VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 153.
WIDESPREAD CONSTERNATION CAUSED BY MAYOR JAMES D. PHELAN'S OFFER TO
SELL OUT HIS PARTY AND TRADE HIS PATRONAGE FOR THE SUPPORT OF RAINEY
WOULD DELIVER THE PARTY
TO THE MEN WHOM HE HAS
DENOUNCED AS SCOUNDRELS
In His Speech at the Sacramento Convention the Mayor
Fiercely Assailed the Harney-Rainey Delegates
and Their Leaders, and Called Them the
Creatures of the Allied Corporations.
PHELAN. RAINEY & CO.. Polit
ical Purists. Kid Glove and
Silk Hat Politics a Specialty.
Such Is the sign that Mayor Phelan
•would hang in front of his office door
to attract the notice and secure the
political patronage of the honest voters
of San Francisco.
The news that Mr. Phelan had opened
; negotiations with Sam .Rainey, Major
I Harney and the men whom he has for
so long denounced as the rogues,
scoundrels . cutthroats and black
' guards of the local Democracy, came
' as a decided shock to the few good citi
i zens of this city who have persisted in
• closing their eyes to the failings of the
: youthful but wealthy Mayor, and have
been willing to' accept his pretensions
: of personal purity as gospel truth. Now
• that the mask has fallen and revealed
the supposed political purist to .be only
a poor, miserable political shyster, who
prefers dishonor to defeat, and who is
willing to betray those who have sup
; ported him and to barter the patron
■ age of the various departments of the
. city government for the votes of the
' men whom he has spat upon and re
viled, there is a feeling akin to con-,
sternatinn anwn» *±u» ..xnen^-AnA.-th»r^ I
&>:*■ many <*>l tient -•. .." nave . beiitjveu ■■
that .the, .-'youthful and aristocratic
Mayor was honest from inclination and
not from necessity. .
Th^ members of the Non-Partisan
convention — or most of them — who held
Phelan up as the ■white angel of
political purity, the personification of
public virtue and th bright and shin
ing light of oiHciai cleanliness, are ask
ing each other ha y far they have been
committed by Phelan's act in casting
discretion and past pretensions to the
winds to become an humble slave beg
ging for a smile, a word, a vote, at the
hands of Sam Rainey — an . willing and
anxious to exchange for the smile or
the kindly word or the much-needed
vote ilt dges tn thf- people and the
ectiv< spoils • ' his office. It was
this same Non-Partisan convention
that indorsed the nominations made by
Phelan through his nominating conven
tion com of the members of his
Committee of One Hundred— or at least
those of them who wore candidate
patronage offices. It is this patronage
that Phelan te using as a bribe to in
duce Rainey et al. to come to his arms
and be to him as a brother. Can it be
possible that the good, the pure and the
upright Mr. Phelan sought the indorse
ment of the Non-Partisan convention
for these seekers after patronage of
fices, having in mind a desire to thus
enhance the value of the goods that he
intended later to barter for the em
braces Of Sam Rainey?
There was once an honest burglar <
who had never killed his guards and j
escaped from the penitentiary, because
he had never been caught and sent to j
prison. There are those who, In the
light of recent events, are asking them
selves if it is not true that Mr. Phelan
has never before — so far as is known — I
dabbled in political corruption, because
it has not been necessary for him to
do so. ■ I
Once upon a time there was a white
pwan that posed as an object of beauty
and purity upon the surface of a calm
and peaceful mill pond. But the pond
went dry, leaving nothing but an ex
panse of black mud, and the swan, in
stead of seeking the fountain from
which the pure water that once filled
the pond had come, fought with the
swine for the worms that lay beneath
the mud— and seemed to like the Job.
The friends of Mr. Phelan have said
FRAUDS AT THE
OMAHA EXPOSITION
OMAHA. -Neb., Oct. 30.— A sensation
has developed in the Department of
Exhibits at the Exposition growing out
of the arrest of H. B. Hardt, assistant
manager of that department and gen
eral superintendent, on two warrants
charging him with forgery. He will be
arraigned to-morrow.
Hardt denies the charge, and in turn
declares he will make some counter
charges to-morrow that will pause
more of a sensation than his arrest in
Exposition circles. What these counter
charges are can only be surmised but
th -eneral impression is that Hardt
v n cliarge crookedness in other de
partments. In the meantime a large
number of exhibitors, representing the
interests of all parts of the country, are
The San Francisco Call
that he relied upon the votes of Re
publicans for his election. If such was
the case he has evidently come to. the
conclusion that he does not need Re
publican support, fox he must know
that Republicans will not vote for a
man who seeks alliance with Sam
Rainey.
It was less than . three months ago
that Mr. Phelan went to Sacramento
on the occasion of the meeting of the
Democratic State Convention for the
purpose of making an open fight
against the seating of a delegation sent
to the convention by the Harney-
Rainey branch of the local Democracy.
He won the fight and was crowned
King of the Purists by the Examiner
and those of his following who had
helped him. steal the control of the
Democratic party in San Francisco. On
that occasion Mr. Ph ■■■in placed himself
; on record before the people of the State
! by making a speech before the con
vention on the subject of the standing
of the men who composed the Harney-
Rainey delegation. It had been sug
gested that a compromise be effected
whereby both contesting delegations be ,
seated in the convention and that each
be entitled to half a vote. This offer
• - • hljrh
principles he claimed to represent. He
said:
"But there are some occasions on
which, we cannot, in justice to our
selves and to the principles for which
we stand, even breathe the word
'compromise.' You cannot jump half
way down Niag-aral"
Having put the temptation of the of
fered compromise behind him, Mr. Phe
lan turned his attention to Sam
Rai'ney with whom he is now flirting
and to whom he would betray the men
who have remained' his supporters be
cause they believed in his honesty and
sincerity of purpose. He spoke as -fol
lows:
"But for two years I have been
fighting hand-to-hand, at close quar
ters, with a power whose strength
and whose corrupt methods I have
learned to appreciate, and I feel, and
' I know in my heart and soul, that
the men who represent the Committee
of One Hundred are here arrayed
with a sincerity of purpose and a
strength capable of accomplishment
against that power. I do not impute
dishonor to other men, but I know
that in the city and county of San
Francisco there is a boss (Rainey);
that he seeks to control conventions;
that he is omnipotent in controlling
small bcdies of men, because his
means and weapons are such as you
13 I may not employ. I have seen
: Board of Supervisors of San
mcisco fall down before this
urer. I have seen the Board of
ucation disgrace our municipality
and the party name."
Big: paid his compliments to
Mr. Phelan turned his atten
the member* of the Harney
deU-jration— the same men to
ie is now offering the patronage
City Hall if they, will vote for
him. This is what ho had to say of the
delegates:
"It has be*n asserted here that
there has been a delegation sent to
contest our seats, and that that power
of bossism sympathizes with them. I
can only tell from tne personnel of
that delegation whether it is true or
not. I feel, and I tell you here, that
the boss of San Francisco (Rainey),
the fountain-head of corruption, has
relations, and intimate relations,
with the men who are knocking at
the door of this convention for ad
crying fraud and demanding a rcUrar
incr and adjustment of the awards
which the boldly assort Hardt rVia
nipulated for value received last week
The complaints allege that Hardt
changed the awards of Judges so that
medals and certificates of merit whk'h
would have gone to certain firms went
to other firms, and the inference
remains that Hardt made these
changes for considerations of more or
less value.
GREAT FIRE IN THE
VALE OF CASHMERE
All Public Buildings and Many Resi
dences of Serinagur Con
sumed.
BOMBAY. Oct. 30.— A great fire In
Serinayur, one of the capitals of Cash
mere, in the Vale of Cashmere, destroyed
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1898.
What a. Mockery It Would Be> for the Boss of the City
(Rainey) to Send &. Delegation Here Reeking With the Brifc>e
Money of the Gas, Water and Electric Companies, of the
Southern F*acific and of the Other Great Flowers Seeking to
Control Courts and Legislatures.— Mayor Phelan in a Speech
at Sacramento,
"MAKE ME AS ONE OF THY SERVANTS."
mission in the name of the Democrat
ic party of San Francisco."
Major Harney — the same Major Har
ney before whom the Mayor has Just
bent his proud knee — was the next vie-
all the public buildings and many resi
dences yesterday. One man was killed.
The damage is estimated at ten lakhs
($500,000).
POLICEMAN SHOT BY
A COLORED CORPORAL
Called .j£ito a Cheyenne Saloon to
Quell a Row Between Two
Rival Lovers.
CHEYENNE. Wyo., Oct. 30.— About 10
o'clock this evening Policeman Jamea
Own was shot by Corporal Burtise of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry (colored) from
Fort Russell. Officer Green is now in the
hands of a surgeon and his condition is
serious.
The trouble arose in a saloon between
Burtise and another colored man, who
were rivals for the affections of a woman.
The officer was called in to quiet the men
and was shot by Burtise. The bullet per
Tim of the Mayor's invective. He said:
"Gentlemen of the convention,
Major Harney is at the head of the
contesting delegation. I know that
we have gone into the campaign for
forated the right lung, ranging down
ward, and lodged in the right hip. The
negro was arrested.
SPAIN'S CHIEF PEACE
COMMISSIONFR IS ILL
Indisposition of Senor Rios Will
Probably Further Delay
Negotiations.
PARIS, Oct. 30.— Senor Montero Rios,
president of. the Spanish Peace Commis
sion, is ill. This causes some doubt this
evening as to whether there will be a
joint session of the commissions io-mor
row. If he Is unable to attend it is un
likely that the Spaniards would consent
to enter the conference to take up the
Philippine question for Initial considera
tion.
There is a stronpr impression, which has
been growing here recently, that the
I clean municipal government in San
Francisco, and he was not with us.
I know that arrayed against us was
the boss and his so called organiza
tion, and the Republican boss and his
Spanish, upon receiving definite assur
ances of the American determination to
take the entire Philippine group, will quit
the conference. .
The joint session. If It. is held to-morrow.
will begin at 2 p. m. The American's case
Is ready for presentation.
RARE STAMPS STOLEN
BY PARIS THIEVES
Over Ten Thousand Taken From the
Department of Post and
Telegraphs.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— Information
received from Paris states that the De
partment of Post and Telegraphs at Rue
de Grenelle has been robbed of more
than 10,000 stamps, the value of which
cannot be estimated.
Each Government sends to this bureau,
through the Internal Postal Agency at
organization, who are in turn the
subservient tools of the Southern Pa
cific Company, and that we met
them in fair and open combat and
beat them twice. We gave them an
Berne, Switzerland, five stamps of every
denomination. Among the stolen stamps
is one from the Island of Mauritius, val
ued at $2500. and which is said to have
been the only one in existence.
IMPOSSIBLE TO AGREE,
REPORTS SENOR RIOS
Suggests to His Government That
Further Peace Discussion
Is Useless.
LJNDON, Oct. 30.— A dispatch to the
Central News from Madrid, by way of
Bayonne, says Senor Montero Rios, presi
dent of the Spanish Peace Commission,
has informed his Government that it is
impossible to agree with the American
de.egates, and it Is therefore useless to
continue discussion.^
Yellow Fever on the Mexican Border.
LAREDO, Tex., Oct. 30.— Mexican of- '
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
NON-PARTISANS
ARE BASELY
DECEIVED
Tfieir Indorsement Secured
That It Might Be Bar
tered Away for Votes.
"Jimmy the Hefter" in the Role ol
a Man Who, Fearing De
feat, Casts Honor and Dis
cretion to the- Winds. .
; encore. Now, if Major Harney be
lieves that he speaks for the people
of San Francisco or represents any
thing here except the influences
which stand behind bossism, nur
tured by Southern Paoific money,
tnen I am mistaken. I, therefore,
accuse no gentleman. I simply tell
you what I know."
If Mr. Phelan still holds to the same
belief to which he gave expression In
i Sacramento he is how, In bidding for
the support of Major Harney, bidding
i for the support of the Southern Pacific
: Company, that hated corporation
; against which he has uttered so many
I threats and carried out so few <•* then;,
being so It may be expected that
! the Examiner will come out with a de
nunciation of the silk hat bo«fr who Is
j seeking the support of the corporation
| and is. willing to barter his honor and
j his patronage in order to get it. This
I should be its logical and only course,
for when the Harney-Rainey delega
tion had been turned down by the con
vention Mr. Phelan wrote to the Exam
iner over his own signature and said:
♦■•J?he repudiation of Raineyism.
was decisive and stamps the charac
ter of the convention."
After using the columns of the paper
for the expression of such a sentiment
it is an act of base ingratitude for him
to kiss the Rainey foot at this late day
in the campaign.
In his speech at Sacramento Mr. Phe
lan made one last oratorical thrust at
his enemy. Sam Rainey, which is here
reproduced that a careful and thought
ful comparison may be made between
it and the circumstances of his recent
proposal to deliver the party organiza
tion and a portion of the patronage of
the city to Rainey in exchange for his
support. He said:
"What a mockery it -would be for
the boss of the city (Rainey) to send
a delegation her 3 reeking with the
bribe money of the water, gas and
electric companies, of the Southern
Pacific and of the other great powers,
seeking to control courts and Legisla
tures."
It will be observed that Mr. Phelan
mentions Rainey's intimate and repre
hensible relations with the allied cor
porations, so it may be safely inferred
that if he has not changed his views on
this point within the past few weeks he
is now seeking corporation support by
attempting to buy the good will and
support of Rainey and Harney.
Politics makes strange bed fellows.
The spectacle that Mr. Phelan is now
trying to prepare for the benefit of the
good citizens of San Francisco is him
self tucked in his little bed with the
burly form of Rainey on the one side
and that of Harney on the other.
And this is the man who wishes to be
the next Mayor of the great city of San
Francisco who p^ees as the model of
ficial of the municipality; who de
clares himself to be the friend of
honest workingmen, and who would
have it understood that he and he
alone possesses all of the virtues that
are necessary to the perfect man.
i fleers report three deaths from yellow
i fever in Monterey on Friday, with four
! new cases. Private Information Indicates
i a greater mortality and an increase in
i sickness. The United States marine of
' flcials inspect all through trains coming
i north from the infected districts.
Slowly Bleeds to Death.
EUREKA, Oct. 30.— Thomas Kinney, an
I employe of Fay Bros.' bolt camp near
! Scotia, met death yesterday. While
i walking on a log he slipped and fell,
striking on an ax blade, which severed
the femoral artery. He bled to death in
a half-hour. He was 22 years old and
unmarried.
-•
Big Cheese Exporter to Assign.
QUEBEC, Oct. 30.— A demand of as-
I signment has been made upon by J. C.
! Warrlngton, one of the largest cheese ex
! porters in Canada, and who also operates
L largely in Northern New York. It Is also
' understood that the demand will not bo
| contested. The 1 liabilities are unknown,
but will be large.2
FRANCE CONCILIATORY, WHILE
ENGLAND IS MORE WARLIKE
PARIS, Oct. 30.— The French press is beginning to manifest a much more concilia
tory spirit regarding Fashoda, apparently with a view to preparing the public mind for the re
call of the Marchand expedition.
LONDON, Oct. 30. — There has been the greatest activity at Davenport, the site of
the largest arsenal in Great Britain and two of the finest dockyards in the world. The Gov
ernment is assembling an emergency squadron, which, it is understood, will go to Gibraltar.
Despite the fact that the wind has been blowing almost a gale, the second class battleship
Colossus arrived from Holyhead, the first class battleship Howe from Queenstown and the
first class battleship Ben Holt from Greenock. Other warships are coming to join the squad
ron and to coal. . The Government has. 200,000 tons of coal.
•ESQUIMALT, B. C, Oct. 30. — In the British North Pacific navy yards here seven
first and second class cruisers and torpedo boats are all preparing for active service. On Fri
day important cables were received. The flagship Imperieuse was absent coaling at Comox.
The warship learns was sent to signal "Make all haste to naval yards." On the arrival of the
admiral the Amphion was taken from the drydock and prepared for war. The Leander was
recalled from Comox and is preparing for sea. The Imperieuse is victualing and has steam up
ready to start, but is waiting for a body of men expected to-day across the continent from
England to give her fighting strength. The Amphion sailed to-day for the Society Islands,
France's South Sea possession. Incidentally it was learned that the Phaeton, now at Co
quimbo, is also ordered to the same group. , • .
RAILWAY POOLS
ARE BENEFICIAL
Thus DeclaresChauncey
M. Depew.
REVIEWS RECENT DECISION
HE SAYS IT TENDS TO CREATE
MONOPOLY.
With the Traffic Association Dis
solved, Stronger Lines Will
Force the Weaker to
the Wall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— Chauncey M.
Depew, having made a study of the de
cision by the Supreme Court on traffic
associations, gives his opinion as fol-
lows:
The decision of the Supreme Court ne
cessitates the dissolution of the Joint
Traffic Association as at present consti
tuted. Broadly stated, the decision means
that there shall be no association among
or agreement in regard to either the
maintenance of rates or the prevention of
rate cutting or the prevention of dis
criminations against weak shippers in
favor of strong ones or against small lo
calities and those along the lines in favor
of the gr<>J.t terminal cities.
The object of the Joint Traffic Associa
tion was, first, to assist the interstate
commerce act; second, to prevent secret
rate cutting:, and third, to prevent the
favoritism to great cities and to great
shipping firms which had been gradually
wiping out intermediate towns and the
email business men.
It Is absolutely necessary for the rail
roads of the country to know thn move
ment of traffic ar.d traffic conditions as
tn freight which is to '"be moved at the
different reservoirs where it is concen
trated. It is also necessary that they
know whether and why this freight is
securing an outlet, if for export, through
the Guff of Mexico or by the Canadian
route, or by the Atlantic seaboard.
It will be necessary, therefore, that some
association should exist as a statistical
bureau for the purpose of gathering this
information and presenting it in frequent
report* to the lines which are members.
All that the railways ask is that under
a form of voluntary agreement or a pool-
Ing law they may be permitted to arrange
among hemselvea so that there shall be
uniform rates to everybody who ships
over th« various lines for the same serv
ice. In other words, as the railroads are
ef-mi-public corporations, then the publics
should be treated upon lines the same as
the Government treats people who use the
postofflce or the- same as people are
treated who use the telegraph lines, viz.:
Uniform rates and. the same treatment
governing for like service.
The great error of the people who
framed the interstate commerce act is
supposing that in preventing the rail
roads agreeing upon rates and having a
pool they are getting lower rates for the
people and preventing discrimination?.
Xnelr legislation proceeded upon the
thought that there is but one line, for in
stance, between New York and Chicago,
whereas there are eight lines. Now, It is
possible for a combination of capitalists
to take the weak line and ship its product
over that line upon an agreemtn much be
low the current rates. The weak lines
may be In the hands of a receiver and
have no obligations to pay either upon its
Btock or upon Its bonds— ln other word",
upon tho invested capital which built it.
The other lines cannot afford to go into
bankruptcy by following this rat« and so
they let the weaker lines have this traffic,
or they conduct their own traffic upon
reasonable rates.
The effect of this is very soon evident.
The rates which these big shippers get
over this bankrupt line enable them "to
make the'r product so much cheaper than
the people who are situated upon the
other lines, or who send to market from
other places than the terminus of the
bankrupt line, that they drive them out of
business. Then the anti-trust, antl-'-nr
poration, anti-combination people by their
own device have created a combination
and a trust. This process has been going
on ever since the interstate commerce
act and " the anti-pooling combination
were in force. If the process continues
the present rapid progress ot the con
solidation of every product into the hands
of one concern or a few men will con
tinue, until both the producer and con
sumer of tho country would have their
prices fixed by the combination Jn tho
various products of the people. If the
eight lines, howfcver. were in a position
where they could protect each other and
the public in giving equal opportunities
by all lines, then the enterprises and
energy and natural facilities of inter
mediate places with smaller expenses and
less capital in their business, with the
owners attending to their own affairs,
would result in a wide distribution of in
dependent business, in the fanner find
ing many competitors for the produce of
his farm and the railways having thou
sands of customers instead of a very few.
The objection to a pooling law has
always been that tho railways would
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
combine to raise prices. It is apparently
useless for th<- railroad man to say what
he knows to be a fact, that the demands
of the different markets, the competition
of the waterways and the conditions of
the different centers at which freight is
gathered make it impossible for the rail-
ways to raise rates. But the railways are
not only willing, but maintain, that this
danger should be obviated by. securing the
Government control over all pooling
rates. The railways ask for no pooling
law except upon these conditions:
First- that the pooling contract shall
not be made until it has been approved by
the Interstate Commerce Commission,
and,
Second— That if the rates prove oppres
sive or unjust in the traffic which is
Subject i" the pool, the Interstate Com
merce Commission shall have the right
to step in and right the wrong, if there
is any, or abrogate the po >1.
The only objection I have ever heard is
that the Government cannot be trusted.
Certainly there has been nothing in the
conduct of the interstate commission]
since its formation which justifies such j
a charge. If such a charge is true, then
ail governement is a failure when great
risibilities devolve upon it. The rail
do not care how much the Inter-
state Commerce Commission is strength
ened it" in its present form it is not en
tirely satisfactory. The tailroads ara
anxious that the commisslpn should be
as strong and judicial as possible. The
nearer it approaches the absolutely in
dependent form of the Supnemo Court of
the United States, the betttr it will suit
the railroads. ' /
Failing, however, in legislation on the
suuject and supposing that the law re
mains as the Supreme Court has decided,
against railroad pooling and agreements
under the present statutes, the natural
tendency of the railroads will be to follow
the general trend of the other business of
the country. This' will not be a rapid
process, but this tendency will be sure.
The weaker lines will be unable to stand
the strain of irregular and wholly uncer
tain or unremunerative compensation
which follows. They will not be able to
raise the money which the stronger lines
can to. take advantage of every invention,
every improvement, every elimination of
grade crossing, every powering of grade,
every taking uut of curves, every substi
tution of machinery and automatic appli
ances which can cheapen the cost of car
rying. So they will be bankrupted and
ultimately absorbed ,by the stronger lines,
and the business'of the country .-will be in
the hands of the latter. This absorption
and the consequent formation of a few gi
gantic corporations to do the carrying
business of the country would threaten
another railway agitation, whether wise
or not. and a long period of disturbance
of business— that sort of disturbance
which makes bad times, because the busi
ness man has factors to deal with in leg
islation and in uncertain rates which
make it impossible for the wisest head to
forecast the future.
This decision will be a fortunate docu
ment, if Congress in a calm, broad way
will take up the whole question and so
legislate that, the public and railways and
their investors and their employes may
be fully protected; that large freedom for
agreement may be granted to the railways
among themselves under strict supervision
and rigid control of the Government ' of
the T'nited States. If the Government is
not equal to the task of impartial super
vision of this business under these condi
tions it better retire from the thought of
rerunning- the responsibilities for Cuba,
Porto Rico, Hawaii and the Philippines.
DEATHS AMONG
THE TROOPS
AT MANILA.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 80.— The
following cable was received at
the War Department to-day
from General Otis:
MANILA, Oct. 30.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: Following are
the deaths since last report, Octo
ber 21:
Sergeant Major Roy W. Hover,
First South Dakota, malarial fever.
Private Henry H. Weaver, Tenth
Pennsylvania, chronic dysentery.
Private Alfred J. Erysman, First
Nebraska, typhoid fever.
•Private Thomas W. P. Harney,
Fourteenth Infantry, malarial
fever.
Private Arthur Simms, First Ne
braska, acute diarrhoea.
Private Frank H. Heeley, hospital
corps, typhoid fever.
Private D. Lee, Twenty-third In
fantry, smallpox.
Private Charles J. Jorgensen,
Eighth Infantry, typhoid fever.
Private John Morgan, First North
Dakota, smallpox.
Private Earl Wosterhout, First
Nebraska, typhoid fever.
Private Walter J. McLean, First
Montana, typhoid fever.
Private Edward Manches, First
South Dakota, typhoid fever.
OTIS.
VICTIM OF CARBUNCLES.
Prominent Marysville Citizen Dies of
Blood Poisoning.
MARTSVILLE, Oct. 30.— H. R. D.
Townsenfl; a prominent member of the
Masonic, Odd Fellows, United Workmen,
Knights 'of Pythias and Eastern Star
lodges of this city, died at 4 o'clock this
morning of blood poisoning, superinduced
by carbuncles. He was a native of New
York, aged 59. The funeral will be held
on Wednesday afternoon. A widow and
daughter survive him.
More Bodies From Elevator Ruins.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Oct. 30.— Two bodies
were taken from the ruins of the Union
Elevator fire to-day. One is thought to
be that of Bert Wainwright, who is still
unaccounted for. A total of eighteen
dead is the result of this fire, which oc
curred September 2.
Terrific Hailstorm in France.
MENTONE, France, Oct. 30.— This dis
trict was vialted by a terrific hailstorm
this afternoon, which la continuing this
evening. The atones are- of Immense size.
The olive and lemon cropa have been
completely destroyed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1898.
SPANIARDS MUST
PULL UP STAKES
Only Two Short Months
to Stay in Cuba.
NO FURTHER DILLY-DALLYING
FIBST OF JANUARY THE DATE
SET FOR EVACUATION.
Uncertainty as to the Departure of
General Lee's Corps — Two Re
calls From Havana That
Are Significant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. WASHINGTON, Oct. &.— No definite
determination has been reached as to
the date when the troops now at Sa
vannah will be sent to Cuba, A promi
nent administration officer said to-night
that the movement of General Lee's
corps would be dependent, to a certain
extent, upon the movements of the <
Spanish forces in evacuating: the island, j
The American troops, he said, might
sail this week, and they might not sail
for a month. It is the intention of the
administration, however, to land Gen
eral Lee's oorijis in Cu,ba before the let
of January. ' a been flxeci
definitely as th. le final evac
uation of the b e Spaniards.
An effort wai the Spanish
authorities tc extension of
the time of ' the Ist of
February, but >n was de
clined. Arrant "\e landing
and camping o.- an forces
have been compl< «^,u^  although
some of the de\. have not been
worked out yet. £. .ie recall at this time
of Colonel Heclref and Colonel Lee from
Havana is pimply to secure their aid
here in the working out of these de
tails.
General Fitzhugh Loe came to Wash
ington from Richmond last night, but
remained only until an early train this
morning. His business was purely pri
vate and he called on no War Depart
ment officials. Important orders will
be sent him early this week relating to
the movement of his corps, but as yet
the War Department has not disclosed
their nature.
HAVANA, Oct. 30.— Colonel Hecker
and Colonel Lee of the United States
Special Transportation Commission,
received cablegrams from Washington
by the first steamer available!. The
messages, which were from Secretary
Alger, were very brief — simply direct
ing the recipients to report to the War
Department — and there is considerable
perplexity as to the object of the recall.
Answers were immediately cabled to
Washington, but up to the hour of fil
ing this dispatch no rejoinder had been
received, thus leaving the matter of
Colonel Hecker's departure doubtful,
though Colonel Lee will leave to-mor
rov.- by the Ward line steamer Seneca.
The supposition is that the death of
Colonel George W. Waring Jr. in New
York City has necessitated some
change in the plans of the War Depart
ment. General Wade and Lieutenant
Colonel Clous had a long conference
with Colonel Lee and Colonel Hecker
this afternoon. Colonel Lee's departure
will leave the commissions on trans
portation and the selection of camp
sites without a chairman and the quar
termaster's department without a dis
bursing officer. Dr. O. Kciley, upon
whom the chairmanship of the two
commissions will devolve, is now head
quartermaster.
The impression is general among the
Americans here that the recall of Col
onels Lee and Hecker at this particular
Juncture is highly significant.
MESSAGE FROM DEWEY.
Congratulates Philadelphia on Sue-
cess of the Peace Jubilee.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 30.— Mayor War
wick to-day received the following cable
gram from Admiral Dewey, in response
to the one extending to him Philadel
phia's congratulations on the occasion of
the city's peace jubilee and regretting his
inability to take part in it along with the
other heroes of the campaign. The tele
gram reads:
MANILA, Oct. 28.— Hon. Charles P. Warwick.
Mayor, Philadelphia: The officers and men of
th* squadron under my command join me In
thanking you for your kind message, and we
congratulate you and the City of Philadelphia
on the great success of the Jubilee.
GEORGE DETWEY. Hear Admiral.
Leading Presbyterian Divine Dead.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 30.—Rev. Samuel
Mutchmore, one of the prominent minis
ters in the Presbyterian church, died to
day at his home in this city. He was
aged 69 years and had been ill for about
a year. He was pastor of the Memorial
Presbyterian Church in this city for many
years. Prior to that he had charges m
St. Louis and Louisville. He leaves a
widow and several children.
Sig. Marasi, the celebrated Italian
sculptor, who was commissioned by thp
Pope some years ago to execute his
tomb, has at length completed the task
The tomb is of flawless white carrara
marble. Surmounting the lid of the tomb
is a lion, while on the right hand is a
statue of Faith, with a torch in one hand
and the Bible In the other. On the op
posite side ia a statue of Truth, bearing
the arms of the Pope. On the tomb, be
neath the lion, is carved the Inscription
"Hie Leo XIII., P. M.. Prelvls Eat."
WOULD ABOLISH
THE STAR ROUTES
Report of the Postoffice
Department.
LARGE FIELD FOR FRAUD
SYSTEM DISCREDITABLE TO THE
GOVERNMENT.
Mail Service in Alaska During the
Past Year Shown to Have
Been Irregular and
Unreliable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 30.— The im
mense work of transporting the mails
throughout the United States is dealt
with in the annual report of Second As
sistant Postmaster General William S.
Shallenberger, which was made public
to-day. The main feature of the re
port is a vigorous arraignment of exist
ing star route methods. Mr. Shallen
berger refers to the present system of
speculative bidding for star routes as
"discreditable to the Government." He
says the bidders cut a little under the
regular contract prices and risk being
able to sub-let at a profit. The com
petition results in the greater part of
these contracts being awarded at very
low rates, the accepted bidders or their
agents often using deceit and misrepre
sentation in securing sub-contracts
from poor and ignorant men as prin
ciples and sureties. The report re
cites the subsequent steps, saying the
sub-contractors, if complaining of
greater requirements than they under
stood, are threatened with the penal
ties by the contractors or if the sub
contractors attempt service with inade
quate equipment, fines are imposed
upon them. Finally, if the sub-con
tractors abandon the routes or the de
partment is compelled to remove
them and employ temporary service,
the cost of which is charged to the
contractors, the latter in turn take ac
tion against the sub-contractors, who
may thus lose the little property they
have.
'Then there are the unscrupulous con
tractors," it is added, "who fail to pay
their carriers, which causea hundreds of
claims against the contractors flled in
this office and necessitates voluminous
correspondence to get the claims ad-
Justed. Again, there will be a bidder
who, in his inexperience and eagerness,
will make his bid at rates lower than
those for which he can secure sub
contracts. There follows a general
failure to perform the service awarded
him, and the department is put to
trouble and expense of arranging tem
porary service and reletting the con
tracts."
The conclusion drawn is that the
I profit to contractors must be consider
able, and It the department could deal
dir«ukly witV (Vr.mfc» who do tht; worK,
the total ar mm paid by the Govern
ment being Vut into the service, with
out any margin to speculative middle
men, it would undoubtedly produce bet
ter mail service. It is conceded that
exclusion of speculative bidders would
increase the cost to the Government,
and recent examinations at the re
quest of Congress indicate the addi
tional cost would be $1,500,000, which,
however, would go into effect gradually.
The belief is expressed that a con
siderable larger sum for faster trans
portation would be well expended, if it
resulted in improved equipment, "as
many of the vehicles now used in carry
ing the malls present such a dilapi
dated and disreputable appearance as
to be a strung argument in condemna
tion of the present system."
Legislation is recommended, requiring
all such bidders to reside m or contig
uous to the route covered, or formally
agree to reside and personally super
vise the service, and authorizing re
fusal to accept bids, deemed excessive^
The report shows the number of mail
routes at the close of the year was 33,
795, total mileage 380,381, and averaging
on each route nine trips per week.
There were 434,332,691 miles traveled on
these routes, costing almost $107 a mile
of length each, or almost 12 cents a mile
traveled. The total annual rate of ex
penditure for both routes within the
United States and in the foreign mail
service was $53, 823,454.
Discussing Alaska, Mr. Shallenberger
says the mail service on the overland
route from Juneau by Dyea to Circle,
providing for letter mail only, was ex
tremely unsatisfactory, the contractor
falling to render the required number
of trips, and those performed were ir
regular and unreliable, serious com
platnts following. The arrangement
with the Canadian Postofnce Depart
ment regarding a monthly exchange of
letter mall between Dyea and Dawson
also fell below expectations. To secure
regular service in the Alaskan interior
relay stations were established at fre
quent Intervale along the routes and
equipped to meet all emergencies. This
was done with the consent of Canada.
The establishment of an overland mail
route from Cooks Inlet or Prince Wil
liam Sound through the interior to the
Yukon River has been considered, but
it is not practicable to establish it at
present.
The expenditures to railroads for mail
transportation, so far as shown by ac
counts stated to September 30, was $30,
440.537. and the estimate for railroad
transportation for the fiscal year end
ing June 30, 1900, is $33,275,000. A defi
ciency of nearly $1,000,000 in this fiscal
year for transportation is probable.
Concerning the railway mail Rervice,
the report shows there were 1268 miles
of traveling poßtofflces, and makes a
recommendation for a reclassification
of thp service and for legislation re
quiring newspaper publishers to make
primary separation of their papers and
periodicals for mailing, requiring postal
clerks to -wear badges instead of the
present regulation caps, and for the
general establishment of postal stations
in railroad depots.
For ocean mail transportation in the
next fiscal year $2,154,000 is estimated.
Over fourteen million letters and post
cards have been distributed in transit
in our international sea postoffices and
only 1500 errors were reported.
CYCLONE SWEEPS A
SECTION OF LONDON
Immense Damage to Property and
Many People Injured by
Flying Debris.
LONDON, Oct. 30.— During a severe
storm last night a small area, about half
a mile square, around Denmark Hill,
Camberwell, London, was visited by a
cyclone. Cabs were overturned, windows,
doors, lampposts, trees and chimneys
were blown down and a number of houses
unroofed.
The contents of numerous hawkers'
stalls were carried hundreds of yards in
the air by the wind and many people were
injured by the flying debriß, which also
did immense damage to property.
SEA TELEGRAPHY
REVOLUTIONIZED
Rapid Transmission of
Information.
GENERAL GREELY'S REPORT
VALUE OF THE SINE-WAVE
SYSTEM.
Experiments Prove the Superiority of
Alternating Cur'-ents Over
the Methods 1 ow
In Use.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— One point
in the annual report of General Greely
has escaped public attention owing to
its disassociation Avith the late war. It
relates to the discoveries of two young
physicists, Professor A. C. Crehore and
Lieutenant Colonel George O. Squier,
volunteer signal officer, who have lately
pursued, under the direction of the
chief signal officer of the army, certain
scientific investigations that promise
to work a revolution in methods of
ocean telegraphy. General Greely ex
presses his belief that these discoveries
and inventions have assumed such
form and phase as to be of the greatest
value to the commercial world. The
discoveries outline the true scientific
methods of telegraph known as the
sine-wave system.
The first experiments were made at
the Artillery School, Fort Monroe, Vir
ginia, and were discussed theoretically
in 1897 under the title of the "synchrono
graph," a new method of rapidly trans
mitting information by the alternating
currents. The next step was the test
ing of this system on a long telegraph
line, and for this purpose Professor
Crehore and Colonel Squier visited
England, where they were afforded
every facility for experimental work
over the Government telegraph lines
through the courtesy of the Postmaster
General and the distinguished electri
cian. Chief Engineer Preece.
The experiments, the report sets
forth, proved conclusively the superior
ity of a modern alternating current
smooth wave, the typical form of which
is a simple sine wave as compared with
the system now exclusively used
throughout the world in code teleg
raphy. Under the sine wave system
words were sent and received over a
line 1100 miles long at a rate of over
3000 words per minute. Under this new
system the speed of the Wheatstone
commercial receiver was increased as
much as threefold when operated under
identically the system of. the old code
of telegraphy. The superiority of the
sine wave having been decided by ex
perimental apparatus, the next step is
to construct transmitters for actual
commercial conditions. Two special ap
paratuses were devised, one for operat
ing land lines and the other for the
transmission of messages over long
cables. The cable transmitter was com
pleted and land instruments advanced
whe<n the late war interrupted prog
reps, which has only lately been re
newed by direction of General Greely.
The first practical tests of the cable
transmitter have just been made
through the courtesy of George Clap
perton and other officials of the Com
mercial Cable Company of New York.
The experiments were made over the
cable betweeen New York City and
Canso, which had a length of 827 knots,
and electrical resistance of 13.700 ohms,
and an electric distributing capacity of
231 microfards. These tests were made
between September 25 and October 16,
1896.
The change from existing telegraphic
methods consists in the substitution for
the present appliance of a transmitter
sending smooth waves, such as are ob
tained in alternating currents working,
without maki^-- any other changes
whatever in the elements of the present
system. The conditions in the trans
mission of messages over long cables
are distinctly and wideJy different from
those on aerial lines. The necessity of
increased speed over ocean cables, the
report continues, while not generally
appreciated, is strikingly obvious when
examined from a commercial stand
point. Since every cable spanning the
Atlantic costs several million dollars
the value of any discovery that will in
crease the working power of these ca
bles is at once apparent.
General Greely says he has no hesita
tion in expressing the opinion that the
sine wave system, which also admits
of easy duplexing, will, within a year
or two, increase very materially the
working capacity of every cable to
which it is applied.
FURTHER SPACE FOR
AMERICAN EXHIBITS
General Commissioner Peck Reports
Having Secured Every Conces
sion Required.
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.— Director of Exhi
bits J. H. McGibbon received yesterday
from General Commissioner F. W. Peck,
at Paris, a telegram stating that he had
been allotted 35,000 square feet of addi
tional floor space for United States ex
hibitors, and had also secured every spe
cial concession demanded. The telegram
was also sent as a contradiction to a
number of reports which have recently
caused considerable misunderstanding.
■ The floor space for American exhibitors
at present amounts to 210,000 square feet.
In the fall of last year the exposition
officials said they could grant the United
States only 100,000 square feet, but before
leaving Paris Major Handy had secured
an additional allotment which increased
the total to 175,000 square rfeet. The many
requests for space and the character of
the exhibits caused a renewal of the de
mands upon the exposition officials, and
although they declared the 175,000 Bquare
feet was the final allotment, Mr. Peck,
through his recent visit to Paris has se
cured an additional floor space of 35,000
square feet, which swells the total to
210,000, besides ground for a Government
building, space for an agricultural pa
vilion on which agricultural implements
will be Installed and a complete and fully
equipped railroad train in operation.
MAN AND WOMAN HELD
UP BY HIGHWAYMEN
Halted and Robbed on a Shasta Road
While Proceeding to a
Danoe.
REDDING, Oct. 80.— Two mas»d high
waymen held up Bent Graham £id a lady
companion on Churn Creek, eight miles
north of here, at 8 o'clock last night. They
had started for Redding to go to a dance,
and on the road this side of Churntown
the highwaymen stepped out of the brush
by the roadside and, with revolvers point
ed at Graham and his companion, ordered
them to stop. The lady was much fright
ened, but Graham quietly yielded to being
searched, and was relieved of $40 and his
watch.
The section where the holdup occurred
is lonely and thickly wooded, and the
escape of the robbers will be easy. Red
ding officers have grone out, but ft is not
expected that the search will amount to
anything*
OIF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance* and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Comiponiii* Witt Any of thi Following flrmi Pl '*^J[^°J3^^l-_,. r.r .^ l ,^
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURB.
> THE P. ROSSI CO.,
firtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock FII lID *TO » Montgomery St..
Auctionf*rs.AlLLir ttvU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
mi schoening, &h& hl B aw t ar:tre._ plled -
BELTING.
LP IIFJiPN Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. UtUCIN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
■-- BOILER MAKERS. "
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. nV! ~
Special Attention Paid to Repair* and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main SO4S.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
ft'RDIEN *• CAVC~ Ma)ters and Dealer* in
U MILFI (I jUllJLandaus, Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate are. and Polk
St., San Francisco.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic, Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA ■ PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. 1617 Market St. _^__
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
©OO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
■ Joseph Vox. Bnpt. . H. Elyth. M«» '»■:■
C. W. Smith. Ship PlumWn_, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
~ DENTIST.
DR. C W. RICHARDS, IV^rgeW
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. f^sg'tfifjjas,
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS.
411-413 California street, rear.
Capital Represented over 314.000.000
______ _____
FLOUR.
NATIfIVAf Flour Mills. J. Martenstf.n «- Co.
PIAIIUnAL BW. cor. Battery and Paclflo st».
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES & CO,, ptn lei ßu Mair^
HARDWARE.
P A I. AC R Hardware Co., Importers S Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
SILVER QUESTION
STILL A MENACE
Ex-President Harrison
on the Subject.
WARNS THE INDIANA VOTERS
DEMOCRATIC CONGRESS MEANS
DISASTER.
i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. 30.— Chairman
Hernley of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee recently invited ex-
President Harrison to take part in the
campaign. The ex-President has sent
Mr. Hernley a letter Baying that im
portant legal business will occupy his
time for several weeks. He discusses
national questions as follows:
In New York, where I was recently, the
Democratic party has pushed aside the
free silver question and is making a
campaign upon the theory that national
issues, and especially the free silver ques
tion, are not involved. In Indiana the
case is quite different. The Democratic
party here has affirmed with emphasis
the Chicago platform of 1596, and in our
own district 1 understand the Democratic
candidate for Congress is strongly urg
ing upon tho people the issue of free sil
ver coinage at the ratio of 16 to 1. Now,
whatever may be the case in New York,
here a Democratic success would dis
tinctly set forward and strengthen the
propaganda for free silver coinage. In
New York many gold Democrats who
affiliated with the Republican party in
1896 are saying that the silver issue is
not involved, but men of that faith cer
tainly cannot say so in Indiana.
It seems to me that it would be a dis
tinct setback for the cause of honest
money and a distinct injury to the State
of Indiana if, in a year so prosperous as
this, a majority of our people should
.'ote for the free coinage of silver. Hon
est money Democrats who have hoped
that the issue might not meet them again
in a Democratic national convention, will
help to make its appearance there cer
tain if they aid in securing a Democratic
victory In Indiana this year.
The apparent settlement of that issue
in 1896 contributed immensely to bring
the prosperity which we now enjoy, to
give confidence to capital, and to secure
work and wages in good money to the
workingman. These classes were awake
then to the vital importance of this issue
and responded with an overwhelming
negative. It would be an unpleasant
thing to contemplate if, while in the en
joyment of the fruits of that victory, any
of those who supported the cause of
sound money in 1896 should now, either
from lethargy or pique, or through the
influence of minor questions, be led either
actively or passively to give their aid
to the revival and perpetuation of this
disturbing influence.
I cannot understand why any Republi
can in the State should withhold his influ
ence or votes from the Republican ticket.
Small differences as to the details of ad
ministration and smaller differences grow
ing out of personal disappointments
should be put utterly aside.
Another consideration, I think, should
strongly influence the voters of the State.
The nation went into war with Spain,
supported by the moral sentiment or the
freat majority of our people of all parties.
t was felt that as to Cuba there was a
distinct call upon the United Btates to in
terpose for the ending of Spanish cruelttes
and misgovernment there. The firing
lines have been withdrawn and our ships
are largely In our own harbors after
achieving on land and sea victories that
have given increased fame to American
arms; but our foreign relations are still
acute and unsettled, and the appeal to
which the response was so generous and
non-partisan at the beginning of the war,
to stand by our own country and its exec
utive and administrative officers, should
be felt and responded to. Our election re
sults Bhould not give, or even seem to
give encouragement to those who would
find in our discords and divided counsels
their advantage. Our British cousins
have i »rood habit of standing by when
tfteir nation is conducting delicate and ir
rittatlng foreign qestions. Very truly
yours, BENJAMIN HARRISON.
The Pope on Anarchism.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— The Rome corre
ipondent of the Daily Chronicle says the
Pope will shortly Issue an encyclical on
tnarchism.
HARNESS. AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St., 8. P.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturer* at alt
kinds of Harness and dealers in Bu«l»a.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or wriu
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
PIIMO Hunters* Equipments. -■ Flshtn*
niIMV Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. £>nS
MM NO for catalogue. GEO. W. BHRBVH.
%* «# ■1 w -j9j 9 Market street.
IRON FOUNDERS. . ,
Western Foundry. Morton St Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Da.
Bcrlptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black ISO 3.
' JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 138 Sutter s_.
San Francisco. Telephone Mr.ln 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets. CasMmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market St.. San Francisco. CaL
Goods for vale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES, _^_J
Combined Capital. 14,000,000. . "
BTZ * CO.. Areata. 7
• • ■ SOI California rt.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THP RFDNHAVn Mattress Co.. 643 Mtsal<vi
ItlD DCKnIIAKU  Telephone Main lff<
. • PAPER DEALERS.
Will iIMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
VYILLMIII-,1 IE 722 Montgomery Street
PIANOS.
The Oldwrt ~lrm i<nil T^»»— _-» <itork.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
» and 30 O'FarreU St. '
A ««orp»« of expert tuner* and renalrer*.
PRINTING.
EC if UGMESf 511 PRINTER.
• W- lIUVIIIL- O> 611 Sansom* strMt.
SOAP.
GD I vrv tr A 123 California street.
1 B. LDtl Q tU., room 57. Tel Main l«t.
STATIONER AND, PRINTER.
Te^r c PARTRIDGE gg&gSt
THE HICKS-JUDD CO-, 55Sgg', g -«
T . WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and PnbUe Waldura. ,
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*. 1
General office. HO California st. TeL Mala IMC f
WALLPAPER.
WHOtEr KUE & retail : send for samples, stat-
ins: quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 9?* Howard.
WATCHES, ETC.
TT II VTI V Headquarter* for line Jewelry and
• LLnllI» full 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 Id st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNINO.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927.
IMPORTANCE OF
THE NEXT HOUSE
Sound Money Majority
Imperative.
H. H. HANNA SCENTS DANGER
VITAL ISSUE THAT CANNOT BE •
OBSCURED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Oct. 30— A
statement regarding the importance of
the election of a sound money House
this autumn was made public to-day
by H. H. Hanna, the chairma,n of the
executive committee of the Indianap
olis Monetary Conference. Mr. Hanna
said:
1 regard it as of the greatest importance
to the business prosperity of the country
that the House of Representatives cnoaea
next month should have a clear majority
for sound money. This issue Is being ob
scured in some quarters, and an effort is
being made to evade it. It cannot be
evaded in Congress, nor could the effect
of a silver victory be obscured in its in
fluence upon the prosperity of the coun
try. It is almost, if not quite, as impor
tant as it' was in 1896 that the friends of
sound money should act together to se
cure a majority in the next Congress. The
country is upon the threshold of a revival
of business activity which -will mean work
for many hands and increased wages in
many pockets. The election of a silver
majority in the House might not check
this revival absolutely in respect to cur
rent production," but it would exercise a
far-reaching effect by preventing the or
ganization of new enterprises requiring
time for their development. The abandon
ment of such enterprises would ron^r iwni
all industries and interests by diminish
ing the demand tor capital and tne em
ployment of labor.
What I consider important, and what I
think the business community generally
conslders important, is that the majority
of the next House shall be pledged to
organize the House for sound money. The
really important question is not so much
the exact shade of opinion professed by
a candidate upon the money question, but
whether he intends to vote for a Speaker
who is a friend of the gold standard or a
supporter of the free coinage of sliver.
This- question, in my opinion, ought to be
squarely answered by every candidate for
Congress: "Will you vote under any cir
cumstances for a candidate for Speaker
who is favorable to the free coinage of
silver?" A candidate who answers it in
the affirmative or who evades it should
not receive a single souud-money vote
from either party, no matter what haze
he seeks to throw over his personal views
upon the silver problem.
I think the importance of the election
of a sound-mo Hey House is beginning to
be appreciated throughout the country,
and that the issue will be more distinctly
drawn during tho closing days of the cam
paign than it has thus far been.
Mr. Hanna concludes by saying that
he has received letters referring to the
importance of the issue and the neces
sity for a sound money victory from
the following: Ex-Senator Edmunds
of Vermont, John Claflin of* New York,
ex-Senator John M. Palmer of Illinois,
William E. Dodge of New York, Seth
Low of New York, John C. Bullitt of
Philadelphia, John K. Cowan of Balti
more, Stuyvesant Fish of New York
and ex-Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury Charles S. Hamlin of Boston.
Hamlin's is perhaps the most pithy of
the letters received. It says:
I believe it to be of the highpst Im
portance that a sound-money Congress be
elected in the coming flection. The silver
delusion is on the WL..ie ancT most of the
people begin to comprehend that it would
be more difficult to get cheap dollars than
dollars of the present standard; that they
would have to work harder and receive,
in the end, less remuneration— ln other
words, that free silver would affect th<»m
Just" as does a protective tax. Every effort
should be made to bring out the voters to
the caucuses and the polls that the real
will of the people may be made manifest.
Nurse Dies From the Plague.
VIENNA, Oct. 30.— The death is an
nounced of Fraulein Pocha one of the
two nurses who attended the late Herr
Barisch, of Professor Nathnagle's patho
logical laboratory, the first victim of the
outbreak of the bubonic plague in Vienna-ANTI-SEMITE
PAPERS TRY TO
CAUSE WRATH
Would Arouse Hostile
Demonstrations.
COURT OF CASSATION LASHED
TRENCH GENERALS THE PREY
OF DESIGNING FORGERS.
Dreyfus Decision Seems to Have De
layed a Solution of the
French Cabinet
Crisis.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Oct. 30.— Nowhere is there !
any sigm of agitation to-day. The city !
Is quiet. The anti-Semite papers vainly j
endeavor, by abusing- the Judges of the j
Court of Cassation, to lash the public |
into a hostile demonstration, but the \
people seem rather inclined to resent j
the culpability or imbecility of the high I
officers of the general staff, who al
lowed themselves to become the prey
of unscrupulous forgers.
This refers especially to the officers
deputed to investigate the Dreyfus
affair.
It is believed even now that impor
tant facts are being concealed in order
to shield the headquarters staff.
Most of the Paris papers approve the
decision of the Court of Cassation, al
though the Gaulois and the Eclair de
clare that even now revision is by no
means certain. The JLiberte bows to
the decision, but does not think it will
end the agitation. The Figaro an
nounces that Comte Esterhazy has been
deprived of his membership in the Le
trion of Honor.
The Dreyfus decision seems to have
flelayed a solution of the Cabinet crisis.
M. de Freycinet is again hesitating
to accept the portfolio of Minister of
War on the ground that in view of the
rnlo the Protestants have played in the
Dreyfus case it would be Inadvisable
for two Protestants, himself and M.
Ribot. to hold the portfolios of War
and Justice.
COURT OF CASSATION
MAY SUMMON DREYFUS
PARIS. Oct. 30.— 8y Saturday's de
cision the Court of Cassation obtains
the most absolute control over the
Dreyfus case. It can demand and ex
amine any documents whatever, In
cluding- the dossier, of any case bearing
upon the Dreyfus matter, and can ex
amine, under oath, any witness, how
ever high his position.
In short, if the court makes a sin
cere use of its powers the truth will
have a much better chance of being:
discovered than would have been the
case had it merely ordered re» r i«ion be
fore another, courtmartial, whose mem
bers might have been actuated by a de
sire to shield the general staff.
Having concluded its inquiry it can
present a new dossier to either civil
or a military court for the final de
cision. Its proceedings will not be j
public, and there can, therefore, be no
objection to an examination of the al
leged secret dossier, if this is still in
existence, while the numerous generals ;
who have expressed their belief in the i
guilt of Dreyfus will now be called on l
to explain the grounds of their convic
tions.
Although the liberation of Dreyfus
has not been ordered, the court can or
der him brought to France at any mo
ment, and will probably do so at an
early stage of the Inquiry.
The court refrained fmm ordering his
release on Saturday because it would
have been an assumption of his inno
cence.
Taul de Roulede of the Patriotic
"League turned the patriotic manifes
tation at Ln Hourget to-day in memory
of the soldiers who fell there in the
Franco-Prussian war of lftlo, into a
revolutionary demonstration against
the decision f >f the Court of Cassation.
Marcel Habert, member of the Cham
ber of Deputies, followed with a still
more inflammable harangue. There
were, however, no disorders.
As President Faure left the Grand |
Opera House to-night about 11 o'clock |
he was greeted with prolonged shouts I
of "Vive l'Armee" and "A has le i
Juifus."
Count Esterhazy. it is reported, has
written to several citizens demanding
money under the throat of exposure.
SECRET DOSSIER WOULD
CONVICT GEN. MERCJER
LONDON. Oct. 3i.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Times, pointing out
that a serious dilemma has now de
veloped in the "reyfus affair, says:
"If the secret dossier is now com
municated to the Court of Cassation, it
is conceivable that it may incriminate
Dreyfus, but i m .11 certainly convict
General Merrier, the Minister of -War
at the tim<» of conviction of Dreyfus, of
a criminal violation of law in communi
cating to the courtmartial documents
that were not communicated to Drey
fus and his counsel.
"It is said that In order to shield
General Mercier, who acted thus owing
to hifi Weakness <>r his ignorance, that
all subsequent Ministers of War have
adopted an obstinate attitude. If, on
tho other hand, there has never been
» secret flossier, the whole case rests
on the bordereau and must fall to the
ground. How, then, since Lieutenant
Colonel Henry's admission of forgery,
I the general still have declared
Dreyfus' guilt?
"The allegation that the dossier, if
therr- he one, contains a letter from
Emporor William to Colonel Scw.ir
koppen fOerman military attache in
Paris) is utterly improbable. In view of
the Emperor's character and habits he
would never .have written to a military
attache. "
LAKE CITY PROFITS"
BY A MINING BOOM
Discovery of Pay Dirt Doubles the
Town's Population in a
Few Days.
ALTURAS. Oct. 30.-The arrival o* a
Redding capitalist named Brown, accom
panied by a mining .-xpert named Robin
son, at the newly discovered mines in the
vicinity of L,ake City has thrown that
vicinity into a fever of excitement. Some
months ago the announcement was made
that a valuable metal had been discov
ered in the vicinity of the town. Citizens
began to stake out claimn at once. Some
of the quartz was sent to an assayer In
Ban Francisco, and the result has in
terested outside capitalists and miners.
Brown and Robinson are well pleased
with the prospects and are arranging for
the erection of a stamp mill at once.
. People from all sections are coming to
the mines, and the population of Lake
City has been nearly doubled in the last
few days.
The assay shows the quartz to contain
a large percentage of silver and will go
$27 to the ton. The location is easy of
access and supplies can be obtained with
out difficulty.
CHILE AND ARGENTINA
BURYING THL HATCHET
iProtocol Settling tlie Puna Dispute
Will Be Approved by the Con
gress of Each Country.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9S. by James Gor
don Bennett.
BVENOS AYRES, Argentina (via Gal
veston, Tex.), Oct. 30.— A dispatch from
Santiago announces that the protocol
about the Puna de Atacama dispute has
been signed. The protocol establishes
that in case the conference of commis
sions is without result each country will
appoint one commissioner, who will pro
i ceed to fix the boundary of Puna accord
j ing to the treaty of IS'.KJ.
I- It is announced that the Chilean Gov
ernment will request Congress to annul
the law by which Puna was proclaimed
Chilean territory. Next Monday the
Chilean Congress will discuss the proto
co), which will shortly afterward be sub
mitted to the Argentine Congress. Both
will approve it.
When all is concluded there will be a
manifestation of Argentine-Chilean friend
ship, with participation of the army and
navy of both countries: Presidents Roca
■ Err^suriz will meet at Mendoza.
U.PARAISO (via Galveston), Oct. 30.—
entina has accepted Minister Buchan
an, proposed by Chile, to act as final ar
bitrator in the Puna de Atacama ques
tion.
The Chilean Commissioners carry in
structions to promote commercial and in
dustrial negotiations with Argentina
chambers.
It is finally directed that ?000 men be
added to the' regular army next year.
PRESIDENT HOPEFUL
OF EARLY SETTLEMENT
'■ Believes the Paris Negotiations Will
Soon Be Brought to a Con
clusion.
■WASHINGTON. Oct. 30.— An informal
session of the CabineJ was held' to-day.
The President embraced the opportunity
afforded by the presence of several mem
bers of the Cabinet to discuss with them
the forthcoming annual reports. The
members of the Cabinet present were
Secretaries Alger, Long, Blisa and Wil
son and Postmaster General Smith, As
sistant Secretary of the Navy Allen, Ad
jutant General Corbin and Surgeon Gen
eral Sternberg were with the President
during a part of the evening.
The peace negotiations at Paris were
referred to, but were not seriously con
sidered, it is understood. This statement I
is borne out by the fact that Secretary !
of State Hay was not a party to the !
conference. It is authoritatively stated j
that none of the developments in the
Paris situation have arrived here to-day.
The President is said to believe that the
negotiations will be brought to a satis- j
factory conclusion sooner, perhaps, than
is generally expected.
TWO CONSTRUCTIONS ON
BLANCO'S RECENT ORDER
Refusal to Discharge Spanish Troops
in Cuba May Be a Pretext
for Delay.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— The Herald's
I Washington' correspondent telegraphs:
i Two constructions are put upon the re-
I cent order of General Blanco that Span
j ish troops in Cuba shall not .be dis
j charged, but shall first go to Spain and
receive their pay.
This cancels the previous order of Oc
tober 4, Baying such Spaniards ci* desired
could remain In Cuba. Should the troops
choose to return under this latter order
to Spain, it would give the Spaniards a
pretext for asking longer time for the
evacuation, which may be their desire.
On the other hand, it is urged by a high j
"War Department official that the cause i
of this order may have been the inability
of Blanco to pay them and the hope,
therefore, that they would desert and
thereby relieve the Spanish Government
of further obligation. The Spanish regu
lar troops in Cuba, now much scattered,
number about 85,775.
THREATS OF LYNCHING
MADE AT SANTA YNEZ
Citizens Enraged by the Crimes of an
Indian Incendiary, Who Con
fesses His Guilt.
I.OS OL.IVOS, Oct. 30.— The house and
barn of T. Z. McMurray in Santa Aguerla
Canyon, three miles east of Santa Ynez,
■were burned last Sunday while the owner
was away from home. Indications led to
the suspicion that incendiarism covered
a robbery. Later in the week MeMurray
found a San Jacota Indian, Jose Cer
bantez, riding in his cart, which had been
missing since the fire. He got out a
pearch warrant and found a wagon-load
of stolen goods in the Cerbantez house.
The Indian was brought before Justice
Lyons at Ballard and pleaded guilty to
charges of robbery and incendiarism.
He was-tyDund over to appear before Su
perior Judge Day.
There were threats of a lynching at
Santa Ynez last night. The town has ex
perienced several such fires In the past
three years.
WILL RAISE THE
REINA MERCEDES 1
Wrecking Company to Begin the
Work of Clearing the Santiago
Harbor Entrance.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Oct. 30.— The
wrecking company will begin work to- ■
morrow on the raising of the Reina Mer- ;
cedes, which was sunk by the Spaniards
in the mouth of the harbor. The work j
on the Cristobal Colon continues.
Quartermaster Scott has learned of i
many robberies committed by Cuban pas- :
sengers on the Panama, who left the :
ship with trunks and valises filled with
dry goods, blankets and food taken from !
freight stores. Several arrests have been j
made.
Edward Sumner and Peter Flint, repre- j
senting the Helen Gould war relief and I
the Llpton fund committees, have arrived I
here with $10,000 worth of goods and
medical supplies for distribution.
JUST TOO LATE TO
PREVENT SUICIDE
Stranger Kills Himself in a Detroit
:j Hotel as Officers Break Into
His Boom.
DETROIT, Mich., Oct. 30.— A man. who '
registered at the Michigan Exchange Ho
tel as J. H. Oranflll. killed himself this
afternoon, just as the police officers were '<
attempting to prevent the act. - The
stranger had been in his room all 'day
and through the transom was seen to be 1
pacing about the floor flourishing a re
volver. The officers burst in the door !
buJL Granflll shot himself just as a de- .
tective grasped his arm. He had pre
viously taken morphine. - Ojily one cent ,
was found on his person. * j
WILL SOON BE MANNED
BY AMERICAN SEAMEN
The Cruiser Infanta Maria Teresa
Starts for Norfolk in Tow
of the Vulcan.
BpeclaJ cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Coyrtghtpd, 18S8. by James Gor
don Bonnet...
CAIMANERA, Cuba. Oct. 30.— The
Spanish cruiser Infanta Maria Teresa,
which was raised and repaired under the
direction of Naval Constructor Hobson,
sailed for Norfolk this afternoon. Owing
to a slight accident to one of her engines
earlier In the week she started north In
tow of the repair ship Vulcan.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1898.
EMPEROR AND
EMPRESS AT
JERUSALEM
Formal Entry by the
Jaffa Gate.
GUNS ROAR A WELCOME
NOTED CHURCHES VISITED AND
ADDRESSES PRESENTED.
After an Excursion to Jericho, Djevad
Pasha, the Sultan's Represen
tative, Will Leave the
Royal Party.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
JERUSALEM, Oct. 30.— The approach
of their German imperial Majesties to
the city yesterday was made through
triumphal arches and amid banners,
garlands and ever-growing crouds, who
displayed in every way thsir enthusi
asm and delight.
The formal entry through the Jaffa
Gate was heralded by the roar of guns
at the citadel, where the Turkish band
played the German anthem.
From the Tower of David Emperor
William and Empress Augusta Vic
toria proceeded on foot, amid wild
cheering, to the Church of the Holy
Sepulcher, where they were received by
the Catholic, Greek and Armenian
clergy, whose patriarchs presented ad
dresses eulogizing the devotion of Em
peror William, who has since conferred
decorations on the patriarchs.
Their Majesties then proceeded to
"the German Evangelical Church, where
the pastor presepted an address.
At 6 o'clock In the evening (Satur
day) a reception was held at the Ger
j man Consulate and later there \vas a
general illumination of the city with a
disp-lay of fireworks.
To-day the imperial pair attended
service at the Evangelical Church in
Bethlehem, afterward paying a visit to
the Church of the Nativity. The
J weather to-day has been beautiful and
; everywhere the greatest- enthusiasm
I has been displayed.
After the excursion to Jericho, Djevad
Pasha, former Grand Vizier, recently
Turkish Governor of Crete, and now at
j tached to the person of Emperor Wil
liam as a special representative nf the
Sultan, will leave the imperial suite. It
! is rumored that this is due to some un
pleasantness.
Emperor William has sent his por
trait in brilliants to Tewfik Pasha,
Turkish Embassador to Germany, who
was among the high Ottoman dignitar
ies that received the Emperor and Em
press in Constantinople.
PONCE EXPERIENCES
AN ANARCHIST SCARE
Customs Officials Find Explosives in
the Handbags of Two New
Arrivals.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Oct. 30.— A sensa
tion was caused here yesterday, on the
arrival of the Red D line steamer Phila
delphia from the Spanish main, by the
discovery in the handbags of two pas
senpers of a number of explosive car
tridges containing dynamite. The dis
covery was made by the customs officials,
and thf passengers were arrested on the
supposition that they are anarchists. The
police, who fpar that others belonging to
the gang have escaped, are making a
strict search.
To Have a Simple Funeral.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— The remains of
Colonel George E. Waring Jr., who died
Saturday, which were placed in an urn
temporarily, remained to-day at Swin
burne Island. What disposition will bo
made of them has not yet been decided
upon by Mrs. Waring. On account of the
express wish of Colonel Waring there will
be no public funeral. Colonel Waring
often said that he wished his obsequies
to b^ of the simplest character. The
quarantine was lifter! to-day from the
house in which Colonel Waring died.
" . . ADVERTISEMENTS.
Will certainly convince you that the only firm that can do business on the
principle of "money back if you're not suited in v every way" must be the firm
that sells the right kind of goods at the right kind of prices. We name some
guaranteed goods below that ar6"of the right kind— choice, up-to-date, new,
fall goods. The prices are— oh, : well, just like all our prices, always right—
THE LOWEST IN SAN FRANCISCO!
t Men'S We have in the last W v 7V\O'tl - l©l*S'!
llieil b fewdaysrece.vedanew M /rlOTf!^! Si
Fedora I°^^^ My, We win outfit your ._^
\j»-/ HatS ularats7.9s. More for / Jr. A \ boy this Week for .pr« M» -si §BiN|Si
yyTi\ n i "«i« the money no one could A > •*'■)*') $5.00. f
/^LVy fl> ' yO CIS. certainly want, and bet- \if - # _, / Ages 4to 14 Years— Read our \) /Prf\
V/ > In pearl, brown and ter styles it would be €*"! Unparalleled Offer below : A jjg| \ c /
black. The latest new hard to find Of Cassl - J. J' .■ For this week wo will give [ HM \ . /
&T fall shapes shown. .meres, Cheviots and ryT your boy A SUIT, A SHIRT- / • JHSL: U /
P Tweeds. Remember «1 1 I WAIST, A CAP, A SUIT OF / (^^^% /- /
. .... '■ .'■■••-• the price and drop in UNDERWEAR, A TIE and A [\ / Bfc/^J^pJL I /
Ladies' , ■ jgL Ind g <MtlL.g7.og PA lB o ,rocKiNas-a..fo r ./ |^j?l. ■U :
r6Qora, KRIS, • ' -< i..-~^ We can show some new *%?>& • .The suit is one of ourregu- H 'l : V^(. — _J
Q^r»fo : #^^M and very stylish Covert x^Vvtt/ lation, All-Wool Middy <&£< \<<§JSvKjl~H
UU Vlb. fe®s Cloth Overcoats in three A «J?\ Suits, with best silk ' ; H vtt^^^^lA'^P^' I
Fedoras of proper style ijfg^&M* distinct shades of brown. /./ T. \ . bindings and best trim- m \ WsJo\ E
are becoming to most /B~|r^ These coats have all the/ *^S-_V -- mings. Made by us with H /-- *^"~^^A '-/^ Ara
women. We are showing 0/'^%^ distinctive style of ihe new\^~~^ "" particular care, and wprth ' £f J i^^^^^l !^irM^
some very pretty ones at M>OM a " coals, and are unusu- N*yj J every cent of . . . . . . $5.00 .' 1 /^^i^^^riv^^K
the above price, in pearl, '^'f^ ally good values. I / U The Laundered - Shirt (mother's A wWk i
brown and black ;\ in -various bindings. gy,gg S|L4a(r f rien d) is ' w0rth ...... .50 'W
'Men's Furnishings.; 'SPEGTALT The Cap is worth . .25 " I•' / \Y •
Men's Furnishings. SPECIAL T Mp&iiX:-* f 1/1
PERCALE SHIRTS, $I.oo— New el. STR WORSTED &A n r The Suit of Underwear is 1 I j/, s
fee* stripes and bars, checks and TROU SERS, all sizes $1.65: -"!■•■•••■■•■.- I_!^ /If
plaids ; each shirt has separate cuffs. ■■-?-• ■'■-'■■ ■- ' ' - ' TOTAL $7*50 : • ' ' I**
underwear, 50 ets.— Natural wool, Boys* Caps, 25c and 50c. . J ;*' '. " '"7«" ' ! , • »,„„ ' ■— • ■'
, derby ribbed and camels' hair gar- Golf and Sailor Caps, new And M Other S Boy Can have THE <^k'J22[
merits, all well made; per garment 50c. and pretty designs. ENTIRE OUTFIT this Week for... **43Jr y^
S. N. WOOD & CO., 7iB £?? r rr e k # t t
CUBANS GIVE
GENERAL WOOD
MUCH TROUBLE
Leaders Clamor for
Offices.
RIVAL FACTIONS QUARRELING
EACH WANTS ALL FEDERAL
APPOINTMENTS.
Insurgents Refuse to Lay Down
Their Arms and Strut About the
Towns in Full War
paint.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANZANILL.O, Oct. 30.— The visit of
General Leonard Wood, Governor of
the Military Department at Santiago,
has been instrumental in bringing: all
the elements among the Cubans to the
front. No fewer than 2000 insurgents
have come forward, of whom 600 are
officers who want offices, and their
clamors amount almost to a demand.
There are two leading factions, one
headed by General Jesus Rabi and the
other by General Rios. At present
most of the offices are held by repre
sentatives of the Rabi faction, includ
ing the mayoralty and the custom
house inspectorship. General Wood, in !
order to pacify the Rios faction, has
given them six positions on the rural
police force and turned over to one of
their people the lighthouse at Cape
Cruz, together with several other minor
appointment's. But neither party is sat
isfied, each thinking that it ought to
have all the offices. General Rios j
does not dare express his opinion of i
General Rabi publicly, but he feels that j
this is his district, as he has had the
nominal charge of it for three years,
and that it ought to belong to him so j
far as appointments of Cubans to office
are concerned and all the more so be
cause he represents General Garcia.
The majority of the insurgents here
have no money and go about living
from hand to mouth and wondering
what will happen next. Armed men
are not allowed rations. As the Cubans
will not disband and will not work,
nothing remains for them but to strut
about the city with machetes and re
volvers. .' > -- Vj
Some of them are nearly naked; oth
ers appear in long legged patent leather
boots with silver spurs, carrying su
perbly wrought Toledo machetes. A few
wear immaculate white suits and pan
ama hats. They are for the most part
the New York contingent.
Except when he is on board the gun
boat Hist, which brought him here,
General Wood is besieged by these
seekers of office. Among the interviews
he has had was one with General Rios,
who wanted the Mayor of Manzanillo,
one of Rabi's faction, dismissed and his
own man appointed to ' th«£ mayoralty.
General -Wood- askott on *fhat gmunds
the dismissal could be su? rained. Said
he: I
"Is not the Mayor a competent offi
cer? Has he not an excellent reputa
tion? Did he not serve bravely and
effectively throughout the war?" •
To all of this General Rios replied in
the affirmative, but he insisted that his
own nominee was entitled to the posi
tion because he was a Rios man. The
interests of the city, the locality, were
apparently minor considerations in the
mind of the Cuban commander. But
this appears to be the case everywhere
among the Cuban insurgents.
General Wood and Colonel P*ttit re
gard the outlook as rather discourag
ing. Still they hope that some means
may soon be found to break up the Cu
ban army. The members of the rank
and file are anxious to go to work, but
the leaders refuse to allow them to do
so, and the men do not dare to do so,
as they would certainly be shot if cap
tured.
General Wood Is hoping that the j
other towns he will visit on his trip
around the province will not present
the same vexatious conditions as pre
vail here, where the Cuban problem is
presented in a very difficult form, the
most difficult he has yet encountered.
It was necessary to send a detach
ment of the Fourth Immune Regiment
and insurgents to the Reina plantation
in order to compel the armed Cubans
to allow men to work there. The under
taking, however, proved successful,
and 200 men are now regularly em
ployed.
The latest advices from Santa Cruz
del Sur, the meeting place of the Cuban
Assembly, do not report the arrival
there of General Gomez, .but there are
persistent rumors that the friends of
Gomez who are delegates to the Assem
bly wil endeavor to embarrass General
Calixto Garcia and his supporters.
Lieutenant Young and the officers of
the Hist have been most enthusiastic
ally welcomed here by the Cubans, who
are grateful for the help many times
extended to them. The gallant little
boat during the war was as much an
object of enthusiasm and love to the
Cubans along the coast as of fear to
the Spaniards. Lieutenant Young has
formally claimed on behalf of the
United States navy the wrecks of the
Spanish gunboats which are ashore or
sunk by the United States gunboats in
the engagement off Manzanillo on
July 1.
After a conference with Colonel Pet
ttt regarding the management of the
district General Wood left for Santiago
at noon to-day on board the Hist. On
Wednesday next he will proceed to
Guantanamo, from which point, after
first returning to Santiago, he will
leave for the north coast of the prov
ince, to be gone probably a week or ten
days.
Two companies of Colonel Pettifs
immunes are to be sent immediately to
Bayamon. —
FISHERIES QUESTION
A HARD NUT TO CRACK
British, Canadian and American
Commissioners About to Re-
sume Their Labors.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: Ne-
I gotiations for the settlement of all pend
ing questions between the Uniteu States,
Great Britain and Canada will be re
sumed on Tuesday, when the inter
national commission having the matter in
charge will reassemble here.
The work of the commission was dis
cussed on Thursday last by Secretary
Hay and Sir -Julian Pauncefote. when the
j British Emhassador called at the State
I Department. It is the expectation of both
! officials that the commission will finally
| determine all questions before them dur
ing the coming Bession, and it is hoped
that they will have completed their labors
and drawn up a treaty for presentation
j to their respective governments before
! the Christmas holidays.
The Bering Sea seal question will be
one of the first to be disposed of. It is
the understanding of officials that this
question will be settled dv the purchase
' by this Government of the vessels and
| outfits of Canadian sealers, provided that
i pelagic sealing is thereafter prohibited.
The British Commissioners estimated the
' expense of such action would aggregate
; 1750,000, but it is expected a proposition
will be made that this Government pur
i cbase the vessels and outfits of the
Canadians for about $300,000.
I am told that the Alaskan boundary
question is in a satisfactory state of ne
gotiation. The fisheries question will be
a hard nut to crack, the British and
Canadians having demanded concessions
which are not acceptable to the American
Commissioners.
CHRYSANTHEMUM SHOW.
Bewildering Display of Choice Varie
ties at Pittsburg.
FITTSBfRG, Oct. 30.— Notwithstanding
the miserable rainy weather to-day, fully
ROOO people attended the opening of the
chrysanthemum show at the Phlpps C«n
servntory. 6-!ifV' •'^The exhibition
H paid by (■ s the finest and
largest ever ;?urg.
There are ' iltivated to per
fection and ijr that is most
j leaning to le 300 varieties
that are i >ut sixty are
new. Pro if made an
experimeir -ing there all
the know . chrysanthe
mum. He and obtained n
number of • He took all the
plants thaftwert in his collection
and presented th'-. .he conservatory
here, throwing the . away.
_ ,
Jury-Briber Seb Free.
SAN QI'ENTIN, Oct. 30.— 7'illiam J.
Hurley, the notorious jury briber, was set
free yesterday, having, served a live
year term. After his sentence Hurley
tried the insanity dodge, and while con
fined in the County Jail at San Francis
co, tried to batter his brains out against
the walls of his cell. He refused to eat
until he was considerably emaciated. Af*
ter he reached the penitentiary Hurley
made a fairly good prisoner and spent
most of his time working in the jute mill.
TO BUILD CANAL
IN THREE YEARS
Syndicate's Promise to
Nicaragua.
PRESIDENT ZELAYA'S REPORT
HE BELIEVES THE AMERICANS
_ MEAN BUSINESS. -'.
One Hundred Thousand Dollars in
Gold Deposited to Bind Them .
to the Fulfillment of
Their Contract. ,
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA, via Galveston, Oct. 30..—
The Herald's correspondent at Man
agua cables that President Zelaya, in
his message to Congress, called in ex
traordinary session, presents clearly
the Nicaragruan vtew of the situation,
shared alike by Government and peo
ple. In substance he said:
"I shall give you an account of the
promise of the .contract for the open
ing of an inter-oceanic canal through
our isthmus, granted to Messrs. Cragin
and Eyre, representing a syndicate of
American capitalists. The Govern
ment has formed a clear and well-de
fined opinion that the Cardenas Meno
cal contract of March, ISB7, has been
forfeited for non-fulfillment of its most
essential claims and for the abandon
ment of work for nine consecutive
years.
"The promise made to Messrs. Cragin
and jiyre is based on the security of
the reputation and standing of the par
ties we are dealing with and on the de
posit of $100,000 in gold.
"It is true the contract of ISS7 prom
ises the canalization of Tipitapa River,
betwen Lakes Managua and Nicaragua,
but Messrs. Cragir. and Eyre offer
something more positive in the line of
inter-oceanic transportation from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, that will be
completed three years after the new
company is organized."
PORTO RICO DEMANDS
TERRITORIAL RIGHTS
Delegates From Principal Towns of
the Island Meet at San Juan
and Resolve.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISOS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Oct. 30.—Dele
gates from the chief towns of the island
met this afternoon in the principal
theater to consider and draft recom
mendations regarding the necessities of
the island for special commissioners, who
will be selected later, to represent Porto
Rico at Washington.
The meeting received with enthusiasm
resolution? demanding territorial rights,
cessation of present military rule and in
stallation of regular civil government.
Other resolutions were adopted asking an
eight-hour day for the laboring man and
severely denouncing the present corrupt
system of registering deeds of land.
It was obvious that the delegates pro
ceeded upon the assumption that the
United States would grant territorial
rights to Porto Rico.
PBECATJTION AGAINST RIOTING.
Bull Fight and Ball Game Stopped at
Havana.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Cuba, Oct. 30.— A bull fight
and bapeball game advertised for to-day
were vetoed by the Civil Governor, the
former owing to alleged fraudulent means
used in advertising it and the latter be
cause a license to play was not obtained.
These are the official reasons given, but
the real reason was probably to pre
vent trouble with soldiers and "the fear of
a riot.
Two Earthquax* Shocks.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 30.— Two shocks of
earthquake were felt yesterday morning
at 7 o'clock. No damage was done
The vibrations were from southwest to
northeast, the first being the stronger.
ADVERTISEMENTS. v ■ ,
GAGE and NEFF
Why California Should
Sustain President
' McKinley's Admin-
istration.
THE ELOQUENT OSATOR,
HZOIsT.
Webster Davis
OF MISSOURI,
Assistant Secretary of the Interior,
WILL PRESENT THE
:
National Issues
AT . . . , t ,
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
TO-NIGHT!
poo. Van R. Patsrson Will Preside.
I r , frank Mclaughlin.
Chairman' Republican Ttate Central Com-
mittee.
, . . E. C. HART, Secretary.
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICT MEETINGS.
MAYOR PHBLAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY,
DR. WASHINGTON DODGE
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL ADDRESS THE VOTERS ON THH
ISSUES OF THE DAY ON
MONDAY, OCTOBER 31,
AT
Thirty-second— Potrero Opera House. Ten-
nessee street, between Seventeenth and Eigh-
teenth.
Thirty-second— Central Hotel, 530 Third
street.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 1.
Fortieth ßichmond Hall, Fourth avenue and
Clement street.-
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee. . -
M. jasper McDonald, Chairman.. -
THOMAS J. WALSH. Secretary. . •
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. FHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAN .
NOMINEE.
FOR...
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
V PARTISAN NOMINEE.
FOR. m m
PUBLIC.
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FEEESE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE. ~
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
r.ErTT^LICAN. NON-PARTISAN ATD ■ POP-
ULIST NOMINEE.
V| xy yr * FOR
WesLm county clerk.
We. a. deane,
COUNTY CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
ff . REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE,
ASA R. WELLS,
F-OR AUDITOR.
Republican, Non-Partisan and Citizens' Re-
publican Nominee. .Voting Number. 7. •
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . . :
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
i^IODES BORDEN
UNCUHBENT.) '
DEMOCRATIC. NON-FAUTISAN AND PEO-
- '; PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE.
FOR AUDITOR... -
JGHNH.GRADY
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC "A: .D PEOPL.E'3
PARTY NOMINE.3.
VOTE FOR. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL
FOR CORONER
AND THK DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED.
OR. ED. E. HILL
■■■■' Fop CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE" «
■f_ ,• PARTY NOMINEE. ■■■■■ .
34
MONDAY OCTOBER 31, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKEUS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications, to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. & p.
■ Telephone Main 1?68.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
*-HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tljls c|ty and surrounding towns j
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb .
66 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50 ;
OAKLAND OFFICE.. ■•■•■. »08 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB. World Buildinfi
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£*« Houa»
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Merquette Building j
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mootflomery street, corner Clay, j
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30 :
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open utjtll 9:30 o'clock. !
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market !
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-»«c»nd ana j
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Transit of Leo."
Columbia— "Sowing the Wind."
Alcazar — "Ambition."
M'in.sco's— "The Indian."
Tivoli— "Grand Duchess."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy Theater— "A Scrap of Paper."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy street! — Specialties.
The Chutes— Lillian F. Smith. Vaudeville and. the Zoo.
Sutros Jiaths — Swimming.
California Theater— "Kogan's Alley."
Sherman - Clay Hall— Concert Monday Evening.
Saratoga Hall— Anniversary Ball, Saturday, November 5
Oakland Uace Track— Races To-morrow.
Rosenthal — Coming in December.
fWOTriEK LULL IN TRADE.
LAST week in trade was hardly as favorable as i
its predecessor. True, the bank clearings
showed a material gain, being v per cent over |
tiiose for the corresponding week in 1897, and only !
t-wo cities of importance — Philadelphia and New Or- j
leans — recorded a loss of any consequence. The j
country's failures numbered 219, against 218 for the ;
same week in 1897, so the honors were about even j
in this respect; but the general condition of trade 1
was more unsettled and considerable uncertainty j
and reluctance to operate were manifested in the ,
large Atlantic cities.
The main cause of this was the Fashoda incident, |
which at one time looked acute, and rendered the
heavier lines of trade and speculation dull. But that
affair has now pretty well died away, hence those
lines that were affected by it ought to recover tone. l
. The leading staples, too, did not maintain the
improvement promised the week before. Cotton fell
back again and quieted down, it being manifest that
the American and European mills both have surplus
stocks of last year's high-priced cotton that they can
not profitably market in the present state of the trade.
The crop is not too large, but it is handicapped by
the free stocks on hand, and this of course depresses
the trade. Wool is in the same predicament. Stocks are
so heavy that it is no longer a question of profit with
manufacturers, but of avoiding loss. Concessions on
the part of holders have resulted in a large increase
in sales, but it is calculated by the National Wool
Association that a full year will be necessary to work
off the abundant supplies. The iron trade shows
little change, though the demand has certainly fallen
off of ite, and some descriptions exhibit a slight
decline. In other lines of industry the report is that
work is more plentiful, and in the State of New York
alone there are 52,000 more persons employed in the
leading industries than a year ago, but the same re
pert adds that the margin of profit to the manufac
turer is smaller.
While the colder weather has served to stimulate !
the distributive trade in the West and Northwest,
where for months it has been so active, bad roads, ;
f< [lowing rains, have offset this, so that this impor- i
hint factor is not making the showing that it did. I
Still, business in these sections is by no means dull.
The wheat trade is following the others in some
respect. The outward movement is large, but the
farmers are showing more disposition to sell than
they dkl last year, and there is some apprehension as
to the permanence of the foreign demand, though
this is something which cannot be foreseen a week
ahead. The feeling in Wall street is kept unsettled
by the foreign'complications arrd approaching domes
tic elections, though tlie market has made no pro
necmeed movement, either up or down.
The local situation is tame, but there is less rnonot- I
liny. Commodities which have been dormant for
some time are showing rather more movement. Pro- ■
visions, which have been uniformly dull for a long
time, are reported in improved demand, though there
is no improvement in prices. Livestock of all kinds t
is firm, and the tendency in quotations is rather up
ward than otherwise. Hides have weakened under
the proposed closing down of a number of Eastern
tanneries by the leather trust, and several kinds are
slightly lower. Canned fruits continue in demand,
both for. Eastern and foreign account, and in Eng
land the market is bare and very firm, with constant
call for replenishment of supplies. The reverse is to ;
be said of dried fruits, which continue very dull, with
a tendenpy in prices downward rather than upward.
Apparently a halt has been called iri the wine market, i
and, though grapes advanced to exceptionally fine
prices, they were somewhat weaker again at the close.
Wheat has been steadily weakening for some days, in
sympathy with the Eastern and foreign markets, and
the demand is not as brisk as a week ago. There
have been some changes in oils in the direction of
higher quotations.
While the financial market is not materially
changed, the political campaign tends to render
operators and financiers conservative until the out
come is determined. Nothing makes capital warier
nnd more reserve! than even the bare possibility that
the laws may be tinkered with by incompetent or
visionary theorist', who are always the reverse of
practical. Still, funds are in ample and accessible
supply for solvent borrowers at the normal rates of
interest, for the undercurrent of opinion is that com
mon sen«e will triumph over the gilded visions of
fickle and hair-brained enthusiasts.
Getting arrested on a change of fraud is a new
advertising dndpe. and we are inclined to think well
of the innovation. The only fault to be found is that
the enterprising young woman would not stay ar
rested.
Sharkey cam? near thrashing a lawyer in court at
New York the other day. Between him and a mem
ber of the legal fraternity there is naturally a rivalry.
Both live by the activity of the organs of speech.
THE WHITE MAN IN THE TROPICS.
WE have received many inquiries and some
criticism for our statement, in a recent series
of editorials on "Our Tropical Colonies," that
the only kind of people who will ever be found under
a vertical sun are those who are there now, and that
white men cannot colonize there and rear families.
! Criticism of this statement is natural, since our ac
quisition of land in the American and Asiatic tropics
has been continually analogized by its advocates with
our territorial expansion on this continent and within
the temperate zone. It is natural, under the circum
stances, for our people to look upon the tropical
islands as new territory, upon which they will settle
and found states and Anglo-Saxon institutions.
The Erglish Government has done everything to
encourage marriage between English soldiers and
white women in India, but Major teneral Bagnold,
reporting on the result, says: "We have never suc
ceeded in raising enough male children to keep the
regiment supplied with drummers and pipers." Dr.
Orgeas reports from French Guiana that 418 mar
riages were made there between Europeans from 1859
to 1882. Of these unions 215 were childless. The off
spring of the remaining 203 numbered 403 children, of
whom only 141 survived to represent the posterity of
836 married Europeans! These survivors were almost
uniformly creatures with small skulls, stunted in their
growth, wrinkled and afflicted with manifold defor
mities.
Max Nordau says: "The most virile and warlike
white peoples degenerate in the tropics in a few gen
erations, until they become so feeble and indolent,
so stupid and cowardly, so incapable of any resist
ance to vice and ruinous habits, that they are in time
scarcely more than shadows of their fathers and an
cestors, if they do not die out entirely from' barren
ness and disease. This was the fate of the noble Van
dals in a hot climate. As Germanic giants they con
quered Carthage, and a hundred years later as whining
weaklings they were driven out by the wretched By
zantines. The same phenomenon is observed to-day
whenever a tropical country is subdued by a people of
the Caucasian race. The Caucasian settlers between
the tropics, therefore, are doomed to deterioration;
they not only fail to advance the civilization they
brought with them, they even lose it entirely, and
soon have nothing left of their birthright but a de
based language and the self-conceit of the caste, none
of whose distinctive features physical or intellectual,
have been retained."
The same writer, supposing a progressive and con
tinuous yielding to the temptations of tropical con
quest, continues:
"In the presence of these degenerate starvelings the
vigorous immigrants entertain no scruples, and the
feeble resistance the former are able to oppose is not
worthy of consideration. A new .stratum of human
beings, needing land and sustenance, therefore
spreads out over these lands bathed in the sun's most
fervid rays, burying beneath it the previous layer
which has been dried up, and resuming the ineffectual
battle with the climate. The equatorial regions will
therefore perform the same function in the history of
man as in meteorology. In the same way as the cold
waters of the poles flow toward the equator, evaporate
there, and are sent back in the form of vapors and
clouds; in the same way the ocean's surface is low
ered by this evaporation, which lowering must be
counteracted by the arrival of new waters from the
cold regions; in the same way, finally, as the waters
of all the oceans- are thus kept in constant motion, the
respective rainfall upon the whole earth rcpnlnted
the remotest lands made fertile, so the si
the older civilized countries will flow to t
perish there, evaporate, as it were, and be r
a constant, flowing stream. The equator
a fearful caldron in which human flesh
evaporate. It will be a revival of the ant
of Moloch. The people? of the temperat
cast a portion of their children into the ja\ .is
fiery furnace; and thus manage to retain  * .1 iii
which to prosper and develop themselves, the pic
ture is horrible; the reality, however, is not. For it
is not a painful death to which the children of the
nations are condemned. A life of luxurious ease
smiles invitingly before them in the tropical climes;
soft breezes and waves envelop them; field and
forest offer them food in- abundance without compul
sion; existence seems easier and more delightful to
them there than to their fathers and brothers on the
refractory home soil; and with sweet, burning
kisses, to which they yield themselves in a volup
tuous ecstacy, the sun drains their life from every
pore. It is a death which every* effeminate nature will
prefer to the rude struggle for existence; it is a melt
ing and dissolving away, which is as delightful as an
cpium dream, and which is more likely to arouse
envy then pity."
Nordau, while indulging in speculation to a degree,
it will be seen is guided by the known physical facts
presented by the tropics. The white race enters them
to die. The decay of Spanish virility and current
events enforce the lesson. Nordau wrote in 1885,
thirteen years before our tropical war with Spain.
We met her under a vertical sun, where she has as
serted empire for three hundred years, to find her
blood mongrelized or degenerated, her language de
based and her people incapable of resistance. If we
try to take her place we take it with all the irrevocable
curses of nature upon it, and under the peculiar law
that dominates the Anglo-Saxon, which forbids to his
blood successful mongrelizing with the inferior races.
Spain has existed so long in the tropics by that pe
culiarity of the Vandalized and Gothicized Latin races,
that their blood can flow with that of the lower, dark
and tropical races. Ours cannot.
THE EFFECT OF MAGUIREISM.
AFTER reviewing the issues precipitated ir» the
campaign in this State by the nomination ot a
single tax agitator for Governor, the Phila
delphia Inquirer says: "The importance of this cam
paign lies in the effect that its results will have upon
national politics a few years hence. Should the
Democratic candidates win this fight upon the issues
indicated, the Pacific Coast will come to the Demo
cratic national convention with a single tax plank."
No man who has paid sufficient attention to his
tory to note the development of political movements
can doubt the accuracy of the forecast made by our
Philadelphia contemporary. The election of Maguire
in California would give an impetus to radical social
ism all along the line, and the next Democratic con
vention would put forth a platform in comparison
with which even the raving of the document adopted
by the Bryanites at Chicago would seem like con
servatism.
The effect upon the nation, however, would be
slight in comparison with the effect upon California.
With Maguire in the Governor's c'.iair the State would
become the storm center of all forms of radical and
extravagant agitation. Every industry would be
harassed, every interest threatened, every form of
property assailed and capital and labor alike would
be incessantly menaced.
The Inquirer says of Maguire: "While protesting
his adherence to the Chicago platform and his ad
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1898.
miration for Bryan, he is far, very far, ahead of both
on the logical path that Democracy has opened vp —
namely, the commune."
Such is the view taken of the single taxer's cam
paign by the people of the East. Those who study the
situation nearer at hand, however, know that before
the commune there would be a period oi lawless revo
lution and confiscation. The immediate effect of Ma
guireism would be a tendency to anarchy. A Governor
of the sandlotter type would in a single term of office
inflict injuries upon the State which it would require
years to efface.
THE CAT AND THE CANARY.
PEOPLE who in the closing week of the politi
cal campaign look about for the Phelan dickey
bird that has been so busy chirping his chicka
dee song of purity and reform will look in vain. Even
if they follow his traces to the Harney headquarters
they will hardly find more than the scattered feathers
of him, for there sits the Rainey cat with a grin that
means, "I have eaten the canary."
The catastrophe is not surprising. As long ago as
September 18 the Examiner, which seems to have
had the keen interest of proprietorship in the canary,
foresaw the danger and uttered the warning: "The
State Central Committee did an excellent thing in
upsetting Rainey, but that did not complete the
emancipation of the city."
On the next day it repeated the forebodings in
another form, saying: "Rainey is politically dead,
and the convention need not fear him unless by its
own acts it puts life in the corpse and makes a con
vention of the Harneyites a possible thing."
That which the fond keeper of the canary fore
saw has come to pass. Yesterday the Examiner de
clared: "On Friday evening the campaign commit
tee of what is known as the Harney branch of the
Democracy resolved that a meeting should be called
to consider the propriety of giving a united support
to the entire Democratic ticket. Major Harney him
self advocated such a course, and there is no question
that it will be followed."
On September 7 the Examiner, after declaring that
a Democratic primary election in the city would af
ford an opportunity for base bosses and their hench
men to commit all forms of fraud, such as "repeating,
false personation of voters, stealing ballot-boxes,"
etc., went on to say: "For the decent body of the
party to go into a primary, therefore, in competition
with the Rainey gang, would be as a man who
should go into the ring bound by all the rules of the
Queensberry code against a savage armed and free
from all restraints."
The Rainey gang has shown now that it can win
without a primary or even a voice in the selection
of party nominees, and the Examiner surrenders the
purity candidate to their greed without a murmur.
It even went so far yesterday as to say, "The action
of these Democrats (the Harneyites) is both pa
triotic and consistent."
"There are certain differences within the ranks of
the Democratic party," says the yellow organ in a
burst of candor. "Those differences will be adjusted
equitably. But the field of battle is not the place for
such adjustment."
Thus it appears the equitable adjustment is to be
done in secret. The canary is to be eaten behind
closed doors with the blinds pulled down. The ad
justment will be made, of course, at the expense of
the taxpayers. So many sinecures for this boss, so
much boodle for that.
In the meantime the peoplfe will recall the old
song-
A lady on the banws of the Niger
Went to ride, with a smile, on a tiicer.
They returned from the ride
With the' lady inside.
And a smile on the face of the tisrer.
0 TAINT OF THE BLOOD.
NOT long ago a man named Eubanks was hanged
for having killed his daughter.. It would ap
pear that he w^as a person of bad judgment.
He should have killed another daughter.
The girl he permitted to live recently swore that
she had been assaulted, and the unfortunate charged
with the crime was sentenced to twelve years in the
penitentiary. Now this guileless lass makes oath that
her testimony was perjured, a suspicion to this effect
having been raised by her threat to send a second
man to the penitentiary on a similar charge unless
he should advance a certain sum of money.
The conclusion is inevitable that the Eubanks girl
is a bad sort, but the question of what shall be done
with her arises, and the answer is not forthcoming.
There is no provision by which she can be elimin
ated. She has been bora into the world, and the world
must grin and bear it. She seems to have been born
under a curse, with a taint in her blood. Perhaps
sVie may be described as unlucky, but so may other
people who chance to come into contact with her.
When a mere child displays so vile a tendency,
when, hardly out of short skirts, she begins exercising
a power to deprive men of their liberty, it is plain
that she is a dangerous element in society. What is
society to do about it? She would demoralize a re
form school, and a prison sentence, unless for life,
would serve to make of her a worse criminal. The
Eubanks creature constitutes a puzzle. There is, of
course, the hope that she may die, but it is faint.
She does not belong to those who die young.
The death of Colonel George E. Waring is to be
regretted. Waring was one of the few men who, ap
pointed to a place of responsibility, devoted to his
duties the best efforts and the judgment of a ripened
experience. He kept New York clean, something
nobody else had ever done, and, being sent to Cuba
to study the sanitary conditions, contracted the yel
low fever, of which he died, as truly a martyr as
though he had given his life on the bloody field.
Word comes by telegraph that the Commissioners
in Cuba have been instructed that the removal of im
movable property there must ce;.se at once. We
should certainly think so. Also that if the Commis
sioners observe an irresistible force about to collide
with some of this immovable property they swear out
an injunction.
The Non-Partisans are not any deader than they
have been from the start, but they are beginning to
realize the futility of mixing up in a campaign with
live people.
The wearing of a silk hat is in itself no possible
objection to any candidate, but voters have a right
to inquire what is under the hat.
Knives are out for Phelan, but ;he most dangerous
blade in the lot is wielded by himself. The Mayor
seems bent on hara-kiri.
A Dutch reporter offered his arm to the Queen
and was hastily placed under arrest. They suspected
him of being loaded.
Cubans remain in an ugly mood not so much be
cause they love war as that they hate work.
THROWING SAND IN OUR EYES.
Editor The Cail: This is the chance of a lifetime. Perhaps never again
in our day shall the issue be so clearly denned between good government and
bad. On one side is Mr. Phelan and his subordinates, who are pledged to
give us good government and a low rate of taxation. On the other side are
the greedy corporations whose sole object is to bankrupt us with heavy
taxes and to loot the city treasury.
If we now vote for Mr. Phelan, and those who are pledged to let him
have his own way, we will have a good government, if not of the people and
by the people, at least for the people. We shall not have to pay taxes. The
corporations have so much property that they can support the expenses of
the municipality.
These are arguments which Mr. Phelan is using every day, and which
his Assessor, Mr. Dodge, has developed with praiseworthy industry and elab
orate charts. They are arguments that appeal to the plain citizen, to you
and to me. Politics come very close home to us when we have to pay taxes,
and we are naturally with the party that promises to reduce the tax rate.
In fact, no matter how we may enthuse about the Declaration of Indepen
dence, and about liberty, we are inclined to make experiments not exactly in
line with such enthusiasm when it is a question of saving several hard-earned
dollars. It is a very difficult thing to hold up one's head high and swell one's
chest with the air of freedom when there is a leak in our pockets.
But the plain citizen, like you and me, has very definite ideas about
money and money-getting. We do not pretend to deal with high finance, or
political economy, or the scientific basis of taxation. Single tax and double
tax do not make pleasant reading for us. We usually fall asleep, over the
deep discussions that these matters occasion. The only literature on taxation
that arrests attention and stirs our feelings is our own half-yearly tax bill.
But, at the same time, as we are plain people who are accustomed to
earn our money with hard labor, experience has taught us one fact, the funda
mental fact of political economy — you can't get something for nothing. As
citizens of this city we demand streets, sewers, parks, schools, lighting,
water, gas, protection against lawbreakers, a convenient and sure method for
securing title to our property, law courts, and the like. All these cost some
thing. They ,are benefits, and we must have them. When even the disciples
of good government come to us and tell us, "You can get them for
nothing, plain people like you and -me put on our considering caps and try
to puzzle the matter out.
NOW THE WAY IN WHICH ALL THIS IS TO BE
Is delightfully simple. There are several corporations engaged in supply
ing public utilities to the people. Thus we have a water company, a gas com
pany, a street railway company. These companies make their money out of the
people. If they are fairly taxed, the amount of money which they would
turn into the treasury would relieve the plain citizen, that is, you and me,
of the necessity of paying any taxes at all.
But here again the plain citizen is met with that rock bottom fact of
experience — you can't get something for nothing. Can there be anything in
the glorious climate of California that changes the laws of nature, or has Mr.
Phelan, or his Assessor, Mr. Dodge, discovered some kind of a financial
Keeley motor that will run a mint stamp when you whistle at it?
The plain citizen is well aware, by sad experience, that the great, quasi
public corporations have no private mines from which to draw the money
to run their system. Every time the conductor comes along with his inevit
able "Fare, please," it is borne in upon us that it is the plain citizen, you and
I, who must pay for the running of the motors, the repair of the tracks, the
salaries of the officials — aye, even of the remorseless conductor whose ob
ject is life seems to be to work off on us his stock ot plugged quarters
and Canadian dimes. Every cent of the money that these corporations
earn comes from your pocket and from mine. Therefore every cent that they
might, could, would or should turn into the treasury in taxes would come
out of your pocket, and out of mine. Even were Mr. Phelan and Mr.
Dodge sincere in their promises so to tax the corporations that the proceeds
of such tax would run the city government, still it would be the plain citizen,
you and I, who would pay these taxes in the end. You can't get something
for nothing honestly.
The only effect of such a line of procedure as that held up by Mr. Phelan
as a sure cure for all our woes would be to bring back the ancient Roman
system of taxation. In that republic it was not the custom that the taxes
should be collected by state machinery. The privilege of gathering taxes wa3
put up at auction, and the highest bidder became official tax-gatherer. His
bid paid all the exoenses of the Government, and for his profit he squeezed
all he could out of the people. The system was not economical; it was not
popular. It hai long been rejected by all enlightened • communities.^ The
plain citizen is not yet prepared to take the power of taxation from its own
representatives. Now he has some control of the affair. He has not such
confidence in the street railroad companies that he is prepared to turn over
this important branch of the government to its hirelings.
BUT NO DOUBT MR. PHELAN AND HIS ASSESSOR
Will say we are going too far. and too fast. The prices of street car
transportation, water and gas are regulated by law. Therefore the com
panies cannot increase the rates, and the extra taxation will come out of
their profits. In other words, the plain citizen will get more for the nickel
he pays the car conductor — lie will get not only his transportation, but also
a dividend from the city expenses.
Now the plain citizen, like you and me, has no objections to getting more
for his nickel. We wish to make our nickels go as far as possible; but, again,
we are not fools. We scan very closely the machinery by which vve are to
get this increase in value. We have no desire to drop our nickel in the slot
and then find that the machinery is loaded against us.
To put the matter plainly, because the plain citizen believes that he must
see plainly if he would understand, let us take the case of the street railroad.
You and I pay a nickel for transportation from one point to another. Let
us suppose that of that nickel, under the present arrangement, two cents go
to the expenses of the company, two cents to the profits of the shareholders,
etc.. and one cent to the city in taxation. Now Mr. Phelan's cry is that the
proportion should be different. As it now stands the plain citizen gets for
his nickel two cents' worth of transportation, and his share in the one cent's
worth of city work. Mr. Phelan says add another cent to the taxation and
the citizen will receive in effect four cents for his nickel, while the company
will get only one. ■
This is a very taking cry, but the plain citizen looks at it with consider
able suspicion. If is too easy. Mr. Phelan says all this can be done and
shall be done by electing him as Mayor, and his assistant, Mr. Dodge, as
Assessor. The Assessor will simply say the word and the trick is done.
Plain citizens fight shy of magicians. They may won-der at the man who can
produce $5 gold pieces out of an empty pocket, but they take particular
good care to keep at a safe distance from his nimble .fingers. It may do no
harm, even though the subject is dry. to look a little closer at Mr. Dodge's
chart.
His campaign cry is that he can reapportion the component parts of the
nickel. Now two cents go to expenses, two cents to profit, and one cent to
taxes. He will change it to two cents for expenses, two cen'.s for taxes and
one cent for profit. Now here is the funny part of it. The minute the •
five-cent piece leaves the hands of the plain citizen it goes into the possession
and control of the street railroad company. No. one except the street rail
road company can henceforth lay a hand on it. It is divided and apDor
tioned solely and entiely by the corporation. How one cent is allotted or
where two cents are put is. decided, not by Mr. Phelan, not by Mr. Dodge, riot
by you or me. but by the officials of the company or combine.
Now Mr. Phelan and Mr.- Dodge have worn out the English. language in
telling of the viciousness of corporations. The plain citizen, of course, takes
their remarks with a grain of salt, but neither you nor I have much confi
dence in corporations. They are looking out for their, own interests, and
where our interests and theirs clash, they, will take care of their own if they
have the management of the affair.
But Mr. Phelau and Mr. Dodge. afe of such a mild and Christian char
acter that they
NOT ONLY LOVE THEIR ENEMIES, THEY TRUST THEM.
They hand over the. nickel of the plain citizen to the corpora
tion, and they expect the corporation so to divide it as to
lessen the corporation's -'•ofits. The plain citizen knows that
there is another combination possible with the cents of the
nickel. Now it is two cents' worth of transportation, two cents to profit, one
cent to taxes. Mr. Phelan imagines that by shaking a row of figures at the
Octopus and saying "Shoo!" he can change the combination into a two cent
ride, one' cent profit and two cents taxes. The plain citizen knows very well
that' the result will inevitably be. as long as the corporation has the alloting
of the cents — one cent's worth of transportation, two cents' worth of profit to
the company, and two cents' worth of taxation to the politicians. No matter
how the assessment may be increased, it is the plain citizen that will bear the
burden.
' Now it may be objected that the companies cannot afford to cut down
their running expenses. Can't'thev? The plain citizen would like to know
anything in the shape of retrenchment that a corporation is not capable of
if it wishes to save its profits. You and I have no desire to go into long rows
of figures. We can't understand them ourselves, and we suspect that the
fellow who is talking so glibly does not understand them, either. We go on
the common sense proposition that once we let the nickel go out of our hands
into the power of the railroad company,, the railroad company will take good
care that if any one is to suffer it will be the plain people, you and I. The
taxes may be raised, but the profits will remain the same. The only difference
will be that we won't get so much as before.
Of course the plain citizen wants more for his nickel, but the way to get
it is not by handing it over to a railroad company to divide, but by mak
ing the division himself. Let him hold on to his nickel, and if he thinks
the ride is not worth five cents, he has. his Legislature with power to make
it four, or three, or two, or one. Plain people know well that if the railroad
company is making illegitimate profits, and it may be for all we know, the
way to fight it is by an agitation for lower fares, and not by electing Mr.
Phelan Mayor or Mr. Dodge Assessor.
What is true of the railroad is true of the water company and the gas
company, and of every > uasi-public corporation. The plain citizen is anxious
to get their services as cheaply as possible, and because of that anxiety he
lends a ready ear to those who promise him great things for a little exertion.
Mr. Phelan knows this is a popular cry, and he promises a relief from
heavy burdens if we elect him and his Assessor. The plain citizen does not
object to the relief, but he does object to the man who says he can do what
every one kno- he cannot. Mr. Phelan is not sincere. He is using a false
cry as a decoy. The plain citizen is afraid of hypocrite who are looking
for power. False in one thing, false in all, applies to professional purists
as well as to liars. If they are throwing dust in the eyes of the public now
it is because they wish the public to bend when their real designs are put
in action. The plain citizen may not be a very great statesman, but he knows
enough to detect a stalking horse. A PLAIN CITIZEN.
NUMBER NINE.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
S. E. Blddle, a bankeYofHanford.Js^at
the Lick.
F. M. West, a banker of Stockton, is at
the Grand.
P. J. Murphy, a mining man of Flag
staff, Ariz., is at the Russ.
D. C. Mitchell, .a merchant of Moscow,
Idaho, is a guest at the Grand.
E. E. Bush, a real estate agent and
land owner of Hanford, is at the Lick.
Colonel F. M. Taylor, manager of the
Hearst estate at San Simeon, is at the
Occidental.
M de Pous and M. Montaut of Paris,
governmental agents of France, now on
their way to Tahiti, are guests at the
Palace.
E. F. Hutchiris, John L. Hoagland and
Charles Hatch returned from the Klon
dike yesterday on the steamer Portland,
each with his" little pile.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Rio de la Plata, a small Spanish
craiier^ofiare tons, was launched last
month at Havre. Her cost was defrayed
by public subscription of loyal Spaniards
in the Argentine Republic. The cruiser
Will have 7100 horse power and a speed
of twenty knots, and carries a light Bat
tery.
The only Russian navy order given to
England of the contracts distributed over
Germany, France and the United States
is one torpedo-boat destroyer of thirty
knots, to be built at Laird's. She will be
similar to those built by the same firm
for the British navy, and which nave
proved exceptionally speedy.
The Philomel, British cruiser of 2575
tons and built eight years ago, has had a.
refit and passed through a natural
draught trial. She developed 4798 horse
power and 16.3 knots, an improvement
upon her original performance. The
Sirino, on the other hand, also built In
IS9O, fell over Tie knot short on a recent
trial, as compared with her speed seven
years ago. *-*
A Cammell steel armor plate 11.8 inches
thick and treated by the Krupp-Harvey
process was tested last month at Sno
buryness, near Woolwich. Three Holtxer
armor-piercing shells of twelve-inch di
ameter and 720 pounds weight were nrea
against the plate at iB6O feet per second
velocity, but none of the shots penetrated
the plate more than to a depth of four
inches and the shells broke up. There
were no cracks in the plate and only a
fine hair line was visible after the third
shot, extending from the point of impact
toward the upper edge. The lot, of which
the plate tried was a test piece, was ac
cepted, the trial being considered highly
satisfactory.
An armored cruiser of 9517 tons and
19.600 horse power is to be built at l'Qrient
for the French navy. She -will be 460 feet
length, 63 feet 4 inches beam and have
a draught of 24 fet 7 inches. The arma
ment will consist of two 7.6-inch breech
loaders, and the following rapld-nrers:
eight 6.4-inch, four 3.9-inch, sixteen six
pounders and six three-pounders, milking
a total of thirty-six guns, and there will
be two underwater torpedo tubes. This
new ship, to be named La Gloire, is of the
same displacement as the Guyedon, also
building at l'Orient, but is longer and
has a little less beam. Their speeds are
twenty-one knots, but in the La Gloire
the horse power is 600 less than in the
Guyedon, her finer lines enabling twenty
one knots to be reached with less power.
The estimated cost is $4,043,000.
Sweden is acquiring quite a navy, and
all of its armored vessels are built in
home yards, at Stockholm and Gothen
burg. The latest additions are Njord,
Odin and Thor, coast defense turret
ships. They are identical in dimension*
«uid displacement, beine 179 feet in length,
forty-nine feet six inches benm and
sixteen feet six inched draught
and displacement 3400 tons. The Odin,
built in 1896, averaged 16.8 knots during
a six-hours' trial. Their armor belt is of
steel ranging from twelve to 'our inches
in thickness, equal to a thickness of Iron
from fifteen to five inches. The arma
ment consists of two 9.8-inch Carret guns,
four 4.7-inch quick-firers, ten slx-pounders
and one torpedo tube, and their comple
ment is 210. Other armored vessels are
undergoing refits and changes in batter
ies, the Swea having- 4.7-inch quick-firers,
taking the place <<f the old six-Inch
breech-loaders. The John Ericsson, al
though built in 1865, has also been re
constructed and most of armored gun
boats have likewise been thoroughly re
paired and rearmed with modern ord
nance. _^^__^___
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rt> at Townsend's"
Genuine eyeglasses, specs, 10c, 40c. 81
4th. Look out for No. 81, next grocery. •
•—• — •—•• — •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"There are no birds in last year*
nests," says a poet. True — and, by the
•way, thero are no nests for next year's
birds. '
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over flftv years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and as:v for Mra.
"Wlnslow'B Soothing Syrup. 2Gc a bottle.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car is nicely upholstered in leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Oooa
via Shasta route and Northern PaclQo Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rate*.
T. K. Stateler. general agent. 638 Market «t.
San Francisco.
HOTEL DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only WO by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 80 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
The man who makes the most display
about giving up his seat to 4 lady In a
crowded car always does so just as tha
car reaches his destination.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver 6.000,000 Boxss
FOS BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISOBDEBB
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Coetiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE EEUEP
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PI 1,1,8, taken as direct-
ed, will auickly restore Females to com-
plete- health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hare tho
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine in the Worla.
250. at all Drue Stores.DRIVEN FROM
HOME BY A
CRUEL PARENT
Sad Story of Two
Neglected Girls.
FOUND ASLEEP IN THE PARK
ACCUSE THE FATHER OF CAST
ING THEM ADRIFT.
Discovered by a Policeman, They Are
Taken to the City Prison
and Given a Place
to Sleep.
"With tear-stalr.ea faces and bedraggled
appearance two girls were led into the
City Prison yesterday morning by a po
liceman who had found them sleeping in
Golden Gate Park. Amid spbs they gave
their names as Maud Snenker, aged 13,
and her sister, Lille, aged 14 years.
The officer had Desk Sergeant Brown
register their namps in the lodgers' book,
as they were without a home.
According to the story of the unfor
tunate girls they recently arrived here
from the interior with their father. They
were almost penniless, but through the
efforts of a friend their father secured
employment In a tannery in South San
Francisco.
Saturday night he returned home and
they say severely beat his eldest daugh
ter, and when her sister interfered that
he also abused her and finally drove them
from the house. They appealed to him
not to cast them adrift as the night was
cold and they were without money to
rent a room, but they were turned away
and the door was shut in their faces.
They say their father threatened to kill
thi m if they did not go away.
With heavy hearts the girls left the
plnce. determined never to return. After
walking for several hours they found
lelves at the entrance to Golden
Park. Tired and footsore they re-
Bolved to Bleep on a bench until the
morningr. when I ::d -i d to make
efforts to procure employment.
They were awakened by a policeman,
who saw them enter the park, and
thinking they were lost he determined to
follow them.
After listening to their story the officer
took took them to a restaurant, where
they were given something to eat. Rather
than accompany the policeman to their
home, where he intended to take them,
the girls asked to be sent to the police
station. They were at once taken to the
City Prison and given in charge of the
matron.
"I cannot understand why father turn
ed us out," remarked one of the sisters
yesterday. "He was always so kind to
us. I suppose we are in his way and he
is anxious to get rid of us. If we could
get something to do I know we could
earn sufficient money to at least buy
food and a place to sleep."
Honored Their Commander.
Mrs. Ella P. Jacobs, lady commander
of Mission Hive, left last Wednesday on
a visit to her home in Illinois to be ab
sent about, four months. At the last held
review of the hive the members gavo
Mrs. Jacobs a surprise party, and it
proved a very enjoyable affair. Mr.'.
Jacobs will be accompanied by her daugh
ter, who is also a member of the hive.
Picnic at Shell Mound.
The eighth grand annual day and moon
light picnic r.f the Swedish-American
Political Club was given at Sh»ll Mound
Park yesterday. The band left for the
park on the 1 p. m. boat. Dan^ins was
continued until 11 p. m.
ADVJSRTISEJGENTS.
THE ILLS OF WOMEN
And How Mrs. Pinfcham Helps
Overcome Them.
Mrs. Mary Bolltngkr, 1101 Marianna
St., Chicago, 111., to Mrs. Pinkham:
"I have been troubled for the past
--- two years with falling of the womb,
leucorrhoea, pains over my body, sick
headaches, backache, nervouwiess and
weakness. I tried doctors and various
remedies without relief. After taking
two bottles of your Vegetable Com-
pound, the relief I obtained was truly
wonderful. I have now taken several
more bottles of your famous medicine,
and can say that I am entirely cured."
Mrs. HexryDorr, No. 806FindleySt M
Cincinnati, Ohio, to Mrs. Pinkham:
"For a long time I suffered with
chronic inflammation of the womb,
pain in abdomen and bearing-down
feeling. Was very nervous at times, and
so weak I was hardly able to do any-
thing. Was subject to headaches, also
troubled with leucorrhcea. After doc-
toring for many months with different
physicians, and getting no relief, I had
given up all hope of being well j
again when I read of the great good !
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- j
pound was doing. I decided immedi- i
ately to give it a trial. The result was
simply past belief. After taking four :
bottles of Vegetable Compound and
using three packages of Sanative Wash
I can say I feel like a new woman. I
deem it my duty to announce the fact
to my fellow sufferers that Lydia I
E. Pinkham's Vegetable remedies have
entirely cured me of all my pains and
suffering \ I have her alone to thank ;
for my recovery, for which I am grate- j
fuL May heaven bless her for the
good work she is doing for our sex."
n^&Z'U/ WHEN YOU
Require an ELEC-
Ifejfc^v^^J^fTßlC BELT gel "Dr. i
Vs^fijS®%g£- Pierces" and you will
~~-^fc_ ™ N not be disappointed.
/j.™ Call or address PIERCE j
ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mark»t st. (opp. Palace Hotel), S. F.
__?^ — ■*
Purely vegetable. . mild and reliable. Cau*.
perfect digestion, complete absorption and !
healthful regularity. ■_ -. _■•■■ • .■ . .^-"-V; * nu
For the cure of all disorder* of the Stomach '•
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. FemaU l 7 i
regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness Con- I
•tipatlon. Piles and all derangements -of th» i
Internal Viscera. 25 eta, a box. At Drurjriat*. !
or by mail. RADWAT & CO.. New Tort ~V i
FIREMAN FATALLY INJURED.
Michael Kelleher of Truck 3 While at Prac
tice Falls From a Ladder a Distance
___ of Thirty Feet
AN unfortunate slip of the foot caused the death of Michael Kelleher,
a fireman connected with Truck 3. on Market street, near Tenth, yes
terday morning.
The members of the company were at practice at the Moulder Primary
School, Page and Gough streets, about 7 o'clock. An extension ladder was
placed against the wall of the school building facing Page street, and the
men ran up It to the__roof. The ladder is thirty feet long with an exten
sion of fifteen feet. It topped the roof by about six feet.
Kelleher was the sixth man to come down the ladder from the roof.
He held on by the sides instead of the rounds, and when he reached the ex
tension and placed his foot down it slippped and the jar threw him round.
He clutched at the ladder with his disengaged hand, but the momentum
was too gTeat and he fell, making two complete somersaults before striking
the ground. He fell on his left side, and the force was so great that he
rebounded about two feet. He fell a distance of about thirty feet.
He was picked up in an unconscious condition and taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital in the ambulance, where it was found that his skull was
fractured, his left hip bone shattered, and there was a compound frac
ture of the left arm, besides lacerations of the scalp and eyebrow and in
ternal injuries. Dr. Botkin, the physician for the department, had been
summoned, and at the request of Assistant Chief Dougherty he had Kelle
her removed to St. Mary's Hospital. Kelleher died a few hours later.
The Coroner was notified, and agreed that the body should be taken to the
parlors of an undertaker.
Kelleher was a shoemaker by trade and lived with his wife and two
children at 1007 Natoma street. He was 35 years of age. He was a substi
tute for an extraman and had only been in the department as such for
about six weeks.
OSBORNE WINS THE TROPHY.
Awarded the Decision for the Best
Essay on Temperance and
Patriotism.
At the annual rally and essay con
! tost of the Second District of th«
; League of the Cross, held yesterday af
1 ternoon at Mission Parlor Hall, Arthur
' Osborne of St. Joseph's Parish, won the
' silver medal as the best essayist on the
' subject of "Temperance and Patriotism."
! His opponents in the contest were Lieu
tenant Gardner of Company B, of St.
Charles Parish, and Thomas Keegan of
Company L, of the Mission Dolores.
The judges, who decided the merits of
the three essays read, were Miss E.
Macaulay, Professor Lawrence Taaffe
1 and Stephen L. Sullivan. In rendering the
deci6lon those who made It expressed the
extreme difficulty which they found in
j singling out and selecting the best paper.
I There were many points, however, partic
; ularly the delivery and the style, in Os
borne's essay which won for him and |
his parish the silver trophy of victory.
The medal was presented by the Rev. ■
Father O'Ryan of St. Marys Cathedral.
J The Rev. C. E. O'Neill, of St. Charles
Parish, delivered the principal address of I
. the occasion on the subject of intemper- ;
I ance and its baneful effects upon the en- '
tire nation, society generally and the ;
home.
In conjunction with the essay contest, ;
1 an entertaining programme was rendered, j
; including many instrumental and vocal ]
: selections.
Among the many who made this feature
of the rally a success are the following.
Misses Minnie and Ella Flannery, George
F. Hqane, George F. Johnston and Dr.
Joseph I. Richards?.
The rally was concluded with an oral
prayer by the cadets, led by Father
O'Ryan.
PLAYS AND MUSIC.
"Hogan's Alley" Introduced the Fa-
mous Yellow Kid at the Cali
fornia Last Night.
The Sunday night openings at the Cali
fornia are becoming quite popular. Last
night "Hogan's Alley," a farce comedy
founded on Outcault's famous Yellow
Kid was largely attended and well re
ceived. The "Kid" himself, Hogan, Bro
.#an. Luke Alex, Alex and George, the
parrot and other characters have been
more or less laughably translated to the
stage, and there are plenty of girls and
lively music. "Finnegan's Ball' is the
attraction to follow.
William Armstrong, for many years
music critic of the Chicago Tribune and
one of the eminent musical authorities of
America, is here giving lectures under
the auspices of the Charming Auxiliary.
His second lecture, "British Song Com
posers," which he delivered in London
last year, with vocal illustrations by
Nordics., takes place Tuesday evening in
the Unitarian church.
Mr. and Mrs. Max Helnrich and Miss
Julia Heinrich announce a third and fare
well series of recitals at the Y. M. C. A.
Auditorium, corner of Mason and % Ellis
streets, for Tuesday and Friday even-
Ings and Thursday and Saturday after
noons.
R. A. Lucchesi, critic and composer,
gave a most enjoyable recital of his re
cent compositions on Thursday afternoon
in the Sherman & Clay Hall.
For the Operating Boom.
A charming entertainment was given in
the Maclean Hospital, Douglass and
Eighteenth streets, last Tuesday evening
for the benefit of the operating room.
Fifty couples were present who listened
to an excellent programme of songs, reci
tations and instrumental music con
tributed by Miss Cook, Miss Young, Miss
Ethel Young. Mrs. Dimond, Dr. Crawford
and others. Refreshments were then par
•aken of and the floor was cleared for
dancing. The affair was a great suc
cess. _
Smith's Dandruff Pomade
Will cure eczema, dandruff and itching
scalp. Guaranteed to give satisfaction.
Price BOc at all drug stores. Sample sent
free by Smith Bros^ Fresno. Cal. •
The Class Struggle.
The Socialist Labor party held a meet
ing last night at Washington Hall, which
was taxed to its capacity. Several papers
were read, all on the class struggle. The
lecture of the evening was delivered by
Thomas Beresford. who said that all the
evils of modern society could be traced
back to the demarcation of classes and
the consequent struggles.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and oold tub bathe. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1898.
SLEEP WAS HIS UNDOING.
Romaldo Echerara Does Politics to
His Sorrow.
Romaldo Echerara was rudely awak
ened from a nap he was taking on the
roof of his front porch early yesterday
morning by Officers Backullch and
Peshon, who took the youth for a burglar.
His assertion that he was at his own
home was doubted by the policemen, and
while Backulich covered the supposed
burglar with his revolver, Peshon rang
the bell of the house, arousing Echerara's
mother, much to the disgust of the son,
who had taken up his position on the
porch in an endeavor to enter the house
without her knowledge.
Echerara took in a political meeting
early in the -evening, and incidentally
considerable liquor. He cheered for, and
drank to and with his favorite candidates
until quite late, and when every other
place was closed made his way toward
home. The road he found long and cir
cuitous, and when he finally reached his
domicile all efforts to find the keyhole
were unavailing. Fear of the wrath of
his mother prevented him from ringing
the bell and prompted him to scale a
pillar of the porch in the hope of finding
an unlocked window. The exertion or"
climbing to the roof of the porch added to
the sleepiness produced by his liberal po
tions of liquid refreshment of which the
young man had partaken, was his undo
ir.g. Falling asleep before he had gained
an entrance, the watchful officers spied
him. Just how he explained the matter
to his mother will perhaps .never be
known, but it is rumored that he has
foresworn politics.
MEMORIAL SERVICES.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Crocker and
Mrs. Metha Nelson Held in Mem-
ory at the Old People's Home.
The chapel at the Old People's Home,
on Pierce and Pine streets, was well filled
yesterday for the memorial service in
memory of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Crocker
and Mrs. Martha Nelson. The programme
was one fitting the solemnity of the serv
ice, and was as follows:
Organ prelude (Mendelssohn); Hymn 222.
"Jesui" Lover of My Soul," choir and congre
gation;' prayer. Rev. Charles E. Locke, D.D.;
"The Lord Is My Shepherd" (Dow), choir:
scripture lesson, 23d Psalm. John 14:1 Rev.
S H. Wllley. D.D.; Hymn 101. ."Jesus, Savior,
Pilot Me " choir and congregation; address.
Rev Robert Mackenzie, D.D.; bass • solo,
"Judge Me Not, O God" (Buck), Mr. George
B Mcßride; remarks. Rev. Charles McKelvey;
"I'm a Pilgrim and I'm a Stranger" (Maeston),
choir: Hymn 229. "My Faith Looks Up to
Thee choir and congregation ; benediction;
organ postlude (Lemraens). Professor Otto
Fleissner. organist and choirmaster; Mrs. Dow
Pardee Rlggs, soprano; Mrs. Olive Reed Cush
man contralto: Dr. Gilbert F. Graham, tenor;
Georga B. Mcßrlde. bags.
Medal Day at Harbor View.
The announcement made 'that the Har
bor View shooting range was about to be
closed had the effect of bringing a large
number of the members of the Swiss
Rifle Club to their monthly bullseye and
medal shoot. After their arrival they
were informed that there was no inten
tion to close the range and that the club
would continue its shooting for some time
to come. The best hullseye shot was
made by Jacob Bachmnn with a new
rifle. Joseph Fctz won second prize; Van
Wyll third; J. Schelbor. fourth; J. C.
Huizneinn. fifth; Al Gehret, sixth; A.
Monotti, seventh: A. Studer, eighth, and
R. Hauser, ninth. In the medal shooting
James Bachman of the champion class
"scored 410 points. A. Van Wyll of the
first class 295, G. R. Hauser of the second
class 377 and A. S. Btuder of the third
class 350. J. Leeman, shooting master,
was presented with a fine 32-caliber Win
chester by the members of the club.
St. John's Fair Will Close.
St. John's fair, which has been in pro
gress during the past three weeks at Old
St. Mary's College, on the Mission road,
will close to-night.
Captain Joseph Wessler, Company I, won
the sword offered for the most popular
captain of the League of the Cross Ca
dets. The prize for the most popular
man at the fair was won by Sergeant F.
Chambers.
The remainder of the articles in the
booths will be sold or raffled to-night.
You will find the latest things in wall
paper at Clark's. 653 Market street. •
Legislative Meeting.
The Democratic legislative nominees
will hold a Joint meeting In Metropolitan
Hall this evening, where Jhey will declare
themselves in regard to the legislative
situation. The Senatorial question will
also be touched upon.
J. J. Dwyer, J. V. Coleman, Frank J
Heney and M. F. Tarpey are expected to
speak, and there will be others to take
the platform.
Don't trifle with piles. They are danger
ous. Use "Anakesls' 1 at once and be cured*
BURGLARS RAID
MISS MALOFF`S
APARTMENTS
Expected to Make a
Rich Haul.
WERE AFTER HER NUGGETS
FRIGHTENED OFF BY A GTJEST
OF THE HOUSE.
The "Dancing Girl" of Dawson Vis
ited by Crooks — Police Are
Working on the
Case.
The police are searching for the perpe
trators of an unusually bold burglary
committed Saturday night in the Royal
Eagie House on Powell street.
Two of the rooms on the upper floor are
occupied by Freda Maloff, the "dancing
girl of Dawson City," as she is famil
iarly known to her friends, and Emma
Smith, who won fame and money in
Alaska by her sweet voice. The women
arrived here a short time ago and rented
apartments in the Royal Eagle. Miss Ma
loff displayed a number of nuggets which
she had received from her admirers in
Dawson City, and at once among the
guests in the house It was whispered that
the "dancing girl" had untold wealth
stowed away In her trunk. The stories of
her vast richness evidently incited the
cupidity of some thief, who determined
to rob her.
Last Saturday night Miss Maloff and
Miss Smith left the house soon after 8
o'clock to see the Republican parade.
They returned to their apartments a^out
half-past 10 o'clock and discovered that
burglars had paid them a visit during
their absence.
After forcing open the door of the
apartments with a "jimmy" the crooks
proceeded to open Miss Maloff's trunk.
They succeeded in breaking the lock, but
failed to get into the trunk on account of
the lid being screwed down. While they
were furiously endeavoring to open it a
woman who lives in the adjoining room
heard them at work and called the bell
boy.
Becoming alarmed the burglars ran
from the room and made their escape.
Before leaving, however, they stole a silk
dress belonging to Miss Smith and a re
volver, the property of Miss Maloff. The
police were at once notified of the burg
lary, but despite their efforts the perpe
trators c-ire still enjoying their liberty.
Miss Maloff is convinced that the crooks
were aware that she had a number of
gold nuggets in her trunk and determined
to make a desperate attempt to get them.
She believes that they saw her leave tue
house with her friend and lost no time in
breaking into her apartments.
On a table in her room Miss Maloff had
placed a small bag containing several
nuggets, which she says are worth $200.
In their eagerness to pet into the trunk
the burglars overlooked the bag and its
precious contents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
IMPORTANT SALE OF
200 Cases of Imported Frencn Wines
from 30 to 50 below cost of importation,
consigned by .Messrs. Pockwitz and Krlegk,
Bordeaux, consisting of the finest vintages of
the following kinds: 50c. Tledoc; 40c. St.
Estephe; 20c nargaux; 20c. Pontet Canst
50c. Haut Sauternes; 20c, Chateau Coutet;:
ranging in price from $5.50 to 9.50, duty
paid. If wanted in bond $1.25 per ca?e less.
Wines can be sampled at our store. See ex-
hibit in window.
Sale begins to-day, continues until the lot
Is disposed of.
S £3>3SCS 21^. Km
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
....
TEA 10 kinds regularly 50c
40c. a Ib. pound.
ff\cr:cc "Popular" blend
tOrrcc Ground or roast.
20c Ib Good article — small
price. Regularly 25c.
Suchard'S Cocoa \ Made In Switzerland.
on- ik i The highest grade.
BUC ID ' S Regularly $1 00 Ib.
ALCOHOL ■ J For burning purposes
Bottle. 40c > only. Regular 45cand
Gallon 1.25 S |i.50.
OLIVES i Fine Spanish queens,
25c Quart C regularly 30c quart.
.**«».*..« ' } To cl0 ' c out our last
RAISINS X f season's table raisin*
4 lbs. 25c C ? "" 1 at 2* lD - Good
* ) for mince meat.
Wash Boiler } J o %r heavy IX tin,
90c . > copper bottom. Keg-
yuc ) ularlyjl.3s.
WASH BOARD \ '£££>:««*
2f» c r serviceable article.
■* vc * ) Regularly 25c
\ "La Fftvorita" Zln-
claret. »" La Fnvorita" Zin-
fandel. Regularly
dozen quarts / ance for empty b0t-
52.90 I ties. We recommend
7 , ft highly. ..<:
\ Kent's celeb rated
I tooth brush for adults
Tonth Rru<sfi<»« ! " n(1 children. Spec-
■??: « sn7 f lall - v manufactured
2»C. 35c. 50c. I for us. Will replace
I with a new one if brls-
ties fall out
White Truffles Stles fall out Itallaj
Imported Italia*
32' Ac. 60c. $1.05 C tartnfi blanchi. Re v.
. t larly 40c, 75c and 11.25.
Country orders shipped free 1 00 mile*.
Use f^% and
Facial Soap £/ .Facial Cream.
Pug Noses, Hump, Flat. Broken, . 111-Shaped
Noses made to harmonize with the other fea-
tures by Dermatologist JOHN H. WOODBURT,
127 W 42d st.. New Tork. IC3 State st.. Chicago.
Send for Illustrated book.
ETC} \/ 1 A ****** VITALITY
__V V ' — LOST VIGOR.
J££&3jt\ " — AND MANHOOD
Wrßr"'\ Cures laapoteacv Night Emissions and wasting
mlk^^B Q diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess ani
mSj^^jl indiscretion. • A nerre'tonic and blood'buildcr.
/%| •Jm* Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks md rev
L WSw / stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
Is(|^«i bcxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
jGnj^^jp^t guarantee to cure or refund the meney. -
Ikrvlta medical Co., CHntcn * 3acfcson iti. f Chicaa?.
WALLER BROS.. 83 Grant aye., San Francisco.-
Monjon's Headache and IridigestionCure
Is the only remedy on U.< market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stkn-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's rlpsack. At all Drue-
grists. 25 cures, 26c
ADVERTISEMENTS. V v .
BRACES BODY AND BRAIN.
What Mariani Wine Does to Soothe,
Strengthen and Sustain the
System.
Yin Mariani (Mariani Wine) is
recommended as a tonic by the med-
ical profession all over .the world. It
has received written recommendations
from more than 8000 American physi-
cians.
Marlanl Wine soothes, strengthens
and sustains the system and braces
body and ~ brain. It gives strength;
therefore may ' it be described as the
conqueror of disease and the promoter
of health and longe. ;y.
Mariant Wine is specially indicated
for malaria, fever and ague and all
miasmatic fevers. It promptly dispels
chills, abates malarial fever, and gives
a sense of buoyancy and vigor.
Mariani Wine is furthermore of es-
pecial value in cases of Neuralgia, Ner-
vous Debility, Muscular Relaxation.
Mental and Physical Depression and
Exhaustion, C erwork or Overstrain.
Insomnia, Headache, Nervous Dyspep-
sia, Loss of Appetite, Emaciation and
Consumption. It builds up the vital
forces and is a powerful rejuvenator. It
gives strength to the nervous system,
firmness and elasticity to the muscles,
and richness to the blood, It benefits
all. ? „
Marlanl Wine is palatable and suited
to the most delicate stomachs. . In the
cases of pale, puny, sickly children it
is invariably used with great benefit.
For overworked men and delicate
women Mariani Wine works wonders.
Marani Wine Is sold by all Druggists.
Try it and you will find that it will well
sustain its reputation. One word of
caution, however no representation
or explanation induce you to accept a
substitute. "Just as- good" usually
leads to disappointment.
To every one writing to Mariani &
Co., 52 West Fifteenth street. New
York City, will be sent, free, if this
paper is mentioned, an interesting lit-
tle book containing portraits and auto-
graphs of Emperors, Empress, Princes,
Cardinals. Archbishops and other dis-
tinguished personages, endorsing Yin
Mariani. :;- V- ■
DR. MEYERS 6c CO.,
Specialists for Ail Diseases of Men.
~t^^S^^Vkftgk^ *T*HESE SUCCESS-
.^T^&llfi'^MJJ!!^***^—^ * f v 1 physicians
lf*^»PisissStt»'^«fc§ have the most exten-
&'*3S*y^ > "<" <3 * 1^ yiH Elvp practice and
f«HK/ largest and best
fS®SS pjS equipped medical in-
■fcgSf'i? jcwbf stitution on the Pa-
< Ww£,f «ci?S!C?Jfw>2d ' clfic Coast. They have
ffNSil' j£fiw!lGi¥i'&\ such confidence ln
«$&• X^S^ thelr ability that
'\•' L* v^jk ; «^ they will let the pa-
' vJBhL '*t - -^' tlent deposit the price
i^alKi Cf^O.R of a cure in any bank
£ll*lr*W4W ATOrf^W^J or wlth an >' business
,J§rs^ >HfiiwHr£"j3f^ house or newspaper
i^SRTS^S I i ln San Francisco, to
'dßjgjb SSSaXsUSSBf ; be Paid to them, when
!S§s\' repwpSlEst >v the cure ' 8 ejected,
HRIN \>Si®E^k^ or W lH. take monthly
V*32*_^_^-l M.i_r?l^Jßh£ installments If the
Established 17 Tears. patient prefers.
Thousands cured at
home. Advice and private book free. Letters
confidential. DR. METERS & CO., 731 Market
St., San Francisco, Cal. ....
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.) ;.^A- ;
EVENINGS .....:... 15c, 23c, 33c and' 50c
SOUVENIR MATINEES,
WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
'< K. ■ 25c to all parts: gallery. 15c.
j THE HENDERSON COMPANY
Presenting Victorien Sardou's Bril'lant Comedy
| A SCRAP OF PAPER.
The Players— Ed M. Bell. Russell Bassett,
I Harry F. Adams, Kingsly Benedict, Jean de
Lacy, Charles Fleming:, Miss Adelaide Fitzal-
len. Frankle M. Raymond, Olive Madison, Car-
rie Clarke Ward, Alma Shyrraa, Grace D.
Pierce, etc.
Thursday and Friday Evenings, Saturday Mati-
nee, Saturday Night, Sunday Matl-
ne* and Sunday Night, ■
Each Presentation with Entire "New Scenery.
Seats, Comedy Theater and 710 Market st.
NEXT WEEK- Lincoln J. Carter's Realism.
"THE HEART OF CHICAGO.'
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
FIRST TIME AT OUR PRICES.
N. C. GOODIA/IN'S
Political Comedy Hit,
"AMBITION!"
sl!ts^ ed 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
PHONE MAIN 254.— —
Next Week ....: "DR. BILL."
CHUTES^ND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
BIG BILL in the FREE THEATER
The LE ROYS, Triple Ring Athletes: AR-
TURO SALVINI, Lyric Tenor; LILLIAN F.
SMITH, Chnmaion Rifle Shot of the World,
with her SISTER and FATHER; McBRIDE
and JAMES, the Celtic Kings; KELLY and
VIOLETTE. and API A, Political Trans-
formation Dancer. ■
EVERY THURSDAY— Amateur Night.
TWO MONSTER PYTHONS' IN
THE ZOO.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, Be;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. • ■
RACING! RACING! RACING!
\ CALIFOKNi v HOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning SATURDAY.
October 29, to November 12, inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. ;
t Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. • Rain or Shine. •
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
- Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp. ..
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at. 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with' trains stopping at . the entrance to the
Track ■ Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning — leave the Track at 4:15
and 4 45 P. m. and immediately after, last race.
THO3. H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROT, ; Secretary.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
Tuesday and Friday Evenings . and Thursday
and Saturday Afternoons.
FOUR HEINRICH RECITALS. -
Prices— soc, 75c and $1.00. Seats at Sherman,
Clay & Co. : .. :
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from 7 A. M. to 6 P.M. During
■/ . the Winter Season.' ;.. r
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 3j
■ Bathing.'. with admission. • 25c: children. we.
.-,;.. '■■ ' ' ' * ■ " r-' >' '.'' ""'■ - ' '- ■ i"-- " ■ ■N'.-.-.iM
«.'^d^^^^Bb*4>.i.Sf p ' ** is a noo-poi«ononi
-'-iftliiji* l * VIJA remedy for v Gonorrhoea,
j^KrcVllES^m Oleet, Spermatorrhoea,
aWyin i to & dtTi.^B White*, unnatural dii-
MBSm Oiiranteed ■ charges, or any inflamma-
Htl not to atrlotore. . . tion, : irritation ■or . nlcera-
B™~4rr«T«nu eoatoflon. tlon of mucous mem-
REltheE«NB OHEMICuOh. br »n««. v Non-aitrlagent. 'l
VfllaO^CmNATl.O — il SoW by '**•********
wafi^: V S a ZrWm 0 "11 !n Pl»'n wrapper,
VTO^: JttSrXi P ~. ex P re " 8 i Prepaid, for
tn^MffrnrrPr 1 1 - 00 .- 01 3 bottle*, $2.79.
v vtMaJm^v ■ drcoiar i«nt on request.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . 4
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
CHILDREN'S DEPARTMENT.
Fall Opening oi Stylish Garments !
CHILDREN'S SHORT JACKETS.
FINE ENGLISH KERSEY, sailor collar, with bars of narrow velvet
ribbon, embellished on ends with small white pearl buttons and
double breasted with large white pearl buttons for fastenings. <t»D tfl
Colors gobelin, sage and navy; sizes 4 to 8 years; prices from 4>UiJU
FRENCH BOUCLE SHORT JACKETS, braided fancy black collar
and cuffs in colors, navy, gobelin and golden brown, in sizes 4 <(Q en
to 6; prices ranging upward from .' 4>UiOU
CHILDREN'S LONG COATS IN CLOTH AND BOUCLE from $5.00
CHILDREN"S CLOTH CAPES, PLAID SILK LINING, upward
from $6.50
MISSES' CARMENTS.
MISSES' SCOTCH GOLF CAPES, in brown, blue and tan, with re- &Q tf»
versible plaid backs, hoods and revers, all sizes, from 4>OiuU
MISSES' ENGLISH KERSEY JACKETS, high class, half-fitting friQ en
fronts and half-lined with silk, in golden brown, tan and blue J>lZiOU
MISSES' TAILOR SUITS TO ORDER.
(See Window on Geary Street.) NEW WKAPPEBS AND TEA SOWNB ABBIVING DAIIT.
MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWINJTHEATER.
.~ FAREWELL WEEK OF
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
AND BLANCHE BATES.
SIX NIGHTS AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
Aug-ustin Daly's Comedy.
ISLTRANSIT
OF LEO..
Friday Afternoon at 3— IBSEN'S
"A DOLL'S HOUSE."
BLANCHE BATES AS NORA.
— Farewell Night,
"AN ENEMY TO THE KING."
Monday, -November 7— "MISTAKES. WILL
HAPPEN."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
• \ .
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT.
ONE WEEK ONLY.
The New York Empire Theater Success,
"SOWING
THE
WIND.*'
The great . sex against . sex drama,
Sydney Grundy's Masterpiece.
Next Monday— KELLAR. the Great Magician.
IVOTF' At the BALDWIN THEATER on
i 1 \J 1 *-> Friday . Afternoon, Nov. 4. at 3
o'clock, ' will be presented "A DOLL'S
HOUSE," IBSEN'S, play. BLANCHE BATES
AS NORA.
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
' THIS WEEK ONLY.
s\§o4 ITS A SCREECHER.
HOGAN'S
<ml ALLEY,
//o^jKa^ wiTH ITS ■
■ /.wo jv YELLOW KID.
.(pii!^| Trices ; 2§c. 35c and 50c.
V^_— -<J NEXT SUNDAY—
\> FINNIGAN'S BALL.
TVT/-\'T*'p At the BALDWIN THEATER
i^l V '* i-» next Friday afternoon, November
4, at 3 o'clock, will be? presented IBSEN'S
play. "A DOLL'S HOUSE. " BLANCHE
BATES AS NORA.
One of the New York institutions which deserves well of thm
public and is receiving the appreciation that it merits, is The Horn©
Bureau Delicacies for the Sick, which has had out it* sign at 15
West 42d Street for several years. "This Bureau does not dispense
medicines," said the manager recently, "but we do hear frequent
discussions concerning the merits of remedies, and it seems to bo
conceded that Ripans Tabules are a reliable auxiliary to the physician.
Some of our patrons use them to a considerable extent, and physician*
essure us that we formula is excellent."
'POPOOOOO'O'OOOO'OOOOO'
o w PALACE wg
g GRAND HOTELS 1
o bah r/tAnaisco. 5 i
-J* v »; Connected by a ' covered j passageway. " .-* *• j
" 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. ® '
: O ' All Under One Management. Q '
O : :. ' KOTE THE PKICES: . ' Vc« i
-. European Plan. Bl .00 per day and upward -» ?.
w Amarlcan Plan. s3.oo per day and upward 9 I
0 v Correspondence Solicited n
0 . JOSH 0. KIBEFA7BIOK, Bf . q
Qja o o &Q Q Qaooo© o oo 1
AMTJSEKENTS.
CARL HERTZ. World Famous Magician.
RAYMON MOORE. Celebrated Balladist.
NEWSBOYS' QUINTET, Latest Musical NoT-
elty.
PEARL ANDREWS. Queen of Mimics.
SELLS & YOUNO, Comedy Acrobats.
MR. and MRS. ROYLE and COMPANY, la
New Act, "The Highball Family."
JOHN C. RICE and SALLY COHEN. In
"Our Honeymoon."
ROSSOW MIDGETS and CHARLIE ROS-
SOW, in New Specialties.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wed.. Sat. and Sunday.
MOROSCO'S GRANDE
V alike Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Managet
FIRST TIME HERE OF
Lewis Morrison's Great Eastern Success.
"THE INDIAN."
ROMANTIC BTORY,
KXCITING SCENES,
PICTURESQUE COSTUMES.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 23 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and MgT.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY NIGHT THI3
WEEK. WITH SATURDAY MATINEE,
FIRST TIME IN 5 YEARS.
Offenbach's Great Opera Bouff*.
THE. . .
GRAND
DUCHESS.
Presented by the Leading Opera Organization
of America.
Pop"lar Prices 25c and 50a
Reserved Seat for the Matinee. 25c.
THE NEW
xstDay. aaa^a. ii^w roc ii r>|j
»-Or 10th Day. «is- -mL %. lit II V fill
VITALIS •-™ 1 L -- v - US-. -1 DcycnV
rROBI Tire ABUTS 30th Day. IlklßCUlll
RESULTS. . It quickly &. surely remotes s«nromness, Impotency.
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effe:t»
of self -abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consnmn-
tirn. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having VITAUS.
no other. * Can be carried In the vest pocket. By mall $1.00
per psekajr « or six for #3.A0 with a guarantee to Core or
KcfiiTwl the JManeT. Circular Free. Address ■ -
t'ALIiIET Clßfi CO., 834 Dearborn St., CUeac*
Bold by Owl Dins Co.. S. F.. and Oakland.
56
';__'_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
► wl Ww^W Www Wwww VwW wwww*s
\$ The champion chew fEp
© in all national and international contests is always ®
% . PLUG I
Z „ Every year the unsuccessful efforts of other ©
© brands to take the lead over Battle Ax only serve @
9 to emphasize the wonderful strength and perma- 9
nance of the popularity that Battle Ax won in 5?
the first competition, four years ago, and has held X
Z every year since then. 30,000,000 pounds sold 2
X this year. You needn't apologize for chewing ©
W Battle Ax. There's nothing better at any price. ©
© Pemember the name . §
I ■* when you buy again. |
REA SEEKS THE
VETERANS` VOTES
War Heroes Urged to
Aid the Boss.
HIS HENCHMEN ARE BUSY
BRAZEN ATTEMPTS TO CORRAL
OLD SOLDIERS.
Activity of the So-Cp.lled "Battlefield
Veterans,"' an Organization.
Composed of Members
of the Gang.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
R^.s' JOSE, Oct. 30.— The campaign Is
sizzling in Santa Clara County and dur
ing ihe coming week Rea and Macken
zie will turn their followers loose to
try and intimidate the respectable vot
ers into supporting the gang ticket.
Preliminary to this the Union Battle
field Veterans, composed of about a
dozen of Rea's closest friends, are en
deavoring to whip the old soldiers and
eona of veterans into line. At the head
of this organization are W. J. "Wolcott,
Major Starck and L. L. Xattinger, and
for years they have tried to control the
veterans' vote for Rea. ' It is this trio
that did the dirty work for Rea that
culminated in the dismissal of Profes
sor Smith from the High School and
nearly wrecked that institution. They
accused Smith of being unpatriotic,
and under this false accusation, the
School Board, at Rea's dictation, dis
•l him. For this political job the
Union Battlefield Veterans received a
scoring in the paers at the hands of
all Grand Army societies of this city.
But these minions of the boss are
again in the field under Rea's orders.
They occupy a half column in the
gang's organ, the Mercury, with reso
lutions and try to head off the old sol
diers, who are flocking over to the Good
Government ticket. They announce
that their "trust is unshaken in the
ability and integrity of the characters
of the regular Republican nominees"
and then "deprecate the persistent use
by the opponentk <>f the regular Repub
lican ticket of gross and vile personal
abuse, both verbally and by the
medium of newspaper slurs and vul
garisms, as unseemly and revolting."
What mockery and gall! These are
only the weapons of the gang, and their
leader, iion^ Rea, now stands convicted
of slander in the Superior Court for
conducting just the sort of a campaign
they deprecate.
The "regular Republican" county
ticket is gang from top to bottom, and
this is the ticket the Union Battlefield
Veterans want other old soldiers to sup
port. These "political soldiers" boast
openly that they control the Grand
Army vote and that they will deliver it
to Rea. The testimony of Rea, given
during the slander suit, showed that
Major Starck and W. J. "Wolcott con
sulted with Mackenzie and himself in
regard to putting up a city ticket.
The gang is to make a hard fight for
a big majority in this city. This is
absolutely necessary to overcome the
great vote the Good Government
League will get in the country districts.
It was proposed to adopt the same dis
reputable tactics employed to carry the
Republican primary, but the election
officials appointed are getting "cold
feet" since it was possible to get a jury
to convict Rea of slander. Beside, the
Good Government League has made ar
rangements and raised a fund to prose
cute ballot-box stuffers and all such
offenders.
The three-cornered fight for Sheriff
is attracting the most attention.
James H. Lyndon, the Good Govern
ment candidate, Is opposed by two gang
men, R. J. Langrford, Republican, and
G. Y. Bollinger, Democrat. Either of
the two is satisfactory to Rea, and the
boss' order is "anything to beat Lyn
don." "Johnnie" Mackenzie wanted to
be Under Sheriff four years ago, but
Lyndon refused to have this lieuten
ant of Rea around, and consequently
incurred the enmity of the gang . Lang
ford holds his position on the Board of
Education through lira's Influence, and
his action in school affairs has con
vinced people that should he be elected
Sheriff the people's interests will be sec
ond to Rea's. Bollinger was Sheriff
once before and his gang alliances are
even stronger than Langford's. Just
now the gang is shouting for both these
worthies in the hope that Republicans
will be drawn away from Lyndon to
Langford and the independent and
anti-gang- Democrats -. to BollLnger.
When these forces are separated the
gang will throw its full strength to the
strongest man. These tactics will not
be able to defeat Lyndon, as the re
spectable classes are now solid for him
YELLOW FEVER HAS
INVADED NEW YORK
Death of Colonel George E. Waring
Jr., Who Recently Returned
From Cuba.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— Colonel George
E. Waring Jr. died of yellow fever Sat
urday at his home in this city, where he
has been since he arrived from Havana
last Tuesday. He was 67 years of age.
President Murphy of the Board of
Health was informed of the death of
Colonel Waring within five minutes
after It occurred. Dr. Roberts, the
sanitary superintendent, was ordered
to have the bod" placed in a hermet
ically sealed calfeket at cmce. Mr.
Murphy also gave orders that every
precaution should be taken to prevent
the spread of the disease.
Colonel Waring had been sent to Ha
vana as a special commissioner of this
Government to ascertain the exact san
itary conditions of that city and to form
ideas for the best methods of putting
the place in first-class sanitary shape.
He was to report to the President, and
| on the day he returned he said he ex
! pected to go to Washington the next
morning. He said he felt unwell, but
it was not thought he was seriously ill.
He said he had a great deal of informa
tion, which he said he thought would
be of great service to the President.
Colonel Waring was a native of New
York State, and much of his earlier life
was spent in the study and practice of
scientific agriculture. He was for some
time in charge of Horace Greeley's
farm at Chappaqua, N. Y.
In 1857 he was appointed agricultural
engineer of Central Park, this city. He
entered the military service in 1862 as
adjutant in the New York Reserves,
but was transferred to the Army of the
i Southwest, where he helped consolidate
i the Fremont and Benton Reserves into
• the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, of which
he became colonel.
ENORMOUS SHIPMENT
OF GRAIN TO EUROPE
Many Steamers Clear From Philadel
phia, Mostly for Ports of
Great Britain.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 30.— More than
603,000 bushels of wheat and corn cleared
the custom house yesterday on steamers
bound to European ports. The shipmr-nts
consisted principally of corn, the British
Steamship Picton taking 116,000 bushris
fur Ipswich, the British steamship Cairo
110,000 bushels to Sligo and the British
steamship Strathista 70,000 bushels to Rot
terdam.
The cargo of the British steamship
Roxby consisted of 144,000 bushels of
wheat for Antwerp. The American line
steamship Aragonia took to Liverpool
more than 100,000 bushels of grain. The
shipments of wheat and corn from Phila
dtlphia since January 1 have aggregated
over 25.000,000 bushels.
GIVEN A MILITARY FUNERAL.
First Member of the Marine Corps to
Die of Typhoid Fever.
OMAHA. Oct. 30. -George Self, a mem
ber of the United States Marine Corps,
who died here of typhoid fever, was given
a military funeral to-day. Self is the
first member of the Marine Corps to die
from the disease since the beginning of
the campaign against Spain. He was one
a ., e «« v men la "ded at Qiantanamo ott
April 22 to prepare for the landing of
lu 00p o- was also among the escort of
the Spanish admiral, Cervera, to the
Lni ted States. He arrived in Omaha sick
on October 8 and was taken to St. Jo
fjeph'B Hospital, where he died. He was
26 years old. Nothing is known of his an
tecedents other than that he was enlisted
from Leonardstown, Md., three years ago
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1898.
GEORGE HARPER
WAS SIMPLY
INVINCIBLE
Pitched Superbly and
Shut Out Oakland.
MERTES ALSO PLAYED WELL
THE GAME EASILY THE FINEST
YET SEEN.
San Jose Beaten by the Athletics and
the Gilt Edges Win From the
San Franciscos — Other
Games.
By Joe Corbett.
Forty-five hundred lovers of our great
national game turned out yesterday af
ternoon to see the Stocktons, reinforced
by "Sandow" Mertes and George Harper,
defeat the Oaklands by the score of 1 to 0.
Not in many years has such a perfect
exhibition been witnessed as that of yes
terday. The Stocktonß, who have hither
to been looked upon as anything but an.
up-to-date ball team, more than surprised
the persistent fans by their steady and
at intervals really brilliant playing.
Harper, their new pitcher, was dimply
invincible, and with Mertes to steady the
Held it is not hard to conjecture why It
was that the Oaklands could not score.
Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon
these two Eastern men. Their playing
was at all times superb, Harper pitching
elegantly and Mertes playing shortstop
as unly a National Leaguer can. They,
and, of course, their cohorts, did not have
what is generally termed a walkover. In
fact the bitterest sort of opposition greet
ed them at every step, and had it not been
for a fortunate base hit by Rice in the
second inning, with a man on second, the
game might have been going on yet.
Moskiman. who opposed Harper, did
almost as well as Harper. But four hits
were made off his delivery, but two of
them came at a time when they were
needed, and hence the run that won the
game. A base on balls coupled with two
hit.-; was, therefore, the cause of Oak
land's defeat, but they need not feel
ashamed, as they played as good a game
as their opponents, save in the third inn
ing, when Moskiman was hit opportune
ly and the only run of the game was
scored. The score follows:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna, 1 b 4 6 0 0 7 0 0
Knell, 2 b 4 0 10 5 2 0
Pace, o 3 0 0 0 6 10
Hillings, 3 b 3 0 10 0 10
Mertes, a. b 2 0 116 4 0
Mueller, 1. f 3 10 0 10 0
Rice. c. t.. 3 0 10 0 0 0
Harper,, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Uauml* r. 1 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals » 2S 1 4 1 27 9 0
OAKLAND,
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Schmeer, s. s 4 0 1 0 6 4 0
Hartlie, r. f 8 0 0 0 0 0 0
O'Neil, 2 b 4 0 0 0 230
Lange,, 3 b 4 0 1113 0
Sullivan, c 8 0 0 0 12 0
Bliss, 1 b 3 0 0 0 12 0 0
Mosklman. p 3 0 10 8 5 0
Dean, 1. 1 3.0 10 10 0
Totals 30 0 4 1 27 17 0
' KDWfI BY INNINGS. •■
Stockton ...,0 10 0 0 0 0 0 o—l
Base hits 0 2 1 0 0 0 10 o—4
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 1 110 0 0 0 10—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible Mosklman 1. Two
base — Merteg, Rice. Bases on balls —
Stockton 2, Oakland 1. Left on bases— Stockton
2, Oakland 6. Struck out— Harper, 5. Hit
by pitcher— Donovan. Passed ball— Sullivan.
Time of game— l:4s. Umpire— Rube Levy.
Athletics Won.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 30.— The San Jose team
played ragged ball to-day and were beat
en by the Athletics by a score of 10 to 7.
The score was:
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 1. t 5 10 0 10 1
Hariley, 2 b 5 12 0 4 0 2
Meaney, c. f 5 2 2 110 0
Stultz. s. s 5 2 0 0 2 3 0
HUderbrandt, r. f...4 1 1 0 8 0 0
Johnson, 1 b 3 2 2 17 10
McLaußhlln, 3 b 4 1 1 0 4 0 0
I/.hman, c 5 0 0 0 4 10
Fitzpatrick. p 5 0 1 0 0 2 0
Totals 41 10 8 2 26 7 8
SAX JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McOucken. c. t 3 2 10 2 0 0
I'yne, 1 b 4 110 7 0 1
RUey, 2 b 4 110 6 0 2
Eagan. s. B 3 0 0 0 2 1 2
Brockoff, 3 b 4 110 17 0
Fnley. r. I 5 0 2 0 2 0 1
ThoiMi, I. t & p.... 5 110 2 10
Kent, c 4 12 0 6 0 0
Arrick, p. & 1. f.... 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 35 7 9 0 27 10 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Athletics 3 0 0 0 0 8 4 0 o—lo
Base hlta . 2 01103200—9
San Jose 0 0 0 0 0 2 2 3 o—7
Base hits 0 0010322 I—o
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Arrick 1, Fitzpatrick 1.
Three-base hits— Rlley, Johnson. Two-base hit
— Hanley. Bases on balls— Off Fltznatrlck 3,
oft Arrick 4, off Thomas 2. Struck out—By
Fitzpatrick 3, by Arrick 3, by Thomns 1. Hit
by pitched ball— Pyne and Kent. Passed ball
—Kent. Left on bases— San Jose 9, Athletics
7. Umpires— Hines and Steftanl. Scorers-
Weber and Doyle. Time of game — Two hours
and 30 minutes.
A Game for the Gilt Edges.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 30.— The Gilt
Edges beat the San Franoiscns here by a
score of 7 to 1 to-day. The full score fol
lows:
SACRAMENTO.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, 2 b 5 2 2 0 110
Peeples, 3 b 4 0 10 0 10
Hughes, p 4 110 0 2 0
Doyle, c. f 5 0 10 0 0 0
Stanley, c 5 1 2 0 8 1 1
Lookhead. B. s 2 0 10 16 2
Walker, 1. f 5 10 14 0 0
Harvey, r. f 5 2 2 110 0
Shanahan, 1 b 3 0 0 0 11 1 0
Totals 88 7 10 2 27 12 8
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith, b. s 4 0 0 0 3 2 1
KruK, 3 b 4 1114 12
Murphy, 1 b 4 0 0 0 10 0 1
Munahan, 2 b 4 0 0 0 0 0 1
Hammond, c 3 0 0 0 6 0 1
Croll. 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 1 0
Stroecker. r. f 3 0 10 0 0 0
Dunleavy, c. f S 0 0 0 1 0 0
Iberff, p 3 0 10 0 5 1
Totals 31 1 S 1 27 9 7
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 012 12000—7
Base hit? 1 0 0 2 2 2 0 1 2—lo
San Francisco 1 00000000—1
Base hits 0 00011010—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Off Ibery 3. Three
base hlt3— Hughes, Stroecker. Two-base hits-
Harvey, Lockhead. Sacrifice hlta — Peeples.
Lockhead. Base on errors — Sacramento 4, San
Francisco 3. Bases on balls — Oft Ibergr 3. Left
on bases— "Sacramento 10, San Franclßco 3.
Struck out— By Hughes 1, by Iberg 4. Double
plays— Lockhead to Shanahan to Stanley,
Peeples to Lockhead. Time— l:3o. Umpire—
Charles Sweeney. Scorer— G. A. Griffin.
Santa Cruz Wins.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 30.— There was a big
crowd at the game between the Watson
vllles and the Beachcombers to-day. An
excursion train with 500 people came in
from Watsonville. The game was won by
the Beachcombers, by a score of 9 to i.
Borchers struck out 13 and Donlin 4 men.
Donlin was batted freely, the home team
securing 8 hits off him. Watsonville got
5 hits off Borchers. The feature of the
game was Streib's home run. In the
seventh inning Donlin retired from the
box, givink plac« to McCarty. Santa
Cruz only made one error, while 'Watson
ville made seven. The score was:
Santa Crui 0 2 12 2 0 2 0 o—9
"VVatsonvill© 2 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 o—3
Minor Games.
The Qamoßsi Kids defeated the Owls
NEW HOME FOR GOLFERS
THE San Rafael Golf Club is now one of the established Institutions
of that city, and the demands for a clubhouse and headquarters are
about to be met In the 'jonstruction of a spacious and architectur
ally beautiful edifice which will be erected on a little rise command-
Ing an excellent view of the links. The links are located on the old Camp
bell & Stetson tract, consisting of about 500 acres of rolling: land. The
new house is 52 by 98 feet. The front porch is twenty-one feet deep and
extends the whole width of the house. The side porches are fifteen feet
wide. The house will contain lockers for sixty ladies and 140 gentlemen.
Each section is provided with bath, dressing room and other conveniences.
A cafe, kitchen and a main parlor 28 by 32, fitted in backwoods style, Is
part of the equipment.
Work on the new building will begin at once, and It will be ready for
occupancy In about sixty days. A splendid reception will then be given.
at the grounds at Eighth and Harrison
streets yesterday morning by a score of
3 to 2. The batteries were Harvie and
Murelk for the Gamossl Kids and Fiegle
and Peralta for the Owls.
The Altos mot defeat at the hands of
the Alameda Alerts in a game played at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets yesterday
afternoon. The score stood 8 to 14. Rua
sel was in the box for the Alerts and
Hammon behind the bat. Brockhoff and
D. Bodie pitched and caught for the
Altos. Both games were very lively.
WALLER WAS DEFEATED.
Sergeant G. W. Moffatt Won the
Mounted Sword Contest at
Glen Park.
There was a large attendance yesterday
afternoon to see the sensational broad
sword contest on horseback at Glen Park
between Sergeant G. W. MolTatt of the
Fourth Cavalry and Captain J. L. "Waller,
who week days retires to the peaceful oc
cupation of presiding over a drug store.
The match was won by the former by a
score of 11 to 9. At the close of the con
test Professor Trouchet of the Olympic
Club challenged Moffatt to appear again
at the park and compete with him for a
side bet of $500. The battle will take place
in- the near future. Professor T. P. Hagal
made a balloon ascension and parachute
jump from the park and landed safely on
terra flrma. The Macphorson Bros, per
formed some clever feats on a double
trapeze, and Professor Henry entertained
the children with some clever sleight of
hand performances.
GEORGE H. BONEBRAKE
DIES AT LOS ANGELES
Well-Known Pioneer of Southern
California Succumbs to Bright's
Disease.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30.— Major George
H. Bonebrake, president of tho Los Ange
les National Bank, and one of the; pio
neers of Southern California, died to-day
at his home In this city;-" Hltr death came
as a release from prolonged suffering
caused by Brlgbt's disease. He leaves a
son, Percy Boriebrake, and a daughter,
Mrs. J. \V. A. Off. He was 61 years old.
~4»
WEDLS NOT SERIOUSLY ILL.
Famous Economist May Live to Fin
ish Important Papers.
NORWICH. Conn., Oct. 30.— David A.
Wells, the economist, is not seriously ill,
according to his physician. Mr. Wells is
70 years old anil recently took cold, which
aggravated his debilitated condition. He
is in no immediate danger of dying. Al
though he has required the attendance of
a nurse for more than a year, he has
continued his work on the famous series
of* papers on economic questions which
he is so anxious to complete.
Thrice Attempts Suicide.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30.— Mrs. Charles
Lloyd, wife of a Wells-Fargo messenger
running oh the Santa Fe Railroad, made
two attempts to commit suicide yesterday
and last night. She took a d >se of
laudanum some time yesterday and when
she awoke after the effect had worn off
she attached a piece of small rubber
hose to a gas jet and lay down on the
bed with the other end in her mouth.
Her brother-in-law discovered her condi
tion in time to save her life. Her hus
band is away. The couple have not lived
happily tog-thcr.
Chess Expert Janowski Arrives.
NKW YORK, Oct. 30.— D. Janowski. the
Franco-Polish chess expert, arrived on
the steamship La Touraine to-day. He
has come to this country to play a match
Of seven gamps at the Manhattan Club
with Showalter. At the conclusion of that
contest Janowski will make a tour of the
I'niU-d States.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN ENGINEER CURED! |
Another of the Remarkable Victories of i
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. ;
jm _ SAN FRANCISCO. )
»i—««l^ •/v\. r>R ' SANDEN— Dear Sir: lam willing ;
rom\aXti!thr 0m \aXti!th 5^ % *° tes fv to the grrand results I have re- . *
<f^fX3& ~*M \£tM. V ceived from following your advice and the
nBBSgk T V use ot your "' )r - Sanden's Electric Belt." '.*■
jiSSBB {A 1 \. I am an engineer on the Southern Pacific (
IBSjJB*, ■»\ IV-^ Hallroad and have suffered greatly for the <
-*Tik jSr I^*'% last th * or four years with lumbago, dlz- (
[jjßjiiA »\i \Jt / i 1 zlnesß, faint and blind spells, and a gen- <
ILnCy r\\/ S j- __T,|~ :: I ~ tlf I I eral broken-down feeling, which made it <
JEjUEirl j^ % ~^«* <l l " ■" 1 1 almost impossible for me to make my run, <
MMU. V<* J which is one of the longest on the road. <
Kfely *.^" — \\»r*mxm I was v ' Be( i to try one of your Belts, <
ImK 1 *»4«r'ssM— - >*■*&* and did so, purchasing the one you recom- <
■V> * fi 1 — 3piw|^^iSf*2^y. mended. It has completely cured me of all <
Hj * » tmm^SA m troubles after two months' use, and I (
Mr \\ * *^. ■' • / can now ma c my run with the greatest <
t/ * g^^ • ' "-"" M^n* ease. I have never had a pain or a bad <
a Ji. { I I f JSSbSBSKm^ feeling- after five days' use of the Belt, <
I ML. \\\ k_,sti. I JEER WILxM an ' 1 1 have more life in me now than I have (
I M^vivTvrti^!' LSSH '' HP nafl for years - On meeting my friends they <
I "^a^E^wrV^Vi UIBBI ' nFd ° always congratulate me on looking so well. /
|i ][ 'W^3»^si7«lw I always feel better and livelier than those <
KSkv MBrfjBtHgBWJ W^r around me. I will always advise my friends (
BBJKV • who are suffering as I was to try your Belt, <<
UrX&V JkNr^aaWHlianUM for I can lay my restoration to health to )
B*^f^*».. Hk*3 t it\^BSlßM '1 nothing else than your Dr. Sanden's Elec- ;
V^V' ■wE " : *HP^ trie Belt. With kindest regards, lam yours £
**^ J. J. ROCKWELL, 308H Guerrero at. j
IT IS NATURE'S OWN REMEDY ! i
This wonderful belt fills the nerves and organs with electricity every <
night while you sleep. -When you awake in the morning you are re- *
freshed, wide awake and full of the joy of living, for your nerves are J
charged with the vim. the snap and "go" of life. Weakness vanishes, ?
the drains and nervous spells cease, and you soon recover all the vigor 4
of a strong man. <
Read the Book, "Three Glasses of Men." <
It is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will <
point out a means by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed, <
free.to any address, or can be had on application to the office. <
Don't put it off. Act to-day In a matter which concerns the happiness <<
not only of yourself but of your family and friends, of your. future. You (
should not delay. Call or address .. 3
DR. A. X. SANDEN, * ■ * • * <
70S Xarksk Btrtit. Oornir Ki»rn 7 , Sm ?r*nei..». MOT IN DRUG STORES. <
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 _•-* .';."••■* , 5
to L Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West . . **• Banden'a Electric Belt ;
Second : street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington '• * never t sold In ■> drug stores \
street; Denver, -Colo.: 981 Sixteenth street; nor 4by .traveling agents; only *.;4
Dallas, Tex., 285 > Main street; Buue. Mont.. ' \at our, office. . <
110 North ; ; Main; street. . . »—————: — — -k:,i
CAMP MEADE TROOPS
OFF FOR THE SOUTH
Graham Expects to Have His Corps
in New Quarters "by the Mid-
die of November.
CAMP MEADE, MIDDLETOWN, Pa.,
Oct. 30.— The first of the troops to leave
here for the new camp of the Second
corps at Augusta, Ga., will be the two
engineer companies. They will start to
morrow morning and will be followed
later in the day by the signal corps and
a wagon train. A detachment of car
penters and mechanics from each of the
three divisions will leave Tuesday for
Somerville, Greenville and Columbia, to
prepare the division camps.
The Pennsylvania regiments will not
start south until after the election. Com
missioners will be appointed to-morrow
by Governor Hastings to take their votes.
Major General Graham is anxious to get
his corps away from here as early as
possible, and expects to have all . the
troops in the South by the middle of No
vember. He will send a hospital car with
every train of soldiers. Pavilion hospitals
are being built in the proposed camps,
and detachments from the hospital corps
will leave Tuesday to get them in shape.
The Red Cross hospital here will be
abandoned . to-morrow and the most ef
ficient nurses here win be employed by
the Government to take charge of the
wards In the- hospitals at the new camps.
The sick in the hospitals here will be
shipped to Philadelphia every day under
the direction of the National Relief Com
mission, which has arranged with the
city hospitals to take care of the pa
tients.
Governor Hastings has appointed Al
fred Girard, who served with tho Rough
Riders in ' Cuba, a first lientenant of
one of the Pennsylvania regiments. Gir
ard is a son of Colonel Girard, chief sur
geon of the Second Corps.
REMARKABLE STRIKE IN
THE REPUBLIC MINE
Free-Milling Ore Yielding Fifteen
Ounces to the Ton Pierced
by a Tunnel.
SPOKANE, Oct. 30.— The most marvel
ous strike recorded in a mine of Wash
ington was made to-day in the Republic
mine at Republic, on the north half of
Colville reservation. Free milling ore
averaging 15 ounces of gold or nearly $300
to the ton, was encountered at a depth of
400 feet from the surface. The drills cut
through twenty-four feet of ledge, the
last sixteen feet averaging fifteen ounces,
and the farther wall of the pay streak
has not yet been encountered. The Re
public mine tunnel is 145 feet long, having
been driven with a view of ascertaining
if values on the surface held with depth.
The mine has always shown rich ore,
but this discovery makes other mines
near by almost certain of encountering
the ledge at great depths.
The effect of the u.scovery was electri
cal in Spokane. A party of mining brok
ers has done a landofflee business all day,
although it was Sunday and speculators
were supposed to be at home. Quotations
for stocks .of mines in the vicinity jumped
from ten to thirty-five cents a share and
10 I I 00 shares of various companies chang
ed hands in the afternoon. The stock of
the Republic has until now been quoted
at $25.
JOCKEYS ON THE RAMPAGE.
Man Killed and Another Wounded
in a Saloon Row.
NEWARK. Ohio, Oct. 30.— James Mullen
of Geneva, N. V., was killed and James
Rvan of New York was badly wounded in
a saloon row among horse jockeys last
night. The shooting was done by Charles
Moon of this city, who became implicated
In the quarrel.
LIST OF PHIZES.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
LOTTERY
BENEPIGENCS PUBLICA.
The 117 th ordinary monthly drawing:, Clas3
K. drawn In the City of Mexico on October
27, 1898. -;•-■'
Special Notice — The public Is cautioned to
beware of concerns claiming to operate lotte-
drawn in the City of Mexico on October
pedal Notice— The public is cautioned to
i'are of concerns claiming; to operate lotte-
ries in the City of Mexico, or any other point
in the republic of Mexico, as all such concerns
are fraudulent,
'he lottery of the Beneficencia PubMca is the
only one authorized and indorsed by the Mex-
ican National Government. . Beware of spu-
rious imitations and see that all tickets are
signed by A. Castillo, Intervenor, and.U. Bas-
setti, Manager, as none others are genuine.
Noi Prize. No. Prize! No. Prize.
16 .. 100 167 20 177 40
374........ luO 406 20 610........ 40
Ined by A. Castillo, Intervenor. and V. Bas-
ti. Manager, as none others are genuine.
Prize. No. Prize. jNo. Prize.
•i. !!!!!!! luo 406.'.'.'.'.!!'. So! 6io!!!!!!!! 40
783 20
!l!!!!!!!! 100 952........ 20 1005 20
10S8 20 1159 20 1203 20
1242 401 1255 40 1260 20
1269 40 1431 40 1642 100
1666 40 1750 20 1570.'....... 100
1880 20 ISS2 40 2347 40
2395... 40 2543 40 2548 20
2604 40 2695 20 2814. 40
8122 40! 3143 20; 3161 40
! 81S3 20 3396 20 3492 100
3597.. 20 3.H35........ 20 3916... 100
3949; 20 4024.. 40 416S 100
4560 200; 4635 20 4673 40
4709 100 4822 401 4595.. ...... 40
4973 20 4959... 100, 5047 40
I 5062 20 5067 20 5175 30
6235 .!!!!!« 100 5277... 20 5669 40
C 750 40 5788... 20 6819 20
6898 !!!!!!!! 20 6161!!!!!!!! 20 6579 40
6767 20 6754 40 6918 20
7194. 20 7265 40 7360 200
7466 20 7536 20 7644 20
7657........ 20
7738 40 1 7791 40 7967 M
| 7991 10001 SIMS 800 8058 20
8157 20 5214 20 8351 40
8808 20 8995 20 j 9073 100
9101 20 9118 20 9129 20
9130 40 9157 20 9194 20
I 9206 20 9216 20 9266 40
9296 20 9305 40 9428 20
9187 20 9524 20 9398... ■■ ... 100
9624 40 9653 20 9722 20
9765 20 9772 40 9846 100
10233 40 10308 40 10391 100
104Z3 20 10553 20 10573 20
10883 20 10951 40|10375 40
11199 20 11311 20 11256 20
11448 20 114S0 20 11578 20
12160 100 12314 40 12364 M
12424 40 12427 20112489 20
12503 20112549 20:12595 40
12667 20 12749 2012788 100
12951 2012983 40|13072 20
13189 20 13194 100113208 20
13597 40 13612 10013632 20
13716 10013744 20 13543 100
13552 20 13596 20 18973 20
13995 20 14106 100 14439 40
14507 20 1451S 20 14650 20
14712. 20 14720 20 15140 20
15161 20 15170 100 15274 20
15284 15365 ... 49115608 ,20
16679 40115738 40 15514 20
16001 20 15065 100 16213 100
16228. 20 16238 100 16294 40
16372. 20 ; 16481 40 16616... 20
16994 20 17024 200 17044 20
17131 20 17136 17216... 40
17233........ 20 17289 40 17412 20
17562 40 17795 100|17594 20
1803S 40 18062 100:18174 .. 20
18448 40 1 18508... 20 ISS9S >. 40
18885 10000 18908 100:19032 40
19142........ 20 19152 2019161.. 20
19195 40 : 19328 20119475 500
19496 100 19560 40 19568 40
19602 20 19626 20(1909 40
19733 100 19833 20 19905 20
19914 20:20015 40 20053 20
20244........ 20 20255 40.20529 20
20669 . ... 20 20672.. 40)29756...".—-. 20
20893 20 20909. 20 20920 40
20989 20 21099 20 2 J IBI 100
21265 2U.21358 100 21440 40
21491........ 20121616 20 21680... 40
21741 40 21755 40|2177S 40
21793 20 21841.. 40;21554 40
i 22241 20 22655 20 22713 20
22715 100 22727 4022505... ..... 1000
23004 20 23046... 40)23112 20
ysM*"*"*' 200 23235!!!!!!!.' :"23:k.i!!!!!!!I 40
23254 40.'23519 200,23526 20
23551 100 23588 20 23902 20
24050 2024122 20 24134 20
I 24333 20 24345 100 24446 20
24344 4024590 20124649 40
I 24701 200 24749........ • 40 25021 '20
25191 20 25258 .' 20 25461 20
| 25469 20 25478... -■.... 40125503 40
25540 . 20 25718 600125717 .20
25352 20 - - - I ■-■ .. -'-- r > -y
25754.; .. 100 25800 20 25901... 40
23U60 .... 20126049........ 2026096 20
26138 ... 200 26294 20 26388 20
26414 40 26450.. 100 26475 20
26495 . .... 20,26545 100|26509 20
27131 40 27197 20127233 20
27412 100 27419 20127453 -• 20
27500 20127506 40 27524.. 20
27532 . 40 27558 100 1 27879 20
28120 '!!.... 40)28232 100.28335 20
28574 . 20 28624.". 20 28934 40
29319...' 2029390 20 29466 20
29583 .... 20 29605 20 29734 20
29510 '20 29975 100 i
30176 20 30355 20130452 20
30520 40|30594 20 30723 100
30540 : 4030848 20 30927 40
130978 .. 20 31130 20 31228 200
31313 20 31371. 20 31441 20
31549 40 31572 20 31C07 40
31629 31635 20 31640 20
31644 31814 20132019 200
32186 10032233 4032264 200
32597 100 ! 32620 20182738 20
32564 20 32976 20 33006 40
32253 20 33364 20133423 20
33533 40 33348 1000 33651 .40
33744 20 33769 20 33988 40
33992 20 34025 20 34158 20
54225 40 34269 " 20 84357 20
84358 40 34397 20 34501 200
34320 20 34569 40,34511 20
34918........ 20 34935 40
34379 2035053 20 33405 40
35477 40 35485 20:35.'.64 20
35655 20 35706 20135795 20
35949 20 36200 20136264 .40
33385 20 36413 20136430 20
36331.. ... 20 36730 40>36750....*.. 100
36866 40 36971 100|37154 200
37259 10037261 100 37264.. ...... 20
3741G . 20 37496 20 37525 ...20
17541 20 37639 100 37643.. 20
37«98 ;.' 100137811 40 37833........ 60000
37994 20 35293 600:38329 200
35343 4038407 100:38551... 40
3SSO2 20 38505 200 35563 40
38947 100 38960 2039073 100
39091 .... 20 39126 2039809 20
33493 40 39555 40 ! 39624 20
33721 40 39790 201
40140 20 40563 40 40624 20
40640 10040795.. 20,40804 20
41064 20U11.-7 20 41251 20
41475........ 20 41515 41542 100
4157J 10041629 20 41671 500
41SS6 40 41904 20 42061 20
42169 1000 42271 20 42298... 20
42306 20 42336 20 42381 20
42491 40 42685 40142886 40
42942........ 20 43007 "... 20 43078........ 20
48084 20 43215 20 43438 20
43464.:...... 40 ! 43535 43551 20
43364........ 40 43609 20:43629 20
43665........" 20 43718 20 43810 20
43887 20,43957 20 44326 200
44332........ 20 •
44383 ...... 40 44422........ 20 44602 40
44662........ 40 44918........ 200 45134 20
45197........ 40 45250 40 43260 £00
45306 20 ! 45364 20 45376 20
45762 40 45792. 20[43877 40
46018 ....... 204GC25. 60046203  40
46J02 20 46343.. 20 46443 20
46515,. 20 46743 40 46752 40
46761 40,46942 40 46970 20
47045 20 47212. 100 47221 40
47229 20 47334 40 47433 20
47445 20147610 2047722 40
47807 20 47874 20 48114 .20
45353 .... 40 ! 45395 20 48493. .20
48496 . 8048666 20 45583 200
48720... 800 48757 40 4SSBI 40
....... 2045965 40149078 20
49173 40 49257 20:49273 100
49311 20 49351 4049405 20
414451 200, 49460 20 49508. ....:.-. 20
49910 ' 4049948 20 49952 40
50082 ...... 20 30236.. 20 50241 20
50271........ 20ii0324 20 50399 20
50324 20 60887........ 20 50710........ 100
60751 ...... 20 50752........ 40 50576.. 20
51128... 40131247........ 20151284 40
61346........ 20 51470 40151430 ' 40
61510: 100 51519.....;.. 20 51574 40
E1605........ 20.51GC4 ......' 20 51788 ...... 20
51801.' 20151949. 40 51956... 40
6206$ ' 20(52227........ 20 52267 40
52193 20 52753........ -20
62625........ 40 52758... 100,52516 20
C:989. 1000 53041 100 53310 40
63937 40
53459.. 800 55547 20 1 54067........ 40
54133 40:54153 100 54184........ ; 40
54303 40 54365........ 2054497 20
54752 40 54963 40 55156 20
55238 100 55374.:...... 20 55458 100
55543........ 20 55723...'..... 100 35900.. 40
66102.... .... 200 56329........ 20 56339.;...,.. 20
56358:... .... 20 56413 20 66453.. 100
56752 100 66802... 20 56871.... 20
CGB97 .:. 2057099.. .'2O 57103. '20
57139........ 40 57152........ '40 37202 """ 100
57245........ 40 57375.... ■...'.20 57420... 100
67574........ 40 j 57676........ 20157756 20
57779 40 57957. 200 58058.. 20
55331.. ...... 20:55493 40 58577 20
68674 20;SS6S7 ...... 20 58810 ...... 20
55855.. 40 58907 40 38907........ 40
58976 100 55057........ .20 59192........ 20
59196.. 600 59301.. 40 59456........ 100
59496.: 20 59508 40 59562........ 20
59599 .... 20 55616 .... 40 59673........ 100
69744 55894........ 40 59894. ...... 40
60261........ 100 60294 •40 60478........ -40
60555........ 2080689 100 60822........ 40
61012 40 ! 61034........ 20 81325........ - 40
61469 20 61658........ 20 61871........ 100
62086........ 40 62182........ 40 62278........ 40
62486........ 100 l 62567 20 62605........ 40
62718... 20162723 ..20 62759.. - 40
62831 20 62942 40 62971........ 20
63018 2G'83032 ........ 20 63379 40
63649... 20 J63665... ..... '■ 40 63732......... 40
63*31 40 64095........ 20 64210 20
64428........ 64503.: 20 64635........ 40
64658;.......' 20164735 ...... W 40J54759 ■ 40
64*31. « 20 64m..««,.«4 40163Q& M *««^ «,
LIST OF PRIZES. 3
No. Prize. |No. Prize. (No. Prize.
65210........ : 2065224 *° 585 43
•65259. ...... 40 65424 100 65437 29
66475... 4065553 40:65583 20
65577.. 65930........ 40j60997 40
66058 ...... 100.66235 20166290 20
66322 .20000 66403 20 66499 40
66549... 40 66599 20 «6602 401
66786 • 40 66847 20167224 .20
67246 100 67459 :.. 100 67462 40
67572.. 200J67781 20 68032 20
65070 - 4W65195 20
65198........ 20|65273 40 68604 40
65613 20.6*635 20 65607 20
6*773 40 65757 100|65»51.., 20
69.>44 4069047 20 69125 20
69193 4069277 40 69570......... 40
89545 .. 20 69727 100:63773 •• 40
69507 :::::: 40 70070 20|70109 20
70163 ... 2070238 40 70254 20
She 2070433........ iootoms €
70616 40 70620 20 70947 100
70616........ 40 71067.. 30 71101......... 20
71192 40 71194 201712^9 iW>
SEE SpE: SffiHE 40
71613 ... 20 71804 40]71881 40
71935 200 73091 80 7JO2J «>
iiX= 4f1:7".)7i . 20 72132 40
™-z MS:E: sSHE T,
72S23:::::::: 407282s «wg «
7295S 800J738M 40.,3044 0
7^::;:;::: 20 73646....:... 20 73501 - 100
73506 .100 73874 20 74191 20
74208........ 20 74274 £u££ " In
74508........ 40 74518........ 20 "4873.. 40
«S:::::::: IE: .SpS:::::::: 9
SiHE SBSHEi SSK8:::::::: 13
El: i!i£::::::: ssSHE |
76120 : 40 76204........ 100 76246 20
76825"- 10076883 40 76914 20
765Z0........ 2077002 20 77007 20
tS::::::: 40 771^ 20 77257 100
riina 20 77397 40 77405 20
mil:::::: lonfes.::::.:: 20 77457 100
77659 20 77694 40 77703 20
77742 .... 10077781 2077783 20
77794".::::.. 20 77906 20 77962 20
Ism"*::::: mum 2078547 100
78581 :-::..! 20 75559 40 78722 40
7SSIO I 40 78908......... 20|75910 100
79160 40[792«8 40 79253 40
79331 20179490 20 79507 40
79532 20 79567 20 79569 20
79575 . 40 79900 20 73933 40
79950 20 79976 40
Approximation prizes— loo numbers from 37.7*9
to 37,889 inclusive, being 50 numbers on each
side of the number drawing capital prize of
$60,000. $60; 100 numbers from 66,273 to 66.372
inclusive, being 50 numbers on each side of tha
number drawing capital prize of $20,000. S4f>;
100 numbers from 18,836 to 18,935 Inclusive, <a -
ing 60 numbers on each side of number draw-
ing capital prize of $10,000. $20:.79y numbers
ending with 39, being the last two figures of
the number drawing thn capita] prize of $60.-
000, $20; 799 numbers ending with 22, being the
last two figures of the number drawing tha
capital prize of $20, «w. $20.
No. 37839 draws first capital prize of $60,000,
sold In Galve3ton, Tex., and San Francisco,
Cal.
No. 66322 draws second capital prize of $20,-
000 sold in Vicksburg, Miss., and St. Paul.
Minn.
No. 18,885 draws third capital prize of $10,000,
sold in Honey Grove, Tex.
Nos. 7991. 22.505, 33,548, 42.169 and 52,969 draw
each $10,000, sold in Guaymas, Sonora, St.
Louis, Mo., New Orleans, La., San Francisco,
Cal., St. Louis, Mo., New York city, Galves-
ton, Tex., San Francisco, Cal., and Denver,
Colo.
The regular monthly drawing, lIS, with cap-
ital prize of $16,000, will tak.> place on No-
vember 24, IS9R. Wholes, $4; halves. $2: quar-
ters, $1; eighths. 50 cents; sixteenths, 25 cents,
United States money.
ANTONIO PEREZ,
For the Treasury Department.
• U. BASSETTI.
Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO,
Intervenor.
Read the following certificate:
Seal of the Department of the State of Mexico,
First Section, No. 2087.
In conformity with your commission of
the Ist instant. I hereby certify to the truth,
of the following facts:
First — That by virtue of a concession granted
by the federal executive of the Mexican Union
your company is the only one operating a lot-
tery called the "Lottery of the Beneflcencia
Publica," for the support of charitable insti-
tutions.
Second — That your company has faithfully
and honestly conducted the operations of said
lottery, fulfilling with uniform integrity and
to the entire satisfaction of this department all
its obligations toward the government and
toward the public, without giving the slight-
est onuse for complaint up to the present date.
Third— That the official intervenor of said
lottery, whose duty it is to supervise the draw-
ings and all other operations, is Senator Apo-
Hnar Castillo, and finally, that you . are tha
manager of the company reff-rred to.
Liberty and Constitution, Mexico. September
9, 1898. (Original signed) COSIO
To Mr. ITlisseI T Iisse Bassetti. manager of the com-
pany operating- the lottery of the Beneflcencla
Publico.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cai.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1897. and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
• CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash 41.250,000 00
* ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company...... $647.000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages : 1,554,590 00
Cash market value of all stocks
and bonds owned by company 6,724,568 75
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 14,800 00
Cash In company's office 73.224 05
Cash in banks 742.545 44
Interest due and' accrued on all
stocks and loans 66 73
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 25.93* 43
Premiums in due course of collection 1,107,871 37
Rents due and accrued „. 1.034 44
Total assets 410,894,629 23
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $147,326 23
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense . 290,967 S3
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 71,495 23
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $4,342,541 31;
reinsurance 50 per cent 2,171,270 65
Gross premiums, on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, 15,133,-
822 07: reinsurance pro rata 2,637,813 14
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 75,000 00
Total liabilities '.............$3,394,833 IS
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
. premiums $3,742,564 74
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 71,498 19
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 1W.757 fis
Received for rents . IJ7JS 33
Total Income $6,133,555 93
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $453,630 85, losses of pre-
vious year 5)............... $3,212,619 45
Dividends to stockholders.... 375,000 00
Paid or allowed • for commission or
■brokerage. ; 903,621 37
Paid .: for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 434.730 37
Paid: for State, national and local
taxes ........„...: ...... 127,663 34
All other payments and expenditures &<)<>, 343 4 ■*
Total expenditures $3,560,015 02
: • ■ « . Fire.
Losses incurred during the year."....53,195,720 28
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- •
ten during the year.... $591,318,441 $7,236,258 32
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 589,274,573 7,360,465 03
Net amount in force De- ■<*
cember 31, 1897.......... I 784,594,406 9,476,363 33
QEO. L. CHASE, President.
P. C. ROYCE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th
day of January. 18S8.
M. B. SCOTT. Notary Public
H. K. BELDEN,
Manager Pacific Department.
WHITNEY PALACHE, Assistant Manager,
313 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Special Agents and Adjusters! J. J
AGARD.d.d. DENNIS, JOHN M.
HOLMES.
>fjRyDEWEY,STRONG ScCO.^g^
(1 -patents! ;)
MARKET ST.Sf.^S^CORINTHIANS IN WINTER QUARTERS.
MANY of the Corinthian yachtsmen spent Saturday afternoon and the early part of yesterday morning In prepar
ing their craft for the winter. Light spars and canvas were stripped off, cushions, blankets and cabin furnish
ings taken out, stoves and cooking utensils packed, and all stowed away in the club house. During the morning
launches hurried to and fro and preparations were made for raising the draw-bridge leading into the lagoon. At 12:15
a team of four horses was attached to strong blocks and tackles, and with a little creaking the bridge was success
fully raised, though not quite so high as it might advantageously have been.
The yachts, towed by launches, then began to file through the bridge. The first to pass through was the yawl
Spray, which was followed by these yachts in the order given: sloops May, Lois, Thetis, Volunteer, Clara, Ella, Ro
ver, Thelma Emelie, AVawona, Halcyon, Juanita, Merope, Cupid, Venito, Mignon, Paul, Queen, Edna. Pride, Amigo,
Truant, Emma, Flirt, Rambler and yawl Seven Bells. The launches Gipsy, Cynthia, Envoy, "Wang and R. Tittel's
Crescle rendered mosf valuable service In towing. The yachts passed through almost without a hitch. The wire
rope stays of two or three caught against the bridge, but they were quickly released without Injury.
The launch "Wailelo was not so fortunate. In trying to pass out of the lagoon Into the bay through the bridge
the falling tide carried her broadside on to the bridge, breaking some of her windows and their frames.
After the yachts came the arks, which, from their size and unwleldiness-caused more trouble. La Fiesta, Pa
loma, Utopia, El Pizo, one belonging to A. P. Rothkopf, and two or three others, were at last all safely got through,
with some soraping of their sails and the loss of a little paint.
Though a large number of the Corinthian yachts are now lying in the lagoon, the following are still out In the
cove: Onimodore Carl Westerfeld's flagship Aeolus, the yawls KJttlwake, Plnta, Arcturus and Naiad, and the
sloops Mistral, Ceres, Wave, Harpoon and Phoenicia. The sloop Nixie will be drawn up on Stone's ways and pro
tected by a canvas cover from the rains. The sloop Stella is drawn up on the beach, and the schooner Bonita Is on
"ways." Thus nearly one-third of fleet will spend the winter outside of the lagoon.
GOOD LOCK
ATTENDS THE
WHALING FLEET
An Enormous Catch
Is Reported.
WORTH NEARLY A MILLION
A CHANGE FOR THE MEMT WHO
WERE xROZBN IN.
The Call's Relief Expedition Seems to
Have Had a Beneficial Effect
on the Fortunes of the
Whalers.
Vessels. Whales.
Grampus 36
Beluga 31
Beleana 24
Narwhal . . . 22 1-2
Mary D. Hume 10
Karluk > • . , 6
William Baylies , 6
Jeanette , . . . . 2
Alaska • « 1
Total 138 1-2
■hove is the catch of the whaling
October 19 as reported by the
r Portland. It is one of the largest
- : and represents In round figures
a million dollars. The Portland
reports the fallowing whalers as
Bow-head, Alice Knowles, Thrash
- dere and Alexander.
Mary I■. Hume left hero in April,
■1 tho Grampus in March. 1895.
the Hume has pent consignments
Sun Francisco and on one oc
tl •■ <atch of the Grampus came to
wners, the Pacific Steam "Whaling
All the other vessels left here
;. 1807, save the bark Alaska. She
gold hunters to Kotzebue Sound,
when she had landed her passengers
Cogan went on a whaling cruise.
enormous catch 123Vs whales were
by the vessels of the Pacific Steam
■ "ompany, 8 by vessels owned
h Blum & Co. and 8 by the Wil
ylles, of which William Lewis Is
and th« odd one by the bark
■-counts for the entire fleet which
the Arctic with the exception of
•:<ss. which was clean when last
: >m, and the Orca, Jessie H. Fr«e
:.d Rosarlo, which were wrecked.
the Portland left Unalaska for
randsco the Baleana, Karluk and
us were in port getting ready for
me run. The ship James Neysmith
■ In port ready to sail for San
Isco and the schooner Moonlight
OolOTtn Bay.
BRAVE TENNESSEEANS .
SAIL FOR PHILIPPINES
SEVEN COMPANIES LEAVE ON
THE ZEALANDIA.
A Large Crowd Assembled at the
Pier to Bid the Soldiers
Good-By.
At exactly 3 o'clock yesterday after
noon the transport Zealandia weighed an
chor and pulled out from Pier No. 7 with
seven companies of the First Tennessee
Regiment aboard. As the big vessel
swung around In the stream the great
crowd on the pier sent up a, mighty cheer,
which was answered by the soldiers as
they waved a good-by with their hats.
The soldiers left camp about 9 o'clock In
the morning. The seven companies in
cluded the entire First Battalion, Major
Bayless commanding, and thro companies
of the Second Battalion, Major Cheatham
commanding, and all under the command
of Colonel Smith. The most direct route
to the J transport was taken and by noon
all the men were aboard. A large crowd
assembled at the pier to see the Tennes
seeans off, and the majority of these were
women, who brought flowers for the sol
diers and other last souvenirs
The Pennsylvania will sail on Thursday
or Friday with the entire lowa Regiment
and the City of Puebla will get away the
last of the week, if She is ready by that
time. The assignments to these trans
ports have been made. The Newport is
ready to go now, but General Miller will
wait until the City of Puebla is ready
he desires to see all of the troops off be
lore he goes.
th^ 8 p?^ n1 Surgeon R - M - mrb y Smith of
tne i-irst Tennessee Regiment, who has
25SVJ C ? for some time, has recovered
ana he has been detached from duty at
the Division Field Hospital and ordered
to rejoin his regiment.
Upon the recommendation of the chief
surgeon Acting Assistant Surgeon G. W.
Daywalt, United States army, now in this
city, has been assigned to temporary
duty at the Division Field Hospital.
GOD'S METHOD OF PURIFYING
He Places Grave Responsibility Upon
Man That He May Knew How
to Properly Govern Men.
The First Congregational Church was
filled to its utmost capacity last even
ing, the occasion being the song service
of welcome to the pastor, Rev. George
C. Adams, D. D., who has just returned
from his vacation. He has been in the
East ■where he has traveled extensively.
The theme of the pastor's sermon was,
"God's Method of Purifying a Nation."
He chose as his text the fortieth verse
of the thirty-second chapter of Jeremiah.
"And I will make an everlasting cove
nant with them that I will not turn away
from them, to do them good, but I will
put my fear in their hearts, that they
shall not depart from me."
Dr. Adams spoke of the fact that the
corruption now existing in the large cities
would be for the present overshadowed,
because the nation's attention was cen
tered in the great questions that were
confronting It. In tnlt connection he
mentioned the pending annexation of the
Philippines and Cuba. He said that men
would have to be placed in the new ter
ritories to govern them, and that their
responsibility would be great, and that
under them would grow up a good people",
who might some day in some measure
effect the purification of this country-
Then he cited the fact that the wisest of
England's rulers had grown up in her
colonies. These men saw the necessity
of good government because their re
sponsibility was pxpat. and that thus it
was God deepened a man's nature by put
ting upon him grave and great responsi
bilities.
During the service the choir sang Rud
yard Kipling's "Recessional," which has
been set to music by DeKoven.
THE HAPPIEST LIFE.
Rev. J. Hemphill Preaches on How
Man Should Live for the Life
of the Hereafter.
Rev. J. Hemphill filled the pulpit of hia
church, the Calvary Presbyterian, last
evening. His topic of discussion was,
"The Happiest Life, and How to Live It,"
and he chose his text from the tenth
chapter and tenth verse of the gospel of
St. John, "I am come that ye may have
life and have it more abundantly. The
preacher began by saying that life had
been likened to vapor that was as noth
ing. Vapor, he said, was steam, and that
was more than nothing, for science by Its
aid was enabled to draw a train from
the Pacific Ocean to the Atlantic and
back again in ten days. He then quoted
from a number of the world's greatest
authors, who have treated life as a little
thing and of small consequence, and by
logical deduction showed the folly of
their doctrines.
Life, the Rev. Mr. Hemphill said, was
what we made it, and we could make
little or much of it. It was In our hands
to give a good account of our days on
earth and to make the world the better
for our having lived In it.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Cold Weather Reduces the Crowds.
Aquatic Contest', at Sutro
Baths.
Yesterday was a poor day for the pleas
ure seekers. Down in the city, where
protection is afforded, the weather was
comfortable, but out at the park and
Cliff the winds were raw and wintry.
The crowds were not large, and all who
ventured forth In search of amusement
returned to their homes early in order to
get warm.
An average crowd, notwithstanding the
rawness of the weather, visited the
Chutes. At Sutro's Baths the usual
weekly swimming contest was the fea
ture. Following are the results:
00-yard dash for novices, won by Norman
Benson, R. White second; 100-yard daah, won
by E Bonlfleld, A. Hay second; obstacle race,
w-on by E. Bontfleld. A. Hay second; 50-yard
tub race two In a tub, won by S. Duran and
A Hay *H. Hailer and B. Berry second; special
7',-vard'dash. won by George Lacoste, Andrew
Bloney second; trick and fancy diving con
test resulted in ft tie between R. B. Cornell and
a" J Baker; trapeee and high diving, won by
F Raymous, R. S. Freer second.
Holy Cross Bazaar to Close.
To-night the ladies of Holy Cross fair
will wind up their labors in connection
with the bazaar at Native Sons' Hall for
the beneiit of New Holy Cross Church,
and Judging from the humor they are in,
they must be highly pleased at results
The programme of this evening, in addi
tion to a short address by the Rev J. F.
McGintv will consist of a errand chorus
by the Philharmonic Society of the West
ern Addition, selections by a beautiful
string orchestra from the celebrated com-
Do""rs and several other varieties
The various prizes, including a house
nnd lot and a horse and buggy, will be
d?awn for The "beautiful doll." present
ed by Mrs. Coughlan thaT won tfie prize
at the ''Paris Society of Arts" and which
is valued at $1000, will be sold.
The Holy Cross Fair Journal, which has
kept such a lively flow of news during the
whole time the bazaar was on. will make
Us lilt appearance, with a valedictory ad
dress from the editor, John J. O'Toole,
and several well-selected essays
There will be no tickets offered for sale
a-f the evening will be taken up with
the programme and the auctioning of the
prizes. Admission will be free.
The Camera Club.
A free slide exhibition, under the
außpices of the California Camera Clob.
wM be given In Calvary Presbyterian
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1898.
Church, corner of Powell and Geary
streets, this evening, beginning at 8
o'clock. Walter Burke, F. R. P. S. of
New Zealand will show 150 lantern slides
of New Zealand, with short descriptions.
C. H. SUMMERS ARRIVES,
The General Circuit Manager of the
Western Union Is Here on
Business.
C. H. Summpyj, electrician and general
circuit manager of the Western Union
Telegraph Company, arrived in San Fran
cisco this morning. He is at the Palace.
Mr. Summers has charge of all lines of
that company west of Pittsburg, known
as the central division. Ho is inspecting
the principal offices with a view of ascer
taining the wants of the different locali
ties with reference to increased tele
graphic facilities and he will visit Los
Angeles, Portland, Seattle, Victoria and
St. Paul before returning to Chicago
win-re I'O is stationed. Mr. Summers is
one of the best-known telegraph men in
the country, having been in the service
since the close of the Civil War.
He will remain la San Francisco a week
or ten days.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure Ruarant'd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. Cal.
HOTEL AEBIVAIA
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
? W J^. lnters Stockton J Kerr, S Jose
LL CTC T ™ nl , te> An ° W Birch, N V
w A Dlckerson, Sacto If George, Madera
T H n-3\ C01 % x ,, ° Malln & w - Valle
A- 5 P., Br , - £° lfa *\ J B Williams. N V
? 1 Olirlen. . Seattle Mrs Ferguson, L Ang
«- A n^ ng L Ogden P Anderson, Nevada
T ?. ranam - <? akdale J L Dexter, St Lake
T N Witt, Martinez M Boyle, fracey
E Genseh. KuJsun F G Rogers. Vlsalta
T Kermode&w, R Vista J Sherwood, Fresno
PALACE HOTEL.
A VV £ B - Log Ane I Mrs 11 F Kraft, Chlo
S G , Murphy, Stanford C H Summers, Chic
HII Bell. Stanford E R Spauldlng. Denver
n L. Reward Stanford T E Gibbon, Los An
Q \\ Bush, Stanford W H Carbould, London
fa Robinson, Stanford L Gundelnnger, Cat
W L Beedy, Stanford \V Rodman. Ix>s Ang
I- M Miner Chicago De Fous, Tahiti
J H Jones, N Zealand Montaut. Tahiti
Mrs L Brown, Chicago W W Treat, Boston
I 1I 1 w Si** - ch T ' " ; Mr 6 W W Strohn. Cal
A H Atherton, Boston I ' .- iT^.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J M Glass, Lob Ang Pearl Andrews, N T
F Hennessy. "Hogan's L Jaffe, Healdsburg
A" 6 *' . _ Mrs L Jafte, Healdsbg
$V V a . Hau *>- cto J A Chase, San Jose
Mrs Temple, Sacto P C Brock. Alameda
2 M Lovelace, Alaska T Halsey, Kan Jose
¥ ? •'I-V^'h N Yorh J Williicrod, San Jose
A A liaker WaUonv 1) $ Murphy, San Jose
Mrs A A Baker, Wat- E B Green & w, 8 Jose
PonvillD j a Benham. Fresno
§ H Cooper, Watsonv M D Arthur Vallelo
S1!1^S 1 ! 1^^ 8411 Jose S F Roee. tj B N
H A Kinder .Sacto iFA May hew, Oaklnd
£ £?! ; Chloa »° G W. Chandler Jr. Mil
ABC Dowdell, Cal | H Green, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
W M Lowell, Sacto Miss Davidson N V
J McDonnellfl Menlo F M West X* V
G Wilson. Newcastle E M Selby. Montana
Dr Johnston. P £ lla D Mitchell Moscow
J Philips. Omaha X Duncas. Minn
A A Guirne, Mich J Regan, Cal
Dr George, Antloch j Trewick, St Lake
MR < ooper. L Ang H ShackelforrJ & w O
E Webb &7- ,S, S Lorenz T T Taylor, Napa '
U Hubbard. \allejo C P Burney, Oakland
C W Morton. Sacto L Vampa & w, Oakld
W Lawler, S Rafael A Hudson. Hollister
rVV V..^'^ 1 il.i 1 . Sl cto v J Brown, Newcastle
C X Field, Stanford M J Brown, Newcastle
G G Gage. Stanford A Sllva, Newcastle
C D Smith. Portland B F Carr &w. Seattle
T A Davis. Salem E Geissler & w Cal
M^? 2 av iK 3On ' ¥,?, . J C Campbell. Marysvl
J C Needham, Modesto
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 30, 6 p. m.
The following: maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 68; Fresno, 72; Los Angeles, 68; Red
Bluff. 78; San Luis Obispo, CS; San Diego, 68;
Sacramento, 72; Independence, 72; Yuma, SB.
.San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
59; minimum, 55; mean, E7.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm noted oft the coast Saturday has
moped eastward at a high latitude and la cen
tral to-night north of Montana.
The vveuth'-r is cloudy and threatening over
the entire Pacific Slope and rain has fallen
from the vicinity of Cape Mendoclno north
along the coast and from the Oregon line In
the interior. Scattering light sprinkles are re
ported from California.
The pressure is now rising slowly along the
coast and falling over the Interior.
The temperature fell slightly in California
and in the western portions of Oregon and
Washington and remained stationary in other
districts.
A wind of thirty miles per hour from the
southwest is reported from Carson City.
Conditions are favorable for showery weather
Monday In California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, October 21, 189S:
Northern California— Cloudy and threatening
wtth light scattered showers; fresh west wind
Southern California^— Cloudy and threaten
ing, probably with showers on the northwest
coaet Monday; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with showers Monday
cooler.
Utah — Showers Monday.
Arizona —Cloudy, with showers in the north
portion Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and
threatening Monday; frefh west wind.
Special from Mount Tamal pals— Clear; wind
west, 15 miles; temperature, 53; mixlmum tern
perature, 62. G. H. WILLSON
Local Forecast Official
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographies
Olnce, located in the Merchants' Exchange \ a
maintained In San Francisco for the benetit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
tree of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice statins whether the ball was dropped
I on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
I in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
I Ensign (retired), U. 8. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
i United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low weters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
'< twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
I the nelght of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 31.
Sun rises ♦ 6:16
Sun sets 6:IJ
Moon rises 6:22 p. m.
O'Tlmel (Time Time [Time
p i Feet. Feet Feet. Feet.
S JH W !l W HTV (l, W
81 1:11! 4.3 6:37 3.0 11. « 6.8 6:46
1 2:04 4.2 6:12 8.1 12:20 6.5 7:82 -0.3
2 3-01 4.1 6:55 3.3 12:55 5.2 8:17 —0 1
3 4:00 4.1, 7:43 3.5 1:29 4.9 9:00 0.2
4 4-57 4.2 8:50 3.6[ 2:08 4.6 9:45 -0.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning- tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides o£ the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is tha mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Alliance -•-
Czarina
Bristol
North Fork
Leelanaw
Santa Rosa
St. Paul
Oeo. W. Elder..
Acapulco
Charles Nelson.
Fulton
Chllkat
Ruth
Navarro
Arcata
Mackinaw ■
San Mateo
Coos Bay
Queen. ..'.
South Portland.
Pomona
Empire
Del Norte
Ell Thompson..'
Columbia I
Corona '
State California,
Portland Oct. 31
'Seattle — Oct. 81
Departure Bay Oct. 31
Humboldt Oct. 31
Seattle Oct. 81
iSan Diego Nov. 1
iManila Nov. 1
IPortland N ov . l
Panama Nov. 1
Puget Sound Nov. 1
Portland Nov. 1
Humboldt Nov. 1
Tlllamook Bay Nov. 1
Yaqulna Bay Nov. 1
Coos Bay Nov. 1
Tacoma Nov. 2
Nanaimo jNov. 2
Newport >Nov. 3
Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 3
(Pufret Sound Nov. 3
Humboldt Nov. 3
Oos Bay Nov. 3
Crescent City Nov. 3
(Seattle Nov. 4
IPortland jNov. 4
ISan Diego ]Nov. 6
Portland |Nov. 7
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
State of Cal 'Portland
Pomona ....jHumboldt
Homer [Newport '
Alliance ...lOreßon Portß.
Marlposa . .jSydney
Umatllla ..Vic & P*t Sd. j
Chllkat 'Humboldt
Santa Ropa Sin I>lego I
G.VT. Elder! Pirtland ]
Arcata j Coos Bay
Coos Cay... 'Newport
C. NelPon..|Puget Sound.. L
Columbia ..IP^rtland I
Destination.
Balls. I Pier.
Oct. 31. 10 ami Pier 24
Octt 81, 2 pm Pier 9
Nov. 1, 9 amlPier 11
Nov. 1, 9 am Pier 20
Nov. 2, 10 pmiPier 7
Nov. 2, 10 ami Pier 9
Nov. 2, 2 pmiPier 13
Nov. 3, 11 amlPler 11
Nov. 3, 10 am; Pier 24
Nov. 3, 10 amj Pier 13
Nov. 8, 9 am|Pler 11
[Nov. 5
INov. 6. 10 am ' Pier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Knnday, Ootob«r 80.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, 82 hour* from
Tacoma. Oakl.ind direct.
Nor stmr TltH:ila. Egenes, 92 hourm from Na
nalmo. I'd river direct.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 18 hours from
Cleone.
Ptmr Portland. Lundquist, lS'/i days from St
Michael via Vnt-a SVi days.
Stmr Lacuna, Ericsson. 21 hour* from Bear
Harbor.
Strnr Albion, Daniels, 38 hours from Crescent
City.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, 70 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Ptmr Navarro, Walvig, 66 hours from Ta
qulna Bay.
SAILED.
Sunday, October 80.
Stmr Cleveland, Pierce, Seattle.
Stmr Samoa, Jaynsen, Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Ltehney, San Diego, etc
Stmr Cieone. Miller, Albion.
Ptmr Noyo, Lun<l<iui?t, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Manila via Hono
lulu.
Br ship Galena, Blair, Art -
Br shli> Yarana, Robertson, (Portland.
Bark Gatherer. Sti.rkkebye, fTacoma.
Bark S t: Alien, Jf.hnHon. Hc&nlulu.
Bark Kate Davenport, Merriiiun, Port Blake
ley.
Schr Julia E Whalen, NOyes, Cllpperton
Islandc and sealinsr cruise. ,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct. 30, 10 p. m.— Weathei
:loudy; wind S«'; velocity 6 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Portland -Sailed from St Michael Oct 11
for Unalaska with stmr Sadie In tow with 31K
passengers. Oct 15 arrived at UnaJaska; fine
weather. In port at Unalaska— Ship Wachu
sett. for Puiret Sound. Oct IB— Stmr Walcott
arrived. Vessels at Dutch Harbor Oct 20—
Bark James Nesmlth, for Puget Sound, ready
for sea; schr Moonlight, from Golivln Bay
and St Michael. Palled from St Michael Oct
20 for Unga. Arrived at Unga Oct 21 and sailed
same day at 6 p m; 311 pas^■p^s^e^s for San
Francisco; fine weather th» entire voyage.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSE.ND- -Arrived Oct 29— Nlc
bark Hundaleer, hence Oct 37.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Oct 29— Schr Cha« Nelson,
for San Francisco.
?OKT HARFORD— Arrived Oct 29— Schr
Chnllenper, from Seattle.
POUT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr
Pasadena, from Kur-ka.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 30— Stmr Geo W Elder,
for San FranoiFcn.
Arrived Oct 30— Ptmr Columbia, hence Oet 28.
SAX DlEGO— Sailed Oct 30— Aus Btmr Bur
ma, for Nanaimo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 30— Chil ship Star of
Italy, from Honolulu for Puget Hound; ptmr
Mackinaw, from Tacoma for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 30-Stmr Chllkat, he
Oct 23; stmr Alliance, from Coos Bay; schr
Sparrow, hence Oct 21; schr Mabel Gray, from
Newport.
Sailed Oct 30— Stmrs Sunol, Lakme. Bruns
wick and Alliance, for San Francisco; schr
Metha Nelson, for Sydney.
GRAYH HARROR-Arrlved Oct 30— Bchr Nep
tune, henoe Ort 22.
COOS BAT— A/rived Oct 30— Schr Gem, he«
Oct 22.
POINT ARENA— Sailed Oct 29— Stmr Alca
zar.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr O Loomis.
hence Oct 23. and sailed for San Francisco
PAN* PEDRO— Arrived Oct 30— Schr Bertie
Minor, from Eureka; bktn Monitor, from Eu
reka.
Sailed Oct SO— Schrs Twilight and Alice, for
Eureka.
COOS BAT— Sailed Oct 30— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
COMOX- Sailed Oct 27— Stmr San Mateo, for
San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Oct 25— Haw
Bh!p Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu.
TIENTSIN— SiIIed SeDt 26— Bktn John
Smith, for Puffpt Suiml.
PROCLAMATION
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
6ACRAME.ro, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to- wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section IS. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thirdi
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such Indebtedness as It falls
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any n-.aterlal furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby exoepted from the pro-
visions of this section ; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay its exist-
ing indebtedness Incurred in the construction
of its water works, whenever two-third* of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any lndebted,-
PEOCLAMATION.
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-ha.:, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
counties of locai county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7H- The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at leaat five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers 01 gen-
eral circulation In such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a genera! or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
D-oved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
etise become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
aM amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of Fuch county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State, the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at intervals of not less than two
y^ars, by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation in such
county, and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
For the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
others.
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which, the times at which, and the terms for
Which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion; for tr>e number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also, to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted; and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out, adopted any
county government act, and the fame shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid, the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters hereinahove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not bo
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by ampnriment first
submitted to the electors nnd ratified in the
manner hereinabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
Mtj
A resolution proposing to tha people of tho
State of California an amendment to the Con-
Btitutlon of the State, by adding a new section
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for tho
organization of a court, tc be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 5H- The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hi-ar and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
ir X Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
and
In the City of Sacramento, commencing on
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding euch term of court shall
re -eive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expense*, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
Etate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending: article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 6V4. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resclutlon to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which It Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but snail
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
Mate, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability sha..
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, tho president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
unrll such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such tfpneral election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 35.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
6lx. article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
whloh it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
hating more than one thousand Inhabitants. In
which a course of study ehal! be taught which
wiM prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
raring or scientific department of the Unlver-
sT>- of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion Jo sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
6hall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resumo their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation
fix a date for Buch reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
tear ion. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-rive flays, and
PROCLAMATION.
no bill shall be introduced In either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the i consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of ; California, entitled
"An act to." provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments' to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the Qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7, A. D. 1883,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby publish!*l and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on ! :-V ;
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898.'
The said proposed. amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
Each ballot used at such election must eon-
■ tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francleco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City • Yes
of Vallejo for the construction of its 5
water works from , the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they wero
incurred). ■">■ "?■ '/
For the Amendment? ;
Amendment Number Two. being Senate f
Constitutional ; Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for ■ framing local county •
government - acts by inhabitants of No |
counties for their government)..
For the Amendment? '
Amendment Number Three, being Sen-
ate i Constitutional Amendment No.'
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims " Tea
against the State, . and to consist of
- three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? ' '
Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 87 (exempting consolidated cities Ye» I
and ■ counties, organized or to be or-- " . :
ganized. or holding a charter un- No I
<Jer the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea !
providing for succession thereto in ■
certain cases and removing disability . No '
of Lieutenant Governor from holding 3
other office during term).
For the Amendment? -.;. : .'
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- ' ' j.'-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 3S Yes
(relating to and defining Grammar-
Schools). No
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Yes
Legislature for not less than thirty i
nor more than sixty days during each No
session).
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written.
JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of Stata.
foif, A T. 1
X^tk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^r^-fSm 625 KEABXT ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNT XT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
PfiJUti. *%'nl Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
fi^fyJS^^ i* disease wearing 0:1 body and ml nd and
ifeSS'V?®.! Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
SfflSSSaflSEl others fall. Try him. Charges low.
rTTimiifflfni < — t-t nnt--i* Callorwrita
| Dr. J. I*. i«IB«O.\, Box 1957. .San Francisco.
I Weak Men and Women
SHOULD use damiana bitters, the
*^ great Mexican remedy; gives health and
! strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Go,
i tat, Steamers leave Broadway
! \^3-11— wharf, Ban Francisco:
Itf^'^sS^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. si..
I lUlPCljri^ Oct. 3. 8, 13, 13, 23. 28, Not. 2.
I f-iih.e^W^ transfer at Seattle.
I 1 HR3R ilka For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
J i£s£,f£i£ fg H ! s C.) Port Townsend. Seattle.
I lr^^^HßEm Tacoma. Kverett. AnacortM
and New Whatcom ("Wash.). 19
a m. Oct. 3. 13, 18, 23, 28. Not.
■ anil _,_ fifth day thereafter, transfer at
b"s S^rssswwff ess*
d ¥or he eaS"a er Crt«. Monterey. San Simeon.
ra^iCM Port Harford (Ban Luis «
OnvW?' Banta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
fa^PeVo^East San Pedro <Lo« Angle.) and
Newport 9 a. m.. Oct. 4, 8. 12. 18, io, t*. to, nor.
1, Ini I every fourth day thereafter
ford (San Luis Oblspo),. Santa Barbara. Port
I -75 Kn^^S^a Bay.^an Jgj*.
! ""For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to enang*
without previous notice steamers. Balling date.
""TIOKKT* OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
tICKBT OFFICE — * New Montgomery
St^^rPK||NS o & fl W..a n en^ t a^
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
. ■- ■ ' "~*
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA 3STID
From Spear-Ktreet Wharf at 10 «.m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
rAIiL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo. W. Elder falls Oct. 7, 16. 25. Not. X
Columbia sails Oct. 10. 19, 28. Nov. 8.
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22, 31, Not. 9.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent -
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
r ° (French Line*
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -"-^-T
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday^ fffj^
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, North £a '= 2 * E&
River, foot of Morton street.
LA TOURAINE :... ...Nov. 5
LA GASCOGNE Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE Nov. 19
LA BRETAGNE Nov. 26
LA TOURAINE Dec. 3
First-class to Havre $90 and upward,- 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. ...
PHVIIIIBKR The S. S. MARIPOSA
$S£ll8ll!£L salls via Honolulu and
'•giK»a""W Auckland for Sydney
y"* Wednesday, November
SfrWnSniDi-' 2, at 10 ATOTRAUA,
StMm^ninJ ' s - s - Australia,
QHw]lllJl!l(/ 1 - sails for Honolulu only
■ /Kfflß^D/i* Wednesday, November
«^_ iyi»^yHtTi6, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Afrrlca. ■
J D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents.
114 MontffomeVy st.
Freight office — 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEH3.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
• '" Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. Tnes., Wed.. Thure. and 5at...... ,
■■ 9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. in. ex. Thar*.)
Fridays.... 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Eundaya .......10:30 lum. and 3 p. a
Landing and of flees— Mission Dock. Pier t.
Telephone Red 8141. ,
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERT DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Jose, 60c; round trip, 75c. Delightful Bay
Excursions, Alviso and return, 75c. Telephone
Main 1350 . ■.-. . -...-.-
: RAILROAD TBAVEH
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Via Satuwlito Ferry.
FROM BAN'FKAAUStU.TO AIIL.L vai.t,e
- AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— ?7:2O, •9:30.- 11:00 a. m.: «l*4t
8:45, 6:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m. ■ '
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Monday
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, 'lOiOO. ni:33 a. m.: n-15.
8:00, »4:30. 6:15 p.- m. . '■
J Trains marked • run to San Quentln. '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— "6:35, 7:45, »9:39 a. m.
•12:20, 2:20,, *3:45. 6:05 p. m. . .. -•-.;-.-
EXTRA s TRIPS *on . Mondays, Wednesday
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00, . •10:00. - »11:55 a. m :
•1:15. '3:10,4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45. 7:55, »:40 a. m. :
12:35, 2:45. 3:E0.-6:20 p. In. \ .•:,■■ *
. EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesday
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. - .. ■ ..
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 1:20. 3:20
t:00. 6:20 p. m. -. -/ ■ •.-..-- - . : . .'
/  THROUGH TRAINS. ,
7:20 a, m.week | days— Cazadero and : way I sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — ' Mills and -way
•-'„..- stations. V ■ -:• ..;,•.- \. - : ' J..-J.-..5
|;00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way it a*.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ■■_ t
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
-.■■•..". (PACIFIC BTHTKX.)
**nla« leave nnd nre due to arrive »l
...... : »AN-rKAKCI!MJO. -- -■
> (Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
Mat* - - - From Oct. 9. 1898. - abuts
.' •6:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Station*. .. *Bi*aA ■
« :00a Beuicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 10«45a
<:Ooa Marysvilie, OroTille and Redding via
Woodland Si4B»
»!•• a Elmir*, VacaTille and Rumsey. •«48»
4 «80a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nap», '
CaUstoga and Santa Rosa «»18»
■:»«A Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and East.. 8i4»»
»'*•* Ban Jose, Stocktou. Valley Spring;
.. lone, Sacramento, Marjrnvilie,
Chtoo. Tehama and Red 81uff.... «ilBf
■•■•*• Stockton, Ookdale and Jamestown.. 7ilsr
•SiSOa Milton •7ll»»
•:eOA Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Merced
and Fresno 12:13?
■i«Oa Fresno, BakersQeld. Santo Barbara,
Los Angeles, Deming, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East Mil
........ Fresno, Uendots, Tracy and Mar-
tinez -.„■ 6i 4 3 r
10:00 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station* 7»4«p
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers ••xOOp
1 :OOf Nile*. San Jose and Way Station* ... 11 :45a
.'.San Jose, Nilee and Way Stations... }«« 1 »A
t:00p Xi!es, Tracy, Mendota, Hanluxd and
Visalia 4il3r
LlTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations 110i13a
«'••' Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callatoga, El Veraoo and
Santa ; •iIS»
4iO«r Benicia, VacaTllle, Woodland.
Kuights Landing, MarjrsTUle, Oro-
Tllle ami Sacramento 10:49*
4:SOp Haywards, lies and San Jose 7:43 a
s:Ot>p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno, 7;" V 1
Mojare, Sauta Barbara and Los '
Angeles , 9i4oa
, 0:00r Santa Fa Route, Atlautio Express
for Mojare and East 0:43
StSOp Nile*. San Jose, Tracy. Latbrop, ".:&•>
Meroed and Fresno. ........
3:30 Stockton.. I«tl5»
«:O»r Kuropean Mail, Ogdeii and Bast.... 9:43 a
•O:4M»r Vallejo *. 1*:13»
t?:«Or Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta- ■ "-
tions ' }tt49»
ClOOp Oregon Saorninente, Marys- .
»ilie. Reeling. Portland, Puget
| Hoiin.l ami ICant ■■■•■■ 8«1»A
KAN LEAN PRO AM) IUI'K.MtDS LOCAL.
(Foot ot Market Street.)
Mo) rose, Seminary Park, f
8800 a Fitchburs;, Klnifiurst, ,J|;!$ A
<OiOOa Baa l.oniidro. Kouth S«i ,}!:,.?*
io.ooa Leandro, CstndlUo, Witai
<i 1:00 a LorenicCherrj ' "i^Sj
5f22^ naynard*. «3j45p
7.00P { Ranll through to NMe^ 7i43p
j t From Nile*. I.
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge). "^*
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:13 a Newark, Centeryille, Han Jose, Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way '
Stations Oi3»*
•Ssl3p Newark, Centurrille, Ban Jose, New ~
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »10«S»a
4ilSp Newark, Eon Jose and Los Oatos... 9:20 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and '• '
t Station *1 AiS*a
4il3p Newark, San Jose and Los Oatos... 9:20 a
li43p Hui-tors' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7«— t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIR mHCISCO— foot of Market Strut (Slit J)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. {1:00 *3:09 13:03
•4:03 tB:0O *6:COr.M.
rromOHLISD— •fßr«dw»T.— *fl:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
113:03 »l:00 12:00 «3:00 ti:00 *S:C3fJL
-. COAST I»I VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
7:OOa Sau Jose and Way Buttons (New
Aluiaden Wednesdays only) - li3»p
SiOOa San Jose, 'Ires Vinos. Santa Cms,
PaciHc OroTe, Paso Rubles. Saa
■ Luis Obispo. Goadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4tlol
10:40 a San Jose and Way Stations *SiO*A
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations Si*9a
■Si43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Oilroy. HoUUter. Santa Cms.
Salinas, Monterey au* Paoilio
Grove v .. .......... *10s3«a
•»:SOp San Jose and W» 7 Stations "0:00*
•■I:lSp San Jose and Prl.kipal Way Stations S>U«
■Si-iSp San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Joso,
Ollroy. HoUlster, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey aud Paclllo
Grove v *lO:3*A
•B:S»p San Jose and ffH Stations *»:o0 4
•4:1 5p San Jose and Pit teipal Way Stations »:43*
■ *5:00p Sao Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:334
5:3O» San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:30*
6:a«» - San Jobs and Way Stations 7:80f
Ili4'<p San Josaand Way Stations 7t3Or
A for Morning. . P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE :
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUnuvß Vttj, Po«« «f Market 8s»
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:J3.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips at I:as
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, t:*L
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 13:i5,
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips a
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. ~
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
i o Leave - Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco,
i — — ; — October 18, .
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ant
8:30 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22 po»
Fulton,
7:30 am) Windsor, 10:36 am
Heaidsburg,
Lytton,
Geyaervllle,
8:30 pml 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:22 pta
Hopland and
i 7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. . 7:36 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevUle. 7:35 pm
I « :30 pm B:Mpm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma ' 10:40 am B:4o am
and
[ 6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:23pm
; '7:3oam 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 7:35 pm 6:22 pro
I Stages connect at Santa Rosa lor Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at O«y-
wrville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for VJchy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's"
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr'a
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Weatport. Usal. Willitts, Laytonvllle, Cum.
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia ana Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*;.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED will be re-
sumed for the fourth season, on November 7,
running three times a week. Magnificent ves-
tibuled train, with DINING and OBSERVA-
TION CARS. Connecting trains from San
Francisco Sundays, Tuesdays and Fridays.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
YOU WILli BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fa.
■ FfiANCIScb You Travel on the Santa ST.
FRANCISCO TICKEfiICE— 628 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento — 201 J. Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAB JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10, 1898. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. •" North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Pasaea-
- ger. Sunday . . Sunday gar. :,
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. \ Exc'ptd Dally.
9:2oam 9:23 am Stockton ' 3:45 pm 7:00 cm '
11:10 am 12:50pm Merced 12:50pm s:l3pm
12:4upm 4:1.1 pm Fresno :30 am 3:45 pta
l:SSpm 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 2:4opm
4:25pm 11:59 pm ' Bakersfleld ' 2:3oam 12:10 pa
I:sBpm 7:sopm Vlsalla | 6:40 am j 2:20 ptn
Stopping at intermediate points as reaulred. "
• Connections— Stockton with steamboats of * ;•
California Navigation and improvement : Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15 p. m.
dally.
For stage connections see official time tab!*
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Of ace. 331 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via SSausallto' Ferry.) , - : .
Leave San . Francisco, ° commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11. IS9S: ....-.-•■ • . ••■; ■••■•.-" — •
Week . Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. ■m. ■ : V? =-
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:16 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, jl. .• ..
THOS. ; COOK & SON, Agents, ■ 821 Market
street, Sao Fraaciaco, ' , .-.,: , ■ -
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NOT A TIME
TO EXERCISE
SELFISHNESS
Republicans Facing a
Grave Duty.
CAMPAIGN OF WHISPERING
CANDIDATES WATCHING THE
SILENT VOTE.
Ticket Scratching at This Time Can
not Fail to Have a Pernicious
Effect on the National
Party.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 30.
Although but one week will elapse be
fore the State election, there Will no
floub be many changes in the standings
of some of the county candidates in that
period. Politics are mixed in Alameda :
County -badly mixed. The unanimity \
which prevailed locally at the time of the
primary which elected George C. Pardee ;
a candidate for the nomination of Gov
ernor, has disappeared, and a few selfish
office-hunters are inaugurating a return j
to factionalism which cannot but have a j
pernicious effect unless it be stifled or i
killed off during the coming week.
The Republican county ticket fairly ;
represents the wishes of the party. All j
talk of favoritism, slates, foreign bosses
and similar things are but the walla of
disappointed and out-generaled cand »
dates. In politics, as In business, the j
Bhrewdest and most persevering reach
the top. and this is true of mose candi
dates nominated at San Leandro. It is
but fair to presume that those Intelligent
gentlemen who nominated the ticket I
knew wthat they were doing. It is not j
reasonable to presume that when they j
voted to nominate Judge Allen, Mr. Jor
dan or Mr. Dalton they did right and that
they suddenly lost their senses and be- ;
came irresponsible when tney nominated ■
Mr. Church and Mr. Talcott. Part of the
district represented In the Board of Su
pervtsors by Mr. church is the Fourth
Ward. Among the representative Repub- |
licans who compose the Fourth Ward
delegation was Dr. George C. Pardee. If
Mr. Church deserves the confidence of Dr.
Pardee he can certainly be trusted by the
remainder of the party.
For reasons kept below the surface, but
which are none the less apparent, an ef
fort is being made to throw the control in
the Board of Supervisors to the Demo
crats, and regrettable as the fact may be,
some Republicans a-e aiding the move
ment. Such practices degrade party poli
tics and reduce them to the level of the
ephemeral organizations that bob up in
the morning and die with the darkness.
Buch practices do not build up Repub
licanism. The fact seems to be lost sight
of In this county that a stream cannot be
purer than its source. The inspiration
imparted last week by the Hon. Webster
Davis to the vnst multitudes that assem
bled in the big tabernacle, would give
this county a larger Republican majority
than she na. c ever known if those who lis
tened to the great speaker would be lead
by th^r convictions and not by their per
sonal prejudice or selfishness. Thf broad
spirit of his address was a refreshing
contrast to the personal plaints for votes
■with which the voters have been satiated
for over a month. Mr. Davis did not
once ask that any one vote the Republl
can tlrk.t. He simply told in language
forecful. as simple, of the great principles
of the party and left the rest to the in
telligence of the voters. He advocated.
IN DESPERATION SHE
WOULD DON TROUSERS
Pretty Waitress Finds Her Sex a Serious Drawback in Earning
Her Livelihood.
-i-tDITOR Query Column: Will you kindly Inform me, through your paper, if
there is any way I could get permission Inform me. through and to whom
there Is any way I could get permission to wear male attire and to whom
i t I would have to appeal?
By so doing you would greatly obligp. a woman who has for years been doing
a man's work at starvation wages and who Is drfVen to desperation.
A. B. C, Mission street.
In a vast tenement house on Mission street lives A. B. C. Her four sisters
share her cramped quarters, and, like bar, strive to earn their livelihood as wait
resses. Ail the girls urr: employed in one of the largest downtown restaurants
that make a. specialty of the employment of women, at .wages that are nearly less
than 50 per cent of what man commands.
A. B. CL, though only about twenty, has known for years the responsibility
of taking care of herself and her many sisters. Life for her has had no pleas
ures. It has been work from early morning till late at night— work with aching
brow and heavy heart— work and smile and earn $6 26 per week.
Poor little waitress! Spending her Sunday, her day of rest. In tidying up the
"housekeeping rooms," mending sisters' clothes and washing aprons and caps for
next week's duties.
"I'm desperate." said the little girl, "that is all there is about It. Doing a
man's work and getting far less than a man's pay is not very amusing. I must
earn more money. I can't live on the salary I am now receiving and there is no
possibility of an increase of wages. I ask no consideration tot my sex, but I do
ask for equal rights. There are many things— disagreeable things— that employ
ers never think of asking a man to do (and they do ask me), but that is not what
I complain of. I want to be paid for the work I do.
No A. B. C, there Is no way In which you may gain permission to wear male
attire ' so as you may command the salary your work deserves. But there ought
to be a way that you may command that salary and therein lies the work of the
champions of the persecuted, the weak, the unjustly nerved.
by natural inference, the election of every
Republican candidate. He painted In
plain words the duty of every citizen to
sunnort the administration, especially at
this time, when the eyes of the world are
turned toward this country and her for
eign relations more than at any time in
American history.
Without a suggestion of bombast ana
without rendering himself liable to the
charge of being verbose, Webster Davis
left on his vast audience this deduction
from his speech: "If the next Congress
should not be of such a political complex
ion as to show to all nations that Amer
ica indorses and supports the acts of her
President and her army and navy during
the past year, what view would the
European powers take of the Spanish-
American peace commission now sitting
at Paris?"
He did not answer the question, but left
it to the common sense of his hearers.
No better example of duty could be plac
ed before the Republican party in Ala
meda at this time. In order to support j
the administration of President McKlnley j
it is necessary that Congress should be
as near a unit as possible. If the princi
ples df Republicanism are right for a
Congressman, they are right for a Gov
ernor, for a County Assessor. Recorder
i r i 'ounty Clerk, for a Supervisor and
even for a township Constable. Only by
building from the firmest of foundations j
can a staple structure be reared, and If j
it be right to vote one part of the Re- I
publican ticket. It must be right to vote j
it all, for the intelligent men that nomi- ;
nated one secion as faithfully represented i
the party as those who nominated other |
sections. If party fealty means any thing
it means this.
The defeating of the bond Issue on Sat- !
urday has again drawn attention to the I
"silent" vote of this city. It was stated |
in this paper on Saturday morning that |
the bonds hung upon the silent vote and j
although all the surface Indication were :
favorable to the proposition, the voters ]
who do their thinking at home were nu
merous enough to prevent the. necessary
two-thirds majority.
Oakland has had many startling ex-!
perlfnces with her silent voters. One of j
the most notable experiences of this was ;
the election of John L. Davie for Mayor
four years ago. His opponent. J. W. Nel
son, had the nomination of both the great i
parties and also of the Non-Partisan or- j
ganization, then In the zenith of its power.
Everything was apparently for Nelson till ;
the votes were counted and it was then j
discovered that Davie was elected. H. P.
Dalton was likewise elected by the silent
voters, when surface indications pointed
to the election of R. S. Leckie. At this
time the center of interest to politicians
is the silent vote that will be registered j
next week. There has probably never
been a campaign when so much whisper
ing has been done, and the effect of this !
will decide the fate of many candidates.
The fate of the bonds is proof that the
balance of power is still with those who ■
do not voice their politics on the side
walks. STI'ART A. BOOTH.
ANNUAL HARVEST FESTIVAL.
Appropriate Exercises at Many Oak
land Churches.
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— The annual "har
vest festival" was observed at some of j
i the local churches to-night. At the First
Presbyterian Church the space about the
pulpit was a veritable picture of plenty.
Fall stalks of corn graced the sides, and i
nt the base and upon the platform was
any amount of fruits of the land— apples,
provisions, preserves, packages of mush i
and cornmeal, sacks of flour, and in Bhort,
a rare quantity of wholesome good things
that the deacons and deaconesses of the
church will distribute among the needy j
families of this city. The musical ser- ;
vices was specially arranged for the large |
choir, and the competent quartet of the
church was heard to advantage in Dud- i
ley Buck's "Festival Gloria in Excelsis."
Rev! Dr. Coyle's sermon was short, per
tinent and most appropriate to the occa- j
Eton. He spoke on the special reasons of j
thanksgiving. First on the crops of the
country at large. Secondly of the success
of the country's flag; its wonderful his
tory during the past six months; and he '
expressed the hope that it continue to |
float where once planted as long as it
floats over the capitol at Washington.
The evening services at the First Con- ;
gregational Church 'also consisted of a i
harvest festival by the church and Sun
day school. Rev. Charles R. Brown, the
pastor, delivered an appropriate address. |
and the musical selections rendered by |
the choir were from "Harvest Cantata," ;
by Dr. Garrett.
'At the First M. E. Church an autumnal
service was held this morning. This was :
arranged by the young people's society of
the church specially for the elderly folks.
After an address by the pastor a reminis
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1898.
cence service was conducted by Rev Dr.
Wythe. ; - ' «,*
"The Remarkable Parables of the Old
Testament" was the subject of Rev.
Philip Graff's fifth lecture at the First
Free Baptist Church to-night. 
Rev. Dr. Lacy of Christ Church, Ala
meda officiated at this morning's services
In St. John's Episcopal Church. .
Rev. CM. Hill's sermon at the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church to-night was on
"The Bondage of Wrong Doing.
Rev. John Gray of St. Paul's Church.
Los Angeles, occupied Rev. Marshall
Law's pulpit, at the Church of the Ad
vent, East Oakland, to-night.
Miss I. C. de Veiling, State lecturer and
organizer of the W. C. T. U.. spoke to
night at the Chester-street M. E. Church.
At the First Christian Church Rev T.
D. Butler's morning sermon was on Our
Forefathers," and in the evening he spoke
upon "What Our Forefathers Taught.
"Reapers and Reaping," was the sub
ject of Rev. C. H. Hobart's sermon to
night at the First Baptist Church, the
particular occasion being a harvest praise
service.
Rev. E. E. Clark's evening subject at
the Fruitvale Presbyterian Church was
"Life's Harvest." _
"Help From the Old Testament for Pres
ent Day Life" was the subject of an In- I
teresting sermon by Rev. J. R. Knodell I
at the Pilgrim Congregational Church
this morning.
"Woman on County Division.
OAKLAND. Oct. 30.— The Woman's
Club will hold Its November meeting next
Tuesday afternoon at the home of the
Misses Olney at Centerville. when the
prime subject to be discussed will be
county division. Most of the members
favor the affirmative of this question,
hence an interesting discussion will be
forthcoming.
■ ♦ ■
A MOTHER'S SAD BURDEN.
1 Mrs. Enos' Little One Dies From the !
Injuries Sustained by a Fall.
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— Mrs. Joe Enos re
turned to her home, near Haywards, late
last night, carrying in her arms the dead
body of her 11-monthsold baby with whom j
she fell down a cellar stairs at Davis* :
grocery, corner of Ninth and Wash- i
ington streets, yesterday afternoon.
The child's skull was 'fractured, and j
though Drs. Sharp and Church success- j
fully performed the operation of triphin
ing in the hope of saving the little one's j
life, the subsequent strain was too great, ;
and during the evening the child died
at the office of Dr. W. B. Church.
The grief-stricken mother hastened
with the corpse to her home, and not un- ;
til to-day was the Coroner's office notified, j
when it was learned that Dr. Church had ■
signed the death certificate. On this,
however, no permit for the burial could |
have been obtained from the Health Offl- !
ecr. An inquest will be held to-morrow I
night.
Father Yorke to Lecture.
OAKLAND, Oct. CO.— Rev. Father Yorke !
will deliver a lecture to-morrow night in
the Tabernacle on the subject "First !
Principles." This will be Father Yorke's
last appearance in Oakland for some time, ;
since he will soon go abroad. The pro- j
ceeds of his lecture will be given to the
fair fund of Father King's parish.
Berkeley to Meet lowa.
BERKELEY, Oct. 30.— T0-morrow after
noon the college team of the University
of California will line up against a picked
team from the regiment of lowa Volun
teers now stationed at the Presidio. The
game will be played upon the college
campus, beginning: soon after 3 o'clock.
The match is looked forward to as one of
the most interesting to be played this
season, for the lowa men, most of whom
come from the lowa State University,
have already defeated Stanford by a
score of 6to 0. It is expected that a dele
gation of from 300 to 400 men will ac
company the army team over to the uni
versity town, and the college students
will meet them at the train in a body and
escort them to the field.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 30.— The Fire Depart
ment was called out at 7 o'clock this morn
ing for a small blaze in adwellingoccupied
by A. M. Bates on Buena Vista avenue,
near Mulberry street. The fire was caused
by children playing with matches. The
flames were quickly extinguished. The
damage is nominal.
The Webb avenue chemical engine ex
tinguished a brush fire last evening at
the southern end of Grand street. The
fire was started by Japanese gardeners.
One of the city's electric light poles; was
destroyed.
Residents of the central portion of the
city are circulating a protest against the
establishment of a garbage crematory or
a public dump at the northern end of
Grand street.
EXCELLENT FIELDS
AT OAKLAND TO-DAY
SHASTA WATER AND BERNAR
DILLO WILL CONTEST.
Buckwa Will Make His First Start of
the Season Here — Longer Prices
Will Probably Prevail
in the Ring.
.Even though it be "blue Monday" there
should be no slump In the racing game at
Oakland this afternoon. The card Is quite
as select a one as that offered racegoer*
on Saturday, and the ring will undoubt
edly lengthen out the prices in the hustle
for business. Several "strangers" are
listed to start and this will tend to in
crease interest in the sport.
The entries are as follows:
First Race— Eleven-sixteenths of a. mile, sell
ing, all nges:
140 Reina dp Cuba.. Ml ... Highland 8a11. .121
... Excursion 107 ... San Carlos 1U
74 Major Cook ....113 ( 8S)MolIie A lia
25 Juanlta 119
Second Race— One and a sixteenth miles,
selling, three-year-olds and upward:
... Bernardino I^7 ...Plan 95
(147)Shasta V.'ater ..lf'7 147 P. A. Flnnegan.lo4
14.'. I ted Glenn ....104 147 Lady Hurst ....107
... Little Cripple. ..lo7 147 Benamela 104
... Eureka 107
Third Race— Six furlongs, two-year-olds:
63 Hemera 100' ... Romany 100
... Lothion lOOi 41 Ollnthus 112
92 St. Isldor 100 ... Jingle Jingle ..100
144 Sam McKee.ver.W3 l 144 Los Medanos ..103
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles,
three-year-olds and up.
146 Morinel 93! ... RoFinante 97
31 Buckwa 97 3S Cromwell 100
Fifth Race — Six furlongs, selling, all ages:
...Yemen 104 142 I^osettG 93
143 San Mateo 11l ... Mamie G 108
52 Kruna 100 ... Bliss Ruoker ... !<8
13$ Ruailwarmer ...100 ( 95)Manzanillo 104
13S Amasa 95 14? P F 112
142 Pn-rnrto 98 ( 34)Spt. McAllister. 107
85 Chihuahua '.'•' 142 Fig Leaf 104
... Whitcomb 104
Frank Eckert, the well known book
maker, writes a relative that he will not
come to California this winter. He wfil
heed his physician's advice and rest up
at Colorado Springs.
The Sacramento and Los Angeles
meetings, as well as a brief record of the
Montana meetings, is published in pamph
let form, issued by the Daily Racing
News, compilers of the official form
charts.
Walter Vivell, a popular turfman and
partner in the racing firm of Weaver & Co.,
lately returned from thesouthern portion of
the State, where he had been sojourning
with his newly married bride. The happy
couple are now kept busily engaged re
ceiving the congratulations of their many
friends. "Walt's" friends in the horse
business are legion, and his bolt to the
ranks of the benedicts was a great sur
prise. W r e join in wishing the newly
wedded couple every happiness.
Eastern reports say that Morgan Chirm
will probably be the starter on the big
New York tracks next season. His work
at Latonia, It is claimed, was of the su
perb order, and this, combined with his
great popularity, has earned for him
many friends.
Selections for- To-Day.
First Race— Excursion, Reina de Cuba, High
land Ball. \
Second Race— Shasta Water, Bernardino,
Lady Hurst.
!• .'. Third Race— Ollnthus, . Los . Medanos, ; Hemera.
Fourth Race— Buckwa, ;Roßlnante,; RoBlnante, Morinel. ; ';;-.
Fifth Race — San Mateo, Yemen, . "Whltcomb. v
■ m ■ — ■' •-.;■ " _ ■■ ■-.
■ '. For ©very I man who is unable to stand
prosperity there - are : millions who ? would
, like to try. • - -
ROCK ISLAND BOY
IS TOO CLEVER
FOR MAYFLOWER
Won the Big Coursing
Match Yesterday.
EXCITEMENT RAN VERY HIGH
A GOOD CROWD AND NUMEROUS
SPORTS AT INGLESIDE.
Rocket, a Short-Ender, Pulled Down
the All-Age Stake — Pleasant
Girl Beats Star of Cuba
for the Sapling.
The big event of the day, a match race
between Mayflower and Rock Island Boy,
was witnessed by hundreds of people at
Ingleside yesterday afternoon. The dog
proved himself too much for the bitch.
This became evident in the first heat of
the stake, so the bettors played their
money accordingly. The odds on the first
heat. were 1 to 2 "in Rock Island's favor,
but for the two successive heats they
tapped off at 5 to 3.
Eleven hundred and fifty dollars »c a
pile of money to be at stake, consequently
every advantage and clever play of either
dog brought forth a thunder of applause.
In ..ie first go Rock Island Boy led up
by three lengths on the hare and served
himself for the next turn. The hare
swung to the bitch for the kill. Score. 4
to 2, in favor of Rock Island Boy. A few
more points were made in the second
course, which was sensational and excit
ing. Rock Island Boy led in the run-up,
the bitch laying; off her game, and the dog
took the turn by three lengths, thus keep
ing possession of the hare for several
points and allowing the bitch only five for
her work. Score, 14 to 5. The third round
was short and may be told in a few
words: Rock Island Boy led off by three
lengths, serving himself for several more.
The bitch killed, but it was all she ac
complished, for the score stood 8 to 2.
In the all-age stake three dogs, all
owned by the same man, came in ror
final competition. Ordinarily the winner
of the last course would be declared win
ner of the stake, as there la no way of
guarding the entries, but in justice to ,the
betting public the rules of the Ingleside
Club require the owner to run his dogs to
a finish, and this finish yesterday added
anoti er dog to the long list of short-end
ers which had been coming in all day.
Royal Buck, Rocket and Flyaway were
mixed up in it for the last. Rocket beat
Flyaway in the last course of the fourth
round and thus Royal Buck and Rocket
stood against each other. The betting
was on Royal Buck and the odds were 2
to 1, but he made a fatal drive and fell
and his game was up. The dog was so
badly hurt he had to be packed in on! the
field.
The sapling stake was interesting.
Pleasant Girl won. Star of Cuba, who
was against her in the final did . some
clever work and greatly encouraged her
owners.
The results were as follows:
All-age stake— H. R. Baldwin's Brutus beat
Lowe & Thompson's High Born Lady; A.
Johnson's Tod Sljan beat W. Sweeney's Nancy
Lee: Bartel Bro«.' Mind Your Eye beat J.
Shea's Ka.thbtn«i F. Moran's False Flatterer
beat C. F. Brown's Nlda; P. Brophy's Benicla
Boy beet T. J. Cronin'a Maid of Ball; Hardy
& Smith's Ida bj-at R. Julian's Sweet Marie;
A. Fanninß's Babe Murphy beat Russell & Wil
son's Jenny Wilson; Russell & Wilson's Glen
rosa beat Deckel man & Panario's Royal Oak;
P. J. G. Kenna's Royal Buck beat F. Moran's
Flying Faster; P. J. O. Kenna's Flyaway
beat F. Moran's Golden Russet; P. J. G. Ken
na's Rocket beat Deckelman & Panario's Pet
Klrly; V. J. G. Kenna's Lawrence beat White
Earth kennels' Dakota; Bartel Bros.' Rest .As
sured beat Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen;
A. & B. kennels Irma beat H. R. Baldwin's
Forget; F. Moran's Bit of Fashion beat O'Con
nell Bros.' Senorita; F. Moran's Snapshot beat
Eclipse kennels' Killarney Lass.
Second round— Tod Sloan beat Brutus: False
Flatterer beat Mind Your Eye; Ida beat Beni
ola Boy; Hal"' Murphy beat Glenrosa; Royal
Buck beat Rest Assured; Rocket beat Bit of
Fashion; Flyaway beat Irma; Snapshot beat
Lawrence. ;
Third round— False Flatterer beat Tod Sloan;
Royal Buck beat Ida; Flyaway beat Babe
Murphy: Rocket heat Sr.ar>shot.
Fourth round— Royal Buck beat False Flat
terer; Rocket beat Flyaway.
Final— Rocket beat Royal Buck.
Sapling stake— Twilight kennels' Twilight
Jr. beat O. W. Eimer's Fair Florence: E. Bur
meister's Warrior beat D. Hooper's Morse Pa
trol: E. Bunnelgter'i Winning: Ways beat A.
& B. kennels' Rock Island Boy: J. Hurley's
Star of Cuba bent Orient kennels' Golden Rod
and Twilight kennels' Pleasant Girl beat A.
& B. kennels' Mies Rabbit.
Second round— Warrior beat Twilight Jr.;
Pleasant Girl beat Winning Ways; Star of Cu
ba ran a bye
Third round— Pleasant Girl beat Warrior and
;tnr of Cuba ran a bye.
Final— Pleaf ant Girl beat Star of Cuba.
MIALMO WINS.
J. Dean's Clever Hound Captures An
other Stake at Union Park.
Mialmo, the good hound owned by J.
Dean, captured the open stake at Union
Coursing P;irk yesterday and the old yet
game hound Firm Friend, owned by the
Pasha Kennels, was runner-up. The lat
ter dotf made pome grand performances
all through the day. Firm Friend is get
ting to be an aged dog and would no
doubt have won the stake had Mialmo
carried as many years and run as. many
grueling courses during the day. The tal
ent cashed on nearly all the courses, and
the short-enders had few occasions to
turn in their tickets. The results were
as follows:
Open stak<\<=econd round— Rope of Tralee beat
Laurelwi .1 ji; Van Knapp heat Las Palmas:
Urcn Valley Maid beat Lightning: Moondyne
II beat JMie of Moscow; Hayseed beat Inter
esting: L'ttle Delight beat Hercules; Hadlwist
beat Lok Boy: Mialmo beat Elcn; Rosebud beat
Commodore; Montana boat Moonlight; Firm
Frien-1 beat Gladiator; Sugie 1 eat Counterfeit;
Bonita Ix^at Ski' Sylvanus beat Left Bower;
Rusty f;.,1.l beat Right Bower; McKinley beat
Trinket.
Third nund— Rose of Tralee beat Van Knapp;
Mnnndyne beat Green Valley Maid: Little De
lisht heal Hayseed; Mialmo beat Hadiwist;
Rosebud beat Montana; Firm Friend beat Su
sie: Sylvanus beat Bonita; Rusty Gold beat
McKinley.
Fourth round— Moondyne beat Rose of Tra
lee: Mialmn beat Little Delight: Firm Friend
beat Rusf-bud; Rusty Gold beat Sylvanus.
Fifth round— Firm Friend beat Moondyne;
Mlalmn beat Rusty Gold.
Finn! -Mialmo h»at Firm Friend.
In tlif Vetoran stake, second round. Diana
beat l«.-.r.1er Ruffian; Master Glenkirk beat Red
Cloud
Final -Diana bent Master Glenkirk.
Puppy stake, second round— Gold Hill beat
Arab; "Motto beat Beauty Sr>ot.
Final- Motto beat Gold Hill.
• — — —
Coursing at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGEL.ES. Oct. 30.— There was the
usual large crowd at the coursing at Ag
ricultural Park to-day, at least 2500 people
being in attendance. It was a thirty-two
dog stake and Mountain Belle won first
money, with Poncho second, Ormonde
third." The rest divided. Judge John
Graoe Jr. of San Francisco officiated, as
usual giving general satisfaction.
Theosophical Meeting.
At the regular Sunday evening meeting
of the San Francisco Theosophical So
ciety Mrs. Annie Bryce spoke last even
ing on "Trifles." She said that trifles
■were the biggest of things in their conse
quence, and in their development amount
ed to more than at first seemed possible.
They were dangers that usually crept into
our actions and distorted our whole well
being.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr J.,a Tuor
alne, from Hp.vre-
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr ,Western
land, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oct 80— Stmr Campa
nia, for New Yorlc
HUNTER'S BATTLE
WITH A GRIZZLY
Desperate Struggle for
Life.
TIMELY THRUST OF A KNIFE
PIERCES THE HEART OF THE
BEAST.
Conqueror and Conquered Fall To
gether, the One Dead and the
Other Bleeding and To
tally Exhausted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KINGMAN, Ariz., Oct., 30. — Judge
Spates, an- old mining prospector and
hunter, has arrived here, after a jour
ney with his little burro caravan from
Southern Utah, 150 miles distant, and
is describing to his friends an encoun
ter he had with a grizzly bear a few
days previous to his s irting. He was
hunting for game and prospecting for
gold. Having been out farther than
usual from camp, he was returning
home post hr te in order to arrive be
fore darkness overtook him, when he
was suddenly confronted by a bear
right in his path and not more than
thirty feet away.
Spates brought his Winchester rifle
to his shoulder and fired. He missed,
and a bound brought the beast so close
to him that he could not fire again. Then
a struggle to the death commenced. It
lasted a half-hour or more. Spates
tried clubing his gun, but this was of
no avail, for he was in the embrace of
the grizzly. Next he fought desperately
with his fists.
Spates is a powerful man, though well
along in years. Seeing that the beast
was gaining the mastery he gave the
bear a powerful blow directly between
the eyes, which for the moment stag
gered it backward. This gave, him an
opportunity to reach to his belt for his
knife.
By this time the bear was again upon
him. With a desperate thrust the
brave hunter met the rush, plunging
the full length of the knife into the
heart of the beast. The bear dropped
dead and his conqueror fell to the
ground, bleeding and exhausted.
Regaining his strength sufficiently
Spates made his way home. He re
turned the following morning to view
the scene of his narrow escape from
death and to dress his game. It was a
powerful beast, and is believed to have
weighed 500 o\' more pounds. Most of
the meat wail feft hanging up in his
cabin, and the balance brought along,
together with the hide, which is soon to
go through a process of tanning and
dressing, to be kept as a memento of
the adventure.
Sport in the Handball Courts.
There was no abatement in the day's
sport at Phil Ryan's handball court, 858
Howard street. yesterday afternoon.
There was a lively set-to between the
crack players of the court. Bonnet,
Hampton, Kilpallon and Linehan. The
scores of losing and winning: are:
W. McCarthy and George Davoren defeated
D. Connolly and \Y. Fogarty. Score; 21-17, 14-21.
21-6.
B. Clements and W". Hassell defeated E. An
tron and T. Clements. Score: 21-13, 15-21,
21-19.
L. Canalne and P. Stelner defeated H. Ra
coulllat and M. McNeil. Score: 21-11. 16-21.
21-18.
Four French handball players from Bakers
field contested with a French ball, which Is
about the size of a baseball. They created
great excitement. They were F. Yperragulre
and P. Arrambld*. who defeated P. Yriharne
and M. Camlno and Pedro Chanchorena, Bcore:
50 to 35.
P. Ryan and M. Basch defeated E. Barry and
R. Hr.usman. Score: 21-IS, IS-21. 21-16.
C Quinn and T. Leach defeated T. Lydon and
T. Foley. Score: 21-12. 8-21. 21-13.
M Basch and P. Ryan defeated J. Dowling
and G. McDonald. Score: 21-19, 15-21, 21-17.
M. J. Kllgallon and R. Linehan defeated A.
Hampton and J. Harlow. Score: 21-11, 17-21,
21-14.
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton defeated M.
J. KU^allon and R. Linehan. Score: 21-20,
17-21, 21-15.
6AN IKANCrSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 3:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes st: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln 6treet; open unttl 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clcck. «'._»__«.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o clock.
252S Mission ttreet: open until 9 o'clock.
Mff. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON- _/\_
DAT), October 31, 1898, at 7:SO o'clock TKJT
1 p. m. Second degree. By order of the / >
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge. No. 260, F. • .
and A. M., Franklin Hall. 1839 FtH-~/\-
more st. Second degree THIS (MON-^fjP
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/^r >
order of the Master..
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. <^mMg,
O F.— Past Grand DR. GEORGIA igS^Sßtes:
W. DATWALT. U. S. A., will =!s<^«s="
lecture on his recent experience In '//iw
Manila MONDAY EVENING. October 31.
Visiting members cordially Invited. By order,
NOBLE GRAND.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. .-'■YtiW/'*- "
F.— lnitiation THIS EVENING. «§*T^!k£
JAMES A. WILSON, N. G. =^S~*aST
C. H. KORNLICKY, F. S. "W/WW^ ■-:
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
j , process from the Excelsior Mining Company,
'.In the -Excelsior mine, at Lowell Hill, Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings in the North
Fork of Steep Hollow; from Toy Kee, in the
• Fair Play mine, near Scales, Sierra County,
to deposit tailings In Fair Play ravine; from
S. F. Bullard and A. M. Gray, in the Gravel
Hill or : McCutchean placer ■ mine, - near Ne-
vada City, Nevada County, to . deposit tall-
Ings, in Little Deer Creek; and from Elmore
Rutherford, in the . Plumas Bonanza gravel
mine, near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to
deposit-tailings in Sherman ravine, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building. San Francisco, . Cal., on No-
vember 7. 1898. at 1:30 p. m. ■
MACCABEES, San Francisco Hive No. 8. meets
FRIDAY. EVENINGS, Stanford Hall. Alcazar
building.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or » country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel, 6650. \
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, II up;
painting done. * Hartmann Paint Co., 843 2d st.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
. falls or no fee: free diagnosis. 100 Halsrht at.
~ DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~
DIVIDEND No. 86 of the Oceanic' Steamship
; Company (fifty cents ; -;r share) , will be pay-
able at the -office of the company, 327 > Mar-
ket 6t., ' on . and after,. Tuesday, -. November ■1,
1898. Transfer books : will ; close -on Wednes-
day. October 26. IMS, * at 3 o'clock p. m.
'■-.- ... ■ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS AV ANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German 7 cook; best of refer-
ence; desires situation. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 216 Sutter st. . . .
FIRST-CLASS ; Swedish - laundress desires situ-
ation: - best city references. „* MISS ; CULLEN,
■■: 325 Sutler St. :. ■ ■ : - "f- ■■ .->.■ ~.r -' : ■■,■■.■■;'..,::■•■■
COMPETENT German second . girl and seam-
stress desires situation; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. . :>■:-. - •
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country.: ,MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 : Sutter st. ; _ . •.•■■■.•.; ; .
FIRST-CLASS colored cook ; desires - situation:
;- 4- years last place; city or country.- MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. - ,
JBITIDATIONS WANTED-Coßtlnned.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and houseworker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish houseglrl with good
city references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
SWEDISH girl, lately from old country, wishes
situation as second girl or laundress; strong
and willing; $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON.
Swedish and German Employment Bureau,
313 Sutter St.; tel. Green 731.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, will do dow*n-
stairs work or go as housekeeper; can give
references; city or country. Address 123
Olive aye., between Polk st. and Van Ness.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
situation for general housework: good plain
cook. 115 Wildcy st., off Flllmore. nr. Bush.
WANTED by a middle-aged woman: good cook
and laundress; city or country; wages from
$10 to $15. Address 1000 Washington st.
COMPETENT young English woman wants
work by the day; $1 and carfare; best refer-
ences. Box HE. Out
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation In private
family cr boarding-house; best references. 530
Bush st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes to get work by
the day or week; sleep home. Please call
or address 125 Sixth Ft., room 5, 2d floor.
WANTED— Situation as housekeeper by a re-
liable Protestant woman; good cook and
laundress. Address E., 1153 Howard st
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to
care for infant from its birth; can furnish
best references. Inquire 500 Eddy st.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation in private
ramlly; would do general housework in small
family. 508 Franklin st.
WOMAN desires a place as housework and
take care of children; sleep home. 11134
Howard st., room 21
YOUNG lady wishes care of child; sleep home.
Call 130 Vi Ninth st.
WOMAN wishes position in small prlvato fam-
Py.; City or country; $10. Box 1417, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wishes situation;
can do any style of cooking. Box 804, Call.
WANTED — Napkins to wash for restaurant!
or plain Washing. 179 Minna, lower flat.
TWO Swedish girls want work together. Call
at Tremont House, 1773 Market st.
A PLACE to take care of a child and light up-
stairs work. Box 101S, Call.
WANTED— A situation as chambermaid ho-
tel: best references. Call 266 Fifth St.. near
Clementina.
AN honest German woman wishes work of any
kind; house or office cleaning, washing, etc:
stays at her own home. Address MRS. F.
8., 30 Ritch st.
GERMAN girl for housework or upstairs. Ap-
ply 7264 Union st.
CURTAINS washed to look like new at 2048
Valencia st. MRS. J. J. WALTERS.
YOUNG lady of refinement wishes a position
as housekeeper, attend invalid, doctor or
dentist office; best of ref. Box 1012. Call.
WIDOW, aged 40 years, desires occupation;
speaks 3 languages: 20 years' exnerience in
various businesses; references. Address MRS.
D. 8., box 896, Call office.
WANTED— Washing, ironing by the day; flret-
class laundress. Address 120 a Eddy St., rm. 5.
NEAT young Danish widow wishes position in
San Jose as seamstress or waitress or cham-
bermaid in hotel. Address Ji, box 7, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED— By a young lady, position as Junior
teacher of elocution and voice building in
dramatic school. Address box 1326, Call.
CAPABLE woman wishes any kind of work
by the day; will take work home; laundress.
516 Lombard St., near Powell.
GOOD cook wants a situation In a boarding
house or institution; best of references. Ap-
ply 1113^ Howard at.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation in a
private family: cooking or general house-
work. 3S Dame st.
SITUATIONS WASTED- MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
MAN and wife wish positions in city or coun-
try of any kind; woman good cook and man
good woodsman, horseman; handy with tools.
1203 Market st.
A STRONG woman, first-class cleaner on car-
pet and general work: good washer; would
like to go now; is needy. 276 Jessie st., near
Fourth, room 2.
WORK of any kind in private family, hotel or
institution. Box 1415. Call.
POSITION wanted to care for an invalid; am
a strong magnetic healer; will assist In
other duties if required; terms moderate.
Address A. D. SHEPARU, in care of George
Buchard, 777 Market st.. San Francisco.
YOUNG man, 22 years old, would like position
in private family as hostler or gardener;
will do general choree; wages reasonable.
Address box 1029, Call office.
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; thoroughly understands greenhouse,
rosehouse, flower garden, pruning, budding,
propagating, fruit and vegetables; refer-
ences. Address box 1067, Call office.
YOUNG man, good hand with horses and
handy with tools, wants work of any kind.
Address box 900, Call office.
MANUFACTURER of lace goods, rufflings,
aprons, etc., desires position as superinten-
dent or foreman in factory; 20 years' ex-
perience; or any other position where his
knowledge? of .laces and management of
hands would rendpr his services desirable.
Address F. G. H., box 1318, Call office.
T ,VAXTED- Situation as bookkeeper or cashier
by young man with first-class references. Box
10fi4, Call office.
YOUNG man between 17 and IS with some ex-
perience in wine and liquor business, desires
a position in same line. Address box 1072.
Call office.
t'ANTED— By a competent bookkeeper nnd all
round office man. of good address, whose ref-
erences and letters are excellent in every
way. a position of trust as manager or head
bookkeeper, where faithful service would be
appreciated. Address E. S. LISHMAN, 1122
Chf-stnut st.. Oakland.
POSITION of any kind wanted by an Indus-
trious, reliable, honest business man with
best of references, speaking English and Ger-
man; no objection to go out of town. Box
1323. Call office.
IXPERIENCED pork butcher and sausage-
maker wants situation. Address G. G., box
1327. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position with good home;
city or country; references; no trifling. Ad-
dress box 1346, Call office.
BY German gardener, generally useful; under-
stands care of horses; can milk. P. M., 674
East Sixteenth st.. East Oakland.
GERMAN wishes a situation in business or
private pla:e as watchman; has best refer-
ences. C. H., 127 Turk St.
JAPANESE honest boy wants situation as
good cook and housework; $5 a week up: has
good reference. G. S. NAGATA. 4. r .6 Jessie.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position as
school boy; city or country. OKI, care H.
IDE & CO.. 201 Sixth St.. city.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 roomes; 25c to $1 00 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
PROTESTANT second girl, neat place, $20, call
early Monday; Infant s nurse, $25; first-class
cook, small American family. $35: girl, gen-
eral housework, Alnmeda. $25; and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
3 WAITRESSES anT chambermaids, $20 and
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A GIRL, light housework, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
A COOK, mining town, $30. MISS CULLEN.
S2', Putter st.
HOUSEWORK. Pacific Grove, $20; Mill Valley.
$20; Merced County. $15; Vallejo. y\ ; Ala-
merta, $20; Oakland. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. .
A NURSE. 1 child, sleep home. $12. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
3 SECOND girls, $20 and $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
A REFINED middle-aged woman as working
housekeeper, $10. MIBS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A PROTESTANT second girl, $20 per month,
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Ft.
A GERMAN or Swedish nurse, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 320 Putter St.
SECOND girl, San Rafael. $20. see lady here.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A COOK, country. $25; cook. city. $30; second
girl, $20; 12 housework girts, city and coun-
try. $20 and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to
$15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
A NEAT young girl, light second work, Berke-
ley. $10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A COLORED cook, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter »t.
COOK, $30; second girl. $25; nurseglrl to travel,
$20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
HOUSEOIRLS, Oakland. $25 and $20; cook,
small hotel, short distance; Swedish house-
keeper, S2O. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist, must sleep home, $10 ;
nurseglrl, $10; young girl, housework, $12; 3
young girls, $15 each; 10 housegirls, $20 and
$25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
WANTED— A girl to tend a candy store. 153
Fourth st. y
HELP WANTED— Continued.
6 WAITRESSES, city and country, $20; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, city and country, $5 and
$6; 4 chambermaids to wait, city and coun-
try, $20; cook, tew boarders, German pre-
ferred. $25: 2 chaml>ermaids, $15. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
j COOK, house girl, nurse girls and second girls
of all natlonalties for city and country places;
■whrps «12 to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
MOTHER and daughter to cook and wait on
few boarders, $30 to $35; call early. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
NURSERY governess, English branches. Ger-
man and music, to travel to Europe and back.
C. It. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
IRONER for hotel latfndry, $<0; mangier for
hotel. $20, see party this morn'ng at C. R-
HANBKN & CO.'S. 104 Geary at.
FEW young girls from 15 to 18 to mind chil-
dren;- good pay; German preferred. MRS..
LAMBERT'S Employment Office. 417 Powell.
WANTED— A middle-aged refined German
woman to assist in light housework and a3
companion for an elderly couple in the coun-
try. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell at.
GIRL for housework, 3 In family. $25: girl. 2
in family, jig; 2 cooks, $25 and $30; 2 upstairs
ETirls, $15 and $20; number of others. MRS.
HIRD. 631 Larkin Et.
YOUNG girl assist in light housekeeping; will-
ing to go across bay; good home; small
__wages. 1050 Golden Gate aye.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl to work In res-
taurant. 11S9 Oak st.
GIRL to do light work In private family. Ap-
ply 3933 Twenty-fifth st.
GIRL for housework; 2 in family; no wash-
ing; no window cleaning. 631 Larkin »t.
GIRL for general housework. Apply at 1835
Scott st.
WANTED— Finishers on custom-made coats;
good wages. 409 Clementina st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work; small wages. Call 1119 Filbert st.
A NEAT young girl to assist with baby and
light housework. 2403V4 California st.
YOUNG German girl for general housework.
822 Battery St. •
GIRL assist in housework; sleep at home. 1219
Webster st.
YOuxr; girl for light housework. 918 Sanchea
St., near Twenty-second.
GOOD WAITRESS wanted at 731 Mission st.
TYPEWRITER ('stenographer preferred; salary
$40; must invest $100; permanent position.
Box 894.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 120 A Silver
atrPet.
NEAT, Experienced waitress for restaurant;
good waees. Box 141 S. Call.
APPRENTICE girl for custom work; pay for
learning. 222 Seventh st.
YOUNG neat woman for housekeeping. Call
765 Market st., r. 22, 1 to 2 and 7 to 8 p. m.
APPRENTICE wante.l for- custom coats; paid
while learnirs. 222 Seventh st.
WANTED— S young, ladies to canvass. Apply
1170 Market St., room 11.
WANTED — A reliable German or Hungarian
*4rl for general housework and cooking; fam-
ily of 2. Call 1333 Golden Gate aye., 10 to 12.
NEAT young girl to assist in housework; sleep
at home. 2016 Baker st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on tailor-made suits.
107 Hayes st.
WANTED— A neat, reliable girl to assist with
housework and care of child; $10. 3645 Sac-
ramento st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; call fore-
noon. , 20.0 California St.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby and do light
housework. 771 Eddy St.
GIRL wanted on fine coats. 6 Eddy St., room
92.
SKIRT makers and bonaz operators wanted.
KRAKER. 226 Bush St.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' waists to
work on power; no dressmaker!. 509 A Turk.
MANGLE girls and starchers. Sun Laundry,
Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
WANTED — Women and girls to work en fruit;
also 2 stout boys. 376 San Jose aye.
GOOD- finisher on coats; wages $10. 251 Eighth
s.t.. Oakland, Cal.
NEAT girl or woman for light housework!
small family. 716 Franklin st.
WANTED— A girl to assist in housework. 1520
Eddy st.
■GIRL to do housework. . 1220 Filbert «t.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts: m
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36ft Fremont st.
WANTED — Experienced fur machine operators.
Apply H. LIEBES & CO., 137 Post st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery'; position*
free; fatterr.s. 26c up. McDowell's, 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good position*;
patterns, 10c up. lIS McAllister St.
help \va\ run— mall;.
WANTED— Married man to care for place; 4
men to clear land; 5 coal miners, $1 ton;
choreman for vineyard, $29; 2 office boys,
$2 50 a week; farmers, $20; 4 teamsters, $1 60 a
day; 10 laborers, $1 75 a day. and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Neat lunch cook, $45: camp cook.
$25; boardini?-house cook, $50; oysterman, $35;
tamale maker,. }Jj; hotel and restaurant wait-
ers, dishwashers, bellboys, and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
MURRAY 4 READY. MURRAY & HEADY.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
165 more men for Arizona
IS2 teamsters, railroad work, $1 70, $1 85 day;
150 laborers, new mountain railroad, $1 75
day ,
..Part fare paid on above railroad work..
4 hostlers and stablemen, $50, $40, $30 and
$20 and found
Shingle packer, see boss here
50 laborers, city work. $1 75 and $1 60 day.
Hoedown— Strawbuck
10 form and orchard hands, $26 and $20 and
found
S milkers $25 and $20 and found
Farmers and wives, with or without children
SO tlemakera 8c to lie each
Boys to learn trade, city ».
Boy to drive peddling wagon. ..sls and found.
...".MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
MORE men wanted for the sawmills and
woods
25 common laborers, $26 and found
Also for a Large Sawmill Company
Edgerman Spool tender
Tall sawyer Trimmers
Lumber pliers Swampers
And 10 road builders $26 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MURRAY & READY want the following
Hotel and Restaurant Help
7 A. M. MONDAY '.
For Seattle, second cook; also short order
cook, same place, $50 and found; 2 broilers,
restaurant and hotel. $50 and $40 and found;
baker. $30 and found: 6 hotel and restaurant
co.ike. $40, $35 and $30; waiters, hotels, res-
taurants and bakers, $25 and $30 and found;
dishwashers, kitchen hands, etc., $25 and
$20 and found; barber, country shop; ele-
vator boy. etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-
f3ii Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S office, 104 Geary.
Office open Monday, 7 a. m.
Teamsters and laborers, mountain railroad.
Teamsters, 2-horse, new work, $20 and board.
10 quarrymen, steady work, $2 a day.
5 laborers for a quarry, $1 75 a day.
5 4-horse teamsters, 8 2-horse teamsters, foi
a new railroad In Tuolomne Ojunty, two-
thirds fare free.
2 ranch teamsters, $25 and board; sam«
ranch.
2 tunnelmen, $2 25 to $2 75 a day.
2 bench hands, piece work, planing mill.
18 woodchoppers for Sonoma and Sacramento
counties, 75c to $1 50 a cord; 3 men to cleai
land, $25 an acre.
Buttermaker and milker, milker $25 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
$16 TO SKAGUAY $16.
Wanted— £oo laborers and rorkmen for th«
new Alaska railroad; work all winter.
Ship Wednesda> Fare $16.
Arply to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary gt
BROILER. $50; short-order cook, $10 a week;
cooks. $8. $9 and $10 a week-; oysterman, $|
a week and board; butcher who can kill, foi
a large country boarding-house, $40 and
found- waiter, country hotel, $25; city hotel,
$30: restaurant, $30. and others. C. R. HAN
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
10 LABORERS for quarry, city, $1 75 a day;
10 woodchoppers, 90c to $1 40 a cord; dairyman
and make butter, country: man to run sa!o^n
in country hotel; 2 scraper teamsters, $1 X
a day; stableman and drive hack. $25 and
found; farm hands. $20; camp cook. $26;
kitchen hand, $15. R. T. WARD & CO.. 601
and <U0 Clny st.
PORTER, country hotel. $20; night clerk, coun-
try hotel, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 4»
Kearny st.
RAZOR grinder for Los Angeles. Call Brook-
lyn Hotel barber shop, 210 Bush st.
A NEAT boy of 15 to team plumbinsr. 160*
Pacific aye., call at 9 a. m.
YOUNG man as waiter and porter and to carrj
tray; night work. 37 Eddy st.
FT RST-CLASS ladles' tailors. BOWHAY. 611
Sutter st.
PRESSMAN on pants. 4Utt Kearny »t-
ERRAND boy wanted. 2009 Flllmore at.
WANTED— Good tatlor on custom ooata; ateadj
work. 568 Minna et.HELP "WANTED— Continued.
FIRST-CLASS oak grainers to bid on graining
2 flats on Mississippi St., bet. 19th and 20th.
Send bids to Painter. 1941 Mission st.
WANTED— A good waiter, $25 per month at
IPS Seventh st.
PREBSBRS wanted on custom pants. 923%
Folsom st.; steady work.
BARBER wanted. 1192 Harrison st.; JOHN
RUSSELL preferred.
HELPER" on cakes. RUTZ'S Bakery. 536 Va-
lencia st.
•WANTED— Young butcher. US Seventh st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1245 Kentucky St..
Potrero.
WANTED— A house painter. F. H. ABBERS,
1808 Polk st. ■
COAT, pants and vest maker, for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy, able-bodied,
unmarried men. between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such: must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between d
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED —An experienced salesman who
thoroughly understands stoves and hardware;
a quick active man. Apply to WEINBTOCK,
LUBIN & CO., 523 Market, from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 2De per night; $1 to 13 per week.
WHOLESALE liquor house requires the serv-
ices of traveling salesman. Particulars and ,
references to box 1825. Call office.
WANTED— A first-class dress goods salesman.
Apply 523 Market St.. room 7, WEINSTOCK,
LUBIN & CO., from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— 2ii laborers Monday at Bay and
Leavenworth sts . city.
WANTED Men and women: neat work; good
wages. IYORYTYPE CO., 136 Sixth, rm. 2.__
TAILOR to work by the week, country. Apply
164 Jessie st. _______^___
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats; good
wages: steady job. 629 Bush st.
DENTIST wanted; must be an Al operator.
Address box 1330. Call office.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
TO Tailors— Good coat and trousers makers
wanted. Apply at 11 at the Stevenson-9t. en-
trance. CHARLES LYONS, 721 Marked st.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 328 j
Bush St., office No. 4, dthlrd floor.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Stn:., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 11&4.
SHOES repaired while you wait; half price.
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second..
250 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes. 25c to $1.
662 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $15. 1542 Market st.
MEN'S flne calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soloing. s:,c: only one price. 823 Howard st.
bThbERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 25 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
MEN" and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 135% Eighth st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LAN! 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, One, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
• TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
Cor a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard st 3.
HESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
~ AGEXTS WANTED.
AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
With Spain— Causes, Incidents and Results."
Civil. Military, Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. Russell. Sen.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston ( Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted We pay freight, give credit. Write
for terms an.l territory to- sole publishers.
WORTHINCTOW A CO.. Hartford. Conn.
AGENTS wanted— "History of the Spanish-
American War." by Hon. Henry Watterson;
reliable, exhaustive story of the military, na-
val and civil history of the war; superbly Il-
lustrated with 76 full page half tones and rich
pictures In colors: credit given; write for lib-
eral terms; the opportunity of the year. THE
WERNER COMPANY, Akron, Ohio.
WANTED— City salesman; references: who
working for; handle our line on the side;
rail on Jobbers. JOHN L. G. DYKES CO..
Chicago. -
WANTED — lady agents to sell
new article; quick sale, large profits. Apply
. 109. Fifth St.. room 1. :
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty Just in. Greater West Advertising & Nov-
plty Co.. 1155'; Wnshington St.. Oakland.
ROOMS WANTED.
WIDOW without children want." 2 or 3 rooms
with yard or part of store In business local-
ity. Address MRS. B. D.. box 596, Call office.
, WANTED— I or 2 unfurnished rooms, with run-
* ; ning water; rent not over $5 for 1 room. Ad-
•- dress D. D-. 171S Polk St.
WANTED— To rent, part of office in centrally
located modern office building. Addreßß with
particulars. Specialty, box 1321. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY with piano will give lesson* for room
■ rent or part board. Box 1017. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
QUARTZ mill, crusher, feeder, hoist, power;
state price, location, condition. Box 1317. Call.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
r»tu«; second-hand. 109 Montgomery ft.
LOST.
LOST— Fill more st., purse with money
and keys. Return to 1210 Mission St.; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hib»mia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JOHN P. SULLIVAN, No. 206-924.
Th« finder will please return to bank.
— Pair of opera glasses, on Jones St., bet.
Eddy and Ellis; reward. 305 Jones st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
GASOLINE launch. Al order. Apply" Boat-
keeper, California Yacht Club,- Oakland Creek.
BUTCHER ! ''!' fixtures for sale. Apply 302 C
Twenty-sixth st.
FOR SALE— Six-horse power Zenith gas engine,
nearly new. 519 Mission st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
' niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.. above
Blxth. ,
HELM wheel of cruiser d'Juan de Austria, cap-
tured at Manila. Apply 3. S. Zealandla. Pa-
ciflc-Bt. wharf. •
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
Engine boiler, pumps, pulleys, shafting, laundry
mchy, dynamos, 2d hand. White. 516 Mission
cafes— New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc. 533 Sacramanto.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
*^^cto£opefsioo . Bacigalupl. 935-352 Market.
j X POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
b'Jlidlng material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
FAFFS- Bargains In new and second hand; all
ei-es; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
iAUTOMATfcribome^tlc. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$T MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
naehtoa luppllea. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL~ kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank. _
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market St., room 7.
L 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market st.
TYPEWRITERS. .'
ALL tpewrlters sold and rented; few partlr
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph, $16: Yost, $26:
get sample work. SCOTT. 833 Montgomery st
BICYCLES. ~~
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9 up'; new 'girls'
wheels, $18; new 1887 high grade $100 bicycle
for $29; new tires, $2; new pedals. $1 25 a pair;
' i raring. JOSEPH HOLLE, 20th -and^oliom,
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$125^wT£l secure- you half interest in Paying
business Amust be sober, steady and reliable;
owner responsible. M. LESS. 765 Market Bt.
$200— WOOD and coal yard; central ;■ south of
and near Market St.; good horse and wagon,
est. 30 years; splendid. LESS. 7C5 Market.
SALOON and lunch house, 9 furnished
. rooms, among factories downtown; furniture
included. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$350— LAUNDRY : rou/\ with first-class horse
and wagon; 100 regular cash customers; will
easily clear $75 per month; any one can run
this. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$125— CIGARS, candies, notions,' laundry office;
3 living rooms; rent $15; rare offer and as
K ood a* it is cheap. M. LESS. 765 Marl st.
$125— SALOON with living rooms; established
30 years; between shops and factories; must
be sold at once on account of sickness; rent
only $20 a month. M. LESS CO.. 765 Mar-
ket st. ,
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St., the
old established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy In country towns.
$2000— H'OT^L in this city; established many
years; occupied and patronized by mechanics
and clearing above $150 per month; 34 nicely
furnished rooms; dining hall and good pay-
ing bar; rent $75. WILKE & UNFOG, 90b
Market st.
A— S3OO— CORNER ' grocery and bar; 2 blocks
south of Market St.; living rooms; rent $25; a
snap. WILKE & UNFUG. 908 Market St.
$350— ROAD house, in very beet location; four
prominent roads facing the corner; corner
building saloon; telephone office and 2 rooms;
cottage of 4 rooms, barn, windmill;- water all
over the place; about 2 acres good for chicken
ranch. WILKE & UNFUG, 90JJ Market st.
$375— RESTAURANT; well-paying; owner guar-
antees $30 a day; must be sold at once; make
offer; owner sick; strictly honorable offer.
WILKE & UNFUG, 806 Market st.
A— s2ooo; corner grocery in lively country town
close to this city; doing a good paying busi-
ness; including house of 5 rooms, hard fin-
ished; lot 65x100; horse, wagon, barn. etc. Par-
ticulars WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.
FRUIT-STORE; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$350— SALOON; bargain this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$1000— SALOON in prosperous country town;
retiring cause of sale. McLAUGHLLN & CO.,
777 Market st. ,
A— WE offer to-day the following bargains:
$5000— Best saloon in city: a money maker.
$650— Saloon; near brewery; steady trade.
$2750— Saloon; near Market St.; excellent bus.
$450 Cigar store; best location Market st.
$3500— Grocery, with excellent bar trade; large
6 $°i"oo— Grocery and bar; old established place.
Butcher shop in Interior; sickness cause.
$750— route; 24-can trade; 4 horses, two
wagons harness, cans; full investigation.
WERTHEIM & KERTH, SBO Market St.
See our list of lodging houses in Chronicle.
KREDO & CO ', 22% Geary st.
BROKERS. LOANS NEGOTIATED.
$200 — Cigar stand; also $500 stand.
$300— Branch bakery; $16 dally.
$350— Grocery and bar; also $700 grocery.
$450— Hotel and bar; clears $100.
$120")— Delicacy store; best in city.
$1750— Saloon; $50 to $75 daily.
$5000— Drug store; monthly receipts, $1200.
A— WE hay* buyers to Invest' in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— s2"o; delicacy store; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; well fitted up: selling account sickness.
National Business Ex., 7 Grant aye.
$200— COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap. — .
— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month. '
— Restaurant; No. 1 location: clear $60 mo. '
$175— Branch bakery; Market st; rent $15.
$200— Cigar store; receipts, $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye. :
$175— COAL yard; nr Market St.; horse, wagons;
good business. JONES _ SEARLL, 865 Mkt.
DELICACY store; 3 blocks from Market;
leading street; doing good business^ living
rooms; a bargain. JONES & EEARIXL. 866
Market st. • ■ ; t
GOOD opportunity for a good, energetic tailor
with a email capital.. Apply at C. W. R.
FORD & CO.'S. 116 Butter st.
GOOD 15c barber shop for sale. 1212 .Railroad
aye., Alarneda, Bay station; going country.
NEAT restaurant for Bale, $170, at 27 Ninth st.
HALF Interest 15c first-class 4-chair barber
hhoj>. 9/.G Washington st., Oakland^
FOR Sale— Restaurant .doing good business; Al
location: good .reasons for selling; price $150.
Address box 1015, Call office.
$200 — MAN oi"' lady' partner to open 25c coffee
and chop house downtown. Box 1063, Call.
GOOD-PAYING saloon: fine location: reason-
able rent. PAUL CULVER, room 23, sth fl..
, J.IUU building. ■ . .
CORNER Oak and Franklin— suitable for
any business; low rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$150 — FINE saloon and lunchroom; clears $60
month; rare chance. Inquire 731 Natoma'st.
STATIONERY business, stock and fixtures;
good location. 1016 Washington st., Oakland.
$350 — GOOD paying business; must be sold im-
' mediately at a sacrifice; owner leaving coun-
try; fullest investigation. 265 O'Farrell st.
$175— HOME bakery; must sell this month;
leaving city; worth double. Box 1338, Call.
FOR Sale— Ortet Bros., pioneer cutler*, ' 524
Commercial st., bet. Montgomery and Leides-
dorff; goods suitable for butchers and cooks.
BRANDT'S restaurant for sale. 2575 Sixteenth
st., near Howard.
FOR SALE— A- good-paying saloon. Apply
John Wieland Brewery.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st. •' •
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
State*, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
LOm,l.Mi HOLbti FOR BAJ--6.
11. C. DECKSR,
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
ONLY $200 V
10-ROOM H0U5E.......
BJ-ROOM HOUSE
PAYMENT SUIT
10-room house; only $150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 ». 550
46-room house; corner .-.. 1200
24 rooms: clears $100 • 600
19-room boarding house 1400
■ 40-room house; only $150 cash i 450
14 rooms on Powell st.; new 750
26 rooms on Mission; new 1500
44-room house; corner 1600
22 rooms near City Hall 500
86 rooms; clears $200 1500
60 rooms; clears $100; only 750
10 rooms all rented; business street 300
25 rooms; on Market St.; clears 1200...... 600
■ 23 rooms; new furniture; clears $150 1000
100 rooms: corner; best on earth 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL, I CAN SUIT YOU.
■ H. C. DECKER.
10» MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— ll ROOMS on O'Farrell st. clears $75
month; all new furniture; snap .*
12 rooms on Ellis St.; cost $2000; new fur-
niture; only $1100
48 rooms north of Market Bt. : fine....... 1200
76 rooms; select: transient; corner 3500
28 rooms; rent *55 550
37 rooms: north of Market: clears $125.... 1500
10 rooms': all new furniture 800
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION.
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
L. W. ROGERS, clerk for F. C. HYDE &
CO. (formerly clerk for H. C. DECKER).
A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
100 ROOMS; all new; clears $300 $5500
3S rooms; $450 cash; balance time 1100
23 rooms; rent $45; receipts, $150 600
18 rooms; very swell 1500
17 rooms; transient: O'Farrell 850
16 rooms; Eoc 1 --- boarding; no rent 1000
13 rooms; clears $12 a week; new 600
9 rooms; elegantly furnished 325
See long list at our office. KREDO A CO.
WINSTON ft CO., 648 Market st.
9-room flat; corner; cost $1300.. $SOO
7-room flat: new; Post st '200
10 rooms; elegant: yard: only 600
20 rooms: corner; part cash 1000
28 rooms: strictly first-class: rent $100.... IROO
22 rooms; rent $65; worth $2000 ir.CO
35 rooms; corner; new; a snap 1200
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS—
10 rooms $175 18 rooms: flne $550
1C rooms 250 20 rooms; 5nap...... 60«
S 37 rooms "00 GO r00m5.... 1250
National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
TURK, 127— Lodging house, 15 rooms; carpenter
shop;' nice location; cheap. ■
O'FARRELL, 653— First-class of house of 9
rooms: 5 completely furnished.
FURNITURE FOR SALE, j
HANDSOME furniture of 6 rooms, nearly new.
Call l' to 5 p. m. at 2112 Pine st.
~~ CARPET CLEANING.
Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves lays carpets. C. H. STEVEftS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
Wtlng Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
c^£%osS B f JSftg»gtftt &*
J ,?: I gj^^^ ln M^ont. 14th
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
"atwaVCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
A fj. Main 391 GEO. WOLCOrf. Proprietor.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET. '
AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison St.. near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair. $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar. ■'■ '• ■ '
BUENA ; VISTA j are.. 449, Ashbury Heights-
House, 12 rooms; elegant grounds.
HANDSOME, painted, papered, modern; 6
sunny rooms; large garden; car lines. l<<!0
• Fillmore st. '
PERRY, 20S, near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent $S; water free. Apply to Q. H. IMB-
SEN & CO.
TAYLOR, 311— Furnished house 9 rooms, bath,
yard and basement: piano; good location; re-
sponsible parties only; investigate. ■
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, stable pnd chicken houses;
low rent; water free. 521 Thirtieth st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— $12^0p^OZY~5 rooms, bath; yard; newly
painted. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 602
Market st. •
FOLSOM, Cottage, 7 rooms, bath; large
yard; rent $20. ■ . ,
NEW cottage, 4 rooms. . 3272 Folsom St.; high
basement; good yard; $10.
2 COTTAGES, 4 and 5 rooms; 155 and 159 Erie
st. near Folsom. between 13th and 14th; rent
to suit times. Apply on premises.
$7— COTTAGE, 4 nice rooms; off Cortland aye.
Apply 360 Jessie st.
$11 50— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 468
Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
FURNISHED FLATS.
SMALL flat, 4 sunny rooms; nicely furnished.
1522 Geary St. ._ _•
_ AT TO LI"!'. .
A-liUAND new flatsT B rooms, porcelain bath
etc., »20. At A. M. SPECK & CO. S, 602
Market st.
APPRECIATED If seen; $20; water free: north-
west corner Erie and Howard, nr. 13th: 7 bit?
rooms and perch; flooded with sunshine.
DORE 319. between Bryant and Brannan— Sun-
ny flat, first floor, 4 rooms; rent $8. :
FILLMORE, Elegant new decorated flat
of 5 large rooms and bath; rent $22 50. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery st.
FINE corner flat of 5 rooms; modern Improve-
ments. Southwest cor. 23d and Hampshire.
FLAT 5 rooms and bath; rent reasonable;
water free. 122% Noe St. '
FLATS, Second st., $14: cottage, Rincon aye.,
cheap. Key cor. Second st. and Rincon aye.
FLAT of 5 rooms. 230& Langton St.; rent
cheap. ;■ ■ ■
FLAT of 5 rooms and b-*V with stable. 132
Henry St., near Noe.
GEARY, 1917 — $20; 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
2 beds; 2 stoves; gas, coal; all necessaries.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1188, near Webster— New
sunny upper fiats, 6 and 7 rooms.
HAVES, Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ada taken.
LEAVEN WORTH, 1519— of 5 rooms; gas
, and bath; rent $16.
LOWER flat 5 rooms and bath: reduced to $16.
220 Thirteenth at., near Howard. ■
MISSION— Modern fiat. 6 rms. bath; washtubs:
Water; $16 50. . Burnham-Marsh, 20 Montgmy.
NEW flat of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern
improvements. 3135 Twentieth St., bet. How-
- ard and Capp; rent reduced.
NINETEENTH, Elegant corner flat:
« sunny belt of Mission: basement and yard; 6
rooms: bath: reasonable. • i
PAGE, 211%. between OctavSa and Laguna —
Flat of 5 rooms and bath; all modern im-
provements. ■ ' •
PEARL, 27, off Market, near Valencia— slo;
lower flat of 4 sunny rooms.
BUNNY upper flat, 5 rooms and bath. 1012^
Thirteenth st., near Scott.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St.. near Seventh; $15.
TO let— Rent reduced to 114; 5 rooms and bath;
im\i Howard. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
UNION, Marine view; flat, 5 rooms, $15;
cottage^ 8 rooms, $10.
WE can -rent you- a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN- & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. !
$17— SUNNY upper flat 5 rooms; bath and yard.
10 Shot well ft., near Fourteenth.
LOWER flat, near Mission and Third ets.
Apply 15 Grant aye. ■
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 245 Eighth— Sunny unfurnished rooms, $3 i
mo. ;. furnished, $6 mo.; also housekpg cheap.
CASTRO and Twentieth sts.— your room
in the 3-story sunny house: cheap rent. See
ISAACS, 240 Montgomery St.
CLAY, 1532—2 nicely furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping; cheap rent.
EDDY. ■ 207— Large front- room complete' for
housekeeping; bath and gas; respectable.
EDDY, 917—2 or 4 very nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; splendid location.
EIGHTH. 81, near Market— Sunny front parlor,
■ connected with one or two bedrooms and
kitchen; furnished complete for housekeeping;-
private, family; bath.
ELLIS, 532—4 sunny unfurnished -rooms; call
1 to 4. ■ ■
FIFTH 3."3— Furnished. 2 parlors, kitchen and
bath. $20; also 8, $12; single. $5. . - '
FILLMORE, '213, near Halght— Large unfur-
nished parlors; .also alcove, and small room;
reasonable; housekeeping; bath.
FOLSOM, Slo— 2. sunny rooms; 1 -sunny front .
room, with kitchen attached, complete for
housekeeping;, no children; rent $10.
FOLSOM, 2SIH — 3 or 4 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas stove; cheap without children.
FOURTH, [freely furnished' Bunny front
suite for housekeeping; single rooms; reason-
able; also newly Turn, .single rms at 244 6th.
GEARY, 610— Newly furnished sunny house- ,
keeping rooms; .gas range; also other rooms.
GEARY, 1917— $20; 4 comfortable rooms bath;
2 beds: 2 stoves; gas, coal; all necessaries. ,
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1000-^2 sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove, bath and free telephone.
GROVE, 426%, near Octavla— Large front room;,
kitchen;- sunny yard; 86; also single front
room, grate. $4; no children.
HARRISON. 754V4— 2 or 3 finely furnished
rooms; bath; complete . for housekeeping;
quiet home; cheap. . .
HOWARD, f>2s- Front rooms for housekeeping;
. completely furnished; stove; running wat.-r.
HOWARD, 732— Large housekeeping room; also
other rooms; $S. ■ ''■ ■ . ■
HOWARD, — 3 r.ce sunny rooms; house-
keeping or single; cheapest In town.
HOWARD, 761 Vi— Nicely furnished sunny suite
with, kitchen; others; reasonable.
HOWARD, 805VJ— Sunny furnished back and
front rooms; h(jt and cold water; $10 and $12.
HOWARD, 106S— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month Up. •
JESSIE. 439, bet. nth and 6th— 3 sunny connect-
ing rooms furnished complete for housekeep-
ing; modern; $14. _J
KEARNY. near Sutter— unfurnished front
rooms; gas free; cheap. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LAGUNA, 1205—2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath, $7.
LARKIN, Sunny bay-window housekeeping
rooms; complete.
MISSION, 1125%— 2 large front rooms furnished
for housekeeping. $8 and $9.
MISSION, Clean sunny rooms, housekeep-
ing and others, $3 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 431— One or two furnished rooms;
light housekeeping. .
POLK. 60S, nr. Eddy— or 4 unfurnished sunny
housekeepg rooms; pri. family; fine location.
SHIPLEY, 261—4 housekeeping rooms in good
order, $6; no children; no dogs. k;
SHOTWELL, 324, bet. 17th and ISth— newly
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 216%— Sunny front suite complete for i
light hkp«" - also sunny kitchen; com.; reas.
SIXTH. 420— An elegant front sunny suite;
housekeeping rooms and others.
SIXTH. 582%— 8 sunny rooms furnished for
housekeeping; large yard.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
. nished for housekeeping; rent $9.
TAYLOR, 238— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
' bath, yard; light housekeeping; good location.
TEHAMA, 62, near Second— Lower part of
house, 3 large rooms, $9; good order. :
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
THIRD, 309 — Sunny rooms; complete. for house-
keeping; from »6 to $8 a month.
TWELFTH, DOC — Large sunny housekeeping
room; use of kitchen; private family.
VAN NESS aye., 232, corner building— Newly
renovated and completely furnished suites;
with gas range. . . ...
VAN NESS aye., 618— sunny completely fur-
nished housekeeping room*, $10. .. -.
I FURNISHED rooms: light housekeeping If
desired. Box 1066, Call office. — -.-.• t
HOI°SEKEEPI\G ROOMS— Continued.
3 GOOD large unfurnished rooms; cheap. In-
quire 561 Sixth St., in rear. ,
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg. rms.; wk. $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite or single; Srst-clas*
in every respect: terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA. 239 Poet St., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
BUSH, 706— Two sunny rooms, front and side,
neatly furnished. $8 and $6.
BUSH, 1124— Best and cheapest rooms In city;
bath, running water; $8 up.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant rooms; very rea-
sonable; also for housekeeping.
EDDY, 305— Nice sunny furnished room; pri-
vate family: reasonable.
ELLIS, 611— Sunny alcove room, suitable for
two; also double room; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 776ft— Two nicely furnished rooms to
let cheap.
FREELON, 109 A —Nicely furnished sunny room
for lady; $1 per week.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 566— Elegant sunny front room suites;
double, single; privilege light housekeeping.
GLOBE House. fc2l Howard— Per night, 26c to
81; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Allusion— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates: families.
GRANT aye., 17, near Market— Sunny suite;
also single rooms; transient solicited.
HAIGHT, 642— Part of a sunny flat; 2, 3 or 5
rooms; unfurnished; rent reasonable.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
H ASK ELL, The. 121 Powell st.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
s<u!te3 and slngl. rms.; traslent. Mrs. J. King.
KEARNY, 104— Front suits 2 unfurnished
rooms; $10.
LANGTON, 230%— Flat of 8 furnished rooms.
MARKET, 1007^— Changed hands: suites or sin-
gle ; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING, Prop.
MARKET. 1073%! near Seventh— Large unfur-
nished front room; 3 windows; rent $15; also
2 nicely furnished front rooms; have been
used as dentist office 5 years; $17.
MASON, 215&— Single front sunny furnished
rooms, bath and gas; also front parlor; rsble.
MCALLISTER, 521, near Van Ness— Fine front
furnished room for single man.
MINNA. 439, between Fifth and Sixth— Sunny
furnished rooms to let.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1235— Sunny furnished room for gen-
tleman. $3 50 month; call Sunday.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 327— Single room neatly furnish-
ed. J4 60 per month.
O'FARRELL, 63i'— Furnished or unfurnished
room*: wunny corner; modern house.
POST, 910— 2 front rooms; running water; closet;
$6 50. $8 50; gentlemen; private flat.
l'"W ELL, 817 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms: reasonable.
SEVENTH. 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Runny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st. r
near Market— -Furnished and unfurnished.
BUTTER, 1111— Nicely furnished rooms, single
or en suite; very' reasonable; al=o housekpg.
SUTTER. 1148, corner Polk — Newly furnished
sunny suites and single, also suite for doc-
tor's office.
TAYLOR. 32?,— Newly furnished front sunny
rooms; bath and gas; and $12.
TAYLOR, 624 — Furnished bay-window and
corner rooms; others;- all sunny.
Till: BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St.. corner How-
ard— Host appointed; centrally located: rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night: $1 25 to $5
week; open all night; Howard st. can pmta
house direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT Boom, 1773 Market st., opp.Gough—
HoU«e newly furnished: tingle rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 12C — Furnished room suitable for gentle-
man, $5 per month.
TURK, 132— Nicely furnished room*; transient
accommodated: reasonably.
TURK, 1418— Newly furnished back parlor; large
closet, gas, bath; $S per month.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3228— Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to rent.
T'VF.NTY-FIRST, 3388— Sunny furniahed room,
bath, $5: meals next door.
VAN NESS aye., 9— Handsome sunny bay-
window alcove; private residence; modern
convenience* ; terms low.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate; board optional: all cars direct.
B' 'ARDING houses find It to their advantage
to buy meat- at the Bay City Market.
BUSH, 822— Changed hands; sunny alcove room;
also other rooms, with boai*d.
KDDY. BOO — Nicely furnished room; running
water; suitable for 2; good board. '
"IRVING." 1070 Valencia st— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for 2 gentle-
men; home cooking; parlor, piano; $22 50 each.
VAN NESS aye.— Private family with elegantly
furnished home, having unoccupied rooms.
frill accommodate a select few; no children;
board excellent; conveniences exceptional;
location choice: references required. Excel-
lent, box 1324, Call.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms ; first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
REFINED lady wishes to board a child; moth-
' er's care. Box 1058, Call office.
GERMAN Widow would l.kc- ttvt children to
board; good home. 37 Dewolf st.. station L.
STORES TO LET.
BAKERY and 3 living rooms; large basement
and oven; rent $20, formerly $40. HOOKER at
LENT, 14 Post st.
CORNER store an.d basement, suitable for gro-
cery, and 4 rooms if required. 940 Oak st.
■COR. store. 2822 Mission; 7 yrs. as saloon;
cheap; store cor. Lafayette and Howard: fixt-
i;r-s- for saloon. Apply 2538 Mission st.
OFFICES TO LET.
DESK room in nice sunny office; centrally
• located." $6. Box 1303, Call office.
IMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.:
light, he^t. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20 ASHTON & GARDINER, room 213.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
NO vain' No pain! Lowest prices In the city!
Work guaranteed; teeth without plates a spe-
cialty; full set of teeth, extracting free, $4 50
up; gold crowns. 22k, $3 50 up; fillings, 2.V
up. Electro-Dental Clinic, suite 7, Flood
building. 809 Market st. Office hours/ 9 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2 p. m.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without platen, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c: crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 11SJ.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold. $1 up; Bllver, 250
up: briages; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission st.. corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from « to JO O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
rm LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
speotalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of ceeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
PHYSICIANS^
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine. $1 50; open 9:30 to 6. 957
Market, cor. 6th, opp. Welnstock & Lubin's.
DR C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
130« Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
PEARL— CaII at P. O. ■ '
TALENT wanted for amateur night at the
Olympia; liberal inducements to right par-
ties. Apply every afternoon, 1 to 3, Olympia,
Eddy and Mason sts. .
WITH proper care you can have a good head
of hair, use LEDERER'S Quinonla, 35c bot.
I IMPORT direct from Paris. London and Ber-
lin. I buy in large quantities and retail at
wholesale prices. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton
St., hair dealer. Hair dressing 25c only.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
ELECTRIC lights in every room ; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night ; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt., opp. Emporium.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rms. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1043 A Market st. :
The Balboa.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant & cardreader;
born with double veil & second sight; diag-
nosis disease with full life reading; la. 50c;
gents $1; palm & clair.; sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
GO to Mme. Keal to know your future; best on
earth. 835 A Howard st. ', -~;.;
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and carfl
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth at.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 81." O'Farrell at.
* m-iritualTsml
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant: treats pri-
vate and chronic diseases, no matter from
■what cause or how long standing, with re-
vealed remedies; sittings 11. 232 Stockton st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologist; cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at S p. m. ; has
removed from 34 to 28 Sixth St., room 3.
M. FRANCES. independent slate-writing me-
glum. US Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Men.. 8, 25c; sittings tl. 233 Valencia st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ASTONISHING how purchasers of the Hard-
man piano can and do advertise Its fine
qualities to so many of their friends. Two
carloads of good Instruments Just arrived:
beautiful cases, new designs; no other in-
struments selling bo rapidly and so thorough-
ly satisfactory for the last 60 years; two
slightly damaged in shipping sacrificed for
cash: a chance for you. THE J. DEWING
COMPANY, second floor. Flood building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for JS
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; trices are the
came as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, 14 an 1
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, .. corner Kearny and Sutler
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth . and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOIILER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and- 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. v" -.i
FOR $250 we will sell you the finest piano ever
offered In this city; guaranteed for 10 years;
our own make; our own building;, terms to
suit the smallest pocket. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Company, 560 Hayes et. -
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Chick-
ering, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. ■ MAUVAIB, 7C9 Market st.
AN elegant -Steinway. upright for *2."0 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
LARGE F. L. Neumann piano for sale; cheap.
759 Capp St. ' • .
A PIANO that will . please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st. ' ..'-•;
UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for sal* on
$5 Installments. 1115 Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
$90 — Elegant Emerson piano: bargain. Schmltz,
16 McAllister St., next Hi.bernia Bank.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights. $T3 >>p;
rents $2 up. • HEINE. 136 Ellis Et. '
KNABE pianos: new scale; new : yies. KOH-
LER & CHASE, SQ.O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. > H.
' MULLER. maker, repairer. " Latham pl'aca.
• MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid ; sure relief,
though else fall; .delicacy, privacy, ! home,
etc. ; babies adopted;' travelers treated; no
lay: self-cure sent'; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2. .
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause): safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
" treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement f^ skillful medical attention; all those
who are- sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones. . •
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time 'it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
■ mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
' ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day: safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
eaves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cure.
$5. By the well-known ladies' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A. TREATMENT that restores instantty all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
consult free; confidential; hours, 9 a. m. to
5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, .1122 Market St.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every,
comfort; best care and attendance; .terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home in confinement I"fi Second st.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S "Business College. 24 Post ' St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; £0 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. ■
A YRES' Business College, 723 Market st. Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, ttlegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, ' etc. ; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month. ■
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 Twenty-
fourth St., near Sanchez. "
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C. 7407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channing way.Berkeley; write for circular.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER, 526
Turk st., bet. Larkin and Polk.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day& eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.
MME ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
instructions; correct. natural method.93o Bush:
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. " Sent to any address In < the United
• States or Canada one year for $1 54, postage
' paid. a " X ' ' """ "-' ' ■'
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$2500— 5-ROOM and bath cottage, 1606 Castro St..
between 25th and 26th; $500 cash, balance $25
monthly; houses built to suit purchasers on
20th st., near Castro. F. NELSON, builder,
414S Twenty-fifth st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR cheap and desirable ■ country home near
Watsonville, the home of the apple and sugar
beet, send for catalogue. R. P. QUj-i'N. real
estate, Watsor.vllle. Cal.
AT $2 75 per acre; 6962 acres: stock ranch, So-
noma County: 90 miles from this city. 9 miles
from railroad; watered by s never-failing
streams: fenced; good roads; easy terms. J.
T. PETERS. 11 Montgomery st. .
WANTED to rent— to 100 acres witMn 30
miles of San Francisco^ Address, stating
terms. B. GILMORE, 1456 San Bruno aye.,
San Francisco.
AN improved 50-vara lot; beautifully located;
sunny corner; price $24,000; $12,000 can remain
on Interest. Box 526, Call.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
■REDWOOD road property, 100x190, with good 4-
room house, modern, for Oakland, Alameda,
Berkeley or S. F. Iqls or improved prop.; will
assume small mortgage. 1665 24th aye.; by let-
ter. D. P., 1606 23d aye., East Oakland.
7-HORSE gas engine: woodwork machinery,
will exchange for real estate. Box 1016. Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BUY a home from this list:
New house; 8 rooms $4000
Modern cottage; 6 rooms; near train 2750
Elegant home; 12 rooms 1 ; complete 5500
Fine cottage; near local train 2100
A. J. SAMUEL & CO.,
468 Ninth St., Oakland.
DO you want a home very cheap? Look! ! !
I will sell No. 361 East Seventeenth st., Oak-
land, for $2650; a 9- room house, with stable
and 50-foot lot: 40 minutes from San Fran-
cisco: $SOO cash: balance mortgage on prem-
ises; time to suit; belongs to a non-resident;
keys at -363 East Seventeenth st. R. P.
SAKE. ->v
FOR sale In Oakland— New house, 7 rooms and
bath: 2-story: best construction and finish:
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; JO minutes from San Fran-
cisco: monthly installments. HERON &
HOT-COMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND,
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and ' porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station. Oakland; key
• t 940 Union St: KOENia & KROLL. 100«
Broad way. ..--:-"«.-
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms;
flats 3 or 4; also single. 1453-55 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELI^
HAAS' old >tor#. 408 TCl<>v»r.tH «t. S»« hl-i.
alameda' advertisements.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— close an estate: lot 40x100; modern
house. 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000— Snap; lot 50x150; house of 4 rooms; 2
blocks from Morton st. station.
— New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye.: lot 50x207. See
this at once. Houses to let in all. parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park st.,
Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Only $3500; new 7- room house: all
latest improvements; near the university;
large lot; street work all done. JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
______________
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do. not
borrow cf your friends or you will lose their
friendship; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co.. rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. . Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to- 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
- nfoval: money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion: lowest interest. Room 6S. 11T0 Market.
ON furniture, -pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no .commission: $25 Up;
private party, • BONNELLI. 130 Post st,
ANY amount at 6"-4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery; rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
PICE; 22 Mason, opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
L SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
; estates a specialty. MURPHY, C 36 Market St.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Pryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. SYL-
VAIN .SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery St.
PROPOSALS.
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Inspector, 404 Safe De-
posit building, San Francisco, Cal., until 12
o'clock m., November 2S, 1898, and then open-
ed, fop constructing and installing on board
the lighthouse tender Madrono at San Fran-
cisco, Cal., two return tubular boilers of the
Scotch type. The said boilers to be com-
pleted and Installed within four calendar
months from date of approval of the contract
by the Secretary of the. Treasury. Each pro-
posal must be accompanied by a certified
check payable to the order of the Secretary
of the Treasury in the sum of $1500. The cer-
tified check of the successful bidder will be
retained until the execution of a formal bond
or contract, and the approval of the same
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
certified check of the unsuccessful bidders
Will be returned immediately after the pro-
- posal of the successful bidder has been ac-
cented. ' Forms of proposals, plans and speci-
fications can be had or seen upon application
to GEORGE W. COFFIN, Captain U. S. N.
PROPOSALS for Military Supplies— 36 New"
Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal., October
27, 1898. Sealed proposals in triplicate will be
.received here until 11 o'clock a, m.. November
28 IS9S, and then opened, for furnishing one
tug boat. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture,
conditions of price and quality being equal
(Including in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon), and such preference given
to articles of American production and manu-
facture produced on the Pacific Coast to the
extent of the consumption required, by the
public service there. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. : Proposals
' for delivery at other pofhts will be -ea'ter-
talned. Information and blank proposal* fur-
nished on application. Envelopes will be in-
dorsed "Proposals for Tug Boat, No. 5096,"
and addressed to LIEUTENANT COLONEL
OSCAR F. LONG, United States Volunteers,
Depot Quartermaster. /
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the City. and County
of San Francisco, State of California, Depart-
ment No. . Amanda J. Fennell. plaintiff,
vs Gerald M. Fennell, defendant. Action
brought in the Superior Court, City and
County of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, and the complaint filed In said City
and County of San Francisco, In the office
of the Clerk of said Superior Court.
The People of the State of California send
greeting to Gerald M. Fennell, defendant.
You are hereby required to appear in an ac-
tion brought against you by the above-named
plaintiff in the Superior Court City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
and to answer the complaint filed therein
' within ten days (exclusive of the day of
service) after the service on you of this
summons. If served within, this county; or.
if served elsewhere, within thirty days.
The said action is brought to obtain a Judg-
ment and decree of this court dissolving the
bonds of matrimony now existing between
plaintiff and defendant, upon the ground of
defendant's desertion of plaintiff and also on I
the ground of his wilful neglect of her; also
for general relief, as will more fully appear
In the complaint »n file, to which special ref-
erence is hereby made.
All of which will more fully appear In the
complaint on file herein to which you are
hereby referred.
And you are hereby notified that If you fall
to appear and answer the said complaint, as
above required, the said plaintiff will apply
to the court for the relief therein demanded. •
Given under my hand and seal of said
Superior Court at the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, this 28th day
of September, in the year of our Lord, one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight
[Seal] C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Cterk.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
, Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5711.
S
HORSES.
JUST arrived— carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St.. betweea Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness,, etc.. at your own price; come and
pake an offer. . . .
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lte-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
~ BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
DIED. '
Boge, Maria C. Kelleher, Michael
Bee, Joseph Lamburth, Elizabeth
Curtis, Edward Meyerstein, Henry
Doherty, Mrs. Mary Manuel, Rupert •
Doherty, Mary Prior, Mrs. Catherine
Fields, Elizabeth J. Ryan, Kate
Gayetty, Peter C. Reese. Conrad
Gallagher, Joseph Rohrs, Helene
Grossman. Abraham Ronan, Hyacinth M.
Houseman, Belle Regan, Thomas
King, Philip & ball, Ignatius
Scott.' Esther A.
BOGE— In this city. October 29. IS9B, Maria
Christina Boge. beloved mother of Carl,
Phillip and Jasper Boge. a native of Schles-
witr, Germany, ajred 71 years.
ICTFuneral services will be held this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of her
son, 67 Wood street. Interment Laurel HIU
Cemetery.
BEE— In this city, October 30. 1898, Joseph.
beloved husbfind of Louise Bee, stepfather of
Mrs. F. H. Mills, and brother of William and
Sarah Bee. a native of Weardale, Dunham
County, England, aged 53 yeara 5 months and
27 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1706 Broadway. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
CI'IiTIS— In this city, October no, 1898. Edward
Curtis, a native of California, aged 19 years.
DOHERTY— In Valley Ford, October 29, 1898.
Mrs. Mary Dohertv, beloved mother of Mrs.
J. DowHng and T. Doherty of San Francisco,
and grandmother of J. J. and J. V. Doherty.
Mrs. McGrath and francis. Louis, Annie-
and Isabella Dohertv. a native of County
Kerry', Ireland, aged S4 years. (St. John, N.
8., papers please copy.)
E3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at it o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenup. thence
to St. Charles Borromeo Church, Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repuse of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOHERTY— In this city, October 28, IS9S. Mary
Doberty, an native of Ireland, aged 67 years
FIELDS— In this city, October 29, IS9B. Eliza-
beth Jane, beloved wife of Dennis Fields,
mother of William, M;iggie and Madeline
Fields, and sister of James Adema. a native
of San Francisco, aged 2S years and 4 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 334 Fremont street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where services will be held.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GWETTY— In Oakland, October 3". IS9S. Peter
C, husband of Agnes M. Cayrtty, a native
of New Hampshire, aged 82 years.
GALLAGHER— In this city, October 29, 1898.
Joseph, beloved husband of Bridget Gallagher,
and father of James, Joseph. William, Frank
and the late Mary Gallagher, a native of
the parish of Dromard. County Sligo, Ireland,
aged 66 years. (Scranton and Carbondale.
Pa., and Indiana papers please copy.)
ir^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at S:3O o'clock, from "his late resi-
dence, 33 Lexington avenue, fhence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GROSSMAN— In the City and County Hospital.
October 30, 1898, Abraham- Grossman, a na-
tive of Russia, aged 30 years.
HOUSEMAN— In this city, October M,
Belle, wife of Frank S. Houseman, a native
of Vallejo. Cal.. aged 23 years 3 months and
6 dais.
KING— In thi3 city. October 30. IS9S, Philip
King, beloved husband of Katherine King, a
native of Baden. Germany, aged 63 year 3 5
months and 25 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlor? of
Cbarlea J. B. Metzler, «36 Washington street.
Interment I. O. 6, F. Cemetery.
KKLLEHER— In this city, Octobpr 31 WS.
Michael, beloved husband of Julia Kelleher.
father of Kathleen Kelleher, and brother of
John and Cornelius Kelleher, a native of Mill
street. County Cork, Ireland, aged 31 years.
(T~?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), fit 7:3 ri o'clock, trnm the parlors
Of MeAvoy & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street,
thence to" St. Joseph's Church, corner of
Howard and Tenth streets, where a high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment
Hols- Cross Cemetery.
LAMIU'RTH— In this city. October ??. 189S,
F.lizabeth, beloved wife of A. I.amburth, and
beloved mother of Walter Casafna and Mrs.
W. Dempsey, a native of County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
[C^Frlends and acquaintances are rerpect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 523 Potre.ro avenue, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MEYERSTEIN— In, Los Angeles, Cal., October
2i">. 1888, Henry, /beloved husband of Fannie
Meyerstein. fafher of Joseph. Emanuel,
Charl"?, Jacob, Mamie. Hattie and Edith
Meyersteln, and brother of Lewis Meyerstein
of Pan Francisco, a native of Germany.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this' day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at 1423
(Jeary street, between Octavia and Laguna.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by
train leaving Third and Townsend streets at
3:30 o'clock. "
MANUEL— In this city, October 29. 1898, Rupert
Manuel, aged 83 years.
PRIOR —At Colma, San Mateo County,
October 28, 1898, Mrs. Catherine, relict of the
late Charles Prior, sister of Cornelius Guinee.
and aunt of Henry Smith, a native of Kil-
brin. County Cork. Ireland. ■ god 74 years.
C^Friendi and -acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
■ Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Colma. San Mateo County, thence to
St. Anns Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, October 29, IS9B. Kate,
dearly beloved wire of Patrick Ryan, a na-
tive of County Galway. Ireland.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the "uneral this day
i Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. -542 Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
REESTE— In this city. October 29, 1898. Conrad
Reese, beloved father of Conrad, Christian,
Otto, RMIe, Andrew, Nettle. Johnnie and
Sarah. Reese, a native of Germany, aged 72
years.
C^Frienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate I'ndertaking Com-
pany. 2-(2n Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
ROHRS— In this city, October 30, IR9B. Helene.
beloved wife of George H. Rohrs. beloved
mother of Willie L. Rdhrs. and sister of Mrs.
M Muritz, Mrs. J. W. Tamm and George W.
Finck, a native of Ringstedt. Hanover, Ger-
many, Bged 46 years 7 months and 12 days.
(New York papers please copy.)
lE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day November 2, Ht 2 o'clock, from her late
residence. C 23 McAllister street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RONAN— In this city, October 30, 1898, of diph-
theria, Hyacinth Marguerite, beloved daugh-
ter of James W. and Mary Ronan, and sister
of Rosamond and tJenevieve Ronan. a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 years and 1 month.
C^lnterment strictly private.
REGAN— In the City and County Hospital,
October 30. 189S, Thomas Regan, a native of
Ireland, aged 49 years. '
SCHALL— In this city. October 29, 189 S. Igna-
tius Schall, beloved brother of Mrs. W.
Schussler. and uncle of Mrs. W. Peters»n,
Mrs. L. Bechtel and Frank and Fred Schuss-
ler. a native of Baden, Germany, aged 68
years.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock, frrm the residence
of his sister. Mrs. W. Kehussler. 1574 Poison)
street, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth,
thence to the Church of St. Charles Borro-
meo, corner of Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets, for services, commencing at S
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCOTT— Tn this city. October 30. IS9<. Esther
A. Scott, a native of I'lster County. New
Y. rk. a-red M years 9 months and S days.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAi__BR3 I
20 FIFTH ST.. opp. Lincoln SehMl. |
; - Tel ephene. Sou 80-__ nr _ |^ rr _L_
IH. B. McAVOY, Manager. fi
MCAVOY <& CO.. 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMIiALMERS I
1235 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. i
■■-- Telephone, Sou£l ; i ___^___J
Undertaker and Embalmor.
Everything Requisite for First-Class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 273. 917. Mission Street
910
HENRY T. GAGE
IS ALL RIGHT
AND A WINNER
Will Meet Campaign
Engagements.
LEAVES THE CITY TO-DAY
AT SANTA CRUZ TO-NIGHT, SAN
JOSE TO-MORROW.
Bepublican Orators Will Address Big
Meetings Throughout the State
This Week, and Close the
Campaign Brilliantly.
Henry T. Gape passed a restful day in
his rooms at the Palace Hotel yesterday
and will resume his campaign duties this j
morning. I>ate Saturday night he was
very nearly overcome with exhaustion by
reason of loss of sleep and constant work j
In traveling and speaking. His powers ,
of mental and physlclal endurance are re- j
markable. but the tension Saturday j
night, following the tour of Northern
California and the trips through Napa
and Sonoma Valleys, was extreme.
Dr. Winslow Anderson was called in to ;
see Mr. Gaffe, early yesterday morning,
and advised immediate rest. He also
suggested that Mr. Gage should not at- |
tempt to till the speaking appointments
at Santa Cruz to-day ami San Jose to- j
morrow. Last night Mr. fiage resolved!
to meet the engagements made for him j
by the State Central Committee, and |
will therefore, leave the city at 2:15 p. m. i
to-day and appear at Santa Cruz to-night.
He will visit San Jose Tuesday afternoon i
and will speak at two meetings— one at
Turner Hall ana the other at the Audi
torium. Special trains have been chartet- |
ed to bring excursion parties to San Jose j
from many towns of the valley.
E. F. Preston and T. B. Hutchison will
also speak at San Jose. D. i-2. McKinlay
will .-peak at Santa Cruz with Mr. Gage.
Mr. Gage has filled every appointment '
fo far made for him by the Republican
State Central Committee and has als^ :
made side trips not embraced in the com- j
mlttee's schedule. In this regard he has
broken the record of gubernatorial candi
dates. He will stay with the work to the
finish, nr as long, at least, as he is able
to speak a word or walk a step.
ral W. H. L. Barnes will go out \
again this week. He will speak at So- j
nora Tuesday night and Fresno Saturday
night. He will speak every night and
close his tour with a great meeting at
Bakersfleld.
Senator Perkins is now in the south. !
He will speak at Ontario, Pomona and
Escondido. ■
J. C. Campbell and John T. Dare will
visit Mendocino County this week and !
address the people. I
H. V. Morehouse and Senator v olfe |
will spc-a.v at Belmont November 2. i
A. Lv Hart will address the people at
Pasadena on November 3. He will speak
at Vacaville November 5. . I :
J. A. Barham and Frank MVGowan will ;
speak in San Rafael this week.
There will be a monster mass meeting <
of colored citizens to-night at California
Hall. 620 Rush street, in the interest of j
the Republican municipal ticket. Charleß
L. Patton, D. J. Murphy, W. F. Fltz- :
gerald and other* will address the meet-
Ing.
TO-NIGHT'S BIG MEETING.
Webster Davis, the Famous Orator,
at Woodwards Pavilion.
Webster Davis, the able Republican
orator whose speeches have aroused so
much interest and enthusiasm in this
campaign, will address the people of this
city at Woodward's Pavilion to-night.
The distinction of presiding at fhe meet
ing has been accorded to ex-Justice Van
R. Puterson.
In honor of the event to-night the drill
corps of the Oakland Alliance and the
Union League and Phoenix clubs of this
city will parade and attend the meeting.
Music and campaign songs will be fea
tures ■ •:" th>' demonstration.
Indorse John A. Drinkhouse.
Tn the- Thirty-fifth Assembly District on
Friday evening at 2323 Mission street was
organized the John A. Drinkhouse Re
publican Club. D. Coffin was elected
president and J. King secretary. Resolu
tions were adopted Indorsing Mr. Drink
house for the office of Public Adminis
trator and Mr. Hyer for Supervisor of the
Ninth Ward. At the meeting of the club
142 members were enrolled. On the same
evening at 101 Sixth street was organized
a similar club with William Pratt presi
dent and N. Corinson secretary. At this
meeting 144 members were enrolled and
resolutions were adopted unanimously
indorsing Mr. Drinkhouse for the office
of Public Administrator.
Politics for Improvements.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 30.— Tiie Bay-street
Independent Club was organized at En
cinal Hall last night with a membership
of fifty voters. John F. Mecklem was
elected president, A. E. Cumbers secre
tary and William Hockins, Q. A. Fitch
and A. B. Staffolback an executive com
mittee. The purposes of the club as set
forth in the by-laws are to encourage
clean politics and support such candi
dates for national. State, county and
municipal offices as are favorable to
public improvements in Alameda in just
and equitable proportion with the rest of
the county and State.
Favor Good Legislators.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the contractors' organization was held
this afternoon at the Commercial Hotel.
The object of the organization is too
urge the election of proper persons for
the Legislature and they will invite the
City Creditors' Club to assist them in
their efforts. This request will be in the
nature of reciprocity, as the contractors'
organization stood in with the Creditors'
Cluti two years ago. The candidates se
lected will be announced later. H. F. Wil
liams acted as chairman and James J.
O'Conner as secretary.
Republican Success Predicted
The members of the Twin Peaks Repub
lican Club held a meeting at their hall
on Dolores street last Saturday evening.
Speeches were made predicting the suc
cess of the Repubican party. Selections
by the band, together with glee club songs
comprised the remainder of the pro
gramme. Thomas Holland acted as chair
man and Charles Foard, secretary.
An Aigeltnger club
An Aigeltinger Club.
An E. H. Aigeltinger Club has been
formed in the Thirty-sixth Assembly Dis
trict at P. Murry's Hall, Eighteenth and
Castro streets. The officers elected were:
President, J. Lawler; secretary, J. Hore;
treasurer. P. Murry. The following ad
dr* ssed the meeting: James Tully, Ed
ward Caffery, William Brittain and Hen
ry Wagner.
The Independent Club.
The Independent Municipal Club will
meet in Odd Fellows' Hall this evening.
Opposing candidates will be present and
will discuss the political issues from aii
points of view. This will be the second
meeting held under the Independent
Club's auspi.es this campaign.
Independents at Fruitvale.
OAKLAND. Oct. 30.— The Independents
will hold a rally in Upper Fruitvale to
morrow night, at which the Independent
county candidate? will speak.
Fall opening of holiday novelties No
vember 2. 3, 4, 6 at Emma Maaon'a, 947
Valencia street *
VAN FLEET'S
MALIGNERS
ANSWERED
Jurists of the State
Support Him.
THEY STAND FOR HAIR PLAY
HIS DECISION WAS BASED ON
THE LAW.
No Invidious Distinction Was Made
Between the Child of the Rich
and the Poor Man — Judi-
cial Comment!.
"There is not in this country one rule
of law for the rich and a different rule
for the poor."
The following correspondence ex
plains itself and conclusively shows
that great injustice has been done in
misrepresenting a decision of our high
est judicial tribunal:
To the Honorable, the Commissioners
of the Supreme Court and the Judges of
the Superior Courts of the State of Cali
fornia—Gentlemen: We, the undersigned
members of the bar of California, ven
ture to represent to you that a most
serious misunderstanding exists in the
minds of some of the good people of the
State relative to a decision recently ren
dered by the Supreme Court (Justice Van
Fleet writing the opinion) in the case of
Fox vs. the Oakland Railroad Company,
and reported in 118 California, page 55.
It has been publicly charged that in said
decision our Supreme Court held that in
assessing damages for the death of a
minor child, the child of poor parents is not
of as much value as the child of rich
parents. •
We submit that no such opinion has
rendered by the Supreme Court or
any member of that court in the case
referred to. or in any case; and that be
ing so, it is but just that the facts should
be stated so that people outside of the
profession may know the truth.
We, therefore, respectfully ask you to
briefly state the facts relating to that de
cision. Very respectfully,
MORRIS M. ESTEE.
JOHN GARBER,
GARRET W. McENERNET.
To this letter many answers have
been received. The following form of
reply was signed by Judges of the Su
perior Courts whose signatures are ap
pended:
To the People of California: We, the
undersigned Commissioners of the Su
preme Court and Judges of the Superior
Courts of the State of California, re
spectfully represent that we are familiar
with the decision rendered by th<- 5 l
preme Court of California in the cast- of
Fox vs. the Oakland Railroad Company,
and reported in 118 Cal.. page ."5.
The opinion in that case was written
by Justice Van Fleet, and was concurred
in in department by Chief Justice Beatty
and Justice Harrison and was confirmed
by the other Justices of the Supreme
Court by a refusal to grant a rehearing.
The opinion correctly states the law of
this State on the question involved there
in, and it nowhere appears therein that
in an action for damages for the death of
a minor child, that the child of a poor
man is not as valuable as that of a rich
man. On the contrary, the opinion states
in words that:
After a careful review of the au
thorities we are clearly of the opin
ion that the question of the parents'
neglect cannot be made to turn upon
the state of his finances, and tnat
the rulings of the lower court in this
respect were erroneous.
Neither the Supreme Court of this State
nor any Justice thereof has ever rendered
an opinion to the effect that there was
a difference in value in the life of a minor
child dependent upon the financial con
dition or its parents.
We venture to make this statement to
the public at the request of certain mem
bers of the bar and in vindication of the
truth in this matter.
The foregoing is signed by the follow
ing Judges of the Superior Courts in the
counties named: J. C. B. Hebbard,
George H. Bahrs, Edward A. Belcher,
city and county of San Francisco; E. S.
Torrance, San Diego; John L. Campbell,
Frank F. Oster, San Bernardino; J. W.
Ballard. Orange; W. H. Clark. M. T.
Allen, Los Angeles; Wheaton A. Gray,
Tulare; J. R. Webb, E. W. Rialey, Fres
no; N. A. Dorn, Monterey; Edward J.
Jones. San Joaquin; E. C. Hart, Sacra
mento; Frank T. Nilon, Nevada; A. J.
Buckles, Solano; W. G. Lorigan, Santa
Clara; Albert G. Burnett, Sonoma; E. D.
Ham, Napa; E. E. Gadis, Yolo; Joseph
P. Jones, Contra Costa; J. M. Mannon,
Mendocino; Edward Sweeney, Shasta; E.
A. Davis. Yuba and Sutter; F. A. Kelly,
Lassen; T. E. Jones, Trinity; Stanley A.
Smith. Sierra: Niles Searls, I. S. Belr-her,
John Hayes, N. P. Chipman, E. W. Britt,
Commissioners of the Supreme Court.
Several oth^r Judges expressed similar
opinions, and in addition thereto made
statements from which the following ex
tracts are given:
Hon. Joseph H. Budd, San Joaquin —
On the contrary, that court (the Su
preme Court) stated in the opinion in
this case of Fox, quoting with approval
the language of Judge Dillon, that
"there is not in this country one rule
of law for the rich and a different rule
for the poor."
Hon. ■William O. Miner. Stanislaus —
As a matter of common fairness I will
say that I am familiar -with the opin
ion of the court in the case of Fox vs.
Oakland Consolidated Railway Com
pany, and that Judge Van Fleet did not
say in the opinion in that case nor in
any other that I know of that the child
of a poor man is not as valuable as the
child of a rich man.
Hon. Carroll Cook, city and county of
San Francisco — I will say, after a care
ful reading of the opinion filed in the
Fox case, I am unable to find any state
ment therein from which it can be in
ferred that the court held the value of
a poor man's child to be less than that
of the child of a rich man. On the con
trary, from some of the language used
the contrary can be inferred, for lan
guage is used from which the inference
can be clearly drawn that the child of
a laborer is of greater value to him,
pecuniarily, than would be the child of
a capitalist to him.
Hon. Lucian Shaw, Los Angeles — "The
value of the life of a child was not in
controversy in the Fox case. The ques
tion at issue was the value of the serv
ices which the child would probably
have rendered to or for its parents dur
ing its minority if It had lived." Judge
Shaw then takes the same view as
stated by Judge Cook as to the infer
ence in favor of the poor man's child.
Hon. F. M. Angeilotti, Marin— l have
carefully examined the opinion in the
Fox case and I am unable to find any
thing therein that intimates that the
value of the life of a poor man's son is
less than that of a rich man's son. In
view of some of the charges that have
been made against Judge Van Fleet in
regard to this opinion, I deem it only
fair to make this statement.
Hon. John F. Allison, Tehama — After
stating clearly the real issue in the
case Judge Fllison adds:
"While it is true, as suggested in the
press, that a boy may become a profes
sional man or successful business man,
the court could not overlook the fact
that when he did become either the one
or the other h» would have obtained
his majority, and with his majority his
father's rljarht to his services would
cease and thpy would be the exclusive
property of the boy. So the court was
limited in ite investigation of the case
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1898.
FELL TO HIS DEATH.
Rudolph Neumann, General Agent of the Alaska Commercial
Company, While Inspecting the Sitka Mine at Unga,
Fell 209 Feet to the Bottom of the Mine and Was In
stantly Killed. His Remains Were Brought to San Fran
cisco on the Steamer Portland.
simply and solely to the question. How
much money, net, would the boy have
made for his father between the day
he was killed and the day he would
have reached the age of 21 years? The
court was thus limited not because it
wanted to be but because it thus found
the law already declared for it."
Hon. Waldo M. York. Lns Angeles—
\ftcr statin? the law of the case to be
as Judge Cook. Judge Budd and other
Judges did, Judge York adds:
■•Common fairness requires that no
on«- will criticize this opinion without
reading it, and all intelligent and hon
orable opponents of Justice Van Fleet,
on reading it. will concede the correct
ness of this brief review." (Referring
to his statement previously made in his
Not one Judge or ex-Judge In this
State has expressed an opinion that
the law was not correctly expounded
in the Fox case.
POLITICS IN THE
ENCINAL CITY
PARTY LINES GTVE WAY TO
LOCAL PRIDE.
Oscar Rogers and T. C. Stoddard Sup
ported by Both. Republicans
and Democrats.
1 ALAMEDA, Oct. 30.— As election day ap
proaches the political situation in A la
in., ia becomes more and more compli
cated. This city has candidates on the
various tickets for Sheriff, County Clerk,
| Tax Collector, Senator and Assemblyman,
'■ and the indications are that the citizens
will cast party affiliation aside and give
a. I \k vote to the local candidates regard
less of the side of the political fence on
which they srand. They seem to look
upon the matter as one of local pride en
tirely.
City Marshal Rogers, Republican candi
date for Sheriff, has practically no oppo
sition in this city. Louis Schaffer, in
dependent, has made no effort to get an
Alameda vote. T. C. Landergan, Demo
crat, has had his campaign managers
here offering various Inducements for
support, but they were given no encour
agement whatever. Rogers will not only
receive the entire strength of the Repub
licans, but will get fully 50 per cent of
the local Democratic vote as well.
J B. Barber, Republican candidate for
Tax Collector, will not receive as much
outside support as Rogers, but he will
poll the full vote of his party, and the
focal campaign managers ligure that he
will go out of his home city with a ma
jority of between 700 and 800 votes.
T C. Stoddanl, Democratic candidate
for County <"lerk. occupies a position in
the political situation here almost similar
M that of Rogers. Frank Jordan's friends
claim that Alameda will give him a small
majority Conservative Republicans con
cede that if he carries this city at all it
will be by a narrow margin. On the other
hand many leading Republicans have
identified themselves with the Btoddard
fight and they figure out a clear majority
for him. In both the Sheriff's and Coun
ty Clerk's contest party lines are cutting
hardly any figure in Alameda.
E K. Taylor, for State Senator, is pit
ted against* J. J. Tobin, and the vote here
DETECTIVE BEE IS DEAD.
Passed Away at His Residence on Broadway
From a Complication of Diseases After
Two Months' Illness.
THE Police Department lost one of its ablest and most successful offi
cers in the detection of crime when Detective Joseph Bee died early
yesterday morning at his residence, 1706 Broadway. Two years ago,
ifter an attack of grip, he complained of stomach trouble and he was
granted leave of absence for six months to make a trip to England for
health, but he stuck to his arduous
work until about eight weeks ago.
when he was forced to take to his
bed. He could not assimilate his
food, which weakened his heart and
dropsy added to the complications.
He died about 5 o'clock yesterday
morning, and Sergeant Anderson,
who sat up with him all night, tele
phoned thp sad news to the Central
Police Station. He leaves a wife and
a married daughter to mourn • his
a corporal on December 28, IS7R, and
a detective on April 1, 1884. Prior to his promotion as a detective he was
on special duty for several years. No one feels his death more keenly than
Detective Gus Harper, as the two worked together for the past seven
teen years, and during all that time they never disagreed. Their par
ticular line was the detection of burglars, and they were eminently suc
cessful. They were detailed on almost every important case.
Bee was universally beloved and respected. Every one who had any
business with him became his friend, inside and outside his field of
operations. He was a fearless officer and an honest, straightforward,
manly man. His death has cast a gloom over the department, as his
genial, kindly presence will be sadly missed.
will be a mere matter of popularity and
not party. Joseph R. Knowland (Repub
lican), who aspires to repreSeni this dis
trict In the Legislature, has, fr in all In
dications, a walkover. His opponent is
an Oakland man who hus not yet had
the hardihood to extend his can\-iss into
Alameda.
In the contest for township officers In
terest has centered on the fight for Jus
tice of the Peace. Henry Morris was
nominated by the Republicans, and as a
compliment to him the Democrats placed
no one on their ticket to oppose him.
D. T. Hard, who failed to get the nomina
tion at the San Leandro convention, has
come out as an Independeni candidate.
He has endeavored to pull the G. A. R.
into his fight, claiming that the veterans
residing in this city have not been prop
erly recognized in the distribution of
political favors. The G. A. R. men, how
ever say they are well satisfied and will
keep th'elr hands off. At present Ala
m» da mpmhprs of the organization occupy
the following public positions: One Su
perior Judge, one Court Commissioner,
one county expert, three employes of the
Alameda School Department, two police
officers, one City Trustee, one bridge ten
der and one poundmastrr.
MAGTJIRE'S PROGRAMME.
A Busy Day for the Democratic Can
didate for Governor.
This afternoon Judge Maguire will visit
the Berkeley students in • response to an
invitation to an informal reception. There
will be no politics discussed. Judge Ma
gulre will simply meet the students and
introduce himself to them.
This evening Judge Maguire will visit
ten different meetings scattered over the
Thirtieth, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth and
Thirty-sixth districts, as follows:
Grand Central Hull (veterans of the Civil
Vnr AOTOO* »n) W Market street, southeast
corner of h: ' Johnson's Hall. 231 Chenery
n»riH»f r. & .lo Hall. Twenty-eljrhth and
Church »ti ts: Peter* Hall. ''" Mission street,
near Twemy-nlnth: Silks ■■'.!. Coso and Pre
( it;i . avenues: Iluveneck's Hall. Twenty-fourth
and Church street*: Harmony Hall, Eighteenth
and Hartford struts: Mission Opera Hall. 2131
Mission street, between Seventeenth and Klgh
teenth: Manhattan Hall. Mission and Erie
streets: Vereln Elntracht Hall. 237 Twelfth
street, between Folsom and Howard.
The speakers at the meetings will be:
Judge ataculre. Hon. William Crate. Hon.
John r. Dunn. Hon. Fvter J. Mc-ror
mlck. Hon Edward t. rv.ffey. Hon. Jloel
B Terry Governor Wudrl, Hon. .Tampa 11.
Parry Hon. J. J. Pwyer. Hon. J. J. Crowley,
Tudße' Fermi, Hon. Hugo K. Asher. Mayor
Pheliin Hon. William at Hlnt^n, Hon. H. C.
Qesford Hon. Stephen A. Byrne, Hon. T. F.
Walsh, Hon. Frank J. Heney and many others.
REPUBLICANS WILL RALLY.
Preparations for a Mass-Meeting to
Be Held in Berkeley This Week.
BERKELKV. Oct. 30.— The big Republi
can rally which was to have been held
here last night was postponed until Fri
day evening, November 4. Elaborate
preparations are being made for the meet
ing on that dnte. John Lawrence Geary
of Contra Costa County and Victor H.
Metcatf will be the principal speakers of
the evening. All the county delegates are
t,. lie present.
Arrangements have been made to have
the Republican clubs of the I'nlversity
of California send representatives. The
meeting will be held in Shattuck Hall, be
ginning at R o'clock.^
Buy wallpaper & window shades at Clark's,
653 Market. Country order" solicited.
Detective Bee was born in Durham
County, England, on May 3, 1845.
While a young man he rame to this
State and tried his luck at mining,
but becoming tired of it he came to
this city and joined the police force
on February 10, 1874. He was made
MET DEATH
TWO HUNDRED
FEET BELOW
Tragic End of Ru
dolph Neumann.
DISASTERS ON THE YUKON
A DOZEN RIVER STEAMERS ON
THE SAND BARS.
The Steamer Portland Arrived Yes
terday With Some Miners
Aboard, but They Brought
Very Little Gold.
The last of the St. Michael steamers—
the Alaska Commercial Company's Port
land—reached port yesterday. She has
been expected for over a week, and there
was a very large crowd down to meet
her. She came Into port with her flag at
half mast, and a gloom settled over the
people on the wharf. The gloom was not
lightened any when it was learned that
the flag was half masted out of respect
to the memory of Rudolph Neumann, the
able and popular manager of the Alaska
Commercial Company. The deceased was
one of the best-known and best-liked
business men in Alaska.
"Mr. Neumann's death was a very
tragic one," said J. Homer Fritch, the
well-known coal man, who was a pas
senger by the Portland from St. Michael.
"He was the general agent for the com
pany throughout Alaska, and after set
tling up his business for the year at
Unalaska went over to L'nga on the
schooner Pearl to wind up affairs there.
In company with T. C. Mayon, superin
tendent of the Apollo mine, he was going
over the company's property.
"A new vein had been struck In the
Sitka mine and Mayon and Neumann
were going down the shaft to Inspect It.
At the 100-foot level both men got out of
tne bucket and were standing on a plat
form, Mr. Neumann holding on to one of
the uprights. Mr. Neumann made some
remark about the darkness, and Mr.
Mayon asked him, 'Can you see?' 'Yes,
I'm all right,' was the answer, but the
next instant he got dizzy and went crash
ing to the bottom of the shaft 209 feet
below. How Superintendent Mayon got
out of the mine he does not know, but
he succeeded somehow and sent a party
of miners down after the body. It was
brought to the surface and embalmed by
the doctor on the island and sent to San
Francisco for interment.
"The Indians were broken-hearted over
the death of Mr. Neumann. He was like
a lather to them, and lacy were still
weeping for him when we left the Isl
and."
Leopold Neumann, the well-known
dentist, was a brother of the deceased,
and I'aul Neumann, Attorney General of
Hawaii under the monarchy, was his
uncle. O.he Messrs. Sloss, Mr. Neumann
and a host of the deceased's friends were
down at the wharf to meet him, only to
be confronted by the Portland with her
flag at half mast.
Rudolph Neumann first went to Alaska
in 1873 in the schooner Eustace with Cap
tain Blair. He became the Alaska Com
mercial Company's agent at St. Michael
in that year, but when Alfred Greenbaum
retired he became general agent for the
concern with headquarters at Unalaska.
The news from the Yukon is not very
encouraging. The labor market is glutted
and thousands of gold hunters are wish
ing they were home again. At least a
dozen river steamers are stuck on the
sandbars of the river, and not one of
them will be saved. The Dawson City,
which left here in June last wuh a party
among which was "Chancy" Bruce of
the yacht Rover, was a total wreck.
She went on a bar in the Yukon flats and
broke her back. The gold hunters de
serted her and were making the best of
the circumstances at St. Michael when
the Portland sailed.
The Herman and Tacoma of the Liebes
fleet were also on sandbars and in dan
gerous positions. The Linda pulled on the
Herman for a whole day in an effort to
get her off, but failed. The other river
boats were all in bad positions, and the
chances are that they will go to pieces
in the spring when the ice breaks up.
The gold hunters who were to have gone
to Dawson on the river steamer City of
Paris played in hard luck. After waiting
nearly a month for their vessel they gave
it up in disgust, sold all their outfits and
fittings for the steamer and left for Daw
son to go home by the trail. Shortly
afterward the City of Paris arrived at
Dutch Harbor in tow of the tug Mystery.
They were forty-two days getting from
Nanaimo, B. C, to Dutch Harbor, so it
was no wonder they were given up for
lost.
Ice was making in the Yukon and there
was thin ice at Dutch Harbor when the
Portland sailed on October 11. The Port
land towed the Alaska Commercial Com
pany's tug Sadie from St. Michael to
Dutch Harbor, and she is now in winter
quarters there.
The Portland brought very little gold
from the Alaskan mines.
ALL-ROUND SPORTS.
Football, Swimming and Boxing Con
tests That Will Soon Take Place.
The Trinity and Black and Gold foot
hall teams will meet to-morrow at
the Presidio athletic grounds and the sec
ond game of a series will be played on
November 10. The Trinity team is com
posed of very aggressive players, who
will have a ditlicult task on hand to defeat
the Black and Gold, which won recently
an easy game from the Polytechnic High
School team.
Andrew Clancy has challenged George
J La Coste to swim him at Sutro Baths
thin afternoon a fifty-yard race.
Sid Cavill, the Australian champion, is
going to return to his native land next
Wednesday.
The Merchants' Athletic Club has
matched Charles Emmnns and Jules Til
man to box four rounds, Joe Gagliardo
and "Young" Jeffries six rounds, Pat
Lynch and Jack McDonald eight rounds.
These contests will be held in the near
•future. , . ,
Fred Muller who is matched to box
"Spider" Kelly before the Western Ath
letic Club, and "Kid" McFadden, who is
also matched to fight "Kid" Maynard.
will complete their training at the Six
mile House. Jimmy Reilly will also meet
a pupil of Muller on the evening of the
sini Jeffries, who is matched to fight
Joe Kennedy, will train in Los Angeles
until a few weeks before the day of the
fight when he will be taken in hand by
his old manager, Billy Delaney.
A Lively Contest.
The merriest sort of a fight is now
going on over the office of Public Ad
ministrator. The present incumbent,
Captain Freese, shows his testimonials
by his reputable character, his long
residence in California and his efficient
performance of his official duties. No
man is better known or better liked.
He is owned by no faction or clique.
All sigrns point to Captain Freese as
the coming man for Public Administra
tor.
The famous old JESSK MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Who Owns the WatchP
Detectives Gibson and Wren want the
owner of a gold watch, open face, with a
lady's picture on tho dial and a mono
gram on the back case. Attached to it
is a broad ribbon with a locket having a
stone on one side and a monogram on the
other. The Inside of the case 'is marked
with blood.
ADV2BTISEMENTSL ___,_- -
FIVE SPECIAL VALUES.
$I.O(TYanL
20 pieces 52-inch BLACK
ENGLISH CHEVIOT, shrunk
and sponged, ready for
wear.
$1.75 Yard.
15 pieces BLACK ENGLISH
CHEVIOT, full 58 Inches
wide, very heavy quality
and fast colors.
$1.00 Yard.
18 pieces BLACK FIGURED
ARMURES, 43 Inches In
width, in a full assortment
of new designs.
$1.75 Yard.
12 pieces BLACK FIGURED
MOHAIR GRANITE CLOTH,
43 -Inches wide, In both
Bayaderes and Figures.
$1.25 Yard.
8 pieces BLACK FRENCH
VENETIAN CLOTH, 47
Inches wide and extra
heavy quality.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
2 cases BLACK ENGLISH CiT 17 J
TAILOR CHEVIOTS, 48 XKf V 21171
inches in width. Price.... Ut/V 1 til U« worth $1.25.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
OOLDBERG
BQWEN
& CO.
The A B C of success in our busi-
ness is to have the best goods at a
fair price and people will find you
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Alkethrepta— reg'ly 25ctin 2OC
A preparation of pure chocolate con-
densed. Very cheap
AlmondS— Jordan sugared 45 c
regularly 60c lb. A delicious confec-
tion by "Mai Hard, New York
Ammonia— toilet 2£c
Odors: violet and lavender. For the
bath — softens and perfumes the water
Baking powder-E*cehHor 30c
reg'ly 40c 5-lb tin $1.2£
The old stand-by so many people use
every day — we make it and know it
is good
Brandy-Californian 3 bots $2
reg'ly $1 bot, $4 gal gal 2
We don't make the brandy but we ye
had it in stock several years
Bouillon CapSUleS-German 30C
regularly 40c tin of 12 capsules
Used by the German army. For beef
tea in the sick room and for conval-
ecents. Your friends in Manila would
like some
Castile soap-French 2^c
regularly 30c bar.
Made of olive oil-heathful to the skin
and has plenty of lather
Cider— sweet, reg'ly 50c gal 40C
Pure apple juice— from Marin county
CitrOn--E*^or7i— reg'ly I5 C I2^C
Every housekeeper wants citron now
and she wants good citron
Ginger— C & B 30C
regularly 35c jar
An appetizing sweet meat
Oil — sublime Lucca rOC
regularly 55c bottle
A superior quality Italian olive oil
Perfumery —no advance in ooru r
prices since the war tax began. You
can find nearly everything you want
in the line of toilet articles here at old
prices
New goods in
Smyrna figs German potatoes
Baby pirn olas Potomac herrings ■
Italian chestnuts Goosebreasts
Milcher herrings Wiesbaden prunes
Virginian pickles
California fruits in glass
Sweet pickled watermelons ■
Cigars arriving weekly from Havana
Buy by the box
Vichy water $3 dozen
Smoking tobacco 20c
Gloriana Mixture— extra mixture ,
. Regular price 25c tin i pound
•Mail orders entitled to these prices If posted not
later than Wednesday.
43* Pine 215 Sutler 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
\AI. T. HESS,
ROTARY POBLIO AND ATTOKNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus S cela Bids.
* Telephone Brown 631.
Residence. 821 California at., below Powell.
San Francisco.
HO FOR THE
CAROLINE ISLANDS.
THE HANDSOME Al IRON BARKENTINH
RUTH
\V ILL SAIL ABOUT DECEMBER IST FOR
"' Kusiac, Ponape and Ruk, Caroline Islands,
where our trading stations are. These Islands
are situated about half way between Hawaii
and the Philippines, and constitute part of what
must soon become American colonies. This
vessel will be fitted with first-class accommo-
dations for a limited number of passengers,
and every opportunity will be given for a study
of these beautiful and fruitful islands, of whosa
wealth of resources so little Is known. For
round trip, voyage about five months, 1350.
J. F. CUNNINGHAM CO..
Owners, 14 Clay street, San Francisco.
Beware of Imitations
»
JOHN rUNC/N'S SONS, AOtMTS, NEW YORK.
We RELY on rr ninTin.i
Oculists' PRE SC 2 N
Jo rur\ our Spectacle Factory-
Bring us Yours.
Opticians kop a a k gency .
642 MARKEtST.
. CHRONICLE building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
- DR.PIERCES 1,
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE ".'.-••
BLOOD, LUNGS:
dr. mcnulty:
rrnis WELL-KNOWN AND reliable OLD
a Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
\V euknesses of Men.free. Ovor 20 y'lV experience.
Patents en at Homo. Terms readable. Hours!)
to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30 Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
- l>r. P. ROSCGE BIcJKUI/TY,
««»^ Kearny St., Han Francisco, Cal.
Weekly Ctsl!olw Year