VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 7.
TERRIFIC BOMBARDMENT OF SANTIAGO
AND DEADLY FIGHTING ABOUT MANILA.
REBELS PUT
TO ROUT THE
SPANISH FOE
Outposts at Manila Cap
tured With Great
Slaughter.
MANILA, May 31 (via Hongkong, June
6). — The Spanish outposts bave been
driven in all along the line simultaneously
and wit!) great slaughter. It is said over
a thousand hjave been killed. Tr;ere hjas
been fierce hand to band fighting for sev
enty hours, despite trje typhoon which is
raging.
The violent winds and torrents of rain
render tr;e rifles of the Spanish troops
unavailing. The natives easily win at
every step with; trjeir slashing K nj ves.
To-day t\)e insurgents F)old Malabon,
Tarlac and Bacoor They are now at
tacKing San Tomas and Morlate, the
suburbs of the city, wfycb is completely
encircled for a distance of seven n)iles.
A native regiment under Colonel Aguin
aldo, cousin of the insurgent leader, yes
terday joined tfye insurgents. Trjree
rockets were dropped into the city to
day. They are supposed to have beer; a
signal for tr;e natives.
The Governor has issued a de
spairing proclamation, begging
the insurgents to come to terms,
and meanwhile he is arranging to
remove all the Spanish popula
tion inside the old walled city.
He is filling the moats, testing
the drawbridges and placing
strong guards on the principal
streets and artillery along the
walls. All the other troops are
camping in the suburbs. The
weather is terrific.
LATER — It now appears that
the rockets yesterday were not
signals to the natives, but a warn
ing from the German Consulate
of the approach of the typhoon,
issued for the benefit of ships in
the harbor.
I visited Cavite without the
Spaniards knowing it and found
there 197 wounded and 56 pris
oners, among the latter six Span
ish officers. All were well treated.
Chief Aguinaldo, in the course
of an interview, has said that the
insurgents are eager to rush
upon Manila forthwith, but that
Admiral Dewey refuses to "allow
hordes of passionate semi-sav
ages to storm a civilized metrop
olis." Admiral Dewey wants to
await the arrival of the American
troops. In the meantime the in
surgents have been forbidden to
cross the Molate River, seven
miles south of Manila. "Other
wise the Petrel will be stationed
there to bombard them.
The volunteers smelt powder
yesterday. An officer was killed
and three wounded. They re
tired rapidly. One German resi
dent has enlisted with the volun
teers.
HONGKONG, June 6.—Dis
patches from Manila dated June
I and 3. report heavy fighting,
the rebels driving back the gar
rison with heavy losses. General
AguinaMo's cousin was shot, as
he refused to fight. Foreigners
are moving to ships in the bay.
LONDON, June 7.— The
Hongkong correspondent of the
Standard says: Advices from
The San Francisco Call
Manila say Admiral Dewey has
gathered the steamers now
blockaded in the river to lie off
Cavite in readiness to receive for
eigners. The Spaniards are los
ing arms, ammunition and field
pieces almost daily, so persistent
are the rebel attacks. The natives
are flocking to Aguinaldo's stan
dard. He is, on the whole, con
ducting the campaign on hu
mane principles. In the course
of a pitched battle on May 30 a
number of native auxiliaries de
SAN FIIANCISCO, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1898.
REAR ADMIRAL SAMPSON, COMMANDING THE COMBINED FLEETS BEFORE SANTIAGO.
serted the Spanish lines for the
insurgents. From the general
tenor of the news from Manila
there is a right to believe that the
city will fall into Dewey's hands
before the arrival of the Ameri
can troops.
HONGKONG, June 6.— The
British gunboat Swift, which has
just arrived from Manila, reports
ONE OF THE FORTS IN SANTIAGO HARBOR UNDER BOMBARDMENT,
that the insurgents have cut the
railways outside the town and
advanced to within four miles of
the city.
A Spanish regiment mutinied
and shot its officers.
Fighting between the insur
gents and the Spanish troops is
frequent, and the former brought
1000 prisoners to Cavite.
The Americans, it is reported
at Manila, assist the insurgents
with boats and machine guns.
The Swift repeats a rumor that
the insurgents had captured and
tortured a number of priests. The
British residents, at the time the
Swift left, remained in Manila,
Continued on Second Page.
SAMPSON'S
GUNS AGAIN
AT WORK
American Troops Said to
Have Landed Near
Aguadores.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, June 6.—Ad
vices received here to-day show that the
bombardment at Santiago de Cuba was re
sumed this morning by the American fleet.
It is said that the Americans succeeded
in forcing the harbor, having first destroyed
the wreck of the Merrimac, which they
sank on Friday morning to prevent the es
cape of the Spanish squadron.
After entering the harbor they engaged
the Spanish warships, and after hot fight
ing sank two of them. It is reported that
one of the American vessels was damaged,
but this cannot be confirmed.
The United States auxiliary cruiser St.
Louis, which is acting as a dispatch boat
for Admiral Sampson, has arrived at Mole
St. Nicholas.
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, Hayti, June 6.—
News of the successful landing Saturday of
5000 American troops a few miles west of
Santiago de Cuba was brought here by the
auxiliary cruiser St. Louis, which arrived
to-day.
There were three regiments and three
batteries of artillery, several heavy siege
guns and a force of engineers.
No confirmation was received to-day of
the reported naval engagement off Jean Ra
bel, on the northwest coast of Hayti. The
officers of the St. Louis do not believe any
such engagement could have taken place.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti,
June 6. — A dispatch which has
just been received from Santiago
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
de Cuba states that the Ameri
cans have made another attack;
upon the Spanish defenses. The
firing began at 7:45 o'clock this
morning, and in a few minutes
the cannonading became general,
showing that all the batteries
and the forts at the entrance of
the harbor and all the American
fleet were engaged.
The firing was not only at the
entrance of the port, but it was
evident that the Americans were
attacking further down the coast,
for the sounds of the cannonad
ing came from the direction of
Aguadores, to the eastward of
Morro.
Some of the military authori
ties at Santiago contended that
this firing at Aguadores denoted
that the Americans were attempt
ing to land troops under the fire
of their ships, but there was noth
ing to confirm their opinion.
The firing continued to in
crease in violence, and at 8:35
o'clock, when this dispatch was
sent, it was still going on with
much fury. The Spaniards were
evidently making a gallant de
fense. The batteries and forts
are so far from the city that it
was impossible to learn any de
tails of the fighting. There was
much excitement in the city.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti,
June 6. — I have just received
news of the landing of a large
force of American troops a few
miles west of Santiago de Cuba.
The landing was aided by a force
of insurgents, with whom a coali
tion had been made, and who at
tacked the Spanish batteries
while the fleet outside bombard-2
Ed the fortifications and earth
works.
It was reported to-day (but the
report lacks confirmation) that
the American squadron forced an
entrance into the harbor of San
tiago. The report added that
the Cristobal Colon and an
other Spanish vessel were sunk,
and that an American ship,
whose name cannot be learned,
was blown up.
CAPE HAYTIEN, June 6.—
The ball has 6pened in earnest.
The first general advance of the
navy and army against Cuba be
gan this morning, and when the
signal "Cease firing" flutters
from the masthead of Sampson's
.flagship Morro Castle and Fort
Socapa, at the entrance to San
tiago harbor, will be piles of
ruins.
A general bombardment of the
fortifications began at 7:45 this
morning. Fifteen minutes later
the cannonading had grown ter
rific.
It is believed that all the bat
tle-ships in the squadron are in
the engagement. It is said that
troops were landed during the
bombardment of the forts at
Aguadores, five miles east of
Morro, and it is probable that
they attacked the castle from the
land side. It is also probable that
troops were landed near Socapa,
on the west side.
NEW YORK, June 6.—Aspe
cial from Kingston, Jamaica, re
ports that 5000 troops have land
ed near Punta Cabrera, a little to
the west of Santiago de Cuba,
where a junction was effected
with General Calixto Garcia's
army of 3000 insurgents. It is
added that the landing was ef
fected under cover of a fire from
Admiral Sampson's fleet. With
the troops were several heavy
siege guns.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti,
June 6. — The cannonade at Agu
adores began at 7:45 this morn
ing. It became stronger at 7:55,
both sides seeming to put forth
every possible effort. It grew
more violent, and at 8:45 a. m.
•was still in progress.
HAVANA, June 6, 7 p. m. —
At 8 o'clock this morning twenty
four vessels of the American fleet
opened fire upon the forts at the
entrance of the Santiago harbor
and along the coast line. The
firing ceased about 11 o'clock.
.Further details are not yet
known here.
Yesterday Colonel Aldea, with
a Spanish force, sustained a fire
near Punta Cabrera from the in
surgents on the land side and
from the American warships.
The Spanish forces are well
entrenched on the line from Si
boney to Aguadores, and to-day
they checked an attempt of the
American forces to land and re
.pelled them.
. LONDON, June 7.— A dis
patch to the Financial News
from Cape Haytien, dated Mon
day, says:
At daylight this morning the
American troops landed at Agua
dores, a few miles east of Santi
ago de Cuba, under cover of Ad
miral Sampson's guns. The bat
teries were silenced after a sharp
bombardment.
PREPARATIONS HAD BEEN
MADE FOR THE ATTACK
Delay Caused by a Misunderstanding
on the Part of the
Spaniards.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL
DISPATCH BOAT OFF SANTIAGO
DE CUBA, via Kingston, Jamaica,
June 6. — When I left the squadron un
der Rear Admiral Sampson in front of
Santiago de Cuba yesterday plans had
been made for an attack on the town
to-day. The assault was to have taken
place yesterday, but was postponed.
"We were billed to smash the Cuban
outfit," Captain "3ob" Evans of the
lowa told me. "All the plans for the
bombardment had been made. The
ships were cleared for action and every
thing was ready, when a delay was or
dered. This delay was probably due to
the appearance of a Spanish launch
bearing a flag of truce, which started
from the cruiser Almirante Oquendo
Just about the time the order for the
bombardment was to have been given.
The Spanish officer in command of the
launch said it was thought on the
Oquendo that a signal flag had been
displayed on the lowa. As soon as he
learned his mistake he returned to
his ship."
• The Resolute has reached the fleet
with ammunition and supplies. There
Is no doubt among the officers of the
squadron that a Spanish torpedo boat
destroyer waa sunk last night.
CRISTOBAL COLON
IS REPORTED LOST
Bald to Have Been Sunk In the Bom-
bardment of Fri
day.
Copyrighted, 18W, by Jams* Gordon Bennett.
PORT AU PRINCE, Haytl, June 6.—
A, report which Btlll lacks conflrmatlon
WARSHIPS
TO CRUISE
OFF SPAIN
Auxiliary Vessels Will at
Once Be Supplied
With Guns.
FlyiOQ Squadron to Be formed
of Ocean Greyhounds of
the American Line.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Another American scout is to
be made at once into a formidable aux
iliary cruiser. Instructions telegraphed
to-day to Newport News by Acting
Secretary Allen directed that six 5-inch
guns be supplied to the Yale, former
ly the Paris, of the American line, and
that she be furnished with 300 rounds
of ammunition. On account of the
necessity of returning her to active
service at the earliest possible moment,
Mr. Allen ordered that the work of
placing guns be completed by Satur
day. These rush orders will prevent
the construction of a magazine in the
ship and her ammunition will be de
posited in the hold. It will be impos
sible to provide the machinery of the
ship with protection, and this will be
done at a more convenient season.
Naturally, as to the destination of
reached here from Santiago de Cuba
to-day that during the bombardment
by the American fleet the Spanish
cruiser Cristobal Colon was sunk. The
report Is dated at Santiago, Saturday,
June 4. It states that yesterday (Fri
day) evening the American fleet re
opened fire on the batteries at Santiago.
The firing continued from half-past 10
o'clock until half-past 11 o'clock, but
the result of the bombardment is not
given. During the entire day the
American fleet had a cruiser in front
of the harbor. The correspondent who
sent the report says he counted twenty
American vessels on Friday. On Sat
urday there were sixteen other vessels
and these are believed to have brought
arms and ammunition for use in the
operations against the Spanish forces.
RUMOR OF A NAVAL
BATTLE OFF JEAN RABEL
Thre«t Spanish and Four American
Warships Said to Have
Been Engaged.
Copyrighted, 189 S. by James Gordon Bennett.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayli, June 6.— A
dispatch from Mole St. Nicholas says:
There is a rumor here that a naval bat
tle took place yesterday off Jean Rabel
between three Spanish warships and
four Americans. After a short fight the
Americans withdrew. This news is not
confirmed.
SPANISH VERSIONS
OF LATE WAR NEWS
Senor Giron Admits the Government
Cannot Confirm the Blowing
Up of the Baltimore.
MADRID, June 6.— ln the Chamber
of Deputies to-day Senor Giron, the
Minister for the Colonies, replying to
inquiries on the subject, said the Gov
ernment had no information tending to
confirm the Spanish report that the
United States cruiser Baltimore had
been blown up by an internal explo
sion at Manila, except the fact that
Lloyd's Gazette "had erased the Balti
more from its list of American ■hips."
Deputy Comas ask^d if a note had
been sent to the powers "pointing ( >ut
the American violation* of interna
tional law." and hi urged the Govern
ment to Include in such communica
tion the fact that the "Americans had
furnished arms to an almost savage
race in the Philippine Islands."
Senor Giron declined tx say whether
or not a note had been sent.
The Minister of Finance. Senor Puig
cerv;er, replying to criticisms in the
Senate to-day on the raining of a new
loan, declared that the present situa
tion, or the needs of war, necessitated
the measure.
PLANS FOR AN ATTACK
ON CANARY ISLANDS
WASHINGTON, June 6.— Following
the declaration by ex-Secretary Foster
that the United States may attack the
Canary Islands comes a report this af
ternoon that the War Board Is actual
ly preparing plans for such an attack.
ATTACK MADE ON
SAMPSON'S FLEET
Spanish Boat Tries In Vain to
Discharge a Deadly Tor
pedo.
KET WEST, Fla., June 6.— 1 learned to-night from an offlber Just
In from the fleet at Santiago the details of an attack made Friday
night on four of Admiral Sampson's ships. The Dolphin saw a long
black vessel stealing toward her when she was about three miles east
of Santiago, and made out at once a torpedo boat. She let go imme
diately, and then three other warships cruising eastward dashed up
to her and all four ships began cannonading. The boat at which they
fired proved as elusive as a moonbeam. It scooted about as though
a phantom, but Its speed, color and movements made them sure the
Spaniards were trying to torpedo them. For twenty minutes they kept
up the fire, but their target dashed away as soon as the gunners
thought they had their pieces trained. Time and again it started In
toward them, but the shower of shellß forced It to retreat, and at last
it vanished In the darkness off shore.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1898.
the Yale the authorities are silent. I
understand she will join the St. Louis
In patrol work and no surprise need be
expressed if these two vessels are not
shortly reported cruising off the Span
ish coast, endeavoring to learn any
thing of value concerning Spanish
movements, which would be tele
graphed to Washington.
The desire of the authorities to arm
without delay the auxiliary cruisers of
the American line is another indication
of their intention to put the vessels
into condition to be drafted Into a fly
ing squadron which may be dispatched
to Spanish waters when operations
against Santiago and the Spanish fleet
are concluded.
The four auxiliary cruisers, with their
great coal capacity, would enable the
squadron's stay at sea for some time,
and this, the officials say, is one of the
greatest advantages in favor of the for
mation of such a fleet.
VICTORY FOR
REPUBLICANS
Make a Clean Sweep in
Oregon.
FIVE THOUSAND MAJORITY
STATE TICKET ELECTED IN ITS
ENTIBETY.
Gold Standard Platform Triumphs
Against a Combination of Silver
Fusionists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., June 6.— The State
election to-day resulted in a victory
for the entire Republican State ticket.
T. T. Geer, Republican, for Governor,
will have a plurality of at least 3000
and may be larger. The Republicans
have elected a majority of the Legis
lature, which will insure the election
of a Republican United States Sena
tor to fill the vacancy now existing
from this State.
M. A. Moody is elected Congressman
from the Second District, and the in
dications are that T. H. Tongue will
be elected from the First District.
At 11:30 Chairman G. A. Steel of the
Republican State Central Committee
gave out the following:
"The Republicans have carried the
State by at least 5000 majority, the
county and city ticket in Portland, cer
tainly the Second Congressional district
and probably the First, though returns
are bo slow from the First district that
positive announcement cannot be
made."
Loss than 1000 votes out of a total of
16,000 in this city had been counted at
10 o'clock to-night. Geer, Republican
for Governor, has 425 to 300 for King,
Fußionist, out of the votes counted.
Mason, Republican, for Mayor of this
city, is probably elected by 1000 plural
ity. Owing to the length of the ticket
hunting proceeds very slowly.
The Oregonian will say to-morrow*
"The Republicans claim they have car
ried Oregon by not less than 5000 ma
jority. This result has been gained on
a platform distinctly declaring for a
gold standard and against free coinage
of silver. At Portland the Republicans
have elected the Mayor and claim the
whole legislative ticket."
Fire in a Barn.
An alarm was turned In at 11 o'clock
last night from box 238. The fire was in
the barn of Farnsworth &. Ruggles at
Nebraska and Mariposa streets, which
was damaged to the extent of $1000. The
cause of th« flre is unknown.
REBELS POT
TO ROUT THE
SPANISH FOE
Continued from Tirst Page.
but the foreigners were taking
refuge on the foreign shipping.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press at Manila, under date of June 2,
says:
"I have traversed the whole region
of fighting during tho last three days,
in 6pite of the prohibition. I found
the insurgents strongly posted at Ca
loocan, eight miles north of Manila, and
at Bacoor, the tame distance south.
To the east I found nothing in the way
of insurgent intrenchments. The Span
lards hold the whole Pasig River
(which flows into the bay immediately
below the town of Manila) to the la
goon. The two sections of the insur
gent forces signal their movements
with fire balloons.
"To the northward the rising is gen
eral and the Spaniards are few. The
railway has been cut in several places
and the English overseers have been
warned off. To the southward there
has been fierce fighting on the Zapote
River, between Bacoor and Las Pinas.
"The biggest battle of the present
campaign was fought last Tuesday. The
Insurgents attacked on the left branch
of Zapote, waded across amid a ty
phoon, stormed the banks for several
miles and carried the Spanish trenches
with knives.
"Yesterday (June 1) they tried the
right branch of the Zapote, but failed.
The Spaniards employed artillery all
day, but no casualties are reported. To
day there have been only ineffective
skirmishes.
"The country is densely wooded and
swampy. Both parties Bhoot aimless
ly. I got in the middle of the 'irinjr,
but nobody was hurt. Nothing was
visible in the tremendous fusillade, and
I believe nobody knew what he was
shooting at. Both sides were 'duffers.'
The insurgents, however, are excellent
in a melee. The Spaniards say they
were victorious yesterday, but that
they cannot follow up the victory and
annihilate the rebels, because of the
American warships at Cavite. More
over, they say it is necessary to save
their energies for the American troops.
Meanwhile the vicinit- of Manila iR an
impenetrable network of ambuscades."
MONADNOCK WILL
SAIL WITHIN TEN DAYS
Navy Department to Purchase a Ship
to Accompany the
Monitor.
"WASHINGTON, June 6.— The Navy
Department gave orders to-day that
the double-turreted monitor Monad
nock, now at Mare Island. Cal., should
be made ready to sail for Manila within
ten days, and the necessary orders
were hurriedly telegraphed. The Mon
terey will not wait for the company of
the Monadnock. but should be»off in the
course of a few hours under the con
voy of the Brutus. The Navy Depart
ment will Immediately procure another
merchant ship to accompany the Mon
adnock on her 6000-mile voyage.
The Monadnock Is a most powerful
double-turreted monitor. With twin
screws and 3000 horsepower engines,
she is easily able to make 12M. knots an
hour. Built on the general lines of the
Amphitrite. she has better engines and
more power than that monitor. She
carries four 10-inch guns in two tur
rets, besides two 4-inch rapid-fire guns
In a casement and a numerous second
ary battery. Her coal capacity is 250
tons in bunkers and almost as much
more stowage room can be found on
the decks. Consequently the Monad
nock has the ability to make a longer
cruise than the Monterey without re
plenishing her coal supply, yet her ca
pacity is still too small to permit her
to make the passage from Honolulu to
the Philippines unaided. With these
two monitors Admiral Dewey will be
fully able to take care of himself, even
should the much-talked-of Cadiz fleet
undertake to attack him in Manila har
bor.
TREACHERY AMONG THE
PHILIPPINE REBELS
Many Insurgents Eager to Win the
Price Set Upon the Head
of Aguinaldo.
MANILA, May 27, via Hongkong,
June 6. — Reports are rife of treachery
; among the rebels. Their origin may
be Spanish, but I believe many former
rebels are anxious to Rain the reward
of $25,000 offered for General Agufcialdo,
dead or alive. The rebel leader, Jok-
Bon. has been betrayed by his party
and shot. Their excuse was that they
Buspected Jokson of being a Spanish
spy. The former rebel, Trias, former
ly secretary to Aguinaldo and now a
major of native militia, loyal to Spain,
has promised to capture Aguinaldo
dead or alive.
The American admiral and generals
had better rely on their own resources.
After their first Buccess the natives will
flock to their banner.
Riots continue in the provinces of
Pagaslnan, Zambales and La Union.
The rebels have burned many cor vents
and churches. They killed four Span
lards and one priest In La Union.
Former Rebel Baldemero Aguinaldo
has been shot by Trias for refusing to
operate against his cousin, Emilio
Baldemero, a former active rebel, who
has become commander of the native
militia loyal to Spain.
PORTO RICO MUST
FIRST BE GIVEN UP
Settle of Kentucky Speaks of Spain's
Probable Negotiations
for Peace.
WASHINGTON, June B<—Congress
man Settle of Kentucky says he has
Information that, should Spain sue for
peace Immediately, the administration
will not consider the negotiations un
less they include the giving up of Porto
Rico to the United States, even though
we have not taken that island.
Primaries in Georgia.
ATLANTA, Ga.. June 6.— The State
Democratic primaries were held through
out Georgia to-day. Although the elec
tion will not be held until October 5, the
result of to-day's primaries is equivalent
to an election, and great interest is mani
fested. The three candidates for Gover
nor are Allan D. Chandler, Robert L.
Berner and Spencer T. Atkinson. Advices
from many counties' in various parts of
the State Indicate that Chandler is In the
lead. Berner is running a close second
and Atkinson is a poor third. The vote
is lighter than expected.
COULD SAIL
AROUND THE
MERRIMAC
Cervera Not Completely Sh)ut In
by the Collier iQ the
Channel.
ON BOARD HERALD-CALL DISPATCH-BOAT, OFF SANTIAGO
DE CUBA, via Port Antonio, June 6.— The Herald-Call dispatch-boat
crept in toward the blocked channel of Santiago's harbor and went
within two miles of Morro Castle. Enough was seen to indicate that
there is some doubt whether the sunken Merrimac blocks the channel
completely.
An excellent view of the wreck was obtained. About ten feet of
her smokestack and mast could be seen. She lies in about seven
fathoms of water, but not directly across the channel, and it looks as
if a large vessel might pass around her. It would be comparatively
easy for the Spaniards to blow her up and clear the channel, but they
will probably not do so, as she prevents ingress as well as egress, and
increases their security.
SPANISH SPIES
ARE ARRESTED
Carranza and Dubosc
Placed in Jail.
ON COMPLAINT OF KELLERT
THE UNITED STATES DETECTIVE
DEMANDS DAMAGES.
Embassador Hay Protests Against
Castilian Officials Making Can
ada a Base of Hostile
Operations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTREAL, June 6.— Lieutenant
Carranza and Senor Dubosc were ar
rested at 6:50 to-day on a capias issued
at the instance of Detective Kellert at
the house of the Consul General of
Spain.
Magistrate La Fontaine to-day hon
orably discharged Detective Kellert
from custody on the charge of stealing
the now famous letter from Lieutenant
Carranza. Immediately afterward Kel
lert's lawyer took steps to take out a
damage suit for $25,000 jointly and
severally against Senors Dubosc and
Carranza for false arrest. The money
they have in the Bank of Montreal will
be garnishced and leave will be asked
to seize their personal property before
Judgment, so as to have a guarantee on
their part for costs.
LONDON, June 6.— The United States
Embassador, Colonel Hay, called at the
Foreign Office to-day and presented
evidence of the Spanish officials making
Canada the base of hostile operations
and protested against the continuance
of this practice. The protest is based
on the fact that It would be a breach
of neutrality^ for Great Britain to per
mit her territory to be used for such
purposes. * Colonel Hay also recently
drew the attention of the Foreign Office
to small exportation* from Great Brit
ain of war munitions intended for
Spain. W
SECURES A BRIEF RESPITE.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— Lieutenant
Carranz;i uml Senor Dttboac, who are
conducting their Spanish operations
from Montreal, have succeeded in ob
taining a brief respite from expulsion
through the denial by Carranza of the
accuracy of certain features of the let
ter attributed to him. The British au
thorities acted on the assumption that
the translation of the Carra..za letter
was correct 'and that there was no
doubt that the Spanish officials were
using Canada as a base for hostile ac
tion against the United States. But
since a question is raised as to the ac
curacy of the translation no step is
likely to be taken toward forcible ex
pulsion until the translation is estab
lished as correct. The British authori
ties have been ready from the outset to
act on a well-established case, but the
expulsion of a foreigner is such a seri
ous matter that it is said no such step
would be proper while the evidence was
open to question. The v. arranza denial
raises a question of veracity which can
be readily settled by the production of
the original letter. This is not in the
possession of the State Department,
but it is understood to be in the hands
of the secret service branch of the
Treasury Department. When the ac
curacy of the translation is established
the British authorities will act
promptly. ________________
Omaha Kid Whips Marshall.
WHEELING, W. Va., June 6.— Oscar
Gardner knocked out Jerry Marshall of
Australia in thirteen rounds here to
night.
Mls an annoying and a disgusting disease. Why Is there
m so much of it? Because it is never — or rarely— properly
m treated. Catarrh is one of the clearest indications of ncr-
m vous trouble. The irritated nerves produce an excess of %
M ivtucous. v_ure the nervous trouble, and the catarrh w
M ceases Immediately. Men who have lived Improperly have m
m catarrh. Excesses breed it. "Hudyan" cures it, because «
m "Hudyan" cures all nerve disease. "Hudyan" clears the ■
■ head; makes strong nerves; brings life to half-men; i
m makes puny men big; corrects the effect of abuse of the %
8 organs — no matter whether it be of the kidneys, liver or *]
M any other. Circulars and testimonials showing what it «j
fi has done for over $000 men who were suffering from ncr- <?
B vous debility and were being treated for local catarrh are •'
M absolutely free to you. Ask for them. -;
■ I f\f\l{ For the signs of blood taint. Those tell-tale copper- 3
H L^\J\J W%. colored spots; the loosening teeth; the little ulsers. M
H "30-day blood cure" eradicates the polßon. Ask for tree circulars m
■k about It. Ask for free medical advice, too. No cost to you. Th» jg
*k "cure" cures. m
\ Hudson Medical Institute, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., S. F. /
I9OWHERB ELSE CAN YOU OBTAIN M
RIOTS AT A
CELEBRATION
Irish Police Attacked
and Overpowered.
MANY WOUNDED IN AFFRAYS
ANNIVERSARY OF SHOOTING OF
'86 CAUSES STRIFE.
Exciting Encounters Prolonged Near
Belfast Until After Midnight,
and Troops Are Called Out
to Restore Order.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BELFAST, June 6.— During the cele
bration of the annivarsary of June 6,
1886, when seven civilians were shot on
Shank Hill Road by the constabulary,
the Nationalist procession, while re
turning this evening from Hannans
town, was broken up in a riot. Several
thousand Orangemen in the Shank
Hill Road attacked and overpowered
the police and chased them back into
the broad square barracks. Several
mounted constables were severely in
jured and one had his leg broken. The
police reinforcements which arrived
were compelled to threaten the crowd
with their revolvers before they were
able to rescue their comrades from the
fury of the mob, which took up the
street for missiles. The troops were
then called out, but the mob cheered
them and sang "Rule Britannia."
The disturbances then ceased, though
the excitement continued. The feeling
of the Orangemen against the police is
very bitter. Many civilians were in
jured. A score of arrests were made.
MIDNIGHT.— The riots have been re
newed, and at a late hour this evening
the troops were compelled to charge
mobs numbering several thousand.
The rioters stoned the police and
tr<"ijis.
When Shank Hill was cleared the
crowds gathered In the side streets.
Altogether this was the worst rioting
that has occurred since 1886. It was
prolonged until midnight, and at this
hour the city is still in a dangerous
state of excitement.
Over fifty policemen have been in
jured, and twenty-four have been
taken to the hospitals with fractured
skulls and severe scalp wounds.
Many civilians were injured in the
charges, some daneerously. The mili
tary are now in practical occupation of
Shank Hill. It is feared that there will
be a renewal of the rioting.
NOT GIVING THE
OFFICIALS ANY CONCERN
Vessels Belonging to the Cadiz Fleet
Cannot Be in West Indian
Waters.
WASHINGTON, July 6.— That Cadiz
fleet which was reported to be doing
; strange things in the West Indies yes
! terday is not giving the naval officials
any concern. They have learned
through the State Department that the
Spanish ships were at Cadiz last Fri
day, so they could not well have been
in the West Indies two days later.
GIBRALTAR, June 6.— lt is reported
( here to-day that the Spanish fleet cora
] manded by Admiral Camara has re
' turned to Cadiz, after completing the
I series of maneuvers which formed the
; programme of the cruise.
Laborer Fatally Injured.
SANTA ROSA, June 6.— While D. Mc-
Dougall, employed at the city pumping
station, was making some repairs to the
city water works plant last night, a heavy
plank fell from the top of the building,
crushing his skull. He Is not expected to
survive the night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
30/ ; '
/O
Government
Loan.
Subscription Books
Are Now Open
'. , AT THE , .
First National Bank
HW. Tor. Bush and Sansome Sts.
Der)otT)inattor)s of Bonds,
$25, $50, $100, $500 cod $1000
JUNE 4, 1898. Xi
THE BANNER LINE
FROM
£W- DAWSOM CITTf m : ■
"FORT SELKIRK d,rect.
FIRST SAILING DATE JUNE 14. £
Also About duly 28.
THE POPULAR STEAMER
' ."CLIBVEL.AND."
(Capacity 15uO tons. Accommodations for 350
Passengers.)
This steamer has been elegantly fitted up
for passenger service equal to any steamer or.
this coast. Guaranteed speed 14 knots. Con-
necting at St. Michael with the powerful
floating palace of the Yukon. * .
STEAMER MARY ELLEN CALVIN.
Length 200 feet, beam 40 feet, draft IS Inches;
with accommodations for 435 passengers.
"QUEEN OF THE WEST," •RAMPART
CITY," " BELLE ISLAND."
These steamers are the most powerful boats
that have been built for the Yukon. Electric .
lighted throughout: with a 10.000-candle power
j searchlight: fitted with , all modern improve-
' ments. Table on all steamers unsurpassed.
Sailing dates, of our other steamers later on.
For tickets, freight and full information call .
on or address.
NORTH BRITISH-AMERICAN CO., LTD.,
305 Market St. Tel. Clay 202.
Or J. G. McCALL, Gen. Pass, and Freight Agt.
46 Market st.. San Francisco (one block from,
ferry). Tel. Drumm 8.
PRESS CLUB,
1:23 Ellis Street.
RED CROSS BENEFIT,
EXHIBITION AND SALE OF SKETCHES
BY LOCAL ARTISTS AND ART
STUDENTS.
SATURDAY, JUNE 11. j ' '?
From 2 to B and 8 to 11 p. m.
_ _ .{
DIRECT
. . TO . .
DAWSON CITY.
All water route, no change;, new.
steamer, built for leading business men
of this city and Alameda; cheap rate;
best fare; no second-class, all new fur-
nishings and best caterers. , Tickets on
Balel at 54 Steuart street, and 25 Market
street. Call for particulars.
FOR
.■EL \ FINE TAILORING
£mmi. PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WmWm* WORKMANSHIP, at
WkPPv 25 per cent Less than Other
llllrl Tailors Charge, Goto
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 P er ccn - l- ess t han Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
7 fill All Wool Suits to* in l 0 <T Q C
I M a • Order from 4>l L $03
/. I 1 Pants from ....$4 to $ 1 0
jI?V/"^*^^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St., .
844 and 846 Market St.,
1110 and 1 112 Market St. San Francisco.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
«Ac to, teQi,titrtctiiifn«ssJl«f
<Fj3rm?% «v -
<* ' Optn «»«nln«» and U»v4*T*
ia^^%VAN VROOWI
* >-*^#WkV <* Electro Dental Parlors -■ '
*^~ Alii jJv^O" SIXTH AND MARKET
• - *\» ¥ ; > XS.-W.KLEISSR,t).O.e.
§y»»i* DR. JORDAN'S <*™«
f*3L Museum of Anatomy
jBKgl IC6I IUSXST ST. let 6tl> * 7th, 3. F. W.
& ' B The L*r ( e>t of its kind hi World.
l&l&i DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1 VrWW \ CoDiult»;lon tne. Writ* for H«l
W J f Philosophy of Marriage.
h a H*ltEP FHIt. '
000000000000000000
l rH * PALACE '-I
IGRAND H °7?JJ*Z
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
*f.' TpTirected oy a covered passiMw^T. " ::
O 1400 Room* 900 With Bath Attached °
O: -~u. Ukdbb onb Manag*^**'" l ' O
O ' NOTE THE PRICES: ■ . - . O
O European Plan.«l. 00 per 0»y and upward a
American Plan . S3. 00 per day and upward ** ■
C Correspondence Solicited. . O
O JOHN C. XiaKPATBICK, Muxtpr. Q
0000 00 0000 00 0000 oo
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
A£Z.K?rvous 1/Uc a sen— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotancy. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abas* or other Excesses and India*
cretions, 'J.?iey quickly and ; dirtily
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit a man for study, bosicassor marriage.
> Prevent Insanity and Consumption It
me. Thoir 0.00 shews immediate improve-
aaent and effects n CURE vrhere all other fail In-
•Ut upor. having the gciiair.o Ajaz Tablets. They
have cared thousands and will cere yon. Wo (jive a pos-
itive written gnnrantoo to effect a cure CAfkTQ in
eoohcasoor rtfuad tho money. Price v«l W I wiper
packacoi or sis pkrtes (full treatment) for 52.50. By
moil, in plain vrrappcr. nj>on receipt of price. Circular E
frea. AJAX IJRMCr»V CO '^r*, I■t1 ■ t^ t "
For sale in San Francisco by Lelpnltz ft Cot.
138 Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 819 Mkt.
ARCHITECT «I. E. WOLFE,
81 FLOOD BUILDING, pledges results 'en-
tirely satisfactory to every fair-minded owner
as to coat, quality and otherwise in the erection
of BRICK or FRAME buildings of every char-
acter. SPECIALTIES IN FLATS, containing
all modern comforts 4 and niceties, to Insure
quick renting and retain good ■ tenants. . " .TROOPS TO
EMBARK FOR
PORTO RICO
An Inspection of Facilities
at Jacksonville and
Miami, Fla.
Some Trying Problems for Gen
eral Merritt to Regulate in
the Philippines.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 6.
There are strong indications that the
War Department is arranging to em
bark the Porto Rico expedition within
a very few days. It has been the un
derstanding that the troops to be sent
to Pan Juan would leave from Jackson
ville in preference to Tampa, or any
other gulf port, owing to the shortening
of the stean.lng distance thus effected.
It was learned to-day that Secretary
Alger on Saturday dispatched his mili
tary aid. Major George H. Hopkins, on
a secret mission, the object of which is
now known to be to inspect the ship
ping facilities of Jacksonville and
Miami. Fla., with a view to determin
ing which place promises to make the
best base for operations against Porto
Rico. Major Hopkins is under orders
to complete the inspection at the earli
est possible date and to report in full
by telegraph. It is thought his recom
mendation may be received by the de
partment within forty-eight hours. In
the meantime the troops at Tampa
have been ordered to "prepare to go on
board transports," an order which is
interpreted here tf> mean that the War
Department wants to have them In
readiness to move at the earliest mo
ment, but with a view to their trans
portation across the State either to
Jacksonville or Miami.
The advance guard of the expedition
to Santiago is believed to be at least
half way to the Windward Passage.
Indeed, a special from Kingston, Ja
maica, reports thnt 5000 United States
troops have landed near Punta Cabre
ra, to the west of Santiago. The War
Department denies the accurary of this
report and also of the statement con
tained in a special from Cape Haytien,
TO PROTECT
THIS COAST
Provision Made by the
Naval Officials.
RUSH ORDERS TO KIRKLAND
WORK ON THE YORKTOWN TO
BE HURRIED.
Flans to Guard Against Attack by
Auxiliary Cruisers Fitted
Out by the
Spanish.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 6.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Orders were
telegraphed to Rear Admiral Kirkland,
commanding the Mare Island Navy
Yard, this afternoon, directing him to
expedite with all dispatch the work of
preparing the gunboat Yorktown for
service. This action is due to a desire
of the authorities to place upon the
Pacific Coast n force which will be able
to defend it against possible attack by
one of the auxiliary cruisers which
Spain is fitting out for service. While
the authorities have no Information
showing it to be the intention of the
Madrid Government to send either the
Columbia or the Normannia into the
Pacific, these vessels have been con
verted into rather formidable auxiliary
cruisers.
The cruiser Philadelphia will be com
missioned on July 1, and It is proposed
to have the Yorktown ready for ser
vice within a couple of months. At
present Rear Admiral Millar's flag flies
from the masthead of the Fish Com
mission vessel Albatross, and besides
this vessel he has under his command
five revenue cutters and three tugs.
The department daily expects to hear
of the successful test of the torpedo
boat Rowan, being constructed at Port
land, Or., and she will be added to his
fleet. The torpedo boat Davis has been
launched at Portland, Or. She is 90 per
cent completed, and it is expected that
within the next month she will have
undergone her official trial and be plac
ed In commission. With these vessels
it 1b believod in department circles the
cities of the Pacific Coast would be
adequately protected, notwithstanding
the dispatching of the monitors Mon
terey and Monadnock and the cruiser
Charleston for Manila, and the Mohi
can for Honolulu, and the prospective
dispatching of the gunboat Bennlngton
from Honolulu to Manila.
SANTIAGO BOMBARDED
ON SATURDAY NIGHT
. MADRID, June 6.— A dispatch to the
Imparcial from Santiago de Cuba says
that at 10 o'clock on Saturday evening
twenty American warships opened a
hot attack on Santiago de Cuba, 'but
that they were so distant that their
shots did not reach the forts. .
The dispatch adds that, seeing the fu
tility of the ■ enemy's cannonade the
Spaniards made no reply to the fire,
awaiting the nearer approach of the
ships, but the attacking fleet continued
to remain in , Its distant position. .. .
The dispatch * further says the bom
bardment lasted forty minutes and
was not resumed. '," On Sunday, it :con
tinues, sixteen American warships were
still- moored at the same plaoo, in sight
of. Santiago de Cuba. ' J
which says that at daylight this morn-
Ing, under cover of Admiral Sampson's
guns, a force of United States troops
were landed at Aguadores, a short dis
tance east of Santiago harbor. These
reports, it is surmised, may be prema
ture and based upon nothing more sub
stantial than an imperfect knowledge
of the Government's plans, but the*v is
little doubt the incidents thus fore
shadowed will be fully realized within
a few days.
A statement was made in an authori
tative quarter to-day that troops for
the land siege of Santiago would arrive
in the vicinity of that port within the
next three days. If this is correct the
transports must be already on the way.
There is some talk at the War De
partment of sending additional troops
to San Francisco for the Philippine ex
pedition. The understanding is that
the Sixth Illinois. Sixth Massachusetts
and the Eighth Ohio, now at Camp Al
ger, will be ordered to the Pacific Coast
for duty at Manila. The regiments re
lieved by them will be sent to the re
serve camp near San Francisco for
equipment and drill, and will be held as
a reserve force.
General Merritt will have some Inter
esting work to do as soon as he reaches
Manila In the way of revising the sys
tem of taxation there. Spain has been
receiving half a million dollars a year
from the Philippine Islands by renting
out the privilege to s» 11 opium. That
privilege will be immediately abolished,
but opium will pay a heavy duty. Per
mission to carry on cock fighting,
which is one of the principal amuse
ments of the natives, has been rented
by Spain to a company which paid
$149,039 annually for the privilege. The
Spanish Government's pro-fit on lotter
ies in the island aggregated over half
a million dollars annually. The tax on
onok fighting and profits from lotteries
and raffles will be immediately abol
ished.
E UROPE GAZES
IN WONDER
Marvels at America's!
Show of Strength.
FORTY DAYS OF MIRACLES
ARMY AND NAVY ORGANIZED
AND IN SERVICE.
General Collis, Back From the Old
World's Armed Camps,
Amazed at Our Fight
ing Force.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 6.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: General
Charles H. T. Collis of New York, who
commanded a brigade in the Army of
the Potomac, is In this city. He recent
ly returned from a four months' tour
of Europe, durln" which he had un
usual facilities for acquainting himself
with the Continental armies. During
the course of a talk with him this even
ing he said:
"Since my return from Europe two
weeks ago I have been In Washington
most of the time. While abroad I was
in Spain and saw the recruiting for the
Cuban army; in Egypt I saw British
troops moving to join General Kitch
ener up the Nile; In Turkey I saw the
army which defeated the Greeks; at
Vienna I was present at the Emperor's
review of 20,000 picked soldiers; in Ber
lin I had frequent opportunities to see
the Emperor, his staff and his wonder-
ful military establishment, and on the
island of Crete I had an opportunity to
compare them all, so that I came home
greatly impressed with the muscular
power of the military arm of the Euro
pean nations. Notwithstanding all this
experience, I am simply amazed with
what has been done in forty days by
our Government in launching a navy
and organizing an army, which the rest
of the world believed existed only in
braggadocio, but which it now gazes
upon in wonder.
"The 'grand strategy' to use a tech
nical term, whloh has been developed
in Washington by the Navy Depart
ment is setting all the foreign navy
schools to thinking. They no longer un
derstand our policy. They can little
comprehend why we do not pounce
upon Havana, reduce it, nor why we
have not intercepted the Spanish fleet
and destroyed it. It would give me In
finite satisfaction at this moment to
ask them what they think of the trap
ping of Cervera at Santiago by a party
of eight Yankees."
MADRID PRESS ROMANCE
REGARDING CERVERA
El Heraldo Says the Cape Verde Fleet
Is ; Now En Boute to the
Philippines.
NEW YORK,' June 6.— A dispatch
from Madrid says: The Heraldo prints
a story that part of ' the > Cape Verde
fleet has gone >to the. Philippines. It
announces that the Cristobal Colon, a;
torpedo-boat destroyer and three auxil
iary cruisers/painted and rigged in im
itation of < *: the Almirante , Oquendo,
Reina Maria r Teresa and .Vlzcaya, are
at Santiago, ,; while these a vessels " have
really reached Madagascar, having , had
Instruction* to proceed . via Cape 'of
,Good Hqjq»- J
THE &AN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1898.
NON-CONCUR
IN AMENDMENTS
House Sends Revenue
Bill to Conference.
THE VOTE ON PARTY LINES.
DALZELL SAYS THE DEMAND IS
A MILLION A DAY.
Bailey of Texaß, However, Argues
There Is No Hurry, Claiming
There Is Now Plenty of
Money on Hand.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs Aiouse,
Washington, June 6.
The House on a rising vote decided to
non-concur and send the war revenue
bill to conference— l 37 to 106. The House
conferees on the bill are Dingley of
Maine, Payne of New York and Bailey
of Texas.
The conferees met In the room of the
Senate Committee on Finance at 3 j
o'clock. The Senate conferees express |
confidence that the conference will be
concluded before the end of the week.
When the House met, upon motion of
Lacey (R.) of lowa, the consideration of
the bill providing for the exercise of suf
frage by volunteer soldiers and sailors in
the Congressional elections was made a
special order for to-morrow.
Consideration of a patent measure was
interrupted at 12:0S o'clock by the receipt
of the revenue bill from the Senate, and
Dalzell (R.J of Pennsylvania, from the
committee on rules, presented a resolu-
U<m introduced by Dingley, providing for
an immediate vote upon general non-con
currence and sending the bill to confer
ence.
The previous question was ordered on
the resolution, and Dalzell. speaking in
support, said it was intended to expedite
the enactment of the emergency revenue
measure for the earliest possible relief of
the treasury, upon which there was a
daily demand of $1,000,000. Replying to a
question from Hartlett. he said the adop
tion of the resolution would prevent any
separate votes upon the Senate amend
ments. He said it would be in the pro
vince of the House to reject finally the
conference report, but that he could give
no assurance that an ooportunity would
be ever griven to vote on particular
amendments.
Hailey tD.) of Texas, addressing him
self to' the Democratic position, said the
pending measure was not political in the
sense of an ordinary tariff measure, and
that no one party was necessarily respon
sible for it. Likewise, voting upon sepa
rate amendments in a general tariff
measure might result in destroying the
equity of an entire schedule, but such ob
jection could not be urged in the ponding
measure. He took issue with Dnlzcll in
claiming that the treasury's condition
presented a dire necessity for the immedi
ate passage of the measure, and in this
connection reviewed the recent treasury
statement, insisting that a total of $190.
oo>V"O was available, including the gold
reserve of SWO.ono.oon, and at hand for the
ordinary expenditures of the Government.
Dlnglev concluded In support of the res
olution by saying it was identical with
the one adopted when the tariff bill of
IW7 came hack from the Senate, and
practically identical with that adopted
by the Democrats in 1894.
The vote was then taken upon the reso
lution. Bailey demanded the ayes and
noes, the rollcall resulting as follows:
Ayes, 187; noes. 106.
The vote was strictly partisan. The
House then voted to non-concur and
agree to the conference, and the Speaker
named Dtngley of Maine. Payne (R.) of
New Yofk and Bailey (D.) of Texas as
conferees.
A bill of 231 pages providing a code of
criminal law and procedure for Alaska
was railed up. but its reading was inter
rupted by a motion to adjourn, made by
Sherman (R.) of N>w York, which pre
vailed, and at 3:34 o'clock the House ad-
I journed.
ORGANIZING FOR
THE CAMPAIGN
POLITICAL CLUBS MEET AND
ELECT OFFICERS.
Martin Kelly Denounced by the
County Committee of the Citi
zens' Republican Party.
The County Committee of the Citizens'
Republican party met in the Parrott
bulitling last night. The committee was
organized by the election of Charles H.
Forbes as chairman, T. B. O'Brien sec
retary, George W. Beyreuther treasurer
and T. B. Conlon sergeant-at-arms.
Charles H. Forbes, T. B. O'Brien and A.
G. Knight were appointed a committee
on an address to the public, and D. J.
O'Brien, Bart Wren and J. J. Nicholson
on permanent headquarters. Thomas B.
O'Brien was elected to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of the late Senator
J. 11. Mahoney.
The following resolution, Introduced by
Hon. T. B. O'Brien, was unanimously
passed by a rising vote:
Whereas, One Martin Kelly, a so-called Re
publican boss. ha« perfidiously betrayed the
Blalne of the Pacific Coast, Hon. M. M. Estee,
and such action calls for a retributive Justice;
HefioUeJ, That we consider :t the duty of all
loyal Republicans to renounce all political as
sociation with him in future Republican coun
cils.
Resolutions were also passed declaring
that Jacob Levi Jr., George Keofo, John
A. Hoey. J. F. Sullivan, W. Wilkinson,
J. C. Stephenson, A. Ruef and C. L.au
meister having by their actions forfeited
membership in the party, their places be
declared vacant, and J. S. Parry, D. J.
O'Brien, B. Conian, John Gardner, A. G.
Knight, J. J. McCarthy, Bart Wren and
Sam Brunswick be elected to fill the
vacaneieß.
The Democrats of the Fortieth Assem
bly District held a meeting last night at
Franklin Hall and organized for the
campaign by electing the following
named officers:
Robert Halght, president; H. Doecher, vlc«
president; Matthew Brady, recording secre
tary; George Harvey, corresponding secretary;
Daniel Sol Tor, treasurer; J. Porter, sergeant
at-armi; executive committee, John Bennett,
Samuel Bofener. Jacob Gosllner, J. E. Robin
aon Charles Rehn, T. Horn. M. Welsh, F.
Torinay, E. Godohaux. E. Murphy, H. White,
J H Kelly, E. Kenney, T. Brady, George W.
Andrew*, F. Cummlngs, J. W. Russell, K. Kel
ly, John Klrvan and Joe Farrell.
The Twenty-ninth Assembly District
Democratic Club organized at Metro
politan Hall last night, and 147 signatures
were obtained. The following officers
were elected:
Hnn. John D. Coughlln, chairman: James J.
Malier vice chairman; Maurice Kerwin. re
cording- secretary; Thoma* Muller, correspond
ing secretary: Timothy Reagan, treasurer;
executive committee, Thomas F. Eagan,
Thomas Brady, Charles Klesel, Charles Kelr
nan William Qillen, James W. Kelly. Henry
Stein, James Flnnerty, P. C. Kortley, Harry
Frances, James Bagley, Andrew Flannery. Ed
Murphy William Olson, John CVRellly, Joseph
S Martin. Thomas Glbney, Patrick Shanley.
: The German Democratic Central Club,
' at its regular meeting last night, adopted
unanimously a resolution fully endorsing
the ■ action of the I State . central committee
in : appointing the new county committee
of 100 leading citizens. It was further . re
solved that a life " membership be con
ferred :on * all : its I members : joining i- the
United States army or navy during the
present ' war. ;.v «> • : • '^^BWSMfliHßgimftnßPi
. The ; Thirty-first Assembly District
Democratic Club elected the I following of
ficers last ■■' night: ■ Charles ;; Gallagher;
president: Major Bnright,- vice-president;
T. J O'Connor, secretary ;-D.tJ.- Sullivan;
treasurer; ; P. T. » Kelly, sergeant-at-arma.
The actions -of I the s county.: committee sof
100 were endorsed, also the official acts of
Mayor Phelan. ,'^ < M^9S!ffllllM?iWmßl
■ y '■' __ r" " ■ m «.' , ■ . . ■; ;
Mexico ' ; ha* an "•' •" area Vof . 751,000 /square
miles, or nearly •; one-fourth that of the
JJniUdflUU* ;> ■;. ,".S :•■.,;■;':. .' .■; . :
■ :. ;; : ■■- • "■ - ".. -' ; :\ ■ . ". ■' '■ ■ - '. . :
"BRAVEST
ACT EVER
HEARD OF"
Captain Miller Gives the
Details of tJ)e Sinking
of tl)e Merrimac.
Promotion and HoQors in Store
for trje Daring Heroes of
Santiago Harbor.
KEY WEST, June 6.— Captain Miller
of the collier Merrimac arrived here to
day. He said:
"Lieutenant Hobson's act was the
bravest I ever saw or heard of. Every
officer and man in the fleet would have
volunteered to go, but Hobson, being a
naval constructor, was the man for the
place. The details were arranged, and
the crew was on board Thursday morn
ing and the vessel had started, but day
commenced to break and the Admiral
signaled for her return. Hobson begged
to be permitted to proceed, saying he
would be successful. However, the ad
miral insisted on his return. The men
were given a good sleep and early the
next morning the Merrimac started
again. She had been thoroughly
stripped of valuable articles, even the
clock and bell being taken out.
"Along one side the torpedo belt had
been arranged about ten feet below the
water line, six torpedoes being placed
so as to break open the compartments.
These torpedoes had electrical connec
tion with a battery on the bridge, and
wero to be discharged by pressing a
button.
"It was arranged that the Merrimac
was to be swung across the channel till
one end grounded. The men that let go
the starboard anchor were to let the
life raft fall and then jump overboard.
Last of all, the man that pressed
the key would plunge into the water.
The man at the key was undoubtedly
Hobson. He would be unlikely to as
sign another man to the most danger
ous post. Besides he is the best swim
mer in the navy.
"The plan was carried out perfectly.
The only thing we had not counted on
j was the Spaniards keeping such a
j sharp watch. Undoubtedly they knew
something was afoot. They permitted
the Merrimac to pass between the
I Morro and Estrella forts without no
| tifying her. When she was in range
of the other forts every gun in the har
• bor was opened on her. We could not
I count shots, the firing was so furious.
' The forts must have fired a thousand
, times.
"I was on the New York, watching,
and the hearts of all of us faltered, for
It seemed as if no ship could live in
that hell of fire, and that no one on
board could escape. The Merrimac an
chored. The men jumped overboard,
and the forts then subsided, refusing
to fire at the men struggling in the
■water. The men reached the raft,
where they were captured and taken to
Morro fort.
"When Admiral Cervera's chief of
staff came on board the New York
several officers asked to be allowed to
exchange places with Hobson, but this
was not permissible. Cervera's officer
could not find strong enough words to
express his admiration for the bravery
of the Americans. His courtesy and
the action of the forts in sparing the
men struggling in the water changed
our opinion of the Spaniards/ and made
us think the stories of their honor and
chivalry not so far wrong.
"After daylight we could see the
masts and funnel of the Merrimac
sticking out of the water. She was
sunk exactly where we wanted her.
We saw in the harbor three cruis
ers—the Cristobal Colon and Infanta
Maria Teresa being, among them— but I
don't know whether the other cruisers
or the torpedo-destroyers are there.
The black thing that some of our of
ficers thought they saw coming after
them has not been " identified yet, and
we are not sure that any of the de
stroyers are at Santiago. .
"The Insurgents sent us. word that
the men and guns from the cruisers
had been sent ashore, and ; it looks as
though the vessels would not try \to
get out and the Spanish officers had no
hope of escape or victory, but were de
termined to make a brave, stubborn
fight to maintain Spain's honor. The
story printed in New York that! Lieu
tenant .Hobson. and Rear Admiral
Sampson quarreled just before the
Merrimac went in is an entire false-
h WITH THE FLEET. OFF SAN
TIAGO, June 3 (via Kingston/Jamaica,
June 5. delayed in ; transmission).-— All
the members of the '= Merrimac expedi
tion are ' safe. Two are slightly
wounded, but Lieutenant Hobson es
caped without a scratch. This almost
incredibly ' good news was - brought out
this afternoon to Rear Admiral ; Samp
son by Admiral Cervera's chief of staff,
under a flag of truce.
"Admiral Cervera," said the officer,
is -so touched by the -• bravery of your
men .* that he felt it only right you
should know they, are ? alive. They are
prisoners of war and are being well
treated."
Tremendous enthusiasm reigns over
the complete success of the expedition.
During the day the Merrimac was
plainly seen lying' athwart the chan
nel. She could hardly have been placed
better had she been sunk in the day
time and with no > accompaniment "; of
fire. It was an anxious day on all the
ships. By noon officers and men feared
the Merrimac's heroes had ' died in , their
noble work, , but ; at 52 : o'clock this after
noon a : little ! black tug flying a white
flag, was seen coming out from the saf
! fron hills hof the J harbor. \" Slowly '■ she
moved toward the New York, the flag
chip. Assistant -Chief of Staff- Staun
; ton boarded the Vixen, flying a flag of
: truce, and met the Spanish f tug, which
proved to be .the Colon, half way. - : Cap
tain ■ Oviedo L signified : : his : desire ; to see
Admiral Sampson personally, and he
was taken on board the ; flagship. The
enthusiasm ; as the news spread from
signals from the Vixen was \so ; intense
that the appearance; of the Spanish
• captain over. the: side of the New York
hardly .; excited the ; surprise i that ; might
have been 1 expected. ,;\ v '
: Admiral ' Sampson greeted : Captain
Oviedo most ! : cordially, thanked Admi
ral '-■ Cervera for his v gallant \ courtesy
and made the ? preliminary J: arrange
ments ■ for the : exchange of \ Lieutenant
Hobson and felo. mokux hagnaa. Am • tJiay.
[ have naturally learned much about the
j fortifications, it is hardly likely that
■ they will be exchanged for some time.
i After a friendly chat in the cabin, Ad
i miral Sampson sat on deck with Cap
j tain Oviedo and pointed out his great
I ships with pride. Stores and clothh.g
for the Menlmac heroes were put
| aboard the Colon, and Captain Ovieuo
i went back in his little black tug under
i the flag of truce, never used, perhaps,
j for a more chivalrous purpose.
The names of the two wounded men
i w-ere not ascertained. One has a slight
| wound in the cheek and the other in
j the hip. After blowing up the Merri
) mac Lieutenant Hobson and his party
| swam ashore and were captured.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT DAUNT
LESS, off Santiago de Cuba, June 5
(via Kingston, Jamaica, June 6).—Ad
miral Sampson is determined not to al
low the Spanish to remove the Merri
i mac from the spot where she lies. On
! Saturday it was reported that they
were working at the hull, and the
American fleet formed in line of battle.
\ with orders to bombard. It turned out
■ that the Spaniards were not so engag-
I ed and the fleet withdrew. Admiral
[ Sampson has given specific orders that
j El Morro, where the Merrimac's crew
are imprisoned, be spared in the firing.
Admiral Cervera's polite assurances
i were accompanied by the statement
: that Lieutenant Hobson and his men
were confined there. This placing of
the prisoners in direct line of fire is de
nounced by the American officers as a
thirteenth century defense, an act of
i incarnate cruelty.
General Castillo, commanding the
Cuban forces in the west and north of
the province of Santiago, has been con
centrating 4000 Cubans In the vicinity
of the city.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Before the combined
military and naval attack is made upon
Santiago de Cuba and Admiral Cer
vera's fleet Naval Constructor Hobson
and the men who so gallantly aided
him in sinking the Merrimac will be
free. This is the confident prediction of
officials as the result of a cablegram re
ceived from Rear Admiral Sampson to
day. Concerning its contents. Acting
Secretary Allen authorized this state
ment: "Admiral Sampson is engaged in
arranging with Admiral Cervera for
an exchange of Naval Constructor Hob
son and the men with him, now pris
oners at Santiago, for some officers and
men held prisoners by the United States
at Fort McPherson."
It is understood by naval officers that
Rear Admiral Sampson sent a flag of
truce, probably by Lieutenant S. A.
Staunton. his flag lieutenant, to Ad
miral Cervera, and that Lieutenant
Staunton, conducting the negotiations,
expected that Admiral Cervera will
communicate with Captain-General
Blanco so the Spaniards may be deliv
ered to the captain-general at Havana.
Immediately upon receipt of the news
from Havana, Admiral Cervera will
give Hobson and his companions safe
conduct outside Santiago harbor.
No action has yet been taken looking
to the promotion of Hobson, and it is
doubtful if the President will do any
thing until Hobson has expressed his
■wishes.
Charett, who is a flrst-class gunner's
mate, will in all probability be ap
pointed a gunner. If recommended by
Hobson, and the recommendation be
approved by Rear Admiral Sampson, it
will undoubtedly give a warrant rank
to each of the men, besides $100 and a
medal of honor, as now provided by
law.
"WASHINGTON:. June 6.—Represent
ative Hartman of Montana has intro
duced a joint resolution directing the
Secretary of the Navy to have pre
pared and delivered suitable medals of
honor to Lieutenant Hobson and each
member of his crew for gallant, heroic
and patriotic services rendered to the
United States at Santiago harbor in
June 3, 1898. It appropriates $500 for
the purpose.
The promotion In store for Lieuten
ant Hobson, the hero of Santiago, is
under consideration by the Navy De
partment. Acting Secretary Allen and
Commodore Hichborn, chief of the Bu
real of Naval Construction, talked it
over in a general way to-day, but no
conclusions were reached. The depart
ment is desirous of knowing what
would be most acceptable to Hobson
himself, and when this is learned a re
commendation will be made to Con
gress which that body will doubtless
carry into effect without delay.
The present indications are that Hob
son will be tnken out of the staff and
be made a line officer, as that insures
not only an increase of pay, but an
opportunity to rise to the more con
spicuous line position of admiral. At
present Hobson is an assistant con
structor, with the relative rank of lieu
tenant, junior grade. It develops, how
ever, that within the next four weeks
he would have secured a promotion to
the rank of constructor, relative rank,
full lieutenant, in the usual course - f
advancement. As this rank is already
earned by length of service, it would
hardly be an honor for Congress to
confer it upon him. About the only
expedient is to give him a promotion
In the line, probably as lieutenant-com
mander, or commander, where his pay
would be greater than it would be In
the staff service, and the chances for
future advancement would be ample.
There is some doubt, however, whether
an officer who has shown such genius
in the scientific branch of the naval
service would care to leave it for the
line. Congratulations will be sent to
Hobson as soon as there is an oppor
tunity to with him, but
while he is a prisoner at Santiago it is
obviously impossible for the naval au
thorities to do more than convey their
congratulations and thanks to Admiral
Sampson.
Public Clocks.
, Few , irreat cities of America are adequately
provided with public clocks of i such a'slie and
so ,; prominent . .location ; as to Indicate the time
over wide metropolitan ■■ districts. But -' ■It
Is high time to a check ?. kidney - and ■.; bladder
complaint '■ manifested .to . the • sufferer by s- In
activity 'of " the , organs .; affected. =; :-• Hoatetter's
Stomach Bitters : remedies i this ' as ' It * does ! dys
pepsia, rheumatism;- constipation- biliousness
and JMCVAUMIMa.
: , • ADVEBTISEJLSNTB.
c
Without a Parallel,
And still this great sale goes on.
Never has a clothing sale in this city f
met with such unqualified success. .
The success of this sale is not the child
of chance, but the ripened fruit of ,
everlasting lowering of prices. Our
prices have always been at theilow-
est notch, but during this great issue -
we have pulled the throttle clear out
to the last notch, and the low-priced j
train will run through to the last sta- '
tion until we have clothed the entire
community in one of our garments, 1
which no other store can duplicate,
for less than $15.00.
T 7 ■ t\
From the original 1200 Suits which we first placed
on sale we have now about 400 left. First come, first
served. After this sale is over they, go back to their
original price of $12.30. To describe the suits in as few-
words as possible we merely add that they are cut in
Single and Double Breast Sacks, latest weaves and |
colors.
■ ; ■ ■ — :—;: — ; — : 4
Trousers.
An Immense line of all-wool Pants sold during
this sale for $1.65, $1.85, $2.00 and $2.50. Greatly
reduced from former price : in fact worth double. |
__ — _— — —— . ■ ; : -4
Overcoats.
We have a tremendous stock of stylish Top
Coats and Overcoats in Coverts; Kerseys, Beavers, j
Cheviots and Worsteds, sold during this sale for
$7.50, $10.00, $12.50 and $15.00. Greatly reduced
from lormer selling price.
Bairandßat
FREE with each pur-
chase. We have taken a .S^£*~s^
lot of the prettiest kind of W^TdL
Sailor Suits, Reefer Suits Q&^^J
and Middies in "the latest . /WdT^-*^
shades,' richly braided and ' " ,^
elegantly trimmed, and re- __^f^^^»t^^^
duced them from their for- ' >>^% 1/f . y\
mer price of $8.00 to $3.50. v ■■ I- of \° i \
The Reefer Suits have that ~ \— «= *^ °f ts#»L^
deep sailor collar, prettily • - "^Y^ ) S^"
braided and designed in sea- 1^ 1/ I
soriable and fashionable I // |
colors, ages 8 tolO years. / I I
The little Middy Suits have / / ' (\
a vest handsomely braided — ';/ I ; V\
likewise the collar. [ 4 n.^^ ,
Goods cheerfully ex-
changed or money refunded.
We carry a complete line of Gents' Furnishing
Goods, Hats and Grips.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street-
34
NO ANNEXATION
AT THIS SESSION
WASHINGTON, June 6.— The Senators who are op
posing the annexation of Hawaii have been canvassing the
Senate, and claim that they have a sufficient number of Sen
ators pledged to adjourn in preference to taking up the an
nexation resolution. They say that the names of seven Re
publican Senators are included in the list who have thus
pledged themselves.
EDITOR RUSH'S
ITCHING PALM
Trouble in Store for a
Blackmailer.
LIKELY TO TENANT A CELL
DECLARED HE COULD "FIX"
THREE DAILIES.
Extorted Money From the San Rafael
Man Who Pulled the Tonfju*
From Mis Horse' 3
Mouth.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 6.— William
Tanning, the wretch who pulled the
tongue out of his horse with a bale rope
and was sentenced to pay a fine of $250
and go to jail for 120 days, is execrated
by every man, woman and child in this
community, all admitting the justice of
the sentence. But with the guilty oft
times the innocent are made to suffer.
The grief of Vanning's heart-broken
Wife instances this.
To J. H. Rush, editor of a two-by
four sheet entitled the "San Rafael
Daily Sun," is attached the odium of
increasing this poor woman's sorrow in
order that his own itching palm might
be lined with filthy lucre. Rush has
drawn down upon himself the anger
and detestation of the public by fora
ins; Vanning and his wife to part witTi
some of their hard-earned coin, which
the extortioner claimed was to be used
as "hush money," and by his methods
called in question the honesty and in
tegrity of the management of the three
San Francisco morning dailies, es
pecially The Call and the Chronicle.
Now the blackmailer, according to At
torney James W. Cochrane, will be
prosecuted for his offense to the full
extent of the law.
It was on last Thursday that Van
ning committed his revolting crime.
That evening Rush met the Marin
County correspondent of The Call and
an employe of his own paper named
McNeill, on the corner of Fourth and
15 streets and asked them to accompany
him on a walk as he "had something
up his sleeve." Thinking he meant a
Btory the two set out with him. As the
party walked up Fourth street Rush
explained that unbeknown to most peo
ple he had unlimited influence with the
managing editors of the three San
Francisco morning dailies and added:
"I have a scheme by which we all
can make plenty of money. Now you,"
addressing McNeill, "go up to a door
I will point out and ring the bell. Tell
whoever comes to the door what I tell
you and the money will be forthcom
ing."
Rush was told by both men to do his
own work, whatever it was, and on ar
riving at Fifth and C streets he left
both waiting while he went up to Van
ring's door and rang the bell. It was
answered by Mrs. Vanning. He then
went inside.
Curiosity and a feeling that mischief
wag brewing impelled the two men in
waiting to walk close enough to hear
the conversation that followed.
Rush said to both Vanning and his
wife that in a moment of passion an
awful offense had been committed. The
papers would "roast" him and he could
never hope to make a living anywhere
afurward. He himself was poor, he
said, and badly in need of money. He
alleged that representatives of The Call
and Chronicle were in waiting outside
and said:
"These men are well paid for their
work, but if you care to pay them what
their papers would I have influence
enough to get them to modify their
stories in your favor. In addition I
have great influence with the managing
editors of the three papers and can do
a good deal myself."
"Where is the Examiner man?" asked
Mrs. Vanning between sobs.
"Oh, we can swing him into line all
right," replied Rush.
"Do you think $15 will be enough?"
inquired Mrs. Vanning.
"I'll go and see," was the answer.
When Rush came out of the house
he found the two men in waiting whpre
he had left them. Sordid and treach
erous to the last, he said he had been
promised only 510 to have the story
modified. He was told he was engi
neering his own deal and the others
did not care to be mixed in it. Then
he returned and accepted the $15, giving
Vanning a receipt, which read:
"Received payment in full for pub
lishing locals in one issue of Sun."
On leaving a second time he advieed
Vanning and his wife to say nothing
about the transaction, both consenting.
He said he would use the money in In
serting notices in the three San Fran
cisco dailies that Vanning's ranch and
stock were for sale.
"If you have a horse or a young Jer
sey cow you don't need, you might give
it to me for my own use," he said on
departinr and received a promise that
he should have one or the other.
Rush then emerged from the house,
laughing- at the "shrewd" way In which
he had obtained the money. Not a
thought came to him of the stigma he
had falsely thrown on metropolitan
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
! Journalism by representing it as being
I purchasable. Rush asserted that he
I hud "protected" himself by the receipt
he had left. His offer to part with $5
to the two witnesses of his crime be
| ing spurned, he went to the telephone
; office and called up the ' legraph edi
j tors of two San Francisco dailies and
asked that his own name be omitted
from the articles dealing with Van
ning's inhuman deed. To The Call he
represented himself as a friend of its
correspondent and asked for an amel
ioration in tone of the article sent it.
Owing to a subsequent telephone mes
sage from the correspondent his re
quest passed unheeded.
Then Rush went to his office, with
| the assertion that he would change the
| story he had written. The next day
! the only mention he made of the oc
currence was to state that a man had
been arrested for pulling a horse's
tongue out, omitting Tanning's name.
Janipp W. Cochrane. Winning's at
torney, was acquainted with the facts
| and visited his client In company with
The Call correspondent. To him they
corroborated the story in its entirety.
Mrs. Winning's eyes were swollen from
weeping, and on the entrance of som«
friends she burst into tears.
"This is awful." she sobbed. "I had
nerved myself to read the papers un
til Rush came, and after he got the
money I thought It was all right, but
everything is tnld In the papers to-day.
My husband did it all in an angry pas
sion and nobody is sorrier than he. We
could 111 afford to spare that money.
This is awful."
Rush did not seek to have any ad
vertisements inserted, but spent the
money in part the night he obtained It.
Attorney Cochrane declares that not
only will he make Rush return the
money, but he will prosecute him for
blackmail. As the editor is almost un
iversally in disfavor here this will meet
with strong approbation.
The vierorous manner in which Van
ning's offense was prosecuted by City
Attorney Thomas Boyd. attorney for
the Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Animals, Is praised on all sides
ARTIST BASEEBE GETS
HIMSELF WELL THRASHED
Taught a Lesson in Gallantry by a
Passenger on a San Kafael
Train.
LARKSPUR, June 6.— Artist Baseebe,
who won unenviable notoriety in San
Francisco by hounding a little girl named
Worn, and was fined for the offense, re
ceived a severe lesson in the code of gal
lantry on an afternoon train from the
metropolis on Saturday evening— a lesson
that he is not likely to forget in a hurry-
As a result of his practical instruction
Baseebe wears a discolored optic and sev
eral facial bruises.
On the train with Baseebe were Frank
Hyams, the San Rafael fresco painter,
and his wife. The car was crowded, and
the weather intensely hot. Mrs. Hyams
was obliged to sit 'beside Baseebe, while
her husband occupied an adjoining seat
As the train neared this station, Mrs, I
Hyams grew faint from the heat. Hyams !
stepped across the car to raise the window I
and let in some fresh air. Baseebe ex- I
postulated.
"I don't want the cinders blowing in on i
my clothes," said he.
"My wife is fainting," declared Hyams,
"and the window must be opened."
As he attempted to raise it Baseebe
tried to prevent him, whereupon Hyams
emulated the most skillful exponents of
the manly art in landing a series of hooks,
swings and straight arm punches on the
artist's face. Everybody applauded the
act, and an excited crowd at once filled
the car. Baseebe managed to extricate j
himself and escape into a forward car.
The window came up, and Mrs. Hyams
Boon recovered from her faint.
WARRANT FOR DAVID MILLER.
Stockton Commission Merchant Ac-
cused of Swindling.
STOCKTON, June 6.— A warrant has
been ißsued for the arrest of David Miller,
a commission merchant of this city, on
the charge of having obtained goods un
der false pretenses. He is supposed to be
in British Columbia. Miller is accused of
having victimized a number of people here
and elsewhere, swindling them out of
large sums. Bloch, Burnham & Francis,
a San Francisco commission firm, are
said to have lost $2100.
WILL WED A NAVAL OFFICER.
Miss Ethel Smith to Become Lieu-
tenant Lansdale's Bride.
SAN RAFAEL, June 6.— Lieutenant
Philip Van Home Lansdale of the cruiser
Philadelphia, now stationed at Mara
Island, was granted a license to-day to
wed Miss Ethel Shipley Smith, a daughter
of Sidney M. Smith, the San Francisco
canning merchant.
Marin's School Election.
SAN RAFAEL, June 6.— County Super
intendent of Schools Robert Furlong is In
receipt of the returns from sixteen pre
cincts of the annual election for School
Trustees for Marin County. The newly
elected Trustees are: Novato— A. D. Scott
J. H. Rogers. Bay District— W. R Pen
per. Tlburon— J. O'Connell. Sausalito—
J. P. Baraty. Ross Landing— J. A Mur
ray. Aurora— Paul Dado. Halleck— John
McDonald. American Valley— A. Glaco
mini. San Geromino — W .J. Dickson
Corte Madera— James F. Broad. Estero-^
Joseph Grandi, Felix Conti. Marshall-
David Steel. Dixie— Peter Moran. Fair
fax-J. I Taylor, A. Brazil, A. Gagliardo.
Lincoln— E. Faure. San Pedro, San Quen
tin, Mill Valley and about twenty-five
other precincts remain to be heard from.
Superintendent Furlong, on, account of atle
vote, will have to appoint another Trus
tee on July 1 for Lincoln District.
Small Schooner Sunk.
SAUSALITO, June 6.— A small schooner
with a cargo of sixty tons of bran, con
signed to A. Mclnnes of Mill "Valley, was
6unk near Strawberry Point, In Rich
ardsons Bay, this forenoon by striking a
sunken pile. As the tide was low, the
deck did not go beneath the surface and
the crew waa not endangered. The cargo
was ruined by the water.
BURIED GOLD STOLEN.
Santa Rosa Man Accused of a Theft
at Hopland.
SANTA, ROSA, June 6.— Silas Craddoch,
an old gentleman living near Hopland,
being afraid of banks, some time ago
secreted 53200 in gold in a hole in the
ground. The money disappeared a few
days ago. This afternoon the Sheriff of
Mendocino County arrived here and ar
rested Clarence Hixon. who is suspected
of having stolen it. Hixon has been cut
ting a wide swath in this city the past
few days. The Sheriff took him to Hop
land this evening.
Lighting for Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELKS, June 6.— The City
Council to-day ordered advertisements for
bids for an electric lighting plant for the
city complete, with the exception of the
generating machinery. About 640 lights
are called for. The Los Angeles Lighting
Company owns the system used at prea
ent.
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1898.
INCENDIARISM
AT SAUSALITO
Lives of Four Children
Imperiled.
FIRE STARTED IN A STORE
FLOORS SATURATED WITH KER
OSENE.
Chance Discovery Saves the Structure
and Prevents the Incinera
tion of Sleeping;
Infants.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
SAUSALITO, Jane 6.— A cowardly ef
fort to burn the valuable property of a
prominent citizen was discovered here
yesterday — an attempt that if success
ful might have resulted in the loss of
four Jives. A. Lawrence & Co., whole
sale and retail dealers in merchandise,
were the intended losers, but the plans
of the conspirators were frustrated by
mere chance, and now the authorities
are hunting for a clew to the identity
of the malefactors.
Lawrence is ex-Treasurer of the town
; and has always taken an active interest
: in its politics. His storeis situated in the
j northern part of town and contiguous
j to it are two residences owned by him,
1 one of which he occupies. Yesterday
! evening the merchant and his wife at-
I tended a ball celebrating the expiration
|of the Portuguese Pentecost, leaving
j George Ryan, the bookkeeper, in charge
lof the store. The four children of the
' merchant were left soundly sleeping in
i the house nearest the store. A short
! time afterward Ryan went down town
: and stayed some time in the company
i of friends.
Before going home Ryan remembered
that he had left some books he wished
to take home in the store and returned
to get them with two friends. On
opening the door he was surprised to
see a light in the rear room. On in
vestigation he found a quantity of
straw had been spread in the room and
a lighted candle placed in the center
of the mass. To complete their dia
bolical plans the miscreants had taken
a dozen cans of kerosene oil from the
shelves and emptied the contents in
the room. The oil was spread on the
floor to the depth of two inches. It
was the work of an instant to extin
guish the candle, but if the bookkeeper
had arrived fifteen minutes later the
store would have burned to the ground.
The two residences adjacent must have
gone up in smoke as well, and the
sleeping children might have perished.
The utmost secrecy was Imposed on
all the witnesses to the dastardly at
tempt at arson and the proper authori
ties have been quietly endeavoring to
discover the evil doers. So far no clew
has been obtained.
AGAINST THE POLICY OF
TERRITORIAL EXPANSION
Democratic Members of the House
Are Preparing to Antago
nize Annexation.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— The Demo
cratic members of the House are pre
paring to antagonize the Hawaiian an
nexation resolution as contrary to the
proper principles of public policy and
will assume an attitude in debate which
they expect to emphasize in the coming
campaign.
It appears now that the Democratic
fight this fall will be made in opposition
to the developing of the policy of terri
torial expansion, and while a number
are rather inclined to favor Hawaiian
annexation they are not disposed to
favor such an extension of territory ua
the Republicans advocate. Representa
tive Hilborn of California, who repre
sents fairly well the Republican senti
ment in the House regarding the Philip
pines, said yesterday:
"Of Americans who go to the Philip
pines probably one-half will acquire in
terests there and a percentage will be
killed or die of disease. The question
will then present itself, 'Shall we aban
don the graves of our dead and the in
terests of the living?' I think the
American Congress and the American
people will have but one reply to this
proposition, and that will be most em
phatic." ■
PROSECUTION OF
SENOR JIMINEZ
The Santo Domingo Revolutionary
Leader Arrested for Violating
Navigation Laws.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Haytt, June 6.— The
American steamer Saginaw, of the Clyde
line, has just arrived here. She touched
at Inagua, where it was learned that
Senor Jiminez, the leader of the revolu
tionary expedition which recently landed
in Santo Domingo from Haytl, on his ar
rival there from Monte Christi, Santo
Domingo, was arrested by the British au
thorities for a violation of the navigation
laws in flying a Clyde line flag, though
the Fanlta, the vessel in which the ex
pedition sailed, had been sold by the
Clyde line company six months before.
Chris Roberts, the pilot of the expedi
tion, made a complaint on the above
ground. The American Consuralso prose
cuted Senor Jiminez, alleging that the ex
pedition was illegal, inasmuch, as the
Fanita's papers were ostensibly for ser
vice in Cuban waters.
PUERTO PLATA, Dominican Republic,
June 6.— 1 have had an interview with
President Herreux, who proceeds to
Monte Christi to-night on board a war
ship. He declares the country quiet.
President Herreux has confiscated all the
property of Jiminez.
FEW MELONS AT LODI.
Crop Will Be Small Because of the
Spring Drought.
STOCKTON, June 6.— The watermelon
crop will, no doubt, be the lightest the
Lodi section has known in years— possibly
since Lodi became famous for the size and
succulence of its melons. The absence of
late rains worked havoc. The acreage is
small, and the few who are successful
with watermelons this season will have
a small Klondike. Lodi will have to sup
ply the entire melon market this time, for
if reports be true, rival melon centers
have been blighted by the drought.
Academy of Medicine Officers.
DENVER, June 6.— Officers of the Acad
emy of Medicine for the ensuing year
were elected as follows: President, Dr.
Edward Jackson of Denver; first vice
president, Dr. W. L. Estes, South Bethle
hem, Pa.; second vice-president, Dr. J. T
Scarcey, Tuscaloosa, Ala.; third vice
president. Dr. William A. Elmer, Trenton,
N. J. ; fourth vice-president, Dr. Robert
H. Babcock, Chicago; secretary and treas
urer, Dr. Charles Mclntyre, Easton. Pa.
Mme. Lassauge on Trial.
SAN JOSE, June 6.— Mme. Emily O. Las
sauge, alias Mme. Louise, a former con
cert singer of note, was placed on trial in
Judge Lorlgan's court to-day to answer to
a charge of having thrown sulphuric acid
into the face of E. F. Robinson, her land
lord. A Jury was Bworn, and Robinson
told his side of the case.
FULL HAND HAD
FEW BACKERS
Won the Pot at Odds of
60 to 1.
UPSET AT ST. LOUIS TRACK.
ELECTOR THE ONLY WINNING
FAVORITE.
Ford Stakes at Gravesend Taken
Easily by Larva, With
Chemisette in tha
Place,
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
ST. LOUIS, June 6.— The Elector was
the only favorite to win to-day. Crazy
j Full Hand, a 60-to-l shot, was the ex
treme outsider to land the closing event.
Weather pleasant; track fast.
I One mile, Belling— Colonel Gay won, Tole
; Simmons second, King's Guard, third.
Time, 1:42*4.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Also
Ran II won, Dr. Sam second, Bulgarian
| third. Time, 1:09.
j One mile and seventy yards, selling-
Uncle Abb won, Sullross second, Mamie
G third. Time, 1:47%.
Owners' handicap, mile and a slx
teenth—The Elector won. Laureate sec
ond, Found third. Time, I:47ft.
Six furlongs— Nick Carter won. Silver
Set second, Lady Callahan third. Time,
1:14%.
Six and a half furlongs, sellings-Full
Hand won, Fourth Ward second, Hush
third. Time, 1:21%.
CINCINNATI, June 6.— Weather fine;
track fast.
Five furlongs, selling— Oleska won.
Pansy H second, Estabrooks third. Time,
1:03.
Six furlongs— Cosmos won. Board Mar
ker second, Skink third. Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs— Plavius won. Besique
second, Marchmont third. Time, 1:03%.
One mile— Han dOr won. Performance
second, Kriss Kringle third. Time, 1:41%.
Mile and seventy yards— Great Bend
won, Millstream second, Mellie third.
Time, I:46ft.
Six furlongs, selling — Rotha won, Voy
ageur second, Teucer third. Time, 1:16.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The Ford
stakes was the feature of the day.
After a poor start Larva went on at
once and won easily by a couple of
lengths.
Five furlongs— Jack Point won, Mr.
Clay second, Muggins third. Time, I:o2ft.
One mile— lntrusive won. Judge Mann
Becond, Merlin third. Time, I:4lft.
Ford stakes, four and a half furlongs,
selling— Larva won, Chemisette second,
Autumn third. Time, 0:56*4.
Mile and an eighth— Ben Ronald won,
Howard S second, Lament third. Time,
1:67%.
Six furlongs, selling— Miss Tenny won,
Dolando second, Continental third. Time,
1:15.
Mile and a sixteenth— Ogden won, Tillo
second, Semper Ego third. Time, 1:48%.
CHICAGO, June 6.— Results at Har
lem:
Six furlongs— Miss Fairmount won. Ex
quisite second, Penzrose third. Time,
1:16^.
Seven furlongs— Floronso won, Top
mast second, Warren Point third. Time,
1:28.
Four and a half furlongs— Miss Mark
won, Vie I^emont second, Charlo third.
Time, 0:56.
One mile and a sixteenth— Morte Fonao
won. Inconsistency second. Jack of
Hearts third. Time. 1:50%.
One mile— Baritaria won. Monk Wav
man second, Grazlella third. Time, 1:42.
Davo Waldo finished first, but was dis
qualified for fouling.
Seven furlongs— Donna Rita won, The
Devil second, Frank Thompson third.
Time. I:2sft.
BOSTON AND CLEVELAND
TAKE A GAME EACH
Bean-Eaters Shut Out by Young
After Winning the First
Contest.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING. .
Clubs — W. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..29 10 .744 i Chicago 19 21 .475
Cleveland ...25 14 .641: Philadelphia 17 19 .472
Boiiton 2« 15 .6341 Brooklyn ...15 21 .417
New Y0rk.. .22 17 .564j Louisville ...14 28 .333
Baltimore ..20 15 .671 'Washington 13 26 .333
Pittsburg ...21 20 .612 St. L0ui5.... 12 27 .308
WASHINGTON. June 6.— Tom Brown
was released to-day and Jack Doyle was
made manager. The Senators played
snappy ball and won by good work. At
tendance 1000. Score:
Clubs- R- H. 'a,.
"Washington 8 c»j i
Louisville .. -5 9 1
Batteries— Weyhlng and McOulre; Fraeer and
Snyder. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA, June The Phillies
defeated Plttsburg to-day by better all
around playing. Killen was relieved by
Hastings after the fifth Inning. Attend
ance 2430. Score: /\>v ; -^-
Clubs- R- H. E
Plttsburg - o • *
Philadelphia ••• ' 10 1
Hatterles— Klllen. Hastings and Schrlver;
Donohue and Fisher. Umpires— Emslie and
Curry-
BALTIMORE, June «.— The erstwhile
champions were afflicted with "that tired
feeling" to-day and the Browns broke
even on the series. Attendance SK».
Score:
Clubs— •;; -.'-*:. R - h.;e.
Baltimore ~ ■ * 4 *
St. Louis * • • o ■ 12 ■■ 1
Batteries— Hughes and Robinson; Hughey and
Clements. : Umpires— Snyder and Andrew*.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The home, team
played poorly In Brooklyn to-day , both in
fielding and batting, and lost to Chicago.
Score:
-'Clubs- . • • •■, ':■ £• £• E
Chicago • « 2 2 I
mtteriea^Woo'ds'and'iSonahus; r*inn Stein
and ' O'Brien. : Umpires-S wartwood ■ and Wood.
NEW .YORK, June 6.— Fifteen hits off
Meekin as against : four off Brietenstetn,
not to mention the five errors charged to
the Giants, tells the tale of to-day a game.
Attendance 3000. Score: . ;;
Clubs— . . ■■• . R- H. K.
New York ■• 1 « 6
Cincinnati ♦......•.•...'••.••..••••"•"••*" *" *" *
. Batteries— Meekln and -Grady; Breltenateln
and Peltz. Umpires— O" Day and McDonald.
BOSTON, June 6.— After winning the
first game the home team ran up against
Young and cQuld not bunch enough hits |
in the second to either win :or make a j
run. Attendance 6000. Score, first game: ,
■Clubs- : R-H- E
Boston •I-. l l *
Cleveland ..:..:;/..;....... • 6 _ *
Batteries— kiobMan'z" and Bergen ;-• Cuppy,
I Powell and O'Connor. Umpires— Cushman and
! Heydler.
I Score second game:
''■= Clubs- K. H. E.
Cleveland •••• nil
Boston " '
Batteries— Young"and'"zimmer; - Lewis and
Bergen. Umpires— Cushman and Heydler. ■
Wantage Belle a Winner.
LONDON, June 6.— At the first day's
racing at the Brighton spring meeting to
day Richard Croker's bay fllly, Wantage
Belle, by Loyalist, out of Wanda, beat
Mr. Barrow's brown gelding, London, in
the race for the Hassocks plate. This
race is for 200 sovereigns, for 2-year-olds,
the distance being about five furlongs.
Wantage Belle was objected to for cross
ing the track, but the objection was af
terward withdrawn. London fell during
the race, yet only a head separated the
two horses at the finish.
His Winnings for the Poor.
PARIS, June 6.— Baron de Rothschild,
on account of his victory in a race for
the Grand Prix de Paris with Le Roi So
leil at Longchamps yesterday, has given
his winnings, 200,000 francs, to the poor of
Paris,
IN MARKETS
OF THE WORLD
Manufacturers Making a
Great Record.
BIG INCREASE IN EXPORTS.
HOW THE UNITED STATES SENDS
PRODUCTS ABROAD.
Foreig-n Trade of the Fiscal Year,
Which Closes This Month, Is
Multiplying at aja Aston
ishing Rate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The manufac
turers of the United States are making,
in the fiscal year which closes with this
month, their greatest record In compet
ing for the markets of the world, avers
the Washington correspondent of the
Tribune. Not only will the exports of
manufactured articles for the fiscal
year exceed those of any previous year,
but for the first time in the history of
the country they will exceed the im
ports of manufactures. In the ten
months of the fiscal year the detailed
record of which the Bureau of Statis
tics has just completed, the exports of
manufactures exceed by over $40,000,000
the value of the manufactures import
ed, and it is probable that for the full
year's record this excess will reach
$50,000,000. In no preceding year in the
history of the country have the exports
of manufactures equaled In value the
imports of manufactured articles. In
the fiscal year of 1897 the Imports of
manufactured articles exceeded the
value of exports of manufactures by
the sum of $27,362,217; in 1896 by $104,
759,734, and in 1895 by $121,413,783.
Nearly every branch of the manufac
turing industries has shared in this
growth of sales to other parts of the
world. The exports of agricultural im
plements, for instance, which in 1888
were about $2,600,000 in, value, will in
the year 189S be, in round numbers,
$6,000,000. Locomotive engines, whose
exportation in 1888 was less than $500,
000 in value, will in 1898 reach probably
$4,000,000, orders for more than 150 en
gines having been placed with the
great manufacturing establishments
during the last two months for use in
China, Japan, Russia, Egypt, Austra
lia and South America-
Bar iron, of which 1,500,000 pounds
were sent abroad in 1888 this year 10,
000,000 will be exported. Builders' hard
ware, the export of which in 1888 was
valued at $1,442,633, was in the last fis
cal year $4,152,836 in value. The exports
of cut nails, which in 1888 amounted
to 11,963,664 pounds, will in 1898 amount
to more than 35,000,000 pounds, an in
crease of 200 per cent. Wire nails have
increased over 1000 per cent, the ex
ports of wire, wrought and horseshoe
nails in 1888 being 1,547,078 pounds,
while those of 1898 will reach nearly, if
not quite, 20,000,000 pounds. Exports of
iron plates and sheets, which in 1888
were less than 1,000,000 pounds, will in
this year amount to nearly 8,000,000
pounds, while those of steel plates and
sheets, which were but 119,419 pounds
in 1888, will exceed 20,000,000 pounds in
1898.
The total value of the exports of man
ufactures of Iron and steel, which In
1888 amounted to $17,000,000, will In 1898
exceed. $65,000,000. The exports of leath
ers and manufactures thereof, which
in 1888 amounted to less than $10,000,000,
will in 1898 exceed $20,000,000 in value.
Exports of illuminating oil, which in
1888 amounted to 456.000,000 gallons, will
in 1898 exceed 800,000,000 gallons, while
lubricating oils, which in 1888 were less
than 23,000,000 gallons, will in 1898 reach
65,000,000 gallons. The exportations of
parafflne and parafflne wax, which in
1888 were 36,000,000 pounds, will in 1898
reach 140,000,000. Soap increases from
19,000,000 pounds in 1888 to over 27,000,
000 pounds in 1898; glass and glassware
from $881,628 in 1888 to $1,208,187 in 1898;
manufactures of rubber from $866,867 in
188S to $1,807,145 in 1898.
Manufactures of cotton show an in
crease of 60 per cent in the value of
their exports during the last ten years;
exports of chemicals have also In
creased 50 per cent in value during the
same time. Manufactures of brass
have Increased from $308,124 in 1888 to
over $1,400,000 in 1898, while manufac
tures of copper, including ingots and
bars, which in ISBS were $3,812,790, were
last year $31,621,127 and seemed likely
to exceed that sum in 189 S. In numer
ous other manufactured articles there
have been similar gains, nearly the en
tire list having shared in a greater or
less degree in the growth of the ex
port trade during the last decade. The
total exportation of manufactures in
1888 amounted to $130,300,087, and in 1898
seems likely to reach nearly or quite
$290,000,000.
ARTICLES SIGNED BY
SHARKEY AND RUHLIN
Agree to Fight Twenty-Five Rounds
Before the Greater New
York Club.
NEW YORK, June 6.— Articles have
been signed by Tom Sharkoy and Gus
Ruhlln to fight twenty-five rounds before
the Greater New York Athletic Club at
Coney Island on June 22. Arrangements
will be completed when Sharkey arrives
here to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®®®®®®®®®®® ®®®®®®®® ®® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
II You Can Be Strong Again. I
1 ■■' ' ' - - = — • " : ®
® ; de£sstf!^!!s^ Don't give up because drugs ®
© i^^®^^^ haVe failed to help you re- ®
® WMF gaia your natural vigor. ®
® rwf s~% *?*$ There are thousands of men ®
® w[W '*^* r®M who have been cured by Dr. ®
© ->j . .f\ I Sanden's Electric Belt after ®
® \ _^1^ / tho failure of drugs. ; ®
I JW^l - ELECTRICITY IS LIFE." |
® /T"^f^ Jl±a v v^ It/ is the ' source of all ®
® .»"■/ f .;'. I \^ >v strength. ' It will restore the ®
®-' I #1 ,/ . * •'* * lost energy, make the nerves ®
strong and remove all aches and pains. Try it. Ask for ®
| ;; Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of ' Men," free, with full ®
information. , ' ®
® SANDEN ELECTRIC CO :* IM n nDTAMT MnTt nr * 1
® ; 702 Market Street, Corner Geary, S»n Franeitcs. . ImrUn I Ami 11 U I lilt g
® , Office hours— « a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays, 10 <: T)r Runrtpn'n offieM 1 ®
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. C*l., 204V4t; 3 uth ... -»™ ? ? ft ? m w
® Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington st.; are ; now at 702 Market ®
(S\ Denver, : Colo., 931 Sixteenth st, ;. Dallas. Tex.. Street, corr.er Geary. • /»
XMS Main at. : ' .-x; ... - : , -, . ' *- ' - ; 1 ■- * ®
® W ®
©®®®®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®.® ®®®® ® ® ® ®® ® © ®
GOLD STRIKE
AT WRANGEL
Argonauts Discover a
Bonanza.
MINERS RUSH TO THE SPOT.
SAID TO BE RICHER THAN THE
KLONDIKE.
Alaska Steamship Reports That a
Number of Vessels Are Unable
to Ascend the
Stickeen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 6.— The
steamer Princess Louise, which has re
turned from Wrangel, making the re
turn voyage in seven dayß, brings
news that the small body of men en
camped there building boats to con
tinue their Journey via the lake and
the Hootalinqua to the Klondike coun
try have made a find richer than any
strike that has been made for some
time past in the Klondike mining dis
trict. Needless to state, boat building
was abandoned and all are at work on
newly staked claims on the shores of
Lake Teslin.
While some of the men were walking
along the shore in search of drift wood
for a fire they noticed colors in the
black gravel. On washing a few pans
of the alluvial soil gold was obtained.
After further investigation about a
mile from the camp a place was found
where several pans went very high, one
giving about $300. The lucky man,
whose name could not be learned, but
who is said to be one of the carpenters
employed at the Canadian Development
Company's sawmill at the lakes, at
once dropped the pan after securing
his gold, and after staking a claim
rushed over to the camp of the mining
recorder at the settlement and record
ed his location. All his companions im
mediately followed suit, and on their
reporting their good fortune at the
encampment a number set out to stake
claims along the shore.
At Glenora and Telegraph, where at
present there are about 2000 people, the
wildest excitement prevailed when the
news was told, and hundreds at once
packed their outfits and started to the
scene of the discovery. A downward
river steamer brought word of the dis
covery to Wrangel, and mining excite
ment seized Wrangelites, numbers of
whom, according to the officers of the
Princess Louise, have started inland
ere now.
The Princess Louise brings news that
the spring freshets are bringing the
waters of the Stickeen to a great height
and making the current exceedingly
swift. With the exception of four ves
sels the fleet of Stickeen River steamers
is now penned up above the canyon
unable to get down the river owing to
the swiftness of the rapids in the can
yon and the drift wood. The four ves
sels not penned up are the steamers
Ramona, preparing to come down, as
ehe is not sufficiently strong to ascend
the swift-running river; the Monte
Cristo, awaiting the arrival of a shaft,
she having broken hers; the Skagit
Chief, which is ashore and from all ac
counts likely to remain so all season,
a few miles below Glenora, and the
Casca. The penned-up vessels will be
unable to get through the canyon until
the water goes down, which may be a
week or two yet.
An idea of the swiftness of the cur
rent on the Stickeen can be ascertained
from the fact that the steamer "Vic
torian on her last trip down made fully I
forty knots an hour and the engineers
were at times obliged to reverse her
engines to preverit her getting beyond
control.
Word is brought of the drowning near
Glenora of a French miner whose name
could not be learned.
SIAN FU TO BE MADE
THE CAPITAL OF CHINA
Troops Already Stationed to Protect
the Emperor on His Journey
From. Peking.
LONDON, June 6.— The Globe to-day
says it learns from a reliable source that
the Tsung LI Yamen (Chinese Foreign
Office) has decided to make Slan Fu,
Province of Shen Si, the capital of the
Chinese empire, in place of Peking.
General Tung Futing, it is added, now
commands a picked force stationed in a
town half way between Peking and Sian
Fu, for the purpose of protecting the Em
peror and his court on their journey to
the new capital, and troops, it appears,
are already stationed at intervals along
the route to be traversed by the imperial
party.
House of Commons Beassembles,
LONDON, June 6.— The House of Com
mons reassembled to-day after the Whit
suntide holidays. The attendance was
small. The financial secretary of the
treasury, Mr. Hanbury, replying to Sir
George Baden-Powell, said the Govern
ment did not think a large expedlture
for the purpose of establishing a weekly
mail service to China, via Canada, would
be warranted.
Manager Barnie Released.
NEW YORK, June 6.-William Barnie,
manager of the Brooklyn baseball team,
received his release this afternoon. Mike
Griffln, captain of the team, was appoint
ed to succeed him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®@®®®®®®®
® . ®
i 2)1 IS I
® ; tIJ Ro JL \Jr • ®
© 7* ®
IMy Goilsei lere i
® ■ ®
(•) "And pay higher prices for shoes when _
_ you can save money by trading with us? W
W We are centrally located, and carry the 0
(?) best-selected medium-priced stock of
IT shoes In this State. Special Bale this (•)
® week of Ladles' Ox Blood Kid Lace ~
(jj Shoes, cloth or kid tops and spring
heels, new coin toes and tips and flexl- ®
® ble soles. Sizes 2% to 6, widths A to „
to E. Will be sold at $1 15 a pair. Kegu- vU
w lar selling price $2 50. . ' (5)
® - • - • ■ ■ .-■ ®
® Bargain extraordinary! Ladles' Finest ~.
<yv . Quality Tan Chrome Kid Southern Ties, W
,T __ with cloth tops, ®
® OS C . hand-turned soles
/y, w-^-"*- and narr ow®
_ _/^^ square toes and gj
(*) 4B&&3P llll ££fl tips. Reduced to ~:
<T> r '"' c er P alr - W e ®
w JUfK9*^ J have the follow- (^
® y**^jdtfi3r ln X flz^s: A and
r\ >v B de . 3 to 5, (•)
\%<^eSo^m nnil .S D to 3* ®
(i\ ***— tS£ 'w*! .< . ritn* wide, 3 to 3 l i. W
~ The regular price of this tie was $2 50. (»)
% — %
Country orders solicited. . .. ; ®
Send for Illustrated Catalogue. ,-. .
®-■ ' ®
1 B. KATCHINSKI, ®
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., ®
® 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco ®
® * w
® ®® ® ® ®®®®®®®®@®®®
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY Al CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF New York, In the State of New York,
on the 31st day of December. A. D. 1897.
and for the year ending on that day, as mads
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the commis-
sioner: •
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash ...$ 250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company .'....$ 655.442 78
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by c0mpany..*........ 1,649,952 60
Cash in company's office .:... 38,80100
Cash in banks 88.019 78
Interest accrued on all stocks and
loans 2.018 67
Rents accrued 1,640 80
I Premiums in due course of collection 400,221 54
I Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash in
company's possession) : 21,495 41
Total assets 12,750,530 57
LIABILITIES.
Losses known or estimated,, proofs
not filed I 16,470 07
Losses in process of adjustment or In
suspense .'. 103,252 45 ■
Losses resisted. $301,475 of which Is -
for the insured ........... :..:..i... 838.643 57
Gross premiums on risks running on»
-year- or less,- $2,859,874 16; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1,429,937 04
Gross premiums on risks running
more than one year, $296,917 34; re-
insurance pro rata 162,960 91
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 25,697 01
' Total liabilities $2,077,991 13
INCOME. •'>-•:.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $2,944,243 2»
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 66.240 18
Received for rents 68,212 IS
Received for profit on assets Bold.. .11,862 50
Total Income ......< $3,080,560 15
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses $1,453.50113
Dividends to stockholders 45,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 763,924 04
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131,127 11
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 60.231 13
All other payments and expenditures 480,165 97
I. Total expenditures $2,923,949 3»
GEO. F. SEWARD, President.
ROBT. J. HILLAR. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 3d
day of February, 1898.
E. A. RABENER, Notary Public •
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S. G. PARDEE, Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDINO.
San Francisco, California.
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
for AH Prices. -'
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are the
only safe and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call in and see them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.
DR.MQNDLTT.
Tnrs^EM, -KXOWX AND RKLrABtE OM»
-J. Sp«-lallBt cure* Private, Nervous.Hlood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
.0 years' experience. Bend for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hoars, 9 to 3
dally ;6:3o tr.B.3OCT'«. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOE McSULTT, M. It.,
flS'a' Kearn.v Street. San Franciwo. Vnl, ■
AT% r a for Gonorrhoea, .
Weet, Spermatorrhoea.
fl»i ll i tosd»ji.\3 Whites, unnatural dill
JVW G«ar»nt«<l « charges, or any inflamma-
£*¥ not to stricture. m tion. irritation or ulc^ri-
fed p»p »™ v eoDUgloo. tion of mucous n.em-
f7»\THEEvANS CHEHirn Ho. cranes. Non-astringent.
%ffIaCINC!IMTI.O JEER Sold by »srujrpLt*.
i-jVffSEk;- 0. 8. 1. J&m^9 T gout in plain wrapper
*UMUI*^ V Cironiar B«,i)t on roqueat.
ttHUUUIiUHIiIi
I HAVE YOU Sore Throat; Pimples, Copper- ■ ■
Colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores, UlceraH
taMouth, Halr-FallUw! Write COOK REM-1
r Arn°ir tU , MASONIC TEMPLE, : CHI-
_ « -^SSi to * for - P root3 ot cure* Capiui 5
B££ ™ xv " toy vroots of cures. Capital 2
*AXUXM. Worat cases cured In li to 36 dayi I
100- page book frea ■
Weak Men and Women
•trength.to the sexual own* wealth ; an * :
- !». :.----.■. ■ ,• -, -..-_-■. - .... ,- . ■ ■ r.-. ■: . - ■THE WEEOTT
TO BE ALTERED
She Will Be Lengthened
Forty Feet.
ACCIDENTS ON THE FRONT.
CHARLES AUBERTIN INJURED
BY A BURSTING SHELL.
The Steamer Dirigo Chartered by the
California-Alaska Navigation
Company to Carry
Klondikers.
The steamer Weeott has gone into re
tirement In Oakland Creek for a time. In
a. few days she is to be put on the ways
and cut in two. Then she will be length
forty feet and new boilers put in.
the alterations have been com
: sh« is expected to be one of the
vessels of her class on the coast.
Captain Ben Lewis, late of the four
masted schooner Novelty, has been ap
pointed master of the James A. Garfleld.
Captain Ed Wirtscbulet ha« sold out his
Interest in the barkentine Ruth to
Captain Johnson of the bark Sonoma.
Captain Johnson will take command of
the Ruth. The barkentine was on the
berth for 6t. Michael and Kotzebue
hound, but owing to the falling off in the
rush there was no freight or passengers
offering', so her bunks have been torn out
ar.d the Ruth is now open to charter.
Charles Aubertin. a lad about 13 years
old; v.-as brought to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, suffering from a severe wound
in the thigh. Charley and some other
boys procured a couple of rifle cartridges.
'and other boys, according to Charley,
wanted to put them on the car track.
Charley secured the dangerous play
things, and in order to put them out of
harm's way laid them on a stone and be
gan to batter them with a hammer. One
of them exploded and a piece of the shell
entered Charley's leg, making a wound
that will keep him at least a month in
bed.- Dr. Zabala dressed the injury, af
ter extracting the shell, and in the even
ing sent the Lad home.
K.I Banker was also treated by Dr. Za
bala for a painful wound received in a
very peculiar manner. He laid a long
necked oil can on the sidewalk in crder
to haul on a rope. The rope broke and
Banker sat down suddenly on the pointed
end of the oil can.
The grain sheds are filled to overflow
ing and BtK. shipload after shipload is
arriving. The steamer Senator is put
ting out 1012 tons, and as Boon as she has
discharged it and has had her ash-dis
charge altered she will be sent back to
Tacoma for another load. Besides her
load, of wheat the Senator Brought down
412 tons of coal, thus proving herself to
•be the best carrying passenger steamer
on the coast.
The California-Alaska Navigation Com
gany'e steamer I»irigo will get away for
_t. Michael next Saturday. She Is rap
idly filling up with passengers and will
leave on time. At St. Michael she will
connect with the company's new river
•steamer Queon if the Yukon. It was ru
mored along the front yesterday that the
California-Alaska Navigation Company
had not scoured the steamer, but this is
emphatically denied by J. S. Klmball &
Co.. the owners of the vessel. Mr. Kim
•l nil says the vessel has been chartered
lv the concern and will run under the
'California-Alaska Company's flag until
the charter is up.
Ti.E FEAST OF
CORPUS CHRISTI
THE DAY IS NO LONGER ONE OF
OBLIGATION.
Forty Hours' Adoration Will Be Ob
served at St. Mary's Com
mencing Sunday Next.
Forty Hours' Adoration will be
nly observed at St. Mary's Ca
■il. commencing with a solemn
mass at 11 o'clock next Sun
::ig. A procession of little chil
robed in white and strewing flowers
on the aisles of the church will immedl
prece9e the mass and will be led by
•: g ; • .. !. who will carry the
1 host. Forty or more acolytes and
iraber of brothers from the Sacred
will escort the procession.
The devotion will continue Monday with
•ial mass In the morning and re
xercUes during the day. On Tues-
Ing the services will be con
■ th a solemn high mass and a
-- of Corpus Christ! will be cele-
Catliolic churches generally
ighout the city .in Sunday next, in
:i Thursday. The day Is no
- a holy <iay of obligation, and ser
in commemoration of the. feast will
,'iently be dt-ferred from Thursday,
mal date of the anniversary, until
IV-
At St. Ignatius' Church nn Hayes street,
is <'hrlsti will be observed with an
ial and solemn service by the Jesuit
■ inmunity. Special music will bo ar
il and sung by a specially augmented
of fifty or more male voices, ac
companied by Instrumental music.
TORE OUT HIS WHISKERS.
Matthew Finn, a Grocer, Maltreated
by a Strapping Butler.
M.itthf-w Finn, grocer. 241 Day street,
swore out a warrant yesterday for the
arrest of Thomas Hogan. a butler, on the
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Finn stated that Hogan, who is a
strapping big fellow, was in his barroom
about 1 o'clock Sunday morning and was
annoying an old man. Finn Interfered
when liogan grabbed hold of his whis
ker?; and tore out a handful of hair, caus
ing him great pain. Then Hogan broke
his scales in pieces and threw the pieces
at him, striking him several times. Finn
had to get his whiskers trimmed yester
day morning.
Gunners to Be Wined and Dined.
The victorious Olymplo Gun Club team
that last week won the trophy at the big
blue rock tournament will be wined and
dined by tho Olympic Club next Friday.
The trophy won by the team la a valuable
one, and was taken by the club three
different times before It became Its prop
erty, and for this reason it Is more highly
prized than If it only represented a one
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR ST. MICHAEL. DAWSON ANHLL
YUKON JIiyERJ'OINTS!
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY'S
NEW STEEL STEAMSHIP "ST. PAUL" ™ss&sTmu»,mjl
SATURDAY, JUNE 11, AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.
Pftßßengcr* by the St. Paul for up-river points will be transferred to our
river boat* now waiting nt 81. Michael. For rates and particulars apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.,
«1O BAN6OAIB STREET,
SAN PRANCISCO, CAL. j
day victory. Those who shot for the prize
and who will be entertained at dinner
are: Clarence Nauman, A. J. Welch.
Otto Feudner, Fred Feudner, Clarence
Haight and W. J. Golcher.
SELLING WAR BONDS.
A Great Demand for the New Turee
Per Cent Issue.
While Spain is rustling here and there
trying to raise a little money among for
eign nations and its own people, the
United States has only to ask and the
wealth of the great nation is poured into
the Treasury, and by its own citizens.
This was proved yesterday when the First
National Bank opened its doors, the an-
nouncement having been made that it
would receive subscriptions for the new
3 per cent Government war loan. Cashier
J. K. Lynch had hardly taken his seat
when the first subscriber placed his name
in the subscription book for a $100 bond.
By noon $125.0(10 had been subscribed for,
and the cashier stated that he had prom
ises for subscriptions that would run this
amount up to over $2.10.000. The total 1s-
BUe by the Government will be $300,000,000,
and the denominations will be $2f>, $50. $100,
?■"•»> and $1000. The heaviest demand yes
y was for bonds of the larger de
nomination. It must not be understood
that there were no small bonds sold, for
there were many of even the lowest
order. Mr. Lynch says that no security
is asked, for it is well known that in the
event of any one falling to make good
his subscription there are plenty who will
be only too glad to take up the same.
There is every reason to believe that
the demand for these bonds will be great
er than the amount of the issue. In such
an event the Government will fill the or
ders for the small denominations first.
These bonds are to be delivered in about
thirty days.
Ore of the first subscribers yesterday
was a lady who said that she has pur
chased bonds of the Government of every
Issue since the big "7-30" issue of the late
civil war.
At the present time the bonds ar» sell
ing at prir. but as soon as the books close
they are sure to sell at a premium.
MINING LITIGANTS
TIRED OF FIGHTING.
SIGNS OF A COMPROMISE IN THE
HALE & NORCROSS CASE.
A Plan to Let One Judgment Go and
Retain the Amount of the
Other nnd Interest.
There nre several new movements on in
the case of M. W. Fox against Alvinza
Hay ward and others and the Hal* & Nor-
Silver Mining Company that the
majority of the public do not understand.
The < ase came up yesterday before the
Supreme Court in bank upon a petition
f'<v a rehearing of this matter, that has
draff fed along for so many years before
ourta of this city and the higher tri
bunal. In the lower court Fox obtained
the original judgment for $210,000 for
faulty milling and th» costs thereon. Also
for about $480,000. which included the in
teresi for fraudulent milling. The Su
preme Court affirmed the first count, but
reversed the second count. With the case
int; in this manner it promised to
drag along for years unnumbered. A
short time ago Fox petitioned for a re
hearing and made an offer for a modifi
cation of the second count as the court
might allow. The Supreme Court refused
to make a modification, but granted a re
bearing, and it was on this that the case
came up yesterday. Ws T. Baggett, G.
v> . Mcßnerney and L. D. McKislck began
an argument for Fox, when they suddenly
broke off and said they had been author
ized to make an offer that might be the
means of compromising the complicated
and badly mixed case. The offer was to
remit the entire second count, and they
asked that the opinion of the court he a
modification of a judgment of the lower
court; in other words, that the curt or
der the lower court to enter judgment for
$2]O.rKX), plus the interest and cost. There
upon Fox and his friends would abandon
their right of action on the sceond count,
reserving the benefit of the Judgment in
the first count.
W. S. \Vood and John Garber, for the
Hale & Norcross Company, raised vigor
ous objection to such a modification on
the ground that the Supreme Court had
not the jurisdiction to enter such an or
der because that court could not make a
finding and the judgment must go with
the findings. They also claimed $6000
costs, asserting that if the higher court
made such a lump modification they
could not secure their costs.
The question of costs was argued for
some time, and the court took the matter
under advisement. From all appearances
some of the contestants are getting very
tired of this litigation and are willing to
have it brought to an end. If the peti
tion for a modification had been success
fully made an appeal could have been
taken to the higher court, thus keeping
the case turning over and over as before.
It was evidently believed that If the de
sired order was made from the Supreme
Court that would settle it.
BONDS STILL HOLD HIM.
John H. Hummell Fails to Rid Him-
self of Wife and Two Children.
John H. Hummell, who yesterday I
morning hoped that the setting sun would
see him a single man. rid of the burden
of a wife and two children. Is still held in
the bonds of matrimony and he will be
forced to show cause why he should not
support his family.
Hummell was married to hie wjfe,
Louise, in ISSO. It was a contract mar
riage and was executed in the State of
Illinois. Shortly after Hummell moved
with his wife to Denver, Colo., where two
children were born to them. Hummell
finally tired of his home and left it. but i
an agent of the Denver Society for the
lYevt-ntion of Cruelty to Children learned :
of the case anfl caused his arrest. He
was threatened with imprisonment unless
he wedded his wife In conformity with
the laws of Colorado, and under pressure
he consented. Five days after the wed
ding he again left his home and was not .
again heard of by his family until he
loomed up in this city and Instituted suit
to have his marriage annulled on the
ground that he had been forced into it
against his will.
Mrs. Hummell was Informed of the ac
tion her husband had tsken, and when be ;
appeared In Judge Hebbard's court yes
terday morning to prosecute his suit he ;
was confronted with his wife's answer,
which denied all his allegations and set ,
out the true story. Judge Hebbard read ■
It carefully, and then without further !
ado dismissed the suit. Mrs. Hummell
will now, in all probability, bring pro- ,
ceedlngs to compel her husband to sup
port herself and babies.
Filed Their Answer.
Th* amended answer of A. W. Law
rence and T. T. Willinms, who, together
with W. R. Hearst, are defendants In an
action filed some time ago by Olaus
Spreckels to recover heavy damages for
libel, was placed on record yesterday.
The answer simply contains a specific de
nial of all the allegations of the com
1 plaint.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JC^E 7, 1898.
FATHER BERNARD
AND LITTLE PETE
Stevens and Edith Hall
a Success.
AN AMERICAN HERO AT TIVOLI
"THE COTTON KING" AT THE
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
New Tunes at the Orpheum— Good
Second Week Openings
at the Other
Theaters.
Now is the summer of our discontent
made glorious winter by this son of song
— or rather these sons of song.
The Baldwin is closed; the California is
closed. At the Columbia and Alcazar last
week's bill is this week's bill. And now,
just when our need is greatest, comes
the Tlvoli to the rescue.
Go to the Tlvoli. all ye that are world
weary. Go to the Tivoli, ye who are
bored. Go to the Tivoli, ye whose hope
.that anything good can come out of stage
land has drooped and withered. Go to the
Tivoli, and laugh at Edwin Stevens and
Edith Hall, and admire the conscientious,
clever, thorough work of these two.
Better acting, more appropriate make
up. fuller appreciation of the details that
go to make up a role have never been seen
on the TJvoll stage than Father Bernard
and Little Pete presented last night.
Their first auet was excellent. There's
spirit and warmth and resonance in Edith
Hall singing, and she acted as though
she really enjoyed what assuredly gave
enjoyment to her audience. As to Stev
ens, a more delightful bit of humorous
characterization than his Sicilian grandee
it would be hard to imagine. And not a
moment in all the time these two are on
the stage do they forget the effect they
intend to produce. Their Italian duet was
the hit of the evening. The sextet In the
third act was. a good musical number,
strikingly costumed. Edith Hall's manly,
saucy little face is peculiarly pretty when
framed in a parted-in-the middle white
wig and set above the costume of a young
Marquis. Louise Royce's voice, which
was eclipsed by a cold early in the even
ing, regained. its strength for the beauti
ful sextet.
The patriotic finale to Act 111. which set
the house applauding and cheering, Is a
good climax. The opera ought to end
I here. But the composer had a few ad
ditional hair-breadth 'scapes for his hero
to pass through, so there's another act.
The opera Is full of melody. This state
ment, considering the ordinary run of
comic operas, is not in the least tauto
logical, and the Tivoli orchestra knows
good music when it gets an opportunity
to play it. MIRIAM MICHELSON.
At the Grand Opera House.
The mar.agement has scored a well merited
! success in the presentation of "The' Cotton
King," with more than usual elaborateness of
stipe setting and scenery. The play requires
a strong cas' and careful stase setting, and
both of these have been supplied by the man
afTCimnt. The result has been that the inter
esting story of the triumph of honest love
over the machinations of calculating: villain)
Is told with unwonted force, and with thrill
ing effect. The cotton mill in full operation
was greeted with a round of well merited ap
plause, while the elevator scene in which the
heroine is rescued from a fearful death was
honored with a mall for Mr. Meldon and
Maud Edna Hall.
H. Percy Meldon, direct from the Boston
Theater, established himself at once as a fa
vorite with the audience, his acting being con
scientious and painstaking. George Webster
as James Shlllincrlaw. the dissipated engine
driver, sustained his reputation as an expo
nent of n'o'odrama and received several recalls.
Max yon Mitzel began his second week by malt
ing a Jtcidtd hit in the small part of Rev.
Mr Tender. Julia Blanc as Kittle Marshall
and Maurice Stewart as Benjamin Tupper sup
plied the tun of the play and did it well. keep
ing the EUdience In continual merriment.
The present company Is a strong one and
will draw big houses. Several popular attrac
tions will be billed In the near future, among
them Carroll Johnson and his comuany. Xext
week Clay M Greene's "Under the Polar Star"
will be the attraction.
The Baldwin.
To-morrow afternoon Ysaye, Gerardy and
Lachaume will return to San Francisco for a
farewell concert. An excellent programme, In
cluding: a number of popular compositions, has
been arranged, and, as prices also will be popu
lar, an exceptional opportunity to hear the
great musicians will be afforded.
"The Passion Play" is to be revived at the
Baldwin Theater commencing next Thursday
afternoon at 3:15. It will be continued every
afternoon and evening thereafter. The presen
tation by means of lifelike moving pictures of
this play has been very successful.
At the Columbia.
Those who like romance and comedy mixed in
equal proportion! may have their fill at the
Columbia Theater, where r'lay Clement and his
company are presenting "The New Domin
ion ." The scenes are supposed to occur
in the South, and the characters are of the
aristocratic order found In the State of Vir
ginia, excepting that assumed by Clement,
who impersonates the German noblPman to
perfection. The characters are all well sus
tained and the company work in harmony.
"Number Nine" will be presented next week
by the Frawley Company.
At the Alcazar.
"The Master of Ceremonies" commenced its
second week at the AJcazar Theater last night
to a crowded house. Mr. Lewis Morrison and
Miss Florence Roberts received a curtain call
at the close of each act. They are admirably
supported by the stock company.
At the Orpheum.
The strong bill at the Orpheum served to
draw the usual packed house and all the new
turns won favor. While there are but three
new acts several of the hold overs appeared In
a change of repertoire, particularly Ezra Ken
dall and Al Leach and the three Rosebuds.
Wills and Loretto appear in an act made up
for the most part of repartee between a very
seedy specimen of a tramp and a gay sou
brette, the latter Introducing a .few a- ngi and
dances. Alburtus and Bartrum have been
seen? here before, but In their two years' ab
sence have added many new features to their
exhibition of club swinging. Katie Jlooney's
Imitations of the late Pat Rooney. who In his
day was the kins of Celtic comedy, were well
received. The La Mont family, who class
among the very best acrobats the Orpheum
has had, were well received. This will be the
last week of Professor Leonldas and his troupe
of "trained dogs and cats. The musical John
sons, Harry Allister and others complete the
bill.
The Olympia.
The bloßraph, with its moving picture*, is
the feature at the Olympia. Among th« new
scenes this week Is Captain Sigsbee. formerly
of th"» Maine, and his staff. They are shown a*
they walked down the steps of the United
States Treasury building at Washington and
about to enter a carriage. A number of other
war scenes are produced true to life, as only
V. " blograph can do it. In the variety olio
an 1 some ten or more specialties, of which the
Stanly Sisters and Maude Rockwell scored
Klvat hit:-. __ ___________
At the Chutes.
Henri Maurice Cannon, the irentlem&n from
Switzerland who unblushlnßly carries around
613 pounds of, cheerful obesity, Is undoubtedly
the ino^t prodiplous feature ever offered nt the
Chutes. With a waist eight fret in circumfer
ence nnd a chest ; which expands to 72 Inches,
}]>■ has entertained thousands of amazed visitors
Since Sunday afternoon. He is a mass of good
nature and fun, .ami all who Viewed him became
Immediate friends. .In .the Free Theater
Charles and May Jackson made especial hits
last evenlne in "Mrs. O'Grady's Wash Day,"
and Uno, the comedy Juggler; Oro and Bell,
knockabout comedians, and William De Uoe,
the "upside-down" man. were warmly greeted.
Soldiers are stronßly in evidence at the Chutes
every - afternoon and evening, . for . this is the
o"nly place of amusement in San ■ Francisco
offering free admission to the boys In blue.
A Patriotic Name.
Mrs. Rumfree. 132 Tenlh street, pave
birth to a bouncing baby. boy in the Re
ceiving Hospital : yesterday, t and on 'the
suggestion of Dr. Fltzgibbon she 'decided
to name him Dewey Hohson Rumfree."
Hardtmuth's "Koh-I-Noor" lead pen
cil will outlast three others. Try It. •
AN OLD MAN
BLOWS OUT
HIS BRAINS
Otto Johnson, Aged
71, Commits Suicide.
HE MET WITH REVERSES
INDUCED TO EMBARK IN A
LOSING VENTURE.
After Leaving His Home He Sits on
a Doorstep and Fires a
Built * Into His
Head.
Despondent over business reverses Otto
Johnson, aged 71 years, last night com
mitted suicide by shooting himself
through the head. The deed was done on
the steps of a house on Van Ness avenue,
near Filbert.
Johnson lived at 1105 Vallejo street.
Shortly after 8 o'clock last night he left
his home, after telling his wife that he
was going for a walk. A.s she noticed the
handle of his revolver protruding from
his overcoat pocket, she begged him not
to leave her. Despite her entreaties he
left the house and walked rapidly along
Filbert street to Van Ness avenue. After
looking up and down the street, as if to
pee whether or not anybody was ap
proaching, he sat down on the steps of
the house, and taking the revolver from
his pocket, placed the muzzle to his head
and fired. The bullet entered the right
side of the head close to the ear, and
emerged from the other side. A soldier
named "Welch was passing at the time,
and seeing the old man fall to the side
walk, he went to his assistance. Realiz
ing that he was fatally injured. Welch at
once repaired to the North End station,
where he hurriedly informed the desk
sergeant of the occurrence. Several offi
cers were despatched to the scene, and
thinking that Johnson was still alive they
placed him in the patrol wagon and con
veyed him to the Receiving Hospital.
When he was placed on the operating
table Assistant Police Surgeon Bunnell
pronounced him dead. His body was then
removed to the Morgue.
Johnson some time ago formed a part
nership with Edwin C. Barclay in the In
surance business. They established "an
office at 411H California street, hut
through Barclay's inattention to business,
so it is claimed. Johnson lost considerable
money in the venture. Several weeks ago
Barclay met with an accident which pre
vented him from leaving his house. Find
ing that his aged partner was in a
despondent mood, due to the money he
had lost, he nenc run: the following note
with the accompanying bill of .sale:
SAX FRANCISCO. April 18.
Otto Johnson— Dear Dad: Enclosed find hul
of Fale. I am going to put the hiz through that
I sp^ke to y.iu about. My eye Is like a black
berry. 1 know It is very unfortunate, but it
can't be helr.ed. Hay» not been out of the
house since It happened. Tours as ever,
EDWIN C. BARCLAY.
PAX FRAXCISCO, April lg.
I hereby transfer all my riffht, title and Inter
est In the business conducted by E. C. Barclay
and Otto Johnson, at 411H California street,
and also my interest in the furniture of the
office of Barclay & Johnson.
EDWIN C. BARCLAY.
The widow of the dead man declare*
that her husband Intended to kill Barclay,
but the latter managed to keep out of the
way.
BUENA VISTA'S GIRLS IN BLUE.
The "Hollow Square" Or)e of the Movements Executed by the
Marchiog AmazoQS.
Buena Vista's girls in blue, that is, the drill corps of Buena Vista Parlor, Native Daughters of the Golden West, visited the Fontana barracks last
night to give an exhibition drill before the officers and men of the two battalions of the Washington volunteers. It was a repetition of the drill given by the
same corps on the occasion of the patriotic entertainment given by the parlor last week; but. be it said to the credit of the young ladies, the movements
were executed with more precision. The effect was very pretty, as the corps, attired in light blue skirts and Zouave jackets of the same hue, trimmed with
white braid, white shirt waists, with standing collars, red four-in-hand ties and jaunty white caps of the cadet pattern, and carrying cadet rifles, entered
the main hall, where the drill was held. The corps presented a decidedly patriotic appearance, and was greeted with applause from the boys and a large
number of ladies and gentlemen who were present. The girls in blue, under command of Miss Annie Worth, captain, went through the manual of arms, the
facings and a number of fancy movements in a manner that won for them much applause. After they wore dismissed. Private Brewer of Company I, with
a squad of eight men, as a return compliment, gave a comical drill, which was remarkable for the orders by <•. hich the men went through the manual of
arms. The ladles then took possession of the ramp and inaugurated dancing, and although it was nearly time for "taps," the officers in command could
not find words to order the enjoyment of the evening brought to a close at that time. The girls in blue had made an attack, and the boys in blue surren
dered. The ladies who drilled with rifles were: Miss Annie Worth, captain: Mrs. Ella Wehe, first sergeant; Privates Miss Gertie Proll, Miss Gertie Sloan,
Miss Amanda Postag, Miss Addie Doyle, HIM Amy Kening, Miss Emma Honing, Miss L,aura Gille, Miss May Lanigan, Miss Amy Wehe, Miss Lottie Yeazell,
Mrs. Josephine Wall, >rs. Charles Brown, Miss kittle Brown, Miss Eva Bellstedt, Miss Alice Taniere, Mrs. Josie Parker.
It was the intention of the parlor to present a flag to Company F, but that had to be deferred, as the company in the morning was taken to Angel Island,
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
t¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥+¥¥%n
. . \ ' ■ -'.' " '■"■■■ ■■• ■■ : ■■■ :- : : • : :-:- ■ "■. - ' -■ :;:' %r.
&(ow on exhibition, in a Specially prepared dark room on the first floor, opposite J "
the Book Department, the great colored artist's, Nelson A. Primus'-;* recast of the WORLD- '<•
FAMOUS PAINTING, "CHRIST BEFORE PILATE," canvas, 14x21 feet, exhibiting 40%
life-si{e figures. J
t — — — . — . — . — — - . >, f
I
PFrom 9 to 12 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning only we will offer on *
From 9 to 12 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning only we will offer on *
j^iS^M^/i Special Sale Tables in the main aisle, near rotunda *> <
Jzg^^^^l^ 39 styles All-silk Tuxedo and Maline Veilings — full 27 inches wide — 'V
~~" every yard worth 25c or ,35c — 17 colorings — 14 varieties of dots, in *£
Silk Chenille Spot Tuxedo, } Browns,' Black, * * ■* '
Fancy Mesh Tuxedo, { Beige, Creams, I I /^ 2
Maline Mesh Tuxedo, /* . Navy, Tans, > > w 2,
Chenille Spot Malines. ) Yard *
Witt be sold only at the regular prices before 9or after 12 o'clock. Come to the morning sales for *>:
extraordinary bargains. * ;
£st err Groceries &r& r Another Gas Lamp Bargain, f;
Eight great specials in Fine Groceries and Fam- . \\f^iW/\ Best $1.25 Incandescent Gas Lamps, ♦
ily Liquors for Tuesday and Wednesday. Mr W///, 69 S ea . ch> C0 M Ple mm L cut - , 151
■* * " ' r t >wT fil''//yy^ Best 40c Mantles, fit any incandes- T ;
Low as our regular prices are in comparison "vx^TT~i u^^" cent gas lamp— price — 25c J,;
with those that you used to pay, we every day ! §§JigU|Sggg Macbeth Pearl Glass Chimneys — 10c +<
make some special cuts on standard articles. See : §=|ffsJii fs=l| A / ,-,r Q« or j^l O-f-f/>«» «
the daily list in grocery show windows. i"-^JBJIS; y opeciai Ulien J
Our new Grocery Catalogue, out this week, tells y<f/r/J^M^\s> For Tuesday and Wednesday only — t\
Our new Grocery Catalogue, out this week, tells W/mfKSSP with every purchase in this department *J
the prices that you ought to pay. (Mailed free, city i: v//^\\\v' of $3.00 or over, your choice of any one *';
or country. y v i*. of a large assortment of Fancy Globes J,'
r, .uui d i. c * *v *w a worth from 50c to $1.25 each absolutely free of co"st. 2<
Babbitt's Best Soap— for the three days, 3c a*« nn " J *
bar, or 34 for - »p>.UU ' _^ ' 2;
Cooper's Olive Oil— large size— regularly 98c Rn , . J :
bottle— for' the three days oUc - f -, 2:
Log Cabin Maple Syrup— regularly $1.25 gal- &1 no /^ 1#• f* X
lon— for the three days $J.OB L.UShIOII LiOVerS* 5"
Golden Dates — regularly 8c lb.— for the three -. ■ _ , . _ .  *".
days^ ; DC 20x20 Cushion Covers in pretty patterns of *»:
Minced Clams— "something very nice"— 1 lb. ~ n Cretonne, with ruffles — ready for the at 2£
tins— regularly 25c— for the three days ...~ cus hi O n T-DC **
Cyrus Noble Bourbon Whisky— "l Crown"— c _ . -> AX ' 7 \ Cushion Cov^s-rnkdV of' alt 'ticking 2'
quarts— regularly Si.oo— for the three days 85c . 24x24 U>usnion Rovers— made ot art ticking * ;
Hague Gin— quarts — regularly $I.oo— for the on in rich tones — machine embroidered — &>< syr . J»i
three day 5......... OUC with ruffles 85c, 95c and *P>*4>J J>
Cyrus Noble Rye Whisky-full quarts— regu- * f ft _ Art Bmbro , Department— • «
larly $1.25— the three days ~ 4>>.UDJ . First Floor— near Rotunda. .. ♦>
*
SOLDIERS TO PLAY BALL.
Minnesota Volunteers Will Engage
the Friscos for Charity.
The officials of the Pacific Coast League
are certainly taking care of the players,
so far as the money end of things is con
cerned. They held a meeting at the
Baldwin Hotel last evening and unanim
oualy agreed to give the team winning the
championship $1(XIO in cash, to be divided
among them. They also agreed to give
the team coming second Ln the race $500.
These purses do not interfere with the
money the boys derive from their pro rata
of tho receipts, and if they do their part
as well as the league management, all
concerned will surely be content.
The game Thursday between the San
Franciscos and a picked nine from the
Minnesota Volunteers wa's also dis
cussed. The entire receipts of this game
■will be turned over to the society of the
Red Cross, and as the Minnesota boys
have a crack team a great game is an
ticipated. Already a very large number
of seats has been sold, and as the gams
is for such a noble cause all lovers of tha
national pastime should turn out. The
game will be called at 2:30 p. m. sharp,
and general admission will be 25 cents.
56
TUESDAY JUNE 7, 1898
JOHN D. SPRtCK^i^Proprieto^
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU., 3. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stev«n««n Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
served by carriers In tb's city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montj)
65 cent*. _
THE WEEKLY CALL.^ nm ytOP< by mall> $1-5 °
OAKLAND OFFICE «« 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising, Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Butldtnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, epen until
9:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o"clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 253
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- W6 Eleventh
Street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9.30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin -Tsayo, Wednesday afternoon,
Columbia—" The New Domlion "
Aicazar— "The Master of Ceremonle*-"
KoroM t o > B-"Tbi- Cotton Kin*
Tlvoll— "An American Hero."
Orpheum- V;iu..i-v.i <\
The Chuteß— Zoo, Vaudeville and " Departure of the Peking.
Olympia-Corner Naaou and Eddy streets. Specialties.
fcutro Baths— Swimming,
El Campo— Music, danc.np. boatln*r, flshlnjr, every Sundar.
Press Clnb— Sale of sketches for the benefit of the Red Orose
Society, Saturday. June H. from 2 to 5 and 8 to 11 P. M.
AUCTION SALES.
By Killlp A <~o.— This day, June 7. Horses, at corner Market
Street and Van Ness avenue, at 11 o'clock.
Ey P. J. Barth— This day, June 7, Furniture, at 114 McAllister
street, at. 11 o'clccfc.
REGISTER EARLY.
ONE of the most important duties of the quali- I
fied voter is to cast a ballot at all elections.
No qualified voter can cast a ballot unless
his name is upon the register, and in order to get his
name upon the register it will be necessary for him
to devote a little time to the duty.
Central office registration is now in progress at the
City Hall, and for several weeks Registrar Biggy will
take the affidavits of all who desire to register for the
November election. No voter whose name is now
on the register will be entitled to vote unless he re
registers. An entirely new register must be prepared,
and every man who intends to vote in November
should lose no time in visiting the registration office
and enrolling his name. Precinct registration will
come along in due time, but no one should wait for
that. Register now and all danger of losing a vote
will be obviated.
Merchants, business men, professional men and
others who can leave their work for an hour should
register early. Prior to closing the central office the
Registrar will hold forth evenings for the working
classes. The classes who can spare the time should
not wait for evening registration. Register now and
avoid the crush.
Register once and vote once but do both early
should be the watchword of even* citizen.
BEAUTY OF THE TECHNICALITY.
THE fact may have been observed that ex-Dis
trict Attorney Page has been granted a stay of
proceedings. If there is anything the gentleman
wants all he has to do is to ask for it. The courts
seem to have been devised for his benefit. The won
der is that he does not ask for his liberty and a per
diem for the time he has been cruelly deprived of the
same.
Page is guilty of having stolen the money of a
ward. Concerning this point there has from the
first been no question. The first trial was recognized
as a mere formality, a method of putting known facts
on record. A verdict of guilty was quickly returned,
because any jury returning another sort of verdict
would have stamped itself as a body unfit to be out of
jail. Nevertheless Page got another trial, on a plea
so silly as to bring into just contempt the whole ma
chinery of the law.
Once more was he found guilty, and still again, and
sentenced the third time to the penitentiary, where he
belongs. At none of the trials was there the least at
tempt to set forth his innocence. Such an attempt
would have been so futile as to be ridiculous. It was
deemed better to merely block the statutes by some of
the legal quirks which have done so much to make
them sneered at as ineffective. Now Page has been
granted a stay, this also being on technical grounds,
and his prospect of serving a term he has richly
earned is as remote as ever.
We have nothing against Page as an Individual.
He is as good as any other rascal who Is no better,
but we must protest against the travesty on justice,
of which he has been the central figure for so long.
If the laws are inferior to Page, the fact might as well
be acknowledged now and the public saved, not only
the expense and humiliation of more farce, but the
smaller expense of supporting a prisoner who keeps
out of the penitentiary not by his own merit, but be
cause he does not wish to go there.
The men on board ships in action are subject to
more dangers than arise from the guns of the enemy.
The impact caused by the firing of heavy guns is ter- !
rible to undergo. It has in itself been known to be '
fatal. Doubtless it was the cause of the death of brave
Captain Gridley, a man who did his full part at Manila
to cover the American navy with glory. Gridley's i
iecord show 9 him to have been a good officer, a man !
of patriotic impulse and courage that never failed.
Although it was not given him to die in battle, he
was, nevertheless, a hero, and history will accord him
his place.
A Russian paper remarks that"America must vol
untarily submit her pretensions to a tribunal of the
powers." Yes? There are several difficulties which
at once present themselves to the thoughtful. In the
first place America is not making any "pretensions."
and in the second place an idea prevails here that for
the powers to attend to their own business would be
proper. This is our fight.
Perhaps Kasson. being from a prohibition State,
which, by the way. does not prohibit, didn't regard
the wine interests as worth thinking about. lowa
dope not drink much wine, but in a good apple year
it is death on hard cider.
It is strange that there should be necessity at this
(late for discovering a new consumption cure. If the
( ther sure cures were as beautiful in practice as in
theory there would now remain no tuberculosis on
which to try the latest
CAN THE PARTY TRUST IT?
THE Examiner is a ceaseless schemer. Not long
ago it laid a scheme to get possession of the
Democratic State Committee by expelling from
that body all members who had not paid a certain
onerous assessment put upon them in 1896. In that
year the Federal office-holders joined the Nonpungle
Club and deafened their ears to the cry of the com
mittee for pocket money. In addition to this sorrow
it was discovered that the non-office holding mem
bers of the party, loved of the Lord as cheerful givers
to campaign funds, had not moved off the old plat
form, but stood still as National Democrats on the
Indianapolis declaration. In this financial emergency,
while the clouds of defeat lowered and there was not a
bit of the root of all evil on hand to pry them up
withal, the members of the State Committee were
assessed. Some paid and more than a third did not.
Now, in mousing around for a way to steal the
committee, the Examiner found this unpaid assess
ment and discovered that the delinquents were mostly
members it desired to get rid of. Immediately the
theory appeared that a committeeman who had not
paid a personal assessment became ineligible and the
committee could fill his place.
As members of the committee were appointed by
definite constituencies, and as payment of assess
ments was not put among the qualifications and con
ditions precedent to their appointment, in all fairness
delinquency in that respect could not affect a man's
right to remain on the committee. The scheme was
a trifle too rank and died of its own stench.
Since then the Examiner has been sneaking for a
way to get a cinch on the party, and has succeeded in
carrying the plan for appointment of the San Fran
cisco City Committee by the State Committee, and
for the election of delegates to the State convention
and the nomination of a city ticket by that city com
mittee of one hundred.
Now the Examiner declares that the Democratic
party of this city cannot be trusted to hold an open
primary and that its affairs must be conducted by the
State Committee through its trustees, the city com
mittee of one hundred.
A party takes on largely the character of its public
adviser and advocate. The Examiner has been for
years the self-elected guide, philosopher and friend
of the Democracy. That. party has had no other, and
now the teacher makes public proclamation that his
pupils are not fit to be trusted to vote in an open pri
mary for delegates to the State and city conventions!
Yet when Democratic State and city tickets are put
in the field the Examiner will exhaust what it calls
argument to persuade the people that a party which
it declares is too dishonest to hold a primary is fit
to be trusted with the government of the State and
city!*
We think better of the party than it would deserve
if the Examiner were a decent paper and its judgment
deserving of respect. The fact is that the Democratic
party in this city is bucked and gagged by the Ex
aminer gang because, if left free to manage its own
affairs, none of that gang could get recognition from
it. It is a high-handed disfranchisement of a party
by a newspaper, because the newspaper cannot con
trol the party.
We will see what will come of this. Republicans
are too free-minded and free-handed to stand such
wholesale disfranchisement. Their confidence in the
people canonizes against taking power away from
them.. If the people are to vote a ticket they must
have a voice in its nomination.
A fit rebuke of the Examiner tactics will be. to
leave the committee of one hundred to vote the ticket
it will nominate, while men who desire to be free go
fishing on election day.
If the Examiner cannot trust the Democratic party
how can the party trust the Examiner?
WHERE WE ARE WEAK-
BY sharp and impressive lessons the war with
Spain has taught us the importance of enlarg
ing our navy, and Congress has already taken
steps in that direction. There is another lesson taught
by the war which has not been so readily learned. It
is the importance of enlarging our merchant marine.
Congress has as yet done nothing to accomplish that,
and may do nothing during the present session.
Events now occurring make it evident that our
weakness at sea is due not so much to a lack of war
ships as of merchant ships. It has been with the
greatest difficulty the Government has obtained ves
sels to transport troops to the Philippines. Moreover
we have been handicapped in obtaining men for our
navy by reason of a lack of trained sailors in the mer
chant service.
In a recent address at a London banquet the Hon.
Gibson Bowles, a member of Parliament, in speaking
of "Our mercantile marine and state-aided competi
tion," said: "No industry is at all comparable in im
portance with shipping. We might lose all our man
ufactures and all our agriculture, but if we can only
keep the carrying trade of the world in the hands of
our own people this country will still be the biggest
| country of the world and the necessary center through
I which the traffic of other countries must pass."
That is the estimate which intelligent Englishmen
place upon the merchant marine of their country.
Nor is the estimate exaggerated. We pay to Great
Britain a large tribute annually for carrying our pro-
I duce across the ocean, and thus are deprived of a
large portion of our profits. In this way we suffer an
i economic loss in time of peace as well as engender a
! weakness on the sea in time of war. We need more
vessels to carry on our foreign commerce, and we
need more also to transport our troops to points
' across the ocean where the emergencies of battle call
, them.
We have now built up in this country a nation with
a world-wide commerce and with world-wide respon
sibilities. We are engaged in a world-wide war and
,we feel the need of a world-wide sea power. That
power cannot be built upon a navy alone. A fleet of
'■ merchant ships is as necessary as a fleet of battle
ships. It is time to begin in earnest the extension of
j our merchant marine, and to that end Congress
; should at once provide such legislation as may be
! needed to protect and promote American industry on
| the sea as carefully as thnt on land.
An evening paper has something to say about
■ "Colonel" Bryan. Why the quotation marks? Many
opposed the appointment of Mr. Bryan, and yet, hay
; ing received his commission, his title does not call
for quotation marks any more than the title of any
! body else called from civil life does. Civility to the
volunteers is a popular and proper rule now.
Whenever American guns are turned against the
Spanish survivors among the latter send out word
that the firing did no harm. This is more than
mere whistling in a graveyard. It is whistling before
there has been a chance to make the necessary graves.
The first attack upon the ladies of the Red Cross
came from a source whence it might have been ex
pected. There is no necessity for naming it. Only
one daily paper in the world, or possibly two, could
have been guilty of an act so silly and brutal
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1898.
\JI ILITARY attaches of foreign Governments
/ \ who are now with our armies and fleets
* * studying the war are quoted as expressing
admiration and something of astonishment at two of
our accomplishments. The first is the rapidity with
which the volunteer army has been raised and the
second the accuracy of our gunners.
It is the second point which has been the more
deeply impressive. With their large standing armies
ready for war the military experts of Europe are not
disquieted by the readiness of our young men to vol
unteer. There is nothing in that fact at all threaten
ing to them in case of a war with us. It is different,
however, with the marksmanship of our artillerists.
In the extraordinary skill of our gunners every Euro
pean military expert sees a superiority in war that is
full of warning for any power that might be pitted
against us.
Great Britain is our good friend in this crisis, and
hopes for a permanent friendship if not an alliance
with us, but even in Great Britain the accuracy of the
fire of our fleets has been noted with a surprise which
is not wholly pleased. The London Globe, for ex
ample, in commenting upon the war in a recent issue,
said the engagements at Manila and San Juan have
served to emphasize in the most startling manner the
advantage of superior marksmanship in naval war
fare. It asserts that this shows a "national danger"
for Great Britain, and says:
"Though our navy (the English) is wonderfully
efficient in every other respect, there can be no deny
ing the fact that the records of gun practice in it are
most unsatisfactory, indeed deplorable. There is no
getting away from the figures presented in the annual
reports of firing, and the merest tyro in naval matters
can understand from an examination of them the sig
nificant proportion of misses to hits. The fact is that
not anything like enough attention is given by the
Admiralty to the vital question of gunnery. The cap
tains of guns in a man-of-war are the most valuable
men in the ship; and, indeed, it is no exaggeration to
say that the fate of the empire one day may depend
upon the marksmanship of a few hundred men."
This statement from a British source is praise of a
high order, and will be flattering to our pride. It is
no slight thing to have performed feats that make
Great Britain doubtful of the invincible superiority of
her mighty navy. In our Civil War the deeds of the
Merrimac and the Monitor taught England that she
must reconstruct her fleets, and it now appears that
the achievements of our gunners are to teach her
that even her armor-clad battle-ships are worthless
unless she can man them with gunners equal to those
who handle the big guns under the American flag.
. Modern war is, in fact, developing along lines in
which the American holds an acknowledged super
iority in the world. The more victory becomes a
matter of mechanical skill and scientific accuracy the
more potent will be the United States. No other race
equals us in such accomplishments. We excel in
constructing machines and in handling them. If
other nations are to be matches for us in this respect
it is time for them to begin practicing.
EVIDENCES OF DAFTNESS.
THE war is evidently affecting the nerves of our
esteemed but eloquent contemporary, the Chron
icle. On any other theory it is impossible to
comprehend many of its recent poetic attempts. On
Sunday morning it poised its wings for a lony flight,
and began a column of drivel thus: "Watching from
the overlooking heights the great ship that sailed out
through the Golden Gate — out into the eye of the sun
with the waning day, with all its decks swarming
with armed men, and all the shores aflame with salut
ing banners — to every observer must have come the
thought that all this brave pomp of martial emprise
on a Western shore of the New World; this ship,
filled, like the Trojan horse, with strong-armed men
who were to pass within the walls and open the gates
of the Orient; this thunder of guns, this loud acclaim
of voices, all was very like a dream, or, if a reality, it
was the apocalypse of more momentous events, which
time had ripened for a coming and which it was not
within the power of human hands to stay."
The drift of this waxy-winged soar is not even
made clear by the caption. What does the Chronicle
mean by calling it "The Sailing of the Ship"? If
reference is made to the departure of the Peking,
City of Sydney and Australia with the Manila ex
peditionary forces it is wrong; there were three ships.
Further on the Chronicle speaks of a "departing
Argos" and a ship having ribs of "Dodonian oak,"
upon whose deck stride "demigods" bound for a "new
Colchis." This is all blind and unsatisfactory. The
ships which left for Manila were made of steel. They
did not go on a treasure-hunting expedition, and no
demigods bestrode their decks. The armed men who
filled those Trojan sea-saw "hosses" were bent on
"wah" — and it was not their fault that they were com
pelled to sail into the "eye of the sun." What would
our contemporary have them do? Sail into the ear
of the sun?
We cannot make out exactly whether this "Sailing
of the Ship" is intended as a Government roast or
not. The Chronicle's nerves have evidently been so
affected by the oratorical possibilities of the war that
it is unable to express itself clearly. If its intention
is to abuse the Government for sending troops to
Manila we trust that it will come out and say s,o in
unmistakable terms. Talleyrand declared that lan
guage was given to man so that he might conceal his
thoughts. But language was not conferred upon the
Chronicle for any such purpose. We demand that it
express itself. This thing of giving aid and comfort
to the enemy in column editorials which no human
being can understand approaches very close* to trea
son. During the Civil War the Examiner was mobbed
for seditious utterances. Our contemporary should
recall the Examiner's subsequent career and beware.
If the Chronicle intended its column of drivel to
pass as. "reflections" upon the departure of the ex
peditionary forces it should have said so. It is fre
quently dangerous to print editorials without accom
panying diagrams, and it is always dangerous for the
Chronicle to do so. Birds which attempt to fly before
the development of their wings usually wind up in a
mud puddle. It is so with immature journalistic
poets and orators'. In the absence of a diagram we
have construed "The Sailing of the Ship" to be a
Government roast. We venture to say that ninety
nine out of every hundred of our contemporary's sane
readers will so construe it. Those of its subscribers
who reside in asylums for the insane will rejoice to
know that the editor is soon to rejoin them.
There will be a readiness to believe that the South
Dakota soldier arrested as a burglar was simply on a
little spree, where many a good soldier had been be
fore him, and had no idea of robbing. The boys from
the "Bad Lands" should beware of Barbary Coast
whisky.
It is a little tough on Dr. Rottanzi to have got his
picturesque Manila togs and then be ordered to Santa
Cruz. But Santa Cruz is a pretty good place after all.
and the doctor, by wearing the new togs there, can
make himself the cynosure of summer beauty's eyes.
AMERICAN GUNNERS.
STILL GIVEN TO LYING.
The Idiotic Boasting of the Bulletin Results
in a Humiliating Exposure.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE CALL: I have just
read the Bulletin's boast that it "beat" all other papers
in announcing the news that General Merritt had been
appointed Military Governor of the Philippine Islands.
It prints a list of papers, more or less obscure, which
gave the Bulletin credit for this news, and complains
that "everywhere but in San Francisco the Bulletin
received credit and was recognized as the source of
the information." That the Bulletin did not receive
such recognition in San Francisco was because the
newspapers and the people knew that it secured its
dispatch from The Call's bulletin board. I wired that
bulletin to The Call at 3P.M. on May 1 1, and it was
posted at the Call office at 12:15, San Francisco time.
The Bulletin not only stole this important item of
news from The Call's board, but was careless
enough not to cover up its theft by changing the dic
tion. C. C. CARLTON,
Call Correspondent at Washington.
WASHINGTON, May j«.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
W. J. Hussey and wife are at the Cali
fornia.
Dr. E. H. Smith of Santa Clara is at
the Grand.
J. A. Whitmore of Redlands Is a guest
at the Grand.
H. W. Patton of Los Angeles Is stopping
at the Grand.
James A. Crulkßhank of New York Is
at the Palace.
J. M. Ward, the well-known cattleman,
is at the Russ.
C. E. Sherman of Santa Barbara is at
the California.
W. M. Thompson and wife have returned
from the East.
J. Parrutia of Guatemala Is a guest at
the Occidental.
An Identity of
names has been
the cause of both
tragedy and com
edy in the history
of human affairs.
Here is a story
v w v w.w_«r,~. w.w w hlch comes un
der the category of the- latter: George
W. Jackson, the superintendent of the
Sacramento Gas Works, is at present
stopping at the Palace. When Mr. Jack
son left Sacramento. Mrs. Jackson ac
companied him, and it was understood
that neither business nor care of any kind
was to interfere with the pleasures which
they had mapped out for the entire trip.
One night last week Mrs. Jackson, burn
ing with expectations of a shopping tour,
had made an appointment with her hus
band to meet him in the Oriental room
of the Palace and they were then to make
the rounds of the dry goods establish
ments, together. Mrs. Jackson was there
true to the preconcerted plans, but i the
tardy husband was not. Visions of rib
bons and silks and chiffons kept assail
ing the retina of Mrs. Jackson's eyes until
past endurance. Patience had ceased to
be a virtue, and the anxiety tugging away
at Mrs. Jackson's heart strings was great,
so she left word at the office of the hotel
that if her husband, George W. Jackson,
should come in he would find her at the
White House.
there are
jacksons and
jacksons.
Soon after leaving the office, a George
W. Jackson did come In, but it was a
George W. Jackson of Philadelphia. He
sauntered up to the desk and asked the
clerk for his key, when he was told that
his wife was watting for him at the White
House. "The you say," was the re
ply, accompanied with breath-shaking a«
tonißhment. "I left my wife in Philadel
phia just before coming out here." The
clerk was uncompromising, and persisted
in denials until the Philadelphia Mr. Jack
son was reduced to a state of doubt, and
then he was lost. Inquiring the locality
of the dry goods business, he fairly flew
over the stonea until he reached the
place. A careful search for his
spouse proved fruitless in results, and
Mr. Jackson returned to the hotel a sad
der if not a wiser mbti.
A consultation was then held, the regis
ter examined, and light was discovered
where darkness reigned before.
C. N. Beal, engineer contractor, is stay
ing at the Palace.
The Vicomte and Vicomtesse d'Audigne
of Paris are at the Palace.
Ralph Roser-.thal has left for the East.
He will be gone two months.
W. W. Leake of Dallas, Texas, arrived
last night and is stopping at the Palace.
Marion Biggs Jr., a wealthy land owner
of Oroville, is at the Grand for a short
vacation.
Governor Smith and H. G. Burton, U. S.
A., of the National Soldiers' Home at
Santa Monica, are at the California,
Rev. C. R. Lamar of San Jose and W. A.
Booker of Mountain View are at the Rubs
for a few days to attend a religious con
ference.
C. W. Whlpple, chief of ordnance, ar
rived last night from Connecticut, and
will remain at the Occidental until he
joins the army at Richmond.
BALLY AGAIN.
To arms! to arms', la now the cry.
Throughout our Fatherland,
And partiots' hearts are beating high
At sound of the command.
See! how they answer to the call
As did their sires of old.
Each one prepared to yield his all,
His blood, his life, his gold.
No party now! In this broad land.
No Xorth or South Is known;
All, all, as one together stand,
Each makes the call his own.
The workman drops the tools he plied,
The clerk lays down his pen;
And students cast their books aside.
No longer boys, but men.
They rally round the flag we love.
Its prestige to maintain.
Resolved that It shall wave above
The tyrant flag of Spain.
B. J. SMITH.
THE TEST OF GENIUS.
Genius is the capacity to do things.
That is why we call Napoleon and Far
ragut and Nelßon and Paul Jones and
George Washington geniußes. That is
why in this war we have added Dewey
to the list.
There was a Spanish fleet in the Philip
pines. Dewey was ordered to find it and
smash it. With the least possible delay
he found it and smashed it.
The country is waiting now for some
other men to enroll their names in the
list of geniuses.
Admiral Sampson, Commodore Schley
and Commodore Watson have under their
control much greater fleets than Dewey's,
while the Spanish fleet which they are
set to catch is greatly inferior to their
own.
If they promptly do something: decisive
to that fleet we shall recognize them as
geniuses. But we are now wearily quot
ing Omar Khayyam:
How long, how long In Infinite pumult?
—New York World.
GIVE PRAISE TO ALL.
To the Editor of The Call-Dear Sir: I
When a general or admiral wins a battle
why is if that all the credit is given to
the one in command? Did not the gallant
tars under Dewey fight as bravely as an
officer? We hear only of brave Dewev;
seldom are his brave , men mentioned.
All praise to Dewey and his men, not
forgetting the poor stokers who feed the
furnaces; they are as brave as the men
at the guns; they are in as great dan
ger and more so than any man on the !
ship. Hobson is a hero to volunteer to |
sink the Merrimac as he did; also so were I
the brave men who volunteered to go !
m ,v £ l Th y wore as true heroes as j
fh l hrn the m ' ble nd. yet we hear only
h « M f. c HobßOn - It should be "Hobspn :
fv Jl'i brj ? men - " The >- were all equal- !
nlfmv «# *l he Same metal and there is '
nl™s ?♦ < the same ln our navy a-nd !
tl 5 " ™Ul 6tran P but true that there i
fn fp m tlOn on the lobe that is made
up from so many nationalities as the
itUlf Jl ', an ? yet they fl ht for the I
w♦* l he ad °P tlo n with the same dar- I
J.nf,nt« at they would for their mother
country. America is destined to be the
™™ eS * na » ? 11 n the &lobe ln "me to !
?h?hnm°i" II l £ e land of tne free and S
tne home of the brave.
.„ , J. H. GOETSCHE.
Ban Francisco, June 5. 1898. i
GUILE IN DISGUISE.
I Mother-Why didn't you prevent him
from kissing you? Why diun't you call
me? (Reflectively). But I suppose it was
all over too soon?
Daughter (with a far-away look)— Yes,
mother; it was over too soon.— Puck.
Many a husband is lost In wonder as he !
reflects that the glowing hand which \
spanks his children and serves up his ;
cabbage is the very same hand which he
used to write sonnets about and which |
he never kissed without a sense of rever- j
ence amounting to rapture.— Roxbury Ga
zette. '
She (anxiously)— Tell me quickly, dear
est, what was papa's answer? Did he
smile on your suit?
He (bitterly)— Smile! He simply roared
with laughter.
She— The idea!— Tit-Bits.
Suitor (to her younger brother)— Come,
you ought to know; is there any chance
for me?
Brother— Oh. you are all right. That
isn't what's troubling Mame. She's won
dering if there' 9 any chance for her.—
Boston Transcript.
"Your husband Is so amiable."
"Yes, he acts that way In public so
people will think the baby takes after
me."— Chicago Record-
Mr. Sparkle— What an admirer of you
Joe Pumpling is. I never see him that he
doesn't congratulate me on having such
a beautiful or such a young-looking wife.
Mrs. Sparkle— What a foolish fellow Joe
always was!
Mr. Sparkle— By the way, I promised to
meet him at the club this evening. If you
don't object to my going out.
Mrs. Sparkle— Oh, not at all. I want to
run over to the Johnsons anyway, and I
know you wouldn't enjoy it there.—Chi
cago News.
MEANING OF THE FLAG.
The Boston Herald did not copyright
its famous idea that the American flag
is nothing in particular but a piece of
bunting— any other rag would be as good.
So there are mugwump philosophers and
papers of the decadent style which freely
preach the same doctrine. They make
small headway.
He is a poor fool who holds his coun
try's flag in no higher esteem than these
do. Those of them who unfortunately
dwell among us should have been at
Quonset Point yesterday afternoon and
heard the eloquent words of General
Ames in presenting the colors to the new
regiment. He did not waste any. They
all told. Additional interest was given
them by the recollection that he, in 1861,
received for his regiment a set of colors
and President Lincoln said to him:
"Young man, guard these colors as you
would the honor of your mother. Fight
for them, and, if needs be, die for them,
for should they fall free government will
disappear from off the face of the earth.
Injustice and oppression will continue to
reign; right, liberty and peace will have
no abiding place among men."
Oh! The flag does mean something To
every man who is not a thing of shoddy,
heart and aoul, body and brains, it means'
all that is worth living and working for
and dying for.— Providence (R. I.) Tele
gram.
THE PRESIDENT'S ENDURANCE.
We recall that during the Presidential
campaign a good many Democratic edi
torial writers entertained grave doubts of
the ability of William McKinley to stand
the strain to which he was subjected.
They hinted pretty strongly that his ago
was against him; that his physical forces
were not what a President of the United
States should possess. They are keeping
a profound silence on that point nowadays
and wisely. The power of endurance
shown by President McKinley has aston
ished even those persons who were most
intimately acquainted with him and who
thought they knew the full limit of his
physical abilities.
From the day that he became the nomi
nee for President his life has been one of
i great activity, and for many months he
i has been subjected to a mental and phys-
I ical strain that would have sent many
j younger men to bed unfit for work, but he
i appears to be as well balanced mentally
and as strong physically to-day as he was
two years ago when leading a compara
tively quiet and peaceful life. — Trenton
(N. J.) Gazette.
SOUTHERN BATTLE ABBE--.
The Richmond (Va.) Times publishes
the call by General J. B. Gordon to the
camps of Confederate veterans to raise
funds for the building of a Battle Abbey
"In which shall be gathered relics to tell
the world, and especially our children's
children to the remotest generation, of
the valor and deeds of our comrades, the
soldiers of the South, and of our noble
women, who, amid unparalleled sacri
fices, cheered and sustained us during the
storm of war; and in which shall be pre
served, in archive records, tue true his
tory of our Southland, of her statesmen,
her armies and navy, of her battles, her
victories and her defeats."
At the last reunion of the Confederate
veterans a resolution was adopted calling
upon each camp to subscribe to this glo
rious purpose in proportion to its mem
bership. Each camp of thirty members
was asked to raise not less than $o: each
camp of fifty members, not less than $10;
each camp of one hundred members, not
less than $15. and- each camp of two hun
dred or more members, not less than $25.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
McKINLEY'S CABINET— Subscriber,
Stockton, Ca!. The following named
compose the Cabinet of President McKin
ley: William R.Day, Secretary of State;
Lyman T. Gage, Secretary of the Treas
ury; Russell A. Aiger, Secretary of War;
John W. Griggs, Attorney-General;
Charles Emory Smith. Postmaster-Gen
eral; John D. Long. Secretary of the
Navy; Cornelius N. Bliss, Secretary pC
the Interior; James Wilson. Secretary of
Agriculture. ._
MOVING TROOPS— W. J. S.. City. The
President of the United States is not sub
ject to the orders of Congress in regard
to the movement of troops. He derives
his power to move troops by the author
ity of the Constitution, which declares
that "the President shall be commander
in-chief of the army and navy of the
United States, and of the militia of the
several States when called into the actual
service of the United States. 1 '
ARMY AND NAVY— A Native Son,
Turlock, Cal. There is no way to deter
mine how many men the United States
could put into the army and navy. There
are in the United States about 15,000,000
men of militia acre, but it is probable
that not more than 10.000,000 would be
qualified for service. How many of that
number would volunteer is something
that no one can tell, but if it came to an
invasion of the country by a foreign foe,
and there was a general call for defense,
it is more than likely that nearly all of
the available men would offer their serv
ices.
GENERAL LEE'S SWORD— S., City.
When General Lee surrendered to Grant
at the house of farmer McLean, at Ap
pomattox, on the 9th of April, 1865. he did
not surrender his sword, nor was it de
manded of him. While Grant was writing
the stipulations of surrender he looked at
Lee, who sat opposite to him, and notic
ing his sword, altered the terms of the
provisions, in that he inserted that
officers should be allowed to retain their
side arms, horses and personal property.
Lee was perceptibly moved when, on read
ins: the terms, he noticed the interpola
tion, which meant so much to the soldier.
MAIL TO ST. MICHAEL— ChIco. Cal.
The Postal Department has regular days
to send mail to St. Michael. Letters that
go from San Francisco are sent to Seattle
and from there assorted for northern
points. All that you have to do is to
drop your letter in your local postoffiee
and the authorities will attend to the
forwarding. It is not necessary to in
dorse the letter "via San Francisco."
Letters that are sent so as to reach Se
attle by the 14th of each month for north
ern points will be forwarded on the 15th.
Mail will also be sent as often as pos
sible when there is opportunity to send
by reliable vessels.
POISON OAK AGAlN— Another corre
spondent writing from Coulterville. com
menting upon the remedy for poison oak
suggested by another correspondent, says
that "the" remedy is that recommended
by the United States Department of Agri
culture, which is alcohol BO to 75 per cent
pure, containing as much sugar of lead
as will dissolve in it. The year book of
that department says: "The milky fluid
should be well rubbed into the affected
skin, and the operation repeated several
times during the course of a few days.
The itching is at once relieved and the
further progress of the malady checked.
The remedy has been tried in a large
number of cases and has always proved,
successful, but it must be remembered
that it is itself a poison when taken into
the mouth." The correspondent adds
that as the poison from the poison oak
is itself an oil, one can readily see that
any unctuous application would spread
it. He also suggests that the clothing of
the patient should be changed dally, that
he may not take up the poison that has
been rubbed on to his clothing from hia
affected skin.
DISPOSITION OF PROPERTY— D. E.
P., City. Upon the death of the wife the
entire community property in California
goes to the surviving husband without
administration, except such portion
thereof as may have been set apart by
judicial decree for her support and maln
i tenance. That is subject to her testa
mentary disposition and goes to her
i descendants and heirs exclusive of her
husband.
In case a wife haa separate property,
dies without making a will and leaves no
issue, one-half of the property goes to
the surviving husband and the other half
in equal shares to the father and mother
of the decedent. If either the father or
mother is dead, the half that would have
devised to that one who died goes to the
survivor also. If neither father nor mother
mother Is living the property goes to
brothers and sisters and children of de
ceased brothers or sisters by right of
representation in equal shares. If there
is neither issue, father, mother, brothers
or sisters or children of deceased brothers
or sisters, the whole goes to the surviv
ing husband. If none of the heirs enum
erated are living the property goes to the
next of kin.
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special . information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
By and by, it is said, General Fitzhuph
Lee will be offered the presidency of the
Texas State Agricultural and Mechanical
College at Bryan, which has been vacant
for some time. There are forty applicants
for the position, and their eager rivalry
has prevented the choice of any one of
them. They will all withdraw in favor of
Lee.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold. In
cluding berths, meals and trip ' through the
Park. Send tor circular giving rate and Itiner
ary to T. K. STATEL.ER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway. 638 Market St.. S. F.
Dewey is a temperance man and knows what
Dr. Stegert's Angostura Bitters did to brae*
htm up at Manila.
Sarel Eloff, President Krueger's
nephew, who visited England to give evi
dence at the Jameson trial, and after his
return to the Transvaal caused a disturb-
ance at Kruegersdorp, and was repri
manded by his uncle for insulting the
Queen, has now been appointed first lieu
tenant of one of the Johannesburg forts,
with a salary of £300 a year and an al
lowance of 2 shillings 6 pence per day for
rations.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other brand.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
FtOVAI BAKINQ POWOEW PP., HW VQWCMERRITT CHAFES AT DELAY
He Explaios but
Does Not Criti
cize.
Words of Commendation
for the Troops Com
prising rjis Com
n)and.
THE blanks necessary for the en
rollment and muster In of Califor
nia's quota of troops under the
6econd call have been forwarded
from Washington to the Adjutant-
General of the State and will probably
be here the latter part of this week.
It Is now surmised that only infan
trymen are required. Orders are out
to recruit to the maximum of 106 per
company all the companies mustered
into the service of the United States
from California. Recruiting stations
will be established in this city, Oak
land, San Jose, Stockton, Fresno, Sac
ramento and other places. After the
existing organizations are recruited to
the maximum, less than 800 men will
be needed to fill the quota under the
second i a 11.
Tho eight companies of the Bixth In
fantry will be recruited to the maxi
mum strength of 106 to a company and
four muie companies may be added to
give full regimental strength of three
battalions. Governor Budd and Ad
jutant-General Barrett were not pre
pared to say yesterday whether orders
would be issued to add another bat
talion to the Sixth.
The impression may exist that Cal
ifornia is not making haste to respond
to the second call, but when the facts
are brought to light it will be clearly
that the military authorities at
Washington are responsible for the
going methods. The orders re
ceived from the War Department are
(.'•nfusing and conflicting. The Gov
ernor is yet to be informed whether
the President desires the quota under
the second call to be all infantry, or
Borne infantry organizations and other
organizations of artillery and cavalry.
The Governor has told the War Depart
ment that he could supply the United
States with three troops of cavalry and
?<>me day the department may reply to
his suggestion.
A letter from Stockton to The Call
takes the prround that the Sixth Infan
try has been ignored, humiliated and
<i over as if the troops never ex-
It is said that the men had
drawn up a petition to General Iterrltt
asking that they be sent to the Philip
pines and that the petition was
promptly ordered destroyed by their
coloneL The Call ascertains from Col
onel Johnson that there is no truth in
this report. The Sixth California hns
not been assigned to Major General
Merritt'fl forces. The regiment is on
duty in the Department of California
under General Merriam, who enter
tains a high regard for the troops. One
company of the Sixth has already been
-nod to the important duty of gar
risoning Alratraz Island, and no doubt
other companies will be assigned to
service of an Important character.
When military necessity demands the
men of thi^ regiment may be sent to
Manila. Havana. San Juan or Santiago.
Meanwhile Colonel Johnson proposes
to obey orders and make no sugges
to the commanding general.
•:;ji Greene, who, according to
current gossip, may bt- placed in com
mand of the next brigade ordered to
Manila, wns in dose consultation yes
v morning with General Merritt
ami General Merriam.
' The Fifty-first lowa Volunteer
United State-? Infantry left Dps Moinea
ttday. Tht- train, runninK in three
.s, may arrive at Oetien to-night
and K'-i here Thursday. Tht- regiment
had a KT'-at sf-n>l-'ilY at D Bfoines, and
the demonstration was repeated at
Council Muffs. Arrangements will be
made by th" ladies of the Red cross
ty ''I give the lowa volunteers a
fitting reception on their arrival in San
Francisco. According to advices re
ceived yt-.sterday three trains carrying
Tennessee volunteers passed through
Ban Antonio, Tex., early yeßterday
morning.
It was said by one of the officers at
General M'-rritt's headquarters at a
late hour ye^U'rday afternoon that the
rv-xt expedition to Manila would sail
for the Philippines on next Saturday.
The officer who gave out the Informal
tion is in a position to know of what
talking 1 . Fn>m other sources the
ii, formation was obtained that the fleet
would not Bail before next Monday.
There Is joy in the Seventh California
Regiment, for from a report that leaked
out at headquarters late last night it
Is now l«-arn<*d that the soldiers from
the southern part of the State will cer
tainly go to Manila. When the Oregon
volunteers left there remained behind
them several of their men who were
sick with the measles. They were tem
porarily attached to the Seventh, nnd
uhm tlvy wore fit for duty Colonel
Berry reported such fact to General
otls. who iss'K-'l orders that the men
should join the Tenth Pennsylvania
Regiment, as that was one of the next
to go to Manila. Th^re was also left
behind one of the men of the First Cal
ifornia Regiment, wh<-> was sick when
th*' Ban Francisco boys sailed, and
when Colonel Kerry reported to General
Otis that the man had recovered, he
v as Instructed to take care of him. as
t] 1f > poiilier wrvuld be sent with the Sev
' nth to Manila to Join his command.
It Is positively known that the order
rend thnt the Seventh would go to the
Philippines. _
v. s. cavalry arrives.
Troop E of the Fourth Comes
From Vancouver and Is
at the Presidio.
Tronp F,. Fourth T'nltfd States Cavalry,
arrived fmin Vancouver Barracks yes
terday and Joined the squadron of four
troops of tho same regiment at the Pre-
sidio.
Tn«>p E numbers fifty-five men, includ
ing Captain H. J. MoGrath and Second
Lieutenant L- Eltfflge. It HtarU-d from
• Vancouver with its horses last Saturday
and reached O.fklnnd about 10 a. m.
yesterday. The special train bearing
horses and men was run Into the Peralta
street yard and brought across the bay
on the freight boat, landing at the foot
of Second street shortly after noon.
The commissary department of the
Re«l Cross Society waa on hand to wel
come the troopers, who appreciated the i
ministrations of the ladies to the fullest
exU*t. Breakfast, consisting of travel- !
ing rations, had been issued at an ex- i
ceedingly early hour and the men were
In a condition to make way with every- '•
thing placed before them. Dinner and
the unloading of the horses and equip
age occupied fully two hours, so it was
nearly 3 o'clock when the men mounted i
and started out for the reservation.
The troop was escorted to the slope !
Just south and to the west of the new '
brick barracks, where saddles were re- i
moved and the horses turned loose to i
roam at will over the immense reserva- j
tion. And how they enjoyed them- i
selves. When their bridles were slipped
they were off like a flash up the hill, roll-
Ing and limbering up after their forty
eight hours' confinement In the cars. The i
men were marched over to one of the
barracks, where supper was awaiting
them, after which they returned and !
pitched camp on the slope where they
had halted. All the stables at the Pre
■idlo are full, so the animals will have i
to be staked out, but as the artillery bat
taliona have gone Into camp the men
Will probably be assigned to quarters in
one of the barracks to-day.
Troop G of the Fourth is expected !
down from Walla Walla in a few days
which will make half the regiment' '
Their headquarters will be at the Pre- I
sidio. As the new troops are bringing
their horses the officers at the post take
It to mean that if they are ordered to
Manila they will take their mounts with
them.
WELCOME PAYMASTER.
Money Disbursed to the Troops
at Camp Merritt.
The second expedition to Manila will sail
from San Francisco to the Phlllpines next
Monday. It will be composed of the First
Colorado and Tenth Pennsylvania regi
ments, the Utah I,ight Battery and one
battalion from the Twenty-third and
Eig-hteenth Infantry. The troops will go
on the Zealandia, Colon and China.
Regarding the date when the expedition
would sail, it has been repeatedly stated
by The Call that the soldiers could not
possibly get away to-day, despite the or
der to that effect. All of the various com
manders going on the next expedition
stated yesterday that their respective
commands would be ready to-day, but
such 1b not the case.
FTom a prominent officer who is very
close at headquarters I learned that the
next expedition would sail from this port
on next Monday. It is stated that the
vessels cannot be got ready before that
time. General Otis was not to be seen
yesterday, and General Miller and the j
An Artist's Study of Scenes and Happenings at Camp Merritt,
difforent regimental and battalion com- .
munders declared that they knew nothing
of the day upon which the troops would :
sail.
Camp Merritt was $40,000 richer last j
night than it was when the sun arose at '•
reveille. The Twenty-third and Eight
eenth Infantry were paid for two months. {
Acting under an order from General Mer- I
rttt, Major Charles H. WHlpple and Major
Diaries E. Kllbourne paid off the two
regiment* of regulars. Major Whlpple I
paid the Twenty-third and Major Kil- j
bourne the Eighteenth. To-day the First |
Colorado and Tenth Pennsylvania will be :
paid The two paymasters came to camp
und ' bmiight the money in two hacks. .
They were accompanied by mounted es
corts. The two batteries of Utah Light
Artillery are Included in the order of
troops to be paid, and thej> will also re
eelvfl their money to-day.
The two Idaho battalions and the Thlr- j
teenth Minnesota Regiment were inspect
ed in heavy marching order yesterday by ;
Colonel Hughes and Captain Mallory.
Lieutenant A. W. Klmball, quarter- j
THE BAN FBANCISCO CAX.L,, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1898.
GENERAL MERRITT ON THE
SHORTAGE OF TRANSPORTS
The Chief of the Manila Expedition Makes a Plain Statement With
out Criticism of the War Department.
The sailing date of the second expedition to the Philippines has not yet been decided upon. It Is safe to say
that the three transports now engaged and in preparation for the voyage to Manila will not be able to sail until
some time next week. The troops for this expedition will all be fully equipped before that time. The trouble
with the forwarding of re-enforcements to Dewey is owing to a lack of proper transportation facilities, which
will be remedied as soon as possible. A dispatch from Washington says that two regiments now in San Fran
cisco are said to be so poorly equipped that General Merritt, commanding the Philippine expeditionary forces,
refuses to take them. In reply to inquiries in regard to this statement and other matters General Merritt last
evening said:
"There is no truth in the statement that I have refused to take any troops that have
been sent here or have been offered to me. lam exceedingly well pleased with the material.
It is just about as good as there is in this country. Of course there is room for improvement
in discipline and drill, which will come in time. It must be remembered that these troops are
new. I have the word of officers who have seen other troops in the country, and they say
that the forces now here average up as well as those of any command that has been organ
ized since the breaking out of the war with Spain.
"So far as the equipment of the troops is concerned, that is a matter that is easily ar
ranged. All the troops destined for Manila will be fully equipped as fast as the resources of the
War Department will permit. These troops will be completely outfitted long before the
transports are ready, so that there will be no trouble or delay in that respect.
"My only complaint now is the delay in the furnishing of transports. I have repre
sented to the War Department that the transports are coming in very slowly. After I make
the shipment of troops contemplated by the three vessels — the China, Colon and Zealan
dia — I will have forwarded to the Philippines but one-fourth of the command. The want of
transports is the crying want of the expedition. Twenty thousand men are to be sent to
Manila. The three vessels which I have just mentioned will carry only about 2500. There
are now on the way across the Pacific 2500 troops, so you can easily see the situation. Ido
not wish to be understood as making any complaint or any criticism of the War Department.
lam merely making a statement of facts in reply to your inquiries. I think the War Depart
ment is doing everything in its power to facilitate the rapid movement of troops to the Phil
ippines. The shortage of transports is no fault of the War Department."
master of the Seventh California, has
been officially notified of the confirmation
r.f his captaincy by the United States
Senate.
Major Friederich, Captain Carriston and
Lieutenant Merrill of the Thirteenth Min
nesota, with twelve men. left for Minne
sota last night for the purpose of obtain
ing the necessary men to bring the com
panies up to the required strength. Cap
tains Elliott and Clarke and Lieutenant
W. A. Deford of the Twentieth Kansas
will return to that State for the same
purpose, and a detail from the Seventh
California will go shortly to Los Angeles.
Colonel Little, Twentieth Kansas, took
his entire command yesterday over to the
Sutro baths and let the soldiers enjoy the
luxury of a bath.
ARTILLERY IN CAMP.
Four Batteries of the Third
and Two of Volunteers on
the Presidio Plain.
The big drill plain &\ the Presidio is fill
ing up with tentß again. Yesterday Bat
teries G, H, X and L of the Third Artil
j lery. and Batteries A and D of the Cali
'• fornia Battalion, went into camp where
i the First California Infantry was
quartered prior to its departure
i for Manila. Major Rice Is in com'
; mand of the volunteer battalion,
i while Major Hess of the Third United
States Artillery has command of the two
battalions. Both officers have gone Into
camp with their commands, the head
quarters being located about on the site
where Colonel Berry of the Seventh
pitched his tent. Ample room has been
allowed for the tents, the streets being
broad enough for the free marching of
the batteries to and from their quarter*.
In fact, it is an ideal camp, and if the
regimental band, which 1h now stationed
away out in the fortifications at Fort
Point, were attached to the battalion it
would prove most attractive to visitors.
Battery I) of Major Rice's command is
still in barracks at the post, but will be
moved to Fort Baker, at Lime Point, to
day or to-morrow. The remaining three
batteries of the Third, A, E and I, are at
Fort Point.
Major Hess has received no orders re
garding the future movements of his
command, but he expects to remain
where he is for the present. He is busy
recruiting his command to its full
strength— 2oo men to the battery— and he
does not look for orders to proceed to Ma
nila before the third expedition la desig
, nated. The recruiting office established
i at Los Angeles 1s shipping him twelve to
i fifteen men daily, and these must be
! drilled and equipped. Infantry and cay
' airy are of more service In the Philip
i pines Just now thar heavy artillery, for
i the Spaniards must be driven back and
• the fortifications captured before the ar-
t illerists can tind work to do. The de
' tachment under Captain Geary, sent out
, with the first expedition, is sufficient to
! man the Cavlte defenses, which are all
| that Admiral Dewey holds at present, i
That portion of Captain Geary's bat
tery remaining here will continue to oc
! cupy Its quarters at the post for the pres
; ent.
i♦■ • ■
CAMP COURT-MARTIAL.
A Pennsylvania Fifer Cut the
Pantaloons of a Negro.
General Otis has appointed the following
court-martial to convene to-day and sit
without regard to hours for the purpose
of trying all such cases as may be
brought before it: First Nebraska, Lieu
tenant-Colonel George R. Cotton, presi
dent; Major J. M. Statsenburg, Captains
G. H. Holdeman, F. A. Williams, J. G.
Painter, J. N. Kilian. Lieutenants C. H.
Ough, C. L. Jens, F. B. Naracong, F.
Gegner, F. M. Yale, H. L. Archer. Utah
Cavalry, Captain Came, and Lieutenant
Benner X. Smith, judge advocate.
The court convened yesterday morning,
but adjourned without trying any cases.
One of the most interesting cases that
will come up before the general court
martial to-day will be that of John Camp
bell, a fifer In the Tenth Pennsylvania
Regiment, whn has been under arrest ever
Since the regiment left Mt. Gretna, Pa.,
for cutting the breeches off a negro strik
er, who belonged to Company C of the
Pennsylvania Artillery, which was then
camped at Mt. Gretna.
Campbell enlisted in the Tenth as a
fifer, and truly he is said to liave blown
a wonderful reed, but alas, there were
times, not infrequent, when he was wont
to blow the foam from too many beers. It
so happened that the captain of Battery C
sent the colored striker to Altoona to
purchase some whisky for the officers'
mess, and the negro was so unfortunate
as to go into the same barroom where
Campbell, who was already drunk, was
just tossing off another.
The fifer, as soon as he saw the negro
In uniform, became enraged, and draw-
Ing a razor he proceeded to hold up the
frightened striker, and to carefully re
move the trouser legs from the knee
down. Then he made the unfortunate
darkey buy the whisky, which he, Camp
bell, drank, and then— well then he was
arrested, and has been in the guard house
ever since, but not in irons as was re
ported.
FONTANA BARRACKS.
Washington Volunteers Sail
Under Sealed Orders to
Angel Island.
Company F of the Second Battalion of
the Washington volunteers, at Fontar.a
Barracks, received orders yesterday
morning to embark on the steamer Mc-
Dowell. No one knew the destination, as
the instructions were sealed and not t<i
be opened until after the steamer had
left the dock. It was a mystery to
everybody, but no one asked any ques
tions, not even the officers. Many thought
that this was to be a starter of the Wash
ington men toward Manila and they
eagerly hoped the Philippines was their
destination. The steamer, however, land
ed them at Angel Island for temporary
guard duty. This company of eighty-one
men is officered by Captain Chester F.
Miller, First Lieutenant Charles F. Book
er and Second Lieutenant George B. Dorr.
During the time they were at Fontana
Barracks there was not a sick or drunk
en man in the company. These men come
from Eastern Washington, are well up
in drill and discipline, and are a credit to
the volunteer service.
Lieutenant Colonel Fife is still protest
ing against the repeated statements that
the Washington volunteers are not likeiy
to go to Manila. He says his command,
of which he is very proud, is the equal in
every respect of any regiment now here,
and it is but an act of Justice that the
Washlngtonians should be permitted to
be among the representatives of the Pa
cific' Coast in the Manila expeditionary
forces.
The rumor that the Washington men
are soon to go into camp at the Presidio
is not credited at Fontana Barracks,
where they have been located since they
have been in San Francisco.
NO LONGER CORPORAL.
C. P Ames Receives a Wel-
come Communication.
Corporal C. P. Ames, of Company D,
First Nebraska Regiment of Volunteers,
will be discharged from his regiment in a
few days. Yesterday Colonel Bratt, com
manding the regiment, was officially or
dered by Secretary of War Alger to dis
charge Ames. The young soldier does not
leave the service in disgrace, for along
with the order to Colonel Bratt, there
also came one to Corporal Ames himself,
notifying him that as the result of having
passed successfully the preliminary ex
amination he is to report on the Ist of
March, 1899, to the commandant of the
corps of cadets at West Point Military
Academy.
Some time ago Corporal Ames, who has
been for two years in the National Guard,
took the competitive examination at Lin
coln, Neb., and being successful, was ap
pointed to the academY by Congressman
Strode of Nebraska. -Corporal Ames is
19 years of ago. He was born in Illinois,
but raised in Nebraska. He is a gradu
ate of the University of Nebraska, where
he took a course in electrical engineer-
Ing.
The corporal expects to go to the train
ing school of Lieutenant Charles Boden.
at Highland Falls. New York, where he
will prepare himself for the academy.
TO AMUSE THE BOYS.
Entertainments Provided by
the Mothers' Christian
Endeavor Circle.
The "Mothers' Christian Endeavor Cir
cle" has been organized under the leader
ship of Miss Mindora L. Berry, State su
perintendent of missions of the Christian
Endeavor Societies of California, and sue
has for co-workers most of the ladies of
the churches of this city.
It is tlie intention not only to provide
for the soldiers in the way of comfort
bags and the like for use in the future,
but the actual necessity of entertaining
the troops and tbua making their stay in
the city as enjoyable as possible has re
sulted In the method of providing an en
tertainment every evening, except Sun
day right among the boys. A hall on
! Fifth avenue has been engaged for the
! purpose, and the various evangelical
churches have each been assigned an
evening to furnish the programme and
! the necessary ref reshmmts. Plymouth
Congregational Church was the tirst to
provide for the entertainment. About 200
! BOldiera were present last evening and
spent a couple of hours listening to an
excellent programme, consisting of vocal
and instrumental music, recitations and
an address by the Rev. F. B. Cherington,
DD. At the conclusion of the exercises
hot coffee, sandwiches and cake were
! brought out and all enjoyed a feast of
j good things.
These entertainments will be repeated
every evening.
| Recruiting for the Regular
Army.
The various recruiting offices for the
regular army are receiving a very large
number of applicants, and nearly all of
them are of a very good class of men.
Among those who have applied since Sat
urday to Lieutenant Quan, Third Artil
lery, room 229 Phelan building, are two
Sacramento high school boys, one Cornell
graduate, one man who passed eighteen
months in West Point Military Academy
and two lawyers.
Lieutenant Hunt, of the Fourteenth In
fantry, opened a recruiting office yester
day morning in the Examiner building,
Third street side, and received about thir
ty-five applicants during the day, nearly
all of whom will pass. Lieutenant Hunt
has hung his banner on the outer wall,
and it is attracting a great deal of at
tention. It reads: "Wanted— Men for the
Fourteenth Infantry, to go and help
Dewey."
Two tralnloads of recruits for the regu
lar army are expected here within the
next few days from Fort McPherson,
Georgia.
GOING TO ALCATRAZ.
Company A, Sixth California
Infantry, Will Take Its
Station To-Day.
The companies of the Sixth California
Infantry will begin to move to their sta
tions to-day, when Company A will go
over to Alcatraz. The company will break
camp this morning and march to the
Presidio wharf and embark on the Gov
ernment steamer McPherson for "the
rock."
Company F will not go to Santa Cruz
until to-morrow or Thursday, as It Is not
yet fully equipped. Captain J. F. Lucey,
of Company F, went to Sacramento last
night and will return to-night. He will
endeavor to secure about twenty-tlve re
cruits while there, in order to bring his
company up to the maximum of 106 men
under the latest decision of the War De
partment. As Company F ctme from Sac
ramento originally. Captain Lucey would
prefer to have all his men from that
place to recruiting up with strangers.
Sergeant J. Alexander and Private
Word of Company F will not accompany
it to Santa Cruz. Sergeant Alexander has
been detailed as sergeant major of the
regiment, and Word is acting as quarter
master sergeant. Consequently both will
remain at headquarters.
A Lucky Newspaper Man.
Among those who will leave for th«
Philippine Islands on the transport China,
when she sails, Is Wallace W. Wideman,
a well-known local newspaper man, and
for the past year associate editor of the
Daily Journal of Commerce of this city.
Wideman will leave with Captain Hooper,
of the United Stutes revenue cutter ser
vice, and will join the cutter McCulloch
at Cavite. On that vessel he will take
two years' scholarship, before passing the
examinations for a lieutenancy.
Mr. Wideman was born In this city on
December 9. 1879, and is the youngest son
of Dr. and Mrs. James Wideman, of
/ ADVERTISEMENTS. J __ _ '
Direct Connections DAWSON CITY
And All Points on the Yukon River.
Ele n t te 8 a t n^ I h.p "LEELANAW."
Positive Sailing From Howard-street Wharf No. 2
Saturday, June 11, 3 p. m.
First-Class Accommodations. Lowest Rates. Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
LIEBES BUILDING. 139 POST STREET.
AMUSEMENTS. I AMUSEMENTS. ■ _
"MoSscmiiAHP'OPEBA-HoiE columbiajheater.
Walter Morcsco, Sole Lessee and Manager. SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Evening Prices— We, 25c and 50c. CLAY CLEMENT
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. ' ', A Baron Hohenstauffcn :
Second Week of the Popular Eastern Actor, . —IN THE
GEORGE P. WEBSTER, NEW DOMINION.
in a munificent production of the Great June U-THE NEW FRAVTLEY COMPANY.
Scenic Melodrama.
tuc nnnnN if imp w.n_theate*.
IFil 1 11811 !61 Va 14 111 lie Special Return Engagement.
IMk UUI IV Si Ulllyl ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY.
Under the Supervision or the Well-Known TO-MORROW, WED. AFTERNOON at 1:15.
Eastern Actor. THE GREAT TRIO.
H. PERCY MELDON. YSAYE, GERARDY and LACDAUME
Second Week of the Sterling Juvenile Actor, In a Brilliant Programme.
/WaVV/DN MITZEL POPULAR PRICES.
yVi/\;x. \/OIN /Yin seats, NOW SELLING.
Produced With a Strong Stock Cast. — r— ■ —
Tlir Great Mill Scene! 4fP^. fV
IKr Thrilling Elevator Scene!! M4P& \ Vl
" IL Cotton Mills In Full Operation!!! X «^\ %f\^j|^ j> a a fltf^'Wfr
KZSaDR. HALL'S IEINVNORATOR XS^VW»A»i
MhWH Five hundred reward for any case 6— NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS— 6
KM WMS wo cannot cure. This secret remedy ; KATIE ROONEY. "A Chip of the Old
j;. ■ stops all losses In 24 hours cures B1 k ... ILLS and LORETTO. "The Tramp
13 Emissions. Impotency. Var coceie. and the Soubrette": ALBURTUS and BART-
SjM m Gon°iThoea^leet..Fte.StrJctureB. RUM. Champion Club Swingers: EZRA KEN-
MM WmW I'Z M,,« or x«.s'*e Sent »ALL. Humorist; LAMONT FAMILY, Eu- '
i3LJS9 ni^° r' ,li 1 K.ul T ma" rope' s Acrobats; MUSICAL JOHNSONS, Xylo-
la^icrf **s»y Mnl 1 c 1 I,*;«Hii1 ,*;«Hii T'S MFDICALIN- Ph'^e Wonders: PROFESSOR LEONID AS.
»"^4° cu re. fl r ?"" A^ k^*j E cai Aiao W and Cat Circus; AL LEACH and the 3
foTOI it^73H Slark^t t^%% All I rt" ROSEHUDS; HARRY ALLISTER. New E*.
v^e^l^es Ay cured. Send Tor free book. 23c: Balcony. 10c; Opera
' Chairs and Box Seats, 60c.
I^S WONG WOO, ■ , .. . s
£WONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB ALCAZAR. "^™S"-
SANITARIUM, MAIN '* 54 '
_ , EVERY NIGHT THIS .WEEK.
y&ajL 764-68 CLAY BT., 8»n rranci»eo,C»l ' ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
-. All diseases cured exclusive- . LEVA/IS MORRISON,
WM$&$W\V by Chinese herbs, over 3'»o FLORENCE ROBERTS,
f/mW l m^ varieties being used. ADVICE The Dramatic Hit.
free. Hours. 0:30 to 11 a. m.. ito 3 and 7to THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES !
8 p " ' "• ! — — Prices 15c, 25c, 35c, 600
■ NEXT 'LEWIS MORRISON. .
SLEDS. BOATS' ETC. • WEEK | "A CELEBRATED CASE." •
; ARCTIC sleds, Arctic ' dogs. Youkon boats, TT\rr>T : l nnrnji HOTTQP3
pilot traps to the Klondike. Alaskr. outfits. IIVUJLI Ur*CKA-rIUUiDC.
steam launches and stern- wheel steamera. with t Mr9 .Ernestine Proprietor and Manager.
boilers suitable to burn wood; -0 boats can be "" • Si v
seen at salesroom. O. W. KNEASS. 718 Third TO-NIGHT.
St. 'Phone Red 2361. • ' . The Patriotic Operatic Spectacle.
■V^PATENTS^J AMERICAN HERO!
V/.. ,"_ NM iL II %^Z£ Cc "Zf THE SPIRIT OF '76.
MARKET ST. sf;^i^ Great Cast— Superb Scenery. ■
'' — '—. ■ Correct Costumes— Appropriate* Accessories.
-"■-■• ■■■•■. ' --■ -"■ ■■■• - ■-■ - •■•*'■■ ■■ ■"- - ■'"■' ; ---- : - r THRILLING NAVAL BATTLE.
r QnCT]2JPB!f?yFTTT7n^Til^^P^'T^r^!iYl7ll "When Freedom From Her Mountain Heights
■ffSyyvMfJA^^t n Hl llilli inB li t^'l Wl ,\ i+Wa Unfurled Her Banner."
o^^iwl^B^^^- THE SENSATION OP THE CITYIS
" IA/.T.HE9B, ' HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
NOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW, • ; THE GREATEST GUN ON EARTH.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Cluua Spreckela Bldg. ._ _, —,».«=. «-miixr<si
Telephone Brown 931. . AT THE C-MUTEas I
Residence. S2l California : street.' below EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Powell. Sun Francisco. ■ A Great Vaudeville Performance in the
« — \ — . FREE THEATER. .
_„ . , . , ■ *-, . i ■■■': mm "■•' SOLDIERS IN UNIFORM , ALWAYS FREE.
Wnchts Into VenctaUe Pills »•
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who . bU I nU : D/\ 1 MO.
have used them* for J over- forty, years to cur« _■: /-^iz>j=ri\l' IMIiT^MTT^
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA- . r C=.r^ ; I^l lv_»*-» M. Ot . ;.
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimples Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m. i.
and purify the blood. - ADMISSION 10c - - — - CHILDREN So
•-•{".• : ■■-<-- ...y . ■ . Bathing. ■. with admission. 250; children, :20c-;", v '
Grossman's b ciflc Mixture £v»*^s«- ";
- With this : remedy -persons .. can s cure . them- - More . soul-inspiring war scenes, new Ufa pic,
selves i without * the s least '■ exposure, change of : tures by . the Biograph = Captain Slgabe« • and
diet or change in application to business •• Th« I Staff, United States and Spanish troops, bat-
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury j tleships. torped boats ■ and thrilling •- Havana
to the constitution. A«k your druggist for it scenes, and a strong olio of ten Great : Special-
Price $1 a bottle. ■■-■■■-■■'■■■:■■■ ■ ■■:■■■ - 1 ties. Admission free. Matinee everjr Suadajr.
GENERAL GREENE'S BRIGADE.
Brigadier-General P. V. Greene
reported to General Otis at
Camp Merrltt late yesterday
afternoon. He established his
headquarters ' next to those of
General E. S. Otis, but did not
remain in camp last night. Gen
eral Greene was closeted with
General Otis until a late hour
last night. After the confer
ence between these two officers
was ended it was learned that
General Greene will command a
brigade that will be composed
from two of the brigades now in
camp at Camp Merritt. That
Is, instead of having charge of
one of the four brigades in Its
entirety General Greene's brigade
will be made up of troops from
two of the brigades now In Camp
Merrltt that are as yet not com
manded by a brigadier-general.
2515% Bryant avenue. At the age of 15
he left the high school and entered the
journalistic field. Last evening a large
party of his friends assembled at his
home and offered congratulations.
War Incidents.
The employes of the Surveyor of Cus
toms, Joseph S. Spear Jr., have subscribed
to a fund of $125 per month to be ex
pended in contributing to the comfort of
the soldiers now encamped in this city.
This fund will be placed for disburse
ment in the hands of Mrs. Spear, wife of
the Surveyor, and she will use it to the
best advantage.
Saturday evening the active and alumni
members of the California Gamma Chap
ter of the Phi Delta Kappa Fraternity
gave a reception, which was largely at
tended, to Lieutenant John Donaldson of
the Thirteenth Kegiment, Minnesota Vol
unteers, now encamped at Bay District
track. Lieutenant Donaldson was a mem
ber of the fraternity at the Michigan '
Military School.
Thirty-three students of the University
of California have enlisted since the close
of the college year, either as regulars or
as volunteers. All of them have had mili
tary training as members of the Univer
sity Cadet Corps. Some of them who have
drilled for three or four years entered
the army as commissioned and others as
non-commissioned officers.
. •-♦—
"Old Friends" meet to-morrow night
at 14 Third for installation of officers.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
The statement ot the stock of grain on hand in the State June L as taken by the
Produce Exchange, was published Sunday morning. The statement in detail Is as followsj
REPORT OF FLOUR AND GRAIN REMAINING IN THE STATE ON JUNE 1. 1898.
' • ;x : . Flour) Wheat Barley I Oats
LOCATION. I Bbls. j | Ctls. Ctls. Ctls.
San Francisco warehouses and mills, Including
grain and flour afloat In harbor and In .
transit 17,190 117,940 155,240 70,840
Sonoma. Solano, Tolo, Colusa and ■ Glenn ■ :
counties. ! .100 808.680 66.180J . 1,300
Sacramento. Tuba, Sutter, Rutte, Placer and
• Tehama counties .,, 17.465! 261.360 23,640 :
Contra Costa and Alameda counties I 1,150 43S.400 138,060 20,000
San Joaquln, Stanislaus, Merced, Fresno, Ma- 1
dera, Tulare. Kings and Kern counties | 23,560 1.119.260 223,
San Mateo, Santa Clara, San Benlto, Santa
Crui Monterey and San Luis Oblspo .
counties ••••• 66 * 379,660 110,169 13,520
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Los Angeles, Orange, \ ,
San Bernardino, Riverside and San Diego
counties 3.250 227,4*0 237,820 3.720
Totals >........ 37.380:3,162,680 943.060 109,380]
LOCATION.
! n,:
U.:
17,-
l.:
j'20!6<j6!
Corn Rye
Ctls. Ctle.
36,840 1.000
10.100
11.000
2,900 18.000
19. 480 36.700
2,480
30,000 600
lt2,780J 54.300
......
69,740
:t
COMPARATIVE STATEMENT.
1897, December 1
1897, June 1
1S!'6, December 1
1S96, June 1 •
DATE.
Flour! Wheat Barley Oats IBeans| Corn Rve
Bbls. j Ctls. Ctls. Ctls. ) Sks. I Otis. Otis.
U6.9MJI.lJ2.t40 S,136,Q2O'jlO6,18Oi713,749 35^40
94.9001.781,880 7B8.60W 81,980 505.730 61.2«0 ffjfiO
111. 07S : T. 495. 3St>;3, O^S. 980 189. 3601700.963 SI 340
ini,im!2,fiS5,34011.043.S4O 78.500iS69.396 1D3.'466 n'lOO
SUMMARY.
Silver declined.
Wheat and Barley lower.
Oats and Corn dull. Rye declined.
New Hay doing better.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans firm, but quiet.
Potatoes unchanged. Onions lower.
Vegetables about the same.
A car of Eastern Poultry in.
Butter weaker and Eggs firmer.
Cherries suffered from the heat.
Peaches weak and Apricots steady.
Oranges arrived heavily and declined.
No change in Provisions.
Dressed Hogs advanced.
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures ai station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, if any, the
amount of rainfall or of mt-lted snow in inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
n!r pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
-rature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington roast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather mey be expected
in dimmer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
iipposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, June 6, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka 58. Fresno 102, Los Angeles Sg, Red
Bluff %. Independence $R. San Plego 76, Sac
ramento 92, San Lulß Obispo 82, Tuma 104.
San Krancipi" temperature: Maximum, 59;
minimum. 50; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific Slope
during the past twenty-*our hours. An area
of high pressure lies over the Rooky Mountain
region.
The temperature has fallen over the coast
from San Diego to Fort Canby. It is still,
however, much above the normal in the inte
rior.
A thunder storm is reported at Idaho Falls.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh Island. 30 miles per hour
from the northeast: El Paso, 32 miles, south
east.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 7, 1898:
Northern California — Cloudy Tuesday, with
fog along the coast; brisk westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; : fresh
westerly winds. ««
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; cooler In the ex
treme western portion.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday. ■'■'', ( i ''
Arizona — Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday,
with fog in the morning: brisk westerly. winds.
• Special report from Mount Tamalpals taken
at up. m.: Clear; wind west. 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 74: maximum, 76. -
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOf'K MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 6.— The stock market
started this morning with every appearance of
Saturday's brisk upward movement being con
tinued. London was a buyer here at the open
ing even at th» higher level over London par
ity. Rumors aiir»ad of an approaching move
ment by Spain for peace helped Americans in
London. The heaviness of . Government bonds
was due to the conviction that an additional
issue will soon be authorized and uttered. The
brisk upward movement .at | the opening was
checked i.y several developments. One of these
was the rather emphatic disclaimer on behalf
of Burlington officials of any Immediate pur
pose to project a refunding plan. Another well
denned conviction on the part of the profes
sional speculators was that Union Pacific pre
ferred would soon. begin the payment of divi
dends at the rate of 4 per cent. This was
met to-day by the strong semi-official Intima
tion that the dividend rate might be for the
present only 3 per ; cent. These two develop
ments constituted a drag ■ on two very im
portant elements' in the market. When Lon
don saw that' the advance here was not main
tained -It' turn. '.from buyer to seller. Many
of the leading grangers and : internationals are
thus nearly a point under the beat prices of the
day. a The whole' list lost something from best
prices in sympathy, but the lower priced
stocks firmly held. ■
' Money continues very cheap.
■ Bonds reflected the pressure of cheap money
seeking employment and some of the lower
grade speculative bonds were very largely
bought on the advancing prices. Total sales,
$;»,(/* 5,000.
United States old Is, coupon, declined 1, the
old 4s, registered, and the os % per cent in the
bid price. The new 4a' were unchanged.
The total sales of stocks' were 475.90Q shares
Including: 16.230 Atchlson, 37,746 do preferred
14.C65 C. & 0., 12,745 Burlington, 10,116 C
C. & St. L., 3050 D, & R. G., 8620 Louisville
and .Nashville, ■ 7858 Manhattan, 1530 Metropoli
tan Street Railway, 9670 Missouri : Pacific, 6800
M.. K. & T. preferred, 25.590 Northern Pa
cific, 42,050 do preferred. Sl'2o Rock Island, 17 -
745 St. Paul, 36,060 Union Pacific preferred, 2390
U. , P.. D. & G.. 5700 Wabash preferred, 3180
American Tobacco, 917S C. & G. W., 13 175
People's Gas, 6790 General Electric. 4440 Pacific
Mail. 23,550 Sugar, 4220 Leather preferred, 5780
St. Louis and San Francisco preferred.
• CLOSING STOCKS. <
Atchison .......... 13% St P & 0m;.. ..*...: 78
Do prefd 33% Do prefd .'.'...:... 149
Baltimore & Ohio V.i St PM & M."."..;; 143V4
Canada Pacific .. R5 So Pacific ....... IS%
Canada Southern. St% So Railway - 8%
Central Pacific .. 14 Do prefd .".*,.... 7 32Ti
Chee & 0hi0..... 23% Texas & Pacific..- 12>4
Chi & A1t0n..... 169 Union' Pacific .... 2oH
Chi B & Q 10.-.i/, Do prefd :.::.... ;62«,; 62«,
Chi i 111........ C3»i V PDr&G...... ,7%
C C C & Ht L.... 3I<H V\'aba*h..Y.. .:..... 7%
Do pr»-frl ■......;.' SI : ; Do prefd >..-.:-.... = 204
Del & Hudson.... 11l . Wheel &L8.;;..i lvi '
Pel lfc W....... 155 Dp prgX* ,ii,.... *£&
f — - -*■ ' ■■ ■ 1 -.i - n f"-^*^
**? * »•<» 124 Express Companies—
Do prefd &o% Adams Ex ........ 100
Erie (new) ' American Ex .... 125
Do Ist prefd.... 37% United States .... 40
Fort Wayne .... 168 Wells Fargo 116
Gt Nor prefd.... 174. Miscellaneous-
Hock Valley.. 5% A Cot Oil 21%
Illinois Central ..105 Do prefd ...I!. 76
Lake Erie & W.. 15% Amn Spirits 11%
Do prefd 78% Do prefd 32%
Lake Shore ..... 191 Am Tobacco 109
Louis & Nash.... 66% Do prefd 117
Manhattan L .... 1054 People's Gas 103%
Met St Ry 161% Cons Gas 1914
Mch Central .... 103 Com Cable C 0.... 160
Minn & St ?!""> 294 Col F & 1r0n.... 234
Do Ist orefd.... 89% Do prefd 90
Mo Pacific 86% Gen Electric 37%
Mobile & 0hi0... 28 Illinois Steel 66
M ° X & T 12 Laclede Oas 49%
nS°T !^ f ? V"'— 36% Lead •'— 35%
1 Chi Ind & L 9% Do prefd ....;... JO7H
xt Do prefd ........ 80 Nat Lin Oil 17$
5 I Central 94% Or Imp Co 30%
v V Central H8", Pacific Mall 30
NT Chi & S L... 14 Pullman Palace.. 186
Do let nrefd.... 65 Silver Certificates 69%
Do 2d tirefd.... 34 Stand R & T 6%
Nor West 154 Suger 144%
No Amer Co 6% -Do prefd 115
No Pacific 30% T C & Iron 264
; Do prefd 69"* U S Leather 7:4
j Ontario & W 15% Do prefd 654
: Or R & Nay 62% D S Rubber 20
Or Short Line 30 Do prefd 78
Pittsburg 168 West Union 92%
Reading 19% Chi & N W 129
, Do let prefd.... 47%] Do prefd 172%
; Rock Island ..... 106% St L & H W 6%
!St Louis & S F.. 8 1 Do prefd 11"4
Do Ist prefd.... 64 RG W 26% i
1 Do 2d prefd.... 31% Do prefd 65%
i St Panl vn\i Cht G W 14%
: Do prefd 14S%iHaw Com Co .... 23%
CLOSING BONDS.
US new is reg.. 124 N Carolina 6s 124
1 Do coup 124 Do 4s 103
i U S 4s 10$% No Pac lsts 116
Do coup 112 Do 3s ........... 62%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s 97%
, L S 08 reg 111% Nor & W 6s 120
■ Do 6s coup nf% Northwstrn cons. 143%
District 3.65 a 114 Do deb 5s 115
; Ala class A 110 O Nay lets 115
Do B 105 O Nay 4s 96
go C 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 1274
Do Currency ... SO OS Line 5s tr.... 105%
Atchison 4s 63% O Imp lsts tr.... 108
Do aii.l 45....... 66% ' Do 5s tr 60
j Can BO 2.1f 108% Pacific 6s of 95... 100%
' Chi Term 4s 85% Reading 4s 85%
, C & Ohio 5s 113%, R G W lsts 85
1 C H & D 44s 104% St L & I M C Es. 95
• D & R G lsts.... 10614 St L & S F G 6s. 119%
; D & R C, 4s 94% St P Con 145
, East Term lets ... 107 St PC & P lsts.. 113*4
; Erie Gen 4s 74% Do 5s 116
' Gen Elec 5s 102 1 *- So Ry 5s 95%
G H & S A 65.... 103% Stand R & T 65.. 70
Do'2ds m 34 Term new set 3?.. 87%
H &■ T Css 109 T&P L G tots.!. 104
Do con 6s 104 Do Rg 2ds 36%
lowa C Ist? 100% T" P D & G lsts.. 614
La new cons 45.. 100 Wah Ist 6s 109%
L & N Uni 45.:.. 90% Do 2ds . . 84%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 108
M X & T 2ds 68% v a Centuries 63%
Do 4s 87% Do deferred .... 3
NY Central lets. US U P prefd.... 62%
N J Css 114 U P 4s. 96
N T C & 8 L 4s. 105
MINING STOCKS.
Choilar 10 Ontario 175
Crown Point ..... 10 Ophir 35
Con Cal & Va.... 43, Plymouth ....'."I". 12
Deadwood ........ 90 'Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.... 15 Do nrefd 200
Hale & Norcross. 80 ' Sierra Nevada ... 60
; Homestake ....... 40 00 Standard ........ 150
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 05
Mexican 35|Yellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON. June 6.— Atchison. 13%; Bell Tele
phone, 274; Burlington, 1054; Mexican Central
5%, Oregon Short Line, 31; San Diego, .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 6.-The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet to-day, ' speculative
stocks being most favored. Americans opened
good on the reports from Santiago. -Dealings 1
and general Interest here in Americans are
widening, but New York checked the upward
movement this afternoon, and prices closed
dull. Grand Trunk was good.
J Spanish 4s and all foreign stocks were good
on the improvement In Paris. The belief here
grows that Spain will endeavor to . get the
powers to mediate.
Gold is in strong demand at 77s 104 d. India
being the principal buyer. -
. There is an exceedingly small supply of hills
offered for discount on the London money
market, and for short periods money Is freely
offered at %@1 per cent.
Bar silver, weaker, 27% d per ounce. "V s -.
PARIS, June 6.— Spanish 4» closed at 36% a
net gain of %.
Canadian Pacific, 87%. Bar silver, 27% d per
ounce. Money, %@1 p«r cent.
Spanish 4s closed at 36%.. a net gain of %. .
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
26,067; exports, 17,866 barrels. Dull and weak,
HKgl&c decline.
WHEAT— Receipts, 55,425; exports, 395,734.
Spot wheat. No. 2 red. *1 10, f. o. b. ; export
grade do, $1 12, car lots spot. Options opened
heavy and were weak all day, closing 34<§.7c
net lower, latter on July. Active foreign sell
ing prompted by peace rumors and supplement
ed by bearish statistics, . weak cables and fine
crop news were the features. No. 2 red, July
W4fr9"4e. closed 95% c % »••»**•
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The week opens with the metal
market showing a disposition to do better,
especially In tin, spelter and iron departments.
At the close to-day the metal exchange called-
PIG Warrants, steady, with $6 75 bid
and 16 90 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, with $11 90 bid and
$12 10 asked. .
TlN— Firm at $14 96. .
SPELTER— Firm, with $4 20 old and $4 40
asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $3 75 bid and $3 90 asked.
The firm that ' fixes ; the settling prices for
miners and smelters quotes lead at $3 60.
COFFEE— Options closed steady at 5 points
net higher. Sales, 6250 bags, including: June
$5 70-rif, 75; July. $5 75©5 $0. Spot Coffee— Rio,
steady; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing 7c.
Mild, steady. Cordova, 8%@15%c. • '
. SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c: cen
trifugal. 96 tost. 4 5- 16 c. Refined, firm.
. BUTTER— Receipts, 13,000 packages. Firm
western creamery, lS%<Jl6c; Elglns, 16c; fac
tory. 10%<S12c.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,162 packages. Firm-
Western, ll%c; Southern, 10V4@llc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NSW YORK, June California dried fruits,
strong. . . '
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@Bc
prime wire. 9@9^c; wood dried, prime 9V4c'
choice. SH'tlOc: fancy. 10. ..■-■,-■/-
PRUNES— 4@BHo.- - ■ '
APRICOTS— RoyaI, B<g'loc; Moorpark, 10«J!12c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6@9c; . peeled. 12®16c!
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. June 6.— Nearly everything, In the
I way of news and statistics was radically bear
> ish In Wheat. : Liverpool cables reported great
depression. there, .with prices from 3@sd lower.
The weather, and crop- conditions- favored the
selling, side, as everything seemed to : promise
an enormous Wheat yield. The world's ship
ments last' week aggregated 13,750,000 bushels
or more than double '; what they were a year
a.go. .Under these conditions the longs quickly
lost confidence and began to unload. For the
first hour there was liquidation selling on
stop loss , orders and on exhausted margins
There was a little rally when the early short
sellers started to buy in and secure profits but
the market had no recuperative powers and It
soon turned weak again. The close was slight
ly above the lowest, July losing 2V 2 c for the day
and September 2%@2%c lower than yesterday
The heaviness In Wheat, fine weather and the
absence of export demand depressed Corn July
closed %@lc lower. ' ... . " •
.Sympathy with the other speculative markets
and heavy selling weakened Oats, closing %ia>
%c i lower. '.-"■"' 7 "**
Outside liquidation and the weak grain mar
kets created a heavy, feeling In Provisions
Pork , declined 32% c. lard 12Hc and ribs 10c "
■ The leading futures ranged as follows:
"Articles— ' ; Open. High. Low. • Close
Wheat, No. J— ... .
June 1 . ...:.... ..Jl 09 $109 ■■:'. $198 ' $108
July ; .w.:;... ...... 90% 9014 8S- 88U
September.... 77*4 77 1 * 73 '.^l*
'December 76 76 . . 74% 74
Corn,' No. 2—2 —
June ;..:. .:...-...... ,21% . 3iu 31 .: 31/1
July. 1 .....;.........; 32>i ' • 321- : 31% -31%
September ....;.;... 33\4 . 33% 31%" 82% '
Oats, No.' 2— ! ' 1 - ..- •. :' :\ ■..,'.,
, Jvij ............... 24 24 2314 _ ' 2334 j
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 189£.
I September ......... 21 21% 20% ; 20%
• Mess Pork, per bbl— ••■■ '"•>■-■ •"■,•■
I July .......10 50 10 65 10 27% 10 35
: September .........10 60 10 72% 10 46 10 BO
• Lard, per 100 lbs — • -
July ..........6 02% 6 024 6 82% 5 «T%
September ......... 6 07% :i 6 12% «05 606
Short Ribs, per, 100 lbs—
July ..5 67% 6 70-665 666
September..;...... 5,77% 680 6 724 675
Cash quotations were as follows:.
Flour, dull; No. s 2 spring Wheat, $l<ffl 05 ; ; No.
8 spring Wheat. 95c©$l 10; No. 2 red, $1 09; No.
2 Corn 22c; No. 2 Oats, 25% c; No. 2 white, 28%
r29c; No. 8 white, 27%c:N0. 2 Rye. 47c; No.
Barley, 24@37c; No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 19@1 20;
Prime Timothy Seed, $2 80; Mess Pork, per bar
rel. $10 35@10 40; Lard, per 100 pounds, |$5 97%®
6; Short Rib Sides, loose. $5 55@5 90; Dry Salted
Shoulders, : boxed, 5@6%c; Short Clear Sides,
boxed, $6@6 20. . .■■■ : '-?•
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13,100 17,000
Wheat, bushels ............... 46.200 '■ 160.200
Corn, bushels 666,900 673, 000
Oats, bushels 79,000 451.400
Rye, bushels ....6,200 .......
Barley, bushels 20.000 - 8,700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@15%c; dairies,
ll@l3c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 9%c.--:
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ... 97.950 24,000
Duluth 62.326 56,687
Milwaukee 27.300 650
Chicago 46.200 160.233
Toledo 25.049 , 117,600
St. Louie ...»...............:.. 8,000 .......
Kansas City 3.977 4,421
Detroit 49,500. 27.000
Totals ............... .......310,352 330,4*1
.Tidewater-
Boston 3,253
New York 600,425 895.734
Philadelphia-.... ..:. -1.189 90
Baltimore 21.879- 123,906
New Orleans .......
Galveston ; .......
Totals ~ 828. 751 ' ' 819.730
PARIS FUTURES. ; '
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dee.
Opening ..................62 30 < 62 00
Closing ;...62 00 60 76
Flour — ■■ • • •
Opening '...' .'. .......28 60 23 80
Closing ..: 28 40 22 90
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
...-■•• June. July. Sept. Deo.
Opening 9 5 7 Vi 6 8
Closing 9 1 6 10% 6 «Vi
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. June 6.— CATTLE— small sup
ply of cattle seemed to impart strength to the
market. Good cattle were s@loc higher. Choice
steers, $4 BOM 35; medium, $4 50@4 65; cows
and heifers, $3 40@4; canners, $2 SOS'S 25; stock
ers and feeders, $4i??5.
HOGS— Were s^loo lower. Fair to ' choice.
$4 15@4 32; packers, $3 90^4 92; butchers, $4®
4 25; mixed, $3 9504 20; light, $3 75@4 16; pigs,
$2 7091 90.
SHEEP— Averaged 10c higher. Sheep. 13 50@
4 75: clipped lambs, |4'Jfs 75; woolea lambs,
J6(i?6 26; spring lambs. $5 Ss<3>6 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,000; hogs. 32,000; sheep,
16.000. .
OMAHA.
OMAHA. June 6.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1400.
Market 5c higher: native steers, $4^4 85; West
ern steers, $3 So@4 45; cows and heifers, $3 50
fi4 40: Btockers and feeders, $4g"5 20; calves,
$4^6 50.
Receipts, 8200. Market 6@loc lower.
Heavy, $3 9r,f?4 06: mixed, $3 95@4; light, $3 96
(g4: bulk of sales, $4.
SHEEP— Receipts 900. Market strong. Fair
to choice natives. $3 So<j?4 50; fair to choice
Western. $3 70@4 40; lambs, $4@6 90.
■ KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, June B.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2500. Native steers, $3 75^4 80: native cows and
heifers. $1 8594 75; stockers and feeders, $3 60®
5 50; bulls, $3<?H 65.
HOGS— Receipts. 8000. Market weak to 100
lower. Bulk of pales. $3 80@4; heavies, $3 9031
4 OS: peckers. $3 7<v?f3 95; mixed. »3 60@3 95;
llirhts. $3 50®3 90: pics, *3 25®S 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market firm. Lambs,
J4'i6 50; muttons, $3@4 40.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June Consols, 111 8-l*?Mll 5-18;
silver, 27% d: French rentes, 103* 17% c
LIVERPOOL, June 6.— Cargoes off coast,
nothing doing; cargoes on passage, dull for
white, firm for red; English country markets,
quiet; quantity wheat and flour on patsage to
U. X.. 2,870.009; quantity wheat and flour on
passage to Continent, 1,060,000; Indian ship
ments wheat to V. X., 150,000; Indian ship
ments wheat to Continent, 150,000.
COTTON— 3 9-16 d.
CLOSE.
CORN — Spot and American, new, quiet, Js 3d:
July. quiet, 3s 2%d; September, quiet. 3s 4%d.
Wheat futures closed duH; July, 9s Id; Sep
tember. 6s 10% d; December, 6e 6%d.
The imports of wheat into Liverpool for the
week: From Atlantic ports, 15,900- quarters;
from Pacific ports, 1000 quarters; . from other
ports, 33,000 quarters. " ■
Imports of corn Into Liverpool ' from At
lantic ports lor the week were 72,300 quarters.
EASTERN LEMON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 6. — The Journal of Com
merce says: The consuming demand for
lemons is Increasing, I but orders are chiefly
for small lots to cover immediate consuming
needs. Inquiries from the West, which mar
ket has heretofore been supplied from Cali
fornia, are reported to. be quite- numerous.
Shipments of Sicily lemons to date this season
are said to be about 600.000 .' boxes less than
for the same period last season. About 200.000
to 250.000 boxes of this shortage has been made
up by Pacific Coast shippers in Western mar
kets. Of Sicily and Sorrento lemons there are
en route to this market at the present time
about 765,000 boxes. There is little doing In
oranges and prices are nominal.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned California
fruit at the following prices to-day:..
NEW YORK. June 6.— Cherries— Black Tar
tarian, 85c@$l 55, average 97c; Rpyal Anne.
Ssc@Jl 35. average 96c; Black Eagle. 60@80c,
average 75c. Apricots— Royal, II 50®l 85, aver
age $1-69; Newcastle. Jl 10@l 65, average $1 3«.
Plums— Clyman, $1 20@l 60. average $1 37.
CHICAGO. June 6.— Cherries— Tartar
ian, 40c@$l 15,- average 90c; Bigereau, 80c@|l 05,
average 93c.
MINNEAPOLIS, June 6.— Cherries— Royal
Anne, $1 10. i Apricots— Newcastle, $1 40.
LONDON SILVER MARKET.
LONDON, June 6.— The silver market Is cau
tious In quoting for future delivery owing to
fear that it may be momentarily notified that
Spain has suspended specie payment. I The mar
ket .is already treating • Spain as a bankrupt,
and does not book any orders for silver unless
the gold for it Is deposited. "*
In spite of the Increase in the coinage In last
week's returns, . the Bank of Spain shows a
further decrease of seven million pesetas in its
reserve, making a total decrease of 149,000,000
pesetas since the beginning of, the war. -
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET. ■
I PORTLAND, June 6.— The Eastern wheat
markets were dull all around to-day,; and Liv
erpool had no encouragement for buyers. There
1 is nothing doing, and prices are strictly nomi
i nal.- Walla Walla, 75c; valley and bluestem,
78c per bushel. > - %
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 6.— Wheat dull; club, 80c;
bluestem, 83c. -.' ,
- VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. ' June 6.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat Sat
! urday, June 4, as compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange Is as follows: Wheat, 22,
687,000 bushels; • decrease, 1,085,000. Corn—
159,000 bushels; Increase, - 1,044,000. 0at5— 7,869,-'
000 bushels; . increase, • 672.000. Rye— 1,682,000
bushels; decrease, 138,000. Barley— bush
els; Increase. 20,000. -. :
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, . June To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $194,137,842;. gold reserve,
$170,556,384. ' ' - ■■ -
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. June 6. -^Cotton, quiet and
steady; middlings, 6 l-16c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, June 6— Bank holiday.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. • .
Sterling: Exchange sight — $4 85
Sterling. Exchange, 60 day 5........ — .4 87%
Sterling Cables .....".■.•";;............ — 4 88
! New York Exchange, sight ...... — . 15-1
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce .....— 68%
Mexican Dollars ..".;'.. .y.'..y. ....... 41 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
-, WHEAT— Exports' ; from ... this port In May
I were 201,772 ctls. valued at $834,872, making
total exports ; thus far this ; crop 1 year .of ; 10,
728,151 ctls, valued at $14,611,627. . ;
'. Futures ;" were ': several -• cents ' lower. Spot
prices > were unchanged ■ and ' nominal, ;- ; with no
; business reported. .:■'..'•- .'.■' . '; - ..,:.;■•••■■ -.--: :
• Two hundred and forty-six sacks of new So
nora, slightly, mixed with Barley, | arrived . from
Bakersfleld and r. sold rat ■Jl 37%. ? It - j was  the
first- new wheat to arrive in San Francisco. this
season. -- ;■' '■ ■"■ < ■•: • ■'•■.'■; ■■■■■'■" ; "*■ ' »■•• '■' '-■'■
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ; : milling, $1 57%@
162% per ctl. • •
: CALL BOARD SALES. V
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 2ooo
i cts. $1 38: 14.000, Jl 38% ; 6000. $1 38%; 4000, $1 88% ;
' 2000, $1 39;: 68,000, $1 38%. ' - ■:- .; : '.• ■■-.-■> -■ • ■>■■■■■ ■;•
Second session— December— 24,ooo ctls, $1 38%.
>' Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctls,
i $1 38; 2000. $1 37%: 14,000. $1 37%; . 36.000, J1'37%;
6000, Jl 37%; 20,000, Jl 37%. :;
! * Afternoon ■■ session — December — 2000 -- ' cUb,
Jl 37%; 32,000, Jl 37; 64,000, - Jl 36%;,. ' t6,Q00,
1 Jl 36%.-." ■-' ■--■■■:;.::■ ;:v-S J : .-. ■--. >i'.-:V= .-. ■..\ v .- .-. -,.:-.■■: .-;,.
; BARLEY— The market is neglected and some
1 what lower. Feed, (1 J,7^j^L 20; Brewing,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9-15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. $1 184; 18.000, $1 18.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 17%;
4000, $1 174; 4000. $1 17%- 4000, $1 17*: 2000.
$1 16%; 2000, $1 17; 20,000 $1 164; 8000, $1 16%;
4000, $1 16%.
Regular morning session— Deoember— 6o(o ctls,
$1 18; 10,000, $1 16W; 24,000, $1 164; SOOO, *1 16%;
8000, $1 16%.
Afternoon session — December — 6000 ctls,
$1 16%; 8000. $1 164.
OATS— The market Is lifeless at unchanged
quotations. Offerings are ample for all cur
rent needs.
Fancy Feed, $1 40 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 324@1 374: common, $1 30©l 324: Surprise,
$1 40@l 45; gray, $1 324ff1l 35; milling, $1 35@
1 40 per ctl.
CORN— Receipts from the East keep up as
usual, and the market is quiet and unchanged.
Small round yellow, nominal; large yellow,
$1 0"4@l 10; white. $1 05(!?l 074 per ctl.
RYE— Lower and dull at $1 35 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75<gl 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $5 60@5 80; bakers'
extras, $5 25@5 35 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lowb. usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6; Cornmeal $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 2=>; Oatmeal $4: Oat Groats. $4 25;
Hominy. $3 25^3-50; Buckwheat Flour $4f 4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina. $4 "5; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25- Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
<?f6 20; in sacks, $5 60<S6; Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Old Hay will soon be a back number, as most
of the receipts are now of the new crop. The
market Is again showing firmer symptoms and
the sales from the cars are at slightly better
prloee. Arrivals from outside points are now
small.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged. Call sale
of 2000 ctls Bran, August delivery, at $17.
BRAN— SI 4 50«j'15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O 50®22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing, $32^32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50;
Cracked Corn, $25.
HAY— CEx-car in round lots)— Wheat, $21®
24; Wheat and Oat, $20@22: Oat, $17019;
Barley, ; compressed Wheat, $21^24:
compressed Oat. $16@18; Alfalfa, $12(313 50;
Clover, nominal; Timothy, $15<iT17.
NEW HAY— Wheat, wire-bound. $18021; Oat,
; Barley, , island Barley, $12@14; Al
falfa, $12«14.
STRAW— 6S@9So per bale.
BBANS AND SEEDS.
No further advance in Beans Is reported, but
the market is strong.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90<Q3: Small Whites, $2<f?
2 10; Large Whites, $1 95@2 05; Pinks, $2 60-®
2 70; Reds, $2 76@2 90; Blackeye, $3 25<§>3 4C.
Butters, $1 75Q1 90; Limas. $2 9rf 3; Pea, $1 85
@2: Red Kidneys, $2 6552 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 25^2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 1603 25; Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2^<£2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3f6c; Rape, 2%@
2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, s@s\4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75#2; Green, $1 90®
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angoles Egg Plant, 12H^15c per IT>;
Green Peppers, 124@15c; Tomatoes, $2(f2 50
per box.
Potatoes show no change. Onions are weaker.
Vegetables range about the same.
POTATOES— River Reds, nominal; Riverßur
banks. tOQGOe per sack; Oregon Burbanks, 40@
60c; Petaluma Burbanks. Fi@6oc per sack: new
Potatoes, %@l%c per tb In sacks and 50c@$l
In boxes.
ONlONS— Australian Jobbing at $4@4 50; new,
40tgT,nc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 323 boxes As
paragus. 115 boxes Rhubarb. 639 sacks Peas
and 77 sacks Beans.
Asparagus. $2 25<i?2 50 for extra large; $1 50® I
2 per box for No. 1, 50cff$l 2n for small: Rhu- !
barb, 60'oS5c per box for small to good and i
90gtf$l for extra choloe; Green Peas, 75cf $1 25 i
per sack: Garden P»as, 2c per lb: String
Beans, 5^90; Wax Beans, "©Re: Horse Beans
40@50c per sack: Summer Squash, J Ktfl 2o per
box; Dried Peppers. «®7o per lb: Dri^d Okra
12Uc; Cabbage. EOOWe per etl; Carrots. 30^50c
per sack: Marysville Cucumbers, 65w£$l 25 per
box; Mexican Tomatoes, - — - per box; Garlic,
5c per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES-
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lb: sliced desiccated, 16®lSc: granulated raw
13^; Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c-
Cabbage. 30n; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern brought $6®fl.Ko for hens, $,"
for old roosters,s3 50 for ducks and 12c for tur
keys. Another car will be put on to-day. Lo
cal stock is nominal.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc for Gob
blers and 9@llc for Hens: Geese, per pair, 75c©
$1; Goslings, <H@l6o:< Ducks. $3<{r3 50 for old
and $3@4 50 for. young; Hens, $4 50®6; Roos
ters, young, |7@9; Roosters, old, $3 75i@'4- Fry
ers, $s@«: Broilers, $4<?fs for large. $2<g3 50
for small; Pigeons. $1 25@1 60 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
.■•■' -1: BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is a fraction weaker again. Cheese
Is unchanged. Eggs art firm and slightly
higher. - ,■, ■ ; •■
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18%©19 c; sec
onds, 17%<jjlSc.
Dairy-Choice to fancy, 16%@17%c; common
grades, 15@16c per lb.
Eastern — Imitation creamery IS®
18Ho; ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Elgin, 17
@ISC.
.■ * CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9c: old, 7^<a
B%c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America
lOtfMlc; Eastern, 12<0)13c. '
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 15@16H0 per dozen; store !
Eggs, 13V4@15c; Eastern, 14&@15c; Duok Eggs, j
16c. ■ : ■
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The. heated term of the past two or three days
has played havoc with Cherries, and they are
coming In split, cooked and ■:; mushy, . which
seriously hurts their Bale and explains the low
prices. Strawberries also ' Buffered.
Receipts of Peaches ; ' suddenly Increased [to
220 boxes. Many of them are windfalls and
so small and . poor that ; nobody wants them
Apricots continue to run very small, I but they
are steady. Plums are dull. - . .-..
Berries and Currants ranged about the same
Oranges are lower under heavy receipts of
£0 cars. • '
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ; .
Receipts were 258 chests of Strawberries and
4SS9 boxes of Cherries and 928 boxes Apricots
Strawberries $2<3~4 per chest for large and I
$s@B for small berries In basket, and for I
loose. ■ .
White Cherries, 20@300 per box; black, 25@50c- I
Royal Annes, 35©50 c; loose Cherries, l@lHo for
white and l@3c per lb for black, and 3c for
Royal Anne.
Currants, $2@3 50 per chest.
Blackberries, 75<§'90c per crate and per ■
drawer. '■■ - ■ - - ..■ ■ •
Plums, 50@7»c per crate and 40<375c per box-
Cherry Plums, 20@40c per drawer, and 35<S50c
per box. .
Apricots, 50@75c per. box and 75c#$i per
crate for Royals.
Peaches, 66c@$l per box. ,;i- '»
Gooseberries, l@2c per lb for common and
4<g)sc for English. , . - ' " ;
Newcastle Raspberries, $1 25 per crate; Near
by Raspberries. $s@lo per chest.
Apples, 60c(35l 50 per box; new Apples, 40@600
per box and 4i'i'</,'oc per basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 75133.
Seedlings, 75i-r si 25; Lemons, 60c® Jl for com
mon and $1 2552 for good .to -choice; Mcxi- I
can Limes, /s3@4;- California Limes, in
small boxes, 40@50c: •.. Bananas, ;■ $1 25@2 per I
bunch; Pineapples. , $S@4 per dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots, \\<Q
6c for 40-50' s, 4%@4>4c for 50-60' a .": 3%@4c ' , for
60-70' s, 3^4@3Hc for 70-80' s, 2%(g'3c "for 80-Ws. 2%
g2%c for 90-100' j Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, ' sVs@
«c; peeled, 10@12y*c; Apricots, £i@6V4c for Royals
and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moor parks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7V4@Bc: sun-dried, 4%@5c; Black
Figs ./In sacks, 2®2%c; Plums, 4^4j4%c few
pitted and I%@lV4c for unpitted; bleached
Plums, s@6^4c; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2V4@4%0 for quarters and 3@5%c
for halves, according to color,, etc. . .
RAISINS— l%@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown. - 3%c for four-crown, • 4V.C for : Seedless '
Sultanas, ; 2%c for : Seedless Muscatels and $1® |
110 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c. >■
— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lt>; I
Walnuts. 3@4c for hardshell and'°4@6c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3@4c . . for ■ hardshell,' 6@7c for I
Boftshell, B%@9c for paper-shell ;« Peanuts. 4@ ]
6V4c for Eastern ; and 4V4c for California; Pc- j
cans, 6%<5"8c;- Filberts, 9H@loc; : Brazil Nuts,
B(g~9c per lb; Cocoanuts,, $4 60@5 per 100. ;-.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc r for bright and 6@7c
for lower . grades; water-white extracted, 6%© j
6c; light amber extracted. 4%@5V4c per J.
BEESWAX— per It). ■
PROVISIONS.
Rule firm with' a good. demand.
CURED i MEATS— Bacon, : 9c per . ft ; for
heavy, ; 9V4c ' for light ; medium. ■* 10c • for ._ light,
lie for.extra light and 12@12M>c for sugar cured;
Eastern >• sugar-cured * ■ Hams, ' 10%@llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9!4@10c; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; ' Family Beef, $12; ~£ Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime j Pork, $10; extra -clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12V4c per
lb. v--■■■■■-■.■v --■■■■■-■.■ ;. . .■....?.■■.■■.; ■.■:'.- ':•-:.■■:.;:•■.■■
• — Eastern, ' tierces '■ quoted at ' 6c " per ft
for compound -. and ■ B%c for : pure; \ palls, 9Vic; |
California tierces, . sVic > per "' ft :-. for compound j
and 7^c .= for pure; - half barrels, 7%c; 10-ft ;
tins, BUc ; 5-ft . tins, 1 B\c. • • ' ' - . ■.; . ";
COTTOLENE— '-- 6%@7Vic; .. : packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-ft \ pails. ■ 60 In a case, 9%c; |
3-rb pails, 20 In a case,B%c; 6-lD palls, 12 In a !
case, B%c; 10-!T> .palls, 6 In a case, 8%c; : 50-ft
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c;' wooden buckets, 28
lbs net, BV4c; fancy tubs. ■-. 80 TT>s net, ■!%<:;• half
barrels, ; about : 110 , lt>s, 7%c per ; It). ; ?t
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
• HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs ; and . brands sell
about 'lc ; under , the ! quotations. Heavy x Baited
steers, r 10@104c: or, medium, o *§>9V4e; S light. 9c;
Cowhides, ; B@9Hc;t Stags, 6c; salted \ Kip, 9%c;
Calf, l»c; • dry. ; Hide*. , }6fto; cuUfl and brands,
13@13V4c;dry Kip and Veal, 15@16c; dry Calf,
18!ff20c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins. 20@37%c each;
Kids, 6<g>loc; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c
*er !b; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20«30c each; short wool. 40@70c
each; medium. 70@90c; long wool, 90c@$l 30
each. Horsehldes, salt. $2f?-2 SO for large, and
$1 50@2 for small; Colts, 25<Sf>0c; Horsehides,
dry, $1 E0«?2 for large and $i@l 50 for small;
Colts, 25<g50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3<§>3>&c per It>;
No. 2. 2@2V4c: refined. 4V4f?4 ! !4c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. San Joaquin. defective, 70
9c: Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
17<0l8c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@12%c per It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
An advance In dressed Hogs Is the only
change. Live Hogs are steady.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c; choice, 6%c; second
quality b l /zc\ third quality, 4<§>sc per lt>.
YEAL — Large, 4©sc; email, 6<&7c per tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H@Sc; Ewes. 7@7%c per
!b.
LAMB— Spring. K'SSHc per !t>.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4*4@4%c for large. 4%@4^»c
for medium and 3 l i<s4c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3c; dressed Hogs," 6iS7c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Ornin Raps, .Tunp-July. 514®
sV£c; Wool Bags, nominal : Pan Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 25 in hulk and 111 50 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cu'je, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered. 6^c; Dry
Granulated, sTfcc; Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 5%c; Extra C, 6%c; Golden C, s*4c;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, c%c per
Tb; half -barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, June 8.
Flour, qr skfl ... 6,738 Hay, tons 254
Wheat, ctls 410 Straw, tons 10
Rye. ctls 420 Wool, bales 271
Tallow, etls 236 Eggs, doz 12,210
Cheese, ctls 22 Leather, rolls ... 181
Beans, sks 29 Hides, no 65S
Potatoes. Kks ... 2,259 Wine, gals 60,000
Onions, sks 140 Pelts, bdls 205
Bran, sks 3.040 Quicksilver, flsk. 100
Middlings, sks .. 40
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 14.446 Potatoes, sks ... 204
Wheat, ctls 30.250 Bran, sks 1,115
Barley, ctls 9,030 Shorts, sks 3.5
Oats, ctls 3,830 Wool, bales 265
OREGON.
Floor, qr sks ... 9,725|8ran, nks 6.805
Wheat, ctls 1.400 Shorts, eks 5.129
Barley, ctls 1.610 1 Potatoes, ska 1.375
Hay. tons lOjßye, ctls 620
Oats, ctls „_.... 6301
EASTERN.
Corn, etls ...—.. B.Boo|
UTAH.
Hay. tons 10 1
NEVADA.
Hay. tons 20 i
THE STOCK MARKET.
An advance In Sierra Nevada to 75c was the
only noteworty feature to mining stocks yester
day.
The sugar stocks were strong on the Bond
Exchange, and Hawaiian Commerlclal ad
vanced to $23 37' .
The Chollar Mining Company haa levied an
issespment of 15 cents per share, delinquent
ruly 12.
The Savage Mining Company haa levied an
assessment of 10 cents per share.
The Laird Mining Company of Placer County
has levied an assessment o£ 10 cents per share,
delinquent June 25.
The Morning Star Mining Company of lowa
Hill, Placer County, has declared another divi
dend at the rate of $5 per share.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are as
follows:
Con. Cal & Va.— 1550 level— From north drift
skirting along the footwall from the Incline up
raiFe at a point ITS feet on the slope above this
level, 70 feet in from its mouth, east crosscut
No. 3 has been advanced 14 feet, passing
through porphyry streaked with quartz, the
latter assaying $3 per ton; total length 91 feet.
From the incline upraise No. 1 at a point 112
feet above the Bill floor of this level, from the
south drift at a point 300 feet in from its mouth
near the end of the east crosscut, the north
drift opposite the south drift has been ad
vanned 6 feet, passing through quartz assaying
$5 per ton; total length 70 feet. From the end
of this north drift a west drift has been ad
vanced 17 feet, passing through quartz assay
ing from '6 to $10 per ton. 1650 level — From in
cline upraise No. 1 at a point 60 feet above
the sill floor of this level, from the south drift
skirting along the footwall, which Is in a total
length of ITS feet, we are repairing and retlm
bering the drift. We are also repairing up
laiSf No. 2 from this level upward. From the
old east crosscut on the sill floor of this level,
at a point 83 feet in from its mouth from the
upraise carried up 15 feet above the sill floor
from the north end of the openings we have
upraised 28 feet, passing through porphyry with
streaks and bunches of ore, from which we
have extracted 30 tons of low grade ore assay
ing, per mine car samples, $7 19. 1750 level —
On the eleventh floor from the north drift
from the east drift, at a point 2S feet In from
its mouth from the end of the north drift,
which Is in a total length of 18 feet, the west
drift has been extended 20 feet, passing through
quartz and porphyry assaying $2 and $7 per
ton; total length 37 feet. No ore has been ex
tracted from the mine for milling during the
week.
Sierra Nevada, Rlley Tunnel— During the
week we stoped out from the fourth and fifth
floors 175 mining car loads of ore. The average
assays of car samples were as follows: Gold,
$42 96; silver, 10.31 ounces per ton. Have hauled
to the Nevada mill during the week 234 tons
and 600 pounds of ore and milled about the
same amount. The average assays from bat
tery samples was $4f> 30 gold and 10.89 ounces
of silver per ton. On May 29 shipped 26,7<Ki
pounds of sulphurets (undried) to Selby & Co.,
and received returns from 27/iIS pounds of sul
.phurets, which were shipped to Selby & Co.
on May 22. The cash receipts from the 27,018
pounds was $11,375. On June 2 shipped one bar
of bullion to the United States Mint at Carson,
weighing 142S and 20-100 ounces, of the par
value of $2503 2". The west crosscut from the
south drift from a point 50 feet south from
the tunnel has been advanced 24 feet; total
length S4 feet; face In porphyry and clay.
On the 900 foot level of the Union shaft work-
Ings of the Sierra Nevada west crosscut No.
6, at a point 100 feet north from crosscut No.
5, was advanced 9 feet: total length, 127 feet;
face In gprphyry with seams of clay, with a
strong flow of water from the face and roof.
Brunswick Lode, Consolidated California and
Virginia, Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry —
600 level — The Joint south drift from the sta
tion has been advanced 20 feet; total length,
524 feet; face in porphyry. The shaft has been
sunk 14 feet on the Incline; total depth, 1100
feet; bottom In porphyry. The joint west
crosscut started from the south drift at a point
600 feet from the station, was advanced 7, feet;
total length. 129 feet; It was discontinued.' Have
resumed work in the Joint east crosscut started
in the south drift 500 feet from the station and
advanced It 8 feet; total length. 24 feet; face
In porphyry and quartz. Sutro tunnel level-
Joint north drift from the Sutro tunnel has
been cleaned out and repaired a distance of 33
feet; total length, 100 feet.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter
says: During the week we have been repair-
Ing track, putting In ore chutes and over
hauling the mill, which will start crushing on
or about June 10.
For the month of May the mining, milling
and other corporations on and around the Corn
stock paid out a total of $53,955 to employes.
The pay rolls were about $3000 less than fur
the previous month, and included the follow
ing: Andes (estimated). $400; Con. California
and Virginia, $767?; Ophir, $2002; Mexican
$1«26; Best & Belcher. $1936; Gould & Curry
J2259; Utah, $741; Occidental (estimated), $1500-
Alta (estimated), $25<i0; Brunswick Lode, 16035;
Crown Point. $.U4; Belcher. $1423; Yellow Jack
et. $14«4; Confidence. $103; Challenge. $103; Im
perial. $261: Seg. Belcher, $6fi; Savage, $2700-
Chollar. $1896: Bullion. $S7; Potosi, $2462; Union
Shaft. $2091; Sierra Nevada, $1575; Alpha, $652-
Overman (estimated), $1000; Caledonia (esti
mated), $500.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, June 6—2 p. m.
:, V Bid. Ask. '• ' , Bid.Ask.
Is quar c0up..U0%112 Oakland Gas.. 4S 4S«
Is l quar reg...lOß'> Pac Gas Imp.. 864 87
Is quar new. . .123 124 , Pac L C 0 ..... 52 —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 86% 87%
"al-st (Jab'6s.ll4% — : San Fran f .... 3>4 —
Cal El 6s .....125 —«: Stock Gas .... 12 —
DC, Wat .101- — Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Firem's Fund. 185 — '
E L & P; 65.. 127%— Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65.U3 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
jeary-st R ss. — , 98 Bank of Ca1.. 143 245
HC & S 5Vi5..100 105 Cal SD & T 97 —
t^"- L -Co Bs. — .100, First Nat ■';'... 2o2U2lo'
Do gntd-68.. — 103 Lon P&. A 127i| —
Market-st = rß',";r 8 ',"; 126 - Mer Exchange 10 15 .
vt Do Ist M 55..113H114 Nev Nat 8... 152^160 J
S1"S 1 " Vm 6s Ist - 97* ' Savings Banks-
N C NO ; Ry 7s : 10S v ~ - : Ger S & L . . 1400 1600
5 ; § y ' S* <!S! S • \™,z 108 Hum S & L- 1050 1160
N RjrCal<6e..lOOV4— ' Mutual Say. - 42U
NPC R ROs.lOl". — v s F sav.U:: — 600
NPC R R 55.100% - 3 ALSO..::-. ' 100 :
Dak Gas 58..':. 100 * — Security SB 250 " —
; Do 2d is 55. .108^110 ■• Union . T Co: 950 •• —
%mjL*B% m jL*B 6s - ; --'-}^ m l street Rallroad-
P:&O 55......110 — " California ....108% —
P& Cl Ry 65.i08V4 — Geary t.-.v.V'vv; 40s, -
Powell-Bt-:65...118 120 Mark .... 53% 63tf
Reno WL&L..IOO - Presidio -^ . 8«i
Sac Elecßyss.loo — Powder— ;..-.•.
3F& N P 55.107 Vi — California -:...".125 160 ?
BierraACal::6s. — ■.= 103 f E Dynamite ..85 —
a P of Ar 65.. 104% — : Giant (Jon Co. 4551 46^i
S P Cal 65....- 113 ViK0r1t ;.::....; 3$ "C
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
BP'Br Bs .-..::—-: 113U Al Pac Assn.. 93% 94
S V Wat 6s...U»i};il7>4 Gen Ld Wks..llo —
8 V<Wat'4s.T.loU4lol»; Hana P C 0.... 12 —
Stock f Gas ; 65. ; — 103 HC& S • Co.. 22% 23
' •'. Water Stocks— , .v Hutch S P. Co.' 49V4 49*.
Contra Costa.: SSV» 60 ,• Mer v Ex Assn. 90 * — -
Marln Co :.".:. 50 --■'— V: Nat Win' C 0... — ■','.■■ 6 '
Spring Valley. 99% 99V4 Oceanic S Co; 60«, i 60%
)■>■■■ Gas •- & Electric— ' -.. Pac . Ar F L.... ■■■ 1% —
1 Sent' Gaslight. 105 — Pac'Bot Co.-.V. — ; 102>4
Mutual El Co. — V 11% Par Paint Co. 7 — ?.\
■' "• '■ . • Morning Session. '
, 5 Eastern Dynamite; ..'....'.. V.'..i\..i.';.,'.,' 85 00 =
175 Spring Valley Water 99 50
75 Market-street Railway 53 25
215 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 75
100 do do 22 62%
40 Hutchinson S P Co 49 25
45 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 25
10 do do 60 50
25 Vlgorlt Powder 3 37%
10 Giant Powder Con " 46 00
50 Alaska Packers' Association 93 62%
Afternoon Session
105 Hutchinson S P Co 49 50
60 do do "49 62%
6 Spring Valley Water 99 50
100 Vigorit Powder 3 25
15 Market-street Railway 53 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 25
50 do do 23 12%
335 do do 23 00
25 do do b 12 23 00
40 do do b 6 23 00
25 do do b 3 23 00
105 Oakland Gas 48 00
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 50
Street—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 93 62V 2
JSOOO S F & N P Ry Bonds 107 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Street fcalea.
140 Hawaiian C & S Co 22 62%
100 Hutohlnson S P Co 49 00
SO do do 48 87%
Afternoon Session
20 Market-street R X Co 53 00
20 Hawaiian C & S Co 22 62%
MINING STOCKS.
- Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 24 j200j 200 Savage OS
300 Con Cal & Va.. 47 200 Sierra Nevada.. 64
100 Gould & Curry.. 15 100 Utah ..s; 06
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 10 600 Mexican 19
500 Chollar 13 200 N G & C 25
200 Crown Point ... 12 100 Sierra Nevada . . 75
100 Gould & Curry.. 18 300 Union Con 09
100 17 100 Utah 06
100 Justice 07
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
ZOO Best & Belcher.. 24; 250 Sierra Nevada... 64
300 Chollar 14|200 62
200 Con Cal & Va.. 47 850 62" 2
300 Crown Point ... 11 700 67
800 Gould & Curry.. 16 300 68
500 Mexican 19 200 ...'.. . 71
400 Ophir 34 200 70
(00 Potosl 18 500 Union Con 08
300 Savage 08 700 09
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 09|700Ophlr 35
300 Belcher lo,6ooPotosl 18
200 Challenge Con... 23 600 Sierra Nevada. . 7'
150 Con Cal & Va.. 4ft 1300 74
900 60 800 75
600 Crown Point ... 12 300 70
W>o Gould & Curry.. 18 600 Union Con 09
750 Justice 07 800 Yellow Jacket... 22
1800 Mexican 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, June »— 4 p. m.
.. . Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 07 08
Alf a ..., 09 10 Kentuck 05 06
Andes 08 OS Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 09 11 Mexican 18 19
Best & Belcher 24 26 Occidental 65 —
Bullion _ 05 Ophir 33 35 !
Caledonia 25 26 Overman 07 OS I
"hollar 12 13 Potosi 16 18
Challenge Con. 23 25 Savage 08 09
Con Cal & Va. 48 49 Seg Belcher ... 03 05
Confidence 35 — Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 68 70
Crown Point ... 11 13 Silver Hill — 06 i
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 1551 65
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 08 10 i
Gould & Curry. 16 18 Utah 08 07 !
Hale & Norcrs. — 95 Yellow Jacket. 20 22 i
Julia — 02
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Louise Gray to Albert and Jeanne I. Abrams
lot on S line of San Francisco street 77 W of
Van Ness avenue, W 32:3 by S 82:6- $10
■■ City and County of San Francisco to John
Pulotti, lot on NW corner of Sacramento and
Stelner streets, W 31:9 by N 103- —
Jacob A. Wilkens to Anna H. C. Haajes and
H. Hencken, undivided 2-12 of lot on S\V cor
ner of Nineteenth and Mission streets,. S 25 by
W 90; $10. '
Jacob Y. and Margaret J. Jackson to James
Curley, lot on \V line of Dolores street. 192-6
5 of Army, N 84:6, W 90, S 25, E 50, S 95 E
15, NE to beginning; $10.
Felton and Sereta I. - Taylor to Edgar L
Hoag.lot on SW corner of Valley and Castro
streets, W 560. S 228, E 435, N 28. E 125. N 200;
Sophie Kaufmann to Henry L. Kaufmann, lot
on N line of Francisco street, 87:6 W of Stock
ton. W, 25 by N 68:6: gift.
E. R. and Emma G. Tutt to L. H. Sly. lot
5? by 'i ne f .E. E i Ils street > 87:6 Eof Mason, E
ou oy d 100 ; $10.
L - H. and Lizzie Sly to Charlotte F. Clarke.
same : : $10. • . t .■
Rachel A. , Macdougall to Henry N. Clement. !
i undivided 1-3, commencing 18S:4V4' E of Jones i
street and 80:6 S of O'Farrell, E 2S:IOU by S
6 Son e of C? rl | Kht ° f Wa> ' ° f alley along i
Henrietta G. Witzemann to Christina H. S
and Emllie W. C. • Witzemann, lot on SE line
of Howard street, 200 NE of Second, NE 25 by
SE ■ 85; $10. ■ - . " ,
Mary M. B. Martin to Joseph Rezink, lot on
Is line of M street, 32:6 W of Tenth avenue
W 25 by N 100; $10. . .
Thomas R. and Louise Goth to Ella M. Goe
lot 17, block 28, Sunnyside; $10.
Ella M. Goe to Nannie E. Hardies, same;
James Hagan to Phlneas F. Ferguson, lot on I
W line of Madrid street. 75 S of France avenue j
.50 by W. 100, lot 8, block 25 Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
Mary C. and Michael J. Fottrell to Albin B. i
and Julia A. Donnelly, lot on NE line of i
Seneca street. 237 NW of Delaware. NE 30
NW 116:8%. SW 30:2%, SE 120:6; $10. ' I
J. W. and Bessie H. Stetson to George S.
! Beadle, lot on E comer of Eleventh avenue
and G street, SE 150 by NE 100. block 504
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $10.
Paul H. Cordes to same, lot on S corner of ''■■
Twenty-second avenue and L street, SW 100 i
by SE ; 75, block 436, same; $10. ;
, Same to same, ■ lot on E corner of Eleventh
! avenue and G street. SE 150 by NE 100 " block !
i 204, same: $10. ; -.' ■■:>
I Odd Fellows' .' Cemetery ; Association to Ellen
. Magee, lot 15, Plat No. 1, Magnolia Section; |
Alameda County.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to F '
Reinstadler, lot 45 in plat 30, Mountain View j
Cemetery, Oakland Township; $28.
Johanna O'Neill, to Bridget Sullivan, lot on !
E line of Llese avenue, ' 540 N of East Four- '
teenth street, N 50, E 126.92, thence to a point
50 W. 137.18 to beginning, being lot 26, block !
A. corrected • map of Linda Rosa Tract Brook- i
lyn Township; gift. i ■ .
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to David '
C. Hancock, lot on S line of Eagle avenue 44 E
of Willow street, E 40 by S 125, Alameda; $10. '
James Hagan to Phlneas. F. Ferguson, lots i
1. 2, 3, 11 and 12. block 40, Town of Livermore
Murray Township; $10.
Nicholas and Angela Rattl to Tito Resales
lot on NE line of X street. 100 SE of Park, SE
100 by NE 150, block 16, . Northern Addition to ■
same, Murray Township; $250.
E. S. and Nettle C. Harper to Aguillo Hol
brook. the NE corner lot 99,' In plat 13, Moun
tain View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $1.
: - John E. and Maggie G. McDonald .to Victor
F. Hoelscher, lots 9 and 10, block 4, • Case
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
- Henry Z. and Sarah •M. Jones to G. L and ,
Ida E. Marshall, lots 4 and 5. block A, Allen- I
dale Annex. Brooklyn Township: $10. •-.■
j Charles H. and Carrie S. Loomls to Elvira E. |
I . Gasmann. lot B. in block 25, Alameda Park j
i Homestead, Alameda: $10.
W. O. Henn to Louise I.Henn. lot on S line j
of. San Jose avenue, 99 W of Lafayette street, i
W 49 by S 150. block 14, amended map of Bart- I
lett Tract, Alameda: gift. ■
There are more English who speak trip
French language, in the proportion of a
thousand to one. than French who speak
the English language. The French are not
linguists.
"THtj CALL
CALENDAR.
June, 1898.^'" v
We
1
8
Sa
Moon's Phases.
1 2
3
10
4
11
[iCk Full Moo
W June 4.
12
v
n
15
la
16
IT
/jo-Last Quarter,
June 10.
j»2i New Moon,
W. s June 18.
VJ
26
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
SAN DIEGO BAT.
Treasury Department. Office of the Lighthouse
Board, Washington. D. C. May 31. 1898.
Notice is hereby Kiven that owing to the
planting of submarine mines in the entrance
to this harbor, and the prohibition of naviga
tion at night, the following named lights were
discontinued May «r until further notice:
Ballast Point.
Beacon No. 2.
La Playa.
Beacon No. 6.
Diamond Beacon.
During thick or foggy weather the fog bell
at Ballast Point Light Station will be sounded
only between the hours of 4 a. m. and 8 p. m.
This notice affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. 1897, page 10, Nos.
9R6 to 990, and the List of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast, 1897, page 12. By order of the
Lighthouse Board.
FREDERICK V. McNAIR.
Commodore, U. P. N., Chairman.
NOTICE TO 1-ARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants" Kxchange. is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit ol
manners without regard to rationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete :eU of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the tlmeball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if an 7, is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by th«> morning papers the fo. lowing day.
C. P. WELCH. Ensijrn. 0. 8. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street -r-harf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Port Point;
the height of tide is the same at both place 3.
JUNE— IS 9-*.
Tuesday, June 7.
Bun nnes 4:47
Bun sets 7:80
Moon ri5e5.. ...... :.-..'......;.... ........10:39 r. m
jji??22|Feet|l!E!2l
kHW L W
!»»»._ i
H W
L W
' » : l^
6 1:17
9 2:24|
10 3:391
111 501
IL W
12i OSJ
7:161 —1.11 3:(X)l
5 9 8:25| —0.7 3:471
S.^ 9:1«— 0 1 4:aS!
5.1 10:118 0.5: J:IX
♦••I 11:06 1.11 fi:01
4.1 H W L W
7.0 6:26 3.9 1?:00
4.7 7:27
4P 8:40
5 0 9:59
5.r 11: is
5.3!
H W
1.6 6:4b
5.4
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tlfles
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as .0 time Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column elves th»
last tide of the day, except when there are but
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minu sign (—) precedes the helghth
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters
BTEAMEMS TO ARHIV'K.
Crescent Cttv.. Crescent City
Beljric China ana Japan....
City of Para.... Panama ,
Homer Newport ..."."«!
Arc.ita Coos Bay
Ohtlkat Eel River
Washtenaw Tacoma '.'.".
Valencia Alaska
Humboldu. D.vra
Oreeon Portland
Nortn Port — tiumoowt
San Mateo Comox
Tltania Nanaimo
Santa Rosa.... San Dieeo
Pulton Portland ....
Onlo Seattle
Wellington L>et>arture Bay
Orizaba Humoolat t
Walla Wa11a . . .. Victoria & Pus-et Sound . .
Coiumoia Portjana
Coos Bay Newport „
Curacao Mexico
Pomona Pan Dlfjro
ne 8
ns 8
'no S
>n« 9
na 3
ne» 8
'ne 8
ne 9
ne '■>
ne 9
me 9
fne 10
me 10
me 10
me 11
fne 11
me 11
me 12
me 12
me 13
ne U
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
BTXAMKR. I DXBTTS-ATlOirl
Jity Puebla i
:hukat.... I
it. Paui.... I
g-an Cy.
aba.. ..
B Of C&l
Bias...
iona
la
ler
ita |
I St. Mlchaei... I June 7. 4pm
HumbolcU.... (June 7.10 am
i Portland I June 8. H) am
Panama 'June 8. li Ml
San Dlero June 8. 11 ik
Humboldt — June 9.10 am
Newport June 10. Diir
Coos Bay. Jnne 10.10 am
■Alaska. June 10
! Alaska. June 10
i Vie &, Pet Snd June 10, 10 am
| Humboldt.... June 10. V am
Alaska June U. 2 pm
Portland June 11. 10 am
I Alaska June 11. 2 pm
! S.in Diejro .... June 12. 11 a m
\ Oregon Ports June 12, 10 am
jHumbolcU ... June 13. Max
iPortlana June U. 10 am
[Alaska Junel*
'Newport June 14. » am
Pier —
Pier 3
jPlar 1!
IPM S3
Pi«r li
Pier 2
Pier U
Pier IS
Pier 9
Pier 13
9 W 4
Pier 12
Pier 8
Pier 11
)reg-on
>elanaw . i
>ant» Rosa
•"niton !
ionn Fork-
Columbia..
Pier '5
Pier 12
Jieveland..
Pierii
?oor Kav. . I
TIME BALL..
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, June
6, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropp^i
I exactly at noon to-day—l. c.. at nooon of t.ia
! 120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
! time. C. P. WELCH.
Ensign, U. S. N., In charge.
j — ■ —.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
, ,_ _ _ _- _.-»_,-._.- w -.._— ._— _ — .— . . _ . _
ARRIV
Sunday, ."une 6.
Schr Lettitla, Wilson, 4H days from Coos
! Bay.
i Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 9 days from Grays
Harbor. -
SAILED.
" Sunday, June 5.
Stmr Coqullle River. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
r l;V; : ARRIVED.
;.;^i Monday, June 6.
Stmr Pomona, . Debney, 60^ hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 54 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound.
Bark . Gatherer, Stokbye, 11 day* from Ta
coma.
Schr Ida Sehnauer, Nielsen, B0 hours from
Moss Landing.
Schr Gotoma, Dedrlck, 3V4 days from Coos
j Bay. .
Schr Bessie X, Adler, 19 hours from New
I Haven.-
Schr Enterprise, . Ingwerdsen, 10 days from
I Grays Harbor.
Schr Eliza Miller. Christiansen, 10 days from
j Grays Harbor.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Austin, 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Ostlln, 30 hours from Iver
sens Landing.
Schr Thomas S Nogus, Erratt, 18 days from
Cooks Inlet.
Schr Berwick, Anderson, 5% days from Slus
| law River.
Schr J G Wall. Bjornstrom, — days from
Albion. Up river direct.
CLEARED.
Monday, June 6.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka: Goodall
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Bktn S N Castle. Hubbard. Honolulu; J D
I Spreckels & Bros Co.
Brig Consuelo. Jacobsen, Mahukona; J D
! Sprpckels & Bros Co. :-• :?r ■'■
Schr Compeer, Larsen, Port Clarence: Roth,
Blum & Co.
Schr Wing and Wing, Slmmle, Apia; John
] Wightman Jr.
SAILED.
Monday, June $.
: Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro.
I Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendoclno,
Brig. Consuelo, Jacobsen. Mahukona.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrup.
Schr Sparrow, Dart. Eureka.
Schr Compeer, Larsen, Port Clarence.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, . June - 6—lo p. Weather,
! foggy; wind, W; velocity. 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Br bark Darra loads lumber at Taeoma
for Sydney on owners" account.
SPOKEN.
Per Thos S Nogus— April 28 In lat 56 50 N,
! long 146 50 W. whal bark John and . Wlnthrop,
, with one right whale.
I DOMESTIC PORTS. }C- : ';iZ,:
1 •NEWPORT— Arrived June 8— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Uureka.
USAL— Arrived June 6— Stmr Jewel, hence
! June 4.
Sailed June 6— Schr Edward Parke, for San.
I Francisco.
USAL-- June Stmr Newsboy, from
I San Pedro. , „ „
TATOOSH— Passed June Stmr Alliance,
I hence June 1, for Seattle.
EUREKA— June Stmr Chllkat, hno
June 4.
i PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June Schr Comet, :
for San Pedro. ■ ■■■
COOS BAY— Arrived June s— Stmr Arcata,
hence June 3. •' '■ -'.'-■■ '.
TATOOSH— Passed June 6— Haw stmr San
i Mateo, from Comox. for San Francisco.
MONTEREY— Arrived June Schr Mary B
! Russ, ■ from Portland. _
SEATTLE— Arrived June 6— Stmr Portland,
! hence June 1. '
NEWPORT— SaiIed June s— Schr Bertha Dol
'< beer, for Eureka. ■.
I . EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed June 4— Ship Jabez
! Howes, for San Francisco.
j FOREIGN ,4, 4 PORTS.
: SYDNEY— Arrived June 3— Br stmr Warrtmoo
from Vancouver. •
FALMOUTH— Arrived June •— Ft bark Villa
! de Rouen, hence Jan 25.
CAPE TOWN— June 2— Bktn Echo,
' from Tacoma.
| CORONEL— Arrived June 8— stmr Alpha,
I from Halifax.
DUNKlßK— Arrived June 4— Br ship Flint
'■ shire, hence Dec 28.
HULL— Arrived June - Br ship Bannock
burn, hence Jan 18.
YOKOHAMA— June 4— Br stmr Co
lumbia, from Tacoma. j**i • irfaifcHi ffcmaa
COLON— ; June 2— Stmr Finance, for
New York. . ■
DUNKIRK— SaiIed June 3— Ger ship Ariadne,
for Santa Rosalia. - ; " '.' - : . -■"■'.-'
LIVERPOOL— Sailed , June 4— Br ship River
side, for Esquimau. •^^gWtP'iiiipiitMlf'wpi
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed June 2— Br bark
Inversnaid. for San Francisco. - "
■ Sailed June 3— Br ship Earl of Dalhousle, for
I San Francisco.'- ' '"•rniliili»afrrifMlfflll?rri^|rtriTiiß*rfliirt*r*j • ; .
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MQRTGA6E & SAVINGS BANK,
624 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves $830,000
A Ceneral Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denlcke, A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued,
E. Martlnoni. F. C. Siebe, A. Tognazatnl, H.
Brunner. McD. R. Venable, J. C. Bauer, F.
Kronenberg, Chas. Martin, C, Qehret, F. Tog-
nazzlni, S. Grand!. G. Rottanii.QUARRELS MAY
REVEAL FRAUD
Attorney Kinard Stirs
Up a Hornets' Nest.
JUSTICE'S FEES DISPUTED
GRAND JURY CALLED TO
GETHER TO TAKE ACTION.
Brooklyn and Oakland Townships
Officials Indulge in a War
That May Prove
Serious.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 6.
Tha fight between the constables of
Brooklyn ami Oakland townships has ta
ken on a new appearance. This morning
Attorney C. E. Kmard appeared before
the Supervisors to argue in the matter of
his protest against the bills of Consta-
Koch and Cronin and Justice F. C.
Clift of Oakland Township. Kinard as-
Berts that Koch has made arrests for
his own beneiit and has charged illegal
fees.
Kinard also alleges that Cronin has
gone outside of his district to make ar
rests and that Judge Clift has made ille
gal charges, although he offers no de
tails to substantiate his allegations.
Attorney Kinard lives in Fruitvale, and
hus, according to the Oakland officials,
ised the cause of the Brooklyn con
etables, between whom and Justice CUft'a
court there is considerable rivalry.
Kinard was preparing to iugue his
case when Mr. Roeth moved that the
whole matter be referred to the finance
committee. Mr. Church seconded the
motion. Kinard did not approve of this
summary way of dealing with his busi
ana ■aid: "I have brought poor men
here us witnesses and I us.k that their
testimony in the matter be taken now."
Attorneys Nusbaumer and M. C. Chap
man, representing the constables, stated j
that Mr. Kinard is not a taxpayer, and
Nusbaumer also suggested that he knew
■something about Mr. Kinard outside of
this case.
The niution to send the matter to the
committee was unanimously passed, and |
then Chairman Talcott asked by whuse
authority Kinard had summoned the wit
. and waa told the subpoenues were
signed by the County Clerk.
•'I want to tell you, sir," Baid Chair
man Talcott, addressing Mr. Kinard,
"that you have no right to summon wit
■ in the name of this board unless
we give you that right. A man told me
you had subpoenaed him and he was
afraid to disregard it as an order of the
:, and yet he could not come, so I
took the personal responsibility of telling
him to pay no attention to it."
District Attorney Snook informed Mr.
Kinard that he had no right to issue
a -s, upon which Mr. Chap
that probabiy Mr. Kinard
thought he was superior to the board and
t Attorney's office.
Mr. Kinard did not like these remarks,
Anally asked for authority to issue
the subpoenaes. As he was unable to
give th>' aames of the witnesses he want
ed, the whole matter went over till next
w >•• k. The attorney finally said that he
intended to bring a criminal charge
against somebody before that time.
The Grand Jury adjourned last Wednes
day to meet on the 21st inst. Foreman
Crooks has called them together for to
morrow afternoon. It is asserted t .at
the matter of constable fees and charges
is the cause of the sudden move. It is
believed that the charges and counter
■ s recently made have given the ln
- dors sufficient facts upon which
to act
Death of E. A. Pitkin.
ALAMEIiA, June G.— Klnathan Atwater
Pitkin. of 1215 Park street, died last even
• his residence at the age of S3 years.
Lsed was a native of Ohio, and for
many years resided in Oakland. He came
to Alameda to live about ten years ago.
The <ause of death was old age. His
funeral will take place to-morrow morn
ing at 10 o'clock, and the interment will
be at Mountain View cemetery.
SAFEGUARDS FOX
YUKON PASSENGERS
LOCAL BOARD OF INSPECTORS
GIVE WARNING.
River Steamers May Be Towed to the !
Gold Districts as Barges or Car
ried as Freight Only.
Considerable stir was caused in the Cus
tom-house yesterday because of a report
that the steamer Samoa, which was about
to clear for St. Michael, had been selling
tickets for sixty passengers, whereas sne
was entitled to take only thirty-five. It
wus stated also that she was to take the
river steamer Clara in tow and that this
also was an infringement of the Federal
regulations.
Collector Jackson heard of the reports,
and addressed a letter of inquiry to the
United States Local Inspectors of Steam
Vessels, and received the following note
In reply:
Colonel J. P. Jackson, Collector of Custom*—
Kir: For your Information we will state that a
large number of steamers have applied to this
board for Inspection to ply on waters of the
Yukon River and other inland waters of
Alaska. To these, river or bay craft we have
In every case granted certificates to ply on
waters of the bay of San Francisco and trlbu
• nly. Such steamers, therefore, are not
'empowered by their inspection certificates to
under steam to their destination.
We understand that some of these craft were
taken in sections, others upon the decks of Ball
ing vessels, and still others have been or are
to be towed in the wake of regular ocean
•teamers.
In the latter case It is our opinion that such
: hould be towed us Kirßep. Very re
ei>ectfully r O. F. HOLLES,
.!' iHN K. Hl't-OER,
United Ptates Local Inspectors.
Collector Jackson at once gave orders
thjit the. stories as to vessels bound for
Alaska taking on more passengers than
allowed by 1;lw should be investi
gated, and the practice stopped if such
should be the case. He called the atten
tion of masters of vessels in that trade
to the following Bection of the Revised
Statutes of the United States:
Beetioa 4465— 1t shall not be lawful to take
on board of any steamer a greater number of
L>assen<?< rs than is stated in the certificate of
and for every violation of this
provision the master or owner shall be liable
to any pf-raon suing for the same, to forfeit
the amount of passage money and ten dollars
lor each passenger beyond the number allowed.
It was found that the report as to the
Samoa taking on more passengers than
\v(-r" allowed by law was not true, and
Deputy Collector Farley, by request of
(!<rk Jerome, ]>repared the following in
structions to Colonel T. H. Craig, en
trance and clearance clerk:
The following rules regarding the clearance
of vessels f"r Alaskan ports are formulated In
accordance with the Collector* ■ Instructions.
River iti 1:1 • n Inspected at San Francisco to
navigate the water* of Kan Francisco Bay and
trihuiarleH thereof cannot be cleared for
Alaska.
If intended to take tliem to Alaska they must
he towed by some steamer which has been ln
ipected to navigate the Pacific Ocean between
San Francisco and ports In Alaska.
When a steamer having a river steamer In
tow Is cleared, an additional copy of the clear
ance of the towing steamer will be taken, by
the master and should by him be placed on
board the steamer being towed to show In case
the towed steamer breaks away from the towing
steamer through stress of weather or other un
i avoidable cause, that she Is not attempting
to navigate the high sVas in violation of law.
■ If a barge without steam or sail power Is be
ing towed, a notation of ■ the facts must be
mad« on the clearance of the towing steamer;
and if the barge Is laden with cargo a list of
raid cargo must appear on ; the manifest of th«
towing steamer under proper heading.
If a steamer Is towing a sailing vessel, both
must be required to obtain regular clearances.
If the inspection of steamers does not author
ize her to navigate the waters of the Pacific
Ocean, Including the water* of Alaska, clear
ance will be refused until the certificate of in
spection Is amended by the local Inspectors of
Hulls and Boilers. ■■ ■ •N. S. FARLEY.
. Deputy Collector of Customs.
John. K. Bulerer of the Board of Local
Inspector* of Steam Vessels, said that the
board had acted in the interest of hu
manity, to prevent the drowning of pas
sengers bound to the Yukon.
STABBED BY A SOLDIER.
Chefare Palboucchi's Coxmpleion May-
Cost Him His Life.
Chefare Palboucchl, a 16year-old boy,
was perhaps fatally stabbed by George
A. Mangen at a late hour last night.
The boy, who is very dark and some
what resembles a Spaniard, was n earing
his home on O'Farell street, when the
soldier stepped up behind him and mak
ing the remark that he was "looking for
trouble," plunged a knife into his back.
He then turned and ran, but after a short
chase was captured by Officer Prentiss.
The boy was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where Dr. Prentiss dressed the
wound. It was found that the knife had
penetrated three inches, and recovery is
doubtful.
Mangen was locked up on a charge of
assault to murder, and the only reason
for committing the crime that his friends
can give is that he took the boy to be a
Spaniard, and being drunk at the time,
was hardly aware of what he was do
ing - ~^
A Soldier Meanly Treated.
George Gergefes, a soldier, fell asleep
on Market street near Second last night.
A stranger approached htm, and in an ap
parently sympathetic manner assisted
him to his feet. In order to lighten the
burden of the servant of Uncle Sam the |
I kindhearted stranger also relieved him of |
! $4. The act was witnessed by several by- |
standers, who at once gave chase. The
! man was captured on Mission street and
I arrested by Officer Bush, who took him to
! the Central Police Station, where he was I
charged with robbery. The man gives his
name as George Dunbar.
~m~.
Wants an Accounting.
Burnette G. Haskell, the attorney, has
been sued by Noble Fisher for an ac- )
counting. Fisher alleges that he em- :
ployed Haskell as his attorney in a fore-
Closure suit in November of 1896, to re- ;
cover money due on a note secured by a
mortgage on the steamer Dwyer. Ilus
kell sold the steamer in pursuance of an- :
thority conferred by a power of sale, but
the plaintiff in the action filed yesterday
1 claims that a complete settlement of tho :
i trust has not as yet been made by the at
! torney and he now prays the court for
an order to compel Haskell to render an
! accounting.
He Was Not a Burglar.
Lawrence Reynolds, the member of
Company B, South Dakota Regiment, I
who was arrested early Sunday morning
on the charge of attempting to enter the
! house of Charles Hackmeier on Broderjck
street, was sent to the camp by Judge
Low yesterday in charge of a lieutenant ,
of his" company. It was shown that Key- '
nolds was too drunk to know what he was ;
doing and Hackmeier declined to swear to
I a complaint against him.
SUMMER SCHOOL
BEGINS ITS SESSION
Learned Educators to Instruct Coast
Students Gathered at Pa
cific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal.. June 6.— ;
The opening session of the Pacific Grove
Bummer School was held this morning in
! the public school building, and almost all ;
j the departments entered at once upon
! their eight weeks 1 work. This school is
I designed to fill the gap occasioned by the
I closing of the Stanford University sum
i mtr school, and also to take the same j
I relative position with regard to Pacific
! Coast States as that of the Chicago Uni
i versity summer school to the States of the ;
1 Middle West. The instructors of this j
I school are men and women of note from
both the University of California and
I Stanford University.
The eleven departments of school work
: will be presided over as follows:
Classics— Greek, Isaac Flagg, Ph. D., ;
professor of classical philology at the uni
versity of California; Latin. William A.
Merrill, Ph. D., L. H. D.. professor of ;
Latin language and literature in the I'nl- ;
versity of California, and R. W. Husband,
A. M., University of California.
Modern languages— German, Julius Goe- ;
bel, Ph. D., professor of Germanic litera- i
ture and philology at Stanford University,
and Valentine Buehner, graduate Nation
al German-American Normal School;
! French and Spanish. F. J. A. Davidson, |
A. It, assistant at Stanford University; ;
English, Kwald Flugel, Ph. D., professor;
of English philology at Stanford; Irving
C. Outcalt, A. M., Stanford.
Sciences— Mathematics, Charles E. Cox, !
A. M., assistant professor of mathematics;
j at Stanford; physics, D. W. Murphy, Ph. I
I D., assistant professor of physics at Stan- j
j ford.
The department of history will be con
! ducted by Clyde A. Dunniway, and Helen i
M. McGillivray of Stanford will have
1 charge of the department of hygiene and
physical culture. Lectures in law will be
delivered by Lester J. Hinsdill. A. 8.. of
j Stanford, and a course of instruction in
' education will be given by Edwin D. Star
j buck, Ph. D., assistant professor of edu
cation at Stanford. The school will con
tinue eight weeks, closing on July 29.
DIXON BESTS SANTRY
IN TWENTY ROUNDS
Gains the Decision at the End of a
Clean and Scientific
Contest.
NEW YORK, June 6.— George Dixon,
the harfl> colored boxer, gained a deci
sion over Eddie Santry of Chicago, be
; fore the Lenox Athletic Club to-night, j
j They fought twenty clean and scientific i
, rounds, in which Santry proved himself \
j a clever ring general. His defensive work i
was admirable, and he was very shifty
' and cleverly blocked m;iiiy of Dixon's
i leads. Both were comparatively fresh at
; the end of the twentieth round, and while
I the decision of Referee Charley White
' was a just one, it did not give general
satisfaction. Neither man went to the
flo6r during the twenty rounds.
Dixon began the fight by rushing, and
the iirst round was all •Dixon's. He land
ed twice on the head, once on the wind
and twice on the ribs without receiving
I a blow in return. After the first round,
i the Chicago lad gave a good account of
himself, though Dixon continued the ag
gressor. In only one round, the sixth,
did the Chicago boy appear to have any
advantage over Dixon, but he drew the
only blood in the eleventh round, when
Dixon'a eye began to bleed, after San
try had landed a hard right on the face.
Kid McCoy was at the ring side and
; informed Matchmaker O'Rourke that he
! had Injured one of his legs while train
i Ing. O'Rourke said the McCoy-Choynski
1 bout, which was to have taken place be
! fore this club on the 27th of this month,
i would have to be postponed in conse
quence, and a bout between Dixon and
Ben Jordan of England would be substt
! tuted. McCoy and O'Rourke will meet
Choynskl's representatives to-morrow,
when another date for the match will be
arranged.
GOES TO RUSSIA
TO SEEK CONTRACTS
Irving M. Scott of the Union Iron
Works Will Build Boats for
the Czar.
NEW YORK, June 6.— lrving M. Scott
will leave for St. Petersburg on the North
German Lloyd liner Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse in the morning to seek contracts
for warships from the Russian Govern
ment. His son, Lawrence Irving Scott, a
student at Cornell University, and Dr.
George Chismore, a physician of San
Francisco, will accompany him.
When seen at the Holland House to
night, Mr. Scott said: "I wish you would
correct for me the statement that I have
been called to St. Petersburg by any offi
cial of that Government. I have, however,
sufficiently reliable information to justify
me in proceeding to Russia. There is a
disposition in other countries to patronize
America more than heretofore. I shall
probably be in Russia for two months."
Sundry Civil Bill.
WASHINGTON, June 6.— The report of
the conference committee on the sundry
civil appropriation bill was made to the
two houses to-day and accepted by the !
Senate. There was a disagreement on the
more important of the Senate amend
ments and concurrence in a majority of
the others by the House conferees.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1898.
FIRED UPON
IN THE DARK
Torpedo-Boat Destroyer
Reported Sunk.
MANY SHOTS FROM WARSHIPS
NEW YORK AND NEW ORLEANS
BOMBARD SOMETHING.
There Is a Probability That the Tar
get SfT&B a Darkened Railway
Train Moving Along
the Shore.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT DAUNT
LESS, off Santiago de Cuba, June 5
(via Kingston, Jamaica, June 6, 1
a. m.). — Whether or not the American j
fleet sank a Spanish torpedo boat de- j
stroyer on Friday night has not been I
absolutely ascertained.
At 10 o'clock Friday night the cruiser j
i New Orleans discovered what appeared j
I to be a torpedo boat destroyer close to
j the shore and signaled the flagship
; New York that it was evident that a
night torpedo attack was to be made.
The New York and New Orleans open
ed fire and their shells burst around
the dark object. Finally a 13-lnch
shell from the Massachusetts (not the !
Oregon, as first reported) was fired and j
j exploded, and the searchlights of the j
j vessels were turned on the spot where
| the supposed destroyer had been sight
i ed, but not a trace of the boat could be
i found, and it was believed by the offi
cers of the New York that she had
| been sunk.
The first assumption was that the
: vessel was the Terror, but it is believed
j now that it was the Pluton or the Fu
', ror, as the Terror is not understood to
i have been at Santiago. On Saturday I
two Schwarzkopf torpedoes were found
floating two miles south of El Morro.
This class of torpedo is used by the
Spanish, and one of the two round had
I only a practice head.
Many officials of the fleet believe that
a darkened railway train that was
; moving along the shore whs the real
object of the bombardment, instead of
! a destroyer. No wreckage has been
I found; no bodies have been noticed,
: and it is possible that the torpedoes
were some of those fired at the collier
Merrlmac when Lieutenant Hobson
sunk, her. _,^_____^____
RED CROSS WORKFRS
TO CONTROL A STORE.
Salinas Women to Reap a Rich Har
vest in the Cause of
Patriotism.
SALINAS, June 6.— The Salinas
branch of the Red Cross shipped to
headquarters at San Francisco this af
; ternoon a box containing 208 abdominal :
bandages, ISB pillow slips for hospital
use, 117 comfort bags, and seventy rolls
;of muslin bandages. There will be a
; second shipment on Thursday of more
i material and money.
The Vonderhurst-Sanborn Company
| offered the ladies'society th* use of its
'. store for one week, commencing
Wednesday, June 15, during 1 which time i
all sales in the dry goods, furnishing,
i hardware and grocery establishment '■
will be segregated and 10 per cent of
i the total sales made while in the so
l ciety's hands will be turned over to
I them. As the establishment is the '
I largest in Monterey County the returns
i will be something handsome. Already
j numerous people have signified their
i intention to make heavy purchases
'' while the Red Cross benefit is on.
MARYSVILLE, June 6.— The patri
| otic women of Marysville organized a
branch of the Red Cross Society this
afternoon with a charter roll of fifty.
| The officers are: President, Mrs. W, M.
Cutter; vice-president, Mrs. J. B. Ful
i ler; secretary, Miss Bessie Stanwood;
j treasurer, Mrs. Isaac G. Cohn; finance
j committee, Mrs. A. C. Bingham, Mrs. E.
H. Hudson, Mrs. R. G. Stanwood, Mrs.
I F. H. Greely.
.
HARRISON GRAY OTIS
NOW BRIGADIER GENERAL
The Los Angeles Editor Among the
Volunteer Army Officers Con
firmed by the Senate.
"WASHINGTON, June 6.— The following
i nominations were confirmed by the Senate
! to-day:
; To be Brigadier-Generals— Leonard W. Colby
! of Nebraska, Roy Stone of New York, Henry
| T. Douglas of .Alaryland, Harrison Gray Otis
! of Los Angeles, Cal.
Lieutenant-colonel, J. N. Andrews, Twelfth
i Infantry; colonel, K. P. Hughes, Inspector-gen
eral; lieutenant-colonel, J. B. liabcock, assist
! ant adjutant-general.
First Regiment Volunteer Engineers— To be
■ lieutenant-colonel, Captain G. W. Gothals,
i Corps of Engineers; to be majors, First Lieu
1 tenant J. ■ S. Sewell, Corps of Engineers; L.
Duncan of Maryland, L. D. Ferguson of Dis
trict of Columbia.
Second Regiment Volunteer Engineers— To be
; colonel, Willard Young of Utah, late captain
Corps of Engineers, U. S. A. ; to be majors, R.
! C. Savage of New York, Edward L. Plnckard of
I Alabama: to be division engineers with rank of
: major, Captain J. E. Kubn, Corps of En
! gineers; First Lieutenant E. W. V. Lucas,
] Corps of Engineers; to be commissaries with
i rank of major, R. Lee Longstreet of Georgia,
i E. 6. Garnett of Arkansas.
• Fourth Regiment Volunteer Infantry— be I
i lieutenant-colonel. George Cole of Connecticut;
; to be surgeon with rank of major, J. 11. Henry
i of Pennsylvania. • .
Sixth Regiment Volunteer Infantry— First
j Lieutenant A. , S. . Rowan, Nineteenth United
! States Infantry, to be lieutenant-colonel.
Eighth Regiment Volunteer Infantry— To be
! surgeon with rank of major, George T.
I Vaughan of the Marine Hospital 1 Service.
Ninth Regiment Volunteer Infantry— To be
| colonel, Captain C. J. Craln, Twenty-fourth
' Infantry; to be assistant adjutant-general with
i rank of captain, D. Elklns of West Virginia,
I now First Lieutenant First West Virginia
I Volunteer Infantry, to . be ■ assistant quarter-
I master with rank of captain, J. H. McMillan
of Michigan.
I To be colonel, Captain J. W. Lee, Ninth In
! fantry; 10 te additional paymasters, Second
! Lleuttnant G. W. Moses. Third Calvary; F.
IVatwick of New York, Jamos C\tn*jy of Col
orado.
To bo chief commissariat of yjbd'stance with
rank of n.ujor. First Lieutenant O. T. Bart
lett, Third Artillery; J. D. Black, of Noitu
Dakota.
To he commissary with rank of captain, W.
I urrr.btft jr of lowa, J. , B. ; Handy of Dela
ware.'. ■- ■ ■■' , v ■ ■ ■ ' : - ■'' • ■ ■ ■ '■• '- -'••. ..' .
■ To be chief quartermaster with rank of | ma
jor, Captain G. Ruhlen, | assistant quartermas
ter; Captain E. B. Robertson, Ninth In'antry.
To be assistant quartermaster with rapk of
captain, C. M. Forest of the District of Colum
bia, Second Lieutenant C. G. ■ Sawtelle Jr..
Second Cavalry: C. D. V. Hunt of Vermont.
First Lieutenant J. A. Perry, Eighth Infantry;
First Lieutenant A. W. Perry, Ninth 'Cavalry.
To be' assistant adjutant general with . rank
of lieutenant , colonel, is Captain V. Richards,
Sixteenth Infantry. • ... .■ ■ ■ ,
-To.be assistant adjutant general with rank
of major, Captain H. Liggett,. F'fth Infantry;
First Lieutenant H. T. Allen, 3e00a4 Cavalry.
*To be assistant adjutant general with - rank
of captain, First Lieutenant C. D. Rhodes..
Sixth Cavalry: W. D. Bates of New York. F.
M. Page of Virginia. -^ ■ •
To be Inspector general with rank of major,
I). Vickers :of Idaho. :
Also : the i advancement lof . the captains and
commanders; of Admiral Dewey's ; squadron.
Guffey Succeeds Harrity.
WASHINGTON, June 6.-J. M. Guffey
has been made the representative of the
State of Pennsylvania on the Democratic
National Committee to succeed Hon. Wil
liam F. Harrity. Harrity and Guffey
were notified of the change by Senator
Jones of Arkansas, who is chairman of
the committee. The substitution of Guf
fey's name is the result of a poll of the
National Committee made through the
mail by Senator Jones. , It grows out of
the representatives of the Democrats of
Pennsylvania, who, first through their
State committee and later through their
State convention, requested that Har
rity's name be dropped and Guffey's
added, on the general ground that Har
rity had ceased to be in accord with his
party.
PROMISES TO MEET McCOY.
Fitzsimmons Says He Will Give the
Aspirant a Fight.
NEW YORK, June 6.— The Press will
say to-morrow: Bob Fitzsimmons has
promised to meet Kid McCoy in the ring
in a battle for the championship of the
world. Mutual friends brought the big
pugilists together in the Hotel Bartholdi
last night, and- there the man who defeat
ed Corbett promised to give the new aspi
rant for heavyweight honors a chance to
prove his worth.
BILLY ELMER'S HAIR
LOST HIM MONEY.
WAS MATCHED TO FIGHT THE
CHAMPION OF HUMBOLDT.
But the Thespian's Locks Gave Him
Away and the Contest Was
Declared Off.
George Green Is supposed to be in some
Northwestern city, but his old partner,
Billy Elmer, is lecturing on "Theatricals"
and, incidentally, bagging a few dollars
by whipping the bully boy of some coun
try town.
But Billy is not always successful in
! pugilistic ventures. A traveling salesman
! for a large local firm tells the following
story of Elmer's latest adventure in the j
wilds of Humboldt County.
"On Saturday, May 28, Elmer, dressed .
in the habiliments of a woodchopper, en- j
tered the town of Swanger, where a box- j
ing entertainment was programmed for |
that evening, and, after interviewing sev- S
eral of the loading sports of the town on i
fistic matters principally, he incidentally :
challenged the winner of the light which !
i was to be the event of the evening.
"One of the contestants heard of El
mer's challenge, and he lost little time in
hunting up the "woodchopper" who was
so rash and daring as to defy the winner
of 'the event of the evening.'
"Elmer was found, after a hot ohase by I
the town bully, and asked if he meant j
i what he had said concerning that chal- j
lenge to the winner of the mill.
" 'Why, certainly, old chap. I am look-
Ing for a scrap, and I just thought I :
would take on the best in the town, as ■
! there is more money in whipping a good
man than a bad one. See?' was the Thes
pian's cool rejoinder.
"The bucolic puncher of human faces
was thunderstruck at Elmer's coolness
and audacity; but on 'sizing' up the in
vader, the challenge was accepted, after
which it was agreed that a substantial
forfeit must be posted at a certain hour
that evening to bind the match.
"Affairs pugilistic went along ewim
i mlngly until some person who had seen
Elmer perform in this city 'let the cat
: out of the bag' by informing the Thes
j plan's proposed opponent that he was up
I against a snag.
" 'I know this alleged woodchopper by
his flowing locks,' was the remark of the j
informer to the town bully. 'I saw him
fight in San Francisco, and he would have
whipped his man sure had it not been for
his lung hair, which kept falling over his
eves, thus blinding his vision.'
"The dis< overy was sufficient to sat
isfy the champion slogger of Swanger that
he was 'up against it,' and Elmer lost
what gave premise of being a good gam
bling proposition by an unfortunate over-
Bight, which lust to him a nice pot of
i apple-butter money.
"]>oubtless he has by this time con
signed a large wad of hirsute covering to
i the winds."
The Jefferson Athletic Club will give
its second entertainment this evening in
its hall, corner of Grove and I.aguna
1 streets. The event of greatest importance
will be an eight-round contest between
Billy Otts and Jack Ennls.
The Alpine Athletic Club has announced
: that it will give a purely amateur athletic
: exhibition at 28 Golden Gate avenue on
! Tuesday, June 14. The features of the
I entertainment will be an eight-round bout
between Pat Lynch of the Excelsior Club
i and Young Peter Jackson of the Alpine
■ Club, and a six-round contest between
jD. A. Carroll and E. Dahl, alias the
• Butcher Boy. . ,
The National Athletic Club has not as
yet announced the preliminary bouts that
will precede the McConnell and McKeever
twenty-round contest.
WILL OF MRS. HINKLF.
, ,
An Estate Valued at Over $30,000 ;
Bequeathed to Belatives.
The will of Mrs. Arabella Hinkle, who \
died In this city May 24, has been filed
for probate. To her daughter. Mrs. Kate
Dillon Morrow, wife of \V H. Morrow,
the testatrix bequeaths her furniture and
i household effects. The real estate in San ;
Luis Obispo County belonging to the es
tntn Is eiven Mrs. Morrow and another
daughter Mrs. Frank K. Zook. who will
share ami sh are alike. The residue of the
' estate is {riven in trust to Frank K. Zook,
; her son-in-law, who is directed to pay J.
BinnVle, husband of the testatrix. $60
a month during his lifetime. At his
a>a?h the rUidue of the $30,000 estate will
: be divided among the seven children of
was the mother of Walter
B. Hinkle, Assistant District Attorney of
this city.
IN HONOR OP THE FOUBTB
A Meeting Held and Officers Ap
pointed to Arrange for the
Coming Celebration.
A permanent organization for arranging
and governing the coming celebration In
honor and commemoration of Independ
ence Day was effected last evening in the
chambers of the Board of Supervisors.
The meeting was called to order by Su
pervisor Kaltanzi. who, in a few brief
remarks outlined the necessity of mak
inc a fitting demonstration in honor of
the day in view of the patriotic enthusi
asm that now prevails throughout the
country, and especially in this city where
the national troops are stationed await
ing the call to defend the stars and stripes
concluding with the request that the com
mittee donate the proceeds of the celebra
tion to the interests of the Red Cross
Qnrtl f* t V
Upon a motion introduced by William
Humphrey, Joseph E. O'Donald was
placed in nomination for permanent presi
dent, and ho , was unanimously elected
with full power to appoint all necessary
committees attendant on the celebration,
including an executive committee of twen
ty-five members. Leon Samuels, the sec
retary of the celebration last year, was
nominated for the same office, but ; was
defeated by Christopher Newman by a
single vote, the ballot being 25 to 24 in
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
T)rTpierce'S electricity
IS THE BEST ! CLC * *WW * l
15 mc ocoi i
\J _ • AS APPLIED BY
N^)^^P^A!^ OR. PIERCE S ELECTRIC BELT
-'^d^C'^S^t'^L^^M w^l^y?^i'^^^" WILL CURE when everything else falls.
J|g^J^V^^r^r^^>-T : <^lj^\^ l^H^ Letters like the following are arriving daily:
|E r^^P^^^>\r^;<Vv^~ v H^Hy MONTROSE, Colo.. May 18. 1898.
ftiSr/^'V- ;>i/ 7^» >/V\H DR. PIERCE & son-
3ls3Ki !^>^ v? <^^^2/V' wH Gentlemen: For the benefit of others I de-
I^S!f^Tfj ! rr t^>l^c' ( r-^^^ r! 7^fWUi sire to Ray that I am 52 years old; have been
¥^fi*M-^tTiP?^«^teK\rJ lAy In the mines fur 25 years, where I contracted
r^trVj Mrv U I iBC'dSkXI' 9 Jt%»> I'lhyß'^ my disease. I have been doctoring for about
iV J^^J * r«aßia'*J ::^r ; S years and have been to different hot springs
\J\x/yvyiTr u '*^^r^s*ts^r^\\^.T-.~*- without much benefit. My disease Is rheuma-
'NSL'W y/M v *> •7f&r&-^r/\§s\^\ "■ tlsm and neuralgia, liver and stomach troubles
fr^ALw-^ N #»'llk>t^*^r*\VK s » ■■'"'■■■■''■' and spinal disease. Was almost paralyzed and
"I TV 1 I^<^Ctm \ i\^Z^^ Uf\ V my blood was poisoned. -I contracted these dis-
• 1 sl£s£{iM > "' ': '• eases by > working In lead ores and In foul air
' /V-/^^^.4>/ V- /^^^.4> ..:■" I received . your Electric Belt and Spinal Appliance about
. . " . "^* t*< L **» ■• five months ago and from the great benefit I ■ have . already
\V] V received 1 think I will soon be A WELL MAN. I was then
, , ■ suffering with pains day and night, with swelling; of the
f: Joints end poor circulation of the blood; but I am now ever so much benefited by using your
Belt and Appliance. ... ; , -.,:.».,;:■■...,-■■■,- --. .-■■•-.■. . .■.,.;-■.:-.:, ...- :....■;-.--..;> ; -
'-"-.. If ; I had some of your catalogues I would distribute them In the mining camps among the
\, ,boys, as some of them are In need of something that will cure them without taking so much
medicine. I am yours respectfully, -\ ■ . CHRIS JOHNSON.
. tnyßuy no Belt till you see Dr. -Pierce' «. Call at office or write for our new "Book No.
1,", which gives price list and tells all about It. Address " - . _, ;
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market Street (opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco.
favor of Newman. James I. Devlin was
elected to the position of treasurer, and
Al Bollni was elected grand marshal.
A motion was made by T. E. Tracy to
Increase the original $3000 appropriation
made by the Board of Supervisors by tax
ing each member of the entire committee
$5. It was announced that the fund ap
propriated was not sufficiently large to
warrant a fitting demonstration. He
maintained that at least $20,000 should be
placed at the disposal of the Fourth of
July c6mmittee to be used in lavish deco
rations and superb pyrotechnic displays,
the money to be secured to meet the
necessary expense from the business men
of the city. After considerable wrang
ling and discussion in the attempt to
carry the motion, it was referred to the
executive committee with full power to
act.
Far-Away Liberia.
Last night saw the opening of a course
of lectures in the Academy of Sciences
Hall, which promise to be of more than
passing Interest. George K. French, F.
R. G. S., opened his series of three lec
tures on Liberia, that, to the white man,
almost uninhabitable land on the west
coast of Africa, which was the scene of
the first efforts to solve the negro prob
lem, before the proclamation of emanci
pation was thought of. The lecture last
night touched mainly on the famous col
onization schemes which have since
passed down into history. Next Monday
night Professor French will give his time
more particularly to a description of the
colonies and the present condition of the
colonists. The lectures are illustrated by
stereopticon views, which make them
more (Btgrestjng and impressive.
- '/ .OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Why-" • Steamers leave Broadway
'ifJjHbjg^^ wharf, Ran Francisco.
I KRiJflJik. or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
■ ISinKtaSeS!!* June 6, 10, 15, 20, 25. 30, July K.
lift. |Efvga transfer at Seattle.
II IPs&*s' tBI For Alaskan ports (from
1 iHw^ifrtHlJ Folsom-Btreet wharf), 10 a. m..
I^^^SSM\ June 5 - 26, July 17, August 4.
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver. (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle, Taroma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m., June 5, 10. 15, 20, 23, 30, July 5, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
June 1, 7, 13, 19, 25, 31, July 6, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., June 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30,
July 4, and every fourth day thereafter. -V
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., June 4, 8, 12, 16. 20, 24, 28, July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jo?e del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaytnas (Mex.), 10 a. m., June 17,
July 2.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and bourn' of Falling.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco. .
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARE Sl2 First Class Including Berth
I Mill. £8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia June 5, 14. 23
State of California., June 8, 17, 26
i Oregon June 11, 20. 29
St. Paul $16 001 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
GOODALL, PERKINS ft 630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fNPHi||# The S. S. MOANA
r 9«liAflll&< Bnlls via Honolulu and
!* a "" w Auckland /or Sydney
■ /- >. Wednesday, June 15,
SlMrnsninc) at 2 p. m. coolgar-
STmITNI D--' IAn * t0 fOOLGAR-
CyICaiIDIIIU D IB, Australia, and
(OHlO3Kth CAPB TOWN. *"**
vwnif^jiv^ Africa,
j J. D. SPRECKLES & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 . Montgomery st. i
Freight office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK. QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British flags.
Kensington ....June B[Noordland June 15
Berlin ...June 11 1 Frlesland June 22
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers Ball under Belgian flag.
Waesland June 4|Rhynland June 11
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantic
services of the International Navigation Com-
i pany and specially refitted for this service.
6. S. Ohio, 1 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
8. S. Indiana, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
6. 8. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle,
June 29.
| Connecting with the company's own fleet of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
1 Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
Intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies. . ■
Compagnie Generate Transatlantip.
French Line to Havre. "
Company's Pier (new), 42 North fTTM-
River, foot of Morton Bt. Travelers C t <tTT>
by this line avoid both transit by****™ 1
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, flrst-class, J160;
second-class, $116.
LA TOURAINE Jnne 11, 10 a. m.
LA QASCOGNE June 18, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE.... "June 26, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE July 2,10 a.m.
LA TOURAINE.. .July 9, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to m
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURG.
I A, Victoria..... June 161 F. Bismarck.... July 28
I F. Bismarck.... JuneJO^A. Victoria.. August 11
TWIN-SCREW PASSENQER SERVICE.
: NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Patria.... ...... ..June 4]Pennsylvania..- June 23
Phoenicia June BlPalatia ..........July 2
Hamburg- American Line, 87 Broadway, N. T.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California St.. cor. Sansome, San Franclaco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
; Steamer "Monticello." '
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat...
9:45 a. m. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thura.)
Fridays ....1 p. m. and 8:80 p. m.
1 > Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m,
i Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier I.
I . - Telephone Red 2241.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. \ •■';
■OCTH BBM I*A«.'IVIC COMPANT. ;
' (PACIFIC HITBTKM.)
Truln* leHie mnl »r« «I «■« to nrrl»e at
NAN riUNCIMO,
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
may* "'•- — From June 1. 1898. — arbivb
. •6:00 a. Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:45 a
7:00 a Benicia, Suisuu and Sacramento . . . 10:45 a
7:00 a MaryßTille, Orotillis and Itedding via
Woodland 5:45p
7iOOa Vacaville and Rumaey B:J5p
- 7 i3Oa Martinez, Sao Ramon, Vallejo, Naps, ■
. (3alistoga and Santa Kosa 6:15p
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpress, Ogtlou and Kast.. 8:»-"*P
»>:tOA Niles. Ban ,)i>s«. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, . Maryßville, Chico,
Tehamaaudlteil Khiß 4il.li'
•8:30 a Peters, Milton, Oakdale..... «7:13p
0:OOa New Orleans luurass, Merced, Krc8-
....'.: no, ltakersiiuiil. Santa K>irli:ira.
I.os Aii|jelt-i«, DeininK, lit l'aso.
New Orleans anil Ea5t............ 6:4!»P
1O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
• •l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers «U:«»Op
....... San Jose, Nilea and Way Stations... J1»:15a
Si:OOp Li»erruore, Mendota, Haiiford and '
. Vlaalia.. 4:13p
... ... . Livurmore. San Jose. Niles and Way
Stations *..... *«««;»*
Fresno, Yoaomlte, Merced, Martinez 12:15p
(rMr M.ulinez, .Sail Uainon, Viillejo.
Najiii. (^alititoga, Xl Veraiio and
SanUltosa.. 15 *
4ioop Benicia, VaoaTtlle, aland,
Knights Lauaiiie, Msrjrsville, Oro-.
villu ami Sacramento ......... • •'•** A
4:30p Nllea. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7zlOi?
4:30p Stockton, Lodi, Oakdale- (James- •_ ,
town for Yoseniite), Merced.. 12515r
«:3Op Laturop, Modesto, Merced, Berendft
(Raj-mond for Yoseniite), Fresno,
Mojave, Santa llarl)ava and Los ■
Ai.i-el.-s.. 7»45a
4«II0p Santa Vo Route, Atlantic Kxprees '
for Mojave anil Kast 6: T'?' .
6«OO|. Kuropean Mail, Oylon and Kttßt.... « .*
•6:00 1- Va11ej0.......... 1*:I»P
HiOOr lliiywiinlw. Nll.n hihl San .lone 7:45 a
J7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta- ■ •
tions : -. J9:4.-JP
SiOOr Oregon Kx|w«m,Hiierw»etiti>; Mary».
villu. lle.l.lini!, rortliiiMl, I'ligot
5...1H.1 on.l F.rnt S:I*A
SIS I.KAMMCO AMI IUVWAUUS UMAI,.
' (Foot of Market Street.)
1 Slelrosr. Nfiiilimry l'iirk, f ' : '2 A
8:OOa Kllclil.urtf, Klmlmrst, e!J!!e !J! ! ,-
• •«JJ* S»n l. M ,,/r'«. South skn V; it
<M:00a I-ea...1r0,K*1...mi0, igSsrl
•ia:ooM ■ liOreimo, Cherry • ti:4.i P
i:i:OOp «»••■ • j t«:l.^p
S:O»i> llajwunld. (3(43;
■ 7«OOp i Runs through to Niles. 7i-l3r
) t From Nllog. I
1 COAST DIVISION (Narrow Uaiifro).
(Foot of Mnrket Street.) '
17:43 a Santa Orua Kxcurfion, Santa Cru» ~~
and Principal Way Station JB:o3p
8: 1 5 A Newark, San Joße, Kelton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations ss3op
•2jlsjp Newark, CeDterville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
>'i#Vv-. Stations «1O:5Oa
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations »:ao.\
q4:lsp Boulder Creek »n<l Santo Cniz...... j»:2<>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from S»N rRANCISCO — Foot of M«rket Street i Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:0lU.H. 1 .00 *2:30 t3:00
•1:00 t5:00 •6:00f.M.
from OA KURD— root of Bro«iw»T.—«(!:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 •1:00 tZ:0O ♦3:00 ti:00 '3:00 p.m.
('O A DIVISION (|{7oa<MJauge).
(Third and Towiisend St^.)
' »7;OOa Han .lose mill Way Ktalimin (New
Alinadni Wednesdays only) l:»Op
t~::i».K Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
> Santa Cruz, Pacifio Grove and
Principal Way Stations !8:33r
0:00 a Sun .lose, Tres I'iiios, Hiuitn Crux,
I'uclNc (liovtt. I'aso Kuliles, San
liiiis iii.i«|>.., Gnadaliine, Surf ami
l'riiiciiml Wuy rititionß 4:IOi-
f«i4OA Snn Jose mill Way Stations # *:<>Oa
lI:SWa San Jose Rii.l Way Stations *8:33 a
•»!■!.-> San Maten, Keilwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacilio
0r0v0....: ..: »IO:30a
•»:»o r San Jose anil Way Stations •«:lt«A
•4:l»r San. Toiseaii.l Principal Way Stations »:45a
' *3:00p San Jose aud Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
-3:30r San Jose an.l Prinoipal Way Station* 3:3»p
6:aopSan Jose and Way 5tati0na......... 7:30p
t11:43i» San Jcsean.l Way 5tati0n5......... 7:.tor
~ A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Hundnys excei<te<l. J Sundays only, t Saturdays Oj)j _
I Sundays ami Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
Santa Fe Route
THB BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Steeping Cars
Run on the Following Time i
Leave San Francisco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.t*,
Arrive Denver 6:00 p. m., W.T.F.B.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:0) p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
IV You Travel on the Santa Pa
Ul FRANCISCO TICHEtIffIcE— 144 MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 11,20.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
S&n Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, ISSS, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Pasaen- I Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger I Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Dally. tKxc'pt'd tons. Exc'pt'd Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:4.". p m 5:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 am| 3:.VJ p m Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 ami 6:45 p m Hanford 7:46 am 1:25 pm
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m' 10:15 a m
12:05 pml 7:50 p m Vlsalia 6:40 a m|12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
I California Navigation und Improvement Com-
pany leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. dally: at Merced with stages to and
from Snellings. Coulterville. Yosemite. etc.:
! also with stage from Hornitos, Mariposa, etc.;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
Having occasion, fone^day, "to'dictategto a stenographer in the business office
of one of the : areat ! Philadelphia newspapers, I remarked that his duties must be
tiresome and duncult from being obliged to write down notes of what so many differ-
ent persons said and, therefore, compelled to accustom himself to all sorts of articula-
tion. "Yes," was his reply, "very few people realize the exacting labor such ft
. position entails. A clear head is absolutely necessary and the least illness of tea
seriously affects the correct ; performance of my work. For instance, I. at one time
suffered from a stomach trouble brought on, I suppose, by eating cold lunches hastily,
as is necessary with me, and I finally felt that the trouble would break me up. Yo«
know a disordered stomach is invariably the root of any head trouble and of all
things a stenographer's head must be dear. I 6nally found an effective remedy in
RIPANS TABULES which I saw advertised in our paper. They are magical in their
effects, and, by the way, did you ever see anything of the sort put up in such superb
shape ? I have found that they seem to rectify nearly every ill, for several of my friends
have taken my prescription of a Tabule now and then with results for which they hare
heartily thanked me. The dull, heavy headaches I sometimes had are all gone now.
If I take dictation from a man who annoys me and makes me nervous I always take ft
Tabule at the time, and if his breath is not sweet I give one to him."
SE£*E££ SKSJ^iZ ATS. 1 ™ s }^^ f ? r Ssls n to £*S£*SU22T U ' °*
SLjtTmo. U> a»ruec Streo*. Now York— or a ikigl* outoo Cnoi iascij^ *U do mo* for ■*• Mtt
AUCTION SALES.
AT AUCTION.
£a> ife* fe
Tuesday . . June 7, 1898
AT 11 A. M., •
AT SALESYARD,
Corner Market St. and Van Ness Aye., S. F.
(By order of A. W. FOSTER, San Rafael).
20 Handsome Ponies 20
Sired by the Great Prize-Winning Hunga-
rian Stalk
IMPORTED CARLISLE.
These Ponies are all broke to harness and
saddle, and are of excellent disposition, kind
and gentle.
Also at the Same Time and Place,
2O HEAD OF"
Trotting, Draft and
Express Horses
FROM
HENRY PIERCES YERBA BUENA FARM,
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
Among these are many '-aluable animals.
Catalogues are now ready.
Horses and Ponies will be at the yard Satur-
day, June 4. .
KILLIP & CO.,
Live Stock Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
P. J. BARTH, AUCTIONEER.
TO-DAY, TUESDAY.... June 7, ISM
At 11 O'clock a. M..
At 414 McAllister et. The nearly new fur-
niture and carpets of a 10-room flat. Dealers.
attention! Sew Chronicle. •
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
025KEABNYKT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
DlsetisHs, Lost Manhood. Debility or "
I disease wearing on bodyand mlndand
! .skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswbeii
j others fall. Try him. Charges low.
(iiimi'iiarantrrd. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. *'. uIBBO.V, Box 1037, 5 an Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIj.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.: 11:15.
3:30, 5:10. . 6:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:Gi
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 1:30.
&:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:IO, 7:50, 9:20. '11:10 a. m.; 11:45.
1:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10, a. m.; 1:40. 1:10.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park
same schedule as above.
• Leave Arrive
i Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 23. •
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. | days. Destination. days. | Day«._
! 7 :3oam "8:00 am Novato, 10:40am| B:4oam
: 1:30 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pnulO:2o am
6:10 pm & :00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:3sptn{ 6:22 pm
Fulton,
! 7:30 am Windsor, 10:15 am
Healdsbure.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
B:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:36 pm 6:22pm
730am[ I Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah, 7:36 pm 6 pm
"7:30 am " 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
I 3:30 pm _J | I »:npm
i 7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
I B:10pm s :oopm0 pm Glen Ellen. ( 6:10 6:22 pm
, 7:3oam 8:00am| Sebastopol." 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:30 pm 5.00 pm| 7:85 pm| 6:22 pm
| Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weit
i Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at O«y-
servllle for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan bprlnga,
.Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
i Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
i Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's River-
side. Llerley's, Buoknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
■ Hullvllle. Boonevllle. Orr's Hot Springs, Mea-
i doclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport. U»al.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER, " R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Paaa. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. 1898.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, •8:00,
•9*30, 11:00 a. m.; n:45. 3:20. 4:00. 6:15. •6:00.
6*30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
'■ p. m.
• SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •9:00.
•10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. -1:45. *2:30. »4:00,
5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentlo.
; THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
8-20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'na.
! 6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. Tomales and
■ j way stations.
i 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
i 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
; (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May ],
: 1898:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
I I Sundays— B:oo. 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
I i 1:30 p. m.
; Round trip from Mill Valley, $L
; VHOS. COOK & SON, Agents. €31 Marcel
sjtreet. San Francisco.
910
CHINATOWN
AIDS THE
RED CROSS
Neat Sum Sent From
That Quarter.
CELESTIALS TO WEAR lADGES.
NEARLY FORTY THOUSAND DOL
LARS SUBSCRIBED.
The Reports of the Many Committees
Will Soon Be Made Public
at a Memberr*
Meeting.
SAM YUP
BENEVOLENT SOCIETY,
825 Dupont Street,
San Francisco, June 6, 1898.
Dr. G. F. Hansen, 20 Claus
Spreckels Building —
Dear Sir: Inclosed please
herewith find our check for
$112 25, the sum being the
donation from the merchants
of our society to the Red Cross
Society. Trusting you will
receive the same in good or
der, we are, yours respect
fully,
PRESIDENT OW TIN KEE,
VICE-PRESIDENT HO SAY,
DIRECTOR JUM SHO.
That the Chinese residents of this city
are alive to the grand work being done
by the Red Cross Society was evidenced
yesterday when the above letter and the
sum mentioned was brought to the rooms
of the organization In the Claus Spreck
els building.
The representative of the Sam Yups
blandly told the ladies In charge that
each of the subscribing members of his
society would esteem It an honor if they
were permitted to wear the little badge
that reposes on the breast of the many
thousand members of the organization.
Just as soon as the belated consignment
of the precious emblems arrives they will
be forwarded to the Chinese.
The latter are not the only ones who
are anxiously awaiting the coming of the
badges. From morn till night the three
patient ladies greet every visitor to head
quarters with the oft-repeated reply that
the "buttons have not materialized."
Twenty-five additional boxes of golden
fruit were forwarded to the society yes
terday by the Los Angeles Chamber of
A branch organization was formed at
Danville, Contra Costa County, a few
days ago, with an enrolled membership
of seventy members. Mrs. J. E. Close la
president and Mrs. J. A. Sherey Is secre
tary. Their first donation consisted of
eighty-six bandages, sixty caps and forty
comfort bags.
Of the many delightful entertainments
given In aid of the Red Cross none has
surpassed in lavlshness the musical fete
given by Mrs. Eleanor Martin on the 28th
of May. The lady not only placed her
entire and elegant home at the disposal of
the Red Cross, but generously provided
elaborate refreshments for the thousand
guests who were entertained.
Besides bestowing flowers and dainties
on the boys In blue, that lately passed
through their city, the girls of Sacra
mento gave each soldier a sisterly kiss
to speed him on his way to the front.
Milton Andreas, on learning that the
Washington boys encamped in Fontana's
warehouse were receiving medicine in tin
cups, thoughtfully sent them twelve dozen
smail viais.
Within a short time the reports of the
various comittees of the local society will
be read at an open meeting, so that mem
bers can learn what Is being done by the
society. This was decided at a meeting of
the executive committee yesterday.
One hundred and fourteen surgical
bandages were sent to 18 Post street by
the matron of the Protestant Orphan Asy
lum and her assistants.
A large case of "Xaglee" brandy was
received from Naglee Hurke. It will be
used In the hospital for medicinal pur
poses.
Citizens of Gilroy expressed a large case
of caps, bandages and other useful arti
cles yesterday, with a "godspeed the
boys" note.
Three hundred caps and bandages were
sent by the Native Daughters' Red Cross
aid.
The thanks of the busy workers at 16
Post street is expressed to the Qulros
Sodawater Company for the generous
daily supply of liquid refreshment.
Mrs. Charles Fair sent two large dona
tions of bandages and other necessaries.
The following members of the See Yup
Benevolent Society subscribed to the Red
Crops fund:
Chy Lung & Co.. $3; Wing Tuck & Co. $2;
Quong Wick & Co.. $2; .Tat Hlng Lung A Co..
$2; He Shun & Co., $1 ; Yuen Chue Co.. $1;
Shun Yuen Hing & Co.. $2; Shang Lung & Co..
15; Chee Chong & Co.. $2; Chun Chy Tong. $2:
Low Chue Hing, 11; Mln Cheang & Co.. $1;
Shlng Shun & Co., $1; Chun Wo Tong, $1,
See Wo & Co.. $2; Chlng Chong & Co., Si; Tal
Song & Co.. $1; Hlng Kee * C 0... $1; Tin We
& Co.. $1: Yuen Tick & Co.. $1: Quong Jim &
Co , $1; Chin Chong & Co., $1; Lai Sang & Co.,
SI; Chun Fook Sang & Co., $1; Bun Sing Kee
& Co., $1; Lee Sang & Co.. $1; Tin How Mue.
$5; Kun Shu. $2; Ow Tin Kee. $3; Quan Yok
Jan $2: Quong On Kun. $2: Key Fook Kun. $2;
Fuen Ong Low. $2; Oy Wo Tong, $2; Shun
Fook & Co., SI; Wing On & Co., $1; Shun On
& Co.. $1; Quong Lee St. Co., $1; Chew Chong
& Co., $1; See Hop 4: Co.. SI: Vow Yuen & Co.,
$2; Hee Tai Wo & Co.. $2; Man Ylck & Co., $1:
Fow Yuen & Co.. $1: Wuonig Tuck & Co.. SI:
Lun Chong & Co.. $1: To Wing Kue. $3; Kok
Chog Kue, S3; Hok Oy Kue. $:.; Quon Yok. $2;
Van High. $2: Wo* L«y K-e. $1; Sun- Tone Wo
& Co., II; Chew Hinic Lung. & Co., $1; Tuck
Wo & Co., $2; Soy Fong & Co., SI; Tong Song
& Co.. SI: Horn Hong, It; Main Fook, $2; Hoo
Foy. $2; Sam Yup Society, $4 2.>; Song Jan, $2;
Quong High Jan, I?. On Ke. $2.
Among the subscriptions received yes
terday were: ,
Captain Taylor, $25; Young Ladies' Institute,
$10; Mrs. W. J. Dutton. $5: Miss Hannah
Cohen, 50 cents: employes Sachs Bros. & Co.,
$50: friends at Hotel St. Nicholas, $19; neon
Parlor. $25; Major Knowlton. $5; Mrs. Henry
St. Goen, $10; Rudolphe.and Helen Hertheau,
proceeds of "Tin Soldier" entertainment,
$171 5: membership*. $50; Mrs. Langley, per
Rev. R. C. Foute. $50: Mrs. Hugh L. Whlpple,
$5: William H. Mills, money subscribed for
June. ?5; Pinole Parlor No. 92, N. 1). G. W..
$25 4": Mrs. Jane L. Stanford. Palo Alto. $100;
Theosophtcal Society. <><i'l Fellows' building.
$1.'.; 1) T. O'Nell, ■CO "cents; Mrs. Joseph D.
Redding, $5: Mrs. A. Bcott. So; Trinity School.
$50; employes Joshua Bendy Machine Works,
$40; plumbago mines, miners and employes,
each one day's wages. Forest City. Sierra
County, $57 50; memberships. $60; Town .and
Country Club, $26: officers anil crew steamer
Coquille River, $40; Pauline Jacobson, 25c: Mrs.
S. Goldstein, $10; Live Oak Circle No. 2?. -$5;
Fonim Club (second subscription). $100: M. B. 1
McCreerj, $100: Jefferson ? School. $1: Ex
celsior Parlor No. ■ 31,'- N. 9. O. W.. Jackson,
Cal.. $20: Lassen Parlor No. 99, N. S. G. W.,
Susnnville. Cal.. $10. •'■"-.
BIKERS AGAINST PEDESTRIANS
A Reciprocity Regulation ; Expected
by the Park Commissioners.
The Park Commissioners will | meet this
afternoon and ; transact some business of
much interest to pedestrian frequenters of
the park and the . bicycle i riders. It is
expected that an order will be issued
making it a misdemeanor for bicyclists to
ride on paths set • aside for, pedestrians.
The pedestrians will also be restricted. It
will be a misdemeanor after the; present
session of the ■ Park Commissioners ' for
a pedestrian to wander on a bicycle path.
The plans and specifications for the con
struction of ' a bridle - path will ■be con
sidered. T
WILL START
FOR MANILA
Monterey and Brutus to
Sail This Morning.
EVERYTHING IS IN READINESS.
MONADNOCK AND WITGIFT TO
GET AWAY NEXT.
Engineers, Boiler-Makers, Ship Car
penters and Calkers Working
Night and Day to Get the
Centennial Fixed Up.
The Monterey and her convoy, the
steamer Brutus, will not sail for Honolulu
until this morning. As soon as the Brutus
was repaired the coast defense steamer
met with an accident that necessitated a
delay. The coil in the distiller began to
leak, and it had to be repaired. It wa»
sent to the Union Iron Works, and was
returned last night. The two vessels will
therefore, get away this morning with the
first tide. As the Monterey is going to the
tropics, it was essential that the appa
ratus for distilling water should be in
first-class order, and, therefore, the coils
of the distiller were sent to the Union
Iron Works for an overhauling.
Uncle Sam is going to make the best of
a bad bargain, so gangs of engineers,
boiler-makers, calkers and ship-carpen
ters are at work on the old steamer Cen
tennial, trying to make a new vessel out
of her. Considering the age of the
steamer, the hull is in good condition, but
repairs and alterations will have to be
made in nearly every department before
she can be used as a troopship.
The United States Inspectors of Hulls
and Boilers went over the vessel yester
day, and it will depend upon their report
as to whether a new boiler will be put in
or a few more patches on the old one. "I
never saw a boiler like the one in the
Centennial," said a boiler-maker yester
day. "There are so many patches on It
lhat it takes an expert to find the original
structure. There are patches upon
patches, and braces here and there to
hold the affair together. Altogether, those
boilers are fearfully and wonderfully
made, and are a credit to the men who
have made them hold out so long."
In the engine-room a gang of men is at
work overhauling the machinery, and in
the steerage the carpenters are altering
the accommodations put in on the sound
for the troops. Many of the compart
ments have been torn down, and good,
comfortable quarters will be put in. The
calkers are hard at work getting the
decks in order, and the crew is tr>ing to
make the old craft look shipshape. Ail in
all the Centennial is the poorest excuse
for a troopship that has yet been palmed
chase along with the Ning Chow bj the
United States Government, was told «
eh", xtlv in Sunday s Call, wnt to the
navy yard yesterday where the Mars ar.d
stripes will be raised to-day and Ihe ves
sel re-namwl. The launch \mv aas em
ployed nearly all yesterday morning tak-
W the stores and supplies out of the
vessel and landing them at \ al'.ejo-street
wharf The goods will be put »n a bond-
e 1 warehouse and sold to the highest
bidder by the agents of the steamer. All
the wood work Is to be removed from the
Witgift and she will be fitted out in the
same manner as the Brutus. As soon
as the alterations have b. en made she
will convoy the Monadnock to Honolulu
and then tow her to Alauila. She will
take down about 2000 tons of coal and a
few hundred soldiers. She is a rtne
roomy vessel, almost new, and splendid
quarters in the 'tween decks can be put
up for the men.
The accommodations for the men tnat
will go to Manila on the China have been
renuceled and now the cracii ocean liner
will bo as well fitted out as the Colon.
No one gets a separate berth, but r.ow
there are only two In a row, and each
man can get in and out without distJib
ing Up neighbor. A passage way is ur» -
vided between each tier of hunks, so there
will be no more climbing over each other
in Older to get to bed.
The China will not get into the stream
toci.y, as all her coal is not aboard and
the men's quarters are not completed.
Yesterday the carpenters had to be laid
on* because of the fifty Chinese pasßen
gers who are still aboard. The latter have
be«j refused a landing by the Collector of
the Port, and the Mail Company has no
placi to put them until the l»t Igic arrives
at the wharf. As soon .\s she docks the
Mongols will be put on her «md the work
of putting in the bunks will be com
pleted. The Colon is all ready for her
stores, but the Government has not be
gun to s<-nd them down yet, so she will
probably keep the China company at the
Mail Company's wharf until to-morrow.
AH the work on the Zealandla was fin
ished last night, and. according to pnni
isrt Captain Howard has the vessel ready
fo." her final Inspection to-day. Nearly
ail the stores are stowed away, and as
soon a-< the soldiers are aboard the Zea
landla will be ready to sail.
The Valencia, the Pacific Steam Whal
ing Company's now passenger steamer, is
expected in from Puget Sound to-mo nvw.
and or her arrival she will be inspected
by the Government authorities. She is a
firs: -class vessel and the cha.ic?s are <.l.»t
sine will be one of the troop ships ihat
will follow the China, Zealan-Ila arid
Ccion.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN - HOTEL.
A R Moulton. Chicago T Klllen, Callstoga
C C Larsen, Nevada Miss Anderson, S Jose
J W Richards. Nevada Mrs Perry. Napa
Mrs H H Scheel. lowa Miss Perry, Napa
A Murphy. Monterey J F Olllen & w. Cal
F Dohrman. Pinole W Morrow, Monterey
O sad, Merced W H Rudd. Denver
F W Poppe. Vlsalla E Hopland. S Jose
Pde Martini, Suisun S J Pease, Cal £%■'■
J O'Brien. L Gatos W B Ballon. Fresno
Miss Gallagher. Saoto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F D Goode. Boston C J Elliott. N V
J H Robertson, Socto E Atkinson. NY
.ME Harris. Oakland T W Clarke, Boston
E J.Roberts. S Bias CM Hunter, L,Ang
A SchltTAw, Pasadena H Lenox. Presidio
B F Frelsty. NY J H Simon. Wash
S McClay, Stetson  H N Batten. London
W Balrd. N V ' H Johnson. v Tacoma
II J Lewis, Stockton R Emerson, Portland
J A Day. NY J C Davis, Chicago
C B Porter, L Ang .• C B Hanna. Baltimore
E Glldden & w. SuisunlO It Knight, Virginia
A Wenworth. Arizona! E' M Shafer. Paris
J II Arnold. Facto - iJ C . Paris, . Indiana
W L Kelly. Sonora I Prof Coyle, N V
PALACE HOTEL.
P B Fraser, Stockton C N Beat. NY
D S Rosenbaum, Stktn C Scharrer,' Alsac*
j D M Morris, Sacto A Scharrer, Alsace
! H E Stlniton, Toronto O H White, Chicago
■ W Raymond & w, (' A Burcham. Cal
Boston • L P Crane, L Angeles
Clara Lewis, Boston A Wolff,- NY
D J Bonsfleld." Nev J A Crulkshnnk. N V
F B Gibson & w, Colo Mrs R G Brown, Bodla
\V Kattmi. N T. RG Brown. Bodle
A H P'rost, NY , Mrs Thompson, Sacto
Miss C (« Frost, CaJ. W A Frost & w. 111
CII Lyford, NY L, P Preston L Angeles
bowls, Boston A Wolff. X T
Bonsfield. Nev J A Cruikshnnk. M T
Glbfw>n & w. Colo Mr? R G Brown. Bodle
Hthol. N V Ft Q Brown. Bodle
Frost. N V Mrs Thompson, Pa. -to
CO Frost. CoJ W A Frost &w, 111
Lrford, NY E F Preston ft w, Cal
HE Mlddl«ton, DC P F Almanza, Mcx
T W Clarke, U S N W A Harris. L Angels
W B Mowbray, Ogden W Jackson, N V
F Shalda, OB'len ♦ J M Loure,; Paris
M Harris & w, Ogden J Altman, Chicago
C W Steams. Ohio ;•"< • Mrs ; C L . Dexter A 3
OP Richardson, Mass eh, ■ Tex • .
J S Rawllngs Jr. .' Md W . W Leake, Texas
GRAND HOTEL.
J Thomann, St HelenaW A Tucker, Term
T ll.jlmes. Boston Mrs J Stephenson Cal
X A Middleton. Cal 3 M Grove, Term '
H J Muir, Chicago M W Lovsrldge, B C
H Boors, NY A Tatterson & w Cal
W Baxter. Penryn M Brlggs Jr. Orovllle
J M Frunteil, S <"lara C Carey & w Chicago
W E Buell. Pt Worth C Blakemore & w Cal
J J Fox. NT W S Gardner. Alaska
J Rummelsburg, Cal J J Hebbron &d, Cal
Mrs R M Wood. Cal C G Hasktn. Chicago
Mrs McLaren, Fresno J C Tlcc, Cal
T B Glbßon &. w, Culo J X Storms Amador
W W Greer, Partn .T X Storms Jr. Amadr
F W Leavltt, Oakland Mrs D A Cole. L Ang
W Taylor. L Ang L C Stephens, Fresno
A C Moore, L Ang I.T A Whlteman, Cal
H W Patton. L Ang |C C Carson. St Louis
M W Conkllng. L Ang W Kolman & w Cal
H Block, L Ang G C Alexander, Cal
T D Robinson. Man Miss Dilllngham. Cal
Mrs J Robinson, Man |E H Smith, S Clara
W W Gumey & w. Cal|T L Bell. Rowardenan
J H Mason & w, Wuli X P Black, S Jom
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 1898.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, June 8.
Schr Mary C, Campbell; 10 hours from Bo
*Schr Ameythyst. Johannssen, 7 days from
Waldport.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived June *— Br stmr Victoria,
from Hongkong. .
Sailed June 6— Br bark Dominion, for Byd-
POLNT ARENA— Sailed June 6— Stmr Alca
zar, for Port Los Angeles.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Thtad streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
i corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(IS Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until W o'clock.
2261 Market atreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until • o'eloelL.
1526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1500 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second ana Kentucky
streets ; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M., •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _/V_
ING. June 7. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated TC^
meeting. P. M. and M. E. M. de-/^r>
grees. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and •
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES-_J\_
DAY) EVENING, June 7. at T:3OTT
o'clock. . GEO. J. HOBE. Sec. '^r '
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. & A. ■■■ ■
M.— Stated meeting THIS - (TUESDAY) _JV_
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. lU\.
£ A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary, /^r >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. & A. M.. •
1 121 Eddy St.— Stated meeting THIS _^\_
EVENING, S o'clock J\J\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. >▼>
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O.
<< F.— The officers and the funeral -xPjS&Sp:
committee of the above lodge are 2js§sfc3lr
hereby notified to assemble at *wv>
Odd Fellows' Hall. Market and Seventh sts.,
on TUESDAY MORNING, June 7. at »9
o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother, P. G. L. B.
BONNENBERG. By order
CHAS. QUAST. Financial Secretary.
REGULAR monthly meeting of <j£»4t^>
Canton San Francisco No. 5, i» ijgfaS;
Patriarchs Militant, I. O. O. F.. %?«)£s.-
TUESDAY EVENING, June 7. "'M*^
All chevaliers invited, including soldiers that
are members of the order. Installation of
officers.
\ • CAPTAIN J. A. DUNCAN, Commandant.
GEORGE WILSON, Clerk.
ST. PATRICK'S Mutual Alliance As- r fT\
soclation of California— and rynrtx
members are hereby notified to as- /ifrStJjj
semble at 27 Twelfth st. THIS TUES- >C~S&
DAY at 8 o'clock a. m. sharp, to pay **-*'
the last tribute of respect to the memory of
our late brother and first vice-president,
PATRICK ROONEY. Funeral committee
take notice.
THOMAS F. ALFORD, Cor. Sec
P. H. McGINNERTY, President
NATIONAL Union— Califor-
nla Council No. :>?,O, moots iTflnW'd'"">
TO-NIGHT. Elks 1 Hall. "'^fiSfiEstt.
1 223 Putter st. U. S. army >^"^^^"l%
members now here cor- ';i.w~,"
dially invited to attend.
OFFICERS and members of Triumph .\'K'&>
Lodge No. 180, A. O. U. W.— You are^-^i
requested to attend the funeral of ourtfiKflßsr
late brother. DENNIS WYNNE, from vJSRSS*
residence, 1539 Mission St., TUESDAY. June
7, 8:30 a. m. OSCAR FORSBE'-'.G, M. "W.
J. H. CATTRAN, Recorder. __^
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 1597:
Ellen Norton, age 10 years; Kathertne Norton,
9 years; Mary McDonald, 10 years; Kather-
Ine Cafferty. 7 years; Clara Pratt, 12 years;
Francis Williams, 7 years; Rosetta McGulre,
7 years; Margaret Gomez, 8 years; Evelina
Gomez. 6 years. <
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROCK bottom house painting and decorating.
Painters' Association. R. LEWIS, Manager,
1646 Howard st.
ROOMS papered from $2 50, - and whitened
from $1 up; painting done. Hartmann Paint
Co., 343 Third st.
PEARL HARRISON: and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120^ Geary St., room 2.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. . .
MISS LOESEL, 121 Montgomery St., room 8;
palmistry and card reading. "
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120>i Geary St.. room 11.
MANICURING and alcohol baths. LILLIE
STANLEY, 7 Grant aye.; room 223. first floor.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Bathe,
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye., room 1.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER, 1021 Market, rm. 12.
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
CABINET vapor tub; good as new; at a bar-
gain. Room 17. 116 Grant aye.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. 15V4 Turk ana HIS Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market; parlors 11 and 12.
Turkish baths and massage treatment.
MISS VIOLA BUR WELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market st., rm. t.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
RELIABLE girl wants housework In small
family: good references.- Box 473. Call office.
SITUATIONS ANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse, $10 to (15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT, competent Swedish cook and housework
girl, desires situation; 3 years last place; Ala-
meda preferred. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT German girl desires situation;
' 2V4 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
SWEDISH houseglrl: good cook and laundress;
city or country; 3 years last place. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl, lately from old country, wishes
situation as second girl, nurse or housework:
$15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
LADIES'. For a first-class servant of any na-
tionality leavr your order with J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. . ■ '. .- 1
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332. a
number of firßt-class girls await positions.
MIDDLE-AGED German ', woman "would like
to do light housework In small family. 251
Tehama st. near Fourth.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation as
first-class cook; will do washing and has
good references; lately from Philadelphia-
city or country- 442 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged woman;
home more object than wages. Address 1000
Washington st. ■■> -■ : ■
WANTED— By American widow, position as
housekeeper; good - cook, seamstress and
laundress; references; city or country. 2769
Mission st. "■""
GIRL wishes . situation to do general house-
work; references If required. 169 Shipley st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to 'do . general
housework: good cook. Box 414. Call. ..:;
WOMAN wants washing or cleaning by the
day. . Please call at 614 Birch aye., near Bu-
• chanan j st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do cook-
Ing or general housework; wages $30. Call 22
Laskle St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth. V
WILLING j woman . wants , work by r the day
washing or housecleaning; $1 a day and car-
fare.: 867 Mission St.
AMERICAN;. woman wants situation as com-
. panion to elderly people or working • house-
keeper; city or country.;- Box 474, Call. •■. "
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation; is '
I a good cook; will do light housework; city or
short distance in the country; .will i work for
moderate wages. 10 Stockton place, off Stock-
'■ ton St., bet. Post and Slitter.
GIRL wants to do light < housework '■ in small
family; assist". cooking;; small ; wages :: refer-
ences.- Call at 1630 Eddy St.; no postals. >:;.;;/ 2
SITUATION .wanted— Woman to jro but by the
_ day or. assist at housework. Ca11, 63 Hermann.
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work for :$1 25 per
■ day.: 1337. Market St., near Seventh.' .
NEAT Danish girl wishes to do general house-
work in a small family. Address L., 25*6 Mis-
.. sion st. ■ . . "-.■.■.■■ ' ,■ --. : ---- ■■
AMERICAN woman will take houses to clean
*. or do washing and ironing by the day; SI and
, car fare. ; Box 509, Call office. ;
GIRL for light housework; $8 to $10. • 14S Sixth
st., room 73. ' ■;'. : i . ;
WANTED— Housework | by I good | woman; * city
: ' or country; Is good cook and laundress; would
do .day work. , 811 Mission st. :■ : ;? :-..<>.. ; ,
LADY wishes to give lessons In music and do
;--; light j housework £In - exchange for a home;
thoroughly competent; no objections ito the
country. Address box 20, branch Call office
■..: Hayes st."r.. •'■■-;"; 'l'V',-:^ !"",»vi i -\*" : t ■'■'"■ •."' - v .-
TOUNG lady (North German) wants situation-
.:.■ working ' housekeeper and ', good dressmaker
'.. or; chamberworlt " and ' seamstress.' :>\ Call •at 1 16
Rundell placa, off Sixteenth, near Valencia.
5 ITU ATI ON S WANTED— Con tinned.
GERMAN girl wishes situation in German
family to assist In general housework. 913
Buchanan st.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation washing
or doing any other kind of work by the day.
79 Clementina st.
I SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation In
American family; understands housework
and cooking. Please call 1409H Buchanan st.
TRUSTWORTHY woman, good cook and laun-
dress, would do housework; city or country;
good references. 1425 Geary St., near Laguna.
YOUNG lady wishes to tend store; $2 week.
11l Ivy aye., near Polk St.: call two days.
JAPANESE lady wishes a situation as plain
cook and housework In family. Address T.
N., 1307 Larkln st.
ELDERLY American wants work; Is a good
plain cook; any distance In the oountry. Call
or address 22^4 Seventh st.
RESPECTABLE German girl would like to
have a position for upstairs work or as nurse
girl. Please call at 210 Eddy st.
AN excellent German cook wishes situation to
do general housework; city or small distance
In country; good references. 408 Minna st.
WANTED— By a respectable young lady, posi-
tion aa housekeeper; 2 or 3 In family pre-
ferred. Box 23, B office. Call 106 11th st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation In Amer-
ican family; willing; good references. IS
Hayes St.
YOUNG lady of education desires position as
stenographer and typewriter: wholesale house
preferred; good penman: moderate wages;
references. Apply box 17, Call branch office,
106 Eleventh st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and assistant
want a few more engagements by the day at
$2 75 per day; perfect fit guaranteed. Call or
address 829V4 Sutter st.
■JOUNG lady desires position as companion or
assistant housekeeper for invalid lady; no ob-
jection to the country; references exchanged.
Box 465. Call office.
RELIABLE lady wishes family or gentleman's
washing to do at home; rates reasonable.
Call or address 2528 Laguna St., bet. Union
and Filbert.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation doing
general housework; good plain cook; $10 to
$12 per month; city or country. 207 Eddy St.,
near Taylor.
WANTED— By a respectable young lady, posi-
tion as housekeeper; 2 or 3 in family pre-
ferred. Box 23, B office. Call 106 11th st.
WELL recommended housekeeper who Is a
good cook and seamstress desires a position.
Address box 442, Call office.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. BFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
son et.
WANTED — A situation as first-class laundress
in a private family; best of city reference.
562 Natoma st.
YOUNG airl wishes a position to assist In
housework or take care of children. 346 Sec-
ond aye., Richmond.
GOOD ironer and laundress wishes position.
Box 447, Call office.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The CaU.
Want ads and subscriptions raken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell at.; tel. East 42«.
CHINESE and Japanese testab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE Employment Burnau; be.st help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
YOUNG man desires position as clerk In
wholesale or retail store; good references.
Address F. R. H.. 92 Haight eU
GERMAN cook, also first-class lunchman;
World's and Midwinter Fair experience. Ad-
dress Box 406, Call.
POSITION wanted as salesman in hardware or
house furnishing house; can furnish Al refer-
ences. H. MANDERVILLE, 408 Van Ness.
WANTED— By an Eastern man, a position;
thoroughly competent; has had 20 years' ex-
perience; salary' not an especial object- Ad-
dress J.. box 418, Call Office.
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $8
per week; city or country. Address Barber,
box 477, Call Office.
WANTED — Position as collector; real estate :
preferred; over 2 years' experience In city; i
moderate salary; no commission; best refer- |
ences. Box 478, Call.
EXPF.RIENCED bookkeeper, 25 years old, de-
sires position; moderate salary.
yoi'NO, strong German, 24 wishes work of
any kind; has good city institution refer-
ences; private place preferred. Box 402, Call.
YOUNG German man, 23, from the East, ex-
perienced bartender, wishes situation. M. !
SCHMIDT. 26 Minna st. i
SITUATION wanted; German second cook, also
good on bread and pastry. Box 401, Cajl.
J A PANES?: desires light work for his room.
Address Box 400, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wishes position
in small family; city references. Address G.
ISHIMOTO, 1328 Pine St.
EVENING employment desired as bookkeeper j
or cashier or work of similar nature; best
references. Address L. L. 8., box 445, Call.
POSITION as nurse or traveling companion to
Invalid gentleman by young man, aged 30;
experienced traveler; excellent references.
Address box 525, Call office.
ENGINEER wants position; marine and sta-
tionary experience; give $25 bonus or per
cent. Discreet, box 448, CaU office.
SITUATION by 2 bakers, second and third
hands, on bread and cakes; city or country.
Address 31 Minna St., San Francisco.
ENGINEER; can give best references; sober,
reliable, experienced; engineer, fireman or
watchman; this city preferred. A. J. SMITH,
11 m Minna st.
MILLINERY— An English gentleman used to
first-class trade wishes position as designer
and trimmer; best references. Box 13, Call.
JAPANESE neat young man wants situation
to do housework only or gardener In good j
place. Address P. MASUDA. 1617 Baker St. j
GERMAN man of 36 wants situation In private |
place for hcuse and garden; handy with tools; .
city or country; references; wages $15. R. X.,
box 440, Call office.
WANTED — Situation In summer resort or
country hotel by a first-class cook and baker.
Address box 409, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust; Al city references. Box 4553, Call.
JAPANESE, young bright school boy, wants
position. S. M., 22 Prospect place.
MAN and wife, no children, wish situations
on farm, private or mining place; references.
1032 Howard st. |
SITUATION wanted by an experienced and
trustworthy man In furniture or grocery busi-
ness. Box 496, Call office.
JAPANESE, good cook and waiter, wants posi-
tion; good references. R. FRANK, Japanese
Mission, Pine st.
RELIABLE man wants situation as watchman;
references. Address box 513, Call office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 26c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to j
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free |
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. I
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly '
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
free.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young girl; $12. MISS CULLEN, 326
Sutter st.
GIRL to work half a day; $10 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED girl as cook and housework; $20.
MISS CULLfiN, 325 Sutter Bt.
2 WAITRESSES; $20 per month; private
boarding-house. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
PROT KSTANT girl; second girl, $15! MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, pi.i!n hotel, $20 Rulsun; waitress,
Ban Mateo Co.. $20; 8 waitresses, city hotels,
$20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK; small hotel; $25; see party here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS and chambermaid; $30. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
SECOND girl. $15; houseglrl and nursegirl, same
house. $25 and $15; cook and second girl,
same house, country, $25 and $15; houseglrl,
Alameda. J2O; Oakland. $15, light place; Ger-
man houseglrl, 2 in family, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON. SU Sutter st.
COOK, $30; houseglrl. $25: cook, $25; young
girl to assist. $10 to $12; cook, institution, $20.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
2 HEAD waitresses, $25; 5 waitresses, country, !
$20 and $25; 4 extra waitresses, $1 a day and
free fare; 3 hotel cooks, $25 and $30; 2 ironers,
steam laundries, 1 country $10 week, city $35
month; 2 manglers, hotel, $20; 3 chamber-
maids to wait, country, $20. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO., 104 Geary st.
NURSE for institution; one who understands
care of children; $20 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
B0 GOOD house girls for city and country
places, $15. $20, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID, country hotel, $20; walU
resses, different country hotels, $20; girl for
housework, country, $15, fare paid; and other
places. MURRAY & READI, 634 and 63*
Clay st.
GIRL for housework, American family. $25;
second girl. $25; 2 cooks. $30; nursegirl. $15; 10
■lrlji tar housework. MRS. HIRD, Ml Larkln.
/HELP WANTED— Continued.
WAITRESS, restaurant, a short distance, $26;
German waitress and . chambermaid, - resort.
$20; 2 waitresses, private boarding houses. V".
j restaurant waitress, city. $5 week; Scandlna\-
i _ lan or German girl, housework, Aiameda, *«,
! Santa Rosa; $25; second girl and laundress,
I city, $25; 4 German and French second gins
and nurses/ $20; 2 colored girls as cook ana
second girl, same house, $25 and $20; German
cook, $25; 10 girls, housework, in American
and German families, $20 and $25. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 318 Sutter st. ■
HEADQUARTERS; free places for honest
working girls; the best homes In the city; the
highest , wages obtained for cooks and gen-
eral houseglrls; remember, the service Is ab-
solutely free at the Working Girls' Ex-
change. 1023 Market St., above Sixth. _
THOROUGHLY experienced talloresa on cus-
tom coats; good wages; steady work. 272
Seventh st.  ■ :
LADY'S companion; salesladies; office matron;
forelady; matron, European hotel. 1023 Market.
WANTED— GirIs for . general I housework,
wages $25 to $10. MRS. SPENCER, 1321 Park
St., Aiameda, . . -■
WAITRESS, city hotel, : $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny st. :
AT the German Employment Office. 417 Powell
St., girls of all nationalities wanted to nil
various positions.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman, German pre-
ferred; a home for the right party in Santa
Rosa; light work; no heavy wash; 2 children;
$10 month; don't apply unless you wish steady
place. Call bet. 8 and 12 to-day at 416& Hyde
st. SWASEY. . . - ■ .
WANTED— A woman between 21 and 35 years"
for light housework: good pay for right party.
Call after 12. 116 Taylor st. •
GIRL to do general housework; wages $10 to
$12.: MRS. L. ROSENBERG, 592 O'FarreU at.
YOUNG girl to take care 2 children; must
sleep home. 1917 Webster st.
WANTED— Experienced hands on paper boxes.
Enterprise Paper Box Factory, 115 Battery.
WANTED— Reliable young, girl to take oare of
baby; assist with upstairs work; $10 1718
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Second girl; small family; suburb;
permanent home; moderate wages. Box 413,
Call.
WANTED— GirI for kitchen and restaurant to
sleep home. 830 Howard st
YOUNG lady to assist in dental office. Ad-
dress Box 479, Call Office.
3 GIRLS to set straight matter. 10 Steven-
son st. • -
A NEAT young girl to assist in general house-
work; wages $12. 1524 Mission st. .
GOOD girl to do light housework: no wash-
Ing; $12 per month., Inquire 140 Fifth st.
grocery store. '
AN experienced apprentice on custom coats.
619 Taylor st. .
' ELDERLY woman to assist, two in family;
references. 236 Noe St., near Market.
GIRL for housework. 300 Fair " Oaks, cor.
Twenty-fourth.
YOUNG girl, general housework. Apply bet.
9 and 11, 1526 O'Farrell at.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; also
an apprentice. 461Vt Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom ooaU; also
an apprentice. 226 Minna st.
LADIES, attention— Select Ladles' Bu-
reau of Information, managed by San Fran-
cisco ladles, confidentially conducted; cash-
iers', teachers', clerks', salesladies' head-
quarters. 313 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser; young girl to learn.
MME. DELL A FAUST, 240 Stockton St.. near
Post. »
! WANTED— Finisher on custom coats; must
understand machine work. 528 Howard st.
STRONG girl for general . housework. Call
after Ba. m., 1511 A Howard st.
GERMAN girl wanted to do kitchen work. Call
at 324 Larkln Bt. ■; • -.
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats; good
pay; steady work. 239 Fifth street.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free:- patterns 25e up. McDowell's, 103 Post
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
at. ; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
HELP "WANTED— MALE.
A— FREE FARE FREE
.55 teamsters, two-horse team. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— l 6 HAY-MAKERS, $26. $25 and $20 and
found: 15 farm, orchard and vineyard hands,
$26, $25 and $20 and found; 4 choreboys and
men for ranches, $15, $12 and $10. MURRAY
: & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
! 25 LABORERS - — ■ 6 teamsters,
I city Jobs. $1 75, $1 and $1 50 a day; 3 stable-
| men. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
ASSISTANT baker, city. $20 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St. '■•-■■ ~ ;
A— 2s — —MINERS, —
$2 50 a day, exceptional good gravel mine, for
a great corporation. MURRAY A READY,
634 and 636 (lav at.
A— RAILROAD —MEN
teamsters and laborers, $1 75 a day. MUR-
RAY & READY, «34 and 636 Clay it.
A— 226 WOOD-CHOPPERS for different places
In California. $1 60. $1 and 70c cord. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 235 TIE-MAKERS, Be, 9c, 10c and lie each.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— CAMP cook, $45 to $50 and found — —
2 ranch cooks, $25 and $18 ' : —
■ 9 hotel cooks —4 waiters
8 restaurant cooks — '■ 3 waiter boys
3 second cooks -5 dishwashers
These positions range from $85 to $15 per
month and found. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay St.
A— DRY-GOODS clerk, see boss here, country
store. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st. . . ' , . '
GROCERY clerk.country store, see boss here.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and. 636 Clay st.
ALASKA
' A new railroad ' — ■ ■
I 600 rockmen • :: — — : ■ $3 a ! day
50 bridge carpenters $3 50 a day
! summer's work. For particulars call at C. R.
HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agency, 104
Geary, st.
ATTENTION
300 men for new railroads In California;
year's Job 1
Headers, hammersmen, muckers, $2 to $2 50
a day; teamsters, laborers, $20 and found and
$1 75 a day and . free fare. We ship dally,
north and south; free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. ; .,
TEN more teamsters with blankets to call at
our office at 7 o'clock to work on the coast
road; ship this morning; free fare. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
20 GRAVEL miners, $2 50 a day; 60 woodsmen,
$35 and found; 100 choppers and tiemakers; 15
teamsters, ditch work; 20 haymakers, $1 a
day; 20 farmers, $20 and found. C. R. HAJS*-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st
HEAD and second cook, water resort, $80 and
a $50: : ■— ! - —
, bread and cake baker, miners' boarding-
house $45 and found ; '■ '■
4 head cooks,, s2o, $IS, $12 and $10 a week
French cook and second, small family hotel,
$90
' French or Alsatian fry cook, country hotel,
| $60 . .—. — - — ; . .—. —
German head - ; and second cook, country
I hotel. $80 ; ■ ] — <.'■■■■ —
6 second cooks. $30 to $50; cook, railroad
camp, $40; ' third cook, $30; third-hand baker,
country, ; $25 and fare ; advanced, city $25; ' 2
baker's helpers, shop and hotel $20 an.A found
each; 20 dishwashers, . potwashera and vege-
tablemen. city and country, $-0 and $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter and 2 waiters, : nice r country
,' hotel, $35 and $25; waiters, country hotels and
mining boarding-houses, $25; 3 colored wait-
ers. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A- NOTICE to laboring men- — — — : :
■wherever this paper reaches,' city and coun-
:. try.v— : : : — —
we : want : teamsters, laborers and rock men
' for miles and • miles .of new railroad work In
California and Alaska. If you ' want work
come and see C. R. HANSEN & C 0. ,. Em-
ployment Agents, 104 Geary . St., ' S. F.
WANTED— Butler, $35; assistant gardener. $20:
waiter. $30; cook, $30; 2 dishwashers, $20 and
- $25: boy for store. ; $15; French hoy to wash
dishes. $16 to $20; young man to drive a laun-
dry wagon, $20; porter around saloon. $5 a
week; shirt kroner, and > polisher,' s3o to $35;
Japanese laundrynmn, private place, country
. $25, etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st. : '•■>. ■■■■■■;•■.; •■.
WANTED— ■ and wire for : fruit . ranch
$40; 5 milkers. $25; 10 laborers. $1 75 a day;
8 teamsters, $1 75 a day: 8 laborers, $1 60 a
day ; :: 4 gravel miners. $2 50 :a : day. <h J. ; F
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. "
WANTED— Steward ' ,"? for * restaurant; . second
: cook. $45; cook, $10, a week: rook, country. $30;
". .. second ; cook, ; restaurant. $12 n week- kitchen
:, men. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
! ■ Sacramento st. _,■■.- ■■■ :■'. . . \ , •
WANTED— : woodchoppers, ' Sonoma County
; tools ; and , cabins furnished, '$1 50 ocr j cord'
; good, long Job ; middle-aged man '■ to • cook 3 on
small ranch near city, $15 per month; German
dishwasher for. nice lunch house in city $■>'> so
. n.onth; farmers, haying hands,- milkers
j / nd ; others. W. : ; D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay?
C00K, 5 city ■ hotel, .: $40; v cook, *i country ':- hotel >
. near • city. $00: second « cook, same hotel • Jin'
;'j HOTEL GAZETTE, j 420 Kearny st. ! '
TO open <■ 10 ; country /stores ; an : incorporated
company, representing $150,000; managers and
; : clerks;. wanted. Particulars 313 Bush st. ■; "
HEAD : bookkeeper, wholesale liquor house v at
■-; once ; 2 : cellarmen; bottler:, 313 , Bush -j st. ' i' * ■
RARE opportunity for a man with small caDl-
tal; control, of business. 313 Bush st
WANTED— A good sober waiter at 405 Pa-
HELP ANTED— Continued. ;
SHOEMAKER wanted. .305 Third at.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 1042 V. Howard st.
WANTED— A barber with one or two years'
experience. 614 Geary st.
MARRIED caretaker; warehouse tally clerk;
3 crocery clerks; wholesale liquor house bar-
tender; office correspondent. 313 Bush at.
WANTED— Dishwasher, one who can cook
short orders. _«__. Fifth st.
STEADY man satisfied with M 6 per week In
light cash business. 1021 MarkeT, room 2.
■ W A.NTED— Errand boy for drug store. Ad-
dress in own handwriting, giving name, age
and residence. Drugs, box 389. Call office.
WANTED— Presser and a tailor. 1044 Howard
street. —
WANTED— First-class waiter. 15 Stockton
street. ' •
ERRAXD boy wanted, wages 81 50 * a .week
E S!dfo?nd Address box 416. Call office.
WANTED— Boy to work in grocery store; sleep
home Apply southeast corner Sacramento
and Leavenworth sts.
BOY wanted to feed Gordon press. R. R.
PATTERSON. 429 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS - cutter wanted. Apply 844 and
546 Market st. _______
WANTED— A shoemaker for repairing. 1820
Point Loops aye.
OPAL ring free! Sell only 15 stick-pin souvenirs
of war and the Maine at 10c each and we
give you free handsome genuine opal ring,
best gold plate, warranted two years; trial
subscription to new ill. patriotic magazine
free with each pin; no money required; Just
send full name and address and say you will
return pins or money by mail within two
weeks. The Columbian, 84 Oliver st., Boston.
Mass. ■ ■ ■ -
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla Alameda County. 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TEbLA
COAL CO., room 515. 328 Montgomery. S. F.
WANTED— 3 good coatmakers at once; good
wages. Apply at 189 Jessie. U. S. tailor-shop.
WANTED— salesman for grocery
business; state age; reference. Box 420. Call.
GOOD hotel barber shop, Including bath, In a
country town, for sale. For particulars at
604 Battery st. „
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
apeak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; 81 to 83 per week.
WANTED— button-hole maker and
finishers on custom vests. 609 Kearny at.,
room 2.
BEVELERS wanted. California Art Glass
Works, 103-105 Mission st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 133% Eighth st.
3 MEN to solicit and collect; part salary and
commission. 1232 Broadway, Oakland.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
t free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound, Mexico, etc. ; apply
. Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 504 Davis st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. South 628.
! MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, 82 50; men's
soling, Ssc; only one price. 959 Howard st.
! SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' As9'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and 81
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and 81 per week.
WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
I TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; 81 a week.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS - WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Halstead's great war
book. "Our Country In War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations: nearly 600 pages: all written
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored Il-
lustration?; agents making 810 to 839 per day;
no experience necessary; liberal terms; 20
days' credit: price low; freight paid; outfit
: free: send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union, 324 Dearborn Ft. Chicago.
AGENTS wanted for "Our Naval War With
Spain" \ splendidly ~ illustrated; only au-
thentic book to be published; free outfit now
ready; act quick. National Publishing Com-
pany, Lakeside building, Chicago.
EXPERIENCED business man to place excel-
lent article on the market; must be acquaint-
ed with wholesale grocers; good pay or part-
nership; a fortune In it. Address box 4SI.
Call office. .
STREETMEN wanted In every town to sell the
comical fighting figures representing Spain
and America; sample by mall 10c, A. MUL-
LIX, 242 Minna st.
AGENTS wanted for the latest and best colored
lithograph "Remember the Maine"; a quick-
seller and money-maker. Apply 308 Kearny st.
•IB LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. „•
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO or 3 housekeeping rooms, between Mont-
gomery st. and Grant aye.. Market and Pine
sts. Address 2335 Bush st. ,
WANTED — Furnished rooms for students, also
married couple without children. 313 Bush st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Suite 3: or 4 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms for married couple; no : children.
Box 421, Call office.
FURNITURE ANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed : to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest price paid. Tel. Davis 71.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
LOST.
LOST— A fox terrier, white with black over
each ear and piece bitten out of left ear;
answers to name of Bijou. Suitable reward
will be paid for return to LIEUTENANT G.
W. MARTIN, Eighteenth Infantry, Camp
Merritt. • , : ,
BETWEEN Octavla and Franklin or Hayes and
Oak. purse with 820 gold, 40c silver, locket,
key; liberal reward. 113 Franklin st.
LOST— The lady who lost 85 out of her purse
Saturday, June 4, at the Original Creamerie
Restaurant, 565 Market St.; ' please call and
oblige CARD ALL & MARSTON.
LOST— On Geary st. car line, grip containing
, valuable papers and medicine, marked with
owner's .name. ', Please, leave at Call office
and receive reward.
LOST-At Sutro's Baths, purse containing
money, gold ring; initials. Return to 2 Marye
Terrace. , :
FEMALE half-poodle from 115 . Arkansas st •
JO reward. ■ '
STRAYED— From Army and Bryant sts., light
gray horse. Return to 3020 Twenty-sixth st
receive reward. "'
L^^^n\t P frThlbe^r^ew^ n . t0 ™
L^adw^ : 2 re^. SP '? aog - / Return to
LOST-Ocean ■ View. Great Dane dog- dark
gray, undipped; ears cut; named ° ?ColII*"? Col II* "
Liberal reward, S. J. ALEXANDER. Ocean
M . AY 31> St dlam °nd scarf pin on~Market Tay^
ward's? 7 9t ' 1j ** V * " 219 Eddysi; re-
kv?^^ f _> m . ale pug ' answers to the name of
Flossie. Return to 1106 Hyde st. : • . v -/:
- r?i^? X ° I v . erco * t on Kearny ior Sutter sts.:
reward. HARRIS. Marine. Hospital.
CARPET CLEANING.
°!T! T St ? am c arpet-cleani;.g .Works: cleans,
mo\es lays carpets. -C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and -40 Eighth st.; telephone S^th 250.
■ WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send^UrSPAULDING'R Pioneer Carpet-
Beatlng W orks^ 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
A ?y i£S E P t-Cleanlng Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 394 1 , GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning C 0. .: 453
_ Stevenson St.; i tel. ; S. 228 ; : lowest ' rates. ;
CA S PETS leaned at 3c per yard: relald at 3c.
_STRATTON^ 3 Elg h St.; tel. Jessie 944. '
GREAT Eastern :; Steam Carpet-Cleaning
- orka. 14 St 'st:- B. GRANT. ; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
■-_• ft. ; cleaning 3c a yard; tel ' Mission" 74. y/
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
i * Gate aye. ; , tel. . Cast • 126.
PERSONALS.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts in-
curred by. my wife, Gussie Warnke, she hav-
ing left . my bed and board. PETER
WARNKE. ■
_ _^ '__ - MATRIMONY.
MARRY— Money refunded If not suited within
6 months; send 12c for monthly matrimonial
paper and special terms. Address "WEDDING
BELL," 111 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— legitimate matri-
monial assn. west of Chicago; details free.
BUSINESS 1 ERSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
I clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for Instance, on a J2O suit,
85 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 : Broadway, Oakland.
THERE Is a great difference in hair; I dress
your hair correctly: price 23c only; good
.switches 81; best, finest quality 83 50; extra
heavy, long. 85; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
| ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to 81 50 per night: 81 50 to J6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUIXOXIA Hair Tonic stops hair from fall-
ing out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
| . sage, salt baths and herb cure. £79 Geary st. _
! HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda,
i SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
I LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
j — _^—— —^_^— — ■ — — ■ —^
DRESSMAKERS.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking: suits 83'upTtO«i
fit guaranteed. 405 Turk st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses.
85 up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 15,
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies 7 French Tailoring*
College, 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranc*
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced ah*
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; sha
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with!
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 28, 1206 Market st., opposite Sixth.
' A— MRS. DR..E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market st.J
j trance medium. Without asking a question
she tells the name of her callers; she tells
past, present and future correctly; tells youtl
i age and occupation; she reunites the sepa,-
I ' rated, changes luck, causes speedy and happy
marriages with the one of your choice: sh«
locates buried treasures, removes evil influ-
! ences and all long-standing ailments. Letter*
with stamps enclosed promptly answered.
! FREE test to all this week. LEANDER. test
| and developing medium, 508 Eddy st.
I MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
I present and future; 25n. 148 Sixth ft., room 10.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st. -
MME. LE NORMAXDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401Leavnwth.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st., room 2. __^^
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth at.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 2"c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 2."c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pre-
' fcsslon: never falls; advice: help. 920 Post at.
| i J
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to- .
I night. 10c. 605 McAllister Ft.: fine music.
i MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
! spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister: tel. Jessie,
MRS. BUTLER reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
j MRS. SHAFFEI-. test and business medium;
sittings daily. 21? - Sixth st.
I MRS ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings 81; dr. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m.; Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. lIS Halght st. -.>. >
PALMISTRY.
FREE lecture by Mrs. Chandler, Sunday, ■ 3
p. m. ; hall 305 Larkln St.; readings daily; 553
Geary st.
——«—-——«—————————■ ——————————— —t
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402^4 Geary; hypnotism taugntl
diplomas issued: diseases and habits cured.
_ __________
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, 85; see new flexible)
plates: light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work:
our specialty; fillings. 50c: crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dentist-— set of teeth, 85 upj
painless extraction; fillings. 25c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 969 Mis*
slon St., southeast corner of Sixth. '"•"•--
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teettt
from 88 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and:
patentee of. improved bridge work or teetli
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.-
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. 85 up: fillings, 25c up: all work}
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUELLA COOL, 554 Sutter; crowns, Jsj|
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUH.'
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUH.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. CO3-607. J
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. JJ
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ■ ,
SET of teeth without a plate. 'DR. H. C"
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the Unite*
States, postpaid, for SI 50 a year.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEAI.D'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book» <"
keeping, business practice, shorthand. typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;,
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue. i
AY RES' Business College, 723 Market at.?
individual instruction in shorthand; typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 555 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Xewel Perry.Ph. B..FeN
low In Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channing way. Berkeley for circular*
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, meoh. survey, assay, archit. : day & eve. c
est. 1564. VAX PER NAILLBX. 933 Market,
COMPETENT teacher piano wishes pupils*
terms reasonable. Call or address 1206^4
Jackson st.
SHORTHAND taught in one month; terms $10:
students should investigate. 712 an Ness.
HOIISES.
j^o~^UYs"a~lloo^pound gentle horse and covered;
wagon and harness; all in order for camping!
cheap outfit. 521 X st.. Sunset District.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; .wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
' 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade ' Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth St.; auction sales ?very Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons.' buggies, wagons. !.arneps of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia St. . T. P. NEWELL.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and |
second-hand and new wagon: ; cheap. Bull's
Head Repository. . Fifteenth mi Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and nicies. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
FIXE laundry, baker's and mi'k wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and opea
buggy: also 1 hack S2B Harrison st.
ATTORNEYS A L.AW.
ALL private law cases, Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln,
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
. ket: 7 consultation ; free; no fees in advance,
ADVICE free eon • all legal matters. T. F,
Stack, ; 14 McAllister St.. room 64.'
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
TYPEWRITERS. :
-ALL typewriters . sold ■ and rented; few ■ parti*
:■- used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDERS CO.. 110 Montgomery.
YOST, good order, 825; send for sample work.
I SCOTT & BAN NAN, 333 Montgomery it.BUSINESS CHANCES.
$1050 — OLD -ESTABLISHED bar-room ~on
J^ 1 " 1 . 4 . "•• close to Chronicle building: rent
$100; doing a good paying business; only first-
?'M ,. cus i om : large Etock on hand. See
\MLKI . .S3 Market st; new number B+s.
$1250— BARROOM doing a first-class paying
• business and elegantly fitted up; close to
Palace Hotel; rent $50; a rare buslnes* open-
L n *-.V all AVILK E. 783 Market St., new num-
ber 845.
$600-OLD-ESTABLISHED and first-class pay-
Ing saloon; close to Baldwin Hotel; low rent;
elegant fixtures; a great sacrifice; Important ;
business calls owner north. Call WILKE,
783 V. Market st.
A— s6oo RESTAURANT In the very best loca-
tlon. doing a rushing business; flrst-class
prices and best class custom; low rent. In-
qulre -WILKE. 783 Market st.
A— S2SO— SALOON close to water front; low
c 6c 6 ■i».r, l i ma; oll >£ a good paying business. :
See, A\ ILK E, 783 Market st. .
A— sl7so; BEST- PAYING restaurant In city; es-
tablished years; kept by owner the last five
■ years; private rooms: the very best business
location; average daily receipts above $40 In-
qulre WILKE, 783 Market st.
$2500— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon in choicest
• down-town location, with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
.other engagements compel owner to sacrifice
WILKE. 753 Market st.
A PARTNER wanted, either lady or gentle-
man. In paying restaurant, to receive cash
and look after help; meals 25c up; small capi-
tal if suitable party; trial; great opening. • M.
LESS. 765 Market st
$SSO— FIRST-CLASS butcher shop, north of
• Market St.; 2 horses, 2 wagons, handsome
store; clearing $125 to $150 per month; trial.
M. LESS, 766 Market st.
SALOON, north Market; great business
street; big transient and regular trade; large
stock, fine fixtures; 6 living rooms; owr.or
there 8 years; other business cause of sale:
genuine offer. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
CORNER butcher shop; best part In Mis-
sion; neat store bound, to attract custom;
receipts $9 to $10; Saturdays $26; all cash
trade; departure cause of sale; great e_cri-
flce. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
CORNER saloon and liquor store, princi-
pal street heart of city; old established; large
stock; handsome fixtures; business speaks for
itself; full Investigation to prove that this
offer Is actually worth $1500; present owner
there for years; sickness compelling sale.
Appiy M. LESS 765 Market St., opposite Phe-
lan building.
$400- Bakery; principal street, heart of city;
living rooms; rent $25; baking IV. bbls. flour
per day; all store trade; Impossible to find
anything better in this line. M LESS. 765
Market st.
A— KREDO & CO. 22U Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$3000— Drug store; good chance for practi-
cal man.
Millinery; clears $260 monthly during
season.
$600— Roadhouse; 20 rooms; dance hall.
$860 — Roadhouse; San Bruno road; furniture.
$750— Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms.
$176 — Grocery and bar; give-away.
Delicacy; fine corner; with living rooms.
$450— Best shooting gallery; cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO. •
A— s2ooo; WOOD, coal, hay. grain and livery
stable; clears $200; full value of stock.
KREDO & CO.
IN a healthy farming locality, a blacksmith
shop and well established business; comfort-
able dwelling; orchard bearing enough fruit
for family; chicken house, barn and a water
capacity which pays $15 per month; business
clears a net profit of $1800 to $2000 per year;
object, retiring. Apply MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
_3 Kearny st.
$250— PARTNER wanted In laundry routes;
will pay over $75 per month to each. Mc-
■ LA UGH LIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$150— RESTAURANT; bargain this day; leaving
the city. McLAUQHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
CORNER grocery and bar; good horse ami
wagon; stock worth price asked. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kt-arny st.
FIRST-CLASS paying Vestaurant; established
for 8 years with same owners; best location;
junction of two leading streets; trial given
before purchasing; price made to suit buyer;
present owners going to Europe. For particu-
lars address K. J., box 9, Call office. Oakland.
PARTNER want"d; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given: short hours; duties light. 31 Third st.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. in.
FOR SALE or exchange— s3soo; drug store:
Gal vest on; on principal street: doing good
business; owner has other business. O.
BERGER. Galveston. Texas.
-STOCK and fixtures of a well paying cigar
store for sale: good reason for selling; no
agents. Southeast cor. Sansome and Wash-
ington sts.
'$275— LIGHT manufacturing business for sale;
horse, wagon and route; a bargain on ac-
count of other business. Particulars 244
Third st. . . '. ;
PAYING cash milk business; 2 wagons; "2
routes; 3 horses; milk depot; cheap; owner
leaving town. U. S., box 7. Call office. Oak-
- land.
$SCA— FOR sale; a chop house doing a good
business; rent $15; this Is a bargain. Ad-
dress Call offlce.
FOR SALE or rent: everything complete for a
6mall baker}'- Call or address for three days.
12 Adair st.
FOR- sale cheap — grocery and bar; nicely
located. Inquire 1400 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
$200— CANDY ."tore, Ice cream parlor; 3 fur-
nished living rooms; a bargain. 1422 Polk st.
NOTION' store and bakery for sale; less than
half; must sell. 1661 Grove St., Oakland.
WOOD and coal business, old stand; must
sell Immediately; no agents. Box 403, Call.
FOR SALE — Branch bakery, on account of
sickness. Address box 41.", Call office.
TO exchange: new first-class restaurant, doing
good business. Box 3SB, Call office.
TWO chair barber shop; first-class location.
1C22 Fairview st., I>.rin. Berkeley.
$125 — GROCERY Btore; good beer trade; rent
$10; living rooms. 230 Langton st.
FINE corner saloon; 4 living rooms; rent $20;
selling at sacrifice. 331 Sixth st.
FOR SALE) — Cheap; grocery and bar. Call at
Chicago Brewery.
FOR SALE on account of other business, a
nicely fitted up restaurant; suitable for man
and wife. Apply at 867 Mission st.
BUTCHERS, attention .—For sale very cheap,
one of the best shops in the city: other
business the cause of selling. Box 4678. Call.
FOR SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamales;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard at.
FOREIGN capital for large tracts timber,
grazing lands, cattle ranches, copper mines;
only large propositions entertained. Address
Capital, box 428, Call office.
NEWSPAPER wanted; a practical printer, ex-
perien;-cd in all lines of country work, wants
to lease a weekly paper for one year, with
privilege of purchase. Address box 446, Call.
CORNER grocery for sale; 20 years under pres-
ent owner, who leaves on account of sickness.
Eighth and Harrison sts., opposite Recreation
Park. . .
GROCERY and bar, 4 I rooms; furniture If
wanted; stable; at a bargain. Apply at 455
Clementina st.
SMALL first-class restaurant; 4 sleeping rooms;
great bargain; party going away. Call 686
Geary et. • 1
FOR Sale— Blacksmith shop: tools; good busi-
ness; sickness. 406 Eleventh st.
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard for sale.
Box 455. Call office. '
$400— SALOON and 10 furnished rooms: all
rented; saloon doing fine business; best loca-
tion In city; rent $20 month. BASILE. 873V4
•or 1039 Market st.
$500— FINE milk delivery route In Santa Rosa;
5 horses, 2 wagons, harness and all the ap-
■ pllances; military call reason for sale; refer-
ences. 2201 Steiner tt. .
REAL estate and Insurance business in grow-
ing neighborhood; chance for enterprising
. man. 301 Noe it. ; ' '' "'
FOR sale— Salcon and restaurant; cheap rent;
lease. 3232 Misßion St., near Twenty-ninth.
GROCERY store for sale. Inquire at 220 First
• s.t., northwest corner Tehama. !
SNAP— 4O-can milk business; good milk from
country secured; cash trade clearing $150 per
month; $300 down, balance 6 months' time;
horse, wagon, cans, etc. Box 511, Cull office.
$100— DAIRY depot, with small butter route;
good-paying business; low rent; reason of.
selling, going East. Address box 510, Call.
PARTNER wanted with $2000 in a wholesale
■ and retail liquor business. Address box 608,
• Call office. . •
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale. Address
Call agency, Stockton.
ONLY restaurant In St. Helena, Napa Co.;
good paying; bargain, on account of. owner
leaving State. Address P. NJNEKIRK. St. :
" Helena, Cal.
FOR sale— 2 old-estab groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
SALOON for sale. 333 Bush st.
BRANCH bakery and grocery; will sell cheap
on account of sickness. 537 Sixth st.
•WANTED— Young lady partner with $200; good
business. X., box 10, Call office, Oakland.
FOR Bali — route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business olllceor to E
F. PIERCE, San Jose. .
COFFEE and - tea routes supplied from GEO
•W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st. '
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorin, Cal.
i i -t.fnr irY*iif '!_'"■_■* -i r- ..--■. - ■ "'- '■
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
PARTIES deelrlng to sell* their business
promptly for cash. HEALY, 917 Market st.
$150— CORNER saloon near junction, of Market
St.; handsomely fitted up; rooms furniture
included In sale. Apply HEALY & CO., 917
Market st. ■ •- ■. • .■■■-■■ .-• -■■
$700— MILK, butter and egg route. 200 custo-
mers, clearing $100 month; horse and wagon.
Apply HEALY & CO., 917 Market st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
"Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10,
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon, the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers; before
making contracts call at general office. 680
Market bUi - -
DRY washer for dry mining, $25; will run 20
tons a day. 521 X St.. Sunset District.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
I OFFER FOR SALE .
28-room boarding house *X*™
24 rooms; transient; clears $150 500
25 rooms on Market; clears $100.....^. 600
M-room house; 2 fronts; offer wanted ....
4 20-room houses; from $300 to 3600
3 60-rootn houses: from $1400 to. 3000
8 105-room houses: from $2pOo to 6000
65-room hotel; cost $10,000 :•'""" 3j>W
DO-room apartment house for exchange.. 4000
7-nx>m flat on Geary St «:room"house":.s|o
20-room house M 22-room house ..$5OO
10 room house 160 24 rooms, corner.. .a 0
X r^oms cor 3«0 14 rms. on Sutter 700
to "*"" "- H c '^- D ECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & — " — 22<4 Geary st.
A «£ T5T 5: DAT _ BROKERS
List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
houses; all sizes; all prices.
Following are a few special bargains. - -
23 rooms; reduced from $1000 to $600
38 rooms; worth $2500; f or .. — •••.•• ii:y,"""W
20 rooms: sunny corner; bargain at $2000.. 1600
20 rooms; rent only $60 7;>o
Many large houses from 60 _to XK ™" 13 - too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.. _ii
Geary st. * ■■
LODGING house wanted In exchange for
Oakland unlncumbered house and lot. # KRE-
DO & CO.. 22V^ Geary st.
I WINSTON & CO.. 646 MARKET ST. ~
15 rooms; doctor pays $7»; payments.... ssoo
15 rooms; $200 cash; balance $10 monthly.. 4ao
16 rooms; doctor pays $60; $000 cash. 13dO
IS rooms; corner; part cash... 660
35 rooms; rent $100; part cash; only 950
40 rooms; rent $65; pick-up.............. 500
43 rooms; first floor pays rent; central 4000
1 LIST your houses with me. I can sell for cash.
i Want no exclusive contract.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
36 ROOMS, substantial furniture, cheap. In
city: would exchange for lots. 472 Eighth St.,
room 7, Oakland. -
FURNITURE FOR | SALE.
FOR Furniture of 6' rooms;' cheap. 283
Jessie st., fronting on Fourth.
2 BEDROOM sets good as new. 3-4. $5; double
with marble top. $7. 424 Tehama, near Fifth.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
i AS~we~are selling good upright pianos for $6
s cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
! $3 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., Baa Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S,
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
! est. Everything possible done to please and
! satisfy the customer.
' WE are offering some great piano bargains In
i second-hand pianos; fine oaes $155; others In
proportion. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-18-20
j O'Farrell St.; Chlckering agents.
1 CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary St.. cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano: no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
j no interest first year. ■ SOS. 310, 812 Post St.
AN Emerson piano, good for practice, $50; an-
other, $75; also elegant piano, $175. J. DEW-
ING CO., room 12, Flood building.
FINE upright, " almost new. for sale. 720
Montgomery aye.; upstairs. -
NEW pianos rented. $2 50 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
BEST goods; lowest prices: easy payments:
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS— SIOO, $125. $150: agency famous
Haines Bros. W. C. HAMILTON. 824 Post st.
| GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert. Stelnway.
Neuman, others. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
i a GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
I St.. next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
• KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 80 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR sale— miscellaneous.
NO. 3 Blake's improved steam pump, with
hand power attachment; suction pipe 1%
inch; discharge IV4 inches; complete; ready
for use. Address R., box 3, Call office. Oak-
land. ■
, PARTY about making a change wishes to
give away family cats; only to those who can
give good home outside city. Box 467, Call.
FOR sale— Columbia road racer, good order,
$30 or offer; also Italian mandolin, $13 60;
cost $40; after 6 p. m. 1612 Pacific aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission Et., above Sixth.
CENTER-BOARD yacht for sale; nearly
new; maßts, sails, oars; everything complete
as she stands. Address box 475, Call office.
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment;. 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
DONKEY for sale; also saddle. Apply at 101
Spruce Ft.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. 614-516-518 Mission st.
i $67 50— PIANO, good condition; $5 down, $3 per
month. 225 Sutter st.
i LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods; new 2d-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
I building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, - 2'l-hand machinery. Mc-
i INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
I SAFES — New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mr, .533 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 103-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, $5 per do*. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi, 633-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission. near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GREAT sacrifice; 10 acres good Sonoma County
land, Improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn ' and
beans; good road: near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, 153 Third.
XO exchange for Mission Improved property —
A beautiful 9-room residence near Univer-
sity. Berkeley; nice stable, windmill, tank-
house, cement walks, lovely laid out grounds;
must be seen to be appreciated. Box 524. Call.
! TO exchange — Houses and lots for ranches. J.
9 H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
_ ___ STORAGE. —
FURNITURE. • trunks, etc". Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission st. : tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RT7DOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market: telephone South 168.
" ~ LEGAL NOTICES. .
RAILROAD Consolidation— to the
statute In such case made and provided, no-
tice Is hereby given th_.t the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad; Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Pactflo
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
; fourths In value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of .the respective Boards of Directors of,
said corporations, made and entered Into In
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute In such case made and pro-
vided did. on the 14th day of April, A. D.
1&99 amalgamate nnd consolidate their capital
t'o(i< debts property, assets and franchises
under the i corporate name and style : of j th«
Southern Paclno Railroad V OT^^^ irrr
Secretary of : the Southern Paciflo Railroad
V; PHYSICIANS.
C C O'DONNELL, • office and - residence,
1206 j/strkei; disease- or women a specialty.
THE SA3N FKANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JTI^E 7, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN . —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery SU
DORE, 274— House of « rooms; U4; 2 flats;
would answer for 2 families.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
POLK, 1710, near Clay— Modern bay-window
house, 7 rooms and bath; $25.
SUNNY 7-room house; modern Improvements;
large garden: stable If desired; rent reason-
able. 1913 Vi O'Farrell ct.
TO let— House of 30 rooms and bath; newly
painted. 833 Mission st.
TURK, 524..— Sunny modern house, 6 rooms,
bath; gas: $IS, with water; rear.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 362SA— Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage. ;
CORNER cottage of 6 rooms, $13; yard. Lor- |
bard and Hyde ets. j
COTTAGE house, 2 large sunny rooms, yard,
basement. Apply 622 Minna St.. near Seventh.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 roonip; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth st, near
Dolores.
TURK, 1707, near Scott— Cottage of 4 rooms and
yard; $10.
$20— COTTAGE. 5 rooms; prettiest In city: new;
2963 Twenty-first St.; key at corner grocery.
FUKMSHED HOUSES TO LET.
NEW, modern, sunny corner house, nicely fur-
nished; 7 rooms and bath. Apply 3925 Cali-
fornia St., corner Second aye.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely rumi.hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 pm. _^___^_
FLATS TO LET.
A— WE want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special Inducements; 10 to 30 days tree rent;
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A 5-ROOM upper flat; rent $12: sun all day.
1016 Minna yt., between Eleventh and Twelfth
and I^afayette.
A FINE view— New Bunny upper flat ol 6
rooms and bath. 1005 Hayes Bt.
ALL OVERSOWN—
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CASTRO, 1512, near Twenty-flfth— Flat. 4 large
rooms; bath, gas, mirror- top .mantels; $11 50.
EIGHTEENTH, 4555, 4587, 4.'.91, near Hattie — 4
and 5 rooms and bath, $10, $12 and $13.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern im-
provements, 3425 Twentieth Bt.. bet. Capp
and Howard: also fiat of 4 rooms and bath,
8442 Twentieth st^
FLATS and cottage to let, Bryant and Juniper
sts. Apply to owner, MRS. L. LOUGHRAN.
919 Bryant st.
FLAT to let; yard in front and back. 12
Lewis st., bet. Taylor, Jones, Sutter and Post.
FOLSOM, 816, near Fourth— Flat of 4 rooms,
with water, $10 month; sunny side.
FOLSOM, S. W. cor. Thirteenth— Two flats, 5
rooms, bath: rent suit times. Apply premises.
FRANKLIN, 715— Upper flat; cornar; 6 rooms
and bath; first-class order; reasonable.
FULTON. 118— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
GROVE. 731— Upper flat; fine, light sunny
rooms; bath: adults.
HARRISON, JO4l, opp. Eighteenth— Two sunny
flats: 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HAVES, 1751, and 1706 Waller— Sunny flats; 3
to 5 rooms and bath: $7 50 to $15: near park.
HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, near Thirteenth
—Seven rooms; choice; sunny; $2J; water free;
key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
NINETEENTH, 3930, bet. Noe and Sanchez—
Flat, 5 large rooms; bath, gas. large yard;sl2 50.
POST. 1706 — 3 and 4 rooms; sunny flats; bath;
garden; rent $12 and $15.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $18. 1577
Turk st.
$14 — Cozy sunny lower flat, 4 rooms, bath and
yard. * 6 Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth.
$20 — Flat of 6 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements. 3579 Seventeenth st., near Noe.
ROOMS FOH HOI SKKEEI'IAG.
A~SUITE of 2 nice back sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding bei'.B: 1 in
kitchen an.l 1 in be<lr.x>rn, with suit to match;
furniture till new; $2 2r, per w,-ek; suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at sho f » store. 662 Mis-
sion St.. between First and Becond.
BUSH. U'3<\ near Larkin -3 sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping^
DEVISADERO, 1611— Nicely furnished sunny
airy housekeeping rooms, $10, $12 and $16.
EDDY. 915 — 2 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
rooms; gaa range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
EDDT, 917— Very desirable front connecting
housekeeping; khk ranee; spl^n-lld location.
EIGHTH. 108 — Housekeeping; sunny front
room, bay window, with kitchen.
ELLIS. 214— Sunny front rooms; also house-
keeping; $1 50 to $2 50 per week.
ELLIS. 51S — Sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished. $15.
FIFTH, 353-2 furnished parlors, kitchen, batn,
$21; also one nice room. $7.
FIFTH. J'-V... front room and kitchen: fur-
nished for housekeeping; water In kitchen.
FULTON. 116 — Front sunny room complete for
housekeeping, $10 month; 2 back rooms, $8.
GEARY, 402 — 3 handsome sunny corner rooms;
gas rajige; other rooms; cheap.
GEARY, 556, formerly 518 — Elegant sunny par-
lor suites; single, double rooms; housekeeping.
GEARY, 1917 — For adults: 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal: $20.
HOWARD, 1059 Vi— Sunny; completely furnished
housekeeping; also double and single rooms;
$5 up^
HOWARD, 1128H— Sunny front suites for
housekeeping; water; stoves; bath. $10 & $VS.
HOWARD, 1205—2 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; cheap.
HYDE, 6A— Sunny suite, furnished or unfur-
nished for hoii*ek<-eping.
LEAVENWORTH. 1503. near Jackson— 3 nice
sunny furnislu-'l rooms for housekeeping; $10.
MARKET, 102S--Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; $12.
MARKET. 1507—1 sunny unfurnished house-
k". ; Ing rooms, running water; also small
furnished room.
MISSION, 829—2 lßrire sunny housekeeping
rooms neatly furnished; $12 per month.
MISSION, 1063— Clean sunny rooms; housekeep-
ing and others; week or month; very cheap.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front suite, single,
small kitchen, $13; front bay-window, light
housekeeping. $8 50; gas.
OAK, 48— Unfurnished bay-window room,
kitchen, pantry, 2 closets; first floor; $8.
POINT LOBOS aj(e., 2200—8 sunny rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
POLK, 805— Large clean front sunny alcove
room; exclusive kitchen; bath; gas; $17.
POLK, 1619—8 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
SIXTH, 244— Nice sunny front rooms complete
for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
THIRD, 309— Furnished room, complete for
housekeeping, $5; 2 rooms for $10 a month.
TURK, 543 — Large front room, complete for
housekeeping: gas and bath; $12.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
THREE or 6 pleasant sunny rooms, furnished
housekeeping; nice grounds: central. 615 15th.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT Hotel Florence — Elegant suites from $20
month; single $10; a gulet home; bath: eleva-
tor; every convenience for families and large
parties, by the day or week: give us a call.
AT 112 Taylor— New management; new furni-
ture; elegant rooms; good board, day or mo.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 718-TIT-Tl* Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 52 Second st.— Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms; ?1 a week and up.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-clasa
in every respect; terms reasonable.
I AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
i AT 147 Powell and 211 OFarrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
BuHKMIA, W Post- Klegant sunny rooms for
families and gentlemen: strictly first-class.
! CLINTON Park. 150, near Thirteenth and Va-
lencia — Nice sunny furnished room, use of
kitchen, $8; no children.
DELAWARE, 143S Market -Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— If you want sunny, clean, quiet
rooms call here; $6 upj
EDDY. 207— Newly furnished single and doubl*
rooms, $6 a month and up.
EDDY, 743— Parlor fl<v>r of 4 unfurnished rooms;
also upper flat; reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
EDDY, 62S— Elegant sunny front bay-window
alcove room; running water, bath, gas, grate;
Connecting bedroom If desired; strictly flrst-
class. !
ELEGANTLY furnished apartments with spe- i
clal privileges for refined gentleman; no I
other roomers. Address E. G., box 451. Call.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites^ for gents. $1 60 to $8 week, j
ELLIS House, 121 l Market, nr. Sixth— Furnish- j
ed rooms, $1 60 to $5 per week; transient. |
FOURTH, 246— Nice sunny furnished room, |
$3 50 month.
FULTON. 233, near Van Ness— Handsomely
furnished bay-window room; gas; grate;
bath: reasonable.
GKARY, 595, cor. Jones— Elegant sunny rooms,
suites and slnglej^strictly flrst-class; refs.
GEARY. 622— Pretty, sunny bay-window front
room; running water; single rooms.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor, Seventh and Howard—
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House., 821 Howard— Per night, 25c
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars, j
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 630— Neatly furnished I
room for gentleman only. t
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family I
rooming-house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 741— Sunny front bay-window i
rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
HYDE, 408— Sunny suite and single rooms, with
or without board; excellent table; reasonable.
MASON, 611— Large] sunny furnished room; '
gas; bath; also single; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Elt?hth— Newly furnished I
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, li'26— Nice large sunny parlor; piano, '
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
OAK, 22— Large light sunny front room; sult-
able for workshop or- storage; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur- I
nitur;; elegantly furnished sunny suites and I
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable. :
I PHILADKLPHIA House— FurnlBhed^ooms.~JJc !
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms: first- !
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHUL2. '
SACRAMENTO, 136T.— Three rooms; separate
entrance; rent $7; good yard.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth «t-.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
I SILVER State House. 16-18 Mason stw— Fur-
niahed rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week; ;
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transient sollc- ;
Ited: restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE, i
proprietor.
SUNNY room: bath; gas; Protestant family.
Box 4M. Call office
, gUTTER mi— Nice front suites, $12 month! !
single rooms, $5; also complete housekeeping
rooms.
SUTTER. 1148— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod. j
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
| arate beds. $10: sunny single room. $1 60.
THREE or 4 furnished rooms to let: bath and :
use. of piano. 3176 Twenty-fourth st.
TURK. 259— Unfurnished and newly furnished i
moms; suitable man and wife.
TURK, 303— Large front bay-window room, j
newly furnished.
TURK. MS— Front sunny furnished rooms; $6
up; bath.
TURK, ">24, near Larkin— Sunny parlor floor of '
5 rooms. b;ith : Kits.
ROOMS A.(D BOARD.
I ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new, cheerful; first-class every respect; board
optional. The Sirlus, 1505 Stockton: Kearny cars '■
ELLIS, 51S- Punny bay-window room, with |
board, reasonable.
ELLIS, 51R— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $20 per tonth. j
FOI^SOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $6 pet week: nice location. ;
HOWARD. HM— Sonny double parlors; first^j
floor; board optional.
6COTH PARK. 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new. ele- '
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st. <
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
i SUTTKR. '•'" Kl»pant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
SUITER. UJS Sunny suite: single rooms: flrst-
class bonrd; large grounds. Mrs.W. F. Evans.
I VAN NEBS aye., 808— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric lights, bath, with board;
I terms moderate.
: $4 A MONTH; sitting and bedroom combined:
sunny: gentleman; furnished. Box 4487. Call.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
! SINGLE lady would Tike* little^ gTrT~to~boanf,
I teach anJ for company In country; $4. Ad-
j dress Box 412, Call Office.
WIIKMV would board 1 or 2 small children or
Infant. S27r- Seventeenth .-^t., n»..ir Mission.
JEPSIF, 339— G00d home for infant or 1 or 2
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 234 1 , Sixth st.
STORKS TO LET.
CORNER store. Twenty- fourth and Florida
sts. ; formerly occupied by drug store. In-
quire at 2f">2 Twenty-fourth st.
CORNER: always bakery; new oven; 5 living-
rooms; 100 Franklin st. DR. MEYER. 935
Market St.
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Snnsome sts.;
handsome corner store, with or without base-
ment: CO
i $12— STORE, with fixtures, 3 living rooms and
cell.tr. TOPS Natoma st.. near Eleventh.
OFFICES TO LET.
PHYSICIANS; dentists— Corner bay-window
suites of three rooms; first floor. 102 Ellis
St.. corner Powell.
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, 579, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express^.
Becond floor; power available for straw
works, paper box, shirt, shoos, factories, etc.
HBDXCAJU
A TREATMENT ttiat restores alf~cases~of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
h .me In confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYKTH. KjB Turk st., mar Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments ised; guaranteed
cure at office, $r>; travelers helped instantly;
home In confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
CO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; oelf-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 69 McAllister
St.: pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $& /
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere WTite us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; Irregularities from any cause re-
stored In one day, or no charge; restores
strength and vlgnr of Organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low
fees; cure, $6; pills, $1; when others fall
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
Me A 1 1 Ister St.
NEW process; a great progress in medical
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or Instruments
ÜBed; restores In one day without fall; every
womnn her own physician; away, disgrace:
consultation free: can be sent and used at
home: by the well known DR. POPPER, 318
Kearny st. Call on a man physician.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
DR. and MRS WBGBNEr! 1312 GoTden"Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones st..
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital, N. V. ; d -eases of women; advice
free: experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers^Seguro; price
$1 60; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c Ftamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., C3l X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too laU\
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason St.; pri-
vate home In confinement; competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reas. Powell-st. cars.
MRS. ARCH:ClU>7~mldwtfe: home in confine^
ment: confinement nlone $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister st. : diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mm. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edles: 38 years' exoerlence. 254 % Fourth st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$875— PROSPECT ave.,ea«t side, near Esmer-
alda St., cottage and - lot ' 50x70 feet: Gift
Map No. 3. CHAS. C. FISHER. 624 Market.
$2675 — COTTAGE, 5 rooms and ■ attic; easy
terms; Liberty St., near Castro; open Sun-
days. J. ANDERSON, Builder. __
$350—240x200; BLOCK 183, Abbey Homestead As-
sociation, San Mateo County. CHARLES C.
FISHER, 624 Market St. ■ ■•
45 FEET 10 inches on Mission st. by 127^4 on
Spear. > Inquire at 546 Clay St. . • *
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR RENT— 4OO acres mountain grazing in
- Mendoclno; abundance of water; timber
mostly tan oak. Box 422, Call office.
TO parties having money to invest seeking
sure and large .. returns should view the 100
acres superior vegetable land near ■ this city
in Alameda County, among the best in the
county; should be viewed now Just as the
crop is growing; Bee the location and the
products; this is better than most Invest-
ments offered and right at home, adjoining
railroad station, fronting, on a prominent
creek; Ino overflow nor drouth; don't delay
investigation. ; ALBERT E. CRANE. .410
Montgomery, st.
HOMESTEAD, Santa Clara County; fruit or
nice chicken location; price $150; worth $500,
nice trout stream; large oak timber; near
railroad station. Call at 531 California St.,
room 1. ..-■•,.
FOR — Little home near Sonoma, Sonoma
Co.; 2% acres; 6-room house. Address A. H.
CHESSMORE, Sonoma. Cal.
MODERN cottage in Berkeley for exchange
for country property; near Auburn preferred.
Address box 7555, Call office, v •
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 ap acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co., Cal.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos' In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest .rates, without
' removal; no commissions; no delays J
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. . . ■■■ -  -.....-..
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper. j
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
, strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny st., upstairs.
ANY amount at CM per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St. tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
• moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10 -
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker St Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum.' Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st. ■ •
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition: • Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. «28 Market st.
ON pianos, furnttuie; no removal lowest
rates: no com.; private. 118 McAllister st.
'''"'. MONEY WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE business man wants $300; good
j country security. Box 400, Call office.
O5 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ada taken.
— — ~ — — *^~ — — — — — — — — -^M
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS. IPS Montgomery St.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and bcrrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason' St.. bet. Market and Eddy.
PROPOSALS. V
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— office, Board of Super-
visors, Kan Francisco, March 12, ISSB.
In ■ accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
publice notice is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON. Sep-
tember 12, 1898, between the hours of 2:30
! and 3 o'clock.
I The proposed building is to be of modern de-
i sign and to be constructed of stone Or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
t provements required as to construction " and
.sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or - contracted for hospital
■ purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
! ity as being indispensable in the construction
j of such a building.' •' " : -. .
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health, described as follows:
\ Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official man of the City and
County of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet;
thence' due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five ("Of.) feet to the southerly line of
. the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Alms-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) l'eet
to the point of commencement; containing
9.659 acres. ' '
The said plans and " specification to bo so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) \ dollars, which
sum irust cover the entire expense' for the
erection and completion of the proposed
building. .. .
NOTlCE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications, for
'said hospital building an itemized estimate
-of the cost of said buildlns, the statute re-
quiring eight (■>) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
- ($2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plants
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
' ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to insure the
. completion - and construction of the said
■. building . for the- amount of the- estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect.- The
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by. the Board to be second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
$1000, $750 and $;00 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which mayb e considered
useful or necessary be embodied in the plans
adopted may be used without further cost or
charge. JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
NOTICE ' TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego. California, no-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until o'clock
a. m. of June 24, .1808, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labof necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of . the San Diego State Normal
! School building. .:
Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: L For the masonry work,
Including all brick, concrete and . cement
. work and all . necessary excavations and fin-
ing ; 2. for the iron work; 3,. for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4. for
th* plumbing and gas-fitting work; 6, for the
tinning ■ and salvaged Iron work;' 8, t »
cainting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied^ with a - bond, of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of We proposal, with. at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter Into a proper con-
Each . proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond. - Inclosed in
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
Indorsement. thereon showing what portion of
the building is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' ■ Ni.
tlona Bank of San Diego. California. befo«
10 o'clock a. m. of June 14, IS9S. , . . .
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
'■ contracts based thereon will be made on
June 24, 189S, at 10 o'clock a. m., at room 35,
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Call-
j-. fornia, . < - : - '• ' ' . ■ ■;■'•■
"■ - The contractors to whom contracts are
i awarded will be required to file with said
board a good "and sufficient bond to- the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
■ for the faithful and proper performance of
. bis contract. ? ; - ' < *%&3liliiP'*S&*&!&&£*s&&mfmi&fhs l &
'The plans, and specifications of said build-
ing can be seen' during business hours at the
' office of Hebbard & Gill, architects. Grant
building. San Diego, California. ,-
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School -of San Diego. Cali-
fornia. :-■ ■ '•' ;' '•; •'■ ■■■ ■■'"• ■■■-■■■ "•' ■--.:■:.-
■ By W R. GTJY, President Board Trustees.
Attest- ROBERT C. JONES. Secretary. _ ...
TREASURY Department, \ Washington, D. C,
' May < 13, 1898— Sealed proposals * will :be re-
ceived nt this department until 2 o'clock p.m.,
Wednesday, June 22, 1898, for. manufacturing
' ; and '•■ placing i In '■■ position In the . United \ States
" building, "•• San • Francisco, Cal., i certain % quar-
i tered white oak furniture. *• Drawings, specifi-
' cations and blank . forms ; of proposal can (be
'obtained ■■- upon application -to •- the- custodian,
custom house. San Francisco.: Cal. The right
to reject any and all bids, and to waive de-
'• '•"• fects, 3ls reserved. .-. Proposals should be ;• ad-
i '.' dressed to . the : Secretary •' of ;■. the * Treasury,
Washington, D. C. and indorsed: "Proposals
for Furniture, i San Francisco, Cal." . O. L.
SPAL'LDING, Assistant Secretary. ". ,:'.;.;■,:
,-.„....... - . • • - . - •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS $75; $5 cash. $5 monthly: build your
home or we will, build for you; payment as
rent; $20 cash. $5 monthly: about % acre; ro-
mantic spot for a cozy home: trees, shrub-
bery, etc.; soil and climate the best; Gallndo
Tract, East Oakland; streets all graded and
macadamized; city water and sewer; 2 elec-
tric car lines and fine schoolhouse; nice
homes surrounding and building up rapidly;
price $600; a liberal discount for cash. Call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh St.. : corner
Broadway. Oakland. H. Z. JONES Owner.
A BARGAIN— S2OOO/ ~ — — — _— _
Cottage of 7 rooms and bath; Campbell St.,
convenient to station; lot 37:6x115; rent $13
month: owner needs money. - • . -'■■■- \
LAYMANCE REAL -ESTATE COMPANY,
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
30-PAGED Illustrated catalogue free at E. B.
BUNCE'B. 908 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND _ FURNISHED^ HOUSES.
FOR the summer, fully . furnished - house on
Oakland Heights: fine location; rent low.
JAS. S. NAISMITH. 464 Ninth St.
OAKLAND kSOL'SES TO LET.
$25 RENT; water free; handsome two-story,
eight-room house; large lot: shrubbery: flow-
ers; thorough repair; . decorators making
rooms fresh and beautiful; floors washed; lo-
cation. Tenth avenue; wards and Eighth
street cars a block distant: East Oakland.
J. W. COX & CO.. '.'>; Ninth st.
.v . OAKLAND HOTELS. ; '.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno-
vated; under .new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
plan; the table Is a special feature: meals 153
up; special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehler
& Co., Props.. 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ARLINGTON Hotel. Washington and"~NliJtH
sts. ; unquestionable family place; excellent
table; low summer rates. " • :
i FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORNE. 562 Eighth st.
OAKLAND FUR.MTURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE a*- 1 household goods this week.
I SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale — cheap; lot 120x126 and 6-room
modern cottage; high basement, floored; ce-
ment walks; chicken house, garden, etc.: near
station; cost $5000; reduced to $3000 for imme-
diate sale; terms $700 cash, $2300 bank mort-
gage. Apply to OSCAR S. MEYSEL, 1504 Park
Ft., Alameda.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125; clow to
station and High School; street- work,
: sewer, cement walks, etc., complete. :
$1300— Modern cottage and. lot In good location;
any terms; snap.
$2200— T0 close an estate; line modern cottage,
1 5 rooms; lot 60x140; best location; $1500 can
remain. • . - . • . - -.'..' -; . ;•
$3500— Modern' colonial cottage, 6 rooms; corner
lot; good location; very easy terms. .-:.
Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let In all parts of Alameda, . .
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St..
. -.'-'-.-.;.- Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
• JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800. $2200, $2600, $3000.
The. above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished Up to date;
almost new, and located near scnools and sta-
tions.. ■ •
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REM^IEL,
•Bay-st. station, Alameda, and €28 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. - Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. . . .'■'.■•-■■• -■ • ■
ALAJIEBA ROOMS. jj
3 FURNISHED rooms and bath, complete for
housekeeping. 3219 Briggs aye., High-st; stn.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2200— 5-ROOM hous*. 1 block from station; 10l
60x137: constantly rented. $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON, 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
$2.*.«>— FEET frontage, with ; house of ',
rooms; only t> blocks from university grounds
a thorough bargain. ; JOSEPH J. MASON,
Berkeley Station. , ' -■■■' • • -■ ■
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARDING.
BANCROFT, 2247, Berkeley^Sunny, ? well-fur-
nished rooms with board: fine view; live min-
utes to Berkeley station. ■ - ■ ■> i. -
- • ■ MARRIAGE LICENSES. "
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Fred E. Buchan and Luclnda M. Smith 25-24
George H. Trask and Ethel J. Jory 26-2!
Leon Levy and Eugenic Kline .... ..30-28
Frank G. Peterson and Grace Briseno 25-2-1
James McLaughlin and Nellie T0btn......23-1?
C. L. Volquardsen and Fiord Sowerbutts.. 3l-21
Lulgi Coporno and Maria Levagpi..." 32-2 C
John F. Robinson and Annie L. Kennedy.. 3o-41
Patrick Condon and Allleen Duane.... 45-32
I Otis L. Hardy and Elizabeth H. Cumming.24-lS
i A. Vulnovick and Ellen Cernogorcevlch... 3l-45
H. W. Nothig and Elizabeth Hilberbrand.26-19
John P. Neu and Sophy K. C00nan.. ....... 25-25
Elmer M. Van Frank and Lucy Hennlng. 32-24
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. "
Birth", marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be. ; inserted. They must be
handed in at either, of the publication offices
I and be indorsed with the name and residence ol
j persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. .
FLETCHER— In Fnrtiina, May 2T, 1893. to the
wife of J. Fletcher, a daughter.
HOFFSCHNEIDER— June 5, 1898, to the wife
of George Hoffschnelder, a son. • ■
MITCHELL— In this city, June 5, 1898. to the
wife of Frank Mitchell, a daughter. • g
PETERSON— At Porter's Ranch, laqua, May
26, IS3S. to the wife of N. N. Peterson, a
daughter. . ■ •
ROSCOE— Tresh water. May 14, 1898, to the
wife of W. K. Roscoe, a daughter. ■' -
RYAN— In this city, June 4, 1898, to the* wife
of George W. Ryan,- a daughter. \
STAGER- In this, city, June 6, 1898, ■to the
wife of F. Stager, a daughter.
WARD— In Eureka. May 29, 1898, to the wife ol
W. J. Ward, a daughter. . . . , ,
WATSON— In -Millwood, May 31, 1898 to the
wife of Ben F. Watson, a daughter.
, MARRIED. ~ ~™
BORWELL— VAN FLEET —In Sacramento,
June 1, 189R, Edward B. : Borwell . and Minnie
L. Van Fleet. . .  . . .  .
BUCHAN— SMITH— In this city. June 4. 1898
by the Rev. William M. Meserve. Captain
i Fred E. Buchan of Kansas City and Luclnda
: M. Smith of Lawrence, Kans.
FISCHBAKER — WILDHABER — In this city
June 5, ISM, "•'by the Rev. ■J. M. Buehler,
Jacob Fischbaker and Mary Wlldhaber. -
FLAGG — RAY —In Tulare. June '2, 1898 by
Elder H. E. Wilhite, W. B. Flagg and Laura
S. Ray. . , ; . .
JONES— POLARD— In this city, June 4, 1893,
by the Rev. Philip Coombe, Hugh Jones of
San Francisco and Mary Polard of Oakland.
LAUENSTEIN— HILDEBRAND — In Alameda.
June 2, 1S«8, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Rob-
ert Lauensteln and Elise Hlldebrand.
SMITH— ABBHIER— In Yreka, May 25, 1898 W.
B. Smith and May Abshler.
; died.
Abrams, ■ Francis J. , McKenna, Kate ■ JJ * '
_Bryan, William J. Mahon. John
Byrne, Thomas Martin, , Margaret
Busch, - Paul Mathias, Charles
Christie, "Howard L. Nelson, Walter J
Crittenden, Caroline Palmer. Mrs. Sarah
Dllling, John. ■ Purcell, Charles "
English, Mrs." E. C. Roberts, . John
Ferguson, : James E. Sonnenberg, Louis B.
Foley, Mary A. . . Stimson, James
Goff, Louisa C. Thrum, John F.
Grueling. Theodore Vallerga. Delia
. Hall, George Wlckenhauser. E.
Hall. James G. Wilslow. Nicola! P.
' Jagels, Dledrlch ; Wolff, Johann
Larkln, Andrew Wynne, Dennis
ABRAMS— In Lakeview, May IS, 1838, Francis
.Joseph- Abrums, aged 60 years 10 months and
20 days.' ' ■ • ' r . : •
BRYAN— In this city, : June 5, : 1893, 'William
Jennings, youngest and beloved son of An-
drew M. and Sarah J. Bryan; and brother ol
Walter, Arthur and Guru Irene Bryan, ; a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 8 months and 2(
,' days. ■ •'; " '.- ■ -:-r ■--:-■,-, ,- -• -. -- • .■
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the. funeral this daj
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 65 Tehama street, be-
tween First and Second. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ■. . ,
BYRNE— In this city, June 6, IS9S, Thomas
Byrne, " beloved 'father of ■ Rev. Joseph F.
Byrne, Michael J. . and Henry T. > Byrne and
, Mrs. Albert -R. Pfaff. s a native .o£ Aughrim,
\ County 'Gal way/ Ireland, aged 90 year#...->'. .
(CFriends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday)/ at S:3O o'clock, from -his late
residence. 1215 Point Lobos avenue (Richmond
district), tlierwe to Star -of the Sea Church,
Eighth and Point Lobog s avenues, where a
" solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
= : for the repose of his soul, commencing' at 1C
". o'clock. \i Interment , Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BUSCH —In the j City j and County Hospital,
:.; June 8, 1898, Paul : Busch, a . native of Ger-
,;' many, aged 43 years. >( .
CHRISTIE— In Eureka, June 1, 189«, Howard
L. Christie, a native of New Brunswick, aged
46 yenrs 1 month and 12 days.
CRITTENDEN— In Sacramento, June 2, 1898,
Caroline Crittenden, a native of lowa, aged
63 years.
DILLING— In this city, June 4. 1898, John, be-
loved husband of Grace Dilllng. a native of
Cornwall, England, aged 40 years and 1
month. (Phoenix, Ari2., and Philadelphia.
Pa., papers please copy).
EJ"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the New Wisconsin Hotel. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
ENGLISH— In Chicago, Mrs. E. C. A. English,
a native of Maryland, aged G6 years.
FERGUSON— In this city. June 5, 189 S. James
Edward, beloved son of Thomas H. and Kate
Ferguson, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 years.
FOLEY— In this city, June 4, 1808. Mary A.,
beloved wife of Daniel Foley. a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 00 years.
GTFrlendt and nrquaintances are r<*rpw».
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday* at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
.Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOFF —In this city, June 5. 1898, Louisa
C beloved wife of the late Charles P. Goff.
and beloved mother of Mrs. H. L. McKnew.
a native of Sweden, aged 69 years 2 months
and 7 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from' the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. H. L. McKnew. 4137
Nineteenth street, near Castro. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GROELING— In this city, June 6, IS9B, Theo-
dore Oroellng, a native of Trampke, Pom-
eranla, Germany, aged 54 years.
HALL— In Sacramento. June 2. 1888, George
Hall, a native of Kentucky, aged 33 years 2
months and 22 days.
HALL— In Si.=sons. May 25, 1898. Jamee G.
Hall, a native of Virginia, aged 43 years and
29 days.
JAGELS— In this city, June 5. 189 S. Dledrtch
Jagels, a native of Amt Lillienthal, Bremen,
Germany, aged 48 years 9 months and 2 day*.
A member of the Norddeutcher Vereln.
E^Friends and^acqualntar.ces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Shlel's build-
Ing, 82 O'Farrell street, where funeral Berv-
ices will be -held under the auspices of the
Norddeutcher Verein. Remains at the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Ml»sion street,
near Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
LARKIN— In Sacramento, June 3. 189S, An-
drew Larkln, a native of Ireland, aged 60
years.
McKENNA— In this city, June 5, 1898. Kate,
sister of Joseph and John A. McKenna, a na-
alve of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 57 years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 405 Laurel street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church for services. Interment
private. In Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MAHON— In this city, June 6. 1898, John, be-
loved husband of Annie Mahon. and brother
of William Mahon, and uncle of Delia, Pat-
rick and Martin Smith and Mrs. John Kelly,
a native of County Westmeath, Ireland, aged
69 years.
[CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from hla late
residence, 142y» Clara street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city, June 4, 189?, Margaret
Martin, a native of Queenstown, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 78 years.
CJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:80 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister. Mrs. Ann Desmond, 16i5
Alabama street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MATHIAS— In Oakland, June 6. 1898, Charles,
beloved husband of Theresa Mathlas. and
father of Pora and Lottie Mathlas. a na-
tive of Norway, aged 67 years 5 months and
24 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thi6 day
(Tuesday), at 2:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 518 Third street, Oakland. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. San Francisco.
NELSON— In this city, June 6, 189S, Walter J..
beloved son of James and Carrie Nelson, and
brother of Lillian Nelson, a native of Na-
varro, Mendncino County, Cal., aged 13 years
and 8 months.
PALMER— In Sacramento, June 2. IS9B, Mrs.
Sarah Palmer, a native of Maine, aged 79
years 3 months and 7 days.
PURCELL— In Oakland. June 5, 1898, Charles,
beloved husband of Margaret E. Purcell, and
father of Maggie, Willie, John, Fannie, Rob-
ert, Florence, Ruth and Gussie Purcell and
Mrs. A. J. McCourtney and Mrs. Fred Lllien-
thal, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years and
6 months. (Washington, D. C, and New
York papers please copy).
tC7"Frienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 272 Fourth street, thence to the Im-
maeuiate Conception Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Pt. Mary's Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city, June 6. 1898, John,
beloved husband of the late Mary Roberts,
and father of Dan, Patrick and Joseph Rob-
erts, Mxa. Joseph Demartlni and Mrs. P. C.
Morton, a native of Killorglin, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 68 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully (nvlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son-in-law, P. C. Morton. 1130
Bryant street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetiry.
! SOXNENBERG— In this city, June 5, IS9B,
Louis B. Sonnenberg, beloved father of Mrs.
S. Blath. Mrs. A. Neustadt and Lizzie and
Samuel Sonnenberg, a nutive of Hanover,
Germany, aged 79 years and 3 months. A
member of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O.
F., and Moden Lodge. I. O. B. B.
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from I. O. O. I«\
Kali, corner of Seventh and Market streets.
Please omit flowers. Interment I. O. O. F.
Ceaietejry.
STTMSON— In the City and County Hospital.
June :>. IS9S. James Stimson, a native of Wis-
consin, aged 42 years.
THRUM— In this city, June 6. 1898, John F.,
beloved husband of Mary Thrum, father of
Horace G. Thrum, brother of Mrs. D. Day-
ton and Mrs. Charles Wllllngton, and
brother-in-law of Captain J. A. Hamilton, a
native of Australia, aged 57 years 7 months
and 12 days.
VALLEUGA— In this city, June 4, 1808. Delia,
beloved daughter of Domenlc and Antonett
Vallerga, sister of Mamie, Nlska and Bert
Vallerga, and grandchild of Madalena Val-
lerga and Maria Frepulia. a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years and 11 days.
H^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. I<V> Gilbert street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Hrannan and Townsend. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WKKENHAUSER— In this city, June 4. 1898,
Fihvard, beloved husband of Kate Wtcken-
hauser, father of May and Edward Wicken-
hauser, son of Mrs. S. and the late F. WicK-
enhauser, and brother of Mrs. H. Miller of.
New York, Mrs. Kate Hagan and Fred and
Josephine Wu-kenhauser, a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years 7 months and 19
days. (New York and Buffalo, N. V., pa-
pers please copy.)
EC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother. 3 Chatham place, off
Bush street, between Grant avenue and
Stockton, thence to Native Sons' Hall, where
services will be held at ! o'clock. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
N. S: G. W.— The members of National Parlor
No. 118, N. S. G. W.. are hereby notified to
assemble at Portola Hall, N. S. G. W. build-
Ing, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock,
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
Edward Wlckenbauser.
WILLIAM G. BARR, President.
W. V. DOUGHTY. Secretary.
WILSLOW— In this city, June 5, 1898, Nlcolal
Peterson, dearly beloved husband of Marie
Bothllda Wilplow, and father of Mrs. C.
Hangaard, Mrs. R. Rudebeck. Thomas Wil-
slow. Mrs. H. Dall and Nicolnl S. and Kelene
Wllslow, a native of Schleswlg, aged G6
years 3 months and 13 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thl» day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, llf>3B Folsom street, near Seventh.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WOLFF— In the City and County Hospital,
Jnne 6, IS9S. Johann Wolff, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 3S years.
WYNNE— In this city, June 4, 1898. Dennis, be-
loved husband of the late Bridget Wynne,
father of Henry J., John C. and Frank A.
Wyr.no. Mr*. C. F. Robinson. Mrs. A. F. Long,
Mrs W. W. Byrne and Mrs. A. Griffith, and
brother of P. Wynne, a native of County
SliKO. Ireland.
(t;?"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son-in-law, C. F. Robinson. 1.">39
1 Mission street, thenoe to St. Joseph's Church.
! where a requiem high msiss will be celebrated
I for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
' o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
j ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
clatlon— The regular monthly requiem high
} mass for the deceased members of the above
association, arid for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members will be celebrated
in St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Stelner
streets, tO-nUMTOW (Wednesday), at 9 o clock.
Frlonds are invited to attend.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FDNERAL DIRECTORS & EAIBALMEH3 I
id ill'TH ST., Opp. Lincoln Soaetl.
Telephone, South 80. f
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMKR3L
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ktss aye.. near Market ■* B*a
Francisco. Telephone So. 15*
1112
DOGMATISM AGAINST TRUTH
DR. ERNEST S. PILLSBURY Can No Longer Be a Member
of the Cooper Medical Faculty.
DR. ERNEST S, PILLSBURY, Who Was Forced to Leave Cooper Med
ical College.
In this late nineteenth century— supposed to be synonymous with progress,
enlightenment and mental advancement — now and then there ekes out of the new
strata the elements of the old narrowness of mind and all that which helped
to check the growth of truth.
<>n Sunday la-«t The Call printed a full page story on a new discovery in
bacteriology. Dr. Ernest S. Pillsbury, instructor in bacteriology at the Cooper
Me.lical College, by the utmost labor and painstaking study finally discovered
the alkaloid of the bacilli tuberculosis. This in itself, in the science of bacteri
ology, is the most important of all late advancements made in this subject. Yes
terday Dr. Pillsbury was asked to take his name off the role of the Cooper
Medical College faculty by Dr. Lane, the president of the institution.
X" Mther cause for the demand of his resignation can be conceived of by Dr.
Pillsbury than the publication of the article in The Call on Sunday last. The
Cooper Medical College has clung tenaciously to the oxytuberculine remedy of
Dr. Hirsehf elder, and no support was ever lacking for the promulgation of his
doctrines. Now comes a contrary theory, and one which Dr. Pillsbury claims
has the better authority and reason to stand on. It is the antidote theory op
: to the germicide theory. In the past the bacilli tuberculosis filled the minds
of all the students of consumption and its effects to the exclusion of all investl
gation concerning the peculiar poison that the bacilli produced. According to Dr.
Piilsbury he has isolated the alkaloid, one of the poisonous elements that the
bacilli tuberculosis create. All remedies for the dread consumption must seek
'interact this poison. Then may an effective cure for consumption be at
tained.
The Cooper Medical College stands for the germicide theory. Dr. Pillsbury
represents the antidote theory and a demand for his resignation is the conse
quence. Some think the Cooper Medical College is bound up so tightly in the
fetters of oxytuberculine that it must stand on this platform if the earth fall.
TO DON BLACK PAINT
IN CHARITY'S CAUSE
YOUNG LADIES WILL REPEAT A
CLEVER ENTERTAINMENT.
A Programme of Good Things Ar
ranged in Aid of St. Patrick's
Grand Bazaar.
Encouraged at their success and ac
ceding to the urgent demands of many
hundred friends, the young ladies who
took part in the minstrel entertainment
held on April 26 lor the benefit ■of St.
Patrick's grand bazaar have again
agreed to display their talents in black
lace comedy, with its accompanying cake
walk and colored songs, to-night in Na
tive Bona' Hall.
In their initial engagement the hall was
bo crowded and the numbers so excellent
that a repetition of the performance was
urgently demanded. The young ladles
who made their debut were reluctant to
make a socond appearance, but the re
qupstH were urgent and the chance to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AWFUL SKKEASE
Suffered Untold Agony Two Years.
Itching and Burning Terrible.
Had to Give up Work Entirely.
Instant Relief in First Application
OF CUTICURA REMEDIES.
At Work, Fully Cured in 2 Months.
I was afflicted with a terrible malignant break-
ing out oil over the upp<>r part of my body. I
was treated by some of the very best physicians,
who proDounced it contagious blood poison,
through whom I spent hundreds of dollars trying
to get relief, Imfit seemed to get worse. All the
time I was suffering untold agony, and finally
had to give up work entirely. I grasped at every.
thing I saw advertised, and listened to every sug-
gestion from friends, but nothing seemed to reach
my ease. The burning, itching nx I was in seemed
to be aggravated by every effort to relieve myself ;
bat, think (rod, relief came to meat last. Gi'Ti-
mp.a RKiiEDiKS were suggested to me, and I
immediately procured the C't'TicußA (olutmetit).
Cr^Tictnu Soap, and Cutictba Resolvent.
Protu the first, I experienced a soothing relief,
notwithstanding my intense pain. The warm
tiath, with OOTtcUKA Soap, the anointing with
Cltictra, and the dose of Cuticura Resol-
vent, seomed to start the good work from the
first. I improved right along, and in lett than
two monf/u: /was able to be up and at work,
and continued to improve daily till at last I teat
fijirriy curxMf, sound and well, ndt a sign on my
1,,'1y 11 vi/tcher' indicating that anything had ever
ixM'n Jhe matter with me. It is dow over two
years since I have been entirely cured, and not a
sign or a symptom has ever returned. I will
gladly answer any and all letters with reference
to my case. M. B. BASTIEN,
156 W. Hunter St., Atlanta, O».
Witness : J. G. Abekm.
Gboboia, Ftltok Cottxtt.
In person appeared before me. Edgar H. Orr,
a Jtwtlcs of tfie Peace in and for iron District,
O. M., fitato nnd Ounty storesald. J. y. Ahem,
who bring duly sworn, dtspositb and saltb that
llio statements made in the above testimonial »r«
true. J. G. AHERN.
Sworn to snd subscribed before me this Oct
38th. 1891 ErxiA.it H. Onit. J. V
BoU throughout the world. Pnrr«i D»ro axd Ciik,
utilize their talents in the cause of charity
so propitious that they consented.
Profiting by the esDerience gained in
their first performance, they have added
further and better turns which will sure
ly please the audience. New jokes, new
songs and in fact everything up to date
has been culled to make the entertain
ment a memorable one.
The fact that Tommy Eggert Is manag
ing the affair is enough to vouch for its
excellence. He has drilled his clever
troupe until it has reached perfection, and
he vouches for the performance going off
smoothly.
Miss Aggie Hoyne will again act as in
terlocutor, while Jessie Finnic, Klttie
Sardie, Kittle McShane and Tessie Smith
will handle the "bones." Mamie Wells,
Jeannetta Finnic. Mamie Sheehan and
Nellie Oaks are scheduled to play the
tambos. Besides the foregoing aggrega
tion, the following soloists will add
strength and melody to the troupe- The
Misses Etta and Belle O'Brien, Miss Etta
Welsh, Mrs. M. Brennan, M. P. "Westbaus
Jack Cathcart, B. F. Hanlon, Master
Doherty, Miss Cora Fiske. William J
O Brien and Company A, League of the
Cross Cadets Glee Cl,ub, Dave Finnic P
Dunworth, George Ryan and Ben Tarbox
The entertainment is under the auspices
of the Golden West booth. Music will be
furnished by the Lurllne orchestra of
fourteen pieces and Miss Mary Giorgianna
m £ /'f, Pla i ll l t - The minstrel show
will be followed by a social. Ouite a
number of tickets have been disposed of
U dd V erythln * Points to a large crowd
A PATRIOTIC TEAMSTER.
Frank McCarthy Thrashed Two Jap
: anese for Belittling Our Navy.
1 Frank McCarthy, a teamster, and K. H
Nakamura and ;K. Tal Zooaa, , two Jap
an^se. appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday ■to answer : a charge of disturbing
the = peace % on th«: water front Sunday
night.- ;■ ;,-■_ ' . . J
;; It cam© out in evidence that the three
were on the boat from El Campo and the
Japanese - were ; boasting of the superior
ity of their navy over the American navy
McCarthy, kept his J temper till | they got
oft the j boat,', and ■ then ;he ' sailed Into : the
Japanese. ; ■ An > immense crowd gathered
and cheered the . patriotio | teamster, who
would have seriously injured : his . oppo
nents if the police had not arrived
A charge of battery had also been pre
ferred against McCarthy, but the Japan
eß.Ve^Sed to Prosecute^and shook hands
with .the -man who thrashed 1 them The
Judge dismissed all the cases "
The Clarkson Trial.
; At the trial of William Clarkson ac- I
cused of having embezzled gold . from the
Mint. E. D. ; Carter and Martin Eggers
were the principal witnesses for the Gov- i
eminent in the United ■ States District :
.Court yesterday. •■ . ,-,-■'-■
C £ rteI V who lB a blacksmith at 310
Golden, Gate. avenue, told how last No
vember and several • times after that date
Clarkson came to him with small quantities
of gold bullion, which he had given him to
melt in a crucible in his forge and after"
ward I sell \to the ■ Selby Smelting Works !
Eggers. is a grocer, at the corner of Eddy !
££m H d « streets hHe sold | some . of . the
gold, at Clarkson request," and received
no compensation therefor. Clarkson ■ was ;
a ood ,:. CUBtO m . er of ' his - and h * : did it to
oblige him.- The case will go on to-day '
Dr. W. F. McNutt Attiched.
Dr. W. F. McXutfs property at 1220
Butter street was attached by Mrs. Anna
E. Johnson yesterday morning on a claim
slightly above $8000. The claim is based
on thr^e promissory notes said to have
been made last year in favor of J c
Johnson, deceased, husband of the plain-
Libel Against the China.
G. Aanunsen, owner of the schooner Fear
less, yesterday filed in the clerk's office of
the United i States ; District > Court - a ! libel
against the steamer; Chin a; for $350 : dam
ages alleged to have been sustained la a
Collision wlUi U\e fWna,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 7, 1898.
THEATERS
AND HOPS
TABOOED
Ministers Frown on
Too Much Gayety.
EVIL LURKS IN THE DRAMA.
YOUNG GIRLS SHOULD BE CHAP
ERONED TO CAMP.
Interesting and Instructive Meetings
Held by Various Denomina
tional Pastors in This City
Yesterday.
Dr. J. W. Phelps of the California Street
Methodist Episcopal Church created some
warm discussion at the regular weekly
meeting of the Methodist ministers yester
day by reading a cleverly written paper
on "Amusements." His brother ministers
were astounded at the trend of the paper,
and were open in their expression of dis
approval, until he explained that the
i thoughts he had read were those of a
I friend, which he had put together with a
| view to ascertaining the views of his fel
low ministers on the subject.
The reader declined to give the paper
for publication, but in substance it was
as follows: "An amusement should not
be considered an evil because it amuses.
The mere fact that it is entertaining does
not make it wrong, and to prove this we
I must remember that the first year of life
i is given over to amusements."
| Dr. John Coyle said he was opposed to
j theaters owing to their surroundings.
j That if Hamlet could be placed on the
I stage with moral accompaniments, the
i public would be benefited. He then told
; how Booth tried to elevate the stage, and
; of his failure owing to the "Black Crook"
j being put on to big houses at the time
he was appearing in legitimate plays.
The question was asked how long a
I minister who went to theaters would be
| retained in his pulpit, and the answer was
quickly made "as long as Burrows had
been." The speaker telt • some compas
. sion for Burrows, as he was insane. He
I denounced dancing in parlors, as it led
I to dancing on the outside, also card play
ing, as one familiar with the pastime
might be tempted to take a hand in a
; game while traveling.
Dr. Robt. Bentley was opposed to dances,
as he said they are generally held on Sat
! urday night, and are kept up until far
! into 'he Sabbath. He deplored the prac*
, tice of Christian parents taking their chil
; dren to baseball games and bicycling
races on Sunday and he denounced danc
ing again as a danger to the church.
Dr. Matthews said: "While the individ
ual conscience is supreme, it must be re
garded by the best and wisest, that the
church is against such amusements and
diversions 1 believe it is reported or
hinted at at v a large proportion of the
Christians of this city and vicinity patron
ize the , dance, and that it eats out the
; spiritual life of the church It is time
that the Christian .pulpits should be
aroused against the evils." Dr. Matthews
considered the country dance a curse and
frSf lX Xrch 0 tUr " >' eP<>°Pleaway
thSterp^p^to^t ET/SSl.^to
give $1000 to the brother who read the
paper and that dance halls should have
a million copies struck off and circulated
: as it excellently served their cause.
Mrs. Captain Sarah Fry of the Salvation
Army addressed the Methodist ministers
on the demoralizing effect of the camp life
■ here on the ( young girls, and suggested
that something be done immediately to
; remedy the evil. The following committee
was appointed to look into the matter-
Dr. E. R. Dille (chairman). Dr. F. D
Bovard, Dr. Hammond, Dr. C. E. Locke
and Dr. J. A. B. Wilson.
H. J. Waters of Oakland read a paper
before the Baptists on "Systematic Giv
ing." and Rev. E. A. Woods, D.D., who
went from here as a delegate to the an
nual Baptist convention held in Rochester, \
reported that the next convention would j
be held in this city next May. Among the |
societies represented will be the Baptist !
Missionary Union, Home Missionary
Society, Publication Society, Educational
Society and the Woman's. Baptist Home j
Missionary Society.
The Presbyterian ministers resolved |
themselves into a devotional meeting, and
prayers for the nation were offered.
Miss Mindoj v Berry and Mrs. Captain
Fry addresseaithe Congregational minis
ters during their session. Mrs. Berry
spoke on behalf of the Christian Endeav
orers, and asked that the aid and influ
ence of her listeners might be brought to
bear upon the volunteers in camp. She
said many of the boys in blue now en- |
camped at Richmond are members of the j
society.
• Mrs. Fry notified the ministers that the j
Salvation Army had erected a tent in the
Pennsylvania division, and asked their aid
in carrying on meetings nightly.
Rev. W. H. Atkinson read a paper on j
"Congregational Church Benevolences,"
and Mrs. A. J. Jordan spoke on the or
ganization of a mothers' association to
chaperone young girl members of the j
Christian Endeavor Society to the camp.
Mrs. Wright, president of the Mothers
Club, also spoke, and their remarks
brought forth quite a discussion.
HALF A BATTLE WON
BY UNION MEN
JOY REIGNS IN THE CAMP OF
THE MARBLE-CUTTERS.
A Contract for Interior Marble Work
on the Wells-Fargo Building
Will Stay Here.
In their fight for the preservation of
home industry, the members of the Mar
ble Cutters' Union have half won an
other victory-
The contract for the Interior marble
work in the new Wells-Fargo building
was let to a firm in the Bast employing
convict labor, while local mechanics were
walking the streets in search of an odd
day's work. This union has won fights
on many of the large buildings construct
ed within the past year, and unhesitat
ingly took the matter of the Wells-Fargo
contract in hand.
The union at first was unable to do
anything; the contracts had been let, and
that seemed to be the end of It. but a
joint committee from the union and the
Kulldlng Trades Council started in at
once to see what could be done toward
remedying the evil.
At last night's meeting of the union it
was reported that the contract for the
Soon .'md wainscoting had been taken
fn,m the Eastern firm and let to a local
one. The news was all the more welcome
as the local firm in question en.ioys the
reputation of employing none but union
workmen, and pays the highest wages on
the coast.
It is not considered a very difficult mat
ter to keep a contract within the State,
but after it has once been let, there is
practically but one chance in a thousand
of having it annulled and given to local
workmen, so the victory is considered a
great one. although it is but for a por
tion of the work.
Convicted of Assault.
Etta Vandenburg was convicted of as
sault in Judge Cook's court yesterday,
and was sentenced to three months in
the County Jail.
, ■■ ■ ♦ ■ ■
In . the Divorce Courts.
i James; J. Webster web granted 'a; di
vorce from Emma Webßter by Judge Bel
cher yesterday . on the ; ground of willful
1 desertion*.
BLOODLESS
DUEL ON
POST STREET
Four Shots Exchanged
at Short Range.
A WOMAN IN THE CASE.
J. J. SEHL OF SEATTLE AS THE
AVENGING HUSBAND.
Charles Hammersmith Charged With
Being the Destroyer of
a Once Happy
Home.
A bloodless duel wao fought in the
lodging house at 242 Post street yesterday
between John Joseph Sehl, the husband
of the landlady, and Charles Hammer
smith, a brother of the senior member of
the firm of Hammersmith & Field, the
jewelers.
Sehl is a furniture dealer in Seattle and
Vancouver, and he and his wife have been
living apart for about a year. He has
been jealous of Hammersmith's atten
tions to his wife, and while Hammersmith
was in the house yesterday shortly after
the noon hour waiting for R. H. Winston,
real estate agent, to negotiate for Mra.
Sehl the sale of the house, Sehl made his
appearance. He first went into his wife's
bedroom, she being confined to her bed,
and asked her where he could find Ham
mersmith. She did not reply, and Sehl,
on leaving her room, saw Hammersmith
standing at the bay-window of the front
room.
Sehl pulled a revolver out of his pocket
and some one yelled "Look out, Charley."
Just then Sehl fired, the bullet missing
Hammersmith and lodging in the frame
work of the window. Hammersmith
promptly fired a shot at Sehl, and four
shots were altogether exchanged, none
taking effect. Sehl then turned and left
the house and Hammersmith slipped out
of the rear door.
The report first reached police head
quarters that a man had committed sui
cide at 240 Post street, and Detectives
Egan and T. B. Gibson were detailed on
the case. Sergeant Harper had mean
time learned the facts of the shooting
and saw Mrs. Sehl. When Egan and Gib
son arrived they found Sehl, who had re
turned to surrender himself. He was
taken to the City Prison and locked up in
the tanks. The detectives went in search
of Hammersmith and found him about 4
o'clock. Both were charged at the prison
with assault with a deadly weapon.
Sehl positively refused to talk, but to
the detectives he blamed Hammersmith
for breaking up his home and with being
on too intimate terms with his wife. He
said he arrived from Seattle yesterday
morning, but his wife said he had been
hanging around the house since Saturday.
When searched at the prison he had $210
in cash, a gold watch and chain, diamond
ring and a bank draft for $1750 on him.
Hammersmith said he simply acted in
self-defense. He had known Mrs. Sehl
for some time, and it was through him
she bought the Post street house. He
was in the house yesterday to help her in
negotiating the sale of the house when
Sehl fired at him. He denied that Sehl
had any cause for jealousy so far as he
or anyone else was concerned.
It was reported that Sehl had employed
a private detective to watch his wife and
the detective hired a room in the house.
It was the detective's report that brought
Sehl to the city.
Mrs. Sehl was . very reticent, and
claimed to know nothing whatever of the
cause of the shooting. "I have been con
fined to my bed for the past week with
neuralgia of the heart and nervous pros
tration," she said. "My husband has
been up north for a year, conducting a
business in Vancouver, which, I believe,
has been prosperous. I have been trying
to dispose of my lease on this house
through R. H. Winston, a real estate
agent, and Mr. Hammersmith has been
acting for me. He had an appointment
to meet Winston and the lady who thinks
of buying out the place this morning. J
While Hammersmith was waiting in the
parlor my husband came in and com- '
menced firing at him. Hammersmith in
turn drew a revolver and exchanged
shots with my husband. I heard the
noise and ran out into the hall to stop
the fracas, and as I did so the police
rushed upstairs. So far as I know there
was no quarreling between the men. and
1 don't know why my husband tried to >
kill Mr. Hammersmith, who has simply
been an acquaintance of mine. He only
came back from Vancouver Saturday, but
I suppose that some malicious person has
been telling him stories."
Winston Knows very little about the
case, he having arrived just after the
shooting was over. He corroborates Mrs.
Behl's story that Hammersmith was her
agent in the negotiations for the sale of j
the property. lie says, however, that
Sehl accuses Hammersmith of having ,
broken up his home.
Both men were released last night,
Schel on cash hail and Hammersmith on
bonds accepted by Judge Low.
IDAHO VOLUNTEERS HONORED.
Captain Handley, Past Commander of
the Local Camp, Sons of Vet
erans, Entertains.
The friends and acquaintances of Cap
tain F. R. Handley, the popular past
commander of the local camp of Sons of
Veterans, were treated to a delightful
social evening In honor of the "boys in
blue" of Company A, First Idaho Volun
teers, on last Saturday, June 4.
The spacious parlors of the Handley
mansion were thrown open to the "boys,"
and songs, games and merry-making were
in order for the evening.
Mrs. F. R. Handley assumed the respon
sibility of catering to the "inner man,"
and the "boys" failed not in their ap
preciation of her elaborate collation of
"home-made" dainties.
Among those present were: Members
of Company A, First Idaho Volunteers,
Captain and Mrs. C. J. Handley. Mr. and
Mrs. F. R. Handley, Misses Alice G. and
Charlotte Towle, Victor L. Duhem, Miss
G. M. Haven, O. F. Paulson, Miss Myrtle
Nace, James W. Edmunds, Miss Edna M.
Ellis, Sidney E. Field, Miss Dorothy
Brake, Josse H. Jackson. Misses Josie
and Jennie Lemon, M.' E. Bruner, Julia
R. Ellis and F. J. Perk.
An Important Witness.
George F. Plyler \of : Santa Cruz . was
convicted' of mayhem. There were others
accused of the same offense. Isaac Cross
ley, also known as Charles 'Harris; was
the victim. The case \ attracted consider
able attention because several were impli
cated in; the plan to injure Harris, ;. even
Plylor's wife being named "as one. She
was jto ; have been ian { important witness,'
but | escaped owing : to illness. The de
fense required her; testimony, and theac
cussed was convicted,-: the court having
refused \to grant •a v continuance . in order
to allow the woman time to recover. For
this reason the judgment and order of , the
lower court was reversed by the Supreme
Court 'yesterday. -, ■
Caught in the Act.
A. F. Perry was arrested yesterday
morning by Policeman Butterworth while
slaughtering a cow in a barn on the San
Jose road. He was charged with slaugh
tering cattle within the city limits. Na
than Levy, the owner of the place, was
also arrested for establishing and main
taining a slaughter house within the city
limits. Butterworth was on watch for
seven hours waiting for developments.
The Tue Tiger Libeled.
L. Foard has filed a libel against the
steam tug Tiger for $2031. alleged to be
due various persons for wages and sup
plies.
Ladles' tailor-made . suits: latest designs; we
lv« cr«AU. M- .Bnthsnhlld 2H BuUjuc 1.14 L
THE CALL CAME AS HE WISHED.
Sudden Death of John F. Thrum, the Founder of "Music and Drama."
Genial John F. Thrum, founder of the "San Francisco Music and Drama,"
beloved of the Thespians, is dead.
His end was as he had wished and expected — suddenly as by a lightning
stroke, without the protracted agony of the bedridden, or the torture of the
tears of the loving and the excruciating pangs of the last parting. Charles
Turnbould of 829 Greenwich street found at half-past 4 o'clock yesterday
morning the dead body of a man lying on the sidewalk on the corner of Taylor
street and Broadway. He notified Policemen Stanton and Long, who had the
body conveyed to the Morgue, in which building is also the office of the paper
with which Thrum was connected. As the deceased had been suffering for years
from heart disease, there was no doubt that his death was from natural causes,
and the Morgue officials allowed the remains to be removed to the undertaking
establishment of Porter & White.
Mr. Thrum was a thorough Bohemian, and was beloved by everyone with
whom he came in contact. His was that genial nature which was slow to see
the faults of his friends and as quick to discover their merits. His criticisms,
while just, were never harsh, and he never forgot that it is human to err, and
that it is better to say a kind word here and there where blame Is deserved
than to be too censorious, for of all men he thoroughly understood the difficul
ties which beset the path of the actor.
Mr. Thrum was born in Australia fifty-eight years ago, and early displayed
a taste for a life on the deep rolling sea. So he went upon the heaving brine
and braved the icy terrors of the Arctic, hunting the whale. He sailed from
Australia, New Bedford. Honolulu and San Francisco on these voyages, and
when the solitude and the somberness of the sea palled upon him he learned
the printer's trade, he having conceived an exaggerated idea of the value of
education. All old printers remember his early days here, when he worked as a
compositor on the old Alta California in this city.
Sixteen years ago he discovered a phase of the long-felt want and founded
the San Francisco Music and Drama, He sold out last February to Harry-
Gates, the present proprietor of that successful publication, but consented to
help it along as its business manager, a post which he filled to the satisfaction
of all concerned.
The deceased leaves a widow and one son, Horace G. Thrum, a well-known
comedian, at present with the Dixie company at Manhattan Beach. Mrs. Cap
tain Hamilton of Campbells, Santa Clara County, is a sister of the deceased.
THERE WILL
BE MANY
VACANCIES
Trouble Ahead for the
Reformers.
DEMOCRATS IN A TANGLE
CALL FOR A MEETING OF THE
NEW COMMITTEE.
Harneyites Say Their Rights Have
Been Trampled Upon and That
They Will Appeal to
the Courts.
Twenty-five members of the new Demo
cratic City and Cour L y Committee have
signed a call for a meeting of the com
mittee to be held in Native Sons' Hall
next Friday evening, a course made
necessary by the developments of the
past week, which threaten to wreck the
hand-made governing body of the local
Democracy.
When Messrs. Gould, McNab and Al
ford were scouring the city in search of
untarnished material for the committee,
they neglected in many instances to se
cure the consent of the owners of many
of the names that were presented to the
State Central Committee for confirma
tion. The result -as been that some of
the gentlemen who have been herded into
the reform nock without their knowledge
or consent have declared their unwilling
ness to serve in the harness that has been
prepared for them. This fact taken in
connection with the following section of
the rules made and provided in advance
for the government of the new committee
is what has led to the hurried call for the
meeting next Friday night:
Section 12— Any vacancy occurrimj in the
membership of the Democratic City and County
Committee shall be filled by such committee,
subject to confirmation by the Democratic
State Committee. .
As the State Central Committee will
meet next Saturday, it was deemed ad
visable for the local commute to fill the
numerous vacancies before that date in
order that they may be confirmed at once.
Otherwise it would be necessary to wait
until the next meeting of the State Com
mittee, a proceeding especially hazardous
at the present moment when the Harney
ltes and others are in open reoeliion
against the rule of the back-country re
formers.
There is some speculation as to where
the men who are particularly interested
in the work that is to be done by the
aristocratic City and County Committee
are going to look for material with which
to fill the gaps caused by the resignation
of reluctant members. Having exhausted
the stock of available aristocrats and so
called political high joints, recourse will
necessarily be hart to the "push. " While
it is not contended that there will be any
lack of members of the latter fraternity
who are ready, even anxious, to take
orders from the trio of new-found bosses,
there is a very grave doubt In the minds
of some as to how these unwashed com
mitteemen will be received by Mayor
Phelan. The Mayor, according to popular
report, has but recently declared his de
termination to shake the dust of the dis
trict south of Market street from his feet
at once and forever, and to confine his
future political exertions to the other
side of town, where worklngmen are the
exception ana not the rule. Tf this be so,
It may be possible that he will set the
seal of his disapproval on the plan to in
iect members of the "Duah" into the ex
clusive circles of the new governing body
of the local Democracy. This is but one
of the uncertainties that are confronting
the committee's sponsors, and it is held
as an added reason why a meeting should
be called before Saturday in order to al
low the State Central Committee an op
portunity to straighten out any tangle
that muy be beyond the strength of local
minds.
A member of the new City and County
Committee said yesterday that he had no
doubt, judging by past events, of the
ability of the State committee to solve
any question brought before it.
"Just give those country members half
a show," he concluded, "and they will
come here from Siskiyou and San Diego
and cast our votes for us. It is no trou
ble fur them, and they rather like it."
The ostensible purpose of Friday night's
meeting is to perfect permanent organiza
tion and to discuss in a general way the
manner in which the coming campaign is
to be conducted. John P. Dunn will
probably be elected chairman, and
Thomas Walsh, one of Mayor Phelan's
henchmen, wi.. be given the post of sec
retary.
While the reformers are preparing to
carry out their programme, the deposed
Harneyites are not idle. They believe
that under the law they are entitled to
continue in the administration of the af
fairs of the local Democracy, and that
the State Central Committee has not the
power to interfere with them. Some of
the brightest legal lights in the city have
been consulted as to the construction of
the low, and their verdict is such that an
early appeal to the courts has been de
cided on. The course of the proposed
legal proceedings has not yet been defi
nitely determined, but will probably take
the form of a restraining order or writ
of prohibition against the new City and
County Committee directing it to take
no action affecting the organization of
the Democratic party of San Francisco
until the merits of the present contention
have been passed upon by the courts.
Some objection to this course is being
urgtel by the friends of the two retiring
Associated Justices of the Supreme Court.
As both are candidates for re-election it
is pointed out that it would be embar
rassing to them to be compelled to pass
upon a question that has to do with the
standing of any faction of any political
party. It is not likely, however, that this
objection will have much weight with
those who contend that their rights have
been trampled upon. They pretend to say
that with them it is not a question of
politics but of principle, and that the
mind of a Judge of the Supreme Court
should be beyond and above such influ
ence as the promotion of personal politi
cal ambition.
OFF FOB, THE MESA.
Scientists Start on an Archaeological
Expedition.
Yesterday afternoon a party of scien
tists left this city for Flagstaff, Arizona.
This will be the base of supplies, and
trips will thence be taken into the sur
rounding country for archaeological Inves
tigation.
David Starr Jordan of Stanford will lead
the party. With him will go Mrs. Jor
dan. Milnor Roberts. J. C. Branner and
Emory E. Smith, all of Stanford. Charles
F. Lummis, T. H. Hittel, Dr. Clarke X,
Goddarci. wife and son, F. W. Stephenson
™ mes x£/ SS T U--YdU --Y d , f \ m ' Miss Mar y Alexander!
Miss Ella Kirkham. W. O. Wright Dr
F. K. Ledyard, E. M. Ehrhorn and ' Miss
Florence B. Gordan.
The party line of investigation will fol
low the Santa Fe subdivisions into the
Grand Canyon of the Colorado. The
"Enchanted Mesa," of which so much
sensational matter has been written of
late, will also be visited, and close in
vestigations made by the more scientific
of the party. This, with a visit to the
petrified forest, will complete the trip.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Helena McCarthy has sued "William
McCarthy for a divorce, alleging that her
husband has been convicted of a felony.
Clara A. Pflte has applied for a divorce
from John G. Pfite on the ground of de
sertion.
CASTOR I A
r For Infants and Children.
Tht fee- /9
ilmila SlfS —————— i tn
; «lga«tur» fJ* ->ZW^/- i irerr j
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
and PURCHASERS 1 GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
In Corresponding With Any of th« Following
-?.*-■- Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cuttlnst
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.. Importers of High-Class 7ur-
■»• niturv French Cabinets, Marble Statuary, Etc, 117
1 Batter street.
! ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
i MFN7ft SPRINfi Proprietor. Send for m«a»-
BlLl\L\J jmil^Uure blanks. U. S. Commis-
; sion,- 9 Geary St.. S. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
FIN¥ & HINM FP Bank Offlce and Market
riHR a JWIIInULCII, Fittings. ISO 9 Market
st. Telephone South 267.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock 1711 I ID c. f A 11 Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. IVILL II UL Vll- San Francisco,
BELTING.
LP TIFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and
I .*• UCUEfI, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
i sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
1 Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BOILER MAKERS.
9% ■ff W. J. Brady's Patent
if fi DETACHABLE
£??- . ,j=g MUD DRUM
SgCßHb^^^l for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
. 342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JTJ TLTnrKnPVDP Bookbinder and Printer,
Ji D, IuIIIUInJD. 422 Commercial street.
CAMPING AND OUTINO GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUGH,GOLCHER&CO.
538 Market Street.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE. •
COPPERSMITH.
» Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs M H fiRFR &f ft EQUIPOISE WAISTS.
flirS.lll.n.UDCK a UJ. 34 Geary st.,Tel. Bed 1401
DRAY AGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872. I
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. , s s oTs n t s d . a T e d L S^i c n n 4
FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO. only maker*
on the coast. 219 Front st. ; tel. Front 38.
. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
FAS RftYFS £ ffl Shipping Butchers, lot
JAJ- DUIEd (X ivUi, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
V'lTlflVlT Flour Mills. J. Martenstein & Co.
nAIIUnAL S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific its.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters B Dealers
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
| J
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO &1& 1
Retail Manufacturers of all kinds of Harness)
and Dealers in Buggies, Carts, etc. If you
want bargains call or write.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter St.,
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons in bottle*
and cases. L. G. Sreeovich Co., 521 Sansome at.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP and PAPER CO.,
VYILLAmLI IE 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
REAL ESTATE. -
; i V G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. V /
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nniICCTIP" Pre-eminently the maehln* for
UUmUOIIU family use. 1321 Market (treat,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
GDI [If V*f ft ' m California street.
• 111 LUVI U VUi, room 37. Tel. Main 1«L ■
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRrDftF, SO6 CaU *
Codes. X Alii niDKjrj, f ornla St.
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms ' ru 1 C DI ICC Claus Spreckel*
407, 408, 409, 410 vllA DLI JJ- Bldg.. 4th Floor.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry .
House, 508 Clay st.
typewriters:
||||. ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
! SSS^rtl Few partly used for sale cheap.
; jjflgWJLj Send for samples and prices.
*§fis|i^ L. * M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc. ; repairing done in
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear St.; tel. Main 295. V
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office, 210 California St. Tel. Main 1914.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
GO to T. M. FERGUSON, 733 Market st.
Wholesale and retail Special 15-year-old
Hermitage. Near- Claus Spreckels ■ building.
TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE
—OF— .
Genuine "DTTr^CI
ORIENTAL JlvUlj!^
BY AUCTION
ON
TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
June 7th and Sth, at 2P. M., at '•';■'.
106-108 GRANT AVENUE.
, time Is forced -to x sell his Rare Rugs .at any ■
sacrifice before departing for the East. *
1 . --;-•: - -•■.; H. H. REED, Auctioned