VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 36.
LINARES MAY APPLY THE
TORCH TO THE DOOMED CITY
THREATENS
TO DESTROY
SANTIAGO
Says He Prefers to Burn
the City Rather Than
Surrender.
Refugees Declare the Span
ish Soldiers Are Dis
heartened and Ready
to Give Up.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 5.
General Linares, in command of
the Spanish forces in Santiago.
will not surrender to General
Sliafter, according to statements
made by refugees who arrived
here from Santiago to-day.
"] shall burn the city to the
ground first," they quote General
Linares as having declared.
Since the effects of the fierce Ameri
can attack bec;.me known in the city
the residents and nearly all the soldiers
have lieon strongly in favor of surren
dering before the Americans can be
gin a bombardment.
Blxty-three refugees were brought
from Santiago on the British men-of
war Alert and Pallas, and seventy
Others on the Austrian warship Maria
Teresa. The » • :if> fat the wharf vhen
the refugees wcro landing was graphic,
many persons having gathered to learn
trK' latost news from the beleaguered
city.
When the refugees left Santiago the
American troops were within 300 yards
of the barbed wire fences, just outside
of the city lines, and the Archbishop of
Santiago had appealed to the comman
rii-r to surrender rather than be sub
jected to bombardment. General Li
nares, although In great pain. from the
injury to his arm, and compelled to
depend for support upon General Taral,
absolutely refused, to comply with the
Archbishop's request. He emphasized
his refusal, I am told by several of
to-day's arrivals from Santiago, by de
claring that he would burn the city be
fore he would permit.it to fall into the
hands of Americans. The Spanish
troops had been greatly reduced in
numbers just prior to the arrival of
General Pando's reinforcements.
The refugees declare that Linares
had only 4000 regulars and 200 volun
teers left with which to defend the
city. Several thousand of his men had
been killed or wounded, and Admiral
Orvera was no longer aiding with his
fleet. The enemy's troops were much
depressed over these conditions, and
their spirits were further lowered by
the wounding of General Linares, and
the death of General Vara del Rey,
Who succeeded General Linares in com
mand of the troops at the front.
If the Spanish troops could have their
•way, I am told, they would surrender
to General Shafter forthwith. The ref
ugees generally agreed that the city
would be surrendered, but the Spanish
leaders showed' no. lnclination to adopt
that course. General Pando's arrival
with 7000 additional troops, by the lat
est information here, places the total
strength of the Spanish In Santiago at
only a little more than 11,000.
Only two houses in the city of San
tiago had been destroyed by the Ameri
can fire up to the time the refugees left
for Kingston, but .the Spanish ship
Trafalgar, Which was lying in the har
bor, had been sunk by a shell. Two
men were killed and five wounded. One
woman was kilfed. by the firing on the
city. The refugees, left Santiago in
l>'>ats, being allowed to take no bag
gage. CrAwds surrounded the con
sulates *n the beleaguered city, praying
for permits to leave.
Flour is ri.ot obtainable in Santiago,
beef costs $1 40 a pound, rice 50 cents
a pound and lard $1 a bottle. Refugees
pay they paw many persons lying on
tlif plaza of Santiago dying of starva
tion. ■' •
It was announced officially in Santi
ago during the American attack on
Saturday that Admiral Camara's fleet
had bombarded Key. West.
SAMPSON PLANNED
CERVERA'S CAPTURE
Expecting a Dash to Escape, He Had
Given Orders to Cover Every
Contingency.
NEW YORK, July s.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: I learn to-night that Rear
Admiral Sampson had not only so dis
posed of bis fleet in front of Santiago
de Cuba bb to best meet any attempt
of the enemy to get out and given or
ders which resulted in every ship be
ing constantly ready for battle, but In
anticipation of Juat ouch a dash out of
The San Francisco Call
CEUTA, WHICH MOY BE COMMODORE WATSON'S BASE OF OPERATIONS WHEN HE MfJKES HIS RAID ON THE COAST OF SPfllN. CEUTO IS ON
A PENINSULA ON THE AFRICAN COAST AND OPPOSITE GIBRALTAR, WHICH IS DISTANT SEVENTEEN MILES.
CREDIT IS DUE
TO BOTH SCHLEY
AND SAMPSON
How It Should Be Divided Between
Them Official Reports Will
Determine.
NEW YORK, July 5. — A Washington special to the Herald says:
Until Rear Admiral Sampson's official report of the batiLg of Santiago
has been received if will be in.j" rmine In .v the credit for
the admirable work done by the American fleet in destroying Admiral
('ervera's ships should be divided between the admiral and the second
in command. Commodore Sehley.
Unfortunately for ,Admiral Sampson he happened to be absent from
the fleet to attend a conference with Major General Shafter at the
time when the Spanish ships left Santiago harbor, and he did not get
back in time to take charge of the first part of the fight, which was, con
sequently, conducted under ordors of Commodore Schley.
This being the case, some persons who have been impatient with
Rear Admiral Sampson for some time because he did not run his fleet
into Santiago harbor in the face of the land batteries and Cervera's
fleet and through the mined channel have hastened to give Commodore
Schley all the credit for the victory.
The Secretary and officials of the Navy Department are confident
that when Admiral Sampson submits his official report he will give
Commodore Schley full credit for his prompt work in getting the ships
of the fleet into action against the Spaniards. He will also give due
credit to all the officers and men who especiallydistinguished themselves
in the fight. Incidentally this report will indicate the part Admiral
Sampson personally took In the fight.
Upon one point all are agreed. That is that Commodore Schley and
the commanding officers of the several ships handled the fleet and its
individual fighting units in a manner that could not have been im
proved upon, and that they are entitled to all the praise that Admiral
Sampson will doubtless give them in his report and to such recognition
as Congress may see fit to bestow upon them.
the harbor as actually was made he
had, soon after his arrival, mapped out
a careful plan to meet it. In this plan
the part that was to be played by each
ship In every contingency that could
be foreseen was laid down and each
commanding officer was given instruc
tions as to what he was expected to do.
When the contingency which Admiral
Sampson had foreseen arrived there
was little time for Commodore Schley
to give orders, but he and the captains
of the ships promptly realized the sit
uation and carried out the plans of the
admiral with such changes as the ac
tions of the Spanish ships made neces
sary.
COMBINED ATTACK
ON MORRO CASTLE
Forces of Shafter and Sampson Will
. Make a Joint Assault
To-Day.
tion It Is confidently expected by the
administration that a combined attack
on Morro Castle will be made to-mor
row by the .forces under command of
Major General Rhafter and Rear Admi
ral Sampson.
CERVERA'S OFFICERS
WERE NOT UNANIMOUS
Minority of Them Sightly Thought
the Destruction of the Spanish
Fleet Certain.
Copyrighted. 1898. by the Associated Press.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 4
(via Port Antonio. Jamaica, July 5, per
the Associated Press dispatch boat
Cynthia 11, via Kingston, Jamaica,
July s).— Admiral Cervera held a con
sultation with his officers before sailing
out of the harbor of Santiago de Cuba,
and by a small majority the move was
agreed upon. The minority said that
destruction was sure, as many of the
firemen had mutinied and the best men
in the fleet werft worn out hy serving
the guns in the shore batteries. Early
on the morning of the sortie careful
observations were taken of the sea
east and west. Admiral Cervera de
cided upon taking the westward course,
with Manzanillo, Olenfuegos, or, if pos
sibel, Havana the port to be reached.
He would have gone east but for the
SAN FKANCISCO, M r EDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
sighting of a large transport fleet off
Siboney and the assurance that a con
voy of war vessels was still with the
transports.
As a matter of fact, there is no war
vessel largr-r than a converted yacht,
except the New York, that could have
obstructed Admiral Cervera's escape
eastward. Naval men here are sure
that the Spanish vessels could have
disabled or sunk the New York and
escaped had the eastward course been
chosen.
It Is claimed that one shell killed 100
men on the Vizc-aya, raking the vessel
fore and aft.
RENEWED EFFORTS
TO EXCHANGE HOBSON
Navy Department Willing to Surren
der an Officer of Higher Grado
to Secure His Release.
NEW YORK, July s.— The Washlng
HOSPITAL AT SANTIAGO IN WHICH HOBSON IS CONFINED.
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: There is a possibility that be
fore the Spanish sailors are sent north
something will be done looking to the
exchange of Hobson and the men un
der his command for some of the ' Off
icers who were on board the Spanish
warships. Assistant Naval Construc
tor Hobson has the rank of lieutenant
of the junior grade, and under the rules
of civilized warfare he should be ex
changed for an officer of equal rank.
The department, however, is willing to
waive the 'question of rank, and will
give an officer of . the grade of com
mander, or of captain, if necessary, to
obtain an exchange of the American
heroes.
It is not believed the Spanish will
surrender Hobson and. the., men with
him at this time on account of the
knowledge they have of Santiago's de
fenses. This was the plea made by
the Spanish Government, several week*
ago when ii. announced that It must
decline to exchange the Americans.
The authorities, have not V forgotten
Hbbson and the others of the Merrimac,
and propose to do everything possible
to effect their release 1 as speedily as
possible. ■ ■' '■'■-'■'.'_ '-'•■ ; ■ :
CONSULS DEMAND THAT
THE CITY SURRENDER
Spfftal cable to The Call and the New York
Herald, <v>pyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don TJennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. July s.— News
has reached here that after General
Taral, the Spanish commander at San
tiago, had refused to comply with Gen
eral Shafter's second demand for the
surrender of the city the foreign con
suls in Santiago united in a demand
that there be a cessation of hostilities
until the 30,000 foreigners in the city
could be removed from danger. It was
their intention to take these people out
p.nd put them under tlie protection of
the United States. The American com
mander declined to comply with this
demand, and told the consuls that they
should insist on the surrender of the
city. The consuls had another confer
ence and decided to act on this advice.
A formal demand has now been served
by the consuls and they are waiting
the reply of the Spaniards.
CAPTAIN OF OQUENDO
COMMITTED SUICIDE
Special onhlo to The Call and the New
York Herald. ('■■pyrlKhted, 1898, by
James Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD THE CALL
HERALD DISPATCH BOAT
SOMMERS N. SMITH, July
4- (via Kingston, Jamaica,
July s.)— The captain of the
Almirante Oquendo commit
ted suicide after the loss of
his vessel. This gave rise to
the report that Admiral Cer
vera had killed himself.
CERVERA TALKS
FOR THE CALL
AND HERALD
Defeated Admiral Says {-^Orders
to Leave Santiago l-jarbor
Came prom Madrid.
Special Cable to The Cull nnd tbe BTevr York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by «l!».i>i"« Gordon l!cnn< ?t.
ON BOARD THE CAIL-HERALD DISPATCH-BOAT SOMMERS
N. SMITH, WITH THE FLEET, July 4, via Kingston, Jamaica, July
5. — I have just had an interview with Admiral Cervera, who received
me very courteously. He said:
"I wish to present my compliments to The Call and Herald. I do
not wish to- make a statement at present, although I am deeply sen
sible of the generous treatment accorded to myself and to my men by
the American sailors, from the rear admiral down to the officers of his
fleet.
"I received orders twice from Madrid to leave Santiago harbor and
go to Havana, and fully realized the difficulties that beset my path,
but the honor of the Spanish navy demanded of me that the move
ment be made and I gave the order for my fleet to dash forth to al
most certain destruction."
Lieutenant Juan Aruar, third officer of the cruiser Infanta Maria
Teresa, dictated the following statement:
"We staked all on the chance of catching the American fleet nap
ping and we have lost. Our fleet has been wiped out and Spain's naval
power is suddenly shattered. That is the situation which Spain must
face. The war eanoot be continued with any hope of success. We
have done our best, but we have been overcome by a superior force.
"Admiral Cervera decided last Wednesday to ieave Santiago in
obedience to instructions received from Madrid, which ordered him to
proceed to Havana in order to assist in the defense of that city. The
fleet accordingly coaled and provisioned and the men ashore were re
called."
CUBANS CAPTURED
AND BURNED CABANAS
But They l_ade a Bad Mistake in
Firing on the Body of a Dead
Spanish Officer.
Special cable to The fall and the New York
HothM. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ON BOARD THE CALL-HERALD
DISPATCH BOAT SOMMERS N.
SMITH, OFF SANTIAGO, July 4 (via
Kingston, Jamaica, July 5). — The Cu
bans who have been acting under Ma
jor-General Shafter's orders since his
arrival burned Cabanas to-day, defeat
ing the Spanish garrison. They are
marching now toward Santiago along
the western coast of the bay.
After Admiral Cervera's fleet had
been destroyed the body of a handsome
Spanish officer drifted between the aux
iliary gunboat Gloucester and the
shore. It was lashed to a spar and the
face was upturned. The Cubans on
shore fired at it, whereupon Lieutenant
Commander Richard Wainwright of
the Gloucester, who had so gallantly
fought the whole of Cervera's fleet the
day before, fired blank shots in their
direction. Then he shouted through
the megaphone '"I will use six pounders
on you if you do not stop firing on that
body." The Cubans fled through the
bushes.
When I asked Captain Robley D.
Evans of the lowa what he thought of
Sunday's battle, he said: "God and
gunners were on our side."
GRACEFUL COURTESY
EXTENDED. CERVERA
In Fact, All the Captured Naval Offi-
cers May Send Messages to
Spain.
WASHINGTON, July 5.— A graceful
courtesy was to-day extended to the
captured Spanish admiral, Cervera, by
the President. Through General Gree
ley, chief signal officer, permission was
sent to Cervera to communicate with
his family in Spain by cable. Permis
sion was also granted to other cap
tured Spanish officers to use the cable
to transmit personal messages to
friends in Spain. The messages will be,
of course< carefully censored and noth
ing will be allowed to pass that would
be of assistance in any manner to the
enemy.
GENERAL MILES WILL
STAY IN WASHINGTON
Remains at the Capital in Order to
Organize the Porto Rico
Expedition.
NEW YORK, July 5.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: General
Miles, it is now positively said at the
War Department, will not go to Santi
ago. Again the authorities have gone
back to the plan for the general com
manding the United States army to re
main here in order to organize the
Porto Rico p^nedition. The time for the
sailing of this. however, is not stated
for the Santiago expedition will be
given the right of way.
HOW CERVERA'S MEN
FARED ON THE LAND
MADRID, July s.— An official dis
patch from Havana says that in the
fight of July 2, three men were killed
and seven wounded on board the Reina
Mercedes. Of the troops disembarked
by Admiral Cervera, seventy-one were
rendered hora de combat.
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
OUR SHIPS
WILL ENTER
THE HARBOR
Sampson and Shatter to'
Join in Bombarding
Santiago.
Plans of tile Attack Left
Entirely to the Decision
of the Two Com- ;^
manders.
WASHINGTON, July s.— As a result (
of the Cabinet meeting: to-day instruc
tions-were sent by the President tn Ad
miral Sampson and General Shaffer to
confer together concerning: a,.- joint plan
of attack upon the city. Upon the out
come of this conference depends the
line of action for the immediate future. v
For the present the land bombardment
by General Shafter's forces has been
deferred, as the situation is so com
pletely changed by the annihilation of
the Spanish fleet that is is manifestly
the part of -wisdom for this land bom
bardment to await the co-operation
and support of a bombardment from
Admiral Sampson's fleet.
General Shafter's demand for ihe sur
render of Santiago, on pain of bom
bardment, was made at 8:30 Sunday .
morning. An hour later Admiral (er
vera made his suicidal dash from the
harbor, resulting in a complet? trans
formation o f the naval anl military
conditions. Instead of a menacing ..
Spanish fleet within the harbor, * In
way has been cleared, save for the
fhrre batteries, for the entrance of the
Americas fleet up to the very wharves
of the city With this matenal ch£<ng,e
wrought it was obvious to the autr.o; i
ties bore that the blow first intend*'! to
be delivered by General Shaftor aJcne
woulu be duubly effective and decisive •■
If the two iorces could be brought tr.
gether and strike simultaneously from .
land and sea.
■ It is for this reason that the confer- .
ence between the American general and
the admiral was called. Up to the close
of office hours to-day no word had come
either to the War or Navy Department;
so far as was disclosed, as to what de
termination had been reached at the
conference. At the same time it Is the
expectation of the authorities that the
conference will result in' a determina
tion by the admiral to take his fleet
through the narrow neck of the harbor, .
making his way past the shore bat
teries and fortifications, and take posi
tion before the city for bombardment.
There is reason to believe that the in
structions sent to Admiral Sampson at
least conveyed the desire, if not the
order, that he enter the harbor. But
it is said that the admiral and the gen r
eral continue to be the supreme officials
in authority, and that, being on the : .
scene, fully alive to all the conditions,
their judgment will be taken as filial in
the course to be adopted.
There is said to be no obstacle, so far
as navigation is concerned, to the. en- .
trance of the harbor by the American
fleet. The Cristobal Colon, which
cleared the Merrimae and got out of. .
the harbor on Sunday, drew 23 feet 3
inches, which is within seven inches of
the draft of the battle-ships lowa, In
diana, Massachusetts and Oregon, and
is greater than the draft of the battle
ship Texas. Moreover, the Navy De
partment has known for the last ten
days that the neck of the channel was"
open, despite the sinking of the Merri- ;
mac, and that there was a clear seaway
of seven fathoms, through which any'
ship in our navy could sail. This re
moves all difficulty, except from sub-'.
marine mines, or from the shore bat
teries.
As to the mines, little account Is
taken of them, since the Spanish fleet
passed over them. The Spaniards are
in the habit of using contact mines, so
that there is little likelihood of there
being mines operated by electric con
nection with the shore. .
The forts and batteries have been
badly weakened by the constant fire
of the fleet for many weeks past, an*
while still a factor, they are greatlj>
disabled.
Once up to the city the fleet :.nd army
could combine in a terrific double fire.
No less than 292 heavy Runs would be
trained from the American warships on
the city and at the same time the big
siege guns, which, it is expected, have
been brought to the front of Shatter's
line, would rain down a torrent of steel
from that quarter. The siege guns
throw shells of 135 pounds. Aside from
them there are four modern howitzers,
with guns of a smaller caliber. These
are in the heavy artillery, while the
light artillery embraces a great number
of guns of .2 caliber. Combined this
fire from land and sea would be "terrific
in its effect.
The action of the foreign represents- .
tives at Santiago has been an additional
reason for deferring the bombardment.
It was made known late to-day that
one of General^ Shafter's dispatches
stated that these represeatatives ha.42
Joined In a request to him to put off
the shelling of the city for another brief
period, until their respective colonies
could be removed. This accounts for
the departure of the foreign warships
from Santiago harbor, as they are bear-
Ing away the foreign residents in the
period before the bombardment begins.
The activity of the Consuls at Santiago
has led to no diplomatic complication
which has reached the State Depart
ment thus far and the authorities here
believe that nothing will develop.
The State Department to-day took
occasion to dispel some of the Spanish
illiiM";is over the escape of Admiral
Cervera'a fleet It seems that Madrid
is not alone in the belief that the fleet
made a handsome sortie from Santiago
and left the American ships far in the
rear.
To-day a cablegram came from
United States Minister Lunis, at Cara
cas, saying the Spanish residents there
were glorifying the naval victory. The
Minister was informed briefly that Cer
vera's fleet had been destroyed, the
admiral made a prisoner, and that Gen
eral Bhafter had demanded the surren
der of the city.
Th" definite official report which
reached here to-day that the Spanish
fleet had entered the Suez canal made
no change in the plans of the Navy De
partment as to sending Commodore
Watson's squadron to the coast of
Spain. Secretary Long said it would
start at the earliest possible moment,
but he did not care to give the day of
departure.
The annihilation of the Spanish fleet
continues to be an absorbing topic
among naval officials, and th ;. in -■ v-
Ing most generous praise to Commodore
y for the dashing manner in
which he destroyed the lleet, when the
immediate command fell to his lot. The
commodore's friends have long pre
dicted that if he got an opportunity he
would render a good account of the
fighting ability of the American navy,
and they are glad the opportunity was
finally reached.
It is perhaps the greatest achieve
ment in a long line with which Commo
dore Schley's name has been associated,
others Including the relief of the Gree
ly Arctic expeditioil, and the com
mand of the Baltimore at Valparaiso
result of a mob attack on the
lean bluejackets.
The Navy Department has no addi
tional details of the annihilation of the
Spanish fleet, and it was said that the
dispatches from Sampson and Watson
giving the essential facts were not like
ly to be followed by more minute de
tails except through the mail. Admiral
Sampson was not present when the en
f,.iK-nient began, and Commodore Wat
son's dispatch of last night indicates
that he had reached Santiago after the
light.
In the absence of both Sampson and
Watson, the direction of the fight
would have fallen to Commodore
Schley, and, being in the heat of the en
gagement on the ilagship Brooklyn, it
seems probable that he gave the sig
nala by which the American ships
uvered and selected their various
points of attack. The department offi
cials feel the same sentiments of grati
tude for all the officers participating in
the great battle, as it is felt that each
of them contributed to the utmost ac
cording to the circumstances of his po
sition.
The disposition of Admiral Cervera
and the 1500 prisoners is receiving the
attention of naval officers to-day, but
no exact determination has yet been
reached. Admiral Cervera will be
treated with the consideration due his
rank, and the department officials ex
a sense of gratification that Lieu
tenant Commander Walhwright show
ed the gallantry characteristic of the
American navy when he received the
defeated admiral on board the cruiser
Gloucester and tendered him the use of
his cabin.
SECOND BRIGADE
LEAVES CAMP ALGER
WASHINGTON, July s.— The Second
Brigade of the First Division of the
Second Army Corps broke camp at
Camp Alger this afternoon and started
on their journey to Santiago to rein
force General Shafter's army. The Sec
ond Brigade is composed of the Eighth
Ohio. Sixth Illinois and Sixth Massa
chusetts, General Garretson command-
Ing. The Sixth Massachusetts was the
first to get away, going aboard the cars
at Dunloring and leaving for Charles
ton, S. C, shortly after 10 o'clock. The
other regiments will depart before day
break;
The Ohio regiment left for New York,
where it will embark on the St. Paul,
while the Illinois troops go to Charles
ton. S. C, and with the Massachusetts
m<-n -will be transported upon the Har
vard and Tale. All superfluous bag
gage was left behind and everything
that could be spared was discarded, it
being the desire to move the regiments
with all possible haste. Only six horses
were allowed to a regiment, all other
Animals belonging to the brigade be
ing retained here, whence they will be
shipped as soon as possible to Tampa,
• under charge of an officer, and from
there they will be sent later to Santi
\ago. The brigade is in fine condition,
and the men left t-nthusiastlc and eager
to- reach the seat of war before the end
of the Santiago campaign.
It is expected to have the troops off
Santiago by Sunday. When the sol
diers left Camp Alger they were given
a royal send-off by the men who were
left behind.
REINFORCEMENTS FOR
SHAFTER TO BE RUSHED
•WASHINGTON, July s.— General
Shafter, in a dispatch received last
night, confirmed the report that Gen
eral Pando. with about 60?0 Spaniards,
had arrived" in the city, and that the!
reinforcements were already distributed
among the fortifications. This makes !
the Spanish forces defending the city
froir 16,000 to 18.000. The very great
advantage of being entrenched adds :
materially to their strength, and in the ;
oninion i f military men makes their i
effective fighting force from - third to
a half greater than our own.
Orders were given looking to the im
mediate dispatch of troop ships from
Tampa with reinforcements for Shafter j
and others now at Santiago will be ■
brought here at the earliest moment to
fdd in the transportation of reinforce
ments. It is probable that at least 15,
000 will be sent forward as rapidly as
transportation can be provided. Thus
nugmented there seems to be no doubt i
■ that the forces under General Shafter |
■will be able to Ptorm and take the city I
' -without delay. These are the views en
tertained by members of the Cabinet,
who talk freely on the subject. Never
theless the order under which both!
army and navy are now operating gives
(he comma ndf-rs wide discretion, and it
is not doubted that, should changed
circumstances seem to warrant it an
aggressive movement will be begun.
Accidentally Shot.
WINTERS. July :,.— A German resident
named Stolt Is in a critical condition from
a wound caused by the accidental dis
charge of a pun. A fishing spear he was
removing from a wagon caught on the
trigger of the gun ana it was discharged,
the load entering his abdomen. It is be-
he cannot recover.
CAMARA ON
THE WAY TO
PHILIPPINES
Watson Will Be Sent to
Pursue and Destroy
the Fleet.
Three Torpedo-Boat Destroyers
Return to Protect the Home
Ports of Spain.
NEW YORK. July s.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Admiral Caraara, with
one battle-ship, one armored cruiser,
four troopships, one ammunition-ship
and colliers, entered the Suez canal
this morning on his way to the Philip
pines. Three torpedo-boat destroyers,
which accompanied his fleet to Port
Said, left that port to-day to return to
Spain, the first stop being announced
as Messina, Italy. This official infor
mation was received at the State De
partment this afternoon from its agents
at Port Said.
Furthermore, it was learned that Ad
miral Camara had succeeded in procur
ing what is considered in naval circles
a small supply of coal for the number
of ships with him. The detachment
of the torpedo-boat destroyers is cred
ited by the department officials, first, to
the destruction of the Spanish fleet un
der Cervera and to the desire of the
Madrid Government to have at home a
fleet which will be useful for offensive
purposes against the American squad
ron intended to operate against the
Spanish coast; and, second, the diffi
culty these vessels would experience in
making the voyage through the Red
Sea and Indian Ocean.
By the detachment of the three de
stroyers Spain has considerably weak
ened Camara's fleet. The troopships,
colliers and ammunition ships.
though armed with Hontoria guns, will
be of little value in case of a conflict
with the American fleet under com
mand of Rear Admiral Dewey. It is
evident to the officials that Admiral
Camara's squadron is too weak to at
tempt to enter Manila harbor, and that
he will proceed to some other point,
where he will establish a base and
make plans for desperate resistance
against American attack, and which
will justify Spain in laying claim to
the islands upon the conclusion of the
war.
It will be especially for the purpose
of preventing a successful consumma
tion of this plan that Commodore Wat
son will be sent to the far East to giv
battle to Camara and to destroy his
fleet.
It is presumed in official circles that
Commodore Watson is making final
arrangements with Rear Admiral
Sampson for the formation of the East
ern squadron, and it is expected that
by the latter part of this or early dur
ing the coming week the vessels as
signed to his command will be on their
way to the Mediterranean in pursuit of
Camara.
NOW PASSING THROUGH
THE SUEZ CANAL
One of Camara's Vessels, the Pelayo,
Cheered by Crews of the Tor
pedo-Boat Dertroyers.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
d'.n Bennett.
PORT SAID, July s.— Admiral Ca
TOO LIBERAL
IN HIS VIEWS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, July s.— Trouble is
brewing in the church circles of thi3
city. As a result of a controversy
which came to a climax at the meeting
of the board and members of the First
Christian Church to-night it is prob
able that a new congregation may be
organized shortly, and at its head. will
be Jay William Hudson, for the past
year and a half in charge of the organ
ization which at to-night's meeting de
decided to dispense with his services.
Since his arrival here Mr. Hudson
has been recognized as a speaker gifted
with rare eloquence, a worker of much
energy and ambition and an organizer
of skill. But his creed was evidently
too liberal for some of the more con
servative members of his flock, and at
the meeting to-night out of 158 present
80 voted to dispense with his services,
while 78 were against the proposition.
Professor A. 0. McMeans read the re
port of the board, giving the replies
made by Mr. Hudson to a series of
questions propounded a few days ago.
Then the pastor made a speech in
which he said:
"On the principle of liberty of thought
I stand to-night, and if I am again
called to the pulpit of this church I
want it to be on this principle on which
my country is founded and which
should be the only creed of the church
universal. If you cannot give me the
liberty of my individual conscience I
ask you to extend to me no call, for
I can give to the world no less grand
principles."
The First Christian Church is the ]
largest in point of membership in this
city, and if, as Mr. Hudson said to
night was under serious discussion, it
is decided to form a new organization
with Mr. Hudson at its head, the body
over whose destinies the reverend gen
tleman has lately presided will un
doubtedly feel the effect.
Scarcity of Water.
WOODLAND. July 5.— The light rainfall
for tho season seems to have affected the
•water supply all over the valley. In this
city the mills which furnish the public
supply are failing, and it is necessary to
enforce rigid economy in the use of water
In order to avert a famine. This scarcity
will remain prevalent until the fall rains.
Tuolumne Assessments.
SAN ANDREAS, July s.— Assessor Nu
ner turned over the assessment rolls of
the county to-day to the Board of Super
visors. The assessed valuation of proper
ty of this county for the year 1898 is $4 -
782,050, as against $5,015,565 for last year.
The mortgage indebtedness is $379,865, an
increase of |4120 over last year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
' mara's fleet arrived last evening, hay
: ing transferred the coal outside. The
transport San Augustine Joined the
i fleet Saturday night. They all entered
I the canal without electric lights.
The San Ignacio de Loyola has been
converted into a hospital ship. Many
troops were transferred outside to the
i Isla de Luzon, which is now almost
| full. The Pelayo was cheered by the
i destroyers' crews as she passed them.
I Otherwise there were no demonstra
tions of enthusiasm.
The Pelayo has the canal company's
j tug towing ahead. The intenelon is to
i anchor in Bitter Lakes to-night and
I reach Suez to-morrow afternoon.
Tho three destroyers left at 4 o'clock
this afternoon, homeward bound.
SCHLEY MAY HAVE
THE COMMAND
It Is Reported That He Will Be
Placed in Charge of the Fleet
to Bo Sent to Spain.
PixTlai oaMp tr. The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ON BOARD CALL-HERALD DIS
TATCH BOAI SOMERS *N. SMITH,
OFF SANTIAGO, July 4, via Kingston,
Jamaica, July 5. — Commodore Watson,
who was not present during the de
struction of Admiral Cervera's fleet, ar
rived off Santiago to-day and at once
reported on bo;.rd the flagship and had
a long consultation with the admiral.
With his arrival came the story that
many of the naval plans are to be
changed as far as commanders are
concerned. The most important of the
reports was or. that Commodore Wat
son will not be in command of the fleet
that is to go to Spanish waters and to
pursue Admiral Camara. Watson, it
is said, is now organizing a fleet and
will go to Porto Rico soon and take
possession.
Commodore Schley, it is said, is to
take the fleet to Spain if the war con
tinues. It was reported that Admiral
Cervera had committed suicide on the
Gloucester, but I found that it was
untrue. *
HOBSONAND SEVERAL
OF HIS MEN ILL
Special cable to The Call and the New Ynrk
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ON BOARD THE CALL-HERALD
DISPATCH BOAT SOMERS N.
SMITH, off Santiago, July 4, via King
ston. Jamaica, July 5. — Assistant Naval
Constructor Hobson and several of his
men have been ill with climatic fever in
Santiago since Saturday. They are
being well cared for both as to food
and medical treatment, being attended
by Spanish and English physicians.
They have excellent quarters in the
leading hotel of the city.
LARGE LIST
OF WOUNDED
Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press.
BEFORE SANTIAGO. July 3 (per
Associated Press dispatch boat Dandy
to Port Antonio, Jamaica, July 4, via
Kingston, Jamaica, July 4. — The fight
ing during the last two days has cost
the American army 1700 men. This es
timate is made by the surgeons at di
vision headquarters after careful fig
uring by the surgeons at the hospitals.
The list of wounded, as made up at
the division headquarters, Is very large
in proportion to the list of those killed
outright.
Probably less than one hundred, all
told, of the number of wounded, havo
died, making the total number of
deaths in the neighborhood of 150. The
remainder of the wounded will probably
recover. Considering the fact that not
over 12,000 men were engaged on our
side and that not all of those were ac
tually under fire the percentage of loss
is very heavy. The slaughter was
brought about mainly by the gallantry
with which our troops advanced into
the open ground in the face of a heavy
fire from the Spanish intrenchments
and rifle pits.
Our men generally had an opinion
that the Spaniards could not shoot and
many, it must be confessed, thought
they would not fight. Both impressions
were erroneous, particularly the latter.
The Spanish have fought with great
determination and bravery. The re
turns show that a number of regiments
suffered very heavily, the Seventy-first
New York being the worst cut up of the
volunteer regiments, and the Thirteenth
and Sixth regular infantry among the
regulars, with the Seventh and Six
teenth Infantry close in the race for
glory.
In some companies of the Thirteenth
Regiment, one-third of the men are
pone, and there are companies in that
regiment now entirely without officers.
In the Sixth Infantry more than one
third of the officers are gone, only one
field officer. Major Minor, being left.
The following is the Hat of non-com
missioned officers and privates killed in
the Seventy-first of New York:
PRIVATE DEU-fSCHBERGER,
Company C.
PRIVATE HOLLAND, Company M
CORPORAL MILOUS, Company C.
PRIVATE SCOFIELD, Company D
PRIVATE SKINNER, Company B.
PRIVATE BOOTH. Company L.
PRIVATE DECKER, Company M.
Badly wounded:
PRIVATE JEFFINGS, Company B.
PRIVATE CLARK, Company B.
PRIVATE HALE, Company F. "
Twenty-four others in the Seventy
first were wounded.
FELL AT THE STORMING OF SAN JUAN HEIGHTS.
Lieutenant Jules Garesche Ord, who was killed at the storming of San
Juan Heights last Friday, was one of the promising young officers of the
army. Although born in Michigan, a good part of his life was passed
in California. He was the youngest son of the late Major General E. O.
C. Ord, one of the great corps commanders on the Union side in the War
of the Rebellion. He entered the service at Angel Island, enlisting as priv
ate In the First Infantry, In 1887; he was soon made quartermaster ser
geant and three years later was commissioned second lieutenant and as
signed for duty to the Eighteenth Infantry. Last year he was promoted
to first lieutenant and transferred to the Sixth Infantry. He was a most
lovable character and extremely popular with both officers and men. At
the time of his death he was serving as aid to Brigadier General Haw
kins.
WILL NOT
SEEK PEACE
AT PRESENT
MADRID, July s.— The Cabinet Coun
cil to-night, after a short session, de
cided not to open negotiations for
peace, but to continue the war with all
risks while a single soldier remains in
Cuba.
The Government has no news as to a
bombardment of Santiago and has ca
bled Governor General Blanco for de
tails of the naval battle.
LONDON, July 6.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Standard says: The
public is still in favor of prolonged re
sistance, but excitement is increasing
among all classes and strong precau
tions are being taken in all the large
towns where the garrisons are con
fined to the barracks.
The Daily Chronicle this morning
says: We learn from a sure source
that the Spanish Government thinks it
impossible to make peace now, because
to make peace at present would throw
the balance of power in Spain into the
hands of the Carlists.
The Rome correspondent of the Dally
Chronicle says: The Pope, it is rum
ored, has telegraphed the Queen Re
gent, begging her not to compromise
FUSION TICKET
WINS THE DAY
The Fusion party took the Populist
plum last night at the first meeting of the
county convention, and their ticket of
delegates to the People's Party State Con
vention and the State Central Committee
■were elected.
Early in the evening the County Com
mittee of the Populists resolved itself in
to a county convention for the nomina
tion of delegates to the State convention
at Sacramento next week. E. A. Street,
nominated by T. V. Cator, was elected
chairman. A. L. Holder was elected sec
retary over George A. Clough by a vote
of 43 to 32. Then the business of the
evening -began, which seemed unending.
Cator moved that a committee of seven
on resolutions and a committee of three
on order of business be appointed, and
that no business be done during the ab
sence of the committee, except nomina
tion of delegates. The motion was carried
and the committees appointed are as fol
lows:
Committee on resolutions— T. V. Cator,
T. L. Porter, Dr. Grlswold, J. A. Johnson,
Dr. Cleveland, J. C. Gore and J. D.
Thompson.
Committee on order of business — W. J.
Greer, R. H. O'Hea and William Christie.
T. V. Cator read a list of platform reso
lutions, the work of the committee on re
solutions, which should guide the actions
df the delegates elected to" the. State con
vention. He recited the principles of Pop
ulism and urged all not to swerve a jot
from them in the work of the conven
tion at Sacramento. Fusion was depre
cated, and it was suggested that a pledge
be given to each delegate who is to at
tend the State convention. The resolu
tions were unanimously passed.
It was then moved by Cator that each
ticket be placed in nomination. This was
carried. Cator and George D. Gillespie
were allowed to appoint tellers. Cator se
lected W. J. Greer and C. Johnson, Gil
lespie appointed G. A. Clough and E.
Kinne.
The prosaic routine of the convention
received a severe electric shock when a
young boy with blushing cheek came to
the ballot-box to cast a vote when the
name of E. D. Vorath was called. He was
just in the act of dropping the ballot into
the box when B. G. Haskell arose and in
a frenzied and withering outburst charged
the culprit with the heinous crime of im
personation for the purpose of colossal
stuffing. Haskell openly arraigned a Mr.
Ryfkogel, one of the members of the con
vention, as being the moving cause of this
attempt to swell the ballots in his sec
tion of the party. A move was made to
discover what ticket the bold, bad boy
had in his hand, but Cator, with a wave
of his hand and a fine dignity disparaged
such action. The boy was ignominiously
ejected and a serene harmony restored.
Nothing was done to Ryfkogel, though
the altitude of Haskell's voice was ter-
rible.
The two tickets were balloted on and
I the future of the monarchy by refus
ing to treat for peace "which after the
heroism displayed by the Spanish navy,
could not be other than honorable."
At the same time, the Pope cabled
President McKinley — so it is rumored —
appealing to American generosity
toward "an unfortunate but chivalrous
enemy." The Italian Foreign Office,
however, discredits such rumors and
denies that the powers have taken any
action.
ROME, July 5. — There have been sev
eral conferences during the past few
days between Cardinal Rampolla, the
Papal becretary of State, and Monsig
nor Merry del Val, Spanish Embassa
dor to the Vatican. The Italia assumes
that Spain may again intend to ask the
Pope to intervene in behalf of peace.
PARIS, July s.— The Temps this
afternoon publishes an article headed
"Peace Is Necessary," in the course of
which it says: "Perhaps the only serv
ice which Senor Sagasta can now ren
der to Spain, his party, liberalism and
himself, is to open negotiations for
peace. There has been enough blood
shed and destruction of ships, forts and
lives. If the Spanish honor is not now
satisfied when, in the name of Heaven
will it be?"
the five receiving the most ballots were
elected as delegates to the State Central
Committee. They were: George D. Gilles
pie, A. B. Kinne, George A. Clough, Hen
ry Huppert. J. W. Reay.
The following fusion ticket won by a
vote of 41 to 39 and the twenty-nine dele
p.ites to the convention now are: George
D. Gillespie, A. B. Kinne, George A
Clough, Henry Huppert, J. W. Reay Pat
rick Moriarity, Louis Schneider, Fred
kloth, J. K. Phillips, J. M. Custer. John
( arter, R. L. Ryfkogel, John A. Miller,
I'rnnk Powers, Arthur Crocker, George
T. Bllvey, G. R. Hubbell, C. D. Cleveland
T. H. Hatch, Louis Crackbon, R h'
O'Hea, W. N. Griswold. Richard Mehr
tens. Joseph Fassler. J. D. Thompson, F.
G. Schallenberger, E. A. Street W E
Walker, F. S. Oaks. '
GERMAN DELEGATES
CAPTURE THE CITY
A Day of Business, Followed by a
Gala Night of Dancing
and Feasting.
The North American Turnerbund as
sembled in the Turn Verein Hall, 323 Turk
street, yesterday morning- for its eight
eenth biennial convention. The hall was
elaborately decorated in the colors of the
United States, mingled with those of the
Kaiser's empire.
This organization has a membership of
nearly 4000. Its motto is, "A Strong Mind
and a Strong Body," and in pursuance of
this it trains the child both physically and
mentally until the child becomes a man.
Many important questions will be taken
up at .this convention, chief among which
will be the remodeling of the constitution
The old one has been declared ambiguous
and has been the cause of many bittpr
controversies. uw.er
The forenoon session was chiefly de
voted to organization. Speaker Henry
Brusan called the convention to order and
urged the members to get down to busi
ness as soon as possible. Delegate Wort
mann of Pittsburg was elected temporary
chairman and H. J. Hortlich temporary
secretary. The chairman then appointed
a committee on credentials.
At tho opening of the afternoon session
the following officers were elected- First
speaker, Emil Walber; second speaker
"William V.'ortmann; Hist secretary C H*
Rhode; second secretary, Paul Pause
After the appointment of committees the
convention adjourned until 9 o'clock this
morning. The proceedings are carried on
entirely in German.
In the evening the delegates were the
guests of the Elntracht Verein at its hall
on Twelfth street. The main hall was lav
ishly decorated with American and Ger
man flags. Adolph Becker, president of
the Eintracht Verein, welcomed the vis
itors, after which the night's fun began.
The first thing on the programme was the
well-known pantomime, "The White
Statue," which was rendered in good style
by members of the Verein. This was fol
lowed by dancing, after which all ad
journed to a bountiful cold collation in
the gymnasium rooms. Dancing was then
resumed and continued until daylight be
gan to stream in through the windows.
REQUEST
OF CONSULS
IS REFUSED
Th>e United States Cannot
- Protect Foreigners at
Santiago. !
Linares Has Not Yet Replied to
Sl)after's Second Demand for
the Surrender of the City^ ■
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
IN THE ADVANCE OF THE
AMERICAN LINES, SEVEN MILES
SOUTH OF SANTIAGO, July 4 (via
Port Antonio, Jamaica, July 5, per the
Associated Press dispatch boat Cynthia
11, via Kingston, Jamaica, July s).— At
noon yesterday, acting under instruc
tions from Washington, Major General
Shafter, commander of the troops, sent
a letter to General Linares, in com
mand of the Spanish forces defending
Santiago, demanding the surrender of
the city. The message was delivered
by Colonel Dorst. Three hours elapsed
before the firing could be . stopped.
General Linares responded promptly
with an absolute refusal to surrender.
General Shafter at noon to-day re
peated his demand for the surrender of
the city and notified General Linares
that unless Santiago surrendered hos
tilities would be resumed at noon on
Tuesday. Up to this evening General
Linares has not replied to the second
request for the surrender of the city.
Conferences with Consuls of the for
eign powers have been conducted near
General Wheeler's headquarters. The
Consuls said there were 31,000 men,
women and children, foreign subjects,
in the city, and they requested a ces
sation of hostilities in order to enable
them to be removed outside Santiago
and to be placed under the protection
of the United States. This was defi
nitely refused by the American com
mander, who declined to accept any
such responsibility. The Consuls were
told that it rested with them to insist
upon General Linares' surrender.
The conference was resumed at 9
o'clock this morning, when the Con
suls expressed grave doubts as to Gen
eral Lhiares surrendering, on account
of the false telegrams in regard to
Spanish victories and yellow fever
among the American troops sent daily
to Madrid, which caused the Spaniards
to think they dare not surrender and
return to Spain.
However, the foreign Consuls will de
mand the surrender of the city, but it
is doubtful whether they will prevail.
All the negotiations are submitted di
rect to Washington, thus causing some
delay. General Wheeler telephones to
General Shafter and the latter, over
the military line from his tent to the
cable station at Guantanamo Bay, com
municates direct with Washington.
A courier of the Associated Press at
4 this afternoon said no conclusions
had been reached.
General Shafter denies the existence
of a general armistice under the white
flap, and it is believed hostilities will
commence on Tuesday at 12 o'clock,
before which time the exodus of the
31,000 foreigners will be accomplished.
The British warships Pallas and Alert
and the Austrian warship Maria Teresa
have been allowed by Rear Admiral
Sampson to enter the harbor of Santi
ago and remove foreign subjects. One
British vessel has already cleared for
Kingston, Jamaica.
The Spanish armored cruiser Cristo
bal Colon has listed on her beam ends
on the rocks, and it is now practically
impossible to save her.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July s.— The
British warships Pallas and Alert have
left here for Santiago de Cuba in
order to bring away British subjects
who are desirous of leaving that city.
NEW YORK, July s.— The central ca
ble office of the Western Union Tele
graph Company at 11:30 this morning
issued a notice to the effect that its
cable operators at Santiago de Cuba
have gone on board the British gun
boat.
MEXICAN PETE'S BACKING.
Cripple Creek Mining Man Will
Match Him Against Jeffries.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo. July 5.— R. H.
Simmons, a prominent mining man, to
day deposited with the First National
Hank here $2500 forfeit to bind a match
for $10,000 a side between Jim Jeffries of
California and "Mexican Pete" Everett
of Cripple Creek, the light to take place
here. The money was posted as the re
sult of Everett's showing in defeating
Bob Armstrong last night.
Elfin "Wins a Handicap.
LONDON, July s.— At the second day's
racing 1 at the Nottingham July meeting 1
to-day Douglas Baird's 3-year-old colt
Orviapano won the Batsford 100
sovereigns. The Lorillard-Beresfonl
stable's Eoos was second. The St. Al
ban's handicap of 500 sovereigns was won
by the Lorillard-Beresford stable's 3-year
old bay colt Elfin.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
■WASHINGTON. July s.— Pensions have
been granted as follows:
California: Original— Oscar Matteson,
AMUSEMENTS.
Eat in Haste
And suffer at leisure. When your
abused stomach can no longer cheer-
fully and properly perform its duties,
a few doses of Hood's Sarsaparilia are
like fresh water to a withered plant.
This medicine tones the stomach, re-
stores digestive strength, creates an
appetite and with a little carp in diet,
the patient is soon again in perfect
health. Try it and you'll believe in it.
IiUOU S parilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine.
Hood's Pills cure constipation. 25 cents.
Woodbury'e Facial Scap, Facial Cream and
Facial Powder will b<.' found efficacious for
preventing Wrinkles, Freckles or chapping.
They are sold everywhere at 25 cents each.
Veterans' Home, Napa, $^; Jtjhn Gumbln
ger. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $6;.: V:
Philip Walker. Mortonville, $6: Addition
al—Henry S. Sigley, Soldiers' Home, i,oa
Angeles, $S to $10. Increase— Edwin B.
Clark, Soldiers'". Home, Los Angeles, $8. to
$12: John Burton, Los Angeles, $30 to $50. . ;
Oregon: Increase— David Butler, Eu- :
gene, S^ to $10. Reissue — Fergus LI Miii- ..
tie, Oswego, $10.
Washington: Increase— Martin H. Con-i
ger, Spokane, $12 to $17.. ; " •, . ',':
Tl/fT^'Vf Think this over. Is it
■ ifl |Pi |\| "■ good to get out iriifte
morning w/th sense J. i
• thdt before the day is half] Over you wilt y
wish that you were in bed.' But that is the \.
. way you feel every day. ■;■ Now, how long do /■
i ' you propose to be weak f-.CM-. year ! There ."-■-•
is no reason that you should be weak
: another . week. Think that over. Not
' another week - "'.■''-■":.":■■ ' :.>;.': U )-v? ■;■■-• - ; ; : v .•
.•- . —
TT J f\ Has : a weak back?
W JIX If Every man has a weak: : :
back who is unable ft* .. .
attend to all his duties. But what causes
weak back In almost every case it is ex- ■■■ *
cess of some nature. Too late hours ; or . too
much brain work, or some soft of folly* ••
Perhaps the damage was done /ears ago:'-. ;• •';
A T^T^ ou one of the fated. %■
l\ W\ f4 A . If you are, the sooner you .
seek for relief the -more-
quickly you will find it. If you think it can ■ ■■
never be found you are wrong.- ."Hudyan'*;' '
j has cured 20,000 men who were in a worse
condition than you are in to-day .' It makes i;
up for all losses and stop's all wast»- -often '.
in a week. Nature yields to it." . " '■• • .
"TSIT TVT Who have been : cured by,
111 WiA l\l "Hudyan" remain strong
and vigorous. It cures
rapidly, permanently and certainly. Write
and ask for free circulars' and .testimonials '
' telling you all about what it has done foi* -•"'..
others. Ask for medical advice, too, for* ■■.'
that is likewise free. Be as strong as you
once were. Feel the. fire of youth one&.
more.
I
You should watch for any sign of •
j blood taint in the system. Small ulcers '•
in the mouth, copper-colored spots •or '.'
! falling: out of hair all " indicate some
] form of poison. ' Ask for free "30-day
I blood cure" circulars. The cure is ab- -
I solutely sure. The system is thoroughly:
cleansed of all taint. \ . . '• ;' ■
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, :
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS 8T3., ■.' '•■ .'
San Francisco, Cal. •■}'.'■ , :\-
: rr 4 — ' ■• ■' ' '. - '. — . %' '
Jelly
Glasses ? :
Two Cents
These are regulation size and styles '•:
Credit store price is about 6 cents. We'll
unload 100 gross at regular factory .
price. Su^ar is cheap, fru.it Is cheapen, /
! Provide for winter while you:, can. This .-
week only or until gone. Limit 8 dozen +-
to one family. _ . • •. '/ "" "
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.
Baja California .
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specino toola •
for tbe sexual and urinary organ* of both
sexes, and a great remedy for disease* of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great ■Rastoratlrsk
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits, no long-winded testimonials necessary '
NABER, ALFS £ BRUNE. Agent* '
m Market Street, a. — (Send for Circular.*
RPTTQWT?Q FOR BARBERS BAK-
DtlUOnLlJ^ bootblacks, bath-
«. ; houses, billiard- tables.
I brewers, bookbinders. candy-makers, canners,
I dyers, - flourmllls. foundries, ' laundries, paper-
j hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
.BUCHANAN BROS., •
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St - "
NEW. WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKKY AND ' WASHINGTON ST3.-RB. \
„> In deled and renovated. KING WARD A
» CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to »i M day - >
(6 to •» week. *8 to $30 month. Free baths; n't
and cold water every room; fire grate* In •»ar»
room j. elevator run* all night, • ",'GEN. PANDO
WOUNDED AT
DOS PALMAS
His Seven Thousand Men
Succeed in Reaching
Santiago.
Pierce Garcia's Lines After a
Stubborn Battle Fought Near
the Invested City.
Special cable to The Call- and the New York
HoraM. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. July s.—An
other of the Spanish leaders. General
Pando, hns fallen in battle, but his
troops; numbering seven thousand,
! in petting into the city
of Santiago. This Interesting news I
i'm refugees who arrived here to
day from Santiago. They came on the
British men-of-war Alert and Pallas
and the Austrian warship Maria Ter
esa.
According to these refugees General
Pando was s.rinusly wounded in the
arm while commanding his troops In
the battle at Dos Palmas, at which
point General Garcia, with several
thousand Cubans, attempted to prevent
his further advance toward Santiago.
After the battle General Pando'a
pded toward the city, finally en
tering "without difficulty. General Pando
was carried along with his troops
now is being cared for on the dis
• tied Spanish cruiser Reina Merce-
Which is lying in Santiago harbor
and is used as a hospital ship.
My information Is that the Cubans
under Garcia, in their efforts to Inter
army, made a stubborn
lisrht. They were no match for the
.; soldiers under the
Spanish general, although they eta
■> progress for a time.
neral Garcia's appearance at Dns
Palmas was In accordance with the
FRAUDS RULED
OFF THE TURF
Latonia Judges Expel
Three Men.
HAD AN ELECTRIC SADDLE
TRIED TO COMPEL ITS USE BY A
JOCKEY.
Artie Duffy, the Cincinnati Politician,
Detected in a Plot to Raid
the Track Betting
Ring.
■ fa tn Th» CalL
wi-NNATI, July B.— Artie Duffy,
jh- Cincinnati horse owner, poolroom
manager and politician, together with
hi« trainer, C. H.I >;->,<, M. and W. B.
Churcher, an electrician, were ruled off
the turf to-day by the judges at the
Latonia race track. The charge
KgainPt the three men was that they
tried to" make Jockey Aker use an elec
tric saddle on horses belonging to dif
ferent-owners. Akers was under oon
■ to Duffy and asked to have his
with him annulled, which led
to tWe investigation.
Duffy did not appear to defend him- |
pelf, and the judges took this as con- j
cfusive evidence that he -was guilty of j
the charge. His horses. Teuton and j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 1 1 t 1 / f*^^^\ \^ it t 1 1 i t •
7 l\u What modest wo-
V/ I l\\\ man does not shrink
a/// I n 1 \\\ from the examina-
%' 11l V\\ tions and local treat-
taV fl'l i\\ ment upon which
"~- V / yf I ll \V Physicians insist
I Ji. 9 \\ \- when treating
' ■ .( NYN V *i : :Y/tf[ II \ weakness and
/^Sl^t/fry \>/'i disease of the or-
« . .. m <«TiZ«L-<^_/ gans distinctly
~~ • feminit For
this reason thousands of women goon suf-
fering untold torture rather than apply to a
physician for help 'It is safe to say that
orie-basf of the women in' America suffer
thus in silence. It is all unnecessary. '
The reproductive organs of women are
directly acted upon by Dr. Pierce Favorite
Prescription It cures all disease and weak-
ness of those delicate organs. It fits a wo-
man for the highest daties of her sex, wife-,
hood and motherhood. If taken during the
expectant period in makes baby's coming
easy and safe and insures the health of the
child. The " Favorite Prescription "is the
discovery of a regularly graduated physi-
cian, an eminent and skillful specialist in
diseases 'of women. Dr. Pierce is, and has
been for thirty years, chief consulting phy-
sician to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical
Institute, at Buffalo. N. Y. His "Favorite
Prescription " does away with' all necessity
for distasteful examinations or. local treat-
ment. It corrects distressing and painful
displacements and irregularities, and cures
where doctors fail.
Dr. -Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
vi- not only tells, you how to get well
when you are ill. but how to stay well, when
you are weil. It contains 1,008 pages and
over 300 illustrations. Over a million wo-
men have a copy. A new edition is just out.
The render may have a paper-covered copy
absolutely kri;e, by sending 2; one-cent
6tamps, to cover the cost of mailing only, to
the World's Dispensary Medical Associa-
tion, at Buffalo. N. Y. If you prefer a -fine
French cloth binding, embossed, send 10
cents extra, 31 cents in all.
plans agreed upon by General Shatter
and the Cuban commander several
days ago. It was feared by both gen
erals that the Cubans under Garcia
would be unable to prevent General
Par.do forcing his way into the city,
owing to superior numbers. But Gen
eral Shatter believed Garcia would be
able to hold Pando in check long
enough to enable the American forces
to the east of the city to gain material
advantages.
From the news brought here by tne
refugees I am unable as yet to give
particulars of the fight at Dob Palmas
between the Cubans and Pando'a men.
All that Is known is that Garcia's band,
although outnumbered two to one,
made a bold stand against the advanc
ing Spaniards and contested the way
for a considerable distance. The Span
iards finally broke through the Cuban
lines, however, and pressed on toward
Santiago, effecting an entrance to the
city from the west.
General Pando was at the head of
hi* troops in the fight with the Cubans.
He passed along the line often, seek
ing to encourage the men at those
points where the fighting was fiercest.
His men were discouraged when he fell
to the ground, suffering from a wound
In hla arm. but they quickly rallied
and forced their way through the Cu
ban columns.
General Pando is the third conspic
uous Spanish leader to fall in battle
since the attack upon Santiago began.
Mike Mullen, are barred from Ameri
can Turf Congress tracks by this deci
sion. Jockey Aker was exonerated
from any wrongdoing in the case. Re
sults:
First race, one mile. Felling— Tincraft
won, Ben Walker second, Van Logic,
third. Time, 1:43%.
Second rac< — Declared off.
Third race, mile and fifty yards sell
ing—Donation won, Elslna second, Paros
third. Tim.-, 1:40.
Fourth race. six furlongs— Azucena |
won, Purity s.-cond, McAllister third.
Time, 1:15%.
Fifth race, fivp furlongs— Schanken i
won Oneita second, Duplicate third. .
Time I
Sixth race, mile, selling— LaGrange won, |
Vlrele i> second, Provolo third. Time,
1 :42%.
Seventh race, one mile, selling— Lord ,
:■ won, McCleary second, Arcturus
third. Time, 1:42%.
CHICAGO, July s.— Results at Wash
ington Park:
First race, seven and a half furlongs—
Yuba Dam won, Cutter second, Frlskal
third. Time, 1:21 V
B< 1 ond race, five furlongs— Canace won,
Mazzie second, Ed Tipton third. Time,
1:OL
Third rare. mil<> and a sixteenth— lmii
won, The Devil second, The Roman third.
Time, 1:40.
Fourth race, mile and a quarter—Al
varado II won. Forte second, Joe Shelby
third. Tim.-. 2:06.
Fifth race, six furlongs and fifty-five
yards— Ben Hadad won, Fonsovannah
second, Mary Black third. Tim.-, 1:18%.
Sixth race, five furlongs— Cambrian
won Qold Fox second, Facade third.
Time-, 1:01.
ST. LOUIS, July 5. — The races were
delayed an hour at the fair grounds
this afternoon on account of the fire
in the stables and several horses that
had been turned loose were withdrawn.
Results:
First race, six furlongs— Night Gown
won, Livadia second, Nora third. Time,
1:15%.
Second race, four and one-half furlongs
—Good Hope won. Celluloid second. Lady
Memphis third. Time. o:f>6%.
Third race, seven and one-half furlongs
— Parthemax won, Aquinas second, Mud
dalo third. Time. 1:36.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards,
celling— Linda won. David second, Sir
Rolla third. Time, 3 :46%.
Fifth race, six and one-half furlongs,
selling— Loving Cup won. Belle Ward sec
ond, St. Augustine third. Time. 1:21%.
Sixth race, six and one-half furlongs,
selling— Siddubia won, Randazzo second,
Lady Callahan third. Time, 1:22*4.
BUTTB, Mont.. July s.— Track fast;
weather pleasant. Results:
First race, five furlongs— P F won. Cima
sfrond. Ben Bolt third. Time, 1:03. Win
ner paid 70 to 1.
Becond ra^*-. four and a half furlongs —
Montana* won, Ballister second, Tag
hanero third. Time, :56.
Third race, ono mile— Barracan won.
Coda second, Velo* third. Time, 1:44.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Dolore
won. William OB second, Camess third.
Time. 1:35.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Distinction
won, Queen Nubia second, March third.
Tim<\ 1:02%.
Sixth rare, five and a half urlongs—Os
culatlon won. Saucy Ryes second, None
Such third. Time, 1:10%.
BUFFALO, July 0.-Flrft race, six fur
longs—Horace won. South Africa second
Dave S third. Time. 1:14.
Second ra^e, four and a half furlongs-
Ten Viking won. Sir Caslmlr second, Con
travene third. Time, :W£.
Third race, Beven furlongs— Mazeppa
won, Judge Qulgley second, Fessy F third.
Fourth rare, mile and a sixteenth, two
year-olds—Semper Madonna won, Jean
[ngelow second, Falella third. Time,
1:08*1.
Fifth race. mile, two-year-olds and up
ward-Marlto won. Flying Dutchman sec
ond, Headlight third. Time I'4l^
Pacer Killed in a Race.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., July s.— ln the sec
ond heat of the 2:18 pace Joe Oantra ran
Into the fence and was killed. Driver Joe
Fletchen was badly Injured.
First race, Louisa M won second, third
and fourth heats. Af lso won first heat.
Best time, 2:l2Vfe. Sheikam, Nell. Caffrey.
Don, Manzanillo, Little Pete, Dan T, Misa
Klopping, Joe Pepper, Cornelia Bell and
Joe Cantra also started.
Second race, Ellen Madison won third,
fourth and fifth hr-ats. Dr. Snellman won
rirst and second. Best time. 2:19%. Satan
and Pilot Lambert also started.
Third race, John Nolan won three
straight h»ats. Major Chew second. Best
time. 2:13%. Querist, George \V. Mc-
Kenncy, Ida Sultan, J B D, Cutting, Bon
na Allorton, Ouybrook. Atair and B C
also started.
At the Chessboards.
VIENNA. July '—l n the twenty-fourth
round of the CheFS Masters' international
tournament, played to-day, Marco and
Alnpln won their games with Showalter
and faro; Plllsbur> beat Maroczy; Leip
eke and Tarrasch drrw; Trenchard lost to
Burn; Tfchigorln and Schlechter drew;
Steinitz and Blackhurne and Halprin and
Janowskl and Baird and "VValbrodt had
to adjourn their games a second time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
DISEMBARKING THE TROOPS FROM THE PEKING, AUSTRALIA AND SYDNEY IN MANILA BAY. THE LANDING WAS MADE NEAR THE OLD
ARSENAL AT CAVITE.
BATTLE FOUGHT
NEAR MANILA
Augusti Ventures From
the City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 5.— A special from
Manila dated July 2 says Captain Gen
' eral Augusti made a sortie for the pur
j pose of repairing the aqueduct which
j supplies the walled city and in an en
| deavor to communicate with General
Monet. The insurgents concentrated
' thtir troops and opposed the sortie,
forcing the Spanish commander to re
! turn to Manila. The insurgents are
said to have suffered severe losses and
the Spaniards are reported to have had
50 men killed and 150 wounded.
MADRID, July s.— The Spanish Con
', sul at Singapore wires the following
message from General Augusti, cap
tain general of the Philippines:
"The situation is unchanged. My fam
ily has succeeded in miraculously es
! caplng from Maeabora in a boat, and,
! having passed through the American
: vessels, all arrived safely at Manila.
"General Monet's column is besieged
and attacked at Maeabora."
There is much comment here over the
news of the departure of the foreign
warships from Manila at the moment
of the arrival there of the American
reinforcements. Only two German, two
French and four British warships now
remain, and people are asking if inter
national politics have undergone a
change, and if the Americans are to
be given a free hand In the Philippine
Islands.
The news received here that the Brit
ish Consul at Hongkong has sent a dis
patch-boat to Manila for the purpose
of informing Rear Admiral Dewey of
the fact that Admiral Camara's squad
i run has traversed the Suez Canal is
1 much commented upon, and the news
j papers assert that the Egyptian and
English authorities purposely placed
obstacles in the way of Admiral Ca
mara's departure in order to delay his
arrival at Manila as long as possible,
adding that the British have more
scruples in maintaining 1 the neutrality
of the Suez Canal than they had when
j they allowed a steamer to leave Hong
i kong leaded with arms for Manila in
: surgents.
WASHINGTON, July s.— As yet the
i State Department has received no con
1 firmation of the statement which
I reaches here from London, that upon
; the arrival at Manila of the American
i land forces, several warships of Ger
many and other European powers
which had been there for some time,
left immediately for other ports. In
official circles, however, the announce
ment is regarded as authentic.
It is pointed out that the only possi
ble pretext under which forces from
foreign men-of-war could have been
landed in Manila would have been the
protection of the lives or interests of
their own countrymen resident there.
State Department officials say that
with the arrival of the American re
inforcements for Admiral Dewey the
1 danger that foreigners In Manila would
i suffer was eliminated from the situation
and that a large number of warships
probably left, merely because their
presence was no longer necessary.
NAVASSA HELD
BY INVADERS
Haytian Band Lowers
Our Flag.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BALTIMORE, July 5.— A special cable
dispatch to the Sun to-day from Kings
ton. Jamaica, says: "The captain of
the schooner Eastern Queen, six days
out from Inagua, reports having called
at Navassa Island to take off the tools
and stores of the American company
which owns the property. He found
the island occupied by a band of Hay
tians who prevented his landing by
threatening to shoot any person setting
foot ashore. They said the island had
been deserted by Americans and was
now in their possession.
"John S. Fowler, president of the
phosphate company which owns the
island, said to-day:
" 'We have not abandoned Navassa,
and when we had to withdraw our
workmen we left the United States flag
flying. All the property on the island
belongs to us. We have notified the
State Department of the reported oc
cupany of the island. Our agent in the
West Indies, who is located at Port au
Prince, Hayti, had arranged with the
administration of the Ha-tian navy to
remove our property. The Haytlans
claimed this island once before, but the
ruling of the State Department, when
Lewis Cass was at its head, decided
their claim out of order and respect has
since been accorded our claim to pos
session.
'" 'We hold the United States Govern
ment responsible for loss, if any may
occur to our property, as the island is
under the United States fiag and only
United States laws apply to its gov
ernment and the discipline ot our em
ployes.
" 'We would continue working the de
posits if we could get ships to load
there. Only this has stopped the busi
ness of exporting and consequently en
tails a loss upon us.' "
PANIC AND
STARVATION
Terrible Situation at
Santiago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 5.— A message
received from General Shafter indi
cates that the situation of the people
of Santiago is terrible. They are not
only panic stricken over the fear of
bombardment, but they are suffering
from lack of the actual necessities of
life. In one of the cable messages.
General Shafter says:
"The town (Santiago) is In a terrible
condition as to food. The people are
starving. Rice is practically the only
staple article of food they have."
Further alunß in the same dispatch
Shafter says that the growing food
crops in the vicinity of the city have
already been utilized by the residents
of the city, and that the only growing
articles of food left are a few man
groves.
Speaking of the troops under his
command, General Shatter says:
"The men are in good spirits and re
markably well."
In the course of another dispatch
General Shafter, referring to the con
dition of those injured, says:
"All the wounded are doing singular
ly well, only one death having oc
curred since the battle."
A private telegram from General
Sumner, formerly colonel of the Sixth
Cavalry, stationed at Fort Meyer, Va.,
near this city, says:
"All Fort Meyer officers are safe and
well."
The glad tidings received from both
General Shafter and General Sumner
concerning the condition of the troops,
and particularly the wounded; will be
received with joy in all parts of the
country.
General Shatter's statement of the
situation at Santiago is borne out by
the condition of the men captured by
the American fleet from the vessels of
Cervera's squadron. They had been on
half rations so long that many of them
were nearly famished, and if they had
not been taught that capture by the
Americans meant death, they would
have welcomed it, because it insured
them good food and plenty of it.
It is learned authoritatively that tre
mendous pressure is being brought to
bear upon the Spanish commander of
Santiago by the foreign Consuls resi
dent in the city to induce him, in the
interests of humanity, to surrender to
the inevitable. The Consuls have com
municated with their Governments
and it is believed here that representa
tions will be made by them to Spain to
induce her to permit the city to sur
render, thereby preventing further loss
of life and property. What the result
of these negotiations may be cannot be
foretold. The opinion is that the Span
iards will fight to the last, and capitu
late only when they are forced to do
so. For that reason any delay of of
fensive action against the city is not
regarded in army circles with favor.
MANY MURDERS AND
DISASTERS AT ST. LOUIS
Fearful Becord of the Glorious Founh. !
as Made in Missouri's
Metropolis.
ST. LOUIS. July o.— Three murders, a I
probably fatal shooting and a death by
burning Is the record for July 4 in St.
Louis. Fred Loos, a huckster, was stab- j
bed to death, and a companion, named ■
Coombs, so seriously cut he cannot live.
A party of men were shooting clay
pigeons on Loos 1 farm near the city yes
terday. Loos returned home from cele
brating, accompanied by Coombs, and re
monstrated with the sportsmen. A light
ensued, resulting in Loos' death.
S. W. Mann, a street car conductor, was
shot and killed while on his car by an
unknown negro, who escaped.
Prank T. Sassc, a bicycle rider, was
shot through the heart and killed in
stantly while wheeling on Locust street.
The man who fired the shot escaped.
Fannie Hittler. a little girl, set fire to
her dress while exploding firecrackers and
was burned to death.
Ed Mlddleton, a negro, was shot in the
neck and will die. The shooting was the
result of an old grudge.
SPANISH SHIPS
TO BE RAISED
BY WRECKERS
Sampson Reports Tfyat Several
of the Enemy's Vessels Can
Be Recovered.
NEW YORK, July 5.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
"I think it may be practicable to raise the Cristobal Colon and pos
sibly one or two other ships." This is the reply made by Rear Ad
miral Sampson to Secretary Long's cablegram of yesterday inquiring if
it would be possible to float any of the wrecked Spanish men-of-war
and add them to the American navy. Immediately upon its receipt As
sistant Secretary Allen gave consideration to the employment of wreck
ing companies to proceed at once to Santiago and take charge c-f the
work of raising the ships and of removing from them all valuable
equipment.
After a consultation with Judge Advocate General Lemly, Mr. Allen
sent a telegram to Mr. Chapman of the Chapman & Merritt Wrecking
Company of New York, requesting him to come to Washington this
evening and confer with him regarding the raising of the Spanish
men-of-war. Mr. Chapman failed to put in an appearance to-night and
the conference will probably be held to-morrow morning.
Secretary Long and Assistant Secretary Allen propose to exhaust
every effort to recover the Spanish ships. The Cristobal Colon, which
probably can be saved, according to Rear Admiral Sampson, was not
greatly damaged by the gun fire of the American ships. I understand
Rear Admiral Sampson made this statement in his dispatch. He failed
to mention the names c-f the other ships which he thought could be
recovered, but the authorities have no hesitation in stating that the
vessels he refers to cannot be the torpedo-boat destroyers.
Chief Naval Constructor Hiehborn said to me to-day that he thought
there was a probability of raising the Cristobal Colon and all the equip
ment of the other ships.
REA PRESSES
THE BUTTON
San Jose School Board
Dances.
PROFESSOR SMITH OUSTED
"BOSS" OBEYED AND PUBLIC
IGNOBED.
Office Held by Mrs. Clement Abol
ished as Punishment for
Opposition to t*»*
Gang.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July s.— The City Board
of Education carried out "Boss" Rea's
programme nt the meeting to-night and
formally dismissed Professor Leigh R.
Smith from the vice principalship of
the High School and abolished the of
fice of Deputy Superintendent of
. Schools, held by Mrs. A. B. Clement.
The meeting was largely attended by
those interested in school matters, but
the board never faltered in the work
i cut out for it by the "boss." in spite of
i the strong condemnation that has been
aroused by the board's recent action.
At a meeting of the old board, before
• the new members took their seats, reso-
l utions were read from the Good Gov
! ernment League of Santa Clara County
denouncing the dismissal of Professor
Smith as political trickery. It was
stated the "teachers should be selected
I solely for their fitness and efficiency
I and not as a reward for political fa
1 vors, and, when faithful, should not be
! removed to make place for political fa
'• vorites or as punishment for refusing
to obey the orders of political bosses
and rings."
Resolutions from the Woman's Club
and the Pastors' Union also, asking the
board to reinstate Professor Smith,
were read.
The new board then organized with
E H Wemple as chairman. Trustees
■f" O'Neil and R. J. Langford were
CASTORIA
For Infants and: Children,
ilfflila * ' /^^T mmm^^^ m I* "
seated. F. P. Russell was elected City
Superintendent of Schools.
Trustee Graham presented the report
of the classification committee, recom
mending that Professor Leigh Smith be
dropped from the faculty of the High
School and that Charles B. Gleason be
elected in his stead. The report rather
monogrammatically stated that "Prof.
Smith's work has not been entirely sat
isfactory nor his attitude in harmony
with the plans and ideas of the Board
of Education for several years past. In
1894-95 we consider him largely respon-
ADVERTISEMENTS. . . . ' *: ;
iiiiiiSisfiiil:
♦ • ■ .+ ■
X Another Grateful Man Praises This Won- +.
+ derful Belt. . . '• . .^ •.-..
■*" . ... - - . - _ ■ ■♦"•••;
■f , V * Ny^^<!^> ,;^y '"^^^ , >^^ /^ r * 7^ • " " '•"^ ; •
: Dr.Sanden Electric Belt : •
X (Free Suspensory for Weak Men). *• '.
4- Dr. Sanden's success during the past year has been remarkable. Tha 4--*
+ cures made by his famous Electric Belt have caused his name to be spo- . + '. ,
a. ken in gratitude by men and women in every town in the West. Ilia' .
"*" Belt cures so many complaints after the failure ff drugs and all other" T-. "
♦ kinds of Belts that it is better than a doctor to a«sick man. • ■♦-.
YOU CAN'T DOUBT THIS PROOF. 4 $\.
"*" DR A T SANDEN— Sir: Your favor or the loth lnst. is before. m« 4-
+ and contents noted. -If I. mistake not I sent, you a letter • two ■ months : ag» .
4. of my complete restoration to health. I feel that I am perfectly well and
t am, and always will be, glad to testify to the pood qualities of your Belt £
♦ and to your honest and upright way of doing business. Man j- thanks for. >■
l; your otter of advice, and. when I am in need of it I will be glad to consult :S-t
"*" you. I will always keep ona of your Belts in. my house. Yours, gratefully.
+ J. D. NASH, Blame, Wash. ,^r,|
X IT CURES ALL WEAKNESS IN MEN.
x : "It gives : strength, which makes men of physical wrecks. It restores +. T
the' old vim and energy. . Read the book. "Three Classes of Men," sent .
*■ eealad, free, upon application.'
s X DR. A, T. SANDEN, NOT IN DRUG STORES. + l
■f TO2 Market 8tr««l, Comer Ke»rny, 8»n Franelsso. ■♦•
+ Offlce hours. 8 A. M. to 8 P. 'M. '• Sundays. -'' Dr - Sanden's -"Electric Belt a
•T" Office hours, BA. M. to BP. M. ; ounaays, . _„ a .._ r , lw stnros »
.10 to L Branches at Los Angeles. Cal. 204* nor by traveling atems on!y 4-
♦ South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washing- . D? l^,,* *J«^Jf 8 agents.. only "♦%
> ton street; Denver. Col.. 931 Sixteenth street: at our ornce. . 4.
Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street. *~ ~ * +
±& t±^±±±±l^^ ±& ±^ ±±^ t^
sible for certain inharmony in the. . •■
srhool. In 1896 only five pupils of a: •
class of 38 were entitled to recommen- .■
dation in Latin to matriculate at th& ••/.:
University of California and of five ■•'
only two were entitled to full recSom- ; ."•.'
mendation; as vice principal he has - ■■
been a failure, taking no interest fri '. " '. ■
the discipline of the school ahd speak- .;. : ."
ing disparagingly of the rules and reg- . :.••
ulations of school, spent the time in-- .•";..
gratiating himself with the pupils by , '
giving them higher marks than de--;
served; at recent banquet faculty ana
Board were assailed by an impertinent . '; :
speech believed to have been inspired " :{
by Prof. Smith, and that it is impossl- ';
ble for Prof. Smith and the present facr .
ulty of the school to get along harmo
niously."
The report was signed by Graham :
and- Kenyon. ■•■ . . [
A communication from the Union
Battlefield Veterans was read, asking
for Smith's, dismissal and praising the. . .
war records of the committee signing' •
the report. The signers were W. J.
Wollcott, Major Starck, Colonel L. L.
Nattinger and H. T. Welch. They sat
in close proximity and prompted the
secretary in the reading of their ego
tistical report. • • .
Trustees Langford and Graham said .
it was necessary to dismiss Smith to
have harmony in the scnool. O'Neil was
not sure but Smith was getting the
worst of it and he would have voted ....
for him but for the fact that Henry
French was chairman of a mass-meet- :
ing called in Smith's behalf.
On a vote on the adoption of the refr •
port all voted aye— Wemple, Kenyon,
Graham, Langford, O'Neil.
Trustee raham introduced a resolu
tion abolishing the office of JDepufy
School and dismissing '
Mrs. A. B. Clement, who formerly held,
the position, from the department. It ;
stated that Miss Irene Hankenson, who ;
recently was elected to the position', .
was not eligible because of not having ■
been a resident of the ctiy for two " : -
years. All voted aye on the matter eat-;;
cept O'Neil. . .
Charles B. Gleason. who Is elected; to' ■ }
Professor mit i's place, is a graduate •'..''
of Harvard, where he received the de- '. '
grees of A. B. and A. M. He took a : '-. •
post graduate course at the University -.'
of California. He comes highly recom--. '•.
mended from both Harvard and Berke- ;.'
ley, and is considered one of the best-.. ::
Latin and Greek teachers. He has been .-.'
principal of the Redlands and Chino- •
high schools and is at present in Loa .
Angeles.
Valley Road Grade Completed: . •
VISALIA, July s.— Grading on the Val- •""
ley road from Corcoran Junction to Vlsa
lia is completed. The graders will now
commence work on the Southern Paciflo
extension from Visalia to Exeter. ' _ . r
34
AFRAID OF A
BOMBARDMENT
All Who Can Afford It
Leave Cadiz.
FFAR AN AMERICAN FLEET
ANXIETY INCREASED BY RUMOR
OF CAMARA'S RETURN.
Now There Is a Pretense of Strength
ening Fortifications and Form
ing a Squadron to Protect
Home Ports.
Special cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
CADIZ, July 5. — The people are great
ly alarmed at the prospects of bom
bardment by an American fleet. All
who are able to afford it are leaving
town.
This anxiety was particularly notice
able when the news transpired that the
Campana Transatlantic Company re
ceived a telegram alleging that Ca
mara was returning. This was popu
larly taken as an Indication that Spain
was afraid to let them go, preferring to
utilize them for coast defenses. The
anxiety of the population and the au
thorities is really serious.
The San Felipe battery Is Just getting
an extension. One hundred meters
have been completed. It has now been
decided to run it out another 100 meters,
placing therein another row of ordi-
nary guns.
The Isla de Luzon is mounting guns
for coast defense and will Join the
coasting gquadron, which Is to be
formed of the converted trans-Atlantic
vessels, the Alfonso XIII, Cludad de
Cadiz and Aletero. Daily practice goes
on with heavy land guns.
Dupuy de Lome has left for Madrid.
He is very reserved and unwilling to
talk, but evidently is seriously appre
hensive, even his ordinary remarks be
ing tinged with no hopefulness. He
held long conferences with Senor Na
jera of a serious character, which was
kept impenetrably secret.
PROMOTIONS AND
MEDALS FOR THE
NAVAL HEROES
NEW YORK, July 5.— A "Washington
special to the Her&ld says: President
McKinley will send a message to Con
gress some day this week, probably to
morrow, announcing the destruction of
Admiral Cervera's fleet and commend
ing Rear Admiral Sampson and the of
a and men under his command to
the consideration of that body.
The reward which will be given to
Rear Admiral Sampson will be as great
as that given Rear Admiral Dewey. It
is proposed that he shall receive the
thanks of Congress and be promoted
one grade. He will receive a sword
and the men under his command will
receive medals in commemoration of
their services in the battle.
Rear Admiral Sampson will be called
upon to name th? officers under his
command deserving of promotion and
as soon as his report is received some
of the officers of his command will be
nominated for advancement in their
present grades.
What will be done for Commodore
fichley, who commanded a division of
the fleet, and Comynodore Watson, who
also was present, cannot now be defi
nitely stated.
It Is estimated by the department of
ficials that at least $390,000 will be
divided among the men.
NOMINATIONS AS
SENT TO THE SENATE
Additional Names of Ofricers Chosen
for the Regular and Volun-
teer Service.
WASHINGTON, July s.— The President
to-day sent these nominations to tha Sen
ate:
Regular army quartermastar's depart
ment—Charles D. M. Loeffler, District of
Columbia, to be military store keeper,
with rank of captain.
Volunteer Infantry, Third Regiment-
To be captains, Charles V. . Maddox, Wil
liam Y. Carter, Jefferson Wilcox, of Geor
gia.
PJighth Regiment— To be captain, Reu
ben V. Baskette of Tennessee; to be first
lieutenant, Richard E. Toomey private
Company C, Eighth Volunteer Infantry'
Volunteer engineers. Second Regiment-
To be captain, Thomas W. A. Draper of
Colorado; to be first lieutenants— E
Storrer Tice of Colorado, Frederick J
Mills of Idaho, Frederick C. Turner of
California, Frank L. Brlttain of Califor
nia, Lawrence I*. Butler, sergeant. Com
pany I, Fourth Missouri Volunteers; to be
second lieutenant. Thomas Cooney of
Montana.
SPANIARDS SPEAK
OF HEAVY LOSSES
AMONG AMERICANS
Special cable to The Call and the Now York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MDRID, July 6.— Spaniards to
whom I have spoken say that after all
Santiago is not very important, and
that it is not yet captured. Further they
say the - difficulties of Americans by no
means " have ended, but on the con
trary have only Just commenced; that
Americans have up to now not met any
big force of Spaniards, and that taking
Sanxiago by no means ends the war,
but merely Is a severe blow. The losses
of Americans, both by Spanish bullets
and more still by the Cuban climate,
Is widely commented upon. It Is esti
mated that if the Americans lose 2000
men in taking Santiago, they will lose
five times that number in an attempt
to capture Havana.
First New York Comes* West.
NEW YORK, July s.— Deputy Quar
termaster Colonel Kimball, at the
Army building this morning, received
a telegram from Adjutant General Cor
bin, at Washington, canceling the or
der directing him to arrange for the
transportation of the First New York
Provisional Regiment from the harbor
forts to the cruiser St. Paul. The First
New York Regiment will go to San
Francisco as originally Intended, leav
ing on Thursday.
Naval Veteran Dead.
SAN DIEGO, July s.— Captain Matthew
Sherman, a noted naval veteran and ex-
Mayor of San Diego, and prominent in
the Mexican war, died here this morn
ing- of paralysis.
Death of William Carlisle.
NEW YORK, July s.— William Carlisle
died to-day at Vhe home of his father
John G. Carlisle, ex-Secretary of the
Treasury.
Naval Constructor William J. Baxter, IT. S. N., is at present in
charge of the construction and repair department of the United
States Navy Yard at Mare Island, Cal. There is a little more than
ordinary interest attached to this officer of the navy at the present
time in view of the fact that he either repaired or superintended the
fitting out of every ship which now composes Admiral Dewey's fleet
at Manila. He had been on duty at two of the largest navy yards in the
United States before coming to this coast — New York and Norfolk, Va.
At the latter yard he was senior assistant in the building of the Ra
leigh, now in command of Captain Joseph B. Coghlan at Manila. Ho
is one of the brightest and brainiest men in the naval constructor
corps, is only 38 years of age, stands number eleven on the list of
naval constructors, and has about 1000 men under bis immediate su
pervision.
DEBATE ON
ANNEXATION
Hoar Against Territorial
Expansion.
BUT FAVORS TAKiNG HAWAII
HIS SPEECH STYLED BY LIND.
SAY A POETICAL APOLOGY.
Then the Kentuckian Argues Against
the Taking of the SaDdwich
Islands, on Constitutional
Grounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July s.— The debate
on the Hawaiian resolutions continued
to-day in the Senate. Three speeches
were made. Hoar of Massachusetts
in advocating annexation made a not
able appeal against any policy of gen
eral territorial expansion as a sequence
to the war. Lindsay of Kentucky op
posed the resolutions, directing his at
tack principally against their consti
tutionality. White of California re
sumed his Bpeech In opposition.
Hoar said the sole question so far as it
■was vital was simply whether the United
States would admit into Immediate rela
tionship territory and people already in
a situation that made them a part or the
Union. By a long established policy Ha
waii could not be taken with or with
out the will of the Islanders by any other
power The United States already had
Pearl Harbor and the pending proposi
tion only proposed to make that posses
sion more secure and extend to the peo
ple of Hawaii blessings which we ex
pressly declared they should not secure
from any other great power. He contend
ed annexation would extend the domain
° "iijelleve," said Hoar, "that if we come
out of this war without entering on the
fatal folly of retaining far distant posses
sions the world will be so impressed with
our strength that no nation will attack
us for a hundred years."
Hoar was proceeding to discuss the
danger of making the war one of con
ouest and was sounding a warning against
it He spoke of the war being the act of
a great nation, bearing relief to an op
creWd people, in accord with the spirit
of a great nation that was actuated by a
broader humanity than that which re
g^As said Pettus of Ala
bama "does the Senator from Massachu
setts believe this country can take Cuba
a! its own, or does the Senator not think
that the United States is bound in honor
t0 "Tne IJnHed' States." replied Hoar "can
not take Cuba unless it ceases to be the
U He e said t H t would be a crime of the coun
try in the present war to go farther than
the annexation of the Sandwich Islands—
a matter Bubstantially decided upon by
the people of the United States long be
fore the war was thought remotely prob
"Th«* starry emblem is no emblem of do
minion." he cried. "In time of peace let
it not fly over conquered territory. It is
the emblem of peace and freedom.'
Lindsay (D.) of Kentucky spoke when
Hoar concluded. He complimented the
latter's speech, Paying the country was
well repaid for the prolongation of the
debate to a point where the Massachu
setts Senator spoke. "It was in the nature
of a poetical apology for an act about to
be taken, which, if not unconstitutional,
is certainly extra-constitutional," said
Lindsay, "a"nd it was also a patriotic pro
test against a policy of colonial expan-
Lindsay then proceeded In opposition to
the resolutions. He said that in refue
lng to recognize the Cuban republic and
taking upon ourselves the authority to es
tablish a government in the island, we
would make the Government dependent
upon its creator and ready to turn the
island over to the United States, as it
was now proposed to do with Hawaii.
His argument was directed against the
annexation resolutions on constitutional
grounds.
Lindsay's argument aroused more than
usual interest. At its conclusion White
(D.) of California resumed his speech,
begun many days ago, in opposition to
annexation. He defended the opposition
to annexation against charges of being
unpatriotic, enming from individuals and
the press. White yielded shortly befora
X o'clock, and Davis moved an executive
session.
At 5:14 p. m. the Senate adjourned.
Murderess Sentenced.
LOS ANGELES, July s.— Mary Garcia,
who was with her husband, Pedro Gar
cia, convicted of the murder of Charles
Collins, was to-day sentenced to ten
years In San Quentln. She had two trials
Pedro Garcia received a life sentence
some weeks ago. They killed Collins with
an ax for his money..
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
CONFLAGRATION
AT DUNSMUIR
Twenty - five Buildings
Destroyed.
WIND AIDS THE FLAMES
WATER SYSTEMS PROVE TO BE
INADEQUATE.
Loss Estimated at Between Fifty and
Sixty Thousand Dollars,
With Very Little
Insurance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DUNSMUIR, July s.— Fire starting at
2 o'clock this morning in the rear of S.
H. Smith's lodging house destroyed two
entire blocks, crossing th-> street and
burning the railway library building
and section house. The fir* was uncon
trollable, owing to a heavy north wind.
The stationary engine at the machine
shop had no steam up, and the three
water systems were inadequate to sub
due the flames, ""his is the third time
within six months that fire has started
in the same place.
Twenty-five buildings were destroy
ed. Back of the main street the resi
dence portion wa: threatened, but the
wind changed and saved it. The large
carshop building was saved through
the vigilant work of Master Car Builder
Charles Gill, vho had Just arrived from
clearing the wreck near Kennet.
There was an explosion of volatile
material in the drugstore and grocery
store, where were stored tanks of oil
and gasoline. The explosion caused
consternation among the fire fighters
and those trying to escape. Mrs. S. H.
Smith was injured, being badly burned
about the head and arms.
The loss is estimated between $50,000
and $60,000. W. J. Branstetter, the
Dunsmuir Herald, L. Van Fossen,
drugstore, and L. Boylan, dry goods,
are the heaviest losers. The entire loss
Is covered by only $6000 insurance.
Tries to End His Life.
LOS ANGELES, July s.— James Corwln,
a well-known building contractor, shot
himself in the breast with a revolver at
Sycamore Grove, a road house on the
Pasadena road, this morning. He had
been drinking heavily. The ball just
missed the heart. He will probably die.
To Prison for Life.
SACRAMENTO, July 5.— Antonio Reme
das, a Spaniard, who pleaded guilty to
criminal assault, his victim being a girl
7 years old, was to-day sentenced by
Judge Hart to life imprisonment in the
Folsom penitentiary.
Death Strikes in Vallejo.
VALLEJO, July s.— Henry Connolly, one
of the oldest residents of Vallejo, died
this morning. He leaves a widow, three
sons and three daughters.
ADVSBTISEMENTS.
Schilling's Best coffee
REFUNDING
AMENDMENT
Left Hanging- to the
Deficiency Bill.
HOUSE VOTES UPON IT TO-DAY
MINORITY FIGHTS FOR AN EX-
TENDED DEBATE.
Maguire Reads Telegrams From Cali
fornia Protesting Against Delay
in Collecting From Pacific
Roads.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July s.— At the
opening of the House Chaplain Couden
made a feeling reference to the events
at Santiago.
Payne (R.) of New Tork presided In
the absence of Speaker Reed, who was
detained In New Tork.
A bill was passed providing for local
inspection of mates, engineers and pi
lots of ail steam vessels and all barges
in tow of steam vessels, on the great
lakes, and the masters and chief mates
of sail vessels of over 700 tons, and the
bill was amended to permit inspection
of all sail vessels carrying passengers
on application.
The Senate amendments to the bill
for the pay of the army from enroll
ment to the muste.'ng in were con
curred in and the bill now goes to the
President.
The partial conference report on the
general deficiency bill, leaving only the
Pacific Railroad refunding amendment
open, was adopted.
The minority fought for an extended
debate on the excepted amendment.
Maguire (D.) of California asked for
three days, but agreement was reached
for a vote at 4 o'clock to-morrow.
After passing a bill to print 75,000 addi
tional copies of the bankruptcy law, Can
non, chairman of the appropriations com
mittee, opened the debate on the Pacific
railroads. Cannon spoke of the wisdom or
the Senate amendment, and said it wns
the duty now of Congress to secure the
collection of the great amount of indebt
edness due the treasury of the country.
He denied that these roads had. not paid
anything for thirty years. He was not
ready to say whether or not there should
have been better legislation to develop
that great country west of the Missouri
"But " he added, "we find here to-day
this great indebtedness of $r.9.000,000 to the
Government, with $25,000,000 ahead of It as
a first lion on the property, covering a
railroad without terminals."
The atrrpomfnt contemplated in the
amendment, he pointed out. would be
marie under the white light of public criti
cism and there should, therefore, be no
apprehensions as to result*.
Maguire followed in opposition. He said
he favored the existing law against these
companies, and believed there was no rea
son for legislation to complicate the rela
tions existing between the Government
and these Pacific railroads. He asserted
It was proposed to prevent the Govern
ment from dealing with the men who
want to operate it, to prevent the Govern
ment from opening the matter of purchase
to all bidders and confine the Government
through the proposed commission to dick
ering " and negotiations with men who
want to buy it to prrvent competition.
Maguire concluded by reading numerous
telegrams from California protesting
against any extension or delay of the pay-
Barham (TO of California had read an
amendment he will offer to-morrow pro
viding that unless the settlement author
ized is perfected within one year after the
passage of the act the President shall "at
onco proceed to foreclose all liens and se
curities now held by the Govemmc:'
against the companies and to collect that
indebtedness.
Powers *R.> of Vermont, chairman of
the House committee on Pacific railroads,
spoke of the results of the construction of
the lines and paid a tribute to their pro
moters.
The House at 4:57 p. m. adjourned until
to-morrow. _^_______^__ — ..
MANILA TWINE IS
VERY SCARCE AND DEAR
Blockade of the Philippines Threat-
ens to Create a Cordage Dearth
Throughout the World.
NEW YORK, July s.— The World says:
Admiral Dewey's blockade of the Philip
pines threatens to create a cordage dearth
throughout the civilized world. It has
doubled the price of Manila rope and
twine in this country, and by doubling tne
price of Manila hemp has made fortunes
for manufacturers who had large stocks
In reserve.
John Goode, of cordage fame, discussed
the situation at the machine works on
Park and Washington avenues, Brooklyn.
"It will require/ he said, "about luU,
000,000 pounds of Manila twine to bind this
year's wheat crop in the United States.
From the closest estimates we can make
! we find that the present supply of Ma
nila hemp outside of the Philippine
Islands will be exhausted in three months.
"In that event the great Western wheat
farms would soon have no binding ma
terial to use in their reapers and might
have to go back to the old-fashioned
method of binding their sheaves with
straw. This would be a tremendous task
in the fields, which cover miles upon
miles of territory, and might result In the
loss of much of the grain through ex
posure to the weather. Sisal twine, tho
material for which comes from Mexico,
might be substituted In the reapers for
the Manila, but the supply of that is
limited, and would certainly not be suffi
cient to meet the demand. You may gain
some idea of the immensity of the de
mand when I tell you the 150,000,000 pounds
of twine required this year by the farm
ers would cost them about $15,000,000. Since
the war began the price of Manila hemp
has run up from 4 to 8% cents a pound.
Tulare County Valuations.
VISALJA, July s.— The total assessed
valuation of Tulare County is $13,331,00fi,
a decrease from last year of about s27o,ooo.
summer resort
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads where there are no postal facilities
can have The Cali thrown off at their camp by sending nam: and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral, Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing. Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet,
Handball, Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children. J^ ; .„;,
RATES— and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week. .•-_.' ■; •
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC_ ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart In America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel ' fishing In the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage rids.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, da: 'ing, pyrotechnic*, water
carnival. *tr.- -
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always. open; modern appointments; efficient
management. • .
ISLAND VILLA
Open July l. SPLENDID AIiKAN'OEMENI
for campers. .
Full Information, rates and Illustrated pam-
phlets. - -
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.. .•
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles. Cal.
SARATOGA ill
L«ke> County, Cat;
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and dally mail.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street. F.
A. BUSSE. ■■■■h,--
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
iVlonterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market st., S. F.. $S; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
ftl/ A rtf)g> noT srnrvns, Sonoma Co
\K |i \m ll\ Only 4H hours from S. F. and
UIVnvUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate: good trout
reams at door; photographers room; tele-
phone telegraph! dally mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 60: take Tlburoa
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $3 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. - J. F. MULQREW. Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer. *
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee in the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded ;by magnificent trees of •an unbroken
forest The Ideal spot for families because It Is
clean no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank- of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. 110.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINQ. Manager.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in • the heart of the redwoods, four
miles from Glenwotiu, County of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain scenery; elevation 1900
feet Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. _ Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. . Cottages for families. Stage line 800,
over a mountain boulevard, wheri> the nicest
scenery is to be seen of this and other counties.
Bcenery Address L. PF.RHACS, Glenwood.
CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via rib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths Hotel completely remodeled end • refur-
nished. Water, gas, electric bells. Twites $10 to
»12 per week. $2 per day. Address AQUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Caliente. Sonoma Co..
Cal.
HOTEL BEN VENUE,
Lakepopt, Cal. ■'■■■ .-
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fin*
large grounds: special facilities for families
and children; home cooking, boating, bathing,
fishing; rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES. V.f >
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful . waters; ■ all kinds of skin
diseases cured In marvelously short time; kid-
ney liver, catarrh, rheumatism and - stomach
troubles immediately relieved; rates $10 to $18
per week. - Long-distance telephone. Address
5. A. HATS. Proprietor. Lake County. \; "v
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles f rum Hopland; unequaied soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottages; terms *10, to «12 per - week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL.
Proprietor. Hopland.. Ccl. . ' '.
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe). elevation - 6507 feeet, < opens ' J u nt
1 Fine accommodations. - Cottages with pri-
vate baths and ■■ open fires. Table unsurpassed.
R. R. rates, »13 60 for ROUND TRIP. J. 8.
LIBBT. room 1. Flood building, San Franclioo,
HAYWARDS.
, IF YOU...
~~~~' 1 Are seeking for a de-
s£<^ Hghtful and healthful
_^«2S*£»v resort for the summer
" japfcK months for your family,
l^^S^BiS^ 1 not bo remote from
Tnntfflfflffl ISn* 1 town but that you can
C i' Bri fiM!Jt>?'ff l'll be with them without
• *r I neglecting your busi-
ness.
IF YOU ..... Are in search of a good
table and • comfortable sleeping apartments
only 1& hours 1 travel from San Francisco, with
half hourly communication, day and evening;
IF IT IS .... Your wish to confine
your summer's outing by a moderate outlay,
ycur attention is directed to
Haywards Park, at the Terminus of the Oakland,
San Lsandro and Haywards Electric Railway.
OR IF YOU . • Are fond of tenting,
here . you will ttnd a large number of commo-
dious platforms arranged convenient to the
hotel dining room, on one of which you may j
erect your tent.
A choice musical programme is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of the 1
club house. The cars of the company run ,
into the park. The monthly commutation rate
is only $5: room and board, $8 per week; board
for campers. $5 per week. Campers and room-
ers have the rame service from attendants.
Address MRS. DORA SHANE, Haywards
Club House. :■": ■* .-- ! - ■ -
gILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Under new management.
A . £3£2
MECCA $2?
For the annual seeder aFter
: .-' fa * ;■'■.' ■■;■ % Repose and recuperation. -
Only. three and a hall hours from San Francises*
■ Stage connects with the '2:4s p. m. train >"*""'.
' From Third and Townsend streets.
' PIERRE CARRSRE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Maison Tortonl and Poodle Dog
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
-ST- OAKLAND,:
W^^w^i 13th an(J Jefferson sts<
"A&^t^'lJ! £ 'iYvaakl Only 35 minutes
it&^CSiw^ffAVM^ ' from San Fran-
[jijjsl.] ? iiJJ- ! i^i^2jfe] cisco.
j-'dasf^tllpVS3Ji| A Desirable Summer
'i.*^2^rSL^ and Winter Resort for
Families, Travelers
R. M. BRIARE, Prop. and Tourists.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River.
t hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall . and dining-room In Santa Crux
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop., South Ben
Lomond. - -
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
Park House and cottages. New management.
Fine grounds. Fish pond, boating. Grand scen-
ery. Solid comfort. Fresh milk and fruit. Livery
connected. $8 week. R. H. BANFILL, Prop.
/H X-*« *»'■'•■"" -'"^ No staging to there.
Iw4 1 1 IJk no,; fog, mosquitoes ,cr
/~B>H.BIaL& winds when you are
+■■*—*'*■ m . there. Table unsurpassed."
Rates no. $12. $14 a week.
S .•>••-■■; Round .trip tickets $7. W.
11)i-4*4 #0 £V C L. Mitchell, Manager:
flriliy Vf. V. Owen. Agent. Call
1/1 llfi^tJ Building.
orVI-IJT -A r*irv springs,
nSDWAIiBI PUTAH P. 0.,
1 1HJ' ▼▼ ftlV^; LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed. "'.
Rates $8 $10 and 412. ■ Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone. " .
Round trip. $10. Southern Paclflo office, 811
Address MR3. R. J. BEEBT^
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
ewimmlng tank 100x40; temperature • xjt water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis,, croquet, riding,
driving, $10 to $12 per week: two trains dally;'
four houls from city, Telephone.
E. ANGWIN, Angwin, Napa " County." Cal.
ynnnn i nrc And good treat-
UUUU LLVIV ment go hand In
. hand at HOTEL OISELMAX.
Lakeport, Cal.
A. H. SPUR R, Proprietor.
SUMMIT SODA
' .'. SPRINGS.
' On line of.C.'P.' R. R. Elevation, 6003 test.
Daily mall. : Telephone connection?. ■ New ac-
commodations. Open; June L". Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer. Placer Co.. CaJ..-
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious llmct*: pic-
turesque  scenery; ■ mountain walka; ■ pure
spring water; beautiful drives; • pine -groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for |
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and i
health culture In a short time. Adireaa St.
Helena Sar.'«arium. St. Helena. CaJ. ,
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
.Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant i
walks through shady canyons. - Hunting and '
fishing. Table supplied with fresh, vegetables ;
fruits, butter, milk and eggs. . /A- delightful j
country home. Free ■■ conveyance at depot: $7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER, LJloverdale, Cal. |
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from '■ Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout , fishing, plenty -: fruit, - cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or ;
more; • grand led wood : scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seavlew. Sonoma. County, or :
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St.. S. F.. for par-
ticulars. - v ' ■ -i* ■■•■■.
KLAMATH IIOT SPRINGS. |
_._ ,
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coasu
For particulars write to EDSO^i BROS., Sea-
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA. :i: i
OTTO E. NEVER ...'....'..Proprleto* .
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.;: •. . -. . '. . ■[
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. . .
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEIi AND COTTAGES.
PATH ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE. '•
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINEHAIi
springs In America; all Mads of amuse- .
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bawl-
Ing alley. First-class accommodations; rate*
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
Ban Francisco office. 316 Montgomery atreab •
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal. -
MURK WESTSPRIHGS
The most picturesque resort In California. Haa
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such "as Soda, Sul- .
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; "plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shufffe-board, croquet ■
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
— — - — i —
THE GEYSERS, ■[
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francises •■
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. ' •
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, alennt
porcelain tubs, tennis court, eta. J :
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATH 9 '
Tepid Swimming ~.ake. Long-distance Tele- -
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsnrpaaaad.
Terms. $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 BOdS
flay. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor .
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.) • ! '-
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from ' '
June 11. Address IRA, Q. HOITT\
JOHANNISBERG. .; ; - ••
Famoun mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. . Relief for asthmauS
Fishing, boating;, hunting and swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to •
JOHANNISBERO RESORT. Napa, CaL ' ' "
calaverasJbig trees.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. Fare S. F. to Calaveraa
Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH- '
INGS, Agent, 30 Montgomery street.
.TO the country we go^-We will meet you at • "
: the depot; good accomodations; desirable lo-
cation; terms $7; Children $3 50. E. M. SHEL-
FORD, Pleasant View ranch, Cloverdale, Cal.
COUNTRY board, near Sonoma; private fain- • •
ily: good home; terms reasonable. MRS EL • '
CHELIXI. Sonoma. .' • v - v
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— "WeekiJ
Call, In wrapper.' ■ for mailing.
WEEKLY .: ■;•';
\jj\ l_iLi.
ci It Publishes- the Cream of tht' °
gj News of the Week and
01 MANY ATTRACTIVE f AND :
ol :.: ORIGINAL FEATURES.
f*\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
C< • PAPER ON THE
J ' Pacific coast
O< TL n \ • / • ■ . T-
3. The Best V . Mining °
~J Telegraphic X/ • News That
3 Service on /V. Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \ \& U p to datt
©( Not a Line of it Sensational ' -
01 or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uninteresting.
°S B x,? ht - f 'r 1?'1 ?' A Champoa of If
_1 Thoughtful. i ruth. j
2 * CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
jj .• ' j ' ALL THE TIME.
2 "{^^TES T~SEVTBT
1 . HOME v ■•-'. I MAIL ■ " SI ■>■
©< INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR *REGULAR TROOPS WILL SA IL
FOR MANILA NEXT MONDAY
BRIGADIER GENERAL. MAR
CUB P. MILLKH, a soldier with
record of gallant service in bat
tle and an artillery officer of ac-
knowledged ability, will probably
command the troops of the fourth ex
pedition to the Philippines. No offi
cial order assigning General Miller to
the command has been promulgated,
but a decision to that effect has been
reached and may be announced in a
day or two.
Definite intelligence was received at
the Presidio yesterday that six troops
of the Fourth United States Cavalry
•would be ordered to Join the expedi
tion. The troopers will go whether or
not a ship can be secured to take the
horses. Cavalry soldiers have already
taken a conspicuous part in the fight
ing of the present war. The list of
casualties wired from Santiago con
proof that the dismounted
troopers of General Shafter's army sus
tained heavy losses. The hardest fight
ing is generally done by the regiments
suffering the greatest losses in battle,
and when official reports are in it will
be found that the organizations which
are mentioned in such glowing terms
by the press correspondents have not
sustained losses in battle equal to those
endured by the regiments which had
no newspaper correspondents with
them to record their achievements on
the field.
The st-amers Teru and City of Pu
<pbla will be dispatched from this port
next Monday for Manila. The two
phlps will accommodate 2000 troops and
It was settled yesterday that regulars
would constitute the major part of the
expedition.
Orders Issued from State headquar
ters yesterday announce that Colonel
- Park Henshaw. having been appointed
colonel of the Kiphth California United
States Volunteer Infantry, Is relieved
from duty as Inspector general of rifle
practice to enable him to accept his
commission, and that Lieutenant Col
onel John F. Burgin, A. D. C. on the
staff of Governor Budd, commander-ln
chlef, is appointed colonel and inspec
tor general of rifle practice. The ap
pointment of Francis Edwin Beck as
lieutenant colonel and aide-de-camp on
the staff of the commander-in-chief. Is
announced in the orders. Colonel Beck
1? an accountant in the Anglo-Califor
nian Bank of this City.
FIT TO BE MUSTERED IN.
Ten Companies of the Eighth
California Prepared and
Qualified to Serve.
CAMP BARRETT, Fruitvale. July 5.—
The routine duties <if camp were resumed
this morning after the two days' com
parative freedom, and were it not for the
feeling of apprehension that has grown
out of the Governor's delay in appoint
ing the line officers of the regiment there
would be nothing- whatever to interfere
with the advancement of the men. But
somehow there is a feeling abroad that
many of the old officers are to be dis
placed by new men, and in consequence
• lerable dissatisfaction exists. In
one, or two companies it is openly assert
ed that if the regular officers are "turned
down" the men will refuse to enter the
volunteer service.
The mustering officer is anxious to com
plete his work, and to-night hv tele
graphed to the War Department that ten
anies were ready to be mustered irj,
and that the other two would undoubted
ly' have men enough by to-morrow to
bring th'-m up to the maximum. He set
forth that the officers had not been ap
pointed yet, and asked if the companies
could I*.- .mustered in without the officers.
If he receives a favorable reply he will
ed with the work to-morrow. This
is likely, however, to create some con
fusion, for the m>n would \>p in the Unit
ed States service, and, therefore, not sub
ject to the orders of thf present offic --rs.
The lirst sergeants would be in command
of the companies and Adjutant Smith ana
Quartermaster Heller, the only two com
missioned officers in the regiment, for
none of the field officers have been mus
ttr*-d in yet.
It is probable, though, that the appoint
ments will all be made to-morrow, thus
avoiding this confusion, for it is under
tnat Governor Hudd has the list
of fortunate ones all made out.
Surgeons Shields, Dudley and Yost did
CAPTAIN WILLIAM E. SMITH, the Leader of Company
H of Redding of the Eighth Regiment.
a big day's work to-day, examining
tne. three remaining companies. All that
remains for them to do now is to inspect
a few men necessary to bring some of
tne companies up to the maximum.
• This will be finished by noon and all
that will remain will be for Captain.
-Murray to administer the oath of alle
jfianrr. and li!! out the rolls. Three hun
dred and forty-four men w«r<- examined
to-day, of whom forty-two were rejected.
Of these Company H of Redding lost
seven out of 113; Company I, Grass Val
ley, seventeen out of 118, and Company
I C, Petaluma, seventeen out of 98 exam
; ined. Captain Barnes' company is way
below the minimum, but Barnes says he
i will have enough more men to-morrow to
i lM i,, the company to the maximum.
! The monotony of camp life was broken
; this evening by a tire which destroyed
tn<- residence of Pearl Lund, the actress.
.Miss Lund lived with her mother at tha
; corner of Putnam street and Wheeler
, avenue, hardly a block from camp. The
I actress accidentally upset a lamp, and in
stantly the house was in a blaze. The
boys rushed over from camp, and long be
fore the Fire Department reached the scene
had succeeded in saving most of the fur
i nlture. They formed a cordon around the
place and guarded the effects from Irre
sponsible parties. They worked djee
beavers, but owing to lack of apparatus
they were unable to save tne building. A
trunk belonging to the actress' mother,
, containing $;!00 and som.» valuable clothes,
I could not be passed through a window,
i and the boys were compelled to abandon
it to the flames.
Private John Riley of Company D is in
I the hospital with a badly Bwollen arm,
caused by a spider bite last night. This
morning Riley felt a stinging sensation
j in his right hand when he arose, but
paid no attention to it. Ills hand soon be
| gan to swell, and now his entire arm is
! affected. It is exceedingly painful, and
the surgeons fear that blood poisoning
, will set in. Several large field spiders
have been found in the tents, and Surgeon
Shields says their bite is quite venomous.
The condition of Private Evans, who
i waa injured Saturday by striking hi-;
I head while diving, has shown no Impi'ovp
. merit to-day, and the surgeons are some
. what worried. They can find no trace of
: fracture, but the paralysis of th» body
and '.imbs continues.
Company L of Marysville is minus one
man Private Hansen celebrated :'ie
;Ft urth and Schley's victory yesterday
i with due enthusiasm, and when revoi'le
j Bounded this morning he was overcome
I with that awful feeling. Hansen kicked
CAPTAIN HOWARD FORD, Who Will Lead the Colusa
Company to Deeds of Valor.
at the bugler, the captain, the colonel,
th-.> service, the food, and finally at Uncle
San. himself. His comrades endured Ma
grc \tMing for some time, but finally they
beoTirc tired, and stripping him of Ms
uniform, paraded him through camp on
doubb- time, eventually landing him in
the guardhouse. Half the camp Joined in
tho procession and Hanson was ,?ree!*<»d
with Je<rs and cries of "cold feet" on nil
Bldnr. Later, he was released from the
guuirthouee and ordered out of camp.
There is a milkman out here who is
preparing for a violent death at the hands
of the soldiers unless he mends his ways.
He has procured a bugle, and at 1 o'clock
this morning drove around the borders of
the camp hounding the reveille. The
boys were more than disgusted wh'jntlity
turned out only to find they had been
hoaxed by a milkman.
The officers enjoyed their flnst meal In
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALX., WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
camp to-day, their mess having been fully
established. Field, staff and line have
consolidated, and an excellent luncheon
: was spread for them at noon. They hgve
I three stewards who are past masters of
the Bussicott ovens, and it is estimated
thai each officer's mess bill will not ex
: ci >>\ so cents a day.
lieutenant Colonel Carr'.ngron is mak
ing rapid progress with the organization
iof the regimental band. Nearly all the
i musicians have been enlisted and esti
n.ans have been received of the cost of
j instruments. Several towns which sent
i companies to the regiment have signified
I a willingness to subscribe liberally toward
purchasing th*» instruments, and in a few
1 clays Colonel Carrington will have the
l;ti.o completed and in active lehearsal.
Colonel Henshaw has not yet selected
a regimental chaplain, which appoint
ment' Governor Budd inconsiderately left
in his hands, and he is beseiged by appli
cants for the position of every denomina-
I tion. The chances are that the Eighth
will not have a chaplain until the regi
\ ment is completely organized.
TROOPS TO SAIL MONDAY.
The Transport Steamers City of
Puebla end Peru Nearly
Ready to Depart.
Owing to a shortage of steamers at
present the next Manilla expedition will
consist of only two ships, instead of six,
as was first contemplated. These steam
ers the City of Puebla and the Peru,
which will sail on Monday or Tuesday of
next week. They are both nearly ready
for the reception of troops and by Satur
day Colonel P.aldwin will have all the
commissary stores on board.
Major General Otis was engaged yes
terday for some time in figuring out what
troops can best be sent to Manila on this
expedition. It is generally understood
; that among those that are to go are six
troops of thr Fourth United States Cay
; alry, the independent troop of Nevada
; cavalry, and two batteries of the Sixth
I United States Artillery, which recently
arrived from the East and are at Camp
Miller. The commanders of these cavalry
and artillery battalions have been in
structed to have their men In readiness
for the next expedition and are expecting
a formal order any day.
Owing to the limited capacity of the
ships it Is doubtful whether any full regi
mental organization will be taken. The
rest of this expedition will very likely be
made up of battalions of the Fourteenth
Eighteenth and Twenty-third regiments
of , regulars remaining at Camp Merritt
and Major Weisenberger's battalion of
four companies of the Washington volun
teers at the Presidio, of whom the regular
army officers apeak in the highest terms.
The Pennsylvania, the sister ship of the
Indiana has been inspected and recom
menced for charter, and she will undoubt
edly be accepted as a transport. The Rio
Janeiro has also been recommended, and
will probably be accepted. A reply to
these recommendations, which have been
forwarded to the War Department is ex
pected at any ho VF , from Washington.
The mania, which has been inspected
and found suitable for the transportation
of troops, has been allowed to make a trip
to Puget Sound to bring down a car e<> of
COa V This tV lp win occupy about wo
weeks and hence it Is fair to presume
n h ffn e'x^ili'ior Ball for Ma " unt »
It was intended to charter the sailing
vessel Tacoma to convey horses and
m K Ules , to , Man 'la. but this plan has been
abandoned, as this means of transport^
tion Is considered too slow. The shin
however, has not been rejected Pl
tJL 1S >, said that the Government enter
tains hopes of yet securing the steamers
Li CLJI9|JUI L£}* I
NEW YORKERS ORGANIZE.
Former Residents of the Empire
State Arranging to Entertain
the Coming Regiment.
The former residents of New York held
a meeting at the Occidental Hotel last
evening and organized with General \V
H. L. Barnes as chairman and Colonel H
P. Bush secretary. General Barnes stated
that the meeting was for the purpose of
making arrangements to properly receive
the New York volunteer regiment which
is about to leave the Empire State for this
city. It is proposed to give these soldiers
a characteristic San Francisco reception
and the gentlemen named on the commit
tees are a guarantee that the event will
Finance— Max Popper, Colonel W R
.Smedberg Colonel <5. M. Klnne. J P Mc-
Carthy, James Denman and F. A. Bald
e:% M-cCarV 11^' 1 "' P - L Turner and
The meeting adjourned to meet Friday
night at the Occidental. All natives or
former residents of New York are re
quested to be present and offer sugges
tions as to the best way to receive and
entertain the New Yorkers. The regi
ment will be either the First or Twenty
second. The latter is from the city and
the former is composed of unattached
companies from tho vicinity of Albany
CAPTAIN J. J. CAHILL, the Commander of Company
A of Chico of the Eighth Regiment.
known as the Burgess Corps. Its organ
ization dates back to the War of ISI2. The
n-giment is expected to start for San
Frannlsco to-morrow.
COURT-MARTIAL CASES.
Several Soldiers at Camp Mer-
ritt Are Tried and Punished
for Various Offenses.
Private Harry C. Falls of Company E,
First Montana Volunteer Infantry, having
been convicted by court-martial at Camp
Merritt of drunken and disorderly con
duct, has been sentenced to Imprisonment
for two months at hard labor and to for
feit $20 of ills pay.
Private Joseph Middlesworth of Com
pany F, First South Dakota Voluntei re,
has b<-. n dishonorably discharged for a
violation of the thirty-second and sixty
second articles of war. For the same of
fense Private Rial T. Rolfe of the samo
company and regiment baa been sentenced
to three months' imprisonment and to be
dishonorably discharged.
Private William Hanson of Company H.
same regiment, has been sentenced to one
month's imprisonment and to be dishon
orably discharged; Private William Sew
ard. Company F, same repriment and same
offense, two months at hard labor and to
forfeit $10 of his pay; Private Lloyd
Butcher, same company, fiO days at hard
labor and to forfeit $10 of his pay; Private
Edward Dinjanan. same company, same
offense, sixty days at hard labor ami to
forfeit $20 of his pay; Private Charles W.
Foley, Company 1?, Twentieth Kansas In
fantry, violation of sixty-second article of
war, two months at hard labor and to for
feit $17 50 of his pay; Private Frank T.
Corbin, Company G, Seventh California,
drunk and disorderly, released from con
finement and restored to duty; Private
John Cooney, Company X, Twenty-third
Tnited States Infantry, violation of the
thirty-third and sixty-second articles of
war, to forfeit $10 of his pay; Private
John Scholtz, Twentieth Kansas Infantry,
violation of the sixty-second article of
war, was acquitted.
INFERIOR UNIFORMS.
Clothing Supplied the Kansas
Troops Not Up to Standard.
Eighth Corps Notes.
The Board of Survey appointed by Gen
eral King to report upon the uniforms
Of the Twentieth Kansas Regiment made
its inspection yesterday. The board re
ported the uniforms to be of a very in
ferior quality.
Eleven recruits for the Second Oregon
will reach Camp Merritt to-day and
twenty-four more are expected on Fri
day.
Captain Came of the Utah Troop of
Cavalry, having- been granted a ten days'
furlough by Major General Otis, will
leave to-day to visit his family in Salt
Lake City. During his absence First
Lieutenant B. X. Smith will be in com
mand of the troop.
'>nrrnl King has Issued orders detail
ing Captain A. W. Perry, brigade quarter
master, to act as special inspector of the
Second Brigade, and to have charge of
the police and condition of the various
camps in the brigade.
The same order appoints Captain J. B.
Hardy as brigade commissary.
Surgeon Major Samuel O. L. Potter,
who has been assigned to the First Bri
gade, reported to General Marcus P. Mil.
ler yesterday.
Two more deaths occurred yesterday at
Camp Merritt. Private E. J. French of
Company J, Seventh California, and Pri
vate Bennington, First Montana, suc
cumbed to consumption. Both men have
been confined at the French Hospital.
War Incidents.
The members of Governor Budd's statff
will to-day present a handsome sword to
Lieutenant Herbert Choynskl of Battery
B, California Volunteer Artillery. The
presentation will be made in Adjutant
General Barrett's office in the Palace Ho
tel by Governor Budd, on whose staft
Lieutenant Choynski held a position until
he enlisted in the volunteer service.
Captain John L. Sehon, assistant adju
tant general, I'nited States Volunteers, is
relieved from duty at Camp Merritt and
is assigned to duty as assistant to the ad
jutant general of the division at military
headquarters in the Pbelan building-.
The order appointing First Lieutenant
George H. Cameron of the Fourth Cavalry
as engineer officer has been revoked.
Major Thomas M. K. Smith of the First
Infantry has been detailed as mustering
officer for the Department of California.
First Lieutenant Diss and the enlisted
men constituting the recruiting party for
the First Battalion, Heavy Artillery, Cal
ifornia Volunteers, are relieved from that
duty.
Captain O'Brien of Company H, First
Tennessee, was taken to the French Hos
pital last night suffering with typhoid
fever. His condition is considered very
serious, and chances of recovery are
slight.
Peter Foley, a civilian, had an alterca
tion with Corporal Matthews of the Four
teenth in one of the dance halls which
abound in the vicinity of the camp. Foley
struck the corporal with a brick. This
was too much for Matthews' friends, and
Foley was soon burled under a mountain
of bluecoats. He was afterward arrested
and charged with assault.
Christian Commission.
The Christian Commission, composed of
the young members of the church socie
ties, met yesterday at tho Occidental Ho
tel. An official button was adopted for the
society. It will be of solid silver, with a
triangle in the center, in the middle of
which will be an American flag.
On Tuesday evening, the 12th of this
month, the Tennessee regiment will give
a, drill at the Mechanics' Pavilion for the
benefit of the commission. Mayor Phelan
will preside.
There will be a grand union of the com
mission at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation building on Monday, July 11.
ROYAL ARCH MASONS.
Celebrate the Anniversary of Ameri
can Independence With a Banquet.
California Chapter No. ,". Royal Arch
Masons, last evening celebrated* the one
hundred and twenty-second anni%'er.=ary
of the Declaration of Independence i>y a
grand banquet in the Temple. There was
a large attendance of the membership,
and after the delicacies had been dis
cussed the following- toasts and songs
were given:
Music, Bennett 1 * Orchestra; o|.enln X address
Charles W. r>erker. H. V.: son*, "Tenting -To
night, ' California Coromandery Quartet- "The
Day We Celebrate," Rev. \v. B. Smith; 'music.'
TV-nnett's Orchestra; son X , "Our Regiment,"
California Comraandery Quartet; "The Ameri
can Nation," W. L. Pierce; Bonjf, "The Battle
Hymn of the Republic." W. C. < 'iimjibpll ■ cr
nrt solo. "The Star Bpangled Banner.": "Our
Flap." M. A. Dnrn; sonp, "The Star Spangled
Manner." Samuel D. Mayer; "Our Chapter
California No. 6, R. A. M.." Franklin H. Da"!
I. N. P.; music, Bennett's Orchestra- song
James E. Gordon; sons, "Red, Wiiife and
lilue." California Commandery Quartet: the
national hymn, "My Country 'Tis of Thee."
The menu card bore upon its face the
insignia of the chapter, under which were
two crossed silk American miniature
fla^s. fastened by a true lover's knot
in tricolor. On one side was the square
and compass and on the other the pick,
shovel and sprig of olive.
Young Men's Institute Picnic.
Two trainloads of jolly excursionists
attended the picnic of the Young Men's
Institute at Sunset Park July A. The
board of management, composed of dele
gates from the seventeen councils of the
order .In this city, managed the affair,
and the day was spent in a patriotic man
ner by carrying out the following pro
gramme: Reading of the Declaration of
Independence by P. J. Lauler; vocal solo,
"Star Spangled Banner," by Miss T.
Denny; "Drake's Address to the Ameri
can Flag." by T. W. Hickey; vocal solo,
"Red, White and Blue," by John Cavan
agh; vocal solo, "Sinking of the Maine,"
by Frank W. Healey. The exercises
closed by the audience singing "America."
Antone Smith, the leader of the Second
Regiment band, was the recipient of
many congratulations for the rendition
of national airs in the "Patriotic Lan
cers."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SINGULAR STATEMENT.
Prom Mrs. Rank to Mrs. Pinkham.
The following letter to Mrs. Pink-
ham from Mrs. M. Kaxk, No. 2.354
East Susquehanna Aye., Philadelphia,
Pa., is a remarkable statement of re-
lief from utter discouragement. She
says:
" I never can find vrords with which
to thank you for what Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done
for me.
" Some years ago I had womb trouble
and doctored for a long time, not see-
ing any improvement. At times I
would feel well enough, and other
times was miserable. So it went on
until last October, I felt something
terrible creeping over me, I knew not
what, but kept getting worse. I can
hardly explain my feelings at that
time. I was so depressed in spirits
that I did not wish to live, although I
had everything to live for. Had hys-
teria, was very nervous; could not
6leep and was not safe to be left
alone.
" Indeed, I thought I would lose my
mind. No one knows what I endured.
" 1 continued this way until the last
of February, when I saw in a paper a
testimonial of a lady whose ease was
similar to mine, and who had been
cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta-
ble Compound. I determined to try it,
and felt better after the first dose. I
continued taking it, and to-day am a.
well woman, and can say from my
heart, ' l^iank God for such a medi-
cine.'"
Mrs. Pinkham invites all suffering
Women to write to her at Lvnn, Mass
for advice All such letters are seen
and answered by women only.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; •.=•;•.■ '.■] .../
■-■-■-■-B-B-B-B-B-B- -■- B-B-B-B-B-»-B-fl-g-B-B-
i ! . ''-.""-'.: ; '..*.. .: : ...'.-i' '••■-• ••".•''"
79 a>! -^*- J^m. A T irA. ML. IffTk j^ J _^^^y x^
i '••..'■•■ -•'.
I B~sr
- . ■■' . •
i
L — . i . ; ,n ,
i j,
■ |^ / .
I '. • ' -• . •
i OF
i / 7 .'./•
i ■ - . § »"
3
«/■ The following letter Is self-
[explanatory: '•;•.■
L M. SIMINOFF, Wholesale Manufacturer of Ladles* Cloaks ana Capes,
I Suits a Specialty, 1228 Market Street. . - • ♦
| SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., July 1, 1898.
I MESSRS. J. J. O'BRIEN & CO.:
' Gentlemen — After further considering the matter I have decided to
■ accept your offer although I must say the reductions are very much
| greater than I had any idea of making. The corrected list as it now
1 stands will give you all the following named goods at twenty-nine (29c)
I cents on the dollar, on the terms stated in the invoice, viz.: Black and
P Colored Fancy Dress Goods, Whip Cords, Ladies' Cloths, Figured Al-
I pacas. Meltons, Cheviots, Diagonals, Serges, Astrakans, Black Brocaded
| Silks, Fancy Satin Duchesse, Taffetas, etc., and also the Capes, Jackets,
1 Dress Skirts and ready-made Suits and Waists.
I I send by bearer a corrected invoice. " .
8 Very truly yours, M. SIMINOFF. '. '
I
I
I
S
jl The purchase comprises an immense variety of *
[ The Newest Styles in
i Capes, Jackets, Suits,
a Dress Skirts, Waists, Etc.,
■
E
1 As well as an enormous assortment of Cloak and * .
, Dress Materials from the best English, French and
German manufacturers, consisting of
! Black and Colored Fancy Dress Goods,
i Whipcords, Ladies' Cloths, Meltons,
i Figured Alpacas, Cheviots, Serges^ I -
i Diagonals, Astrachans, Black /
i Brocaded Silks, Taffetas,
1 Fancy Satin Duchesse,
1 Etc. Etc. Etc.
i
1 * And although in most cases ■ . «
THE DAMAGE IS HARDLY PERCEPTIBLE, j
1 Everything has been placed on our counters and tables
1 At Figures Corresponding With the Gigantic '
i Reductions From Actual Values at -!
1 Which the Purchase Was Secured. , : '
i i
i 1
; A FIRST CHOICE THE BEST. * ;
i ■
: DON'T DELAY'
i ' ■ • ; v ■. • .i
; IN MAKING SELECTIONS. ;
[$[/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / »
I/J/ San Francisco. / I
56
WEDNESDAY JULY 6, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKEl^Proprieton
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F.
Telephone JSlain 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
served by carriers In thjts city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week,. By mall $6 per year; per montl)
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Baildinft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE R!£ft« Houa*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock;- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
untH 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,.
THE KING-PIN CORRESPONDENT.
THERE is an old saying that the king can do
no wrong. Yet kings have been known to err.
On the same principle, an "editor-in-chief is
theoretically above the danger of sinning, especially
when he owns the papers in which his unexpurgated
effusions appear. Notwithstanding this, when the
editor becomes correspondent, rushes to the battle
front, where, in the manner of "da monk," he paints
himself yellow, and climbs a conspicuous pole, there
are those who consider him subject to criticism, pos
sibly not all of a commendatory sort.
It is but fair to say that Hearst Is sending extra
ordinary stuff from Cuba. That some of it is inco
herent is not surprising. When an editor-in-chief
has not only the responsibility for a pair of freak
journals, but must also direct the movements of the
army and navy, it is natural to assume that he is
pressed for time. A recent letter of his portrays
with an apparent awe the characteristics of one Lame,
who, when not engaged in bathing in warm Spanish
blood, is on the staff of Hearst.
Lame had been telling Hearst how he had cap
tured forty Spaniards. So far as made clear, he had
done this unaided save by the power of hypnotism.
"His eye flashed," adds Hearst. Possibly it was "in
his eye" that he performed the capture.
"What did you do with them?" Hearst asked, nat
urally feeling an interest. Then he "sniffed con
temptuously," Lame did, and replied: "We cut their
heads off, of course." Lame spoke modestly in the
plural. The pronoun may have been used in the
editorial sense, or perhaps referred to himself and his
little machete. Then Hearst explains that behind
this "armor of vengeance" Lame is "tender and gen
tle." yet admits that Lame is lost "in almost savage
enjoyment" of the situation. Well, perhaps savage
is too strong a term. Let us regard the sanguinary
Lame as unkind, also a liar, and let it go at that.
Hearst ought not to tear up the country this way.
The picture of his staff associates cutting off the
heads of Spanish prisoners at space rates gives a
new and distressing idea as to the duties of a corre
spondent. By getting under the influence of Lame
perhaps Hearst himself will in time learn to slaughter
Spanish and sniff contemptuously when the trifling
affair happens to be mentioned. Up to date, how
ever, he has satisfied himself by reveling in the slaugh
ter of English as she is wrote.
ThjE PARIS EXPOSITION.
DESPITE the war and its glorious victories, the
attention of the people and of Congress has not
been turned wholly away from the enterprises
of peace. The splendid proportions reached by our
export trade during the year have aroused the in
dustrial and commercial instincts of the people almost
as strongly as the fighting spirit has been aroused by
battle, and as a consequence everything that can in
any way affect and promote our growing trade is
receiving consideration from all classes.
One of the movements which has been quickened
into a stronger vitality by the commercial success
of the year is the proposed display of the products
of the United States at Paris in 1900. The Con
gressional conference committee reported in favor
of an appropriation of $600,000 for the enterprise, and
the only objection thus far made to the report is that
the sum is not sufficient. It is pointed out that
France devoted $750,000 for her display at Chicago
and the argument is made that as we are richer and
larger than France and have more to display we
ought to exceed her appropriation rather than fall
below it.
Thomas W. Cridlcr, Assistant Secretary of State,
who, since the death of Moses P. Handy, has been
acting as special commissioner and attending to our
interests at the exposition, recently reported that the
space allotted by the exposition authorities to the
United States includes: In the Hall of General Man
ufactures and Household Furnishing, 24,390 square
feet: in the Mines and Metallurgy, 7690 square feet;
in Threads, Textiles and Wearing Apparel, 13,003
square feet: in Agricultural and Fruit Products, 18,
£lB square feet; in Education and Liberal Arts, 11,471
square feet, and in Chemical Industry, 5160 square
feet.
This is not an extensrve space when the vast re
sources of the United States are considered. Cali
fornia'alone could fill the area allotted for mines and
metallurgy and for fruit products. If we are to ob
tain more, however, we must get in and work for it.
The whole world is pressing for space and nothing
Bill, be granted us for sentiment alone.
The article by Mrs. Alice Rix, entitled "The Curse
of the Camp," which was advertised to appear in
The Call last Sunday, was at the last moment held
out .because the evil to which it was designed to call
attention was found to have been eliminated from the
camp. The object of the article was to bring about
a reform, and as the proper officials have now taken
steps to accomplish that reform the publication of
the story was no longer necessary.
N6body can blame the Spanish for blowing up
their ships. The enemy seems to be doing well
enough to be able to get along without being pre
sented with a fleet.
Even Spanish skill in mendacity can hardly lend to
recent events at Santiago that sad but "glorious"
aspect the Castilian has a faculty for discerning.
There is an Admiral Dewey in the Philippines who
has done a few things himself, but who will be among
the first to send congratulations to Sampson.
Now, as to exchanging Hobson, there is plenty of
material on hand to justify entering upon a dicker;
THE SLAUGHTER OF OFFICERS.
ONE of the'most notable features of the reports
of the fighting around Santiago is the large
proportion of officers whose names appear in
the lists of killed or wounded. The number is alto
gether out of proportion to the ratio of officers and
privates engaged in the conflicts, and to the casual
ties usual in battle. The fact is a striking one, and
cannot have failed to impress every one who read the
lists with careful attention.
The first conclusion drawn from a consideration of
the subject will be that this large proportion of cas
ualties among the officers is an evidence of the cour
age and valor of the company and regimental leaders
of our armies. This conclusion, however, does not
accord with all the facts in the case. It is true the
officers are brave and that they led their men into
action with daring gallantry, but it is equally true
the privates are brave, and that they did not have
to be urged on by their leaders. The men with
muskets went to the front as swiftly as the men with
swords and shoulder straps. They penetrated the
thickets, scaled the heights and entered the intrench
ments of the foe as soon as their officers; and, there
fore, so far as courage is concerned the proportion
of death and wounds among them should have been
e^ual to that among the officers.
The truer explanation seems to be that the Spanish
sharpshooters selected the officers to fire at and aimed
to kill as many of them as possible. Such tactics
have been adopted by sharpshooters in all wars, and
if in the present one their success has been more
marked than in former conflicts it is probably due to
the superiority of the modern rifle. War is, in fact,
becoming a matter of scientific accutacy in the fight
ing- line, as well as in the councils of the generals.
With the arms of to-day the rifleman who keeps cool
in action has a very good chance to hit the man he
aims at. There is less indiscriminate firing and more
straight shooting than there was.
If this view of the case be correct, it is evident the
line officers in future battles are not going to hold
very enviable positions. For years past there has
been a tendency among military nations to diminish
the number of officers in a regiment as compared
with the number of men. After every great war
there has been something like a reorganization of
armies and with each change the comparative number
of officers has decreased. The tendency is due to
considerations of economy and of life. There is
no use paying a larger number of officers than the
service of modern war requires, and there is no use
making a man conspicuous on the battle-field simply
to provide a target for sharpshooters.
REVENUE LAW PROBLEMS.
ACCORDING to the tone of the discussion that
has followed the enactment of the war revenue
bill the measure will require considerable ex
planation and interpretation by the courts or the
treasury authorities before it is fully understood in
its application to the complex business of the coun
try. Some interesting problems have already arisen
in connection with it, and others will doubtless come
up in a comparatively short time.
A manufacturing company in the East, which oc
casionally loans on collateral security the cash re
served for the payment of its dividends, applied to
the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue for a rul
ing as to whether under such circumstances it would
be subject to the bank tax. The Commissioner de
cided that all companies doing such business must
pay special taxes as banks. The conclusion of the
ruling is thus given by the Chicago Record:
"The amount of the special tax to be paid is re
quired to be estimated upon the amount of capital
used in the business. The fact that any manufacturer,
manufacturing company or firm makes use of its sur
plus and is doing a banking business does not involve
it in special-tax liability estimated upon the entire
amount of its capital used by it in its manufacturing
business. It is held, therefore, that it is not this
amount, but simply the amount of the surplus on
hand for the purpose of making loans, that is to be
taken as a basis for estimating the amount of the
special tax. It is not the average amount loaned
within the year, but the entire amount of surplus on
hand out of which loans may be made."
The question of the incidence of taxation on the
sale of stock and shares has received a good deal of
consideration in the exchanges where such sales
amount to vast sums every business rtay of the year.
The New York Stock Exchange is reported to have
settled for that city who is not to pay the $2 on the
sale of every 100 shares of stock, by declaring that
the payment of the tax by the broker will be regarded
as a violation of the constitution of the stock ex
change. Other exchanges, it is said, will follow this
rule. It may be taken as determined, therefore, that
whatever may have been the intent of the law makers
this is not going to be a tax on brokers or a reve
nue raised out of their profits.
The tax of 1 cent on each $100 of value on the
sales of products or merchandise has created a con
siderable agitation among the wheat and cotton
brokers, and they will have several problems for the
Commissioner to settle. It is held by certain Chi
cago lawyers that the law does not cover grain op
tions: that the tax will not be imposed on sales of
grain for future delivery. The lawyer who gave this
opinion, however, is an attorney for the Chicago
Board of Trade, and his view may not find favor at
Washington.
Counsel for New York clearing houses is reported
to have advised that the tax on promissory notes can
be avoided by the policy pursued during the Civil
War. It appears that during the existence of the
former war tax banks made loans from day to day,
with securities or commodities as collateral, withoitt
the use of a note or contract upon which a stamp
was necessary. These advances were not considered
of the same nature as ordinary loans on promissory
notes.
Frnm these illustrations it will be seen that the
new revenue law is goinc? to give rise to a good many
interrstinp questions. Most of them, perhaps, can be
decided off hand by the Commissioner, but some
of them will certainly find their way to the courts.
Whatever may be its effect on other trades and pro
fessions the tax is not going to diminish the profits
of lawyers.
When the crew of a gunboat surrendered to Dewey
he offered to parole them, and they declined. All
of them were near starvation. They had held out
long after there was any hope for them. Yet they
dared not accept parole, knowing the ungrateful
country for which they fought would have killed them
as traitors. Soldiers and sailors cannot love such a
country. No wonder the yellow emblem of Spain
is tumbling to dust.
Attorney Hogan of Judge Conlan's court seems to
be under the necessity of making an explanation.
His letter to a man for whose arrest a warrant had
been asked has the disagreeable aspect of being an
attempt to promote something not justice.
Americans delight to honor Sampson, but they are
not overlooking a gentleman named Schley, and a
number of captains and fighting crews. There is
honor enough to go around.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
THE CHIVALRY OF WAR TIME.
AS there is in the thunder of guns and the crash
of battle something to stir the rugged emo
tions, there is another side to war, appealing
to the tenderly human instincts.
That Cervera made a desperate fight neither friend
nor foe will question. He went imo the open to
court death and destruction rather than wait for it to
come to him. Perhaps the thought was in his mind
that there was a possibility of escape. At least there
was the chance to go down with colors flying and the
cannon speaking defiance to the last.
The struggle was hopeless, suicidal. Yet the spec
tacle of the old man fighting his ships heroically,
charging through a force in every way superior, was
a glorious one, and in defeat there was no disgrace.
It is his privilege to hold up his head among men.
He had kept his fleet long afloat ahead of a baffled
pursuer, and when it went down its guns were hot.
The surrender of Cervera was a touching incident.
When he came aboard an American ship he came as
a prisoner, wounded in body and spirit. An Ameri
can officer met him with extended hand, and said:
"I congratulate you, sir, on having made as gallant
a fight as ever man made on sea." Here was chiv
alry. Between these men no personal enmity ex
isted. True courage ever recognizes the same qual
ity in another. One moment they had sought to
kill each other, the next they stood with clasped
hands; and if in the heart of the old man there was
the sore bitterness of defeat, he knew he had done
his best, that the world would give him credit for it.
The soldier fights the soldier; the man recognizes
the man, and so in victor}' is a s generous as in con
flict he is daring.
AN AMERICAN SISTERHOOD.
\A UCH has been said of the practical good ac
/ \ complished by the women of the Red Cross.
* * Much remains to say.
The women have done one thing of which they
did not dream in the beginning. They have spread
to every State and Territory a knowledge of the hos
pitality which California, with themselves as its hon
ored agents, dispenses willingly and gladly to the sol
dier faring within her gates. He may be of the
North, South, East or West, but once here he is an
American, and they minister to him.
A practical result has been the creation of a humane
sisterhood as wide as the land. People at a distance
have caught the inspiration and seek to aid. Women
in far-away States send to express their gratitude
for what has been done for their loved ones so
journing here, where they thought to find strangers
and found friends. Minnesota and Pennsylvania send
fervent thanks. Colorado and Tennessee say to these
women, "God bless you."
The war is welding this great people Into a unity
it never knew. The impulse stirring the nation
meets even-where a response. But when peace shall
come to abide, the student of events will remember
the benign mission of thc?e unselfish women, and
say of them that in the stronger fraternal relations
established, quietly, sweetly and unknowing, they
wrought well, and the strongest fibers in the tie to
bind all sections into one are of their handiwork.
A GOOD CITIZENS' LEAGUE.
r\ CIRCULAR has been issued announcing that
f~\ the second annual convention of the National
* * Good Citizens' League will assemble at Nash
ville July ii. The manifesto of the league declares
"the time has come in the history of our country when
all good citizens should unite to rescue the municipal
ity, the State and the nation from present evils and im
pending disaster and ruin." It further asserts that
while "there are some good men in office, every
department of our life — whether economic, industrial,
social or religious— has felt the blighting influences,
the evil effects of unwise and unrighteous civil gov
ernment; incompetency and demagogism on the
one hand, infidelity and corruption on the other."
The language of the manifesto is exaggerated. Evils
exist, but there is certainly no such thing as ruin im
pending over this country. Nor was it wise on the
part of those who issued the call to mix up religion
with politics. It does not appear that religion is to
be affected by misgovernment in either the municipal
ity, the State or the nation; nor is there anything in
the present condition of our people to justify the as
sociation of infidelity and corruption in politics.
There are a good many infidels who are not cor
rupt politicians, and there are a good many corrupt
politicians who are not infidels.
The style of the call, however, is a minor matter.
The essential point is that a league has been organized
for the purpose of inducing good citizens to take a
more active interest in politics. The object of the
league is commendable. Anything which tends to im
press upon all classes of citizens the importance of at
tending to their political duties is of value to the com
munity. It is unquestionably true that much of the
extravagance and corruption in our administration
of public affairs is directly traceable to the neglect
of citizens to take a proper interest in public affairs.
The Good Citizens' League announces itself as a
"non-partisan, non-sectarian body," and all organ
izations interested in political and administrative re
form are requested to send delegates to the conven
tion. The method by which the league proposes to
perform its work is that of arousing the patriotic con
science of the people, so that the individual will feel
it a part of his duty to assist in the eradication of ex
isting evils in every way possible. To effect that it
is designed to organize local leagues, one for each
political party, at all voting precincts.
While the scheme will not appear feasible to many
citizens, it nevertheless will have the sympathies of
all who have noted the indifference of the great mass
of business men to their civic responsibilities. If the
league by its organization or by its influence can in
duce all citizens to be more earnest in the performance
of their political duties we shall have better men nom
inated for office, better men elected and a better ad
ministration of the affairs of the city, the State and
the nation. It is to be hoped, therefore, that the
Nashville convention will be well attended and that
it may exert a widespread influence in the country.
The Spanish in the Ladrones behaved in a gentle
manly way, even refraining from replying to the
American fire. The circumstance that they had no
ammunition also contributed to make the occasion
one marked by forbearance.
Dewey is safe. One of the patent, brass
bound, copper-riveted persons known to yellow jour-
nalism as "special commissioner" has reached him.
Let the fanfare of the battle rend the heavens now.
It is not easy to understand why Captain Glass
should have opened fire when he arrived at the La
drones. Perhaps he was using blank charges so as
to be impressive and yet not unduly violent.
If Cervera shows good judgment he will no more
return to Spain. Perhaps in time he would learn to
be a good American citizen.
Probably Cervera as a prisoner will be surprised to
find himself treated as a gentleman.
HEARST WRITES, BUT
FAILS TO THINK
He Sends a Lot of Idiotic Balderdash
and Has Sufficient Influence to
Get It Printed.
There is a statement so ancient that It commands the respect due old
age: "Whom the gods would destroy they first make mad." Evidently the
gods have put up a job on W. R. Hearst.
Since the opening of the war much misinformation has been sent out of
Cuba, many correspondents have wired ridiculous tales, there have been re
ports so palpably idiotic that they have won only the tribute of a derisive
smile. But from the first to the present nothing so senseless, so reeking
with malign stupidity, so serious an affront to the intelligence of the public,
so pernicious, so babblingly imbecile has been forwarded to this country as
Hearst is himself sending over his own signature. Some day the man will be
accused of being a fool, and the files of his own vile papers will convict him.
The latest Hearst effusion appeared yesterday morning. It is more than
a gem. It is a string of gems radiant with such scintillation as can be
flashed by a mind not diseased, perhaps, but minus the faculty of thought.
Judged by the letter, Hearst ought to be in restraint. An analysis of it is
hardly possible. When a man cumbered by a strait-jacket raves at the
padded wall, the incoherency of his remarks is baffling. Yet the remarks are
fully as lucid as those of Hearst. Maybe the Cuban heat has poached the
brain of the editor-in-chief. Has he no friends loyal enough to kick over his
Inkpot and counsel him not to be an ass?
The letter In question is a rhapsodical exaltation of one Honore Lame,
a Cuban scoundrel, who, according to the facts on -which Hearst bases ex
uberant praise, is a murderer, a robber of the dead, a sneak, and a mon
strosity of perversion. From such a character as Hearst paints yellow,
any man of decent instincts would shrink as from a leper. Yet Hearst ad
mires, slobbers over him, calls him "tender and gentle," makes a fetich of
the villain and a holy show of himself. As a matter of fact, discernible
to any observer of moderate perception, Lame is simply a liar having fun
with an unsophisticated boss.
It was with this precious specimen of moral degeneracy that Hearst
had "hurried to the fort," where he found that James Creelman had been
wounded. Alas! that this should have happened to Truthful Jeems. Upon
his brow had been placed the stinkweed wreath of achievement as the
most stupendous faker who ever uttered and passed a forged statement
as fact. And Hearst, just at the time his sympathy should have been
touched, snatches the wreath away, dividing it between himself and this
Lame.
Hearst tells in a sentence how Lame pitched into the firing line at Ca
ney. Indeed, the inference is fair, that Lame was the firing line. "To
night he returned here," quoth Hearst, "with his handsome face aglow with
enthusiasm." The suspicion is natural, after reading further, that the
glow was due to something else. But why the glow, casting aside, of
course, the unworthy theory that Honore's tank was full? Hearst pro
ceeds to explain:
Among the dead and wounded on the b'attlefleld he had found, by the
Index finger of a Spanish prisoner, the body of the general who had com
manded the forces of the enemy about Caney on the day before.
Amid the tall weeds and wire grass Lame had found the dead bodies of
General Vera del Rey and his brother, and near by, desperately wounded,
two of his three aids, and two other officers dead beside him, and even their
horses and mules killed In the same deadly hail. They were close to a high
cactus fence, behind which they were evidently seeking shelter when caught
by the volley from the American line.
"Abandoned on the field!" cried Lame, triumphantly. "Deserted by his
men of his crack battalion!" he added with fine scorn.
Lame was unaffectedly happy as he held up to our gaze the papers
which he had taken from the pockets of the Spanish commanasr. They
told of Spanish affairs, troops and plans, and were turned over to Gen
eral Garcia. The originals will be saved for the Journal.
Lame beamed with Joy that he felt as he tapped his camera and ex
claimed:"
"I have here a photograph of him Just as the vultures were flying from
his body." Lame is a daring correspondent, always alert to the demands
of his newspaper, but before that — before every other consideration — he is a
Cuban soldier. Of massive frame and classical face, he is a type to com
mand admiration everywhere, but in saddle girth with the trappings of a
trooper he seems to have but ridden directly from the pages of Scott or
Stevens.
Now here is a fine specimen of depravity over which to rave, a truly no
ble hyena ravening on dead men's bones, filching from the pockets of
corpses, rejoicing with the carrion vulture. "A type to command admiration
everywhere." Oh, Willie, Willie, why be a blithering dotard? If your man
rode from the pages of Scott or Stevens let him ride back again, and then
destroy the book.
In portraying a person to admire Hearst has drawn an inhuman wretch
from whom every decent instinct turns with loathing; a bloody, bestial
knave without conscience, principle or heart, a creature for assassinations,
for foul plots, with nowhere in him a redeeming trait. "A type to com
mand admiration!"
But there is a climax still to reach in the Hearstonian drivel. The edi
torial correspondent seems to concentrate his waning intelligence in an ef
fort to reach the climax of lunacy. Continuing about this precious Lame he
says: "Lame has done nothing else but make war for so many months so
that it is his normal existence. He revels in its barbarity. When next he
spoke his eyes lighted with intense interest." Then Hearst continues:
"In the blockhouse where I was with you yesterday," he said, "we found
this morning a few Spaniards. They were popping away, doing some dam
age and giving much trouble. I found a Spanish prisoner and told him to
go to the blockhouse and tell those inside that the Americans were about to
fire a dynamite gun at them and they had better surrender. Forty of them
came out, and the Americans kindly turned them over to me for the Cu
bans."
His eyes flashed.
"And what did you do with them?
""We cut their heads off, of course.**
He sniffed contemptuously.
And yet behind this amour of vengeance, bred in the bone by a century
of suffering, the Cuban is tender and gentle. One seldom finds a man of
more generous and gracious impulses than this same Lame. His hour has
come and he is lost in the almost savage enjoyment of it.
Pardon is asked of readers for quoting so much slaver. It must be
remembered that it was written by the editor-in-chief of two papers. Aside
from the fact that to people who think it can be considered only as the
sign of a disordered mentality, the fact must not be overlooked that such
stuff is dangerous as well as absurd. The rumor printed in sheets ad
mitted to the mails might receive credence among the Spanish. Suppos
ing that this immeasurable liar, Lame, had been instrumental in captur
ing prisoners of war, and had slaughtered them, as he claims to have done.
The natural and proper result would be reprisals. A brave man named
Hobson is now a prisoner of the Spanish. If the Cubans are conducting
themselves as Hearst says they are; if they are butchering prisoners of
war, the most ordinary self-respect would force the Spanish to kill Hob
son and all his associates. They could not be blamed for doing it. Hearst
seems to be trying to force them to this extreme. A tale so weird would
never for a moment deceive anybody familiar with the ways of ocher jour
nalism. It might deceive the enemy.
Hearst appears to be a freak. Not content with running two sheets,
a dual disgrace to the country, he must himself contribute to their unclean
columns a mess of rot so prurient that to offer it to any publisher on earth
but one would be to meet with refusal and rebuke. He cannot, perhaps,
be accused of deliberate malice. The lunatic is not called to strict ac
count. But for the welfare of the nations there should be some
method of protection against the drooling nincompoop who projects himself
into a serious situation, and by his pestiferous presence adds to its difficul
ties. Hearst has written himself a scoundrel, which is bad, or a clown in
motley, which is not to be commended. He is in either case a
dishonor to the craft, and with one accord members of the craft disown
him.
If there were no danger that the Hearst and the Lame would be mis
understood; If there were a pleasing certainty that they would be taken
at their face value, a pair of fatuous dullards, no reason for commenting
on the Joint product of their non-intelligence would exist. As It is, these
prating jobbernowls constitute a danger. It is a pity some method of check
ing them cannot be devised. But when Honore returns from cut ing off
heads, and his handsome face is aglow with pleasure, and Willie bowa
down to worship, and then describes his emotions, there seems no way to
prevent it. The ways of Providence are strange. Good men, in no de
gree addle-pated, are being killed every day.
MERBIMAC AN ILLEGAL OB
STRUCTION.
The other day In a debate in the Cor
tes at Madrid a deputy, who is describes
as of high dignity and repute, solemnly
asked the Duke of Almodovar de Rio, the
Minister of Foreien Affairs, whether it
was regarded in International law as
proper to use such expedients in block
ading a port as to sink ships in the chan
nel or to plant mines. The worthy noble
man as solemnly replied that the authori
ties were agreed that such actions were
Indubitably improper. This is a serious
discovery, but it is difficult to see how
the fault can now be remedied. Of course,
i t J le ,, l i£ lted J? tates has unwittingly of
fended the ethics of warfare in bottling
Admiral Cervera in Santiago harbor it is
greatly to be regretted. The Spanish mil
itary authorities should take caution
from this experience and furnish this
government with a list of the sins of
omission and commission in wrr that we
are expected to avoid. We strive to please.
But after all, the situation as disclosed
by the colloquy In the Cortes, just sum
marized, is strongly reminiscent of the
retort of a man confined in jail to a vis
itor who, after hearing the unfortunate
one s story, indignantly observed that
"they could never put you In jail for do
ing that.' "That may be true, answered
the prisoner, "but I'm here,' I—Washing1 — Washing-
I GARCIA AND DIETZ EXPLAIN,
SAN FRANCISCO, July 3, IS9B,
City Editor Call— Dear Sir: In an ar
ticle on page 16 of the Sunday Call, anent
the support given the Red Cross fund
by the retail liquor dealers, an injustice
Is done to the undersigned, and we sin
cerely hope you will correct it. It ia
stated that the committeeman who left
the blanks at the different saloons met
with a chilling reception at Frank Gar
cia's saloon on Montgomery street. That
is untrue. The . saloon referred to Is
owned by Messrs. Frank Garcia ana
Frank Dietz. Both gentleman were out
when the committeeman called. The bar
tender, however, received the blank and
every effort was made by the proprietors
of the saloon and their employes to sw.-ll
the relief fund of the Red- Cross. Botn,
proprietors also subscribed to the fund,
and when the lists were collected. Messrs.
Garcia and Dietz turned over several dol
lars to the committeeman.
The Matt Storn incident is also untruo,
Mr. Storn was in. our saloon when a rep-»
resentative of the Salvation Army or
some kindred organization came in and
asked r'6r money. The request was re
fused. Mr. Storn evidently misunder
stood the situation and thought a Red
Cross representative was turned down.
We have subs Tibed to several funds for
the relief of tl- man,
wearing the uniform oT the United State*
army has ever come into uur place but
he received free drinks and lunch. Wq
feel aggrieved that our names should ap
pear in an unfavorable light before the
public, when there is no 'Cause for it, and
we trust that, in a spirit of fairness, y i
will make a correction in the. columns of
your paper. .
The committee of the retail liquor deal
ers who had charge of this matter will
verify the above statement, &s will
'Tesse Marks, who also took an active
part in the movement to help along, the
good cause. Very truly yours,
GARCTA & DIETZ.
San Francisco, July 3, IS9S.
FRAUDULENT CONTRACTORS.
Editor San Francisco Call: How to deal
with fraudulent contractors Is a problem
easily solved. Congress Is • in- session. .'
Have our Representatives • seek the ' pass- '-.
age of. a law making- the violator- of any
•contract to. furnish' the quality, quantity
and manufacture- of any supplies- to; the
United States army and naVy; as stipu
lated In the contract, amenable to trial -'
by- a drumhead court-martial, fixing tha
same penalty as for treason or desertion/,
during time of war. There will never bo.'
but one trial. Dishonest contractors will.'
become honest; rotten meats will be un
heard of; Chinese slipshod goods- will be
done away with, and the boys in blue.wlfl
be properly provided "for. -'•■.•-". :..;
All in sympathy, with, the good 1 work
of The Call "in exposing the violation of
contracts with the Government in having
soldiers' suits made by Chinese will fur
ther bless The Call if it will use its pow
erful influence toward securing the pass
age of such a law. . •'• : . ■;'
. • JAMES McCANNON. -
San Francisco, July 2, IS9B. .".-•: •• ;., .-
■♦ ■ .•' •:•■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
CHASED OUT OF CAMP— E. K.
City. There did not appear in The Call
during the month of May an artlcla
headed, "Drummed Out of the Camp,"
but on the 23rd of that month there ap
peared an article headed, "Chased Out of
Camp." oii 'V' : '-■■''':
■» ■ -
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
«» « —
Old glass bottles, which are more or
less useless, are now ground up and em
ployed as a substitute for sand in the
preparation of mortar. ~", r
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
When Johnny comes marching homa
again
We'll give him a rousing cheer.
And I hope It won't he long till then.
For things are lonesome hore.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething witii
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the grums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the bent remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising: from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 2oc a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from- tha
mlste common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer Btay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery, ftt.j
S. T., or E. S. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado. Coronado, <2al.
The favorite for restoring life and color to the
hair is Parker's Haib Balsam.
I'aj.ker's Gixgkr Tonic ihe best cough cura
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently cured by using Moki Tea. A.
pleasant herb drink. Cures Constipation and
indigestion, makes you eat, sleep, worK and
happy. Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
No Danger— "l would worry less about
Henpeck going: to war," said his fond
mother, "if he could speak Spanish. It
might save his life sometime."
"Don't you worry about him," snapped
Mrs. Henpeck. ' "H<j'll. never g et near
enough the Spaniards to talk to them."—
Detroit Free Press.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Royal Baking Powder
costs a little more at
first, though it goes
further in the end, as
it is stronger. But
Royal is beyond all
question as to whole-
someness, while as to
other powders there
is a doubt.
Royal is a cream of
tartar powder. So
many of the other
powders are made
from alum. Cream
of tartar comes from
grapes, and costs to
produce much more
than alum, which is
a mineral that the
British Government
regards as a poison
and forbids to be used
in bread.
The Royal powder
costs only a fair price
per pound, and is
cheaper and better at
its price than any
similar article in the
world. It makes bet-
ter and more health-
ful food.WRECK OF THE
LUMBER RAFT
It Broke in Two When
Off Crescent City.
ONE-HALF REACHES PORT
ARRIVAL OF THE SCHOONER
TREE TRADE.
Death of William H. White, the Mil
lionaire Shipowner and Lumber
Dealer of Mendocino
County.
Part of the big raft that left Astoria
on Juno 24 last in tow of the tugs Res
cne un<l Monarch arriv.-d here yesterday
behind .' • latter vessel. Another sec
! to be outside somewhere
In tow • ; the liescue. When off Crescent
■ ta :. in latitude 42 north,
\ est, a big norther came
up. ' • ' ■' icreased until it was blow
mllea an hour. The sea was soon
vi taina high and about 2 p. ra.
• irsday last the raft broke In two.
Monarch held on to the half that
remained attached to the tow lines,
while the Rescue cast off and remained
by the dor. n to await the going
of the gale. When practicable Cap
tain Dan Thompson made fast to the
v that broke away and ia now tow-
I into port. The owners of the raft
estimate that the Monarch brought In
about 2.250,000 feet of lumber, that the
towing about 2,000,000 feet, and
that a million feet was lost in the dis-
The raft was built on the Columbia
River by Inman, Paulson & Co. for the
H. Bibb Lumber Company. It was
ally ::76 feet long. 43 feet broad and
t deep. Ii was bolted together by
' ls Placed - : ipart and 55 of
bolts arrived in San Francisco yes-
When the I'matiHa arrived last
;ay from the Sound Captain Cuuz-
Ing the raft with only one
It Borne of the other
officers of the vessel also reported pass
ing through a lot of lumber that looked
the dri-klond of a schooner. The two
rta are explained by the breaking of
the rait.
"We left Astoria on June 24 last," said
Mr. Inman yesterday, "and all we; ■
lor four days. The wind was very light
ujxl the raft behaved splendidly. We
were making about three or four knots
an hour and figured on reaching -
Francisco last Saturday, but the fates
si ;-. >> n Wednesday it be
gan to blow a norther and at first we
thought we would pull through all right.
The raft was behaving nobly and the
lashed over It without "doing any
apparent damage. But then the wind grew
.1 blew so hard that 1 was al
most, afraid to put my head out of the
Plot ' . fear it would get blown
off. Next, the sea took a hand. The
iv. iv. b began to run mountains high and
• :>• way we could tell that the raft
by the strain on the tow
The force of the waves was ter-
T 2 p. m. we saw the raft
up and snap in two apparently as
easily as you would snap a thin stick "over
your k
3 Tonnesson of the Monarch
and Thompson of the. Rescue were equal
to the occasion. While the Monarch re
mained with the part that was intact
ff and went af
ter the derelict He had to lie in the
ot the sea while be was getting
hfs hawser in, and sometimes I thought
n bodily. A
.: the i: vale continued
Hght our way inch
by inch to San Francisco. I think the
other half of the raft will arrive here
all right, for which we will all be thank
ful. The partial success of the venture
is mainly du<> to Captains Tonnesson and
Thompson. When that norther came up
many a man would have cast off his tow
and looked out for himself and his ship,
but they held on, and the result is that
we wiil bring into port at least four mil
lion feet of lumber out of the five that
left A- Ind the tugs."
The Monarch docked her half of the
. I section A of tho seawall, where
work of discharging It will begin to-
The lumber will be loaded direct
Into wagons and on to trucks, and In this
■way there will be a big saving In the
handling of !t.
W. 11. White, president of the L,. E.
White Lumber Company, died in thlfl city
rday of peritonitis. He cams to this
city about a week ago from Mendocino
and was taken sick, but did not think
enough of it to take to his bed. The dis
iped rapi<lly, however, and car
ried him off In a few hours. His father
died about two years ntro and left all his
large lumber and shipping interests to
him. Since then Mr. White has made his
home in Mendoclno County, but came fre
quently to S;tn Francisco to look after his
The deceased was a native
Bon, having been born in Mendocino forty
ago. He was the principal share
- in th<» (}r«enwood and Whltesboro
lumber mills and in the steamers Alca-
Aicfizar, Whltesboro and Greenwood.
He leaves a widow and a sister, Mrs.
Btewart, of Santa Rosa, The funeral will
place to-morrow from St. John's
Episcopal Church on Fifteenth street.
The much-talked-about schooner Free-
Trade arrived from Netarta Bay yester
day. It will be remembered that about
ntha ago Captain Moore g- o t up an
expedition to go in search of an island of
■■.hieh he asserted was located in the
lan group. He interested 11. Talbot
:i and several other wealthy Eng
lishman in this scheme and they put up
the money for the purchase and outfitting
of the Free Trade. When the schooner
reached Alaska. Moore, according to Mr.
Watson, put him and his fellow goldhunt
ers ashore and left them. When she
reached Netarts Bay Moore gave It out
that Watson, who was shipped as purs
th« vessel, had mutinied and had to
1 '■ put ashore along with his companions
In i-.rder to preserve peace aboard the yes-
Whlle the Free Trade was at Netarts
Hay Captain Moore and "his wife" (an
woman who claims to be Ills wife Is
waiting for him here in San Francisco)
wenfto Tillamook. While there they went i
ADVERTISEMENT&
Dr .Meyers' Electric Belt
Superior to all Others for Restoring
Weak and Debilitated Men
(^^^^^^^^m No Charge forMed-
HP MFVFPQ 731 Market St.,
*— ' *\« I V Cm I £__ lyw f THIRD IXOOB. BAN IBANGIBOO.
CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED.
Office Hours— to 12, 1 to 4 Dally; Evenings 7to 8j Sundays 9 to 11.
THE RfIFT BREAKING IN TWO.
"When off Crescent City a norther came up and In a few minutes the wind was blowing 85 miles an hour. The
tups barely held their own, and when the sea began to roll mountains high it broke the huge mass of lumber In two.
The tug Rescue at once went after the derelict half and the Monarch brought the other into port.
driving and the horse ran away, throw- j
ing the woman out of the buggy and Be
riously injuring her. She gave premature
Mrth to a child, and when the Fret.' Trade
left Netarta Bay was not expected to live.
Captain Moore remained behind to take
care of her and Captain Peottner brought |
ressel to San Francisco. The crew of
the vessel have not been paid since they
left San Francisco and it Is their inten
tion to libel the schooner to see if they
can get tlit ir wages in that way. They
say that Captain Moore sold H. Talbot
Watson's bath tub and all the luxuries
which that gentleman and his companions
provided for their comfort on the trip. '
When the Free Trade left here six months i
ago she looked a comfortable pleasure ;
boat; when she arrived here yesterday j
she was a typical lumber craft.
The tug Sea Witch arrived yesterday
from Hulfmoon Hay with the Bchooner
Mayflower in tow. The schooner was ,
1 bound hore from Oregon with a load of
! lumber, but owing to the compass being
1 out of order and a very heavy ioc; (!ap
! tain Olsen found himself in Halrmoon
Bay. There he came to an anchor and
i telephoned for a tug.
SUSPECTED OF ROBBERY.
Peter Georgeault at Present Detained
on a Charge of Vagrancy.
Peter Georgeault was booked at the
City Prison on a charge of vagrancy, but
the police hope to be able to place a
charge of robbery against him.
Early Monday morning Policeman Ca
ples, while on Kearny and Bush streets.
saw three men running down Bush
toward Kearny, and the rear one was
yelling that he had been robbed. They
turned north on Kearny and Caples
chased one of them, while the man robbed
continued in pursuit of the other. Caples
overtook his man, who proved to bo
Georgeault, at Pine street, and after a
r"ii£^i and tumble fight, in which the
officer's left knee was Injured, the hand
cuffs were placed on Georgeault.
The victim caught up with the other
robber and they had a fight, the robber
getting the better of his antagonist, and
making his escape. Caples was too much
interested In his own fight to attend to
the other, and when he had subdued
Georgeault the victim had gone. Now
the police want him to make him.~'-ii
known, and meantime the charge of va
grancy has been entered against George
ault.
Purchasing Soldiers' Shoes.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
! of Commerce, has received a letter from ■'
, Senator Perkins, inclosing a communiea- j
tlon from M. I. Luddington, the quarter
1 master general of the United States army, j
j relative to purchasing the shoes for the [
! first expedition that w^nt to Manila. It
will be remembered that several weeks ;
! ago the large commercial bodies of this j
i city sent a letter to the Pacific Coast
representatives at Washington, in which !
the complaint was made that the price ;
j paid for shoes in the East was greater ;
! than the same kind of goods could be >
I bought for in thiß city; that therf- was
d:si rimination against Western dealers, '■
! and that the price paid to Wanamaker
was $2 S4 per pair and thy could be ob
tained here for $2 25. Mr. Luddington i
states that there was a mistake, the price '
paid being $2 51 to $2 64 per pair. The j
shoes bought were up to the standard I
requirements and had to be rushed, as
; there was no time for the Pacific manu- .
facturers to make up a sufficient stock.
He disclaimed the implication that there :
has been any dificriminaflon against the
manufacturers of this coast.
Cut In the Abdomen.
Patrick Mulcahey, 3 Welsh street, was
reading a paper in his house Monday
night, when John Welsh, a neighbor,
came in and proceeded to thrash Mulca
hey. Welsh is a powerful man, and Mul
cahey, to defend himself, pulled out his
pocket knife and cut Welsh across the
auomen. Welsh was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital yesterday and was after
ward booked for drunk. Mulcahey had
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon
booked against him.
Kane Hoffman Still Missing.
Kane Hoffman, whose mysterious dis
appearance was referred to in The Call
last week, has not yet shown up and
his partner, Philip Fuller, 10 Sixth street,
yesterday asked the assistance of the
police in solving the mystery. June 27
Hoffman left the saloon, 10 Sixth street,
to go to the Cliff House, and that was
the last that was seen or heartf of him.
The Only Dandruff Cure
Is Smith's Dandruff Pomade. Never falls.
Guaranteed to give entire satisfaction.
For sale by all leading druggists. Sample
sent free by Smith Bros.. Fresno, Cal. •
Judge de Haven Leaves.
United States District Judge de Haven
Wt yesterday for Montana, where he will
remain two or three weeks, engaged In
the trial of a case. His place here during
his absence will he filled by United States
Judge Beatty of Idaho.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
THAT ELUSIVE
TERRA COTTA
It Still Holds Back the
Hall of Justice.
THE CONTRACTOR EVASIVE
HE IS TROUBLED WITH A VERY
DEFECTIVE MEMORY.
I Supervisors Postpone Action on Sev
eral Franchises Asked For
by the Southern
Pacific.
The Hall of Justice building 1 , on the site
of the old City Hall, will not be ready
for occupancy for many months, or per-
i haps years, unless Bateman Bros., the
: contractors, and the Supervisors, who
awarded them the contract to erect It, are
I made to understand that the Grand
i Jury does not intend countenancing any
further shameful and needless delay. At
a meeting of the Supervisors, held a week
ago, the contractors "believed" thai
"they might" have the building com
) pleied by October 1, and not require any
further extension of time. On that oc
:. it was represented that the delay
ny months was due to the fact that
the contractors could not procure the
necessary terra cotta work. A promise
was made that a contract would be en
tered into within a few days for the
cotta, and that the building would
>eedily completed. How well the
promise of speed has bee-n lived up to
me apparent yesterday at the regu
lar weekly meeting of the Supervisors.
After the reading of the report of the
Committee on Buildings, Mayor Phelan
asked if there bod been any further in
formation from the contractors as to
|wh< n they would complete arrangements
■cure terra cotta.
:-Judjre Sullivan, representing Con
tor Bateman, stated that his client
concluded a contract with Gladding,
lean & Co. to furnish Buch material,
that it would be several weeks be
fore they could begin to deliver the stock.
Contractor Batoman was then called
on for further explanations, but was very
hazy as to dates and agreements, being
confident only of the fact that he Wanted
Extension of time.
Mr. Bateman," said the Mayor,
y propor that you should forthe
' the public and the board make
statement of what you propose
the matter of completing this
building."
Bateman replied that Gladding & Me-
Bean were under heavy bonds to de
liver the terra cotta in a given time, but
would not state the period. He dodged
the question by stating that the delivery
of the material would begin shortly and
that he was doing all he could to push
the work along.
The Mayor was evidently in no pleasant
frame of mind, for he gave Bateman a
rude shock and placed him in a position
where he was obliged to be explicit.
"I have just come from Gladding & Mc-
Bean's," said Mayor Phelan, "and they
infnrmed me that they could not begin
to furnish the terra cotta in le?s than two
months, and that under their contract to
you they were not bound to complete the
delivery until the expiration of five
months. Now is that the case, Mr. Bate
man?"
Bateman finally acknowledged that
such was the contract. After many ex
planations as to the previous delays,
brought out by sharp questioning, he
stated that he thought the Hall of Jus
tice could be completed by the end of this
year.
"Will you guarantee that the building
will be ready by January 1, 1599?" asked
the Mayor.
"No, I could not well do that." stam
mered Bateman, "but we are doing the
best we can and hope to have It done by
that time."
Supervisor Britt stated that the com
mittee had made a thorough investigation
of the facilities for producing the terra
cotta, but were unable to understand just
why there should have been any such de
lay as had occurred.
As a precaution the Mayor ordered Con
tractor Bateman's statement regarding
the completion of the building entered on
the records.
There ends another chapter in the story
of the almost criminal delay in the erec
tion of the Hall of Justice building.
In order that the municipal expenses
Incurred between now and the third Mon
day of September, when the new tax levy
will be made, will be insured the Auditor
and Treasurer were instructed to figure
payments out on a basis of the assess
ment levied last year for the several
funds.
A resolution was passed to print author
izing the Treasurer to pay from the urg
ent necessity fund the claim of Joseph
1 nib. for painting the street corner signs
intended for the accommodation of strang
ers. -
The matter of granting franchises to the
Market street Railway Company to ex
tend certain of its lines so as to reach the
proposed Zoological Garden and the Af
filiated Colleges was laid over for one
week. If street cars are to be run on the
streets included In the franchises asked
for, a provision will be made compelling
the holder to carry policemen, letter car
riers, denntv hoalth officers, deputy street
superintendents and firemen free of
charge when they are in the discharge of
their duties. The franchises will be let
to the highest bidder, but inasmuch as the
lines sought to be traversed would only
benefit the Market Street Railway Com
pany there will not be any other bidders.
The petition of the San Francisco and
SanMateo Railway Company asking for
a franchise along one block on Howard
street and thence along East street to
the new ferry depot was favorably
passed. •."••"
Mayor Phelan was empowered to sell
the dilapidated ■ Cogswell fountain re
moved from the corner of Market and
Drumm streets, and turn the proceeds
Into the treasury for the benefit of the
street fund.
The Mission Athletic. National and
"Western Athletic clubs were granted li
censes to; hold sparring exhibitions next
month on the payment of | the ' necessary
license fee. The Excelsior Club was
granted similar privileges for a contest
this month. The free permits heretofore
granted to the Olympic. Jefferson, West
ern Addition, Alpine, , California, Excel- ■,
sior and Merchants' Athletic clubs were
revoked.
William M. Hinton Jr. was awarded the
contract for printing 2500 copies of tho
municipal reports.
The contract for paving Market street
from Fifth to Taylor street? was award
ed to Flinn & Treacey, on the bid or
$7100 for the work.
An ordinance introduced by Supervisor
Devany, granting the Southern Pacific
Company the right to maintain
and operate a double track on the road
bed now traversed by them from tno
Townsend street depot to the county lint),
was laid over one week for considera»
tion.
Similar disposal was made of an ordi
nance imposing a quarterly license of $3
on nickel-in-the-slot machines.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work
of the Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street Improvements passed by the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Willard street north, opposite intersection of
Golden Gate avenue— Storm water Inlet, etc., to
Fred Leffler.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Jessie, Herman to Thirteenth— Sewering.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Spruce, Sacramento to California— Sidewalks.
Fourteenth avenue, H to J— Grading.
Stanyan and Oak— Paving, rutterways, storm
water inlets, etc.
Filbert, Franklin to Gough— Curbing and
i paving.
Filbert, Octavia to Laguna—
Filbert, Lajjuna f Buchanan —
Filbert, Buchanan to Webster —
Filbert, Webster to Fill more— Same.
Filbert and Scott — Same.
Filbert, Scott to Devisadero— Same.
Filbert and Baker — Same.
Greenwich, Van Ness avenue to Franklin—
Same. ■
Greenwich and Franklin— Paving.
Greenwich, Franklin to Gough — and
paving.
Greenwich and Gough — Paving.
Greenwich, Gough to Octavia — Curbs and pav
ing.
Greenwich, Octavia to Laguna— Curbs and
paving.
Greenwich and Laguna— Paving.
Greenwich, Laguna to Buchanan— Curbs and
paving.
Greenwich and Buchanan — Paving.
Greenwich, Buchanan to Webster— Curbs "and
paving.
Greenwich and Webster—
Greenwich. Webster to Flllmore — Paving.
Greenwich, Fillmore to Steiner — Curbs and
paving.
Greenwich and Steiner — Paving.
Greenwich, Steiner to Pierce — and pav
ing.
Greenwich and Pierce— Paving.
Greenwich, Pierce to Scott— Paving and curb-
Ing.
Greenwich and Scott— sewers, culverts,
curbs and sidewalks.
Greenwich, Scott to Devisadero — pav
ing and pipe sewer.
Greenwich and Devisadero— Pipe sewers, etc.,
curbs and sidewalks.
Greenwich. Pevisadero to Broderlck —
and pipe sewer.
Greenwich and Broderlck— Pipe sewers, etc.,
curbs and paving.
Greenwich, Broderick to Baker— Curbing and
paving.
Greenwich and Baker— Paving.
Greenwich, Baker to Lyon— Curbs and pav
ing.
Filbert. Gough to Octavia— Curbs and pav
ing. -;■ '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4--*"f ♦♦♦ -f-f «f ±±±& ± ± ±±*±±±±** + 'k+ ♦♦ *♦ ♦44
;■ ■ ■• • I
i •[■':■ .:■:■■'■-'.'■ ■ : I
I Not Our Style f
4. We need not advance our price on tea ; we ♦ .
might lower the quality and sell you old teas. >
♦ That's not our style of doing business. When +
4- new tea comes in we want you to have it. "♦■
+ Yes, we even pay Uncle Sam's war tax until !+
t July 15th. After that you pay. +
: - :
I 00 1 US/ Good Health to the X
: Ult I (ill Boys in Blue +
X ■ ■- ■ +
r WITH -f
I America's Best Tea. :
x *
+ Quality , Prices "♦"
-f. Best Obtainable. Lowest in America.
: Great American Importing Tea Co. \
+ ' SPEAKING FOR THEIR
X 108 Money Saving Stores. +
4. 1011 Market St. CITY STORES. 146 Ninth Si *
+ 1011 Market St. 2008 Fillmore St. 146 Ninth St
+ 140 Sixth St. 3006 Sixteenth St. 506 Kearny St. +
X 1419 Polk St. 2510 Mission St. 3285 Mission St. -f
+ 355 Hayes St. 1819 Devisadero St 521 Montgomery Ay. ' "♦"
+ 218 Third St 52 Market St. ' 705 Larkin St. X
♦ 1190 Kentucky St. ♦
+ OAKLAND STORES. *
J 1052 Washington St., Oakland. / 1510 Seventh St., W. Oaklani +
+ 917 Broadway, Oaklani 616 E. Twelfth St., Oaklani +
♦ • 131 San Pablo Aye., Oakland. 1355 Park St.. Alameda. +
♦ ■■' - V v ' ';' X
: A Good Time :
: to Buy Tea. I
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Broderlck. Geary to Post— Curbs and paying.
Garden avenue, Devlsadero to Broderlck—
Same.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Bryant, Sixteenth to Mariposa— Bitumen.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Waller, Pierce to Scott— Bitumen.
BIDS ORDERED REJECTED.
Hyde, Union to Filbert— Paving.
Harwood alley, Filbert to southerly terminus
of Harwood alley — Same.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Hyde. Filbert to Union— Property owners for
place, Filbert, southeasterly, Kear
nv to Dupont— Same.
"Seventh avenue and A street— Same for sew
ering.
Sixth avenue and A— Same.
Brosnan. Valencia to Guerrero— Same Tor
paving.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Haight and Shrader— To City Improvement
Company, sixty days on paving.
Haight and Cole— Same.
Haight and Clayton— Same.
Haight and Ashbury— Same.
Lagnna. Lombard to Greenwich— Same.
Sixth. Channel to Hooper— To Union Paving
Company, sixty days on paving.
Sixth, Hooper to lrwln— Same.
Sixth and Hooper— Same.
Sixth and Irwin— Same.
Church Thirteenth to Hermann— Same.
California, easterly line of Cherry to same or
First avenue— Same. _ ,
Sutter and Grant avenue— To Union Paving
Company, thirty days on paving.
Putter, Grant avenue to Ktarny— Same.
Filbert, Polk to Van Nees avenue— To prop
erty-owners, sixty clays on paving.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— To Warren &
Malley, ninety days on grading. „—,_»..
Railroad avenue, northeasterly line of k-ignt
eenth, south to southwesterly line of Twenty
fourth—To John Kelso, ninety days on graa
"ciiurch and Thirteenth— To J. J. Dowling,
sixty days on grading.
Grove and Masonic avenue— To property-own
ers, ninety days on grading and paving.
Grove, Clayton to Cole — Same.
Grove and Clayton— Same.
Masonic avenue, Fulton to Grove— Same.
Clayton. Fulton to Grove— Same.
Ashbury, Fulton to Grove— Pame.
Grove, "Masonic avenue to Ashbury— Same.
Masonic avenue. Grove to Hayes— Same.
Ashbury, Grove to Hayes— Same.
Clayton, Grove to Hayes— Same.
Ashbury and Grove— Same.
Grove, Ashbury to Clayton— Same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Laussat avenue, Fillmore to Steiner— Andrew
Burke for construction of sewer.
Pierce, Primrose to Daisy— Property-owners
for paving. _
AValler, Waller to Thirteenth-Same.
Fair Oaks and Twenty-fifth— Edward F. Del-
BC Van r N>siTa venue. Bay street to the water's
edge— ll. E. Law for opening and extending
Sacramento and Drumm— Charles E. Gibbs
for permission to construct plank sidewalk.
Point Lobos avenue. Central to First—Prop
erty owners for paving.
A, Sixth to Seventh avenues— Property own
ers for sewering.
Fifteenth. Vermont to Kansas— Property own
ers for same.
Golden Gate avenue, Lyon to Central avenue
—Property owners for revocation of contract
to Flinn & Treaey.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
De Long avenue and Frederick— Property
owners against paving.
Filbert, Buchanan to Webster— Same.
Bryant and Nineteenth— Same.
Bryant and Twentieth— Same.
Army, Noe to Castro— k rank Relchlin against
grading.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET
LIGHTS COMMITTEE.
Turk and Taylor— Huttner and Rose c for
erection of electric sign.
Tremont avenue, Waller to Frederick—Prop
erty owners for electric poles and lights.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVI
OUS SESSION.
Market, Fifth to Taylor— ln favor of award
ing contracts to lowest bidders for street work.
Fourth, Market to Mission— Same.
Harrison, Main to Spear— Same.
Hyde. Union to Fi oert— ln favor of rejecting
bids* for street work.
Harwood alley. Filbert to southerly termina
tion of former— Same.
• 'hf-Ftnut, Hyde to Larkin— ln favor of at
once commencing paving.
Joneß. Pacific to Jackson— ln favor of re
scinding resolution ordering paving pending the
provision of the necessary manholes for pipe
Shotwell. Howard to Capp— ln favor of grad
ing and sewering.
Treat avenue. Twenty-sixth to Precita ave
nue — In favor of same.
Twenty-sixth, Bryant to Potrero avenue— ln
favor of same.
Harwood place, Filbert southerly, between
K^arny and Dupont— ln favor of paving by
private contract.
Palmer, Randall to Fairmount— ln favor of
grading.
Sixth and A— ln favor of sewering.
Brosnan, Valencia to Guerrero— ln favor of
paving.
Haight and Central avenue — Against paving.
Sacramento and Drumm— ln favor of plank
sidewalk.
Eleventh, X to L— Against grading.
M street south. Eighth to Ninth avenue
south— ln favor of pipe sewer.
Ninth avenue south, Mto A south— ln favor
of grading.
Belvedere street— ln favor of sidewalks.
Seventh and A street— ln favor of sidewalks.
Mississippi, Nineteenth to Twentieth — In fa
vor of paving.
Hyde, Filbert to Union— Same.
Other petitions reported on adversely or filed.
In the orange fields of New Zealand the
crop has been known to net as high as
£200 an acre.
f ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
000000000 00000000 000000000000000
°?-- ■ '.■';,■ : -'i :^'^-.'''r : /-^ :: -.' ■"", :■"; <:*■;'>■ 'ft^-^O'i
O Mr. P. C. Hale- (the first' of the five buyers
from this store) left for the East on Saturday. O
O lie buys some of the "pood goods," which \ve *»
n shall sell at "Hole's prices." «*
o jm^_^ o
2 ■ o
i clean-up
0 .0
o it's vacation within and without-- • g
o you're going out of town and our °
0 stock has to go out of the store ; . ©
© we're cleaning up—odd sizes, o
© small balances of big purchases, o
g are now on sale and every day °;
1 something will be cleaned out at g
o remarkably low prices ; every de- °
o partment is being cleaned up, o
g 'specially dress goods, wash goods, o
2 gloves and underwear. o
o °
o clean=up clean=up o
° pillow cases rich ribbons ©
q Hemmed; 45x36 inches, of Nearly 100 yards heavy qual- i ff" ?
j q extra good muslin— not made to "9 I ) ity all-silk moire and plain taffeta IHP
a sell at this price, but we're going I If* ribbon, 4 inches wide, 15 colors.. |uU °
** to gladden the hearts of thoss I ZU O
6 who want pillow cases each ; c l ean =up O
® clean=up veiling o
O figured laWnS Neat ly 400 yards double-width °
! OAznn . — j i j veiling, 27 inches wide, dotted ©
I O 4500 yards Figured Lawns and *■ h t tuxedo , j_j ' . " cv o
O Organd.es. those small, da.nty | some worth as high as 50c yard M 0 O
I © patterns so preferred th.s season ; , Now .JJ [ij.L «
;q delicate two-tone combinations prp r ■ ■** w
nin new cords and stripes, trellis- Ti P , ©
£ work effects WU Clean =Up O
° clean-up j handkerchiefs %
2 flnnnplpffp r*laiHc About 300 dozen ladies' white O
O Tianneieiie piaiUS Swiss embroidered scalloped O
| © Bonnie doon plaids and mottled I" ' ! border handkerchiefs, some re^u- f\ q
| O effects in light colors. (Limit of *lP larly worth as high as 16% c. UP >
O 10 yards to each customer) „ \3%3 Cleanup Ull 'i
o clean=up clean=up o
° Dallas sheeting underwear ®
o In limited quantity — every , Nearly 8 dozen muslin gowns, Q
o housew.fe knows the brand and d h , it tuck .c ft
O its worth-this sheeting is " " , j embroidery trimmed neck and <RP «
« bleached, 81 inches wide. Our i f|^ front , full cut and full length \J\J[j g-
© price (limit of 10 yards to each IP. ww*# Q
© customer) ' IUU clean-up O
o clean=up o
o clean=up silks 0
; o ribbOnS. Some 20 odd pieces of this °
q Nearly 1000 yards heavy qual- season's Jacquard silks in fancy ®
a ity pure silk moire and plain df|[ # checks, honeycomb overplaids, PA ©
** taffeta ribbons, 3}£ inches wide, I /nP ; bright colors the quality is a HliP ©
© in 15 desirable colors I £mJ.\f \ dollar's worth — the price is but.. *J U U O
0 937 = 939 := = 943 = 945 = 947 Market Street o
0 o
° "The goods we advertise are the goods we sell." o
© o
COOQQOOOOQOOQQOOOQQOOOOQOOQCOOOOOOOQ
AMUSEMENTS.
IiiSGO'SGRAKi
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices 25c and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery 10c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
WELCOME HOME.
Special Engagement of the Sterling Romantic
Actor,
JAMES M. BROPHY
In the Famous American War Drama,
HELD by the ENEMY
POWERFUL CAST. NEW SCENERY.
PATRIOTIC EFFECTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), July 6.
Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony 10c. Chil-
dren 10c any part.
MRS. ALICE J. SHAW AND DAUGHTERS,
the Whistling Prima Donnas: DOUGLAS &
FORD, Novelty Dancers: THE FOUR CO-
HANS, "Running, for Office": THREE WAT-
SON SISTERS and A MORA. Sensational
Aeriallsts; FALKE & SEMON. Musical Artists;
CHARLES WAYNE, Comedian Eccentrlque;
ANNA CALDWELL. Comedienne; JONES,
GRANT & JONES, Colored Trio; THE TWO :
JUDGES, . Acrobatic Equilibrists. j
COLUMBIA THEATER.
I ACT 5 NIGHTS.
JL/\"O I MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Presenting the Great Military Drama Success,
FORT FRAYNE,
By Brigadier General Charles King and Sher- !
idan-Sutherland.
Crowded to the Doors Each Evening. ,
Next Monday — The Comedy, "Lost— 24 Hours."
DASHES-QUICK ACTION—NO DELAYS
RACES! |l|i=£# RACES!
! TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
EVERY WEEK DAY.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
ADMISSION FREE.
(Ladles free to grand stand. 50c admits gen-
tlemen to grand stand, betting ring and pad-
dock.) : • :
Races Commence at 2 O'clock.
Trains connecting with the 12, 1:30 and 2
o'clock boats stop at the track.
STILL GAINING HIS "WEIGH." j
CHUTES AND ZOO
CANNON, THE SWISS 613-POUNDER !
And a Great Vaudeville Show in the
- FREE THEATER. .• V'mV.
RARE ANIMALS IN, THE ZOO.
SEE THE NEW MOVING WAR PICTURES.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, Bo;
HI VMDTA I Comwr of M»»on and
UL ]Vl^ lA I Eddy SUM*
GREATEST NEW BILL OF THE SEASON.
TOM RYAN, "the Mad Musician"; MUR-
RAY & REYNOLDS, Change Artists; BAR-
NEY REYNOLDS, LA ROYCE SISTERS,
MAUD ROCKWELL, LA MONT and 810- i
GRAPH, With War Scenes. Admission Free.
Matinee Sunday. ■■ - '*
SUTRO BATHS.
* OF»EIN NIGHTS.
1 Open Dally from 7 a.m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 5c
Bathing* vlUt admission. 25c; children, 2<H>.
AMUSEMENTS.
_._.._ _ _ _
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Urß.Erneßtlne Krellng. Proprietor and Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
REGAL REVIVAL OF
Gilbert & Sullivan's Favorite Opera,
"THE MIKADO!"
GREAT CAST!
Superb Chorus. Enlarged Orchestra. Beautlrul
Scenery. Correct Costumes. Appro-
priate Accessories.
NEXT WEEK
Yon Suppe's Martial Opera,
"FATINITZA
Popular Prices 25c and 500
No Telephone.
\J (~1 \ rj » pv Seats Re«emd—
ALCAZAR. 150,250,350,500
LAST WEEK OF \ .i ' '-:.v
LEWIS MORRISON
In Platt's Historical Comedy.
FREDERICKTHE GREAT
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2:15.
Next Monday Night— MORRISON'S SPEC-
TACULAR FAUST.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. -
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK
Stockwell'a Revival of ■ r- : •-
IJINGLE TOM'S CABIN |
Popular Prices— soc, 35c, 25c and lac.
MATINEE SATURDAY— Any Seat 25c.
0"O6OO60006OO0OOO0O
V- PALACE «D« D
I GRAND hotels o
o SAN FRANCISCO. • v q
jT Connected by a covered passageway. ). j*
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *»
O All Under One Management. O
© > NOTE THE PRICES: O
n European Plan. .oo per day and upward n
American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward"
Q Correspondence Solicited. q
q JOHN C. EIBKPAT&iCK, Manager. Q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
DR.MCNDMY. •
rrHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLTABL"E OLt»
J. Specialist Nervous, Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
TO years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Term* reasonable. Hoors. 9 to 3
daily ; 6:30 to 8.30 cv'ex Sundays, 10 to 22. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential, caii or address
1». ROKCOE ItrNtLTT, St. ».-
26'^ KEARNY STREET, SAN rRAMCISCO, -CAL
fiPlh Cklehecter's Ensllsh DiMaond Brand. ■■-"
PCkleaeater's Easll«li Diamond
ENNYROYAL PILLS
» -<£~X Orlelnol and Only Gcnnine. A
S-j/n-i?\ SAFE ' aJ»»J» reliable, ladies uk jS\
ftJIS (MM Draggiit for Chicher'trt Sngit*li Z>i-iißV\
U*NiMSfs*V<;>,Hi<m<i Brand in Bed »nd Gold nici-J'.iiVVfV
MS -OKfl'wilH, Haled wttt blue ribbon. Take VSr
|tj "S^ §VJ BO other. Refutt dangerous tubtHtu- !w
I / ~ fw lion* and imitation: At Druggists, or lend 4«,
IW JJf In «tnmp» for j>»rttcnl»r». tcstiraonliU aad
V^C* » "Belief for Ladles," in lnu~. bj retara
~*C^Ar MtlL 10.000 TrMlmoolals. Xma* Piper.
• ***/ Chl"be»t»rChemloolOo.,Mndl»<mBqßaf«
bid bj ail Loetl Ongtmi. - 1 -- 1 • i»£, I*^
The pur« essential extract from the native drug. Cbn>
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opl.irq
without <ts noxious elements. No ticfcncM cf stomach:
ao Tomit.ng ;no cosiivtiie? s ,no headache. AU Druggista
\M. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room* 1015, Claus Sprockets Bid*.' :
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California (treat. b*lo*
Powell, 6aa Fraaciaca.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARI,
Silver advanced.
1jB.t(1 Oil declined. '
New York Exchange lower.
Produce Exchange not in session
Potatoes rather lower. Onions unchanged.
Light receipts of fruit and vegetables.
Apricots advanced. Peachei steady.
Dried fruits dull.
Provisions quiet.
Hides rather lower.
Wool and Hops unchanged
Pork slightly higher.
Beef an<l Mutton unchanged.
Manila Cordage booming in the Eaat.
OUR CANNED GOODS IN ENGLAND.
A steady salmon market Is reported, without
Rny large dealings from first hands, though
the consumptive demand Is fairly good, says
the London Grocers' Gazette of June 18. For
the ISS^B pack there is but little if any business
passing, '.he prices fixed for the new pack he
ing higher than the prices of spot goods, and
hence an entire absence of inducement to
speculate. Supplies • v California!! iruits are In
such small compass that business in re
stricted. Prices continue high. More business
has been dune in the lv-s pack, for which the
prices are about 30 per cent above those quoted
at this time last year, and packers statt* that
the pack will be a short one.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 6, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka. 56; Fresno, 104; Los Angeles, 74; Red
Bluff, M; Independence, 90; San Diego, 68; Sac
ramento, 80; Pan Luis niuspo, 78; Yuma, 104.
San Francisco temperature — Maximum. 56;
minimum. 48; mean, , r 2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure is rising over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope. It Is falling over the
upper Missouri Valley and eastward. An fx
•> area of low pressure overlies Arizona,
•Utah, Wyoming and the Dakotas.
The temperature has risen rapidly over East
ern Arizona and has fallen over Idaho. Eastern
Washington and Eastern Oregon. Throughout
rnla It has remained nearly stationary.
Light rain has fallen ever Western Washing
ton and Northern i >r<' ».:•"' n.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Carson City, 25 miles per hour from
the west; Idaho Falls. 36, southwest.
Foit asts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 6. IS9S:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday: light
northerly winds inland; fresh westerly winds
aloni; the c i.<t.
Southern < 'allfnrnla--Fair Wednesday; warm
er along the c.-ast: fresh westerly winds.
via. Fair Wednesday.
Utah— ClOUdy We.lnrp.lay.
Arizona Cloudy Wf.inosd.ly.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
.warmer; fresh westerly winds.
Bpeclal report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear: wind west. 24 miles per hour;
temperature. 75; maximum. 77.
ALEXANDER McADIB,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July Wall street to-day
offered one of Its most confusing markets to the
outside observer or Inexperienced speculator. |
Tel the opening burst of animation and
strength, the subsequent reaction and the
final conflicting tendency of Individual stocks j
all had their rational motives. At first view
there ■..is every reason to expect a strong and I
well sustained market throughout the day on
account of the glorious achievement of the
United States navy and the Imminence of
capitulation by the Spanish forces in Santiago.
There was a rush to buy at the opening and
bears who had the temerity to remain short
of stocks over the triple holiday scrambled to j
cover. London also bought quite eagerly.
Stocks which had recently been under bear
pressure, notably People's Gas and Sugar and i
the Internationals, showed the sharpest ad- '
vances. But the fact was equally obvious that i
quite a number of stocks which have been
pushed up in face of the recent lethargy were
Buffering from profit taking. After the urgent
demand from the shorts had been satisfied the
profit taking sales dominated largely, reduc
ing all th" earlier advances, and In many cases
carrying prices well below last Friday's close.
The chief sufferers were Brooklyn Transit,
Rock Island and Burlington. Sugar also do
veloped marked weakness before the close. It
Is a measure of great confidence which has
been felt in Admiral Sampson and his fleet
that the actual demolition of the Spanish
Fquadron should have been met with selling
of stocks as an event that had been thoroughly
discounted. It is quite possible that the later
weakness represented in some degree a dampen- j
ing of enthusiasm caused by reports that the j
projected bombardment and reduction of Pan
ttagO were to be postponed. There was I
significance in the fact that the opening of th? '
new fiscal year and the usual large release of
funds were not reflected In any marked degree
for speculation or investment In the stock
market.
This Is Indicative of the continued doubt as '
to the exact effect of the money market which ,
will result from the taking up of. the Govern
ment loan on July 14.
Bonds reflected a more steady demand than
in the stocks and prices were more generally
firm. Total sales, $2.5' 1 0.000.
Closing quotations of Government bonds were
uncharged from Friday.
The total sale* of stocks to-day were 255,400
shares, including: Atchlson. 3220: Atchi'-on Pr<"- i
ferred. 12.271: Chesapeake and Ohio. 300; Bur- ;
line-ton. 18.345: Louisville ard Nashville, v;:.
Manhattan. 9071: Missouri Pacific. MOO; New ■
York Central. 4120: Northern Pacific, 8275;
Northern Pacific preferred, 10,575; American To
bacco. 15. 905; Chlcaco and Great Western. 3101; j
General Electric, 12,118; Pullman, 4735; Ameri
can Sugar, 25.975: Western Union, 4611.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13% Do prefd 149
Do prefd 33% St P & Om 76%
Baltimore & Ohio 14%! Do prefd 152
Canada Pacific .. &3% St P M i M 142%
Canada Southern. 51% Bo Pacific 19
Central Pacific .. 13% So Railway SVi
Ches & Ohio 23 | Do prefd 30%
Chi & Alton 158% Texas A Pacific 12%
Chi B & Q 105% Union Pac prefd. 60
Chi & E 111 67% P D & G 6%
C C C & St L.... 41 Wabash 7
Do prefd !>6% Do prefd 18%
Del. & Hudson ..111 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del L & \V 155 Do prefd 9
Den &R a 12% Express Companies-
Do prefd 50% Adams Ex 99
Erie (new) 13% American Ex 12$
Do Ist prefd 35% United States 40
Fort Wayne 170 Wells Fargo US
Gt Nor prefd 12G .Miscellaneous—
Hocking Valley... 06 A Cot Oil 21'
Illinois Central .. 105 Do prefd 74
Lake Erie & W... 16 Anin Spirits 12%
Do prefd 70 Do prefd 35%
Lake Shore lSG'i Am Tobacco 120%
Louis & Nash.... f-3% Do prefd 109%
Manhattan L .... 104% People's Gas ..... 95%
Met St Rv 159 Cons Gas 197
Mich Central .... 103% Com Cable C 0... 160
Minn & St L.... 25% Col F & Iron 21%
Do Ist prefd.... 89 Do prefd M
Mo Pacific 35 Gen Electric 39%
Mobile & 0hi0... 25 Illinois Steel ..... 07
Mo X & T 11 Laclede Gas 49%
Do prefd 34% Lead 34%
Chi Ind & L 10 Do rrefd 106*4
Do prefd 30 Nat Lin Oil 1C
N J Central 93% Pacific Mail 29%
NY Central 115?* Pullman Palace... 209
N V Chi & St L.. 12% Silver Certificates 59
Do Ist Drefd.... «7 Stand R & T 6
Do 2d prefd 32 Sugar 130%
Nor West 14 Do Drefd ...." 113
No Amer Co ..... 5% TC & Iron 25
No Pacific ....... 29* V S Leather 7%
Do prefd 69% Do prefd 05H
Ontario & W..... 15 |U S Rubber . 24% :
Or R & Nay....... 49 Do prefrl ■ 88%
Or Short Line.... 28 .West Union 92%
Pittsburg 170 C & N W 125%
Beading 19 ! Do prefd 171 '
Do Ist prefd.... 45% St L & S W 4%
Rock Island ..,.. '.'6% Do prefd ]o'4
8t Louie & S F... 7% R C, w 2#i
Do Ist pre'd Cl% Do prefd .' 60%
Do 2d prefd.... 29U.CM G W 14%
St Paul !<;'% Haw Com Co 23%
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 new 4s reg.. 124 NJ C 1a.... ... 112
Do' coup 124 N Carolina 6s 125
U S 4s 110 Do 4s lU2
Do coup 110% No Pac Ist* 115
Do 2ds .*.. 95 Do 3s 62%
IT Brs reg 112% Do 4s 97 T J
Do ts c0up...... 112% N T C & St L 4s. 105%
Dlßtric 3.65s 116 Nor &W 6s 122%
Ala class A 107 Northwstrn cons. 142
,Do B 102% Do deb us: 116%
Do C M O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay 45.. BCi;
Atchißon 48 $3% O 8 Line Cs tr.... 126%
Do prefd 68 OS Line us tr.... 105
Can So 2ds 109 Pacific 6s of 95.. 101%
Chi Term 4b 86 Reading 4s S4V4
C & Ohio 5s 114 It G\V lste 89
C 11 it O 4%8.... 104% St LAc I M C f,n 98
D& R G lsts 108 St L&S F G 6s. 117
D & R Q 4s 52% St P Con 143%
East Term Utß.. 107% St PC & p lsts. 117%
Erie Gen 4s 73% Do 5s us
I" W& D lsts tr. 75 So Railway 55.... 93%
Gen Eleo 5s 103 Stand R& T 65.. 69%
GH& S A 65.... 105 Term new set 3s 96
Do 2ds 102 T&P L G lsts.. 106
H & T C 6b 110 Do Rg 2ds 40
Do con 6s 108 Union Pac 45..... 97
lowa C lste 101 UPD & G lsts.. G2%
La new cons 45.. 102 Wab Ist tos 110
L & N Unl 45.... 88V* Do 2ds 86%
Missouri 6s 100' W Shore 4s losvi
M X & T 2ds 63% Va Centuries 70
Do 4s 89% Do deferred ... 04
N Y. Central lsts. 115% D P prefd GO
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ........... 03 i Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 06 Ophlr .....;.. 14
Con Cai & Va.... l£|Plymouth 12
Dead wood 30 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry 05 Do.prefd 200
Hale & Norcross.. 40 Sierra Nevada ... 40
Homestake 45 00 Standard 165
Iron Sliver 65 Union Con 10
Mexican 05 Yellow Jacket 07
. BOSTON.
BOSTON, July s.— Atchison. 13V4: Bell Tele
phone, 274%; Burlington, 105%; Mexican Cen
tral, 6; Oregon Short Line. — ; San Diego, — .
MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, July s.— Money on call steady,
1@1J» per cent; last loan, 1U per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3 (ft 4 per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 85»i@4 S6 for demand and $4 S4'i@
4 84% for sixty days. Posted rates. $4 85*4 and
I*4 87. Commercial bills, $4 S3*4. Silver certifi
j cates, 59<§"59&c. Bar silver, 59V4c. Mexican dol
lars, 45Hc. Government bonds, firm. State
bonds, dull. Railroad bonds, firm.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, July The Evening Post's
j London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here had a firm opening to-day, but
they became dull later and the rise which had
occurred in Americans was replaced by a fall,
the selling being attributed to New York.
i Interest here now centers more especially in
Kaffirs, and if the public responds to the bait
which Is offered them by the professional wire
pullers Americans may lag behind. At the
same time there is no Inclination to minimize
! the Importance of the American victories.
1 Consols were lower, as also many other
high-class investments, owing to the Issue of
an Indian loan for £6,000.000 bearing 2Vi per
; cent Interest and offered at the low minimum cf
186 per cent. .;'<*,
The Bank of England to-day sold £202,000 in
, German coin, while £200,000 was withdrawn for
i Holland. More is expected to go to Germany
to-morrow, the money being wanted there and
; the rates of interest being much in excess of
i those current here.
CLOSING.
i Canadian Pacific. £6%; Grand Trunk, 8H; bar
silver steady, 27 & 3 d per ounce; money. *4 per
j cent.
Spanish 4's closed at 33%, a net advance of H
PARIS, July s.— Spanish 4's closed at 34. 4f>4.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 5.— FLOUR— Receipts. 35.
000 barrels; exports. 25,345 barrles. Rather
weak, but not generally lower except in some
of the top grades.
WHEAT— Receipts, 49,925 bushels; exports,
572.577 bushels. Spot firm: No. 2 red, 90c, f. o.
b. afloat. Options opened easy and developed
further weakness, which lasted all day, the
close beinfr 2'fr2' t o lower. Weekly statistics and
the cash situation were both somewhat bullish,
hut eased off on improved crop conditions. No.
2 red, July, 81%®82%c. closed SlVic; Septem
ber, 72%@75%c. closed 73'sc
H< >ps- Quiet.
Wi )OL— Dull.
METALS— Several departments of the local
market exhibited a firmer undertone and
slightly more activity, but taken generally the
situation is without material <-hange. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
I'M IRON— Warrants, dull, with $6 50 bid
and $6 Rf> asked.
LAKE copper— Unchanged, with $1173 bid
and $11 S7'-2 asked.
TlN— Higher, with $15 75 bid and $15 85
asked.
LEAD— Very firm; $4 bid and $4 05 asked.
SPELTER— NominaI at *5.
The firm naming the settling: price for lead
ing: Western miners and smelters quotes Lead
<'< iFFEE- Options opened steady at un
changed prices t" 5 points decline, ruled Inact
ive and featureless with weak undertone, abso
lutely no speculative interest, and closed with
dull undertone, 5 points lower. Saies, 1750
bags, Including September, $565. Spot Coffee—
Rl i, dull and nominal; No. 7 invoice, «' 4 c: No.
7 jobbing, 6%c: mild, dull; Cordova, Bt4»l£c.
SniAR-Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3%1-; cen
trifugal yS tent, 4'» c; refined, quiet, but about
ft' ady.
liI'TTER- Receipts. 27,075 packages. Quiet;
Western Creamery, 13%®l«Hc; Elglns, 16% c;
factory, lie.
BOOS— Receipts, 14,450 packages. Quiet;
western, I2' : : i, 13.-.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July. s.— California Dried Fruit,
quiet but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@Sc;
prime, wire tray. :• i< ; ; . . wood dried, prime,
'jV"c: choice. r-'-o;r -'-o; fancy,. 9%c.
PRUNES— 4@i%c-
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8%@10c; Moorpark, 10@
12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. s@9c; peeled, 12ijjl6c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July s.— Wheat started weak and
remained in that condition until the end of the
session. Improved crop reports and fine
weather where harvesting is In progress ;
brought out a large line by people who bought
in short last week and were anxious to get out
again. The weakness of Continental Europe
also had some effect. The pressure here came
mainly from local professionals and fit. Louis.
There was a slight rally from bottom prices
near the close on the steady advance at Liv
erpool, which showed an advance of l%®4d
over the previous close. Statistics were bull
ish. Exports since Friday were liberal, 1,160, •
COO bushels. July closed with a loss of 2c and
September declined 2V"- V .
There was a fair cash demand for Corn.
Prices ruled weak with wheat, however, and
on the early liquidation of two or three large
lines July closed %c lower.
Oats sympathized with Wheat and Corn. July
lost %c on the day. Better prices for Hogs at
the yards started provisions higher. The ad
vance was soon lost, however, on moderate
selling by packers. Pork lost sc. Lard 10c and
Ribs sfj7%c. ■ ■_:•■■..
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 76% 77 74% 74%
September 71 71 C 77 65%
December 70% 70% 67% 68%
Corn No. 2—
July 32% S2* 31% 31%
September 33' i 33% 32 ! 32%
December 33% 33% 33 33
Oats No. 2—
July 22<4 22% 21% 21%
September 20% 20% 13% 13%
May 23 23 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 9 47% 9 47% 9 37% 9 37%
September .....9 75 9 75 9 CO 9 62%
Lard, per ICO lbs —
July : 5 22%
September 5 47% 5 47% 5 32%. 635
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 525 525 C 22% 5 22%
September 5 42% 5 42% 535 . 535
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and easy; No. 2 spring wheat, 75<3S0c; No. 3
spring wheat. 70fiSOc; No. 2 red. Ss2<BSse; No.' 2
corn, 31*40; No. 2 oats. 21 %c; No. 2 white. 2"c:
No. 3 white, 24c; No. 2 rye, 44% c; No. 2 bar
ley, 31tf?34c; No. 1 flaxsf.-d, $1 07; prime timothy
seed, $2 65; mess pork, per bbl. $9 37V" 1 BO;
lard, per 100 It>B, $5 22%ig5 25; short ribs sides
(loose), $."> 15©'5 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
$! 50@4 75; short clear sides (boxed), $5 C'i ■■•■:.". 70.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls IS.fiOO 15.700
Wheat, bush 2,000 88.600
Corn, bush 565,700 632,900
Oats bush 456.500 261.300
Rye, bush 11.900 64,500
Darley, bush 9.900 11.400
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Tiuttcr
market was easy; creameries, 14$ 16c; dairies,
Il(gl3c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 10c.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fri'it Company made sales at auc
tion of California Fruit as follows:
MONTREAL, July 4.— Pears— Bartlett, half
boxes, $2 05. Peaches— St. John, 51 30; crates,
$1 50; Hale's Early, $1 33; crates, $1 42. Plums
— Hurbank, $1 15Q3 30. average $2 01; Mikado,
$1 45; Abundance, $1 SO; Purple Duane, $1 98.
Prunes— Tnigody, $1 89; Simonl, $1 75. Apricots
-Royal, $1 31.
CHICAGO, July s.— Pears— Bartlett. $1 75®
2 30, average $2 10. Apples— Alexander, $1 38.
Peaches— Hales Early, 68c. Prunes— Tragedy,
!$1 35. Plums— Peach, $1 05; Royal Hatlve, SOc.
i Nine cars sold.
NEW YORK. July 5.— Pears— Bartlett. $3 10fJ
4 2.', average $3 35: TJeurre Gifford, single crates,
tl 09. Prunes — Tragedy. $1 15ffi 1 65, average
jsl 29. Plums— Abundance. $1 lo<gi 25. average
Jl 14; Peach. 90c(£$l 65, average $1 49; Royal
Hatlve. 75c'j)$1. average SSc; Purple Duane,
Jl 4)001 70. average $1 45; St. Catherine, Ssc.
Peaches -Hale's early, KOCuJi 40, average 89c;
Br!gg:<' May, KcMi2 35. average $1 40. Cherries
—Royal Anne, 40c'a$l 10, average 74c; Repub
lican, 75cf['S1 55, average $1 09; Tartarian, 6!k'@
il 05, average S7c. Apricots — Royal, 55c@$l 25,
average !)3c. Fourteen cars sold.
BOSTON. July s.— Prunes— Tragedy, $1 35(3!
16. average Jl r.2; Simonl. $l(fiil 65. average
Isl 45. Plums— Uurbank, 9Ocosl w>, average $1 33;
j Abundance, !)oc«iir>o. average $133; California
Red, $1 90. Pf aches— BriKßs 1 May, $1 04; St.
John, $1; Hale's Eiirly, a'C'ifl. average 79c.
Pears— Heurre Clifford, single crates, average
71c Seven cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA. July s.— Prunes— Tragedy,
average $1 41. Plums — Hurbank. 75c(fj$l 50, aver
age $1 25; Hative. 90c: Abundance, $1 u7; Peach,
fl 33. Peaches— St. John. 96c; Hale's, SOciJJl,
average 81c. Apricots— Royal, 70c(3 ! 5l 20, aver
: age $1 06. Four cars sold.
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO, July S.— CATTLE— The demand
for Cattle was rather slow with prices un
changed; choice to extra steers, $5 05@5 40;
common to medium, $47?4 »; butchers', $4@4 30;
Western steers, $4 UQ4 95; stockers and feed
ers, $3 80-5 4 50; cows and heifers, $2 sfi@4 70 ;
Texas steers, *3 60^4 60; calves. $4 75<§6 70.
HOGS— The demand for Hogs was active
prices ruled Be higher; pigs. $2<{i3 51; light Hogs.
$3 KM SO; rough packers, $3 60^3 75; mixed,
$3 66fa'3 85; heavy packers and shippers, $3 75@
3 90.
SHEEP— There -was a fairly actrve demand
for Sheep with prices unchanged; Western
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
muttons, $40*5 25; natives, $3 25@5 66; lambs,
$4 10@6 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 10,000; Hogs, 20,000; Sheep,
1000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, July s.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6000; market strong; native steers, $4@5; native
cows and heifers, $4 50(5)4 85; Btockers and feed
ers, J3 05<@5; bulls, $3 25@3 SO.
HOGS— Receipts, 5000: market s@loc higher;
bulk of sales. $3 55<S>3 75; heavies. $3 60@3 87 1 * ;
packers, $3 50@3 75; mixed, *3 40@3 70: lights,
$3 3053 60; Yorkers, $3 50^3 60; pigs. $3@3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; market firm; lambs,
$3 f..jf.j.j 60; muttons, $3@>4 60.
OMAHA, July s.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3.0,000;
market steady; native beef steers, |4@4 90;
Western steers, S3 So<34 60; cows and heifers,
$3 50!g4 30; stockers and feeders, $3 80@4 85;
calves. $4 50#7.
HOGS— Receipts. 3300: market B@loc higher;
closed weak; heavy, fi 65^3 72; mixed. J3 65®
3 67: light, $3 62(0 3 65; bulk of sales, %i 65@3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2200; market steady; fair
to choice natives, $3 80ftf4 60; fair to choice
Westerns, J3 6U{j'4 40; common stock, $3 50@4 25;
lambs, $4 254 i 6.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, July s.— At the "Wool auction sales
to-day 40,465 bales were offered. The attend
ance was good and the bidding active. New
South Wales and Queensland stock jj waj. in
ready demand by the home trade and conti
nental buyers at full prices. Scoured merinos
ruled against buyers. Cross-breds wer* In
large supply and fine medium Wool sold ex
tremely well, while Inferior stock sold In
differently. Punta Arenas showed a far'.'itcs
advance. Following are the sales In detail:
New South Wales, 2700 bales; scoured, $<!($
Is 6d; greasy, 4@lod.
Queensland, 200 bales; scoured. la Sd@ls Id.
Victoria, 1100 bales; scoured, la l%d@ls 4%<1;
Kiea&y,. s@lod.
South Australia, 100 bales; scoured, BVkd©
Is 3*4 d; greasy, 4%<Sr9Hd.
Tasmania, 1100 bales; greasy, 6H@lld.
New Zealand, 4500 bales; scoured, 6d@ls ."%4d;
greasy, s%@S%d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal. 1200 bales;
scoured. B%<J@ls 3d; greasy, 6%@Sd. :*. ;
Punta Arenas, 2400 bales; greasy, iIgVAA.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, July s.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat Sat
urday, July 2. as compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat, 14,700,000 bushels; decrease, 2,525,000
bushels.
Corn. 22,574,000 bushels; increase. 10.0-.M)
bushels.
Oats, 6,058,000 bushels: decrease, 1,141. M 0
bushels.
Rye. 922,000 bushels; decrease, 95.000 bushels.
Barley, 330,000 bushels; decrease. 36.000
bushels.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, July s.— There has been no material
change in the wool market this week. Prices
are held steady, but there is very little demand.
Quotations:
Territory wools— Montana, fine medium and
fine. 15016 c; scoured. 45c; staple. 48c; Utah.
Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine, 14®15c;
staple. 4<«c.
Australian— Scoured basis, combing superfine,
70072 c; good, 86066 c; average. 62@65c; Queens
land combing, 63c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jirty 6.— Consols, 111 13-16; Silver,
27Hd: French Rentes, 103f 15c.
LIVERPOOL, July s— Wheat steady; No. 1
Standard California Wheat 43s 6d; cargoes off
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, nomi
nal, unchanged; English country markets,
steady; Liverpool Wheat, No. 1 California, 7s
td@7s W4d; Wheat In Paris, easy; Flour in
I -.-iris, weak; Indian shipments of Wheat to
United Kingdom, 73,000; Indian shipments of
Wheat to continent, 65,000.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16.
LIVERPOOL, July s.— lmports into Liver
pool /or the week: From Atlantic ports.
Wheat, 55.200 quarters; from Pacific ports,
none; from other ports, 6600 quarters.
Imports of Corn Into Liverpool from Atlantic
ports for the week, .'2,400 quarters.
LIVERPOOL, July WHEAT— Futures
closed easy; July, 6s I'd; September, 6s %d; De
cember, 6s, lOVjd.
CLOSING.
CORN— July, quiet, 3s l%d; September, quiet, I
3s 3" s d; October, quiet. 3s, 4%d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July COTTON— Easy;
middling, s!«c.
SPECIE MOVEMENT.
NEW YORK, July The exports of specie
for the week were: Gold, $5709; silver, $332,990.
The imports for the week were: Gold, $3734;
silver. t36.266.
The imports of dry goods for the week were
$1,132,142, and of general merchandise $6,884,659.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, July 6.— Exchanges, $469,556;
balances, $87,620.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, July s.— There is nothing doing
In wheat, and while exporters venture a nomi
nal quotation of 60c for Walla Walla they are
apparently not anxious to do business.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July s.— Wheat, nominal; Club, 60c;
bluestem, 63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight '. — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cable? — 4 87 l i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 124
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6SV4
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
v WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
The Produce Exchange ha« not been in ses
sion since Friday, hence the grain business Is
at a standstill, but will be resumed to-day.
Nominal quotations for Wheat are $1 25@1 27V4
for No. 1 and $1 3501 45 for milling, with little
going on at best. Barley has lately ruled firm
at $1 22' i for the best Feed with a decided up
ward tendency. The other grains are quiet.
As for Hay, Feedstuffs, Beans, etc., there Is
never any business of any consequence on the
day after the Fourth.-
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are steady, though quotations are
lower than last week. There is no change in
Onions.
Tomatoes from Vacaville are small and poor
and dealers' say that they are likely to run so
all the season, owing to the dry weather. ( The
otner Vegetables ■ show no particular change.
Receipts were light, as usual on the day after
the Fourth.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 40@65c In sacks
and Bo@6oc In boxes for Early Hose, and 50@60c
in sacks and GOOSOC in boxes for Burbanks.
ONIONS— New, 3o<£Tsoc per ttl for red and
Ssf?9sc for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 50@2 for extra
large, sl@l 25 per box for No. 1, 500-750 for
email; Green Peas, %\lfl 25 per sack; Garden
Peas. 2©2>4c per lh: String Beans, 2@3c ncr
lb: Wax Beans, 1 >,•;'•/ 2 ; 2 c; Summer squash, ■ 35ig>
40c per box; Bay Squash, 7oc; Green Peppers
75c@?l 25 for Chile and $1«?1 50 for Bell; Dried
Peppers, 506 c; Cabbage. 50c per ctl; Carrots. 30
50c per sack: Marysvllle Cucumbers, 60075 c
per box: Bay Cucumbers, $1; Vaeavllle Toma
toes, 60c@U 25 per box; River Tomatoes. $2-
Green Corn, 50c "*1 50 per rack for Vacaville
and $2 per crate l< - Bay; Garlic, 2@3c per lb;
Green Okra. 15<S20c per lh. "
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, ]6®lßc; granulated, raw, 13c*
Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c: new, ISc; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c*
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c. •
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at $5@5 50 for Hens,
$4 50 for old Roosters and 14c for Turkeys.
In local stock there was not much doing, as
arrivals were light. Young stock was firm
as a rule.
POULTRY— LtW Turkeys, 10<3>12e for Gob
blers and lOfillc for Hens; young Turkeys 16®
17c; Geese, per pair. 75c@$l; Goslings, 75c' i-
Duckfl, J2 7r,(f/3 for old and J2 f»o<B3 r.O for young-
Hens. S3 r>'i'(i",; Roosters, young, $6@7 50 " Roos
ters, old, $3 r,nr§4 f.O: Fryers, $5@6; Broilers
J4fi4 60 for larpe. }2 50®3 50 for small; Pigeons'
$1 50^1 75 per dozen for young and %\ 25@1 50
for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, r -'EESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is coming: in In better shape, owing to
the cooler weather. There Is considerable dis
crepancy in the views of dealers as to prices,
the difference in creamery descriptions being
4c In some cases. Our quotations represent a
medium between the extremes.
Eggs are weak and dull. So Is Cheese
BUTTBR—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 17H@18Hc- sec
onds, 17c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15@16^c; common
grndfs. nominal.
Eastern Butter— l/adle packed, 14<ifl5c Der lb
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 8c; old 7®
7V.r; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America
Me; Eastern. 12'al3c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, ir.@l6c per dozen; store
Eggs, ll@l2Vic; Eastern, 12>4(g'l5c; Duck
Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apricots are still higher, scarce and wanted.
Peaches are quiet at about the same prices!
Most of the Bartlett Pears coming In are culls
and windfalls, and are unsalable. Figs are still
In lighter supply and higher. Cherries are neg
lected and cheap, and there are but few seen
now. Plums are steady at the good prices, and
have not changed for some time.
Stocks of Oranges are greatly reduced, but
Lemons are in better supply. Limes are scarce
and firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries— s3(^4 per chest for large and
JMifi for small.
Black Cherries. 25i?4ne; Royal Annes, 25@40e:
loose Cherries, lftOSftc per lb for black and
2fi2i,2c for Royal Anne.
Figs, 35$ 60c per box for single and 60cigi$l for
double layers.
Seedless White Grapes from Yuma, $1 25 per
crate; Black Grapes. $1 50.
Blackberries, $2 ZafiZ per chest.
Currants, $1 5015-3 per chest.
Plums, 505750 per crate and 2.W65C per box.
Apricots, 60c?} $1 per box and 75c«?'1 per crate
and WnffSO per ton in bulk.
peaches. 25@600 per box, 35^ 45c per basket.
Raspberries, $4(f?fi 50 per chest.
New Apples, -iditloOc per small and 50c@$l 25
per large box, and 20(540c per basket.
Green Pears, nominal. Bartletts. $I@l 25 per
box for good stock.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50(5?2 50;
Seedlings, 50nf?*l ; Lemons. $1 2352 for com
mon and $2 6003 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $Ci 577; Bananas. $1 25<g2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 r>er dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAIPINS, ETC.
There Is nothing new. The East Is not buy
ing Apricots very freely, as dealers there are
skeptical about our short crop. They will find
out later on. Nothing is said about new
Peaches. Bids of 2ttota for the four sizes of
new Prunes are coming in from all directions,
but nobody will sell at these figures. Stocks of
old Peaches are still large, being placed by
one grood authority at 100 cars.
DRiED FRUITS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
Ec for 40-50's, 4\4@4%c for 50-60's, 3%®4c for
60-70's, 3W(lf3Hc for 70-SO's, 2%<@3c for 80-90's, 2>4
®2>ic for 90-100' s: Peaches. 3@sc; fancy, SV4C(J>
6c; peeled, 101fl2i£c: new Apricots, B@9c for
Royals; old . Apricots, 5@6%c for Royals and
vig«c for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%@Sc; sun-dried, 4'" sc; Black
Figs, In sacks, 2@2^c; Plums, 4^@4 ! 54c for
pitted and lU<S>l>ic for unpitted; bleached
Plums, 5@5%c; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy: Pears. 2%@4%c for quarters and 3<gsV4c
for halves, according to color, etc. .
RAISINS— 2(??2%c for two-crown, 2%'ipc for
three-crown, 3V»®'3%c for four-crown, 4%c for
Seedless Sultanas. 2^c for Seedless Muscatels
and $I@l 15 for London layers; dried Grapes,
2^c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 3i5?4c for hardshell. 4?TGc for
BOftshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6(f?7c for
softshell, BHQ*c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4<?j)
o^4c for Eastern and 4V?c for California; Pe
cans, dhi<SHc; Filberts. 9V4(@'loc; Brazil Nuts,
S#9c per Hi; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, 6%@
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5»4c per rb.
BEESWAX— per It).
Trade Is still of a holiday character and quo
tations are unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9c per Kb for
heavy, 9Hc for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12(\?12V4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lO^ifjllc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9^mioc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl ;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12V4c per
lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per Tb
for compound and Sc for pure; palls, B%c;
California tierces, .We per tb for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, "Vie; 10-Ib tins,
8c; S-lb tins, SVic.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6H'S6 T *c; packages,
less than 300 !tis— l-lt> pails, 60 in a case. 9Vic;
3-rr> pails, 20 in .a case, B%c; 5-JTi pails, 12 in a
case, Sic; 10- rb pails. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-!t>
tins, 1 or 2 in a caae. "Me; wooden buckets, 20
Ths net, B',4c; fancy tubs, M) Fbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lt>.
HIDES. TAI.LOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are weaker and some descriptions show
a slight decline. There Is nothing new In Wool
and Hops and both are dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10'/ic; medium, 9\ic; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9&c; , Stags, C'ic; salted Kip, 9@9%c;
Calf, 10c; dry Hides, Found, 16c; culls and
brands. 12fi12',4c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry
Calf, lSe; Goatskins. 27V4@30c; medium, 50c;
winter, 10c; Sheepskins shearlings, l. i<ff2sc each;
short wool, ■>,:■■'. Hijc each; medium, 60@30c: long
wool, 90c© $1 10 each; Ilorsehldes, salt, $252 50
for large and t\#i2 for small; Colts, Me; Horse
hides, dry, $2 for large and fl for small; Colts,
60c.
TALLOW— Xo. 1 rendered. SViG3%c per It);
No. 2. 21;T(?,o:2 1 ;T(?,o: refined, 41-'4 1 -'M s ir; Grease. 2c. i
• WOOL— -Fail clips. Southern Mountain, 7((?10c:
free Northern, »>7l2c. Spring clip — Southern
Mountain, 12 months'. ?@!lc: San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', S@loc; Foothill and
Northern. free, 12<S14c; do. defective, 10@12c;
Middle county. 13@16c: - Humboldt and Mendo
clno. lr.iGlTc; Nevada. K>'<7 14c; Eastern Oregon,
104f12c; Valley Oregon, IBalTc.
HOPS— lSi>7 crop. 9512% c . per It).
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are very firm and sales at the top quo
tation are reported. There Is no further change
In Beef and Mutton, but both are steady and
in moderate supply.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are a3 follows::
liEEF- First quality. 6'ic: second quality,
CVi'SSc: third, quality. 4%<3sVic per It).
VEAL— I-rfirge, 4(fjT)e; small. 6@7c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, , 7i,4@Sc; Ewes, 7®7V4c
per Jl>.
LAMB— Spring:, SfcKUc per IT>.
PORK— Live Hob?, i^yr,c for large, 6H@5Hc
for medium and 4 4 'i; 4 He for small; stock Hogs,
2(53'/ic; dressed Hogs, 7©Be.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
HAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 5©5% c; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, J4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8: Soinhfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. »5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland. 110 2.', In bulk and $11 50 in
sarks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14 ; Can
nel. $10 per tan; Rock Springs r.nd Castle Gate.
$7 00; Ccke, |12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been the fol
lowing arrivals of coal: From Washington,
five vessels, with 15,300 tons; six from British
Columbia, 16,134 tons; one from Oregon, 475
tons; three from Australia, 9364; tqns; total,
46,517 tons. The fuel deliveries are fully keep
ing pace with the demand, and stocks in yard
are nut diminishing, although the coaling of
the transport steamers has called freely upon
our surplus during the month of June. There
are thirteen vessels now en route from New
castle and Sydney with about 33,000 tons of
coal, which should arrive this month. If, as is
reported, there will be two more expeditions
forwarded to Manila, this will necessitate the
engagement of seven more transports; when
these shall be coaled there will have been
drawn off our coast nineteen steamers in all.
that will rmiain away two or three months
without using any more of our local fuel. This
in the aggregate means a large amount of coal,
so there are no reasons why there should be
any scarcity for the next few months; at the
same time there Is no likelihood of any de
cline in quotations, as coal freights from all
European ports and from our northern section
are high, wtlh no prospects of any material
softening. With only a one-third crop of
wheat for shipment, we cannot reasonably ex
pect coal carriers to head this way from Aus
tralia and Ergland unless they are well paid
for the service."
Press dispatches from the East report a boom
In Manila cordage there. It has boomed here
for some time and prices are too high to suit
the consumer.
CORDAGE— dispatches ' from the East
report a boom in Manila cordage Mere. It has
boomed here for some time and prices are too
high to suit the consumer. Manila. lu\c; Sisal,
lO^e, basis.
CANNED FRUITS— White Cherries. $1 50®
160; Peaches. •$1 10@l 20; Pears, ; Apri
cots. |I®l 10. .
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 75@S5c; To
matoes. 80c.
COFFEE— Rica — 14H@16c for prime
washed, 13%@14c for good washed, 14^if?16c for
good to prime washed peaberry, 12Vi®14c for
good peaberry, 11V4@13',4c for good to prime,
lO'/^iaillc for good ' current ] mixed with black
beans, 9®lo^4c for fair, (Mi Sc for common to or
dinary; Salvador— ll'/S^M'^c' for good to prime
washed, lOigllc for fair ; washed, 12%<g14c for
good to prime ..washed peaberry, B^i'f>9 : sic for
superior unwashed, = B%<se*4c for good, green
unwashed, IHJfiJUVic for, good to prime un
washed peaberry; Nicaragua— SQ^c for good to
superior unwashed, lliffllVic. for good to prime
unwashed peaberry, ; Guatemala and Mexican —
164j17c for prime to fancy washed. 14@15c for
good to strictly, good washed, 10@13c for fair
washed, 7',£<59%c for medium, 6@7c for Inferior
to ordinary. l4(iTl6c for good to prime washed
peaberry, llffill'/jc for good : unwashed pea
berry, SHO9%c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. 4c: cases, se
lected, 4V4c; imitation Eastern, sVic: boneless,
5Hc; strips, s>i@7Hc; blocks, sU@7c; tablets,
7V4c; middles, 6'£fiS>4c per lb; desiccated, S7«.c
per . dozen; pickled cod, . barrels, each, $S;
pickled cod, half barrels,' each. $4 50.
OIL— A decline in Lard Oil Is the only
change. California ; Castor Oil, '• cases. N0. .. 1,
95c; barrels, 90c- per gallon (manufacturers'
rates); Linseed Oil in. barrels, boiled, 52c: raw.
f.Oc; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter
strained, .barrels, 56c; No. 1, .46c;. cases, 5c
more; China Nut. 49@."fic per gallon; Pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No. ,1,
barrels. 55c; cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c; nat
ural white, 80c; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil.
natural white. 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific
Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house colors,
$1 2,Viil 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per
PETROLEUM. ' GASOLINE . AND NAPH
THA— White Cool. Oil, In bulk, ll%c
per gallon; Pearl Oil, In cases, 17c; Astral Oil,
17c; Star Oil, 17c; Extra Star Oil. 21c; Elaine
Oil,. 22c; Eocene Oil, 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In : bulk, . 12c; Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, In cases, 17 ,4 c; 63 degree Naphtha, In bulk.
HHc; 63 degree Naphtha, in cases, 16'/4c; 86 de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; 86 degree Gasoline,
In cases, 25c. ..'aMMpiMßl^
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— 6s, 16 or,
7^c; Sh, 14 oz, . 6Vicr6s,' 12 oz, s"^c; 6s, 10 oz.
4'tc Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s. 16 oz, B%c;
6s, 14 oz, 7%c; 6s, 12 oz, 7%c; 6s, 10 oz, 6Uc;
Paraf fine • Wax Candles— 2s, , 4s, 6s, 125, .
white, 8c; colored, Be. ' ' ', » ■ > ■ • ■ ■. ■
WHITE LEAD— at' 6@7o per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 45c; in Iron bar
rels, 40c; in wooden barrels, 42c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 47c; boiled, in cases,
52c; raw, barrels, 45c; raw, cases. 50c per gal
lon.
QUICKSILVER— S42 50®43 per flask.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy, 25®2Sc per
lb: do, medium, 24(Ti25c; do, light. 2!M?25c;
Rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c; do, light, 23®
24c; Harness Ix-ather, heavy, 30<ft36c; do. me
dium, 2~;<ii2Qc; do, light, 26@28c: Collar Leather,
14@15c per foot; Kips, finished, 40(5 45c per lb;
Veal, finished, 50C(?55c; Calf, finished, 75c<3$l;
Sides, finished. Itifjl7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14016 c per lb; Rough Splits, SiglOc.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6V2C; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A, 5%c; Magnolia A, sVic; Extra C,
&%c: Golden C, s'4c; California A, 5%c per lb;
half-barrelß, >4c more than barrels, and boxes
lie more.
LUMBER. ETC.
POSTS— lo<gl2c each for No. 1, and 6@Bc for
No. 2.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows; Pine,
ordinary sizes, $17(518 50; extra sizes, higher.
Redwood— slß® 2o for" No. 1 and $16©18 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $2 40@2 50; Pickets, $17; Shingles,
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic,
$21@26.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The mining stock market was temporaraily
suspended yesterday, owing to confusion over
the operation of the new stamp law. The San
Francisco Board met at 11 o'clock and after
appointing a committee to obtain a ruling from
the Collector of Internal Revenue adjourned to
to-day, when the committee will report. The
committee is composed of E. P. Barrett. A. F.
Coffin, H. L. Van Wyck and W. Edwards. Tht
Pacific Stock Exchange took similar action
through Its executive committee.
The Stock and Bond Exchange will resume
business this morning at 10:30 o'clock.
The Columbus Savings and Loan Society has
declared a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
4 per cent on term deposits and 3.60 per cent
on ordinary deposits, payable July 1.
The Pacific Lighting Company paid a regu
lar monthly dividened of 40 cents yesterday.
The Savage assessment of 10 cents per snare
will be delinquent in the boards to-day.
Mining dividends for June were as follows:
Anchoria Leland, $6000; Bullion-Beck and
Champion, $10,u00; Bunker Hill and Sullivan,
121,000; Calumet and Hecla, $1,000,000; Crowned
King, $12.fK'O; Elkton Con, $20,000; Gold Coin,
110,000: Oolden Cycle, $5000; Grand Central, $31,
260; Highland, $20,000; "->ly Terror, $9000;
Homestake, $62,500; Horn Silver, $20,000; Mam
moth. $20,000; Mercury, $25,000; Modoc, $15,000;
Morning Star, $12,000; Osceola, $00,000; Penn
sylvania, $2575; Portland, $45,000; Sacramento,
$5000; Sliver King, $87,600: Small Hopes, $25,000;
Smuggler, $25,000; South Swansea, \57500; Swan
sea, $5000; Tamarack, $200,000; War Eagle. $24,
750; total, $1,726,075.
It is noteworthy that $1,250,000 of the above
amount was paid by the three copper mines In
Michigan, leaving only $476,075 for all the other
mines.
The Grand Central Mining Company of Utah
lias declared a second dividend, at the rate of
12' 2 cents per share, amounting to $21,250.
The official letter from the Sierra Nevada
mine for the past week says: Riley tunnel—
The east crosscut from the south drift, at :i
point f.O feet from the tunnel, is out 35 feet md
stopped; the face is in clay and porphyry.
The north drift starter] from a point 30 fee:
weit from the raise has been advanced during
the week 20 feet; total length 42 fnet; the face
Is In Quartz and porphyry. The old Sierra Ne
vada shaft has been cleaned out and retlmeoer
ed during the week 15 feet; total depth, 4"> fett.
Hove extracted from the fourth and Illth floors
13 mining carloads of ore during the week, and
stored the same in the ore house at the mine.
Average assay of car samples was $31 53 In
gold and 8.44 ounces of silver per ton. Have
received official notice of final returns of $13,
442 f>s net proceeds from 49,600 pounds undried
sulphurets. Are engaged in taking down the
rope house at the Sierra Nevada shaft to move
to the shaft we are now retimbering. At the
I'nion shaft west crosscut No. 3 from the south
lateral drift, started at a point 225 feet south
from the upraise and 150 feet vertically above
the sill floor of the 900 level, has been ex
tended during the week 15 feef total length 100
feet; face in porphyry. On the 900 level west
crosscut No. 6 from the north lateral drift,
started at a point 100 feet north from cro^s^ut
No. 5 and 550 feet north from the Sierra Ne
vada shaft, has been advanced during the we«k
15 feet; total length 379 feet; the face Is In
porphyry, clay and gypsum.
In the Chollar mine they have placed two
sets of timbers in the main incline at the 1200
station since last report. The two north com
partments of the upraise from the west cross
cut, 80 feet north from the south line, on the
tunnel level have been completed to the 100
level. On the Brunswick lode, at shaft No. 1,
on the fiilO level. In the east crosscut on th«
south line, Jointly with the Potosl Company,
they have started to cut out a station prepara
tory to sinking a vertical winze below thlft
level. SOO level— The Joint south drift from
the station has been advanced 20 feet; total
U-ngth from the station 102 feet; the face Is In
hard porphyry.
In the Potosl mine they have placed two
more sets of timbers In the main Incline at the
12^0 station. The west crosscut on the Potosl
south line, tunnel level, has been extended dur
ing the week 8 feet, ani is now out IS6 feet;
the face shows porphyry and quart* of low
grade. In the cropping of the 40 level they
have raised one set on the pay streak and are
now driving north on the second floor. The
pay streak Is 5 feet wide and assays from $15
to J2O per ton. On the Brunswick lode, at shaft
No. 1, on the 600 level. No. 3 east crosscut has
been advanced 6 feet, mnklng Its total length
co feet ; the face is In porphyry. Have discon
tinued work in this crosscut, and jointly with
the Chollar Company have started to cut out
a station in the east crosscut preparatory to
sinking a vertical winze below this level. SOO
level— The joint south drift from the station
hns been advanced during the week 20 feet,
nnd is now out from the station 102 feet; the
face Is In hard porphyry.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
300 Con Cal & Va.. IS 1 300 Sierra Nevada.. 44
400Ophlr 16 500 Union Con 16
800 Overman 05 400 Yellow Jacket... 13
300 Potosl 05|
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
Dellnqnt
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Hale & Norcross.
Savage |
Chollar
Belcher .......I
Potosl
Alta
Con. Cal. & Va...
Kentuck ..........
Confidence ........
Utah .:
nt
95
M
58
50
59
12
15
30
28
..July 12|. .July
..July 5 ..July
..July 7 ..Aug.
..July 8 ..Auk.
..July 1C ..Aug.
..July 171. .Aur.
..July 18 ..Aug.
..June 5 ..June
..July 21 ..Aug.
..July 27|..Aug.
10
10
15
10
15
05
25
05
IS
05
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Germania Savings and Building Union (by
| Philip Seibel, Charles Alpers and Gunther
Moenning trustees) to Anna L. Dodge and
1 James E. Orphant, lot on S line of Waller
| street, 181:3 E of Fillmore, E 25 by S 120, quit-
I claim deed; $1.
Same (by John G. W. Schulte, surviving trus
tee) to same, same, quitclaim deed; $1.
Murphy Estate Company to Clara E. Curtis,
wife of Robert H., lot on S line Green street,
ICO W of Fillmore, W 18:9 by S 100; $10.
Matilda Meyn to Henry Meyn. lot on S line
of Twelfth street, 105 E of Folsom, E 25, S
81:9%, W 25. N S3:6*i: gift.
Gustave Schnee to Bertha Llnss. lot on S line
of Alvarado street, 255:5 W of Sanchez, W 25
by S 114: $50.
John Hlggins to John J. Higgins, lots 140 and
141, Academy Tract: gift.
M. C. and Josephine M. Walton to James M.
Haven, lot on SE line of Paris street. 150 NE
of Rrazll avenue, NE R0 by SE 100; also lots
1607 and 160S, Gift Map 3. quitclaim deed; $5.
Alameda County.
A. H. Morris to Anton Christensen, lot on
E lino of Jefferson street, 50 N or Sixth, N 50
by E 75, block 6S, Oakland: $10.
George L. and Isabella Yager tn Christopher
A. Mulvey, lot on E line of Myrtle street, 60
N of Fifth, N 30, E 86:4. S TO:6, W 80:ll>,i to be
ginning, block 453. Oakland; $10.
Edward F. and Mary A. Griff a to James
Traynor. lot on \V lino of Adeline street, 106:6
S 01 Fifth, S 37:6 by W 125:3, block 477, Briggs
Tract, Map 2, Oakland: $10.
Harriet J. and William B. Heal to Mary D.
Potter, lot on NE corner of East Fourteenth
street and Twelfth avenue, NW 50 by NE 150,
block C 2. Clinton, East Oakland; $5.
Christ Olsen to Amelia Olsen. lot on W line
of Fremont avenue, 290 N of East Fourteenth
street, N 50 by W HO, being lot 20, block A.
Corrected Map Linda Rosa Tract, quitclaim
deed, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Jennie and James M. O'Neil to C. E. Nich
ols, lot on S line of ICnox avenue. 500.49 W of
Builders' Contracts.
H. E. Holmes & Co. (owners) with Abrams
Brothers (contractors), architect Fred B. Wood.
Excavating labor required to lay brick, which
is to be furnished by owners; mix mortar, fur
nishing lime, cement and sand; flue linings,
iron sot columns, girders, lintels, plates and
anchors, to be furnished by owners; set door
sills, cars and block* of granite to be fur
nished by owners; supply scaffolding, hoists,
blocks, tackle, except shears for iron girders,
for two 2-story brick buildings on S line of
Clementina street, 4SO E of Fourth. E 120, S 80,
W 1 S 75. thence along Folsom 24, thence N
75, AY 95, N SO; $2250.
Samuel McKelvey (owner) with Edward Gin
ley (contractor), architect owner. Carpenter
work, nlumblng and plastering only; owner
dues brick work, painting, concrete, grading,
sewer, gas and water connections and mantels,
for a 6-room cottage on W line of First avenue,
84 N of Clement street, AY 107:6 by N 26; $1265.
J. E. and Xatharina Nieland (owners) *-ith
Douglass & Co. (contractors), architect none.
All work for a 1-story frame cottaee on W
line of Bryant street, 175 S of Sixteenth, 6 25
by w 100; m
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
XOTE— The htsh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JULY-IS9B.
Wednesday, July 6.
Sun rises •. 4:&3
Sun sets 7:86
Moon rises 9:32 p. m.
Feet.
jH WJ_
| 2:20| 4.9
| 2:59 6.0|
; 3:39! 6.2
I 4:191 6.2j
| 5:05 5.2
| 5:51 5.3
|L W
[ 11:59 2.5
Feet.
II W
1., W
0::
1::
2:
3::
.4:
6::
L. "*
1:1
4.:
3.!
3.i
7:13
7:56
8:39
9:26
10:13
11:05
H W
7:45
I
I
— 0.:
— o.;
o.
0.
1.
1.:
i 7:16 2.8
8:21 2.6
| 9:32 2.2
10:46 1.9
| 11:56 l.«
H*W
6:40 6.4
1.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the chnrts. The plane of
reference is the m«>an of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, July
6, 1898.
The time ball was not dropped July B on ac
count of cable being broken.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Coos Bay (
Queen I
Mackinaw I
Crescent City..
Pomona I
Fulton.. |
Columbia
Chilkat
Empire
Pan Jose I
North Fork
Washtenaw
Homer I
Orizaba I
Burma I
Ningchow I
-San Mateo
Walla Wa11a... 1
Wellington
Curacoa
Arcata
Santa Rosa
State California
Newport I July «
[Victoria & Puget Bound July 6
ITacoma July 6
Crescent City July 7
San Dleso July 8
jPortland July J)
Portland July 8
Humboldt IJuly 8
Coos Bay IJuly 8
IPanama IJuly 9
IHumboldt IJuly 9
ITacoma jJuly 9
INewport IJuly 10
IHumboldt July 11
iNanaimo |July 10
[Departure Bay IJuly 10
jComox 'July 10
|Victorla & Puset SoundlJuly 11
|Departure Bay IJuly 11
Mexico 'July 12
'Coos Bay IJuly 12
ISan Diego j.Tuly 12
(Portland 'July 12
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. j Pier.
Santa Rosa Snn IMesro July 6, 11 amlPler 11
I State of Cal| Portland...... July 6. 10 ampler 12
Cy Panama Panama July 6,12 mfPMSS
Orizaba Humboldt July 7, 10 am ' Pier 9
Arcata Coos Bay July 7, 10 am I Pier 13
Coptic China & Japan July 7, 1 pmiPMSS
Coos Bay... Newport July 8, 9am I Pier 11
Acapulco ..|Panama July 8, 12 m!PMSS
Columbia .. Portland (July 10, 10 am I Pier 12
Pomona San Dle^o jJulv 10, 11 ami Pier 11
Queen iVic & P<rt Sd.Uuly 10. 10 ami Pier 9
Fulton 'Oregon Ports. July 10. 8 am ' Pier 20
j Chllkat IHumboldt .... July 10, 9 am' Pier 13
Homer 'Newport |July 12. 9am!Pierll
Alameda ..ISydney 'July 13, 2 pm|Pler 7
Orizaba IHumboldt !July 13
North Fork Humbnldt 'July 13
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE,
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, July 5. 1 .
Ktmr Orizaba, Shea, 19't, hours from . Eu
reka.
Tug Monarch, Thonnesson, 11 hours from As
toria towing raft.
Schr Mayflowe- Olsen, 5 days from Coquille
River.
CLBABED.
: i* ; . Tuesday, July 5.
Stmr Umaatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ptmr State of California, Thomas, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 5.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, St Michael.
Stmr Hueneme. Johnson.
Stmr George Loomls. Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Umatila, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Scotia, Hansen, Eureka.
Stmr Newburg. Hanson, Fort Brag*.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July s—lo p. Weather,
thick; west; velocity. 16 miles. ;: - _ '■-
MEMORANDUM.
Per tug Monarch— On June 29 at 2 P. M. In
lat 42 N. long 123 40 W, in a heavy NNW gale
and very high sea breaking over the raft,
broke in 'two pieces. The tug Rescue let go and
stood by the remaining piece. ' {» '
Per Mayflower— On July 4 at 2 P. M. ar
rived off Halfmoon Bay. Dense fog, heavy
westerly swell. Telephoned to San Francisco
for a tug as the compass was out of order.
SPOKEN.
June 18— Lat 2 N, long 30 W, Ger ship D H
Watjen, from Seattle, for Queenstoivn.
June B— Lat 14 S, long 3G W. B- ship Gars
dale, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
June 15— Lat 14 N, long 25 W, Br ship Star of
Russia, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
June 11— Lat 9 S. long 35 W. Br ship Silber
horn, from Liverpool, for Oregon.
- May 16— Lat 20 S, long 38 W, ship Florence,
from Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jul** Stmr
Alcazar, from Point Arena; schr Sequoia, hnc
July 3.
TATOOSH— Passed July s— Aus stmr Burma,
hence July 1, for Nanaimo.
SAN PEDRO— July 6— Stmr Jewel,
from Caspar. - ' ■ .-
ASTORIA— July Bark Glenbank, for
Queenstown.
BO WENS LANDING— July Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived July Sch Abble, hence
July 1. ■ -
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived July &— Schr
Mary Etta, hence July 1
EUREKA— Arrived July s— Stmr North Fork,
hence July 3. '
TATOOSH— Passed July 4— Br stm Wellington
hence July 1, for Nanalmo; stmr Washtenaw,
hence July 1, for Tacoma; ship C F Sargent,
hence June 16, for Nanaimi.
Outward bound — Stmr Mackinaw, from Ta
coma, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived July 6— Bark Gatherer, he
June 16. i
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 2— Schr Louise, for
Umpqua.
Sailed July 3— Schr Lena Sweasey, for Grays
Harbor; schr Wm Renton, for Seattle.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived July I— Stmr Advance
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Per stmr Curacao, Captain Vo.. Helms reports
as follows:
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived June 28— Bktn
Arago, hence .
In port June 15— Ship Marion Lightbody, for
Tocopllla. to sail about July 10; Ger ship
Orient, from Hamburg.
GVAYMAS— In port June 29— Sehr Fred E
Sanders to ?ail about July 9. for Nlolacfskl,
DUNKIRK— SaiIed June 30— Ger bark J C
Pfluser. for Honolulu.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived prior to July 2— Br
ship Pass of Killiecrankie. from Taooran.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to July 2— Br stm
Tacoma, from Tacoma.
PANAMA— Arrived June 11— Haw stmr Bar
racouta, from Champerico. June 23— Stmr Star
burk. frnjn Chaciperioo.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to July 2— l?r
stmr Victoria, from Tacoma.
ISLE' OF WlGHT— Passed July 2— Br ship
Gunford. from Hamburg, for Tacoma.
PANAMA— SaiIed June 30— Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— SaiIed July 3— Br ship Afon Alaw
for San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. IS9B.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. »8:00,
•9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; •IAo, 3:20, 4:W, 5:15,
(:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •s :oo. 'i-.M.
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a, m.; 1.00. *l:4o. *2:30. N.OO,
B:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked ♦ run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazndero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pole i Reyes and way sta'aa.
BAILEO AD ' TBAVjEL. • _
MVTiiKRN I'AfIWC coMrAirr.
(PACIFIC BTSTICM.) . . ' .
Tr«lM> l«ntr« «ritd nY« ••■••• *• «rrl*« •• ,
HAH ritjlNf»M!». _
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) '. * ...
jTtTir _ from Jpnk 1. 1398. - Aa»rr»
■,6:00 a Nile*. San Jo 8 and W»y SUtion»... -oj|»*
7:00 A Itenicia. Suisun »nd Sacramento. . . . »vj*»a
4!oOa Marysville, OroiiUe aud Redding tU
Woodland > ♦••• i!j a ,
TiOOA VacavUle »nd Kum5ey. . ............ ■'«•»*
7j3Oa Martinez, San lUmon.VaUejo, N»P». -•--
? CalUtoga and Santa R05a:........ •«»»
8:00 a AUantio Kxpreaa. Og<lcn and East.. »' ll>f
J"ua Nfl<"« San .l.mt,. HHickton. lone,
■ I3WA " Sacramento. MarysTlil*. CWoo.
Tehamaaudlte.lHl.itt i.. <••»'
M.3o a Teters, Milton. Oakdale . ........... ' « 1 «
»iU«a New Orleans Mxpress. Merced. Kres-
' „«.. Bakersfield. Bmnta lUr ;»ra, *
I^s A..Kele». l>eini..K. Xl la»o. a^ n .
New Orleans and K»at ••••• S1:-*S 1 :-*
.O.OOA Vailejo. M.rto« and JVay Stations ,7,«r
•idopLWermore, MendoU, Hanford and.,
....... Lir^ore/Scn Jose. Nile* and Way
. Freslio.° Y^mVte; Mer^C M 1».1»F
4,06r Martin'er. San ItoJjK«h ..: :
Napa, (Jalistoga. i''l Veraiio ana p|l5A
•.•Opß^dt^^e;^^^
Knights iAiidine. MarysTille. IW>- 10j484|
Moja»e. Santa liarbara »nd lx»
Auifeles ....••••. li * • * * *A
«il*r Bai. U U° Fe Itoute. ' A tlantio Express
for Moja»e anil Ku1. . . . . •■• •••••• *%*'
•tOffp ltiirc,|>e»ii Mall, Ogilen and Ea»».... -|;^*
•O:OO e Vallejo •• "** 7-45 a
aiwor Hay ward.. Nllrs and Sa« Jose. .j-. ' x * o *
J7:oof Valleio, Port Costa and Way ma- 9t^ 99
•iO«P OreKOti'isViireM.'Sacriuiientp, *]yi*r
»llle. Uml.lii.K. Portland, Pugel _
Hound ami K*i.t ** 1!^
' Skit LEASintU AND lUXWAKUS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) _ m
1 Melro^p, Seminary l*»rk, (
BxOOa ritrlibnnr. Klmhiirtt^ io-l»t
9'o9 ' 0 » A Ban I*»Bdro,SoalhS»« \\M\
Al\aai I^»ndro, &tn.lill«, • Jilißr
j'i'J.oom Low««o,Chern • tl.«r
raj Ha r *; ft d rd.. sg;.
7iOOp { Runs through to Nile*. ¥t4O»
) t From Nllfg. \
COAST IHVISIOS (.Narrow Uange). •
; ■ i (Foot of Market Street.>
}7i4L3a Santa Urn* Kxcursion Baut» Oral _
and Principal Way Stations....... *•••»»
Newark, CenterTiUe.SanJose.l'elton,
Boulder Creek, SanU Ona and We* .M-,. M -,
Stations iV"
•*lBp Newark. CenterTille, San Jo»^£fe« .
Almaden, Felton. Boulder (Jrjek. ■
«:13r San Jose, Gienwood t Way Station* »|«O^
04t15p Boulder Creek and Santa Crmi go A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I from 811 mJCISCO-root of Kirk.t Street (SUp I)-
•7:15 900 ll:0(H.U. 11:00 *2:00 11:09
•4:00 t6:00 •6:00 p.m.
Fr»m Oinißß— f»«t»fßrß»dw«y.— 8:00 l<j:OOi.lt.
tI2:CO. *l:00 t2:00. «3:00 ti:00 *6:o3rji. •
COAST 111 VISION (Broad Uaage).
fThlrd and Townaend Sts.) _
•7iO«a Baa Jo«e and Way Stations (New
Almauen Wednesdays only) li»«F
J7«3oa Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Crux, P»dflo GroTO and
Principal Way Stations )SiSB»
tiOOA Han .)o«o. Tres Finos. Santa Onis.
Pacißc OrOTi. Paso Ilublea, San
].vi» Ohlfipo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal WayStatlons .J ll#r
IO:4«i Bau Jose mid Way SUtion* * S 2**-
i HiSOa San J-«3 and Way Stations •*»*
•ai43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park. *
Palo Alto, SanU Clara, Han Jose.
Gilroy. H. .Ulster. banU Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and PaclOo
Grote „ 1*"M»
•Ii8«p San Jcse mid Way SUUoti* •»:!>•*
•4tlSp San Jo*e and Principal Way Station* 9:43*
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Station* 0:35 a
Ban.7o*e and Principal Way Statioa* Bi3or
S::ioi-Ban Jose Way Stations V-2'2 #?
jlli4sp Ban Jose and Way Stations
A for Morning. P for A f temoon.
•Sundays eicepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays otuy .
I Bupd>-r» and Monday, a Saturdays and Sunday*.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUwroa Ferry. P«*ft •! HUrkttSi
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:36.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUN" DAY 8:00, 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, S:3O.
5:00; 6:20 p. m. ■
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between bar: Francisco and Scbuetaen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. I In Effect Sac Francisco.
! June 29, ' ■ .
Week I Sun- I 1898. Sun- Week
Days. I days. | Destination, [ days. f Days.
7:30 am 3:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40- am
3:30 pml 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pro 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
1 Fulton, j
7:30 am Windsor, - 10:25 am
Healdsburß, •
Lytton, ■ ->■ ,
GeyservHle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm| 6:82 pm
7:30 am Hopland and , . 10:25 am
?:30 pm 8:00 amf Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 1 ■ lO:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm| | ■ j 6:22 pm
7:iu am 8:00 am . Sonoma j 10:40 am 8:40 am
and f\r | ■«
5:10 pm 5:00 pmf Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sevastopol. 110:40 am 110:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| . | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs, KelseyvlUe, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake. Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights
Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chroniel* bldg.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RTAN?
Pres. and Gen. Manager.' Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST It AIL WAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cnr*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on trie Following Time i
Leave San Francisco.4:So p. m., S. M.T.W.T.F'.a,
■Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
(Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.B.S.M.t!w.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
; Arrlvs Chicago .9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
6ervo Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFQRTABLB
I* You Travel on the Santa P«.
iUI FRAICISCO TICKET OFFICE— S?! MARKET ST.
'. ' Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1530.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa .Oka £L
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. iSS!>. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. ■ North-bound!
Passen- I Mixed, • Mixed, Passen-
ger. Sunday Sta- Sunday ger,
Dally. lExc'pted tions. Exc'pted Daily.
7:20 a m 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm"
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanfr>rd 7:45 a m 1:25 n m
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld I 2:30 a m 10 15 a m
12:05 p m 7:50 p m Vlsalla | 6:40 a m|!2:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required
Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
p. m. daily; at Merced with stages to and
from Snelllngs, - Coulterville, Yosemite, etc •
also with stage from Hornitos, Maripoda etc"'
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madero!
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalltw Ferry)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May i, '
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p m
Sunday s-8. -00. 9:00, 10:00. 11:20 a. m i-«"and
2:30 p. m. • m *"•
"July 4th. IS9S. trains will run on Sunday tlm*
' Round trip rrom Mill -Valley. JL "™*.
ffHOS. COOK & SON. Agents m v. r *U
etrect, Baa Francisco. ■ • «*r*BiBRIDGE PLANS
IN DISPUTE
Merchants Object to Any
Change of Locality.
PROTEST OF SHIP-OWNERS
OPPOSED TO TWO BRIDGES THAT
ALMOST TOUCH.
The Matter Will Be Fully Laid Ee
fore the War Department Au
thorities Through Major
Heuer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 5.
Ship-owners declare that navigation on
the estuary will be seriously obstructed
should the War Department giVe Alamp<i«
County the privilege of constructine a
bridge on the site of the present con
demned structure at the foot of Webster
street.
The Southern Pacific Company, when j
the subject of bridges was brought for- j
ward Imperatively by the War Depart- j
ment, was first in the field, and while the
county was figuring on tunnels and other
schemes the railroad had its plans accept
ed for a structure at the foot of Harrison
street. The company lost no time in get
ting to work and now its bridge is almost
completed.
The county has sent it? plans to Wash
ington for a new Webster-street bridge,
and it is now discovered that should these
plans be approved, there will be only
about twenty feet between the two draws
when both are open. This condition will
SPANNING THE OAKLAND ESTUARY.
Diagram Showing Open Bridges at Webster and Harrison Streets, When Both Draws Are Open at Once. Each Bridge Is 353 Feet
Long in the Draw, and When Both Are Open They Almost Touch. It is Proposed to Destroy the Present Webster-Street
Bridge and to Establish the County Highway as Far East as Fallon Street. These Questions Will Be Submitted to Major
Heuer, United States Engineers, To-day. The Diagram is Drawn to Scale From the Plan Accompanying the Protest of the
Shipowners.
absolutely prevent sailing vessels from
tacking through the bridges. As a large .
portion of the trade of the estuary con- j
s;sts of achoonerfl, s;rui:g protests have ,
been prepared to the War Department,
giving reasons why the bridges should be j
kept farther apart.
To-morrow morning Major Heuer, the ;
engineer in charge of this district, will
hear protests in this matter at his office
across the bay.
It will be proposed that plans bo submit
ted to the Government for a bridge to
cross the estuary east of Adams wharves,
r.hich will bring the structure to Fallon ,
etreet. As nearly all of the commerce of
the estuary ia transacted west of Lake
Merrltt, the building of a street bridge at >
Fallon street would leave but one bridge— j
the Harrison-street bridge — for s< hooners 1
to navigate through in going up ami down
the harbor. The contract for the bridge
f-.r Webster street has already been let by
the Supervisors, but nothing has been I
done toward commencing the work, and I
i* is contended that it will cost no more to i
construct a bridge at Fallon street than |
at Webster street.
The protest of the California Develop- ■
ment Company says: "The reconstruc
f the bridge at Webster street will be
an obstruction to navigation, even if both
Bed draws be open at the same time,
Which would be necessary on all occa- |
Bions. This would make a barrier through
the harbor right in the center of over 870
feet, and by allowing this to be done it
will practically shut out the navigation of
the upper harbor or basin except by ves
sels having some motive power. There
fire miles of frontage which, according to
the Government plans at the present time,
would be used almost exclusively by a
of vessels that depends upon its
A tabulated statement of the number of
vessels that have docked at the wharves
in one year accompanies the protest,
Fhowing that the tonnage reaches 134,345
tons.
The directors of the Merchants' Ex
change held a Bpecial meeting this morn
ing and passed a resolution stating that
it would be an injury to the traffic be
tween Oakland and Alameda to remove
"\V<-!>Hter-street bridge, and indorsing the
■tand taken by the Hoard of Trade. A del
egation from the exchange will go to the
meeting- to-morrow morning.
The City Council passed the following
self-explanatory resolutions to-night:
Rfsoived, That in the opinion of this Council
It would be against the Interests of the city of
Oakland not to have the bridge across the
■ V of San Antonio at Webster street re
■ ictrifl In accordance with the instructions
of the United States engineers; and, be it
further "
Ived, That the City Clerk be and hereby
Is In«trurtf-d to file a certified ropy of this
resolution with the said United States en
gineers.
DOES NOT BELIEVE HIS
BOY DISAPPEARED
DEPUE THINKS HIS WIFE HAS
SECRETED THEIR SON.
Invokes the Aid of Habeas Corpus to
Try to Determine Whether or
Not He Has Been Deceived. *
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 6.
James dePue obtained a second writ of
habeas corpua to-night for the purpose
or trying to recover his young son. De
rue has been hunting two years for his
boy but has not been able to find him.
He bel eves that he is being hidden by
eral of her friends, whom thi father h. I
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
existence for a long time. Two years ago
his parents separated. His father went
East, and some time later his mother no
tified her husband that flhe had put the
boy on a train to go to his father. De
Pue heard no more of the boy, and as he
did not arrive at his Eastern destination
he came to Oakland and began a search
for the boy. Upon his arrival he was told
that the boy must be lost, and on the
theory that his son had disappeared De
Pue set to work. He was not long in dis
covering that the boy was nover far
away from his mother, and when he had
proved this fact to his own satisfaction
he instituted a suit for divorce and also
tried to recover the lad.
A week ago Judge Ogden decided that
there was some informality in the pro
ceedings to recover the boy, and stated
that he could not interfere pending the
trial of the divorce suit. This evidently
did not suit the father, for he has sworn
out another writ, made returnable to
morrow.
SIX YEARS FOR RODGERS.
Sentence Imposed for the Killing of
E. E. Halsey, by Judge
Ellsworth..
OAKLAND, July s.— Judge Ellsworth
sentenced Stacy Rodgers to San Quentin
for six years this morning for killing E.
E. Halsey in Berkeley on the night of
March 29 last. The Judge stated that he
made the sentence as light as possible, as
he believed that there were certain miti
gating circumstances.
Mr. Rodgers was accompanied by his
brother Leo, who has stood by him man
fully through his trial, his aunt and hl3
attorney, Judge E. M. Gibson When th«
sentence was pronounced Rodgers dropped
his head, his aunt kissed him and the
scene was over. Rodgers and his attor
ney are satisfied with the sentence, be
lieving It a light one, and the prisoner is
anxious to begin his term, although he
will not leave here till Saturday.
FREEHOLDERS' ELECTION.
Oakland's Council Defeats the Effort
to Prevent It.
OAKLAND, July s.— An. attempt to
abandon the proposed Freeholders' elec
tion was frustrated in the City Council
to-night by a vote of 5 to 4. with two ab
sentees. The ordinance licensing beer
bottling works doing a retail business of
$100 annually, Instead of quarterly, as
now, was postponed Indefinitely by the
same vote.
Poundmaster H. L. TVeltzers resigna
tion was accepted, and the selection of his
successor laid over a week. J. E. Greeny
was recommended by the Society for Pre
vention of cruelty to Animals. E. M.
Railton and J. B. Powers were the other
nominees, the latter having the support
of five of the nine Councilmen present.
The protest against the opening of
Commerce street was continued until Au
gust 1, and referred to the City Attorney
for an opinion as to the legality of the
steps thus far taken. The bills for decora
tion and other Fourth of July prepara
tions incurred were ratified and ordered
paid. The ordinance creating two officers
as assistant inspectors, at $100 per month,
was defeated.
Kelly's Bail Was Reduced.
OAKLAND, July 5.— The preliminary
examination of James P. Kelly, charged
with an assault to murder upon Captain
J. P. Anderson on the local train some j
time ago, was partially heard in the Po- !
lice Court this morning, and then contin- j
ued until Friday. Kelly's bail was re
duced from $3000 to $2000. Anderson tes- j
tified that he was attacked from the rear
by Kelly one night, when the latter held i
a big revolver and threatened to shoot !
him. Anderson grappled with his assail- j
nnt and forced him into a seat. Later
Kelly declared that he did not know why
he had made the attack; that he had lost
all of his money betting at Sausalito and
wanted to kill some one. The men had
never had any trouble before. He waa
substantiated In detail by several wlt
nesses,
Kinard Files More Objections.
OAKLAND, July 6.— C. E. Kinard filed
tlona to a large portion of the i
Claims of Constable G. A. Koch for the
month of June before the Board of Super
visors to-day. Also to those of Constable j
J. F. Cronin of Oakland Township. The |
former, he declares, are not legal charges I
against the county and the latter are not '
legally made out, as they do not show j
where the arrests were made or whether |
the Constable had Jurisdiction. Super
visor Church, in reply, said:
"This matter belongs to the Grand Jury.
I am sick and tired of having these ob
jections filed every month. If there is j
fraud, then let the Grand Jury deal with |
it."
Mr. Kinard denied that he charged
fraud, but Bimply claimed Illegalities.
After some discussion the matter was re
ferred to the Finance Committee, who
will hear Mr. Kinard.
Insane for Fifteen Years.
OAKLAND, July s.— Mrs. Meta Ditt
man of Haywards was committed to
Ukiah to-day by Judge Greene for insan
ity. On June 30 her husband died, leav
ing her alone. Not until then was it
known that for fifteen years he had de
votedly cared for an insane woman and
kept it from the public. To-day Henry
Eggert applied for her commitment. He
is her brother. Drs. Milton and Fisher
examined her and recommended the ac
tion Judge Greene took.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, July ,s.—The. —The charge against
Fred Becker for selling meat without a
Government stamp was dismissed in the
Police Court this morning, on the decis
ion of the United States Court, which
held the ordinance invalid.
John Mitchell, a colored lad, pleaded
guilty to disturbing the peace to-day in
the Police Court and will be sentenced to-i
morrow. He amused himself by Jumping
on street carr and throwing flour in the
faces of passengers.
Dr. E. H. Woolsey was taken with an
attack of pneumonia yesterday. He has
been poorly for some time. Drs. Hamlin
and Ryfkogcl are attending- him.
The sale of the Highland Park and
Frultvale Railroad, which has been pend
ing for the past year, to satisfy a mort
gage of $233,815 50, will take place on the
25th. The California Safe Deposit and
Trust Company Is the plaintiff. I
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
SCHAEFER IS
OUT TO KILL
Draws His Gun on His
Wife's Ex-Husband.
DEPUTY AVERTS A TRAGEDY
JOEL J. HURT SECURES THE AR
REST OF HIS ENEMY.
Blood Likely to How Before the
Hurt-Schaefer Feud Over
Children Is Finally
Settled.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 5.
Alphonse Schaefer, the sheep herder
who married the divorced wife of Joel
J. Hurt, the wealthy Wyoming cattle
rancher, Is now in the County Jail
charged with assault to murder. This
evening Deputy Sheriff Charles White is
congratulating himself that he is not in
a coffin and Joel J. Hurt shares the same
feeling.
As Mr. Hurt was in the Sheriff's of
fice this afternoon talking to Under Sher
iff Harlow. Alphonse Sch*«fer was sneak
ing behind the door in the corridor.
Charley White passed from the office into
the corridor, leaving Hurt talking to
Harlow inside. As soon as White ap
peared Schaefer confronted him with a
big pistol. He evidently thought that I
Hurt was coming out and he dropped his
hand as soon as he saw the Deputy
Sheriff. A moment later, realizing his
mistake, he pointed the gun at Hurt's
abdomen and but for the lively work of
Charley White would have fired. The
Deputy Sheriff grappled with him, took
away his gun and marched Schaefer to
the O.unty Jail.
A little later Mr. Hurt went before the
District Attorney and swore to a war
ran; charging Schaefer with an assault to
commit murder.
Eye witnesses to the affair declare that
Schaefer followed Hurt into the Sheriffs
office and lay in wait outside, evidently
expecting trouble. He had no particular
business at the office, and no one knows
what took him there. After his arrest he
stated that he thought Hurt had his hand
on his hip pocket, and knowing him to
have a record as a fighter hie simply pre
pared to defend himself.
To-morrow morning the writ of habeas
corpus sworn out by the father whose
long hunt for his children has been al
ready published will be heard before
Judge Ogden. The three little ones are
still at the Chabot home in care of their
mother, and this latest escapade of their
stepfather will undoubtedly have some ef
fect on the disposition of the children.
LOCAL POLITICAL GOSSIP.
Alameda City Will Have a Large
Delegation in the State
Convention.
ALAMEDA, July s.— An examination of
the last election returns, upon which the
representation in the next State conven
tion will be based, discloses a very in
teresting fact. It is that as this city cast
1893 Republican votes, it will have a
larger representation than any of the
following counties: Alpine, Amador, Cal
averas, Contra Costa, Cblusa, Del Norte,
El Dorado, Glenn, Inyo, Kern, Kings,
Lake, Lassen, Madera, Marin, Mariposa
Merced, Modoc, Mono, Monterey, Placer,
Plumas, Sen Benito, San Luis Obispo,
San Mateo, Shasta, Sierra, Siskiyou,
Stanislaus, Sutter, Tehama, Trinity, Tu
lare, Tuolumne, Ventura, Yolo or Yuba.
Beceipts Irom Red Cross Supper.
BERKELEY, July s.— The finance com
mittee of the Berkeley branch of the Red
Cross Society estimate that the receipts
from the Fourth of July supper will
amount to about $200. The proceeds will
be devoted to paying off outstanding in
debtedness and to purchasing new ma
terial for bandages.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July s.— The members of
the North Berkeley Congregational.
Church will meet to-morrow night to elect
a successor to the Rev. J. A. Cruzan,
whose resignation takes effect in August.
Edwin Marston of West Berkeley is
suffering from the effects of the explosion
of a can of powder yesterday afternoo.
He was standing with his face over th«
powder, when a firecracker, thrown by
one of his companions, caused it to ex
plode. The front of his face was very
severely burned.
The Board of Trustees have passed an
ordinance for the improvement of Tele
graph avenue, and the preliminary work
of grading is now well under way.
Next Sunday the Alert and North
Berkeley fire companies will go in a body
to visit those of their old members who
have enlisted and are now in camp at
Frultvale.
Tried to Drown a Cake Walk Woe.
OAKLAND, July s.^Judge Allen al
lowed Jennie Rice, a colored damsel, to go
in the Police Court this morning. She was
! charged with drunkenness, but she ex
plained that she had lost in a cake walk
yeßterday at the Scottish Thistle Club pic
i nlc with Major Waters. As the result of
this disgrace she attempted to drown her
sorrows in the flowing bowl. The Judge
, believed the cauße sufficient to Justify the
I fuiL
ANNUAL ROW
OVER TAXES
Board of Equalization Is
Ready for the Fray.
AN ADJUNCT TO POLITICS
BLACK RYAN AND MOREHOUSE
TO MEET AS USbAi.
Being an Election Year the Periodical
Quarrel Will Probably Be
More Bitter Than
Usual.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 5.
The annual row between the County'
Assessor and the Supervisors sitting as
a Board of Equalization had its formal
beginning this morning. Assessor Dal
ton completed the rolls to-day and turned
them over to the Supervisors. The foot
ings show that the exact reduction from
the roll of last year is $9,895,725. This is
made up as follows:
1898. 189".
Brooklyn -~.....~ J5,218,350 J6.974.225
Emeryville 667,400 779,125
Huy wards .— 751,375 818,425
Livermore 550,526 660,600
San Leandro 529,025 1,021,075
Pleasanton 322,025 324,425
Alanieda 10,599,075 11,694,500
Oakland township 1,613,275 6,736,925
Washington township..., 4,640,950 5.095,100
Murray township 3,364,425 3,956,375
ftden township 3,646,450 4,133,700
Oakland city 42,067,675 43,435,575
Berkeley 7,042.850 7,865,775
Total $81,403,400 $91,299,125
The difference in Oakland Township for
the two years is caused by the recent an
nexation of much of the township by the
city of Oakland.
For three years the political feature of
the summer has been tho contest over
the assessment of certain personal and
railroad properties in this county. Mr.
Dalton has always placed upon the rolls
the West Oakland switches, the mole, the
Seventh-street local and the tracks, and
each year they have been taken off by
the County Board of Equalization upon
the advice of Mr. Morehouse, me mem
ber of the State Board of Equalization
from this district. E. Black Ryan
knows Just what to expect each July, and
he comes over prepared with all kinds of
documents to prove that his company ia
being cinched.
Each July Mr. Dalton prepares to up
hold his assessments, and generally for
about two weeks there is a battle royal
before the Board of Equalization. So far
it has always ended in favor of the
Southern Pacific Company, and this year
there is some speculation as to what will
be the result. In speaking of the matter
to-day Mr. Dalton said:
"I have placed the railroad properties
on the rolls again, as I believe they ought
to be there. The County Board has taken
them off for the last three years and I
have no idea what they will do this year.
The portion of the water front which the
Supreme Court says must be awarded to
the Water Front Company has been as
sessed to it at a valuation that I consid
er very fair.
"This year's assessment roll Is an en
tirely new one. All the figures have been
arrived at without regard for former as
sessments. Everybody knows that land
is not worth as much this year as it was
last year. This county has been assessed
too high, and the depreciation in value
has made a reduction of the assessment
roll imperative. In the interior of the
county, especially, land has greatly de
creased in value and the same is true of
many parts of this city, particularly West
Oakland. All the field deputies were in
structed to absolutely ignore precedent
and to assess land for what it is actually
worth and no more. I have employed
much expert assistance in compiling the
roll and although it shows a big reduc
tion. I believe it to be the correct value
of this county for assessment purposes."
The Supervisors met as a Board of
Equalization to-day and Issued a notice
that they are now ready to pass on the
reduction and rating of assessments and
to consider all applications concerning tho
roll toming from taxpayers.
MYSTERY OF A DEATH.
The Man Killed by the Local on Mon
day Identified as Daniel Black.
OAKLAND, July s.— Ben F. Calhoun, of
2514 Telegraph avenue, Berkeley, identi
fied the remains of the unknown man
killed by the local train on First and
Broadway last night as Daniel Black, of
Addison and Mary streets, Berkeley. He
said Black left home yesterday morn
ing in good health and expected to re
turn, so far as known.
Considerable mystery surrounds the af
fair. No one has yet been found who
saw him either on the train or track prior
to his death. Foul play is hinted at, as
the deceased was Quite well-to-do. No
reason can be given for hla going to that
portion of the city unless he was decoyed
there or led prisoner. As nothing of any
value was found on his person it may
be that robbery was the motive for his
death, but nothing definite could be
learned to-night. An Inquest will be held
to-morrow evening.
Mr. Black was a native of Boston,
Mass.. aged 45, and a bachelor, living a
retired life with two sisters and a
brother. He was formerly in charge of
the Clark ranch, near Melrose, and was
of a quiet disposition.
Virginia Goodsell Going East.
OAKLAND, July s.— This city Is to sup
ply the Eastern stage with another of her
beautiful and talented daughters. She
leaves about the middle of the month
for New York, where she has se% - eral flat
tering offers awaiting her. It is Miss "Vir
ginia Goodsell, the sister of Miss
Dorothy, the talented musician, who has
appeared in local theaters and achieved
considerable fame in dramatic roles. En
route she will visit the exposition at
Omaha and officiate as maid of honor at
the wedding of her cousin, Miss Catherine
Goodsell.
Compton Back From Montana.
OAKLAND, July s.— Deputy Sheriff Al
White has returned from Montana with
Beverly C. Compton, who is charged with
embezzling the three-year-old running
horse, Mayboy. He is now in jail, but
claims his arrest Is the rankest kind of
injustice. He made no resistance to being
brought here and came without requisi
tion papers. The affair is so complicated
that only through a jury trial can the
truth be known.
To Box in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, July s.— Joseph Lavigne,
of the Beacon Athletic Club, and Charles
Tye, of the Oakland Reliance Club, havn
■signed articles for a boxing match to be
held at the Beacon Club on August 6.
The fight will decided the lightweight
championship for the coast.
Charged With Neglect.
Secretary Wadham of the Eureka So
ciety for the Protection of Children yes
terday morning arrested Mrs. ellie Mil
ler of 10 Clara street for neglecting her
children. Her husband is a hard-working
man, employed in Wells-Fargo's Express
ctables. The charge is that she is ac
customed to leave her home at night after
her husband has gone to bed and not re
turn until daylight.
Police Pension Board.
The Police Pension Commissioners held
their quarterly meeting yesterday after
noon, but only routine business was tran
sacted owing to the absence of Commis
sioner Gunst from the city.
A Sailor Drowned.
George Hart, a sailor of the crew of the
scnooner Black Diamond, fell off Berry
street wharf last Monday night and was
drowned. The body was recovered yes-
GREEN HORSES,
GOOD MARKS
McKinney's Get Again
in Front.
LITTLE THORN A WINNER
C. A. HTJGKS MOJAVE SHOWS HE
IS LEVEL-HEADED.
Murray of Fleasanton Appears Be
hind a Good Three- Year-
Old — Entries for
To-Day
The excellence of the sport provided by
the Breeders' Association at the Oakland
track Is perhaps no better exemplified
than by the good marks horses without
records are dally giving themselves.
Yesterday, for example, Mabel McKln
ney, another of the get of that reliable
sire, McKlnney, trotted a mile in 2:17 flat,
and Inferno, a son of the great Diablo,
driven by the owner of that sterling
horse, paced his first heat in 2:15. Alto
gether, since the meeting opened, some
sixty heats and races have been brought
off, and only one has shown worse than
2:25. One has c"ly to take up the East
ern papers with accounts of their races
there to appreciate what a great showing
that is.
The punctuality that governed the
judge's stand on Monday prevailed yes
terday, and the programme was through
by 5 o'clock, a state of things which suits
the average race-goer to a dot.
Charles L. Griffith's bay gelding, J.o Al
bert, who made such an impression on his
first start last Wednesday, when he won
in the 2:27 class in 2:17y 2 , was the favorite
for the first race. W. G. Durfee's Mamie
Riley, quoted at 3 to 1, and W. L. Spoor' 3
Mabel McKinney, who was third to Jib
Albert on the previous occasion, had few
supporters at 10 to 1. Going to the quar
ter in :33*i, the half in 1:08% and the
three-quarters in 1:42, with Dexter D and
Silver Queen next behind him, it looked
like a victory for the favorite, but Mabel,
who had broken early in the race, had
steadied down, came through at the pole
at the three-quarters and won hand
somely in 2:17.
The second race, 2:15 pacing, was not
much more than a work out for Little
Thorn, who, as good as even money, beat
Arthur W, 3 to 2, and Beachwood, 2, in
2:14.
Dr. F. W. Knowles' nomination, Infer
no, was a 4 to 5 favorite in the heat race
for 3-year-olds, in which there were only
two other starters, Dictatress and I Di
rect. Ho won the first easily in 2:15, with
I Direct Just second, but tiring so that
Dictatress was made second choice for
the second heat. Inferno won the second
heat Just as easily, and Dictatress, se
curing the place, divided second and
third money with I Direct.
C. A. Hug's good looking but self-willed
Mojave, at 3 to 1, after delaying the start
for a few scores, finally got away, and
settling down like a good game horse,
trotted around his field and won from
Silver Ring and Clay S in 2:15^.
Billy Donathan added another victory
to his credit by driving Myrtle Thorn
home a winner in the last event on the
card, a special for named horses, in whicii
Mabel McKinney, the winner of the first
race, was favorite at 4 to 5. Daymont
was a good second.
The summaries are as follows:
FIRST RACE.
Trotters without record, mile dash, purse $200.
Mabel McKinney, b. m. by McKinney (C
Thornquest) i
Dexter D, b. h. by Dexter Prince (J. Thomp
son) j
Jib Albert, b. g. by Albert W (H. Webster).. 8
Silver Queen. Joe Selby. Ed Wlnshlp, Mamie
RHey, Sable Francis, Favor and Berth* R also
started and finished In that order.
Time— :33, I:OSVi. 1:42, 2:17.
Betting: Auctions— Field $6, Jib Albert $5.
Books— Mabel McKinney 10. Dexter D 6, Jib
Albert 4 to 6, Mamie Rlley 3, Sliver Queen and
Sable Francis 6. Favor and Ed Wlnahlp 8, Joe
Selby 10. Bertha R 15.
SECOND RACE.
2:15 class, pacing, mile dash, purse $200.
Little Thorn, b. g. by Hawthorn (J. Thomp
son) .:......,... „ 1
Arthur W, b. h. by Wayland W (J. Qulnn)... 2
Beachwood, b. m by Silkwood (J. Baker) 8
Time— :3l»*. 1:04%, 1:38%. 2:14.
Betting: Auctions— Field $6, Little Thorn $5.
Books— Little Thorn even, Arthur W 2 to 2,
Beachwood 2.
THIRD RACE.
Three-year-olds, pacing, one mile heats, two
In three, purse $.300.
Inferno, b. g. by Diablo (W. Murray) 1 1
Dictatress, eh. f. by Dictatus (S. Kent) 8 2
I Direct, br. h. by Direct (J. Nelson) 2 3
Time— First heat, :33%, I:o6ft, 1:40%, 2:15;
second heat, :34V4, liOS l^, 1:41%, 2:18.
Betting: Books— First heat. Inferno 4 to 5,
I Direct 6 to 5, Dictatress 3; second heat. In
ferno 1 to 5, Dictatress 4. I Direct 5. Auctions
—Field $6, Inferno to; after first heat. Inferno
110, field $3.
FOURTH RACE.
2:16 class, trotting, one mile dash, purse $200.
Mojave, b. g. by Dexter Prince (W. Dona-
than) 1
Silver Ring, b. m. by Silver Bow (P.
Williams) 2
Clay S. b. h. by Grover Clay (Rodriguez).... 3
Our Jack also started.
Time. :33. 1:06, 1:40%. 2:15%.
Betting: Auctions— Field $7, Clay S $10.
Books— Mojave 3 to 6, Silver Ring 9 to 2, Clay
S 3 to 5, Our Jack 4.
FIFTH RACE.
Special for named horses, one mils dash,
purse $r>o.
Myrtle Thorn, blk. m. by Grandlsslmo fW.
Donathan) 1
Daymont, b. g. by Lynmont (W. Hogoboon). 2
Mabel MoKinney, b. m. by McKlnney (C.
Thomquest) 8
Addlson also started.
Time— :34, 1:03, VM%. t:\W4..
Betting: Auctions— Field $«, Mabel MeKln
ney $5. Books— Myrtle Thorn 2, Daymont 8,
Mabel McKlnney 4 to B, Addlson 6 to 2.
TO-DAT'S ENTRIES.
First race. 2:25 class, pacing, dash, one mile:
purse ?200— Edward A. Falvpy's Resort, E.
Stewart's Handy Pat. E. Schmidt's Fltz-Ay
mon, George Johns' Patsy D, J. O" Kane's Pea
nuts. A. H. Cohen's Much Better. Walnut
Grove Stock Farm's Majella. Mrs. E. W. Cal-
Jendlne's Abdine, E. C. Gabriel's Mark H.
George Gray's William Harold. James Thomp
son's Primrose. C. C. Crippen's Royal Sid. J.
R Iverson's Dictatress, George E. Shaw's
Frank Murphy, W. 8. Maben's Polo.
Second race. 2:20 class, trotting, dash, one
mile; purse $200—1). E. Knight's Silver Queen.
M. Crow's Aggregate, P. H. Qulnn's Forest W,
John Curley's Prince C, James Thompson's Dex
ter D. Roee Dale Farm's Diana. Charles L.
Griffith's Rect. Alex Comtek's Pearl K.
Third race. R-y<?ar-olds, trotting, heats, two In
three; purse $300— D. E. Knight's Dos Mlnutos,
J. M. M"orehead's Maud Murray, P. J. Wil
liams' California, A. G. Gurnett's Who Is It.
Vendome Stock Farm's Dr. Frasse, John Moore
head's Sibyl S. Charles L. Griffith's Bertlna.
Fourth race, 2:23 class, trotting, dash, one
mile: purse $200— E. E. Knijtht's Daymont, Wal
nut Grove Stock Farm's Lottie, H. C. Barton's
Cameo L, Georste E. Shaw's Wlnella, E. P.
Heald's Pilot Prince.
Fifth race, 2:20 class, pacing, dash, one mile;
purse $200— D. E. Knight's Cora S, E. Stewart's
Butcher Boy. A. B. Altken's Bess H. C. F.
Bunch's Much Better. Mrs. E. TV. Callendlne'a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOX— — «
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet
"Speedy, sure, gentle." MrUishMedicaUournai
CAUTION: See that the label bear* V* ttonch
twre of the firm. ' ■
Dlawood, George Gray's William Harold, Wal
ter Masten's Dlctatus. C. C. Grippens Roder
ick, S. 8. Hoy's Monroe S, W. S. Maben's Rex
Alto.
THANKS FBOM LABOR.
The United States Attorney's Office
Complimented by Workingmen
for Duty Performed.
The following communication was re
ceived by United States Attorney Foote
yesterday:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., July 5. IS9B.
H. 8. Foote. United States Attorney; Samuel
Knight and Bert Schlesinger, Assistant United
States Attorneys— Gentlemen:
Whereas, We, the undersigned members of
the joint committee from the District Counsel
of Carpenters and Joiners, San Francisco Labor
Council, and the Building Trades Council (rep
resenting all the trades unions of the city and
county of San Francisco), which committee
was elected from eaid councils to see to the
enforcement of the national eight-hour law In
the work performed on the new Postofflce
building in this city and county, recognizing
the faithful, efficient and zealous manner In
which you have so unremittingly labored most
successfully to accomplish that end In the con
viction and fining: of the John Kelso Company
and the San Francisco Bridge Company; there
fore, be It
.Resolved, That In the name of the working
people of San Francisco, we do hereby tender
to you our heartfelt vote of thanks for the
manner In which you have so successfully
prosecuted a case which at the outset appeared
to have obstacles almost insurmountable; now,
therefore, be It further
Resolved, That we will report back to our
councils and through them to our various
unions of the magnificent manner In which
you have conducted these most difficult cases
and of the great victory which you have .won
for the cause of labor throughout the United
States of America, and most sincerely hope you
will ever have the same success in all your
cases. S. L. ROBUINS.
_ _ , President of Committee.
T. O. ARTHUR, Secretary of Committee.
_ , HARRY M. SAUNDERS,
Business Agent for District Council of Car
penters and Joiners of America.
The Sheriff's Fee Collections.
The annual report of Sheriff Whelan,
filed yesterday with the Board of Super
visors, shows that during: the past fiscal
year he turned $11,357 42 into the otty
treasury. Of that sum $9201 20 was col
lected in fees from the Superior and
Justices' courts.
King of the Beggars.
William Kelly, known as the "King of
the Beggars," was sent to the County
Jail for six months by Judge Mogan yes
terday. Kelly hangs around the Baldwin
Hotel, and is insulting when refused a
coin. He spends his money in Chinese
gin.
Who Owns the Cloth?
The police want an owner for a large
bolt of dark gray tweed cloth, which was
found In the room of three men charged
with burglary. It is evidently part of the
plunder of some tailor shop.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
I do not believe there
JSagKTfflnEflW is a case of dyspep-
iß^giWrU-^£« eia, indigestion or
flff^*** 811 any stomach trouble
&&? a^j that cannot be re-
«« m m.mif'raP lieved at one« end
fa «anlnV permanently cured
V ''fyffl by my DYSPEPSIA
_^PL^^&3g^ At all druggists,
"Ki 'wZS*Z2S^S^T^ 25c. a vial. Guide
lip^pSr%T to Health and m di .
I I Jp* cal advice free. 1505 .
• Arch street, Phil a.
■jfiMOnWiM'!
A SHIRT FRONT THAT AT-
TRACTS ATTENTION
By the exquisite jr action of its color
and finish is the one tha+ yoi wear
from the laundry , work that is done
here. Cuff, collar shirt or shirt waist,
is sent home looking as fresh and per-
fect as the new article, and we are only
too pleased that c can giv gratifica-
tion and satisfaction to our patrons.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
/*""^|v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
k *®|| C 25 KEABNT JiT. Established
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62ff roUHH M WK. Established
I In 1854 for the treatment of Private
mjL+JQi-'B'M DiseasPS, Lost Manhood. Debility or
•yS^i^Hl disease wearing on bod y and mind and
•iSf'^iWlj^ Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcuresn'hen
'^h-J&ii-Cii'i others fail. Try him. Charges low.
: tSwai&d&£s3 (nrmcuarantrrd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. V. *kIBBOJ(, Box 19.17, San Francisco.
" For three years I had been suffering from
dyspepsia and stomach trouble, and had tried every-;
thing from patent medicines down to the .'hot water*
remedy. Last spring I noticed Ripans Tabules ad-
vertised in the village paper, and bought a package
of Dr. Durant I had not used more than a dozen
before I felt better. I keep them in the house all
the time and give them to my friends, but I rarely
have occasion now to take one mysel£"
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
Grand Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth Street,
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, AT 11 A. M. ■
By order of the administratrix of the estate
of the late J. Fabbri ("Baby") we will sell
15 horses, 2 hacks, 2 double express wagons
and a lot of single and double , harness. • For
further particulars- see A. Ruef, 402 Montgom-
ery st. Also, by order of Mayor Phelan, we
will Bell at same time and place a lot of Fire
Department horses. •
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,"
; Live Stock Auctioneers.
P. J. BARTH, AUCTIONEER.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY). July 6, 189S, at
11 o'clock a. m..
All ■ the Elegant. Furniture and Carpets con-
tained in flat 2. 412 McAllister st.
IT*- p\ j^ /bc^n r* r"^k
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Curedl
75-pago book sent free. S. U. Chamley. M. p.
IT THIRD ST., Near Market.
SEWDTO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
OCEAN IJ&AVfLL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fe^. Steamers leave Broadway *
\™fri I*.. wharf, San Francisco.
IK.'OTg3Rv For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I mRIJM^ July 5, 10. 15, 20 - *-' r '- 30; August
' KmlfilKa *• transfer at Seattle.
■RfSljnl For Alaskan ports (from
IHb^wml Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
i^"s»i^&2*U July IT, August 4, 25, transfer
at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
Anacnrtes and New hatoom (Wash.), 10 a.
m July 5, 10. 15, 20, 25, 30, August 4. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and Q. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
W For C Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..«
July 1. 7, 13, 19. 25, 31, August 6. and every
sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. July 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. 24, 28,
August 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), It
a. m.. July 2. 6, 10, 14. 18. 22. 26. 30, August 3.
and every fourth day thereafter.
. For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, . Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., July 17.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers. Bailing dates
and hours of saiitnev • •
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ■
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., Sa:i Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DESPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Prom Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m. '
CADE $12 First Class Including BertH
[MnL £8 Second Class and Meals. .
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia .July 2. 10, 18, 28
State of California July 6, 14, 22 30
St. Paul ....$l6 OOlSt. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago -.27 50
Omaha 26 00, New York 31.00
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st,
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. •
Compagnle Generals Transatlantic.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new 1 * 42 North
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <^f fTtjS
by this line avoid both transit by ■&**&&&■
English railway and the discomfort of rros-<! it?
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Erypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second class $116. ■ -*-.VV
LA TOURAiWE.... July 9.10 a.m.
LA NORMANDIE July 16, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE July 23, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE:- July 30. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE Aug. 6.10 a.m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
. No. 3. Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Fit icisco.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships .
Sail from New York every Saturday fop
Glasgow via Londonderry. .
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $60:
other steamers, $50.
Second — Rome, $42 50; Furnessia, $37 50;
other steamers, $35.
Steerage Passage— Rome, $25 50; Furnessia,
$24 50; other steamers, $23 50.
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents, 7
Bowling Green, New York: or J. F. FUGAZI,
5 Montgomery St.; or L. F. COCKROFT, 114
Montgomery st. ; or R. R. RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco.
PHS^HEfIBP The P. P. ALAMEDA
l&llnil 55 ' 11 ' 1-'1 -' vla Honolulu and
l»j£*™«W Auckland for Sydney
9 —^~s. Wednesday, July 13, at
n^MfHSniD tJ Lin™' to COOLGAR-
G> l ™" l ;i l ' l X DIE. Australia, and
(gmpa^AP£ TOWN. South
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents, ■
■y'tW Montgomery st.
Freight office — 327 Market ft.. San Francisco.
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. .
Steamer ''Monticello."
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat.'..» .'
9:«5 k. m. .3:15 p. m. '8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs. J
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Eundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. ta.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Plar X
Telephone Red 2241.
■ ■ *-..-■ ■ ' _*■■■'.-
910
CITY INCOME
TAKES A JUMP
Four More Millions on
the Tax Roll.
ASSESSOR'S ANNUAL REPORT
BANKING INSTITUTIONS TO
ENJOY A DECREASE.
Market-Street Railway Company Is
the Heaviest Personal Property
Taxpayer on the
List.
The annual report of Assessor Siebo
was filed yesterday -with tho Board of Su
pervisors. It shows an increased assess
ment of $3.K2 ( j.:.'ti4 on personal property and
real estate, the assessment of last year
017,954,830, against $851,784,094 for the
present year. Accompanying the report
was the following self-explanatory letter
from the Assessor, showing that while
there was an Increase in the receipts of
the office there was a decrease of nearly
$2i)00 in the expenditures:
ASSESSOR'S OFFICE,
SAX FRAJ*CISCO. July 5, IS9B.
To the Honorable the Board "f Supervisors of
the City and County «>f San Fram-isco— Gentle
men: In compliance with reKjlutlnn No. 10!3
(fourO your honorable body, I here
with submit my annuaj report as City and
County Assessor for the 3'isca.l year ending June
SO. IS9S.
On July 5 I delivered to John A. Russell, Ksq.,
rl«>rk of >.iur board, the assessment roll of un
secured personal property, which, with the se
cured personal property assessed on the real
!""k. amounts to 168,685,110, and the rial
-inent roll, contained in fifty-four
volumes amounting to Kks.uss.'.'n-i, of which
1.584 was the assessment against land and
150 was the assessment on Improvements.
In addition to the above I also delivered four
volumes of Indices and flt'ty-four block t>.»,ks
of maps of all the lands and subdivisions of
real estate within the city and county of San
Franci
The assessment of personal property (secured
nnl unsecured) last year footed up $69,796,965,
while the real estate roll amounted to $'-7* 157,-
SGo. We therefore find an Increase of 13.529.264
on persona] J>roperty and real estate, the en
tire assessment last year having been $347,»;■»,
inst t351.784.094 in ISK.
The receipts and expenditures of the office
. s follows:
RECEIPTS
Tax on personal property (unsecured). .s433,o36 09
Poll tax 73 .04 00
Total $506,640 09
Against (1897) 457,735 03
EXPKNSES.
Salary of Assessor... $4,000 00
salary of deputies (regular) 24.300 00
Salary of deputies (extra) 72,910 00
Rolls, stationery, block books, etc 2,f.43 63
Horse and buggy hire 567 50
Subscription to papers 3100
Total $104,352 13
Against (1597) 106,032 34
I also herewith submit for your Inspection
a copy of my annual report to the Surveyor
General of this State, with the statistics of the
mechanical and manufacturing Interests of this
oity and county. Very respectfully,
JOHN D. BIEBB, ,
.Assessor of the City and County of San Fran
cisco. : . rr -
■ The report shows that the University of
the State of California has $558,960 loaned
on mortgages and has acquired property
In the amount of $466,430. making a total
of $1,025,390 which has been withdrawn
from assesment and taxation. The Deaf
and Dumb and Blind Asylum has $16,000. ]
and the Robinson Bequest fund has $37,620
loaned on mortgages which under the law
are exempt from taxation.
The Market Street Railway Company
Is the largest taxpayer on the roll. It is
assessed for $1,178,300 on real estate; $6,379,
100 on personal property, making a total
assessment of $7.5.",400. When Assessor
Slebe took office the franchises of all cor
porations having special privileges were
assessed at $4,670,250. while this year they
are assessed at $11,026,400.
The assessed value of all mortgages In
force on the first Monday of March of this
year was $51,273,454, while the assessed
value of the property affected by these
mortgages is 74,680,360.
Amongst the heaviest assessments
against personal property taxpayers are;
the following:
AnKlo-Californlan Bank, $575,703; Alaska Pack
ers' Association, $219,061; Bank of California,
$2,543,397; A. Bore! & Co., $165,926; Baker &
Hamilton, $247,525; Bank of British Columbia,
$2S3,9St>; Bank of British North America, $188,
165; Buckingham, Hecht & Co., $134,030; estate
of Charles F. Crocker, $554,501; California Street
Cable Railroad Company, $437,625; Central Pa
cific Railroad Company, $173,570; California
Wine Association, $162,402; Crocker-Woolwortn
National Bank, $467, California I'uwder
Works, $104,670; City of Paris Dry Goods Com
pany, $120,960; Crane Company, $100,730; Dun
ham, Cariigan & Co., 1278,380; Deere Implement
Company, $107,831; Donohoe, Kelly & Co., $164,
230; Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar, $215,
735; estate of James G. Fair, $331,106; estate of
Theresa Fair, $197,274; William I . Fuller & Co.,
$204,353; Geary Street Railway Company, $242,
120; German Savings and Loan Society, $1,383,
059; General Electric Company, $106,250; George
W. Gibbs, $125,940; Hlbernla Pavings and Loan
Society, $072,523; A. P. Hotallng & Co., $104,430;
Hawley Bros. Hardware Company, $110,842;
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson, $223,026; Kohler &
Chase, $100,349; London and San Francisco
Bank. $204,177; Langley, Michaels & Co., $112,
350; London, Paris and American Bank, $340,
567; Market Street Railway Company, $6,379,100;
Main & Winchester, $134,781; Daniel Meyer,
1141.850; Mutual Savings Hank, $194,463; Annie
A. and Hazel D. Montgomery, $121,267; W. W.
Montague .<• Co., $224,733; Miller. Sloss & Scott,
1175,150; Mutual Electric Light Company, $147,
134; Murphy. Grant & Co., $160,130; Nevada Na
tional Hank. $142,708; Charles Nelson, $119,260;
Neustadter Bros., $180,030; O'Connor, Moffatt &
Co., $134,650; Oceanic Steamship Company,
$518,000; Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany. $1,197,784; Pacific Gas Improvement Com
pany, $910,490; Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany, $297,261; Pacific Steam Whaling Company,
$168,060; Redington & Co., $143,452: San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company. $2,540,540: San
Francisco Savings Union, $897,547; Savings and
Loan Society, $733,155: Sachs Bros. & Co.. $110,050;
Spring Valley Water Company, $3,559,713; Simp
son Lumber Company. $124,525; A. M. Simpson,
$141,100: estate of Sharon. $109,230: San Fran
cisco Breweries, Limited. $201,179: Southern
Pacific Company. $102,050; Standard Oil Com
pany. $147.593; Levl Strauss & Co.. $333,150; Sut
ter Street Railroad Company. $553,450; Security
Pavings Bank, $348,870; Claus Spreckels, $233,
750: J. D. Spreckels Bros. & Co.. $146,270: Sher
man & Clay. $136,6™: Shreve & Co.. $155,049; W.
J. Sloane A Co.. $147,500: Louis Sloss & Co.,
$141,960: estate of Inland Stanford, $152.2ir.;
TiHmann & Bendel. $106,675: Union Iron Works.
J225.1 »0: Wells. Farm .<;• Co., $447,867; D. N. &
E. Walter & Co.. $130,271: R. Weil & Co.. $150.
150: Western Sugar Refining Company, $331,555.
The statistical report of the mechanical
and manufacturing industries of the city
and county will prove of general inter
est: '...
Agricultural Implements manufactories, 1;
men employed, 10; value of manufactures.
20.000.
Air compressor manufactories, 2: men em
ployed, 25; value of manufactures. $150,000.
Artificial stone manufactories. IS; men em
ployed. 175; value of manufactures, $280,000.
Architectural Iron manufactories, 7; men em
ployed, 70; value of manufactures, $175,000.
Axle grease 'manufactories. 7: men employed,
25: value of manufactures, $60,000.
Bag manufactories <hemn and Jute), 3; men
and boys employed, ISO; value of manufactures.
1620,000.
Baking powder manufactories. 4; men. boys
and girls employed, 75; value of manufactures,
$150,000.
Barrel manufactories, 20: men and boys em
ployed. 300; value of manufactures, $525,000.
Bedding, mattresses and upholstering factor
ies, 17: men employed, 250; value of manufac
tures, 1400.080.
Bed spring manufactories, 2: men employed,
20: value of manufactures. $65,000. . •
Bellows, manufactories, 1: men employed, 5;
value of manufactures, $15,000.
Belting manufactories, 5: men and boys em
ployed, $30; value of manufactures, $140,000.
Billiard table- manufactories,- 3; men and
boys employed, 12; value of manufactures, $20,
000. ,
Boat builders. 12: men employed, 250; value
of manufactures. $150,006.
Book binderies. 20; men, women and boys
employed, 500 value of manufactures, $500 -
000. '
Boots, shoes and slippers manufactories, 28;
men employed (white). 800; Chinese .employed,"
300: value of manufactures, $52e,000.
Boiler shops. 6; men and boys employed, 300;
value of manufactures, $200,000.
Brass foundries, 10; men and boys employed
400; value of manufactures, $SOO,OOO.
Box manufactories (cigar), 5: men. boys and
; girls (white) employed. 70; Chinese employed,
30: value of manufactures, $100,000.
.Box manufactories paper), 9; men, boys and
girls employed, 275; value of ■ manufactures
J2C0.000. . . •
Box manufactories (wooden), 4; men' and
boys employed, --. 225; value of manufactures.
$450,000. • .
Breweries, 14 ; men employed,. 700; hops con
PRETTY WEDDING CEREMONY.
Marriage of W, E, Brodersen and Miss Lizzetta M. Popp
at the First Enulish Lutheran Church. .
One of the prettiest weddings of the season took place laat evening at
the First English Lutheran Church, on Geary street, between Gough and
Oct&via. The hijih contracting parties wen; W. EL Brodersen, secretary of
Wlchman, L.utgen <Sr Co., one of the brightest and best known young business
men In the city and a popular one in society circles, and Miss Lizzetta M.
Popp. The young lady is the accomplshed and handsome daughter of Wil
liam Johns, a retired merchant, widely known in business circles and
among mining men. Both are members of the "Entre Nous" and "Assem
bly" cotillons, and have hosts of friends. The decorations were beautiful,
novel and greatly admired. Kmile Groezlnger acted as best man, Lillian
Schaible and Vera Medau were the flower girls and Messrs. Fred H. Slebe,
Gustave A. Fleissner and Albert H. Antz acted as ushers. The marriage
service was most impressive.
After the congratulations of the many friends present the wedding party
proceeded to the residence of the bride's parents, where a reception was
held.
sumed. pounds, 550,000; barley consumed, tons, |
37 500; beer manufactured, barrels, 544, 0u0; ag
gregate value of product, $2,725,000.
Broom manufactories, 9: men and boys em
ployed, 50; Chinese employed, 30; value of
manufactures, $125,000.
Brush factories, 7: men and boys employed.
30; value of manufactures, $75,000.
Candle manufactories, -; men. buys and girls
employed, 45; value of manufactures, $50,000.
Carriage and wagon manufactories, 43; men
and boys employed, .TO; value of manufactures,
$225,000.
Coffee, spice and chocolate manufactories. 20;
men, boys and girls employed, 350; value of
manufactures, $'.VHXI,OOO.
Cider manufactories, 3; men employed, 10;
value of manufacture b, J^ 00
Confectionery manufactories, 3; men. boys,
ana girls employed, 3^'; value of manufactures.
$725,000.
Car manufactories, 2: men employed. 10;
value of manufacture?. $li
I'iiriir manufactories, 800; men. women and
boys employed (white), 2">; Chinese employed,
509; cigars manufactured. 51.020,000; cigarettes
manufactured 8,326,000; i-atue of manufactures,
<'rack.»r manufactories, 3; men, buy? and I
gii-ls employed, 500; value of manufactures,
J1.2&0.C00. I
Chemical works, fl; men employed. 90; value
of manufactures. $1,100,1
Clothing manufactories, Jx men, women and i
boys employed (white), 750; Chinese employed,
875; value of manufactures, $1,600,000.
i oj persmiths, '!; men and women employed,
15; value Of manufactures, $I<>o,ooo.
Cordage and rope factory, 1; men. boys and
girl? employed, 250; value of manufactures,
$500,000.
Cloak manufactories. 30; men and women em
ployed 500; value <"' manufactures, $300,000.
Coffin manufactories, 2: men and boys em
ployed, 40; value of manufactures. $73,000.
Cutlery manufactories, 2; men and boys em
ployed 35; value of manufactures. $30,000.
Drydocks dWtinfO. 2; men employed, 60; ca
: d cits, 8500 tons (first 4500, second
2000 tons).
Drydocks '(Stone), 1; length of excavation in
rock, feet, 4S»"; width of top, feet, 120; capacity
of length, teet. 426; capacity of drawing, feet,
22; ■ apaclty of pump.- iur cleaning per hour,
cubic feet, a2»i.;'."o; total cost "f work, (675,000.
Electric lighting companies, 7; men and boys
employed, 8W); nuralnr of arc lights, 370u; num
ber of Incandescent lights, 160,000; horse-power
and motors, 2000; coal used, tons, 45,0u0; value
of manufacture;-, fI.T ,'•
Electric machines and supplies manufactories,
17; nun and boys employed, 2f>o; value of manu
factures, $875,000.
Elevator manufactories. 3; men and boys em
; toyed, i«); value of manufactures, $2iW.Wi.>.
Fertilizer manufactories. 3; men ami boy*
employed, 70; value of manufactures, $315,000.
Fireworks manufactories, 1; men and boya
employed, 25; value of manufactures, $40,
Flour, feed and meal mills, 11; men, boys and
girls employed, 250; value of manufactures,
12,250.000.
Foundries and machine works, 40; men and
boyS employed, 35W; value of manufactures,
$4*280,000.
Fringe manufactories, 4: men and women em
ployed. 25; value of manufactures, $50,000.
Fruit canning and preserving factories. 9;
men, women and bi j'a i mployed, 8000; value of
fruit and vegetables, $2,760,000.
Fur mnnu!acto:l<*s, i; men and women em
! ployed, 75; value of manufactures. $225,000.
Gas works, 2: men employed, 600; value of
manufactures, $1,7:
Gas engine works, 3; men and boys employed,
90; value of manufactures, $150,000.
Glass works, 1; men. boys and girls em
ployed. 800; vaJue of manufactures. $400,000.
Qlasa staining, cutting and bending works,
4: men and boys employed, 45; value of manu
factures, $10"."".
Glove manufactories, 12; men, women and
boyr employed, 450; value of manufactures.
Glue manufactories. 1; men and boys em
ployed, 8: value of manufactures, $40,000.
Glycerine manufactories. 1; men employed, 10;
value of manufactures. $25,000.
Harness manufactories, nn; men and boys em
ployed. i 7.' .; value of manufactures, $465,000.
Hat and cap manufactories. S: men and wo- j
men employed, 75; value of manufactures, $200,- I
000.
Ice manufactories. 3; men employed, 45; value I
of manufactures, $125,000.
Ink and mucilage manufactories, 2; men and
boys employed. 20; value of manufactures, $80,
000.
Iron, fence and ornamental work manufac
. tork-s. E; men and boys employed, 75; value of
; manufactures, 5175.G00.
Japanning and galvanizing factories, 3; men
and boys employed, 55; value of manufactures,
$130,000.
Jewelry and silverware manufactories, IS;
men and bnys employed, 175; value of manufac
tures. $525,000.
Laundries (white 130), (Chinese 155), 2V">;
men, women and boys employed (white), 1600;
Chinese employed, 900.
Last manufacti ries, 2; men and boys em
ployed, 10: value of manufactures, $15,000.
Lead pipe and shot factory, 1; men and boys
employes, 60; value of manufactures, Jb'iO.OOO.
I Linseed oil works, 1: men employed. 45; value
of manufactures. $140,t)0(i.
Macaroni and vermicelli factories, 10; men I
and boya employed, 125; value of manufactures, I
$145,000
Malt house*. 4; men and boys employed, 1C0; j
value of manufactures, MSO.COO.
Marble works. 25; men and boys employed, '
| 100; value of manufactures, $150,000.
Match faetoric", 2; men and bnys employed,
60; value of manufactures, $40,000.
Millinery manufactories. D 5; women em
ployed, 650; value of manufactures, $725,000.
Musical Instruments manufactories, 7; men |
and boys employed, 85; value of manufactures. !
140.000.
'■ Neatsfoot oil manufactory, 1; men employed.
5; value of manufactures. $5(!00:
Oakum manufactory, I; men employed, 20;
value of manufactures, 515,n00.
I'aint manufactories. 7; men and boys em- |
ployed, 75; value of manufactures. $"75,000.
Picture frame manufactories, 4; men and \
b^ys employed, 125; value of manufactures, j
T IOO, OOO.
Pump and pumping machinery manufactor- i
fes, 7; men and boys employed, 50; value of |
manufactures, $200,000.
Provision packing houses, 4; men employed,
42^; value of manufactures. $2,ino,f>oo.
Rolling mllb. 1: men and boys employed. 150:
value of manufactures. $?;0,000.
Rubber manufactories, 3; men and boys em
ployed. 20; value of manufactures, $160,000.
Rubber stamp manufactories, C; men and j
boys employed, 30; value of manufactures, $25.
000.
| Safe and vault works, 2; men employed, 8;
j value of manufactures. 155.C00.
Saw and planine mills, 10: men and boys
employed, 5<W; value of manufactures. $600,000. i
Snw manufactories, S: men employed, 4"; !
; value of manufacture*. $100,000.
j Sash, door and blind factories, 12; men and
! boys employed, 350; value of manufactures,
$3<-.0,C00.
Salt works. 5; men and boys employed, 40;
value of product. $250,000.
Shirt manufactories, 35; m«n and women em- ■
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
ployed, 525; value or manufactures, $1,330,000.
Ship yards, 7: men and boys employed, 600;
value of manufactures, $1,500,000.
Sack value of manufactures, employed,
yards, 7; men and boys employed, 600;
of manufactures, 11,600,006.
: needii' manufactories, 1; men employed,
5; value of manufactures, $10,000.
Soap manufactories, 8; men employed. 75;
value of manufactures, $320,000; soap made,
pounds, 9,150,000.
Soda water works, 7: men employed, 63; value
of manufactures, $80,000.-
Solder and babbitt works, 3; men and boys
employed, 40; value of manufactures, $150,000.
Show case manufactories, 5; men employed,
13; value of manufactures, $15,000.
Sugar refineries, l; men and boys employed,
830; sugar (raw) used, lbs, 317,687,427, sugar
(white) made, lbs, 292,605,688; sugar (-enow)
made, lbs, 11,727.804; syrup mad", gallons. 544,
572; value of manufactures, $14,352,729.
Syrup and cordial manufactories, 8; men em
ployed, 40; value of manufactures, $35,000.
Tanneries (hides), 15; men and boys em
ployed. 150; value of manufactures. $1,400,000.
Tanneries (sheepskins), 4; men and boys em
ployed, 100; value of manufactures. $175,000.
Tinware and tin can manufactories, 8; men
and boys employed, 1100; value of manufac
ur..-s, 900,000.
Trunk manufactories. 2; men and boys em
ployed, 50; value of manufactures, $120,000.
Type foundries. 3; men and boys employed,
75; value of manufactures, $75,000.
Tank manufactories, 4: men employed, 100;
value of manufactures, $21,000.
Varnish manufactories. 2; men employed, 6;
value of manufactures, $40,000.
Wneering manufactories, 1; men employed.
mish manufactories. 2; men employed, 6;
•• of manufactures, $40,000.
neeiing manufactories, 1: men employed.
23; value of manufactures, $37,500.
Vinegar and pickle manufactories, 9; men,
boys and women employed, 110; value of man
ufactures, $150,000.
White lead manufactories. 2; men and boys
employed, 60; value of manufactures, $300,000.
Windmill manufactories, 3; men 1 employed,
25; value of manufactures, $15,000.
Wire and wire rope manufactories, 1; men
and boys employed, 125; value of manufactures
$250,000.
Willow . and wooden ware manufactories, 5;
indmlU manufactories, 3; value of manu
' manufactures, $15,000.
re and wir- r..pe manufactories, 1; men,
boye employed, 125; value of manufactures,
How and ■woolen ware manufactories, :>;
and boys employed, 100; value of manu
factures, $125,000.
Woolen mills, 1; men, . women and boys em
ployed. ISO; value of manufactures, $215,000.
Whip manufactories, 1; men, women and
boys employed, 15; value of manufactures,
$22,. r ,CO.
Wire 'nail manufactories, 1; men and boys
employed. 10; value of manufactures, $25,000.
wood turning and carving manufactories, 10;
men and boys employed, 105; value of manu
factures, $30,000.
Water wheel manufactories. 1; men em
ployed, f.5; value of manufactures, $255.000.
Women and children's underwear manufac
tories, 15; men and women employed, 175; Chi
nese employed, 550; value of manufactures
$175,000;
Wool, scouring and grading: houses, 6; men
and women employed, 275; woo! nroduced, lbs
33,r,00.C00; wool scoured, lbs. 10,000,000; value of
product, $1,750,0C0.
The following comparative statement
of the assessments levied against the
banking Institutions show a decrease of
$1,400,011 from the flgurea of 1597:
1897. 1898.
Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society $1,458,157 $967,529
German Savings' ami Loan
Society 1,283,650 1,778,059
San Francisco c avings
Union ..? 867,304 347,370
Security Savings Bank... 518,764 347 370
Mutual Savings Bank 286,877 194*463
Humboldt. Savings Bank.. 45,613 56 614
Columbus Savings Bank.. 6,018 8,547
French Ravings Bank . 43,021 32 371
Savings and Ivan Society .1,122,659 729^05
California Mortgage and
Savings Bank- ', 19 055
Pacific Coast Savings So
ciety .... 5,200 7,732
American Bank and Trust
Company 42,639 36,664
-California Bank 695,205 672 959
Bank of California 2.082.14S 2 538*097
Bank of British Columbia. 245,988 2<o 956
Bank of British North - -. 4 _ ;
America-. 266,263 ' 178 063
California Safe Deposit and
Trust Company .......... 125,750 69.160
Columbian Banking Com
pany 4,845 6 318
Donohoe-Kelly Banking' • ■ • .
Company 152,919 162.980
London. Paris and Ameri
can Bank .. "327,969 337,507
London and San Francisco
Bank 236,213 201,177
Nevada Bank 1,099.555 ....;....
Father Bankin" Company. 290, C52 "6521.5
Tallant Banking Com- .
panjr 115,514 70 517
Union Trust Company .... 32,682 44 040
Well, Fargo & Co.'s . ; ""-"j™
. Bank 345.563 444,367
Bank of Commerce .. 11,089 ' 16 282
Swiss- American ■ Bank of '
Locarno ;.. 16585
First National Bank .. 6,000 964
Crocker - Woolworth Na
tional Bank 6,000 467.913
Nevada National, Bank.. \ .' . 137,
San Francisco National
■ Bank ............................... 6 000
■ . ■"■-■ •
Total $11.725,2*77 10,319,256
INJURED" BY FIRECRACKERS.
Several Boys Treated at the Receiv
ing Hospital Yesterday.
Boys who continued the celebration of
the Fourth yesterday were in evidence at
the Receiving Hospital to get their
wounds attended to.
Con Sullivan. 15 Alvnrado street, was
fooling wih a can of powder at Turk and
Hyde streets when a lighted match fell
into the can and his face was severely
burned. He had a narrow escape from
losing his eyesight.
John Clark. 173 Shipley street, was treat
ed for powder burns of the face; Frank
Hoflf, 128 Converse street, for powder
burns of the right hand; Robert Grlfiln
C 75 Corbett road, for powder burns of the
right hand and wrist: Mundo Drummo
517^ Oak street, powder burns of the
right hand, and George McCraith, 314 Fair
Oaks street, powder burns of the right
eye.
Ask for a Police Station.
A lengthy petition signed by property
owners and residents alonp the line of
Third, Fourth, Natoma, Clementina,
Howard and Folsom streets, asking that
a police station be established on the,
south side, was filed yesterday with the
Supervisors. Since the burning down of
the old Southern police station on Fol
pom street, between Fourth ond Fifth, the
southern squad 1 has beon reporting- on and
off duty at the new City Hall.
WAR DUTY STAMPS.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch.
Collected Twenty-Six Thousand
Dollars Yesterday.
The receipts in the office of Internal
Revenue Collector Lynch yesterday were
$40,136, of which amount $26,000 was for
war duty stamps.
The following communication, received
by the Collector, will be of Interest to
business men:
TREASURY DEPARTMENT,
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 28, 1808.
To Collectors of Internal Revenue: Section.
4 of the act of June 13, IS9B, relating to tobacco
dealers and manufacturers provides as follows:
"Section 4. That trom and after July I, 1898,
special taxes on tobacco dealers and manufac
turers shall be and hereby are imposed an
nually as follows: The amount of such annual
taxes to be computed in all cases on the basis
of the annual sales for the preceding iiscal
year."
Dealers in tobacco whose annual sales exceed
60,000 pounds shall each pay $12.
Every person whose business it Is to sell or |
offer for sale manufactured tobacco, snuff or
cigars shall be regarded as a dealer In to- |
baecp; provided "that no manufacturer of to
bacco, snuff or cigars shall be required to pay
a special tax as dealer in manufactured tobacco ]
and cigars for selling his own products at the j
place of manufacture." It is held that 2,500,000 j
cigars shall be regarded an equivalent to f,0,000 j
pounds of tobacco, and the special tax of deal- |
era will be computed on that basis. It is as-
BUtned that 1000 cigars are equivalent to twenty '
pounds of tobacco, and that 1000 cigarettes are 1
equivalent to three pounds of tobacco for the I
purpose of determining the liability to special
tax under the law. If the dealer sells tobacco, j
snuff, cigars and cigarettes, or only one or ;
more of these articles, and his aggregate an- I
nual sales for the fiscal years ending June 30, |
IS9S, exceeded 50.000 pounds, ho will be required
to pay the special tax commencing July 1. 1898. |
It is held that a person who has not engaged i
in the business of dealer in tobacco prior to
July 1, IS9B, but who on that date or subse
quently during the year engages In the busi
ness, will be required to pay the special tax
whenever his sales at any time within the year '
have exceeded 50,000 pounds. The special tax :
will be computed from the first day of the
month in which he commenced to engage in
the business. Respectfully yours,
N. T>. BCOTT, Commissioner.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F P Black, S Jose W W Kmery, Cal
W Tulloch, Oakdale il D Emery. Cal
E Wnlppie, Decoto Mrs Colraine, Cal
R A Tucker, NY \V H Rhodes, Cal
A D Cfiase, Portland J Hurley, Cal
J Mailer, S R> sa O Woodley & w, Mich
R Menzte, S Clara J Sims, Sacto
A V McNab, Uklah N Wines. Truckee
F King, Yreka L X Williams, Uklah
J W Phillips, Reno I X Hollingsworth, Cal
Mile. Poirst, Md I Mrs C Bartlett, Cal
J A Wood, Denver | Klla Laughlln. Cal
G L Cobb, Cal Mrs G W Hill. Napa
E Helman. S Diego jB H Wilson &w. Cal
M D Merritt, Oakland R H Capron. N V
G Chapman. Term M Kenny, Pa
J E Healey, Cal ! Mrs R N Willing. Cal
C A Topham. S Diego | M S Albright, Sacto
R L Cram-. I'kiah '/. Redellffe. Oakland
C Lane, S Jose Miss E Rogers, Ind
R R Flint. Sacto T C Woodworth, Cal
W W Naughtan, Cal J C Tlce, Cal
J A Williamson, Cal E Boesch, Cal
J Ho-.d. Hanford C C Titcomb, L Ang
Mies M Harden, Mass J W Tulloch. Oakdale
s E Merley, Chicago W H Nichols, Cal
Mrs EC L Hunt, Indlo E X Fox, Redwood
F E MeCollum, Cal J L Rollins, Auburn
T H Williams. Cal Mrs T W Helntzelman,
G A Chittenden, Cal Sacto
C Van Valkenburgh, G L Cobb, Cal
Hanford ! J R Crawford, Cal
W Murray. Pleasanton, Mrs A Ogden, Sonora
A E Osborne, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs C J Titus, Saeto W L Breyfo?le, 111
Mrs B H Gorton. Sacto Mr? W L Brd/*O<le, 111
A Hamilton, N V \V E Fitch. LouixvilU 1
Mlsa .1 Hamilton, N T W H Pierce, !-;iUlmcre
Miss B Hamilton, N V E Meyer, Berlin
J Gal legos, Ban Jose C A Hopkins, Boston
Mrs J Gallegos, Sn Jose W Hettey, Berlin
C Dunphy, Stanford Mrs I) Belden, San J-.Se
J Schlosa, New York Mrs G Fletcher. I la]
Bin X I> N<-ls,,n, N V |M Jordan, Irvington
Mlsa Nelson. NY E S Morine. Irvtngtnn
J B Fisher. New YorKiD Melone, Oak Knoll
S 11 Mitchell, N V R 1> Inman. Portland
F H Mitchell, N 7 |O E Never. Pasn Robls
T R Mtnturne, Mont C W Tuttle, Colusa
W H Minturne. Mont L J Gerson, N V
E H Roberts. DSC 1 Hauser, Salt Lake
Mrf E H Roberts, D C F W Dunn, Cal
Jfl A Blaw New York I Major Kcriveji. D S A
Mrs M A rila-v, N V J L Halsted, Los Ang
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C M Hunter & W, SanW Colombeth. Menlo
Rafael I Parker, San Jose
J I Kwards, St Louis L J Abrams. Sacto
• ' E BPhilipa, Sacto W Wright, Hanford
X (' Howard & w, N J 8 Mlgllavacca, Xapa
Mr & Mra J Hart. N V F F Glustl, L Ang
Mile Fleurette. NT F Foistner. Am City
3 L King, C Merritt J P M<-rr!I! N V
M E Harris. Oakland G Moore. New York
<■ D Hyland. L Merced E L Allen. New York
H L Ford. U S S Pat- N E Barter. Phila
tcrson |R E Armstrong. Mass
O Millanl. Bakersfleld! Mrs L Cross & d. Me
J W Miller. iiuk--rsnld i C R McAsh, Denver
J W Morgan, Cal R S Scott. Cheyenne
H iK'mlng, Petaluma J Zimmerman, Stktn
W Gallagher, Cal
NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
C C Williams ft w, Cal W F Flournoy, Cal
C A Johnson. <'al J I> Ellis. New York
J <le Roco, Berkeley C Moors, Seattle
H Laverty, Sunta Rosa B J Dalwell, Boston
P Smith, "Angela J L Cross, Rio Vista
T King Chico F Maxwell, Colfax
J P Barker & w, Fresno J 1" Shaffer, Sta Clara
H Emory & fm. Exeter <' M Harrison, Tacoma
W Satterthwalt & w, L Davis, Chicago
Phoenix R D Jackson. Los Ang
Dr J E Marsh, Qal C Peterson, Davisville
SAN IRANCISCO CALL.
ET'STNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ."27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€15 Larkln street; »«-*n until 9:80 o'clock.
3941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2201 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2f>2fi Mission street : open until 9 o'clock.
1503 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A. M. — Stuted meeting THIS _*\^
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at S JlLj\
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH, Sec. ' >
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ■
Stated meeting THIS (WEDNUS-
DAY) EVENING, July 6. at 7:So^3f
• o'clock. - '»'
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. *
M.— Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES-^^
DAY) EVENING, July 6, at 8 o'clock. )Xjr
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. /V>
MORSE Ledge No. 267, I. O. O. F. o^-^^,
- Installation of officers THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, July *£2*Ctp2£Z
6. All members are requested to """
be present. Visitors cordially Invited.
EDWARD LEOPOLD, N. G.
C. BRIND, Recording Secretary.
LAUREL Grove No. 17, U. A. O. D.-xfto
Officers and members are requested to QJ
meet at 445 Valencia St., THIS DAT. xvi
at 1 o'clock sharp to attend the funeral of
our late brother, GODFREY A. TREN-
SCHEL. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
HENRY A. CHASE, N. A.
L. J. PERT, Secretary.
DIVISION No. .2, A. O. H.— The regu- r v\3
lar monthly meeting : of this division \OvVfl!
will be held at Hibernia. Hall, 120 _e\ ,'L
Ninth St., on THIS (WEDNESDAY) f^fel
EVENING, July 6. 1898, at 7:30 "**
o'clock. BAHTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Recording Secretary.
THE quarterly meeting of Servian-  _♦
Montenegrin L. and B. -Society * JfVjf^
will be held THIS (WEDNES- _yM r i
DAY) EVENING, July 8, 1898, at !BK r S'''S4 ! iB
8 o'clock, at 10 California st. All SflßKnlSfii
officers and. members are earn- i.'^HJS'ijW
estly requested to attend. Fine IjMliEjyj
for non-attendance will be strict- NpMf^H/
ly enforced. By order of - :^ssaasr
JOHN GLAVINOVICH. ' President.
SPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.:
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society meets A
THIS EVENING. S o'clock sharp. By $S*££"Ss
order M. SCANATICH, President. SfhJj&i
A. CONNICH, Secretary.
Membfrs having tickets of our last picnic must
account for same at thin meeting or they will
be charged as duts against them.
COMMITTEE.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- n
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- Jfi*,
ING, July 0, 1898, at B'nal B'rith Hall. <$ft*l
121 Eddy St., at 8 o'clock. A full nt-
'tendance requested. Business of lm- *^ ilT*
portance. "»
E. J. BRANDON, President.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for th<? Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the society's office at
the Animals' Home, Sixteenth and Alabama
Bta.. on MONDAY. July 18. 189 S. at 4 p. m.,
when a board of trustees for the ensuing year
will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company, No.
321 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal., on TUES-
DAY, the 19th day of July. IB9S, at the hour
of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the following
orphan and half-orphan girls and boys have
been admitted to the San Francisco Protest-
ant Orphan Asylum, on Haight St., from
January 1 to July 1, 18SS: Aileen F. Wolf,
llVi yrs; Margaret L. Wolf. 9}i yrs; Hazel
I. Wolf, 8 yrs; Bella Obenauer, 12 yrs; Viola
Blanchard, 10 yrs: Leona Blanchard, 8 yrs;
Ethel M. Cheatham, IOVi yrs; Margaret
Forbes, 10% yrs; Ida D. Roper, 8 yrs; Rhoda
Wedde, 9 yrs; Ida Wedde, S yrs; Elizabeth
Meyer, 4 yrs; Margaret Meyer, 3 yrs; Mary
Fleming, 10 yrs; Carrie Loeffler, 8% yrs;
George L. Smith, 5U yrs; Arthur Smith, 12
yrs; Mark Smith, S% yrs; Walter Smith, 7
yrs; Charles Fleming, 11V4 yrs; Thomas
Forbes. 9 1-3 yrs; John A. Primus, BV4 yrs;
Hugo G. Berg, 9 yra; Vivian Berg, 7 yrs;
Charles Wedde, 3H yrs; Louis H. Fiest, 12%
yrs; Albert Fiest, 10 1-3 yrs; Leroy Fiest, 7^4
yrs; Orion Blanchard, 11 yrs, and Henry
Koenicke, 3 yrs.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake St., San Francisco,
Cal., has received the following orphans, half-
orphans and abandoned girls from Apitl 1 to
June 30, 1898: Mary Elizabeth Gresham, aged
7 years; Gladys Elizabeth Gresham, 5 years 3
months; Ruth Mj er Merrill, 2 years 6 months;
Amelia Daubet, 6 years; Hazel Densmore, 12
years 10 months; Isabella Hague, 10 years 9
months; Maybelle Benbow, S years 2 months;
Fredericka Hermann, 7 years 6 months; Flor-
ence Hermann. 5 years 5 months; Mabel
Lavln, 12 years 1 month; Lizzie Reilly. 4
years; Marjorie Graham, 8 years 11 months.
ABANDONED children in St. Josephs Infant
Orphan Asylum since January 1, 1898. to July
1, 1898 — Philip Kearns, 2 years; Patrick Nor-
ton. 6 years; Annie Norton, 5 years; Mary
McDonald, 4 years: John McDonald. 2 years;
Robert Canerty, 5 years; Rose Gomez, 5 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5580.
MISS BERTHA GOLDEN, from Chicago, Turk-
ish baths, 1015 Market st., bet. Sixth and
Seventh, room 17. second floor.
ROOMS papered from $2 SO; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
LARGE pleasure yacht for hire; fishing or ex-
cursion. NELSON, 527 Howard st.
PEARL PIERCE, manicuring, massage. 230
Kearny St., room 20.
RAY FAIR, water reader and magnetic healer.
208 O'Farrell Bt., room 2.
MME. DE LA FONT; returned; 122 Post St.;
room 9, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and HIS Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. HIS Market St., room 8.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer; room
98, second floor, 1505 Market st, cor. Eighth.
MISS EMILY POTTER, >•'.'•- Market St., room
12, opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
CLARA NORDLINGER, alcohol baths and
massage, lul Eddy st.. room 12.
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market St., parlors U and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ETA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk St.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market Bt.. opp. Powell, rooms 9 and 11.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120% Geary st., room S.
MRS. STEWART, genuine- steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st, room 11.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions ami want ads taken.
DIVIDEND XOTiC— S.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones sts.
—San Francisco. June 2*J, l.sas — At a regular
meeting of the Hoard of Directors of this so-
ciety, held this day, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-fifths
(3 2-o) per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending June 30, IS9S, free from
all taxes, and payable on and after July 1,
MB. ROBERT J. TOWN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Security Savings Bank. 222
Mil tgomery st., Mills building— Dividends for
thf ialf year ending June 30, ISSB, on term
deports at the rate of four (4) por cent per
annum and on ordinary deposits at the rate
Of three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per an-
num, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1, 1888,
S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society, 526 California st.— For the half
year ending June 3D. IS9B, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of four and twenty-hun-
dredths (4.20) per cent per annum on term
deposits and three and one-half (3.50) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after FRIDAY, July 1,
• lb9S. GEORGE TOCUNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St., cor. of Sutter — The Board
of Directors declared a dividend for the half-
year ending June 30, IS9S, at the rate of four
(4) per cent per annum on term deposits and
three aJd one-third (3 1-3) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Friday, July 1, 1898.
Dividends not called for are added to and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 18118.
CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st. — The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends: Four per
cent per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on
and after July 1, IS9B.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Kent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. SSS Market st.: phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS W A NTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook
and houseworker; $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON,
Sl3 Sutter St.
NEAT Irish girl, who Is an excellent cook,
wants place cooking or housework; best ref-
erences. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
GERMAN; first-class cook; 3 years last place.
MRS. NORTON, Swedish and uerman Em-
ployment Bureau, 313 Suiter st.: ti ! Green 721.
YOUNG German girl wishes piare: housework,
second work or take care of children; good
references; $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON. 313
Slitter st.
NEAT young Oerman girl desires situation at
housework $10 to $15: references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and housework
girl desires situation: 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CTLLKN. 385 Sutter st
SCOTCH cook, best of reference, desires a situ-
ation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st._
WANTED- Situation by middle-aged woman;
is good cook; do general housework; will
work for moderate wages; city or short dis-
tance in country; willing and obliging. Ap-
ply 10 Stockton place, oft Stockton St., bet.
Post and Sutter.
rOUNG woman wants place to do light house-
work with small family, or chamberwork
and sewing, near Sacred Heart College pre-
ferred, $10 to $15; references; no postals. 812
Page st.
RELIABLE elderly woman wishes a position
In a small family to assist with light house-
work; would make herself useful; references.
Address box 330, Call ofilee.
WANTED— A position as assistant housekeeper
in a quiet family of adults; extra reliable;
wages moderate. Inquire 11 Erks=on court, off
Post, near Devisadero.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer
and typewriter; willing to assist with office
work. Address box E. A. G., 07, Call office.
GERMAN yii'l would like place as cook Ot
housework; last place 4 years and a half; $25.
184 Precita aye., bet. Mission and Howard.
YoUNG French lady, fresh wetnurse, wishes
situation in surae family. Inquire MRS.
BERNARD, midwife, SOl Vallejo St.
YOUNG Danish woman wants general house
work; $3 per week and sleep at home. Ad-
dress M.. A., box 23, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a neat young Ger-
man girl for chambermaid and waiting or
housework. Please call at 321 Ellis, room 74.
YOUNG German girl of 14 years would like a
position in Cathi.lic family. Apply 741Vs
Thirteenth St.. bet. Churcli and Sanchez.
GERMAN woman, understands care of sick or
invalid and light housework; wages very
small to suit. J. F., box 167, Call of lice.
WOMAN would like work by the day: $1 per
day; call between 7 and 9 a. m. MRS. T. F.
SULLIVAN. 503 O'Farrell st.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation; laundress.
Address 745 Howard st,, between Third and
Fourth; MRP. TIBBETHS.
WANTED— By a good, respectable girl, to do
general housework i-nd cooking. Please call
at -422 Geary st.
BITUATION wanted by a Swedish girl to do
nuking- and housework. Call or address 1150
Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes place to do general house-
work and plain cooking: wages $15. Call at
710 Folsom st. ; no poslals answered.
YOUNG, strong German woman not afraid of
work wants washing, Iruning, cleaning; |i
and car fare. Address ML, 1133 Folsom st.
OMPETENT woman wishes situation as cook
or second girl: references furnished. Call 310
Fell st.
WOMAN wishes ladles' or family washing to
take home. Add. MRS. STACK, 418 Austin.
WOMAN wishes work at washing, Ironing or
house-cleaning. Address box 97, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG colored girl desires a situation as nurse
for one child or light second work. $12. 141»
Jackson st. _____
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation to do
cooking and light washing. 1024& Geary st.
GERMxv-. girl wishes a place as second girl;
$20. IS4 Precita ave.,bet. Mission and Howard.
GERMAN girl wishes situation as housekeeper;
good cook; city or country. Call 347 Minna st.
! LADY wishes situation to do general house-
work. Apply 353% Minna st.. bet. 4th and sth.
RELIABLE woman wants day work; will work
I cheap. 405 Turk St.
MRS. ARCHBARD, midwife; home in confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
■ REFINED middle-ag'd German working house-
keeper wants situation; city or country. 259
Stevenson St., bet. Third and Fourth.
GERMAN woman wishes washing and clean-
ing; $1 per day and carfare. Address 387
Hayes st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper;
good cook; city or country. MRS. STURM.
147 Powell st.
COMPETENT woman will take care of a resi-
dence while the folks are absent. 9324 Mission.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beEt help. 414M> O'Farrell st- : tel. East 420.
YOUNG man desires position; that of driver
and collector, or outside work for real estate
firm preferred; willing to do any thing; rer-
I erences. A. V., box 07, Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED man with good reference,
would take charge of horse, chickens and gar-
den; wages small; honest and reliable. P. C,
box S3l, Call.
EXPERIENCED engineer and machinist who
understands all kinds of repairing wishes em-
ployment; steamboat or launch preferred.
Box 504, Call office.
GERMAN, age 28, wishes position in private
family; speaks English and Scandinavian;
kind to horses; handy with tools. Box 7489,
Call,
k' ANTED— A position by a young man; Is I.
O. O. F. ; strong and willing to work; give
me a call. Address E. C. H.. box 05. Call.
BARBER wants location; country town or
camp; will tend bar, or combined. Please
address PALMER, 563 Bryant st.
SITUATION wanted as barkeeper or porter In
liquor store; rectifier and compounder. Ad-
dress box 150, Call Office.
BOY of 15 wants a place to learn a trade.
Box 1055. Call Office.
SITUATION wanted by a young Swede; first-
class coachman and gardener; good refer-
ences. Address A. 1., box 8, Call Office, Oak-
land.
COACHMAN who understands his business, so-
ber and reliable, wants position on private
place in country or country town; references;
wages $30. Address G. W., box 277. Call Office.
YOUNG man wishes to get work of any kind.
X., box 500. Call Office.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a situation in the
city; small salary. A. 8., 1003 Mason st.
WINTHKSTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50' to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANTED— A position in a wholesale liquor
house by an experienced rectifier and blender;
the best of references given. M., box 4, Call.
SITUATION wantfd in furniture or grocery
business by an experienced young man. G.,
box 10. Call office.
JAPANESE tailor would like to get employ-
ment in reliable tailoring house; 15 years' ex-
perience; wages on application. Address T.
T., 725 Geary st.
RELIABLE man with best of recommendations
would like position in retail or wholesale
h -use, wlieie there Is a Ciio&oe for advance-
ment; speaks German and English. Box BSS,
Call, or S. F. Turn Hall. J. BULLINGER.
BOOKKEEPER— First-class double entry and
correspondent; Al city references. Box 90,
Call office.
HELP WA\TED-FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary~sT
WANTED
2 waitresses, same hotel, San Jose, $25 and
$20; waitress, rts'-rt. $25; waitress. Stockton,
$20; waitress. Visalia, ?20, see party here,
fare paid; waitress, springs, $20; 10 wait-
resses, different city and country hotels. $20:
3 chambermaids t<> wait. $20, country; - hotel
cooks, $25 and $30; 6 fancy ironers, city and
country. $30 and found; resort cook, $30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK and houseßirl, 2 in- family. $25; 25 girls,
general housework, city and country, $25, $20,
fl'p; young girls to assist. $10 and $12. C. R.
HANSEN A- CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMAN for plain washing and Ironing, ln-
situation, $20. C. R. HANSEN - CO., 104
Geary st.
WOMAN with a child, $10, Jackson; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COOK, Santa Cruz, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $10. easy place, Oakland. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, $20. country;
see party here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
GIRL for Laurel as chambermaid and wait-
ress. $15; good place. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GIRL., plain ironing, sleep home, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SKi'OXD girl, Oakland, $2r». MISS CULLEN^
325 Sutter st.
housework girl, 2 in family, $25. mTss
CULLEN, 32.i Sutter st.
COOK. $30; 2 in family. MIPS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GIRL, housework, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NURSE girl, $10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NKAT young girl. Sl2: second girl, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, $25 and $15;
cook, $30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, short distance, $20. see party
hero. 11 o'clock; house girl. Alameda, $20.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NURSE girl, $2.-.. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter
street.
GERMAN housekeeper, $15; second girl, $1.";
young girl to assist, $10. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, light work, $15:
house girl, $25: 3 house g!Hs nt $20 enoh: Ger-
man recond girl, Oakland, $13. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, private family, country, $30. see party
l^re. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, country hotel
$20. see party here. MURRAY & READY'
634 and P36 Clay st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, mlntne town. $2ff;
housework plrls. country. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
6 WAITRESSES and chambermaids. $20. $25 $5
an,! Jfi week; cook, small hotel. $25: 2 German
an.l Irish second girls. $20; cook, washer and
ironer. $30; and a lfirge number of girls to
fill situations in city and country J F
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED-2 German cooks, $25; French girl
housework. $20: waitress, boarding-house $15-
girls for housework and assist, $20, $15 and $io"
LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
ATTENDANT for doctor's office; soda fountain
attendant; cashier cigar stand. 313 Bush st.
HOUSEKEEPER for doctor; resident gov-
e rness for 5-year-old boy; copyist, steady do-
sltlon. 313 Bush St.; ■ ..-..---,,'
CASHIER and typewriter; office assistant-
dental assistant; bookkeeper. 313 Bush st.
HOUSEKEEPER- head laundress; salesladies-
hairdresser: chambermaids and waitresses 1
excellent positions. 313 Bush st vu ' Lresses '
"iOING girt, German preferred, for general
housework one and two | n famllv, for Oak-
land and Fruitvallc; wages $10. "Call at 424
lehama st.
GIRL betw-een 16 and IS years to assist in light
housework. Apply at 307 Octavia St.. bet wren
1 and 2; no objection to country for 2 m-mths
NEAT appearing young lady wanted to york In
candy store. Inquire between 2 and * d m
GEORGE HAAS & SON\ 810 Market st.
V\,lV \, IL ~, K ly e slnßle , or "-Hrrled woman room for
Market 2?" W dall> - • Mapl9 HH ° UBe S^
luaiKcl '. St. . . ■ .'* ; » ' ■ - , ; , ' ,
WOMAN to talte care of baby, $2 per week and
found. 62 Boyce st. : take Geary-it, car
YOUNG girl to«lo light housework- I -■ 1325 Gu -
; rero st. -..number on gate. . ".•""""■
*3Efftf2 iu^i? 11 118 " j housework;
GIRL to assist with light hous^^oric and chJT-
dren. Call at 725 Golden Gate aye.
K SS3 fc - jr ffW£%r t0 ~ 16 - f rirEht h ---
W , AN 7 E^'~ TnunB: f lrl to asslsT in light house-
work; (German); $7. 408H Larkln st
GlR i^ r t0 ' a?9lst w 'th "- housework ; and care of
children.; 1027 McAllister St .' > - " •
HELP WANTED— Continued. , -
STRONG ' country girl: take care baby, make
herself 'useful; good home; $10. Address box
997, Call office.
GIRL for general housework for small family.
901 Point Lo bos aye., cor. Johnston. .
GIRL for light housework. 2462 Market _t*
after 10 a. m. •. ; ■
TAILORESS wanted. Apply 347 Third st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking
In small family; reference. 730 McAllister St.
APPRENTICE wanted for hair work at O.
LEDERER'S. 111 Stockton st. ' ' '
GIRL to assist In ..light housework. 1313
Buchanan st.v between Eddy and Ellis.
APPRENTICE to learn tailoring, paid while
* learning. Box 5224, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman , for housework Im-
mediately. Inquire 311 Third St.. Oakland.
WANTED German or Swedish girl or woman.
•for general housework; plain cooking; In.
small family; very -easy place; good .-home:
family at present in the country. Apply at
107 Larkin st. ■ ■ ■■'■
GIRL 14 to 16, to assist with light housework;
small wages.__2So2 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Typewriter; young lady beginner
who owns Remington machine: good chance
for office practice. Address R. S.. box- 193.
Call office. ■ '
JoTp'oT
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
«t. ; perfect fit: no trying on:.triat free..
WANTED-Glrls and ladies to ■ learn '"R°°» "«
magic scale dress cutting system <™JJ 1 d«*i n
10 days: open evenings: good pay. .-!"' fa>ior.
HELP AVA.\TED-MALC.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' S, 104 Geary St..
............. COAST RAILROAD...... 1 -.-.
Free fare to go this morning. Call
at our office at 7 o'clock with blanKets, ready
to go. Free fare for 19 more teamsters ana
11 laborers: regular wages.. .....free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR the Valley Road, 100 teamsters and 10
scraper loaders; we ship daily. €. R. HAA-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. . V
..AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary St..
To go to-day t0 the mines
....10 more laborers; no experience needed....
to work in and around a mine at wages ot
from $1 60 to $2 50 a day : no experience neces-
sary; steady work; board $15 a month.
WE SHIP THIS AFTERNOON
at special reduced- rail rates: investigate this.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
EVEN tunnelmen: $2 to $2 50 a day; long job.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TEN farmers, .same ranch, south, $20; 4 farm-
ers, orchaid, $20; 3 farmers, fare 23c; ranch
carpenter, $25 and found; blacksmith helper,
ranch, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
COOK for a railroad outfit. $50. regular cook
house; second cook for a camp, $35. fare 50c.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD logger. $60 and board; screw turner. $4."
' and board; spool tender, $35 and board; bark-
ers and buckers, $35 and board. C. P.. IIA>:-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BROILER, $60; night cook, $55; ' cook, small
summer resort, $40; 5 cooks, hotels and res-
taurants, $40 and $10 and $12 a week; dish-
washers and vegetable men, $25 and $30; camp
cook, $50: assistant cook, $9 a week; second
cook, saloon, $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
NINE waiters for a country hotel, $35 and fare
paid; 7 waiters, country hotels, $25; 14 wait.
era, city, $7 a week and $40 a month; 5
colored waiters, summer resort. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TIME-KEEPER, who has had experience' ln a
railroad camp. $40 and found, see party here:
and 10 laborers and 10 teamsters, all for th»
coast road, free fare. C. R. HANSEX &CO
104 Geary st.
HOSTLER; $45. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101
Geary st.
M E ship to Alaska by steamer again next
Sunday, July 10, 3uO laborers and rovkmen at
wages of $3 to %?. 30 a day, at a special re-
duced rate of fare direct to Skagruay Call
and see us. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10* Geary
A— TO-DAY... MURRAY & READY... TO-DAY
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want To-day* >. ..;..
. •• 3U79 men , ;... ; .
free fare -\ .Free fare
158 1 railroad teamsters and laborers wages
•• "•■••: UT; day
•■ For four great • railroads
To Arizona — men wanted..
26 teamsters in San Francisco ■.. II 75 ' day
29 laborers in San Francisco it 75 day
43 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
■•■•• •.. ....... .$26, $25 and $20 and found
10. haymakers j ...$26 and found
10 fruit pickers and dig small trenches.
•••• " ; "-ii; -••-••*•-••••• ••-••■s2o and : jCciun<i
•; •• Wages |2 50 day /0r...
25 gold {Travel miner;*. .'...;;::;: j2 50 day
135 laborers around mines from"i 2 50 day
••; "No experience required.. .'.....
126 woodchoppers. $ 1 50 and $1 cord
134 tiemakers ,s c to lie each
10 brickyard laborers $1 75 to S2 day
6 milkers and 3 butter-makers.: ..
•: •■•■••: &°.'. $25 and "found
10 sawmill laborers $26 and found
$30 per month and found; $30. ..
10 laborers to cut brush and clear land for
ban Francisco merchants $30 and found
37 farm hands for ranches, etc.. .
;••"■•:■•••••• '.*2G, $25 and »0 and" found
3 stablemen, country ...7. 525 and found
Engineer for Oregon.. ... .... *2 50 day
3 hay balers for different places '
3 ranch boys ...'...... '56 "and '$10
Farmer and. wife...- Santa Cruz County
Choreman around hotel, $15 and found
2 - roustabouts for farm ., " "i-«,j
•; To the gold fields in California"""
Zo common miners . . • *•> en riVv
••• 5! 25 and $150 day and ; found" ..
6 men to work in harvest lields, barley, etc
•• -••• ••- ...$1 25' to $1 50 day
•• F or a California commercial bank.
20 men to pick fruits, dig small trenches etc
•-• •_; .$2O and found
•• Fare 9dc
10 scraper teamsters, city j0b.. ..526 and found
•••••••• MIKRAY' & READY.
...........C3i-636 Clay st.
A LAUNDRY HELP WANTED
4 Ironers, Troy and Tyler machines, free faril
3 markers and distributers, fare pni.i
MURRAY & READY.
-jj^ 634 and 636 Clay at.
A. ..RESTAURANT AND HOTEL HFLP
19 cooks lor different places, $65, fc,o, $>0, $35
16 waiters for different places, $30, $35 $25
and $20 and found.
19 dishwashers for different places, $25 %">a
and $15 and found.
Waiter and tend bar, small place near cltv
$20 and found. y>
MURRAY & READY,
•••♦ 634 and- 636 Clay st.
A— TYPEWRITER, stenographer and book-
keeper, combination man; country linn; $so
and increase; see boss at our office. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MAN to take charge of a spool donkey for
sawmill company $40 and found
Gang edger man for sawmill company
$40 and found
2 spool tenders for sawmill eom'pany...s2 day
MURRAY & READY. "
634 and 636 Clay «t."
A BAKERY HELP
2 boys or young men to work la 'bakery, $20
and $15 and found. MURRAY' & READY,
634 and 636 Clay it
WANTED— 2 broilers for restaurant and lunclt
house, $50 month and $9 week; night broiler,
$50; night cook. $7: cook, small restaurant,
$40; 4 waiters, country hotels, $25; waiter,
chop and oyster house, $35; 2 elevator boys
for h >tels, $10: colored elevator boy,
$10 and found; 25 men for kitchen work at
all sorts of wages. Apply to J. F. CUOSETT
& CO., 62$ Sacramento st.
WANTED -Farmer, $125 and found; young
stableman for private family, $25; youn?
American to care for invalid, $15; 2" car-
penters for mines, $2 ',0 a day; teamsters, $1
a day and board ; laborers, $1 75 a day ; saddle
makprs; farmer and wife for resort $40 Ap-"
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WASTED— Cook for lunch house in country,
$55 and room, fare advanced; broiler for city
$50; second cook, city. $50: restaurant cook.
SlO per week; waiter and tend bar. small hotel
near city. $20 and found, and others. W D
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st
ffAWBD-i Typewriter and stenographer for
nrst-class office in San Francisc-o, $T>o per
month, references required. Apply In person
only to W. P. EWER & CO.. 626' Clay st.
WANTED— Sack-sewer for thrasher, $2 50 per
clay and board: men to peel tan bark. $30
and board; coachman, references, near city
$30: 5 laborers for brickyard, fare paid, no
experience required. $2:, to $30 and board-
farmers, milkers and others. W. D. EWEIi
& CO., 620 Clay st.
WANTED— Cook. $60; 2 second cooks. {48 and
$20; third cook. $55; dishwashers, $20 and $30;
waiter, oyster houst*. $35; waiter, country. $20;
washer, laundry. $30: ironer, country, $JS to
$30: shirt ironer. city, $35; 2 gardeners, $3j
and $25; butler, $35; etc. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st.
CLERK for insurance office; assistant book-
keeper; shop timekeeper; collector; to-day
313 Bush st.
HOTEL manager: clubhouse steward- hotel
clerk; checkroom clerk; to-day. 313 Bush st.
PRACTICAL young man as cashier and man-
ager, $100 per month. 313 Bush st.
A SECOND butlor, $30, good place. r MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK. $50; cook. $40; waiter, $23; kitchen por-
ter. $15. HOTEL GAZETTE. HO Kearny et
BELLBOYS wanted— All interested in forming
a Bellboys Association are requested to
meet at No. 5 Stockton st., room 5, on Thurs-
day evening at 9 o'clock.HELP WANTED—
WANTED— Man for private place to care for
horse, chickens, garden and some indoor work.
Business, box 5255. Call Office.
10 YOUN.O men for nice cruise; good wages;
no experience required. HERMAN'S, 26
Steuart st.
WANTED— A barber, corner Octavia and
Union sts. No drunks, gamblers or cigarette
fiends need apply; wages.
COMPETENT solicitor on wagon for dyeing
and renovating. Emporium Renovatory. 109
Eddy Ft
GOOD errand boy; references. 2009 Fillmore st.
WANTED- Agent and good solicitor for a soap
• factory. Apply 1413 Harrison st., after 10 a, m.
WANTED— Porter for the ladles' Shaving
Parlor. 1493 Market St., below Eighth.
BOY to do janitor work for tuition at San
Francisco Barber College, 135% Eighth st.
PANTS presser. Call to-day nt ROYAL PANTS
CO., 223 Kearny St. " :■■■:■■[
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 135% Eighth st.
WANTED- Btrong boj at 701 Willow
aye., near Buchanan and Eddy sts.
WANTED— Photographer, operator and good
retoucher. Address P. O. box 20S. Petaluma.
WAITER wanted. 207 Second st.
DISHWASHER wanted at Oakland Cafe. 803
East St.. near Market.
WANTED— barber; steady place. 529
Fourth st. '
GOOD steady barber wanted. 47? Ninth St.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop wanted; $7. 141
Ellis st.
KITCHEN man to act as second cook. Mer-
chants' Restaurant, 2S First st.
WANT .::' A good boy to learn plumbing. 24
Turk st.
BARBER for Wednesday evening, Saturday
and Sunday. 30C Fifth st.
WANTED— Operator and female finisher on
custom coals. 927 Market st, room 402.
— Goodyear machine operator. Apply
CAHN. NICKELSBURG & CO.. 117 Hayes st.
WAITER wanted. 29 Stockton st. Apply bet.
10 and 11 a. m.
WANTED- Second hand on bread. Apply bak-
ery, 142 Eleventh st.
FIRST-CLASS advertising solicitor wanted for
contract job. ELLIS, 707 Brannan st.
TRAVELING salesman; gloves as side line on
commission. Empire Glove Works, 210 Third.
LADY and gentlemen solicitors to sell neces-
sary household article. Box 7645, Call office.
BOY wanted to learn electrical trade: must
live with parents. Address M. S., box SO,
Call office.
SOLDIERS and their friends wanted to eat
best 10c meal In Oakland. 853 Franklin st.
BAILORS and ordinary wanted at LANES,
604 Davis st., near Jackson.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 60; men's
soling, S6c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
TRY Acme House. 967 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED- collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE." 44 Third St., near
Market; 100 rooms, 2. r .c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
BUY war novelties here; newes*. goods, bottom
prices: enameled flag pins, 20c dozen; double
silk flag bow», 24c dozen; Dewey flag and
cartridge pills, 32c dozen: 3S-caliber pills, 41c
dozen; large flag, hinged front, with words:
"To H— II With Spain. Remember the Maine,"
40c dozen; bullet pins. 12c dozen; miniature
photos of war heroes In metal frames, 30c a
dozen; I have 500 different kinds of badges,
flags, medallions, pictures, etc, all at whole-
sale prices, large or small lots, assorted as
■ desired, 100 to 500 per cent profit: sample line,
II: I ship every order same day received; try
me or send name and a<ldre*s for big cata-
logue, free! illustrating 200 beet seller?; get
ready for July 4 and a big boom. L. N.
CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver St., Boston. Mass.
SURE and quick seller: we want live agents;
new; money. Room 140$, Claus Spreckels bdg.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HOUSES WANTED.
FURNISHED house wanted In San Francisco
for two months in exchange for furnished
house in Sausallto. Address box F.H. 01, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
8 SHETLAND pony colts .lust weaned: must be
cheap and small. G. H. CROLEY. 417 Sacra-
mento st. , ■ .
WANTED — A second-hand typewriter. Ad-
dress box 5650, Call office.
GOOD double action harp very cheap. Box
774. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A3 we are selling good upright pianos for $5
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve thin method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same eas>
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
ft per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell at. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
A SNAP for spot cash can be had If you call
this morning; a party gone East must have
cash for fine, almost new upright. .T. DEW-
ING CO.. second floor, Flood building.
AS vacation Is here, freight being low, 5 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. CURTAZ &
BON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., Chlckerlng agents.
BOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE 7.ENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. -^-a---v<
WE Invite critical examination; new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary ot.,
cor. Grant aye., Conover agents.
PARTY going to England will sell new upright
piano cheap. 584A.-Natoma Ft.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister at.
SPECIAL sale of pianos: wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; 'uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
Bt.. next Hlbemla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR' violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, renalrer. 2 Latham plac».
CARPET. CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
33 and 40 Eighth st. telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 453
Btevenson St.; tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at ft per yard; relald at 3c
6TRATTON, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
et. ; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases. Insolvency, collections, ]
tree advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin. !
L S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket : consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE fr»e on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister st,. room 64.
•* > STORAGE.
PIERcEoRUDOLPIT s"toragr^nd" Movlng~Co7?
of flee, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
, . BUSINESS CHANCES.
■ $800— DAY saloon; near large business houses;
doing good business; fine fixtures; best bar-
gain in the city. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$1100 DAY saloon and lunchhouse; best busi-
ness part; part cash; easy payments; must be
i sold; owner retiring. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
' $500— SALOON, with 6 living rooms. Including
furniture; large stock; fine fixtures; buy noth-
ing until you see this; central location. M.
LESS, 765 Market St.
CIGAR store and laundry; prominent cor-
ner; has good stock and doing good business;
I pee it at once. M. LESS, 765 Market St., op-
posite Phelan building.
$225— RESTAURANT; excellent location; do-
ing a good business; rent only $20; good bar-
gain; see it to-day. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
I $250— HOUSE of 7 rooms on Market st. ; newly
furnished; full of steady roomers; worth $600;
must 1 •■ sold at once; parties going East.
M. LESS, 766 Market st.
$400— SALOON; best location in the city; re-
ceipts $1S to $25 a day; must be sold at once;
owner going East. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$175— PARTNER wanted in paying restaurant,
north of Market; an excellent offer made by
cook of said restaurant; cannot depend on
hired help; look this up. M. LESS, 765 Mar-
ket St.
$300— SALOON near Kearny St.; established 15
years: doing a good profitable business: more
than value in stock. M. LESS, 765 Market St.,
opposite Phelan building. .;'.-:'.'
$300— RESTAURANT and lunch house In vi-
cinity of Claus Spreckels building; old es-
tablished place doing a good business; sick-
ness cause of sale. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
A— sl2oo; HOTEL and bar; near boat landing
and depot; 35 furnished rooms; 40 steady
boarders; large transient trade. KREDO &
CO.. 22% Geary st.
j A— $?00; CORNER grocery and bar; $600 cash.
balance time; all fresh stock; fine business;
mostly bar trade. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
$1000— GROCERY, Oakland; exchange for
ranch; also $2000, grocery and bar: exchange
for Oakland or Alameda home. KREDO &
CO., 22% Geary st.
FAMILY liquor store with bar and side
entrance; value in stock. KREDO & CO.
A— s3oo: RESTAURANT, $30 dally; 20 steady
boarders- other good restaurants from $200
to $3000. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
; A— MEAT market; $50 daily; oldest in city;
make offer. KREDO & CO, 22 1 Geary st.
A— s2oo; branch bakery, notions and school sup-
plles; near school. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
A—$1000;A — $1000; WOOD, coal, hay, grain and boarding
stable. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
i $175— SALOON established years, with club
rooms; average daily receipts. $S; rent $20;
; owner must sell at once because he took po-
sition as commercial traveler. Call WILKE.
545 Market st.
A—$l0")A — $l0")0 — SALOON In the very best location.
Western Addition, doing a first-class paying
business; owner engaged in other business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE.
MS Market st.
A— S4SO— PARTNER wanted in old established
and first-class saloon on Third St.. close to
Claus Spreckels building: a first-class open-
Ing. See WILKE. S4i Market st.
, A— s4oo; partner in first-class paying busi-
ness, on Kearny st. nr. Market, clearing easi-
ly $260 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars. WILKE, 845 Market.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; double
store: 4 living rooms; horse and wagon; rent
' $50; first-class business; only cash trade; sick-
ness in family compels owner to leave the
ctiy; a very rare business opening. WILKE,
m; Market st.
LOOK AT THIS.
A good paying livery stable with large barn.
8 hprses. harness, carriages, buggies, all in
good condition, cow, hogs and chickens; s-
room cottage all nicely furnished; there Is
also a mall contract to run 4 years, which
is worth more than the price asked; inves-
tigation solicited.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY, 403 Examiner
Building.
$200— PARTNER wanted in a paying legitimate
business: will pay to each over $5 daily. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$650— FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale In Oak-
land: owner has had the place 8 years; loca-
tion is the best in the city; on principal
street; no opposition; clearing $200 per month;
this Is a rare chance; proprietor Is going to
Europe. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
i GROCERY and bar, with wine-making
I outfit; first-class location: rood stock; rent
$25; a bargain. City Agency, 850 Market st.
j $1200— GROCERY and bar; North Beach; long-
established; 4 living rooms; guaranteed busi-
ness; rent $45. City Agency, iJO Market st.
: $200— PARTNER wanted; corner cigar store;
receipts $16 to $20 per day; clearing $75 per
month to each; trial allowed; must have
' help. HEALY, 917 Market St.
: $300 — PARTNER wanted; light business: Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary St.. . room 2.
HORSERADISH and pickle stand, sit-
uated In best market In city. BASILE, 873%
Market St.
$700 — 2 MILK routes doing paying cash busi-
ness, together with depot selling produce,
cans, horses, wagons, harness, etc.; $25 cash
taken in daily: no books kept; owner leav-
ing town. J., box 10, Call office, Oakland.
SACRIFICE; grocery, bakery, stationery; good
business; good neighborhood; 4 rooms; very
low rent; excellent chance for either man or
woman; no reasonable offer refused. Address
A., box 25. Call office.
BARBER shop, 2 hairs. 2 living rooms at-
tached, can be b( ught with household furni-
ture; old stand. Western Addition; at a bar-
gain. Apply to STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
FOR SALE — Saloon; stock and fixtures; one of
the best locations in the city; doing a good
business; no reasonable offer refused; good
reason for selling. 434 Pine St.. near Kearny.
, FOR SALE— A well stocked grocery and bar;
old established business; run by owner 6
years; rent cheap. Apply Call Office.
FOR SALE — Saloon downtown; Market st.
bargain. Address W. H., box 105, Call Office.
BARBER shop, three chairs, steady, for sale.
Particulars, H. H.. box 5, Call Office.
FOR Restaurant and chop house; oppo-
site the ferries. Call at IS East st.
$250— SALOON: day business. 506 Clay st.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; retiring from busi-
ness. 2800 Twenty-first St., corner Florida.
NOTION and candy store; a chance; call early
and see. 1112 Stelner.
ONE-HALF Interest In a good hand laundry;
has a good trade; parties going to the coun-
try: will Bell at a bargain If taken soon; no
agents. Address A, box 500. Call office.
FOR sale— Barber shop; 1 chair; 1707 Market
st., near Twelfth; living rooms; cheap rent.
$100— CORNER saloon: 4 living rooms; rent
$20; big bargain. 331 Sixth st.
FOR Bale— l old-established groceries and bars;
price $1250. Box 201, Call Office.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop In center of town Bt. Helena;
t German preferred: rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
BUTCHER SHOP for sale cheap; doing very
good business; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing; Investigate. S., box 454. Call office.
SALOON and 3 living rooms; rent $18; same
hands 14 years; opposite new postofnce site.
50 Seventh st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best In Central Cali-
fornia, for sale; chance of lifetime to up-to-
date worker. Address BENT, 40 California st.
BAKERY, selling 5 buckets bread over coun-
ter: good cake trade; rent $30. 3025 Sacra-
mento 6t. '■ •■■: :-,<■■
FOR SALE— Cheap; bar and grocery; $250. G.,
box 2", Call office.
GOOD shoemaker shop for sale. Inquire .305
Third st.
LONG established corner saloon; must be sold;
cheap if at once. Box 1256, Call office.
FOR sale— Call route at Ran Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes ' supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
■ uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use, taught by Mrs. Klncald at her
school of elocution and expression. Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND. MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy, 1247
Franklin Ft.; co-educational boarding and day
school; ' complete English, French. German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
, thorough, room E72, Parrott building. <
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write forclrcular.
ENGINEERING, SchooI civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survay. assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 833 Market.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, - elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month ;■. references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
PERSONALS.
ROBERT" RILET JONES (enlisted), son of
Colonel Sidney B. Jones of Chicago, call im-
mediately on Captain John B. Jeffery, Quar-
termaster First Brigade, Camp Merrltt, and
learn of something to your advantage.
STEADY working man of 35 desires a room-
mute; must be c*ver 30 and quiet disposition.
F. F.. box 78, Call Office.
GREVEN'S latest war song, "Remember, Boys,
the Maine." is a big hit nil over the coun-
try; for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms. 121 and 122 Mur-
phy building. 1236 Market st.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
I AM prepared to wait on all who come to my
j new hnirdressing parlors; hairdrcssing, 25c
only; good switches, $1; best, finest quality,
$3 50: open Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LED-
BRER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic prevents the hair turn-
lng gray. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON ri new method of electric mas-
baths and herb core. 579 Geary st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth Bt.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market !»t.. bet. 7th nnd >th.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles 1 FrenchT^Taliorlng
College. W Market Bt.
CL VI II V O V A UTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK the dtFtlngu7shl»d~trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
mlnernls; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to op. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market st., opposite Sixth.
PROFESSOR OMAR
The Occult Wonder
32.1— Eddy Ft.— 325.
Always See the Best.
Gives Invaluable advice on nil affairs of life,
love, business, marriage, divorce, etc., unites
separated, causes speedy marriages, removes
domestic trouble, etc. ; full names, dates,
facts, in nil cases; fee, $1 and $2; satisfaction
guaranteed or no fee accepted.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
I card reader; born with double veil and second
fight; diagnosis disease, full life reading: la. I
SOc, gentssl; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locates buried
treasures; letters answered; inclose stamp.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; SSc. Ms Sixth St., room 10.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; p;t.*t.
present and future; 26c. MS Sixth st., room 10.
MRS. a BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
er, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up; by mail $1. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
i MIGS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and j
palmist. 215 Kearny St.. room 1.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladies 914 O'Farrell st.
j MRP. DR. ANNA THOMAB, first in her pro-
fession: never fails: advice; help. 929 Post st.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SPIRITUALISM.
JOHN SLATER, Mme. Young. MrTrLlilieTotir
ere, to-nieht. for the new Philosophical
Journal, KG Larkin: elevator; admission Inc.
LARKIN. n; s p. m., lecture, Mr. Simpson;
tt-«ts. Mrs. Heussmann.
MRB FULTON TXTLET. materializing seance
to-night and Friday 50c. 1513 Geary st.
! MME. YOUNG'S developing circle next Mon-
I day evening. 605 McAllister st.
I MRS. BUTLER, clairvoyant and spiritual me- ;
dlum; Hindoo control: 10 to 5. 579 Geary st. |
M. FRANCES, independent elate writing me-
dium. 11s Halght st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sitting dally. 212\$ Sixth St.
MHS ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.; read-
ings. $1: clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2p. m. : Sat. 8: 25c. j
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. ?32 Ptnrkton St.
PA L MiSTItY.
MRS. CHANDLER- Free lecture Sunday, 3 p.
BL. 3<T. I.nrkln; readings at res.. 353 Geary st.
LODGING HOIShS FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO. 22V4 Geary~st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
11" rms; best $4650, 13 rms; clears $50. ..5850 '
SO rms; corner 12M):12rms; best 600
68 rms; Sixth St.. 1860 12 rms; transient 950
4Krms; Geary.... 2000 11 rms; good 400
30 rms; Kearny.. 260.) 10 rms; O'Farrell... 550 j
25 rms: Post 15501 9 rms; Leavenw'th. 178
22 rms; transient. 900 9 rms; Taylor 350 |
20 rms; very best 1600 9 rms; Jones 450 j
20 rms; cor. Kear- 8 rms; Jones 225
ny 1000J 7 rms; Geary US
17 rms; Powell... 700 i And many others.
14 rms; Eddy 850'
Many of the above part cash, balance time.
, 50 ROOMS and 58 rooms, exchange for city or
Oakland property. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary.
26-ROOM corner house; best in the city; worth i
$1800; price $900. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
60-ROOM Gorman hotel $1100
50-room corner house: clears $300 1400
M-r"om?; rent $50; central 650
10 rms.; boarding 1510 10 rms.; fine cor... 3<X)
1". rms.; corner... 900 15 rms.; on 4th St.. 250
22-room house S5O
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
12 U'HiMS. J."; 30 rooms, $2500; 50 rooms, t«00;
35 rooms, $ICOO. C. H. TAYLOR & CO., 1023
Market st.
NICE corner house of 32 rooms, all rented;
reasonable. 704 Howard, cor. Third st.
$800— LODGING house, 23 rooms; 1 block from
Market: rent $58; cash or trade. City Agency,
850 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale very cheap, at 25
Ninth Ft.
FIRNITLRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 6-room flat for sale; rent $13
1341 Eddy st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings reduced to $96;
cost 3190. UNCLE HARRIS^ IS Grant aye.
$125— CHICKERING piano; good condition; $10
down, $4 a month. 225 Sutter St.
FOR Sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, 1802 Seventh st., Oakland.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches
10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c-
14x17, 25c; 16x20, S0o: 18x22, 35c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
2S. 60c: curtain poles complete, 16c; rm. mold-
lng.all colors, lc ft;open eve. Jones, s47 Mission.
TIT' "KOUGHBRED Holsteln cow tor sale
cheap at 917 Elizabeth st.
SCALE, cafe. coffee mill, desk, letter press;
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
BOILER, engines, tools. metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 614-r,16-518 Mission st.
EXCHANGE— Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Mark,et st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, ynoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
MlEslon st., above Sixth.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi, 933-94 C Mrkt.
t BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
st., pawn office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 757.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and Bold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 20f> Fourth st.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly-
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomry.
NEW Hammond. $35; Cali«TaDh. $25. SCOTT,
833 Montgomery st. (
HOUSES TO LET.
1 NEW house, 12 rooms; Mission warm belt. Bee
ISAACS, 240 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprisa
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A MOST desirable house of 14 rooms and
baths; very finely furnished; every room
sunny: centrally located $100 00
A good house of 9 rooms and bath; well
furnished; centrally located in good
neighborhood 55 00
A 6-room furnished flat and bath; sunny
and central 42 50
A 6-room flat and bath; furnished;
piano; central 40 00
A 7-room Hat and bath; nicely fur-
nished; near In 60 00
A (food unfurnished house of 12 rooms
and bath; central; good lease to right
party 50 00
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
403-404 Examiner building.
TAYLOR. 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house. 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. in.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON ST., 333— 3-room cottage; yard
and chicken-house; $5 mo. San Mateo cars
to Thirty-fourth Ft.
FLATS TO LET.
FINE flat 7 rooms and bath; 521 McAllister
St.. bet. Van Ness aye. and Franklin. Apply
623 Golden Gate aye.
PIERCE. 3032. near Greenwich— New upper flat
of 5 large rooms and bath ; basement : yard: $18.
GE\RY 1917 — 1 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall: gas; $18; water free.
LANGTON, 33— 515; sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath.
lIS Perry st. ; $10; flat, 5 rooms.
Ufftt Perry St.: $10; flat, 4 rooms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO., GXi Market.
PAGE. 127. between Octavia and Gough— Flat
of 6 sunny rooms; $14 50.
TURK, 5208 and D — Two sunny flats, 4 rooms
and !>ath; large basement, yard; rent $12 and
$13; no children.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gamery st.
$16 50 with water free and ashman; elegant
corner flat 5 front rooms; closet; gas fixtures,
yard, etc. Corner Oak Grove aye. and Harri-
son St.. between Fifth and Sixth.
$12— (UPPER) 4 sunny rooms, 135 Ivy aye. ;
(lower) $10.
$15 PER month; flat 6 rooms. 724 Harrison St.,
bet. Third ami Fourth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT~~6T~Second— Nice single, double and light
houEekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to oOc.
BAKTI.KTT. 41M, bet. 1 wenty-fifth and Twen-
ty-sixth— Sum.y kitchen and bedroom, nicely
furnished; rent reasonable.
BRADY, 44. off Market— Two or 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap to small family.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
s; $7 nnd $a.
BUSH mall housekeeping rooms fur-
nished.
BUCHANAN, 602. corner Fell— Bay-windows;
kitchens; others; single, en suite; $6 to $9.
DOLORES, 1100— Sunny unfurnished rooms;
rent %2 and $2 50.
FIFTH, 85J— Clean, sunny furnished housekeep-
ing double parlors, kitchen and bath, $20; also
single, $5.
FILLMORE, 1920— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
separate kitchen.
FOLSOM, 870— Sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
GEARY, ISl24— Thre« larp.? sunny rooms, fur-
nished f jr housekeeping; modern; no children
OK' iVE, 21->2.2 l- >2. cor. Vnn Ness— 2 and 8 room
suites, with gas range.
HOWARD, 704, cor Third— Nice large sunny
I furnished rooms, first floor; also housekeeping
HOWARD, 732— Large sunny front basement
room, furnished for housekeeping; rent $s.
HOWARD, 7C2- Room with stove for house-
keeping; also single. 75c per week.
JESSIB, 343— Two rooms neatly furnished for
•keeping.
LEWIS, B^4. opposite Taylor, near Post— Upper
fiat of 5 ro.JitiK and bath.
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; large yard.
MISSION. 945— Front room with folding-bed
and kitchen: housekeeping.
MISSION, 1215H— Well furnished single and
double sunny rooms; terms very reasonable.
NATOMA, 64."j — 2 or 3 furnished rooms complete
f'.r housekeeping: rent reasonable.
NINTH, BS. near Market— 3 unfurnished house*
li>-.-pln«j rooms, kitchen, $S per month.
NINTH, 111—2 or t sunny front; bath and
stove; all conveniences; rent reasonable.
POLK, 622— Three furnished sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; cheap to right party.
) POLK. 607— Nice large bay-window front room,
; kitchen; complete for housekeeping; $10 mo.
Pii ll'l.'.'.Y. r:< 4 h"iiM.-!;f '-ping rooms; $6*
water and scavenger free; no children; no
dors; no ca'H.
TURK, 548— Sunny bedroom and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $13.
TWENTIETH. 362 C, near Valencia— Two front
I sunny connecting furnished rooms and bath.
VAN NESS. 518—2 sunny front rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $15.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
tunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect ; terrnß reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms: pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonaole.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, S2&V4 and Mason
407— Choice, sunny; reasonable: investigate.
AT The Randolph, 601 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites,,, $1 50 to $4 week.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post. 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
BUSH. 67." — Large room, two beds, $7.
BUSH, 675 — Large front suite and kitchen with
bath. $20; small suite; $8,
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY. 118— Pleasant, clean sunny rooms, $5
up; also housekeeping rooms; quiet home,
EDDY, 526— Nicely furnished small room for
gent; also larger room for light housekeeping;
private family.
EDDY, 603 — Unfurnished sunny room; laundry;
yard; no children.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $S week.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 566— Elegant sunny suite parlors;
suitabls 2 or 4; piano; other rooms; light
housekeeping.
GEARY, 622— Handsome sunny front room;
every convenience; also nice single rooms.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Sunny, handsomely
furnished front room; running water; flre
grate; private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
Blngle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 935V4 (New Philadelphia)— All new;
sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HOWARD, 1755— Tw0 furnished rooms suitable
fur lmu^ekeeplng.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; flrst-clasH every respect; terms reasnble.
JESSIE, 373, near Emporium— Furnished front
room, $5.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
JONES. 301— Sunny front rooms, handsomely
furnished: hot and cold water; baths.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
McALLISTER, :20^— Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
Hall.
McALLISTER, 611— Nice front suite; also front
pingle room; bath; gaa; private family.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week.
MISSION. 1518— Sunny furnished front room;
board If desired; private family.
OAK. 119—1 nicely furnished front room, short
walk from City Hall;_ood neighborhood.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL, 416— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
PERRY, 174 — Two nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; hot and cold water; rent reason-
able.
POLK, 622— Front sunny connecting unfur-
nished suite; also single room; nice and quiet.
POST, 622 — Sunny suite or single rooms; first
class in every respect. MRS. M. BCHtTXiZ.
POWELL, 2C7— Changed hands; nicely furnish-
ed sunny rooms, single or en suite, $1 2.'> up.
POWELL. 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
SANCHEZ,- 25, near Thirteenth— 4 unfurnish-
ed rooms; housekeeping; bath, yard; $14;
private; no children.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House, 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nlFhed rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week:
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
TURK. 127— Nicely furnished rooms from $3
and up per month; also housekeeping rooms.
VAN NESS, 613— Three furnished, $15, or sep-
arately, $7 and $8 per month, Including bath.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
FIFTEENTH, GlT,— Lower floor: 3 clean, sunny
rooms; separate entrance; nice grounds.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, 822 — Sunny rooms with bath, gas, run-
ning water, telephone, breakfast; $15 month;
down town; everything str.-L.y first-class.
ELLIS, BIS— 2 sunny alcove rooms, with board.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 299. Salisbury— Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board: beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
ROOM and board for gentleman in private
family. 354^ Lexington aye.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sur.ny front room, $4 week.
BUTTER, U2S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
first-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS AYE., 80S— 2 beautiful sunny par-
lor Fuites; nicely furnished; modern con-
veniences; board if desired.
BUSH. S22— First-class rooms and board, every-
thing the very latest; seen to be appreciated;
Special rates for gents.
CHILDREN' nOARDED.
ONE or 2 children to board in German family:
n>om for parents if desired. 439 Minna st.
FRENCH lady boards children or Infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st.
STORES TO LET.
FINELY furnished barber shop to rent; water
and gas (Welehbach burners); 1 living room;
rent only $12. E1. 1. 15. 7t>: iivann.-tn st.
STORE to let; 3400 Mission st., a Uthwest cor-
ner Thirtieth; rent 125. Apply to MRS.
HORSTMAN, 7 Thirtieth st.
OFFICES TO LET.
MARKET, 1249, bet. 6t h^aind^tlv^Ofri icesTf urn^
ished or unfurnished; Ist floor; fr»nt rooms.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
B0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and rid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 69 McAllister
St.; pills, $1, very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment: every case guaranteed: consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills. $1.
MRP. DR. WVETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price: C .nsultßtlon on all
special diseases free. WALLER UROS., 33
Grant aye.. P. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fail;
every woman her own phpsiclan; away dis-
grace: consultation free; can be sent an<j used
at home: pills and capsules, $1: cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. I'OPPER, 318 Kearny st.
DR. WINTIJRS X- Dr. Schwartz. S.'2 Castro, cor.
7th. Oakland; reliable practitioners: home in
confinement; guur'td cure for all female dis-
eases from whatever cause; diagnosis free.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement : consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to S. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
6. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 112 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, ISIS Uolden Gata
aye.. private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best rare and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price,
$1 50: RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; 52 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DR.~~HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women and children.
DENTISTS.
X FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible j
plates; light and thin; warranted 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; all -
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- j
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132. I
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144:', Market st., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L A ~TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
iET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, IS4I I'olk st.
LOST.
LOST— Small black and tan bitch; has fresh
wound on neck, stitched and bandaged. Re-
turn to I. W. O'ROURKE, Veterinary Sur-
geon, 1-507 California St., and receive reward.
LOST— Collection book; name on cover, W. S.
Ray Mfg. Co. ; no value except to owner. De-
liver to L. L. PRIOR, 12 California St., and
receive reward.
LogT— Satchel containing bankbook and gold
eyeglasses and valuable papers. Return 118
Lily aye.
LOST— Black-haired water spaniel; answers to
the name of Major. By returning same to
1120 Lombard st., near Hyde, a reward of $5
will be paid.
LIOGAL NOTK 'KS.
NOTlCE— Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, IS9B.— Office of the Clerk of
Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, City Hall building, second
floor, July 6, 1898.
Public notice Is hereby given, in accordance
wuu section No. 3654 of the Political Code,
that the Assessment Book of the City and
County of San Francisco, for the fiscal year
1.-'.in, lias been completed and delivered to me.
as Clerk of the Hoard of Supervisors, together
with the map books and statements, and will
be open for examination in this ofnVc from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m.. and that said
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the assessment of
property therein, on Tuesday afternoon, July
6. 1898, at 2 o'clock, and will tnereafter con-
tinue In session from time to time until the
business of equalization presented to them is
disposed of, but not later than the 18th day of
July, 18S8.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to bo verified by oath.
Public notice is also given that, In accord-
ance with sections 1897, 1899 and 3654 of the
Political Code, the Military Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered over to me, and is now open
for examination and correction, as provided by
law. JNv. A. RUSSELL, Clerk. |
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A—A A ~
The best bargain In San Francisco; modern
] home: 8 rooms, with well-finished basement;
1 lot 24 ft. 3 1n.x135 ft.; house In same block
sold for J22,fi00 four weeks ■ ago; property In
good condition; price $6000.
We have at all times a demand for first-
I class homes In good locations at prices from
; $2000 to JSOOO; we also may have Just what you
: want; call on us and you will be courteously
I treated at any time.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY. 403 Examiner
j building.
WORTH $4,500. ■_ '■
$37."0— can remain at C»/4 per cent; bay-
window house; 8 -rooms and bath; stone slde-
' walk; street "basalt blocks and accepted; lo-
| cated, in Western Addition on west line of
street; Just 13 minutes from Market st. ; In buy-
ing this property you pay no agent's commis-
sion and agents need' not apply. Address M.,
box 72. Call office. ■- J •; • »- • • ■
COZY corner cottage 5 room and bath; lot
2"x70, near Twenty-ninth ' and Mission sts. ;
part cash; balance time; a bargain. Apply
1033 Mission st. ' ' ■
I $6000— AT a sacrifice, lot 60x137:6, with 2-story
house, rented, on Haight St., near Market.
I Address R., box 114, Call office.
$23,600— BUSINESS property; rents #150 month;
| might exchange In part. Box 172, Call office.
i CORNER lot; 100 feet Mission; Zoo-Park line;
graded? sewered: - 413- Kearny tit. • ■
COUXTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— lo acres, well improved, with new
buildings, large orchard: 1 mile from station;
3 miles to Stanford University. For par-
. ticulars apply P. O. box 139, Redwood City.
No agent.
FOR SALE— A good income place; has 15
; acres of bearing orchard and 25 acres more of
first-class land; good house and outbuildings;
i price $3500; might exchange for Oakland first-
. class.
! A bargain— l€o acres; has 30 acres orchard;
; house, barn and all farming tools for $5000.
■ Send for our large list of country properties.
! THE REYNOLDS COMPANY, 403-4 Exam-
iner building.
! $1000— RANCH 70 acres good level land; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
; OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1151 Twenty-
third aye., East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
A BARGAIN —
An upper flat, 5 rooms and bath; lower flat, 4
rooms and bath; also double cottage, 3 rooms
In each; lot 50x100; rents for $37 month; price
$3500. W. P. RYAN, 960 Seventh st., Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAnD HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house of 4 rooms-; also chickens
166S Fifth St., West Oakland.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent '•heap; cen-
tral: EB9 24th St., nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1822 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny tingle room: va-
cant June 1. THE ' H\T tr" KlrMh st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE r 1 household goods thin week.
SCHFT T.H V.AS 1 nlrt otore 409 Klovnth (it.
OAKLAND MERCHANT TAILORS.
SUITS maCe to order on Installments; $1 week.
Boston Woolen Mills. 920 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE].
$600— LOT 30x125; elegant location; street work
done. $1500 — New .'-room cottage on Grand st.
2 blocks from Grand st. station. $3000— Elegant
new colonial cottage, 7 rooms and bath;
Chestnut st. station; easy terms. $6000 —
7-room cottage; modern in every way; lot 50
xl 50; stable, etc.; Morton st. station; will
exchange for San Francisco property. Bar-
gains in all parts of Alameda.. Alameda Land
Co., 1500 Park St., Alameda.
FOR Sale— Cheap; nice house of 5 rooms and
bath; large grounds; good location; lot 50x
100. Apply to A. NEWMAN. 306 Market st.
FOR sale immediately, cheap, house and lot
S5xllo; 5 rooms and bath; ail new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station: 1825
Pacific aye.. Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
WILL build modern" 5-room bouse on a nice
lot, good location; only $1600; terms. Apply
to owner, J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park. Alameda.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 6-room modern house; tank,
windmill and good well: lot 72x145; stable and
use of 5 acres fruit; High St., Upper Frult-
vale. Address V.. box 9. Call, Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 848 Market st.; tel. Green 204.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; Jd
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mo-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister St.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10 - i
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg. I
$E0 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st. [
HORSES. ~~
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
- Yards, 220 Valencia st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
. ket, 327 Sixth; auction Rales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
ir bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL, office and residence,
'306 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
S. W. Molkenbuhr and Mary M. Egan 24-22
W. E. Brodersen and Lizzetta M. P0pp...;. 29-22
W. H. Nelmann and Justlnie Brick wedel. .2l-13
Charles P. Franck and Hilda Jorgensen.. .2B-25
George W. Palmer and Bertha Thorne.... 31-27
Fred Yordl and Sarah J. Duffy 48-38
Andrew J. Merton and Cora McC0y....... .23-27
Theodore Molotor and Jessie Larkee .29-32
Joseph Hornor ' and Magdalena Mochle 46-33
Joseph Crammer and Mary Knoll 32-34
Henry C. Hahn and Caroline A. Deviere. .3s-24
Charles G. Davis and Flora Halliday 25-27
William B. Whitney and Fanny M. Rahn.. 46-57
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication' offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HANDMAN— In this city, June 17, 1898, to the j
:> wife of F. C. Handman, a son.
KEIL— In this city, June 15, 1893. to the wife !
of O. C. Keil, a son. - - -•
VAN SOMEREN— JuIy 3, 1898, to the wife of
Harry Van Someren. a daughter.
WOOD— In this city, June 19, 1898, to the wife
of Frederick Wood, a son. = ■■'•■
;• MARRIED.
ABRAHAMS— In this city, July 3.
IS9B, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Harry Aronson
and Flora Abrahams, both of San Francisco.
BLUME— SZABOLCSY— In this city. July 3,
1838, by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson, Henry
Blum© and : Ettel Szabolcsy, both of San
Francisco. - ■ : •
NEVINS— In this city, June 28, 1598,.
at St. Joseph's ' Church, by the Rev. Father
Hartney, William H. Curler and Margaret
•E. Nevlns. : ..- .- : " ' ;_; _. _ __ _ ..;.;. v ;
DAMNER— STAMPER— In this city, June 28,
I 1898, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Sam Damner
and Lilly Stamper, both of San Francisco.
GRAHAM— HALEN— In this city, July 3. 1898,
by the Rev. F. R| Farrand. William C. Gra-
ham and Emma Halen, both of San Fran-
cisco.
HARRIS— HILSON— In this city, July 3. 1898,
by the Rev. M. S. LeVy, Harry Harris and
Ray T. Hilson of Redwood City.
VINING— In this city, July 3. 1898, by
the Rev. Charles Edward Locke, Nick Kosta
and Mamie Vining. both of San Francisco.
SCHMULIAN— LANG— In this city. June 19,
1898, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Alfred Schmu-
lian and Edna Lang, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DIED.
Beckedorff. G. H. L. McCarte. Rosina C.
Blgue, Mrs. E. . Muller, Theresia
Black, Daniel J. Pringle, Henry B.
Comfort, Margarette Sartorlus, Alfred M.
Connolly, Daniel D. Schrader, William F.
Connolly, Henry ' Shohay, William
Dolan, John H. Souter, John
Duffy, Jennie C. Stenhura, Stephen
Kahn, Claus Trenschel, Godfrey A.
Kerrigan, Miss Mary Yon Hadeln, John
Lottge, Harry White, William H.
BECKEDORFF— In this city. July 5, 1898,
George H. L., beloved husband of Francesca
H. Beckedorff, and son of Mrs. Sophie A.
. Beckedorff, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years 5 months and 12 days.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
I BIGUE— In Monterey, July 5, 1898. Mrs. En-
grace Bigue. beloved mother of Pierre, Jean
and Pierrine Bigue, Mrs. I. O. Glbeau, Mrs.
A. Artot and Mrs. Bedbet, mother-in-law of
Mrs. P. Bigue. Mr. Gibeau, Mr. Artot and
Mr. Bedbet, and aunt of Mr. H. Hartin. a na-
tive of France, aged 59 years and S months. ,
C?"Frlends and acquaintances ace respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of . Jules Qodeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to French Church of Notre Dame dea
Victoires. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
. BLACK— Oakland, July 4, 1898. Daniel J.
I Black, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years.
[[^■Notice of funeral hereafter.
i COMFORT-In this city. July 5. 1898, Margar-
1 ette A., beloved wife of J. F. Comfort, a na-
tive of Santa Cruz, Cal., aged 28 years 1
months and 20 days.
tC7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
CONNOLLY— In this city. July 5, 1898, Daniel
D., beloved son of Daniel and Mary Con-
nolly, and brother of Mrs. R. Reid, Mrs. H.
St. Clair, Mrs. R. Robinson and John,' Jo-
seph, Theresa and Frank Connolly, a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 29 years and 10
months.
CONNOLLY— In Vallejo. July 5, 1898, Henry,
■ beloved husband of Catherine Connolly, a na-
tive of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 71
■years. . - .
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Vincent's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
bo celebrated for the repose of his soul. In-
. . terment St. Vincent's Cemetery.
DOLAN— In this city, July 5, IS9B. John M., be-
loved son of Lawrence and Delia Dolan. and
•brother of Mary, William L.. Kate, Nellie,
Annie and the late Malachi J. Dolan. a na-
tive of Black Diamond. Contra Costa County,
Cal., aged 30 years and 11 months.
CC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 560 Pennsylvania avenue, Potrero,
' thence to St. Theresa's Church, Potrero,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DUFFY— In this city. July 4, IS9S, Jennie C,
wife of James W. Duffy, and daughter of the-
late Phil McGovern, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years. .
C7"Frlend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. A. Martin, 1220 Waller street.
near Masonic avenue, thence to St. Agnes
Church, Masonic avenue, between Page and
• Oak streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:20' o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KAHN— In this city. July 5, 189?. Claus Kahn,
a native of Germany, aged 74 years.
KEPIIGAN— In this city, July 4, IS9B, Miss
Maiy Kerrigan, a native of County Leitrim,
Ireland, aged 62 years.
• (C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, -from her late resi-
dence, 119'^ Ivy avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn reouiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LOTTGE —In this city, July 4, IS9S, Harry,
beloved son of Mrs. Ernestine Lottge, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years and 7
days.
Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Vaiente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stocl i
street, between Green and Union. Into
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. . ' /
McCARTE— In this city, July 4. 1898, Rosi»
C beloved daughter of Daniel and Mary M-
Carte, and sister of Mary, Sarah, Wills.
Daniel, Alexander. Joseph. Hugh. Archlf,
Charles and Arthur McCarte, a native C
County Antrim. Ireland, aged 23 years. . - V
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the resi- ,
dence of her parents. 164 South Park, thenco \
to St. Rose's Church, where a solemn re- \
quiem mass will be held for the repose of his I
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULLER— In this city, July 5. 1898. Theresia,
dearly beloved wife of George Muller. and
dearly beloved mother of George J., Edward
and Herman Muiler, a native of Osthofer,
Germany, aged 67 years 1 month and 25 days.
A member of Third Order of St. Francis and
Altar Society of St. Boniface's Church.
(C?"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
PRINGLE— In this city, July 5. 1898, Henry
Butterworth. son of the late James Reid
Pringle, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years.
SARTORIUS— In Niles, Cal., July 3, 1838, Al-
fred M., beloved son of John G. and Marie
Theresa Sartorins, and brother of George,
Alvenlse and Angela Sartorlus, a native of
San Francisco, aged 24 years and 2 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1G46 Howard street,
corner of Thirteenth, thence to St. Joseph's,
Church, Tenth street, where a solemn • re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commr.clng at 10 o'clock.
' Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHRADER— In this city. July 5, 1898. Wil-
liam F.. dearly beloved son of W. F. and
Anna Schrader. and brother of Rudolph and
Herbert Scrader, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years 1 month and 10 days.
SHOHAY— In this city, July 5, 1898. William,
beloved son of Marie and the late Frances
Shohay, and brother of Frank, Ella, Josie.
and Mary. Shohay and Mrs. F. Bima, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 24 years 7 months ,
and 19 days.
[ET Interment strictly private.
SOUTER— In Auburn. Cal., July 5, IS9B, John,
husband of Annie Souter, and father of Mrs*
F. J. Rossi. Mrs. S. Snyder and Emma, Lot-
tie and John Souter. a native of Scotland,
aged 55 years 3 months and 16 days.
STENHURA— In this . city, July 5, 1898,
Stephen Stpnhura. a native of Austria-Hun-
gary, aged 46 years. A member of National
Slavonic Society (F. R. V.), Sasinek No. 33.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Boniface's German Catholics
Church, where mass will be celebrated for tha
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock-
Interment Holy Cross. Cemetery.
y4y 4 M I. To the officers and members of .
'Strosmayer Council No. 460. Young 1 Men's In-
stitute— Brothers: You are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late . deceased
•brother, Stefan Stenhura, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, . 777 Mission street,
to-morrow (Thursday), at 8 o'clock. Fines
for non-attendance will be strictly inforced.
By order of ANTONE PILCOVICH. Fres.
MATT CRESLIA, Sec.
TRENSCHEL— In this city. July 3, 189S, God-
frey August Trenschel, beloved father of ,
Mrs. W. Wecihe, Albert ' and August Tren-
schel and Mrs. Carrie Legoix. - a native ; of
Germany, aged S3 years 4 months and 9 days.
(T7Fr'lendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the; funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of James Hagan. 455 Valencia street. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
YON HADELN— In this city. July 4. IS9S,
John, husband of H. yon Hadeln, and father
of Peter and Annie yon- Hadeln, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 78 years.
IP 9 " Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day). at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. EMI
Powell street. Interment private.
WHITE— In this city. July 4. IS9S, William
H beloved husband of Nellie P. White, a
native of San Francisco, late of Greenwood,
Mendoclno County, Cal., aged 40 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow"
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the- parlors
of McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Kifth street, thence
to St. John's Church. Fifteenth street. near«
Valencia, where services will be held. In- ■
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAIaMERi
id 11ITH ST.. Opp. Lincoli SzhuL
:•':■■ Telephone. South SO.
In. b. m'avov. Manager. a
mcflvoY & co., i
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3, |
1235 Market St. between Bth and Uth. 3
- Telephone, South 247. — M .__— J*
Estab. 186S Tel. South 47. •
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
■ Funeral Directors and F.mhnlmsrs,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants, 'Spacious chapel for th» as«
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
H. C. BUNKER & CO.,
• FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
2666 Mission St. Mission Masonic Tempi*
Telephone Mission 75. -;•■
1112
HE THOUGHT
HE WAS THE
WHOLE WORKS
School Director Burns Sharply
Disciplined by His Col
leagues.
He Gave Out Contracts for Repairs at Will.
Drucker Quickly Resigns From the
Building Committee.
I have shown enough to
call attention to the rank ex
travagance that prevails and
to the further fact that the
chairman of the Building
Committee, Director Burns, is
proccHiing in an entirely ille
gal manner, and that he has
grossly mismanaged the af
fairs of his committee. I be
lieve he should b3 requested to
resign. — [From the report of
Chairman E. J. liallagher of
the Finance Committee of the
Board of Education.]
Thero was another upheaval in the
Board of Education at a special meeting
last evening, called by that body to con
sider the charges of gross mismanage
ment brought against^, the committee on
buildings and grounds by Chairman E. J.
Gallagher of the finance committee.
While the meeting -was very quiet, and
no harsh language used, it terminated In
a Bhocking rebuke to Chairman Burns of
the accused committee and his fellow
members thereof, which bro-ight not a
word of denial or protest from Mr. Burns,
but so excited Director Druoker that he
not only averred that he had boen made
a victim of misplaced confidence in sanc
tioning the work of Chairman Burns, but
he promptly handed in his resignation as
a member of the troublesome committee.
A BOARD UNTO HIMSELF.
School Director Thomas A. Burns Accused by His Colleagues of
Unofficial Conduct.
This leaves Mr. Burns alone in the em
barrassing position.
Mr. Drucker, in defense of his attitude,
stated: "There has never been a meet
ing of the committee on buildings ana
grounds since I have been in office ex
cept that held last week."
He had signed bills and contracts
brought to him by Inspector J. J. O'Brien
on the statement that they were, "all
right." Now that he had found that
these acts were not only improper, bui
Illegal, he desired to disconnect himself
from the disagreeable combination.
The reading of Director Gallagher's hot
report was listened to very attentively.
It was as follows:
To the Hon. Board of Education— Gentlemen:
At the last regular meeting I submitted a re
port upon the work being performed by the
building commutes. The board decided at that
time to take the matter up at a special meet
ing to be held to-day to hear a report from
the building commit on the work now being
done and me building committee was In
structed not to begin any new work.
At the last meeting of the board the chair
man of the building committee stated that the
work mentioned in my report was being done
by day's labor, by men sent him by different
members of the board. I took the trouble to
Investigate and found that this statement Is
not entirely true. The laborer! employed by
the committee are working at the Winfleld
Scott School, but the work at the Agassis and
Polytechnic schools Is being performed by per
sons who have no connection with the depart
ment. They have not been authorized by the
board or any committee of the board to do
this work. I say this advisedly because both
Mr. Drucker and- Mr. Carew, members of the
building committee, assure me that they have
not at any time been consulted by the chair
man of the committee and they have never
given their consent to the work now being
f done. During the week I visited the Park
Primary. Extensive alterations are being made
there and they are ill-advised in the extreme
These alterations are not being made by any
one connected with the department. The peo
ple of Richmond are crying loudly for addi
tional school accommodations, but they want
something substantial— not makeshifts. I also
visited the Clement grammar. The men em
ployed by the building committee have torn
down the closets and some one else 1b engaged
In rebui.uing them.
There are no contracts on file either with the
secretary of the board or at the office of the
inspector of bu.—.ngs for any of the work I
have mentioned. The only contracts I could
lind on record are ten agreements with L G
Young for cleaning vaults. I also found a
contract for building a bow window on the
principal's office at th» Humboldt School as
per specifications, for »193, contract dated June
12, 18a8; also contract with same party to build
a school 16x30 as per present shed, take down
back, plank yard, fix forty feet of side fence
amount $169; contract dated June 3, 1898 i
copied these contracts June 29. As the work
mentioned in these contracts Is unnecessary I
would recommend that the contracts be can
celed.
Further investigation revealed the fact that
the committee intends to whiten or tint the
following schools: Grant, Le Conte, Richmond
Sutro, Buena Vista, West End and Mission
Grammar. The first-named school was fin
ished June 29, 1898. The action taken by the
Building Commute at the last meeting: was, I
presume, sufficient to have the commute hold
U>« others In abeyance. There are no con
tracts on file anywhere for ■whitening or tint
ing the above schools, an«l I would recom
mend that this work be stopped.
I have not the time to all the attention of
the board to every particular piece of work
being performed by the Building Committee,
but I have shown enough to call attention to
the rark extrs.vaea.nce thnt prevails and to
the further fact that the chairman of the Uulld
| ing Committee la proceeding in an entirely ille
gal manner and that he has grossly misman
aged the affairs of his committee, and 1 be
lieve he Bhould be requested to resign.
E. J. (iALLAOHER.
The reading of the foregoing was fol
lowed by the report of Chairman Burns
of the unhappy committee. Then Direc
tors Gallagher, Derham, Armor, Waller
and Drucker proceeded to dissect the
document. It set forth work accom
plished, but not paid for; work in prog
ress and work contracted for.
"I know nothing about these matters."
said Mr. Drucker, hotly, after running
through the report. "I did not know it
was ordered, and never signed or saw a
contract for it. These things have never
come before the board, and I will not
stand responsible for any such actions.
I therefore now tender my resignation
from that committee. Why, look at it!
There are acts of the chairman of the
Building Committee in which he has con
tracted for over $150,000 worth of work,
and in no instance ha 3he either called a
committee meeting or consulted me re
garding the business passing through the
hands of that committee. This won't
do."
The investigation throughout showed
that Director Burns had instructed In
spector O'Brien to write the contracts, j
and Burns signed them. Of the work fin
ished, in course of completion and neces
sary to be finished at the earliest possible
moment before the opening of the schools
there was Borne $14,000 worth, of which
over $4000 was for vault work. Director
Gallagher said much of this $14,000 worth
of work was entirely unnecessary, and
there was no excuse for doing it. except
to spend money. He moved that these
contracts be canceled and that the board
order the completion of the work being
done at Starr King, Clement. WinfMd
Scott, Park Primary and Washington
Grammar schools. This motion was
adopted, and after further examination of
the peculiar methods of Chairman Burns
in which the board failed to get any in
formation whatever from that gentleman
Director Drucker called particular atten
tion to the fact that Director Burns had
Ignored the orders of the board of the
last mooting and proceeded on the same
old policy. «
This brought about more protests from
those members who took an active part
in the expose of the building committee
in v,hioh Chairman Gallagher offered to
prove- that be could get some of the work
ordered by Burns done for about half the
iin'cunt that gentleman was proposing to
pay. There was no denial of this allega
tion.
During the proceedings Mr. Galiagher
by questioning the inspector brought out
the fact that these invisible contracts
were kept in a "private receptacle" in >he
office of that official, and that was why
Chairman Gallagher had been refu i:id
the right to examine them. However, he
was now welcome to do so.
After a prolonged and painful session
Director Derham moved that all the
other contracts and orders embodied in
Chairman Burns' report be canceled; that
the work be advertised In the legal wav:
that future contracts and propositions
pass through the board, and that in fu
ture the building committee be held to
observe the law, which requires that such
committee shall not Incur an expense ex
ceeding $50 without the order of the
board. This was carried without a dis
senting vote, Mr. Burns not voting.
Director Drucker's resignation from the
committee was held to be acted upon at
the next regular meeting of the board. It
was rumored that Burns, having been
Bborn of all hie arbitrary powers, mignt
follow Drucker's example.
What redress the contractors will have
to secure pay for work performed und n r
contracts with Director Burns remains to
be seen.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Salled July 2-Stmr Georele
for Liverpool; stmr Servla, for Liverpool- stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse. 'or Bremen' stmr
La Champagne, for Antwerp.
Arrived July 2— Stmr Arizona, for Stettin
GENOA Arrived July 2— Stmr Fulda, for New
York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived July 5 — Stmr
Chester, from New York.
BREMEN-Arrived July 6-Stmr Dresden
from Baltimore.
MOVlLLE— Arrived July 5-Stmr Ethiopia,
for New York.
MARSEILLES— Arrived July t-Stmr Califor
nia, from New York.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 6, 1898.
REWARDED FOR FAITHFUL SERVICE.
Herbert P. Thrall Now Superintendent of the
Eighth Division, Railway Mail Service.
Herbert P. Thrall, the well-known postoffice inspector, has received the
appointment of superintendent of the eighth division railway mall service,
with headquarters in this city, to succeed Samuel Flint, and he will as
sume the duties of his new position on Thursday, the 7th inst. The eighth
division of the railway mail service, embracing California, Nevada, Oregon,
Alaska, Arizona, Idaho, Utah and Washington, is one of the largest and
most important in the United States. The mileage, both in railroads and
star routes, has greatly increased of late years, and the necessity of a
larger force to supervise the work of the division has long been apparent.
The appointment of Mr. Thrall simply shows the desire of the Postofllce
Department to inject new blood and energy into the service, and its confi
dence in and good will for Mr. Flint have been shown in his appointment
to the position of assistant superintendent, assigned to the responsible duty
of inspecting the star route service.
On July 1 the new four-year contracts to carry mail over the most of
the star routes in this division went into effect, and the work of super
vising this branch of the service, properly adjusting the schedules ajid se
curing 1 the best possible results is a very Important one.
Superintendent Thrall entered the postal service as a clerk In the railway
mail service in May, 18S3. His principal runs were on the Overland be
tween this city and Ogden, and to Los Angeles. In August, 1890, he was
offered and accepted an appointment as postoffice inspector, which he has
since iilled most creditably. He is an active, energetic and conscientious
worker in whatever he undertakes, and success in his new position la a fore
gone conclusion. With two exceptions, all of the branch postofflces In San
Francisco, Including Station D in the new ferry building, were fitted up
under the supervision of Mr. Thrall.
WOULD FORCE
OUT A WIDOW
Seeking Possession of a
Coursing Park.
COURTS MUST NOW DECIDE
EFFORTS TO DISPLACE MRS.
DALTON AT INGLESIDE.
Her Late Husband Placed the Leash
man's Sport on the High Plane
Which It Occupies at
This Time.
Unless an angel of peace appears on the
scene forthwith and reconciles the va
rious parties at interest contending for
mastery in the matter of the possession of
the lngleside coursing park the Kates of
that institution will be closed temporarily.
It is affirmed by the friends of Mrs. John
P. Dalton that a number of men are en
deavoring to force her out of the park di
rectorate.
"Jack" Dalton started the Ingleslde
park two years since. At that time there
I was a park at Ocean View, but the sup-
I port was on a low plane owing to the
scandals regarding the "fixing" of dogs
and complaints as to the judging. Dal
ton had been one of the most prominent
of the dog men in the country for years
! and enjoyed a reputation for honesty and
' for being a thorough sportsman.
From the day on which he opened the
gates at Inglesido the park attracted the
best class of leashmen, and with them the
best dogs. It was soon evident that Dal
ton would conduct the sport on the high
est plane. Old coursing men who had re
tired in disgust were again attracted to
the sport and commenced to import the
best dogs of the East and England. The
crowds increased at every meeting, and
there was not a suspicion of crookedness
in the sport. DalUm had the entire man
agement and no subordinates were given
authority to dictate as to the handling of
the sport. All this time M. J. Donovan
whs a silent partner. Matters went on
smoothly until the death of Dalton. when
trouble began for the widow. Donovan
assumed the management at this time.
"Should Mr. Donovan and Mr. Grace
retire from the management of Ingleside
Coursing Park." said Harry Brennan,
when discussing the situation yesterday,
"the business will not be permitted to
suffer." Mr. Brennan is Mrs. Dalton's
brother. "Two prominent horse racing
and coursing men stand ready to go on
with the park, making material changes
that will render It one of the finest places
of its character In the world. It has the
natural advantage of location, being
easy of access, and with a perfect field
for the coursing. It would then be con
ducted on the original lines as laid down
by Mr. Dalton.
"Mr. Grace, the judge, has tendered his
resignation, claiming that Mrs. Dalton
has made statements against him, the
substance of which, however, he will not
disclose to her. This, when taken in con
junction with the statement of some dog
men that they will not co-operate with
the widow of Mr. Dalton as a stockholder
in the park, gives the. resignation an ugly
look. On the surface it looks as though
he was playing a part for them. I will
present either Mr. Grace or his informers
with a $500 check if they can prove that
Mrs. Dalton ever made any statements
derogatory of Mr. Grace's character.
"The resignation of Mr. Grace will not
affect the park. There is a man in this
city now who is fully competent to take
up the work of Judging whenever he lays
It down. This man is Mr. Jerome, the
noted Australian judge, who comes here
with an international reputation for abil
ity and fairness.
"The end must come soon In the contro
versy over the park and my sister, Mrs.
Dalton, will make a firm stand for her
rights in the matter. The old and stanch
friends of her late husband have proved
themselves loyal to her in this matter.
People who have left the park because
of past troubles have proffered her their
support. The persons who started Union
Park and divided the coursing men were
•friends of 'Jack' Dalton, and have al
ways been friends of his widow. They
did not withdraw their support from In
gleside through any acts of either Mr. or
Mrs. Dalton, and are still loyal to the
lady. They speak well of her business
ability and of her rightful claim to the
business and sport that was built up
through the energy and ability of her late
husband. I am sorry I cannot say the
same for the Ingleside people, who owe
all their success to her husband. If mat
ters are not settled soon the gates of the
park will be closed tightly until a settle
ment is reached. I will make a fighting
stand for my sister's interests and am
barked in the struggle by the right peo
ple."
Dalton's estate is in course of probate
in Judge Coffey's court, and it is under
stood that the widow's plans are to force
a settlement with her business associates
through those proceedings. She will
probably call for the appointment of a
receiver.
CAPTAIN ROTTANZI'S WOES.
Thrilling Description of Hardships
at the Powder Mills.
Captain-Doctor-Supervisor Rottanzi,
handsome and debonair, marched into
the office of the clerk of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday afternoon, garbed
in the natty fatigue suit of a captain of
the army, brown as a San Joaquin farmer
and delighted to be absent from his dan
gerous post.
"I tell you, my friends," said he, "it
Is a great relief to get away from that
confounded Santa Cruz powder mill.
Why, I am just beginning to take long
breaths again. It is a fact that I don't
dare sneeze down there without putting
my head in a blanket.
"If the military authorities want to
keep Captain 'Billy' Barnes from out
growing himself, they should send him
to my post for about six weeks. He
would, if he survived the mental strain,
come back here a mere phantom and
could have his clothes made over and get
two suits out of one.
"Talk about mentul anguish. Why, my
tent is only forty paces from a silent hor
ror in the shape of fifteen tons of pow
der; a short distance away is another
sleeping volcano, and up the hill a little
further is a nightman- that haunts my
sleeping and waking hours worse than
a guilty consr-ience. It is only a little
matter of 200,000 pounds of concentrated
death. Woo! It is horrible to think whai
would happen to me if that stuff should
conclude to expand without giving due
notice.
"The Coroner might find only an as
sorted lot of fingers as a result, and my
friends might mourn over and bury the
digits of Corporal Casey or Mr. Schultze,
thinking it was my beloved remains.
"Tht> other day I got some left-hand
encouragement from an old employe at
the works.
" 'How long have you been here?' I
asked. 'Twinty-wan years,' he replied.
'So long and not killed yet?' 'Sure, there's
no danger. Ay coorse we had a little
cxploshin' a few wakes ago. It was only
six tons ay powther, though, and it made
a swape here as clane as a pace ay paper
There was three harses over there a short
ways and it was very funny, sure. The
powther blowed thim inside out and we
niver found a hair ay them left.'
" 'How did you escape?' 'Oh! that was
aisy. I hid in the wather trough and only
got wet. Now be aisy, captain; ate and
schlape well, for I've been here, as I tould
you, twinty-wan years and never was
killed. There's no danger.'
" 'You say six tons blew the whole place
clean as paper and there is no danger
with fifteen tons of powder under my noss
and a train-load a fewVods away?'
" 'To be sure, sor; bekase that axplo
shin was jlst an accident!' "
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMINQ BATHB.
Physician* recommend the Crystal warm eea
water tub and swimming- baths. North Beach, i
HOW MR. CURTIS
KNEW THE PRICE
Cross-Examlned by the
Attorney General.
BOOKS AIDED HIS MEMORY
MADE A TEIP OVER THE ROADS
FOR EVIDENCE.
Progress of the Investigation Into
the Cost of the Property of the
Railroad Company la
This State.
The cross-examination of Engineer
Curtis of the Southern Pacific Com
pany was resumed yesterday afternoon
before United States Commissioner
Heacock. Attorney General Fitzgerald
and Robert Y. Hayne appeared on be
half of the State and William F. Her
rin, head of the Southern Pacific law
department, took care of the interests
of the company. Railroad Commission
ers La Rue and Hinton attended as
spectators.
The cross-examination was conducted
by Attorney General Fitzgerald, re
lieved at times by Mr. Hayne. Its ob
ject appeared to be to break the force
of the testimony on the direct examina
tion by showing that Mr. Curtis did not
rely altogether upon his memory cf
facts and that if he did he was not in
a position to know absolutely the things
of which he spoke. The following sam
ple questions and answers will give a
fair idea of the scope of the examina
tion and the net results of the panning
out of Engineer Curtis:
"Can you give us the names of the
railroad officials from whom you ob
tained the information which you gave
on the direct examination?" asked the
Attorney General.
"It was furnished by the subordi
nates under my direction to a consider
able extent," answered Curtis.
"Then if this data was derived as
you say your testimony was not based
upon your personal knowledge but from
the records of the company?"
"It was based on my personal knowl
edge because' I know that those things
are there. But for the purpose of mak
ing myself certain I made a special trip
of inspection over the road for the pur
pose of making this estimate. The trip
was made entirely by daylight so that
I could see everything. The trip was
made at the instance and direction of
the Southern Pacific Company in ac
cordance with an understanding with
Mr. Herrin that my testimony was
wanted in this matter."
"If you had personal knowledge,"
asked the Attorney General, "where
was the necessit" for your obtaining
this data from the books and records
of the company?"
"It is a pretty large property," replied
Mr. Curtis. "Some men may be able to
retain all those things in their minds
without the aid of the books, but I
cannot. I wanted to make sure of the
data. I felt that it would be safer and
surer to check my personal knowledge
with the records."
"It is true, Is it not, that you never
found any prices marked on the prop
erty?"
"No. There were a good many sign
boards, but the cost of the signboards
did not appear. I got my information
from the books and the bills. The bills
for the material purchased pass
through my office and through my
hands constantly and I knew from
those original bills what those things
cost. My answer appertains to current
prices."
"Then you have no personal knowl
edge of the purchase price of the ma
terial used In the construction of the
San Joaquin Valley road?"
"I saw the original bills for the ma
terial."
"If the road was built by the Con
struction Company the original bills or
Invoices must have been made to the
Construction Company and not to the
railroad company. How then did you
come to see them?"
"I saw them in the office of the en
gineer of construction in the office of
the company at Sacramento. They were
all for ties and rails. The other bills
were largely of materials made in the
company's shops in Sacramento."
"Is it not the fact that the bills from
the shops covered a profit over the
actual cost?"
"The bills from the shops are made to
show cost without profit, with a line
below 'add for superintendence and
tools, 10 per cent.' The intention is not
to make a profit out of those things.
The shops at Sacramento belong to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company. I
think they sent their bills to the Con
struction Company at actual cost after
taking this lO ner cent."
"If that be the fact the railroad com
pany must have done this work for the
Construction Company for actual cost?"
"Undoubtedly."
The remainder of the cross-examina
tion was devoted to an explanation of
the duties performed by Engineer Cur
tis while acting as superintendent of
construction of various roads. The
cross-examination will be resumed at
2 o'clock this afternoon.
A Butchertown Joke.
Robert Fernandez, an engineer in the
employ of Miller & Lux in South San
Francisco, received a severe powder burn
in the breast as the result of a practical
joke. He was dozing in a chair in the
engine room on Monday, when some
friends, disguised as burglars, entered
the room and, placing a pistol loaded
with blank cartridges at his breast,
awakened him, expecting to see the
sleepy engineer scared almost to death.
Fernandez, however, did not scare and
to carry on the joke the pistol was dis
charged. The powder burned through his
clothing and scorched a good-sized patch
of skin on his chest. Fernandez saw the
joke after the Receiving Hospital physi
cians applied balms to his wounds and
eased the pain, and laughingly told the
police that it would not be manly to pros
ecute his friends for the fun they had en
joyed.
For the Boys in Manila.
A special meeting of the Native Daugh
ters' Red Cross Aid was held in Portola
Hall, Native Sons' building, last night,
to arrange for an entertainment to raise
funds to provide luxuries and comforts
for the California soldiers now in Manila.
Miss Ida Kervan was chosen chairman,
Mrs. Theodore Lunstedt secretary and
Miss Mary B. Wilkins treasurer. About
100 ladies were present. It was» decided
to invite the co-operation of the Native
Sons.
The Native Daughters have been work
ing most industriously with the ladies of
the Red Cross Society, but it was consid
ered by them that some token of their re
gard should be got up for their big broth
ers now in Manila. More mature plans
will be arrived at when the society meets
again, on next Tuesday evening.
Hit by Flying Iron.
John Haley, a laborer employed at the
Union Iron Works, was severely injured
yesterday afternoon by a flying piece of
Iron, which struck him on the left leg
below the knee, causing a compound
fracture. The wounded man was taken
to the City and County Hospital.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We will offer, commencing Tuesday,
July sth, a special purchase. of 650 pairs
EXTRA QUALITY NOTTINGHAM, GUIPURE
and FISHNET CURTAINS in a splendid
variety of new patterns. -
PRICE, d>l ff (\
tPI.OU pair.
. r/\lii«
The above Curtains are in both white
and ecru, are full 3' 2 yards long, are also
extra wide, and at the above price are the
best values ever offered by us.
We will also offer this week 2 cases
WHITE SCOTCH LAPPET CURTAIN MUS- '
LIN; 36 inches wide, in dots, fancy stripes
and figures •— 10c Yard
1 case 36-inch PRINTED ART DENIMS,
new designs and new colorings
- 12ic Yard
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET-
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
W. R. Carltherß of Santa Rosa is at the
Lick.
W. Murray of Pleasanton Is at the
Grand.
S. S. Bradford of Sonora Is stopping at
the Russ.
Drury Melone of Oak Knoll is stopping
at the Palace.
Robert Barton of Fresno is staying at
the California.
Judge J. M. Mannon of Uklah is stay
ing at the Lick.
F. Horstner and S. Lee Allen are regis
tered at the Baldwin.
Major George K. Scrivener, U. S. A,, is
stopping at the Palace.
Mrs. E. B. Willis and son, of Sacra
mento, are at the Russ.
S. Migliavacca. a wine merchant of
Napa, is at the Baldwin.
C. H. Lux and wife of San Jose are reg
istered at the Occidental.
Thomas H. Thompson, a fruit grower of
Tulare, is staying at the Lick.
Captain C. Dv Pont Coudert, U. S. N.,
arrived at the Palace last night.
F. A. Hihn, the capitalist, of Santa
Cruz, is registered at the Occidental.
C. A. Hopkins, one of Boston's very
wealthy men, is a guest at the Palace.
The Red Cross
Society is inde
fatigable In its
efforts to satisfy
the appetites of
the incoming sol
diers. Let the
charitably in-
THE CATERER
AND
THE LADIES.
cllned ladies who wear the badge of the
society hear of the prospective arrival of
troops and the caterer engaged for the
supply of viands for the soldiers is imme
diately notified that he must prepare food
for them. The caterer and the ladies
have had many misunderstandings, which
the former charges to a superabundance
of zeal on the part of the latter, and the
latter to a slowness of intellect on thu
! part of the former. The time for the ar
rival of trains is the rock on which they
most often wreck. Misled by the notifica
tions of the society the caterer deter
! mined to take a little authority unto him-
I self, and he has made special arrange-
I ments with one high in authority In the
j Southern Pacific building to get accurate
news concerning the incoming of troops.
And all this news is transmitted over the
telephone. The other night the man who
looks after the stomachic salvation of the
| blue coats called up the Southern Pacific
official and inquired about the trains. The
usual formula was gone through, but one
question the caterer forgot to ask, and
that was the number of soldiers on board.
Before this information could be imparted
to him he hung up the telephone and was
disconnected. A large dinner was pre
pared at once, as is the custom. Just one
soldier arrived, and now the ladies are all
saying, "I told you so."
Todd C. Woodworth, a prominent min
ing man of Center Creek, is a guest at the
Grand.
William M. Br<eyfogle of Chicago and
W. H. Pierce of Baltimore are registered
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. James Clark of London
and Lady Reid of Vancouver arrived at
the Occidental last night.
A. E. Osborn, superintendent of the
Home for the Feeble Minded at Eldridge,
is registered at the Grand.
W. "Wines of Truckee, well known as
the owner of several stage lines In that
part of the country, is at the Grand.
George T. Gosling, a liquor merchant of
San Antonio, is staying at the Palace.
H. M. La Rue of Sacramento Is at the
Occidental.
Andrew Hamilton of Albany, N. V., ac
companied by his two daughters, has ar
rived in this city, and 1b staying at the
Palace. They will make a complete tonr
of the coast.
Father Lorenno Waugh, the oldest
Methodist minister on the coast, is stop
ping at the Russ. He will soon celebrate N
his ninetieth anniversary, in honor of
which a reception will be tendered him at
the Howard street Methodist Episcopal
Church. mmmmm
CALIFORNIAN3 IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 8.-James Sim
mons of San Francisco is at the Ebbltt
House. Albert Lyser of San Francisco is
here attending the Teachers' National
Convention.
A $4,000,000 INCREASE.
Enormous Profits of the Southern Pa
cific for the Fiscal Year.
The auditing department of the South
ern Pacific Company has issued the
financial report of the fiscal year. An in
crease of $4,000,000 in the profits of last
year shows the flourishing condition of
the company. This is the biggest year
in the history of the corporation, the
gain in earnings being the result of the
operation of the Pacific system. Increases
in profits have been made in nearly every
road in the system, though in some few
cases there has been a falling off in travel
and consequent losses to the company.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
82 88 8 8 888 22 88 8 88 88 88 88 88
** IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION. 83
:'; ALASKA DRY AIR I
»'■ ; REFRIGERATOR. S
p. Antique oak finish, heavy zinc lining, cm
™ air circulates thoroughly around the ice ~j
~ box; always keeps fresh and sweet if
•° properly cared for; an economizer of ice. **
8? Will pay for itself in one summer by the .
So amount of food it saves from spoiling. 88
83 .'.
1 1 fSHIp j §
-•» c ■■ • 88
£» Small size, 2 feet 1 InchtfrO CTA °*
IT wide, 3 feet 2 inches hlgh.s>o«OU * 3
•■» Medium size, 2 feet 3 inches | « iTkV\"'^
88 wide, 3 feet 6 inches high. 1 l»\Jvr 55
c« Large size, 2 feet ,7 Inches 10"crV\o»
£ wide, 4 feet high.......... IOtOU **
•* We guarantee satisfaction; will Mfuna 85
88 . your money If you want it., Big assort- 88
o# ment. Send for special catalogue.'.-. -.-• £»
g PATTOSIEN'S, "g.
53 Corner Sixteenth and Mission Sts. - •
!2 88 52 88 S2 82 88 ?2 82 8 Zi BBB 8 8 88 88
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
1 75-horse power Roberts . boiler, 1 85-horso
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
60 wooden boats of all descriptions can bt seen '
at 718 Third street. GEO. W. KNEASS. '
-..- ■ . ..'■■■.■■"- t ■