VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 147.
CONGRESS HAS
GIVEN NOTICE
TO THE WORLD
■
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 25.— The following bill declaring that war exists between the United
States of America and the kingdom of Spain was passed by Congress to-day and signed by the President:
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States in Congress
assembled :
"First — That war be and the same is hereby declared to exist, and that war has existed since
the 21st of April, A. D. 1898, including said day, between the United States of America and the king
dom of Spain.
"Second — That the President of the United States be and he is hereby directed and empowered
to use the entire land and naval forces of the United States, and to call into actual service of the
United States the militia of the several States to such an extent as may be necessary to carry this act
into effect."
PRESIDENT
SIGNS THE
WAR MEASURE
Naval Men Get Ready For
the Greatest Sea Fight
of Modern Times.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 25.
With a gold pen in a polished
ebony holder, President McKinley at
6:18 o'clock this evening signed the
resolutions passed by Congress de
claring a state of war to exist be
twen the United States and the king
dom of Spain. There were but two
witnesses to this interesting cere
mony, Attorney-General Griggs and
the faithful Sergeant Loeffler, who
has acted as private doorkeeper to
every President since Lincoln first
entered the White House.
The resolutions were based upon
the President's message transmitted
to Congress at noon to-day,, and after
prompt passage by the House were
considered in executive session by
the Sanate. Several amendments
were proposed, but ail were defeated
by decisive votes, the sentiment of
the great majority of Senators being
that no time should be lost in per
fecting the record on which this
couitry must stand in the eyes of
the civilized world.
It was just ten minutes past 5
o'clock when Deputies Buchanan and
Davis of the Senate and House ex
ecutive st..ffs started for the White
House with the resolution engrossed
cm parchment. When they reached
the executive mansion the President
had retired to his private rooms for
a little rest, and they waited forty
minutes in the anteroom. As soon
as the President reappeared in his
office a telephone message brought
Attorney-General Giiggs, who cast
the critical eye of a lawyer over the !
\ document and pronounced ft regular
in form and substance. The President
then took the pen both Speaker
Reed and Vice-President Hobart had
used, and which was furnished by
Representative Allen Smith, and
War
Declared
THE MESSAGE
CALLING THE
DECLARATION
WASHINGTON, April !'>.— The President to-day sent to Congress the
following message recommending a declaration of war against Spain:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of
America:
1 transmit to the Congress for its consideration and appropriate action, copies
r.f correspondence recently had with the representative of Spain In the United
• • with the United States Minister at Madrid, and through the latter, with
the Government of Spain, showing tho action taken under the joint resolution
approved April 20, In<<S, for the rocognition of the independence of the people of
Cuba, demanding that the Government of Spain relinquish Its authority and
government in the island of Cuba, and to withdraw its land and naval forces
from Cuba and Cuban waters, and directing the President of the United States
to use the land and naval forces of the United States to carry these resolu
tions Into eff'-ct.
Upon communicating to the Spanish Minister in Washington demand
which, it became the duty of the executive to address to the Government of
Spain In obedience to said resolution, the said Minister asked for his passports
and withdrew. The United States Minister at Madrid was in turn notified by
the Spanish Minister for Foreign Affairs that the withdrawal of the Spanish
ntative from the United States had terminated diplomatic relations be
tween the two countries, and that all official communications between the re-
Bpectlve representatives ceased therewith.
I recommend to your especial .-mention the note directed to the United States
Minister ;it Madrid by the Spanish Minister for Foreign Affairs on the .21st in
st&nt, whereby the foregoing notification was conveyed. It will be perceived
that toe Bpanish Government, having cognizance of the joint resolution of the
Congress of the United Estates, and In view of things which the President is
thereby required and authorised to do, responds by treating the demands of
this Government as measures of hostility, following with that instant and com
plete severance of relations by its action which, by usage of nations, accom
panies an existent state of war between sovereign powers.
The position of Spain being thus made known, and the demands of the
United States being denied, with a complete rupture In the intercourse with
Spnln. I have been constrained in the exercise of the power and authority con
ferred upon me by the joint resolution aforesaid to proclaim, under date of
April 22. IS9S. a blockade of certain ports of the north coast of Cuba, lying be
tween Cardenas and Bahia Honda, and of the port of Clenfuegos on the south
coast of Cuba; and further, in exercise of my constitutional powers, and using
the. authority conferred upon me by the act of Congress approved April 22,
1898, to Issue my proclamation dated April 23, IS9B, calling for volunteers in
order to carry into effect the said resolution of April 20, 1898. Copies of these
proclamations are hereunto appended.
In view of the measures so taken, and with a view to the adoption ,of
sucfa other measures as may be necessary to enable me to carry out the ex
pressed will of the Congress of the United States in the premises, I now recom
mend to your honorable body the adoption of a joint resolution declaring that
a Htate of war exists between the United States of America and the Kingdom
of Spain and I urge speedy action thereon to the end that the definition of
the international status of the United States as a belligerent power may be
made known, and the assertion of all its rights and the maintenance of all ita
duties in the conduct of a public war may be assured.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Executive Mansion, Washington, April 25, ISOB.
sixty seconds later The Call bulletin
service had flashed the news to San
Francisco that the resolutions had
been signed by the Chief Executive.
Now that all technicalities under
the strictest construction of interna- .
The San Francisco Call
tional law have been complied with
and it has been advertised to the
world that we are at war with Spain,
the Navy Department is anxious to
give the order that will mean the
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1898.
SPAIN'S FLEET COMING,
MANILA TO BE ATTACKED,
MARINES LAND IN CUBA
ST. VINCENT, Cape
Verde Islands, April 25.
-The Spanish battleship
Pelayo and the two
swift cruisers which
were expected to-day
and for which the for
midable fleet now in this
harbor has been waiting
have not arrived. As I
have cabled the Herald-
Call from time to time,
the four first - class
cruisers, the three tor
pedo-boatsand the three
torpedo-boat destroyers
here have rtcoaicd each
morning and kept their
fires banked waiting for
the Pelayo and the
other ships. They were
to start at once on their
westward voyage.
All is changed this
evening. There is a re
port, which I was as
sured by one in author
ity is not without foun
dation, that the Pelayo
and two crack cruisers
of the Spanish navy, ac
companied by three tor
MANILA WILL
BE ATTACKED
BY SATURDAY
HONGKONG, April 26. — i A. M.— Before this dis
patch appears in type Commodore Dewey's squadron of
seven fine warships will have sailed from Mirs Bay to
attack Manila.
Consul Williams will arrive here early to-day and
will be taken to Mirs Bay in a specially chartered
steamer.
The fleet will sail immediately after his arrival. An
attack on Manila will probably have been made by next
Saturday-
Commodore Dewey regards Mr. Williams' work in
Manila so highly that he will not start till Mr. Williams
is ready to accompany him, but "it is believed there will
be no delay on this score.
The Spaniards have one good cruiser at Manila, the
Reina Christina of 3500 tons, four effective gunboats of
less than 1200 tons and half a dozen smaller craft of no
fighting value.
Manila has a few. modern guns mounted, but will be
powerless against such a force as that of the American
fleet.
NEW YORK, April 25— The
Herald's Washington correspondent
telegraphs: Navy Department offi
cials expect that within three days
a decisive battle will have been
fought between the American and
Spanish naval forces operating in
the waters of the Philippines.
Commodore Dewey's squadron
steaming at the rate of ten knots
BATTLESHIP DRAWS
THE FIRE OF THE
GUNS OF MATANZAS,
HAVANA, Cuba, 6 p. m., April 24 (via
Kingston, Jamaica, April 25).— The day
passed quietly, with no change in the
position of the blockading ships. A
battleship and a torpedo boat before
Matanzas intimated to neutral vessels
to put to sea. They captured a small
Spanish schooner. Later in the day
events were forced by another battle
ship which steamed close in reconnoit
ering. Morill Fort opened fire on her,
and she retired without returning fire.
Demonstrations were made against
Cardenas an Marie!, one vessel against
the former and three against the latter.
pedo-boats and four tor
pedo - boat destroyers,
have gone across the
Atlantic. I was also as
sured by the same au
thority that the officials
of the Madrid Govern
ment will endeavor to
make good the state
ment attributed to them
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
an hour ought to reach Manila by
to-morrow afternoon and it is ex
pected by Secretary Long and other
department officials that the ves
sels will be in action immediately
after their arrival unless the
Spanish men-of-war should prefer
to remain inside mined harbors.
Of primary importance, the offi-
Continued on Second Page.
some time ago which
was to the effect that
Spain would soon strike
a blow that would open
America's eyes to the
fact that she is still one
of the powers of Europe
and capable of defending
her rights.
I was also informed
BOLD AMERICAN
MARINES LANDED
ON CUBAN SOIL
On board Herald-CaU dispatch boat Somers N.
Smith, with blockading ileet off Havana, April 25. —
Yesterday we lay quite close in, in a little cove
twenty miles west of Havana, and news reached us
that food has already reached famine prices in
Havana sinc^ the war commenced. For three years
in Cuba supp.its for the population have had to be
procured from the United States.
Now this source is closed and the price of fresh
meat-is stated to be $2 a pound in Havana. What
must be the condition of the reconcentrados under
this state of afiairs may be imagined. The officers
of the Fern, who know something of the situation
there, say Havana has been eating mule flesh for
at least a week.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
ONBOARD Call-Herald dispatch
boat Sommers N. Smith, with
blockading squadron off Havana,
April 25. — There is still no bom
bardment of Havana. The peace
ful blockade continues, and deeds
of heroism are being performed
by the American navy. Here is
one : The torpedo boat Porter is
as fleet as an express train, has a
dare-devil crew and an intrepid
commander. Lieutenant John C.
Fremont is the commander's name.
He is a son of the famous Path- '
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
that the squadron now
in port would sail to
morrow morning to join
the Pelayoand her fleet.
I was unable to confirm
this, but from indica
tions it is evident that
the fleet will not remain
long in this harbor. Four
cruisers were to - day
filled with coal. Not
only were the bunkers
filled, but every avail
able place in the ships
was utilized. This is
shown by the fact that
about 7000 tons was
placed aboard the four
cruisers.
I made every effort to
ascertain authoritatively
the names of vessels
with the Pelayo.but was
unable to do so in time
to cable to-night. It was
officially reported that
the Pelayo sailed from
Cadiz on April 17, and on
April 20 she was re
enforced by the armored
Continued on Second Page.
finder, and a "chip of the old
block."
Under the darkness
of last night Lieuten
ant Fremont with the
Porter made a landing
on the north coast of
Cuba with a small
force in search of in
formation. He did not
meet any Spanish
troops, but was ready
to fight them if he had
met them, and ho2
STAMPEDE TO
ESCAPE FROM
SAMPSON'S GUNS
F^esideQts of Havana F j 9ht for
Seats in TraiQS Running
to tf)£ iQtcrior.
NEW YORK, April 25.— A Key West special to the Herald says:
Many ><f the passengers on the Myrtledene reported that when they
were leaving Havana many residents had lied toward the interior.
K\. ry outgoing train, they told me, was mobbed by would-be passen
"i is. clamoring for opportunity to escape the dangers of a siege
or ihi- wrath <> f Admiral Sampson's guns.
Trains for Marianao, a suburb of Havana, were raided last Fri
day by hoy lir.tr mobs of refugees, who fought with each other for
places in the cars, already packed to suffocation. Police and soldiers
bad \'< be called upon to restore order In the railroad station.
Th ■ people "f Havana, they siid, were under such severe nervous
tension that the sound <f occasional artillery practice from Santa
and other neighboring shore batteries instantly produced a
panic in the streets. .Many battalions hiive been brought to Havana
from the Interior, but the continued activity of insurgents in Havana
and ilatanzaa provinces -has made it impossible to draw too heavily
en tli'- country districts for re-enforcements for the city's defense.
Hundreds "•' refugees, unable to leave by train, are going toward the
interior af< -t. ■ " •
got his information
and reported at length
to Acting Vice Admiral
Sampson on board the
flagship this morning.
This much of the Porter's ex
pedition lam permitted by Admiral
Sampson to make public. The
Admiral regards the exploit as a
daring one.
The active squadron blockading
Havana in connection with other
sections maintaining the blockade
of other ports had an easy time
last night in comparison with the
two preceding nights of the block
ade.
The sky was perfectly clear, and
in the early part of the night it
was moonlight. The story of the
movements of the flagship New
York is that after dropping a Her
ald correspondent about thirty
miles off shore into the torpedo
boat in which he proceeded to Key
West the ship cruised about the
gulf in a wide radius, but found
nothing.
She returned to the blockading
line about sundown on Sunday and
devoted the night to a vigorous
chase of moving lights, but found
nothing that could not give a sat
isfactory account of itself. Among
the vessels spoken was the British
schooner lolanthe. The flagship
noticed that the light on Morro
Castle had been extinguished, and
instead there is a powerful search
light mounted. A searchlight has
also been mounted on the Santa
Clara batteries.
The gun crews on
the New York say that
they can put these
lights out in the first
Jive minutes of firing.
Quite unexpectedly and by the
merest chance I came into the
oossession to-day of news about
what is going on in Cuba. The
reported armistice between Gomez
and the Spaniards has not come
to pass. The insurgents are forc
ing the fighting. The Spanish,
fearing an assault by land and sea,
are hurrying their troops into the
cities. The insurgents have ap
oeared in force within thirty miles
of Havana, and there was a raid
by them just beyond Boca de Ja
ruce this morning, and the com
batants must have had a full view
of the blockading squadron.
When the dispatch boat bearing
this cable left Cuban waters smoke
from a great fire set by the insur
gents was rising over the hills.
After the Greek Navy.
LONDON. April 25.— According to dis
patches from Athens, the Greek news
papers declare that the United States
made an offer of $9,000,000 for the entire
Dreek navy. Nearly all the Spanish or
ders for munitions to one of the big
gest ShenMeld' firms have been can
celed.
Lee to Bide Blanco's Horse.
NEW ORLEANS, April 25.— At the
auction sales of the mules and horses
Intended for the Spanish army in Cuba,
which the Government prevented from
leaving, a handsome Kentucky horse,
Int'-n<!<'<! fin- Blanco, was purchased by
A. A. McGinnis, a wealthy manufac
turer, who intends presenting him to
Fitzhugh Lw, if the latter returns to
Cuba us an American general.
Germany's Usual Tactics.
BERLIN, April 25.— 1t Is announced
!emi-offlcially that Germany, following
the course adopted in the Chino-Jap
anese and the Turko-Greek wars, will
rot issue a declaration of neutrality,
the idea being to preserve her freedom
jf action and "to be in a position to in
jei-vene if she considers it necessary."
SPAIN'S PLEA
TO THE POWERS
Memorandum Submitted
by Senor Gullon to
Europe.
Claims That Reforms Were
Actually Commenced on
the Island of Cuba.
Asserts That Cubans Can Never
Govern Themselves, and Cites
Olney as Authority.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 26.— The Times this
morning publishes Spain's memoran
dum to the powers, dated April IS, and
signed by Senor Gullon, the Spanish
Minister of Foreign Affairs. The mem
orandum begins by recording the
"moral and material aid the Cuban
rebels have received from the United
States" in Filibustering expeditions and
the operations of the junta. It men
tions Spain's repeated and persistent
denials to the allegations of cruelty to
ward the Cubans and lays great stress
upon President Cleveland's dispatch of
December 17, 1896, to the effect that
peace would be possible if Spain gave
a sufficient autonomy to Cuba. The
memorandum contends that in the face
of the new liberal constitution granted
Cuba, which "has already borne fruit,"
it is difficult to understand why Presi
dent McKinley in his message of De
cember 6, 1597, and General Woodford,
in the note of December 18, 1897, should
still doubt Spain's loyalty.
The document then speaks at some
length of the Maine accident, and as-
Berta that the Americans, under the
pretext of the extra-territoriality of
the vessel, never allowed Spanish au
thorities to visit the wreck for pur
poses of investigation; and it most
solemnly asserts the absolute Inno
cence of Spain's officials and of Span
ish subjects, generally.
The fairness and loyalty of Spain
are then shown by a reference to the
equitable treatment which American
filibusters, more especially those of
the Competitor, have received a' the
hands of Spain, and in order to show
more fully how pacific and correct has
been the attitude of the Spanish Gov
ernment the memorandum enume
rates the four clauses of the Spanish
proposals. These are:
First— An offer to submit, all questions
arising from the Maine affair to arbitra
tion.
Second — An order to Governor Blanco to
retire into the western provinces and to
apply 3,00u,00u pesetas for the relief of the
agricultural population, with an accept
ance by the Spanish Government of re
lief for Cuban sufferers by the United
Estates, provided such relief were sent in
merchant vessels.
Third — The co-operation of the Cuban
Parliament in formulating the extent of
the powers to be reserved for the c;r.ual
Government.
Fourth— ln view of the Cuban Parlia
ment not meeting before May 4, the
proclamation of an immediate armistice.
The memorandum proceeds to declare
that the United States has not accepted
these far-reaching concessions and that
the good offices of the Pope have been
equally unavailing. It asserts that the
Maine accident was used by political
parties in America as a means of "hurl
ing most gratuitous and intolerable cal
umnies at the Spanish Government,"
and yet, the document says, Mr. Olney,
in an official note dated April 4, 1896, to
the Spanish Minister in Washington,
expressed very serious apprehensions
lest the only existing bond of union in
Cuba should disappear in the event of
Spain withdrawing from that island.
Mr. olney — as the memorandum ar
gues—feared at that time that a war of
races would ensue, all the more san
guinary in proportion to the experi
ence and discipline acquired during the
insurrection and that two republics
would at once be formed, one white
and the other black, the upshot being
that one of the two would swallow the
other.
The grave view thus taken by Mr.
Olney of the future of Cuba, freed from
Spain's rule, is then enlarged upon and
inevitable racial wars are foreshadow
ed which are certain to wreck the ex
istence of Cuba as a state should Spain
be deprived of sovereignty over the isl
and. Thus, being convinced, as Spain
is, that right and equality are on her
side, she will not and cannot surrender
her sovereignty in Cuba.
THE MINNEAPOLIS
ARRIVES OFF CAPE COD
Its Mission May Be to Go to the
Defense of the Liner City
of Paris.
BOSTON, April 25.— The cruiser
Minneapolis arrived off Cape Cod at
dusk to-night. The cruiser Columbia
is at Newport. It is thought the Gov
ernment has stationed the two 'ia
ers at a convenient point to protect
the Paris on her way from Grand
Banks to New York.
The Paris will pass within a few
hundred miles of Highland Light,
probably on Friday, on her way to
Nantucket Shoal lightship, which she
turns to make her final run of 300
miles to New York. The new cruiser
Topeka is expected off the shoals
about Friday or Saturday, but she
should be able to take care of he,rself
without assistance.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1898.
SPAIN'S FLEET
MUST LEAVE.
"WASHINGTON, April 25.— The
Post to-morrow will say: The
Spanish fleet, which is mobilized
at Cape. Verde Islands, was yes
terday notified by Portugal to
leave St. Vincent.
SPAIN'S FLEET COMING
Contiued From First Page.
cruiser Carlos V. On
April 22 it was reported
that the Princesa de
Asturias, the Don Juan
de Austria and the
Reina Christina were at
Cadiz and that a torpedo
flotilla was in that port
with steam up. There
can hardly be any doubt
that the Carlos V and
the Princesa de Astu
rias, together with the
flotilla which was at
Cadiz, compose the fleet
of which the Pelayo is
the flagship.
SEA BATTLE
WITH SPAIN'S
WAR FLEET
Will Be Met Before II
Can Possibly Reach
Porto Bico,
NEWYORK,ApriI2S.-The
Herald's Washington corre
spondent telegraphs: Offi
cial information received at
the Navy Department this
afternoon is to the effect
that the Spanish fleet at St.
Vincent is fully coaled and
ready to sail. It is presumed
by department officials that
the fleethas received orders
from Madrid and that it will
leave its present position for
one ordered.
In diplomatic circles it is
believed the fleet's depar
ture is in anticipation of the
neutrality proclamation from
Portugal ordering all men-of
war of belligerent powers to
leave Portuguese ports with
in twenty-four hours. It is
officially known in Washing
ton that such a proclamation
is in course of preparation.
For one reason the au
thorities will regret the de
parture of the Spanish fleet
from Cape Verde Islands,
and for another they will be
glad of it. The first reason
is that with the ships at St.
Vincenttheyare alwaysable
to obtain accurate informa
tion concerning their where
abouts, and consequently it
would be a matter of some
anxietyshould theships pro
ceed to the Canary Islands,
from which point it is impos
sible to obtain reliable in
formation concerning the ar
rival or departure of Span
ish ships.
Positive relief will be ex
perienced if it be found that
the ships do not sail in the
direction of the South At
lantic, so as to head off the
battleship Oregon. Should
such action be taken there
is reason to believe that a
counter demonstration will
be made on the Canaries
and on Spain, as a matter of
self-defense. Spain will be
compelled to withdraw her
fleet to her own shores to
provide them with protec-
tion.
It is considered a proba
bility on the part of the au
thorities that Spain will send
the fleet to Porto Rico. That
point has not yet been de
clared ma state of blockade.
It is officially stated to
night that the Portuguese
Government will undoubt
edly issue a proclamation of
neutrality within the next
MYSTERIOUS
MISSION OF
THE COLUMBIA
Cruiser Puts In at Newport and
Receives Orders to Sail flgain
at the Break of Day.
NEW YORK, April 25.— The cruiser Columbia, Captain J. H.
Sands, arrived at Newport, R. 1., at 11:05 o'clock this forenoon and
anchored just back of the torpedo station. She saluted Commodore
Kautz of the naval station and an orderly was sent ashore with dis
patches notifying the Navy Department of her arrival. It was
learned that the Columbia's trip to Newport was entirely unexpected
by naval officers there and that the purpose of the short cruise was
unknown to all aboard except Captain Sands, if indeed it was known
to him.
The Columbia got away from Newport News at about midnight
on Saturday. The Minneapolis, also bound north on a mysterious
mission, had started a half-hour before. Both" were going at nearly
top speed, according to orders. The Columbia gradually drew up and
passed the Minneapolis and after an exciting race left her astern.
Aboard the Columbia they had no idea whatever of the destination
of the Minneapolis.
The Columbia made one of the fastest runs in her history from
Newport News to Newport, using her three screws all the way and
making an average of twenty and a half knots an hour. Better
time would have been made had not fog been encountered yester
day.
Captain Sands had frequent visits made to the telegraph office
during the day and late this afternoon it was learned that orders
had been received for the Columbia to sail at daybreak to-morrow.
Her destination could not be learned.
ST. JOHNS, N. P., April 2,"..— 1t is reported here to-night that a
Spanish warship has been sighted off Bay Bulls, twenty miles south
of St. Johns. She is supposed to be after American fishing vessels
on the Grand Banks. Between sixty and seventy Newfoundland fish
ermen left to-day to enlist in the American navy.
few days. This action on
the part of Portugal is in line
with that adopted by Great
Britain, and it will probably
be followed shortly by all
the powers of Europe, and
also by Japan and China.
THE PRESIDENT
SOS THE WAR
MEASURE
Continued From First Page.
first important battle of the* cam
paign. It is believed that the Cape
Verde squadron will attempt to ef
fect a junction with the Spanish fleet
in Cuban waters within a few days,
and as soon as it has been positively
determined that that fleet is on its
way to Cuba the flying squadron will
be ordered down to reinforce Captain
Sampson, and the American and
Spanish navies will be pitted against
each other in the greatest naval bat
tle of modern times. While it is rec
ognized that accidents are frequently
controlling in naval fights, there is
not a naval officer in Washington
who does not believe the engage
ment will result in a glorious vic
tory for the United States. This will
mean the crippling of the Spanish
fleet to such an extent as to discour
age all hope to which the Spaniards
in Cuba may now be clinging that
aid may be brought to fhe be
leaguered city of Havana before its
garrison 13 starved into subjection.
It seems a foregone conclusion that
Blanco and aids will be forced to
learn from bitter experience the woes
of poor reconcentrados driven from
their peaceful homes and herded with
out food or shelter in the fever
smitten slums of Havana. While
preparations are going forward for
a great naval battle in Cuban waters
Admiral Dewey's squadron in the far
away Pacific is cruising up and down
impatiently awaiting a signal to at
tack the Spanish forces in the Philip
pines. Dewey's fleet has left Hong
kong in compliance with the broad
spirited proclamation of Great Brit
ain denying to the fleets of either
combatant the shelter of her ports.
While even-handed justice is thus
meted out to Spain and to America,
the fullest sympathy of one Anglo-
Saxon country to another has been
extended to us in so unequivocal a
manner as to make it of little conse
quence what the attitude of all the
powers of Europe may be in the anx
ious days to come.
STATE CONVENTION OF
SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENTS.
SACRAMENTO, April 25.-The Conven
tion of School Superintendents was called
to order by State Superintendent Black
at 2 o'clock this afternoon. Mayor Land
delivered an address of welcome, after
which Superintendent Black was elected
president of the convention. John \V.
Uiiscott of Santa Cruz vice-president.
Miss Kate Ames of Napa secretary and
W. R. Stone assistant. The following
committees were appointed by President
Black:
On memorial resolutions— Miss Ames,
Mrs. Wilson. Miss Fox. Mrs. Harrington,
Mrs. Katie L. Donnelly.
On Maine monument— Messrs. Sackett,
Brown and Graves.
On primary and grammar grades-
Messrs. Kirk, Greely and Linnat.
On Mississippi Educational Convention—
Mcsdames Chipman and Sullivan and
Miss Jones.
On Caniinetti bill— Mrs. Wood, McCly
monds, Graham.
After the announcement of the com
mittees the convention adjourned to meet
at 9 o'clock to-morrow.
WOMAN CHOKED BY A
STOCKTON FOOTPAD.
STOCKTON, April 25.— A bold attack
and attempted robbery was made in the
heart of the city this morning. For a
brief period Mrs. John Judge, residing at
S2l East Fremont street, struggled with
an aas,ailanL Mrs. Judge was going to
early mass. She was walking in front of
the Gnekow block, when suddenly Fhe
was seized by the throat from behind.
She struggled and finally reached the
middle of the street, with the fellow still
holding her throat. Mrs. Judge felt that
she must give up, but managed to scream
once or twice for help. George Baldwin
and Fred Mallard were passing near at
the time and heard the woman's cries.
When the thug saw the men coming, he
reloaded his hold on Mrs. Judge's throat
and ran. He went north, then west
through • Fee's stables, and finally was
captured. Officer Craig jail&d the fellow.
He gave the name o£ A. J. Alsup.
MANILLA WILL
BE ATTACKED
BY SATURDAY
Continued From First Page.
cials declare, is the immediate cap
ture or destruction of the Spanish
vessels. After this has been ac
complished it will not be a difficult
matter to secure the fall of Manila,
of Luzon and cf other ports by
simply conducting a blockade such
as the North Atlantic squadron is
doing with reference to Cuban
ports. .
1 understand that Commodore
Dewey's plan of campaign contem
plates the capture or destruction
of the Spanish fleet. As stated in
the Herald this morning there are
six of these craft, none of which
is to be compared to the pro
tected cruisers Baltimore,. Olym
pia, Boston and Raleigh, of the
American squadron.
As Commodore Dewey has not
a large squadron it is anticipated
that he will not have sufficient
vessels to carry on a blockade
which will last any length of time.
He will, however, be able to block
ade the principal ports in which
the Spanish troops are stationed
and the insurgents in the islands
will probably give him assistance
by continuing their land opera
tions. Altogether naval experts
say Commodore Dewey 's task is
the easiest of those which have
been assigned to any flag officer.
Upon but one point are the offi
cials uneasy. This relates to the
continuance of cable communica
tion between Commodore Dewey
and the United States. There is
a Spansh cable line connecting
Hongkong and the Philippines,
and it may be found necessary to
cut the cable in order to prevent
the Spanish forces from cabling to
their government of the condition
of affairs in the island. It is ap
preciated by the authorities that
as Spain can send no reinforce
ments to the East it will do the
Spaniards very little good to know
what is going on in the Far East,
but for prudential reasons it is be
lieved Commodore Dewey should
get the cable under his control as
soon as possible. It is supposed at
the department that he will make
all necessary preparation to cut the
cable and to keep possession of the
end connecting him with Hong
kong, and with an operator on
board his ship he will be able to
communicate with the department
as often as shall be deemed nee-
essary.
The Temerario Yet in Port.
LONDON, April 26.— The Spanish
torpedo boat Temerario, according to
a dispatch to the Daily Mail from
Buenos Ayres, Is still here, waiting
orders.
Death at Cloverdale.
CLOVERDALE, April 23.— D. W. Hall,
one of the oldest citizens of Sonoma
County, passed away at 7:30 o'clock last
evening, after a brief illness, at the age
of So. Mr. Hall came to Yuba County in
1545 and engaged in mining for two years.
He went back to Winconsin in ISSI and
returned with his wife two years later.
He has resided in Cloverdale for the last
forty years.
CHALLENGE TO
GENERAL LEE
A Hot-Headed Spanish
Lieutenant Wants a
Duel.
Sends to Captain Sigsbee Also
an Invitation to Fight
Him.
Resents the Accusation That His
Countrymen Blew Up the
Maine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 25.
Lieutenant Ramon de Carranza of the
Spanish royal navy, until recently
naval attache of the Spanish legation
at Washington, has challenged General
Fitzhugh Lee and Captain Sigsbee of
the Maine to fight duels. The chal
lenges were issued on the night that
the Spanish Minister withdrew from
Washington. Lieutenant de Carranza
had determined upon this course of ac
tion immediately after General Lee and
Captain Sigsbee stated before the Con
gressional committees that, in their be
lief, Spanish naval officers were respon
sible for the blowing up of the Maine.
He made known his purpose to Min
ister Polo, who peremptorily forbade
him issuing the challenge while he was
a member of the legation staff. Lieu
tenant de Carranza persisted that his
official position in no way restricted his
rights as a gentleman to call another
gentleman to account.
It was finally arranged that the is
suance of the challenges should await
the termination of diplomatic relations
between Spain and the United State 3,
whereupon Lieutenant de Carrar.r.a
would be absolved from any restraint
as an official under Minister Polo.
Lieutenant de Carranza's first chal
lenge was sent to General Lee, and it is
rather more lengthy than the one to
Captain Sigsbee. It is more deferen
tial, even courtly in tone, according to
the tenets of dueling, but aside from
the challenge proper, it contains an in
tentional insult to General Lee with
a view to provoking him to an accept
ance.
The letter states that General Lee,
in his testimony before a Congressional
committee, stated that in his judgment
Spanish officials exploded the mine
which blew up the Maine. This, Lieu
tenant de Carranza asserts in
his challenge, is a direct reflection upon
the honor of the naval officers who had
charge of the defenses of Havana.
"Any man who makes such a charge
on belief, and not on proof," the chal
lenge proceeds, "is himself capable of
committing the crime."
He refers to reports that General
Lee will return to Cuba as a major
general, and asks that, before he goes,
he will five the lieutenant the privi
lege of fighting him. The challenge
closes as follows:
"For eight days I shall await your*
answer at the Spanish Consulate in
Toronto."
The challenge to General Lee was
mailed at 6:30 p. m. on the 20th inst.,
as the Spanish Minister and his party
were about to take the train, the State
Department having furnished him his
passports that afternoon. It was
directed to the State Depart
ment, as General Lee had been as
signed from that department. It hap
pened, however that he had gone to
Richmond, so that it is not known
whether he received the letter the fol
lowing morning. Lieut, de Carranza
felt satisfied thay General Lee would
accept the challenge and that a : eet
ing would occur, probably on Can
adian soil.
The challenge to Captain Sigsbee is
substantially the same as that of Gen
eral Lee, but is slightly briefer, owing
to the omission of the phrase relating
to General Lee's return to Cuba as a
major-general. In this challenge, also,
eight days are given during which a
reply may be sent to the Spanish con
sulate at Toronto. The challenge was
sent to the Navy Department. Cap
tain Sigsbee had previously left for
Philadelphia to take command of the
auxiliary cruiser St. Paul, so that the
letter may not have reached him.
Lieutenant de Carranza made known
his purpose of leaving after waiting
eight days, when, if answers had not
been received, he would publish the
challpnges sent to General Lee and
Captain Sigsbee.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HRfiVF PINT
HDUVL UUOI.
»
We are not selling goods below cost to attract attention. We sell at"
small profits. That pleases the people. We sell lots of them every day.
That pleases us. We both buy and sell for cash. That suits everybody
who has cash or needs cash. Our goods are right, our prices are right and
our services are the best we can render our patrons and the public.
BARGAINSTTO WEAR.
L,ndlps' Cnllco "Wrappers on bargain table. .soc
Infants 1 Little Shirts, croam color 5c
Turkish Cnps for Children, not stylish .'. '!'Sc
Ladies 1 Gloves, driving or garden work 50c
Men's Ruck Gloves, light weight. 63c
tfen'a Brown Linen Shirts, closing '37c I
Men's Leather Working Gloves, not buck... 2sc
Men s Heavy Klbbed Shirts or Drawers 46u
Scarlet Underwear, Men's, 32 to 38 . 50c
Men's Summer Suits, in small sizes $1
Fine Cassimere Coats, Doys'. 13 to 20 $150
Men's Heavy Duck Coats, little soiled $1
Girls Strong Shoes, sizes 13 1 » . 50 c
Girls 1 Canvas Shoes, all size 1U ' . 60c
Infants' Every-day Shoes, all size 5 25c
Ladies Fine Dross Shoes, all size 4 Toe
Ladies' Cloth and Kid Lace, sixes 3 3^....50c
Ladies' Heavy Merino Underwear , Ho
Ladles' Fine Muslin Underwear 2oc I
When you buy meats at our delicacy counter you get it as fresh and as
good as we know how to make it, and at leas price than elsewhere. Ask
to see the process Klondike buyers are beginning to learn, that it pays to
visit a flrst-class house where everything kept and sold at the right price
and no short turns taken. "_ ■ '
R2g§KE&y^N^s~. -vi I.- — Sfc^Bßrß ' i in .* \
h The Li vest and Liveliest Store in the City
MRHQ MrW&B/] '^" cnr '' nes terminate here. 7 biji floors bulj^in^.
• L^^Tg>L - ^y/«l^3Sr/ with £oods at retail to consumers everywhere for cash ■
\^WBQj|WWf^9§S^B(Br / only. 44-puge list ready. Send for it. We guarantee
N^^RjgSfWGKJMP^/ oil the £oods we sell. Liberality our motto. The store
that deuls honestly with all the people— all the time..
25=27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
MADE TO KISS
AMERICA'S FLAG
Then a Spanish Sympa
thizer Is Given a
Trouncing.
Insult to the Stars and Stripes
Quickly Avenged at
Phoenix.
Companies Organizing in Arizona to
Repel Raids Across tho
Border.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, April 25.— A mass meet
ing attended by territorial officers and
leading citizens of Phoenix was held
at 10 o'clock this morning in the county
courtroom for the purpose of appoint
ing a committee of safety which will
punish insults to the American flag and
take action on such sporadic cases oC
treason as occasionally appear. Ed
win S. Gill, clerk of the District Court,
acted as chairman of the meeting, and
J. Ernest Walker, a leading real estate
man and chairman of the Young Men's
Democratic Club, was secretary. An
executive committee vf eleven was ap
pointed. Stirring speeches were made
by a number of leading citizens and in
tense enthusiasm prevailed.
A. A. Long, City Tax Collector, was
called upon immediately at the opening
of the meeting to relate. his experience
on Sunday morning. Mr. Long has his
right hand bandaged, having sustained
a fracture of the little finger in tight
ing a Spanish sympathizer with hia
fist.
"On Sunday morning," he said, "I
went to my office on an errand and
found a Spanish sympathizer tearing
down one of the American flags used
In the decoration of the City Hall. Be
fore I could do anything he took the
flag and tore it from the flagstick and
threw the flag on the floor. The action
so enraged me that I picked up the
flag and made the miscreant kiss it,
and then, having nothing else, I used
my fist on him."
The meeting adjourned to allow the
executive committee time in which to
formulate a repci t, and convened again
at 8 o'clock in the evening. The court
room was crowded to suffocation. A
set of resolutions was adopted recom
mending that an enrollment of a com
mittee of safety be made. This com
mittee, it was stated, shall have gen
eral powers delegated to it. People
generally have the utmost confidence
in the Spanish-speaking population of
Phoenix and vicinity, but it is feared
that renegades and outlaws will creep
into the community and commit over.
acts. The possibility of such cbarai ■
ters congregating near the Mexican
line and raiding border towns has
been thoroughly discussed, and is some
what feared. The committee of safety
will take cognizance of such possibili
ties.
A similar meeting was held at Tempe
to-night. Mesa City has already or
ganized what is called a vigilance
committee and companies generally are
being raised throughout the R
Valley.
PALO ALTO, April 23.— There was a
great war demonstration on the cam
pus to-night. The large dining-room
of Encina Hall was turned into a drill
hall, while 250 stalwart students went
through maneuvers under the direction
of Captain Harkins if Menlo Park. Ar
rangements were made f<>r organizing
a Stanford company, the officers or
which will be chosen to-morrow. About
forty students will be enlisted into
Company X of the First Regiment of
San Francisco, under Captain Cunning
ham. Among the volunteers heroes of
the gridiron are in the van. Ex-Cap
tains Fickert, Burnett, Thomas and
Bigelow have already signified their in
tention of offering their services to
the country. President Jordan has ex
pressed a willingness to graduate sen
iors who wish to go to war. Members
of other classes, if called away, will
receive a full term's credit for work.
CARSON, April 25.— Secretary Alger
this afternoon wired to Governor Sad
ler that a troop of 125 cavalry would be
all that would be asked from Nevada,
but later he altered it as follows:
To Hon. Rheinhold Sadler: The Presi
dent has authorized the enlistment of
eighty-five men in your State, good shots
and good riders, to form a company in a
mounted rifle regiment company, officers
to be taken from your section. Can you
give us the men? R. A. ALGER,
Secretary of War.
BUTTER OIL.
If housekeepers understood how very superior
this article is for frying or for salad dressing
tlioy would eagerly call for it. It Is pure.
Wholesome anJ economical— 2V2-pound tin:
6-pound tins 45c.
The Home Dining-room on the sixth floor
of 2.">-:7 Market tarc-ot furnishes the best lunch
or dinner r.t moderate prices to be had in
town. Home-style cooking. 10c up.
Demonstration counter, on first floor. Is a
feature of correct stookkeeplng not found else-
where in town. New goods, nicely cooked and
sampled free. Something different every day.
See to-morrow'a paper for something good
to eal at broke prices, or call arrd find out
how much you can save by buying goods of,
a cash house.CONGRESS
DECLARES
FOR WAR
House and Senate Act
Very Promptly on the
Message.
Approval of the President's
View That Spain Began Hos=
tilities by Giving Wood=
ford His Passports.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 25.
The House to-day passed the Senate
bill declaring the existence of a state
of war between the United States and
the Kingdom of Spain in a manner
■which cannot fail to impress the world.
The representatives of 70,000,000 people
voted for it without a word of debate,
without a dissenting vote and without
a rollcall, but with a solemn apprecia
tion of the gravity of their momen
tous action. It required one minute
and forty-one seconds to accomplish
this. The House was considering an
election case and simply paused to de
clare war. There was no excitement,
no cavil, no word or question. It was
only in the great cheer that went up
(mm the floor and the gallery when
Speaker Reed announced its passage
that the tremendous import of the act
and the suppressed enthusiasm behind
~ shown. After the President's
road the Committee on
mcd the resolution.
About 1 o'clock acting Chairman
tered the House and the news
::iittee had unanimously
agreed upon a bill declaring the exist
state of war was known all
Mr. Adams held hur
ried consultations with the Speaker
and i - and Dinsmore and Berry
of the minority of the committee.
At 1:20 p. m. he asked unanimous
consideration of the bill declaring the
Lence of a state of war between
this ountry and the Kingdom of
Sim in. There was not a murmur of dis-
The bill was read. The House
held its breath.
Magruire (D.) of California arose to
ask •:. but r*-f rained. The
question was put on the third reading
and passage of the bill and in a mag
us the whole House re
: ■•] "Aye." The announcement of
ge was greeted with a round
:,<\ a cheer or tw«i from
and galleries, and then the
resumed consideration of the
TJiere was no excitement.
tired exactly one minute and tor-
Is for the House to pass the
bill. No such iir.nrc \sive action can be
rded i;i the legislative annals of
any country. The Hnuse of Represent -
■ had simply paused in its routine
bus;: 38 a declaration of war.
Maguire explained subsequently that
his | ;n rising was to ask
ther th>- declaration in the bill that
war had existed since April 21 was in
legaiize the seizure of the
Buena Ventura.
Mr. Maguire continued: "I con-
Eider the act and other seizures up
to this time are nothing more than
piracy."
The Wis^-Younjrman election contest
r.ext taken up. Me
sick mad" the opening argument in the
if the claims of
mt Wise.
Burke <i>. > of T.-'xa-s. Tost <R.) of
Virginia and Dp Armond (D.) of Mis
•.■• >>n the election case.
Just prior !•> adjournment Speaker
1 the bill declaring the exi>4
state of war. When the army
mization bill, with th- 1 Senate
ame; any back to the House,
on motion of Hull the amendments
urred in and the bill was
pent to Conference. <"X (D.) of Ten
nessee and Marsh (R.) of Illinois were
appoint*-*! conferees. At 6:lu p. m. the
House adjourned.
WOILD AID IN
A REVOLUTION
Republicans of Spain Of
fer Their Services to
Castelar.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, April 25.— About 20,000 Re
publicans of all shades of opinions sign
ed an address to Senor Castelar, the
Republican k-ader, under the pretext of
congratulating him upon his recovery
from recent sickness, but in reality of
fering him th-ir services if he pro
claims a republic.
oor Castelar has so far made no
reply, but it i certain that he will not
emerge from his retirement from poli
tic. ' h 1:- has not put foot for
th " P ' years, although con
stantly returned, to the Cortes. His
coming si *<* in the Cortes will, it is
said, dispel th- idea that ho is heading
a revolt tion. n the contrary, it is said
■ will, from patriotic mo
i, not oppose the present monarchy.
Benor Castelar's speech will be a
-■'ins past gr.-atness.
It win lam,!,! the "sudden conversion
«'f th- united states Into provokers of
an unju.st war," aid will express keen
disappointments at lhe United Stat-s
"retroceding into the barbarism of
war,' Inasmuch as rh.-- Republican
leader "enthusla tically upheld the
United Siat-s as th. harbinger of uni
versal peace, whose vrr;. ;i <! p , verity
contrasted, with the unreasonableness
of the European powers who maintain
ed armaments for ruinous warfare and
v. ho were continually menacing neace
and civilization. "
Senor Castelar, appreciating the valor
of his countrymen, will predict that the
"quarrel oetween the young and warlike
nation and tho oldest fighting race in
the world will result In th.- traditional
heroism of Spain inflicting severe
chastisement on the prestige and ma
terial interests of the bie: democratic
republic, whose existence and prosper
ity are due to Spanish discovery and
support when America cast off the yoke
of Encland."
Call Office, Rlggs House.
"Washington, April 25.
The Senate to-day passed a bill de
claring that a state of war existed be
tween the United States and Spain.
The bill was in the same language as
that passed by the House.
The debate in the Senate was based
on an amendment offered by Senator
Turpie providing for the recognition of
the belligerent rights of the insurgent
Cubans, the amendment being practi
cally in the following language:
"We hereby recognize the rights of
the Cuban army under General Gomez
to be treated as belligerents, the free
dom and independence of the Cuban
people having heretofore been r&cog
nlzed by act of Congress."
The same amendment had been urged
in the Committee on Foreign Relations
previous to the reporting of the bill to
the Senate and the Indiana Senator
only agreed to the bringing in of the
bill on condition that his amendment
should be presented to the Senate. Both
in committee and In the Senate Turpie
made elaborate arguments in support
of his proposition. He contended that
so long as thi ii.surge;it rights of the
Cubans were unrecognized they couid
only be regarded as subjects of Spain,
and hence urged that our position in
declaring for the recognition of tru
freedom and independence of the Cu
ban people was entirely inconsistent
with our refusal to recognize their bel
ligerent rights. He also repeated his
argument made upon the resolution
providing for the intervention of this
country in the Cuban war, in regard to
the interest of holders of the Spanish
bonds in preventing the recognition of
the rights of the Cuban insurgents.
The roll of the Senate was called upon
this amendment and it was defeated by
a majority of fourteen, the vote stand
ing 24 to 38.
There was also some criticism of the
fact that the bill fixed a date in th>
past when the war had begun. Senator
Pettigrew declared that the 21st was
evidently used in order to make legal
the capture of the lumber vessel, the
Buena Ventura, on that date. He char
acterized this as a small piece of busi
ness for either the administration or
-ress to indulge in. and said that
undt-r the circumstances, if he had been
the President, he would have returned
the ship to its owners. He predicted
that the courts would In the end settle
the claim against us, regardless of this
declaration.
Senator Davis replied briefly to this
point, saying that the date was not
fixed by the capture of the Buena Ven
tura, but by the recognition of the
Spanish Government of a state of war,
as made on the 21st, and as outlined in
the President's message.
Senator White took up the Pettigrew
contention holding that the President
had not indicated any date for the he
ginr.ing of ho- ilities, but that he had
rather shown in his message that he
considered that the negotiations had
hy no means reached the point of hos
tilities. "The President speaks," said
the Sena*ir, "of our reasonable de
mands upon Spain. Did he," he asked,
•t Spain to take the view that
his demands were reasonable when he
had tasked Spain to part with a large
portion of her kingdom and to come up
smiling in view of this polite request?"
Continuing, White said that it was
his purpose to support the administra
tion in all reasonable measures for the
prosecution of the war, but he did not
regard the fixing of this date as in
any sense a response to a Presidential
request.
There was a general plea for speedy
action r>n this bill, and no amendment
was pressed for a change of date. This
motive also actuated Senator Davis to
withdraw an . mc-ndment suggested by
the Committee on Foreign Relations,
directing the President to prosecute the
w r to a successful termination. This
amendment was withdrawn in order to
leave the bill lust as i hn 1 passed the
House, thus dispensing with the neces
sity of a conference, and making it pos
sible to send the bill to the President
to-day.
There was no division on the passage
of the bill.
>\ ar and war measures were the only
topios discussed by the Senate to-day
during more than four hours of its ses'-
Plon. The body had scarcely convened
when the message of the President urg
ing Congress to declare the existence of
war hot ween the United States and Spain
was laid before it. Without comment the
message was referred to the Foreign Re
lations Commitl
Allen of Nebraska introduced the fol
lowing joint resolution, which he asked
to havo referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations:
"That a state of war now exists and
since the 15th <iay of February 1898 has
existed between the United '.States of
America and the kingdom of Spain "
Consideration of the naval appropria
tion bill was then resumed, tho pending
question being upon tho amendment of
fered by Butler of North Carolina to reg
ul.ite the price of armor. The amendment
provides that for the armor for the
three battleships now in course of con
struction the Government shall not pay
to exceed $400 a ton. including the nickoi
and that subsequent contracts for armor
shall not call for a greater price than
$300 a ton. In case the price cannot be
obtained the Secretary of the Navy is
authorized at once to purchase or estab
lish a Government armor factory for
which $1,500,000 is appropriated, and in ad
dition Jl.iXKt.ooo is appropriated lor the
manufacture of the armor.
Uutler strongly advocated the adoption
of the amendment and said the ships of
this country were covered with defective
armor.
Hawley challenged this statement. "I
emphatically deny." said he. "thai there
iK any such amount of <. fective anripron
our war ships as the Senator from North
Carolina declares there is. And even If
the statement were true I leave it to the
country to judge of the propriety of
daunting the defects before Spain."
••While I am i!i entire agreement with
the S'-nator from Connecticut," inter
jected (/handler of New Hampshire, "I
am also satisfied that the Senator (But
ler) is mistaken. Investigation has
Bhown that the tests of the armor were
satisfactory."
Chandler appealed to Hale, chairman
of the Naval Affairs Committee, and the
latter said: "The armor upon our ships
is the best in the world. No European
Government has armor on its ships so
good a.s ourp."
Butler was proceeding to read some
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 189 S.
JUDGE WILLIAM R. DAY of Ohio, Who Succeeds John Sherman as Secretary
o? State.
testimony taken before a committee of
the House relating to defective plates on
various United States war vessels, and
to make sharp comment upon it, when
Hawlty said sharply;
"I must protest against this. I believe
the Senator from North Carolina is out
of order in making those charges here
publicly. If he should put them in writ
ing and transmit them privately to Spain,
pointing out these detective plates, he
would be guilty of treason."
Tillman of South Carolina called atten
tion to the fact that the statements made
by Butler were based on ofiicial reports,
which were easily accessible.
Continuing, Butler adverted to what he
regarded as the "excited" utterances of
the Senator (Hawley), who, he said, had
risen and riung at him charges of treason.
He thought those who were guilty of
treason were those who had refused to
make provision for getting armor at a
reasonable price.
At the conclusion of Butler's speech
Stewart of Nevacia inquired of Hale
whether the naval bill in any way com
mitted the Government to pay $4(K) a ton
for armor for the proposed battle-ships
authorized by the bill.
Hale replied that nothing in the bill
could be construed as committing the
Government to pay any particular price
for armor.
"Does anybody know,' 1 inquired Allen,
"whether the modern battle-ship is a
fighting machine or not?" " ■ ■ ' '«•■;
"It is a great lighting machine," said
Hale, "but its power and efficiency have
never been demonstrated."
Tillman made an extended speech in
favor of the proposed amendment, in tne
course of winch he had a passage at arms
with Chandler, based upon a report made
by the latter favoring a reduction of the
price of armor.
Chandler pointed out that it was im
possible for the Government to secure a
better price than $400 a ton for armor un
til it should enter into a long-time con
tract whereby a certain specilied amount
of armor would be taken each year.
..aie declared that both the Naval Af
fairs and the Appropriations Committees
were opposed to the construction of a
Government armor factory, as they were
thoroughly satisfied it would save neither
time nor money.
Hale then moved to lay the amendment
upon the table, and it was so ordered by
a vote of 36 to 13.
Hale offered an amenament authoriz
ing the Secretary of the Navy to enlist
at any time after the passage of the act
as many seamen, landsmen and boys as
he may deem necessary to man the "ships
of the navy or for use of the navy
as a temporary force, and appropriat
ing $5,530,000 for that purpose. Hale agreed
to an amendment offered by Cockrell of
Jmssuuri that the time limit should be
during the existence of war. The amend
ment was agreed to,, the amendment
making the appropriation immediately
available.
An amendment was also agreed to pro
viding that hereafter all first-class bat
tle-ships and monitors shall be named
after the various States. The bill as
amended was passed.
The bill for bftter organization of the
iine of the army, providing for the three
battalion formation, was called up by
Hawley. The amendments offered by the
committee -were agreed to without di-
Ision.
One of the amendments is an addition
to the provision of section 3 authorizing
the President to accept the «iuotas of
troops of the various States and territor
ies. The committee's amendment re
quires that these Quotas shall be "in
companies, troops and batteries, each to
contain, so far as practicable, the num
ber of enlisted men authorized in this act
for each arm of the service, and battal
ions of not less than three such compa
nies and regiments of not less than ten,
nor more than twelve such companies,
but this proviso-Shall apply to companies,
batteries, battalions and regimental or
ganizations and none other."
Provision is also made for the Increase
of t!io signal corps in time of war, to
the extent of ten corporals. 100 first-class
privates and forty second-class privates,
who are to have the pay and allowance
of engineer troops of the same grade.
An amendment to section 6 gives the
President discretion to employ retired
officers of the army on active duty ex
cept in the command of troops. While
so employed they are to receive the full
pay of their grade.
The bill was placed upon its passage
and passed' within twenty minutes of its
introduction.
At 1:55 p. m. the message clerk of the
House of Representatives informed the
Senate that the House had passed an
act declaring a state of war existing be
tween the United States and Spain. The
message was at once read to the Senate,
and at«2:so p. m. the Senate went into
secret session to consider the resolution
declaring the existence of war.
At 4:37 p. m. the Senate resumed routine
business in open session.
At 4:'>s p. m. the message clerk of the
Houpp announced that the Speaker had
signed the bill declaring the .existence of
war between the t'nitod States and Spain,
and requested the signature of the Vice-
President. .
Within two minutes Vice-President Ho
bart had signed: the act and precisely at
5 o'clock announced his signature. :
A few minutes later another message,
was received from the House announcing
Its disagreement from the Senate amend
ment to the army reorganization bill,
and asking for. a conference.
The conference ..was agreed to, and
Hawley. Proctor and Cockrell were
named' as the Senate conferees..
' A bill was passed to ratify an agree
ment with the Indians of the Fort Ham
ilton reservation In Idaho, and making
appropriations to carry it into effect.
At 5:30 p. m. the ' Senate adjourned.
Guard for Powder Works.
SANTA CRUZ, April 25.— United States
Marshal Barry Baldwin has given the
California Powder Works power to ap
point six deputies to guard the works,
with power to arrest. They are on duty.
It is expected that two companies of the
I'nited States army will be here shortly
to guard the powder works.
FRONTIER TOWNS
IN DANGER OF
BEING RAIDED
Citizens of Nogales Preparing
to Resist Spaniards and In=
dians From Mexico.
NOGALES, Ariz., April 25. — Reports have reached Nogales that a
number of Mexican bandits, Indians and Spaniards are gathering
in -.^is vicinity, and that they intend to attack and sack this
city. Mayor Overtoil has received from Phoenix 100 Spring
field rifles and 2000 rounds of ammunition, and a home guard has
been organized for the protection of the city.
It is reported that seventy-five Papago Indians who recently at
tacked El Plomo, a mining camp in Mexico, but were repulsed by
Mexican troops, are headed this way. As Xogales is situated directly
upon the international boundary dividing the two republics, consider
able trouble is expected at this point. A great number of Spaniards
reside on the Mexican side of the line, and the report is circulated
of a conspiracy to indict damage on Americans.
Spanish merchants and residents of Xogales, Ariz., have taken
out naturalization papers in Mexico, and have applied to Mexican
Consul Mascarenas for protection In case of an attempt to confiscate
their property. The Mexican Government has ordered the Fifteenth
Regiment, infantry, stationed at Torin, Mexico, to proceed to No
gales for patrol duty on the line.
RIGHT TO SEARCH
NEUTRAL VESSELS
Spain Says Its Warships May Detain
Merchantmen to Verify Their
Flag and Examine Cargo.
MADRID, April 2.l.— The official ga
zette to-day published the instructions
of the Spanish Government respecting
the right to search neutral vessels. In
brief, they set forth that warships may
detain merchantmen in any non-neu
tral waters for the purpose of verifying
the authenticity of the flag and for ex
amining the cargo, if the vessel is
bound for a hostile port.
A dispatch from Barcelona says the
canceling of coal contracts by British
firms will lead to a paralysis of the lo
LIEUTENANT JOHN C. FREMONT of the Torpedo-Boat Porter
The First American Officer to Land in Cuba.
cal men. The anti-British feeling,
therefore, is receiving accentuation. A
council of officers has been appointed
to advise the Minister of Marine, Ad
miral Bermejo.
TROUNCED FOR CURSING
THE AMERICAN FLAG.
SALINAS. April 25.— During the pro
gress of Druids' picnic at Toro gTounds
last night a man under the influence
of liquor cursed the American flag and
claimed the people were braggarts and
that Spain would whip the army sent
to Cuba, as well as the navy, easily, and
that he hoped to live to see it. He
was set upon by a member of the pat
riotic organization and severely
trounced, and compelled to retract his
statements.
SECRETARY
SHERMAN
RETIRES
Veteran Statesman Sends
His Resignation to
the President.
Judge Day o? Ohio Will Now
Take Charge of the State
Department, Assisted
by Prof. Moore.
Call Office, Rlggs House.
Washington, April 25.
John Sherman has left the Cabinet
and will be succeeded by his assistant,
Judge Day of Ohio.
The resignation of Sherman was
handed to the President at 12:15
o'clock. It was observed that Secre
tary Sherman remained with the
President a few minutes after the
other members of the Cabinet had left.
The Cabinet session was concluded at
11:30 o'clock, and five minutes later
Secretary Sherman left the room and
was driven at once to the State De
partment.
At about 11:45 the Secretary's mes
senger appeared with the resignation
inclosed in a large white official enve
lope. As the President had steppedout
for a few minutes' walk, themessenger
returned to the State Department. Only
a moment later the President returned
and the State Department was so ad
vised. At 12:15 the messenger again
appeared with the resignation, anl it
was taken to the President in the
Cabinet room. It was formally ac
cepted this afternoon.
The Secretary's letter is very brief,
occupying but a few lines, tenderinghis
resignation to take effect at as early
a date as will suit the President's con
venience.
It was not announced when Secre
tary Sherman's resignation would
take effect, the Secretary having
yielded his original idea of leaving at
once, and it is presumed that he will
remain until Judge Day qualifies as
his successor. The selection of John
B. Moore of New York, who is now
Professo r of International Law at
Columbia University, New York, to
succeed the latter, was warmly wel
comed by all of the State Department
employes. Appointed originally from
Delaware in the State Department by
Mr. Bayard, when the latter was Sec
retary. Mr. Moore, by sheer merit and
ability, worked his way up to the
place of Second Assistant Secretary,
and in that capacity he served under
several administrations without poli
tical changes. He resigned his place
in the State Department to accept the
chair of international law at Columbia
University, about three years ago, ajid
it is believed that this present ap
pointment is only temporary, owing to
his indisposition to permanently sever
his connection with Columbia. Moore
is an authority on certain branches of
international law. and his selection
will do much to strengthen the State
Department in the present emergency.
CANTON, 0., April 25.— Judge Day
reached Canton at 10:25 a. m. to-day.
He looked in g<V;d health. A corre
spondent informed him of the resigna
tion of Secretary Sherman. When
asked if he would accept the vacant
place, he replied simply: "I will take
the matter under consideration."
Whiie Judge Day declined to talk
for publication, it can be said as a
fact that under existing circumstances
Judge Day will accept the Secretary
ship if the President nominates him
and the Senate takes favorable action.
Judge Day made a great business sac
rifice when he accepted the place of
Assistant Secretary of State. He has
not felt that he could afford to take a
Cabinet portfolio, but under present
circumstances it is not believed that
he feels that he ought to decline.
ALFONSO XII STARTS
BACK TO SPAIN
Leaves Her Troops at San Juan and
at Once Departs for Cadiz.
Copyrighted. IS?S. by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. THOMAS. D. W. L, April 2o —
The Spanish steamer Alfonso XII.
which stopped at this port on April 24
to find out the condition of affairs be
fore leaving for Havana and Porto
Rico, and which proceeded to her des
tination on the same date, arrived safe
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OBBBaBBBBBBBBBBaaaBaaBBBaaaBBBBBBBBiia
« ' ' jii. j~ __ a
JOYFUL MANHOOD. I
o 3
g /CS&. Ja\ Self-Confideuce, a Clear and Haiy «
o \\ Mind, a Magnetic Personality. »
o■' w| ]\^ Strong Mind and Body. a
Of mM? _^A\ \\  L r ,\ iiO
° Wiifr^- "*^ J^^^\.^J *^ 0 re g re s f° r the p as^ an o
c X no wea^ ness ma^ e y ou f ee ' &
& Wf\ "t***T^^^^» as '^ life is a burden. Good a
o W V*h , j d^^?£/' health in every respect is yours **
o I Kf l^^Wi^^' if y° keep up your nerve force. o-
? men * >' ou can re p' ace •* by £
S «T s *'\w.^^^^^B B^ usin g tne f amous I'fe-renewer, q
a W' Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. $
a' '■ . • : . - - '■•• a
a ■■"■■"THREE 'CLASSES -OF MEN" a
J Is a little book that . tells how manly strength, may be restored. Call ®
2 and get it at the office, or it is sent by mail, closely sealed, free. Call g
0 or address ' g
g SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., — .; -.„.: — * g
£ 632 Market Street. San Francisco. .S5OOO REWARD "
ri NOTE— Make no mistake In the number-; Will be paid for one of - «
« 632 MARKET STREET. c ' . _ thes e Belts which falls a
rt Office hours, Sa.m.to 8 p. m.: Sundays. 10 to generate a current of ff.
" to l. Branches at Lns Angeles, tai.. 204* to generate a current of Q
a South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washinjrton- , Electricity. ri
m street: Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; . _^ - _^ W
w Dallas. Tex.. 253 Main ttreet. *— - ~~: ~ T'V'C
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaoaaaaaaaaaaao
ly at San Juan, Porto Rico. The condi
tion of affairs in Cuban waters was
such that she left her troops at San
Juan and this afternoon sailed for Ca»*
diz. She carried back fourteen sick
Cuban soldiers and the mails, together
with a full passenger list. They were
mostly Cubans who had gone to Porto
Rico, but, learning that they were not
safe from bombardment on the Island,
took the steamer back to Cadiz.
ROOSEVELT TO
LEAD COWBOYS
Is Appointed Lieutenant-
Colonel of Mounted
Riflemen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, April 25.
It has been understood for some time
past that Assistant Secretary Roose
velt of the Navy Department would
soon retire in order to enter the mili
tary service in the Cuban campaign.
This story can now be confirmed posi
tively, although the time set for Mr.
Roosevelt's departure from the depart
ment is not definitely fixed. The Presi
dent to-day named Mr. Roosevelt as
lieutenant-colonel of one of the regi
ments of mounted riflemen to be raised
in the Rocky Mountains, under Colonel
Wood, whom Mr. Roosevelt has urged
for the place.
Colonel Wood is now Dr. Wood of the*
army. He won a medal for distin
guished gallantry while commanding a
detachment of regular troops during
the exceedingly hard Apache campaigns
against Geronimo. Secretary Aiger se
lected Colonel Wood and Mr. Roose
velt for these positions because he felt
that their training a^id experience in
the past peculiarly fitted them to do
g'M)<i service with a cowboy regiment.
Colonel Wood starts west to-morrow
to superintend the recruiting, many of
fers having ai ready come to Mr. Roose
velt from individuals and organizations
among the cowboys. Secretary Long
wishes Mr. Roosevelt to remain in his
present position as long as possible, so
it may be two or three weeks before
be will join his command.
The President and both secretaries
have regretted Mr. Roosevelt leaving
his present position, but they feel that
in a regiment of this character he can
do good service and should be allowed
to go, though if possible they wish him
to remain until the regiment is organ
ized and ready to take part in the in
vasion of Cuba. Before that, how
ever, he may have to leave for short
periods to superintend the enlistments.
So far the talk of a successor to Mr.
Roosevelt as Assistant Secretary has
been mere speculation, and it can be
slated positively that up to this time
the President has not made a choice of
his successor. It may Be stated. In
view of the recent mention of the name
of Admiral Walker in that connection
that as it stands the law requires the
office of Assistant Secretary to be filled
by a civilian, so that if the admiral de
sires to accept the office he would bo
under the painful necessity of resign
ing from the navy and losing his place
as a retired officer, which he is not
likely to do^
Thompson's Speedy Knockout.
LOS ANGELES, April 25.— 80b Thomp
son, colored, of Salt Lake, knocked out
Red Phillips at Illinois Hall to-night la
one and one-half rounds.
34
CALLS FOR
THE QUOTAS
OF TROOPS
Number of Volunteers to
Be Furnished by Each
State and Territory.
California Will Send to the Front
Two Regiments of Infantry,
Two Battalions and Four
Heavy Batteries.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
"Washington, April 25.
The War Department has issued a
call on the States for their quotas of
troops under the call for 125,000 men.
The following are the quotas:
Alabama — Two regiments of infantry
and one battajion; 2800 men.
Arkansas — Two regiments of infan
try; 2400 men.
California — Two regiments of Infan
try, two battalions and four heavy bat
teries; 3SOO men. .
Colorado— One regiment of Infantry
and one light battery; 1300 men.
Connecticut — One regiment of infan
try, one light battery ajid two heavy
batteries; 1500 men.
Delaware — One regiment of infantry;
1200 men.
Florida — One regiment of infantry;
1200 men.
Georgia — Two regiments of infantry
and two light batteries; 2600 men.
Illinois — Seven regiments of infantry
and one regiment of cavalry; 9600 men.
Indiana — Four regiments of infantry
and two light batteries; 6000 men.
In wa— Three 'psriments of Infantry
and two light batteries; 3800 men.
Kansas — Three regi.ients of infantry;
3600 men.
Kentucky — Three regiments of infan
try and two troops of cavalry; 3SOO men.
Louisiana — Two regiments of infan
try; 2400 nien.
Maine — One regiment of infantry and
two heavy batteries; 1400 men.
Maryland— i me regiment of infantry
and four heavy batteries; 16uO men.
Massachusetts — Four regiments of in
fantry and three heavy batteries; 5100
men.
Michigan — Four regiments of infan
try; 4SuU men.
Minnesota — Three regiments of infan
try ; 3600 men.
Mississippi — Two regiments of infan
try; IMoO men.
Missouri — Five regiments of infantry
and one lieht battery; 6100 men.
Montana — One regiment of infantry;
1200 men.
Nebraska — .Two regiments, of Infan
try; 24 w men.
Now Hanii'shire — One regiment of in
fantry; 1200 men.
New Jersey — Three regiments of in
fantry: r;tsnOr ;tsnO men.
New Y'>rk — Twelve regiments of in
fantry and two troops of cavalry; 14,600
men.
North Carolina — Two regiments of in
fantry and one heavy battery; 2500 men*
Ohio — Six regiments of infantry, four
light batteries and two squadrons of
cavalry; S4OO men.
Oregon — One regiment of infantry*'.
1200 men.
Pennsylvania — Eleven regiments In
fantry and four heavy batteries; 13,600
men.
Rhode Island — One regiment infan
try; 1200 men.
South Carolina — One regiment Infan
try, one battalion and one heavy bat
tery; 1700 men. ;
Tennessee regiments infan
try; 3600 men.
— Three regiments infantry and
one regiment cavalry; 4SOO men. -v
Utah — One ■ troop cavalry and two
light batteries; 300 men:
Vermont — One regiment infantry;
1200 men. /•/
Virgina — regiments infantry;
8600 men.
Washington — regiment infantry;
1200 men.
West Virginia— regiment infan
try; 1200 men.
Wisconsin— Three regiments infantry;
3600 men.
Wyoming — One battalion and one
troop cavalry; 500 men.
District of Columbia— battalion;
•400 men.
North Dakota — troops cavalry;
800 men.
South Dakota— Seven troops cavalry;
700 men.
Idaho — Two troops cavalry; 200 men.
Nevada— One troop cavalry; 100 men.
Arizona — Two troops cavalry; 200
men.
• New Mexico — Four troops cavalry;
400 men.
- Oklahoma — One troop cavalry; 100
men.
The rendezvous for the troops to be
mustered In the service of the volun
teer army In the various States and
Territories has been designated by Sec
retary Alger as follows:
Alabama— Mobile.
Arkansas— Little Rock.
California— San Francisco.
Colorado— Denver. -.•■..;
Connecticut— Nian tic.
Wilmington.
Florida— Tampa.
Georgia— At nta.
■ Idaho— Pendleton.
IlUnols— Springfield.
Indiana— Evansvllle.
lowa— Davenport.
— Kansas City.
Kentucky — Louisville.
Louisiana — New Orleans.
Maine — Portland. . •
Maryland— Baltimore.
Massachusetts— Springfield.
.Michigan— Detroit.
. Minnesota— Lacrosse.
Mississippi— Jackson.
Missouri— St. l^ouls.
 Montana— Helena.
Nebraska—
Nevada— Reno.
New Hampshire— Concord.
New Jersey— City.
New York— Peeksklll.
North Carolina— Raleigh. ■•■:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Few people know the
comfort and beauty of
perfect natural skin.
Have you used Pears'
soap?
North Dakota— Fargo.
Ohio— Columbus.
Oregon— Portland. . .
. Pennsylvania— Mount Gretna.
Rhode Island— Providence.
South Carolina— Charleston.
South Dakota— Huron.
Tennessee— Nashville.
Texas— rHouston.
I'tah— Ogden;
Vermont— Burlington.
Virginia— Richmond.
Washington— Tacoma.
West Virginia— Martinstmrg.,
Wisconsin— Milwaukee.
Wyoming — < Jheyenne.
Arizona— Phoenix.
New Mexico— Albuquerque.
Oklahoma— Oklahoma City.
District of Columbia— Washington.
For the purpose of recruiting for the
volunteer as well as the regular army
the department will designate in each
State and Territory several cities where
recruiting under the direction of army
officers will be carried on. The Hull
bill, which it is expected -will become
a law to-morrow, will provide for the
increase of the regular army on a war
footing to about 60.000 men. In addi
tion to these recruiting stations it Is
expected the War Department will des
ignate boards of army officers who will
go from place to place in each State
engaged in recruiting duty.
DECIDES AGAINST THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Judge Ross Renders an Opinion in a
Land Case Brought by the
Government.
LOS ANGELES, April 25.— An opinion
was rendered by Judge Ross In the
United States Circuit Court to-day in the
case of the United States against the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company. D.
O. Mills and Gerrit L. Lansing trustees,
and the Central Trust Company of New
York. The opinion in brief sets forth as
follows-:
"The main purpose -of the bill in suit is
to obtain a decree quieting, as against
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
and its mortgagees, the complainants' al
leged title, to all of the odd numbered sec
tions of land In Oa-iifornia within the in-,
demnity as well as primary limits of the
grant made by Congress to the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company of date
of July 2. ISO"), with the exception of cer
tain specified sub-divisions involved In
previous litigation between the parties."
The opinion recites thrjt the title to
this land was fully se'tied by the opin
ions fif cases in this court and in the
United States Supreme: Court, which de
termined that the company, by its grants
had acquired no title to any of t"he sec
tions made the i.s«V:r. within the bounds
of the grant in question.
PROGRESS OF WORK ON
THE SUGAR FACTORY.
Steel Framework for the Monster
Building at Spreckels Practi-
cally Completed.
SALINAS. April 25.— Work on the steel
frame of the main factory building at
Spreckels was reported practically com- !
pleted this morning by Superintendent G. I
R. Field, on behalf of the Risdon Iron i
Works. The San Francisco Bridge Com- j
pany has completed its contract with the
Iron Works, and the building is nearly I
inclosed on the north side. Work on the
pipe line from the pump on the opposite
side of the river will commence in six or
eight days, when a new bridge over the
river will be in a state of completion to
receive it. The factory will be fully com
pleted and ready for crushing beets for
this season. ■ ...
GORED AND TRAMPLED
Br AN ENRAGED BULL
Choreboy on a Monterey County
Ranch Receives Probably Fatal
Injuries.
SALINAS, April 25.— Newton Peterson,
a boy of 16, working on a ranch near
Alisal, went out last night to drive cattle
home.. He angered a large bull, which
made a desperate attack upon him. hook
ing him behind the left ear, the horn
tearing off the scalp for six inches and
penetrating the brain. Pelerson was also
badly injured on the body. There is not
a place as large as a man's hand where
the bull had not struck him. Peterson
was not found until three hours subse
quent to the attack. He was then, and
still is, . unconscious, and bleeding from
the mouth and nose. His condition Is
very dangerous.
Mixed Politics In Salinas.
SALINAS, April 25.— A third election
contest is to be brought here. Papers will
be filed to-morrow in the case of F. R.
.Toy against J. Ayers. who was elected
Councilman of the Third Ward by a
majority of fifty-two, if Francee's friends
can pet some one to sign the petition.
Joy snys he was defeated fairly and does
not desire the contest, but is being forced
into It against his will.
New Church for Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRT T Z, April 25.— At a meeting
hold by the members of the Christian
Church (Rev. R. L. McHalton. pastor) it
was decided to immediately commence
the erection of a new church on the lot
on Lincoln street. The building now
being used as a place of worship will be
moved to the rear of thf> lot and will be
utilized for Sunday-school rooms.
San Jose Council Meets.
SAN JOSE, April 25.— The City Council
this evening passed a resolution calling
upon the people of the city to show their
patriotism in view of the war with Spain,
by displaying national flags and emblems
from places of business and residences. A
resolution of respect to the memory of
the late Judge F. E. Spencer was adopted.
Various committees were named by
Mayor Martin, and the time of future
meetings changed from Monday evening
to Monday afternoon.
Fires Near Petaluma.
PETALUMA, April 25.— The residence of
James Robinson, near Bloomfleld, sixteen
miles west of this city, was destroyed by
fire to-day. The loss Is $2000. The store
and residence of Mr. and Mrs. Judson
Carleton, at Corona Station, three miles
north of Petaluma, were destroyed by fire
last night. Loss, $3000; insurance, $2000.
Boy and Girl Married.
Joseph Kode and 1 Elizabeth Griffiths of
Stewartsville, Contra Costa County, were
married by Justice of the Peace Barry
yesterday, and the charge against Rodo
was dismissed by Judge Low, Rode is
19 years of a£C and the girl 17.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 2G, 1898.
PLANS COMPLETED
FOR THE INVASION
OF THE ISLAND
CHATTANOOGA, April 25.— 1t is rumored hereto-night that General
Brooke has been ordered to get about 4000 men in readiness for use in
the contemplated seizure of two or three small Cuban ports in order to
establish communication with Gomez and Garcia.
NEW YORK, April 25.— The Washington correspondent of the Herald sends the following: Having practi
cally completed, so far as existing conditions will admit, offensive and defensive plans of the campaign against
Spain, the administration will now reiy upon the army and navy to carry them to a successful conclusion. Fif
teen thousand men will be landed at a port in the immediate vicinity of Havana as soon as the proper time comes
for the seizure of the city by the navy. In anticipation of orders from the department to seize the. point selected,
1 understand, Rear Admiral Sampson is making arrangements to institute a more rigid blockade and to place
within striking distance a force able to cover the landing of the two regiments of marines, which will be the first
American troops to land on Cuban soil. Once the navy is in possession of the point of attack, transports con
voyed by men-of-war will carry troops to Cuba and land them. These troops will hold the captured portsand will
supply General Gomez and his followers with an ample quantity of arms and ammunition, and the insurgents
are expected to then begin an active land campaign against General Blanco's forces.
It was in line with the navy's plan of campaign that the Columbia and Minneapolis put to sea on Saturday
from Hampton Roads. As the Herald stated this morning, their commission is of a roving character. They are
directed to proceed to sea on the lookout for Spanish men-of-war and privateers which Spain has officially
called auxiliary cruisers, and for any Spanish merchantmen which they may happen to meet. It is not expected
that they will remain on the New England coast for any length of time, but. will go to sea, dropping in at ports
alonr the coast at frequent intervals so as to be ready to join the flying squadron the moment the department
deems such action necessary. It was stated by an official with whom I talked today that the movements of the
squadron would depend upon the movements of the Spanish tleet now at St. Vincent. As soon as the department
has information of the coming of the Spanish force, I understand, it is proposed to collect the battleships and
armored cruisers of the North Atlantic squadron and of the flying squadron and to station them at a point be
tween Hampton Roads and Key West, so that they will be able to strike at Havana or at a Northern port, where
ever, in fact, the fleet may make its appearance. The smaller cruisers, gunboats and auxiliary cruisers will be
left in Cuban waters to maintain the blockade of the ports of the island.
Information obtained to-night shows that no irr.nediate bombardment of Havana Is contemplated, but the point
which will be first attacked will be that selected as the base of operations for the army. Genejal Shafter is now on
his way to Washington to confer with General Miles and ecretary Alger regarding th- f-peditioji which he will
lead to Cuta as soon as the fleet under Rear Admiral Sampson shall have opened the way for an effective land
ing. General Shafter will arrive in Washington to-morrow or the next day and after this important conference
will waste no time in returning to the gulf, where he will hold his command in readiness to obey the order, when
it shall come, to land an invading army in Cuba.
The plan of the War Department which will be disclosed to General Shafter is to land an effective force
of 15,000 regular troops at a port without the trocha and distribute arms and supplies to the insurgents under
General Gomez. Several commissaries and their employes will accompany this force and will relieve in every way
possible the starving reconcentrados.
Troops will land at a point in the vicinity of Havana and the expedition is expected to be underway early
next week. The 15,000 men to compose this command will be taken from the infantry regiments in Tampa, New-
Orleans and Mobile, and the regiment of light artillery commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Lancaster, now with
General Brooke's command in Chickamauga. These regiments will be organized into three brigades under com
mand of Brigadier General Wade and the two senior colonels, of the army with the forces on the gulf, Colonels Mel
ville A. Cochran and James A. Van Buren.
GENERAL SHAFTER
NOW IN COMMAND
AT NEW ORLEANS
NEW ORLEANS, April 25.— New Or
leans is rapidly assuming the aspect of
military warfare. Brigadier-General
"William R. Shafter, commander of the
Department of California, arrived
to-day from San Francisco with his
staff of six officers and immediately as
sumed command of the New Orleans
division of the army of the Gulf. The
general's headquarters were established
in the St. Charles Hotel. His staff
consists of Colonel J. B. Babcock, ad
jutant-general; Colonel Charles P. Ea
gan, chief commissary of the depart
ment; Major Stephen W. Groesbeek,
judge-advocate; Lieutenant Frank
Greene, chief signal officer; Lieutenant
R. H. Noble and J. D. Miley, chief
aides.
At noon General Shafter received a
message from Washington calling him
to the capital for consultation with the.
War Department. He will leave to
morrow. This probably means some
important changes of the movements of
this wing of the army.
General Shafter viewed the troops at
the fair grounds during the day and
MADRID TOOK
THE INITIATIVE
Was the First to Break
Off Diplomatic Ne
gotiations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
"Washington, April 25.
The President's message recommend
ing a declaration of war was accompa
nied by ten or fifteen telegrams and
notes that passed between the govern
ments of Spain and the United States,
mainly through Minister Woodford, but
partly through Minister Polo de Ber
nabe. It is believed these papers clear
ly established the position of this Gov
ernment that Spain has recognized the
existence of a state of war. In the
correspondence accompanying the Pres
ident's message was the following tele
gram, sent on April 21, 1898, by Min
ister Woodford to Secretary Sherman:
Following is the text of ray reply to the
official note received this morning at 7:30
o'clock from the Spanish Minister of
State:
"I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt this morning of your note of this
date informing me that the Spanish Min
ister at Washington has been ordered to
withdraw with all his legation without
loss of time from North American terri
tory. You also inform me that by this act
diplomatic relations between the two
countries are broken off; that all official
communication between their respective
representatives cease. I have, accord
ingly, this day telegraphed the American
Consul-General at Barcelona to instruct
all the Consuls of the United States in
Spain to turn their respective consulates
over to the British Consuls and to leave
Spain at once. I have myself turned this
legation over to her Britannic Majesty's
Ambassador at Madrid. The embassy
will, from this time, have the care of all
American interests in Spain. I now re
quest passports and a safe conduct to
the French frontier for myself and the
fiersonnel of this legation. 1 intend leav
ng this afternoon at 4 o'clock for Paris.
"WOODFORD."
A cablegram from Mr. Woodford to
Mr. Sherman gives the substance of
the Spanish note, as follows:
UNITED STATES LEGATION, MA
DRID, April 21.— Following is the text of
the official note received at 7:30 o'clock
from the Spanish Minister of State:
"In compliance with a painful duty. I
have the honor to inform your excellency
that the President having approved a
resolution of both chambers of the United
States, which, in denying the legitimate
sovereignty of Spain and threatening an
Immediate armed intervention in Cuba
is equivalent to an evident declaration of
war, the Government of his Majesty has
ordered its Minister in Washington to
withdraw without loss of time from the
North American territory with all the
personnel of the legation. By this act
spent several hours in consultation with
Inspector-General H. W. Lawton, and
Colonel J. W. Sully, quartermaster.
. Owing to the wreck on the Southern
Pacific near El Paso, Texas, in which
two cars of the third section carrying
the First Regiment of Infantry from
the Presidio, California, were derailed
and wagons scattered all over the prai
rie, the arrival here of the First Reg
iment has been delayed twenty-four
hours. It will get in to-morrow night,
being due in Houston to-morrow at 10
o'clock a. rii." Genern.l Shafter and his
staff are considerably worried over this
delay. The First Regiment is beina:
carried on these special trains and at 4
o'clock this afternoon had arrived at
Del Rio, Texas, which is 160. miles west
of San Antonio.
Two batteries of the Third Artillery
from San Francisco, occupying twenty
four cars and made up of eight officers
and 164 men, were landed at Morgan
Ferry station to-night at 9 o'clock. This
was a very heavy train and consisted
of seven combination cars, filled with
horses, one car of harness, two flatcars
of guns, two boxcars of rations, one
fruitcar of baggage, one sleeper and
seven second-class coaches.
the diplomatic relations which previously
existed between the two countries are
broken, off. all official communication be
tween their respective representatives
censing, and 1 hasten to communicate
this to your excellency in order that on
your part you may make such disposition
as seems suitable. I beg your excellency
to kindly acknowledge receipt of this
note and I ask it myself, etc."
WOODFORD.
Other correspondence is as follows:
On April 14 Secretary Sherman noti
fied Mr. Wood ford of the passage in the
House the previous day of the Cuban
resolutions and of the reporting to the
Senate of the resolutions from the For
eign Relations Committee. On that
day Secretary Sherman wired:
Ultimate resolution in conference can
not now be forecasted, but will doubtless
direct intervention by force if need be. to
secure free Cuba. The situation is moat
critical.
On April 20 Secretary Sherman tele
graphed Mr. Woodford the ultimatum
heretofore published. On the same
date Secretary Sherman sent the fol
lowing to the Spanish Minister:
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 20.
Sir: I have the honor to communicate
to you a copy of an instruction sent this
day to the United States Minister at Ma
drid, by telegraph, In obedience to a joint
resolution of the Congress of the United
States of America, in relation to the pa
cification of the Island of Cuba, approved
this date, of which a copy is hereto an
nexed. I avail myself of this opportuni
ty to repeat to you the assurances of my
highest consideration.
JOHN SHERMAN.
On April 20 Secretary Sherman wired
Minister Woodford the following:
Senor Polo de Bemabe, Spanish Minis
ter to the United States, upon being in
formed shortly before noon to-day of the
action of this Government, taken in pur
suance of the resolution of Congress on
April 19. IS9S. has asked for his passports
for himself, his family and suite. They
have been handed him with assurances
of safely while within the territory of the
United States. Unless previously handed
your passports, you will be expected to
remain near the court or Spain until Sat
urday noon of this week, and unless by
that date and hour some communication
is received from the Government of Spain
which you deem will be satisfactory to
this Government, you are to ask for your
passports and safe conduct.
SHERMAN.
At 9 o'clock on the following day Mr.
Woodford sent his reply to Secretary
Sherman, already published, announc
ing the action of the Spanish Govern
ment before he had communicated the
ultimatum.
With the correspondence are the two
proclamations of President McKinley,
one foi- the blockade of Cuban ports
and the other calling for 125,000 volun
teers.
ROBBEftS ATTACK CHINESE.
They Tie Them to a Fence With
Their Queues.
Two Chinese, one of them giving the
name of Kow Tow. reported to the police
last evening that they had been held up
by a gang of rough looking characters
while driving along Mission road early
in the evening. After they had received
a severe beating at the hands of tho
highwaymen they were robbod and af
terward tied to a neighboring fence by
their queues. They were found in this
condition by a gardener in the neighbor
hood, who advised them to report tho
matter to the police. Detectives have
been detailed on the case.
The Arizona cavalry lrom Fort Hua
chuca, Arizona, filling twenty carfe ....d
making up a special train, wem
brought in at noon over the Southern
Pacific. They left immediately for
Chickamauga. Just after daylight this,
morning Battery K. Light Artillery,
from Galveston was hurried through to
Chickamauga. There were eight offi
cers and 164 men.
Major Quinn issued an official circu
lar to-da-<' announcing that submarine
mines had been placed in the Missis
sippi River and that, no vessel would
be allowed to pass Forts Jackson and
St. Phillip between the hours of sun
set and sunrise. During these hours
vessels must not approach within three
miles of the forts. This announcement
is equivalent to the closing of all water
communication with New Orleans, and
the city is now under military defenso.
The mules and horses taken from the
Spanish steamer Miguel Jover before
sailing from this port were sold at pub
lic auction to-day. Collector Wilker
son, although he took no official action,
believed to the last that this stock was
the property of the Spanish and that it
was really entitled to confiscation by
the. United States Government.
COAL FAMINE
IS PREDICTED
San Francisco May Find
, Itself Short on
Fuel.
SEATTLE, April 25.— C0al and wheat
are closely linked in the present war
emergency, and the effect will send
prices skyward. As California has
shipped her wheat to England she is
looking to the several millions of bush
els stored in the elevators in Washing
ton State to supply her trade. There
is also a heavy demand here for ex
port to the Orient and an equally strong
desire on the part of millers for our
wheat. All this has a tendency to ran
up the prices.
A rise in price of coal is more than
a possibility, and should coal be de
clared a contraband of war, subject to
seizure in neutral bottoms, the situa
tion could not fail to be an interesting
one. San Francisco has purchased its
coal in England, Scotland, Wales and
Australia and its American coal has
been sent largely from Puget Sound,
with a modicum from Coos Bay. The
Welsh miners struck on April 9 and a
threatened strike among the Australian
coal miners complicates the situation.
There can hardly fail to be a coal fam
ine in San Francisco.
C. J. Smith, general manager of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, has
received reliable advices from San
Francisco that there would be a short
age. There is a scarcity of coal in
Chinese and Japanese waters and this
condition has raised freight rates in
some cases 25 shillings. This will have
the effect of diverting Australian car
goes to China and Japan instead of
bringing them to Sa:i Francisco, and in
this the association of coal and wheat
is again brought out.
English bottoms with general cargoes
have sailed for the far east. From
China and Japan they have gone light
or in ballast to Australia, At Australia
they have taken coal cargoes for San
Francisco and after discharging at the
last named port they have chartered
for the United Kingdom in wheat.
The diversion of coal carrying from
Australia to San Francisco to the bet
ter paying voyages of Australia to
China and Japan will create a scarcity
of Australian coal in California and a
consequent increase in the demand for
other coal to supply the deficiency.
Mr. Smith said that the present out
put of coal from the Newcastle and
Franklin mines of the Pacific Coast
Company was about 30.000 tons a
month. Speculators had approached
him. asking for options on coal, which
he had refused.
FIFTY NEW
GENERALS TO
BE CHOSEN
Veteran Leaders Will Be
Commissioned by the
President.
Men Whose Names Already Figure
in History Who Will Command
Brigades and Army Corps
of Volunteers.
NEW YORK, April 25.— A Washing- :
ton special to the Herald says: Ten I
major-generals and forty brigadier- ;
generals will be appointed by the Pres- !
ident to command the brigades, divis- j
ions and corps into which the volunteer j
army of 125,000 men is to be organ
ized. Applications and recommenda
tions for these positions have kept the
War Department busy since the an
nouncement of the call by the Presi
dent's proclamation. President Me- j
Kinley will send to the Senate at an
early date the appointments of brigade,
division and corps officers to be as
signed to the volunteer forces. There
will be, when the organization of regu
lars and militia is completed, four army
corps of 40,000 men each, and the ap
pointments to command these corps
will be the most important at the Pres
ident's disposal.
General Greenville M. Dodge will re
ceive one of these appointments. The !
New York volunteers, probably under '
Major-General Roe, will constitute one
of the divisions of his command. Gen
eral Fitzhugh Lee will command a cor
responding organization, which will
include the troops to be raised in the
Southern States. The other corps com- |
manders will probably be selected from !
the senior brigadier-generals from the
regular army.
It is presumed that Brigadier-Gen- |
erals Shafter, Wade and Coppinger are |
amcmg those selected for the advance
ment to the rank of major-general of i
volunteers, as they have already com- ■
mands commensurate with that rank.
General Elwell S. Otis, whose tour of I
court-martial duty is completed to-day, [
is the ranking brigadier-general in the i
regular army, and is considered the !
most eligible for a corps commander.
Officers c-f the regular army whose
names have been recommended by Sec- j
retary Alger or the Governors of States
for the rank of brigadier-general in the
militia are: Colonels Carpenter, Fifth
Cavalry; Anderson, Fourteenth Infan
thry; Rogers, Fifth Artillery; Lawton I
and Chaffee, inspector-general's de
partment; Ludlow, engineers'; Davis, j
Fourteenth Infantry; Henry, Tenth
Cavalry; rich wan, Gilmore and Mac- |
arthur, adjutant-general's department; !
Sumner, Sixth Cavalry.
The quotas of Arizona, Idaho, Wyom- j
ing, Utah, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Ne- j
vada, the Dakotas and Montana will
be formed into two regiments of cow- j
boy cavalry. One of these will be com
manded by the president's physician,
Dr. Leonard Wood, a captain in the
medical corps of the army. Tneodore
Roosevelt will serve as the lieutenant
colonel of this regiment. The com
mand of the other regiment of "rang
ers," as they are to be called, Is to be
tendered to Colonel Torrey of Wyom
ing, at one time a captain in the reg-
ular army.
Captain Charles King, formerly an
officer in the army, and better known
as a novelist, was in consultation with
Generals Miles and Corbin at the War
Department this afternoon. It is un
derstood that Captain King will be the
brigadier-general of Wisconsin's quota
of three regiments. Colonel Jfe-ed Grant
has been frequently at the War De
partment in the last week. He will
receive the first appointment as brig
adier-general of the New York volun
teers.
William F. Cody, "Buffalo Bill," will
serve on the staff of Major-General
Miles aa chief of scouts and will have
the rank of colonel of volunteers.
Illinois and Texas have each been al
lotted a full regiment of cavalry. The
Texas volunteers will be used to oc
cupy the posts left vacant by the reg
ulars and will form the guard for the
Rio Grande border. John A. Logan
will by a recommendation of Governor
Tanner command the regiment to be
raised in Illinois.
Colonel Garrason, a West Point grad
uate and president of the First Na
tional Bank of Cleveland, will be the
senior brigadier-general from Ohio.
Mr. Wedd Hayes, son of former Pres
ident Hayes, who has been connected
with the Ohio National Guard and who
represented that organization in Wash
ington during the last two weeks, will
be one of the ranking line officers of
Ohio's quota.
J. Warren Keifer, formerly a major
general in the Civil War and after
ward Speaker of the United States
House of Representatives, will com
mand the division to be composed of
Ohio and Indiana volunteers.
General Joseph F. Wheeler will be
the first officer of the United State?
Representatives to hold a high com
mand in the provisional service. He
will command a division to be raised
in the Southern States, with the rank of
major-general.
Colonel Adams of Lnfnyptte Post of
the Grand Army is strongly recom
mended to the President by Colonel J.
Pierpont Morgan and other influen
tial business men in New York City and
will be appointed as brigadier-general
of one of the brigades of New York's
quota,
DOUBT THAT THE KEY
WEST CABLE WAS CUT.
Washington Officials Ha-.e Heard
Nothing Regarding the Man-
grove's Action.
WASHINGTON. April 25.— N0-thing
is known at the Navy Department of
the reported cutting of the cable con
necting Cuba with Key West by the
Mangrove ten miles out at sea. There
is a great deal of doubt as to the ac
curacy of the report, and it is believed
that the most that has been done in
that direction has been the tapping of
the cable for strategic purposes.
The United States is a party to the
convention which binds all the signa
tories, most of the marine powers of
the world, to refrain from interference
with cables in the event of war. Perry
Belmont, while chairman of the House
Committee on Foreign Affairs, labor
ed to this end for several years, and
finally succeeded in having the United
States sign the agreement.
A naval officer of high rank, when
questioner! on the subject to-day, re
marked that almost all agreements are
suspended by war when they injure tha
interests of one of the combatants and
favor the other. The cable connecting
with Madrid would be a most powerful
assistance to the Spanish cause just
now, and would work equal injury to
us, wherefore, said the officer, a prudent
naval commander doubtless would cut
the cable first and let the diplomats
talk about it afterward.
RETIRED OFFICER
WANTS TO SERVE.
PETALUMA, April 25.— The news of
the declaration of war caused great ex
citement in this city. By prearranged
signals every church and fire beli and
every steam whistle in the city were
turned loose, making a terrific din.
Flags were hoisted on every flag pole
in the city and the streets were soon
filled with excited citizens, who eagerly
inquired the cause of the demonstra
tion. Many people thought it was a
call to arms for the militia, and the
boys of Company C flocked to the
armory, while their frightened rela
tives made hurried preparations to get
the necessary articles of clothing ready
for the soldiers.
Many ranchers hurriedly drove in
from the country. The clamor of bell
and shriek of whistle could be heard at
Lakeville, eight miles south of this
city.
Company C is prepared for action and
is ready to go whenever called upon.
To-day a large number of young men
enlisted.
MONTEREY, Cal.. April 25.—Lieuten
ant Lasher, I*. S. N., retired, who re
sides at this place, has become restive
under inaction during the present sit
uation, and is eager to take a hand in
the trouble. Lieutenant Lasher is still
a young man, having been retired from
active service because of physical in
juries received about eighteen months
ago, and he feels that he could effec
tively command a division of the Na
val Reserves. He has offered himself
in that capacity to the Monterey di
vision of Naval Reserves, and will
take command as soon as his offer is
formally accepted by the battalion.
SACRAMENTO. April 26.—Consider
able enthusiasm was developed upon
receipt of the President's message here.
All the whistles in town were blown
and bells were rung. In the evening a
national salute of 100 guns was fired in
Capitol Park, and the water works
whistle was blown for a ha4,f hour.
Company G, Second Infantry. N. G. C,
held a meeting, at which forty-seven
out of its sixty-three men offered to go
to the front as United States volun
teers.
SANTA BARBARA, April 25.—Citi
zens met in mass-meettng to-night in
Armory Hall and organized four com
panies of home guards. These com
panies have elected captains and will
be drilled by J. B. Hardy, an old
United States soldier. Citizens are
making every effort to put Santa Bar
bara in a safe state of defense.
The Weak
The weak and the erring of the earth
find little sympathy from the outside
world. If you see a man whose nerves
are all unstrung, whose knees shake,
and who is afflicted in other ways, you
will see that the world generally laughs
at him. He is to be pitied, though. It is
j not certain that these very pitiable weak-
nesses are due to his follies. Have you
not been under big mental strain your-
self? If you have you know what that
means. Perhaps you work too hard and
you worry too much. It may be that
you have been silly as a youth, and that
you are a sufferer to-day on that account.
You can never remedy matters by sitting
iown and hoping to get well, though.
Hgre is a little plain truth for you.
"Hudyan" has replaced the fire of youth
in ten thousand men. Is your vitality
being exhausted ? If so be warned in
time. "Hudyan" will do for you what
nothing else on earth can do— IT WILL
CURE YOU. Ask for testimonials show-
ing what it has done for others. You
can surely believe your own eyes. The
! mission of "Hudyan" is to see the weak
lade Strong
The tertiary as -well as the second-
ary and primary forms of blood taint
are overcome surely and very prompt-
ly by the "30-day blood cure." Cir-
culars and testimonials about it are
as free as "Hudyan" evidence. Usa
a postage stamp and let your troubles
cease. Why continue to be foolish?
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
MARKET, STOCKTON AND ELLIS 8T&,
Can Francisco, ■
:-.-•- — ■SEEKS TO HOLD
THE SYSTEM
The Los Angeles Water
Company Advances a
Proposition.
Asks the City Council for a Re
newal of Its Fran
chise.
talcing Advantage or tho W«r Ex
citement to Quietly Promote,
a Scheme.
Sp^lal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 25.— The Los
Antr»'l> s City 'Water Company has at
lost shown its hand, and with the ex
position has come a revelation which
simply verities the prophecy made by
The Call la the early days of January,
and which is nothing more nor less than
a petition to the City Council for an
extension <>f its franchise. At the time
the prophecy was made it was ridiculed
by !!:• Times, Herald and Express,
men. hers nf the water company's krcal
syndicated dailies, but time has shown
that The Call's prophecy was correct
and that it was simply warning the
ihis city, 95 per cent of whom
favor municipal ownership, of what
they might • xpect when the water com
panj ; its hand. As stated by
the watt-r company's* officials, the prop
osition made to tho City Council to-day
Is like this:
An option was taken by New York,
London and Berlin capitalists several
; only on the plant of the
water company, but also upon every
other Bource of domestic water supply
within a radius of several miles. Ne
gotiations have gone so far thai a prop
osition Is ready to be made to the city
by the promoters. The terms of the
proposition are such as in compel a
thorough investigation by the Council.
It embraces in its details free water for
sprinkling, fire hydrant, public school
and other municipal purposes and a
guarantee of pure mountain water for
domestic use. In return, the promoters
request a franchise
for twenty or Jiirty years, with a guar
of a fair percentage to be paid
into the city treasury of its total gross
ta every year.
The promoters reason that under
their offer they turn into the city treas
ury not less than (40,000 a year from
the start, in cash. So far as rates for
are concerned, they say, they can
s be regulated by the Council un
•he Stale law, as is done at
pi • sent.
The local agent for the big syndicate
ut the head of the proposed new deal
is the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank.
Experts, engineering and otherwise,
from New York and Europe have been
several days thoroughly in
vestigating the new proposition and
rted to the principals its ab
solute safety from a financial stand
point. Their report has been that the
g for municipal ownership is not
so deep-rooted as has been made to
appear, and that by proper education
of public sentiment it can be wiped out
entirely. This simply means a wheel
■within a wheel and recalls the days of
the ■ .jlier. The Farmers' and
ank is a heavy stoefc
: In the present <"ity Water Com
pany and it has a new deal on Rand.
When the statement Is made that the
demand for municipal ownership has
I to !"• general it is simply a cold
blooded : ent of facts. The
present City Council has it within its
power to grant this petition and to re
new the franchise. It is made at this
because the Idea is prevalent with
the water company stockholders that
citizens and rate payers are engrossed
with the war excitement, and possibly
■ favorable moment ha? been
No reliance can be placed on
the local press, for it is owned and con
tr<riled by the water company. The Call
is then the only medium of reaching
and giving unbiased Infor
mation of sly deals that are now about
to )>• to secure a renewal of
the franchise.
CONDEMNED,
BUT NOT SHOT
An English Captain Ar
rested as a Spy at
Havana.
Ordered to Prepare for Execu
tion Within One Short
Hour.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon n»nn«>tt.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 25.— Captain
Milburn of the British ship Myrtledene
was arrested in Havana, kept as a pris
oner in Morro Castle for three hours
and sentenced to be shot an hour later.
General Blanco discovered within the
fat;U hour that he was a British Bub-
Ject Arthur Arosteguy, the British
Vice-Consul, made a demand that he
be released and the order of execution
w;is not carried out.
Captain Milburn arrived here with
his :~l)i[) to-day. He sailed from Phiki
hia April S, and reached Havana
a week ago yesterday. After Captain
Milburn h;«<l discharged his cargo he
went ashore to take a walk. He vis
it* <i the fortifications at Casa Blanea
and while moving about was confront
ed by B squad of Spanish soldiers with
Axed bayonets, who at once arrested
him a? a spy of the United Stat~~ They
took him to Morro. Here he was kept
In • cell for three hours. Then he was
told to l<e prepared to be shot in an
hour.
"What's thp use of waiting an hour?"
he asked. "Why don't you shoot me
now? Go ahead and do it, and in a
few days Havana and all Cuba will bo
blown up. England does .not wait two
months when one of her ships is blown
up in a port of another country."
Then -Mr. Arosteguy interfered and
he was set free. He sailed from Ha
vana Friday night, just as the Ameri
can fleet was coming into sight. Mr.
Arosteguy sent his family to Key West
on the ship. Captain Milburn had in
tended to take on sugar in Havana, the
property of Mr. Revest, an American,
but he was advised to leave Havana
promptly. :.. r
•' "Havana will give you all the fight
n? you want. ' he said to me to-day.
The city Is not frakl that your ships
will bombard it. because the Spaniards
say you bejtan the war in the Interests
of humanity ana bombardment would
not be in accordance with such a pur
pose. • " l
i The arrival of the fleot ' however, had
instant effect on the city. The price of
meal advanced the next day from 24 to
60 cents a pound. Troops are every
where in the city and the Spanish offi
cers are pressing into service every
aoJe-bodied man they can find.
NATIVES ASSEMBLE
AT NEVADA CITY
TO PRE Y UPON
ALASKA SHIPS
Spanish Gunboats May Be
Sent Alter Klondike
Craft
Rich Hauls Expected When the
Season's Gold Is Sent
Down.
Steamship Companies Petition for
Guns With Which to Resist
Attack.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, April 25. — From two
sources the report has reached Puget
Sound that the Spanish officials at
Manila had decided weeks ago to send
Beveral gunboats to the shores of
Alaska parly this summer if war broke
out. The purpose of these gunboats
would be to seize Klondike treasure
boats which .'ire expected to leave St.
Michael for Puget Sound early In July.
The steamer Braemar brings news
that such report was current at Hong
kong last month. This is corro
borated by the arrival at Whatcom of
a lumber vessel from Manila, via
Japan, whose captain says he heard
the story on the Asiatic coast. This
navigator declines to permit the use of
his name, as he expects soon to re
turn to Oriental waters.
The Spanish apparently intend to
send two or three of the five gun
bdata now at Manila, the Argos, El
cano, Gen. Lezo, Marques del Duero
and Valaseo. Those sent across the
Pacific will be accompanied by trans
ports carrying coal. If successful
they will add from ten to fifteen mil
lion's in gold to the Spanish exchequer,
besides capturing several fine vessels.
The Alaska steamship companies do
not intend any such plot shall sue
t L General Manager Pingree of
the Boston and Alaska Steamship
Company has wired to Secretary of
the Navy Long requesting a half
dozen gatling guns for his steamer
Brixham, which will leave next week
for Hooper Bay, returning in time to
get an early start for St. Michael.
Members of Plngree's company in
New York and Boston stand close to
the Cuban leaders, who have also no
tified them that the Spanish would be
more than likely to attempt seizing
Klondike steamers.
The other treasure-ghips this year,
so far a.s known, will be the North
American Transportation and Trad
ing Company's steamer Roanoke and
the Alaska Commercial Company .
steamer Portland. Shipping men say
these companies will undoubtedly
make similar requests for guns from
the Government, citing the fact that a
Maxim gun was mounted on the
steamer Portland last summer when
the danger was not one-tenth as great
as now.
Will License Pool-Selling.
SAUSALITO, April 25.— The Board of
Trustees at U>?night's meeting consid
ered a subdivision to ordinance 51, li
censing pool selling on horse racing at
the rate of $300 a quarter or fraction
thereof. In ordor that the revenue of
the town might be Increased with a
minimum of injurious effect the board
has reserved the right to revoke a li
cense at any time. Gambling by wo
men or minors will not be permitted.
Persons Belling P""ls without a permit
will be prosecuted criminally and civ
illy. The ordinance will probably be
passed nexl Monday evening.
Trustee Sylva introduced this ordi
nance, as well as others imposing a li
cense of $100 on water companies hav
ing a gross income of $4000 per annum
and $25 on those whose gross Income
is $1000. A small license will be im
posed on telegraph, telephone and elec
tric light companies.
J. H. Pryor's resignation as Town Re
corder was accepted. A. Sylva was
appointed Superintendent of Streets.
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APBTL 26, 1898.
INVASION OF
THE MINING
METROPOLIS
Politics and Pleasure
the Order of the
First Day. '
Salinas Wins the Fight for
the Next Annual
Session.
Grand Parlor Delegates Well
Entertained in the Moun
tain Town.
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY.
Judge Kerrigan Feeds His Purse to a
Tame Pelican and Goes In o
Mourning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY. April 25.— This has
been a day of little work and much
play for the Native Sons who are as
sembled here to. attend the session of
the Grand Parlor. This rule, however,
does not apply to those among the del
egates who. are candidates for election
or those who were interested in select
ing the meeting place for the next an
nual session. For them the day has
been all work and no play, and much
friendly rivalry was manifested by the
representatives from those towns that
made a bid for the next Grand Parlor.
Marysville, Oroville and Salinas were
the most prominent candidates for the
honor, the contest between the first
named two being particularly sharp.
The Oroville boomers had been indus
trious in the distribution of cards upon
which appear a golden bear and the
following appropriate effort at poetry.:
"Argonaut, Argonaut, Parlor Eight, ■
Headquarters Oroville, Golden State,.
Wants Grand Parlor in '.99.
Bet you'll think it's '49."
And their rivals from Marysville were
equally assiduous, their efforts being
mainly directed to the distribution of
buttons on which appeared an inscrip
tion intended to define the partisanship
of the wearer.
Fred Greely of Marysville and Past
Grand President A. F. Jones of Oro-
ville were the leaders of the rival fac
tions, a fact that led to-day to an at
tempt on the part of Frank Johnston
of Sacramento, who, beside being State
Printer, Is also a native son with a
touch of sporting blood in his veins, to
get the rivals together in a five-round
contest, the loser to retire from the field
without prejudice. The attempt failed
because each of the principals demand
ed that the other go and get a repu
tation before attempting a contest for
championship honors.
In the meantime P. E. Zabala and
L. U. Grant of Salinas were congratu
lating themselves with the assurance
that while Marysville and Oroville were
cutting each other's throats Salinas
would walk off with the prize. Their
predictions were fulfilled. Salinas get
ting about two-thirds of the total vote
cast.
And it was on account of this con
test for the meeting place of the next
Grand Parlor that Arthur North of
Yolo — "Kid" North, he used to be called
in the Assembly— is just now in deep
mourning. Yesterday he was ap
proached by several Oroville boomers
who asked him to aid them in their
fight.
"Awfully sorry," North would reply,
"but, you see, I was born in Marys
ville, and a fellow can't go back on his
birthplace, you know."
This morning the Marysville contin
gent called on North In a body.
"See here, North," demanded the
spokesman, "we understand that you
are telling araund that you were born
in Marysville. Now, we don't want to
say anything that will hurt your feel
ings, but if it's just the same to you,
would you mind keeping mum about
your birthplace until this fight is over?
We don't want delegates prejudiced
against the town."
North is a candidate for a place on
the board of grand trustees, his gen
eral popularity making him a formid
able rival for some of the older mem
bers of the order.
Joseph K. Hawkins of Pacific Parlor
No. 10 is a candidate for re-election as
grand trustee. His brother. Coroner
Hawkins, is assisting him in his can
vass. Joseph F. Coffey of Redw<-od
Parlor No. 66, Louis F. Byington of Nl
antic Parlor No. 105, Frank Sabichi of
Ramona Parlor No. 109, F. A. Cutler of
Humboldt Parlor No. 14 and H. R. Mc-
Noble of Stockton Parlor No. 7 are all
members of the present board of grand
trustees, and all are candidates for re
election. J. i-^- O'Donnell of Yerba
Buena Parlor is making a strong fight
for a place on the new board. He has
a host of friends and will make a
strong run.
Another formidable candidate is
David Morgan of Hydraulic Parlor No.
56. He has for many years been a
prominent figure in the supreme legis
lative body of the order, and it is more
than likely that his nomination will be
followed by his election, partly out of
recognition of his merit and partly be
cause it would be a timely acknowl
edgment of the hospitality of the local
parlor. : •
There was for a time some talk of
putting Morgan forward as a candidate
for grand orator, b-- 1 this was aban
doned because of the general impres
sion that . this honor . should fall to
Frank L. Coombs, the present chair
man of the board of grand trustees.
Coombs' election is looked upon as cer
tain. .
Another promising candidate for
grand trustee is Charles R. Heverin of
San Francisco Parlor No. 49. He has a
strong following and will be heard from
at the finish.
L. K. Hagencamp of Rincon Parlor
No. 72 has announced his candidacy for
the position of grand outside sentinel.
George H. D. Dryden is assisting him
in his contest for the place.
ft having been decided that the 9th of
September celebration is to be held at
San Jose, the election of Dr. W. A. Gas
ton of that city to the position of grand
marshal is practically assured.
Judge. Frank Kerrigan met an experi
ence this morning that has since cost
him much agony of mind because the
affair, assumed the nature of a practi
cal joke at which all of his friends con
sider themselves privileged to laugh.
The proprietor of one of the stores in
the center of town has a tame pelican
that spends the better part of the aay
on the sidewalk in front of the store.
Kerrigan was passing with some
friends and stopped to admire the
."Hrange bird, which was apparently
asleep. Being anxious to arouse it into
a state of activity and not wishing to
risk his fingers, the Judge unthinklngly
took out his pocket-book and poked at
the bird. Like a flash the bird's great
bill opened and closed on the pocket
book and in another moment it had
passed from view into the capacious
maw of the fo .i.
Here was a dilemma. Kerrigan
opened negotiations for the purchase of
the bird, but its owner refused to sell
except for cash. As the bird had Ker
rigan's cash the deal fell through. It
was finally decided to place the bird in
close confinement, the key to the cage
being given into the keeping of a third
party selected by mutual agreement.
Pending developments the Judge is de
pending upon the charity of a host of
sympathetic friends.
At this morning's session of the
Grand Parlor the following resolution,
which was introduced by Grand Trustee
Joseph F. Coffey, was adopted:
Whereas, the Almighty, in his immut
able wisdom, has taken unto himself to
the heavenly parlor on high, while in
the vi£f>r of youth and manhood, our
beloved brother and former member of
the Grand Parlor, W. P. McEvoy; and,
whereas, his death was the result of
heroic conduct In the performance of offi
cial duties as Sheriff of San Mateo
County.
Resolved, That in his demise the peo
ple of San Mateo County have lost a
true, tried and brave officer, the Native-
Sons of the Golden West an earnest and
zealous brother who was always alive to
our cardinal principles of friendship, loy
alty and charity, and who constantly la
bored for the welfare anil promotion of
the best interests of our fraternity.
Resolved, That we deeply sympathize
with his widow and the members of his
family in his sad and untimely taking off.
and sincerely regret the loss occasioned
thereby t<> Redwood Parlor, and the order
at large, as also to the people of San
Mateo County.
Resolved, That a copy of these reso
lutions be forward. d CO Redwood Parlor,
another to the widow of the deceased,
another to the Golden State for publica
tion, and that a sin. ar copy be spread
at length upon the minutes of the Grand
Parlor: and
Resolved. That when this Grand Par
lor adjourns to-day it do so out of re
spect to his memory.
This evening the delegates and their
friends and as many townspeople as
could be accommodated assembled at
Armory Hall to witness the presenta
tion by the' Mayor of the key of the city
to Grand President Clarke. The p ■>•>- j
sentation ceremonies were followed by
a promenade ami Informal dance.
To-morrow's programme includes a
visit by the visiting delegates to the
gre ( at Malakoff hydraulic mine, near
North Bloomfield. In the evening the
Curly Bear Degree will be conferred on
candidates.
PROMISE OF GOOD CROPS.
MONTEREY. April J6.— Horticultural
Commissioner W. V. McGarvey has com
pleted his regular inspection of orchards
in Monterey County, and reports those in
this section in especially good condition.
The trees are healthy and well cared for,
he says, and give promise of (food crops
this season, de-spite the damage done by
the frosts of March. Apricots and pc-ach.s
are the greatest sufferers from this frost,
the apple* and pears having been scarcely
touched.
THE EMPORIUM.
Record-Breaking Bargains
at California's Largest Store.
There is no other store west of ■ Chicago that could have
handled Monday's great shopping crowd. THE NEW BARGAIN
SECTION has scored an instantaneous success. More help there
to-morrow to sell the Ribbons. The sales announced in Sunday
papers continue. Who can or will duplicate such offerings
as these?
Fruit off the Loom Bleached Muslin, 36 inches wide, per yard. .4ic
3 Spools Fine Knitting Silk lOc
All-silk Dotted Veiling, yard lOc
4-inch All-silk Fancy Ribbons, yard 15c
Washable Percales, good quality, yard ; 5c
Rogers Bros.' "1847" Teaspoons, set of 6, plain patterns
90c; fancy patterns $1.05
Record-Breaking
Ribbon Bargains.
In the Bargain Section the sale of the
wholesale millinery import- |S
er's stock of beautiful Rib- <*%^
bons, Plaids, Checks, Baya- 4r f §ji \
dere Stripes, Ombres and /xSvV^) !
Jacquards announced in Sun- \
day papers, and also of the 'Ur&iyw
very finest quality All-silk, iWS^^ijjM
Satin and Gros-Grain Rib-^Q^^^
bons. More help than yes- ~^^ .
terday. ■
[P(one sold to the trade at these prices but
quantity unlimited to our customers...
Read This Price List.
31^ and 4 inch Fancy Ribbons — ail pure silk — per ip |
yard...... • I3C
354 to 5 inch Fancy Ribbons — the 40; to6oc^p» r
kinds — per yard •^•J^
314 to 6 inch Fancy Ribbons exquisite styles OC>*
worth 50c to 75c — while they last, per v.ird -3JC
SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS.
' 4\ • • • Piece. Yard.
No. 2— inch wide.. 15c ij^c i
No, 3— % inch wiJe 25c • 2^c j
No. s— r inch wide - 40c 4c \
No. 7— inches wide .560 5c
No. o—l% inches wide :.....6sc 614 c !
No. 12— 2 inches wide .....80c. 8c i
No. — 24 inches wide ...Si. 10 11c
No. 22 — inches wide.. Si. 30 13c \
No. 40 — 3}£ inches wide ji.7'o 17c
Details of the
Knitting Silk Item.
250 dozen on:y cooiqualitv Knitting. Silk — the colors:
Black, Cardinal, Medium Blue, Purple,
Cream, "Wine. Delft Blue, Nile,
White, Cherry, Navy, Light Green,
Old Rose, Dark Pink, Violet, Dark Green,
Scarlet, I.mht Pink, . Lavender, Orange,
Yellow, Gold, Terra Cotta, Etc, etc.
Tuesday and Wednesday only, it the quantity I(\ r
las:s, 3 spools for - 11/ C I
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar
NAPA BUSINESS
MAN'S PLIGHT
W. A. Nolan Arrested at
the Instance of a
Creditor.
Left Town Immediately After
Disposing of His
Interests.
Captured at Napa Junction While
Boarding a Train for San
Franeibco.
Special Dlsnatch to The Call.
NAPA, April 25.— C. L. James, late of
the firm of James & Son, hardware
merchants of this place, to-day brought
suit against W. A. Nolan of this city
and h:.d Nolan arrested for attempting
to leave the State for the alleged pur
pose of defrauding his creditors.
In December of last year Nolan &
Fraser of Oakland bought the business
of James & So.n of this city, giving in
payment their joint note. Later Fraser
sold his interest to Nolan and Nolan
became indebted to James individually.
To-day Nolan sold to Young & Barker
and promised an early settlement with
James. From previous conversations
had by James with Nolan James had
reason to believe that Nolan was about
to leave the State. Nolan has stated
that he expected to go East and accept
a position at $3 a day and afterward
said that if he could not secure that
position he expected to go to the Klon
dike.
James had an appointment this morn
ing with Nolan with the object in view
of bringing about a settlement of the
indebtedness. Nolan did not keep his
engagement and subsequent inquiries
developed the fact that he had left
town.
James had the necessary papers
drawn and placed in the hands of the
proper officers. Sheriff McKenzie saw
Nolan's wife leave Napa on the after
noon San Francisco train, but did not
see Nolan. The Sheriff proceeded on
the- south-bound train. At Napa Junc
tion Nolan got on and was promptly
arrested by the Sheriff and brought
back to Napa late this evening. Up to
a late hour he had not obtained the
necessary bail to avoid going to jail.
Nolan is about 30 years of age.
Mass Every Morning.
SAUSALITO. April 25.— High mass was
celebrated yesterday at St. Raphael's
Church. During this week there will be
held a mission for Italians. Portuguese.
Spanish and French. There will be mass
every morning at 0 o'clock, and a sermon
every evening, ending with mass on Sat
urday evening.
Hanford Daily Suspends.
HANFORD, April 25.— The Daily Demo
crat has suspended publication.
THE EMPORIUM.
The Record-Breaking
Veiling Offering.
2coo yards Alrsilk Dotted Veilings — 18 inches wide —
Browns, Navys, Creams, etc. — while this lot lasts, l|"|^
per yard lUC
Record-Breaking
Grocery Bargains.
These four Matchless Specials for Tuesday
and Wednesday only-*— and your money cheerfully
refunded without question if you are not satisfied
with the goods when you have tried them. Prompt
delivery by special grocery wagons. Order by
grocery telephone — South 159.
Cooper's Olive Oil, large size bottles 80c
10-lb. sacks Yellow or White Cornmeal 21c
Eagle Table Fruits — Peaches, Pears and
Apricots — 3 cans for 25c
Sun-Cured Japan Tea — one of the purest
teas and best values in our stock —
regularly 44c lb., for 32c
Matchless Every-Day Prices.
Emporium Flour — "There ! Instantaneous Tapioca,
is-non? better" — sack 51.25 pkg 10c
Fancy Calilornia Shelled j Hecker's Farina, pkg.—.ioc
Almonds, lb. .......25c j Gluten Farina, pkg 10c
Splendor— "The Magic ] Pearl or Flake Tapioca, Ib 4c
Clsaner '—3 tor .25c j Sago, Ib 4c
Pure California Olive Oil. | Fancy Japan Rice, Ib 6c
large bottles 60c I Best Carolina Rice, Ib 8;
PU Z Sffifff C I r Columbus Standard Table
small bottles 30c F it »,„.... v..,,, .1
Cooper's California Olive ™J» --
Oil, large bottles 98c „ * cans..... 25c
Cooper's California Olive Palmetto Fancy Standard
Oil, small bottle 45c Table Frult > 3 cans 50c
Bazaar or Star Oil, 5 gal- 5-lb. sacks Golden Rule
lon cans 90c Salt, each 3c
Emporium Elaine or Ex. 10-lb. sacks Golden Rule
Star Oil, 5-gal. cans $1.20 Salt, each 8c
Eastern Rolled Oats — 5-lb. sacks Emporium Eng-
"choice goods'" — Ib 3c lish Salt, each 10c
Cream Flake Oats, the 10-lb. sacks Emporium
best, lb 4c I English Salt, each 20c
MOBILIZING
STATE TROOPS
Governors of States Call
Out the Militia
Regiments.
Full Quotas of Volunteers
Called For to Be Promptly
Furnished.
Citizen Soldiers of. Massachusetts
Needed at H ,me, so Volunteers
Must Be Sent to the War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, April 25.— Governor Wolcott
lias issued a statement setting forth
that the Massachusetts militia must be
used to guard this State's coast line.
Volunteers to the President's call must
be volunteers in fact.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 25.— Governor
Mount this evening issued his procla
mation calling upon the Indiana Guard
to assemble in this city to-morrow.
SPRIIJFIELD, 111., April 25.— The
Governor and adjutant general have is
sued orders calling the State troops to
mobilize at Springfield immediately, all
to be here by Wednesday.
CHARLESTON, W. Va., April 25.—
Governor Atkinson, on orders from Sec
retary Alger, sent out for one regi
ment of troops to-night.
HARRISBURG. Pa., April 25.—Gov
ernor Hastings to-night ordered the
entire National Guard of the State to
mobilize at Mount Gretna on Thurs-
day.
DOVER, Del.. April 25. — Governor
Tunnel has received Secretary Alger's
call for Delaware's quota of troops
and has ordered the one infantry regi
ment of the State National Guard to
assemble to-morrow at Middletown.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. April 25.— At 10
o'clock to-night Governor dough re
ceived formal notice of the call for
volunteers, and Immediately ordered
Minnesota's three regiments of in
fantry to prepare to move at once.
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo.. April 25.—
Governor Stephens will not issue or
ders for troops until he receives a de
tailed call from Washington, probably
on Wednesday. He wired the Secre- i
tary of War to-night for permission to
use Jefferson Barracks, St. Louis, for
mobilization of troops. He also asked
how many companies to the regiment j
and how many men to the company |
were wanted. Five thousand or 6000 i
men will be furnished to be concen
trated at St. Louis in ten days.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 25.— 1t was
after midnight to-night when Gover
nor Wells issued his proclamation call
ing for volunteers in compliance with
the order from Secretary Alger. The
men will be assembled In Salt Lake to
be mustered into service on May 5.
THE EMPORIUM.
SHIPS MUST
LEAVE SOON
Vessels of Belligerents
Given 24 Hours to Get
Away.
England Proposes to Observe
Neutrality Laws to the
Very Letter.
It Is Now Feared That the Torpedo-.
Boat Somers Cannot Get Across
the Atlantic
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 25.— The officials of
the British Foreign Office expect that
the London Gazette, official organ of
the Government, will publish to-mor
row an official notice to the effect that
belligerent warships of Spain and the
United States must lea-ve within twen
ty-four hours. The document, it is said,
is long and complicated. It contains
clauses covering the case of vessels
which are unable to leave in the stipu
lated time owing to defects. The au
thorities of the British ports have al
ready been notified that the order is to
be published.
The officials of the United States em
bassy fear the United States torpedo
boat Somers, now at Falmouth, is des
tined to remain in England for some
time to come as the neutrality procla
mation will be issued to-morrow and
no convoy for the little craft, without
which it is impossible for her to attempt
to cross the Atlantic, has been secured.
The United States embassy was crowd
ed to-day with ship brokers, negotia^.
tions being on foot to purchase, in be
half of the United States, some British
ships which are now in American ports.
The Spanish Embassador, Count Ras
■con, has intimated to Embassador Hay
that he is issuing a statement to the
newspapers, setting forth that the Em
bassador of Spain is not authorized to
make enlistments. There is evidence,
however, that the Spanish authorities
here are endeavoring to secure engi
neers, in spite of the foreign enlistment
act. Cononel Hay concludes the mat
ter is too small game to warrant him
in protesting to the British foreign of
fice, unless it assumes larger propor
tions, but the British authorities may
act on their own initiative.
The report is circulated In the United
States that the British Consul at Ha
vana had cabled the foreign office, not
ifying the authorities here that Ha
vana would be bombarded is incorrect.
What he cabled was that he expected
Havana would be bombarded.
William Sexton Dead.
NEW YORK. April 25.— William Selton.
formerly champion professional billiard
player, dropped dead this afternoon. He
was fifty years old.
56
©be &li
TUESDAY APRIL 26, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communicationsjo W^.J-WKEJ^anager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .....Market and Third Sts., S. F«
Telephone Main IS6&.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- B mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents-
THE WEEKLY CALL... On* year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE .........908 Broadv/ay
NEW YORK OFFICE .......Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE RigC« Hou««
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqu'ctte Building
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 /AontSOmery s f .reet. corner Clay,
open until 9. 30 o'clock- 287 rjayes street, <»Den until
9:30 o'clock 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock.-
JS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock.. 1505 Polk, street, open
until 9:30 o'rlock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Purser." •
Columbia— "The Nancy Hanks "
California—" Trilby."
Aicaiar— Gay Parisians '
Morosco's— "The Wlcklow Po9tman."
I lvoll— "Sinba'd the Sailor."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Sherman, Clay HaU— Pa3oma Schramm, to-nl^ht.
The Chutes— Zoo. Vaudeville, aud "African 1.1011 Hunt"
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy 6treets, Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming-.
El Campo— Music, dancing boatin?, fishlnp. every Sunday,
Pacific Coast Jockey Cluo. Inuleside- Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By N. E. Clark— This day, April 26, Turkish Rug-s, at 106
Grant avenue at 'I o'clock.
By Yon Rheln it Co.— Thursday, April 28, Real Estate, at 636
Market stro«'i. at 12 o'clock.
PROMPT WAR BULLETINS.
THE plague of fake extras which for some days
ha- tormented San Francisco will soon be over.
That scheme of working the unwary for nickels
and increasing a show of circulation cann* t be oper
ated successfully in the face of the enterprise of The
Call in issuing bulletins of the events of the war as
rapidly as. the dispatches are received and posting
them at The Call office, at all the agencies of The
Call throughout the city and at other notable points
where the people are accustomed to assemble.
This bulletin service is far superior to anything the
fakers can accomplish by their extras. The dispatches
follow one another as fast as events of note occur.
Printed on a special press set aside for that purpose
by The Call and carried by messenger boys on
bicycles to the places where they are to be posted and
there displayed for all to read, they constitute a con
tinuous record of the war. By this service the people
are informed at once of every new phase of the situa
tion. They are saved from the petty deception.; of the
fake extras, which have been so common for some
time past and which before the appearance of thi*
service threatened to continue as long as the war
itself.
Moreover, <uir bulletin service is not only prompt
but accurate. (.The Call, in alliance with the New
\ ork Herald, long ago made preparations for report
ing the war in case it broke out. A host of corre
spondents located at points scattered all over the
West Indies are at work gathering news. Additional
correspondents are with the army and the navy.
Every detail of the situation is covered. The Call
therefore does not have to publish fakes and rumors
for the sake of making a show of war news. It gets
the news itself and gets it promptly.
This accurate and comprehensive news service it
now nukes free to all San Francisco and to a hun
dred other points in California, Nevada and Arizona.
The issuing oj extras is an out of date scheme. It is
behind the times. It has been left to the fakers.
Legitimate journalism in the progress of enterprise
has gone forward and bulletins the news at once for
all to read free of charge.
Announcement is made that the vacations of many
New Yorkers have been upset by the war. This is
truly to be regretted, and adds much to the horrors
of the situation. However, the New Yorkers are in
a measure to blame. In the rush of events the coun
try overlooked the prospective vacations until too
late. Had attention been called to it in time the
United States could have sent an apology to Spain
tmd not spoiled the fun. But there is nothing to hin
der the Xevv Yorker from having an outing yet.
Many as good a man will shoulder a rifle and exploit
Cuba. If the New Yorker happens to be of th. other
Bex a little Red Cross work might cause her to forget
how cruelly fate has flouted her.
One of the news-gathering fleet of the Call-Herald
is the ocean-going steamer Tyr, flying the Danish
flag. Under these colors she will be free from moles
tation by any of the ships engaged in fighting either
for this country or for Spain. This is an advantage
of which Call readers will have the benefit. Intima
tions are already strong that the flock of boats which
put out from American ports after the squadrons of
Sampson and Schley will be chased away. From such
treatment as this the Tyr will be exempt.
Without desiring to hurt the feelings of the Euro
pean editors it may be remarked that the "tone" they
may assume is not regarded here as a matter of im
portance. They may shriek or growl, but the little
fight now on concerns mostly people who do not
send abroad for their advice. Why, there is more
advice right at home than can be utilized.
Statements concerning the movements of the Span
ish fleet from Cape Verde Islands may be boiled
down to two unassailable propositions. Any geo
graphy will show that there are such islands, and
some place or other there is a fleet. To be more
specific than this is to court the possibility of error.
Let there be a hope that Captain Sigsbee will de
cline to fight the Spaniard who has challenged him.
But if the captain get near enough the fellow to ad
minister a kick and neglect the opportunity he must
expect the high regard in which he is now held to be
somewhat impaired.
Although there has now been a formal declaration
of war keen observers had already noted a lack of
vigor about the entente cordiale between the United
States and Spain.
If Mr. McKinley wants any more volunteers all
he has to do is to ask for them.
Congressman Maguire has said little lately, but
even at this he has said too much.
WOR AND COMMERCE.
BY royal decree the Spanish Government has
given notice to the world that during the
course of the war with the United States Spain
will observe the declarations of the treaty of Paris
that neutral flags cover an enemy's merchandise ex
cept contraband of war. and that neutral merchandise,
except contraband of war, is not seizable under an
enemy's flag; that the Spanish Government will as
sert and exercise the right of search of vessels on the
high seas to determine whether they carry contraband
goods, and finally that Spain, while maintaining the
right to issue letters of marque to privateers, will
for the present at any rate confine herself to organiz
ing out of her mercantile marine a force of auxiliary
cruisers to co-operate with the navy in carrying on
the war.
The course taken by the United States will not be
essentially different from that promulgated by Spain.
The announcement made some time ago that the
United States would not issue letters of marque was
effectually refuted in the Senate last week by the
statement of Senator Davis, chairman of the Foreign
Relations Committee, that he had heard of no such
declaration on the part of the administration. As a
matter of fact the question is one which Congress
must decide upon, for the authority to grant letters
of marque lies with that body and not with the Presi
dent.
In addition to the nncertain attitude of both com
batants toward the problem of privateering there is
a further confusion for commercial interests in the
fact that differences of international law exist as to
what will constitute contraband of war. Each Gov
ernment will determine for itself what articles it shall
treat as contraband. Goods that an American ship
might pass over may be made subject to seizure by
Spain, and on the other hand our ships may con
demn articles the Spanish would pass.
All of these things will complicate the risks of com
merce while war lasts, and if it be prolonged to an
extent that embitters both parties, it may lead to ex
treme acts of search and capture on the seas that will
be regarded by neutral nations as violations of their
rights. In this there lies a danger that some other
nation may be drawn into the conflict, just as Great
Britain was very nearly drawn into our Civil War by
the capture of Slidell and Mason.
Fortunately the probability of such an outcome is
slight. The great nations of Europe have too many
antagonisms among themselves to enter lightly upon
a war with the United States. Moreover, the war may
be short. Commercialism is a very powerful factor
in the world, and, while it was not able to prevent
the outbreak of hostilities, it may prove sufficiently
potent to force the Spanish Government alter a short
conflict to retire the Spanish flag from this hemis
phere and put an end to a struggle that wastes her
treasures and brings her nearer and nearer to inevit
able bankruptcy and the ruin of her creditors.
CONSTITUTIONAL QUESTIONS.
THE question whether the proposed charter or
any portion of it is unconstitutional will prob
ably not greatly interest the general reader.
But it may. nevertheless, answer a useful purpose to
call the attention of the lawyers who lately served
the people as Freeholders to a few "points" in that
connection. The time for defending the charter is
rapidly approaching. The burden of this defense is
upon the lawyers who framed it. If they cannot
demonstrate that the instrument will stand the test
of the Supreme Court they ought not to ask people
to vote for it.
Among the constitutional amendments of 1896
there was one which changed section 6 of article 11
by providing that "all charters framed or adopted by
authority of this constitution, except in municipal
affairs, shall be subject to and controlled by general
laws." The question is. what are general laws and
what are municipal affairs. In the case of Morton
vs. Broderick, Auditor, decided in October last, the
Supreme Court held that the statute of 1897 requiring
the Mayor's signature to a tax levy is unconstitu
tional because it interfered with a "municipal affair."
This was equivalent to deciding that passing a tax
levy in a city is peculiarly a municipal function. This
is as far as the court has gone in defining the words
"municipal affairs."
The charter sets up a new method for levying and
collecting taxes in which it authorizes the Board of
Supervisors to impose penalties for delinquency. It
furthermore revives the personal property collection
system abolished four years ago, and repeals the
provisions of the Political Code on that subject. Is
this constitutional? Can the charter provide its own
system of levying and collecting taxes in defiance of
the State law? In other words, are the revenue laws
of the State such general laws as are not covered by
the amendment of 1896 concerning municipal affairs?
The proposed charter also provides a system of
granting street railway franchises which is in conflict
with the statute of 1897 on the s^me subject. The
question here again recurs, is the act of selling fran
chises a "municipal affair" upon which the city may
legislate for itself? If not, the provisions of sections
6 and 7 of chapter 2, article 2, are unconstitutional.
Section 8 of The same chapter and article limits
the time within which actions for damages may be
brought against the city to six months. Section 340
of the Code of Civil Procedure fixes the time for
commencing actions for damages caused by mob or
riot at one year. Here is another conflict. Are gene
ral statutes of limitation "municipal affairs" within
the meaning of the constitutional amendment?
There are other portions of the charter which con
flict with the general laws, but thor.e illustrations are
sufficient to make our point clear. What are we asked
to do in this matter? If the charter is unconstitutional
it certainly should not be adopted. It will cost thou
sands of dollars to litigate its provisions, and the
people are not anxious at the present time to in
crease their court expenses. We should like to read
an argument on the constitutional question from a
lawyer of repute, preferably an ex-Freeholder. If
the charter is adopted and merely results in giving us
a crop of lawsuits a number of legal reputations will
be shattered. It is quite evident that the points we
have made have not been considered.
The Santa Clara groom who resented the
friendly shower of rice by drawing a pistol and
threatening to shoot must have a sweet and sunny
disposition. lie is to be congratulated that some
well-wisher did not hurl an old shoe, in which case
nothing less than a Gatling gun could have made
fitting response.
The troops of the First were only wrecked twice on
the way south; yet the journey is a long one, and by
the exercise of its usual care the Southern Pacific
might easily have sent them into the ditch at least
three times.
«
Naturally Blanco is excited at this time, but he has
evidently heightened his emotion by taking some
thing which went to his head.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1898.
I"^HE Continental nations are showing much feel
ing against the United States. Whether this will
rise to the height of a Spanish alliance remains
to be seen. The war in which we have engaged is
denounced in every Continental capital, and its cause,
which is novel, is declared to be insufficient.
A procession of empires has passed across the
stage of history, and the science of government and
the rights and powers of man in and through govern
ment have undergone a slow evolution. That process
has been accelerated since this republic appeared.
When Tom Paine expanded the rights of a colonial
people by first of all men uttering the declaration,
"These colonies are, and of right ought to be, free
and independent states," the novelty appalled even
his own countrymen, who had addressed themselves
to pleading at the foot of the throne for a redress
of grievances.
When Ben Franklin declared in the French court
that the purpose of the revolution was the founding
of a government based on the will of the majority
his French friends flinched and some jeered at him.
In badinage they would daily ask, "M. Franklin,
votre revolution comment va til?" and he would an
swer "Ca ira." One day at court he engaged in an
argument to prove that a majority government was
right. The courtiers proposed to submit the question
to a count, and those in favor of such government
were to stand and be counted on one side of the
room; those opposed upon the other. Franklin
stood and was counted alone. When the demonstra
tion over his defeat closed the philosopher said, "Not
so fast, my friends. You contend that the minority is
right. lam the minority, and by your own argument
I am proved right."
Many similar incidents illustrated the apparent
hopelessness of our novel position, but in our per
sistence it won, and this republic issued from the
victory.
Our second war with Great Britain was to vindi
cate the right of asylum and deny to a foreign power
the right of search* and seizure on the high seas under
pretense of the right to impress its subjects wherever
found. While the treaty of Ghent, which ended that
struggle, did not especially include this point, its vic
tory as a fact has never been denied.
We next met all Europe in diplomatic hostility in
denial of the monarchial doctrine, "Once a subject
always a subject," and stood for the right of man to
expatriate himself, forfeit and forswear his allegiance
and transfer it according to the dictates of his own
welfare. Nation after nation capitulated to this
novelty, and that right of man has not been denied
nor contested since .we took Martin Koszta from
Austria in the harbor of Smyrna. This republic was
a novelty in its beginning, and its growing strength
and influence in the world have been jused, not to
increase the rights of government over the rights of
man, but to expand the rights of man in government.
At no point in the line of precedents \ye have es
tablished has there been willing assent to our position
by the other nations of the earth. Yet we have won
and established them all, either in the face of hostile
armies or against hostile diplomacy.
Now we are embarked suddenly, unexpectedly, but
unitedly in another novel enterprise, which, like all
that preceded it, is in vindication of the rights of man.
We take our stand upon the declaration that while
we put in practice the theory that our Government
derives its just powers from the consent of the gov
erned, even a monarchy lias a right to govern only
while it governs well, and aligns its policy with the
happiness of its people. We do not sny thaft all peo
ple are qualified for self-government, but we declare
that all people arc entitled to good government. We
do not deny that a monarchy may be conformable to
the genius of some nations, but we appeal to the con
science of mankind upon the thesis that every Gov
ernment must hold its title and muniments in the
contentment of its people.
THE WASTE OF THE SCHOOL FUND.
DISCLOSURES made by Th- Call on Saturday
of the result of the investigation by the Grand
Jury into the manner and extent to which the
school funds have been wasted are followed this
morning by further disclosures brought to light by
the examination of yesterday. In the repair work of
every school building thus far inspected there have
been found evidences of the grossest frauds, and
hardly any doubt cm be felt that as the inspection
proceeds similar results will be obtained.
The investigation has covered only the six months
constituting the first half of the present fiscal year;
that is, from June 30 to December 31, 1897. Within
that comparatively short time and by an inspection
which is as yet far from complete, there have been
discovered practices by which the city has been rob
bed of many thousands of dollars. The frauds are
of so gross a nature it is hardly credible that the
members of the Buildings Committee and Finance
Committee of the School Board could have been
ignorant of them. In fact, it appears the practice of
this kind of boodling must have been carried on with
impunity for a considerable period, since the oper
ators would hardly have ventured upon such open
frauds unless long success had emboldened them to
throw aside discretion altogether.
The whole story must be read in our local columns
to obtain a full comprehension of the extent of the
frauds, but an understanding of their nature and the
audacity of the operators can be inferred from a
single illustration. The 'disclosures made in connec
tion with the work done on Spring Valley Grammar
School will serve as an example. For that building
there was charged against the city 51,220 feet of two
inch planking at $7 74 per thousand, while theamount
delivered was about 20.000 feet; 19,500 feet of 4x4
redwood was charged, and but 6100 feet delivered;
14,000 shingles were charged and but 8000 delivered.
The frauds, moreover, were not confined to the
practice of making charges for amounts of material
in excess of what was delivered. They were com
mitted in respect to quality as well as quantity.
Specifications calling for No. i lumber were filled
with lumber of lower grades. Where fancy shingles
were called for common shingles were delivered. In
this way a double rake-off was accomplished. The
city not only paid for more than it received, but it
paid for a higher quality of material than was given.
• The scandal brought to light by this investigation
is one of the gravest in our annals. Official corruption
is at its worst when it invades the School Board and
wastes the funds which the people have voted to de
fray the cost of public education. With men who prac
tice corruption at the expense of the schools there
can be but one course to pursue. The Grand Jury
has started right. Now let it keep to the motto of
Grant, "Let no guilty man escape."
Spanish craft will keep a sharp lookout for the
yachts of American millionaires, but it may be sup
posed the millionaires will do the same thing. The
yachts are not equipped for a fight, but in the matter
of running away they have the proper lines.
NOVELTIES IN POLICY.
PRIZE
MONEY
THE capture of Spanish vessels by
■United States cruisers will no doubt
give an impetus to navy enlistments.
The prospect of prize money is alike
enticing to officers and men, and many
of the former, or their families, have
small fortunes in prize money made dur
ing the war of 1861-65.
The prize law of the United States is
very simple in its application. In the
case where a ship-of-war captures another
of superior or equal force the entire net
proceeds is decreed to the captor; when
the capture is of inferior force one-half
of the proceeds goes to the United States,
where it is covered into the naval pen
sion fund, and the other half goes to the
captors, and is distributed as follows: To
the commander of the fleet, one-twentieth
part; to the fleet captain, one-hundredth
part; to the commander of the vessel
making the capture, one-tentn part; the
remainder is divided among all others do
ing duty on board the captor in propor
tion to their respective rates of pay. All
prizes are adjudicated by a prize court,
which orders the sale of the vessel and
its cargo by public auction, and the pro
ceeds, less the court expenses, are dis
posed of as above stated.
The captures made by our navy during
the war of 1861-65, of Confederate war
ships, merchant vessels and blockade
runners numbered 1149 of all descriptions,
valued at $24,500,000, besides 355 destroyed.
The Confederate States cruisers captured
or destroyed 259 vessels, of which the
Alabama took 69, the Florida 37, Shenan
doah 36, Tallahassee 29, Sumter 18, Tac- ]
ony 15, and thirteen other cruisers took j
fifty-five vessels. The damage which
these nineteen armed vessels inflicted
was nearly as great as that of our cruis
ers in their capture and confiscation of
1504 vessels, valued at $31,500,000, over one
third of which was British property.
The first capture of the Civil War was j
the schooner Cambria; laden with coal,!
by the United States frigate Cumberland,
on April 23, IS6I, eleven days after Fort
Sumter had been fired upon, The vessel
was released after taking out her 118 tons
of coal. After the Southern ports had
been declared closed blockade running
became quite profitable, when succecc
ful. but many of the 267 steamers cap
tured proved rich prizes to United States
v.-ss.'ls. The most notable and exceeding
$200,000 in value were as follows:
UNION PRIZES DURING 1861.
Prize. Amount, J Prize. Amount.
Memphis $.",]■. M4 Vi-tory (2
L;'.ily Sterling... 494.591H Cronstarlt 294, 2*>
Greyhound 484,9(2] Emma Henry.. 288,896
Trlstam Shandy. 412.073 PA. D. Vance 283.i*!'t
Young Republic. 411,520 Hope 2G3.2..7
Wando 4W.487J Hiawatha 239,704
Kate ivale 355,7:18 s Uxlona 2*1,706
Atlanta 35>1. 04') ii James Rattle... 22:!. 244
Mimic 344.873 ii Alice Vivian.... 217,081
Princess Royal.. 342.0 M Elsie 21M71
Annie .... r 329.312-1 Stettin 202.471
Circassian 315.371 ; Swan !
The values indicated are the amounts
for distribution aft«-r costs and expenses
had been paid for the adjudication of the
prizes.
The largest sum paid to any one for a
single capture was to Acting Volunteer
Lieutenant Commander William Budd as
his Bhare in the taking of the steamer
Memphis, for which he pocketed ?
The capture and destruction of the Albe
marle by Lieutenant dishing and his
crew of volunteers netted $16,100 to Cush
ing and $19415 to each of the crew.
Ip to IS7G only about $3,500,000 In prize
money had been paid out by the Fourth
Auditor, and nearly $5,000,000 still re
mained unadjudicated. Of the amount
paid, (1,412,613 had been distributed among
officers, of which the following had re
ceived sums exceeding $20,000:
OFFICERS' PRIZE MONEY.
tear Admiral 8. P. Lee
tear Admiral )I->- I>. Porter
tear Admiral S. F. Dupont
'Ice Admiral D. G. Farragut
;ommantliT John J. Almy
,leut, -Commander.. R. H. Lamson
tear Admiral [Theodnru;* Bailey. |
Vet. V"l. Lt. -Com. ..William KuiW
'ajitaln Wni." M Walker..
:<>mman<ler |O. S. Glisson j
'ommander ;Geo. M. liansom..|
'aptaln !B. F. Sands
:<>mmaiuipr James E. Jottett..
'ommander P. G. Wntmough..
'.immander R. H. Wyman
'ommander Pierce Crosby
U-ting Master W. O. Lundt
Name.
Prize
Money.
599,456
90,348
D 8.476
65,443
54,431
40.522
3D.0H8
35.509
54.51S
30,426
29,191
25.516
27,449
24.272
24,003
23,81)6
21,115
The foreign commerce of Spain is in
considerable, yet it may offer induce
ments to seafaring men of all nationali
ties to ship under the American flag to
fignt for prize money and incidentally
for glory. _______^__
EAGLES FLYING HOME TO ROOST.
In the last month nearly $10,000,000 in
gold have been shipped from Europe and
Australia to the I'nited States, and the
movement still continues. Jt is a case of
the eagles Hying home to roost, and the
flock lr> a big one. Mr. Ingalls made the
foolish statement in the Senate on a cer
tain occasion that gold was a craven;
that it at once hid away on the approach
0/ war. But the present war scare has
certainly had quite the contrary effect on
gold. Instead of running away to hide
until the war is over, it is coming back
home to take an important part in the
proceedings. The steadily increasing gold
reserve in the United States treasury,
which now exceeds $173,000,000, and the
rapidly accumulating stock of gold in the
banks constitute the strongest kind of a
backing for the United States for the suc
cessful prosecution of a war.— Kansas
City Star.
LAST DAYS OF GLADSTONE.
How many lives of Gladstone are there
In typo, awaiting the death of Gladstone?
— Boston Globe.
The world may well pause In Its warlike
quarrels and gaze regretfully at the bed
side of the expiring Gladstone. — Philadel
phia North American.
England lost no Interest or influence un
der Mr. Gladstone's guidance and gained
vast territories. Alrf Gladstone was
boundless in his sympathy, and the
world's sympathy will go to him In his
last days.— Baltimore American.
Mr. Gladstone is now 88 years old. Tho
news of his approaching demise will sad
den many hearts in England, in America
ftnd in Ireland, for which he made the
most remarkable parliamentary struggle
of his life.— Buffalo Commercial.
The domestic life of this rare public
j man has been a model for people in every
walk of life, and the helpmeet of his
struggling 'and triumphant years is tot
tering beside him toward the grave.
When he does finally pass into the great
beyond liberty will have lost a bold
champion and the world a great and
noble man.— Peoria Journal.
Now that "the grand old man" lies on
the bed of death, the world is not asking
about his official success, but Is paying
the tribute of admiration and sympathy
to cne whose life covered almost the span
of a century, but was never touched by
the stain of personal dishonor. Pathos
surrounds the dying hours of Gladstone
and the civilized world Is a mourner at
his bedside.— Detroit Tribune.
■ ■» « —
Newcomer— Oh, I don't know. If I get
hold of a file I'll probably try a few bars.
v—u — Judga.
SPIRIT OF '98
REMEMBER THE MAINE.
When the vengeance wakes, when the battle
breaks,
And the ships sweep out to sea;
When the foe is neared; when the decks are
cleared,
And the colors floating free;
When the squadrons meet, when it's fleet to
fleet,
And front to front with Spain;
From ship to ship, from lip to lip
Pass on the quick refrain,
"Remember, remember the Maine!"
When the flag- shall sign, "Advance in line.
Train ships on an even keel".
When the guns shall flash and the shot shall
crash
And bound on the ringing steel;
When the rattling blasts from the armored
masts
And hurling their deadliest rain.
Let their voices loud, through the blinding
cioud.
Cry, ever, the fierce refrain,
"Kemember, remember the Maine!"
God's sky and sea in that storm shall be
Fate's chaos of smoke and flame.
But across that hell every shot shall tell.
Not a gun can miss its aim;
Not a blow shall fall on the crumbling l-rall,
And the waves that engulf the slain
Shall sweep the decks of the blackened
wrecks,
With the thundering, dread refrain,
"Remember remember the Maine!"
—Robert Burns Wilson in N. 1. <Torld.
THE WARSHIP DIXIE.
They've named a cruiser "Dixie" — that's what
the papers pay —
An' I hear they're groin' to man her wlch the
boys In gray;
Good news! It sorter thrills me an 1 makes
me want ter be
Whar the ban" is playin" "Dixie," an" the
"Dixie" put ter sea!
They've named a cruiser "Dixie." An", fellers,
I'll be boun'
You're £roin' to see some flghtin' when the
Dixie swings eroun' !
Ef any o1o 1 them Spanish ships shall strike her,
East or West,
Just let the ban' play "Dixie," an' the boys !1
do the rest:
I want ter see that Dixie — I want tor take
my stan'
On the deck of her. an* holler: "Three cheers
fer Dixie lan! "
She means we're all united tha war hurts
healed away, ■
An' "Way Down South In Dixie" is national
to-day!
I bet you she's a good 'un! I'll stake my last
rei] cent
Thar ain't no better timber in the whole blame
settlement!
An' all their phiny battle-ships beside that
ship are tame,
Fer, when it comes to Dixie, thar's some
thing In a name 1 .
Herd's three cheers and a tiger— as hearty as
kin be;
An' lt-t the ban' play "Dixie" when the Dixie
puts ter sea!
She'll make her way an' win the day from
shlntn" East ter West-
Just let the ban' play '■Dixie" an' the boys'll
dv the rest!
—Atlanta Constitution.
OVER MORRO CASTLE.
There's a fins? afloat to-day.
Over Morro Castle,
That hasn't long; to stay
Over Morro Castle,
Keep a lookout for the flash
There is going to be a smash,
Something hot's about to crash
Into Morro Castle.
There are remnants of the Maine
Down near Morro Castle;
We will pick a bone with Spain
Down with Morro Castle!
When we've ended this affair,
When the smoke clears from the air
You may see Old Glory there,
Over Morro Castle!
—Cleveland Leader.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Mearns of Arizona
are at the Lick.
W. E. Gurber, the Sacramento banker,
is at the Grand.
W. D. Duke, a mining man of Arizona
Is at the California.
Dr. G. C. Weiss of Fargo, N. D., is a
guest at the Palace.
F. W. Wilmans of the Star mine In So
nora is a guest at the Lick.
J. Martin Barney, a mining man of
Dutch Fiat, is at the Palace.
W. W. Middlecoff, an attorney of Stock
ton, is registered at the Grand.
R. S. Sanpe, a railroad man of Los An
geles, is staying at the Occidental.
J. G. Anderson, a wealthy merchant of
Salt Lake, is a guest at the Occidental.
T. D. Livingston and wife have come
up from San Jose and are at the Bald
win.
B. S. Randolph has come over from An
gel Island and is staying at the Occi
dental.
A. B. Smith, a well known merchant of
Fresno, Is one of the late arrivals at the
Grand.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Pal
ace were Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Hill of
Michigan.
" Montmorency
McNamara, bat
tery," called out
the clerk of the
Police Court yes
terday, and in an
swer to the name
a rather short
AN EPISODE
OF
YESTERDAY.
gentleman with an ingrowing face cov
ered with pockmarked parchment and
fringed by a rather moth-eaten beard
of the color of the leaves in autumn,
arose in the dock and stood facing the
Judge. At the same time a young attor
ney appeared and announced that he had
been retained to prosecute the defendant.
"McNamara," said the Judge, "you are
here charged with battery. Do you plead
guilty or not guilty?"
"If yer hanner will tell mo th* raison
Oi'm called a bathery Oi'll tell yer how it
happened an' ye can fix th' charrage ter
suit yerself," replied the prisoner.
"You are charged with battery because
you met a Greek fisherman on East street
yesterday and beat him so badly that he
Is now in the Receiving Hospital," replied
the Judge.
"Thot'a thrue enough." said the pris-
oner, "an* Oi'll tell ye all about It. 01
Win a-sittin' an th' md aye Washington,
sthreet wharf yisterday, whin alansr cum
a couple of Dagos. 'Gud marnin,' sez i ij.
'Gud marnin,' sez they. 'I hope yer v. • !.•
sez Oi. 'We are, 1 sez they. 'D'y.
thot fin??' sez Oi. ptntin' t th' sthara an'
sthripts a-floatin' over a ship an th'
'We do.' sez they. 'Are ye goin' t'foipht
fur It?' sez Oi. 'N'tcr hell wid- it
they. Well, yer hanner. Oi aint ai
an me feet as Oi wansl wuz, so wan ava
thim got away. Oi caught th' uther an'
whin th' cops pulled me aff aye him
they sine me ter soak an' him ter th'
hasplt'l."
"You seem to take a good deal of inter
est* in the flag." said the Judge, when
the prisoner had finished. "Are you a na
tive of this country?"
"No, yer hanner; Oi wuz horn in Kerry
an' rum over here in 'til. Oi wint South
at wanst an a little picnic wid a party
aye byes callin' thimselves th. 69th aye
Noo York an' Oi niver got back fur five
years. Thin Oi wint wid a gintleman bo
th' name aye Custer ter look at some In
juns, an' if Oi hadent a bin in th' has
plt'l wid a little throuble Oi got at th'
stone wall at Fredricksburg Oi wud ava
bin wid him yet. So, ye see. Judge. Oi
r.iver had toime ter get. me papers, but.
Oi vote jist th" same."
"Dismiss the charge," said the Judge.
"Prisoner, you may go."
L. L. Meyers of the North Bloomfield
mine is staying at the Grand, where he
arrived last night.
H. J. Small, superintendent of the
Southern Pacific shops at Sacramento, Is
a guest at the Grand.
James F. Farraher of Yreka 1b at the
Palace, where he arrived yesterday, ac
companied by his wife.
W. R. Dargie. proprietor of the Oak
land Tribune, has taken rooms at the
Grand for a short stay.
George N. Nagle and wife of Cheyenne.
Wyo.i are among those who registered
at the Palace yesterday.
George T. Coffey has come up to the
city from his home in San Juan and Is
registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. O. J. Wilson of Cincinnati
are staying at the Palace while in the
city on a visit of pleasure.
M. W. Topper, a prominent and
wealthy business man of Pittsburg, is
registered at the Occidental.
W. C. Parker, one of the largest ranch
ers in the vicinity of Kenwood, arrived at
the Grand yesterday afternoon.
Fred Knox, the well-known and popular
Sacramento lumber merchant, is in the
city for a few days on a short business
trip.
Theron and Miss Butterworth are two
of the late arrivals at the California,
They are registered from Morristown,
N. J.
Mr. and Mrs. James W. Lee, accompa
nied by their daughter, are among the.
guests who arrived at the Occidental oa
the overland last night.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April 25.— Henry Kuhn of
San Francisco is at the Hotel Imperial.
R. H. Sprague of San Francisco is J at the
Albemarle Hotel.
ANSWERS "TO" CORRESPONDENTS.
GUNS ON MAN-OF-WAR-W. 1 - J. I'-.
Los Angeles. Cal. But few vessels of the
modern type have puns on the lower
decks but on those where there are such
the guns can be depressed or elevated,
the depression or elevation depending on
the height of the porthole and size of the
gun.
AX OILER— T. D. C Alameda, Cai. It
is not absolutely requisite that an indi
vidual who wants to go as an apprentice
oiler on a steamship should have had any
previous experience. An Individual
ing such a position should tile a letter of
application with the company he would
like to work for. If the applicant has
any recommendations to offer it would
be proper to file such with the applica
tion. .
ABOLITIONIST-J. A. F., F.:-S<w«on.
Minn.. The answer that was published
in The Call to the effect that Abraham
Lincoln was an abolitionist was correrv,
for his public acts show that, particu
larly his vote, while in Congress, for the
abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia. A man is an abolitionist who
favors the abolition of slavery by what
ever means the end can be best accom
plished, whether by radical measures, by
gradual emancipation or by payment of
sums of money to owners of slaves. Lin
coln believed that slavery was wrong,
wanted to see it abolished, and when he
had an opportunity. In Congress, he gave
expression to his desire by voting as he
did. and finally abolished slavery by hia
grand emancipation proclamation.
BLACK ANTS— A. O. S., San Leandro,
Cal. The following is said to be excellent
for destroying black ants. Boil four
ounces of quassia chips in one gallon of
water for ten minutes, and add four
ounces of soft soap. t'se this where the
ants congregate. A few leaves of green
wormwood scattered among the haunts of •
these troublesome pests, it is said, will
effectually dislodge them. Or else grease
a plate with fresh lard and set it where
the insects abound, i>lace a few sticks
from the place on which the plate rest 3
to the edge of the plate so tTit? Insects
can climb up to the plate, and they will
then start for the' lard, deserting sugar
for it. They get caught on the lard and.
cannot get away. After that they may
be easily destroyed. j^Pgj
■ ♦ i
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend's.*
» ♦ «
Alaska cut rates. First steamer direct
to Dawson leaves May 3; few berths left.
Apply 46 Market street, San Francisco. •
. • ♦ ■ —
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1u42. *
■ » ■
A Chinese traveler applying. for a pass
port must have his palm brushed over
with fine oil paint, and then press it on
thin damp paper, which retains an exact
impression of the lines of his hand. Trans
ference of the passport is then impossi
ble, for no two persons have the same
lines on their palms.
A Pi.igut Cold, a Nkclkctkd. oftW At-
TACKS THK LUNGS. -Bruu-n* BrwxcMal Troche,
give Immediate and effectual reiier.
Thk most efficacious stimulant to sharpen the
appetite isDn. Siegert's Ax gostuba Bitters.
Don't accept an Imitation.
One of the ballots for Themistocles has
Ins? been found by German excavators
in the Areopagus, going back to a date
in it than 470 B C. as that was the
C rl r e in wh"ch that celebrated worker of
the Athenian primaries was banished It
is an inscribed potsherd bearing his
name and. with proper .care, is good for
ShP?2SOO years. There are only three
such sou"venirs of the old Greek elections
in existence, and only this one bears the
name of Themistocles-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Roya! is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
laird further than may other braad.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
BOYAI. BAKINQ POWDER 00. , WtW YPMCORGANIZED FOR HUMANITY
f~** ALIFORXIA will no only cheer
io fully furnish to the Government
its quota of soldiers. It has raised
high the banner of the Red Cross, and,
where the stars and stripes may be
called, the Red Cross will follow. Un
der its shadow will be devoted men and
women, ready to attend the woundei
and the sick, anxious to bra-e danger
that the hardship of the boys at the
front may be lessened, their patriotism
quickened by the thought that the coun
try sustains them.
The Red Cro^ League has been or
ganized. There is hack of it an earnest
purpose. Women were at the meeting,
and, as they talked of the work ahead,
their voices trembled, for some of them
thought the plans discussed for gentle
ministration on the field of battle or in
the hospital might mean the placing of
a cup of water to the lips of their own
sons. Some remembered well the suf
fering after every engagement of the
late war in this country. Some had
known the sorrow of sending away rela
tives who had not returned. There was
no division of sentiment. It became evi
dent that the women were to take a
prominent part. Every humane sug
gestion came from them or received
their quick indorsement.
~ One gentleman could not see the need
haste. lie remarked that nobody
had been slain, that r.o soldier was
bleeding. Gently but firmly the ladies
overruled him. but with a graciousness
winch retrained from characterizing his
position as ridiculous. They all real
ized the present to be the time for ac
tion. There could be no excuse tor de
lay, and in.i.c was accepted. Of course
first formal meeting could do little
c than discuss the broad proposition
of supplying relief in every possible
. The details will be arranged
later, but with no unnecessary delay.
There are many things to be provided.
be raised, but all will be
given. The spirit of patriotism is in the
air. People are ready to give. They
are only waiting for the opportunity.
It will s ■' m be at hand.
The prevalent idea as manifest at the
meeting was that especial attention be
welfare of troops gjing from
California, as other States are preparing
are of their own. But the
services oi the league are to be ten
. to the national Government An
especial effort will be made to see that
•rnian volunteers shall go to
the front equipped with every appliance
for comfort ami the preservation of
health, that the medical corps in charge
of them shall have a full supply of mod
ern instruments. There must be special
tents, bedding, tent stoves; a thousand
articles such as will not be in the regu
lar Government stores. That all these
will be forthcoming there is no shadow
of doubv.
But while California naturally thinks
first of her own, where there are wound
ed men in need of attention, where the
sick lie in hospitals, patriotism draws
no line. The Red Cross knows no fav
orites. It has no enemy. Even the foe
man loses his character as such and be
comes but a suffering mortal. The hu
manity which takes to the place of car
nage the emblem of mercy is as broad
as the world. It will not ask whether a
man is from the Pacific or the ever
glades, whether his home is among the
hills of New England or the Carolina
pines.
ORGANIZED FOR
HUMANITY.
The Red Cross League and
Sanitary Commission
o? California.
Honorary President — James H.
Budd.
President — Mrs. William B. Har
rington, 1118 Sacramento street.
Vice-presidents — Bey. Father Wy
man, Paulist Fathers. 628 California
street; Rabbi Voorsanger, southwest
corner of Post and Frr.nklin streets;
Bey. Dr. Foute, rector Grace Church,
1915 Gough street.
Secretary — Dr. G. F. Hanson, N. G.
C. Sanitary Corps, 639 Kearny street.
WOMAN WILL
TAKE HER PLACE
The California Club Will Rival
the Famous Woman's Club
of Chicago.
It Will Meet on Thursday Afternoon
When the List of Charier Mem
bers Win Be Closed.
San Francisco has lone been noted for
the number, variety and size of her wo
men's clubs, but the latest addition to
her home treasures in this .especial line
—the California Club— fair to not
only hold her own among her elder sis
ters, but to win for herself a most envla
ble Place in the estimation of the com
munity. This club, which owes its being
to the inspiration, enthusiasm and exec
utlve ability of Mrs. Lovell White, crys
tallized from an idea into a reality only
a week or bo since, and already it has on
Its roll of charter members over 300 of
the most representative women of our
city, together with a large number of
prominent ladies living acros" the bay
and in our larger countr towns
Modeled after the famous Woman's
Club of i I cago. which In its twenty
years ,of existence has done an almost
ncalculable amount of private and pub
lic good, this new club intends not to
follow in the footsteps of the usual ir
tlstic, scientific, literary, or musical • to-
Cieties, but to combine the best features
of all. and "do noble deeds not dream
them all day long." The dominant idea
of its organization Is practice instead of
r theory. There are to be four depart-
.each of which Is to be com Die te
In Itself, having its own quota of officers
and doing its work in its own *ay The
reform and home departments of th*
Chicago club are to be for the present
omitted, but there is to be an educational
department under the leadership of Mis 4
Mary E. Lake, the well-known and sue
UNFURLING THE BANNER'OF THE RED CROSS.
Treasurer — "William Alvord, Bank
of California.
The Call's suggestion that California
lead the way in organizing a Red Cross
League crystallized into action yester
day when the committee appointed by
Governor Budd met at the California
Hotel and effected permanent organiza
tion.
The meeting was a innst er.'.huslas
tic one, every member of it being 1 ready
and eager to enter upon the work. In
addition to the ladies and gentlemen
appointed by the Governor there were
present many others, commissioned on
ly by the warm interest they feel in
the boys in blue and the patriotic im
pulses awakened by the war with
Spain. Although these non-commis-
Bioned officers of the great merciful
army took no prominent part in yester
day's proceedings, they were made wel
come by the Red Cross League and
Sanitary Commission of California—
which is the name adopted at the Rev.
Dr. Foute's suggestion by l*"» loyal
m*-n and women whom the Governor
had placed at the head.
Surgeon - General Hopkins stated
briefly the purposes for which the
meeting had been called.
"We have met," he said, "at the call
coFsful educator: an art and literature
Bectlon, in charge of Mrs. Kanmn K. Wil-
Bon, who l:;is sum.- nni^t original and
progressive ideas regarding the manner
of obtaining the most good for the great
imb< i oui ol her especial line of
w prk; ;md :l iIp partnvnt of civics, over
which the young and handsome Dr. Dor-
Moore, who has been working for
Bpme time with Jane Addarn at Hull
Ho ■ ■ hicago, has been called upon to
pr< fde. The Bection devoted to philan
thropy is at the present time not fully
organized, though its line of work has
been laid out and carefully studied The
• is to he to helD persona to help
themselves, and In such a way aa to en
able them to preserve their own dignity
and Bel f -re
The departments are to meet weekly
but a meeting of the club as a whole Is
to take Rlace on next Thursday afternoon
at the California Hotel, on which occa
sion the list of charter members is to be
closed. Hon. John P, Irish will a<
the interest of this meeting by delivering
an address on "What Women May Do in
Municipal Government."
That the club starts under the most
flattering auspicea may be Judged from
tho fact that on its roll nro tho names of
women from the most select fashionable
circles, such as Mrs. Walter E Deane
Mrs. Jeremiah ''lark, Mrs. Horace Da-!
vis, Mrs. W. P. Morgan, Mrs. B B Cut
ter, Mrs. Horace Hill and Mrs. John F
Swift, and women who arc' widely known
for thoir literary, artistic, musical and
philanthropic work. Mrs. James i> Phe
lan, Mrs. Austin Sperry. Mrs. <;. w. Bea
ver, Miss Kate Beaver, Mrs. Horace Wil
son, Mrs. Phoebe Hearst, Mrs. i; ( . orro
W. Gibbs, Mrs. S. w. Holladay and the
presidents of nearly all the promen's
clubs of standing in tho city are among
the earliest charter members.
The president is Mrs. Lovell White-
Mrs.. J. Orr, Mrs. A. R. Cotton. Mrs. \y'
H. Mills and Mrs. John Tl. Jewett are the
vice-presidents; Mrs. Hud wen 8 wain is
treasurer, Mrs. J. J. Scovll corresponding
secretary, and the board of directors in-
Cludes Mrs. James Spiers. Mrs. I. I,ow
onburg. Dr. Amy Bowen, Miss Mary
Very, Mrs. A. L. Jfavw.-ird. T\'rs. W E
Hale, Miss Mary Donelly. Mrs. L. Al
drkh and Mrs. Jamefl Denmoa.
In the Divorce Courts.
Theresa Bree ha 3 been granted a di
vorce from Gerhard J. Bree on the ground
of failure to provide. The decree of di
vorce grants her tho right to resume her
maiden name, Theresa Baurnsteiger.
THE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, IS9S.
of the adjutant-general to consider
means of amelioriatiag the situation <>f
the soldiers who may be engaged in the
war. The suggestion of forming a San
itary < 'ommissio-n, which came first
from The Call, has been enthusiastical
ly received by the people, and our meet
ing is the nsult. There is much for us
to do, and our action should be
prompt."
On motion, ex-Chief of Police Crow
ley took the chair as temporary presi
dent and Dr. W. D. McCarthy, X. G.
C, was named for temporary secre
tary.
The Rev. Horatio Stebbins was in
favor of organizing as a branch of the
National Red Cross Association.
"This movement should be a national
one — net a State institution. We be
, long and are a part of a great national
organization. If my son ~~-~~ lo war he
goes noi ;..s a soldier of California, but
as a citizen of the United States. Let
us organize and then inform the proper
head of the Red Cross that we are
ready to respond to any call that shall
|be made upon us. The war may be
i brief, or contingencies may arise to
prolong it for three years or so. Not
a drop of blood lias been Bhed as yet
God errant that not a drop will be rhn]."
"I agree with Dr. Stebbins," said
Rabbi Voorsanger. "Indisputably our
The following new suits for divorce
were filed yesterday in the County Clerk's
office: Ltllie Linden from August J. Lin
den on the ground of infidelity; Joseph
Irving from Margaret Irving, desertion-
C. A. Carillon from Theresa Carillon, de
sertion, and Mary L. Carlson from John
\V. Carlson, failure to provide.
TOOK CARBOLIC ACID.
Frederick C. Bidinger, a Butcher,
Commits Apparently Causeless
Suicide.
Frederick C. Bidinger. a butcher, resid
ing at 1445 Harrison street, was found
dead In bed yesterday morning by his
brother Kdward. Edward, with his fam
ily, occupied a front room. At 6 o'clock
iii the morning Edward entered the room
of the deceased and shook him by the
shoulder, at the sa-ne time calling upon
him to get up. Then he discovered that
iiis brother was cold and dead.
A bottle of carbolic acid and a glass
containing some of the stuff were found
on tho bureau near the head of Freder
ick's bed. His relatives know of no cause
for the suicide, although the man had
appeared to be a little downhearted for
some time before his death.
The deceased was a native of San Fran
cisco, ol vea.rs - old. An inquest will bo
held.
FOUND DROWNED.
J. G. Gerken, a Sewing Machine
Agent, Ends a Spree in the
Waters of the Bay.
The body of an unknown man was
found yesterday morning floating in the
bay at the foot of Third street by a boat
man named W. Randall. The body had
been in the water about a week and the
features were unrecognizable, but when
the clothing was searched at the Morgue
papers were found showinc that the de
ceased was J. O. GerJceo, agent for the
Domestic Sewing Machine Company, at
l"ii Market street.
Gerken was a drinking man and wont
off on a spree about a week ago. since
which time lie had not been seen by any
of his friends. His son Arthur, of 20C
Post street, called at the Morgue in the
afternoon and identified the remains as
those of his father, lie had not seen his
first organization should be a national
one. But in addition to this there is
the closer, personal relation in which
we stand to the men who have gone to
the front from California. They should
be our peculiar rare. Whether the ser
vice we are failed upon to perform is
in raising funds, or forwarding supplies
or sending- trained nurses, men ..r
women, as may be decided, the feeling
that the soldiers from California are
our buys and are entitled to our first
consideration is the strongest. My own
son may have to g<> to the front. I
can't lose my personal interest in him
because he is regarded by the Govern
ment simply as an American soldier.
"For my part, I am not so much
afraid of battle as I am of disease.
Our boys will be exposed to the rigors
of disease more than to the puns of the
Spaniards. I am afraid of the hand of
God, not of bullets from the hands of
men. We must remember that every
germ of yellow fever that has come to
America came frnm Cuba.
"The national and the State interest
may be united, I think. But it is of
! imperative necessity that we act at
| once."
Surgeon-General Hopkins then ad
i dressed the meeting. He spoke strong
ly on the requirements of the situation,
dwelling upon California's duty to her
own sons first.
"We need ambulances, stores, medical
supplies. We are prepared only on a
| peace footing. When it comes to real
war our nr^ds are multiplied a thou
sandfold. We are not in condition to
father for two years. The widow is visit
ing friends in the country.
THE NATIONAL UNIVERSITY.
A Meeting to Be Held Next Thursday
Evening to Increase In
terest in It.
The George Washington Memorial As
sociation will hold a meeting at Golden
Gate Hall next Thursday evening.
This association has been organized to
promote a patriotic interest in the be
quest made by Washington ninety-nine
years ago to establish a national univer
sity. The meeting will be addressed oy
Martin Kellogg and Bernard Moses of the
University of California. Dr.- Clyde A.
Duniway of Stanford, Charles L, Bar
rington of the Board of Education, Irv
ing M. Scott, Rabbi Voorsanger and Gen
eral N. P. Chlpman. Patriotic songs will
be rendered by Mrs. Alfred Abbey and
Herr Anton Schott.
Special Notice.
To those troubled with itching scalp,
dandruff and falling hair, cut this out
and mail to Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal.,
who will send free sample of Smith's
Dandruff Pomade, which is for salo by
all druggists. ♦
President McKinley Pleased.
The Chamber of Commerce in this city
received a reply from President McKin
ley yesterday thanking that body for its
letter indorsing his policy during the ne
gotiations just had with Spain.
The members of the Chamber feel very
proud of this recognition coming from the
head of the Government in response to
their indorsement of the dignified and
firm stand taken by the chief magistrate
of the nation.
Thrashed His Old Mother.
George Holland was arrested Sunday for
brutally L eating his old mother, lie* was
under the influence of liquor at the time.
He appeared in Judge Low's court yes
The fac-simile yH& s/fT* "* '** on ever wrapper
signature of V&^v^^fe' of CASTOEIA.
| care for wounds or disease of a serious
nature among the men of the National
Guard, who hourly expect a call to
arms. It's as necessary for a surgeon
to bo provided with sanitary supplies
as it is tor a soldier to have his gun. If
! California supplies the one, why not the
i other? The United States Government
i is capable of managing sanitary mat
ters in a most thorough and careful
way. But 1 doubt the Government's
ability to care for the volunteers in ad
j dition to the regular army. Let us pro
j teot our own first. When our boys are
i properly provided for we can turn over
; what remains to the general fund."
There was applause from feminine
hands at this view of the case. It was
the women in yesterday's meeting that
1 were the radicals. They are tingling
with the desire to do what lies in their
power for tha comfort of the sons and
I brothers, whoso departure for the East
draws nearer and nearer.
"I have two sons," said Mrs. John G.
j Clark, who was vice-president of the
Sanitary Commission during the civil
war, "who are likely to be called upon.
Both are eligible. Both are anxious to
I go. I'm not the only mother who feels
that our first care should be for these
— our own boys."
"We don't want any money. As yet
we don't need any money," said Dr.
Stebbins.
"We'd like to have some, I assure
you," said Dr. Hopkins, earnestly, "it
will take $3000 to properly equip our
men."
"It costs a little fortune to care for
terday, and his mother, who lives at 150
Soutb Park, showed from a pair of black
cued eyes and bruises on her face ample
evidence of bis guilt. She s*a!d it had not
been the first time lie had beaten her, at;d
his conduct had driven all the lodgers
frivm the hciUFe. The Judpe convicted him
and ordered him to appear for sentence
this morning. Then the mother pleaded
with the Jnd^e to let him off. but It was
no use, and he will get the limit.
Afl Should Contribute.
Colonel A. S. Hubbard, registrar of the
Military Order, of Foreign Wars of the
United States, says: "The Red Cross
League should be endorsed by every pa
triotic citizen. Every citizen not bearing
arms should contribute his or her mite to
care for the sick and wounded, and miti
gate as far as possible the unavoidable
brutalities of war."
The California Commander? of the Mil
itary Order of Foreign Wars is an organ
ization composed of the descendants of
officers who participated in the war of
the revolution, the war of Tripoli, tii<
war of ISI2 and the Mexican war.
Organizing in Oakland.
OAKLAND. April 25.— A Red Cross So
ciety will be organized In this city to
morrow afternoon. At that time the regu
lar fortnightly luncheon will occur at the
Ebell Society rooms. At that time the
Ebell ladies will take the initiative and
the plans will be laid for their future ac
tion. It is thought now that this will be
followed Wednesday by a public meeting
called for the purpose of interesting all
of the women of the city.
The Railroad Company Won.
A verdict for the defendant 1 was ren
dered by. a jury .In,, Judge- Hunt's court
yesterday in the suit of Mrs. Ann Kearm
against the Market Street Railway Com
pany. ' She sought to recover 110,000 dam
ages for injuries alleged to have been re
ceived -on November 27 last, "by fallinjr
while alighting from. a Castro-street car."
men in camp," said Dr. McCarthy. "No I
one realizes what is needed for drugs |
and supplies, for blankets, extra instru- j
ments, cooking utensils, hospital tents, !
and all the rest of it. It would be a
grave mistake to wait to hear from |
Washington before we begin our work.
Some of the things we need would have j
to be made; some might have to come \
from Europe. I shouldn't like to be put i
in a position where I must say to a j
sick or wounded soldier, 'I'm sorry I I
can't help you now, but in a week or |
two. if you'll not die till then, the neees- I
sary supplies will arrive.' No, I be
lieve that charity begins at home."
Again there was applause from the
northwest corner of the room, where j
representatives of all creeds, no creeds, |
and both sexes had met. fused into
sympathy by love and patriotism.
It was Rabbi Voorsanger who playad
peace-maker.
"Let us fight it out now." he said.
"I believe Pr. Stebbins is right, and so
is Dr. Hopkins."
And to prove that his double-edged
agreement was* not a paradox Dr. Voor
sanger offered the following resolution
which satisfied both sections:
"It is the sense of this meeting:
"First — That as a branch of the Red
Cross League and Sanitary Commis- |
I
HOPE FOR A
STRONG LEAGUE.
SAN FRANCISCO. April 25. 1898.
The purposes ,of the Red Cross
League appeal to the finest feel
ngs of humanity. Being for the
amelioration of the horrors of
nrar, by alleviating its attendant
sufferings, it should call for the
hearty support of the whole com
munity. I hope to see a powerful
branch established on this coast.
Patriotism and benevolence alike
call for it.
EDWIN BOXXELL.
slon of California communication be
had with Washington placing our ser
vices at the disposal of the Govern
ment.
"Second — That as citizens of Califor- !
nia we indorse a movement to enlarge ;
and strengthen the resources of the j
sanitary corps of the National Guard j
of California with a view of securing j
the sanitary condition of the regiments i
to be sent to the front, as well as of
the militia generally."
Just before the meeting adjourned
Mrs. A. S. Hubbard. regent of the
Daughters of the Revolution, handed
to the permanent chairman. Mrs. Wil
lard B. Harrington, a check for $-0 sent
by Mrs. William B. Alvord, president f.f
the Sanitary Commission thirty-five
years ago, and a dollar, from Miss Isa- I
bel Dennison of San Mat*?o. Cal., who
is a representative of the Valentine ;
Holt Society of the Children of the
American Revolution, and is the first '
child to contribute to the Red Cross
treasury on the Pacific Coast.
The next meeting will take place on
Monday evening, May 2, at the Califor
nia Hotel, when, as ex-Chief Crowley ]
says, "there will be a fuller representa- j
tion of those who sympathize with us
and wish to be of service in this great
work."
RED CROSS
IN BERKELEY.
Students Organize a Sani
tary Commission to Aid
the Good Work.
BERKELEY, April 25.— Not to be out
done in charitable effort by their elders,
the students of the Berkeley High School
have taken up the Red Cross work with
a will, and as a result the Berkeley High
School Sanitary Commission has already
been organized in the school. The organ
ization was begun to-day, when an enthu
siastic meeting was held at the High
School building.
The following officers were elected:
President, Rev. -John Coyle. pastor of
Trinity Methodist Church; vice-president,
Professor S. D. "Waterman, principal of
the Berkeley High School; secretary, J.
L. Wilson; treasurer. H. Leo Dungan;
advisory committee — Miss M. B. Clayes,
Miss Annie McCleane, Miss Gertrude
Burgess. Charles Howard, H. Leo Dun
gan, J. L. Wilson and George H. Hull;
medical advisorm board— Dr. Henry S.
Greenleaf, Dr. J. 3. Eastman and Dr. H.
N. RowelL
The organization of the. commission will
be perfected next Thursday, when a spe
cial meeting of the associated students of
the High School will be held for the pur
pose. _^ —
New Incorporation.
The Modelo Oil Company has been In
corporated by William M. Gardiner. A. C.
Kerry. Edwin Schwab, W. B. Cope and
A. F. Morrison.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Did You Read. the Endorsing Criticisms?
4 NIGHTS MORE AND SATURDAY MAT.
AS POPULAR AS EVER. .
TRILBY!
A Complete Production.
Excellent 'Cast. Popular Prices.
15c. Be and 50c. No Higher.
NEXT MONDAY— "A TEXAS STEER."
SPECIAL-
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.
GALA PERFORMANCE.
Supported by the
DAMROSCH ELLIS OPERA CO.
SATURDAY EVENING. APRIL 30.
PROGRAMME.
1. Overture, "Freischutz"....'. Orchestra
! Act 2 "Romeo and Juliet" (In French).
MME. MELBA as JULIET.
3. Song "The Two Grenadiers" Mr. Rains
i. Act 3 "Rl-olPttn." -
"MME. MELBA as GILDA.
3. Mlcaela's Aria from "Carmen* '.(ln costume).
MLLE. .TORONTA -(Her First Appearance).
<;. Prologue. "II PagUacci"......Slg. Campanari
7. Act ' 4 "Lucia" (mad scene).. Mine. Melba
i. .Act r. "Faust."
MME. MELBA as MARGUERITE.
Npw York Pvmphnny Orchestro.
Seats on Sale TO-MORROW MORNING.
Al>rll 27.. ; ■■■'-■■
BALDWIN_THEATER.
Ptar company and comedy enthusiastically
received. To-night and all the week. Matinee
Saturday. :■•
■FERRIS HARTMAIN
And a Complete Comedy Company Direct from
New York in the Nautical Farcical Comedy,
TWE PURSER. "
.As refreshing aS.an ocean • brepze. War
bulletins between the acts. Coming— The Great
I'll. ir Ainiiii. Extra — Begliinlng Wednesday
April ' 27, every afternoon; including Sunday
(except Saturday) at 3. a magnificent religious
production of ihe famous "PASSION PLAY."
Reproduced' by means of, soul-stirring lifelike
moving pictures. Realistfc accessories,
S'-;iis, Zsu; Children, lie.
COLUM"BIA_THEATER. -
TO-NIGHT- SECOND AND LAST WEEK
Farewell Appearance of the Dainty Comedienne.
MARIE.:JANSEN,
..•.,_ In' Her Latest Success.
'THE NANCY HANKS."
Built for Laughing Purposes Only.
. . ' ' • Enjoy Yourselves. .
Next Monday-ROBEKT MANTELX. In "A
3ECRKX WARRANT. "
; V ' ADVERTISEMENTS. .
'/ JOB »*^RSP Nrjw^B^S^^BlffS^
JU& Jl \3p^ y Q> V w Cs'^UHA
Our ability to brew a beer
of unusual high quality
; gives us an extraordinary
ability to please consumers.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 4J6-41S Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
Dr'uiSsf CATARRH
for a, generous ' . „ „
IOCENT S^td^'-V^*
"lALB.ZE. |||«f
ELY'S ' BwaEaiag 1 !?"!
CREAM BALM §* JwA
contains no cocaine. mer-J^to^ ~^*S
cury or any other ni ur ' ous K*^__^-^§^Hjß
Tt & opens and cleans *eW^>%?^
Nasal Passages, Allay?
Pain anrl Inflammation. P|| IW ' Hflf
Heals and Protects thc LULUinHtftU
Membrane. Utl LU 111 1 1 LHI
Restores the Senses of -
Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives
relief at »nc«. 50 cts.'at Drag-gists or by mall;
Trial Slz.. 10c. at l'rug'-rlsts or by mall.
KLY BROTHERS, t.6 Warren St.. New York.
WONG WOO,
f^W CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'RP J SANITARIUM,
yj=r-£ 776 CLAY 6T., San Francisco, Cal.
«^PI% All diseases cured exclusive-
JeQL™ ly b - v Chinese heiis. over 3000
rKfk-iU'--*** varieties being usea. ADVICE
j FREE. Hours, 'j:3O to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7to
9 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
I moroscoT grandTperPouse
Walter Uorosco ..Sole Lessee and Managsr.
Extraordinary Star Engagement of the Great
American Soubrette,
LETTIE LE VYNE
As NORA DONLIN, in the Charming Irish.
Comedy Drama,
"THE WICKLOW POSTMAN,"
Introducing the New National Anthem,
"REMEMBER, BOYS. THE MAINE!" |
Specially Engaged, the. Young Actor, j
LAWRENCE UNDERWOOD. i
THE ACME QUARTET.
In Songs and Specialties.
I Evening Prices 10c, 25c. 50a
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
w
Extraordinary Sensational New Bill.
A Most Artistic Vaudeville Triumph.
KERNER'S TABLEAUX VIVANTS.
Most Expensive Production of Living Picture*
Ever Attempted in America.
Also LIZZIE B. RATMOKD RENO &
RICHARDS, TONY WILSON & CLOWN
SMITH. O'BRIEN. SIGNORA CASTELLO'
ROBERTA & DORETTA, FISH & QUIGG, and
M'tMOOMERY & STONE.
Reserved seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING AT g SHARP.
SECOND EDITION OF
THE GLORIOUS SUCCESS.
Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque.
SINBAD THE SAILOR!
SHOUTS OF APPROVAL RECEIVE
'■THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER,"
Finale to Act Second.
Everything new and up to date.
NEXT "WANG"
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. . No telephone.
ALCAZAR. ga™-.
OUR PROMISE FULFILLED.
L. R. STOCKWELL
—AND—
"THE GAY PARISIANS!"
Receive an Ovation Every Nierht Thi9 Weelc
MATINEE SATURDAY. ••
NOTE PRICES— ISc. 25c. 35c. 50c.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MATINEES, Friday and Saturday. 3 O'clock.
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM
The Child Pianist and Composer. Unparal-
leled In the Musical World. Assisted by
FLORENCE SCARBOROUGH,
CONTRALTO.
■ Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
50c and $1; Children, 25c.
SUTRO_BATHS.
—REMEMBER THE MONSTER
MAY DAY FESTIVAI#-
SATURDAY, April 30, IS9S.
OT VMPI A I C-orner of Mfson anJ
UL> X " lriA I Eddy Stow*
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
Direct from New York. CYRENE. The Cuban
Terpsichorean Wonder, and a great olio of
specialties. Admission free. House heated.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
' ';. (Ingleside Track.)
Racing From Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M.
•S. P, R. R. TRAINS. 12:45 and 1:15 p. m. DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. J Returning immediately after th«
races.
Kearny-street and Mission-street cars every
Ihree minutes, direct to track without change.
FiUmore-street cars transfer each way.
: . B. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
ALL IS EXCITEMENT
AND CAPTAIN CARDONOS "AFRICAN
LION HUNT" and MANDOLA. the Juggling
' Comedian, Are Creating a Furor.
Every Afternoon and' Evening at the V
CHUTES.
10c to All. Including Zoo, etc. : Children. Be.
■ CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
78
HOW THE HOSTILE SHIPS ARE MOVING.
THE SAN FRAKCISUU UAJL.Ii, TUESDAY, APRIL 2U, l»y».TO COMMAND
DEFENSES OF
THE HARBOR
General Merriam, U. S. A., Issues an Order
Placing Colonel M. P. Miller, Third Artil
lery, in Charge of All the Batteries
and the Mine Field.
Garrison at Fort Point Will Be Re-enforced To-Day by
Troops From Angel Island and Fort Mason.
Department Commander Leaves for
Vancouver.
Important orders were is
sued yesterday by General
Merriam, commanding the De
partment of California. The
orders announce that Colonel
M. P. Miller, Third Artillery,
is placed in command of all
artillery troops, guns and de
fensive works, and in con
trol of all war materials in
and about San Francisco har
bor.
Post commanders are di
rected, while administering
post affairs, to subordinate all
other considerations to meet
the demands of Colonel Mil
ler.
All officers and Govern
ment agents charged with
functions connected with har
bor defense are enjoined to
keep in close touch and hearty
co-operation for effective de
fense at all hours.
It was ascertained at the
Presidio yesterday that the
order places Colonel Miller in
charge of the entire line of de
fense, embracing the island
batteries as well as Lime
Point works and the Fort
Point fortifications. The mor
tar batteries, the dynamite
guns, torpedoes and submarine
mines are also included.
To-day Colonel Miller will direct Bat
tery G, Third Artillery, First Lieuten
ant Benjamin H. Randolph command
ing, to take station at Fort Point. The
ftearoer McDowell will transport the
battery from Angel Island to the
I'residio.
Battery E. Third Artillery, Captain
Sedgwiok Pratt commanding will be
directed to move from Black Point
i Fort Mason) and take station at the
outer works near Fort Point.
It 13 no longer a secret that re-en
forcements are needed on the line of
works commanding the approach to
the Golden Gate. The three batteries
of the Third Artillery now on duty
there have been at the guns day and
night. The force is not sufficient for
the service required.
Lieutenant-Colonel Louis T. Morris,
Fourth Cavalry, still retains command
of the post at the Presidio. The ap
pointment of Colonel Miller to the com
mand of the artillery defenses of the
harbor does not disturb the status of
Colo-nel Morris.
Colonel Marcus P. Miller, Third Ar
tillery, was appointed a cadet at the
■United States Military Academy at West
Point, from Massachusetts. September 1,
1854, and was graduated July 1, ISSB. He
was appointed second lieutenant. Fourth
Artillery, September 27. 1559; first lieu
tenant May 14, 1861: captain May 11. 1564;
major. Fifth Artillery, September 14,
'lieutenant colonel. First Artillery,
October 10, I*> 34, and colonel, Third Artil
lery, in 1897.
For gallant and meritorious services in
the battle of Malvern Hill, Virginia, he
■was hrevetted captain July 1, 1862; he was
brevetted major March 13, lSt>s, for gallant
and meritorious services in tin- cavalry
campaign from Winchester to Richmond,
Va., March 31, 1865, he was brevetted lieu
tenant colonel for meritorious services in
the battle of Dinwiddie Courthouse, Vir
ginia, February 2, IS9O, he was brevetted
colonel for gallant and meritorious ser
vices in action against Indians in the
Lava Beds. California, April 17, 1K73. and
Bpecial gallantry and military ability in
action against Indians at Clearwater,
Idaho. July 11 and 12. 1577.
As soon as quarters can be arranged at
or near Fort Point Colonel Miller will es
tablish headquarters there. At present
lie will direct operations from the Pre-
Bidio, but will daily visit the batteries.
A powerful searchlight, which is< need
ed at Fort Point, will soon be provided.
The dynamo of the mortar battery can
supply the illuminating power.
Now that war has been declared the
necessity for an outside patrol is recog
nized. It is not known that a Spanish
cruiser Is within 2000 miles of San Fran
cisco, but yet the one chance In a hun
dred of a hostile craft making a dash in
this direction will not be lost sight of.
General Henry C. Merrlam, commanding
the departments of the Columbia and
California, accompanied by Major Thomas
11. Harry, adjutant general. Department
of Columbia, left San Francisco on last
evening's train for Vancouver Barracks,
Washington, headquarters of the Depart
ment of the Columbia,
Troops B, c. I and K. Fourth United
States Cavalry, under the command of
• I Morris, are performing garrison
duty at the Presidio. There is scarcely
a wheel on the reservation and outside
labor is hired for garrison work.
troopen of the Fourth Cavalry are
ready to leave for the front at an hour's
notice, but the impression prevails that
no more regulars will b>> sent to the scene
of probable conflict until volunteers are
available for duty at -the Presidio.
MOUNTED MEN.
A Regiment of Southern
California Volunteer
Cavalry.
The scenes around the Governor's head
quarters yesterday were full of life and
animation. At an early hour the promi
nent officers began to gather in anticipa
tion of expected orders from the East,
and much speculation was engaged In.
<me of the most prominent arrivals
during the day was that of Lieutenant-
Colonel H. W. Patton of the newly or
ganized First Regiment Southern Califor
nia Volunteer Cavalry of Los Angeles
County. Tho regiment is composed of
twelve troops of 100 men each, and i s
commanded by Colonel Johnstone Junes,
who for many years was adjutant-general
of North Carolina. Colonel Patton pre
sented the following resolution to Gov
ernor Budd:
To his Excellency James H. Budd. Governor
of California— Sir: I have the honor to re
port to you the organization of the First
Rpglment. Southern California Volunteer Cav
alry, and to tender to you through Lieuten
ant Colonel H. W. Patton the services of Bali
regiment In the conflict now belnj wageJ
against Spain. Our preference is for the
front, but we are at your command and will
go wherever you order us. Very respectfully
JOHXSTONE JONES
The majors of squadrons are L. E.
Mocher, M. L. Starin and J. T. Thompson.
Colonel Thomas M. Cluff and Lieuten
ants AY. A. Hals-tead and C. H. Murphy
of General Dickinson's staff were at head
quarters early in the day.
Colonels Hurpln and Bush were again
on duty assisting 'he adjutant-general.
It was learned yesferday and was later
confirmed by the Governor that he has
during the past few days been busy ascer
taining the status and class of. the officers
of the National Guard— that is as to their
ability, fitness and whether married or
single. The adjutant-general and Captain
Carrington have left absolutely no stone
unturned to assist the Governor in secur
ing every possible piece of detailed in
formation concerning the National Guard
that may be of service.
Lieutenant F. L. Pinkey, Lieutenant E.
B. Babbitt of the United States ordnance
station at Benicia. Captain AY. D. Smythe
date of the Indian Staff Corps) and J. R.
ry. M.D. (late assistant surgeon
I'nited States Volunteers) were at head
quarters.
All day long there was the same con
tinual stream of callers, who wanted to
offer their services. In every instance
they were told to file their applications
and that they would be considered at the
proper time.
SECOND COUNCIL,
The Governor Collects In
formation for the War
Department.
Governor Budd, Adjutant-General Bar
rett, Major-General Dickinson, Brigadier-
General Warfield and Captain Carrington
held an important conference until quite
a late hour last night. At the conclusion
of the conference. Governor Budd said:
"We held the conference for the purpose
of considering as to the best method of
collecting from the Guard and furnishing
the War Department with desired infor
mation. Orders have been issued by
which the desired information will be
s. lit to the War Department to-morrow,
in addition to that which they have al
ready transmitted to Washington. There
was nothing else considered at the con
ference."
Headquarters will be kept open from
now until it is definitely known just what
will be done.
"MAY BE NEEDED."
Lieutenant Sidney A. Clo
man Ordered to Remain
at Berkeley,
BERKELEY, April 25.— Lieutenant 8.
A. Cloman, Fifteenth Infantry, O. S. A.,
commandant of the cadet battalions at
the university, to-day received a telegram
from Washington denying him permission
to leave the university to Join the army
at the front. The dispatch, which came
from Assistant Adjutant-General Schwan,
was as follows:
"Request for release from duty at the
university not approved by the Secretary
of War at present. Your services may
be needed in California."
Lieutenant Cloman is not certain just
what is meant by the suggestive closing
sentence of the dispatch. "It may be
that I shall be required to assist in mus
tering in recruits, he said, "or possibly
to assist In coast defense, although we
have plenty of men in California for this
purpose. It is not unlikely if danger on
this coast were apprehended an increased
force of troops would be sent to protect
Puget Sound, which is not nearly so
strongly fortified as San Francisco har
bor."
Although the university cannot send its
military commander to the war it will
send its two cannon to the front. Presi
dent Kellogg to-day received a dispatch
from the Avar Department requesting
him to have the big guns forwarded to
the Rock Island Arsenal. Illinois. Ar
morer John Mitchell and half a dozen pa
triotic students immediately pet to work
and spent most of the day getting the
guns, carriages and limbers ready for
their trip across the continent. The guns
will be shipped from Berkeley Station
about 11 o'clock to-morrow morning, and
a number of the students are preparing
to make the event an occasion for a grand
patriotic demonstration.
In spite of the departure for the Bast
of Colonel George Burton, U. S. A., who
was to have reviewed the university cadet
battalions next Thursday, the review and
inspection will take place. Major Ed
ward Field, U. S. A., will be the review
ing officer. The inspection will take place
at 10:30 a, m.. followed at 1:30 p. m. by
regimental review, bayonet exercise, bat
talion drill and company competitive
drill.
A COAST PATROL.
Necessity of Such a Sys
tem Shown to the
Government.
An effective patrol system for the coast
line of California is just now occupying
the attention of the local army and navy
officers, and the result will be a system
of land and sea outposts that will be able
to announce the presence of any hostile
vessel long before she can get within
striking distance of San Francisco.
The necessity for such a patrol was tel
graphed in cipher to Washington yester
day, together with an estimate of what
such a system would require. It suggests
a patrol fleet, plenty of searchlights, both
afloat and ashore, and a system of sig
nals and telephonic and telegraphic com
munication, which will effectually cover
the coast.
It is not known just what action the
Government will takf. but it is expected
that there will be no delay in putting
some kind of a patrol in force at once.
The lighthouse establishment will be the
basis of the coast patrol, and already
plans have been prepared to connect the
stations by wire as far north as Point
Arena, and lor a cable to th • Farallon
Islands. Each will be
required to keep a lookout over his own
vicinity day and night, and nearer in to
ward the city searchlights will be placed
to help guard the waters at night. Pa
trol boats will be in motion up and down
the coast all the time, and the comlne of
a hostile fleet can be signaled from sta
tion to station in an lncreuibly short
space of time.
In the event of hostilities the aids to
navigation all along the coast will sud
denly disappear. Buoys will be taken up,
lights will be extinguished and foe sig
nals will be silenced, and it will be only
the most expert pilot who can take ves
sels in and out. This, with the coast pa
trol, the fortifications on the heights and
the coast defenders in the harbor, will
make San Francisco an undesirable place
for anything Spanish that floats.
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Chamber of Commerce this
afternoon the question extenaingacable
to the Farallones will be one of the sub
jects brought up for consideration.
This question has been ; discussed tirao ]
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1898.
and aprain by the merchants of this city,
and several attempts have been made to
enlist the attrition nf the federal Gov
ernment on the proposition, but up to this
nothing has been done in the matter. Now
that war is on it is considered absolutely
necessary to have a wire stretched to the
islands. The cost of this would amount
to only about $30,000. a mere bagatelle
when compared to the value of the ser
vice rendered to this city, even if there
was no war trouble.
Commerce alone to San Francisco would
justify the necessity of having a wire
stretched to this important sea island,
which stands at the gateway to the Gol
den Gate.
WAR INCIDENTS.
A Motorman's Patriotism.
Tug Fearless Goes to
the Union Iron
Works.
J. B. Kelly, a motorman on the San
Francisco and San Mateo Reailroad. has
demonstrated his patriotism and nerve '
by enlisting In the marines of the United j
States navy. He has gone to the front |
to uphold the flag. Mr, Kelly is not a na
tive son of California, but is a native son
of Roscommon. Ireland.
Golden City Lodge No. 65, Knights of
Pythias, has adopted this resolution:
Whereu. By action of the Congress of these
United States and the proclamation of the
President a state of war exists between this
Government and the kingdom of Spain: ami
whereas, a call for volunteers to enlist in the
arm lea of our country Is momentarily ex
pected to be made; and whereas, many of the
members of this lodge, as loyal and patriotic
citizens, may feel duty-bound to enlist anil
may so enlist, leaving their families unpro
tected: therefore, be it
Resolved. By Golden City Lodge No. C 3.
Knights of Pythias, of California, that this
lodge will aid and protect the families of such
of Its members as may answer such a call by
maintaining their good standing In the lodge,
v. here necessary, making the monthly
payments required of those holding certlfl. ate's
In the endowment rank, and thus prevent for
feiture of such certlfleates. Fraternally, In
F. C. and B. H. SCHAFFNER,
Chancellor Commander.
The superb tug Fearless, formerly of the
Spreckels fleet, but now belonging to the
I'nited States, was towed to the Union
Iron Works yesterday morning. The tug
will receive a tine armament of rapid-fire
guns.
PATRIOTIC BANQUET
Veterans of the California
Volunteers at Table.
The thirty-seventh annual meeting and
banquet of the Society of California Vol
unteers took place at the Occidental Hotel
last evening.
Before the festivities commenced a few
little business matters were transacted,
with the following results: Comrade Sol
Cahen. Third California Infantry, v.
tired as president, and was succeeded by
Captain Charles W. Gordon. The reason
of Comrade Cahen's retirement from the
presidency was that he had been elected
department commander of the Grand
Army, and so could not very well serve
in the two positions at onto. Major Alfred
Martin of the Seventh California Infantry
was elected vice-president; Benjamin Col
lins. Sixth Infantry, second viee-preaident;
John C. Innes, recording secretary; Cap
tain James L. Homer, corresponding sec
retary, and Colonel C. Mason Kinne,
treasurer.
After the business meeting nearly fifty
of the companions sat down to their an
nual banquet and enjoyed themselves in
their usual way until long after miiinight.
Reminiscences of the past were Indulged
in ami patriotic speeches made by most of
those present. After some remarks by the
I ;ist president he invited Colonel Kinne to
act as toastmaster, who successively and
successfully called upon the following,
who responded to the sentiments:
"The President of the United States."
Hon. Henry < '. Dibble; "Our Country and
Our Flap." General E. 8. Salomon; "The
Army and Navy of the United States of
America." Colonel John C Carrier; "The
Societj- of California Volunteers." Cap
tain C. W. Gordon; "Our Golden State of
California," Hon. Charles A. Sumner
"The Union Dead," Colonel W. R. Smed
berg; "The Guests of the Nation," S. J.
Loop, president Veterans' Home.
Among those present were the follow
ing:
Sol Cahen. Colonel C. Mason Kinne, General
E. S. Salomon, Captain H. A. Goyley, Colonel
J. C. Currier. Colonel J J. Lyon, Captain John
Lafferty, Colonel 8. .1. Loop, Lieutenant Ellsha
Brooks, Captain James L. Homer. Benjamin
. Captain Charles A. Sumner M.ijor
Alfred Morton. Major William KcClmr Cap
tain C. P. Fairneld, Major William Hawley
U. S. A.. Captain c. \v. Gordon, Colonel w k
Smedberg. Judge H. C. Dibble. Charles' h'
Bllnn, Captain John H. Oilmore. J. J. Kcoville
Colonel J. h Moore, Eugene Wlegand T c!
Ma.<tellar, Major J. H. Simpson Major Lewis
Smith J. C. Jenkins. George B. Tolman Cap
tain J. C. Innes, Lieutenant J. J sheuherd
Major William 13. Hooper. ' '
An additional sentiment was added to
I the occasion by the fact that lust thirty
| seven years ago yesterday the' California
volunteers marched away to the front full
; of youth, strength and patriotism, and
p last night, as they sat down together old
I and gray-headed, to talk over their' old
; campaigning days and tight their battles
once again, they did so with a declaration
| of war— which may plunge the country
i into another bloody struggle— ringinc in
i their ears.
CALL'S BULLETIN SERVICE.
Once again the people of San Francisco and the coast appreciate the
energy and determination of The Call management. The special bulletins
which were distributed throughout the entire city yesterday were heartily
commended by the people, as they carried the authentic news of the day re
garding the war with Spain. The neat form, correctness as to the news
printed therein and the rapidity with which ihey were circulated as soon
as the news was received by wire brought forth words of praise from all,
and the number of communications received from the leading business men
asking that - bulletin be regularly placed in front of their establishments
showed that the new departure Is something worthy of more than passing
notice.
At the present time the authentic bulletins are carried to a large num
ber of bulletin boards distributed evenly throughout the city. Yesterday
large crowds hovered over them the entire day, knowing full well that the
report was published from reliable -sources and there was no attempt made
to form a yarn from rumor or whole clotff. Nine fleet bicycle riders carry
the news to the posting places, and each one knows how anxiously the
people await every new development, and In consequence a spirit is placed
in the work which could not be surpassed. Requests are simply pouring
in for a copy of the bulletin to ho loft at various places, and the requests
will be fulfilled as soon as possible.
Now the local public is not obliged to await the posting- of matter con
cerning important news of the day on large bulletin boards, but the news Is
carried directly to them, and in well-worded and compact form. The ap
pended list shows partially the number of places where The Call's special
bulletins are hourly posted for public inspection:
Army headquarters, City Hall, 240 Sutter street, 540 Bush, Hopkins Art
School, California Wire Works. 33.2 Bay, 935 Filbert, Merchants' Exchange,
Montgomery avenue and Jackson street. Union Iron Works, Twentieth and
Kentucky, Twenty-second and Kentucky. 17 Geary, Montgomery and
Claf. 4 Market. 234% East. 407 Harrison. 327 Market. 202 Second, 141 Fourth
317 fifth, 1013 Folsom, 1084% Howard, 100 Seventh, 1127 Folsom, 124 Eighth
1203 Market, 1151 Market. 1120 Howard, 1500 Market. 1434 Howard, 106 Elev
enth, 1527 Market. 1057 Mission, Fourteenth and Valencia, 1941 Mission 2869
Sixteenth, 3168 Sixteenth. 3606 Eighteenth, G29 Valencia, 2331 Mission, 3350
Twentieth, 2:>26 Mission, 2552 Folsom, Twenty-second and Valencia,' 272S
Twenty-fourth, 2050 Twenty-fourth. 1198 Treat avenue, 1402 Valencia street
3323 Mission, 536 Castro, Sixteenth and Market, 2572 Market, 200 Noe 9 05
O'Farrell, 118 Taylor, 110 Turk, 310 Turk, 323 Hyde, G32 O'Farrell, 502 Ellis.
615 Larkin, Larkin and Market. 40S McAllister. 301 Van Ness avenue, 600
Golden Gate avenue. 621 McAllister street. 11 Hnyes. 139 Gough. 1104 Golden
Gate avenue, 1030 McAllister street, 1044 McAllister, Haight and Webster,
527 Haight, Haight and Scott, 300 Baker, 1012 Fillmorc. 1321 Buchanan. 520
Taylor. 813 Geary. 1002 Larkin, 1109% Larkin, 1002 Polk, 1305 Polk, 1505 Polk.
1613 Polk. ICSO Polk, 1629 Geary, O'Farrell and Scott. Bush and Pierce, 1700
Devisadero, 3039 Sacramento. 2738 California, 2906 Jackson, 2001 Fillmore,
3001 Fillmore, ISOO Union, 1434 Broadway and at Leavenworth and Broad
way.
RAISING THE
REVENUE TAX
An Income Tax to Be One
of the Features of the
War Measure.
Those Whose Incomes Are
Less Than Two Thousand
• a Year Will Be Exempt.
Other Sources by Which It Is Pro
posed to Vastly Increase the
Federal Income.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 25.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: If the
Democratic members of the House
Committee on Ways and Means can
have their way an income tax is to be
made one of the leading features of the
war tax bill. This proposed tax was
subjected to considerable discussion at
a conference of the Democratic mem
bers of the committee to-day. It was
first proposed that a tax of 5 per cent
should be imposed on all incomes over
$4000 a year. McClellan strongly op
posed this, however, and wanted the
tax cut down to 2 per cent and ex
emption fixed at $2000. A compromise
was finally reached fixing the tax at 3
per cent and the exemption at $2000.
State and municipal bonds are to be
exempt from this proposed tax. Demo
crats contend that the war should be
paid for as far as possible by taxation
and not by bonds and that bonds should
only be issued when other taxation had
been resorted to as far as possible. As
a substitute for certificates of indebted
ness some of the Democratic members
of the committee, including Bailey, at
first proposed to offer an amendment
providing for an issue of $100,000,000 in
greenbacks. A compromise was reached
by which the Democrats will propose
to raise $50,000,000 by coining the so
called seigniorage on silver buiHon now
in the treasury and by limiting the is
sue of certificates of indebtedness to
$50,000,000.
The Ways and Means Committee of
the House will report the war revenue
bill to-morrow, and it is not expected
to pass until late in the week.
There are two new features. One,
which is made section 25, gives author
ity for the taxed parties and concerns
to meet the increased rates. It fol
lows:
That every person, firm or corporation
who shall have made any contract prior
to the passing of this act and without
other provision therein for the payment
of taxes imposed by law enacted subse
quent thereto, upon articles to be deliv
ered under such contract, is hereby au
thorized and empowered to add to the
price thereof so much money as will be
equivalent to the tax Imposed on said
articles by this act, and not previously
paid by the vendee, and shall be entitled
by virtue hereof to be paid, and to sue
for and to recover the same accordingly.
In all cases of articles manufactured uy
another., if the manufacturer shall be re
quired to pay under this act the tax here
by Imposed, such person or persons so
paying the same shall be entitled to col
lect the amount thereof of the owner or
owners, and shall have a lien for the
amount thus paid on the produced or
manufactured goods.
The amended bill Imposes a tax upon
telephone messages as follows:
For thirty miles or more, where the
charge docs not exceed 25 cents, 1 cent;
where charges exceed 25 cents and do not
exceed $1, 2 cents; from $1 to $o. 6 cents;
and charge exceeding 16, 10 cents. Of
ficial messages of the United States are
exempt from this tax, as well as that on
telegraph messages. Owners and oper
ators of long-distance lines are required
to report monthly to the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue the number of mes
sages during the preceding month of a
distance of thirty miles or more for which
a charge has been made, together with
the amount received, under a penalty of
not exceeding $500 for failure to report.
The setting apart of $750,000 for the
Marine Hospitel service from the re
ceipts from 1. a»e uuiies is limited
to the fiscal year 1899. For the expenses
of assessment and collections of these
taxes $100,000 or sn much of that as is
necessary is appropriated for the em
ployment of such deputy collectors and
other employes in the several collec
tion districts of the United States as
may be necessary.
The exemption of bonds, debentures
or certificates of indebtedness issued by
the Federal, State, county, town and
municipal corporations from the stamp
taxes imposed by the bill is extended to
include "'or other corporations exercis
ing the taxing power." Punishment
for failure to acquire an adhesive duty
stamp on any dispatches or message is
waived in the case of press news dis
patches. Bank certificates of deposit
not drawing: interest are taxed 2 cents,
and those drawing interest 5 cents.
There are many other minor changes.
READY FOR WAR.
Companies of the First In
fantry Awaiting the
Call for Troops.
The members of Companies C and G of
the First Infantry, National Guard of
California, after .1 well-attended drill at
their armory on Eilis street la-st night,
expressed their readiness to respond to
ihe call for State troops -when made by
Governor Budd. Sixty of the men pres
ent volunteered their services without
any reservation as to which organiza
tion they may be assigned. When the
members of the two companies were
asked what action they would take if the
companies were called out in a body they
shouted "All of us!" and raised cheer
upon cheer, making the armory ring with
their expressions of enthusiasm.
The already large roll of the companies
was increased by the addition of the
names of twenty-one new men, who were
sworn in by Captain Sutliff for Company
G and 'Lieutenant Goodell for Company
C. Twer.t> -seven applications for mem
bership were received and the companies
have a large emergency roll of men who
will be Btvutn in as poon as the call for
a<ti»-e service is made.
The f ificers of Company G are Captain
B. C. Sutliff, First Lieutenant T. W,
Sparrows, Second Lieutenant W. N.
Swasey: Company C, f'.iutain J. W. Dum
brell. First Lieutenant C. E. Goodell, Sec
ond Lieutenant L. J. l J etty.
The other companies of the regiment,
stationed at Gough and Page streets, are
awaiting the Governor's call for troops
before taking official action as to their
intention. Koth the officers and men,
however, express themselves, individually.
as U'lng ready to enlist when the time
for active service arrives.
TARGET PRACTICE.
Existing Rules and Regu
lations Discussed by
the Inspectors.
Yesterday afternoon there was a meet
ing of Inspectors of rifle practice at bri
gade headquarters for the purpose of dis
cussing the rules and regulations at this
time governing State shoots In California.
There were present: Colonel Park Hen
shaw, inspector-general on the staff of the
commander-in-chief ; Lieutenant-Colonel
Louis Barrere, inspector on the division
staff; Major Unsmer, on the Second Bri
gade staff; Lieutenant Tobin, inspector
for the First Infantry, Second Brigade;
Lieutenant Pirky. Inspector for the Sec
ond Regiment, Third Brigade; and Cap
tain D. A. Smith, adjutant of the Fifth
Infantry, Second Brigade, and acting in
spector for that regiment. Neither the
First nor the Third brigade nor the Sixth
and Seventh regiments of infantry were
represented.
Colonel Henshaw, who called the meet
ing to order, stated that at this, the first
meeting, the discussion would be informal
and expressed the hope that every one
present would express his view of the
rules and regulations, as he desired to
obtain aJI the light possible on the sub
ject. He then called on Captain Smith to
tell what he knew.
Captain Smith stated that there had
been a very marked falling off in target
practice since the existing rules went into
operation last June, and he believed one
reason was that the men were inhibited
from engaging In shoots on Sundays, the
only day on which men can face the tar
get without great inconvenience. Another
reason was that rule which barred men
who did not make a certain percentage
from shooting at other distances. He
also suggested that two months in the
year should be set apart— say May and
September— when men could, when con
venient, under the supervision of regi
mental officers, fire at the several dis
tances. He also suggested that the num
ber of rounds of ammunition should be
increased.
All the other inspectors spoke, calling
attention to defects in the rules and reg
ulations and indorsed the views expressed
by the first speaker.
It is probable that radical changes
which will prove satisfactory will be
made.
SHARKEY AT THE BEACH.
The Muscular Heavy Weight Is Feel
ing First Class and Confident
of Success.
Thomas Bharkey, the bold sailor lad,
arrived from Vallejo yesterday and will
complete his training for his bout with
Jeffries on May 6 at a resort near the
ocean, and which Is within easy distance
of the pure salt water.
Sharkey Is a crack swimmer, and de
lights to be breasting and buffeting the
big rollers which clash to pieces on the
sands. He says that swimming forms a
great part of his daily exercise and that
without it he would be unable to train
properly for any athletic contest.
Of the injury Sharkey sustained at
VallejD a few days ago while lifting a
bale of hay, he says at first he had
fears the strain would cause him no end
of annoyance, but as time wore on he
grew rapidly well, and was pronounced
perfectly safe before he left Vallejo by
the physicians who attended him. He will
have four men to handle and train him
for the big match.
Sharkey contends that two men are not
enough, as they cannot go the pace ho
puts on when he feels like hammering
somebody.
If nothing unforeseen happens between
now and the evening of the contest Shar
key expects to be in trim to fight the
battle of a nation. He is very sanguine
of defeating Jeffries and will have several
large commissions on himself in the pool
rooms beforj he will put in an appear
ance in the ring.
Jeffries is training at Oakland under the
care of the astute Billy Delaney. The big
Los Angeles heavy-weight has not a
word to say of his chances, but intimates
that there will be a surprise in store for
somebody before many rounds are fought.
Jane Isaacs Arrested.
Jane Isaacs was last night arrested by
Detective Anthony and Officer Sylvester
on complaint of Annie Japson. Mrs.
Isaacs, a short time ago, advertised for
a girl, and Annie answered. The girl
seemed satisfactory, and arrangements
were made for the two to go to Sonora,
when the girl's friends became suspicious
as to the character of the woman, and
she decided not to go. Mrs. Isaacs, how
ever, retained possession of the girl's be
longings, and a warrant was sworn out
for the woman's arrest on a charge of
petty larceny. The goods have been lo
cated in a storage warehouse.
CALIFORNIA
TROOPS MAY
NOW RALLY
Governor Budd Receives the Eagerly Expected
Message From the War Department Ask
ing Men of This State to Volunteer
in Their Country's Cause.
Chief Executive, Division Commander and Adjutant-
General Hold Councils of War— Governor Estimates
That the Whole National Guard May Be
Called Into the Volunteer Service.
The President, through the
Secretary of War, yesterday
issued the call for troops, and
in consequence the entire Na
tional Guard of California
will doubtless be mustered
into the United States service.
At 4:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon Governor Budd re
ceived the followingdispatch:
WASHINGTON, D. C,
April 25, 1898.
To the Governor of California,
San Francisco, Cal.
The number of troops from your
State under the call of the Presi
dent, dated April 23, 1898, will b;
two regiments and two battalions
of infantry and four heavy bat
teries of artillery. It is the wish
of l he President that the regiments
of the National Guard or State
militia shall be used as far as
their numbers will permit, lor the
reason they are armed, equipped
and drilled.
Please wire as early as possible
what equipments, ammunition,
arms, blankets, tents, etc., you
have and what additional you
will require. Please aso state
when troop* will be ready for
muster into ths United States ser
vice. Details to follow by mail.
R. A. ALGER,
Secretary of War.
Immediately upon the re
ceipt of the dispatch Gov
ernor Budd held a conference
with Adjutant- General Bar
rett, Major-General Dickin
son, Brigadier-General War
field and Captain Carrington,
U. S. A. The conference was
for the purpose of framing a
reply to the Secretary of War,
and this was done, but the
exact nature of the message
sent by the Governor was
withheld.
Governor Budd after reply
ing to Secretary Alger's dis
patch gave out the following
statement for publication:
"From what I can gather
from the dispatch that I have
received the entire National
Guard will be called out.
This is figured out upon the
basis of the militia popula
tion, upon which the army
volunteer bill was framed.
The call is for two twelve
company regiments and two
four - company battalions,
making thirty-two companies
of enlisted men. On the
basis of 103 men to the com
pany this would require 3296
men, and adding four bat
teries to this of 200 men
each will bring the number
up to 4096, or in round num
bers 4100 men. This will
practically require the entire
National Guard.
"The men will now have
to be mustered into service,
and I have issued no orders,
nor will 1 until I receive the
mailed instructions from the
War Department, which 1
presume were mailed to-day,
and which should arrive here
the last of the week. I have
notified the War Department
as to the needs of the Na
tional Guard, and they know
from Captain Carrington's re
ports, that are on file there,
in what we are lacking.
"In forty-eight hours from
the time I receive instructions
the guard can be mobilized at
any point to be mustered into
service. Should the exam
ination which every man is
required to pass deplete the
guard to any extent the re
quired number of men can be
readily supplied from the ap
plications of volunteers who
are anxious to serve.
"As to the disposition of
the men after they have been
mustered into service I know
nothing, for they then pass
beyond my control.
"The call does not ask for
any cavalry, and we have no
artillery. In this case I shall
supply the men to man the
batteries and the Government
must furnish the guns. The
cavalry will no doubt be the
ones who will be turned into
artillerymen. After the en
tire National Guard has been
utilized then, and not until
then, will arise the question
of enlisting and organizing
volunteers. lam empowered
to appoint in the volunteer
service officers from colonel
down to lieutenant, but I
have not yet considered the
question. I have made no
appointments, nor will I do
so until 1 hear from the War
Department.
"The people must under
stand that when I call out the
National Guard it is done so
by a request, and, in the prac
tical sense of the word, they
are also volunteers, and the
power of appointing their offi
cers is mine. We will be pre
pared for war when the Gov
ernment's orders come. In
October Captain Carrington
filed with the War Depart
ment a complete report show
ing what the National Guard
required to entirely equip it
for sixty days' service, and we
also have filed at Los Angeles
reports showing what the
National Guard had in the way
of equipments at that time.
About three weeks ago re
ports were filed with the Ad
jutant-General showing abso
lutely everything necessary to
equip the Guard, so I am pre
pared to and have informed
the Government exactly what
are our needs. I have done
all that is required of me and
California's troops are ready.
"Under the present call it
is impossible to use more
than half of the officers of the
National Guard. 1 am not
prepared to say what dispo
sition will be made of the re
mainder. Until orders are re
ceived from Washington
nothing will be done.'-
GUILTY OF EXTORTION.
! Richard Williams, the ex-Chinese
Inspector, Convicted on One
Count.
The case of the United States against
Richard S. Williams, charged with ex
torting money from Chinese immigrants
as a necessary precedent to their being
! admitted to land, he being at the time a
j Chinese inspector in the service of the
Government, was submitted to the jury
in the United States District Court yes
i terday afternoon at eleven minutes after
> 4 o'clock.
The opening argument for the Govern
' ment was made by Deputy United States
Attorney Schlesinger. and the argument
for the defendant was made by Georga
I D Collins. United States Attorney Foote
closed for the Government, and Judge do
Haven charged the jury. After being out
two hours the jury reported to the. court
that it was ready with a verdict. Wil
liams was found guilty on the first count
of the first indictment, which charged
him with extorting $100 from Wong Sam
for landing Wong Lin Choy, and the ver
] diet on the second indictment was not
: guilty. The mercy of the court was rec
i ommended. and Williams was ordered
j into the custody of the Marshal until
j Saturday, when he will be sentenced.
A woman can never understand why
the bugs will persist in crawling up on
her plants from underneath when she
washes the leaves so cajrefully on top.
910
FIGHTING FOR
THE WAGES
OF SIN
A Fortune Is Left by
an Habitue of the
Tenderloin.
Her Rents Amounted to
Nearly $1000 a
Month.
She Was Young, Beautiful and
Very Lavish With Her
Money.
GAVE AWAY THOUSANDS.
An Old Mother in France Is the
Main Contestant of Her
Will.
Now there fs to be a contest for the
possession of an estate loft by the late
Celestlne Glmonet, a woman of the ten
derloin wlin committed suicide on the 6th
day of December last by inhaling gas. A
Coroner's jury brought in a verdict
accordingly.
The woman was found dead on the day
mentioned in her apartments on the cor
ner of Pine and St. Mary's streets, and
a will was subsequently discovered in
which Anna Bouygues, a simple acquaint
ance and no relative, was named as the
principal devisee and legatee.
As the deceased left a mother in France
and a sister here, a contest has been
filed by Attorney P. F. Benson, of
the Mills building, in which he sets
forth that the estate is worth more than
$10,000, and that the will in question was
obtained through fraud and undue in
fluence.
The lawyer has obtained the power of
attorney from the mother of deceased,
who resides In Agenonily, I,es Chapliens,
Department Uu Cher, France, and also
from Mrs. Louis Fau, a sister residing in
this city, on the corner uf Sacramento
and Mason streets.
Celostine Gimonet was remarkable for
her beauty of face and figure, and es
pecially noted for her extravagant habits.
Her books Bhow that her rentals
from disreputable places on St. Mary's
amounted to about $900 on
the average, which money sh<» lavished
mi certain favorites during her drinking
spells, which were periodical.
\ ' '■ days before her death her sis- :
. .-. Bhe gave Il.mlI I . ml BoudJn a Fret., ii
man. $2400 in cash, with which he skipped
out to Franco. It is also alleged that
deceased had a great deal of jewelry
which cannot now be accounted for. She
had valuable diamond rings and several
garter clasps Bel with j.rt-.ious stones
which were estimated to be worth hun
dreds of dollars.
Jt is asked that the will in favor of
Anna Bouygues be canceled and set aside
That instrument is dated July 15, 1897
and makes George T. Knox, the notary'
executor without bonds.
The complaint says of the legatee, that
she is "a woman of lewd and dissolute
habits, and known to be the associate of
notorious characters, lewd and abandoned
persons." And also that Anna Bouygues
knew deceased was not of sound "mind
and Indulged in the excessive and intem
perate use uf Intoxicating drinks mor- j
phine and other drugs mentally Incapad- i
tating her from making a will or proper
ly distributing her property, and on the
date of said purported will attempted to
commit suicide, and while in said condi
tion of mind and body the said \nna
Bouygues visit.-.] her daily, against the
wishes <>f deceased, and poisoned the
mind of said deceased against her mother :
and relatives, through connivance arti
fice, fraud, deceit, coercion and undue in
fluence, and did often ask the said de
censed to sinn over her property to her
at the same time advising her to keep
away from her sister and brother-in
law."
At the time of her death Celestlne was
not 30 years of age. When It tx
known to her that the places on St
Mary's street were to be dosed by the
police she paw that her large income
would be reduced to nothing, and it was
then that she went on a violent dt-bauch
that ended In suicide.
There is about SnOOO to her credit in
bank, which, together with other proper
ty and lease holdings, will run the estate
up to nearly $20
CHURCHES TO-DAY
ARE COMMERCIAL
Such Was the Opinion Ex
pressed by Dr. Mac Lean
Yesterday.
An Interesting Paper Read at the
Presbyterian Meeting by John
Thompson of Modesto.
The churches of to-day are more com
mercial than holy, if the conclusion Key.
J. G. Mac Lean h;is come to be correct.
He was speaking to the Congregational
ministers about ".Morality aa a Factor in
Progress." Ha said heresy trials depleted
the churches in which they are held and
remarked upon the depression of sanctity
In the family ami on the Sabbath. Phil
anthropy, he said, was becoming inde
pendent of church channels. His remarks
caused much comment among those pres-
The Presbyterians listened to an enter
taining paper by James Thompson of
Modesto. It was most interesting anil
was complimented by all present. * •«
A few of his remarks were as followB:
The church Is no small thing, and occupies
no unimportant place in human affairs It
therefore requires careful attention and look
ing after. For thlß duty bishops, clilers and
deacons are provided, and to them the spiritual
affairs of t!:e church are committed. The
elder being second only to the pastor he
Fhould be a man o( unassailable character' and
undoubted piety. While he represents the peo
ple in the economy nf the church, he Is looked
upon as the representative of the church by
the world, and should be a man of faith an. I
prayer, as well as of thorough know!".ige ot
the duties of his offive, especially In the ad
ministration of the discipline of . the' church.-
He should possess rood Judgment in the en
forcement Of discipline, both with regard to
its letter and spirit.
In the very important matter of discipline
the church has l>oen entirely l.ix. Cases' o f
Its enforcement are comtns to ■be altogether
too rare. No church can <lo good aggressive
work successfully while Fhe carries along,
year after y»;ir, a number of persons who are
living worldly or uiifo.lly lives. They are
simply a dead weight, dragging: heavily on the
wheels of her progress, and need to be lopped
off. .
The meeting: of the union next Monday
will take the form of a conference on the
Holy Spirit, led by Rev. O. C. Miller.
Anniversary of Bunker Hill.
A. O. Perkins, reprr-sontinpr tn< ? Sons of
Vermont, and George W. Caswell of tho
Hunker Hill Association, visited the
Hunker Hill Park at L,os Gatas Sunday
and were most cordially received by A.
Uerrian, president of the Board of Trade
and other members. After inspecting the
!i a ,, and P av Hion arrangements were
finally completed for holding a grand
demonstration on the 17th of June in
honor of the one hundred and twenty-
Hill annlversar y ot tn e battle of Bunker
CREDITORS WHO
WANT MONEY
Attachments Served on
Charles Colman, a
Hat Dealer,
The Amount Called For in the
Writ Will Amount to Thou
sands of Dollars.
Morris Colman, Deceased, Formerly
a Partner, Took His Own Life
but a Short Time Ago.
Charles Colman, the hatter, doing
business at 130 Kearny street, was yes-
COMING TO AN ANCHOR.
The British ship Olenard arrived from Calcutta yesterday and sailed into port. When off Alcatraz she came
to an anchor, but as three of the men were sick from drinking the water taken aboard in India the doctors de
cided to put the vessel in quarantine until the water could be got rid of. The Glenard's anchor had to be hoisted
again, much to the disgust of Captain Turner, and the vessel was then towed to the quarantine grounds.
terday attached in various sums amount
ing to about $10,000. Attorneys Rothchild
and Ach have levied the attachments,
and steps will be taken to recover the
moneys due and payable. Dunlap & Co.,
wholesale hatters of New York City, are i
the principal creditors. The amount of
their bill will amount to $4200. whereas
local linns have amounts in the neigh- ,
borhood of $15ih). Klein, Strauss & Co. i
will receive the greater portion of the !
amount paid in after the business is sat- j
isfactorily settled.
Two notes were also given by the hat- j
ter on the London, Paris and American
Kank. The amount is included in the at
tachment, and one action will probably
be taken with all. parties as complain^
ants. But a short time ago. Morris Col
man, a brother of Charles, took his own
life, and at the time no reason could be
found for the self-murder, but it is now
supposed by many that financial difficul
ties led to the act. Since the death of
Morris Colman the business has seemed
to move along on the same basis main- ;
tamed prior to his death, but for some ]
cause or other money has been frequent- i
ly applied for by the surviving partner, !
which has resulted In the present status '
of affairs.
When Mr. Colman was seen yesterday
be stated that he was not aware of any
reason why his place of business should
be attached, and hoped that within a few
days all would be satisfactorily settled. I
He claimed to know nothing of the mat- j
ter. even pretending ignorance of the j
names of his creditors. "I know noth- |
ing"," he said, "as I have been so nervous :
and upset since I have learned what
movement was being taken."
A meeting of the creditors will soon be i
held, and It is possible some arrange- j
meats will be made to allow the dealer to
proceed with the business, as for many '
years the firm had carried on a large lo
cal and outside trade, and heretofore had
made payments agreeable to a large cir- ',
Clti of creditors. The surviving member
Of the firm is wpII known and the report I
of tho attachments being levied created I
quite a stir in business circles.
EJECTED BY HIS WHISKERS.
D. D. Rector, an Old Man, Convicted
of Expectorating in a Car and
Disturbing the Peace.
The ordinance against expectorating in
street cars has been practically a dead
letter for months, but it has again been
revived through the actions of D. D.
Rector, a pattern maker, who lives on
Holly street, in the Mission.
Rector appeared in Judge Low's court
yesterday to answer to two charges of
i disturbing the peace, the complaining
witness in each case being W. G. Patter
son, a motorman on the Mission street
: eU'Ctric car. Rector, who is an old man
with white whiskers, was riding on Pit
ferson's car on Sunday, April 17, and was
cautioned by the conductor, Barel Koss
; ky, not to violate the ordinance. He be
i came abusive and persisted in expeeto
, rating. Then Patterson and White eject
ed him from the car.
Two days later Rector got on Patter
| son's car and threatened to make him an
; angel. He used very bad language, and
( finally Patterson and the conductor
; George White, ejected him from the car'
Patterson swore to two complaints for
■ his arrest and the cases were heard yes
terdny.
Elector did not deny expectorating in
the car, but claimed that Patterson and
: Conductor Kossky dragged him off the
car by his whiskers, which' they denied
i The judge convicted him on the first
, charge and ordered him to appear for
sentence this morning. The second charge
was dismissed.
Cruelty to Seamen.
Shortly after the arrival at > this port
of < the American brigantlne Harriet
G. from New York yesterday, two of the
j crew visited the Federal building and
'swore to complaints before the United
I States Attorney, charging First Mate S.
Stover with beating and ill-treating them
on the high seas. United States Commis
• sioner Heacock made out the necessary
I warrants and the mate was arrested.
■..•— - •.'•'• .» . — ___'
Embryo Lawyers.
The Supreme Court Commissioners had
before them yesterday seventy-two as
pirants for admission to practice law in
the courts of this State.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APKIL 26, 1898.
SHIP GLENARD
IN QUARANTINE
Came From Calcutta With
Three of the Crew
Sick-
When the Drinking Water Has
Been Got Rid of She Will
Be Decked.
Lewis, Anderson A Co., as a Firm, Has
Nothing to Do With the Whaler
Belvedere.
The British ship Glenard arrived from
Calcutta yesterday with a cargo of
jute and gunnies. As she came
from an infected port and three
of the crow were on the sick list,
1 >rs. Hill and Rosenau ordered the vessel
into quarantine. Captain Turner did not
like this proceeding, as he had to take
a towboat to get to an anchorage oft" the
quarantine station. Having a. fair wind,
he hand been able to sail Into port and was
in hopes of escaping the services of a tug,
but he was disappointed.
Quarantine Officer Hill says there is
nothing serious the matter with the men
on the Glenard and that the vessel will
only.be kept in quarantine while the
water she took into her tanks at Cal
cutta is being pumped into the bay and
the vessel fumigated. As soon as that is
done the Glenard will be released and
taken to her dock, where the work of dis
charging will begin at once.
The British ship Port Logan arrived
from Newcastle, N. S. W., after a good
passage, for this time of the year, of
seventy days. The American bark So
noma is now out 10 days. the hark McNear
86 days and the bark Louisiana 78 days
from the same port. They have among
them over 6000 tons of coal aboard, which
is very much needed here just now.
Coal ships will have no cause to grum
ble about delay from this on. The bark
Gatherer arrived from Tacoma last Sun
day, and was at once put under the Ore
gon Improvement Company's bunkers.
She had not been tied up five minutes be
fore the work of discharging was begun.
Captain Clem Randall took the tug
Fearless to the Union Iron Works yester
day and turned her over to the United
States authorities. All the tugs and
steamers around Folsom-street wharf
Whistled her "good-by" as she steamed
away from the wharf. Work on the Vigi
lant and Active Is being rushed and a
gang of men will go to work on the
Fearless to-day. All three vessels are to
be got ready to join the mosquito fleet
as speedy as possible.
The Mare Island tug Unadilla was hard
ly recognized yesterday as she came
through Raccoon Straits. Since her last
visit she has donned her lighting colors
and she now looks like a cruiser on a
small scale. She brought down from the
navy yard a full supply of medicines and
everything necessary tor the hospital on
the Monterey. All the instruments and
appliances for treating the wounded are
now on the coast defense steamer, and
so far as the surgeons are concerned the
Monterey is ready for a brush with the
enemy at any moment.
S. B. Matthews, the popular superin
tendent of the Alaska Packers' canneries
at Karluk, has been a very sick man.
For the cast three w"eeks he has" been
in St. Luke's Hospital, but is now slowly
recovering, and his many friends on the
front hope to see him out again in a
few days.
Lewis Anderson & Co., as a firm, has
nothing whatever to do with the steam
whaler Belvedere. At least A. Anderson,
the head of the firm in this city, says
so, and he ought to know. "William
Lewis of New Bedford is the managing
The Twentieth Century.
Tho twentieth century will begin on Jan.
Int. 1901. nnd end with 2000. People did not
begin to reckon time from A. D. 1. but waited
until about the !J.''jth year of the Christian era.
People who begin to take the great health
restorative, Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, im
mediately after the first outbreak of dyspepsia
mularia, rheumatism, constipation, nervuus
ners or kidney trouble will date their cure Im
mediately from then.
Wiilit's Mian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Pimples
nnd purify the blood.
Grossman's Snecific Mixture
W Ith this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
Price. Si a bottle.
owner of the vessel," said Mr. Anderson
yesterday, "and he has entire control of
her. While some of the members of the
firm of Lewis, Anderson & Co. may be
shareholders in the Belvedere, still as a
firm, Lewis, Anderson & Co. have no
more to do with the whaler than you
hay«.
"Therefore, when George F. Tilton,
third mate of the Belvedere, came to me.
after completing his perilous trip from
Point Barrow. I referred him to Mr.
Lewis. Later I advanced him $50 on
William Lewis' account, and that gentle
man is charged with the amount on our
books. I treated Tilton courteously
through all our negotiations, and person
ally I did everything possible for him,
but, nevertheless, Mr. Lewis refused to
go beyond the $50, S o what could I do?
Xow I want to state again, and that most
emphatically, that the firm of Lewis, An
derson & Co., as a firm, has nothing
whatever to do with the steam whaler
Belvedere.
While Tilton is left without a cent and
has to depend upon his friends. Walker,
fifth mate of the Orca. is living on tne
fat of the land. Tilton's journey from
l'oint Earrow over 4uOU miles of ice and
snow to Sitka was far more dangerous
than that of Walker up the Mackenzie
River, yet when civilization was reached
Tilton could not get a cent from the own
ers of his vessel, and had to hypthecate
his personal effects in order to reach San
Francisco; and he may still have to go
to law to recover his own. When Walker
reached civilization the Pacific Steam
Whaling Company sent him his transpor
tation and a credit for $100 to bring him
to San Francisco. Yesterday Manager
Griffith, on behalf of the company, pre-
serited him with a check for $1000, and
also Rave him the command of one of the
company's fleet.'
'■ ■ m »
There is only one sudden death
among women to every eight among
men.
DSRBTOKTOr
'/'^mßs/m ALASKA-YUKON
Ti^ihW^MW TRANSPORTATION CO. V.
Ira/fl? "\v^V^lis!a^ V *"l nif ' iatch ttie dppcr Ship
l^lflX- iv^^O&k. F?UF"LJS E. \A/OOD
t\Jg V ifc^tefrgEraßK MAY 10 - IS9S, for XT MICHAEL,, connecting
I if'Sf^ with our " ne "' riVl ''" steamers for DAWSON
Fa /, " **^sti**T&l Secure your passage and freight space imme-
V*/lf' ' '*• V^-tuW^rfr! diately for the first trip \ij, the river, as it is
7^.^^^^^pßß|^K Wo wI " nave some freight space left for St.
/yl^^^^^^^^^wl Apply at 3 STEUART st.. San Francisco. Cal.
'11 1<^?9$1 X^^^xk BIKCII Creek district: now nearly deserted I
111 f v V&f' ' r^^^ft owing to lack of food; larger and lust as rich
111 ' Y7 I^~_/ > \F as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500 x
rl \4^//j» ' ~"~- 100. feet; ' our new modern Fteamer, Alice
— '«!■ Ivf'*^T Rlx - stops there cclnjt to Dawson City; our
/ l/Uv' book ree - Alaska Transportation Co.. 224
/ O Montgomery Bt.. opp. Russ House.
HO FOR RICHEST GOLD FIELDS
ALASKA!
GREAT NORTHERN STEAMSHIP CO.
WILL DIS PATCH FOT
KOTZEBUE SOUND
. The Fast Sailing Iron and Steel Ship RUTH,
On or about June 1, 1898. Will proceed directly without stopping at Inter-
mediate points, and arrive at Sound as soon as any vessel leaving earlier.
LARGEST AND STRONGEST SHIP IN THIS TRADE.
Fitted with social hall, smoking room, state rooms, bath rooms, etc .
Freight insured at lowest rates.
Fare, including 2000 pounds baggage and PASSAGE UP KU-BUCK
RIVER, in light-draught steamboat drawing one foot, light, to head of navi-
gation, about 250 miles, $200. .
EXCURSION RATES.
■ Round trip from San Francisco, with 500 pounds baggage, with privilege
of stopping about 60 days, $250; or return on any of our ships during the
summer of 1899. Best of Accommodation— Stanch and Safe.
Close inspection invited. Full information call or address.
:.- .1. G. McC ALL, General Agent
46 MARKET STREET, one Block from Ferry, San Francisco.
r KOTZEBUE SOUND GOLD FIELDS,
jlk ALASKA.
t^l BARK MERMAID
ffTlZi LEAVES MAY Ist. ;
; aao> M PASSfIGE.,....S2OO
Vnl.mJn Space allowed for •' lMi tons bag-
imSe&yL-. 1^' 1 for each passenger.
j e SC§2s^- Office... 2C California st
■«ag^? — HENRY L. BORDEN, Gen. Mgr.
i ' : ■■-•■■- CAPT. WICKS.
: BLEDB^ BOATS. ETC. _. :
ARCTIC sleds. .rctlcdoics, Yukon boats,
pilot, maps to the Klondike. Alaska outfits.
eteam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
i boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can ba
I Been at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 71S Third
I St. 'Phone Red 2SM.
OVERTHROW
OF RAILROAD
CONTENTIONS
Circuit Judge Mor.
row's Decision in
the Grain Case.
Upholds Master in Chan
cery Freeman at All
Mooted Points.
Corporation Methods a Fit Sub
ject for Inquiry and Material
to Matters at Issue.
HOW MONEY IS SPENT.
Th« Injunction Swept Away and
Taking of Testimony No Longer
Blocked.
Through a decision rendered by United
States Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday
the Southern Pacific road suffered a de
feat, which in its effect is of great Im
portance to the public as well as to the
company. The decision relates to grain
rates and comp'etely overturns the con
tentions of the company. In attempting
to prevent the Railroad Commissioners
from putting in force a freight schedule
determined upon by them, and materially
reducing the existing schedule, the South
ern Pacific had secured an injunction. In
the answer of the corporation, and serv
ing as a basis for the injunction, were
fifty-one exceptions. These were directed
against the report or A. C. Freeman, act
ing as special Master in Chancery. Not
only is Mr. Freeman sustained at every
point by the decision of Judge Morrow,
but it enters into detail.
All the facts to which the Southern Pa
cific excepted the Judge holds to be mate
rial and relevant, this being exactly con
trary to the views expressed by counsel
for the company. These facts of them
selves possess an interest. They include
many allegations of the manner, in which
the money of the concern has been ap
plied. They include the statement that
large sums have been paid to influence
State and Federal officials, these sums be
ing charged ii> the operating expenses,
and. of, courS?, affecting the cost of traf
tlc which the shipper is obliged to bear.
The court held this to be a proper sub
ject for consideration by the Commission,
mid entitled to due weight In the fixing
of rates by that body. Under the same
head came the funds devoted to prevent
ing competition from other roads, and the
amount used in paying English stockhold
ers a dividend as ;i concession It was un
derstood that this last payment was arbi
trarily made as a matter of policy, and
did not represent earnings suclt as'would
naturally have been employed for the
purpose. All these rattersr atters It had been
sought to exclude, and none of them is to
be excluded. Such Is the sweeping effect
of the Morrow decision.
Police Transfers.
Chief Lees yesterday made the follow
ing transfers: Sergeant Bernard Mc-
Mamis to lake charge of the China
town squad, relieving Serg-eant Shea; and
Policeman R. L. Ingham from the Cen
tral police station to the Harbor station.
James H. Anderson, the newly appointed
sergeant, was assigned to Sergeant Spil
lane'a division. It has not yet been de
rided whore to send Sergeant Shea, who
has made an enviable record while in
Chinatown.
An Insolvent Butcher.
Jacob Stutz, a butcher, has failed for
S^no 78. His assets are exempt from exe
cution.
GAS ENGINES.
UIi¥SENGINrCO;
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & b.
READY ROOFING, sold by all flrst-class d»»ll
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable In price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dugt out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO., US Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __ v _^^_ v
Ot^Vv-I^SlKii ir'jF*' or neat - Winchester Am-
munition is used by every
j^^^^^^^^^^\^ one and s °ld everywhere.
t^^^^^^^Sl\\- Send name and address on a
J&W m)s^^^U P ostal> card for 148-page illus-
JT % *1!O3£&U trated catalogue. It is free.
ptfiff^^ Winchester Arms Co.
MS Jl fill NEW HAVEN, CONN.
mi I \\ JsW ~s' : &i<&*^&L,4 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
"I have used Ripans Tabules and they have done me lots of
good, at least ray wife says they have," asserts William Donaldson,
a blacksmith. "After a hard day's work I would eat too much, I
guess," continued he, "and suffer like everything. My wife's brother
told me that Ripans Tabules had helped him and he thought they
would help me. I believe they have cured me, but I still take them
regular, for I would not have them pains again for anything. My
partner said, after I was so much better, that I was ready to get well
anyhow, and that I would have got well without them. I believe
there are lots of people that are ready to get well just like I was.
They will get weli when they take the same medicine I did, and not
before. I have worked hard all my life, first on a farm and then in a
blacksmith shop, and have been troubled with dyspepsia ever since I
was 1 8 years old. Now I feel like I was sweet sixteen. I think
Ripans Tabules are a great medicine."
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN PRANGISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
TJboroa Ferry, f oot of Market St.
IsA.N FRAKCISCO TO bAX KAFAJEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, ll:C0 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BUND AYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6.00, 6:l'O p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK KAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:10.
5:00. 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
I>eave I Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
_ - __^____ April 23 — — — —
Week Sun- IS9S. ' Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. | days. Days.
7:30 am 18:00 am Novato. j 10 : 40 amj S:4olun
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:10 pm 10:2f> am
S:IU pm|s:oo pm Santa Rosa, | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Heaklsburgr,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3.:30 pm;S:00 am Cloverdale. [ 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am! i Hopland andl |10:2f> am
3:30 pmj8:00 am| Ukiah. j 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
S:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm^ [ 6:22 pm
7:30 am|S:oo ami Sonoma '10:40 ami S:^o am
I and I I
f>:10 pm 6:00 pm Olen Ellen. C:in ppi 6:22 pm
7:30 am B:O0 am Scbastopol. 10:40 am(lO:2G am
3:30 pm|o:00 pm 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
iile fur Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lnkeport and Uurtlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. I'lue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Poroo, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side. Lierley's, BucknelTs, Sanhedrln Heights
Hullville, Boonevtlle, Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bide
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN. "
Pros, and Gen. Mahager. Gen. Pass Agent.
a— .■!——«— =^i fii lEApivri »
[jf^^r^fS] CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
HSwtnT^Si FRANCISCO
llWBaagfO^HJi CHICAGO. •
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers enly, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
■ Pullman Palace Drawing-Rcom Sleepers,
8% days to Chicago. 4H days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 1:20 i>.. m.. carrying l'ullmaii
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars oa
fast time. Direct conne^- i In Chicago ana
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
' Trains arri' - and depart frcm Market-street
Ferry. San Frai: isco ticket office, 6.1 Market
etreet. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1620. Oakland office, HIS Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street, bai Jose. 7 We»t
Santa Clara -treet.
rHE SAN FRANCISCOrANb"SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1597, trains will run as
follows:
South-bcund. I North-bound.
Passen- I Mixed ' Mixed I Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday I ger
Dally. |Excep'd. tlons. Excep'd.l Dally.
7:20 am 9:0) am Stockton 3:43 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm 'Moreed 12:50 pm! 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am 0:20 pm Hanford 9:45 aml 1:15 p m
12:15 pm C:4spm Visalla ; 0:40 am 12:40 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points when re-
quired. ■
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. ■ &• I. Co., leavir.e San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and, from Snelllngs, Coulterville, etc.;
also with stage for Hcrnitos, Mariposa. etc.;
at Lankershim.wlth stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.) ■
Leave San Francisco, commencing November
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Bound trip from ■. Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Azents. 621 Market
, street, San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUTH*: UN I'AfIFIC tOJIPINT.
• (PACiriO SY.tTKM.)
Tri»ln» l«-n» <■ hiiil ur« <lni> In nrrlTt al
MAN riCA .>«■!*< O. t
- (Mai7i Line, Foot of Market Street) v
lkatb — From ApbA 10, 15SS. — abriV
•C:«Ca Xilen, Sau Jose and Way Stations... *S.-Isa
7:0Oa Kenlcia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
":OOa &lar}svilie. Uroiille and Uedding tii
WoodUud 3:43p
7:OO a Vacavilie and Rumsey 8:43p
7:3<>a Martinez. San Kainon. Valiejo, Najia,
Calintoga and Santa Roaa C:lsp
8:OOa Atlantic Kxpreits, Og'ien and Kant.. k:l3p
»iil«A Nile*, San Joae, Htockton, lone,
Sacramento, Mai) ->villf, Chico,
lVli.-uns nnd Ke.l Itlnff -Itl.ip
•8:80 a Petera, Milton Oakdale »7:15p
Ui«m>a New Orleans Kx|>reiw, Merced, Ptay-
inoii.l. I lesiKi, Uakerslieid, Santa
lUrliara, \.t*s Angeles, DeminK,
Xl l'aso, Kew Orleans and East. oi43p
0:00 a Valiejo, Martluez, Msrcod and
Fref no 1 2:1
•l:00p Sacramento l!t»er SteHiiiers *»:00p
- l:««rNile», San Jose acd Way Station*.. •O:4."»a
l:»«p Martiuez Way Stations 7:4
2:UUp Livermore, Mccdota, llauford and
Viw1ia....... 4:13p
LiTerniore, San Jose, Niles and Way '
Stations 1 0: 1 A
<:00p Martinez, .Sun Kanioii, Vallejo, -I" -
■■<■; ''■■"■'■'■ Napa, «'»li«ti.ga, LI Verano and ' '■ *• '
v ShiiliiKosii Oil A
4ioop Benida, VacaTille, Woo ill and,
Knifc'htH Landing. Marysrille, Oio-
: ' Tille aixl SHuiHiiicnto lO:4Sa
l:30p Nilrs, San Jose, Tr.icy and Stockton .. 7:1
4:30p Lathrop, Mrxlesto; M>*rct-d. Bfrrud*,
Fre«uo. M(;j»ve (for Randisbiu-s),
S. 11,1 a llatiinia an-.l I,™ Aiiti'l™.. 7i45a
4i»«p Santa Vn Konte, Atlantic l':«i<ress
• for MoJ»to kihl Kiat 6:43p
«Js:3Op "Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, El
l'aso. Fort Wv.rtii, Little Uock, St.
Louis, Chicago and K&st §10:1 3a
TJ3:3op " Sunset Liioiltil Anmx," El Paso. - -
New Oilt-ans ar.4 Kast CIO:IIIa
«J:OOp Knr.ipeßii Mnil, Ogilen and Kast.... 9:4H*
fI:«HM- lh.jruHi.ls. Ki| sui»l Han .lose 7:43 a
t(»:«M»i- Vm1Uj....... t7:45p
HtWtOtemm r^in.-Hs.Miioriiiiieiilo, Marys-
ill.-. KtxMiiiu, Portliui.l, l'ngot
> 5,,,,ii,1 .in,l IQHiit SilBA
J.A.N I,K.\M>UO A.M» lIAVIVAICDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
>«:<»Oa1 7 tTHu
S:»oa Jlelrose. Seminary Park, f9:4* 1
IS!SSt Hlr!.l».ir ff , Klrnhnrnt, . I<>:4s\
I <)«<» a Hlrhlmrjr. Mmlinrst, 1I:«.T A
<II:OOa Smi l.rnndrn. South San 12:«.tp
!I14 :U .". M I l^n-lro. V>tndilla, {^l
'ißVoiip I Lorenzo, Cherry 1 Ki4»f
l:OOp , t3:43p
»:«M>p ami <i:lsp
8«3«* Iliijnnrili. .7»4»P
7:«0r ' J M.ip
JJ:OOp j i Rnni throngl. to Nile*. 9:4»p
tfll:i.->p I trol "^" eS - ni2:oo r
COAST IHVIMON (Narrow Uange).
(Fout of Market Street.! '
J7:43a aahta Cruz Excursion. Sauta Crui
and Principal Way Station* J»:«sp
S:l3ANewark.CenterTille,SanJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Oruz and Way
Htationa 8:30p
*2:13p Newark, Cect«rTille, San 4o*e, New
Almadcn, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cmz and Principal Way
Stations 0:30 a
4:1 3p San Joao atid Glecwood. 0:20 a
a4;l»i- Doulder Creek and Santa Crui! J1»:»»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Front Sin raiKCISCO— Foot «f Mukct Street (SUp 8)—
•7:15 0:1)0 1I:00a.m. tl:30 "2:00 t3:08
- »4:03 t5:00 *6:C3r.i«.
»r«n0iIl.ll!D-l'o.t«fBrMdw«7.— '6:C0 8:00 10:OOi.M.
1 12:00 »1:CO t2:CO- *3:CO ti:CO . *5:03r.M.
(OAST l»l VISION (Broatl Uauge). O
' (Third nnd Townsend St<.)
•7:UOa Hum Joks 11 nd Way SUllons (New
jMinaden Wednesdays only) liSOr
{7:30 a Sunday Excurnlun for San Jo»f\
S»nU Cruz, Pacific Gr»f« i and
I'rincipal Way stations t*:33r
9:00 a hun .1.1?-, Trin llikn, Sant« Cm/.,
raclllo linivr I'aao Uobtes, San
l.nis Ol>iK|M>. (ii.imialii|<K, Surf and
I'rlitdjnJ Way Statloim 4>lOf
10-.IOa Ran .lone and \'> i> Stations •*:(>o.4
I I:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations *M:3sa
•a:4ai-.San Mateo, lUdwood.
Baota Clara. Sim .ro*e, Orirry,
llollister. Santa Cr:i»!, Si-.lliias,
Muiitercii and rucilic tir"- « ...... *lO:S3a
•3:30p San.iosf.l * - •
and W.ij- nt»Mona *U:n»A
•l:l»r BanJoisai»l Principal \V:ij- Stations 9:43 a
♦»:<M>p Saii.lo?f-unii Principal SSt.itioni! 6:35 a
tt:3or Snn.loMaixl Princi|<al.Way 5:S«»p
li::iOrSw.](* and Way Stations 7:3<»r
|11:43r San Joswuml Way Station)..... '.'.. 7:»Op
' A for Morning. ~ P for Afternoon.
•Snnis»v«e«ce|.t«.l. t Sundays only. i Saturdays only
♦ t Monday, lhursday and Satnr.Uy niclifs only.
Jlhursdays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
5 Saturdays^ j Sninlays and Mo"r»» y
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco. Commencing September
19, 1597.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Karael-'7:25, . »9:30.
11.00 a m.; »l:4o. 3:45, •s;i s< 6:00. 6:30. p. m
Extra trips for San Itaiael on Mondays. Wedl
nes-days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
F 2!\ S" Valle y ar "i San "Rafael— »S:00, »10-00
•11-30 a. m; «l:U. 3:00. •«:».■ 6:15 p. ii. W *
Trains marked • run to Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7.-.6 a, m J? eek days for Cazadero and way sta-
nun«« : - Mm m - aturda s (mixed train)
Duncan, Mills and way stations; 8:00 a! mT
Sundays for Point Reyes and way station^RACING BEGINS
AT NEW YORK
Mudlarks the First to
Score on Aqueduct
Track.
Takannassee Takes the Open
ing Event, From Arabian
and Zanone.
Turn Veroln Handicap at a Mils at
Memphis Captured by
Fervor.
. Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 25,-This was the
opening day of the racing: season in
New York, the Aqueduct track being
the scene of the racing. The track was
Bticky.
Five furlongs -Takaonassee won. Ara
bian second, Zanone third. Time, l:05 2 «
half furlongs— Peace won
second, Crown third. Time
Five and one-half furlongs, selling—
Aratoma won. Prince Auckland second
I third. Time, 1:11 2-5.
Aboui seven furlongs— The Manxman
lit Care second, Tabouret third
Time, 1 :29 3-5.
Om mile and forty yards, selling— Ben
. won. King T second, .Longacre
third. Time, la:>...
Four and one-half furlongs, selling—
aap won, Bessie Taylor second,
Mnet> Cents third. Time, :.".'.'.
MEMPHIS, April 25.— Track fast.
Six furlongs, selling— Laureate won.
Trombone second, Millstream third.
Time, 1:16^1
Foui furlongs. 2-year-olds, maidens-
Parker ]■::■ v..;i. Be True second, Chi
mura third. Time,- ■.:■■>■-.
Seven furlongs— Crocket won, Tom Col
lins second, Dacien third. Time, I:3OVi.
One mile. Turn Verein handicap—
won, Romp second, J. A. Grey third.
Time. 1:43.
Six furlongs—Al Lone won, Rey Salazar
secoi High Noon third. Time,*l:l6*£.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling-— Tony
Honii . won. Ken Waddell second, Hen-
ca third. Time. 1:51^4:
CINCINNATI, April 25.— The track at
Newport was still sloppy to-day.
Mile and fifty yards, selling— Holy Land
won, Frank Jauhert second, Annie Taylor
third. Time, 1:55-%.
Four and one-half furlongs— of I
Baden won, Ilcliobas second, Minch third. !
Time. :^"- 4 . !
One mile and a sixteenth, Belling—
son won, ABC second, Royal Choice
third. Time, 1:53%.
Four and -half furlongs, selling—
Bannie won, Dolly Regent second, Pro
tect ihird. Time. :SS}£.
Six furlongs; selling— Loneta won. Luf
ra second, Ella Penzance third. Time,
1:1S#
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Rey del
Mar won, '•■i Dixon second, Swordsman
third. Time, 1:53*;.
EASTERN BASEBALL.
Chicago Beats Cincinnati and Louis- j
ville Falls to Cleveland.
CINCINNATI, April 25.— The Reds lost
Ihi y had gained a
ortable lead in the first half of the
eighth Inning. Damp, chillj
down to 500. Score:
R. H. E.
■: «:i 4 7 5
7 s l
Hill and Peitz; Brig-gs and Duna
. I i '.-iy.
LOUIS\ i1.1.K. . . ' Colonels
proved easy prey for Tebeau'a Indians.
Score:
tt. H. r.
Cleveland 11 ;
He 4 6 0
nor; Dowling and
and Wood.
•♦
Corbett Visits the Carson Arena.
CARSON, April 25.— James J. Corbett
visited the arena to-day and showed hi a
wife where he was knocked out. She was
v.-ry much interested, He reiterated his [
challenge to itzsimmons. He will give |
Fitzsimmona $1000 when he Bigns articles,
$1000 when he gets into the ring and the
purse of $25,000 and $10,000 on the side if
Fitzslmmons is not beaten inside of ten
rounds.
BOURDON WAS
QUIETLY BURIED
One of the Mildest Celebrations
Ever Held on the
Campus.
No Rushing, No Anti-Spanish Dem
onstration, No Burning of Butcher
Weyler.
BERKELEY, Anrll 23.— At least 4000
spectators thronged the university cam
pus thia evening to witness the Bourdon
burial celebration of the freshman class.
The Bourdon was the first to l><- held un
der the "no-rushing" regime, and was one
of the mildest celebrations ever held on
the campus.
The freshmen spent nearly $500 <~>n thHr
Bhow and a generous display or fireworks
made up the "grand spectacular" which
the freshiea had promised. Ancient
and <;atc«-lls from the SOphomon
traded somewhat from the effect oi the
oratory which the "SpieJerati" hurled at
the spectators.
The sophomores and a number of upper
claßsm< ii had arranged to have an "anti-
Spanish" celebration after the close of
thY Bourdon.
President Martin Kellopg, however,
upon hearing of the proposed celebration,
issued an order forbidding it, and noti
fied the university police force and the
town officers to quell any attempt of the
kind. The plan of burning Weyler in
efflgy was accordingly abandoned and the
itors were compelled to limit the
expression of ;heir patriotism f o th>- sing
iriK of "America" and "The Star Spangled
- r." The "Splelerati" who took
leading parts in the celebration were: C.
C. Cobb, R. S. Pierce, .J. li. Southard. R.
W. Tully, M. H. Schwartz. J. W. S. Bul
ler, S. A. Williams and X. G. Guiberson.
JUDGE COFFEY'S ROBBER.
A Well-Known Criminal Captured
Through His Watchfulness.
When Judge J. V. Coffoy Bided the
police in the rapture of John ('lurk, he
did not know that he was landing a well
known and vicious criminal. As was
! in yesterday's Call, Clark tried to
. ••■ with the contents of Henry Sut
liff's rash drawer, and was booked on a
charge of grand larceny.
The ik! ii!</ of Clark had a familiar ring
to Corporal Gelman, who has the police
records in charge, and on examination
he found thai. Clark had been sentenced
to two years in Folsom in October. 1894,
for burglarizing a tailor shoo. On his
release he tried his hand at till-tappine
and was again captured. This time ho
was sentenced to one year in the f'ountv
Jail. During his incarceration he and
other crtmlnala made a daring attempt
to break Jail, which was nipped in the
bud. < lark was liberated only two weeks
ago. i»ut the criminal instinct again as
serted itself, and again he. is in the toils
As he had been sentenced for the same
crime before, the charge of grand lar
ceny was changed t<> petty larceny, sec
ond offense, which constitutes a "felony
He will accordingly receive a stiff sen
tence.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain pane*
ACTED LIKE A
REAL NICE GIRL
"Won't Dance Pouted and
Finished Last a Few
Days Ago.
Made Ostler Joe Look Like a
Tramp in Yesterday's
Racs.
A Light Attendance Viewed the
Sport — Four Favorites Met
With Disaster.
On Wednesday, April 20, the day that
A. G. Widber was placed under arrest for'
embezzling the city's funds. Rubicon, a
horse supposed to be the property of the
disgraced official, won a race at Ingleside,
and the ring was badly scorched. All of
the wise people on the track apparently
backed him. There were but four start
ers in the race, for which the Oorrigan
entry, Won't Dance, opened in the betting
a3 to j favorite, receding bo '■< to 10. Her
rable showing— lor she finished last—
was the uuk In downtown turf circles
that evening. Yesterday this same mare
made a show of Ostler Joe and Bernar*
dillo in a mile and a furlong purse effort,
after reaching in the betting the ripe and
mellow odds of ;;'■- to 1. Ostler Joe was
favorite for the race, but the aristoera.no
coin did not go in on the black horse.
ishi (i si cend. While the horses were
.-t a well-known layer of odds
the rounds betting Wont Dance in
every book that woum take the money,
:■ it was stable con: or ei.se this layer
oi prices had solved the secrets of the
- "i India, and .should be able to
strawberries grow in an oyster can
is was about the only race affording
any chance for gossip, the others being
commonplace affairs. The receipts yes
terday were donated to charity, and e'oin
pnmentaries were not recognised at tne
rhe grand stand and Letting ring
>o packed with people that a good
strong puff of wind from the ocean would
ibly have swept the greater portion
b grounds. The tide is running out
racegoers are not charitably in
clined. Favorites fared badly, taking but
two pur.si s. .
The sport opened with a race for mem
>f the kindergarten division, at four
iuriongs. The Corrigan stable furnished
the favorite in Winifred, but she failed to
- murk. Modwena, with Thorpe up
won cleverly, with her stable mat.-, Ann
taking the place from Crossmoiina
me winner was 4% to 1 in the betting
A bunch of thirteen started In the sev
en-rurlong.run, decided under soiling eon
favoritism lay between Crom
■iil Uerm-anita, either befpg quoted
to lln the ring. The .latter turned up
: . Retting over the line an< ck I •
\\illi;un <>B, a 20- to 1 shot.. JLucky Star
>se third. Kaiser Ludwlg \\Ns
out in front for a piece, but stopped
The condition of the mile and a six
race, over hurdles, seemed to fit
m nicely, and he won. though but
•ported, going to the post 6 tol.
circulated at the siurt caused the
against Colonel Bartlett, the O>rri
lumper, to be hammered down from
s to ti to 5, but later. 5 to 1 was ob
ii»le. Always well up, Tortoni won
cleverly from the poorly ridden Tex
arkana.
The seven-furlong special was consid
by the knowing ones a g »od thing
f..r Daisy K. which was backed down to
9 to ]0. The mare led into the stretrh. and
there the 110 pounds anchored her. Oddson
<nme on and disposed of Don Luis a
length, both horses being ridden out
The final mile run was only a galiop '*>j .
leta, which outclassed her field Jtui
won hands down from The Ace.
TRACK NOTES.
Barney Schrelber. it Is paid, has been, en- j
deavortng to secure the services nf Dick Claw- !
son to do his riding the comiiiK summer.
Quite, a number of "clams" were caught on ;
a wild tip circulated <>ri Joe Mussle, one of
the seven "crabs" that chased La Goleta
around the rlnp in the last event. Ilia rider '
was either a prominent member of the Muscle
family or pls*> he If- nf no ;i< ■■•■ unt.
Ht. Krlstine is the first of the recent pur
chases nf Prince Poniatowakl to face the bar
rier. She was a bit green, but if breeding Roes ,
for anything should soon prove a winner. The
filly is a daughter of St. Carlo from imp. Kit
ing: Crust.
At the start McDonald on Cromwell accommo
datingly ran tils mount Into a pocket, and of \
course was never prominent thereafter.
Bernardillo, if nothing e»e, is a consistent
horse, always running one goed and one bad
race. Next time out he will do to play In any
kind of company.
Texarkana was much the best of the starters
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
DACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-lngleside TracV-1 sOth day of tho
* Winter Meeting, Monday, April 25, 1898. Weather cloudy. Track
fast.
.
FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-old fillies; purse, $350.
[orses.
91.'. Modwena 110 8
94S Ann Page 105] 7
918 Crossmolina .........109 1
936 Winifred 108 4
63<5 I^a Juanita I
... St. Kristine 112 2
... Cymona Hoi 1
945 Practice 109 8
924 Ocorona l'O7 • ■
2 2
3 <A
1 h
6 1
4 4
7 4
"1 2
8 "
1H 1 IV4
2 h . 2 h-
54 4 3
4S 6 1
C 2 c, 4
71. 7 S
8 S
I norpe
Enos ;
Piggott ......
Claw Ho n.....
Miller
Shields
Bennett
Buckley
Merritt
4 9-2
9-2 7
1 7-5
30 210
2 8-5
40 • 50
CO 100
40 200
• Left. ••Coupled with Modwena.
Time, :49' 2 . Winner, P.. Hughes' b. f. by Morello-Glen Ellen. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving.
OR££Z SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
[i lex Rones. Weight St. sm. *Hm." %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. [OjT cT.
747 Hermanita. 0 107 7 ... 3 l'/ 3 3'i 2'i In IThorpe 3 9
William OB, 5. 10914 ... 2? 1-8 lh 2'A ! Honnessy .... 10 21
Lucky Star, 4....:... 1061 3 ... 4 116 4 3 3 1 3 2 IStufflet 8 15
831 Queen Nubia, 4...... .101 1 ... r, v: S2 5 2 4 'i lEnoe in r,
729 Pleaeanton, 4 1081 > ... 83 9 2 6>4 • 5 2 Mclntyre .... 30 6')
934 Cromwpll.fi 109 1 ... ID 3- 7% 7 1 f. 'A 'McDonald ... 3 3
923 Kaiser Ludwlg, 4;.. 109 8 ... I' 6 2 >fc 44 7 4 IPlggott 8 T>
'•43 Btentor, 4 103112 ... Th 6v 3 8 1 Zu. Holmes 10 20
%2 Attlcus, 4 1031 9 ... 313 115 9 2 9 5 IBarringer 100 100
940 Justine. 4..... 1016 ... fi 2 SI 10 5 10 10 iC'laws.in 3 L 0
Charles A. a IMIM ... flh 103 11 11 O. Wilson.... (\ i>
903 liii c.ara, 5 109111 ... 12 ■• 12 12 12 Feighery 100 11
n% Tularo, 4 ■■...IOC- • [Weaver | G 8
:r.
3
10
6
10
30
3
8
10
100
3
6
100
c
3
20
15
15
6')
3
12
20
100
10
12
13
8
'caver
• Left.
Timo, 1:39%. Winner. X F. Smith- s br. m. by Fresno-Sister to Jim Douglas.
wart, won first three driving.
Good
956.
THIRD RACE-^Dne and an eighth miles; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
Index. Horses. Weight, it s.,i. %m. >^m. -%m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. jOp. cl
MS Won't Dance, 6 110 1 ?. 3 3 3 2 2 11% Clayton | 2 3
ii- V? i- I,'!'1 ,'!'- B 1! " 2l " 2121 21 in 25 Hennsasy .... 8-5 3-4
W5 Bemardlllo, 4 10l( 3 :i 1 v ■1 n 1 n 3 3 Clawson 4 3
Time 1 :.",>;. Winner, E Corrlsan's b. m. by Longfellow-Can Dance. Good start.
_^n easily. Second and third driving.
■,m.
Str
Fin.
QS7. FOURTH RACE -One and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward; over
*•**-* t.« four hurdles; purse, $400.
Index. Horses. Weight j St. Btd. Km. %m.- %m. Rtr. Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
932 Tortonl, 6 '.14G 5 6 43 -To 9~T TTZ i~2 Kennv ■ 9" R
M« Texarkana^ 3... m 4 'r, n^-i-i 3 6 3li 2 2 h o wnLTns :::::: 5-2 353 5
932 G')ld Dust, Tl"'T 1 "' 4—4 — li; 2 2h H« r n 414 320 Wllkins 5-2 Ko
932 Gold Dust, a jßll 2 ]ia 2h 5 4"5 4 4 Doanp 1 I 9
... Colonel Bartiett, .120! % 3u. 5 4 1 5 B J 4 Myera I I
522 Eureka, a 137(6 5h 5_ Jj 5 .. ... I." hSSL*;!:-^-:: 10 25
%m. vim.
Kenny
Shepard
Wllkins
Doane
Myers
Hanna
2
2
5-2
2
3
10
6
5
3
5-2
6
25
• Refused. . " "~
SocJnd'and^hlrd driving. A 1 Sm ' th ' 3 eh - *■ by Ecuador-Eva S 11. Good start. Won easily.
958 • FIFTH RACE ~ Seven furlongs; three-year-olds; special; purse, $400.
Index. Horses. Weight. St. Urn. 1,4 m. %nr Str. ■ Fin. Ji
(939) Oddson ,: H8 2 2H 3 1 Fa 'm . ~7~J Th^
m I- on Luis 104 4 4 ■ 4 » •> i, \\ r-in-n
939 Daisy F.. 110 2 3Vi 11 n 314 ,h nizZ
939 Mistleton 10911 in 21 3\j Jj* 4 Pigs
Time, '1:29. Winner. Burns ft Waterhouse's eh c. by Torso-Trellis
ridden out. Second and third driving. • J or 1 reins.
orpe
iwson
ivton
rgott
: ockeys. jOp. Cl.
rpe 7-5. 3
wson ..... 4 4
yton .. 6-R 9-10
gott 4 7
Good start. Won
959.
SIXTH RACE-One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
I. J
929 L,a Goleta. 3 1<
947 The AC*. 3 !
943 The Dragon. 5 1
910 Major Hooker, 3 —
943 Charlemagne. 4 II
529 Terra Archer, 5..... V
603 Joe Muasle, 4 ...... .1'
94C Defiant. 3.. .......... i
947 The AC-!, 3 ....97 3 ..- 4 IV4 4>|>i 4 2 \\ 2h W,
943 TheDragon.s 118 5 31 si 21i Jl4 In B Plr
930 Major Hooker, 3... .100 1 1U 21 314 2 h 4 5 Cln ■
943 Charlemapne. 4 100 4 fi 14 Cl *T^ri K9 w»,
529 Terra Archer, 5.... .112 7 718 62 ru' 55 ■ ? ei
S3 Joe Mussle, 4 112 8 i h Lk. 74 ill JHH
94C Defiant, 3 97 8 8 7% 8 8 8 Oar
easnlr^SanTffi £vV aWwla> " Ch ' f " Am.go-Rosebud.
2
1
4
7
6
8
2 w;
4 IV4
3 1
1 H
I H
7 1
6 h
8
1 Vt
4 'A
3 1
2 1
6 1
8
6 1
" 'i
1 1
4 2
2 h
3 14
If
7 4
8
1 1
■'4 3 <'
1 14
2 h
G 1
74*
. 8
1 3
2 h
3 ns
4 5
5 2
6 3
7 4
S
Mflntyre ....
Wninright ...
rijrgrott
Clawson ■...■;.
Weaver ......
G. Wilson....
G01den" ....:..
Garigan ......
Intyre .... 3-5
ilnright ... 15
fgott H
1 wson 3
?aver 10
Wilson.... 20
Iden r.O
rlgan 40
Good start.
3-5
10
8
4
20
60
12
1 100
"Won
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 2C>, 189 S.
In the hurdle event, but was handicapped by
Bhepard's ridincr. The latter plainly does not
exrol at the jumping game.
There was a stiff play on Gold Dust. The
greldins was never partial to weight, and was
anchored before half the distance was covered.
--•.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
■ ■ ■-V -.. •■"■. '.
First Race— Six furlongs; maiden three-year
olds.
916 Gottlieb 104 [ 946 Rosa 102
927 Amasa 11l 946 Emma Rey 1"2
260 Pongo 1141 94C Nlihau 103
930 Brown Prince.. .104 j 927 Aprona 109
94ii Joe Levy 104 1 930 Hohenlohe 114
Second Race— Five-eighth* of a mile; two
year-olds; selling.
956 Hannah Reid. ..Mß 949 Ach l fl 9
94.i Pantcllo 104 936 Bonibel 106
MS The Fretter ....106
Third Race— One and a quarter miles; Bell
ing.
916 Daylißht 1081 MS Little Cripple ..110
955 Tulare 110 938 Del Paso II 117
952 Waivnna 110! f ; 29 Claudius 110
M 0 Metaire no :<4O Treachery 103
92S Lodestar 1061
Fourth Race— One mile; three-year-olds.
9!"."! Morinel 1051 ' 947 Forisovannah -HO
947 Glorian liol (042) Sardonic »9
(.947)Torsida 10.1 ■
Fifth Race— One and a half miles.
956 Ostler Joe 1161 920 Morel li to 9*
944 Flashlight 110 (9SB)Grady l f| 3
92C Buckwa .' 1071 (956) Won't Dance.. .ll6
Sixth Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell-
Ing:.
90S Dolore 1081 952 Loch Ness 103
:<; -.' MUdaa in: 040 Kapido 102
BfiO chihuahua 101 ! 931 Break o' Day.. .101
(946)Tempse 'J2i ... Trappean 10S
I'll Rebel Jack 97i ... Mike Rice 102
953 O'Fleta 112! 952 Imp. Mistral 11. 11 l
931 Torpedo 99! 941 Widow Jones ...103
943 Florimel w 97i (943) Potentate 11l
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Aprona, Pong-o, Amasa.
Second Race— Santell.o, Aeh, Bonibel.
Third Race— Metaire, Del Paso 11. Tulare. .
Fourth Race— Morinel, Sardonic, Torsida.
Fifth Race— Morellito, Won't Dance, Grady.
Sixth Race— Chihuahua, Rebel Jack, Mis
| tralll. ; •
REPLIED TO
INGERSOLL
j Rev. John P. D. John on "Did
Man Make God or Did
God Make Man?"
D >iivers the Address Before a Large
Audience In the Howard-
Street Church.
Last evening in the Howard-street
church Rev. John. P. .D. John delivered
his well-worded lecture entitled, "Did
Man Make God, or Did God Make Man?"
The church was well tilled, although
many of the members of the Epworth
League have returned to their homes. The.
lecture was given especially for the bene
fit of the league and though the entire
address carries conviction with it the
treat offered many was not taken advan
tage of. .
As is well known the lecture was pre
pared by the divine in answer to Colonel
Robert Ingersoll, ami according to all re
ports a rejoinder has never been made.
It is admitted even by Ingersoll himself
that Rev. John P. D. John is the first
speaker who has not as yet attacked his
personalities n<>r attempted to .throw
down his arguments with sarcasm, but
to thf contrary has attempted to the best
of his ability, admitted to be considerable,
t" bring history and belief to bear on the
subject which seems so vital to many. As
a well-known writer has stated, it is the
difference of opinion which makes horse
racing, arid it is admitted by lngersoll
that a difference of opinion is refreshing,
especially when that difference is argued
ami an attempt made to show that each
one is right when the attempt is made in
a properly conducted discussion.
The sp> aker showed considerable force
of character and strength, coupled with
eloquence.. Those who heard the remarks
were well pit as< ■!, and from beginning
to conclusion the speaker was heartily
apnlauded. Last evening the Epworth
League practically disbanded until the
meeting which will be held the coming
year.
BOLD BURGLARS CAPTURED.
Joseph Johnson and Michael Kelly
Caught in the Act of Disposing
of Their Plunder.
Officer A. J. P..Noltlng captured Joseph
Johnson and Michael Kelly., two burglars
who entered CurUtn's second-hand store
at 1123 Market street on Sunday ni^ht
and stole a large quantity of wire net
ting. The; men were caught in the aot
of disposing of their haul at Lippman's
junk store on Folsom street, for $2'i;
When arrested, each denied ownership,
claiming that the property belonged to
the other. K< lly Is a relative of Curten's,
and familiarized, himself with the sur
rounamgs of the latter's store. After
prying the door open, they boldly loaded
the netting in a wagon and drove off.
Both men were booked on charges of
burglary.
WHIT HAS
BECOME OF
THE LUMBER
Grand Jurors Hot on
the School Board's
Trail.
Fresh Instances Shown
of the Loot of City
Finances.
Highest Prices Paid for Plank
ing Fit Only for Fire- .
wood.
WHAT THE EXPERTS SAY.
Inspector O'Brien's Private Contract
Again Forcibly Brought to
Mind.
More of the fine work of the School De
partment and Ragan's brother-in-law,
John O'Brien, was disclosed yesterday
by the committee of the Grand Jury ap
pointed to investigate the furnishing of
supplies for the public schools, and the
Investigators are merely on the threshold
of their tank. Lumber .and shingles dwin
dled under the unerring measurements
of Experts Holt, Campbell and Rickard
to such an extent that in several in
stances less than -a third of »he quantity
the city has paid for was disclosed. A
few. items of lumber had disappeared as
completely and mysteriously, as a coin in
a prestldigitateur's hands.
A notable ease was unearthed at the
Pacliic Heights school, where the city
had paid for 6000 feet of 2 by 6 and 4275
feet. of 2by 8 redwood piariking, but the j
most diligent starch failed to reveal !
where a single loot of either had been !
used. This kind of lumber costs the city
J7 74 per thousand, a. total of $77 52 which
the city has paid for but never received.
In -this connection it may be stated that j
2 by 8 redwood makes excellent ceiling i
joists, and 2 by 6 the best kind of floor-
Ing joists, just the kind of lumber that!
could be us< d most advantageously by !
Ragan's brother-in-law, O'Brien, in one j
Of his private contracts— such a job, for]
instance, as that performed on Mission j
street, that The Call found occasion to |
mention a few weeks ago. This may be i
only a coincidence — probably it is— but '
still the thought comes rorcibly to one !
that John began his Mission street con- j
tract along- in September last, and It was i
Just prior to that time that this lumber!
was charged up against the city.
Since last Friday, when the committee!
of the Grand Jury started in on its in- '
vestlgatiori, some strange rumors have !
reached the members to the effect that !
the store house of the School Department
was to be stocked with lumber in sum- !
dent quantities to correspond with that I
which has disappeared, and the claim '
made that the surplus from repairs at the
various schools had been stored for fu- i
ture use. Basements of school houses, !
according to these whispers, were also to '
be stocked, those responsible for the !
deficiency hoping by this means to out- I
wit the Grand. Jury.
To guard against such a move the first
step of the. committee yesterday was to
effectually check anything of the kind.
Mfessrsi Truman, Hedger, Bauer and
Bryan, together with the three experts,
descended upon the store house at the
corner of Pine and Larkin streets short
ly alter 9 o'clock yesterday morning, and '•
a thorough search of every nook and
crevice on the piano brought to light six
teen bundles of the cheapest grade of I
shingles, less than 2500, and one small ;
pile Of new lumber containing not more i
than 500 feet. Care will be taken that j
none of the schoolhouses or other places
will be stocked. : i
After finishing the search at the store '
house the party proceeded to the Win- ■
field Scott Primary School on Lombard !
street, between Broderick and Baker.
The exterior of the building: and plank
ed yard were found in wretched condi
tion; The rear of the yard is built up on (
stilts twenty feet above the ground, \
which slopes away to the bay from the
street. The planks were rotten and had
been patched here and there with Inch
boards until a child could hardly run the
length of the yard without tripping half
a dozen times. It seemed almost mirac- j
ulous that the entire flooring has not '
collapsed long before this.
And yet during the past six months the
city has paid for enough lumber that it
has never received to replank the entire
yard half a dozen times over.
The roof of this school was reshingled
during vacation last year, the city being
charged for. 62,000 fancy shingles at $1 90
per thousand. The experts found that
65,000 of No. 2, common, the poorest qual
ity in the market, and much inferior to
the grade the contractor had agreed to
furnish at 9U cents, had really been used.
Two hundred feet of boards used to patch
the fence and front steps was all that
could be found, although J)00 feet are
charged for in the bill paid by the city.
Attention was called to a wonderful
piece of work in the way of patching up
the drainage pipes, but the committee j
had determined to Confine Itself to the j
lumber end of the frauds, so after a cur- j
sory glance at the work, which was fully !
exposed to view, the members hurried on j
to the Sherman Primary, on Union street,
near Gough.
The yard at this school was entirely re
planked last July and a partition fence
built from the rear of the building to the
outhouse. All the material used was sup
posed to be of the best quality and the
city paid the highest price for it, but only
the cheapest lumber to be found had been
used.
As Expert Holt put it, some of the
planking was a poor grade of No. 2, and
some a good grade of firewood.
These are the charges made against the
city and the bill has been paid: 43,320 feet
of *2 by 8, No. 1, planking; 240 feet of 2 by
12 clear; 10,000 feet of 4 by 4 redwood; 3600
feet of 2 by 12 redwood, all at the uniform
price of $7 74 per thousand.
This is what the experts found: 24,7.10
feet of 2 by 8 planking, poorest quality;
no 2 by 12, clear; 5650 feet cf 4 by 4 red
wood, and 1100 feet of 2 by 12 redwood, a
total shortage of 25,660 feet, for which the
city paid $11* 60.
The Spring Valley Grammar, on Union
near Polk, next received the attention of
the inspectors. Here, in addition to the
replanking of the yard, a shed had been
built along the westerly side of the yard
and" some trivial repairs made to the
stairways. The bill for lumber called for
,the following; Oregon pine— sl,22o feet of
2-inch planking; 410 feet of 2 by 4; SC6 feet
of tongue and groove; 1874 feet of 2 and
4-inch surfaced lumber of varying width.
Redwood— l9.soo feet of 4 by 4; 920 feet of
4 by 4, clear; 512 feet of 1 by 8 inch, sur
faced; 3650 feet of IV* by 4 inch tongue and
groove; 278 feet of stepping; 14,000 shin-
Cles.
This is what was found: Oregon pine—
20,000 feet of 2-lnch planking; 250 feet o?
2 by 4; 60 feet of tongue and groove; 600
feet of surfaced lumber. Redwood— 6loo
feet of 4 by 4; 690 feet of 4 by 4 clear; 62
feet of 1 by 8. surfaced; 2724* feet of II I,*1 ,*
tongue and groove; some old lumber used
for the stepping; 8000 shingles. The qual
ity of each sort was the same as that
found at all the other schools, while No.
1 quality had invariably been paid for.
At the Pacific Heights Grammar, on
Jackson street near Flllmore, the last
school visited, the stealing was even
greater than at the other places: For re
planking the yard the city had paid for
this lumber: 30,300 feet of No. 1, 2-inch
planking; 16.260 feet of 4 by 4; 6000 feet of
2 by 6, surfaced; 4275 feet of 2 by 8 sur
faced. This Is what was found: 19,000 feet
of No. 3 planking; 6300 feet of 4 by 4. Not
an inch of either the 2 by 6 or 2 by 8 could
be found. The 4 by 4 cost the city $8 95
a thousand: the other cost $7 74, all be
ing charged as best quality.
The total cost of lumber not delivered
was $2."2 sn. When Ahe difference In the
price of No. 1 and the grade used is con
sidered, the loss to the city is much
greater.
ROBINSON
WILL NOT
COME BACK
The City Prison Cap
tain on His Way
to Alaska.
Rumors of His Intrigue
With a Married
Woman.
Handed Chief Lees His Resig
nation Before Leaving
the City.
EXPECTS TO BE WEALTHY
Judga Tobin Determined Not to Ap
point Sergeant Wolf Hi 3
Successor.
Captain Robinson, who for several
years was in charge of the City Prison,
has tendered his resignation to Chief
Lees. While the latter deni^ th.it
Robinson has severed his connection
with the Police Department, it is reli
ably stated that "Handsome Bill," as
he is known to his subordinates, wiJl
not return to this city.
Several weeks ago Robinson was
granted a fourteen days' leave of ab
sence, ostensibly for the purpose of vis
iting the East and claiming a portion
of the estate left by a deceased rela
tive. It is said on good authority that
Robinson, for some reason, decided to
resign from the Police Department.
After being granted a "leave erf ab
sence" it is claimed he visited the of
fice of the Chief of Police and informed
his superior officer that he would noi
return.
"I am through with police business,"
!he is said to have remarked. "Appoint
| Wolf my successor and I'll be happy."
Wolf is the nephew of the chief, and
i was recently made a sergeant. When
j Lees first learned that Robinson did
i not intend to return he determined to
■ do all in his power to promote his rela
tive to the responsible position of cap
! tain of the City Prison. Judge Tobin,
J president of the Board of Police Com-
I missioners, learned of the game and
I decided to call a halt. When sum
! moned before the president ■ of the
| board Lees endeavored to explain his
i action by announcing that Robinson
! intended to return and that his nephew
had been placed In charge of the prison
; temporarily. Since then Lees has
i made no effort to influence the other
Commissioners to appoint a successor
| to Robinson, knowing that Judge To
j bin, although he is confined to his bed
: with la grippe, would bitterly oppose
| the appointment of his relative to the
place.
At the same time, it is claimed Lees
carried Robinson's resignation in his
inside pocket, not allowing even his
most intimate friends to peruse it.
Yesterday afternoon a friend of the
ex-captain received a letter from him,
dated Chicago, in which he said he had
■ resigned and tl.at he was surprised that
Wolf had not been apnointpd his suc
cessor. He wrote that he would shortly
I start for Alaska, and would not return
j to this city for some time.
Why Lees should endeavor to foroe
i the Commissioners to appoint his
j nephew successor to Robinson seems
j strange, to say the least. Sergeants
i Lindheimer. Brown and Bldwell, who
! are attached to the City Prison as desk
sergeants, are far more familiar with
the duties of captain than the pet rela
tive of the scheming Chief of Police.
1 When asked last night if Robinson
I had resigned, the astute head of the de
j partment answered in the negative.
I When questioned he became belliger
| ently indignant and referred the re
porter to ex-Captain Robinson, know
! ing that the latter could not be seen.
A DESPERATE CRIMINAL.
Edward McDowan Steals a Shotgun
and Makes a Daring Attempt
to Escape.
Tempted by a shotgun, which was ly
ing on the sidewalk with other effects
belonging to Joseph P. Garside, of 314
Fremont street, Edward McDowan, a
petty thief, waited his chance and calmly
hypothecated it. Some neighbors observed
his action and informed Mr. Garside, and
the latter reported the theft to the police.
Last evening Policeman Juel saw Mc-
Dowan trying to dispose of the gun in
a pawnshop at Folsom and Third streets.
The policeman placed him under arrest,
and in taking him to the patrol box was
struck a crushing blow in the face by
McDowan, who tried to escape. Juel was
too quick for him, and after an exciting
chase and a hard struggle the desperate
criminal was handcuffed. He was charged
at the City Prison with petty larceny and
resisting an officer.
Burned by Boiling Tar.
Thomas Manion, 1019 Golden Gate ave
nue, was treated at the Receiving Hos
pital last evening for severe burns on the
hand. Manion, who is an employe of the
Spring Valley Water Company, while
working on a water main accidentally
upset a bucket of boillns tar, aad the
contents went over his hand. Quick rem
edies were applied to ease the pain, and,
accompanied by his daughter, he called
at the hospital for treatment. It will be
some time before he can renew his
labors.
Struck by an Electric Car.
Ann Kernan commenced suit yesterday
to recover $10,000 damages from the Mar
ket Street Railway Company for injuries
alleged to have been received on Novem
ber 1 last by being knocked down by an
electric car of the Third street line.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
~"^MSM^7%\ EPTRIfi RH TQ
1 niu DLL I O
|R?»» /\\ fM^ i" \ \ / / \Tjs£m Are B° o< thinK!i if properly made, but some of
lfib < iS&ta*-^ ' k\ / x '^iaC&&B lhe thin K s which are sold as "electric belts"
'%K|3|n™Kffl!Kjii^ itm'^^^F^^' at hl h l irlces by unprincip,ed quacks are
r^iSsll 'WSr actually not worth 5 cents apiece. If you want
■>S^TOii^^^l^^i»sSy^ a K " od b^ v, c ne t0 la^u a reasonable length of
**/ife r7Srr mWa r Xif .^f"l^ i yTOj*r~»- time, and fill you with Electricity from the
// /^\^ T£^2>AC- " Ti!\\ Boles of your feet to the top of your heart
/ 1 mmm^fX^- '"^ you MUST have "Dr. Piercis 1 for it Is the
■xi-f I_i-i_ BEST and Ib warranted. to be exactly as represented.
J^f\Mi-~ TESTIMONIALS we have -enough of to fill this entire
• /Vf^. newspaper. Send for our Free Book, No. 2. It gives price list
/ 7 VT^ and tells all about It. Or call at otSee and examine the goods
BUT BE SURE YOU
BUY NO BELT TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES.
' IF RUPTURED, ask also for our Iatest "PAMPHLET No.' 1."
ADDRESS, or call on the
Pierce Electric Co., 620 Market St.,
OPP. PALACE HOTEL, S. F.
SEATTLE OFFlCE— Sullivan block, 712 First aye., Seattle, Wash.
LIVING PICTURES
WILL BE THERE
Another Attraction to Be
Presented During the
Masonic Festival.
Mrs. Nathan Schlesinger Will
Preside Over the Booth of
Natural Beauty.
A Meeting of the Executive Commit
tee Was Held Yesterday and.
Details Discussed.
The executive committee of the Masonic
Festival met yesterday in the Claus
Spreekels building and received re
ports from the various sub-com
mittees which had been appoint
ed to decide on the details of general
display. It was the expressed opinion
that sufficient floor space would be found
on the main floor of the Pavilion, and
that the annex might possibly be used
as an overflow for -some of the special
attractions which are being urged by
would-be exhibitors. A plan which in
cluded the occupation of the galleries as
well was considered, but it id probable
that they will not be used.
The Question of decoration came up for
discussion, and there was much unanim
ity of opinipn about it. Charles L,. Pat
ton, the chairman of the executive com
mittee, practically voiced the opinion of
each member when he said: "At this
time it seems to me that there is no doubt
as to whac the prevailing idea in the
general design should be. It is my opin
ion that we cannot make the national
emblems nor the national colors too
prominent. As well as being Masons, we
are all Americans, and I am distinctly in
favor of that being shown in no uncer
tain way at our fete." Without any dis
cussion tills was decided on.
Special trains will be run during the
fete by all the railroads* and from the
discussion had by Chairman Patton yes
terday with two or three of the repre
sentatives, exceptionally favorable rates
are promised.
In addition to the minuet which is to be
danced nightly in the postofflce booth, it
is proposed to add an hour's merriment
at the close of the festival daily. This
meets with a slight opposition, because it
is feared that it might be a slight strain
on the nervous system of the young la
dies who will give practically the whole
of their tjme and attention to the success
of the fete. The majority, however,
were decidedly in favor of a grand ball
on the nisht of the 14th of May.
Mrs. Nathan Schlpsinger, who will pre
side over the booth of living pictures
and theatricals at the Masonic Festival,
has accepted a very pretty design for its
exterior and interior adornment. It
promises to be attractive, not only be
cause of the daily exhibits of natural
beauty which it is destined to enshrine,
and the merriment, the pathos and trag
edy which its well-planned stage is to
provide for the genera! entertainment,
but its fashioning and its decoration will
be decidedly striking. Associated with
Mrs. Sohlesinger are a number of charm
ing young ladies, and as each is spoken
of as a "California rosebud," the popu
larity of this temple of beauty and art
will probably be great.
All of the scenes have not been ar
ranged as yet. but the work is well ad
vanced and rehearsals are had regularly.
The interest taken by the ladies adds—
as it always does— to successful depictions
of life in its various phases.
ALBERT TOOK IN CHINATOWN.
The Prince of Belgium Sees Some of
the Sights and Is Much Im
pressed.
Count Albert of Belgium, otherwise
the scion of Kings and Princes, who
is traveling incognito so as to avoid dip
lomatic complications, has started in to
enjoy himself.
Yesterday he and the Gentlemen who
compose his staff of companions and
caretakers visited the Union Iron Works
in the afternoon and, when the shades of
night had cast their dark mantle over
the city, the Prince and his suite took
in the sights of Chinatown under the
skilled guidance of Chevalier Jules de la
Clerfayt, a gentleman whose shield bears
thirty-two quarterlngs all the time, and
several halves most of the time.
Upon his return the Prince refused to
be interviewed as he could not. in his
present position, speak without commit
ting a serious breach of official etiquette.
It is learned, however, from a source t"hat
is entirely reliable, that, just before re
tiring, His Royal Highness called Dr.
Melis. the court physician, into his sleep
ing apartments and informed that official
that he was much impressed with what
he had witnessed. Dr. Melis was con
siderably worried over the matter, and
at once ordered a light stimulant and
complete rest. This treatment has proved
so efficacious that, at the time of going
to press it was thought all serious dan
ger had passed, and with careful nurs
ing the heir to the throne of Belgium
might be able to pull through.
COULDN'T PAY HIS BENT.
Lack of Money Caused Oscar Forssen
to Take His Life.
While despondent because of the lack
of money Oscar Forssen turned on the
gas Sunday night and was found dead in
his bed last evening,
Forssen had roomed at the private
house of Mrs. Frank Cullirm, 360 Jessie
street, for eight months, and always paid
his rent up to a short time ago. Sunday
he told Mrs. Cu'.lum that he would be
able to settle for his room in a few days,
as he expected money soon. That was
the last time he was seen. The door of
his room was closed all day yesterday,
and late in tho afternoon when Mrs. Cul
lum passed the room she detected tho
odor of gns. The door was broken open
and Forssen was found lying on the bed
fully dressed. The gas jet was turned
on. and paper had been pasted over the
cracks in the door and window.
Nothing is known of Forssen's business,
as Mrs. Cullurn never asked him anything
about himself, and he volunteered no in
formation. He was about 31 years old,
and is said to have a brother living in the
city.
The Case Dismissed.
Frank Murray, who waa arrested on a
charge of vagrancy Sunday night, came
up for a hearing in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday morning. It was discovered
that he was not the party wanted and
the case against him was dismissed.
WATCH.
"Watch your footsteps; you may slip
and injure yourself.
Watch your habits; they may grow
upon you unawares and get beyond
your control.
Watch the tendency of the times. The
world is moving and changing every
day and you cannot afford to be left
behind.
Watch the course of events. It may
mean to you the securing of a fortune
or the loss of what you already pos
sess.
Watch carefully the interests of your
true friends. They are always few in
number, and you cannot do too much
for those who have been tested and
tried.
Watch above all things your health.
It is the most precious possession you
can ever have in this life.
Watch for the first signs of a cold, a
cough, and symptoms of malaria, pneu
monia, or consumption, and bear in
mind that there is but one thing that
can cheek these troubles quickly, and
that is a pure stimulant.
Watch carefully those who try to per
suade you to t: .c false stimulants and
bear in mind that there is but one pure,
scientin'c, medicinal stimulant, and that
is Duffy's Pur^ Malt Whiskey.
Watch the effects which follow the
use of this gre: discovery and you will
find that if taken in time r.nd according
to directions, the annoying symptoms
■which, unless checked, will lead to cer
tain sickness rv death, will disappear,
and you will be by this means restorecj
to health and happiness, and thus se-«
cure a new lease of life.
KLONDIKE
i OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
dlehe't reputation for keeping qttal-
itv . xi'snee, no experiment ; no loss.
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
( a..' ■ ■■-■ — --■ - ■ ■— ■ ; 1
STERLING BIOYGLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
for Al: Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
,■•"., Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are the
only soSe and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call in and see them.
■ A. C. NICHOLS & CO.
-
egjS^ F"OR
tL 1 FINE TAILORING
J, . FINE TAILORING
%. PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
i!iiii&' WORKMANSHIP, at
-1&? 25 per cent Less than Other
llfl*lfis Tailors Charge, Go to
WS JOE POHESM
/P H aii Wool Su;ts to* i*) to &nr
\ Pw Order <fOm 4>iZ t0 $33
J I 1 Pantsfrom.. . $4 lo $I Q
J**? "*"""^s> 201 and 203 Montgomery St,
844 and 846 Market St., ■
1110 and 1112 Market SL, San Francisco.
COKETcOKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer in
Foreign and California Coke.
300 to 308 Howard Street,
Corner Beale Street.
OFFICE-813 FOLSOM STREET.
iJS|f| DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
Hs?s}"Si^ i hundred reward for anycasa
Bi BSSK we cannot cure. This secret remedy
H__ ffl stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
JBBi BHBB Emissions, Impotency, Yarlcocele,
rf*H Rffl Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
Ullll Mail Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
WsSli fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
Wfflßlll Ifil pealed, $2 bottle; bottles, $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HAUL'S MEDICAL IX-
! STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
j for sale at 1073% Market 6t., S. F. All pri-
| vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
ItC & CNESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
Jp j» jPinsuintly. Our INVISIBLE TUBE Oisbioca
! wmmtW%m h«?lp when all elsefnlls.asglasseghelpeyes.
Self-adjustlr.e. NoPata. Whispersbcard. SemltoCDCC
r. llUcoilo., 853 ITwat. .N.V.. for Hook and Proofs litCC
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
AJLJ^lfervotts SMaoases— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abuse or other Excesses and India-
cretions. They quickly and surely
roetore Lost Vitality in old or ronng. and
' fit a man for study, business or marriage.
5> Prevent Insanity and Consumption it
in». Their use shows immediaib improve-
ment and effocts n CURE where all other fail In-
sist upon having tho gennine Ajax Tablet*. They
hove cured thousands end will cure yon. Wenive a pos-
itive written guarantee to elTsct a euro Cfjj jf»TQ in
eaehcasoor refund the money. Price UV W I Wiper
packags; or six pkges (full treatment) for $2.50. By
mail. In plain wrapper, cpon roceipt of price. Circular
'"» AJAX REMEDY CO., ' Chicago, 111.
For sale in San Francisco by Lelpnitz & Co.,
236 Sutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, ■ 949 Mkt.
- - ' *' J gt4o&Ss&»t£'r-i"3 "' z fill a non-rotsonooa
- < f<VjES|giy ls<ll *«m»4(M remedy for Gonorrhoea,
'^SBwSrClJßEb^tlll Pleet, Spermatorrhoea,
£s§Sy in I to 5 .i»vs.^| Vfhitea, unnatural dis-
EMsliSf Gt»rinwe'i w charges, or any inflamma-
WJMrM coi to Btrlctare. tioo, irritation or ulcera-
B^jUgPfeTcau eont«gioii. tioa of mucous niem-
fgSaTHEEvAHSCHEMinti.ng. Cranes. Non-astringent.
CIHCINNATI.O B^l S ld by »rnsgiilJ.
TflHP^. o S x Jal-4 or scut ia P' a ' n wrapper,
J^BnS^. ' ' ' !^Bt\3l DT expresß, prepaid, for
s *l fl.on, «r 3 bottlea, J2.75.
• '•^t^SSSS'^o>' *> Oircujar B».nt on r»quest.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S o«*t
e*§L Museum of Anatomy
f liifal 1051 UAESST ST. bet Ctl & 7ti, S. t. OaL
B B 8 The LarjesiofJtskindinU>«WorML ,
iJ^I DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IkWB Coniultailan tree. TTrita for Book
vFj Philosophy of Marriage.
O U ' MAILCD FRCC. { -
Weak Men ana Women
SHOULD USE DAMLANA BITTERS. TOIH
grreat Mexican Remedy; give* be&itfe ' »a 4
j •ucoftb to tilt •ex.u&l orgam.
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
PTMMARY.
811ver higher.
■ Another violent advance In Wheat.
Barley goea up again.
The other cereals unchanged. -* :
Hay unsettled. Straw very scarce.
Flour very ttlff.
Beana firm and unchanged.
Potatoea weak and Onions dull.
Vegetables about as usual.
• Butter in excessive supply and weak.
■ Eggs weak and slow.
Two ears of Eastern Poultry in.
Cherries and Strawberries lower.
Oranges and Lemona steady.
Prunes and Honey in good demand and firm.
No change In Provisions.
Contracts reported for new Oregon Hops.
Meat market unchanged.
Lard Oil advanced. '
RUSH OF GRAIN FROM THE NORTH.
'•There probably was never before such a
rush of wheat from the sound to California as j
there is just now," saya the- Tacoma Ledger, j
"chiofly a result of the failure of the Call- j
fornia crop this ring. Barley aria Oat ship
ments from this region to California are also
nuite heavy. Three or four almoat exclusive |
cargoes of wheat have been dispatched from
Tacoma to San Pranclaco within the last three
or four weeks. The regular liners have been ;
carrying a great deal of the product. The Pa- j
cllic <%.ast Steamship Company has 4500 tons i
of wheat barley and oats, chiefly wheat, now :
in the warehouaea uf Tacoma awaiting ship
ment to the Golden Gate on its steamers.
Some of it will go on the steamer "Walla Walla, ■
due here to-day from San Francisco, and the
Willamette will be here to-morrow to load 2000 :
tons of grain for the company. The Tacoma
Grain Company will put a part cargo of wheat
In the ateamer Alice Blanchard at Tacoraa to
day for Pan Francisco, and will this after
noon begin loading the steamship Cleveland at
this port with 900 or 1000 tons of grain for the i
same destination. The Tacoma Grain .Com
pany yesterday finished loading the small [
steamer Rival on the lower Bound with wheat :
for Pan Francisco, and chartered the steamer i
Laknie. which arrived yesterday from Alaska.
to take wheat from Portland to San Francisco.
The Lakme will proceed to Portland at once. '
The wheat b^ing shipped from Tacoma to Cali
fornia Is chi-fl.v of a high-grade milling qual
ity and a low-cracie food material."
EXPLANATION.
The arrow fli<-? with the wind. TTie top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath It, if any, the .
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the . a3t twelve hours.
Isobars, ,r solid lines, connect points of.^jual i
Blr pr<>Rsure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
rature. The word "high" means high
barometric preFsure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
fure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather nnd rains. "Low.s" usually
tlrst appear on the Washington -oast. When
the pressure Is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
ar.d south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im- i
rr bable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the . pressure 'falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected ■
In summer and colder weather in winter. Th»
. reverse cf these conditions will rroduce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 25. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— • 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka : 0. 31.17 48.73
Red Bluff 0 12.30 24.13
Sacramento 0 8.87 17. 20
San Francisco ;... 0 7.75 22.60
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
San Luis Obispo -0 6.05 ■ 20.71
Los Angeles 0 5.26 16.7(1
fcan Diego 0 4.18 . 11.61
Yuma 0 1.66 5.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 69;
minimum, 46; mean, C 2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen during the past
twenty-four hours over the Rocky Mountain
and Plateau region. It has risen along the
Pacific Coast.
The t»miv»rru'.ire has fallen rapidly over
Western Washington, Western Oregon and in
the Interior of Northern California. .In the
great valleys of California the temperatures
lire from 14 to 2S degrees above the normal.
Rain has fallen over -Washington.
The Following maximum win.! velocities ars
reported: Tatoosh Island, 30 miles per hour
from th» south; Fort Canby, 3S southeast; Win
fcemucca. 2<> southwest; San Francisco, 36 west.
Forecasts made at Fan Francisco for thirty
Jiours ending midnight, April 26, 1S!>8:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday: coolor
In the Interior; northwesterly winds.
Southern California— Tuesday; coolei ;
westerl) wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday; cooler north.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday; cooler north.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Tuesday;
Xv westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
f.t r> p. m. — Clear; wind northwest, 24 miles per
hour; temperature, 6V, maximum, 74.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK BTOCK MARKET.
NTW YORK, April 2r, —The market for se- \
eurltles wns Blugjglsh and almost Rtagnant to- |
day. Prices ruled below Saturday's close, and !
while there was a brief pause at one'tlme dur- I
ing the morning; In the downward course, due |
to strength shown by one or two of the In- I
dustrials, the paKPlng tendency of the market
■was practically uninterrupted. The trading was
narrow and professional, and declines really !
represented BOthlnc more than a natural re
action from Baturday*s advance. The supply
of storks continued very limited, holders ap
parently being content t<> hold their property
for higher prices. Neither Is there any very
active demand for stocks at the present level.
The consequence is that the movement of prices
Is rather narrow. There being no genuine d<-
mand for stock and no real i.ressure of liqui
dation, prices naturally lu.«e one day what was
rained the day b»fore or sain the next day
what they lorn to-day. There was some sell-
Ing in this market to-day for Lo/idon account,
■which may have represented liquidation by
timid foreign holders. There was some specu
lative activity also, and quite a. wide move
ment of prices In some of the higher-priced
Industrial specialties. Otherwise the market
was In the hands of the room traders. The
waiting attitude of traders Ik likely to con
tinue until the occurrence of some event gives;
a clear Indication of the course or probable
duration of the war with Bpatß.
The future of the »1 tek market Is also de
pendent largely on the course of the money
market. There was nothing In to-day's develop
ment to Indicate accurately what that course
will be. There is some demand for currency
from the interior, Chicago exchange on New
York falling a^aln to-day to discount. There
was a sharp advance in the foreign exchange
rates, demand swrtlag bills rising % per cent.
The bond market was very dull to-day and
prices drifted to a lower level. Total salet),
♦876,000.
United States new 4s advanced \ per cent
to-day, while the 2a declined 1 per cent, the old
48 coupon »£ per cent and the old 4s regis
tered Vx per cent In the bid price.
Total sales of . stocks J to-day were 145,100
fhares. Including: Hurllngton. 13,200: Erie pre
ferred. 3110; Manhattan, 7233; Metropolitan
Street Railway 6990; New Tork Central, 3»37;
o rthern Pacific preferred. 3»29; Rock Island,
«25; St. Paul, 18,457; American Spirits. 3350; ,
American Tobacco, 16,895; People's Gas, 5266;
Sugar, 19,924.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison lOvt, St P & Om 67%
Do pref 23% Do pref HO
Baltimore & Ohio 15% St P M & M 130
Canada Pacific ... 75 So Pacific 12%
Canada Southern. 45 So Railway 7
Cent Pacific 11 Do pref 24%
Ches & Ohio 17% Texas & Pacific '."«,
Chi & Alton 162 Union Pacific ... 491*
Chi B & Q.. ...... -."-s V P D & O 5\
Chi & X 111 49 iWabasb 6
C C C & Bt L.... 25% j Do rref 14%
Do pref TO Wheel &L B l"i
Del & Hudson ... 104% Do pref S*i,
l>el L & W 141 Express Companies-
Den & R G 10 Adams VZx 97%
Do pref 40% American Ex .... 120
Erie (new) 11 United States .... 38
Do Ist pref .... Sl>4 Wells Fargo 114
Ft Wayne 166 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 144 A Cot Oil 16
Hocking Valley .. 6U Do pref 6$
Illinois Cent .... 97% Amn Spirits 10%
Lake Erie & W... 12% Do pref 13
Do pref 67 Am Tobacco 100%
Lake Shore 190 T>o pref 113
Louis & Nash 45 1 -.,. People's Gas 57%
Manhnttan L .... 92% I Cons Gas 171
• Met St Ky m\ Com Cable C 0.... 150
Mfch Central .... 100<4 Col F & Iron 17%
S Minn «t St L 23% | Do pref 90
Do Ist pref .... 79 Gen Elefotrlc .... 30%
Mo Pacific 24% ! Illinois Steel 44
! Mobile & 0hi0... 24% Laclede Gas 41
Mo X & T 10 Lead 27%
Do pref 30 Do pref : 99%
Chi Ind & L...... 7 Nat Lin Oil 14
Do pref 23 Or Imp Co 26
N J Central BHi Pacific Mail 21
N V Central .... 106% Pullman Palace .. 169
N V Chi & S L... 11% Silver Cert 5«%
Do Ist pref .... 60 Stand R & T 3%
! Do 2d prvf 23 Sugar 115
Nor W*>st 11% Do rref 108
No Amer Co ..... 5 |T C & Iron IS%
No Pacific 21 T U S Leather S%
Do pref bi'.i Do pref 6C T
Ontario & W 13<; U B Rubber 15%
Or R & -N"av 42 Do pref 61
Or Short Line ... 26 West Union 54%
Pittsburg ....: 16« Chi & N w lir>%
Reading 15% Do pref 172
Do Ist pref .... 37>.« St L ft S W 3%
R.>ck Island g2>, Do pref 8%
St L & S F 6 RG W 23
Do Ist pref .... 55 Do pref 53 '
Do 2d pref .... 23V Chi G W 17U
St Paul 84 Haw Com C 0.... 10
Do pref 140 U P Common .... IS%
CLOSING BONDS.
IT S new 4s reg.. IIS N Carolina 6s ... 120
Do coup 119 Do 4s 162
U S 4s 107% No Pac lsts 113
Do coup 107% Do 3s 57
I>o 2ds <<4 Do 4s '•" '■■*'■
r S 5s reg 110% N V C & 6 L 4- lOOVi
Do 5s coup 111% Nor A W 6s IIS
District 3.65s 112 Northwstrn cons. '.41-.
Ala class A 10SH Do dob 5s 114 !
Do 1! 108%10 Nay Ist3 112
Do C M |O Nay 4s S9U
Do Currency ... 9<i lo s Line os tr.... 118
Atch'son 4s 85% O S Line 6b 5r... %
Do ad] 4s >; " O Imp ista tr... 102%
Can So 2ds l"4 Do 6a tr r,O
Chi Term 4s 81 Pacific 6s of 95... 1024
C &• Ohio 5a , 113% Reading 4s 75% :
C H A D 4%5.... 104% H <; W luta 78%
D & R G ista.... ins ST. .- I M >• 5a.. S5 i
D&R G4s S7 S L&'S F G Cs.. 114 ,
East Term lsts... 103 Pt P Con 139
Erie Gen 4s 6S St PC & P lsts.. 114
FWA. D lata tr. 67% Do 5a 112' i.
Gen Elec 6a 9.» So fly Be 57%
GH A s A 65.... 109 Term new get 35.. 85
Do 2ds 103 T&P L G lsts.. 99
H &TC 5s 108 D Rg 2ds 29*:
Do con Gs 100 I" Pl & Q lsts.. 50",
lowa C Ista ■: Wab Ist 5a 10"i%
La new cons 45.. 95 Do 2.1s 75 1 i
L & N Unl 45.... 83 \V Shore la 102*4
Missouri 6a 100 Va Centuries C 5%
M X & T 2ds 5S Do deferred ... 3
Do 4b 82% U P pref 4 1\
N V Central ists. 113»i. Do 4s 89
N .T C 5s
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 1 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point ..... lOlOphlr 40 !
Con Cal & Va.... 65 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curfy.... 20 Do pref 200
Halp & Xorcross. 4" Sierra Nevada ... 70
Homestake 37 0); Standard 165
Iron Silver 40 t'nlon Con 20
Mexican 15 I Yellow Jacket ... OS
BOSTON.
BOSTON. April 25.— Atchlson. 10%; Bel] Tele
phone. 247; Burlington. S9; Mexican Central,
4^; Oregon Short Line, 26.
L< >NDO.N MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 25.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram Bays: The stock
markets here were steady to-day on the large
receipts of gold, but the close was dull. The
Bank of England to-day adopted a policy of
which I gave you Indication weeks ago, name
ly, for absolutely the first time it raised the
buying price of bar gold above 77s 9d to
77s 9^>d. About £500,000 in gold came In to
day. I have reason to believe that probably
a further £500,000 of gold will go Into the bank
this week.
The depression at the close was partly con
nected with a Fmall failure, which Is the re
sult of the difficulties of a large speculative
operator in West Australian mines. A meet
ing of the creditors to-day acceated 10s on
the pound.
Spanish 4*s and Americans were compara
tively steady, but dull after improvement. The
unortaintlties of money prospects promise to
bother business for some time. The, New York
money market Is closely watched, especially
the effect of the United States n<-u loan,
which it is believed must cause money rates
In New York to rise.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 78H; Grand Trunk, "%;. bar
silver steady, 36 16-16 d per ounce; money, 2®
2Vt l>er cent.
NEW YORK GP.AIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK.. April 25.— FLOUR— Receipts.
25,715; exports, SSSS. Market strong and held
I.'oi2'ic higher; Minnesota patents, $5 75<g6 25;
winter patents, 1605 75; winter straits, j- 85®
5 10; do extras, $3 7.v.i4 25.
WH EAT— Receipts, i:«4.2.">0: exports. 258.741.
Spot strong; No. l red, Ji 18%. f. <•>. b. afloat.
Options developed sensational strength to-day.
Except for v ."light noon reaction under real
izing they advanced steadily all day and I
closed l%(ff.",»ic net higher, the latter on near
months In which shorts covered excitedly. Ex
traordinary Liverpool strength, bullish Rus
sian news and higher northwest markets were
the features. No. 2 red May, $1 ll'-«l IG-14,
closed SI 16%.
WOOL—
HOPS—
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— The week opened with nearly all
departments In metals In decidedly better con
dition, due in part to Increased Inquiry, At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants neglected, with $6 CO
bid and ?6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firmer; $12 10 bid and $12 25
asked.
TlN— Higher for spot, quiet for later deliv
eries: $14 65 bid and $14 75 asked.
BPELTER-<stliet: $4 15 bid and $4 25 asked.
LEAD— Higher and firm; $3 65 bid and $3 70
apked. The firm fixing the settling price for
miners and smelters In the West quotes lead
at fa 60.
COPFEB — closed steady, with prices
unchanged to S points higher. Sales, 12.750
bners, Including April. $5 Ss@s 90; May. $5 70(fJ)
5 73. Spot Rio, firm: No. 7 invoice, 6v»c: No. 7
jobbing. 7-'n.c; mild, firm; Cordova. 8%@15V4c
SUGAR— Raw. stronp and held higher; fair
refining, 3 11-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16 c;
refined, strong. .
BUTTER— Receipts. SB4B packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 17c; Elglns,-17c; factory,
12%@15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 11.172 packages. Steady;
Western. H-4c; Southern. 10M><311c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, April 25.— California Dried
Fruits Ften<ly.
EVAPORATED A PPLES— s@"Hc;
1 prime wire tray. 8c; wood-dried, prime, 8V«c;
] choice. BHc; fancy, 9fi-9V4e. ,
PRUNES— 3 V6@7%C
APIUCOTS— Royal, 5%©7% c; Moorpark, SW(P
10c
PEACHES— B'g'Sc: peeled, ll@l4c.
NEW YORK WHEAT MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 25.— strongest kind
of war prices raged in all of the grain and
provision markets this morning. Liverpool set
the pace with a sensational Jump of 4M.-'3 1 5V4d
■■ /idvance In wheat quotations, and the bulls on
■ this side, after a week of cringing before the
bear element. Immediately secured the upper
hand and squeezed the shorts to the tune of
oVic a bushel before midday. It was a time of
extraordinary excitement in the local whe:it
pit. Millions of bushels changed hands, and
at times the rlnc was in a Ftate of wild con- I
fusion. The May option leaped to 1 laVfc and |
July Ss%c, the latter, compared with 94?ic at
; the close Saturday. It was well along toward
the noon hour before tho tremendous demand
was satisfied and prices eased off a little from j
the top. Besides the Liverpool strength., the
local bulls were aided by reports that Russia ;
was bhort of supplies and asking big advances |
' for her wheat. The prominence of that coun
: try as a competitor of the United States gav<
: this news great significance. Tho visible sup
i ply decrease of 3,240,000 bushels was twice as
! forge as expected, and also helped the forenoon
strength.
I-ater'ln the day the crowd sold out a part
of Its purchases, causing a cent break from the
top, but renewed closing firmness left final
prices iv<<ssic ne^ higher, near months show
; i Inc the ureatest strength About tfO loads of
I wheat, 160 loads of corn and GSO.OOO bushels of
oats were taken for export at all ports to-day.
May Wheat sold from $1 11% to Jl 16%. closing
' at the latter flgnre. July ranged from SB%c to
i 3ST4c, closing at MUc
I
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
j CHICAGO, April 25.— Sensational advances In
\ foreign and outside domestic markets, a de
crease of over 3,000,000 bushels in the American
visible Wheat supply and small world's ship
ments caused the upturn in Wheat which all
other markets ■ followed. Although Liverpool
opening cables to-day quoted Wheat at 3i>4d a
bushel advance, this market displayed a halting
tendency after the first rush of trading, and
throughout the session gave evidence of heavy
liquidation on hard spots. While in the first
half hour of the session Liverpool had risen the
equivalent of 3s4c a bunhel, New York 2V*jC,
Minnesota and Duluth 6c, Chicago In the same
THE SAX FTCAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 2G, 1898.
time was only up 2c. The Enelish country
markets showed a gain of 7%c a bushel since
Friday last. Liverpool continued to climb until
the close of the futures showed a grain of 5%
©6%c per bushel. Duluth and Minneapolis
added to the bear's torments by reaching a
! point S%c above Saturday's close. This mar
ket finally got started, and from around 92c
rapidly climbed to P3c. May, which had started
only lc higher at $1 15, suddenly jumped with
lc and 2c between trades to $1 30, the highest
price In several years. The Atlantic port
clearances of Wheat and Flour for the day
amounted to 600,000 bushels. The world's ship
ments to Europe last week were 7,413,000 bush
els, afrninst 9,062.000 bushels the week before
and 3.523.000 »he corresponding week of LS97.
i Russia supplied 1,808,000 bushels of the total
I compared with 3.240,000 bushels the week of the
i year before. The quantity on ocean passage
I was reduced SSO.OOO bushels laf>t ' week. The
I domestic visible surprised the trade by show
i ing- a decrease of 3,240.000, against a reduction
1 for the same w«-k of laEt year of only 778,000
bushels. The heaviest decreases were at Chl
capo, Minneapolis, Duluth and New York. May
ipped back to $1 17, but rallied to $1 20,
closinsr at $119% sellers, a net cain ofo%e.
After the advance In July to 93c, the market
became very feverish, selling: off to 92c, up to
93% c. down to 92>,;c. then up to 92% c, closing
1 at 92% c. Five minutes after the close 93% c was
paid on the curb for July.
Corn was active and strong throughout the
j session. Sales for export of about 1,000,000
I bushels, an advance at Liverpool of l%c and
2 / 4 - at London were the chief factors. July
closed with a n.?t gain of IVic.
Scarcity of Oats, advances abroad and the
strength of Wheat and Corn helped the Oats
! market early and contributed to an advance
of lT^jC in May and lVie In July.
Provisions were stronz and active. War
j news and heavy outside speculative buying
were the chief factors. The close was near the
top. July pork closed with a net gain uf 45c,
lard 12% c and ribs 10c hlgrher. !
The leading futures ranged as follows:
• Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2— V '.
; May 1 15 1 20 1 15 1 19%
July 90% 93% 90 92%
, September 52% . 53% 81% 83%
i December 81% 82% 81% 82%
Com, No. 2—
May 32% 33% 32% 33%
I July 3.1% 34^/j 33% 34%
September 34% 35% 34% 85%
Oats, Xo. 2—
May 27% 29% 27% 28%
July 24% 25% 24*, 25*»
September 22% 23*4 22% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 1100 1122% 1100 1120
July 1110 1147% 1110 1145
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 5 GO 5 70 5 CO 5 02%
July 5 fij 5 77% 5 62% 5 72%
September 5 65 5 85 6 65 5 SO
Short Ribs, per 100 IT'S—
! May 5 45 5 60 5 45 5 52%
I July SSO 5 67% 550 SCO
September 5 65 5 75 6 65 5 70
I Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, de
mand good; prices 25®50c higher on foreign de
mand. No. 2 spring wheat, nominal: No. 3
spring wheat. 97c(??$l 10: No. 2 r.'.i, $1 is^r. 19;
No. 2 corn, 33V4©34c; no. 2 oats, 29c; No. 2 white
31<831%c; No. 3 white, 30%®31c: No. 2 ry-. 59'<. c;
No. 2 barley, 43(filJCc; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 29%<&130;
prime timothy seed, {2 95: mesa pork, per bar
1 rel. Jll 20Jtll 25; lard, per mo pounds, $:. 62'j;
short ribs, sides loose), $."> 35575 70; dry salted
shoulders fboxed). $4 75<5"5; short clear sides
. (boxed), $.' 65®5 75; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,000 . 9, r>00
Wheat, bushels 125,000 365.000
Corn, bushels 350.000 743.000
Oats, bushels 413,000 270,000
Rye, bushels 3,000 75,000
Barley, bushels 25,500 95,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creamery, 13@16>6c; dairies,
12ffl5c. I-Kgs, steady; fresh, 10c. Cheese, dull,
unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
i Minneapolis 251.940 62.400
Duluth 35,439 157.633
Milwaukee 34 4.'.>>
Chicago 124,793 3C7.834
> Toledo 33,406 77,100
; St. Louis 31,000 73,000
Deti 3,633 30.444
Kansas City 54.000 18,500
Totals 625.513 516.516
Tidewater-
Boston 17.91S
New York 194.2.7) 258,741
Philadelphia 3.5C3 " 119,011
Pal ti more c 0.697 113,241 '
New Orleans 40,000
Galveston 500
„■-■;>/■ — ' -■■■■■--:
Totals 267.253 t3n.'.'P3
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— April May
Opening ....65 10 64 55
Closing 65 45 65 00
Flour-
Opening .3150 30 50
Closing 3170 .30 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
: May: July. Sept. D»c
Opening 8 2 7 4V 6 10V.
Closing.. ssu 8 6 7 7 7 l£
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, AP--11 : - -CATTLE— The scare"v
of offerings In the cattle market to-day eausod
a hardening of values, an.l :t> si me instance.*
prices were 10c higher. Beef stee rs> Jt 3;^
4 95; common to fair, $3 83^4 25; prime cattle,
V> 20#5 40; sturkers and feeders, }3 65g,4 20
cows and heifers, J3 lo@3 90.
HOG.S— Were in Brood <.'.on and and 5c higher.
Kajsrt; $:: 75@4 05. chietly. $3 90@4 (X); pc.js, sr; 5C
ft* 80. The market closed tlrm
SHEEP— Trade in sheep .and lambs waj
fnirly active and prices were a shade li'iirher.
Clipped lamps, $4 25<r?4 S5; wooled, |5®5 G5;
feeders, $4 SO^a 20; clipped sheep, $3 50it4 30;
yew; iis, $i 25-53.
Receipts— Cattle, 11,500; hogs, 46,000; sheen,
HW.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. April CATTi.T^-R.'c-lpts. ' i;CO.
Mat strong to 10c higher: r.ative beef Bteris,
$.', '." ':i I 75, Western steers, %3 50JJJ .Vi;rows ,-nd
heifers, $" 2." 10; stockers and feeders. $3 73®
$1 75; calves, J4 25@4 60. . .•'■
HOGS— Receipts, 3500. Market shade lower;
heavy, _$3 7O' .-,0; mixed, $3 70(f3 72%: light,
SHEEP— Receipts. 3400. Market strong; fair
to choice natives, $3 BOIJH 70; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60@4 60; lambs, $4 50.
. KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. April . 25.— CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 2500. Market quiet, unchangel. Wi-st
ern steers, $3 50(??4 50; Western cows and heif
ers", . $3 15@4; native cows and heifers, $2 50<fl!
4 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 7750. Market steady to 5c
lower. Hulk, $3 650S SO; heavies, $3 70«z3 85;
medium and mixed, $3 65@3 75; lights, $3 i;i>,t
3 70; pigs. $3 25® 3 55. ■
SHEEP— Receipts. 2100. Market largely 5@
10c higher: Western muttons up to $4 S5
wooled lambs, $5 10@5 25. '
DENVER.
DENVER, April 25.-CATTLE— Receipts. 800
Market quiet. Beef steers, $3 Soft 4 4.'.; cows
%''. 7. r .@3 SO; feeders, freight paid to river. $3 iio
3>4 40; stockers, freight paid to river, »4f14 so
bulls and stags, $2^3.
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Market steady lleht
Packers. $3 7593 80; mixed, $3 7»;13 75; heavy
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN M^VRKETS.
LONDON, April 25.— Consols, 110 7-16; Silver
23 15-lGd; French Rentes, lOlf 95c.
LIVERPOOL, April 25.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California wheat, 40s 10'fcd; cargoes
off coast, firm, 3<&Gd higher; cargoes on Datt
nKe, sellers at advance. 3<ff6d; English country
markets, steady at advance of 2s 6d; French
country markets, firm; wheat in Paris, firm
flour in Paris, firm; quantity wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom, 2,980.000; quan
tity wheat and flour on passage to Continent
1.830.000; Indian shipments wheat to United
Kingdom, 03,000; Indian shipments wheat to
Continent, 56.000; Imports Into United Kingdom
for week, 306,000 barrels flour. 258,000 quarters
wheat.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot red Western winter firm
fes M; No. 1 Northern spring firm, 8s s.l
• •(•UN— April steady, 3s lid; May steady
3s 11.1. July steady, 3s 10% d.
Imports of wheat Into Liverpool for the
week: From Atlantic p.-.rts. 50,600 quarters
from Pacific ports, 3000 quarters; from other
ports, 8000 quarters. Imports of corn into Liv
erpool from Atlantic ports. 96,600 quarters.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, April 25.— The local wheat mar
ket reflected In a measure to-day the heavy
advance in other portions of the world. Ex
porters were quoting We n.s an extreme limit
for Walla Widl.-t and !'3e for valley and blue
stem, but it la supposed that buyers ir. v.
Sa.n Francisco were going beyond these fig
ures. Flour advanced again to-day, uuol grades
now being quoted at ii 65.
Cleared - -British steamer Mount Tabor for
Yokohama and Kobe, with 46,666 bushels wheat
and 6479 barrels dour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 2;..- -Wheat sold to-day for $1
for a short time and then a reaction forced it
down to 97c, the closing price. The marlce
opened strong and there was lnt :ns- excite
ment all day. Close — No. 1 club, 94c; No. 1
bluestem, iiTe.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, April 25.— The statement of th«
visible supply of grain. In store and afloat
Saturday. April 23, as compiled by the New
Y'.rk F'roduce Exchange, Is sut follows: Wheat
2:.. 914.000 bushels; decrease, 3,240.000. Torn 31 -
C 42.000 bushels; decrease, 3.265.000. OatH, 11 775 -
000 bushels; decrease, 997,000. Rye. 1,880,000
bushels; decrease, 216,000. Barley. 3i»4,000 bush
els; decrease, 21,000.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 25.— Treasury state
ment shows: Available cash balances, 1219 tvi -
ISS; gold reserve, »179,591,967.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, April 25. — COTTON—
Steady; middlings, 6%c.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. April 25.— Exchanges, $428,759;
balances, $114,979.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — I* &
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — * s<l^
Sterling Cables . \ — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight. — 15
New York Exchange telegraphic. — IT H
Fine Silver, per ounce... .... — * [^
Mexican Dollars 46 46ft
( WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Emanuele Accame takes for
Cape Town 65,049 etls, valued at $104,100.
There was another violent advance in prices,
as will be seen by the sales and quotations.
Chicago and Europe were also higher. It sel
dom happens that Wheat goes up with such
bounds. We are drawing everything possible
from the north as will b» seen In the first
column, and we need every pound of it.
llce-.vater quotations are as follows: »1 10
for No. 1, j! 77^ for cholce $1 sog.l So per
ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
16.0u0 ctls, $176: 14,000. $177; 6000, *1 76%; 4000,
$1 7fiV t ; 18,000, $1 75%.
,e Second Session— December-18,000 ctls, $1 76%;
18,000, »176%; SOOO, 76%- 6000 $1 76%; 2000,
$1 76%; io,ooo,- $i 76; Vs.OOo! $1 76>». May
51 au%.
,, rularr ular Morning December— 2ooo ctls,
fl [5%; 6000, $1 76 ; 2000 $1 76%; 2000. $1 76%;
8000 $1 76%; 12.000, $1 76%- 24 $1 76%; 24,000,
$176-,,. May-2000, $179%; 24,000, $1 SO.
j,»™ n--\n --\ Sesslon-December-6000 ctls. $1 77;
4000 $1 3j,: 4000, $177%; 14,000, $177%; 2000,
$1 7.3-; ; 42.000, $1 78%; 8000. $1 78% 16,000, $1 78%.
May-GCKKP. $1 Biu, ; SOOO. $181%.
•UA RLE V— was another advance,
though business was not especially active. We
will have to draw on the north and east for a
good deal of our Barley this year, for the State
will not have it
Feed, $1 40@i 42%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
2000 ctla $1 39; 2000, $1 38%; 4000, $1 35%.
A ,? cc nd Session— 4000 ctle, $1 38%;
VJW, $1 ob\.
Regular Mornln Session-December— 2000 ctls.
jl 37% : 8000, Jl 3S; 6000, »1 37%: 4000, $1 87%: 6000,
C n£ fte i7 1 ? 011 Se December— ctls, $1 3S;
S^>i^si3,%; 10.'»0. $137%; 2000, $137; 4000,
OATS— Dealers quote old prices, with a fair
domar.d.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@l 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $l 37>:><g-l 42%; common, $1 30@l 35; Sur
prise, 4.VV21 50; gray, $1 32y.@l 37%; milling.
$1 354tl 42% per ctl.
CORN— Arrivals from the East are Eteadlly
increasing, Ul(i if the predictions of dealers are
verified they will amount to a flood before long.
\alues are no lower, however.
Small round yellow, 31 15®1 25 per ctl; large
•vi;';:":•• vi ; ';:":• *} JWI 12%; white. $1 ls@Fk
R\E— SI 3S@l 37% ■-r ctl
BUCKWHEAT— 90??2 10 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
Everything under this head is very stiff, In
sympathy with the sensational advance In the
raw product.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $5 50@5 60; Bakers'
$5 25©5 35 per bbl.
MILLSITFi -S I'rices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
FK.ur, $3 pcr -100 lbs; live Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Hlee Flour, $(=; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Ccrnmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. J4: Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy. $3 2503 50; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 2:.; Ko!!.-d Oata (barrels), $5 SO
20; in sacks. $5 00.;.;: Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Some grades of Hay are quoted weaker and
others firmer, and some have disappeared from
the market altogether. In fact, the assortment
of Hay is getting whittled down to three or
four sorts. Straw Is so scarce that it Is prac
tically unobtainable.
Rolled Barley is higher again. There is no
change in Hran and Middlings
BRAN-J215-21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS 2. ton
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $30®Sl per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@3] 50: Jobbing.
532-532 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24<g25; Cottonseed
Meal, $2S<@3o per ton; Cornmeal, $24; Cracked
Corn, $24^1.25.
(Ex-car in round lot?)— Whent. $2's@
26; Wheat and Oat. $21@25; iat, $2<Vr?23; Bar
ley, none; compressed Wheat, $22<"a2-',; com
pressed i»at. $2(K?f22; Alfalfa. $14517- Clover,
nominal; Oregon Timothy out.
STRAW— SSg»Sc per ba"le.
BEANS AND HREDS.
Beans show no further advance, but they
are very firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90®3; Small Whites, $1 60®
175; Large Whiten. $1 Caffil 75; Pinks, $2 ■>:.'„
2 65; Reds, $2 2502 35; Blaekeye, nominal- But
ters. $1 40@l BO; Limas, $2 Mi* 50; Pea «1 660
1 7.-.: Re.i Kidneys, $2 2;V&2 35 per ■tl '
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25@3 50 per ctl-
Tellow Mustard. $3 15<§ I 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Soed,.2H«r2}ic per rb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape. 2Vi'tf
Hemp. i-V^i:;.-; Timothy. s@sVic
DRIKD. PEAS— $1 75<g>2; Green, $1 90®
2 10 per ctl. ■
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts of Potatoes are large and they are
weak. Onions are dull. Vegetables range
about the same.
String Beans from Va^aville brought 15c
per Hi.
Lo? Angel*? String B^nns brought Xo®l2ttc
per lb and Green Peppers
POTATOES— EarIy Ruse. *o®36c; River Reds,
60@60e: River Burbanks, 50@*0c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 554386 c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
©70c per sa. k: Sw<>*t Potatoes, $Krii 25 for
Merced; new Potatoes, Vi-' 1 per lb."
ONlONS— Choice, $2 50® 2 70; cut' Onions, $1
r <i l 28 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts wpre 1240 boxes Aa
paraKus, 328 t.i.xes Rhubarb and 643 Backs Peas
Asparagus, S2@3 2,". for large; $1 50®
175 per imx for No. 1. r.OT; $ l ::. for small; Rhu
barb, 25@50c per box for smn!! to good and 60®
7.v for extra choice; Green Peas, 75«"(<Jl 2.", p,- r
sack; Garden Peas. 2Vic per lb: Dried Peppers
6ft7c per lb; Dried okra. l2V4c; Cabbage, 65
'a7> per ctl; Carrots, 25@26c per sack; Cucum
bers, 50e@$l por dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, re
pack. $1'(! 1 7.'. pr-r box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market was nominal, there being no
stock. Two cars of Eastern will be offered to
day.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10^12c for Gob
blers and llf<,l2Hc for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$Kr;l 26: Goslings, $1 7. r .f72 IS; Ducks, $3 sOi}j4 50
for old and $4 50^7 for young; Hens, $3 500
4 50; Roosters, young, $7®B 50; Roosters, old
$4'.i4 60; Fryprs. $606 B0; Broilers, $4 50Q6 50 for
large $2 260] 60 for small; IMceons, $1 5001 75
per dozen for young and $1 25@1 50 for •*•
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
Dairy Butter Is firm and brings almost as
much as creamery, which is very weak, ow
intc to heavy arrivals from Humboldt. Eggs are
slow of sale at previous prices.
IIUTTER— , •■xe&H'X
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 20@21c, with
20c the ruling figure; second, 19c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, lS@2oc; common
grnil^s. 15ffil7'<:C per lb.
Eastern Imitation creamery, 16@17c;
ladle-packed. 16@16c per rb; Eastern Elgin tub,
to arrive, lS^c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10c; common
to good, 7W'i'»c: Cream Cheddar. 10@lle;
Young America, lOiftllc: Western. ll©12c; East
ern. 12H(??13V.c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Errs. i2V4ffl34c per dozen;
store Eggs. ll^@l2c; Eastern, nominal.
DECIL»C«US AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Bouldln Island Strawberries came in late and
had to go as low as 50c In consequence, and all
were not sold even then. White Cherries were
dull and lower, but dark brought good prices.
Oranges and Lemons rule, steady at the
prices. .-V. r,-?
PECIDT'OUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 55 chests of Strawberries and
DO boxea of Cherries. g./. , :
Strawberries, SOfitoc per drawer for large and
BOcfittfOc for small berries.
White and lied Cherries. 4O'cfsOc per box
choice red, 90c; black. $1 2.'..ffl 75.
Apples, 40@60c per box for common, 75c@$l
for ennt\ to <-hn|c» and <1 2501 50 for fancy
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@3-
Seedlings, 75c@$l 25; Lemons, 50c@$l for com
mon and $1 20@2 25 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3 .'.o^4; California Limes, In small
boxes, 4wgsoc; Bananas. $1 25<g2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
. Honey Is getting well cleaned up under the
brisk Kastern ' demand. Prunes continue In
good demand and firm, with prospects of a fur
ther improvement In the near future. The
other kinds are quiet.
DRIED FRUITS- Prunes, carload lots. 4@4V'.c
for -iO-50'K, 3H«4c for 50-60" s, Mttttc for 60-70's
2H(§3c for 70-SO's 2Tj2> c for 80-dO i, i%.^ ■
2c for SO-100's; Peaches, 3<&sc; fancy, 5U
<S6c; peeled, 10@12^c; Apricots. si&'6Hc for Roy
als, and 7©Sc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6UO?c; sun-dried. 4@sc;
Black Figs, in sacks, . 2©2i*c; Plums, 4%@4%ic
for pitted and l^l^c for unpHted; bleached
Plums, s#r»*,ic; Nectarines. 4<B:>c for prime to
fancy; Pears. 2'4<g4Hc for quarters and 3@sV4c
for halves, according to color, etc. "
RAISINS— IV4*fi2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown. 3&c for four-crown, 4Hc for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2<^c.
NUTS-Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per lb;
Walnuts, 3(?4o for hardshell and 4#6c for soft
shell: Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell. • 6#7c for
softshell, BHis?9c for paper-shell; Peanuts.
liJi'M.tc for EaMtern and 4M,c for California: Pe
cans, B"4<a»c ; Filberts. S%??10c; Brazil Nuts,
StjiPc per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 tO@s per 100.
- HONEY— 9@loc for bright and 6(S7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, 6%(3
6c; light amber extracted. 4%®sVic per lb.
BEESWAX-24@2Cc pv lb.
. ' . .  PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, - 9^c per lb for
heavy. 9%c for light medium, lO^ic for light.
lie for extra light and 12Hc for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lO^tgllc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $10: Family Beef. $lltfl2; Salt Pork,
$0; extra prime Pork.- $10; extra clear. $1S;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at sVic per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; palls. 7%c;
California tierces. 5Hc per lb for compound
and 6Hc for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7^c; 5-lb tins, Sc.
OOTTOLEXE- Tierces. 5H#«Hc; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails, 60 in a case. $\c:
3-lb pallp, 20 in a case, $%c; o-lb palls, 12 in a
case. S^e; 10-lb i>alls. 6 in a case, SHe: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 7 7 * c; fancy tube, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs, T'-jc per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Contracts for new Oregon Hops at SU'fUOc
are reported. The crop outlook there is fine.
The California crop has thus far not suffered
from dry weather.
HIDES ANl> SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium SVi@9c; light, SVsc, Cow
hides, SMstfTOc; Stags, oc; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, 15@15c; culls and brands, 125b 1
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 16-{jl6Vtc; dry Calf,
Isgl9c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins,. 30@37%c each;
Kids. s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 25(g'30c
per tb; medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@25c each; short wool, 40'aCirc
each; medium, Co@SOc; lone wool, 90c@$l 20
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3<S3>4c per lb;
No. 2, 2@-2V<!c; refined. sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective. 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9fillc; free Northern,
12®13c: Northern, defective, 9@llc per It).
HOPS— IS 97 crop, lo@l4c per lb.
SAN FTtANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; second quality,
6Vfs6c; third quality, 4@sc per It>.
VEAL— Large, s@6c; small, 6%@7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, B@9c: Ewes, 8c per It).
LAMB— Spring, BM>(s9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%&3% c for large and 4@
4Hc for medium; stock Hogs, 2@2%c; dressed
Hogs, 6%@6V4c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bag-s, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellinn-^n $8 v ton; New "Welllngr
ton, $8; SouthfielJ Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$C; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend.
J7 30; Scotch, $10; Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk
and $1160 in sacks; • Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate an.l Pleasant Valley, $9; Coke, $12
per ton In hulk and $14 In sacks.
LARD OIL— Is higher at i"oc per gallon in
barrels for No. 1, and 60c for extra winter
strained. Cases, oc more.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quote*, tfrms net rush: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6V4c; Dry
Granulated, 6%c; ('onfoctloners' A, 6"ic; Mag
nolia A. 5V4c; Extra C, 6%c; Golden C, 5V«c:
Candy Granulated. Cc; California A, 5%c per
lb; hah" barrels J ,ic more than barrels and
boxes Vie more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, April 25.
Flour, qr sks ... 10,100 Hay, tons 280
Wheat, etls 3,663 Pelts, bdls ISO
Barley, ctls I.SSS Hides, no 244
Corn, ctls 100 i Eggs, doz 14,460
Rye, ctls US ' Quicksilver, flsk. 116
Cheese, otls 3:; Leather, rolls ... 11l
Butter, ctls 25S Wine, gals 81,000
Tallow, ctls £12 Straw, tons 30
Potatoes, sks ... MQ Wool, bales .... 2«0
Hran. sks 635 Lime, bbls 81
Middlings, sk3 .. 317
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 61GiOats, ctls 495
Wheat, ctls 1. 935 Shorts, sks 800
Barley, ctls 1.760 1
WASHINGTON.
Bran, sks 5.1411
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 2.S(W
■ ♦ ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks with few exceptions ranged
lower under light sales.
Challenge levied an assessment of 10c.
The Con. Imperial delinquent sale takes place
to-day.
The Deadwood Terra Mining Company of
South Dakota reports its gross earnings for
March. IS9S, at $22,000, against $23,000 for Feb
ruary and $24,624 for January-
The Parrot Silver and Copper Mining Com- !
pany of Montana paid a dividend of 3 per cent ■
on the 20th, the same amounting to $63,000.
This Is the third dividend of like amount for ,
the fiscal year, the total being $207,000. It Is
expected that the company will continue to :
pay quarterly dividends, and possibly the next j
In July may be Increased. -•' '; '•. ■*
The Mammoth Mining- Company of Utah has
declarea a dividend oi ,ac per share, amounting j
to $20,000, payable May 2, and making total
dividends ot $l,l6","0u to date. ' : • '
The Mercur Mining Company of 1 Utah paid a
dividend of 18c per- share, amounting to $36,000, i
on April CO.
The South Swansea ■ Mining Company of
Utah paiu a dividend of 5C per share, amount-
Ing to »7500, on April 21...- .'; ;
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota reports gross earnings for March of
$210,900, against $195,967 for FeDruary, and *210,
(wu for January. The company Is now paying
a regular monthly dividend of 25c per share,
amounting to $31,325.
The Pioneer Gold Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 12ij>c per share, or $12,500, ;
payable on May 10. - This is the second divl
dend under the new management. It Is said
that a surplus of $125,000 will be carried for- i
ward after deducting the above dividend.
The Omaha Consolidated Gold Mining Com- i
pany of Nevada County has levied an assess- !
ment of 60c per share, delinquent May 15.
The Golden Eagle Mining . Company of Ne
vada has levied an assessment of Uc per share
on its 400,000 shares of capital stock.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 40c per share on
May 5.
The annual meeting of the Scorpion Mining
Company has been called for May 9.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are
as follows: Con. • Cal. & Va.— 1550 level— From i
the north drift skirting along the footwall i
from the incline upraise at a point 187 feet
on the slope above this level, 150 feet In from
Its mouth, east crosscut No. 2 has been ad
vanced 20 feet, passing throiigh porphyry show
ing clay separations; total length, 93 feet.
From the incline upraise No. 1, at a point 112
feet above the sill floor of this level from the
south drift at a point 300 feet In from its
mouth near the end of the east crosscut, a
couth drift has been advanced 9 feet, passing
bunches of ore, from which we have extracted
two tons, assaying, per mine car samples,
$32 07 per ton; total length, 22 feet. 1650 level— ;
From the Incline upraise No. 1, at a point 60 j
feet above the sill floor of this level from the
south drift skirting along the footwall at a i
point 178 feet In .r<->m Its mouth, from the top
of the upraise which has been carried up 49
feet, from the south drift 100 feet In from its
mouth, the upraise has been carried up 8 feet,
passing through quartz and porphyry assay
ing 70 cents per ton: total height, 98 feet. From
the old east crosscut on the sill floor -■ this
level at a point 93 feet In from Its mouth from
the upraise carried up 15 feet above the sill
floor we have worked north along the east drift
in quartz showing narrow streaks and bunches
of ore. From these openings we have extract
ed 52 tons of ore, assaying per mine car sam
ples, $54 54 per ton. Have also extracted from
i this part of the mine 44 tons o r low grade ore;
the samples taken from the cars when raised
| to the surface was $6 91 per ton. 1750 level-
On the eleventh floor north from the top of
the upraise from the north drift 40 feet in from
its mouth— from the east drift at a point 26
feet In from its mouth rrom the end of the
north drift, the east drift has been advanced
13 feet, passing through - quartz and porphyry
from which we have saved 6 tons of ore as
saying $44 D 6 per ton; total length, 65 feet.
The total extraction of orr for the week
amounted to 61 tons, the average assay of
which, per samples taken from cars at the
surface, was $52 46 per ton. ■ ■
The official letter irom the Alta mine for the
past week says: "^Ve did not hoist much ore
last week on account of the mill and Its ap
proaches being full of ore. The stopes are
looking about the snme, and yielding about the
same grade: average car sample assay was
$40 30 per ton. The Wilfley concentrator Is
working very well, excepting that the tailings
run from $11 to $13 per ton; but to save that
the pans were started to work them last
night."
The official letter from the Sierra Nevada
mine Is as follows: Riley tunnel— the
week we completed putting In square sets on
the track .or ot the tunnel level and stoped
! out west of raise on the second floor 102
! mining car loads of ore. - The asjay value of
| car samples was as follows: Gold $41 25; sliver,
7 ounces per ton. . Have hauled to the
Nevada mill during the week SI tons of ore
and will commence crushing it on April 24.
The Fouth drift, started from the tunnel at a
point E65 feet In from the mouth, was ad
vanced C feet; total length, 6 feet: face in
quartz, clay and porphyry. On the 900-foot
level of the Union shaft workings of the
Sierra Nevada west crosscut No. C, at a point
100 feet north from crosscut No. 5, was ad
vanced 20 feet; total length. 25 feet; face In
porphyry.
Brunswick lode. Consolidated California and
Virginia, Rest & Belcher and Gould & Curry, ;
CCO level — The joint south drift from the sta- !
tion was advanced 20 feet: total lenfth. 692
feet; face in porphyry. The shaft ' has been
sunk 12 feet on the Incline; total depth. 1029
feet; bottom in porphyry"., The joint west
crosscut, started from the south drift at a.
point 600 feet from the station, was advanced
17 feet: total length, 40 feet; face in porphyry
and small stringers of quartz.
Occidental Consolidated— The of flclal ■ letter
for the past week says: 550 level — The east
crosscut from the end of the southwest drift
from the foot of upraise No. 1, has. cut 6 feet
of quartz showing bunches of fair-grade ore.
fi&O level— rals« from east crosscut No. 3, j
100 feet north of the station, hap been ad
vanced 11 feet through quartz, : with bunches
of high-grade ore. 750 level— From the end of
the north drift from west crosscut No. 1, ;at
a point 150 feet in, we have started an east
crosscut. It Is 17 feet In a mixture of quartz
and porphyry, the. quartz showing value.
STOCK AND BOND . EXCHANGE. ,
, MONDAY, April 25— p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
TJ S Bonds— ' ME Co — 13V4
4s quar coup.. 107',jj107% Oakland Gas.. 41% 42J4
4s quar reg... 10641074 'Pac Gas Imp.. 78 79Vi
4s quar new. ..117 118 i Pac L Co — 54
Miscellaneous— |S F G & E.. 80 —
Cal-st Cab Ss. US - |Ban Fran - 34
Cal El 6s 125 - (Stock Jas 12 -
C C Wat 05... — 1034 In.«urance-
Dup-st ex c. — 9SM>!Fire-Tn 1 s Fund. 190 —
E L & P 65.. 127% - I Bank Stocks—
F&Ch R- 6s. - II64! Anglo-Cal .... 55 62>-i
Geary-st R ss. - 100 ißank of Cal.. — 234
HC & S 5Vi..100 105 Cal SD& T. — 964
L A L Co 6s. — 100 First Nat ....195 -
Do R-ntd 65.. - 100 Lon P & A. ..130 -
Market-st 65.. — 12tJ4<Mer Exchange — 15
Do Ist M 55. .109 109% Nev Xat 8.ir.l 155
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97V. Savings Banks—
NCNg Rv 7s. 102 - " Ocr S & L.. - 1700
N Ry Cal 63.. - 1114 1 Hum S & L.10.'0 1160
N Ry Cal 55.. 96Vi 9« I Mutual Say. - 41V4
N P C R R 6s.in3 — S F Say 1.'.. — 500
NPC Ry os.. - 101 S & L 50.... - 100
N Cal Ry 55.. — — Security S B 2'o —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d Is 55.. - 110 Street Railroad—
Om Hy 6s - 1244 California ....107V4 —
P & O 6s no — Oeary 40 -
P&Ch Rv 6s. - 110 Market-st .... 45% 49
Powell-sl 65. ..116 — Presidio 8 —
Reno WL&L..IOO - Powder—
SacElec Ry ss.l«4' .Hi". 7 *, California ....130 150
jSF & N P 65.104Vi1044 E Dynamite... — 90
! SlerraßCal 65. 102 10.'> Giant Con Co. 40 41
!SPof Ar 65.. 96 - Vigorit ....:... W, 'i\
S P Cal 65.. — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is cr 55.. — 9GV4 Al Pac A.*sn.. 90 05
SPBr 6s 1044 - Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 65... 115 116 Hana P C 0... — 15
S V Wat 45... 99Vi — |H C & S Co.. 20 20«4
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 43 —
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 50 62% Nat Vln C 0... — 7M:
Marln Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 86 384
Spring Valley. 97% - Pac A F I>.. 14 2H
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C 0...100. ..100 —
Cent Gaslight. loo — Par Paint Co. 6>,4 —
Morning Session.
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 19 00
50 do do 19 124
25 do do 19 25
275 do do 19 374
SO Market-street Railway 4S 50
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 41 50
25 do do 42 CO
25 do do 42 75
160 do do 43 00
12000 Market-st Ry Con Bonds tfs 109 00
25 Oakland Gas 42 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 37 50
25 Pacific Gan Imp 77 00
20 do do 78 00
CO S F Gas & Electric C 0.... 80 00
$6000 S P Branch Ry Bonds ...:104 00
Afternoon Session.
25 Giant Powder Con 40 00
25 do do 40 124
f» do do 40 25
250 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 19 374
300 do do 19 624
1450 do do 20 00
22." Hutchinson S P Co 4 r J 87%
278 do do 42 75
100 Market-street Railway *9 "0
5 do do 48 75
10 Oakland Gaa 42 2:.
20 do do 42 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 87 50
15 do do 37 ('0
66 do do 36 00
5 do do 36 75
5 do do 30 50
5 do do 36 23
95 S F Gas & Electric Co SO 00
J20T.0 S P of A Bonds 97 r»0
J2OOO S P Branch Ry Bonds 104 00
JIOOO S F & N P Ry Bonds 104 00
Street—
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 43 00
Morning Street Sales.
250 Hawaiian C&S Co 19 00 I
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 20| 200 Hale & Norcrs. 50
500 Andes 10 100 48
2:>o Best & Belcher. 271 200 Ophlr 41
SOO Chollar 23200 Potosl 2S
300 Con Cal & Va. 67 100 29
1000 Con Imperial... 01 i 700 Sierra Nevada.. 75
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta 20 i ICO IS
f.OO Belcher 10 200 Mexican 11
100 Beat & Belcher. 2'.i 100 Ophlr 39
UK) Benton 12; 100 Savage 13
2no Bullion 61 1 100 Scorpion 02
: '' :: 'Til & Va.. 60 j 4im Sierra Nevada.. 77
600 Crown Point ... 10 200 Yellow Jacket... 09
100 Gould & Curry.. 17 1 100 10
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning- Session.
500 Alta 20 1 "00 Mexican 13
SfKi Andes 08 200 11
700 09 300 Ophlr 44
700 Belcher 13X00 43
600 Best & Belcher. 29 200 40
50 27 ; KOO Potosl 3K
400 Caledonia IS 3<*> Savage 13
200 Con Cal & Va.. TO 200 14
400 6^i ,';.O Sierra Nevada.. ",
300 67 300 73
200 6«|2«) 74
200 60 j.i'Vi Union Con 20
1000 Con Imperial .. 01 i f.ofl rtah 08
500 Gould &. Curry.. 18 500 07
2iiO Hale & Nocrg.. o3 ■ SuO Yellow Jacket... 09
200 52|
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes OS 200 Ophir 41
300 Belcber 10 200 39 i
200 Con Cal & Va.. 67 3HO Potost 27 •
200 66 J2rtl Savage 14 |
1500 Con Imperial... 01] 800 Sierra Nevada.. 77
200 Crown Point ... lli3oo 76
2uO Goiil.i A Curry.. 171500- Union Con 19
300 Hale & Norcrs.. 501700 Utah 07
250 Occidental 2 00 3no Yellow Jacket... 09
100 1 25!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April 25— ( p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice — 11
Alta 20 21 Ken tuck — 02
Andes 08 10 I,ady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 10 12 Mexican 10 11
Best & Belchr. 26 27 Occidental 100 —
Bullion — 01 Ophir 37 3S
Caledonia 16 17 Overman — 04
Chollar 21 22 Potosl 26 27
Challenge Con. 10 12 Savapc 13 14
Con Cal & Va 64 6.". [Peg Belcher ... — 02
Confidence — 40 Scorpion 02 —
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 73 74
Cr.>\vn Point .. 10 11 Silver Hill .... — 02
Con New York. — 02 1 Syndicate — 04
Euroka Con .. — 2" Standard —170
Exchequer — 03 I'nion Con — 19
Gould & Curry- 17 If t/tah 06 0<!
Hale & Norcrs. — 53 Yellow Jacket. 09 10
Julia — 021
. ♦ ■
There could not possibly be a whiter
city than Cadiz, unless It were built of
snow. As you near the coast you see in
front of you a white mass which appears
to be floating upon the water, just as you
are. The first thought of a foreigner is
that he is in sight of an iceberg. The
white mass, glittering in the sun and
rendered more dazzling by the blue sea
and sky, looks exactly like a monster Ice
mountain partly melted, so that outlines
of castles and hills appear upon it; but.
only for a second does the illusion last,
for you know there are no icebergs in
that part, and you are quickly informed
that it is Cadiz. No other town in the
world presents such a magic appearance.
The expense attending the marriag-e
of the Prince of Wales was about
£41.000.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. 1593.
Th.
Pr.
1
8
15
IT
Sa.
2
9
16
23
30
Moon's Phase*. !
O. Full Moon.
4
11
12
it
7
14
21
28
(O. Full Moon, :
W April 6.
Last Quarter
April 13.
I jC\ New Moon.
Vi/ April 20.
•mPlrst Quarter,
<£/ April 6.
It ".:•-.--
I a
'.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8 N Mer
«halJcfo« hal Jcfo Excnan e e - San Francisco " April
The ume ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
ce o X , a K Uy a L n °° n to " dav -l- •-. at noon of the
20th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
tlme - J- t. McMillan.
Assistant In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hvrlrojrranhlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benetlt of
mariners without regard to nationality and.
free of expense.
Navigators are c . ordlal invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always, be ootained regarding
iignts. dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
I VrT>? ba ' l on tap of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten mlnufes before
noon and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
Island Cl' StatM Naval Observatory at Mare
| Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. if any. Is
published the Eiir.e day by the afternoon
I papers and by the morning papers the follow
ing day . w . S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, XT. S. X.. in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
-.-- Umatllla Reef Light Vessel No. C 7.
Office of the Lighthouse Board, V'ashl-iKtoi,
r> C. April 19. IS9S.
TMOtlce Is hereby given that on .->r nbout May
20. 1898, steam Light Vessel No. '-7 will be es
tabllshed In 25 fathoms of water, ab.-mt 2',i
miles SW % S from Umatllla Reef. Flattery
Kocks,, making- off from Cape Alava. and about
4V» miles WBW from the cape.
- The . vessel will show a Jlxed white Il?ht
from each of a group of four lens lan:ems en
circling each masthead.
In each lens lantern there will be a 100-can
ale power Incandescent electric light. The focnl
plane of, the llghta will be M feet above the
sea, and the lights will be visible i 2?* mll«»jt
In clear weather, the observer's aye 15 feet
above the sea. >.-.: '■■.'■-
NOTE— « the electric light apparatus should
become Inoperative, the lirhts will he a fixed '
white, but will be less brilliant than tie c-lec- ■
trie lights. . •
The vessel has a flush deck, two masts,
schooner rigged,, ami has no bowspyl:.; she has
a smokestack and a log signal betw-,- the ,
masts. At each masthead, under the f.ns lan
terns there is a white circular *all»rj\ The
hull is painted red. with UMATILLA REIEF
in large black letters on each side, and 67'
in black on each bow and each iua." ■-•r.
During thick or • foggy weather a VMnoh
steam whistle will sounJ blasts of thre< sec
onds duration, separated by silent intervals of
27 seconds, thus: ■ . <f
Silent • ■ Silent
Blast Interval Blast Interval
3 sec. 27 sec. 3 sec. 27 ae- .
The approximate geographical position of the
vessel, ns taken from Chart : No. C 265 of th»
United States Geodftic Survey Is:
Latitude, .%'orth. 4S 09 4S.
Longitude, West, 124, 5043.
Bearings of prominent objects from the pro
posed position of the vessel, are: ,; . .'
Destruction Island Lighthouse, SE "• E, east
erly 32 miles.
Cape Flattery Lighthouse, N % Vv', westerly,
14% miles.
L'matilla Reef (Flattery Rocks) Whistling
Buoy— the same date this red buoy, markka
UMATILLA REEF, located about one mila
N V 4 W from the propnsed position <>f the ves
sel, will be permanently discontinued.
Bearings are magnetic and given approxi
mately; miles are nautical miles.
This notice affects th.- List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1597, page 26, No.
1109, and the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast, l r'7, page SS. By order of the Light
house Board. ' FREDERICK V. McNAIR,
-. ;v ; :■■ Commodore, U. S. N.. Chairman.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Cf-Jetlc Survey.
Times and . eights of High ar,!
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance I
Prandnco Pay. Puhhsh<»d by offl
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf)
twenty-five minutes lat than at Fort I • ■
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
APRtL-isas.
Tuesday. April 2G.
rises ..:..  5:13
sets ;... s 53
n sets : .- 0-00 a. m.
g|Tlmej peet Tim^lp^lTlmejp^jTlmel
21: 1:301
iff 2:UT|
28! 3 : 1»; I
■a 1:45 1
L \V
;« o:.xi
I 1:41
? 2 2O|
4.71 S-.121
4.4 10: Cl
J.I 10:51
3.U 11:4)
H \V
2.5 6:19
2.41 7: ■:
1 8 b--s;
U.:il 6:18
O.C 6:12
0.8 6:45
I.U 7:15
L W
S.S 12:42
3.- 1.-2J
4.1! 2:OS.
4.1 1 bTS 535
4.L' 10:^3' 3 3
4.4 11:47 1 3.2
4-i h'w
II W
1.2 T:i4 4.3
l.ft 8:11! 4.9
1^ 8 33, 1
NOTE— In the a' vve exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th" left
hand col inn and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time T'.s
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the thfnl tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as some imes occurs. The heights
given are additions to me soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtractlve fr. im
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower 1..w waters.
KTEAMKKS TO AltllJ VK.
STEAMER.
Coos Bay !
L:<kme I
Proereso ... . I
Zealandia ;
Washtenaw j
Willamette.... ,
We«ott
Pomona i
Wa11a.... |
Cleveland !
Burma I
San Mateo !
Chilk.it .
Blanc hard
CommDia
Arcata — .
Homer
Gaollc
Empire _...■
Oriza ........
Tltania
Valencia
Aeanulco
NortnPorK.....
Santa R05a......
State or Cai
Crescent City..
Umatilla .. I
1 Newport
Portland
[Seattle
! Honolulu ;
j Tacoma.
Seattle .. ....'...<
jHumbolat
jS'in Diepo.. .; ;
I Victoria «fc Pug«t Sound . .
! Seattle ;.
Nanaimo
I Taeoma
Humboidt.'
Seattle
Portland
I Coos Bay ,
jHuinboldt ...
China ana Japan
Coos Bay
Humooldt
Nnnainio
! Alaska
i Panama
Unmaoidt
San DlfMro...
Portland
, Creoeeat CHv
I Victoria & Puiret Sna
|Apr2e
Apr «
Apr
Apr 2^
Apr 'it
Apr 2(
Apr 2;
Apr 2;
Apr 2;
Apr '."i
A3r 2;
Apr 2;
Apr 2f
Apr -'!
Apr 2
Apr 2>
Apr 2:
Apr 2*
Apr 2;
Anr .7
Apr
Apr 3
May 1
May 1
May :
May .
May !
May :
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
STRAMKR. I DESTINATION!
SAM*
i PtEK.
City Puebla I Vie it Pet Sna
Norm Pork , Humboldt ...
Orixaba.. .. ; HumboiUt ....
Oregon.... i Portlaha
Coo« flar.. Newport......
Newport... Panama ■..
Lakme...-. Pu«>t Sound..
Arc.ua Coon Bjiv ..
Wecott Humboidt. ...
Pomona.... San Diero I
Columbia.. I Portland ]
City of Rio Cnlna* Japan
ABlanehrd Taqulna liuy.
Homer Humboldt...
Valencia... Alasna. .".
Walla Wlla Vie & Pjrt.Srid
Venus eninaiJapan
Sanui Rota San Dipl'o ... '
Apr 20. 10 a>! Pier J
Apr 2li. 12 m Pior 2
I Apr 28. ID a>i Pier S
Apr 2r. 10 am Pier 13
Apr 27. 9 am Pior 11
| Apr 28. li M P M S.S
Apr 28, i> PM.Pler 2
I Apr. T.i. 10 A»i Pier 1»
Apr. 29, aw. Pier 13
I Apr 2.', n aji Pier II
I Apr 30. 10 ay Pier 12
Apr 80, 1 p»i PM SS
Apr SO. a am Pier 13
Mar 1. 9av Pier 11
May 1. 12 m
May X. 11) am Pier '.»
May I, 1 PM PM SS
May 3. n*s Pier 11
SUIPPIAG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
. . • Monday, April 25.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 16 hours frm Moss Land
in*. • r" •■'::■ '-••,.
• t>tmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 34 hours froia
Creacent City.
Stmr Samoa, Johnson, 39 hours from Hue
neme. . . '. ■■'.« '• • *- * •' '..'-
Stmr Willamette, Hansen 78 hours from
Se.i lit- - . it. ■
Stmr Oregon, Stephens, 66% hours from Port
land, via Astoria 50^ hours. . ". :•■■■
Br ■. ship Port Logan, Pierce, 74 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Br ship Glenard, Turner, 110 days from Cal
cutta.
CLEARED.
Monday, April 25.
Etmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles Nel
son.
Stmr City of • Puebla, Jepsen, /lcto-ia ttid
Port Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Schr Nellie Coleman, Ross, Seattle; W A
Ross (master). :
Schr American Girl, Johnson, Bristol Bay;
Wm H Matson & Co.
■• '■■'. •■••: -V : " SAILED.
■ * : ,;. : V ", ; Monday, April 25.
Stmr Santa. Rosa, Alexander," San Diego.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoctno.
Stmr Greenwood, FageTlund.
Stmr Cleone, Walvlg, Albion.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, Fort Brag*.
Schr Mayflower. Olsen, Coquille River.
Schr Nellie Coleman, Ross, Seattle.
Schr Albion, Anderson, Coquille River.
; CHARTERS.
The City of Papeete loads mdse for Tahiti and
Marquesas. .
The Robert Searles loads lumber on in«
Sound for Shanghai. 47s 6d.
I. , ■ : T I . KGKA PHIC.
POINT LOBOS— April 25, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
DOME&TIC PORTS.
-E^TKA^'a^Ap^^fm^Huenem.
S nAI!.AKEI.KT-Sanedn Al!.AKEl.KT-Saned Apr 24-Schr Ex-
Ce^VPOR| an Sa^ed nC Ap CC 0'25-Schr0 '25-Schr Halcyon.
¥ACOMA d Apr r25-Stmrr 25-Stmr Umatilla. ho
A GUAYS HARBOR-Arrived April 25-Scnr
HARBO^-kued. April 21-Schr En
te^UTH t °B^D^S»^ :0 ' April 2'-Schr Al-
Ca G d R%TS r H^RBOR-l'Sled April 21-Schr Or
ient R foY San Francisco; bktn Encore for Val
lent, . ior ,-hr Novelt} . for San Francisco; schr
I'vyfror lan Francisco; schr Jennie Stella, foe
Sa KEDONDO^Arrived Apr 25-Schr San Buena
ventura, from Grays Harbor; stmr Jewel, frm
F r r rREKA-Arrived April 24-Schr Fortuna,
JSSTadtU 16; schr Eclipse, from San Pedro;
Bchr Louie Carson, from Newport; schr Jes ia
M NEWPO«T^Srrtved Aprll 24-Stmr Westport
iO'ORT~TO\VNSEND-Arr!vedi O 'ORT~TO\VNSEND-Arr!ved April 25-Schr
E KKKsVS]S-A r?i^' April 25-Schr J Ep-
P TATOOSH -PM«ed l A?rU 24-Ship J B Brown,
25-Schr Lettttla,
he r \VOOD-Sailed April 25-Stm Whltes
b^SPAß-Arri' aca cd CAC Ap O ril 35-Schr Maxim, hno
CASPAR— Arrived April 25— Schr Maxim, hno
AP ' FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG-Arrlved prior to April 23—
stmr Argyll, from Oregon; Haw Bt.tir China,
he H C Ul^A?ri^d April »-Br ship Fails it
Halladale. hence Oct 12. '
PANAMA-Arrived April 6-Stmr San Juan,
f roiii Champerico. '
SWISS-AMRICAN BANK
Of Locarno. Switzerland, end.
CALIFORNIA MORT6A6E& SAVINGS BANK,
524 Montgomery street, San Franct3Co.
Paid up capital and reserves $620,000
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and 4^
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS: w
Ernst A. Denlcke, A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued.
E. Martlnoni, F. C. Slebe, A. Togrnaninl, H.
Brunner. McD. R. Venable. A. G. Wleland.
F. Kronenberg, Chas. Martin, C. Qehret, ft
Toemaialni, S. Grandl, G. Rottaml.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LIVERMORE
IS PATRIOTIC
|
President Feidler Calls a
Mass-Meeting of
Citizens.
Murray Township Attests Its
Approval of McKinley's
Course.
Hearty Demonstration of Loyalty in
the Fight for Cub.is
Liberty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. April 25.
Murray Township showed its patriotism
to-night by a largely attended demonstra
tion hold In Fanners' Union Hail at
Livermore.
The hall was almost hidden with nation
al colors and airs redolent of patriotism
were played by the band.
The purpose for which the meeting was
called and the nature of the speeches are
pet forth In the following proclamation
issued by A. W. Fcidler, president of the
Board of Trustees:
Fellow Citizens: For three years we
have watched the progress of the Bpan
lah-Cuban war; the herding and Btarv
• the Cubans by the Spanish; the
destruction of American commerce and
of the property i ns in Cuba;
the lawless condition of Spanish rule
lily at the very threshold of our
own nation and the utt>-r Incompetency
of the Spanish Government to suppress
the war or to alleviate these conditions.
And now that thi« Government has been
"-impelled by force of circumstar.
demand that Spain cease operations in
thus restore the Island and
niggling and starving population to
a state of peace and prosperity and to
rye American peace and the honor
y.i and citizens. It be
comes the duty of every person ppo
: by the American flag and hold
:<>glance to the nation to extend
rnment his loyal support and
thy.
re at the urgent request of
many citizens of this community. I
" • all a public m?t-;;ng of the
.s . ;' Murray Township at Liver
more, '■ lay, the 2.".th ltut. a at
Farmers' Union Hall, for the purpose
of uniting- in patriotic feelings ami ex
exhibiting our sentiment of
harmony with the loyal, humane and
ervatlve course of the administra
tion in dealing with these most deli
cate bj • question! ar. 1 to manl
yalty to the Government and
• ■• righteousness of the
prin< :. • ;.r ';■ verr.ment Is
; te<l to Intervene In this extraor
dinary struggle o: man for !'■
A. W. FEIDLER.
President Town Board Trustees.
People came from many of the sur
rounding towns and the large hall was
crowded. Prior to opening the meeting,
there was an open-air concert by the
:>and, and wherever possible the nAlonal
•olora were displayed in town, and from
the municipal building-.
LULU FREDER
IS MISSING
Friends Fear She Ended Her
Life Because of 111
Luck.
L-eft Home Suddenly and Has Not
Been Seen for a
Month.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, April 25.
The friends of Miss Lulu Freder fear
that inability to procure work has caused
that young lady to do something des
pr-rato, as she disappeared about three
weeks aro from her home in this city
and no information of her can be ob
tained.
Mi.^.s Freder is about 19 years nf age,
and for a long time was employed by the
family nf s. B. Moffett. Whf-n they moved
to Washington Miss Froder was dis
charged, and from that time her period
' : misfortune commenced. She made
every efTort to obtain another situation,
both by her individual search and the
Bf,'.-ncy of employment people, but met
with no success.
About a month ago she took a lady
friend into her confidence, telling her that
phe had been a whole day without a meal
and that the r^nt of her humble quar
ters was considerably overdue The friend
supplied her with half a dollar and from
that Time nothing bad been seen or heard
°*w. tl L c t^F 1 ' The despondent muni..: in
Which Lulu spoke to some of her friends
regarding her inability to obtain work
has caused some of them to think that
the half dollar was probably spent in
procuring something with which to end
life, and that the girl has committed sui
cide in such a manner as to permanently
conceal her identity.
Lulu Freder was' rather tall, had light
hair and was of slim build. Much inquiry
haa been ma.de in surrounding towns with
a view to Mndinc out if a girl of such
description has come to any morgue or
police station, but with no success.
NUMEROUS APPLICATIONS.
Oakland's Young Men Anxious to
Enlist in Existing Companies.
OAKLAND, April 25. — Company F, !
Fifth Regiment, National Guard of Cali- |
fnrnla, met for their regular monthly '
drill to-night In their armory. The atten- I
dance was good, while almost another i
company of men, anxious to serve their '
country In war, were present and
watched the drill. Sixty applications are
how on file for membership in this com- !
pany should they be ordered out. The
captain will tak<; a sufficient number of
these to fill his command and keep the i
names and addresses of the others and '
eend for them should they be necessary
after the Federal medical examination is
completed.
Major Hayes was busy to-night clean-
Ing up battalion affairs, and is ready to
be one of the lirst to r^^pond with his ;
three companies, A and F of this city :
and G of Alameda, when marching or- '
den arrive. Several ladies were engaged I
repairing the regimental colors and flag, i
sewing on new fringe and getting it ready
for use.
A large number of the boys have been
in the armory all day ready to don their
uniforms and call the others. They be
lieve they will move immediately.
Davis Will Recover.
OAKLAND, April 25.— Henry Davis, the
engineer of the Monticello, whose legs
were amputated Saturday at the Re
ceiving Hospital after being ground un
d'T a narrow gauge train, has survived
the hJiock surprisingly well. He waa the
patient to be treated where every
Instrument, bandage and article used had
been sterilized, in the new surgery de
partment, which is in accord with the
most scientific principles.
Pardee Uses His Club.
OAKLAND, April 25.— Officer Pardee
arrested Con Fitzgerald In West Oak
land last night for creating a disturb
ance. His two brothers and mothrj
oame to his rescue, but Pardee used his
club with good effect, and this morning
rach of the boys was charged with re
stating an officer and disturbing the
peace. They claim that Pardee clubbed
their mother, who cried out "For God's
«*ke, don't kill ray boys." The officer
denies that he struck the woman, hut
lie pushed her out of his way. They
declare that Pardee will be compelled to
answer to a charge of battery.
HOPPES VALUABLE ESTATE.
His Widow and Three Children
Treated Equally Well.
OAKLAND, April 25.— Herman Fisch
back of San Francisco and Charles K.
Hoppe filed the will of the late John
Conrad Hoppe for probate to-day. With
it is a renunciation by the widow. Cathe
rine M. Hoppe, as executrix, and a re
quest that her sou Charles be appointed
by the court.
The will was dated January 17. ISO 4. and
is witnessed by (Jeorge W. Metcalf and
Ella Montague. Seven thousand dollars'
worth of property is declared to be sepa
rate, while the balance, of unknown
vaule, is community property.
It consists of the home, real estate at
Claremont valued at $20,000; real estate
on Eighth street, between Center and
Cypress, this city, valued ats2o.o(P: twelve
shares of the Simpson Lumber Company
of San Francisco, value unknown: prom
issory notes valued at $1750; personal
property valued at $400. and his partner
ship with the firm of Hrigham, Hoppe &
Co., San Francisco, value unknown.
Of the separate property Louisa A..
Charles E. and Ernest A. Hoppe, his
children, are to have one-half, share and
share alike. The widow will receive the
other half. This is the only provision for
her, as he declares that "I am informed
that she will get one-half of the com
munity property under the law of the
State." He empowers the executors to
; divide, sell nnd dispose of the property
as they see fit without order of the court.
BAD DAY FOR
EDWARDS DAVIS
The Christian Ministry Refer
to Him in Unmistakable
Terms.
Meeting to Investigate Oharfjes Against
the Pastor Goes Over With Hints
ot Developments.
OAKLAND, April 25.— The investiga
tion of charges made against Rev. Ed
wards Davis by his successor was not
held to-night as announced. After read
ing the declaration of Davis that he
would not attend any meeting so ar
ranged, the pastors of the churches sur-
A ROAST FOR EDWARDS DAVIS.
The Rev. Edwards Davis was spoken of yesterday at the meeting of
the Christian ministers in terms that were anything but complimen
tary. Though no name was mentioned it was understood by all present
that it was the gentleman before mentioned who was referred to.
The meeting began with a notice that at the next meeting a motion
would be made to amend the by-laws bo that the Ministerial Union could
be protected as well as the clergy- themselves. In looking over the by
laws it was found that in them there was no protection for the ministers
In the union, and that no matter how much one of their brethren might
lead the crooked path they had no redress, nor could they even expel him.
This led to a lengthy discussion which ended In George C. Hubbard,
who resigned as elder of the Central Church of Oakland because he dis
approved of the actions of Davis, making a few remarks, stating that It
would be in order for the Christian ministers to request that the repre
sentative paper of that denomination on this coast stop making such
complimentary speeches regarding a man who has been, and still Is, ac
cused of notorious conduct; it was liable, he said, to throw a bad light on
all the denomination. He stated that It had been said, and still is said,
that the people seemed to encourage Davis In his actions, and that he
was given too much consideration.
At this point Rev. W. Berry took the floor and declared It had been
said by many people that the other side had been given too much lenien
cy. He also said that a paper was run by an editor, and what should go
In It and what should remain out was as his wisdom saw fit, and he did
not think It the ministers' place to dictate what should be written. He also
stated that he did not think It would be right to say that the man waa
guilty until his conduct had been passed upon by a judicial body.
Mr. Hubbard stated that while the paper claimed to be the official or
gan of the Christians, It should not make complimentary remarks about
a man who was disgracing the denomination. Mr. Hubbard afterward
acknowledged that he was referring to Edwards Davis.
rounding the bay did not come. They
cent word that they accepted the invita
j tion with the Intention of being present,
j but if nothing more was heard they
: would take it for granted that the meet
> ing was not to be held. As this did not
! reach Mr. Sawyer until half-past 6 to
: night, he had no way of notifying them
; to come on.
Thirteen men and an equal number of
w 'men were present when Mr. Sawyer
made the above announcement and pre
[ pared to leave. They readily followed
j his example. The meting was not called
i to order nor adjourned.
H. B. Griffith announced afterward
that he Intended to say he rep
resented the absent pastor and
I would defend him, but he was
; given no opportunity to make the expla
nation. The investigation, however, will
i not be dropped. This is the declaration
of Mr. Sawyer and a number of his sup
: porters. They claim that they have suf
( ficient evidence to cause Mr. Davis' dis
missal from the ministry for improper
conduct.
Rooney's License Fee Refunded.
OAKLAND, April 25.— At the meeting
of the City Council to-night the ordi
nance ordering the refunding of $1000 to
Owen Rooney, the pier restaurant man,
was finally passed. This closes a long
fight, which has been in the courts for
two years on the point as to where the
city boundary line crosses the mole. The
United States engineers have uecideu
that the restaurant is outside the line,
and Rooney has since been attempting
to collect his license fee paid to the city
under protest.
Prominent Witnesses Subpenaed.
OAKLAND, April 25.— The Grand Jury
■will meet to-morrow afternoon and will
resume its Inquiry Into the water rate
matter. The subponas for Captain Minor
Goodall, F. W. "Whittier, G. W. Prescott
and several othor stockholders in the
Contra Costa Water Company have
been served by the Sheriff, and these wit
i nesses will be in attendance.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, April 2."..— James W. Boi
' ton, a painter working on the Everett
I block, was struck on the head this after
noon by a falling: staging, and his scalp
I was laid open. No bones were broken.
State, county and city taxes became de
linquent to-night at 6 o'clock. All day
j long a crowd waited in th<* City Treas
; urer's office for an opportunity to get
their receipts.
The Board of Supervisors refused to
: grant Chris Tepper a liquor license to
i day. This application was the outcome
; of the refusal of the board to license D.
M. Heagerty's place a month ago.
Lucretla 11. Swain, a widow, doing a
livery business In San Francisco, but re
siding in this county, has filed a petition
in insolvency. The liabilities amount to
, $3712 30, while there is only $1157 assets.
The First Unitarian Church of Berke
i ley has applied to the Superior Court for
: penfcsslon to mortgage its property for
| $3500. A new building will be erected at
i the corner of Bancroft way and Dana
street.
Wants to Issue Bonds.
The California Beet Sugar and Refining
Company has, through Its directors, ap
plied to the Superior Court for permission
to incur a bonded indebtedness of jl
000,000.
CO-EDS CHOOSE A LEADER.
BERKELEY. April 25.— The Associated Women Students of the Uni
versity of California to-day elected Miss Clotilde Adelaide Grunsky, '99,
president for the coming college year. Mips Grunsky had a close rival in
Miss Lola J. Simpson, '99, and was elected by a vote of 159 to 152. The
new president, who succeeds Miss Marion C. Whipple, '98, Is prominent in
the affairs of her class and is president of the college ioung Women's
Christian Association. She will be duly installed in her new position to
morrow at 12:10 o'clock, when a special meeting of the Women Students
will be held for the purpose.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1898.
WORKED HARD,
DIED WEALTHY
Pioneer Delger Closes a
Life Uniformly Suc
cessful.
From Repairing Shoes He Be
came One of the Wealthiest
of Oaklanders.
Ha Denied the Oft-Told Tale of
Luck Through a Lottery
Ticket.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 25.
Frederick Delger, who forty years ago
was a humble shoemaker, and who for
nearly half that time has been one of the
wealthiest men in this county, died this
morning, after an Illness of several
months, during which he was often so
near the end that premature reports of
his death were circulated.
The experience of Mr. Delger has been
similar to that of many other pioneers.
Born in Saxony seventy-six years ago,
he came to America in 1547, and five years
later opened a shoestore in San Fran
cisco. Always thrifty and frugal, he ac
cumulated a little money, with which he
made more investments in his business,
until in 1557 he opened a branch store in
Sacramento, and was fast acquiring
wealth.
About 1860 Mr. Delger turned his atten
tion to Oakland, sold out his shoe ven
tures and invested in real estate in this
city. His change of business was due to
i his realization of the fact that while the
I rice of shoes would always remain much
j about the same, the price of real estate
lin a growing- cttv must of necessity In
] crease rapidly. With these Ideas in his
' mind, he purchased ten acres of land on
| Telegraph avenue, between Seventeenth
and Twentieth streets, which he eventually
I subdivided and on which he realized
! large sums of money.
Many old residents of this city who
' knew the deceased well in his lifetime
have circulated for years a story that
Frederick Delger received his first large
sum of money through his wife taking a
lottery ticket in payment of a pair of
shoes. The story is told that Delger did
not at all approve of his wife's method
of financiering, but the next day, finding
c h Ke^s e m?nr r ° f a bie Prlze ' he
Six years ago Mr. Delger read the. proof
of a short biography of himself, that
was afterward published, and in which
occurs this paragraph: q
J2ul gr 7 at ,, s ccess in accumulating
wealth is founded on no special favor of
Dame Fortune nor any alleged luck in
buying lottery tickets, of which neither
himself nor his wife has ever owned a
single one nor any fraction of one The
phenomenon , (Of . his ac uirln wealth) has
not the faintest tinge of mystery, being
the simple result of a thorough apprecia
tion of the -value of land possession in a
new and growing community. While mak
ing a little money in the humble voca
tion of repairing shoes, and still more in
the business of boot and shoe merchant
he knew that the margin of profit in such
lines was necessarily of afluctuatlDgchar
acter and that the flush times would
not last long, even in California, and
that the only sure thing of steady per
manent and ever-increasing value is
lcLncl.
On both sides of the hay Mr. Delger
made many heavy Investments In real
estate, and all of his speculations were
successful. At the time of his death he
owned several business blocks on Broad
way, besides much stock In local banks
Mrs. Delger and four children are iv
|"Bf.fj» thi -l city> he daughters are Mrs.
Matilda Brown, Mrs. Annie Moller and
Mrs. H. O. Trowbridge. Edward F. Del
ger Is the only son. Some years ago Mr
Delger built In Mountain View Cemetery
a very elaborate mausoleum, and on many
occasions he has spent some hours on
Sunday mornings at the cemetery view
ing the place in which his remains will
be finally placed.
RAPID RECRUITING.
Company G Now Has the Full Num-
ber Allowed It by Law.
ALAMEDA, April 2.".— Company G, of
the Fifth Regiment, located in this city,
now has the full number of men allowed
It by law. and the boys are all anxious
for the call to active service. The last
man to sign the auxiliary roll was on
watch at the armory at 7 o'clock this
morning for the purpose of getting his
name on the list. E. L. Murray is h
name, and he is full of patriotism
It is not expected that the married
members of the company will be called
upon to go to the front, but there will
be enough of the unmarried ones to sup
ply the full quota.
Orders from the Governor are expected
at any minute, and Company G will be
ready as soon as any other' company.
WIFE-BEATER PUNISHED.
Sentenced to Six Months in Jail,
Justice Sorry He Could Not
Give Him More.
ALAMEDA, April 25.— John Reames
was sentenced to-day to six months' im
prisonment in the County Jail for beat
ing his wife. In passing sentence the
Justice said the practice of wife beating
must cease, and he only regretted *hat j
he could not Reatnes a longer sen- i
tence. The offense was committed last i
December, and Reames was let out on i
bonds. When the time for trial came he
was not on hand, having gone to Seattle. '
A few days ago he thought it would be
safe to venture back, thinking the af
fair had blown over, but he was rearrest
ed on a bench warrant and was taken
before Justice Morris. lie pleaded not
guilty, but his wife and two children gave
strong evidence, and the result was that
he got the full penalty of the law.
—•-.
Unitarian Club Programme.
A.LAMEDA, April 25.— Next Wednesday
evening will be the date <if the regular
fortnightly meeting of the Unitarian
Club of this city. The principal feature
of the programme will be a talk on wine
making In California by R. 11. Delafleld,
a well-known vitlculturist of Sonoma
County. The musical features will in
clude a piano solo by .M. N. Kinney and
the singing of several patriotic songs.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. April 25.— Rev. H. V. Mor
gan will open a temperance saloon and
lunchroom to-morrow on Enclnal avenue
near the narrow gauge Station.
F. W. <:. Moebus of this city has re
ceived his commission as director of the
Home for Feeble Minded Children, vice
J. J. O'Brien, deceased.
An exhibition of old china and paint-
Ings will be held at th>> residence of Mrs.
G. W. Dorn, llt>2 Broadway, on Saturday
next, for the benefit of the Pan Fran
cisco Nursery for Homeless Children.
Ed "Wnldier has been arrested on a
charge of battery preferred by Thomas '
Tumblin. It took several stitches to sew
up the cuts on Tumblin's anatomy made ;
by Waldier.
Ex-Constable C. E. Carlson of this city \
was sentenced to-day to pay a fine of '
l> r serve twenty-live days iii the Coun- ;
ty Jail, for embezzling $•">■ The charge
was brought by Dr. Humphreys; it grew
out of pome accounts that were given to '
Carlsen to collect.
PLEASANTON'S
ENTRIES CLOSE
Some Good Purses Offered for
the Events of Next
Saturday.
An Exhibition by Dlrectum to Be
One ol the Features of tha
Meet.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, April 25.
The Pleasanton horse races which have
been arranged for the purpose of giving
| that lively town a "boost," will be held
next Saturday. Among the attractions j
will be an txhibition by Directum, the |
famous horse which is known the world i
over. The programme and entries are !
as follows:
One-mile handicap, Merriwa stake, rur.nlnp, i
one-mile dash, free for all, $2i«(— Wild Robin, i
J. Abercrombe, I'leasantnn; Spry Lark, Mrs.
M. Qulim. Emeryville; I'l.-asanton. L. Ruck- i
man, San Francisco; Green Leaf, H. Prit.-h- '
ar<l. West Oakland: Lady Hearst, W, Napier,
Pleasanton; Imp. Devil's Dream, B. Holly,
Vallejo; Dick P.'han, Kred Bean, Vallejo:
Florlmel E. Hendle, Pan Francisco; Georpe I
Palmer, E. Hlnkle, San Francisco; Apt", J.
Kruse, s.-tn Francisco; Flashlight, Farrar i i
Farblvllle, <; ilden Gate.
Three-f.nirtli^ of a mile, weight to age,
Pleasanton Hop Company's stake, running,
three-quarters •<{ a mile dash, free for all,
j2Ou — wild X' bin. J. Abercrombe, Pleasanton;
Green Leaf, T. H. Pritchnrd, West Oakland;
Jim Uozeman. F. M. Starkey, Stockton; Jack
Atkins, McDowell, Pleasanton; Tempee. B.
C. Holly, ■: Charlotte M, Fred Bean,
Vallejo; McFarlano, S. F. Holman, Pan Fran
clfco: Nuncomar, Al Leach. San Francisco;
Little T O, E. Hlnkle, Pan Francisco: Alea
traz, Keith Bhephard, Oakland; Mount Roy,
ONE CHURCH MILITANT
Rev. £. G. Mathena Wants to Lead His Flock to the Battle's
Front.
"Because a man's a minister Is no reason -why he should not fight for his
country as well as any other loyal citizen," says Rev. E. G. Mathena, and to
Bhow that he means it he has volunteered his services as a soldier to his country.
He did not stop here, but also urged on the male members of his congregation,
who were only too willing, to follow h!s example. At the time their country
calls them they expect to be 100 strong and thoroughly versed In the ways of
war. In the meantime tney are drilling and practicing shooting.
The ladles of the church are contemplating joining the Red Cross Society.
the fac-simile y^^ _//f >, ■ .?"** is on every wrapper
signature of / ££z&§ffy&&&Z of CASTOEIA.
J. Krause. Oakland; Flashlight, Farrar &
Farblvllle, Golden Gate.
Free for all trot, Verona stake, trotting, two
in three, free for all. $250— Carl Carnle. Me-
Dowall & Wise, Pl^asanton; Dione. T. K.
Kwuir.R. Pleasanton; Monterey, P. J. Williams.
AlnmeUa.
Free for all. Huby Hill stake, pacing, two
in three. $2it>— Lena N, McDowall & Wise,
Ploasanton; AnaconJa. T. E. Keating. Pleas
anton.
Mercantile stake, road race— Pleasanton Mer
cantile stake, trottinK and pacing, free for all,
three-minute class. $100— Prince C, John Cur
ley. Pleasanton; Wafiaro. Harry E. vv se. ban
Francisco; Little Miss. .1. M. Alviso. Pleasan
ton; Stella Marvin, B. K. Trepy, Pleasanton.
There will also be bicycle races, entries
to which will close on Wednesday night.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 23.— Recorder Sut
ton to-day announce I the schedule of ex
aminations at the university for the pres
ent lurm. The examinations will begin
on Thursday. April 28, and will end on
Tuesday. May lv.
The senior class in the department or
decorative and industrial art of the uni
versity will Kive an informal reception in
the new oast hall next Wednesday.
John Fan-ail of Curtis and Bay streets
chopped off the ends of two fingers last
Saturday evening while chopping wood.
Curiously enough, he did not know the
accident had happened until he entered
th<^ house and saw the blood coming from
his hand.
Postmaster W. C. Moran of Lorin se
verely cm his wrist yesterday while dec
orating- his house for his sister's wedding,
lie was cutting flowers when the knife
slipped and severed the arteries of his
wrist. Fifteen stitches were required in
dressing the wound.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James A. and Emily C. Yoell to Samuel G.
IJuckbee, lot on VV line of Montgomery street,
CS:L« .S of Jlush, S 34:4U by W 6u; also lot on
N line of Post street. 176:2 X of Jones. E 40
by X 60; also l"t on SW corner of Sutter and
Larkin streets. W 30 by S 70; $10.
Samuel O. Buckbee to James A. Yoell, undi
vided 54 same (3 i>iece«); .
Same" to E"mily C. Yoell (wife of James A.),
all residue same ('.', pieces): — — .
Michael Dolan to Warring Wilkinson, lot on
W line of Stockton street, 40 S of Sutter, S 20
by W CO; $10.
Alvlnza and charity Hayward to Dennis T.
Sullivan, lot on W line of Jones street, 93:9 N
of Lombard, N 31:3 by W 137:6; SlO.
Charles and Sophie Hitchcock to Minnie Mc-
Graw, lot on line ol Clement street, 107:6 W
of Fifth avenue, r 25 by N lOfi; $10.
W. V. and Mary L. Huntington to John N.
Lofstad, lot on E line of Seventeenth avenue,
£25 S of A street, E 120 by S 25; {10.
Ole Johnson to Caroline I'ersson (wife of
Swen), lot on X line of Forty-second avenue,
200 S Of O street, S 50 by E 120; $10.
William 11. Itock to William H. Mixer, lot
on NW line of — uidley street, 146 SW of Mateo,
S\V 33 by.NW 100, lot 56, block 5, Mission and
Thirtieth-street Homestead; $10.
Investor (a corporation) to J. W. Tharp, lot
on N"W line of Loulsbere: (Spring) street, 178
NE of Mount Vernoo, XX 44 by NW 103; G. be
ingr lot 14, San Miguel Homestead Association;
grant.
J. P>. Gartland and P. Callaghan to Mrs.
Fannie Mott (widow), lots IG, 17. 24 and 25,
block 35, ;is per map Mission-street widen
ing fW line of Prospect street, 75 S Esmeralda,
S 50 by W 140); $10.
Celia McCorxnack to Bridget McCarty, lot on
NW corner of Fillmnre and Greenwich streets,
W 137:6 by N Ci): gift.
R. C. Chambers to Wplls, Fargo & Co., lot
on N line of Vallejo street, 68:6 W of Scott,
W 103 :1H by N 137:6; also lot on NW corner
of Fulton and Williird streets, W 200. N 137:6,
E 114, N 12:6, E 86, S 150; $10.
William H. Bridge to James Kltterman, lot
on W line of Fair Oaks street, 91 S of Twenty
third. S 31 by w 117:11%; $10.
Edward Fennell to Thomas Clifford and An
nie Ang-lin, lot on N line of Duncan street, 75
E of Church, E 25 by N 114; also lot on N
line of Duncan street, 175 W of Guerrero, W
25 by N 114; $1.
Johanna and William Bushman to Edward T.
Menomy, lot on N line of Chestnut street, 187:6
W of Kearny, W 30 by N 137:6; $10.
EL .7. and C. F. Adams to John and Mary
Kannltz, lot on E lino of Pennsylvania street,
25 N of Eighteenth (Solano), N 25 by E 75; $10.
F. M.. George D. and F. A. Greenwood (ex
ecutors of the estate of Monroe Greenwood) to
Augusta C. Matzfn (wife of Otto C. Matzen),
lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 100 S of Lake
street, S 25 by E 120; $1000.
City and County of San Francisco to Miss
R. P. (handler, lot on N line of California
street. 81 W of Eighteenth avenue, N 3 more
or less, NW to California, E 21; —.
John W. Jones to Jacob Heyman, lot 1201.
gift map 2; $10.
Thomas King to Charles C. Wilson, lot on
X line of Wayland street, 12" W of San Bruno
avenue, N 100, E 40, S 25. E SO. S 50, W SO,
S ZL, W 40; ?10.
Alameda County.
Edson F. Adai.is and as attorney, John C.
AUiuus iby attorney) and Julia P. A. I'rather I
lo John K. Glascock. lot on SE corner o£ Jack- !
son anJ Second itreets, t: iju, S .to N line of i
First, \V to E line or Jackson, N to beginning, ■
portion of block 12, Oakland wuit-claam deed);
$5. I
Myron T. and Marion B. Holccmb to E. A. !
Heron, lot on SE line of Eighth avenue, SO
NE of East Eighteenth street, NE i.O by SE
100, block 107, Clinton, East Oakland; JlO.
Cary and Fanny K. Howard to Osmond
Van Every, lots 14 and 15 and S half of lot 16,
block A. Broadway and Telegraph-avenue i'ark
Tract, Oakland annex; $]v.
A. C. Berthier and A. E. Shaw to Elmhurst !
Land Company, undivided three-quarter inter- !
e»t in lot ii, same; $10.
Same and Elmhum Land Company to Lv- :
cille B. Forman, lots 19 and 20. same; 510.
Sands \V. and Lucille li. Forir.an to A. C.
Berthier, undivided half Interest la lots 2, 3. 5
to 11. 13, 14, IS to 30, 23. 44 to 51. 54 to 6?,, 73 to
S3, So to lUO, being a portion of Elmhurtt I'ark
and Elmhurst Park No. 2, Brooklyn Township;
also lots 1 to IS, 21 to 25, 31, 74, 75, 7S to 101,
105 to 117. 121, 122, 123. 125. Elmhurst Park No. |
2, same; $10.
E. B. and Stella M. Stone to Mary Frates, I
lots 25 to 2S, block IS. resubdivitlon of the
townslte of Fitchburg, Brooklyn Township: JlO.
Julia T. Moss (trustee of the estate of .1.
Mora Moss) to H. N. Moss, Eleanor M. New
hall, Maria M. Watson. A. W.. J. M. and A
T. Moss, lot on N line of Division street. 282 W
fr..m line dividing tracts 404 and 303, W 4S by
N 130. being a portion of tract 404, Whitchers'
map of Oakland, Oakland; also lot on SR lino
of Eleventh avenue 100 NE of East Seven
teenth street, NE 50 by SE 150, block 93. Clin
ton, East Oakland; $1.
Minnie B. and Leopold Neller to Thomas E.
Hanson, lot on S line of Frederick street. 110 \V
of Telegraph avenue as It existed June 5, 1572,
W 40 by S 100, Oakland; $10.
Carrie M. Schoennemann (by tax collector) to
A. L. Payne, the N 1-400 of an inch of lot on
S line of Tenth street, 138 W of Cypress, W 7,
S 120, E 32, N 20, W 25, N 100 to beginnine.
block 552, Oakland; $1.
A. D. and A. E. 3. Wilson to The Realty
Syndicate, tract A on map of East Oakland
Heights, East Oakland: $10.
Real Estate Combine (corporation) to game,
same, East Oakland; $1.
Maria J. Erskine (and as executrix of the es- |
tate of W. F. Erskine et al., by commis
sioner) to Julia T. Moss (trustee of the estate ,
of J. Mora Mos?), lot on SE line of Eleventh i
avenue, 100 NE of East Seventeenth street, NE !
60 by SE 150, block 63, Clinton, East Oakland; ,
$2663.
ESdffar D. Pelxotto to George P. Thompson,
lot &. map of subdivision 17, Glen Echo Tract,
subject, to mortgage, Oakland Annex; $10.
Mary Lupton (wife of James) to William L
Boldt. lot 23. block A, Major Given Tract, Oak- ,
land Annex; 110.
North Alargeda Land Company to Helena F. j
Balkwill, lots 21 and 22, block 13. North Ala
meda Tract, to correct former deed, Brooklyn
Township: $760.
A. F. and Mary J. Graeter to estate of Sarah
K. Saxe, Roll la P. and Homer P. Saxe. the W ,
H of lot 22 of B. L. Jones' survey of acre lots,
being portion of James J. Foley's Tract, Ala
meda: $10.
G. C. and S. H. King to Henry A. Pilling,
lot on S line of Santa Clara cvenue, 64 .<! !■: of
St. Charles street. E 40 by S 140, Alameda; $10.
Ludwig Harder to Pauline Haider, undivided
interest in lot on N line of Francisco street.
8S E of Grant, E 72 by N 13:.:4H block 1. State
University Homestead Association No. 4,
Berkeley; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Virginia
street. ?5 W of Grant, W 4ft by N 125, block |
D, Edith Tract. Berkeley; gift.
Charlotte Bauer to Anna L. Harder, all In
terest on lot on N line of Francisco street. 8S !
E of Grant, E 72 by N 135. block T. State Uni- j
versity Homestead Association No. 4, Berke
ley: $10.
Myra Knox to Louis and Barbara Pfunt. lot
on E line of Redwood avpnue, 1?.?. 37 Nof Tob
ler street, N 45.23 by E 125. being a portion of
Frultvale Park. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Joseph and Kate Lewis to W. T. Pagehorn.
lot beginning 1 at the NE corner of lot 3. map
of property of Valdrz and Glascock, thence W
111:9 to E line of Park street, thence BW 135:5,
E to E boundary of aforesaid lot 3. N to be
ginning, being a portion of the Valdez and
Glascock property. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Anna C. Newbnrn to Christian Tietien. lot i
on S line of Buena Vista avenue. 235:11 W of
Bt. Charles street. W 3." hy S l^n. block L.
map of property of Columbus Barlett, Ala
mf>'la: $10.
ThnmßH H. Ppeddy to Henrietta T. Speddy,
lots T'6. F~. 66. 67 and 6S. Higl^y's survey of lota
adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; $3000.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E T Sederholm&w. 11l Mrs C P Judd. Mass
L L McArthur. Chgo Miss Judd, Mass
B F Hake, Omaha O H Nagie & w, Wym
E Warfield, Md M E Dean. Santa Cruz :
E P. Babbitt. USA Mrs S Belivean. Oaknd I
H E Orey, USA H Milllken. Mass
A Hill & w, Mich F S Henry & w, Chgo I
G B Cramer. NY J Strong & w. Ind
J J Byrne, L Ang Miss Blake. Ind
Dr G C Weiss, Fargo Miss Stron. Ind
H Booth, Los Angeles J W Lee & w. Ohio
Mrs C M Booth. L Ang Mrs D McAfee. 11l
Miss X Izard, Chgo Miss G Dhee. Ohio
Miss L McDonald. 11l D McAfee. 11l
H W Patton, L Ang M \V McAfee. 11l
C H Hamilton, Chgo L B Hill. Providence
J F Farraher & W. Cal Mrs Hill, Providence
J W Perkins. Ind R F Green. N V
Mrs tßuckinsham. Ind W S Stitt. Chgo
A V. N'lcholson. NY 'J F Talbot. Nevada
R G Brown & w. N V C C Braydon, Mass
W R Walker, Chgo Mrs Braydon, Mass
Mrs G Fisher. Chßo Miss E Coe, N H
Uss C Fisher, Chgo IG Ingersoll, Mich
0 J Wilsoa & w. Ohio'D W Can. Mass
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Hall, S Ana A B Smith. Fresno
R T Gray, Cal W E Gerba. Sacra
Cy Mulkey, Cal M C Mead & wf, Ind
L W Hurlbert, Cal V O Nagle. S Rosa
ET Fraser, Sac W E Dargle. Cal
R H Cowles & w Nev Mrs J N Tuester. S J
JWhlcher & wf. S L J M Darlile & wf, NZ
Mrs Browning, S Jose J Thompson, Cal
J Curry. Los Gatos D Meafee & wf. 11l
L D Anderson, Cal IWI W M Meafee, 111
A Fibush. Oakland Mrs Putman. 11l
W P Henley. Fresno W L Bullis. L A
T W Charles. Cal Ed Dufnor, S Rafeal
J W Herkner, Cal Louis Hoibron. Sac
W E Blasihgame, Cal H J Small, Sacra
C T Bell. Stockton Wm H Hilton, Sacra
J H Bonney. Boston M H Brown. Cal
J B Steckeninsr. N V C E Jefferson, Sacra I
L B Hendricks, Cal R M Russel. Lodl
J W Cramer, NY O Winingstad, S Jose
E Pattee, Sonora I C Ruling & wf, Cal
W C Parker. Cal I N P.larkstock, Phlla
BALDWIN HOTEL.
T E Cooney, Merced J H Bamher, St Louis
H Weinstock, Sacto V Levinston & w. Cal
C E Phipps, Sacto F F Hamilton & w.Cal
J J Ha*sell. San Jose H A Darcy, N V
S Chamberlain. Cal L Dargin, New York
J Johnson, Berkeley O M Thumler & w, 111
F Merrion, Phila J X Tate & w, Cal
ABC Dowdell. Cal W H Ramlne. N V
Mr & Mrs F Bierce.Cal R A McAllister, 111
J C Martin, Rochester A Watson.- Wisconsin
1 J Booth & w, Conn F W Steams, Sta Cruz
P Hammerbacher, Ger J Welzlnskl, Visalia
E L Reed. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
O Ottenfeldt, NY OF Johnson, Chgo
H Lynne, Mass J Hamilton, Petaluma
S Hyde, NY T T Flynn, San Pedro
J R Ferguson, S Rosa R M Sicard. Mich
M Bannon, S Rosa J R Watts, La
C McGee. Riverside Mrs H Sleben. Mo
J Maxwell. Rio Vista F Robertson, Mo
C M Howell. Fresno J H Creed. Pescadero
D Stone, Cal M Wilson, San Jose
J McGuirk, NY C J Bailey, Monterey
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
TO ENGLAND, ANTWERP, AND THE CON-
TINENT.
RED STAR LINE,
NEW YORK, PHILADELPHIA. SOUTH-
AMPTON, ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
(Philadelphia-Liverpool Service.)
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN. LIVER- j
POOL. Under BELGIAN and BRITISH :
FLAGS.
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana. 3400 tons, Conemaugh. 2100 tons (formerly
in the trans-Atlantic service of the American
line).
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
6. S. Ohio. June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, June 20. (or St. Michael,
connecting with company's fl->-t of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
Gompagnie Generate transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers 4iT<rTr>
by this line avoid bcth transit by «"BUhNto
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second class, Jllfi.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30. 10 a. m
LA BOURGOONE May 7, 10 a. m"
LA TOURAINE May 14. 10 a. m'
LA fJASCOGNE May 21. 10 a m.
LA CHAMPAGNE May ZS. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, 'ew York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOSGATOS and SANTA CFU2
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sunday.-i
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. JOe;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. U Nortb
First street. Sac Jose.
AMUSEMENTS.
0DD000003000330003
o #
I STYLISH styles FOR
S SIMMER GiRLS ! «
A ■ **
OWe have, them either in Laco Shoes 0
v or Oxfords, Black or Russet, Vestin?
£ or Plain Top6l any style of toe. This «
w week a special drive. Ladies" Cloth or i%
O. Kid Top Tan Oxfords: New Coin Toes ■
A and Tips: Hand-turned Soles, that are Q
easy on the feet and require no break- **
0 ing in. The ijrice.sl 50; sells regularly «
r> for ?2. . C^
*±
a q
w Youths' and Boys" Russet Lace Shoes, Cj
'"* guaranteed for wear; look neat and do W
Q not show the dust or dirt. i*j
„ Youths" Size. 11 to 2 $100 ~*
« Boys' Size, 2' to 54 Jl 25 M
0 Countryorders solicited. Send for Now £j
w Illustrated Catalogue. Address _
Ig B. KATCHINSKI, g
tt PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., „
" 10 Third St., San Fran;Ssco. "
oaoaocfoOODOoOOooog
ooooooooooc.
% -"-? PALACE *■"■?%
°CRAND HOTELS °
o SAN FRANCISCO. "
w Connected by a covered p;issiK?war. ***
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
O all Under One Managembst. O
O NOTE THE PRIC£B: Q
C% EuropeanPlan. Bl. oo perday and upward n
< ** American P1an. »3.00 per day and upward *»
I C Correepondenfr Solicited. Q
O JOHN C. KIBKPATRICK, M»n»g«r. q
000000000000000000
/•^^k Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iHK«e»ill < '-'~ Ki;.\KX V ST. Established
f3rilLS§»l ln I*3* for the treatment of Private
«Li.^k»w Dfeexses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
llß^^B^Hb wearing on and miiid'atnl
•^Kj ' Smfi Slcin DisraseM. Thedoctorcurpswheii
B^S^V^gi^?l<'iht>rsfal]. Try him. Charges low,
<'nr«"» puar»nt«-^sl. Callorwrite.
f>r. .1. F. fR TOX, Box 1957.5 an Francisco.
i#fI^DEWEY,STRONGi #fl^DEWEY,STRONG &CO.^??V
E |gATEMIsf j|
VSS^3C I MARKET ST.~Sr}&ar
OCEAN ISAVEL "
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|||5^ F ° R SEATTLE
: li^Sl AND TACOMA
DIRECT.
The New, Elegant, Fast Steel Steamship
"SENATOR"
Carrying Freight and Passengers, Will Leave
Broadway Wharf, San Francisco,
TUESDAY, MAY 3, AT 11 A. M.
TICKET OFFICE— N«w Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents, 10 Market St.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k^ Steamers leave Broadway,
'Bb— wharf. San Francisco:
Iwwf^Sk or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
MPfd^fe April 1. 6, 11. IS> 21 < 26 May 1,
¥£k sEAXs transfer at Seattle.
H^svSS^ sla For Alaskan ports (from
IMtdu^ttl Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
i^&ssh&\ A rll 27, May IS. June 5 26,
July 17, transfer at Portland.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. April 1. 6.
11 16 21 26 May 1, and every nfth day there-
after," connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and o. N. kj\. ax
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at ancouver with
C For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
April 2. 8, 14. 20. 26. May 2, and every alxth
day thereafter. ■ _.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., April 3. 7. 11. 15. 19, 23, 27.
May 1 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), H
am.. April 1. 5. 9, 13. 17. 21. 25, 29, May 3. and
; every fourth day thereafter. _
, For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Fan Jose del
i f'abo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
ila and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., May 12, ■
and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to cnanga
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKKT OFFICE— New Montgomery,
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N7CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth
InnL SS Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon. April 18. 27
Columbia ...April .1. B<J
State of California April 24. May 1
Through T.ckets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD. General Agent
/, ■>-. -i.- • . . 630 Market it.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
' Superintendents.
fHOBBtJEfI S. S. ZEALANDIA.
jfcflniL for HONOLULU only.
• 8P»»«P"W Wednesday. May 4. 1
"^^_^ p. m. Special party
0./ l" \ rates. S. S. MARIPOSA
SjjfcrrKnin ) The s s mariposa
Q)lMltljlliy v/ sa ii s via Honolulu and
/nfTlFlTinil* Auckland for Sydney
VyilipOlwr Wednesday. May 18. at
° p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
' Freight Office— 327 Maiket st., San Francisco.
! DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON, HAMBURO.
| F. Bismarck... April » A Victoria..... June 16
A Victoria ..May UF. Bismarck ..June 30
F BiVmarck...June, 2! F. Bismarck ..July 2<?
Ist Cabin $100 up Cabin $45 up. Steera.sre $30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURQ DIRECT.
Phoenicia . May 7i Pretoria May 21
Pennsylvania ..May 14! Patria June 4
Palatia May 211 Phoenicia June U
Ist Cabin $75 up, 2d Cabin $40, Steerage $26.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California St.. cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
1 FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
■ Steamer "Monticello" "
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at........
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p.m. ex. Thur».|
Friday 5!......"..... ....1 p. 'm. and 8:30 p. m.
i Eundays 10:30 a. m. nnd s p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 3.
| XeleJhone. Red 22U.
1314
WHEAT IS
STILL ON
THE WING
Speculators Plunge
Into a Whirl of
Excitement.
France and England Short,
Russia Stops Selling
and War Rages.
Argentine Crops Are Light and
Cables Indicate Higher
Prices.
BARLEY FALLS A LITTLE.
Interesting Details of the Fever
Among Bulls of the Local
Market.
There was more excitement among the
wheat brokers yesterday than on Satur
day, and before the day closed the old
time prices prevailed.
December wheat on the curb, after the
closing session, sold at fl SOVi, a phenom
enal advance of two cents over the regu
lar closing.
Those who attempt to account for the
market attribute the great rise to English
cables and to the shortness of the hold
over supply as well as to the war.
Business opened yesterday with unusu
al signs of life, the exchange rollcall find
ing every broker at his post. There was
a great rush and every si»;n that great
business would be done when the first
Liverpool cables came, -;uoting futures
from two and two and a half pence
higher, with cargoes from three to six
higher and in good demand at the ad
vance.
Liverpool showed a further rise of two
pence at the close, or from four to four
arid a half pence for the day. Paris
showed a sharp advance and private ch
bles confirmed Saturday's report that
Russia had stopped exporting wheat. All
these conditions worked up a strain of
excitement seldom equaled in the Call
Board.
As soon as the caller. H. C. Bunker,
sounded the gong there was the quietness
of death. Brokers were sparring for the
anticipation of others. The crowd wu-i
not long in finding some one to siart the
ball rolling.
K. C. Evans bid $1 71, $1 72. $1 73. $1 74.
1175. then $1 7i> 1 2 for Decemi'er wheat. At
the latter price a few saies were made.
In the excitement $1 77 vraa paaa, this
price against $1 69 on Saturday. There
was considerable wheat for sale at $1 77.
The offerings were greater man the de
mand, the latter coming mostly from
shorts. Within a short space of time the
price had dropped to $1 7o at the decline.
There were round a great many buying
orders. This, together with Chicago ad
vancing, started the market on the up
road again at $176%. The market hesi
tated, however, the buying craze being
found stronger than the selling: pressure.
This time $1 77V4 was reached, wuere the
price rested after the closing morning
session.
At the afternoon s< ssion bull enthusi
asm ..using the price
to reach 1178%, with May $1^:. prices
which have not I ?<>r einht years.
T!.. market closed sirmK at the extreme
top prii i" tli" day. Generally ;; strong
advance like yesterday's brines free n-ai
izinp- orders from those who nave pn.fns.
Not ho yesterday.
The longs. Instead of realizing, added to
their lines ami are talking $2 wheat. In
Buch times of excitement the average
speculator doesn't stop ;■> reason, but
goes madly into the swim of excitement.
The- situation presents one of great
strength. England and France are very
short of wheat Their s'neks are dan
g-erous'.y low. ami th< ir crop prospects are
only fair. Russia has stopped exporting
wl it. Argentine has disappointed im
porters, the offerings from the Argentine
being so small that buyers generally con-
Bider that country out of the market.
Comparing December wheat with the
same option in California it will be found
California December wheat is 3K cents
per bushel higher than Chicago. This dif
ference will almost allow the importing
of Eastern wheat in this market. Surely
wheat as far >...»; .:.- Wyoming and Kan
sas can be broueht int.. California at
present differences. Speculation seems
Intoxicated. ;■.;;: • . .■: -, - the result
prices will be carried far beyond where
legitimate conditions wil l Buvtalh them
The pr.-s.'nt price Is probably higher than
facts will warrant, ye\ the bull fever is
on and prices are liable to sro much
higher before they run up against a
stone wall. There is very little argu
ment to offer against a small 'Top, but
one does not want to overlook the fact
that present speculation is discounting no
crops at all. This is where speculators
will find themselves wrong sooner or
later. The wheat plant ts naturally Btrong
and can withstand more than many will
givt it credit for. Th^rr- will In- "some
wheat harvested in <\mfornia regardless
of opiniors to the contrary. Ajrain Ore
gon and Washington crop prospects are
fine. These States ran supply California
n.iilers and yet have a large exportable
surplus. Utah will dud California a good
market for her wheat th-;>. wear. All in ,"11
there seems no g 1 ground to suppose
the people of t!<is State will be deprived
of wheat bread for the next fourte< n
months, for old stock? of wheat ar» larger
than generally supposed.
Barley was a surprise to the trade
Brokers asked one another, "What's the
matter with barley?" The matte;- | S bar
ley has been boomed to death, and the
heavy imports of ro,rn nave cut the de
mand fully C"> pel cent, in many sections
75 per cent. There is a great deal of bar
ley which will not pass ('all Board In
spection. yet it meets the requirements of
feeders. The trouble with barley is that
the market is overbought The' country
is long and insiders are short. The action
■ f yesterday's, market would indicate a
condition noj at all favorable to buyers
In the face of n rise of M cents per cental
in wheat barley actual!.- declined 1%
cents, with a heavy faehng " The local
talent nre fearful oi a bf*vy break in the
near future.
The features of yesterday's tradingwere
the heavy selling of barley and buying of
wheat by E, A. Bresse. l>ur'-y the early
morning Cutter & Hoseley a ild wheat and
barley freely. Gerberding & Co. bought
wheat rtlum bought May wheat. Rosen
berg also was a buyer of that option.
Kaufrman Bold December harloy and
wheat early, but turned buyer later Sou'le
was a good buyer of December wheat at
$177. Costigan sold around $1 7sv4. Miles
also Gauthler. sold considerable Decem
ber wheat at the advance.
WORK OF FIREBUGS.
A Stable and Six Horses Destroyed
in South San Francisco.
Fire Marsha) Tbwe Is Investigating an !
incendiary firo at Eighteenth avenue and
H Btreet, South San Francisco. Sunday
night, by which a stable was burned to i
the ground and six horses and several )
wagons and other property were de
stroyed, entailing: a k*>s of about $2500.
The property belonged to L. J. Fanuc
chl, o gardener and lisherman. He has I
been tor some time the victim of van
dals who have destroyed his boats and
fishing nets and broken into' his house
and stolen n lot of articles.
He and his family retired early Sunday
night and wore, awakened by the cry of
lire. The stable was on fire and the
flames had got such headway that it was
Impossible to attemi to save anything.:
The Fire Marshal believes that the fire
was the work of a bad gang, of hoodlums
known as the Humors Point "toughs."
?h» «c« c W >! n be small. chance of bringing
the tire h me to any o( them, but a ri*ld
l^fSthep^Ef JnadG by the M r "
A NOTABLE
LECTURE TOUR
Miss Helen Kelleher to
Lecture on California
in the East.
One Hundred Principal Cities to
Be Visited Under Auspices
of Southern Pacific.
With the Assistance of Stnte Board
or Trade *nd Other Leading
Trnde Bodie-.
The brilliant success •which attended
the illustrated lectures entitled, "Pic
turesque California" and "Semi-Tropic
California," given by Miss Helen Kel
leher throughout California, Oregon,
Washington and Britsih Columbia dur
ing the past year has suggested to uen
eral Passenger Age:.t Goodman of the
Southern Pacific Company the advisa
bility of making similar arrangements
to present the many attr: <. tion;. of our
Golden State to people of the Western,
Middle and Eastern States in a manner
and under such auspices as no other
similar exhibition has ever been con
ducted.
The plan as adopted provides for
Miss Kellcher delivering her new lec
ture on California in 100 of the princi
pal cities of the United States included
in the territory above mentioned dur
ing the months of May, June, July, Au
gust and September next, to be given
under the auspices of the most influen
tial religious, social and charitable or
ganizations of the cities to be visited.
With a view of insuring the best pos
sible results arrangements have been
made with Mr. O. V. Eaton, formerly
assistant registrar at Stanford Univer
sity, to act as advance representative,
canvass the different cities and enter
into agreements with such organizations
as would best give tone and prestige to
the enterprise. Mr. Eaton started on
his mission two weeks ago and has al
roady made some valuable connections,
notably that at Salt Lake City with the
Mutual Improvement League, which
has obtained a special dispensation
from the church authorities to use the
Mormon Tabernacle, and the sale of
7000 tickets for this occasion is already
assured.
This is no ordinary stereoptlcon exhi
bition, as Miss Kelleher ranks with the
best lecturers of the day and in addi
tion to that qualification she is also an
elocutionist and an entertainer of high
standing. The collection of slides which
will be used on this occasion is the
most complete and the best that has
ever been gathered together. They are
all artistically colored and such as .^lave
heretofore been used in Miss Kelleher's
lectures hnve excited great admiration.
The dissolving view electric stereopti
cor., which will be used, is the largest
and most powerful made, reproducing
scenes surprisingly true to nature. Mr.
George W. Reinhardt, recently grad
uated from the University of California,
will act as stereoptician on this trans
continental lecturing tour.
The very favorable conditions under
which this enterprise will be conducted
and fostered cannot fail to interest the
bert people of the East, and by thus
presenting the many attractions and
particularly the resort features of our
great State the tourist and pleasure
travel to California should be largely
augmented.
To th*> Southern Pacific Company,
the State Board of Trade, Manufactu
rers' and Producers' Association, Los
Angeles Chamber of Commerce and
others belong the credit of inaugurat
ing this most worthy enterprise.
THE WOMAN AS
A MINISTREL
A Burnt Cork Performance to
Be Given at Native Sons'
Hall.
The Novelty of the Affair Is Attract
ing the Attention of Theater
Goers.
The latest novelty in the way of enter- I
talnment is being prompted by philan- |
. thropical women, who, although Cauca- '
plans, and of high social standing, will \
cover their beauty and their dimples, put ■
putty over their eyes and rouge on tlx-irrf
•fosr that they may be better fitted to
shake the hand of Belinda Jones and
| Parson Johnson at the minstrel show this* '
; evening on the stage of the Native Sons"
Hall in aid of St. Patrick's grand bazaar.
This will mark the first time in the
recorded history of the city when women i
■ have undertaken to shine as "end men" |
, and draw up in the ancient semicircle
to address the inimitable conversational
ist, known as the interlocutor, for the
.' edification and amusement of an audi- j
I ence.
The object of the performance, although
for charity, is a peculiarly novel one, and
for this reason alone will attract hun
dreds through curiosity to the show.
The minstrels will be under the aus
pices of the ladies of the Golden West
booth of St. Patrick's bazaar, and under
the immediate direction of T. Eggert the
popular and well-known minstrel man
ager.
Jack Cathcart and B. F. Hanlon, made
familiar to the ti* ater-goihg public by
the appearance of their names upon
minstrel programmes in the past have
volunteered their services to Instruct the
ladies and initiate them into the myster
ies of burnt cork and artificial wigs and
will do all in tht-ir power to help attain
the noble object upon which the enter
tainment and the bazaar itself is based.
This purpose is to remodel the tottering
edifice on Mission street, one of the oldest
churches in the city, and by repairs and
the necessary improvements, put it in a
condition of decency which it justly de
serves.
The final dress rehearsal was given last
evening in the hall on Mason street, and
in every detail proved a success, the
jokes being given smoothly and evenly
and the specialties being acted with con
siderable ability.
The minstrel troop consists of the fol
lowing artists:
Interlocutor. Miss Aggie Hoyne; tam
bos, Misses Mamie Wells, Jeannette Fin
nic, Mamie Shcohan and Annie Oakes
bones. Misses Jessie Finnic, Klttie Mc-
Bhane. Mabel Norton and Tessie Smith
.soloists, Misses Ella and Belle O'Brien'
ATiee Q arson, Lottie Veuzell and M P
Wcsthaus. Mr?. M. Hronnan. Messrs. J
Cathcart. B. F. Hanlon and Master Do
herty, the little Nouman Sisters, glee club
of Company A. L. C. <"■., and Miss Vir
ginia Stack, fancy dancer.
The following ladles have charge of the
entertainment:
Miss A. W. Westhaus, manager- Miss
May Hlggins. assistant manager- Miss
Jennie Byrne, secretary; Mrs. Ryan, Mrs
Fahey, Mrs. Sheehan, Mrs. Maggie Cav
anagh. Mrs. A. I.equnne. Misses M. and
K. Leary, Mrs. May Carter, Misses Rose
Wagner. E. and B. O'Brien, Jennie Curry
and Mamie Willis. y
Tickets for the entertainment, at 25
cents each, may be had at the Monitor
office, or at Miss Holdon's book store
148 Fourth street.
Ladles' tailor-made mtts: latest designs; w«
t;Jve credit. M. RothschUd, 211 Suttrr - t a. i.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1898.
SHE LIVED AND
DIED A HERMIT
Catherine Hem, After Ten
Years' Seclusion, Ex
pires in Solitude.
Her Husband, Hans, a "Pris
oner of Love," Now Left,
Indeed, Alone.
A Mystery of South San Francisco
Shot With Gleams of Pa
thetic Devotion.
For the past ten or eleven ynzn a
little house at 1201 Sixteenth aven'te,
down at Bay View, has been a source of
unsatisfied curiosity to the people In
South San Francisco. Hans and Cather
ine Hem have lived there and with no
exception not another person has ever
set foot inside the place. The front gate
has been nailed up. The front door was
never opened. The windows were barred
and the shutters were always closed.
Exit and entrance to the mysterious lit
tle house was always by way of the cel
lar in the back, whence steps lead to the
kitchen above.
But on Friday Catherine Hem died—
died alone in the little house while her
husband was away. She had been ailing
for a week, but this fact had not altered
the manner of living of the strange Ger
man couple— which was to live as though
no other people existed in the world. For
ten years no one hnd seen or spoken to
Catherine Hem. She had no friends; she
talked to no one, but dwelt in a strange
sort of solitude alone with her husband.
Hem himself had grown to love the taci
turnity. Of late years all his small busi
nesa affairs were transacted through a
frank-faced young grocer on Fifteenth
avenue, whose respect for the strange
reserve of the peculiar solitary German
had won Hem's confidence.
Twice a year, or sometimes only once,
letters came to Hem, sent in care of the
grocer, and these contained remittances
from Germany. But the notification Hem
should have received from the bank last
January had not arrived, and on Friday
the Queer old German walked— he never
took a streetcar— from Bay View, ten
miles, to the bank. In his absence Cath
erine, his wife, died. She must have ex
pired in great pain, for her limbs were
distorted with the agony of her death,
and the old bed on which she lay— a
home - made contrivance composed of
knitted cords shaped into bags and then
stuffed with grass— was worn hare by the
death struggles of the lonely, suffering
woman.
Hem discovered that his wife was dead
when he came back from his long, un
availing tramp. He had no money to bury
this loved companion of his solitude, but
the strung, enduring habit of ail those
past, long, silent years even at a time
like this was the ruling passion. He
went to the one man lie felt he could
trust. But the grocer was out taking or
ders. So Hem, with the sorrowful knowl
edge within him, walked back again to
Bay View. There he met the grocer and
told him that Catherine was dead.
Through this man arrangements were
made with the Coroner, who sent for the
body.
It was this occurrence that for the first
timt- in a decade forced open the curious
little house in which these two have
dwelt in silence and solitude so long.
There was no bed in the house. Both
slept on the floor, on these grass-tilled
Ba< ks of the German woman's manufac
ture. The front room was absolutely
bare. In the kitchen were the barest ne
cessities, and the room where the wife
died contained a chair or two and these
sacks of grass. But there were books,
many of them. And this fact makes peo
ple who knew the Hems in better days
recall the i'act that Hans Hems German
is pure and absolutely correct; that his
business dealings have been those of a
scrupulously honest man; that his writ
ing and his manner of speech have al
ways been those of a cultivated gentle-
mas.
The gossips are trying to account for
the peculiar lives of these two. They say
that Hem is well connected in Hamburg,
whence his remittances come, and tnat a
family quarrel has estranged Him from
his people there and from tne world. The
most probable story is the other version
that the awful curse of insanity rests
upon the Hem family. A son and a
daughter are inmates of an asylum now.
Another son attempted suicide once not
long ago in front of tne City Hall, and
Hans Hem's iirst born succeeded in tak
ing his own life. Since that time these
two old people have lived in a solitude
almost as complete as though they lived
in Fahara Instead of San Francisco. And
there are rumors that poor, lonely Cath
erine Hem succumbed, too, to the mental
ma lad'- and then Hans, in addition to
the housekeeping cares, had the burden
of a weak minded wife.
llnng Hem has been a character down
in South San Francisco for years. Slight.
short, pale, with long dark hair and
beard fast growing gray, wearing white
gloves of that same knitted cord that
Catherine had used for the sleeping bags
and even for curtains in the queer little
plac. carrying upon his shoulder the
sucks full of provisions he preferred not
to have delivered at his place, he pre
sented an interesting figure. Once even
he appeared upon the street with his
trousers covered with that same white
network, which seemed to be a passion of
the dead woman. But he was never rao
lested. Once the butcner. when he cut
the dollar's worth of meat Hem bought
weekly, asked casually. "Well, how's the
family?" Hem never went oack there.
And once a shop keeper asked him what
part of Germany he came from.
"1 do not ask you where you come
from," he answered gravely. "That is my
own business."
After that he forswore all but the dis
creet, kindly grocer. Through him his
rent was paid, through him he communi
cated with the world when it was abso
lutely necessary. Of late years Hem has
refused to receive letters. So the letters
have ceased coming:. When the water
bill was due the collector coming over
the neglected yard where the grass grows
thick would find the door opened just long
enough for a hand to pass out to him the
dollar owed. He didn't know whether it
was a man's or a woman's hand. Not a
word was spoken and the transaction was
repeated month after month. The front
door never opened. The back door opened
only to the grocer. You may go down to
Hay View to-day, and you may knock
till you're weary, but the Htcle cottage
will remain quite quiet, seemingly unoccu
pied. Even in his dealings with the one
man he trusted Hem was as laconic as
possible. He would bring to the store a
correctly written invoice with the articles
and prices. He would nod a good morn
ing to the proprietor, present his invoice,
pay his bill and leave. Though their
house was so unfurnished, the odd couple
permitted themselves some small luxu
ries. Hem would brine home beer and
wine, and he enjoyed a cigar. He never
accepted the smallest favor. He never
demurred at prices.
The grocer has generously offered him
credit till the delayed remittance shall ar
rive, lie is confident that the debt will be
repaid.
All this strange man asked of the world
was that he should be left alone. This
wish has now been granted more fully
than he expected. For the death of his
wife has left the man pitifully alone. He
wept bitterly when her body was taken
from the Strange home, but he did not
come up to San Francisco to see his com
panion put into her grave. The thought
of the curious eyes and tongues he would
meet was too great an ordeal. So Cath
erine was buried in the city and her hus
band shut himself up in the solitude of
the strange house. He will continue to
live there, he has to.d the one man to
whom he will speak. The only difference
will be that Bay View will have one her
mit instead of two, but imagine the lone
liness of bereft Hans Hem.
SNATCHED HER BANKBOOK.
Mrs. Mary Behrlnger of South San
Francisco Causes a Commotion
on McAllister Street.
Mrs. Mary Behrinper. who lives In
South San Francisco, caused a commotion
on McAllister street near the Hibernia
Bank yesterday afternoon by uttering v
piercing scream and falling to the side
walk in a fit. She was carried into a
house, and soon recovered. A man was
seen running away from her. but the
people were too much interested in n>?r
case to give any attention to him, and he
escaped.
Mrs. Behringer hurried up to the Cen
tral police station and complained that
she had been robbed of her bankbook with
the Mifccrnia Bank. She said she and
her husband had been having trouble and
they wore living apart. They had money
deposited in the bank in their joint names
and she retained possession of the bank
book.
She was on her way to the bank when
a friend of iier husband named Bulger,
a saloon-keeper in Butchertown. met ncr
near the bank and snatched the book out
of her hand. She screamed, and he ran
away. Then she fainted.
She was escorted to Judge Joachimsen's
court, w ii ere she swore to a complaint
charging Bulger with grand larceny.
SAIN FRANCISv.O CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlpht 1- the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montßomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'cl:ck.
615 Larkln street: open D "1 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22C1 Market street, corner Stxt.:nth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 oVinck.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
ICOS Polls street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A M., A
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING, April 26, at 7:30 o'clock. R. A. s^2*
degree. By order of the H. P. f\f x
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M •
121 Eddy St., meets THIS EVENING, -£%-
7:30 o'clock Fellow crafts Invited. JKJT
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /^r*
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. &A. ■
M.— Called meeting. THIS (TUESDAY) _JV-
EVENING, April 26, at 7:30 o'clock. f^J\
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. 'V'
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. & JB
A. Third degree. THIS (TUES- _f\_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. *LJ\
A. S. Ht'UHARD. Secretary. /V?
ODD FELLOWS' day— Grand anni- .^K^ta/v,
versary picnic at Shell Mound
Park. TUESDAY. April 26.
Games, races, gate prizes, music ' // "" -
and dnnclng. Visit the Patriarchs Militant
and Rebekahs. Come one, come all and have
a good time. Entire proceeds In aid of Or-
phans' Home at Gllroy. Admission 25c. Chil-
dren under 12 years free.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of stockholders of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 10th day of
May. ISSS. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the
purpose of electinc a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac- '
tion of such ether business as may come be-
fore the meeting. TrxAisfer book 3 will close
on FRIDAY, April 29. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
"OLD Friends"— meeting WEDNES-
DAY NIGHT, April 27, In Old Friends'
Hall, 14 Third st. All members hereby in-
vited. By order of -- .W-;
JUDGE J. A. CAMPBELL, President.
J. E. SLINKEY, Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the Unued
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. • • t; ■ %
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rocm 6; tel. 5580.
MISS R DUVAL. Just from the East; expert
ihiropndlst and manicure. Ruotns 2 and 3,
'121 l.st st.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— BathsT
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 6.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans";
baths and massage. XIIS Market St., rm. 8.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, *L 343
Thiro. St. and BOS Twenty-fourth.
RAY FAIR, magnetic healer and card reader.
208 O'FarreU st., room 2.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Rooir 10, ;;i O'FarreU st.
MRS. DB. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; elec-
tric vapor. 204 Sutter st . ; M floor.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths 120^ Geary st., room 11.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room i<>. second floor front.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Krarny st., room 2.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
batlm. 13'j Turk and 1118 Market, nns. 15-16.
MMX, HAXSKN. lntfst galvanic battery and
cabinet laths. 116 Taylor st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. SO (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st.. on and after Mon-
day, May 2, 1S!'8. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday. April 2C. IS9S. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASP German cook and housev.-ork
rrirl desire? situation; 2 1 ? years last place;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT, capable German girl desires situation
at cookint and housework, $10 to H5; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation in hotel
or boarding house; country preferred. MISS
CULLEN, S2S Sutter st.
LADIES desiring first-class help of all na-
tionalities can secure same by '-ailing on or
addressing your orders to MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st., or phone Grant 120.
LADIES'.— We have 2 first-class superior cooks,
best of references, awaiting : Uuatlons. J. P.
<-R< (SETT & re... 316 Sutt.T st.
COMPETENT English second girl, best of ref-
erences. desires a situation. J. P. CROSETT
_&_CO.. 316 Sutter St.
FIRST-i LASS . ok situation in hotel,
hoarding-house or private family; first-class
references. MRS. NORTON, 32i! Sutter St.
SWEDISH house girl, strong and willing; good
cook; best references; city or country; Jl5 to
$20. Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
AT the German Employment Orfice, MRS.
LAMIiKRT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332. a
number of first-class girls await positions.
SMART, intelligent girl would like a position
In a candy store. 1103 Hyde-st. terrace, flat 4.
RELIABLE woman wlshee work by the day to
do washing, ironine or houeecleaning; will
work reasonable. Please call at 1036 Potrero
aye., near Twenty-third st.
RESPECTABLE girl for second work and sew-
ing or chamber- work and care for children;
no postals. Apply at 1316% Post st.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged woman;
good washer and lroner; also cook: wages $10
to $12; city or country. 924 Washington st.
YOUNG girl would like to take care of child;
is good seamstress. Address 203 Surrey st.
YOUNG girl wants to take care of 1 or 2 chil-
dren or do l'ght housework. 10 Thirteenth St.,
. upstairs.
WANTED— Situation ns lady's companion;
ccuntry preferred. Apply at room IS. Brook-
lyn Hotel. Bush st.
RELIABLE refined person, German, wants
situation as working housekeeper. Box 1653,
Call office. ... .
RESPECTABLE woman wlahcs work of any
kind by the day. Address 600 Nafjnla st.
RKFiNIM) German woman v/ants to d.i 'jsccr.d
work in American family; understands sea f -
in? and ironing; salary $20. Address ::235'.4
Suttrr.th st.
WANTED— By American woman, situation as
nurse or charge of lnclginir-hons'- Call or
ac!dr33B No. 6 Tehama St., city.
NEAT elderly woman wants light housework;
can slee:> at home; wages $3 per week or
. work by the day. Address E. R.. 1231 Market.
YOUNG girl wishes housework and plain cook-
In;;. 428 Clementina st.
GERMAN srirl wishes work by the day for
housccleaning. 215 Polk St.
COMPETENT girl wishes place for general
housework and cooking; city references. 325
Ellis st. . .
DRESSMAKER will go out by the day or work
taken in at home. 533 Turk st.
GERMAN girl wants situation as cook and
downstairs work. 3012H Sixteenth St.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes ~sU vat» in
to ilo second work; can give good reference
Please call at 140 Cumberland st., downstairs.
GERMAN woman wishes a few more places to
wash by the day. Call or address MRS. A.
. DBLMB, 79 Clementina rt., near. Second.
MIDDLE-AGED woman (American) wants sit-
uation in family; is good plain cook; stays
a long time in good home; for years in last
place; best of city reference; wages $15 per
month: no washing. Box 1653. Call office.
SITUATION wanted to ■ do housework and
cooking; city references; $20. 122 V nevlsadero. .
SITUATIONS Continued.
j COMPETENT woman, cood cook and laun-'
i dress, wishes to do housework; kind to chll-
j ■ dren or sick people; wages $15 to $20. 79 Jessie.
: GERMAN iv: man wants work by the day
washing or housecleaninc. 365 Jessie St.,
| near Fifth and Market.
! YOUNG Swede girl wishes situation as house-
work in a small American family; wages $20
per month; can do good plain cooking. Call
at '.'! Ninth St.
; YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a place to do up-
j stairs work in a nice private family; is a
good sewer. Please call at 31 Lafayette St.,
between Howard and Mission, and between
Eleventh and Twelfth.
YOUNG Eastern woman, with child aged 6,
wants position as housekeeper. CIS Polk st.
: FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker desires
a few more engagements; $1 25 per day; city
I or country. Address box 1749, Call off.cc.
WANTED— A position • good, competent girl
for housework d cocking: wages from $20
I to $25. Call at 647 3ay St., nr. Leavenworth.
; WANTED— Washing, ironing or house-clean-
l n ?v9. y the day; good reference. MRS. M. E.
j JENSEN, 15 Mln:ia st.
| CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postasa
) free. - ■.. ■„. ,
I <^— — — — i — — — — —
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414'/j, O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help; tel. Grant 5 Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- st.
ANTED work of any kind by young man
speaking English, German, Spanish; is fair
penman and accountant. Box 16SS Call.
WANTED— Position In general merchandise
store; grocery and bartender. Box 1671 Call.
YOUNG man (German) wants situation in or
near this cltv: is satisfied with low wag«<.
I G. BRUNN, 904 Kearny st.
I YOUNG man to attend to horses or drive a
bakery wagon; Mission preferred. Box 1684,
[ Call office.
| SITUATION as Janitor by first-class painter
| and paper-hanger; used to general Jobbing
work. H. 8., FrultvaJe P. O.
WANTED to work for a private family; can
do all kinds of work; garder.ing. horses,
cows; willing and obliging; city or country.
Address J. M. J., 631 Sacramento st.
I INDUSTRIOUS, sober young man wishes posl-
tion as coachman; jjood driver and handy
around place; city or country. Box 171S, Call.
I FIRST-CLASa California cheese maker wants
a situation, or will take charge of dairy.
Address C. G., box 1726, Call office.
YOUNG man with knowledge in freehand and
mechanical dra-.vlng, wishes position in this j
line of work. Box 1751, .all office.
COACHMAN, a Dane, competent, reliable, • ex- |
pert driver, good gardener and milker, wishes
employment; excellent city references. Ad-
dress box 1.800, Call office.
GOOD Japanese cook: eight years' experience;
no wash. 1!. A., box 11, Call office, Oakland.
JAPANESE, good cook, with wife, wishes any
kind of steady work; city or country. Ad-
dress T. TAGUCHI, l Chatham place.
HOTEL clerk, bartender and solicitor. Address
box 1748. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to learn general black-
smith trade. Address 2425 Mission st.; tele-
phone Blue 441.
TO Architects— Position wanted as clerk of
works or superintendent; 10 years' European
and 11 years' American experience; good
draughtsman. Address box 3314. Call office.
EXPERIE-NCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3505, Call office.
; ELEVENTH. lOC-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
YOUNG man wishes employment In sausage
factory or pork packing: good experience;
references. Address b0x,3250, Call office.
WINCHESTER Hous*. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 10 rooms. 26c to $1 B0 night: $1 50 to $8
week; rnnvenler.t _nd respectable; free 'bus
and taggage to and from fer y.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United j
States or Canada one year for $1 50, poatag* ,
free. .
HELP WANTED—
N^A^~s^«inT^iirT~slsr~MlSS CULLEn7~32S
Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter or friends, $30, -anch.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH or German nursery governess, $35;
chambermaid, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st. - . . ■ ■ . ■
NEAT, refined young girl, care of one grown
child. $12. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED middle-aged Protestant woman,
ranch, fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter St. — rVw'st
HOUSEWORK, Alameda, 2 in family. $23:
Napa, $20; Calistoga, $20. and other towns.
MISS. CULLEN. 325 Slitter st.
LAUNDRESS, $23 to $30; French maid. $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, 35, no wash; 2 second girls, $20 and $15;
8 housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, $25; waitress, Fresno, $6: 4
waitresses, country hotels, $20; 2 waitresses,
city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; cham-
• bermaid. $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
5 RESTAURANT waitresses, $6; 8 restaurant
waitresses, $3; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses,
$20; lunch waitress, 50c. C. R. HANSEN &
CO,, 104 Gf-ary st.
INSTITUTION cook, $20: girl, Alameda. $20;
second girl, Oakland, $18; German girl, Calls-
toga, $20: 10 house girls, city, $20 to $25; IS
house eirls, $15 to $20: nurse, $20; nurse, $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMAN who understands massage to attend
baths at springs: see party here. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Gearr st.
RANCH cook, $20: housekeeper, $20; middle-
aged woman, country, $20; 3 Irish house girls,
$20 each; Irish house girl, $23; young Irish
girl to assist, no cooking, $12; German house i
girl, 2 in family, no washing, $20; Swedish
second girl, $20; 6 young girls to assist, $10
to $15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and $20.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
GERMAN second girl, $25; nurse, $20: cham-
bermaid, $20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
COOK, $30: 3 cooks. German style, $25 each.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl, German cooking. 2 in family, no
washing. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GIRLS for cocking and housework in Ross
alley. $25; San Rafael, $20; Alameda, $20
and $25; Healdsburg, $20, Calist>K«, $20;
Santa Rosa, $20. and others. T. F. CHOSETT
.<• CO., 316 Sutter st. .
5 GERMAN, Scandinavian and French second
girls and seamstress, $20 and $25; nurse and
second girl. $1S; German maid; 4 cooks In
German and American families. $30: 2 cooks,
ii>stltutirn and restaurant, $20 and $7 week;
f. waitresses, restaurants and hotels, $20 and
$5 week; and girls for housework in city.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, $30; small wash. MRS. LAM-
EERT. 417 Powell st.
GERMAN mlddle-age<l woman, country 2 peo-
ple. $15. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
SECOND girl, must be good laundress; 2 In
family; $25. MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
GERMAN housework girl, 2 in family $25.
MRS. 'LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
YOUNG ■ lady as copyists and bookkeeper;
family seamstress; 3 salesladies. 1023 Market.
COOK, $35; second girl; waitress; head wait-
. ress; pantry and hall girls. 1023 Market st.
LADIES, looking for select positions should
call or address 313 Bush st.
LADY'S companion, agreeable disposition: ref-
erences required and given at once. 313 Bush.
LADY bookkeeper; dentist. Ladles' Exchange,
New management, 313. Bush st.
Operators, finishers and apprentices
for children's coats. Apply 14 Sansome. r. 51.
GIRL wanted to do errands and . assist in
housework. 715 Polk st.
GERMAN woman for general work. Address
if.OG Howard St.
WANTED— GirI to assist in housework. 720
Fourteenth .st. ,;
FIRST-CLASS hand at dressmaking. £45 Cali-
fornia St. y
GERMAN girl for second work and assist with
children; references. ICOS Fell st.
EXPERIENCED chambermaid wanted, Lindell
House, Sixtr and Howard st.
NURSE girl wanted. Apply 2733 ' Clay st, cor-
ner Scott, between 9 and 12.
GOOD coat finisher and experienced appren-
tices; good pay. 76 Harriet st. .
NEAT young girl for housework; small family;
| good home. . 2504 Clay st. '
WANTED— on military coats. SCO
Fourth st.. near Brannan.
! 7 EXPERIENCED waiter girls for a restaur-
: ant, $(i a we«ic. Apply with name and ad-
<tregs to Box If.SC. Ciil! Office. ,:
WANTED— A good finisher on custom-made
coats. Apply 466 Clementina. «t." -.-•■ "
GIRL for rerieral housework; take care of
children; $10. 343S Sixteenth Bt.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted at 110 Ellis Bt. The
i Sausalilo.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— A girt for dressmaking; 75c a day.
1304 Larkln st. . ;
GOOD girl to assist in housework. 1013 Mc-
Allister st. ' .
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework;
i German preferred. 1905 Stockton st.
GIRL of 15 to assist in housework; $7. Call at
10, room 25, 1021 Van Ness aye.
GIRL for housework; plain cooking; no
1 washing; no window cleaning; $20. 631 Larkin.
TAILORESS wanted on coats. Apply at 524
Folsom St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
YOUNG woman for shooting gallery. 40SH
Duporrt st.
GOOD girl wanted for general housework. 731
I Green st., near Mason. . • ..-; : ,
I GIRL, general housework and plain cooking,
small family; wages $15. 1216V4 Golden Gate.
TAILORESS and finishers on custom coats.
Apply 2:.4 Ellis st.
WANTED— GirI for geners.l housework; family
of three; wages $15. 1530 Grove st.
YOUNG girl to assist in small family. $15. 417
Powell st.
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market st.. room 7.
from 2 to 3 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dre*scutting School. 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1020 Market
Bt. ; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'3. 103 Post.
HELP WANTED-MALW.
SHAMPOOER for springs; call early. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
15 TEAMSTERS, city work; 2-horse teams,
$1 75 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
FOREMAN for a box factory. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel, $60;
dishwasher. $20; cook and helper, country,
$76; cook for a mining boarding-house, $45:
third cook, restaurant, $50; fourth cook, $35:
cook, boarding-house, city. $35; cook, small
restaurant, near city, $S5 to $40: baker, small
country hotel, $35; baker's helper. $15 and
board: oysterman and waiter, restaurant, $35;
cook for ranch, $20 and fare advanced; 2
waiters, country. Institution, $30; waiter,
plain boarding-house. $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
60 SCANDINAVIAN teamsters for railroad
work; regular wages. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. _^__
HOSTLER, city, $40; man about place, $15: 10
woodchoppers, $1 25 a cord. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Oeary st.
DUMP boss for a railroad outfit, $3 a day. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH for a railroad camp, $1 60 a
day and board: harness-maker for a camp.
$1 50 a day and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN farmer, $20; 2 choreboys. $10; 2 men •
about place. $15: 5 laborers. Ctty, $1 25 a day. I
C. H. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Et. !
WHEELWRIGHT — $38 and found. O rT
HANKEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOREMAN for a box factory. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO-^lO4 Geary_st : _ . .
3 IRONERS, country laundry. $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
IS RAILROAD laborers to go to-day. C. R.
KA^S^;.^ & CU., 104 Geary St.
EXPERIENCED dump foreman for a railroad
outllt. S3 _ day. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104
Geary st.
SHOP confectioner and pastry cook, $;5 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN cook, $30; cook and wife, waitress,
$65; cook, small restaurant, $40; cook, $&week;
baker, small country hotel, $35; oytftermar.,
$36; 4 wallers, $25; porter, boy, $15; night
waiter, $3 a week: cabin boy, $lj. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. "
AN experienced masseur to take charge of a
l.ith-house at a springs hotel. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRY, help wanted— Washer for laundry,
i3:>; lroner, country, $30; young Frenchman to
• drive laundry wagon, $20; young man to
cook and assist in laundry, $25; apprentice
for laundry, $10. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED — Cook, for oyster-house, $-10:
waiter, coffee-house, $30; young man to wait
' on table and tend bar, country. $20; boy to
wait. $15; boy to help, $10; omnibus, $20; man
to tend to wagons, who can make butter,
dairy, $50; hostler, $35: dishwashers, $15 and
S3O, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
YES TUESDAY WE WANT
12 cooks 9 waiters
Butcher for a city restaurant
, BeUmaker, . city 3 dishwashers
Dry goods clerk ■ 2 can seamers
6 farm hands ■ :: — cheesemaker i
3 woodchoppers 55 tiemakers i
6 laborers, city ■ — milkers !
These Jobs range in wages from $15 to $S5
per month and found.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634-630 Clay St.; telephone Main 5848.
WANTED — Cook and wife, small country ho-
tel, $50, nice place; cook, country hotel, $10
week, short distance; cook for Nevada, $40,
waiter, country restaurant, $25; waiter and
. oysterman, $3.". Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper, $2 day; string
young man for a stove and tin store, fl a
day; 10 laborers, $175 day; cb). omiu and
milker. $20; 2 miners, $2 50 day. cart fare a.'i-
vanced, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento St. ■ "::::''. !
2 MEN to run mowers, $20; farmer, $26; painter,
*i..>; gardener, $-0; cook tor i-.v. m.:n, »-■,
lunch cook. $15: waiter. $25- in«i about T?la--". !
$15; ship calkers, R. T. WARD & CO., 608 i
and 61u Clay St.
WANTED— 2 carpenters in. city. $2 to $2 25 per j
day; laborer for wood and coal yard, J2O and '
found; farmers, milkers and others; cabin boy j
for steamer. $15 per month. W. D. EWER & '
CO., 626 Clay st. .
A YOUNG man for light carpenter work and
grill work. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
SECOND man, German preferred; country.
MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
OFFICE clerks, assistants, bookkeepers, time-
keepers, hotel clerks, traveling salesmen,
drivers, porters, find paying, steady positions.
313 Bush st. - ■,
185 MEMBERS give written Indorsement to
Clerks' Exchange to-day. 313 Bush st.
HOTEL steward; head waiter; bill clerk;
stockkeeper: hotel clerk. 313 Bush st.
BOY to drive wagon, $10, near city. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearney st.
WANTED— address of GEORGE HUG-
GINS, otherwise called "English George."
Address H. M., Call Branch office, Oakland;
will hear something to his advantage.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter St. T
WANTED— coatmakers for the country
29 Flood bldg.. P. GREENBERG & CO.
BOY wanted for grocery store, who lives with
parents. 601 Jones.
3 GOOD canvassers wanted. 9 Geary, room 2.
OLD gardener to work 2 hours day. 30 Hanna
st., Berkeley train, Oakland.
BOY wanted, experienced preferred, for up-
holstery. A. V. HINSE. 2116 Flllmore Bt.
GRINDER; one who is _ood on razors and
shears; steady Job. Call at 630 Market et.
MAN and wife; v nman housekeeper, man un-
derstnnds vineyard and wine celi:i--\ \<PZ
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS California cheesemaker; dairy-
man; hospital nurse; 2 porters. 1023 Marktt.
WANTED— Carpenter, $2 day and found, short
way in the country; also a man to work
around the house, $10 month. Apply 20 Turk.
GOOD second cook wanted. 134 Third st.
GOOD, industrious boy wanted to loam print-
ing trade. 424 Sar.some st.. room 4.
YOUNG man with $75 can get stearlv employ-
ment; excellent opportunity.'Box 1655, Call.
F l ß ,?£\S^C waltor ' a^ '"omeTnmn. M. B.
MORAGHAN. 6S California Market.
PAINTER wanted, outside work.. $2 a day 664
Mission st.
WANTED— Bo»y 16 to IS to assist in dlnlng-
room. Apply Central Hotel. 530 Third st.
W A NT , — A- bla. ksmlth for Alaska; wages
_$60. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBER wanted: steady place, in 5-cent shav-
ing Parlor._at os Sixth St.. Oakland.
F m RT -m LASS coat -maker to work in store.
TWKNTY-FIVE men for Alaska; wages $25 or
work on ship. ITKUMANS. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade in 4 to fi
weeks. i:v: Market, st. ■■ . •
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States- navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the agea of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of cood character and habits and able to
speak, read ar.d write • English, end be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further Information upply nt the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
' that Ed Rolkln. I>no House proprietor, still
runs Denver HotlM. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
_ rooms; 26c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard.- Sec; 104 7th: tel. South 625.
BARBER shop for sale. 908% Howard at.
WINCHESTER House. 44 • Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
free "bus and baggage 'to and from the ferry.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; a
nights 25c or $75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st. - ' V ■'
BARBERS' Ass'n Tree Employm't Ofnce S.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; te). Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart at.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 3.
F. Barber College, I3S',_ Eighth st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 2oc per
night; GOc, SOc and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold batns.
SINGLE roms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sta.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
600 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling. 35c. 359 Howard st.
AGENTS WAXTED.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book, "Our Country in War": all about Cuba,
Spain, Maine disaster, armies, navies and
coast defenses of United States, Spain and
all nations; over 600 pages, magnificently
illustrated: one agent sold 89 in one day.
others making $39 per day; most liberal
terms guaranteed; 20 days credit; price low;
freight paid: handsome outfit free; send H
2-cent stamps to pay postage. Educational
Union, 324 Dearborn st., Chicago.
LADIES, and cents to canvas for "The x\ej>|
Saver"; salary. The Chicago Parlor Beg
Chair Co.. 1463 Market st.
DO you want employment? Call or address)
LEFFLER, 323 O'Farrell St., 7 to 9 a. m.
OUR lady agents are delighted with the new
goods: sales beat record; more agents wanted;
no men. D. W. ROBERTS, 609 Sacramento.
WANTED— for coal oil. Apply F.
B. Joyce Oil Co., Seventh and King sts.
PARTNERS AY ANTED. ■
PARTNER with small capital In wln» and
liquor business. Call 81S Valencia st.
LADY partner In large dressmaking establish-
ment. 207 Taylor st :'•■ ■-■-.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIOHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
tlon Bt. : te!. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery at. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis TV.
ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG man wishes . room In private family.
J. ODGERS, 1614H Buifh 3t.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
; HOME wanted for two little boys 4 and •
years old; must be reasonable; German fam-
ily preferred. Particulars at 2020 Mission st.
MAN desires light work for his room. Ad-
dress Stranger, box 1634, Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Second-hand tank and windmill.
Address box R., West Berkeley.
WANTED— Ladies' and gents' bicycles. Ad«
dress Seventh and Market sts.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. . - ■-■- ■•-. ■
PAWNBROKER— geld, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
THE unprecedented success of my additional
balconies may . force more improvements:
halrdrt'ssing, 25c; good switches, $1; best,
finest quality, $3 50; extra heavy, long, $5;
open Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER.
11l Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
ELECTRIC lißhls In every rcom: Wlnchestf-r
House. 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 CO pc- night; $1 50 to $S per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHAS. CHESTER, the Stationer, formerly 919
Broadway, moved to 1155 Washington St.,
j Oakland; new stock stationery and notions.
I MRS. JOHNSON, masseur electrician, former-
ly of Oakland baths. 118 Grant aye., office 10.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic possesses a marvelous
power; harmless. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
THE Ladies' Barber-shop has removed from
352 Third st. to 316 Third.
FLESH reduced, natural process: lady and
gentleman attendant. O. S., box 1754, Call..
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment: office 10, 118 Grant ay.
STAMMER stuttering corrected. PROP.
J. WHITEHORN. 570 33d st.. Oakland. Cal.
■ CLOAKS and fine tailcr-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
6UIT to order on easy ' Installments. _.
LKMOS. 1117 Mnrkrt st.. bet. 7th nni\ nth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. "GOLDSTEIN-Elegant, stylish dresses*
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 88.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 910 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranc*
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced sh»
will ievf»al every hidden mystery In ilfe; sh.
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
ctolen or burled property: locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hour*
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.: perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
epeclal terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market at., opp. Sixth.
MRS. MOORE. 1346 Market St.. trance medium:
reads your thoughts; tells you just what you
want to know: reunites the separated ; changes
luck: locates burled treasures: causes speedy
and happy marriages with the one of your
choice; all letters with a stamp enclosed
■ promptly answered; ladles, 50c; hours 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalrv. : sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
C. V. MILLER, seance, 8 p. m. : 25c: to-morrow
12 o'clock. Mother Sadie seance. 409 Leaven-
worth st. " • . ..
MME. HANSON arrived; palmist; card-reader;
past, present and future: 25c. 14S Sixth St.,
room 10.
CIRCLE to-night, 8 o'clock. C. Mayo Steers.
U_H Oak St., readings. $1. _
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents.
25c. 221 Sixth st. :-• y-'-. ;
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. LENEMAR— t-ld by planets;
predicted "74" overdue str. 23% Sixth, rm. 6.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. ,
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions: L.. 25c: G.. SOc; no sign. 3 <tn.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently: buslnes*
advice: names given; 2,'> c up. 5 Fourth «t
MRS. DR ANNA THOMAS— in ncr pro-
f ession : never falls: advice: _»>. 923 Post.
CHFAPEST and best in America— Week.v
Cnll Sent to any address In the United'
States or Canada one year for $1 £0. postaga
fr*»
SPIRITUALISM.
MME™ YOUNG'S convlnrinz test circle to-
night: 10c Gi\* McAllister st.; fine music.
MRS SHRINI-R. clairvoyant for business ami
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister. hour 3 10-4. ■
MRS KLLIS. medium: 233 Valencia St.; rea<l-
"ings' $1: clr. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m. Sat.. 8: 25c.
MRS J.-J. WHITNEY, trnnce test medium.
232 Ftockton -«t. : old No. 218. • . .
MRS SHAFFER, test and buslnes.s medium;
sittings dally. 123U Sixth , St.. room 14.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. IT" Haicht st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 4021.4 Geary: hypnottmn tauarht;
dlpljmas issued: diseases and habits cured.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— rurniture. . carpets, pianos
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1022
_ Mission st.. al ye Sixth; cpen evenings.
AT lowest rate;— Household goods, pianos;
vances made; fireproof building. ■ F W
ZEHFUSS. S4O Uission st. Tel, Mint 1821. *
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage"/* Moving Co •
office. Tenth and Market : telephone South 165.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEL'MAN
_J2l Sixth st.^open evenings. '
SEWING' MACHINES.' *JS: "
$2 MONTHLY-Rented, repaired. "boughtTsol?
machine supplies. 113 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.'
• ALL kinds . bought, . sold, exchanged, rented
repairing: lowest. rates. 205 Fourth st. .
PHYSICIANS.""" r ~~~ ~
__/_l£__f. D 2_ NELU OJl^ e and~rTsTde"n"c^r
120« Market; diseases of women a specialty!TJI INKS, CHANCES.
M3O— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; aver-
agi receipts J-. nice living rooms: rent $15;
stand ruttest Investigation: trial given; owner
: leaving city. WILKE, 783 Market st.
ADJUSTABLE window shade holder— Are now
lully prepared to Bell State rights on the
most reasonable terms; this has no opposi-
tion; sells at sight; hlKhly appreciated and
recommended by the leading people of the
nited States and Caniuia; write at once
and -et your choice •i States. WILKE. 753
Market st.
A-$2OO-COKXER saloon with 3 club rooms;
south of Market st. ; rent $20; stock will value
tho price: rare chance, WILKK. 753 Market.
»W3r>— CORNER saloon, llshed and kept by
■v.wntT la years; one block from Chronicle
™",i ,'-"£• ,,mi,^ n i, $ - C ' ; Sreat bargain. See
li.ix E, r&3 Market st.
IHJO--BAKERY and confectionery, connected
with hotel 30 rooms, d'.nlng-room, etc.. In
lively country town about SO miles from city;
3 wagons, 6 horses, 3 cows; rent $70- lease
first-class, paying business: buildings and
furnltura new; sickness mpels sale. Partl-
£" ' --fß_of W 1 LK E__7_S3 Market st.
f 7i >ART: >"F-" X wanted in old-establlshi ami
1; - ! - '8 I • few .1 -s from aaus
Sprtckela • uirdlng; the best otter for the
HKht party; clear pront $150 per month guar-
gntfgyg See t WILKE. 753 Market st.
s^-jTIIE best located restaurant on Market
■•;. Uo:iir a nrst-class paying business; rent
**•• . other business compels owner to sell;
"- rar * chance. WILKE, 753 Market sU
y SALOON; only day business; choicest 10-
■ation in this city: rent $40: daily receipts
»".: large stock; fine Rxtures; owner com-
\T\ , 0- to I<llve the city ut once. Particulars
VVTLKE. 7i>3 ; Market st.
A,- KREDO .Vr CO.. Successful Brokers, 22^4
'■t.-ary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
W.>- Grocery and t>ar; Bne cor.; living rooms.
S "**-Hom« restaurant; finest; bfst paying.
$325— Combination store; grocery; restaurant,
•furnished flat. ■ ■'
$>0— Stationery, books, Call and laundry
office.
JpOOO-^-Florlst and nursery; 2 acres under glass.
$2100— Book bindery: best equipped on coast.
J4500--Ptea.nl laundry; plant and buildings.
$700-^Photograph Kallery; oldest on coast,
rslsor $150— Corner s-i'loon: ilue In stock; dally re-
e<-i|ns $15; a snap. KREDO & CO.
MT.in-MEPICAL Mf inc. ;- 23.000 shares; par
value $1; larß« salary' for ricrht man: value
in .stock. KREDO & CO.. Z2V 2 Geary st. -
\Ki:r.v si . notions: good living rooms:
m dally. receipts S3. KREDO & CO., 22V;, Geary.
S4S<>— BEST shooting llery; cigar stand pays
rcjq; cleas $150. X KEDO & CO..- 22»i Geary.
*3o'— BARBER shop; Western "Addition; 3
chairs; i»»nt $3u: business and stock would
JUStI investment of $500; proof funilshci
Jhrough trial. M. LESS, 765 Market Bt.
PAYIKQ provision store; 3 furnishe-1
rooms; fine location: big outside route; horse
and ■ gon; genuine bargain. M. Lt> 765
Market Et.
t-300— 'AKTNER wanted in saioon on principal
street, near Market; good-paying busme-s
must be sober man; trial allowed. M. LESS,
765 M.irkft St.
A— SS'.O— CORNER grocery and bar: without
do/jbt one of the best business corners.
*200— Partner; wanted: commission business. ,
$3<A>— Saloon; -established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons. bakeries and '
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
VIN< i grocery: fresh stock; fixtures, horse.
''.•a.B'on: doing good cash business; satisfactory
reasons for Belling; price $S00; sell by inven-
tory : good estment. J. P. JOHNSTON &
CO., )-:2 Broadway. ' lakland.
_A\tVNTED^In good town. 75 to 150. miles from '
t-a.n Francisco, well-located hotel of 40 or
wore rooms. Address box 1692,- Call office.
A£< old-established business; doing a large
DUslnees; clears $200 to $250 per month; thor-
ough investigation. Box 1691. Cull office.
TO let— Completely furnished 10-room house.
1«?*t garden and family resort. MRS. BOEK-
KLMANN, Lorin Station. Berkeley.
A— s3oo; PARTNER wanted: $1S to $30 a week
eafh; no revious experience require 9
Geary st, room 2.
MAN with $75 cash wants to go int i some busi-
ness that will give him a living. Bo* 16V»
Call Office.
FRITH and easily store for sale cheap; owner
leaving on account of other business. 136
k| Powell- st. , * •/ «^^
OluD-ESTABLISHED corner store, with fix-
tures for grocery and bar. 12th and Folsom.
VAXTKD-Ooml har.fi or small steam laundry;
Oakland or Berkeley. Box 1C&0, Call office.
FOR SALE— Half interest in blacksmith shop;
•party must be a Christian. 205 Eighth st.
OLD corner grocery and bar fixtures complete,
rent $25. Appply Hibernia brewery.
[WHOLESALE grocers' quotations wanted. Ad- !
dress box 1627, i 'aJI office. . . • j
CANDY store for sale at 2706 Twenty-fourth st.. j
Odd 2017 Iraore. ;»;;>« ■.- . ....... .. I
FOIt SALE SmaII, complete printing office; 1
__haU orlKiYial price, -, Market St., room 19. |
$130 invested actually earns 35 .->er cent weekly
profits; mr« chance; -no stock or Klondike
scheme: safe enterprise; control capital your- ,
gelt D.Ploane, 110 St. T>aul st.. Baltimore.Md.
PAINT shop cheap; or ladders and staging !
separate: established 40 years. 50 O'Farrell. j
FINK saloon on front tor woman or man. i
National Brewery. ■ .
PARTNER in a good manufacturing business: j
capital required, from $'.000 to iIO.OOO. full i
iimount to be Invested In the business; every- I
thing ready to operat< : open to fullest inves-
tigation. Address Manufacturer, box 1719,
Call office. ;
■ M' rco.
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
.lng coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.: larcre and small tracts, For further in- j
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 hronl- I
cle building, representing the Int. Land and i
Col. Co. of Mexle-j City, Mexico. ' " I
SUCCESSFUL' and lons-cstablished plumWng |
busiru-ps offered for sale: rood opportunity
for or.c or more parties; s^od reason for sell-
ing: nnd ince aj-kfd Is a!l In si^ht in up-to-
flate st')ck; principals only need appty. Box
1712. Call.
S3OCO WILL buy on* of the b<?st-r>ayinn- small :
hotel and saloon businesses in Vallejo: owner
wishes to retire. Inquire of CHARLES
SEEMAN, r.U Kearny st.
FOR SALE— Restaurant on strfot cur line; a
bareain. Inquire sit 7.".3 M.-irkft st.. bas incnt. '
AN Interest In a good-paying Incorporated •
lieer-bottlln? cumpuny. having Sole agency in !
city. Inquire 1528 Mission st.
51 On— NO offer refused; must Fell Immediately^ j
laundry route, horse, v.agon, etc. Apply 2SSI •
Sixteenth st. ;
2 VALUABLE moth< lode mining claims for
sale or exchange, i^uite IG9, Grand Hotel.
FOR SALE— Millinery store; lished for
many years. Box 1 730. Call Office.
547". — CORNER cerj and bar; Bide entrance;
a bargain: investigate. 19 ost St.
512C0— [MPROVJ placer and quartz mine;
quartz treated free; free water for placer;
satisfactory reasons fur selling. Address box
' 3283, Call office.
|10O— RANCH bakery and notion store 3 fur-
nished living rooms, bath r"om. stationary
washtubs; large yard; rent $12; party going
Eaat; must sell this' week. 2082 Folsom st.
EALOON for Fale, on account of leaving city;
rent $20. 42 S|icar st.
FRUIT Ftore. good trade, transfer corner, for
sale. 2C22 Mission st.. cor. Twenty-second.
GOOD paying restaurant at a bargain. 613
McAllister st.
FOR — Bargain; shoe store; best chance
on ■art!) to secure a good-paying business;
t-hoiee .tlun 50 miles from San Francisco;
population SPOO: dean stock: can be reduced
to MOOO. Address box 3357. Call Office.
YOUR choice of 2 . paying restaurants, for
sale: nable; £»11 or 1303 Castro St. Apply !
Ell CaFtro st.
17" Branch bakery, candy, notions, eggs and
milk: good trade; cheap rent. 521 Howard Bt. j
PAYING saloon' In North Beach district: sell- |
ing on account o| sickness. WICHMAN.
LUTOEN CO., 811 Clay St.
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant In San Jose;
fine location; must be nold. Address S.. c;ire
of Call agency, San Jose. ■
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 utalls: oloV
established: rent reasonable. 2G22 Mission st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN, Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established 18« I. M Pine st.. city.
C — FEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL. & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento »*..
MONTGOMERY. C 27. cor. Clay— Open until 9:39 j
o'tlock: branch office of The Call; subscrip- -
tlons and want ads taken. ; ." .*:-.; -". ■•
: : (Aiii'i:. CI,EA.\iXG.
CITY Steam Carpet eanlng Works; cleans,
r—.ves. lays carpe' C H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250..
WHEN you become disgusted • Ith poor work
send to BPAI7LDING"B Pioneer Carpet- ;
: -niing Works, 183-67 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. reno\ated like n<>w. J.
McQUEEN. 453 . tevensoa «t.: tel. S. 225. •
VANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Buttor;
tel. Main 304. QBO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
.1 WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat- ;
mi.. alteration «ks. McAllister: Jessie 321. j
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relalii at 30.
STItATTON. I Eighth tit.; tel. Jessie 944.
UREAT Eastern . 'am Cnrpet - Cleaning
\Vorkn, ' it Sth, st. It. GIIANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. 1. MITCHELL Cr ->et-Cleaning Co.. Mi 14th
Bt.: cleaning 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74. ...
CONKLIX'S Carpet-Beatlngr Works, KS Qolden ;
Gate aye.; tel. J^atst 126.
LODGINv. HOUSES FOR SALE.
DON'T miss 1f.'14-room house, near Powell st.
clems $50: price ISSO; part cash. - See WIN-
STON 4i CO.. 646 Market St.
WINSTON A CO., 04C MARKKT ST.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms: Sutter st.: offices; payments...} 450 ,
22 rooms; central: Al investment: 0n1y... 850
N rooms ; r-'nt $(«0; corner; fine 1200
£9 rooms; -rent $65; very good 450
2S rooms; rent $.">5: investigate this 350
32 rooms; rent $100; clears $100.. 900
A— KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22Va
! Geary ct. .
j 110 rooms; snfe Investment; clears $250... 54500
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
16 rooms; Market; central; all full 700
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 3£5
'< rooms; Market: offices pay rent ' 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— s3oo; 9 rooms; transient; clears $100; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO., 22'^ Geary.
$250— 2<? ROOMS; transient: biggest snap ever
offered; clears $100. KREDO & CO.. 22>,
Geary Et. ' ' • ' -
; 25- ROOM house; worth $1,710; price..... $650
17- room bouse, in payments
46 rooms; sunny corner l.">oo
is rooms: corner house: new and good 1800
I 17-room house; rent $35: clears $So.' ISO
SS-room house; clears $100: $500 cash 1000
7-room flat; sunny corn.-r 22.">
40-room house; clears $160; must sell 3010
10-room house: new and rood; Ellis st ' S5O
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
For sale. 65-room lodging-house, full
j and pnylnjr must be sold on account of de-
I parture; take part trade. Box 23C0, Call.
| $i(>flJr- LODGING-HOUSE of 16 rooms, well fur-
nished and full of roomers. 136 Sixth Bt.
FOR One garden loam Inquire at GEO. HAN-
; ERKSEN. 510 Guerrero st., near Seventeenth.
i SIXTEEN rooms, nicely furnished;' all rent-
ed Al locution: corner house; 2 entrances.
ApjJy at Call office. . . ' .:. ~
FURNITURE FOit SALE.
FOR SALE— Furnished "cottage of 5 rooms;
complete for housekeeping; cheap rent; no
agents. Apply 1412 Jackson, from 1 to 5 p. m.
FURNITURE Qf 6 rooms for sale cheap. 196
; Shipley st.. corner Filth. '
106 ELEVENTH— Branch offioe of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken. _•
ALASKA ENTERrRISES.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150 of
their fair, via St, Michael; leave May I. Ap-
ply The Gold Star Co.. Mills building, S. F.
WANTED— Reliable man to sell right to pat-
ent of portable folding boat: just the thing
for Klondike; patent applied for; good induce-
ment to riKht man. Box 1672, Call office.
TICKET to Kotzebue Sound for sale; by bark
Mermaid; $'.7.. Owner cannot go. Call 47',i
Clara St., near Fourth. . '
VERY cheap passage 'for man and wife to
Dawson City: some work. Box 1654, Call.
FOR Sale— Cheap; 2 tickets bark Northern
Light, Kotiebue Sound. 116 Berry st., nr. 3d.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
I OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
I launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter »t.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. '
AS wo are selling good upright pianos for $t
I cash and $0 per month, we ask you to- investi-
• pate and approve this method. Prices are the
sameas if purchßHPd for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights uprn same easy
payments and some pood plan for $3. $4 and
$5 pr-r month. SHERMAN. CLAT & CO.,
Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Suu>*r
sts., San' Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the olde«t .-.ml Irrgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other, musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. ■
NKW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled- in San Francisco.
SCOTT-CTJRTA2 PIANO CO. £60 Hayes st.
ARTISTS like Charles R. Sweet and Ilelene
Mora, at th» Orpheum, prefer the Crown
piano. So will you if you call and see them
at HOCKETT _ CO.. 218 Post st.
! A STEINWAY piano for $100; a C! .ckerlng for
i $?0; xamine list of bargains "his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 533 Market st.
SOHMER A CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
. Brifcgs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S. 310.. 312. P05t st.
$400 PRIGHT for 1150; party leaving on the
Ist. Room -■'. 1021 Van Neys aye.
FINK tJecker upright piano; bargain; owner
leaving, city. 1012 Polk si
A FINE Chase i'.p and a Stelnway cheap
for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building-
FINE upright piano sacrificed for cash;' any
! reasonable offer entertained. -833 Castro St.
\ FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
. St.; flat No. 1.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
Ft., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
HORNt'NG's new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.. 7<"° Market st.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price: '2 rer month up:
apply on sale. HEINE, 136 Ellis rt.
AGENCY Ilaines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: iew styles.
KOHLER A CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old j.nd new. H.
MI'I.I.KR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
lICRSES.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all i
kinds: 40 horses must sell. Emporium sales ]
yards, 220 Valencia st., T. P. NEVILE:
4<> TTor»r . 3 for sal»: also wagons, buggies,
ca^ts. harneFS: Grand Arcnde Horse- Mar-
ket, 32" Sixth «t., auction sa'.es pv»rv Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FRESH milch cows, driving horses A donkeys
for Fa!e cheap. Horan's Yds., 10th '& Bryant.
Jt'ST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st.: niiction every Tuesday.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. •
KCIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie- !
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
.for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and opeo
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
I'OK SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
NOTICE to physicians— The office- fixtures, In-
cluding library and surgical Instruments, be-
longing t'> the estate of the late liR. ED-
WARD PARSON, and now contained in
rooms 24 and 26. Phelan building, are for
sale. Bids or offers for the same will be re-
relved up to Ma.y 2, IKBB. at the of flee, of the
undersigned. A. C. FREESE, administrator
of the estate of EDWARD PARSON, de-
ceased, at room 35, Chronicle. building, where
full information In regard to Ihe same can be
obtained. A. C. FREEBE, "neclal Adminis-
trator of the estate of EDWARD PARSON',
deceased. ;
A PAIR solitaire diamond earrings,' weighing
V karats, reduced to $2JO. UNCLE HAHUIB,
15 Grant aye. • ■-. - _
SINGER sewing machine, 7 drawers, onk fin-
ish, nearly new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.
FOR, — Cheap; young fresh .lersey cow; yel-
' low. Army St.. near 20th-st. hospital.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124' Mission; Tel So. 757.
A— sloo "COLE" banjo, considered the finest
make; finished in the most elegant style; will
be slaughtered for $33. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
CHEAP— A Phoenix bicycle in -perfect order.
Apply box 1699, -Call office. . ■ '
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
LAUNCH 29 feet long: Al model; oak top
strake; sugar pine deck and covered In; with
or without engine. Apply at 4 Falmouth st.,
7 to 9 p. m., or Lee's Boathouse, Long Bridge.
FOR Counters, art-glass,' sidewalk ele-
vator, granite steps, etc., at the Louvre,
corner Powell and Eddy sts. ; •
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods; new. 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, ■ coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store  and
' office furniture' and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1013-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth. ■•
FOR Bale — $5 up; good second-hand, sewing
■ machines: bargains In new muchlnes which I
: have been returned for non-payment.' A. C.
■ BROWN, 13W Market st.
GAR fixtures'- very low: large assortment; 1
•nnd : 2-bowl bnrber washstands. cheap. - HUF- ,
HCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. •_
FN'GINE boiler, dynamo, motor, h^lts and
pump. H. B. WHITE. 518 Mission st.
SAFES—New and second-hand; ch»*jper , than
• . ever:.' j Hermann Pafe Mafc; . r >33 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
' Vises: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F\
< A J'HOPHONES. - $10; Records, - $:. per Aoz. ;
Projectoscope. $100. liaclgalupi. 033-946 , Mrkt. .
COFFEE" mill, scale. • hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap.- 102 Clay st. ■
BARS, -showcases, counters, ■. shelving. etc.,
bought and Bold. 1083 Mission, near Seventh, j
THE SAN FBAXCISCO- CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 26, 1898.
HOISES TO LET. I
7 ItM, bath; new; or will sell; $200 cash: bal.
$1% mo. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
ALL OVER TOWN —— : - '<
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
lIOWELL. 10 Montgomery. •.
ALABAMA. 1119, near Twenty-fourth— Lower
Bat. 4 rooms and bath; $14.
ELEGANT S-room houses: Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE >v REMMEL. 62S Market st.
LAGUNA, 1715 — House of 8 rooms .and bath,
yard, basement; latest improvements; . $30. ,
NATOMA. 252. near Fourth— rooms, every
convenience; rent $7. : . •; ; • J
SUNNY 7-room house; modern; rent cheap.
724 Broderick St., near McAllister.
TWENTY-TIT IRI\ 2754, near Hampshire—
rooms; yard; rent $16.
1 LKNISHEI) HOLSEH.
AT Sutter, 717, near Taylor— Choice: elegant;
sunny; appreciated If seen: please ■ investi-
gate; or furniture for sale cheap; optional. ■
$100 A MONTH, furnished, 10 rooms and bath.
810 Taylor st. Call bet. 1:30 and 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BAKER, 1310— Sunny cottage of 4 rooms; large
yard; • stable; suitable tor expressman.
SUNNY cottagesof 4 und 5 rooms, bath, base-
mer.t, yard, cheap. -. 1576 15th St.. near Dolores.
FL.-vTS TO LET.
A— want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special Inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent,
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market St.
A NICE flat of 6 rooms and bath to let at 527
Pos: ?t., rent $26. ■ . ■■
A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott: 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
CHEAPEST' fIats in the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $1S and $20; Capp St., bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FLAT 3 sunny rooms; newly renovated. 207
Shipley st. ' . • "
FOLSOM Three rooms and bath; rent
very cheap. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
KAIGHT, 792, corner Scott— A sunny modern
new flat, 7 rooms and bath.
MI XX A. 72^— Flat, 6 large rooms, .bath; in
good order; $16.
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; yard, cellar.
3S Sharon, nr. 15th, bet. Sanchez and Church.
NEW flat of 7 rooms and bath; all modern
Improvements. 3435 20th st., near Capp.
NICE sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath: stable for
2 horses; rent reasonable. Cor. Twenty-fifth
and Bryant sts. ■£
NINETEENTH, 3954, corner Lovely sunny
lower modern 4-roqni flat; $14; water free.
OAK, 331B— Modern sunny flat, 7 rooms; rent
reduced. • ;. : ••-...-
PEARL, 27, off Market, near Valencia—
flat of 3 sunny rooms In rear, $S. j
PINE. 1225. near Hyde— Sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath; rent SIS.
POND, 47, off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern sunny 5-room flat;
$15; water free.
SHOTWELL, 6, near Fourteenth— sl4; sunny
lower flat; 4 rooms, bath and yard. 3
STEVENSON. 733— Flat. 7 sunny rooms and
bath, Including 2 kitchens; rent $16.
SULLIVAN, 221. near Btanyan— s rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms, in good order: 1259 Fol-
Bom St., ne,ar Ninth: also store and 3 rooms,
yard and cellar; rent $12; 1257 Folsom st.
$3— FLAT Of 4 sunny rooms, for a small
family. 1025 Minna st., bet. 11th and 12th.
CHEAPEST rent in city; 5 sunny rooms
and bath. 837 Alabama st.
$12— NICE sunny flat for small family; bay
view; 3 rooms, bath, porch, basement, back
garden; water free; 111 Cherry st. Apply 112
Qolden Gate aye. . ,
$15— FLAT, double parlors, dining room and
kitchen. 45 Herman St., Junction Market and
V al encla.
$IS— SUNNY flat, C rooms, enamel bath and
sink: all modern improvements; with room
for horse and wagon; $20. Apply 141 Chat-
tanooga St.. next door. ■
$20—2 NEW, modern sunny flats. f. choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde st.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FUR.MSIIKD I'UTS.
818 GROVE. bet. Webster and Flllmore— Sunny
furnished flat; 8 rooms; piano; flower garden;
Ftnhl" if desired; rent reasonable; references
given and required.
FURNISHED flat; 7 rooms, bath, piano, tele-
phone, basi>m»M, yard; "elegint." 715 Taylor.
$5& — ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner flat, 771 Pierce st., cor. McAllister. No
admittance' without p-.-mit from C. J. CAMP-
BELL & CO.. 224 Montgomery st.
HOISEKEEIMNG ROOMS.
FIFTH, 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; bath, stove, closet; priv. $10.
FIFTH. 325—3 furnished housekeeping, $13;
double, $7 to $8; 2 parlors,- kitchen, bath, $22.
FOLSOM, C46— Nice large front suite, complete
for housekeeping;- quiet family; yard.
FOLSOM, 863— nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, unconnected; cheap.
FOLSOM. 974— Sunny housekeeping room, com-
plete; rent reasonable; also single room.
FOURTH," 225— Furnished rooms to let for
housekeeping; also plngle. '
FULTON, Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; ••private family. |
GEARY, 1812*4 3 comfortable furnished rooms I
for housekeeping; modern; $15. -
GOLDEN GATE aye., 622—3 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; parlor floor.
GROVE. 22, cor. Van Ness— Sunny unfurnUhed
3-room suites, with gas stove.
HOWARD. KS (The Hanover)— Two nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms, $10 per
month. ■
HYDE, 511— Large sunny front room, furnished
for houiv-keeplng; running water; closet; pri-
vate family.
LARKIN 522— Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas stove; also single room.
LEAVENWORTH. F.l7 — Unfurnished rooms for
light housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH. 811, near Sutter— 4 sunny
rooms; furnished; yard; bath; $16.
MARKET, 1028—3 rooms, furnished complete,
$12; part rent taken In board.
MINNA. 2SI, corner Fourth— Front furnished
housekeeping, cheap; also double and ftingle.
MINNA, Two nicely furnished housekeep-
ing room*. : ■ : . .
MISSION, 923>,4— Completely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; gas and bath; quiet.
NATOMA. COO, near Seventh— nice furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
NINTH. 21— Sunny suite of rooms for house-
keeping; running water; stove.
NINETEENTH, 4134, corner Castro— front
sunny unfurnished rooms for housekeeping,
$7: or furnished, $10" use of kitchen, $2 extra;
bath and garden.
NOE, 151— Furnished, 2 bay-window rooms;
sunny; gas range, grate, bath; $14.
O'FARRELL, 431— Sunny suite of rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping. •
I'OLK, 1302 — or 3 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; upper flat.
SIXTEENTH, 2000. corner Mission— Furnished
front room with grate; use of . kitchen and
yard; rent $8.
SOUTH PARK. 90—2 o r 3 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; $7 and $1); also unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
SUTTER, 2620— Sunny unfurnißhed parlors;
kitchen, laundry; use of bath; yard. ' ■
TENTH, Nice large eunny rooms, complete
for .housekeeping. __
THIRD, 309 — Furnished room, complete for
housekeeping, $5; suites, $7 a month.
TWELFTH, 230 C— very nice furnished house-
keeping rpomn; gaa stove; select locality; pri-
vate family.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
' Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton' st. Trunks
moved to any part of city. }3c; phone, Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
eunny rooms, en nuite and single; flrst-claa*
In every renpeet; terms reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton sunny suites and single rooms,
facing plaza.; baths; by day or month.
CLEMENTINA,' 454, near Sixth— Single or
double sunny rooms; furnished; private fam-
ily; rent reasonable, : 
DELAWARE, 11.11 Market— Furnished singl*
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo.: nice sultei.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single - room for . gen-
tleman; $5 &0. .•--■■■ -
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
60c to $1; week. $2 to $6: families. . .-;
EI>I»Y, 614— One lrage and two small sunny
rooms,' newly furnished: large closets, fold-
ing-bed, gas, bath; $6, $S and $10; clean and
ciuiet. ■
EIGHTH, 104— Sunny front single room t b
private family; bath; $5 per month.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. »»
\ELLIS. • 110,-The Sausallto— A suite of sunny
front rooms, with use of kitchen if desired. . i
ELLIS. 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and. suites for gents, $1 50 to $S week.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl per week; fur- i
nished rooms. . :.. . : '!**
franklin. 201— Newly furnishod sunny !
front rooms ;• private, quiet family; bath; $S
m0nth. ..... *
FULTON. 3. opp. City . Hall— sunny
rooms; $S mo. up; bath and pas.
GEARY, sr"6— Large sunny bay-window, rooms; '
suites, double and single rooms; iS month up.
GEARY. 622— Large sunny bay-window room;
also single rooms; bath and gas.
GEARY, 733— Private; bright suite and 1 single
room: newly furnished.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mlosion: select family ■
- rooming house; $150 to $& per week. •
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
j Euitef; single: sunny reading room: 25c up.
HYDE. GO3: Sutter, 715-717-719-Fumlshed and
unfurnished; choice and sunny: reasonable.
KKAKNV. 23— What pleasant rooms; , cheap;
inv:.°'.igate. •
LEAVENWORTH. 109— Lar?a sunny double
room, suitable for 2; reasonable.
MASON, IS (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished j
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites. :
$4 to $G; baths: hot water; transient; elevator.
MCALLISTER, 511— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month. -
MINNA. ''•'"■. cor. Eighth—Newly furnished bay- i
window room, $1 -» week. |
MISSION*. 1241—2 or four connecting nicely i
furnished rooms; stove; yard.-
NINTH, S5-Near Market,' unfurnished front I
room. $4 per month. ':.'.- V.-. ■ •'.'
O'FARRELL, , 210 A —Runny bay-window front
room. $12; other rooms. $S and $10.
O'FARRELL, — New management,' new fur-
; niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
sin?;l'» rooms; bath and gali; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 424—2 or 3 comfortably furnish-
ed sunny rooms to let; reasonable; private
family. ■• ■
POST, 426— Newly furnished sunny, rooms.
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect.
PROSPECT place. 123— Two double front rooms,
$6 and $S: tingle room $1: private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st..
near Mark"t: furnished nnd unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136- funny front bay-window room;
bath and gas; other rooms; 51 per. week up.
STEVENSON, 253, between Third and Fourth-
Large rooms, good light, suitable for tailors.
STEVENSONi 642, bet. 7th and Bth— Furnished
front room for 1 or 2; housekeeping if de-
sired; bath: central. ■ . . . :.-• . -i •
SUTTER,. 407— 2 single rooms, $."> each.
SUTTER. 715-717-719; Hyde, 609— Furnished and
unfurnished: choice and sunny; reasonable.
SUTTER. Cleani comfortable rooms; sin-
gle, suites, also housekeeping; reasonable.-
TAYLOR. 407— T0 let, two large, bunny front
rooms; furnished. '..:.' . . . -
$1 WEEK; large sunny furnished room; closet;
bath; private. 314 Fifth st.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
GALINDO hotel. Oakland— l'p to the times;
large sunny suites from $12; single rooms
from $C: board optional; hanrly to all trains.
ELEGANT sunny r"onms;.ntw house; new fur-
niture; als>. first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Slrius, 1505 Stockton.
FOLSOM. Dll-Swedlfh private boarding, with
room. $4 to J.'. per week: nice location.
FULToN. B*3 (The Mlzpah)— A qui>t .family
hotel: modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional- table: terms reasonable.
HANDSOMELY furnished double parlor; every-
thing very latent; suitable for a doctor or
dentist: Including breakfast; .tel. 522 Bush st.
HYDE, 408- Double and single rooms; first-
class board; SpanUb; $36 a month up.
HYDE. P2s— Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds; B^lect location. Mrs, Brotherton.
SOUTH PARK. 159 Good table (Ard, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUNNY rooms, newly furnished, with board;
summer rates. . Apply SOS Van Ness aye.
BUTTER, 1128 — Sunrty suite: Finsl<* rooms: first-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern;, newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. u.IOfc-Urnnch office at Th» Call.
Subscript lorn* and wnnt nd* tnk*n. ■
CHILDREN* HOARDED.
WANTED, by a German widow, a child to
board: hralt'hy locality and best of care. Ad-
dress box I7JB, Call Office. .■ , . .
AN elderly lady will take Infants tr> board: a
mother's rar^: rrfTenrpp. 234H' Sixth »t.
STORES TO LET.
SIXTH, 538— Store 3 rooms; . yard; rear en-
trance; rent. $11. : ' ; . .
STORE, 2 rooms, basement, yard; fixtures If
desired. 3r,G Third st. " . . ■ . '
TO Let—Store, 226 Ellis Ft.; rent $15.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladlen-C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
tO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
nnteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; Rure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies: adopted; travelers treated; no
Oelay: -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fldemial. DR. AND MRS.. M. DAVIES, 59
McAlllßter st. ; pills, $2. .
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef- I
fects- taken in time it also actK as a pre- I
ventlve; price $160. per boxy, sent free by 1
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all j
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye... S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.. - v
A TREATMENT that restores ; all cases of
monthly Irregularities from whatever cause)
. in rt few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used:
home In confinement: cure $3; pills $1; every
case guaranteed; consultation free and con-
- fidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 20S Turk st., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all femal*
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those Pick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MR3.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk St.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladles, near
or far, consult free, only doctor .who ■ uses
Echenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe. sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities; any cause: restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tlce: home: best skill; low; fees: pills,' $2.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; Bafe, reliable; take
no other; 1 send 4c stamps, for particulars.
"Relief for Lcidies," letter by return mail; at
druggists -Chichester Chemical Co., P-hlla.
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's (Irregulari-
ties, menstruation, Ptc, "Whatever the cause
may be; treatment by mail, or call at Pr.
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027 Market st. $5
and 110 capsules will be mailed upon request.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own phygl-
cian for female troubles, no matter- what
cause; restore in 1 day; never fails: consulta-
tfon free; can be sent and used at home. DXt.
POPPER, 31S Kcarny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases, of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instrument!! used; cure at
office, $5; consultation free;' hours 10 to 5.
■ & 7 to 8. DR. and MRS, KOHL, 1118 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$160. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
.- facturlng.Co..»63l X st.. Sacramento. Cal. ;
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to 'ladles -with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure;. s2 50;
express. C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal. ,
DR. . HALL, 59 McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-
' men and children . •
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 3-8 years' experience. 254H Fourth et.
HOME In confinement: diseases .of . women.
MRS. FUNKE. 1418 Bth »t.. Alameda.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions nnd want ads tn'ten. .-.'-..
LOST. »
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of v San Frnnciseo, ■ In the
name of AGNES HILLHON; No. 216,375.. The
finder will please return to bank. .
LOST— Black silk sash bow, , going or coming
from chutes- Sunday. evening. •< Finder will be
rewarded by returning to southeast cor. Con-
nectlcut and Santa Clara sts., Potrero.
LOST— At St.- Mary's Cathedral, lady's. purse,
containing notes of value to no • one but
owner. Return to 1532 Ellis st. : reward.
AT Cliff House. . Sunday, April 24, i lady's sold
.-.watch;--;. Return to 23 Powell st ; $10 reward..
LOST— Japanese spaniel. Return to 906 Devis-
; adero st.; liberal reward. : ' .
LOST— April . 24, Cleveland bicycle, '98 model;
plate No..- 89; No. 107,603,' DAVIS, 508 'Jonea.
CITY RE -L ESTATE. ,;;.;.
NICE home. $?00; several fine level building
lots, $12$ up. Red Flag, Six-Mile Station, San
Bruno road. Howard-st. cars. •.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath and all the latest
. improvements; , terms to, suit: lot 26:3x100.
. Apply, at premises, 2527 ■ Harrison St., bet.
21st and 22<L
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
63S . Market Et., San Francisco. ' '
SWEENY RANCH. .
Near Redwood City, San Mateo County; In
tracts of 100 acres or lees; rich soil; pler.ty of
water; this property Immediately adjoins Red-
wood City and is only 1 hour's ride from San
Francisco; suitable for small home farms;
price below all former quotations and upon
unusually easy terms.
FOR RENT.
A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME.
Situated> in the foothills west of Stanford
University, overlooking the Santa Clara Val- |
ley and the bay; handsome furnished house of j
12 rooms, bath, etc. ; fine spring water, fruit I
trees, stable and outhouses; will rent for a I
term of years; only 30 miles from San Fran- j
Cisco.
$1400— Choice Income property In Redwood '
City; half block of land; good house and barn. |
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market tt., Sun Francisco, or Branch Office,
Redwood City.
$2500-^-4 ACRES, black loam: 5-room hard-fin-
Ished house: barn and chicken house; 15
minutes' walk from poKtof flee: will trade for 1
house in Western Addition or Mission of San 1
Francisco. YOUNG A ,BINACHI. Petaluma.
TO Rent— Best sheep ranch In the State; plenty
feed; 1000 acres; on the coast; near railroad.
For particulars address JOHN BRANT, Sea
View, Sonoma County, Cal.
WRITE for list; (rood land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
Birrt^rrFuTTyoMiTirT^
Villa lotß ari acreage; easy terms; 4s minute*
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN ,
LAND TRT'PT CO.. 132 Market st. |
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$ISOOt-LOT 25x125. with. house of f, rooms; brick I
foundation: hli-'h basr-ment; street graded and
sewerfd; in San Francisco; exchange for 1 to
3 acres of improved land with house of 5
or 6 rooms, between San Mateo and Mount-
ain View. AddresK box 1764, Call office.
HOUSE and large lot in Napa City, clear, for
city property. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $i>; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years; |
teeth without plates, crown and . bridge work
our specialty.; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
teeth per set, $5 to. $10; gold fillings, $1 up; i
silver, 60c up; artificial teeth repaired, $1 up;
■ our crown and bridce work is the best;
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 1.
M 9 Mission St., cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUIF HILL, 1443 Market st., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plate 3 are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per pet; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W..LEEK, genuine Leek dent- j
ist, discoverer of . painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
•of teeth, $5 Up; fillings, 2."c up; all Work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth. '
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market, Academy of
Sciences bldg., sth floor; painless dentistry.
L. A. TEAGUE, Al.A 1 . CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bMg., Cth floor, rms. 608-607.
ALL work reasonable -and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 .Market Bt. ■■■ .
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk _t
MOXEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at G',£ per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods hi warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS en furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land Or'Alameda, at ' lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. .1.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. • .
$5 UP to ' any amount "on -indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny'st.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, ! 948 Market st. ; , tel. Green . 204.
ON furtiiture, pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: 410 commission; $25 up;
private party; BONNELLI. ISO Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture, or pianos, .any amount;
lowest rates. liecker & Co., 32S Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commis.; low Interest. Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
ANY sum. Ist or 2,1 mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 608 California fit.
$.'O TO $150,000: lowest rate's; Ist and 2d mortg.;
. any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and cduntry: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, ' furniture: no removal; lowest
rat»s; no com.: private. 116 McAllister st. S
FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
r*tP<«. '«"MeAFT!R r.P.OS.. 10S Mnnte-nm«ry at.
PAWNBROKERS.
I B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
! Office. 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy.
I 815 LARKlN— Branch office of. the Call. Sub-
•criptlnns nnrt want nds taken.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and isnted; few partly
• used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER S: CO.. l! 0 Montgomery
' BICYCLES.
HUMBER bicycle In good condition. -409' Ma-
rket st., peeond floor. < ■•■■ •■■ ■ -■-■■
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. XV. DAVIDSON. 927. Market »t.
. , PROPOSALS. .
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— office. Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, IS9B. ■
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is ; hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and speellieations for
the erection Of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, : Sep-
tember 12, 1593, between ■ the houm of 2-30
and '3 o'clock. •>• > ■ • : ■
• The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed .of stone or brick
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required as to , construction and
sanitation, e<iual to, it' not' superior, to any
building designed or. contracted for hospital
purposes, as are Indorsed by medical author-
ity as being Indispensable in the construction
of such a building.
The sa,id ho*pltal building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and 'approved by the
Board of Health described us follows:
, Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
' ncr of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north alone
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet-
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550J
feet; thence • due south seven hundred and
Blxty-flve (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse. Iract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
• house Tract five hundred and fifty (650) feet
'to the point of commencement; .containing
8.659 acres. r > ;■•*■-.« ■_ ■■■_.■
The said plans and specifications to be bo
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate^ the mm O f three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
Bum must covar the entire expense for the
erection . and completion of .j the .proposed
NOTICE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plan^ and specifications for
: said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building,, the statute re-
quiring eight (S) hours to constitute a day'a
. work with a minimum rate or wages of two
(12) dollars per day. for persons employed on
eald building, With the distinct understanding
that no plans or Fpeclrications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. /Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent' of the building at a compensation of five
(5i per cent of the total cost, and. will be re-
quired to give a rood and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the, case may be, to Insure the
completion" apd .construction of the said
building for., the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the board to be second, third
and fourth In morit will receive premiums of
$100 d. $750. and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may _be considered
useful or necessary be embodied In the plan*
- adopted may be used without further cost or
char*e. JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
OAKLAND' ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$75 LOT, worth $130. in the Alle- dale Settle-
ment, East Oakland; S5 cash. $5. monthly;
build your own home or we will build it for
you; payment as rent; all rtreets graded,
some macadamized: 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best; calf or cend for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carrige free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND MOUSES TO LET. ~
HOUSES TO LET IN OAKLAND^
Corner cottage. 5 rooms JIT
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 12
Upper modern fiat. 6 rooms 14
2-story neat 6-room house IS
Choice sunny 8-room house  22
10-room residence, fine 50
These and many more, both larger and
f mailer. WM. M.DEWOLF. 105? Broadway.
OAKLAXD ROOMS.
3 OR 4 elegantly furnished rooms for lipht
housekeeping;, bath, piano,- horse and buggy, !
for desirable couple with private lady; no j
children. 637 Twenty-second st., Oakland.
PLEASANT rooms; one of the most desirable
homes In Oakland; near, narrow gauge sta-
tion. 14,25 Franklin «t.
FURNIFTiED rooms for rent In ' Abrahamson !
bldtr. SE. cor.]3th & Wash. Abrahamson Bros. :
BAY-WINDOW ruite; stab, dentist's office; i
also complete housekpc r: is. 856 Broadway.
TRANSIENT rooms. 50c to $1 nlplit; also by '■
the month. S2r Market. U block from" station. '
OAKLAXD ROOMS AXD BOARD.
4 ELEGANT sunny rooms; corner house; fur- :
riished; with or without board. NW. corner i
10th aye. and 11th St., E. Oakland, nr. station. '.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot - and cold water; I
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. 562 Eighth st. j
FIFTEENTH. 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms, J
with board: private; large yard.
OAKLAND HOt'SKKKKI'IM; BOOMS.
FIFTEENTH, 615— Sunny furnished flat; three
hkpg rms; bath; central; grounds; $20; adults.
OAKLAXD f URXITURE FOR SALE, i
FURNITURE and household poods very cheap
this week. . SCHELLHAAS' old store. 401
Eleventh St.. Oakland. ;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. I
__^_____ i
ALAMEDA | REAL ESTATE.
ipECI AL NO r-~— -r .
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. Jl7OO, $1800, r:00. $2600. $3000.
The above are Jovely cottages, which have
been thrown on '• market for non-payment
of installments, and they ire now offered at a
freat sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished vjp to date;
alnv new, and located near schools and sta-
tions. <;---
We are going to weed them out and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
5750 — Lot 60x270; modern cottage 6 rooms, near
Bchoolhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35xMO; good housa of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850-$l5O cash; $25 per month: lot 40x150: only !
2 blocks from station and nlirn school.
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park ft.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR RENT— Furnished or unfurnished; 1 or 2
years; new house; 7 large sunny rooms: all ]
latest Improvements; large lawn; nice neigh- i
borhood: nc-rir Enninal station. 1378 Weher St. j
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold; S lots,, each 23x123; sewered and
all ready for building; only $130 each; also a \
comfortable 4-room cottage; lot 40x130; street
.work done; 'close to cars; only $800; a snap. |
O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
NEW houso of 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire '258 Fourth, corner Foleom.
EDVCATIOXAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
' surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
• graduates placed 6lnce 1592; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc.;
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES Business College, 723 Market st. :
individual instruction in shorthand, typing, I
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write forcirculr.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a i
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, Sso Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
.Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
lng, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.:
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate; French,
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
MONTGOMERY, 027. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions ami witnt »d« taken.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Monday, April 25.
Stmr WhHeshoro, Johnson. 12 hours from
Greenwood; lumber to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, — hours from New-
port and way ports; passengers and merchan-
dise to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 25— Schr Bar-
bara Hernster, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 23— Stmr Corin-
thia. from Boston.
GIBRALTAR— April 25-Stmr Fulda.
for New York.
HAVRE— April 25— Stmr La Cham-
pagne, from New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 25 — Stmr Fries-
land, from New York. ...
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived April 25 — Stmr
Wafflnnd. from Liverpool.
BIRTHS— MARRIAaES— DEATHS,
. BORN.
FRENZELL-In Redlands, April 21, IS9B, to
the wife of Ernest Frenzell, a son. '. .-r<
GILBERT— In this city, April 24, 189S, to the
wife of H. M. Gilbert, a son.
HANEY— Eureka. April IS, 1898, to the wifj
of Patrick S. Haney, a daughter.
LANGFORD— In Eureka. April 14, IS9B, to the
wife of E. C. Langford, a daughter.
LIDSTONE— In Eureka, April 18. 1898, to the
wife of Norton Lidstone, a daughter.
NORDYKE— In San Jose. April 13. 1898, to the
' wife of Louis Nordyke, a son.
POTTER— In this city. April 18, IS9B, to the
wife of Ben F. Potter, a daughter.
WARD— At Elk River Mills. April 16. IS9S, to i
the wife of Walter Ward, a daughter.
~ MARRIED. : . -
KUYKENDALL—WARREN— In Eureka, April
17, IS'.iS, by the Rev. P. J. Macauley. Frank
• Kuykendn.ll and Mrs. Nlra Anne Warren.
TODDHUNTER-ST. LOUIS-In Fresno, April
17, 1S!)8. : by the Rev. Father Barron, George
W. Toddhunter and Harietta St. Louis.
WOOD— BANCROFT— In Redlands. April 21.
IS9S, by the Rev. J. Frank Hamilton, James
D. Wood and Zula Bancroft. •
DIED.
Allendorff. Henry Knox, Myra
■'Attwood, Melville • Lynch, ' Cornelius
Bailey, Mrs. ! S." > McCarty, Paul
: Bamber (infant) McGlew, Thomas . ,
'Barman, Benjamin '. McQualde, < Mary E.
Bell, Emma .-. : i-:. Moore, John.
Bidlnger, Fred C. Nagle, Henry H. ; .' .V;
Brown, L. F. • Nagle,- Richard ■
Burke, Mrs. Ellia Nichols, Josiah
Cook. Jane- . O'Brien, Margaret
. Delger, Frederick O'Day, Annie
Dugan, Addie . . Ochs, John
Elliott, Thomas J. Ormsby, Mrs. Jane
Fitzsimmons, T. Parr, Harry ' -
Freeland, " Mrs. M. .*; Rlley. 1 Fergus . '
■ Hervey, Herman M. . Roeschel. John. ■
Hoag. I. N. ' . Skur, William
Hooper, Mary C. ■ Stack, ' Helena ■
Hughes," John W. . Stolte, Anna
Jones, A. Leroy .-.. . Tipping, William
ALLKNDORFF— In this city, April 25.' 1898.
Henry Allendorff, a native of Pennsylvania,
• apod 63 years.
ATTWOOD— In Berkeley. April ZX IS9B. Mel-
ville, father of Frank and George Attwood
and Mrs. Porter Holmes, a - native . of
Stowbrldge, Worcester, England, aged S6
years S months and 23 days. , .
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are rospect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
' denco, 2154 University avenue, thence to St.
Mark's Episcopal Church, where services
. will be held at 10:43 o'clock. Interment prl-
■ vate. M "■':'... ,'•-" ::-■■:- ■■ :
BAILEY— In San Bernardino, April 14, 1893,
Mrs. Samantha Bailey, aged 61 years 8
I months and 18 days. B
BAMBER— In thi» city, April 189S, Infant
son of Walter E. and Lena Bamber, aged 6
' months and 15 days.
BARMAN— In Eureka, April 2\ IS9B, Ben-
jamin Barman, a native of California, aged
40 years and 10 days. • -, ..■ :
BELL— In this city, April 55. 1898,' Em ma. be-
loved wife of Burleigh C. Bell, and T mother
of Mrs. May Kilcoyne, a native of Virginia,
aged 45 years and 3 months.
(CTFrienda and. acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2853 Sixteenth street,, corner of
• Shotwell. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. Minerva Circle, C. of F., is hereby
notified to attend.
BIDINGER— In this city. April 23, 1898, Fred
C-, beloved son of Sophie and the late Wil-
liam Bidinger. and brother of Edward. Gus,
Charles and Lillian Bidinger and Mrs. Alfred
Hauser, a native of San Franckco, aged 31
years.
BROWN— In the City and County HospltaJ.
April 25, ISOS, L. F. Brown, a nctive of Cali-
fornia.
BURKE— In this city. April 23, 1898. Mrs.
Eliza, beloved wife of the late James Burke,
and loving mother of Thomas F.. John C.
and Cornelius J. Burke and Mrs. Joseph E.
Beyner, a native of Fermoy, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 06 years.
ETTrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlt. ! to attend the funeral this day
(Tuewiay). at S:4O o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. Joseph E. Seyner, 151 Albion avenue,
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth streets.
thf-tiee to Mission Dolores Church, where a
solemn requiem mars will be celebrated for
the reposo of hor soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
COOK— In this city. April 23. IS9S. Jane Cook,
beloved mother of Mrs. E. Ambrose, and
grandmother of Florence. Arthur E., Harriet
J. and Isabel Ambrose, a native of County
Kerry. Ireland, aged S4 years.
■ ET'The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 5.30 o'clock, from the residence
of htr daughter. Mrs. E. Ambrose. 1012 Flor-
ida street, thence 'to St. Peter's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
DELGER-In Oakland. April 23. IS9B. Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Ernestine Delger,
and father of Edward F. Delger, Mrs. Ma-
thilde Brown, Mrs. William Moller and Mrs.
11. O. Trowbridge, a native of Saxony, Ger-
many, aged 76 years l month and 14 days.
IT/ The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
First Congregational Church, comer Twelfth
and Clay streets. Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
DUGAN— In Newark, April 24, IS9B, Addle, be-
loved wife of William Dugan, and mother
of Mabel Dugan, aged 37 years 3 months and
24 days.
ELLIOTT— this city, April 24. 1898, Thomas
J., dearly beloved son of Thomas and Lena
Elliott, a native of Washington, aged 'i.
years and 2 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect--
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. L. Bullard, 1133 Pacific street, near
Jones. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FITZSIMMONS— Tn the City and (ounty Hos-
pital. April 2.".. l<is. Thomas Fitzsimmons, a
native of England, aged 57 years.
FREELAND— In San Jose. April 13. 1898, Mrs.
Margaret Freeland. a native of England,
aged 36 years.
HERVEY— Near San Jose, April 22. ISM, Her-
man Montgomery Hervey. a native of New
York, aged S3 years 2 months and 22 days.
HOAG— In Redlands, April 21, IS9B. I. N. Hoag.
a native of New York, aged 76 years 1 month
and 18 days.
HOOPER— In San Bernardino, April 15, IS9S.
Mary C. Hooper, ageil 39 years. •, ;.s
HUGHES— In this city, April 24. 189 S. John
Wesley, beloved son of Annie and the lat«
Captain John Wesley Hughes, stepson of A.
Sorich. and brother of Mrs. William H. Tay-
lor, Amy Hughes and George Sorich. a nativt
of San Francisco, aged 22 years 10 month*
and 28 days.
ty Friends are invited to attend the fu-
neral this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from
the residence of his parents. 941 Haight
street. Interment Mount Calvary' Cemetery.
JONES— San Bernardino, April 15, 1898. A.
Leroy. Jones.
KNOX— In San Bernardino, April 20,' 1898, Mrs.
Myra Knox, a native of Illinois, aged 'S3
years. : '
LYNCH— this city, April 23. 189S, Cornelius
Lynch, a native of San Francisco, aged 29
! years.
McCARTY— this city, April 24. 189 S. of diph-
theria, Paul, youngest son of Peter* and Irera
McCarty, azed 3 years and 3 months.
McGLEW— In this city. April 24. 1898. Thomaj,
beloved husband of the late Ellen McGlew,
and father of John and Annie McGlew and
Mrs. James, a native of Massachusetts, aged
70 years. (Nevada papers pk-ase copy.)
tCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from i.ls late resi-
dence, 1573 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment pri-
vate. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McQUAIDE— In this city, April 26. 189S, Mary
Ellen, beloved wife of the. late Michael MjC-
Quaide. and dearly beloved mother of Kath-
eryn G.. Owen J. and Sarah E. McQuaide,
Mrs. M. Cooper and Mrs. James Fogarty, a
native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 70
j-ears.
(E7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
MOORE— In this city, April 24, IS9B. 'ohn Os-
born, beloved husband of Bertha Moore, and
son of Mrs. Su«an M. Moore, a native of
Buffaio, K. V., aged 53 years 4 months and
■18 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tue«day). at 1:30 o'clock, from. his late resi-
dence, 927 Geary street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
NAGLE— In this city. April 24, 1888, Henry H.
Nagle, a native of New Zealand, aged 66
years.
£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ' the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:43 o'clock, from St. Luke's
Church. Interment private.
NAGLE— In this city, April 23, 1898. Richard
Nag'.e, a native of Ireland, aged 59 years. ,
NICHOLS— At Fields Landing, April 21, 1898,
Josiah Nichols, a native of New York, aged
75 years 6 months and 6 days.
O'BRIEN— In this city. April 25, IS9S. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Jeremiah T. O'Brien,
and mother of John J.. T. Philip. James X.,
Ira G., Annie. C. and May O'Brien and Mrs.
William H. Nolan, a native of Ireland.
(ETFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
{Wednesday), nt 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. SO2 Fulton street, thence .to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
. will be said for the repose of her soul,- begin-
ning at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'DAY— In this city, April 24, 1898. Annie, be-
loved wife of the late Thomas O'Day. and
dearly beloved mother of James, Frank, Jo-
seph and Annie O'Day and Mrs. Minnie Mul-
llns and the late Mrs. Maggie O'Neil, a na-
tive of County Longford, Ireland.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:50 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. i 309 Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Interment Mount Calvary
\ Cemetery.
OCHS— In this city. April 2". ISSB. John, dearly
beloved husband of Anna G. Ochs, and father
of Conrad and Annie Oohs, Mrs. P. H. Bran-
don and the late Henry Ochs, a native of
Germany, aged ne years."
(r_?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 340 Sixth street, between Folsom
and Harrison. Interment private. Please
; omit flowers.
ORMSBY— At her residence, Kenwood. Sonoma
County, April 23, 189S, Mrs. Jane Ormsby, be-
loved mother of Mrs. Mary E. Yost, aged S3
years.
(DTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 10:30 o'clock, at St. Jonn s Presbyterian
Church, corner California and Oetavia streets.
Interment private.
PARR— this city, April 24. 1898, ' Harry Parr,
father of E. F.. George and Will Parr. , .
RILEY— In this city, April 25. 189S, Fergus, be-
loved husband of Margaret Riley, and father
of Georee and Daisy Rlley, a native of
Brooklyn, N. Y.
ROESCHEL— In this city. April 24. 1838, John
Roeschel, a native of Stahlkehmen, Prussia,
aged 34 years.
JC?The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:13 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29
Fifth street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
ter>'t by 3:30 o'cLoclc train from Third and
Townsend streets. ■
INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF MA-
chinlsts— Officers and members of San Fran,
clmco Lodge No. 68, International Association
of Machinists, are requested to attend the
. funeral of our late brother, John Roeschel.
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2:13 o'clock, from
the parlors of: the United Undertakers. 27
Fifth street. J. J. ALE. M. M.
SKUR— In this city, April 2f.. 189S, William, be-
loved son of John and Mary Skur. a native of
San Francisco, aged 7 months and 7 days.
STACK— ApriI 23. 189S, Helena, eldest daughter
of T. J. and Helena Stack of Berkeley. , •
O"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from St. Francis
de SaJes Church. San Pablo avenue and
Twentieth street, Oakland.
STOLTE— Near Los Oatos,' at Oak Ridge
ranch, Anna, beloved wife of Ferdinand
Stolte, a native of Germany, _ aged 39 years
11 months and 7 days.
(T-7Friends and relatives are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral . this • day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of E. E. Place. Interment .at
Los Gatos Cemetery.
TIPPING— In Eaetland. Cal., April 23. 1898.
William, beloved husband of Rosa D. Tip-
ping (nee Jewel), a native of England, ag-ed
43 years. . •;
CJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Foresters' Hall,
102 O'Farrell street, under the auspices - of
Court Star of the West No. 6956. ,A. ■O. F.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of H. C. Bunker Co.. 2066
Mission street. . .
AIcAVOY & GALLAGHER. 8
IMcAVOY GALLAGHER. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS i, EMBALMER3 I
M i'IFTH BT., Opp. Lincoln Scnoal. I
Telephone, South EO. ; |
AS. ENGLISH. \ T. R. CAREW..
CAREW & ENGLISH, ;
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market St., San
Francisco. Telephone So. laa.
1516
DEVANY TAKES
A FLING AT
MAYOR PHELAN
Declares That He Is Not an Expert
in the Art of "Hefting"
Sacks of Money.
Another Step Made Toward Extracting
Money From the City Treasury for
the Proposed Monkey Ranch
in the Mission.
Even the war, with nil its attendant
sensational reports of Impending battles
etui captures of prizes; could not keep
the loMiy and gallery <>f the Board of Su
pervlsors' chambers from being crowded
1" its capacity with Interested eiUzt-ns,
who cam<' to listen, to protest and to ad
vocate. Th>> subjeci under discussion was
the proposed Mission park and zoological
garden, aa ii has been grandiosely termed
by th.jsi' who are endeavoring to unload
upon the city a "gold brick" in the real
estate line.
After a free-and-easy discussion be
tween the Supervisors and a number of
citizens, which lasted for more than three
lM'.irs, another blow was struck the
vetige that is designed to break open the
city treasury for th^ extraction of a sum
of money that will not be less than a
Quarter of a million dollars. The resolu
tion instructing the City Attorney to be
gin condemnation proceedings t<> acquire
.iiids that are alleged to be necessary
tor the establishment of the projected
monkey ranch In the Mission was adopted
by the following vote:
Ayes — Devany, Haskins, Delaney,
Sheehan, Dodge, Kottanzi, Morton,
Britt, Rivers. Total, 9.
Noes— Smith, Clinton. Total, 2.
Lackniann asked to be excused from
voting and his request was granted.
While the debate was In progress there
was ;i hot exchange of words between E.
I. E. Troy and Supervisor Sheehan, ;
which might have become something !
Berl i us were It not for the prompt j
and energetic intervention of the Ber
t-at-arms, who held Mr. Troy in his
s«ai. Supervisor Clinton also gave -some.
to the proceedings by referring to 1
roposition as a "clean steal."
But this was not the only matter that
enlivened yesterday's session of the
b iard.
Supervisor Devany. as a member of
Lnance Committee, treated the mem-.
hers of the board and the large assem
to a timely and very
amusing dissertation <m the art of "heft
using the Mayor as a living illustra
tion of what constitutes,:!, failure in that
te profession, f articular reference
whs made to his Honors method and ex
perience in "hefting" the money BSjcks In
the vaults of the City Treasury. The
Mayor did not enjoy the manner in which
he was used to point the essay.
As an evident preliminary to bringing
a mandamus Miit against the board, the
Mutual Electric Light Company presented
a petition demanding that it be granted
the same privileges in the erection of
■ inside the city llniits that had al
ready been granted to its rival, the San :
Franc Electric Company.
The petition was referred to tfie Street
CommU
By the vote of the seven members then
in their seats, and without a dissenting
the Mayor's veto on the resolution
awarding the contract for the "repair"
of Third street, between Mission and
rd, t.i Flynn <fe Treacy, was bus
talned. This is one of th<? "jobs" that The
t'a.l I XDOSed. The action taken by the
. to-day will r ;uv the city about
$1200. Flynn & Treacy had been awarded
mtract for $2100, notwithstanding
.1. .1. Dowling had offered to do the
work lor $900. Dowling. on a trilling pre
text, had 'oeen allowed to withdraw his
i Id bit:.i t :. mmittee.
In the ab seiiei of the Mayor. Supervisor
an was called to the. chair, but dur
ing the debate on the monki y ranch prop
osition the Mayor entered and took his
p"st of duty.
After bids had be«n opened and read for
furnishing BUpplies and services to the
various city and county institutions the
resolution authorizing the City Attorney
to begin condemnation proceedings
against the owners of the lands to be
used for the education and maintenance
Of monkeys, goats and similar zoological
specimens was brought up as unfinished
business. All the Supervisors were pres
ent.
Clinton mnved that the matter be post
poned until the Brat regular meeting of
the bonnl after May 26. He asked for the
postponement, he raid, because he wanted
ti> I. ring out a full expreslon of the
people— not only of the people of the Mis
sion l>m of the entire city. He declared
that he thought it was the almost uni
versal sentiment of the people of the Mis
sion that no park was necessary In that
district at this time. He wanted the mat
ter deferred until after the charter elec
tion, as If that Instrument was adopted
the Board of Public Works would pass
upon the proposition. The motion was
lost, only Dodge. T,aekmann, Rottanzl,
Smith and Clinton voting for it.
Devany moved the adoption of the reso
lution.
i "lliuon Bpoke apain?t it and called at
ADVERTISEMENTS.
wires
AWFUL ECZEMA
Torture was so Intense Husband
Thought She Could Not
Live Twelve Hours.
Doctors Within Reach Could Not
Even Relieve. No Sleep
Fop Seven Days.
Tried CUTICURA REMEDIES.
Asleep after First Application.
Cured Well and Hearty.
I desire to inform you what COTTCCRA (oint-
ment) aud Cuticuba So.vr have done for my
wife. She was in thcmosthorriblecondition
of any human lieinp;, from that most torturing
of skin diseases, Eczema. She could neither
Bit down or lie down, her torture was so in-
tense. I tried all tho doctors that I could
reach, but she got so that I firmly believe
that she would have died within twelve hours
if I had not been advised of Ci'TiciKA Hi:m-
khiks and got them. A travelling man on
Bceing her condition told me what to get,
and you m;iy believe that I lost no time in
getting them. Orcatly to my surprise, my
wile vrr.t to steep in tioo hours after the first
application, although she had 'not slept for
seven days, nor I myself cither. I followed up
the treatment, and two br>xex of Cuticvra
(ointment) tmd one cake of Cutieura Soap did
the Work rtimplete.iy, she iron absolutely cured,
and is well and hearty to-day. If this state-
ment will do you or anyl>ody else any pood,
tise it. It is straight f.actg. and I can back up
all I have said by fifty witnesses. 1 can't thank
CUTIOVKA RnMEDiEA ' enough, for I ihoiipht
one time that I should have to bury my wife,
and I \v...s never bo happy and glall, as when
I saw that deadly, fiery red begin to leave.
Feb. 20, 1595. C. r>. IJOXE, Clarkcsville, O.
Ccncc*A Hkmimks appetl tolho«e who haTe.jufff red
lonjr tnit hopel*«»ljr from Inrturinp. dlfflgnrlnc huniort,
with lo«» of hair, and who haTO loit faith in doctora,
BMdtdWM, and all thtnji human. Erery hop*. tYcrjr
*xp«:tation awakened l>y tliem. has been more than lui-
fillr.l. TlieimucceMhaiciclttdthcwoniWrand approTal
of pliyaiciana funiliar with the marvelloua corea daily
effected li.v them.
Bold thro-iehout the world, l'omm DEro axo Chim.
. Corp., M.le lVops., limtan.
"•- " liow to Cure tU« Wont Ecitma," nailed frae.
tentlon to the org-anlzpri and persistent
efforts made by the l>.-st people of the
.Mission and or the city to prevent the
consummation of the purchase. "'Why are
tin-.- people .-" anxious iv have us, spend
our money?" he asked. "Where had the
project its origin? The scheme was con
cocted In a down-town lawyer's office,
whore about a dozen men were present,
about ;i year ago. I have- been informed
that they bonded this tract and some ad
joining land to a certain real estate apont
(or $300,000, yet an attempt is beinp made
to sell to the city a p;trt of this tract tor
$387,000." He asserted that the money
asked for the purchase of this tract
could be much better used for the erec
tion of schoolhouses, for the paving- of
streets, for a new hospital and for im
proved Bewerage, and added that not less
than $200,000 would be required for the
maintenance and improvement of the
land. He paid a tribute to The Call for
its stand in the Interests of the people
and the taxpayers. c stated that the
owner of The Tall was a resident of the
Mission and a large property-owner in
that district, yet he was opposed to the
zoo. "We are about to face the hardest
year since 1564." he continued, "and it
should be the duty of every member of
this board to keep the appropriations to
the very lowest flpure. This is not a time
to waste the public money by spending it
for a monkey and parrot pleasure ground.
If we have money to s>pare let us put It
out freely to supply the sinews - war
for our country."
Brltt declared that the question of cost
PHELAN A POOR HEFTER.
Devany Says the Mayor Is Far From
Being an Expert in That Line.
It having come to the knowledge of a minority of your finance com
mittee, through the public press, that a large defalcation has occ-urred In
of the Treasurer of the city and county, and as these has been no
official report made to your honorable board, your committee is unable
at this time to more than refer to this unfortunate affair. Your commit
tee begs, however, to point out to your honorable board that a system of
counting the public moneys has been Inaugurated which, in the judgment
of your committee should not be encouraged. This Information has
come to your committee through a communication sent to the preM by
his Honor the Mayor. The Bystem to which your committee begs to
draw the attention of your honorable board is known as "hefting" The
Bystem was in vogue at the time when evidences or tokens of value were
represented by such articles as were captured in the chase or any nat
ural product representing value which in their nature were hefty Since
the introduction of coin or money the practice of hefting money has
given way to the more conservative method of eountine— a method
which is favored generally by banking and commercial institutions in
preference to hefting. Hefting has its advantages where modern appli
ances have not been introduced. Before the Introduction of scales for
weighing, the hog-raisers practiced hefting exclusively. A good hefter
could heft several hundred hogs per diem, and it Is said they were 80 ex
pert they could tell within a fraction of a pound the weight of the hog
hefted. A real good hefter is now seldom encountered outside of the ra
sor-back districts. However advantageous the system of hefting Is as
applied to hogs, It is obviously a dangerous practice when applied to the
((Hinting Of public money, inasmuch as from lack of skill or want of
practice the hefter may not have retained that delicacy of touch which
is essential to obtain results. Moreover, it is doubtful if the consolida
tion act permits the hefting of public moneys.
The most liberal Interpretation of the laws could not construe these
words In this manner, and it is extremely doubtful if so construed such
construction would be upheld by the Supreme Court, for section S4 of the
consolidation act does not permit that the sacks of money shall be heft
ed, but the imperative duty Is Imposed of counting the moneys In the
treasury.
Your committee regrets to note that the numerous calls on the time
of our chief executive in attending to social and other functions together
with the very laudable efforts on his part to promote and encourage pu
rity in local politics, and in correcting the alleged mistakes of the voters
of the city and county by appointing men to office in lieu of thoße who
he believed were mistakenly elected by the people, encroach so much
on the time which the duties of his office demand, and respectfully susrirests
that such relief be civen him whereby these multifarious duties ami
functions may be performed without further loss to the municipality
.should not be discu. 1 ed at this time. He
said a jury must first pass on the value of
the land, and that after that would l.c
the time to take up the question of
whether the money should be appro
priated. He asserted that if the courts
condemned the property for public use
there would be no obligation on the part
of the board to appropriate the money for
the purchase of the land.
George Center spoke against the prop
osition, saying that this was not the time
tO appropriate money for a park that was
not needed, when there were so many
other public Improvements that were
crying necessities. He declared that he
Industrial School tract would be a good
location for the proposed park.
At this point Supervisor Dodge gave the
first indication of a change of heart on
this matter. He asked if the reduction of
the price would Induce Mr. Center to
waive his objections.
To this Mr. Center responded that It
would not, as the cost of improvement
would be very great. The land was the
most rocky in the city.
Dodge moved a little closer to the real
estate jobbers. "If the $:$87,000 asked was
reduced to one-half." he volunteered, "I
would be inclined to consider the matter
favorably, as the right of way would be
secured between the Mission district and
the district south of the park. This would
cost alone probably $f>u,(HX).
A. I. Van Duzer said the property be
longed to the Crocker estate, and that
Stanford offered it as a gift to tho city
ten years ago, but that the city found it
could not afford to take it. "It is lit only
for animals that fly or have a peculiar
ability for climbing." he remarked. "The
Crocker people attempted to improve and
sell it, but had to give up the undertak
ing, as nobody wanted to live there. Don't
you know that this is a scheme of the
Crocker estate." he asked, "to unload a
worthless property on us? No matter
how low the price is this year, it will be
lower next year."
Dr. John A. Miller, Max Popper, John
F. English and E. P. E. Troy addressed
the board in Opposition to the proposed
condemnation proceedings.
Troy declared that if this resolution
were passed it would be the crowning
scandal of the board.
This led Supervisor fiheehan to move
that no more politicians out of employ
ment be heard.
Troy had taken his eeat, but ro*:e ot
thi.s iiing and shouted at Sheshaa: "I
ney";r sought a place, i am only tryi'ig
to do my duty as a good "lti'.in in fight
ins; scoundrels In olllce." Ho r...ide an
attempt to get nearer to Khoe.h.-'in and to
continue his remarks, but was prevented
by the order of ihe Mayor and trie efforts
of the sergoant-at-nrms.
V.\ M. Hunker, Mrs. Joseph Touluy,
Dennis Sullivan, John 11. Gradv and Dr.
C. G. Kenyon spoke in lavir of the pro
posed zoo.
At the request o' "*if »>f the Supervisors
Mayor Phelan stated that he would favor
the purchase of the land in question if
the price were not a fancy one. He added
that he thought S2T.O ■ i for the lands un
der consideration would be excessive.
Supervisor Clinton asked his Honor if i
he did not think that the property would I
become cheaper next year.
The Mayor replied that he believed not.
Supervisor i.ackmann introduced a res
olution asking that the City Attorney be i
asked if the board could be compelled to
appropriate the money for the purchase
of the land if it is condemneu by a jury
and its value fixed. The resolution was
adopted.
The original resolution was then adopted
by the vote already given.
Supervisor Rottanzi was trained leave
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AFRIL 26, 1898.
of absence from the State, to take effect ■
whenever he responds to the call of .the !
general Government for the services In j
the Sanitary Corps of the National
Guard of this State; the said leave of ab-
Bence to continue during the time his ser- j
vices are so required.
Supervisor Clinton introduced the fol
lowing resolution:
Whereas, War has been declared by this
country against Spain, the primal cause of I
whl<-h was the cruelties practiced in Cuba by j
and thp'UKh which that island was becoming j
■ : ]■ 'pulated ; and,
Whf-reas, The people of all classes and de- |
nominations throughout the world viewed with !
horror and dismay the utter disregard paid to ,
the rights of the people by Spain, who, by
barbarous and inhuman acts, has at last suc
ceeded in almost decimating Cuba; and,
Wheras, Unless the humane policy of inter- ;
ventlon hail been adopted by our Government |
still further horrors would have shocked the
sensibilities of humanity; therefore,
Resolved, That this board Is in entire sym
pathy with the policy adopted by our Govern
ment and will to the full extent of Its power |
aid, by such appropriations of money as may '
be required, the relatives of those city officials i
In necessitous circumstances who may resign
their positions to give their services to the
National Government.
It was referred to the finance commit
tee.
A resolution. Introduced by Supervisor
Rottanzi, requesting the Market Street j
Railway Company and the Sutro Kail
way Company to file annual statements
of earnings with the clerk of the board,
was adopted. This is asked in order that !
the amount due the city from the earn- I
ings of these companies may be ascer
tained.
A resolution was adopted calling on the j
City Attorney for further information in j
reference to the litigation whereby the
city lost certain property along Mission j
Creek, by reason of the "neglect or de
sign of the City Attorney's predecessor."
The property is valued at about $20,000.
' The object of the resolution is to ascer
! tain if the case can be reopened.
Permission was given the Alpine Ath
j letic Club to hold monthly entertainments \
of boxing and wrestling in its club rooms, j
at 2s Golden Gate avenue.
The privilege was accorded the Occi- |
dental Handball and Athletic Club to give ;
' an exhibition of amateur boxlnt in its ;
i dub rooms at 120 Grove street, between
the loth and 30th of May, IS9S.
The heads of the various municipal de
; partments were requested to report to j
the board on or before the loth of July, <
i ISOS, the condition of their respective de- j
partments for the fiscal year ending June
30, 180 S. embracing all their operations, re
1 eeipts and expenditures.
C H. .Touett was awarded the contract
I for one year, ending June SO, 1899, for
supplying the Fire Department, public
! ofliees and departments with coal and
wood. The resolution awarding the con
tract had a war proviso In It as follows: |
"That it is expressly understood that If !
the present difficulty with Spain shall j
eventuate in war, and said war shall in- ;
terfere with the shipment, carriage or the
delivery of coal, the said C. 11. Jouett ;
| shall not be held responsible for deliv- 1
cries under this contract."
Clerk John A. Russell was granted a ;
leave of absence for ninety days, he to
select the time for his vacation. This
was tendered him as a mark of appreoia- i
tion for his thirty years of continuous ■
P. DEVANY.
\\ ,' i?v i service ,aa clerk of the board.
Mayor i'helan supplemented this piece of
generosity by tendering Mr Russell trans
portation to and from New York or any
Mayor Phelan's attention was called to
the report that had been made by- Devany
on the -hefting" matter. He had not been
present when the report was ordered nied
a.s part of the board's records The Mayor
denied that he had made any communica
tion to the press on the matter ■of the
count in the Treasurer's offlcp. and that
he had used, the word "hefting " He said
that the word had been put into his mouth
by a reporter of the Chronicle " loulfl
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The followine is a complete record of
the street Improvements that passed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion: , • ;;:';;■ •
1 AWARDS 'OP CONTRACTS.
Lower terrace Serpentine place to Pluto
street, westerly from same— sewer etc to
L. C Williams. • '"'
ct Palmer Kandall to Falrtnount— Pipe sewer
etc., to L. C. Williams. p sewer.
Tenth avenue. X to L— Curbs, grading and
paving to K. Donnelly. . B •
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Central avenue and Sidewalks
Church nnd Thirteenth— Curbs, Bldewalks
pavlriff, etc. . . '
Church, Thirteenth and Hermann—
paving, etc. ; '
Eighth, Howard to Folsom— Sidewalks
Lombard and Scott— Paving. : . >-V ■■
Ninth avenue, X to 125 reet south .of P—
Grading, .curbs, sidewalks, paving, . etc.
Twenty-fifth, Clement to Point Lobos ave
nue — Pipe sewer, etc. ;
Third avenue, Clement to California—Grad
ing and paving. • . • . (
Twenty-sixth, i Valencia to Mission— Curbs
paving, etc. • . . "
Waller, Central to Masonic — Curbs
and paving. ~ * nmm | '"TJ IMI 'HI
Fulton, Willard north— Curbs, sidewalks, etc
■ San Jose avenue, Alvarado to Twenty-third
Pipe sewer, etc.
Seventh, northwesterly line of Irwln— Curbs.
grading, paving, i etc. . :
Hubbell to Irwln— Pipe sewer. ■ ■' >.-
Halght, Shrader to . Stanyan— Paving, rlDe
sewer, etc. . • *< '■ v v
• York and Twentieth— Paving.
Stevenson. Twelfth to westerly termination-
Paving, sewerinc,, s-ificwalks, etc.
RESOLUTION OF ; INTENTION. ' '
i Chestnut, Fillmore to nroderick— Curb*, pav
ing, etc.
■ Chestnut, Broderick to Baker— Same. ..,:;:»
Chestnut, Van Ness avenue to westerly line
of Lnguna— Same. • . ;
Steinrr, Lombard to Chestnut— Same.
Steiner, Chestnut to Francisco— Same.
Pierce, Lombard to Chestnut— Same. - ..
Pierce, Chestnut to Francisco— Same.
Devifiadcro, Greenwich to Lombard— Sara*).- i
Same, Lombard to Chestnut— Same. . •■
Pevlsadero, Chestnut to Francisco— Same. '
. Geary. Octavla to Lagnna— Sidewalks.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ! ACCEPTANCE.
Lloyd, Scott -.to Devisadero — .' ■
.O'Farrell, Broderick to Devl.«adero —
Pierce, Halght. to Waller— Bitumen. t
Twenty-Eecond and Alabama— Bitumen. j
PROPOSALS RECOMMENDED READVER
TISED. V
Scott, Lombard to Chestnut — Grading. , :
San Jose avenue, / north line of Twenty-flf th
to northerly line of Twenty-sixth— Paving. -
■ ■...' ' ' .■' . --..■■,■■ •'
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Alamo square — Sixty days to J. W. Ferris
for construction of wall. '
Seventeenth, Uranus to Ashbury— To J. W.
Ferris, M days on contract.
Florida, Twenty-sixth to Army— To Warren
& Malley. 30 days on grading.
PKTITIO.NS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
San Bruno avenue, Fifteenth :o Division—
I Grading and pipe sewer * •>'
Seventeenth and Ashbury— John "W. Ferris.
! to use rock from the Seventeenth-street cut for
I paving. ■ .■
De Long- avenue, Frederick and Flint Tract—
I To pave by private contract.
San Bruno avenue. Fifteenth to Division—
Property-owners to grade and sewer.
I A, Fifth to Sixth avenue — Property-own
! ers to. construct sewer.
Twenty-fifth avenue. Point Lobos to Clement
| — Property-owners to construct sewer.
•South line of Army and Precita avenue. Ala
bama ■to Potrero avenue Property-owners to
j blast and grade.
San Hruno avenue, south line of Fifteenth to
| Property-owners to grade and con
; struct sewer. '
Street outside the city limit— Residence and
property-owners, for the erection of electric
light poles.
Kent, Mason .and westerly termination —
Property-owners to lay curbs, paving, etc.
Buena Vista square— Property-owners to con
! struct water tank.
j PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
.'-:.■•;- MITTEE.
Mission, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
, Alice L. Cummins against sidewalks.
. REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE. -
Bush and Baker— ln favor of repavlng.
Union and Sansome— ln favor of removal of
monuments.
FUlmore, O'Farrell to Geary— Against side
walks. .
Fifteenth south, Dolores to Church— ln favor
of sidewalks. ■
Mission District— ln favor of having streets
swept.
Laguna. North Point northerly— ln favor of
referring construction of sewer to City En
gineer.
Alamo square— ln favor of extension of time
on work.
Market— ln favor of canceling bill for p.iv
ing.
Van Ness avenue and Clay— ln favor of tem
porary obstruction of sidewalk.
Fulton and the great highway— ln favor of
(■reeling a temporary obstruction.
Stevenson, Twelfth to westerly termination—
In favor of, curbs, paving, pipe sewer, etc.
Potrero avenue and Eighteenth— Against pav
ing.
Potrero avenue and Hampshire— Same.
Same, and to Alameda, Alameda to Fif
teenth, Fifteenth to Sixteenth. Sixteenth to
Seventeenth, Seventeenth to Marlpoaa, Mari
posa, to Eighteenth and Potrero avenue and
Fifteenth, same and Sixteenth, same and
Seventeenth, same and Marlposa— Against
! living.
' Halg'ht. Shrader to Stanyan— ln favor ci
paving.
York and Twentieth — Same.
District hounded by Cortland, Holladay, Es>
meralila avenue and Folsom— ln favcr of grnu
lng.
Potrero avenue, Mariposa' to Nineteenth. In
clui'.lng crossing— Against paving.
Cambridge to Wayland— ln favor of removing
obstructions.
Other petitions and protests repjirtd en ad
versely or filed.
NUMBER OF
TELEPHONES
W. Hare, a Young
Man, Caught in
the Act.
Tried to Open a Box in
a Sixth - Street
Saloon.
William Hare, who Is said to be well
connected, was arrested last night while In
the act of rifling a telephone box in a sa
loon on Sixth street, near Howard. For
some time past a number of telephone
boxes have been broken open and their
contents taken. The manager of the tel
ephone company enlisted the services of
the police, with special instructions to
arrest the culprits, as thoy had injured
their business.
Shortly after 0 o'clock last night a spe
cial officer, whose beat Is on Sixth street,
happened to visit the saloon nonr How
ard and discovered Hare, who is only 18
years of age, in the act of rifling the tf.e
phone box. He had a steel jimmy in his
h;unl and was vainly endeavoring to open
the door of the box. After watching him
for several minutes and realizing that he
intended to secure • the contents of the
box, the special accosted him and asked
him what he was doing. For a reply the
youthful culprit struck him in the face
.and started to run away. The officer,
with the assistance of a bystander, after
a short struggle, placed him under arrest
He was then turned over to a regular po
lice officer and taken to police headquar
ters, where his name was registered on
the small book. The jimmy which he
used was found In his coat pocket.
Hare, who seems to be an innocent
appearing youth, claimed that his father
is a cigar manufacturer on Sixth street,
and that the supposed jimmy he carried
was used by him In making cigar boxes.
He declared that he did not try to rifle
the box, but was at a loss to explain how
it was he had inserted the jimmy in the
door of the receptacle. The police claim
that Hare answers the description of one
of the men who have been systematically
robbing telephone boxes. To-day a thor
ough investigation will be made, and the
detectives believe they will connect Hare
with at least some of the numerous
thefts.
A. C. WIDBER
IS REINDICTED
A Budget of Important Busi
ness Transacted by the
Grand Jury.
The Alleged Jobbery In the Ferry
Depot Will Also Be Inves
tigated.
At tho session of the Grand Jury last
night the chief business transacted was
in connection with the Wldber deficit.
The defaulting treasurer had already
been indicted of embezzling the lump yum
of $16,000, but as it has since be.-n dis
covered that the actual amount Is $117,
088 70, he was rcindicted for the full
amount, in order to preclude the possi
bilities of any technicalities arising from
the fact that he was not Indicted for the
full amount.
Mayor Phelnn, Chief Lees and Chief
Deputy de la Montanya were placed on the
stand and testified that a formal demand
had been made on the ex-Treasurer for
the missing money, hul he had said that
he was unable to produce it. Christian
Reis, Widber's successor, also tostilled
that he had made a formal written de
mand on Widber for the money.
The case of E. J. Stanton. who brought
the sensational charge? of corruption
against Dr. Ragan, was next taken up,
and the ex-teacher was Indicted for ex
tortion. The Manley will case was also
taken up, but the examination was not
finished. It will be resumed at the next
session.
There 'Is still much important business
to come before the Jury, and two special
sessions will be held." On "Wednesday
the frauds charged in connection with the
purchasing of school supplies will be
taken up. and on Friday the alleged
frauds in the construction of the ferry
depot will be investigated.
Held for Murder.
John L. Carney-, ex-Deputy Superintend
ent of Stroots, was yesterday held to an
swer bffore the Superior Court hy
Judge Joachlmsen on the charge of mur
dering Leon Durand at 10sn Howard street
by striking him over the head with a
heavy Iron bar.
The fac-simile Slj? s/G/r **'■ i 8i 8 on every wrapper
ugnaturejof C&&§fi4&646ti& of CASTORIA.
HARTMAN IN
"THE PURSER"
The Farce a Good One ;
tfie Star Funny, but
Immoderate.
"Nancy Hanks" Shows Jansen
and Company in a Better
Light.
Very Gay Parisians at the Alcazar
and Sumptuous Melodrama at
Morosco's.
The genial George Bowles, Impre
sario, entrepreneur and jollier of the
press— in a word, the Bowles who re
cently bathed Anna Held in the news
papers of San Francisco — introduced at
the Baldwin last night a new star in thy
shape of our old Tivoli friend, Ferris
Hartman, and a new nautical musical
farcical comedy of British origin called
"The Purser," and which never had
been presented before in this country.
Mr. Bowles prepared the American pre
sentation with quiet legitimacy. He ex
ploded no advance torpedoes about the
play and if his star has acquired tne
practice of bathing daily in sixty-four
quarts of Dockery-proof milk, the fact
has been kept out of the newspapers.
Hartman and "'The Purser" were of
fered simply on their merits, and, as
far as the flowers and enthusiasm of
the Hartmanite audience would permit,
were given a fair trial. "The Purser"
is worth seeing, and Hartman is just as
good a comedian as he uned to be In
the old Tivoli days. "The Pun .'
would not set fire to a normal dranmitj
season, but in the present Hood of ten
derloin fun it is conspicuously decent,
and, in places, humorous; and with sev
eral modifications of him, which 1 shall
suggest later, the star ought to be able
to uispatch the obligations of the title
part.
The plot of the piece is quick and
easy. Just as the purser and hits bride
were about to settle duwn to • several
months of stationary honeymoon he
was ordered off to sea; and sooner than
leave her behind he smuggles - her
aboard as a cabin passenger under her
maiden name, for it is forbidden olticers
of the "Kangaroo" to be accompanied
by their wives. The other woman in
the case turns up in the gay young per-
Bon of a Mrs. Stanley, lately divorced
at the suggestion, she says, of the
purser. She is willing to be his any
minute, with the whole ship as witness;
and he can keep her silent only by
promising all kinds of marriage to take
place when the voyage is over.
This sort of a start admits of
no end of complication, which the
author, John T. Day, manages very
neatly. The captain, the male passen
gers, and the ship's doctor <jre soon
paying their several devotions to the
purser's bride, under his anguished
eyes; Mrs. Stanley is getting caught in
the purser's stateroom repairing his
underwear, under the wife's eyes; and
finally the captain becomes so warm
in his attentions to Mrs. Purser that
her indignant spouse throws discretion
t<> the winds and knocks him down,
and is ordered under arrest, whereupon
both women faint in his arms. The
disentanglement, like the earlier situ
ations, is done in the widely hopeful
way of irresponsible farce, but with
considerable fun and situational skill.
In fact, the situations are very clever
in invention, and as the probability of
the piece is never insisted on, one does
not mind the careless manner in which
they are led up to. The dialogue is
more distinguished than that of the
usual contemporary farce-comedy, and
the characters are, for the greater part,
quite sharply drawn.
Although the explanatory Aside and
the confidential Soliloquy are a bit too
prominent, "The Purser" is happy
enough in point of construction to be
played as straight farce without any
musical embellishments and without
any funny-man antics on the, part of
its principal comedian. The two large
vital mistakes made by Mr. Hartman
are that he is forever coming out of the
part to make mugs at the audience and
that he sings at all. Perhaps in the
"concert" scene in the second act a
single song from Hartman would not
be remarkably disastrous, but the pres
ent arrangement which permits him to
sing about every fifteen minutes is
directly against the fortunes of the pro
duction.
I know that Mr. Hartman used to I
Bing yards and yards of all sorts of !
comic song at the Tivoli to an accom- |
pan! men t of enraptured boot-thunder
from the crowd, but the Baldwin Is sup
posed to attract the very persons who
stayed away from the Tivoli on that
account. Mr. Hartman's voice Is never
in the key and it is of a fog-horn qual
ity not sweet to hear. It is blatant and
humorless, and the leas of it is heard
the bigger will be the success of the i
piece. "With the exception of Gertie !
Carlisle no one in the company can
sing a little bit. Even the good-natured
audience of last night, who came with j
cartloads of flowers and handfuls of I
applause, did not take very kindly to
the vocal trimmings, and if Mr. Hart
man will scratch the most of the sing
ing and quit mugging there is no rea
son why the piece should not do well.
The part of the purser does not ask for
any notable degree of refinement and is
right in Hartman's line if he will only
reduce himself to the rest of the pict
ure.
Lena Merville plays Mrs. Stanley
with good spirit and a certain amount
of pat worldliness, and Alice Johnson
is sure and easy as the bride. The two
male passengers are capitally done by
John H. Brown and Edward Emory,
and H. D. Blakeman will be a first
rate captain when he is on better
terms with the part. The only bad fig
ure is the Irish doctor of William Rich
ardson. Otherwise the company is
evenly good. ASHTON STEVENS.
NANCY HANKS.
"Nancy Hanks" was entitled to a bet
ter house than was accorded it at the
Columbia last night, for it is a farce of
some merit and the performance was on
the whole an improvement on that of the
past week. Marie Jansen appeared to
somewhat better advantage than before
and the company too did better.
Harry Beresford played the French
man, the Marquis de la Rochelle, grace
fully and temperately both as to dialect
and action, and Richard Chandos was
fairly well cared for by Clarence Mnn
taine; but if it would not be an unpatri
otic thing to do just now it might
help the roll materially if Mr. Montaine
would train on enchiladas and throw a
little more chili into his work. Jessie
Bradbury's Henrietta Dash and Sylvia
Lyndon's Frances Lakewood were "cor
dially received and the songs and busi
ness thrown in here and there tilled in
very opportunely.
ALCAZAR.
While at Alcazar prices one cannot ex
pect a company with names as celebrated
and with the artistic finish of that
brought out by Frohman, it must In all
candor be said that the very large audi
ence that filled the auditorium at the
Alcazar last night to laugh at the "Gay
Parisians" missed none of the innocent
though a trifle suggestive sparkle of the
best of French farces. The piece went
with a snap and a crisp adroitness that
left no time for pause between the con
stant bursts of merriment which greeted
the funny situations.
Stockwell was in his best vein as the
middle-aged deceiver, and Wallace Shaw
as the stutterer gave him able support,
playing Mathieu with a naturalness
which rendered his malapropos appear
ances all the more ludicrous. Mrs. F.
M. Bates as Angeliquo and Miss Gertrude
Foster as Marcelle Paillard were not
more than equaled by the two leading
men of the piece. Between the first and
second acts Miss Foster recited a Cuban
selection, full of patriotism, and a feel
ing that brought down the house. The
farce was as well received as it was on
its first presentation in this city and bids
fair to pile up a run of several weeks.
MOROSCO'S.
Lettie Le Vyne, in "The Wicklow Post
man," was the morceau that Manager
Morosco offered to a large audience last
night. The play is a comedy-drama that i
permits of a number of specialty intro- ■
ductions. The sweet melodies of the Em- |
erald Isle were well rendered oy the Acme
Quartet and a number of the members of j
the company. But Miss Le Vyne, with
an especially sweet contralto voice, was |
the stellar attraction and made an In- !
stantaneous hit. Her rendition of an
Irish colleen was subdued, well-sus- '
tamed and natural. She introduced. :
among other numbers, the new patriotic j
song, "Remember, Boys, the Maine."
Her costumes w.>re very fetching, dis- |
playing her shapely figure to advantage.
Fred J. Butler, In the leading role, re
ceived much applause for his clever work.
TIVOLI.
Perhaps Hartman at the Baldwin ac
counted for the small audience at the
; Tivoli hist night to see the second edition
of "Sinbad the Sailor." A number of i.ew
songs and specialties have been added,
and altogether "Sinbad" is well worth a
i second visit.
CALIFORNIA.
"Trilby" will close with the Saturday
matinee, as Melba sing-s on Saturday
nircht in acts from operas in which she
has never been heard hon-. The sale of
Melba tickets commences to-morrow
morning.
ORPHEUM.
The new bill is attracting the usual
large crowd. The living pictures are in
smoother working order than at the open
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of Yours.
One of our sailor suits will make him
an American through and through.
And he'll think so much of it he'll
keep it as clean as a naval reserve
keeps his uniform.
X / - — I Boys' sailor suits, 3to 8
UfS^a) years; pretty shade of light
\^X^ blue ; large square green
4^j* f^>J\n wl collar trimmed with red and
/V^yTV white silk soutache braid;
(I\\ 'y^i^^rr French cuffs ; neat design
vA -. [^^TT^^iNs^ on shield or plain square
j J^jg^^l'a i j, __^ collar and shield trimmed in
| |J| — *^HT \L t-j' black silk soutache braid ;
\\l I . • \ [I knee pants with buckle and
— =^1 -t^ . bow.
Boys' middy suits ; red C^^\
inlaid cloth 011 vest and col- ir s % \ik
.lar, trimmed with white silk ~ —^~
soutache braid ; knee pants I \t&L I j£
with buckle and bow. - a >>M{Jml//
Our boys' department has just been
opened — you're sure of fresh suits,
right from the factory.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market St.
POSITIVELY
The Last Week.
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH HI 10 Q
PERSIAN HjjliiJ
B. 11. PAUL'S entire stock, before hl3 depart-
ure to Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNHKSERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M..
At 106-10S Grrjit aye.. between Tost and Geary-
As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine goods
at your own prices.
N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
ing performances, and are making quite
a hit.
PALOMA'S RECITALS.
Little Paloma Sehramm gives the first
of four supplementary recitals to-night at
the Sherman and Clay Hall.
CHUTES.
Mandolo, an equilibrist and juggling
comedian, made an especial hit at the
Chutes Theater last night, while Captain
Cardono's "African lion hunt" was re
ceived with the customary demonstra
tions.
■ ♦ ■
BEIS QUALIFIES.
V-i.TY'T -
He Will Appoint an Entirely New
Staff of Assistants in the
Treasurer's Office.
Christian Reis. the newly elected City
Treasurer, qualified for his office yester
day. He filed a .bond for $100,000 with
Julius <\ Reis, Ferdinand Reis, George
T. Marye Jr. and Samuel Davis as sure
ties.
The office was closed yesterday, and.
may not be opened until to-morrow, as
the new Treasurer is engaged in recount
ing the money in the office before ha
takes formal charge.
All the old attaches of the office will
be dispensed with at once, except Deputy
de la Montanya. Cbas. Wilson will taketha
place of bookkeeper, Allen St. John Bowlq
will be one of the deputies, and Christian
Reis Jr. will be chief deputy. De la Mon
tanya will serve as a deputy until the Ist
of May. when a new man will be named
for his position.
Violently Insane.
Mrs. M. Van Burkleo, living: at 229
T laves street, was arrested by Officer
Ooleman last evening at the instigation
of her brother, W. Cochran, and locked
up in the insane ward at the Receiving
Hospital. For months past the arrested
woman has been acting in a violent man
ner, repeatedly striking members of the
family and otherwise showing signs of a
deranged mind. Mr. Cochran states that
he has spent thousands of dollars in vain
ly endeavoring to cure his sister. The un
fortunate woman will appear before the
Hoard of Insanity Commissioners at their
next meeting.
Try our $1 Eyegiawe*. Tin Market & 11 Geary.
Settled by Marriage.
Joseph Roder, who was taken into cus
tody recently for having deceived Eliza
beth Griffiths, a resident of Stewardville,
Contra Costa County, was discharged
yesterday after wedding the fair com
plainant.
DR.MCNDLIT.
tl^nif* WELL-KNOWIT AND RKLrABLE Or.t>
.1 si>cr-ia!l.<r Prlvate,Nervoi:s,Blootlaiid sskm
Discuses of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
Myears* experience. Send for Book, free. i'»tienrs
cured at Home. l>rms reasonable. Hours, 9t03
daily ;G:3O tnS.SOcv'ss. Sjridiiys, 10 to 12. Ci.nsulta- '
lion'free and sacredlyconfldentla l . Cuil or address
f. ROSCOE nrntLTT. Jf . D..
26. Kearnr Strrft. Nan Franciicu. «'»L
* HAVE YOU Sore Tliroat, Pimples, Copper- f
! Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers!
?in Mouth, Hair-FalUn?? Write COOK KEM- 1
h ED Y CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 3
t CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital '
m 1600,000. Worst cases cured lv li> to 35 days. ?
B 100-pagra book free. ■ i I,
>^?£ltfia^aiit,rir/^t;tfUMs&t£g^.' T: ,at .fi'^ife^^gt^
VA/.T.HESS,
. NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California street, below Powell.
■ Ban Francisco. ' \ ■