VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 21.
DUNNING WILL NOT REVEAL HIS
SECRET AND REMAINS IN JAIL
Handwriting Experts Swear That Mrs.
Botkin Wrote the Death
Messages.
JOHN P. DUNKING is still a prisoner
In the County Jail.
Tho last flickering pl.-am of man
hood remains with him. and he de
clines to tell the names of the women
who would be dishonored by association
•with him. He was brought
Judge Cook yesterday morning an.l was
again askec'. to reveal the identity of the
women who had sn far lost their
of sham- as to be his companions ;•
of the tenderloin. Dun
ning- refused to answer. He declared that
these women were not concerned In the
crime that brought death to his wife, and
h< declined positively to tell v.-ho they
are. F..r his refusal to answer he was
pent back to the County Jail, and th^re
he will remain until his tongue loosens or
Judge Cook relents.
The trial of Mrs. Botkin yesterday ■ a?
practically without a striking: incident.
Dunning appeared and had been
remand.-d to the custody of the Sheriff
the proceedings drifted into a heavy,
dreary presentation of dry facts. The
Ution was engaged in presenting
its last proof of Mrs. Botkln's alleged
nnd In gathering the odds arid . nda
- lons and complicated case. Mrs.
Louise Beeley, the sharer of Dun
ning's cheap hospitality and a partici
pant In the shameful orgies that diseraced
&27 Geary street, took the stand to tell
■what she knew of the relations between
Punning and Mrs. Botkin.
Mrs. Seeley was frank. She told what
she knew, but the information added
nothing except a confession of immor
ality to the story that had already been
to the jury. Attorney Knipht
attempted and succeeded in showing that
Mrs. Seeley is nut a friend of Mrs. Bot
kin, and Is more than a friend of
Bon. While Mrs. Seeley was on the wit
itand Mrs. Eotkin watched her close
ly and critically. The accused woman
came to court yesterday heavily veiled
to avoid t he Ftare of the morbid audi
and the criti, ism of interested ob
servers. Mrs. Seeley'a testimony was sim
■irative of the fact that Dun
ning and Mrs. Botkin lived a life that
1 them beyond the pale of decent
people. There was nothing- in the woman's
testimony to support the allegation of
• . Mrs. Botkin was
jealous to the point that suggested mur
der.
t imnny was also offered to show that
Mrs. Botkin was well known as a custom
er of the City nf Paris. The prosecutors
had evidently reviewed their own case
and determined to leave not the slL
point untouched. Knight had insinuated
that a servant might have won a terrible
revenge in the rvnnington household by
poisoning its inmates. This insinuation
■was met by evidence that showed that the
Penningtons had never quarreled with the
servants in th.-ir service and there could
be no motive for the crime that brought
d^ath and desolation to the Dover home.
Much of the morning session yesterday
■was occupied with such evidence, material
from the necessity of establishing an ab
solute proof, but uninteresting in a gen
eral sense.
After the odds and ends had been gath
ered together the prosecution began the
presentation of Its :ast phase of evidence,
the .xpert testimony on handwriting. Two
experts w> ■
and both swore that Mrs. Botkin had not
only written the anonymous letters, but
addressed the package of pols
cand- the first on the
■witness stand and for hours )■■
the known and suspected handwriting of
Mrs. Botkin. The expert, after the man
skeletonlxed the penman
ship of the around woman and asked the
Jury to believe that sho had written to the
unfortunate women of Dover their certifi
cate of death.
letters and even parts of letters wrre
discussed and presented in fac-simile on a
noard. Th» expert was highly tech
one by one the great audience
began to disappear. There was no repe
of the sensations of the preeding
day. The experts told what they had ac
complished after weeks of labor and th-n
asked the jury to weigh with the other
evidence the opinion I ■ th.it Mrs.
Botkin is guilty of the crime of which she
is accused.
The cross-examination of Expert Ames
by Attorney Knight; might have been
symbolised in a sneer. The attorney
. ■ .1 that the expert will be paid for
ad as a paid agent of the
•: is not entitled to the consld
n that a voluntary witness would
he It was shown also that Amos had
mistaken In other cases and that all
rate and painstaking analyses
met went for naught. The defense
sought only to interject the element of
doubt into the case and to show that it la
E most seri Bitlon to weigh a hu
man Life In the balance with the opinion
of an expert on handwriting.
The prose* itlon will conclude its case
this morning and the defense will Intro
duce . It is likely that
Mr- B tkin will be on the witness stand
durir.K ■
John P. Dunning occupied a seat in
court when i>r. ■ • •gt commenced in the
morning. Ml I was apparently
■ to call another witness when Judge
asked, "V . Dunning? Let him
take the stand." Th<- r.-'alcitrant witness
Ftepped forward :.<l Judge Cook ad
dressed him. Baying: "Mr. Dunning, be
fore the adjournment of this court yes
terday you wi re committed to prison for
refusing t<> answer .■. certain question."
Turning: to Mr. :. "Do you
ft i ll insist upon an answer to the ques
tion?"
"I Insist." was the laconic response.
"Mr. Dunning, ;: :ns-,.-ts upon
his question," said the court. "Are you
ready at this time to answer it?"
"No. sir!" said Dunning, "but I would
make a brief statement."
"We don't want any statement." said
Knight. "We want an answer to that
qur-sti in— plvp us the nan
Dunning was finally permitted to make
hi? statement, which was: "If I had any
suspicion that any of the women whose
names I might mention were responsible
for the death of my wife 1 might fed
compelled to answer. I feel assured in
my own mind that not one of th^m ia in
any way connected with this case. I must
ptlll decline to answer."
Judge Cook hesitated a moment and
said: "I am afraid that Is not a leglti
The San Francisco Call
mate excuse for refusing to answer the
question.
"If your Honor please, 1 ' said Attorney
Hosmer rising. "I insist that this cross
examination of the witness is going too
far. These matters were not brought out
on uir-ct examination and it is practically
carrying the cress-, lamination into a de
fense rather than its proper channel. I
hold it is not proper to compel the wit
ness to answer. The naming of Indi
viduals should not be required."
"There is a direct attack upon the
rharncter of defendant," said Knight.
"T,his man is permitted to blacken the
character of the defendant merely be
cause the prosecution wants a motive. If
he is allowed to show his conduct with
Mrs. Botkin why not his conduct with
U/EIGHING A HUMAN LIF^E IN THE BALANCE WITH AN EXPERT'S OPINION.
Experts on Handwriting Consumed a Great Deal of Time Yesterday In the Trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin. Two
Experts lA/ere Placed on the lA/itness-Stand toy the Prosecution, and Both Attempted to Convince the?
Jury That the Accused \A/oman lA/rote the Anonymous Letters and Addressed the Package of Poisoned
Candy. The Testimony Was Highly Technical and lA/as Still in Progress When Court Adjourned for
the Day.
other women? We insist upon the ques
tion."
Judp. Cook said the witness was there
t > • establish facts. "His acts with de
:;t show motive and it is proper
cross-examination to show his relations
with other women, it is not the witness'
part to decide whether this is material or
not. I think the answer is necessary if
the counsel insists."
Mr. Hosmer saw a way out of the di
lemma and ;;sk<ii. "Is your refusal to an
swer based on the ground that you might
incriminate yourself?"
Knight objected to this, saying a wit
ness might take advantage of thu pi<>a
himself, but that it could not be brought
out by an attorney.
"That is st.." said Judge Cook. "He la
in contempt until the question is an
swered. Mr. Dunning, you will stand
committed until you consent to answer
the questions put to you. ('all the next
witness, Mr. Hosmer.'
Dunning having been taken from the
courtroqjn, Julian Fay, treasurer of the
City of Paris, was called. After a few
questions it developed that he was not
the man who could give the information
regarding cashing of postal orders which
Mr. Hosmer desired. He was excused.
Professor Wolf, chemist, nf Delaware,
was recalled to say that there was no
difference In the poisonous qualities of
crystalline and amorphous arsenic. Both
were deadly.
Harry Pennington was recalled. Dur
■ ing his cross-examination Attorney Hos
j mer objected to a question regarding
trouble between the servants of Mr.
Pennington and that gentleman. Mr.
Hopmer withdrew the objection and de
eired Mr. Knight to ask it again. Mr.
Knipht affirmed he had no desire to do
i so, whereupon Mr. Hosmer proceeded to
propound it to the witness. The attorney
fur the defense objected to this, and the
objection was sustained. Judge Cook hold
I that unless Mr. Knight asked the question
no one else could do so. The witness left
the stand without disclosing the lnforma-
Uon he possessed.
Mrs. Louisa L. Seeley next took the
stand. She testified that she knew Mrs
Botkin and Mr. Dunning, having met
them at 927 Geary street in the early part
of ISD7. The witness had seen Dunning in
Mrs. Botkin's room and that their manner
toward one another was very friendly.
The three of them went out together fre
quently. Asked if she had ever written
to Mrs. Dunning, she said: "No. sir. I
; flatly deny that I have ever written any
thing of the kind."
She was shown the anonymous letters
and asked if she had written them. She
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
■was positive In her declaration that she
had not. She was shown In turn all the
writing, and denied having touched it.
She also denied having bought chocolate
candy and shipping it to Dover.
To Mr. Knight— She was a widow, and
met Dunning at Mrs. Botkin's house,
Geary street, in the latter part of 1896.
Her presence there was due to an invi
tation to spend a social evening. The
party was usually composed of Mrs. Bot
kin, Dunning, Beverly Botkin and herself.
She had been to the races on several oc
casions with Dunning and Mr?. Botkin.
but never alone with Dunning-. They had
pune to cafes and restaurants, where they
had dined. This took place two or three
times, where she could not recall. Asked
if she felt friendly toward Mrs. Botkin,
she said: "I haven't such a terrible ill
feeling against her."
Knight: "Have you any ill feeling
against her?"
"I don't care for her, although we never
had any words."
Knight: "She objected to your going
with her son, Beverly?"
"She never did. I was friendly with
Beverly, and I am still."
Knight: "How did you address Dun
ning?"
"I always called him Mr. Dunning. He
was a gentleman."
"How did you address her son?"
"I called him Beverly."
Knight: "He wasn't a gentleman?"
"Oh, yes; but 1 looked upon him as a
boy in comparison with Mr. Dunning."
"Didn't Mrs. Botkin object to your asso
ciation with Beverly because you wanted
to marry him?"
"1 was not going to marry Beverly. I
had no matrimonial ideas regarding him.
He was but little over 20 years, and I al
ways treated him as a boy and a friend."
Mr. Knight was about to go deeper into
the relations of Mrs. Seeley and Beverly,
the stepson of Mrs. Botkin, when Air.
Hosmer objected strenuously. Before he
could give voice to all his reasons Knight
said quickly, "Withdraw the question,
withdraw the question. No further pues
tions." This ended what gave promise of
being further exploitation of the glamour
less vice that was rampant at 927 Geary
street.
At this point J. B. Pennington was re
called. Apparently the purpose of It was
to show that he alone knew that three
anonymous letters had been received in
Dover, addressed to Mrs. Dunning. It had
previously been shown that Mrs. Botkin
had at various times spoken of three let
ters, hence the inference that she was
the author of them. Mr. Pennington said
he received the third letter and placed it
with private papers In his office desk,
when it remained until after the death
of Mrs. Dunning. He had not delivered
it to her, as she did not wish to see any
more letters in that handwriting. No one
knew he had it, he said, except the writer
and such persons as she might shown it
to.
Detective Gibson testified that Mrs. Bot
kin told him voluntarily she went to the
ferry in this city and thence to St. Helena
August 4. The arsenic-laden package
should have been mailed in this city on
that date to have reached Delaware on
the day It did.
Daniel T. Ames of New York was the
first expert on handwriting called by the
prosecution. He gave his occupation as
that of artist, editor and examiner of
handwriting. Attorney Hosmer asked a
number of questions to show the wit
ness' qualifications as an expert. Mr.
Knight broke in with: "We admit he
will qualify as an expert. Now let's get
down to it." The witness was shown ex
amples of Mrs. Botkin's handwriting ad
mitted by her to be genuine. "With these
b.3 was shown the wrapper which was
around the box of arsenic-laden choco
lates; the note in the box, and the anony
mous letters, both ink and pencil.
He was asked if after comparing the va
rious specimens in evidence he could
state whether or not they were in tne
same handwriting.
He said he could, and was asked to ex
plain to the jury how he secured the facts.
To this Knight objected, saying it was
not how he obtained his facts, but the
facts themselves.
The witness then went on to state ti.at
he found in the wrapper the writing care
fully disguised, but that it still compared
with the personality of the writing in the
samples in evidence. Knight objected
strongly to the witness' method of ex
plaining to the jury his deductions, say
ing: "He can't throw into this jury his
opinions." He asked the court to in
struct the witness, who was no novice,
and should know the lines on which he
could present the result of his investiga
tions.
Judge Cook told the expert to point out
facts on which his opinion is based, and
not the inference he had drawn from
them.
The witness went on to say: "I -call
your attention to the capital 'P' In the
wrapper. It is peculiar in construction."
This was stricken out as being an opin
ion, not a fact.
He said the "p" in the Price letter and
on the wrapper were identical and that the
same "p" occurs In the ink anonymous
letter in the fourth line, second page. Il
also appeared in the pencil letter. Th'«
witness drew attention to a similarity h<!
twecn it and a letter in "the note that -ivas
In the box."
Knight (savagely)— Strike that out. He
don't know whether the note was in a dry
goods box or in a candy box.
The attorney with Senatorial aspirations
does not like experts, having a keen re
membrance of the Fair will trial. In an
aside to Senator McGowan he said: "This
expert testimony is dying of slow poi
son."
Expert Ames took up the note In the
candy box, "With love to yourself and
baby. Mrs. C," and dissected it slowly,
letter by letter. His usual formula was
to select a single letter in the note and
then rummage through all the letters
of Mrs. Botkin. "I take this T In the
note," he would say, "and place it in jux
taposition with these various 'W's' In
these letters." The jurymen went at it
in a painstaking manner, discussing what
was placed before them. This was
finally objected to by counsel for Mrs.
Botkin. Judge Cook then admonished
them that they must not discuss among
themselves what was shown them, but
to reserve it for their deliberations in the
jury room. After that the expert placed
the results of his work on the rail of the
jury box and the jurors in twos and
threes examined the exhibits.
The work was painfully slow and the
throng in the court room thinned out
gradually until when time for adjourn
ment at noon arrived hardly a corporal's
guard remained.
The expert showed the "th" in the word
"with" of the note and the same letters
in "that" In one of Mrs. Botkln's letters.
He took the word "your" in the note and
placed It alongside the same word found
in various places in the Price letter and
also in both the ink and the pencil anony
mous letters.
Upon the opening of court in the after
noon Felix Raynaud, cashier of the City
of Paris, was called. He testified to hav
ing frequently cashed postal money or
ders for Mrs. Botkin. He identified an
order which he cashed on June 4, about
the time Mrs. Botkin is supposed to have
purchased the handkerchief. He did not
know her as a purchasing agent, he said
to Mr. Knight. To him he also volun
teered the information that a purchas
ing agent was one who buys for another
person and gets a discount for the work
done.
W. W. Barnes was recalled and testi
fied to Nixon, the night watchman, taking
two strangers to the Victoria Hotel.
These men were placed in the room once
occupied by Mrs. Botkin and in which
was found the bit of a seal used In Haas 1
candy store. Expert Ames then took the
stand and continued his droning descrip
tion of curves and dashes.
"I would call attention to the use of the
Greek 'E' or capital 'E' which is used
in her writing and in the word Dover on
the superscription on the wrapper," he
said. "I also draw your attention to the
quotation marks in the note and in her
writing. They appear in the Price letter
and in three instances elsewhere. Note
its marked peculiarities."
To Mr. Hosmer he said the anonymous
letters were not written in a natural
hand, although certain characteristics ran
throughout it. These were the hard pres
sure and the joining and proportioning
of letters. In the word "yours" where the
"o" finishes there is a peculiar point
going up to join the next letter instead of
going down, as natural. This Is a char
acteristic of the writer. The expert stated
that the writing in the note was not nat
ural. It was carefully disguised in the
slope of the writing and in the delibera
tion of the writer. It was drawn, not
written. The writing on the wrapper is
In a feigned hand, according to Mr. Ames.
This is shown in the deliberation of the
lines and the contradictions in the slope
of the letters. In the "Mrs." there is a
back slant. The "p" is direct while the
"J" is Indirect.
Knight to expert— "You have gone about
as far— we object to any more." This had
th<> effect of stopping the expert from
pointing out the differences he found in
the writing. After examining all the
known writing of Mrs. Botkin and of that
on the wrapper and in the anonymous
letters, the expert said: "There can be
no doubt whatever but that all were in
the same handwriting."
To Mr. Knight the expert said he could
not be mistaken in his deductions. He
was asked about an Eastern case where
an attorney wrote an address and he
identified it as the work of another. He
squirmed out of this dilemma only to face
a series of questions as to the compensa
tion he expected for his services. It de
veloped that his fee was $100 a day, but
he had no agreement as to what he was
to receive in this case. Mr. Hosmer had
promised him reasonable compensation.
He said he had no difficulty in arriving
at the conclusion that all the exemplars
were in the same handwriting. He could
hardly be more certain if he had seen
the work done. Mr. Knight asked him if
he had seen a letter written by Mrs. Bot
kin to Dunning at Porto Rico and inter
cepted there. Mr. Hosmer objected to a
series of 'questions on that line, and
Knight said he would ask Chief Lees the
question.
Hosmer: "You won't find any such
letter."
Knight: "It was there."
Hosmer: "It was not."
Knight: "It was there."
Hosmer: "It was not."
This snappish dialogue might have been
continued indefinitely had not Judge Cook
put an end to it. Knight then became
jocose at the cleverness shown by the ex
pert in extricating himself from tight
corners. Hosmer protested at the levity
displayed, declaring that Knight was not
following the rules of evidence.
Mrs. Price, the landlady of the Victoria
Hotel, was recalled to answer a question
propounded by Juror Hey man. It was
whether Mrs. Botkin went at once to her
room the Sunday afternoon she came in
with certain packages. The witness said
she did.
Carl Eisenschimmel, handwriting expert,
was the last witness of the day. He had
not concluded his testimony when the
hour for adjournment arrived. He spoke
of "muscular recoil," "muscular co-ordi
nation" and on other matters with which
only experts are on terms of intimacy.
MR. LONG
WILL LEAVE
THE CABINET
Has Not Yet Apprised the
President of His Inten
tion to Resign.
Secretary Bliss Will Go Out Also
and Slates for the Succession
Are in Order.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, D. C, Dec. 20.
It is not unlikely President
McKinley will entirely recast his
Cabinet at the beginning of the
new year. It is stated to-night
HON. JOHN D. LONG, Secretary of the Navy.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
on absolutely responsible author
ity that Secretary Long has sent
in his resignation, to take effect
when the President finds a suc
cessor.
Long's reasons for leaving the
Navy Department are entirely;
personal. He is separated too
much from his family and has
never cared for Washington life.
While deeply interested in the
work of the Naval Department,
he dislikes the social features of
official life in Washington, and
with the restoration of peace sees
an opportunity to return to pri
vate life, with all it means to him
self and family.
The health of his wife, how
ever, is the chief cause for his de
termination to relinquish an of
fice to which he devoted much
wearisome toil during the late
war. Mrs. Long and her young
son have been at their home in
Massachusetts most of the time
since^Secretary Long came into
the Cabinet. This enforced sep
aration has not been agreeable to
the Secretary, and, having con
ducted the administration of the
Navy Department to the full
satisfaction of the President and
the country, he feels that he is
entitled to release from its man
agement and can now yield to his
successor the conduct of the or
dinary routine.
Mr. Long, being a man of con
siderable means and a member of
one of the most successful law
firms of Boston, is not dependent
upon the salary he now receives.
For all of these reasons he will
signify to the President his ear
nest desire that his successor be
named as early as is convenient.
His proposed retirement will
doubtless be strenuously opposed
by the President, who relies upon
Mr. Long's wise and conserva
tive counsel in Cabinet confer2
NEW STRIKE IN THE
ATLIN GOLD FIELD
Prospects on Discovery Claim
Yield a Return of Sixty
Cents to the Pan.
VICTORIA, B. i.. Dec. 20.— J. E. Moran, a prospector of no
small experience, has just reached this city from the Atlin gold
fields. He brings news of a new strike, the gold going 60 cents to the
pan, having been made on the O'Ponnell, a feeder of Lake Atlin,
from the south. Dr. H. D. O'Donnell has Discovery, which promises
to equal anything in the district.
Moran reached the Atlin country on August 10, with the first
stampede, and his Impression of the new diggings in most roseate. He
thinks they will equal, if not surpass, any placer mining camp of the
renlury. They have many advantages. The entire district is cut up
by dozens of small streams, almost every one of which has been
found to be gold-bearing! It is easy of access, the winter trail re
quirin- only five days from Skaguay, and the summer route about
thrre. The creeks are small and easily handled. Bedrock Is, in gen
eral, near the surface. Timber is plentiful, the working season long,
the country not diflicult to travel or prospect in and the climate
perfect.
Moran says if half the claims already staked in this district are
open next summer there will be work for 3000 men. Of those which
have already been worked he has not learned of a single one proving
unprofitable. Pin- 1 ami Spruce Creeks have; turned out remarkably
well. Wright Creek is already famous, though 'iscovery claim alone
has been developed, and the same may be said of Otter, Boulder,
Birch, McKee and many others, on each of which but one or two
claims have been opened.
There is no mining this winter. About 300 people are wintering
in Atlin. All are confident that next season will be a prosperous one.
Every one is busy now building cabins and preparing for next year's
\v,.ik. Provisions are rather dear; bacon, 40 cc.its a pound; sugar,
60 i • nts; Hour, 25 cents; rice, 40 cents; beans, 35 cents, and other
stai 1- s iii proportion. »
ences, and it is well known that j
there is a strong' personal attach
ment between them of many
years' standing. This friendship
dates from their service in Con
gress together, where they sat
side by side.
The President is to-night un
aware of Secretary Long's deter
mination to resign, but there is
no doubt of his intention.
If Secretary Long's resigna
tion is accepted there is no doubt
that his successor will be Assist
ant Secretary Allen of Massachu
setts, who also served in Con
- with MrKinley.
Secretary of the InterioF"S]
to-day tendered his resignation
to the president, to take effect;
January i. The Secretary so 1
announced to his friends this;
afternoon. He has no official
knowledge of his probable suc
cessor.
Secretary Rliss said to-night:
"I have nothing to say. While
my friends know what my pur
pose is, I have not said what I in
tend to do to others.
"After I see the President per
haps I will have something to
say. The story of my resignation
coming out as it did was a great
surprise to me. I have abso
lutely refused to talk for publica
tion. When Tarn ready to talk it
may be very freely and willingly."
There was considerable talk
around the department to-day of
the probable successor to Secre
tary P.liss. Several prominent
politicians, in discussing the mat
ter, said the choice for the port
folio of the Interior Department
was between Commissioner Her
mann of the General Land office
and Commissioner Evans of the
Pension Bureau. Mr. Her
mann's friends point with pride
to his great record at the head of!
the General Land Office, and ex
press themselves as satisfied he
would make a most acceptable
Secretary. He is, furthermore,
from the Pacific Coast section,
which, with the exception of
Judge McKenna, has not had a
representative in the Cabinet for
some years.
CATTLE STOLEN
FROM THE RANGERS
Several Hundred Missing From a
Herd Owned by Miller
& Lux.
DIXON, Dec. Early last summer
Millej.. & Lux shipped several hundred
cattTo to the Tule Range, about twelve
miles southwest of Dlxon. They were
shipped by rail to Dlxon. where they were
unloaded and driven to the range. Some
weeks ago they were reloaded on the cars
at Dixon and shipped south to other pas
tures owned by Miller & Lux. On the re
turn the herd was found to be about 800
short. SiiLce then Mr. Miller has been
conducting a quiet Investigation to en
deavor to locate the missing cattle.
Phillip Foster, a man long in the em
ploy of J. 11. Glide, an extensive sheep
man of the tule- location, was suddenly
called to the San Francisco office last
Saturday in regard to the affair, and W.
D. Duke, a former employe of tniller &
Lux. was sent to Dlxon last week to in
vestigate.- A -trusted employe of the firm
was sent to the Tule Range to look for
carcasses of the dead animals, and as
very few were found the belief is that be
tween 200 and 300 beef cattle have been
stolen from the range during the summer
months. -•' > ... ' . ;
Poisoned by Canned Meat.
SALINAS. Dec. 20.— After having par
taken of canned meat and cheese this af
ternoon Rancher W. R. Olds of Chualar
Canyon was seized by symptoms of
strychnine .poisoning. Bystanders gave
him several large doses of •whisky and
probably saved his life. A physician
called declared the case one of ptomaine
n ilnmwz. caused by some defect in the
meal This evening Olds, though very
W iV is pronounced out of danger.
THsincorrcoration Defeated.
WINTERS. Dec. 20.-By a vote of 72 to
70 Winters decided to-day not to disincor
porate.
MINERS PROFIT
BY THE SHOWER
Idle Properties Will Be
Reopened.
EMPLOYMENT FOR WORKMEN
DROUGHT HAD CAUSED SUSPEN
SION OF OPERATIONS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, Dec. 20.— Over two inches
of rain has fallen in this locality in the
last forty-eight hours and the fall con
tinues to-night. There is little or no
wind, the temperature is warm and all
the water is being absorbed. It means
thousands of dollars to Placer County,
not only for the farmers, but also foi
the miners. Lack of snow last winter
made the water in the ditches very low
and many mines using water as motive
power had to shut down or run short
handed. The loss in this connection the
last two months is estimated at $100,000.
The town of Forest Hill, the center of
the mining region, has been in need of
water even for drinking purposes and a
few weeks ago during a fire in that
place giant powder was resorted to to
save the entire town from destruction
Never In its history has the mining
section suffered so for wafer, and never
was the outlook brighter for a large
output of gold in 1899, if backed up by
a hard winter.
SUISUN. Dec. 20.— The heavy precip
itation of the present storm, following
so closely the much needed rainfall last
week, has dispelled fear of another dry
year. Throughout Solano County the
outlook has entirely changed since the
dry spell was broken, and a marked
increase in business is the result. The
rainfall during the past forty-eight
hours was 1.30 inches. Clouds still hang
over Suisun, and a heavy downpour to
night is expected.
WATSONVILLE, Dec. 20.— During
the last forty-eight hours the Fajaro
Valley has been visited by a welcome
downpour. Up to this evening the fall
was one inch, with the prospects good
for more.
HAYWARDS, Dec. 20.— Fully an inch
of rain has fallen since 4 a. m.. making
a total of 4.22 for the season. The pros
pects ari? good for more rain.
HOLLISTER, Dec. 20.— The precipita
tion up to 6 o'clock this evening was
1.10 inches. It rained all day. and the
indications are for a continuance to
night.
WdODI.AND, Dec. 20.— The Weather
Bureau's forecast of fair weather to
day w.as evidently tlv* rosult of a mis
calculation. Rain began to fall at 2
o'clock this morning and continued at
intervals throughout the day. The pre
cipitation is light and at the present
rate it may shower for a week without
flooding the low lands. The prediction
is made by those who have studied the
seasons closely in this county that there
will be an abundance of rain before
the weathpr clears.
STOCKTON, Dec. 20.— The rainfall
here for the storm measured .94 of an
inch, making for the month 1.50 inches
and for the season 3.29, against 3.07 last
year. The indications are for more
rain, but enough has fallen for the
present and farmers who have not put
in crop? can do so as soon as the
weather settle*. It will be a merry
Christmas for the farmers here
abouts. The crops having been failures
the past two seasons, and the lands
having rested, farmers predict an enor
mous yield the next crop, and with the
usual spring rains to fall nothing can
prevent a fine season.
FRESNO, Dec. 20.— Rain began to
fall here at fi oUtlock this evening and
up to nbidnight there have been several
small showers. Indications are thot
there will be a heavy downpour to
morrow. Grain in many parts of the
county is badly In need of rain, hav
inf suffered materially of late on ac
count of the severe frosts. Many of the
farmers, fearinß another dry year, have
ceased plowing, A heavy rain at this
time would give work to many idle men
and ♦earns.
PAN JOSE. Deo. 20.— The rain which
began to fail last night has continued
with slight intervals through the day
and evening, making a total for the
storm of .45 of fin inoV" q n( i for the sea
son of 141 Inches. More rain Is ex
p ctcd. Green ,?rass is already show
ing Itself and there Is great rejoicing
"imong business men, farmers an 3 or
chardists.
RESIGNS BECAUSE HIS
LIFE WAS ATTEMPTED
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 20.-The resigna
tion of Andrew J. Smith, governor of the
Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica, has
been accepted. Governor Smith gives as
the reason for his resignation that his
life has twice been attempted, once at
Santa Monica and once at Leavenworth
Kans. Hl* family has prevailed upon him
to retire to private life.
Governor Gage at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. IVr. 20.—Governor
elect Gage and his private secretary, W.
I. Foley, arrived here to-night. Governor
Gage will remain until his inauguration.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
COLGAN AWAITS
COURT DECISION
Ignores the Claims of
Counties.
SUM INVOLVED IS ENORMOUS
STATE MAY LOSE A MILLION
AND A HALF.
Controller Will Meet the Attorneys
for the Claimants to Arrange
for an Early Judi
cial Ruling.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 20.— State Con
troller Colgan declines to heed the de
mands made upon him by forty-two
counties of the State for the return of
back commissions asserted to be due
them until the attorneys for the coun
ties shall have shown their hands and
obtained a decision from the courts.
It is figured that the counties will get
SAMUEL GOMPERSj President of the American Federation of
Labor.
no less than $1,500,000 if they win, minus
the handsome slice which the attorneys 1
will keep for their shrewdness in hay- j
ing discovered the alleged Indebted- ;
ness. The joy of the counties over such :
a financial windfall will, however, it is
believed here, be somewhat chastened
by the realization that they may have •
to provide, In increased taxes, for the [
money which the State will send back ,
to their treasuries.
The claims of the counties now on file
In the Controller's office, for the pay- |
ment of which suits have been brought, ;
are as follows:
Alameda '. . 1114,316 66 ;
Amador ...:....".... 8,008 86 |
Butte ; 22.302 OS
Calaveras 9.5:; x 05 :
Del Norte 5.500 oo
El Dorado 8,839 56 '
Fresno 38,337 31
Humboldt 25,138 89
Kern 20,857 OS
Lake 7,0-18 93
Lassen ....; 5,448 91 ;
Los Angeles 104,068 02
Marin 19,314 42
Mariposa 3.963 48
Mendoclno .... 17.394 41
Mono .........:..... 2,039 71
Monterey 20,450 54 i
Napa 20,84133
Nevada 20,324 09
Placer 13.51S Go
Sacramento 38.307 56
San Benito .:............ 12.304 63
San Bernardino ....:. 22,576 42 !
San Diego .' 27,166 S3
San Francisco . 375.1W0 00 |
San Joariuin 46,713 74
San Luis Oblspo , :....:' 20,. r 23
San Mateo ... '24,809 20.
Santa Cruz 18,567 39
Shasta 10,478 93
Sierra .: 2.824 53
Slskiyou 13,590 99
Sutter 13,620 13
Tehama 15,846 07
Trinity 4.500 00
Tulare 23.F93 25
Tuolumne ..: :.. 7.338 95
Yolo ........... 26,77120
Yuba '. .;.:........:..:. 10,4u:j 95
Riverside 18.25S 72
Orange ..' 16,426 53
Glenn ............:..:. 17,516 73
Kings ...: 12,116 52
Madera 11,063 IS
The Controller has refused \ payment
in each instance, o-n the ground' that
fees and commissions - were abolished
by the art of 1593. He is anxious, how;
ever, to find exactly what the point of
attack Is to be by the attorneys for the
counties, whose explanations . thus far
have not been such as to clarify the
situation appreciably. State Controller
Colgan will meet Attorney General
Fitzgerald and th« ' attorneys for the
counties in San Francisco to-morrow;
for the purpose of determining upon an
expeditious method of bringing the dis
puted question before the - courts for a
final decision.
Naval Lieutenant Lost.
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 20.— A report
from Comox, B. C, says that Lieutenant
Rickard of H. M. S. Leander has been
lost while in the woods hunting. A search
party has gone out. ,
GOMPERS IS YET
THE PRESIDENT
Remains^ Leader of the
Labor Federation.
ONLY ONE ADVERSE VOTE
SOCIALIST COWAN ENTEBS AN
OBJECTION.
All the Officers Except the Fourth,
Fifth and Sixth Vice Presi
dents Keep Their
Places.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 20.—Sam
uel Gompers was to-day re-elected
president of the American Federation
of Labor by practically a unanimous
vote in the closing session of the eight
eenth annual convention of that organ
ization. The convention, which had
been in session for eight days, ad
journed Bine die at 6 o'clock. Detroit,
I Mich., was decided upon as the next
| place of meeting.
During the election of president Wll
• Ham J. O'Brien of New York was in the
! chair. George E. McNeil of Boston
! placed Gompers in nomination. He
■ said he might never again attend a
convention of the federation, and he
wanted the honor of naming Gompers ■
for the place. He said: "Mr. Gompers i
' has been tried and found true. He can
i not be corrupted. When we get a good
man in a piace we should keep him
I there."
The greatest applause followed Me-
Neill's remarks.
John Kirby of Ouray, Colo., said the
miners of the West were looking more
to Gompers to aid them in their strug
gles than any one else.
There were no other nominees, and
Henry Lloyd of Massachusetts moved
that the vote of the convention be cast
for Gompers. This was done amid
great cheering. Isaac Cowan, the so
i cialist, of Cleveland, objected, and his
vote was recorded against Gompers.
Oompers declined to make any remarks
upon hiß re-election.
With the exception of the fourth, fifth
and sixth vice presidents, and the three
fraternal delegates, the rest of the old
officers were re-elected without oppo
sition. The remainder of the ticket fol
, lows :
First vice president, P. J. McGuire,
Philadelphia; second vice president,
James Duncan, Baltimore; third vice
president, James O'Connell. Chicago;
fourth vice president, John F. Mitchell, ■
Indianapolis; fifth vice president. Max '
Morris, Denver; sixth vice president,
Thomas I. Kldd. Chicago; secretary,
Frank Morrison, Chicago; treasurer,
j John B. Lennon, Bloomington, 111.; fra
! ternal delegates to the Union Congress
| of Great Britain. Thomas F. Tracey of
New York (Cigarmakers' Union), and
James O'Connell (Machinists' Union);
i to the Trade and Labor Convention of
: Canada, Jams F. O'Sullivan of Boston
of the Massachusetts State branch.
The convention spent most of the day
in amending its constitution and pro
. viding means for widening the scope of
its work. The federation increased the
per capita tax upon memb.-rs of trades
union organizations from three-fourths
I of 1 cent to 5 cents per month, the mon
ey to be used to support the federation.
, President Gompers himself objected to
this, but the delegates were strongly in
I favor of it. On every hand they de
; clared that an increased avenue war
: needed to carry on the work of organ
' ization so as to strengthen the labor
cause.
The resolution of J. F. O'Sullivan of
Boston, looking to a bill in Congress to
I impose an internal revenue tax against
! all factories employing women and
I children over time, was killed. The
J committee on laws reported against the
measure on the ground that it would
legalize the employment of children as
laborers. In support of his resolution,
O'Sullivan said that he had been be
fore the Legislature of Massachusetts
1 when lawyers argued that such a tax
was constitutional, and that it was gen
erally agreed that the only way to stop
factory keepers from hiring children
was to tax them out of existence.
O'Sullivan proposed that such factories
be made to pay an internal revenue tax
of 50 per cent on their gross receipts.
George E. McNeill said he had some
doubts as to the efficacy -of such a law.
"And further," said he, "it will simply
license the employment of children.
We will be put in the light of recog
nizing what we know to be an evil."
O'Sullivan said he believed that the
employment of children could never be
checked until the women workers of
the land identified themselves with the
trades unions. He was certain, too,
that women would never receive equal
pay with men until they showed a
strength united enough to force it upon
their employers.
Isaac Cowan's resolution, asking that
the discussion by affiliated unions of
the King-Blanchford and Eyer plans of
official federation be recommended by
the American Federation, was killed
without discussion, and a number of
measures not of general interest were
disposed of. ■
Before adjourning the convention dis
tened to farewell addresses by the
British delegates, William Inskip and
William Thorn.
COURT OF CASSATION HAS
THE SECRET DOSSIER
Discussion of the Dreyfus Case
Causes Commotion in the Cham
ber and Senate.
PARIS, Dec. 20.— The Courriere dv Soir
says this evening: The Dreyfus secret
dossier was handed to the Court of Cas
sation this evening under the pledge that
it should not be communicated to the
counsel for the defense or to any one out
side the court.
The Chamber of Deputies indulged in.
another Dreyfus debate to-day. Joseph
Fournier, Socialist deputy for Aisne,
moved a resolution conferring the fran
chise upon soldiers and demanded urgency
for it. He then proceeded to expound his
views, which provoked a great uproar.
The Premier, M. Dupuy, replied: "I
should have thought that the Dreyfus af
fair had already done the country enough
harm. M. Fournier's new proposal would
be most pernicious. The country wants
and has a devoted army to safeguard her
independence and we do not wish to give
its officers the means of descending to
the forum. We must rally round the
army."
The motion for urgency was then de
feated by 477 votes against 2*>.
In the Senate a stormy discussion took
Flace over a bill increasing the penalties
or espionage and treason. There were
frequent references to Dreyfus.
Eventually the bill, which prescribes
death for state officials who are guitly
of treason in time of peace, was adopted.
LILIUOKALANI'S PROTEST
REACHES THE SENATE
Ex-Queen Lays Claim to a Million
Acres of Crown Lands in
Hawaii.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20. — Ex-Queen
Liliuokalanl introduced In the Senate to
day the following protest against the ap
propriation of the crown lands of Hawaii
by the United States:
To the Senate of the United States: I, Liliuo
kalanl of Hawaii, made heir apparent on the
ISth day of April, 1877, and proclaimed Queen
of the Hawaiian Islands on the 20th day of
January, IS91 r do hereby earnestly and re
spectfully protest against the assertion of own
ership hy the United States of America of the
so-called Hawaiian crown lands, amounting to
ahout 1,000,000 acres, and which are my prop
erty, and I especially protest against such
assertion of ownership as a taking of property
without due process of law and without Just or
other compensation.
Further supplementing my protest of June
17, 1897. I call upon the President and the na
tional Legislature and the people of the United
States to do Justice in this matter and to re
store to me this property, the enjoyment of
which is being withheld from me by your Gov
ernment under what must be a misapprehension
of my right and title.
INTRODUCES A BILL
FOR PACIFIC CABLE
Corliss Opens the Fight in Support
of the Proposed Line of
Communication.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 20.— Mr. Corliss
of Michigan to-day introduced a bill to
facilitate the construction and mainte
nance of telegraph cables in the Pacific
Ocean, between the United States and
Hawaii, the Philippines, Japan and other
countries.
In connection with the bill Mr. Corliss
has written to the Secretary of State that
the Pacific Cable Company obtained a
concession from Hawaii on July 2 last,
under which it will have exclusive con
trol of the cable line from the United
States to Hawaii unless such concession
Is disapproved by the Secretary of State
within six months. Mr. Corliss calls at
tention to the fact that the six months
expires on January 2 next and that early
action is necessary if a disapproval la to
be made.
MRS. DE GARMO GREY
COMMITS SUICIDE
Ends Her Life With a Bullet in a
Los Angeles Boarding
House.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 20.— Mrs. C. de
Ganno Grey committed suicide here this
morning in a Main street boarding house
by shooting herself in the head. She was
the wife of C. De Garmo Grey, who is
now in -San Francisco or Seattle. Mr.
Grey came to Los Angeles a year or so
ago to manage ft pure food exhibition.
His wife remained here. A physician
states that she was afflicted with sui
cidal mania and that she has tried twice
before to end her life.
Lectures to Yolo Teachers.
WWODLAND. Dec. 20.— The second day
of the teachers' institute shows a
marked Increase in interest. Attorney C.
W. Thomas delivered an address upon
"Citizenship and Public Education" this
morning. Dr. Bailey of the State Uni
versity delivered an interesting lecture on
"Work anil Play." At the afternoon ses
sion lie spoke ably upon the "Evolution
of Patriotism."
For a Pacific Cable.
LONDON. Dec. 21.— Tho Daily Mall this !
morning says? It credits the repqrt that i
Australia will join with Canada in defray- !
ing the cost of a Pacific cable.
FvfifV . ' >*w
for Prices Tell! ™^
Star Safety Razor Sets— Sterling Silver Hair Brushes-
sl 75. $3 50, $6 to $15. : yl^,' $2 50, $3 00, $3 50.
";"-"-"■.■• --v '•■ -•■■■- - ■ ' ■ ' ' " . ?
Shaving Mugs decorated with sterling Silver Match Boxes-
name— 75c to $2 50. V 00, $1 50, $2 50, $5 00.
Brass Onyx-top Parlor Tables- " j Suit Cases> stee , frame . j eatw
♦•* v - \ covered— $4 50, $5 00, $6 00.
; Decorated Crystal Lemonade Sets, n««.,u« All . * >-„» — ,
.8 pieces- $1 35, $1 .75, $3 50, $4. Genuine Alhgator Club^Bag.^eather
Child's : Set (Rogers Bros.') Pearl- ,-,„;., _ : -
Handle Knives— $175. Celluloid Dressing. Cases-
.,.- : . ■ | $1 00. $2 50 to $10 00.
Carving ; Sets . (our own make. in|
Stag of Ivory handles, 3. pieces— Albums, : - decorated Celluloid or
$4 00, $5 00, $6 00 to $12 00. Plush covers— 50c, $1 00 to $5 00.
.•• : -' : : ■■..•.'■ . ■•.- - ' '■•■■.•"■'•■•••.•"• ■ ' ■'^s^aaiKSKi^Sraßßfig^':-- '='•■■- ■■'■•':-:€ ;
Toys— complete line— we. can fill Boxing Gloves, per set—
your wants. I. $100, $2 00, $3 00 to $6 00.
Will & FfNfK fft 818-820 MARKET STREET.
T7IL(L VX 11111/ A WV., Country Orders Filled Promptly.
EXTORTED MONEY
FROM MERCHANTS
Swindler Sexton Wanted
at Placerville.
WORKED A CLEVER DODGE
PASSED FOR A GOVERNMENT
DETECTIVE.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Doc. 20.— John E.
Sexton, a confidence operator, who. to
use a gilded figure of speech, once sold
President Cleveland a gold brick, has
been taken from the County Jail here
to answer an indictment brought by
the Grand Jury of El Dorado County,
charging him with extortion. Sexton
showed up in Placerville some weeks
ago and induced a woman to enter a
cigar store and purchase a box of
cheap cigars. Acting upon Sexton's
instructions, the woman prevailed on
the cigar dealer to transfer the cheao
cigars into a high grade cigar box. and
then she reported to Sexton with her
purchase.
Sexton remained in seclusion a- fi w
days and then made his appearance it
the cigar store, introducing himself is
a Government detective. He stated
that he had secured positive evidence
that the cigar dealer had violated ohe
of the revenue laws by transferring
cigars from one box to another. The
dealer grew pale, and when Sext-in
offered to compromise for a certain
sum of money he readily "pungled."
The merchant was so "easy" that
Sexton bethought himself of another
official who would have to be coo
ciliated, and again the cigar dealer dug
down into his trousers and paid trib
ute. After a time the dealer realized
that he had been defruded. and Sex
ton's indictment by the Grand Jury
and arrest in this city followed.
The Placerville cigar merchant has
the consolation of beine in distin- |
guished company, for a fellow victim
is no less a personage that ex-Presi
dent Cleveland. Sexton three or four
years after having served a term in
the San Francisco House of Correc
tion appeared in Washington. D. C.
and worked a sort of a "pull" for an
appointment to a Government pori
tion in Alaska. President Cleveland ,
had signed his commission when Sex- i
ton's unsavory record was disclosed to
him, and the commission was revoked.
Sexton by pretending to be a confiden
tial secretary to Senator S. M. White
had gained access to the White House,
and he was actually in consultation
with President Cleveland about politi
cal matters in California when Max
Popper, who was then in Washington,
exposed hi* character.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Bills Introduced to Extend to Hawaii
the Immigration Laws of the
United States.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— Senator Per
kins to-day introduced a bill extending
to the Hawaiian Islands the immigration
laws of the United States. Represen
tative Barham introduced t"he same meas
ure in the House. *
Representative DeVries Introduced a bill
to avail the United States of certain
properties and m,oneys in river and har
bor improvements in California and to
do specified work thereon by day labor.
This bill is simply to make available any
moneys appropriated by the Legislature
of California.
A. J. Rcnsheimer was to-day appointed
postmaster at Perm Grove, Sonoma
County, Cal., vice Fred J. Starke, rii-
Pacific Coast patents were issued to-day
as follows: California— H. G. Baker and
L. O. Ferguson of Los Angeles, fruit
cleaner, brusher and washer; E. M.
Fraser, San Francisco, assignor to J. J.
Mahoney and C. E. Green, elevator gear
ing; Augustus Howard, San Francisco,
assigner to C. E. Green, shearing Imple
ment, mechanical movement and nut lock
device; William H. Jones, Highland,
prospecting wheel; John Korbel, Los An
geles, doughnut or friend cake turner;
Helnrlch Lahann, Visalta, combined gro
cery can and self-setting animal trap; Nils
A. Lybeck, San Francisco, non-retillable
bottle; Joseph P. O'Brien, San Francisco,
spring gear for vehicles; Lewis H. Rog
ers, Los Angeles, surgical Instrument;
Charles C. Swain. Stockton, mowing ma
chine; Aaron Weilheimer, Fresno, spoke
socket. Oregon — Miles E. Hendrick,
Amity, shoe-lace clasp. Washington-
Edgar Courtwright, Tacoma, bicycle driv
ing gear; Joseph R. Grinsfelder, Spokane,
label holder; John W. Price, Belfast, car
coupling.
By direction of the Secretary of War
Post Chaplain John H. Macomber, United
States Army, is relieved from duty at
Angel Island, Cal., and will report in per
son to the commanding officer of tho
Presidio. Private James J. Walsh, Com
pany I, Fourteenth United Staes In
fantry, now at Manila, is transferred as a
second-class private to Company A, Bat
talion of Engineers, at that station.
On a surgeon's certificate of disability
Sergeant Verdenal M. Green, Company
G, Eighth California Volunteer Infantry,
Is discharged • from the service of the
United Spates.
Pensions have been granted as follows-
Original — Samuel B. Loring, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $10; Charles P. Smith
San Francisco, ?6; Alois Berkenmier, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8. Reissue-
William H. Wharff, San Francisco, $8
Original widows, etc.— Mary Eastman
Brannan Cannot £ive.
CARSON. New, Dec. 20.— Matt Bran
lan. shot yesterday by James Moss, can
lot live through the night. His killing is
•egarded by the community as lustilia-
Ac. He was a quarrelsome man, always
ooking for trouble.
POLICEMEN MUST
DONATE SERVICES
Result of Boss Rule in
San Jose.
DEPARTMENT WITHOUT FUNDS
FIREMEN IN EVEN A WORSE
PREDICAMENT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 20.— There is a short
age of funds in the police and fire de
partments of this city. As the depart
ments are now conducted the policemen
will have to work next June for noth
ing and the firemen must donate six
weeks of their time. The situation waa
considered at a meeting of the Police
and Fire Commissioners this afternoon,
who concluded this was the only way
out of the dilemma save the cutting of
salaries.
Mayor Martin presented a message in
which the commissioners were advised
to practice economy in the police de
partment. He said he suggested econ
omy when they took their seats and
asked that the police force be limited
to fourteen. Instead eighteen were
elected, making a difference of $3600 a
year. A couple of vacancies will occur
at the end of the month and he asked
that they not be filled, so that police
men could be paid in full for their
services.
If the recommendation of Mayor Mar
tin is carried out some political com
plications will arise. R. J. Langforu,
whose election as Sheriff is being con
tested, appointed Policemen Robert
Anderson and V. L. Baehe deputies
with the understanding that the com
missioners would make his brother, F.
S. La*igford, a policeman. Langford
filed his petition for the appointment
to-day. It is not believed the vacancies
will be filled in the face oi the Mayor's
recommendation and the shortage of
finances, and Sheriff Langford will hava
been bunkoed in the trade.
While the police have agreed to work
a month for nothing, if necessary,
rather than have their salaries cut. the
firemen are grumbling. They have
suggested that each company be laid
off for a month and they be given an
opportunity to work at something else
rather than donate their services for
six weeks. They also object to signing 1
an agreement relinquishinr all claim to
pay for thi»t period, if at some future
time funds should be available.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
E7JJRTISEMENTS.
IOANE'S"
Gentlemen's ' large Easy
Chairs and Rockers, uphol-
stered in the latest style of
Velours. the latest style of
Durs $14,00 Each
Ladies', Inlaid Mahogany fin-
ish Rockers with handsomely
upholstered seats and backs
$12, 00 Each
A large line of 3-piece Parlor
Suits. From $25.00 per suit
A large assortment of odd
pieces of Furniture suitable
for Holiday Gifts at prices
ranging from. . . $1,00 upward
Choice selections of Orien-
tal, English and Domestic
hoice selections of Orien-
English and Domestic
Rugs.
Sofa Pillows, Silk and Ve-
lour Table Covers, Silk and
Lace Curtains, etc.
Open Evenings Until Christmas.
(s Curtains, etc.
Evenings Until Christmas.
W. &J. SLO ANE & CO.
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery
641, 643, 645, 647 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
*v&* PALACE .■«* 3
°GRAND" ZMkM*
o 9 ah FitAnciaco. r
t Connected by a covered passageway. *■
O UOO Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attaohed. *■
O All Under One Management. Q
n NOTE THE P&I0E8: Q
,«. Europoan PI an. 81 .00 per day and upward ,_
V American P)an.sB.OO per day and upward <•*
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOSS 0. lIBKPATaiCE. Kaaigtr. Q
0000 O O O O 0000 O O O
Baja California
DAMI BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodialne and speciflo tonlo
{or the sexual . and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases at th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRONE. A(?enti.
223 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DR.MULTY:
riIHIS WELL-KNOWN AND KELIABr.EOLD
J. Speciullstc!«r» Private. Nervoua, and Blood JDU*
phsps Oi Men only. ■ Boo* on Prlvttte Dl&easfa and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over2oy'rV experience.
PatleD tscui-pdat Home. Terras rpnson:ibl<\ n&nn9
t4-)3d:i115-;6.30to8::« ev'gs.SiiiKinyMOtoll. ( orimil. ■
tatlon free and sacredly confldential. C'aJl.oraddress
P. KOBCOR McNUIiTT, ai.D.
86? am y »t., San Francisco. Cal.
WEEKLY CALL;
$1.50 per Year.NOT PAUPERS
NOR OBJECTS
OF CHARITY
Drought-Stricken Farmers
Simply Want Aid to Tide
Over a Bad Season.
KING CITY, Dec. 20.— Nothing has
■ surprising to the people of
SI Lte than the hysteri
the Examiner in rushing
■ this city for distribu
• - I stated in my dispatch of
. there is no immediate need
: food for the people, no urgency ::
tance, nothing but a grave condi
which i.s confronting thtse people
owing to lack of rain and shortness of
c rops.
The ready response of Claus Spreck
c!s to the request of Governor Hudd and
his advance of $25,000 to the State was
all that is required to meet the condi
tions that ari- present and nothing but
ssions of gratiiude are heard on
any side for his noble deed. On the
oher hand there is nothing but con
demnation of the precipitancy of the
Examiner in making a display of the
requirements i i the country to adver
tise Itself, and while those who are
profiting by this unseemly haste are
taking the goods th< y are, at the same
time, denouncing the paper for its
meth
The facts are plain as was outlined in
my previous dispatch, that the crying
need of the 1 I for their
stock to tide them over until the farm
able to help themselves.
Thee are not in any sense of
the wort paupers, nor do they Bolicit
charity. They simply desire to be tided
a bad time until they shall be
help themselves and repay
whatever shall be given them. Their
live stock is in bad condition and they
exhausted their credit at the
they have been trading,
and now they are confronted by a state
Df affairs that compels them to call toi
aid friti t larg [f they are
given this aid they will stand on solid
ground and continue in the future, as
have been In the past, self-respect
citizens*
No a car! attach to
the merchants for withholding credit,
too, have their limits of en
\\ hieh have been reached. The
n no longer furnish sup
plies and th<_- farmers must hav^
. and seed for their fields
or face ruin. What th want
and what they ask is to be helped to
B. If this help is [
by the Stai will reclaim a prosper
dus community and the 123,000 advanced
by Mr. Spreckels is amply sufficient to
. - ots. This
money shouid be invested in hay fur the
stock r the fields. It is
that many families will need
furthi ad th would best i
• 1 through the County Super
.versant with the
- and who are best able to tell
axe worthy of aid.
Th< i any men in the wide ter
• 1 ir: the district men
• 1 in my : lispatcb.es who
:" the inexperi
and who would rush to
ace i: : dif it were promiscuously of
fered, l'Ut the great bulk "f the people
especting and will resent
th- Implication that they are public
charges. If tl onsulted in the
ill prefer to accept the
as a loan and repay it whm
are more propitious. I have
lays studying the situa
and while I have been compelled to
:. to all Borts and conditions of
■ md to accept without question the
: men who seemed to be re
liable, my (.(inclusions are that the
commissioners appointed by Governor
Budd should proceed with great care
and they will then find that the money
■1 in their hands will be amply
rill requirements as
at exist. They will find
th>- farmers need hay to carry
: Btock through and seed to DUt
ground to be ready for the
vain. There will be a
bility of the need of certain cash
.able the farmers to reclaim their
horses from pasturage and to enable
them to tide over a short time of strin
gency.
Rain has fallen to-day and the indi
cations are that the drought is broken.
If such t»e the ca.se there will be no
need of further assistance than the
check of Mr. Spreckels will furnish.
, Hhould the drought continue there will
be ample time for the Governor to take
puch further action as may be deemed
best, wirhout theatrical display or
hysterical effort on the part of a yel-
Irt'w newspaper. As the ease now
stands, the crisis has been met and
when the money i? distributed the dan
ger will be averted.
WORK OF RELIEF
WELL UNDER WAY
Money Advanced by Claus Spreckels
Being Utilized to Aid Those
in Want.
James D. Ph»lan, Mayor of San
Francisco; F. W. Dohrmann of the
Merchants 1 Association, and A. B.
president of the State Board
of Agriculture, met as a relief commis
rday afternoon at the Palace
Hotefl. These gentlemen were appoint
ed by Governor Budd to supervise the
disbui at of $25,000 advanced by
Claus Spreckels for the relief of fann
y and San Luis Obispo
counties. The Governor at once turned
over to the commission a check from
Claus Spi • : $25,000.
The commission organized by elect
ing F. W. Dohrmann chairman. A. B.
Spre> h surer -"<i L. M. King, su
perintendent, of the Merchants' Associa
tion, secretary.
The treasurer was authorized to de
posit the chuck to the credit of the re
oomznission at the Bank of Cali
fornia. Checks on t he- fund are to be
signed by the chairman and the treas
urer of the commission.
<"halrman Dohrmann offered on be
half of the Merchants' Association the
services of its officers and attaches
without charge to the commission,
which offer was accei
It was resolved that Secretary King
and such assistants as the Merchants'
Association may fnrnish be sent to in
vestigate the conditions in the dis
tressed section. Mr. Kine wns directed
I ■ advise with and ask fur the co-oper
ation of C. Melandcr, of Vanderhurst,
fcanborn & Co., and J. H. Besse of King
city, and other business men of that
community. Mr. King and assistants
were directed to start for King City
:.n Friday morning.
It was r^polvd that the secretary of
the commission be authorized to grant
relief to persons in need of immediate
BY C. E. EDWORDS.
assistance. The secretary is to report
on blanks to be prepared for that pur
pose any further applications for as
sistance or advance of necessities or
feed or seed, such applications to be
considered and acted upon by the com
mission.
It was further resolved to purchase
four car loads of alfalfa hay for the
immediate relief of the suffering live
stock in the distressed district. It was
directed that this hay be distributed
immediately by the secretary after con
ferring with Messrs. Melander and
Besse.
A. B. Spreekels ws pur
i chase the four car loads of hay and ship
I immediately, subject to the secretary's
I orders, to Kings >'ity.
A. B. Sprecktis. who recently return
ed from the destitute district, explain
ed that the most urgt-nt demand was
for hay for horses and cows. He re
marked that early in the season the
farmers of the Pajaro Valley had sent
in supplies • : I od for the destitute
families in the vicinity of Kings City
and that further supplies of bacon, flour
and beans could be readily sent to the
people who were in actual need of food.
His observations convinced him that
the greatest need was sustenance for
the live stock. H.» noted while driving
through the district that the cows were
so weak that they could not get out of
the way of teams. Many of the far
mers were dependent upon their horses
to put in another crop: therefore, it
was essential that the horses should be
provided with hay in order to give
them strength to work.
The farmers who went to that region
at tho instance of Mr. Spreckels d
need hay for their live stock, as ample
quantities have been supplied by A. B.
Spr-'ckels from time To time. The big
men in the live stock business can bor
row money from the harks to buy feed,
so that a vast quantity of hay will not
be required. Thp leading merchants
at Kings City have a list of th.- desti
tute and know the families actually in
need rf immediate help.
H. E. Eppinger, president of the Pro
duce Exchange, r ceived day before
yesterday a letter from A. M. Lawrence
asking the exchange to contribute
money to enable the Examiner to send
car loads of barley and ha-- to the des
titute farmers. When the board con
vened yesterday morninsr the letter was
read and the subject brought before the
exchange. F. H. Wheelan. vice presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Milling
Company, said that the distress was
not as great as reports represented it to
be. He called the attention of the mem
bers to the fact that the State was able
t.> render all the assistance necessa-v
as Claus Spreckels had placed in the
hands of the Governor a check for (25 -
000. which amount was ample for "all
purposes of reHef. The mention of
1. lavs Spreckels 1 name elicited anplause
from the members. The soliciting let
ter from Mr. Lawrence did not receive
further attention, as the membprs of
the Produce Exchange considered that
the subject of providing relief for the
destitute was in the hands of a respon
sible commission appointed by the
Governor of the State.
TO PROMOTE A WAR
AGAINST TUBERCULOSIS
Meeting at Marlborough House, at
Which the Prince of Wales
Presided.
LONDON*. Dec. 20. - The Prince of
Waifs presided at a private meeting at
Marlborough Hou.se to-day, convened i,y
him to promote a war against tubercu
1' 'SIS.
The Marquis of Salisbury, the Earl of
Rosebory and a number of noted scien
tistfl and physicians spoke of the urgent
necessity of educating the people in the
means of preventing consumption and
checking the spread of tuberculosis
diseases among cattle. Special stress was
laid upon the importance of erecting open
uir sanitaria.
The Prince of Wales, who promised his
heartiest support to the movement said
Great Britain ou^ht to follow the g-ood
example set before her in the United
States, Germany and elsewhere in the ef
fort to stamp out the disease. He men
tioned the fact that the Queen had or
dered the destruction of thirty-six of her
dairy cows which had been found to have
tuberculosis. It was an example, he
urged, such as the farmers ought to fol
low.
ALASKANS BURIED
BY AN AVALANCHE
ON CHILCOOT PASS
At Least Six Persons Crushed
to Death Near the Summit
of the Divide.
SEATTLE. Wash., Dec. 20.— The steamer Al-Ki which arrived here to
day from Alaska brings meager particulars of an avalanche on the Chil
koot Pass, in which at least six people were killed. Five bodies have been
recovered, as follows:
MRS. DARLING, of Lake Linderman, and her two sons.
BERT JOHNS of Juneau.
HARRY SHAW of Skaguay.
The slide occurred on December 9 at Crater Lake, about one mile be
yond the summit, on the Lake Linderman side.
Mrs. Darling's husband was at Lake Linderman, and she had arranged
to join him with her two sons, who had almost reached manhood. Shaw
was a Skaguay man who had business at the Lake. Bert Johns of Ju
ntitu was about 18 years of age, and the reason for his taking the dan
gerous trip does not appear. He was a friend of the Darling boys. The
name of the sixth person had not been ascertained.
Contrary to the advice of old timers, who realized that the trip was a
dangerous one in view of recent storms, the party set out with light out
fits. It was storming severely when they crossed the summit, but they
succeeded in reaching Crater Lake, where the blizzard forced them to camp,
although it was but seven miles to their destination.
While encamped there tons of ice and snow, mixed with rocks and tim
bers, swept over them, evidently without warning, and went on down the
valley, leaving them buried under several feet of hard snow.
Their bodies were found three days later by a searching party. Thft
bodies were not bruised in the least.
A peculiar coincident is that the news of the slide was brought by the
same steamer that brought word of the terrible slide last spring, in which
nearly sixty people perished. Another coincident is that the two slides oc
curred just about the same distance from the summit, but on opposite
sides.
Just before the Al-Ki left Skaguay, G. Bald Mills of London, England,
and A. T. Smith of Melbourne, Australia, arrived from Lake Atlin with
their feet and hands badly frozen. It is feared Mills will lose both feet.
THE SAN FKAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 189 S.
TELLS OF THE
EXPEDITION
TO SANTIAGO
Shatter Before War
Investigators.
CUBAN CAMPAIGN A SUCCESS
THE GENERAL PRAISES DOC
TORS AND STAFF OFFICERS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
■WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— General
Shafter appeared rather unexpectedly
before the War Investigation Commis
sion this afternoon and told his story
of the Santiago expedition. He was
supported by his aid. Colonel Mlley,
who was with him in Cuba, and flanked
by a large portmanteau of papers, to
which his aid occasionally applied for
reference.
General Shafter's story of the opera
tions around Santiago was tersely told,
but at this quite vivid in its recital
and interesting in detail. Briefly
summed up his estimate of the San
tiago expedition was that it had been
a military success and cheap at the
cost of 500 men lost in the fight. He
considered the expedition to have been
as well fitted out as the time allowed
would permit, and said that in looking
back he had no criticism of his plans to
make and would not change them if the
events had to be gone through again.
He said he had no complaints of any
sort to make and would be loath to in
trude them at this time if he had.
The commission stated that General
Miles to-day communicated to the com
mission his unwillingness to volunteer
testimony. A message was accordingly
sent to the adjutant general directing
him to request the appearance of Gen
eral Miles before the board. No reply
had been received to this communica
tion when General Shafter rather un
expectedly appeared.
After a brief preface General Shafter
went into a detailed account of his
preparations for the Santiago expedi
tion. He said his plans were changed
three times by the department. He
Bald the transport fleet was not suffi
ciently large to accommodate 17,000
men for any length of time at sea. but
all were so anxious to go that he risked
considerable crowding to take all the
men possible. He admitted that he
took chances in doing this, but said the
weather was good and there was no
mishap to regret. The men were regu
lars almost entirely, fully equipped and
he saw that they were made comfort
able as circumstances permitted.
As for medical supplies. General
Shafter said: "You know medical sud
plies are the one thing that a com
manding general or a line officer m-vor
knows anything about. The surgeon
is supposed to know what he wants.
My medical officer said he thought he
had enough medical supplies for the
temporary service to which we thought
we were destined. Events proved, bow
ever, that the surgeon was mistaken.
The ammunition supply was ample."
General Shafter said he regarded the
landing of the expedition as eminently
successful. They lost only two men
and thirty animals out of a total of
20,000 men. It was a remarkable re
cord.
"There has been considerable criti
cism from the medical officers about
getting medical supplies ashore." said
General Beaver. "Were any such com
plaints brought to you?"
"A majority of the regimental sur
geons left their medir- 1 chests on their
vessels. When I found this out, I put
Dr. Goodfellow aboard the Manitou and
had him collect these chests. As soon
as they were landed they were put on
four wagons and -"••-' 'buted at once to
the men."
As to the care of the wounded, Gen
eral Shafter said that .they were cared
for as carefully as the circumstances
would permit. "The doctors worked
like Trojans. They deserved and re
ceived commendation from every one.
They worked till they were sick and
worn out. The doctors were mostly
young men. You can't get very old and
experienced surgeons to go on a sum
mer campaign for $100 a month. But
they were splendid fellows. Compared
with the civil war the wounded were
better cared for in Cuba than they
were then.''
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON', Dec. 20.-The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations: R.
A. Freidrich of California, district at
torney. District of Alaska. To be mar
fhal. F. C. Ramsey, District of Idaho-
Arizona, J. Mahoney, Winslow.
TWO VERSIONS OF THE
POLICY OF EXPANSION
WILLIAMS AGAINST
IT IN THE HOUSE
He Vigorously Opposes
Holding Philippines.
FILIPINOS HARD TO CONTROL
ANNEXATION HOSTILE TO OUR
INSTITUTIONS.
One Way Out of the Difficulty, Says
the Mississippi Statesman,
Would Be to Sell the Is
lands to England.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— The House
to-day listened to the first speech on
the annexation of the Philippines. Wil
liams of Mississippi, a Democratic
member of the Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, in an hour's speech, stated his op
position to a policy which would bring
the islands under the sphere of the
United States infl-.ence. He contended
that it would be hostile to the spirit of
our institutions to assume control over
9,000,000 unwilling souls; that annexa
tion would cost us $140,000,000 a year;
that the annexation of the islands met
none of the tests which applied to our
past acquisitions of territory and would
be a mistake from a social, political and
material standpoint. Williams' re
marks received careful attention and
several times drew applause from his
Democratic colleagues.
The agricultural apropriatlon bill was
passed without material amendment. It
carried $3,6%, 322, or $187,120 more than
the current law.
At the opening of the session of the
House Cannon called up the conference
report on the army and navy deficiency
bill and moved its adoption.
De Armond (Dem.) of Missouri asked
whether the reapportionment of the bal
ance of the $50,000,000 to be expended
under the direction of the President would
in any way sanction or authorize the pay
ment' out "of that fund of $100,000 each to
Whitelaw Reid and Judge Day for ser
vices as Peace Commissioners.
Cannon said he knew nothing about it
and, on his statement that this reappor
tionment made no change authorizing
such an expenditure, the report was
adopted.
The House went into committee of the
whole on the agricultural bill. Wads
worth (R.) of New York explained that
it carried $3,696,322, an increase of $157.120
over the current law.
Williams (D.) of ■ Mississippi took ad
vantage of the latitude allowed in debate
while in committee of the whole to make
an ar<urm-nt against the annexation of
the Philippines. Physically, he said, the
Islands would prove a great disappoint
ment. They were thickly populated with
peoples of heterogeneous races. They
could never afford home or opportunity
for American citizens. In the annexation
of territory of the post the area annexed
had been always coterminous, except in
the cast of Alaska, and we had in each
case increased our population and our
power of national defense. These had
been the tests in the past. The Philip
pines fulfilled none of these tasks. In the
case of Cuba, if Cuba should be willing
in the future to throw her lot with us,
the ease would be different. Sixty-six per
cent of Cuba's population was Caucasian,
a fact not generally known. Her people
could easily be assimilated. Cuba was
practically contiguous. She lay directly
within the sphere of American influence.
"We want no unwilling subjects," said
Williams. "We want no opportunity for
the exercise of tyranny. The South is
especially hostile to the absorption of a
great population alien in race, blood and
color and customs."
Annexation would project us 7000 miles
in the melee of the Orient. We would
have to hold in subjection 9,000,000 Fil
ipinos at a cost of $140,000,000 annually,
and as the House was considering an ag
ricultural bill it might be well to bear In
mind that the increased taxes could be
shifted and shifted until they reached
the farmer, who would pay in the end.
He argued that under the fifteenth con
stitutional amendment citizenship could
not be denied the natives of the islands
if they were annexed. He had been asked
why, if Mississippi had been able to deal
with the race question, the people of the
United States would not be able to do so
In the Philippines. The difference was
that the people of Mississippi understood
the problem with which it had to deal. It
came home to thorn by actual contact
The people of the United States who have
to solve it would do so theoretically and
they would fall. There must be white su
premacy. If white supremacy were not
guaranteed in Hawaii he declared that 90
per cent of the Caucasians would not re
main there.
While he opposed the annexation he
said he should not return the Philippines
to Spain. "I should leave the islands
where they were the day after Dewev's
glorious victory at Manila. I should haul
down the American flag. I am for the
flag for what it means, not for itself It
is nothing but a piece of bunting, and
whtn some one announces that it must
not come down. I care not how high his
station, he says something unworthy of
himself and his country. The flag should
come down if It Is right that it should do
so, and the American people must pull it
down. We would not let any other coun
try do It." (Prolonged applause on the
Democratic side.)
Proceeding AVilliams argued that if the
Philippines could not take care of them
selves they would fall under the influence
of 1- ranee or Germany. Our interest in
them was the commercial interest We
had in the East generally an interest In
an 'open door" policy. If any othc-r coun
try got possession of the Philippines it
would not do worse than Spain did" In any
event, our trade with the Philippines was
a more drop in the bucket, and if we re
tained possession of them we would sac
rifice the open door policy in the Orient
or go back on the constitution. There was
still another solution of the problem'
Williams said. If we do not want to give
the islands their independence or let them
fall under the sway of another country
we could sell them as a war indemnity to
England. She would bring to them civil
ization. The islands would get freedom
of religion and freedom of trade and we
would get rid of a military, political
racial, social and naval problem and an
everlasting, perpetual foreign policy
Williams' remarks were listened to with
careful attention and his colleagues gavv
h'm a hearty round of applause when he
oncluded.
No further time was occupied in general
debate, and the bill was read for amend
ment under the five-minute rule.
The provision inserted in the bill to be
used as a means of retaliating against
Germany and other countries was passed
with a slight amendment, which gives the
Secretary of the Treasury discretion in
refusing the delivery of goods adultera
ted instead of making refusal to deliver
such goods mandatory.
A provision in the bill to grant leaves of
absence to employes of the Bureau of
Animal Industry outside of Washington
wc-nt but on a point of order.
The bill was passed without further
amendments. At 5 o'clock the House ad
journed.
Wine Cellar Destroyed.
NAPA, Dec. 20.— Antonio Carbona's
barn and wine cellar with contents were
burned last night. The probable loss Is
$20,000, partially Insured.
. The bargains in children's books and
games are features to please both old and
younp at our store. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741 Market street. •
FAVORED BY TELLER
IN THE SENATE
Says Uncle Sam Should
Acquire Territory.
UPHOLDS RIGHT OF CONQUEST
THINKS NEW POSSESSIONS WILL
MAKE GOOD STATES.
By Giving the People of the Islands
Self-Government the Necessity
of Large Standing Armies
Would Be Removed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— 1n accord
ance with the notice given yesterday,
Teller of Colorado to-day addressed the
Senate on Vest's resolution, declaring
that under the constitution no author
ity is given to acquire territory to be
held and governed permanently as col
onies.
Teller's address was a constitutional ar
gument, which he prefaced by saying
that in view of Platt's very able expo
sition of the question he (Teller) might
omit properly much that he had intended
to discuss. He did not think there
was the slightest question of the power
of this Government to acquire foreign
territory.
"If we are a nation," he declared, "we
have ttie power to exercise the right of a
nation— all the rights of any sovereign
power." When the country was called
upon in 1861 to meet this question it met
it fairly and settled It for all time. So
far as the United States was concerned
the question was setttled finally at Ap
pomattox.
"Then," declared Teller, "we took our
place as a nation, endowed with all the
powers of a sovereign, and we possess
those powers to-day."
Referring to the territory acquired by
the United States during the recent war,
Teller said:
"We have already acquired this terri
tory. We need, as a matter of fact, no
treaty with Spain to confirm our right to
It. By right of conquest— a right undis
puted—we come into .possession of Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Asiatic archipelago.
They are ours just as certainly as they
could be made so by treaty."
Teller discussed briefly the statement
of Vest that many of the deeds of cession
of foreign . territory acquired by the
United States contain clauses providing !
that the territory ultimately should be
created into States of the Union.
"We can confer statehood upon these
Territories when in our judgment it is
proper so to do. Nobody can call into
question our right to exercise our judg
ment in this matter. If we acquire terri
tory the very act carries with it the right
to govern. Who," he demanded with dra
matic force, "can govern now in Cuba or
in Porto Rico but the United States?
That Question is settled— settled by the
very circumstances of the cas'a The
question is now, What disposition shall
we make of the territory that has come i
into our possession?"
Teller thought it a duty of our people i
and legislators to keep Jn mind constantly
the great principle upon which this Gov- I
ernment is founded— that the just powers
of a government are derived from the
consent of the governed.
"We ought." said he, "to extend to the
people of these possessions the power to
govern themselves as soon as they are
prepared to exercise that power. We are
coming to deal with the greatest question
the American people have met since 1861.
I anticipate much difficulty and embar
rassment, but have at no time felt the
distrusts that have been manifested by
many of our people."
"If this Government will say to the peo
ple of this acquired territory," said Teller.
" 'We will give self-government,' we will
not need an army of 50,000 men in Cuba,
20.000 in Porto Rico and 30.000 in the Philip
pines. To. say this to thosp people Is the
only way to escape a great standing army.
"I am not one," he said, further along, !
"to turn these possessions back to Spain, !
but I do believe that we ought to give I
them the opportunity to govern them- I
selves. I may say that nobody wants i
these possessions made into States now.
No public man is in favor of such a plan,
so far as I am aware, yet. in course of j
time, we may take them in."
So far and as soon as possible. Teller
believed the inhabitants of Cuba should
b€ given self-government, but he did not ;
believe that the United States should i
leave the infant power thus established I
as a prey of any other nation, either i
through conquest "or treaty. He believed I
it folly to speak of "imperialism" as ap- ;
plied to this country. J*o man or Senate .
of men had any intention of establish- i
ing in this country the European policy of ;
imperialism, and none would champion
Buch a course.
Proctor here interrupted Teller to read
an extract from a letter from Admiral
Dewey concerning the character of the
Filipinos, as follows: "These people can
be governed without the slightest diffi- !
cultv They readily give in to reason. |
and"l have not had the slightest difficulty |
in dealing with them."
Proctor also read an extract from the
letter of an army officer, speaking in
terms of praise of the Filipinos and indi
cating that there need be no difficulty >
with them. ...
The House resolution providing to ad- |
iourn Congress from December 21 to Jan- <
vary 4 was adopted without division.
Several private pension bltts were dis
posed of after which Elkins called up
the bill relating to the registry of foreign
built vessels wrecked in this country. E.l
kins asserted that we pay a million dol- ;
lars a day to foreign built ships The bal- \
ance of trade appeared to have been $600,
000,000 in our favor for the last year, but
as a matter of fact, it was only about half
that, as so large a portion of it went to
°TUlman asked: "If we annex the Phil
ippines where will our coast trade end?"
Elkins replied that he hoped it would
end In the Philippines, but that was an
extraneous question and he did not want
At 2 o'ciock the Nicaragua canal bill, j
the unfinished business, was taken up, to ;
the displacement of the registry measure, j
Caffery spoke in opposition to the canal
bill. He said the proposition to connect
the two oceans by means of a canal was
so attractive to the imagination as to
cause many people to accept it as a wise
enterprise, regardless of appeal to rea
son on its merits. He deprecated the per
sonal attacks upon the members of the
Maritime Canal Company, but indicated
his belief that the bill was an attack upon i
the treasury of the United States. He de
clared the enterprise under the bill was in
violation of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,
in contravention to the concession from
the Isthmian countries and In opposition i
to our own constitution. These proposi- '
tions he undertook to maintain by an
analysts of the bill by sections.
While Caffery was speaking a message
was received from the House of Repre- >
sentatives announcing that an amend- ;
ment of the Senate, the final question in i
controversy, to the ■war and navy de- j
flciency bill, had been agreed to. This
passed the measure and as soon as signed !
it will go to the President.
Without having concluded his remarks |
Caffery at 4:10 p. m. yielded to Gallinger,
and on his motion the Senate went into
executive session. At 5:10 p. m. the Sen
ate adjourned.
Shot by a Companion.
EUREKA, ' Dec. 20.— Deputy Coroner
Skinner was summoned to Red Bluff, fif
teen miles south of this city, to-day to
hold 'an:: Inquest -.'.' over .t. the ■ body of the
young- son of H. Thompson, who was acci
dentally shot by a companion while hunt
ing. -:■-■;- ■.-—,;-• -.: ,-^. :•-.;;■■•;.;..-..... ;;■
FRENZIED WOMEN
LEAP TO DEATH
Jump From a Burning
Residence.
TERROR COSTS THREE LIVES
A MAN CARRIED DOWN WITH
ONE OF THE VICTIMS.
Mrs. C. H. Haymond, First President
of the New York Red Cross
Society, Numbered Among
the Killed.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20.— Three women
were killed and a man was severely in
jured to-day owing to a fire at the resi
dence of C. H. Raymond at West End
avenue and Seventy-third street. Mrs.
Underwood, a sister of Mrs. Raymond,
leaped from a second-floor window. Her
head struck the sidewalk and death
was instantaneous. William Doerr, in
trying to rescue Mrs. Underwood, sus
tained a fracture of the skull which will
probably result in death. Mrs. C. H.
Raymond followed Mrs. Underwood out
of the window and was picked up in
sensible, dying to-night, while Mr. Ray
mond was carried from the house un
conscious from smoke. After the flames
were extinguished, the body of Harriet
Fee was found on the third floor of the
house. She had been overcome by the
smoke.
A superb collection of pictures and
tapestries, owned by Mr. Raymond, was
entirely destroyed.
The fire was discovered by some one
passing in the street. When the fire
men arrived they could not get into the
building, as the flames burst out in
such volume that the men were driven
back. Mr. and Mrs. Raymond appeared
at windows of the third-story front and
Mrs. Underwood at a necond-story win
dow.
The firemen ran ladders to the upper
stories, and William Doerr, a railroad
conductor, volunteered to go up. Mrs.
Raymond and Mrs. Underwood could be
seen climbing out of the windows, and
the firemen and crowd begged them to
go back. Doerr was halfway up the
ladder, when Mrs. Underwood jumped
from the window, striking him full in
the breast and carrying him with her to
the street. Then the firemen bore away
Mrs. Underwood, while others rescued
Doerr. Mrs. Underwood was dead and
Doerr apparently dying, their skulls
having been crushed.
Meantime Mrs. Raymond, who could
not be restrained by her husband, had
jumped out of the window, and was
fatally hurt. Two firemen, who climbed
a ladder to the third story, rescued Mr.
Raymond just as he was overcome by
the smoke. Ferguson, the butler, es
caped by the rear. His face was bad
ly lacerated owing to his falling while
making his escape.
It was after the fire had been sub
dued that the body of Harriet Fee was
found. All the clothing had been burned
off and the corpse was black from the
flames.
Mrs. Underwood had come from Ohio
to spend the holidays with her sister,
Mrs. Raymond.
Mrs. Raymond was the first presi
dent of the New York Red Cross and
was also chief patron of the Red Cross
Hospital. Upon the opening of hostili
ties with Spain Mrs. Raymond volun
teered to go to any post to which the
society might assign her. The flags
carried by the Red Cross steamer
Texas when it carried supplies to the
front were the work and gift of Mrs.
Raymond. __^_______
SHAFTER WILL RETURN
TO SAN FRANCISCO
Will Be Placed in Command of the
Department of Cali
fornia.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— A Washington
special says: It has been decided by the
"\Y;;r Department to reinstate General
Merritt in command of the Department of
the East," whence he was taken for his
mission to Manila, and send General
Shafter back to the Pacific Coast in com
mand of the Department of California.
The orders will be issued soon after Gen
eral Merritt's conference with the Presi
dent and Secretary Alger.
Stanford Lecture Series.
STANFORD. Dec. 2 1 ).— Rabbi Voorsanger
•will begin a one-hour course of lectures
next semester on "The Jew{sh Frame
work of Christianity." The lectures will
be twelve in number and will be given
on successive Monday mornings in con
junction with a series on "The Life and
Teachings of Christ" by other distin
guished speakers.
HUDYAN.
HUDYAN
CURES.
UCyn.C9f • ■•■
YOUNG MAX. Regain your lost strength;
\OUX<t MAX. stop the .wasting away of
YOUNG MAX. the body by using tha
lorXO MAX. great remedy-treatment--
YOUNG MAX. , HUDYAN.
HUDYAN CURES
Lost Manhood. Nervous Debility, Melan-
cholia. Constipation, . Falling Sensa-
tions. Lack of Energy, Lack of Power,
Lack of Capacity, -Nervous Twitching of
the Ey«»s and other parts — th«
entire system Is strengthened and ln-
. Tlgorated by wonderful HUDYAN.
HUDYAN CURES
... Nervousness. Debility ...
. . . and Stops Emissions ...
CIRCULARS FREE,
...', . CALL OK VlltlTß mm
TAINTED BLOOD.
TAINTED • BLOOD — '— First, ■ • secondary or
TAINTED BLOOD — -tertiarj' forms of blood
TAINTED BLOOD— . are manl-
TAINTED BLOOD— tested by Copper-colored
TAINTED BLOOD— Spots. Itching Skin, Ir-
7AINTED BLOOD ritated. Dry. ' Parched
TAINTED . BLOOD— Throat, Ulcers in ; th« :
TAINTED BLOOD— Mouth. Falling Hair ancl
TAINTED BLOOD— Bad ; Blood. When in
TAINTED ; BLOOD— condition . ycu , must
TAINTED ; BLOOD— act promptly. The best
TAINTED ■ BLOOD do is the Sure 30-Day
TAINTED BLOOD— Cure. :. Call or write for
TAINTED " BLOOD
; r—
30-Day Cure Circulars, j
CONSULT THE DOCTORS FREE.
Hudson Medical Institute,
. Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., • •
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. " : J -
I ADVZIIITISEMEIfTS.
I 10,000
WATCHES
1 GIVEN AWAY.
BUY YOUR SHOES
NOLAN^BRGS.
PHELAN BUILDING,
AXD GET
A WATCH FREE,
M WITH A PURCHASE OF
H. 910 we give a FARMER'S STRONG '
H WATCH.
H $15 a MECHANIC'S WATCH, stem
pj winding and stem set.
H S2O your choice of a LADY'S, GEN-
tf TLEMAN'S OR BOY'S OPEN-
M FACED WATCH.
H $30 a GENTLEMAN'S handsomely
Ej engraved, latest style watch.
W 840 a LADY'S OR GENTLEMAN'S
H HANDSOME GOLD WATCH.
II If you do not need sufficient shoes
| to get a watch, ASK YOUR FRIENDS
1 AND NEIGHBORS TO SAVE THEIR
| PURCHASE CHECKS FOR YOU.
fa We have lust Issued ■ 100.000 cata-
|3 logues. Send us your address on a
H postal card and get a catalogue that
U will save you 10 to $20.
I Nolan Bros. Shoe Go.
I 812-814 MARKET STREET,
1 Phelan Building.
Pj JOHN A. KENNEDY, .Mana er.
1899
BICYCLES.
~, ■ 1 A $40.00
Cleveland $50.00
„ ' $25.00
Crescent $35.00
NOW IN STOCK.
FULL LINE OP JUVENILE $20.00
BICYCLES '. $25.00
LEAVITT & BILL,
3Qg Larkln St.
Use 'f^ l^ and
Facial Soap y&iy Facial Cream.
Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream and
Facial and Tooth Powder will be found effica-
cious for preventing Wrinkles, Freckles oe
chapping, cleansing and preserving the teeth.
THE
Children's Hospital
iNVITES the attention. of the public to
the need of attention the public
the need of IMMEDIATE and SUB-
STANTIAL DONATIONS if the Institu-
tion is to be kept open. The "Hospital
for Children and Training School for
Nurses" Is in desperate circumstances.
During- the past year there has been no
public entertainment given for this
j worthy charity, and because of the gen-
' eral interest of the people in Red Cross
| work and needs of soldiers the hospital
i has received but little private help.
DO NOT FORCET
THE SICK CHILDREN.
DONATIONS of groceries, linen, cloth-
| ing, fuel, drugs, etc.. WILL. BE SENT
I FOR at any time designated. Donations
received at
COULTER BROTHERS,
227 Slitter Street.
Dr. Wong Him, No*.
!fflWßa 115 and 117 Mason street,
CS£S~* fl^a San Francisco. — This
Kj{> V is to certify that I have
jjKatPg; f been for several yeara
(B^T[ *■ ji a great sufferer from
&MR\ H Bright's Disease of tha
jpijpt* I Kidneys, a tumor in tha
JHKk,. y ( left side and other dia-
jsßa&***^ fefcv euses incidental to fe-
.^RSgiJ^^^^CJ^H^males; that I have for
vfjgjffl3£f3n39£TOal^ weeks and months at a
"i^Ef^BSKjß* r time been totally unabla
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much ot
the time confined to the bed. Nothing could
be done for me that afforded more than tempo-
rary relief. ' About three months ago I was ad-
vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my first Interview, after feeling my pulse,
you described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After using
your medicine and following your advice sinca
that time I am vary happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully able to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a larga
family of children; Indeed, for the past 15 or 20
years I have not enjoyed as robust health.
MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE,
3STI 24th street, Saa Francisco. Cal.
October 18. 18S8. ■
fllffl^ VITALIS
THE NEW
lsi DaT- / *p ' 4>©i| FSICII P U
yitaus Ktsißi y- SC'^B QEyenv
PRODI THE ABUTS 30th Day. ftkmCUlll
RBSCLTB. ]tqui:kl>*screlrremove»NerTomnesi Impotaner
Nightly Emission*. It-.I Dreams Wnting Diseases and »11 effscta
of -*bus« or ezeess and indiierrtlon. Restores Lost Vitality
Power and Tailing Mtniory. Wardj oS Insanity and Con»ump-
«on. Cnres when a!l others fail. Insist on haying VITALI
no other. Can be carried in the test pocket. By mail #1.00
p«r packai-sersU'for $5.00 with a gturactes to Cure or
KefMn.l the Money, Circular Free. Address •'
CALTTMET riPfro.. M4l»rp-I>orn «t.. Cntoag*
■oM by Owl Dm* Co.. B. F.. ul OakUad.
ENNYROVAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
•f^v Orlsloml and Only Genuine. ";A.• - ' "
•*«. sjway* reUabl*. > laoics ask 2SV'
JMVl&iiHi D.-agjiit for CMchester s Englith D^t-Jgn£t
mPilgi'ywifomond trend In Hed and Gud metallic VmSr
T-v — -^HPjboxe*. sealed wlUi blue ribbon. Talle\^^
7tl 3r^ Si»3 no other. Xefiut dangrrou* rul»:uu- ■▼
I / ~ nftiontand imitation!. At DroggiiU. or ■es44ab
I W ~MF in ttarrpi for particulars, testimonials a&&
\ tß* . wS " Relief far Ladlca," in Utttr. by rtXnrm '
■-V-- If MelL 10.000 T-n-.ai.nUU. Kmiu Poptr.
_ ,/— rCItI<-iic«t«r Chemical Co..M«dlson «kt«ar«k
MI4 by all Local urnggisti. vn Xt . » l>V_ fA
r-Mlil.'.fJW—
Oppression, bullocdiion, Keurdl^ia, etc.; cureu Dy
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES; or POWDER
P*rii, i. £3?: C ; New York. E. FOUGERA k CO.
I SOLD BT ALL DRUGGISTS.: .
DR.PIERCES ""
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
■ / . ; ■.-.■; FOR THE :"= ■■ ' ■
I LIVER, LUNGS.
DI>TTC IItTC FOR BAKBERS. BAK-
' brewers, bookbinders, csndr- ruaken. nnera. • ■
dyers, flourmilla, foundrie*. Uundrlea. ; pa,p«r- .
hangers, -. prlntera, painters, shoe % fmctorta«»
stablemen, tar-roofera. tanners.' tailors. «tc.
BUCHANAN 8R05..:
: Brush AiaAuiacturorSs 609. Sacramento 3S
34
WAR CLOUD GATHERS.
JANUARY 2S— The battle-ship Maine was
ordered to Havana. Consul General Lee
had reported that the situation was < . riti
<al. The proffered relief offered to the
Buffering Cubans hail aroused the spirit
of resentment, culminating In serious
riots In Havana. It was thought l eat for
the protection of American Interests in
Cuba to have the Atlantic squadron
establish a rendezvous at the Dry Tor
tug-as.
FEBRUARY 9-The publication of the
famous letter of Sc nor Dupuy de Lome,
Spanish Minister to the United States, 1< '1
to his resignation the following tiay, Feb
ruary 10. This epistle aroused widespread
Indignation, Inasmuch as, although de
signed as private c rt -c, ii con
tained a direct insult to President Mc-
Kinley.
"MeKinley is weak and caters to the
rabble," wrote this Spanish diplomatist,
"and is, moreover, a low politician, who
wishes to leave a door open for nil
and to stand well with the jingoes < ; his
party."
FEBRUARY 15— Tin- destruction of the
Maine in the harbor of Havana was the
first and greatest catastrophe expert
by the United States in all' her .
•with Spain. At Just 20 minutes bef
o'clock in the evening an explosion oc
curred by which the entire fon
part of the vessel was destroyed. Two
offioeff and K4 of the crew perished,
those who were not killed outright 1 ;
explosion being pinned between decks by
the tangle of wreckage and drowned like
rats by the immediate sinking of the hull.
The days that I were days of
anxious suspense. A wave of indigr.
ewept over the length and breadth of the
land. Captain Sigsbee's message asking ;
that judgment be suspended did not reas- '
sure the people. A great cry for venge
ance arose. The more impressionable
openly criticized the President's calmness.
FEBRUARY 17— The following offi
cers were appointed to investigate the
cause of the Maine disaster: Cap
tain W. T. Sampson of the lowa,
Captain F. E. Chadwick of the
New York, Lieutenant Commander w.
P. Potter of the New York and Lieuten
ant Commander Adolph Marix of the Ver
mont. Captain Sampson acted as presi
dent and Lieutenant Commander Marix as
Judge advocate.
FEBRUARi. 18— Considerable excitement
was caused in New York by the arrival of
the Spanißh battle-ship Vizcaya. return
ing by previous arrangement the Maine's
visit of courtesy. The officers of the
Spanish vessel did not know until they
were informed after reaching the harbor
that the Maine had been destroyed. The
Vizcaya remained at anchor off Staten
Island for five days.
FEBRUARY 19— The United States Gov
ernment declined a request made by the
Spanish officials at Havana for a joint
Investigation of the wreck of the Maine.
Then "followed numerous objections from
Spain. She objected to the use of our
cruisers in sending supplies to the starv
ing reconcentrados under the direction of
the Red Cross Society. She objected to
THE CALL'S BRIEF
General Lee's presence In Havana and
sought to have him recalled. In the
meantime even the most conservative had
become convinced that tbi Elaine had
been destroyed through some external
agency.
M \RCH S— Congress by unanimous vote
passed a bill appropriating $50,000,000 for !
nal defense. The next day, March 9, j
the Senate passed the same measure with
out debate. The bill received the Presi
immediate signature. War was
thought to lie in sight, and both Spain and
the United States started on a still hunt
for available vessels of war.
MARCH 12— The new Spanish Minister,
Senor Polo y Bernabe. presented his ere- j
dentials to President MeKinley.
MARCH 16— The remonstrance of the L
Spanish Government against our meas- j
ures of defense and the presence of our j
fleet at Key West Was received.
MARCH 28— President MeKinley sent to
Congress the report of the United States ;
Board of Inquiry. This document was
March ZL, and contained the infor
mation that the Maine had been destroyed !
through the agency of a submarine mine.
It did not fix the blame.
apkil t c representatives of
Germany Austria-Hungarj'i France.
Great Britain. Italy and Russia presented
t communication to President Mc-
Klnley, on behalf of thp European powers,
in which was expressed a hdp< that af
fairs between the Cni and Spain ,
would be amicably adjusted. President
McKinley's reply, couched in conciliatory
ige, was rather negative in its lm- ;
port.' ' i
APRIL 9— Lieutenant A. S. Rowan. ,
Nineteenth United States Infantry, left .
Washington on a secret mission to Gen
eral Garcia, commander of the Cuban -
■ •••rn half of the island. '
AI'KIL IS— Spain appealed to the pow- 1
T? T? OW that the war of 1898 is a thing of the past, and peace has followed the short, sharp and decisive victory of the United States over Spain, a review of the war is most timely.
Ip^J The Call presents its readers with this review in a form at once concise and complete. For purposes of reference, being arranged chronologically, it will be found of inestimable
1 value. It takes the reader day by day through the entire war, from January 25, when the Maine was ordered to Havana, to September 18, when the members of the Peace Com
<-> <-> mission sailed for Paris. All of our readers are familiar with the chain of events which led up to the war, and the work of the Peace Commission is too fresh in the public mind to
require a repetition. In the first place, the United States could not, In the cause of humanity, stanu idly by and witness the reign of terror in Cub i under Campos, then Weyler, then
Blanco. A great wave of popular sentiment in favor of '"Cuba Libre" swept over our country. The butchery of defenseless reconcentrados went on. In December, 1897, President Me-
Kinley in his message, reviewed ths situation, and said that something would have to bs done. The President issued an appeal to the American peo pie, inviting contributions in aid of
the Cuban sufferer; The organization of a central Cuban relief committee, witn headquarters in New York, fallowed, and contneutions of money and supplies poured in. Consul General
Lee was doing his duty firmly at Havana. The Spanish objected to*the interference of the United States, and serious riots ensued in the Cuban capital. It was then that General Lee sug
gested the sending of a warship for the protection of American interests, an dthe Maine tragedy followed.
lenylng cruelty to the Cubans, as- I
g innocence of complicity in the
Main*-' disaster and charging that the
United States Government was using that
calamity as an excuse for calumnies. The
memorandum set forth that Spain would
; under no consideration surrender j
sovereignty In Cuba.
APRIL »— The United Stales Govern
ment sent its ultimatum to Spain. The
demand was made that Spain should, be
' fire the hour of noon of April 23, with
draw her forces from Cuba.
Senor Bernabe, the Spanish Minister, at
! once requested his passports and started
! Immediately for Canada, In Madrid the
Cortes convened, and the Queen Regent
delivered an addr. appealing: to the
' Spanish people to defend their rights.
APRIL 21— General Woodford. the :
' American Minister at Madrid, was In
formed by the Spanish Minister of For
1 elgn Affairs that diplomatic relations no
i longer existed between the United States
' and Spain. General Woodford asked for
• his passports and went to Paris, leaving
the American interests In the care of the
: British Minister.
A PHIL 22— The war opened with the
Nashville's capture of the Buena Ventura
and the New York's capture of the Pedro.
Havana harbor was declared In a state of
blockade.
APRIL 23— President McKinley issued a
i proclamation calling for 325.000 volunteers,
I to be chosen, as far as possible, from the
States and Territories according to popu
lation, and to serve for two years, unless
sooner discharged.
Thp war revenue bill was introduced in
the House by Chairman Dingley.
APRIL 24— Spain declared war In a proc
lamation regarding treaties, rights of neu
trals and privateering.
Our vessels kept the ball rolling by cap
turing three more prizes— the Candia,
taken by the Wilmington; the Catalina,
by the Detroit, and the Saturnina, by the
Wlnona,
APRIL 25 — Congress declared that war
began on April 21. A oil covering this
was unanimously passed by both houses
without demonstration.
John Sherman asked to be relieved of
the responsibility of office, owing to fail
ing health, and tendered his resignation.
Secretary of War Alger sent out the call
for troops.
The Senate passed a bill to double the
number of men in the regular army.
APRIL 26— Spain sent out a second cir
cular letter to the powers, denouncing
Consul General Lee and the Congress of i
the United States.
Great Britain issued a proclamation of
neutrality.
THE SAN FBAtfCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
The President announced that the
United States would adhere to the anti
privateering agreement of the Declaration
New York's militia was called out.
APRIL 27— The first real act of warfare
waa the bombardment of Matanzas by the
New York. Cincinnati and Puritan. Two
Spanish fortifications were silenced.
The steamer Guido was taken as a prize
by the monitor Terror.
Commodore Dewey's squadron sailed
frum Mirs Bay. bound for Manila.
APRIL 2fi— Congress agreed to a naval
appropriation bill for nearly $47,000,000.
Tampa was chosen as the point for
| massing troops for the invasion of Cuba.
! APRIL 25»— Congress passed a bill for a
popular bond Issue of $.100,000,000. and ihe
naval appropriation bill passed the Sen-
a The Spanish fleet left the Ca?e Verde
Islands, making Spain's first real move
against the United States.
Tne crulfier Now York silenced the forts
at Port Cabanas, and made a target of a
company of Spanish cavalry.
11.
DEWEY IN MANILA BAY.
MAY I— This day witnessed the greatest
naval victory in the history of the world.
The people of the United Slates were elec
trified by the news that the entire Span
ish fleet had been destroyed by Dewey
in Manila Bay and that the feat had been
accomplished without serious injury to
any of our ships and no loss of Jife on the
American side. The achievement is terse
ly told In Dewey's report:
' "Kiagship Olympia, Cavite, May 4, IS9B.
"The squadron left Mlrs Bay on April
27, arrived off Bolir.ao on the morning of
April 30. and, finding no- vessels there, pro
ceeded down the coast and arrived off the
entrance to Manila Bay on the same af
ternoon. The Boston and the Concord
were sent to reconnoiter Port Subig. A
thorough search of the port was made by
the Boston and the Concord, but the
Spanish fleet was not found. Entered the
south channel at half-past 11 p. m., steam
ing In column at eight knots. After half
the squadron had passed a battery on the
south side of the channel opened fire, none
of the shots taking effect. The Boston
and McCulloch returned the fire. The
squadron proceeded across the bay at
slow speed and.arrived off Manila at day
break, and was fired upon at a quarter
past 5 a. m. by three batteries at Manila
and two near Cavite, and by the Spanish
fleet anchored In an approximately east
and west line across the mouth of Bakor
Bay. with their left in shoal water in
Canacoa Bay.
"The squadron then proceeded to the
attack, the flagship Olympia, under my
personal direction, leading, followed at a
distance by the Baltimore, Raleigh, Pet
rel, Concord and Boston, in the order
named, which formation was maintained
throughout the action. The squadron
opened fire at 19 minutes to 6 a. m. While
advancing to the attack two mines were
exploded ahead of the flagship, too far to
be effective. The squadron maintained a
continuous and precise fire at ranges
varying from 5000 to 2000 yards, counter
marching in a line approximately parall"!
to that of the Spanish fleet. The enemy's
fire was vigorous but generally ineffective.
Early in the engagement two launches
put out toward the Olympia, with the
apparent intention of using torpedoes.
One was sunk and the other disabled by
our fire and beached before they were
able to fire their torpedoes.
"At 7 a. m. the Spanish flagship Reina
Crlstina made a desperate attempt to
leave the line and come out to engage at
short range, but was received with such
a galling lire, the entire battery of the
Olympia being concentrated upon her,
that she was barely able to return to the
shelter of the point. The fires started in
her by our shell at the time were not
extinguished until she sank. The three
batteries at Manila had kept up a con
tinuous fire from the beginning of the en
gagement, which flre was not returned
by my squadron. The first of these bat
teries was situated on the south mole
head at the entrance of the Pasig River,
the second on the south position of the
walled city of Manila and the third at
Malate. about one-half mile farther south.
At this point I sent a message to the
Governor General to the effect that if the
batteries did not cease firing the city
would be shelled. This had the effect of
silencing them.
"At 25 minutes to 8 a. m. I ceased firing
and withdrew the squadron for breakfast.
At It', minutes after 11 I returned to the i
attack. By this time the Spanish flagship I
ami almost all the Spanish fleet were In
flames. At half-past 12 the Bquadron
d firing, the batteries being silenced
! and the ships sunk, burned and deserted.
"At 20 minutes to i the squadron re
turned and anchored <>iT Manila, the ,
Petrel being left behind t>' complete the
destruction of the small'!- gunboats,
which were behind the point of Cavite.
This duty was performed by Commander
El P. Wood in thi- most expeditious and
lete manner possible. The Spanish
lost the following vessels: Sunk Relna
I Cristina, Castllla, l>"ii Antonio de (Jlloa;
burned- Doti Juan do Austria, Isla de
Luson, isla «u> Cuba, General Leso, Mar
ques del Duero, hi Correo, Velssco and
i?!a de Mindanao (transport); captured—
Rapido and Hercules (tugs) and several I
small launches.
"I am unable to obtain complete ac- j
counts of the enemy's killed and wounded, I
j but believe their losses to be very heavy.
! The Reina Crlstina alone had 150 killed. I
: am happy to report that the damage done
; to the squadron under my command was
: Inconsiderable. There was none killed
i and only seven nv.'i) in the squadron were
■lightly wounded. Several of the vessels
were struck and even penetrated, but the
damage was of the slightest, apd the
; squadron is in as good condition now as
before th* battle.
"1 beg to state to the department that I
doubt if any command^r-in-chief was ever
served by more loyal, efficient and gullant
captains than those of the squadron under
my command. Captain Frank Wildes,
; commanding the Boston, volunteered to
1 remain in command of his vessel, al
; thouph his relief arrived before leaving
Hongkong. Assistant Surgeon Kindel
berger of the Olympia and Gunner J. C.
Evans of the Boston also volunteered to
remain after orders detaching them had
arrived.
"The conduct of my personal staff was
] excellent. Commander B. P. Lamberton,
: chief of staff, was a volunteer for that
position, and gave me most efficient aid.
I Lieutenant Brumby, flag lieutenant, and
Ensign E. P. Scott, aid. performed their
i duties as signal officers in a highly cred
: itable manner. Caldwell, flag secretary,
volunteered for and was aselsrned to a
subdivision of the five-inch battery. Mr.
J. L. Stickney. formerly an officer in the
United States navy, and now correspond
ent of the New York Herald, volunteered
for duty as my aid, and rendered valua
ble service. I desire especially to mention
the coolness of Lieutenant C. G. Calkins,
the navigator of the Olympia. who came
: under my personal observation, being on
tho bridge with me throughout the entire
action and giving the ranges of the guns
with an accuracy that was proven by the
. excellence of the firing.
"On May 2, the day following the en
! gagement. the squadron again went to
1 Cavite, where it remains. On the 3d the
j military forces evacuated the Cavite ar
i senal, which was taken possession of by
1 a landing party. On the same day the
i Raleigh and Baltimore secured the sur
l render of the batteries on Corregidor
i Island, paroling' the garrison and destroy
j Ing the guns. On the morning of May 4
! the transport Manila, which hud been
i aground in Bakor Bay, was towed off and
made a prize."
111.
A PERIOD OF UNREST.
MAY 3— The Spanish Cortes assembled
In Madrid. False reports had caused the
people to imagine that a Spanish Victory
had been achieved in the Philippines.
When the truth became known there was
wild excitement throughout Spain, at
tended by riots. •
MAY 4— The fighting ships of Admiral
Sampson's squadron, the Now York, Inwa,
Indiana, Puritan, Mayflower, Cincinnati
and Marblehead, sailed for Key West,
prepared for a long cruise.
May s—Arms5 — Arms for the Cubans were land
ed by the tug Leyden, the gunboat Wil
mington assisting in repelling the Span
ish.
MAY McKinley recom
mended that the thanks of Congress be
given Acting Rear Admiral George Dewey
of the United States navy.
MAY 11— Major General Wesley Merritt,
commanding the Department of the East, j
was ordered to the Philippines as Mili
tary Governor.
An engagement occurred at Cardenas,
Cuba, Spanish gunboats and shore bat
teries opening fire on the blockading ves
sels Wilmington, Hudson and Winslow.
Ensign Worth Bagley and four of the
rrew of the "Wlnslow wrp killed. Llpu
:enant Bernadou and two sailors were
severely wounded.
The iirst land skirmish In Cuba at
tended the landing of supplies and am
munition for the Insurgents from the
xansport Qussie.
Near denfuegos, on the south coast of
"nba. the cruiser Marblehead and Kun
ioat Nashville were engaged in cutting
•allies. TWO mon were killed ami Seven
grounded from the fire of (lie Spanish in
'antry. But the cables were cuti although
he work was accomplished under a heavy
MAY 12— A portion of the Atlantic
squadron, under the command of Admiral
Sampson, bombarded San Juan, Porto
Rico, expecting to find a Spanish llr-et un
der the guns of the batteries. The attack
lasted for three hours. Of our forces two
men were killed and seven were wounded.
MAY 13 — The mystery surrounding the
movements of the Cape Verde squadron
had caused considerable uneasiness. Sec
retary Long of the navy received advices
that it had been sighted oir Martinique,
Windward Islands, sailing westward. The
flyiiig squadron, under command "f <'oin
modorc. Schley, put to sea from Hampton
Roads. The cruiser Brooklyn, the battle
ships Massachusetts anil Texas, the ills
patch-boai Scorpion and the collier Ster
ling got away in the aftern w>n, while the
cruisers Minneapolis and St. Paul received
orders to follow Immediately.
Mr. Joseph Chamberlain aroused en
thusiasm In England by declaring for an
Anglo-American alliance.
.may 14— The Spanish squadron! under
command of Admiral Cervera, was re
ported ;j.t Curacao, off the Veneuelan
coast, and Sampson was off Puerto Plata,
Haiti.
MAY 15— The flying squadron was sight
ed off Charleston, S. C.
| Advices were received from Admiral [
' Dewey that he was maintaining 8 strict
I blockade at Manila, that the rebels were
| hemmed in the city by land aixl that he
' could take the city at any moment.
MAY 16— The Spanish Cabinet resigned
and Prime Minister Sagasta was charged
with the formation of a new one.
MAY 17— A new Spaniph Ministry was
i formed, with Senor Sagasta as President
: of the Council of Ministers.
MAY 18— The total number of volunteers
! as announced by Adjutant General Cor
bin amounted to 92.580. and the following
i States had completed their muster of
troops apportioned by th<- War Depart
ment: California. Georgia, Idaho, Indi
i ana, Kansas, Maine, Maryland, Minne
sota, Massachusetts. New Hampshire,
Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Vermont,
Washington, West Virginia. Wisconsin,
Wyoming and the District of Columbia.
The cruiser Charleston, bound for the
Philippines, sailed from San Francisco.
She had no troops on board, her mission
being to carry ammunition and supplies.
MAY 19— The mysterious Cape Verde
fleet was reported to have reached Santi
ago de Cuba.
General Agulnaldo, the leader of the .
Philippine Insurgents, arrived In Cavite
and announced that he would lead his
I followers against the Spaniards.
MAY 21— Major General Merrltt started
for San Francisco en route to the Philip
j pines, and it was announced that the
\ Monterey had been ordered to reinforce
I Admiral* Dewey.
i MAY 24— The talk of an Anglo-American
I alliance received frpsh impetus on this
| day. the seventy-ninth anniversary of the
1 birth of Queen Victoria. In New York
and Tampa there was noticeable enthus- •
' iasm.
MAY 25— The President issued a procla
mation calling for 75,000 more volunteers,
increasing the strength of the army to :
! 275.500 men, including both regulars and j
| volunteers.
I The transports City of Peking. City of j
! Sydney and Australia sailed for the Phil- I
I ippines. carrying 2500 men, with supplies j
to last a year and a cargo of ammunition j
and naval stores.
IV.
CERVERA- IN A TRAP.
MAT 26— The battle-ship Oregon arrived
in Key West in good condition after a
voyage from Puget Sound of eighty-one
days, during the course of which she had
made 17,499 miles. The achievement was a
notable one, and Captain Clark was the
recipient of much praise and honor. After
taking on coal the captain announced that
he was ready to go to sea again and fight.
Commodore Schley reported by cable
that he was off Santiago and that he be
lieved the Spanish fleet which had so long
been playing a game of hide-and-seek was
in the inner harbor. For several days
there were conflicting rnmors. Many be
lieved Cervera to be too old a warrior to
be caught in such a trap. There was only
one entrance to the harbor, through a
narrow defile in the hills.
MAY 29— A1l doubts were set at rest
when Commodore Schley approached ' the
harbor entrance close enough to verify
his suspicions. He had Cervera's fleet
bottled up. His comment, "They will be
a long time getting home," is one of the
classics of the war.
The Fifth Army Corps, commanded by
General Shatter, received orders to em
bark for Cuban soil. Two weeks passed,
however, before the transports finally
started for Port Tampa.
MAY 31— The steamer Florida returned
to Key West, having successfully landed
380 Cuban volunteers, with supplies, arms
and ammunition for Garcia's insurgents.
The loWa, Nf'W Orleans and Massacnu
engaged in a duel with the Spanish
shore batteries at the mouth of Santiago
harbor Tor the purpose of ascertaining
their exact location and testing their
strength. None of the American vessels
was touched. -
JUNE I— Admiral Sampson returner!
from Porto Rico, and. relieving Commo
dore Bchley, assumed command ot tne
united squadrons, comprising sixteen war
" !ii' > N'E 2— The House of Representatives
passed an urgent deficiency bill, carrying
nearly $!VOOO.OOO for war expenses.
JUNE s— This day marked one of the
most during and sensational achievements
of the war, the attempt of Naval Con
structor Richmond Pearson Hobson to
close the mouth of the harbor so that the
Spanish vessels could not get out. That
tne attempt was not wholly successful
did not materially alter the subsequent
events, nor does It detract from the glory
of the brave nun who went to almost
certain death. Admiral Sampson's or
ftclal reporl tells the story briefly:
"United states Flagship New York,
••iff Santiago, June 3, 1104.
"Permit me to call your special atten
tion to Assistant Naval Constructor Hob
son. As stated in a special telegram, be
fore coming here I decided to moke the
harbor entrance secure against the possi
bility of egress by Spanish ships by ob
structing the narrow part of the entrance
by sinking a collier at that point. Upon
calling on Mr. Hobson for his professional
opinion as to a sure method of sinking the
snip Me manifested the most lively inter
est in the problem. After several days'
consideration he presented a solution
which he considered would insure the im-
mediate sinking of the ship when she
reached the desired point in the channel.
This plan we prepared for execution when
we reached Santiago. The plan contem
plated a crew of only seven men and Mr.
Hobson, who begged that it might be in
trusted to him. The anchor chains were
arranged on deck for both the anchors,
forward and aft. the plan including the
anchoring of the ship almost automati
cally.
"As soon as I reached Santiago and had
the collier to work upon, the details were
completed and diligently prosecuted, hop
ing to complete them in one day, as the
moon and tide served beet the first night
after our arrival. Notwithstanding every
effort, the hour of 4 o'clock In the morn
ing arrived and the preparation was
scarcely completed. After a careful in
spection of the final preparation I w;is
forced to relinquish the plan for that
morning, as dawn was breaking. Mr.
Hobson begged to try it at all hazards.
"This morning proved more propitious,
as a prompt start could be made. Noth
ing could have been more gallantly exe
cuted. We waited Impatiently after the
firing by the Spaniards had ceased. When
they did not reappear from the harbor at
6 o'clock I feared that they had all per
ished. A steam launch which had been
sent in charge of Naval Cadet Powell to
rescue the men appeared at this time,
coming out under a persistent fire of the
batteries, but brought none of the crew.
A careful inspection of the harbor from
this ship showed that the Merrlmac had
been sunk in the channel.
"This afternoon the chief of staff of Ad
miral Cervera came out under a flag of
truce with a letter from the admiral, ex
tolling the bravery of the crew in an un
usual manner. I cannot myself too earn
estly express my appreciation of the con
duct of Mr. Hobson and his gallant crew.
I venture to say that a more brave and
daring thing has not been done since
Cushing blew up the Albemarle. • • *
"There were hundreds of volunteers who
were anxious to participate. There were
150 from the lowa, nearly as many from
this ship and large numbers from all the
other ships, officers and men alike.
"W. T. SAMPSON."
The men who accompanied Hobson on
this dangerous mission deserve to have
their names preserved in history, despite
the fact that Admiral Sampson did not
mention them by name in his report. The
six who were chosen were: Osborn Deig
nan. George F. Phillips, Francis Kelly,
George Charette, Daniel Montague and
J. C. Murphy. There was another, Ran
dolph Clausen, who was at work on the
Merrimac, and who stowed himself away
in his eagerness to be one of the party.
It is here necessary to go Into the
future. Hobson and his men were taken
aboard the Reina Mercedes, and from
there were confined in Morro Castle, and
later in the city of Santiago. They were
treated with the respect which their hero
ism deserved, and on July 6 were released
in exchange for Spanish prisoners cap
tured by our forces.
Mr. Hobson subsequently explained that
the reason the Merrimac was not sunk
directly across the channel, as had been
intended, was because a shot from one of
the Spanish batteries had carried away
her rudder, making her unmanageable.
V.
ON TO CUBA.
JUNE ii — The Senate passed the war
revenue bill by a vote of 48 to 28. On the
following day Captain Charles V. Gridley
of the Olympia, who was on his way home
from Manila, died at Kobe, Japan. He
had been ill since the battle of May 1, suf
fering from the effects of a rupture.
JUNE 6— Admiral Sampson silenced the
Santiago fortifications without injury to
the American ships.
At Baiqulrl marines were landed and
formed a junction with the insurgents,
after repulsing the Spanish forces.
The rebels in the Philippines, were re
ported as closing In on Manila, and
Aguinaldo announced himself as dictator.
The monitor Monterey and the" collier
Brutus left San Francisco for Manila.
JUNE 7— Major General Shafter and an
army of 28,000 men sailed from Port
Tampa for Cuba. The expedition com
prised the Fifth Army Corps, battalion of
engineers, detachment of the Signal
Corps, twelve squadrons of cavalry, un
mounted: four batteries of light artillery,
two batteries of heavy artillery and Gen
eral Bates' brigade.
The Spanish torpedo-boat destroyer
Terror wss sunk by the American fleet
while trying to steal into Santiago harbor
during the night.
Jl'N'E B— Lieutenant Henry H. Whitney
of the Fourth Artillery, who had been
sent on a confidential mission to Porto
Rico in April, returned to Washington.
He had collected much valuable informa
tion for the use of the President and the
Secretary of War. which was later taken
advantage of during the campaign in that
island.
JVXE 10— Six hundred marines were
landed from the transport Panther on the
eastern shore of Guantanamn Bay. Camp
McCalla was the result. The landing was
effected In an hour's time.
JUNE 11— Camp McCalla's outposts wera
fired upon by a force of Spanish infantry.
The enemy had all the advantage of being
under cover. Reinforcements from the
Marblebead were sent ashore. Two or our
men had been killed In the bush. During
the night two more, Sergeant Smith ana
Dr. John Blair Gibbs, were killed. AH
night long the firing continued.
JUNE 12— The skirmishing between the
marines and the Spaniards still continued.
The Texas arrived at Guantanamo and
landed forty men, with two Colt auto
matic guns, while the Marblehead shelled
the woods, where the enemy was In hid
ing. The marines who had beeto killed
on the previous day were buried literally
under fir.\ Chaplain Jones of the Texas
officiating. With the bullets screaming
in the air, he went through with the
burial service.
President McKinley signed the war rev
enue bill, and Secretary Gage issued a
circular inviting subscriptions to a pop
ular ioan of $200,000,000.
JUNE 13— Sergeant Major Good was
killed early in the morning. One of the
marines was also killed. All day long this
guerrilla warfare was kept up.
Sixteen hundred men arrived at Manila
on four warships of the German East
Asian squadron, with a view of protecting
the German interests there.
Dewey reported that the insurgents had
taken 2500 Spanish prisoners.
JT'NE 14 — The marines at Guan
tanamo put in another day of
fighting, driving back the Span
iards with considerable loss. With the as
sistance of a band of Cubans, who were
familiar wun the mode of warfare, they
charged upon the enemy, wounding a
great many and taking eighteen prisoners.
They destroyed a Spanish blockhouse,
water tank and heliograph station.
The dynamite cruiser Vesuvius nad her
first test in actual warfare,, ard with
three shots created havoc in the Santiago
fortifications.
Four transports, carrying the second
expedition of troops for Manila, left San
Francisco.
By a vote of 209 to 91 the House passed
the Hawaiian annexation resolution.
JUNE 15— The Texas. Suwanoc and Mar
blehead shelled a fort situated midway be
tween the outer and inner harbors in
Guantanamo Bay.
President McKinley nominated Rich
mond Pearson Hobson to be advanced ten
numbers for his heroism in sinking the
Merrlmac.
JI'XB 15— The gunners of Admiral Samp
son"s fleet were given practice upon the
fortifications at the entrance to Santiago
harbor. *
JUNE 17— A portion of the Spanish re
serve squadron under Admiral Camara
left Cadiz and sailed eastward.
The Queen Regent determined to abdi
cate, but Sagasta persuaded her to recon
sider her plan. *
Reports from the Philippines were to
the effect that 1000 Spanish troops, har
assed by the insurgents and almost starv
ing, wete forced to surrender.
JT'NE 18— Cuero. a town thirteen miles
from Santiago, was captured by the Cu
bans, who will establish a courier service
for Admiral Sampson.
JUNE 20— There were two events of more
than passing interest on this day. the
scene of one being Cuba, and the other
the faraway Pacific. Dismissing for the
present the arrivals of the army of inva
sion In Cuban waters, let us consider how
the cruiser Charleston took possession of
the Ladrones.
The Charleston and the three transports
of the first Manila relief expedition
steamed into Port San Luis de Apra, Is
land of Guam, and fired thirteen shells at
the fortifications. There was no response,
but two small boats put out from shore
and approached the cruiser. They con
tained the captain of the port and the
health officer, who apologized for not re
turning the salute, owing to the fact thatthe proper means were not at their dis
posal.
•aptain Glass of the Charleston aston
ished the Spanish officers by telling them
tha.t his guns had been fired, not as a sa
lute, but as a demand for surrender. The
Spaniards, cut off entirely from the out
side world, were quite unaware that war
had been declared between the United
States and Spain.
Lieutenant Braunersreuther, with a
force of marines, went ashore, notified the
Governor of the condition of affairs; and
demanded his surrender. This official,
Senor Jose. Marina, was thunderstruck.
H-- and his staff were taken on board the
Charleston, and the next day started for
Manila, after seeing the Stars and Stripes
•waving over the government buildings.
This was one of the ludicrous incidents of
the war, an incident worthy of opera
bouffe.
On June 20 the Cuban campaign may be
said to have fairly gotten under way.
General Shafter's forces arrived in the
transports off Santiago at noon. A con
ference was held between General Shaf
ter. Admiral Sampson and the two Cuban
leaders, Garcia and Rabi. during which
plans were formed for the landing of
the troops.
A foreign cable announced that an en
voy from the Kaiser has submitted to Sa
gasta a proposition that Germany should
establish a protectorate in the Philippines
ami pay Spain .Vt0.000.000 marks for carry-
Ing on the war in Cuba.
JUNE 21— Hasty preparations were made
for the landing "of the American troops.
Five hundred insurgent troops were
transferred from Aserraderos to Cujaba
l>o. increasing the force already there to
moo men. This force, under General Cas
tillo, was designed to attack the Spanish
force in the rear at the time of landing
The American troops at Baiqulri. To mis
lead the enemy as to the real point of
landing. General Shafter requested Gen
eral Garcia to send a force of 50) men to
attack the little town of Cabanas, where
it was reported the enemy had several
hundred men intrenched.
JUNE 22— The troops were successfully
landed at Balquiri. with very little resist
ance, the New Orleans, Detroit. Castine,
Wasp and Suwanee shelling tno woods
back of the beach. The Texas had one
man killed.
i General Dufneld and four battalions of
his brigade left Camp Alger bound for
Santiago.
Camara's fleet was sighted off Pantil
larin Island, proceeding in the direction
of .Suez.
JUNE 2"— The monitor Monadnock and
the collier Nero sailed from San Francisco
to reinforce Dewey in the Philippines.
SANTIAGO CAMPAIGN.
.TT'NE 24— The advance on Santiago be-
Ran and the first day'- march resulted In
Hpvere fighting. Of the American forces
fifteen men were killed and fifty wounded.
-Among the killed were • aptain Allyn I'a
j-ron and Sergeant Hamilton Fish Jr.,
both of the First Volunteer Cavalry,
known as the Rough Ridern.
At a point near Sevilla known as Las
Guasimas the Rough Riders and the First
and Tenth cavalry ran into an ambush,
and a withering fire was onened upon
Them. Only for a moment did our troops
r. Then they pushed forward and,
ri riving the enemy from the trenches,
routed them by a brilliant charge. The
fighting lasted for an hour. Colonel Roose
velt of the Rough K.uers was In th» thick
i.f the fight, leading his men and enrour
pging them against odds that might have
appalled a more seasoned body of fight
ing men.
The Government purchased eight ocean
liners to carry troops to Porto Rico.
The Cortes was dissolved by a decree of
the Queen Regent, and martia-i law was
proclaimed In Madrid.
JUNE 25— General "Wheeler. whose
forces occupied Sevilla, reported that he
had interviewed two men who had just
left Santiago. They said food was very
ecarce and the soldiers were killing mules
and horses for food. Five wagonloads of
•wounded were carried into Santiago and
the Spanish losses were heavy.
JUNE 26— Wheeler's brigade halted in
the neighborhood of San Juan, within two
miles of Santiago. He was reinforced
during the day uy 3000 Cubans, led by Gen
eral Garcia.
The Red Cross vessel State of Texas
reached Guantanamo Bay and tents were
Immediately erected. The vessel then pro
raeded to Siboney. where a temporary
hospital was established.
JT'NE 27— Four thousand troops, com
prising the third expedition to the Philip
pines, sailed from San Francisco, under
command of General Arthur Mac Arthur.
Announcement was made that Admiral
REVIEW OF THE WAR
Camara would proceed through the Sue*
canal for Manila.
The Navy Department at Washington
announced that Commodore Watson
would take under his command an arm
ored squadron and proceed at once to the
bpanish coast. r J)he Eastern squadron, it
was announced, would consist of the fol
wWlnFw Wln F vt -' ss "'?: Flagship Newark, battle
ship lowa, battleship Oregon, cruiser Yo
semite cruiser Yankee, cruiser Dixie, and
. a* 11 *™ Clty of I>ura ' OiUO Ulld Mor "
JUNE 28— General Kent's division stole
a march mi the Spaniards" and by a flank
! movement almost reached the 'Santiago
< Jaorro. Siege and Held suns were placed
on the heights overlooking the city.
President McKinley issued a proclama
tion blockading ports on the southern
coast of Cuba and San Juan. Porto Rico.
Admiral Camara's drafts for canal dues
were refused at Port Said, and ms fleet
was unable to obtain coal.
JI'NE 2s— Major General Wesley Merritt
sailed from San Francisco to assume his
duties as Military Governor of the Philip
pines.
General Shafter announced that he was
waiting for heavy artillery before attack
ing Santiago, and that he could take the
city withtn forty-eight hours.
Four ot Garda's starving insurgents
died from the unaccustomed luxury of too
much food.
JI'NE 30— It was announced that the at
tack on Santiago would begin by move
ments against Caney and San Juan, the
former northeast and the latter southeast
of the city.
The cables brought the tidings that Ad
miral Camara had paid his tonnage du«»s
'■ and that his fleet would proceed through
the Suez canal. Commodore Watson's or
ders contemplated a pursuit and destruc
tion of Camara's ships, even though the
chase took iiim to Manila.
JULY I— The two most important en
gagements of the Cuban campaign fell
upon this day, both being successful, al
though the American forces met with
he;<vy losses. General Lawton'a Infantry
stormed the hills of Caney, the Seventh,
Twelfth and Seventeenth infantry (Gen
eral Chaffee's brigade) leading 'in the
attack. In the taking of San Juan the
unmounted cavalry, the First ami Tenth
regulars, and Roosevelt's Rough Riders
bore the brunt of the fighting, again dis
tinguishing themselves and adding fresh
laurels to those already won at Las Gua
»lma.s. Our losses in these two engage
ments were 22 officers and 20s men killed
and 81 officers and 1203 men wounded.
These figures are from General Shafter's
own report.
The plan of our forces in both engage
ments was to drive the Spaniards back
trench by trench. This feat was rendered
all the more difficult because the Span
• iards were using smokeless powder. That
! it was finally accomplished is a lasting
j tribute to the courage of the American
! soldier, both regular and volunteer. \t
j El Caney the Seventy-first New York Vol
unteers, after overcoming what at first
I threatened to be a panic, fought like vet
i erans and left many of their men dead
upon the field.
There was also some fighting at Agua
apres. on the coast jus; east of the Morro
Fortifications were shelled by the New
iork. Buwanee and Glouce
It was announced that Commodore "Wat
son's fleet would not star; In pursuit of
Camara'e squadron until Cervera's fleet
lying in Santiago harbor, had been en
gaged.
Jl'I.Y 2— Tli.- American forces had won
a complete victory. General Shafter was
in command of the situation, and there
seemed to be no obstacle in the way of a
united army and navy attack on the city
of Santiago.
'i ne converted yachts Hist and Hornet
and the tuX Wampatuck. in an audacious
gemenl with nine Spanish ships and
the shor« batteries at Manzanillo, sank a
gunboat. The Hist later In the day sank
another gunboat The Hornet was di.s
abled.
VI T.
CERVERA'S FLEET SUNK.
JULY 2— Cervera's fleet was entirely de
stroyed w..ile atempting to leave th«> har
bor of Santiago. An interview having been
prearranged between General Shafter and
Admiral Sampson, the laiter. In the flag
ship New York, left the fleet for Siboney.
When the flagship was about four miles
east of her blockading station and about
seven miles from the Morro the Spanish
squadron was seen steaming out of the
harbor's entrance.
The New York turned, and steamed for
the escaping: tleet, flying the signal to
elope in toward the harbor entrance and
attack vessels, but our ships had already,
in acordanco with standing orders at
once engaged the Spanish ships with the
utmost spirit and vigor, and in the course
of a running fight, which continued until
20 minutes past 1 p. m.. the latter were
completely destroyed, and the famous vic
tory, with its splendid credit to officers
und men, was won.
The movement of the Spanish vessels
In broad daylight seemed suicidal, as in
deed it was, but Adminal Cervera had
twice received order? to leave Santiago
and go to Havana, and although he well
knew he was sending his fleet to destruc
tion, he simply obeyed orders.
That evening Admiral Sampson sent the
following disnatch to Washington: "The
fleet under my command offers to the na
tion as a Fourth of July present the de
struction of the whole of Cervera's fleet.
Not one escaped. It attempted to escape
at half-past 9 this morning. At 2 th»- last
ship, the Cristobal Colon, had run ashore
sixty miles west of Santiago, and had let
down h<>r colors. The Infanta Maria Te
rfM. Oiuendn and Vizcaya were forced
ashore, burned and blown up within twen
ty miles of Santiago. The Furor and I'lu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
ton were destroyed within four miles of
the port. Our loss, one killed and two
wounded. Enemy's loss, probably several
hundred from gun fire, explosions and
drowning. About twelve hundred prison
ers, including Admiral Cervera. The man
killed was G. H. Ellis, chief yeoman of
the Brooklyn."
In the meantime General Shafter had
been demanding the surrender of San
tiago. At half-past 8 a. m. he sent a mes
sage to General Toral, In command of the
Spanish forces in the city, saying that un
less there was an immediate surrender
Santiago would be bombarded. To this
General Toral replied that the city would
not surrender. A return message was
sent by General Shafter, saying that he
would give the non-combatants until noon
of the r>th to leave the city.
JULY 4 — No Independence day In the
history of the United States since the
very first itself has brought so much pride
to the American people a this. The en
tire nation went wild over our second
great naval victory, which seemed not
less miraculous than that of Dewey at
Manila.
Admiral Dewey cabled to Secretary
Long that the United States troops had
been landed and comfortably quartered at
Cavite.
VIII.
FALL OF SANTIAGO.
JULY s— The Navy Department tele
graphed to Admiral Sampson that the
President had issued the following order:
"General Shafter and Admiral Sampson
should confer at once for co-operation in
taking Santiago." General Shafter imme
diately requested Admiral Sampson to
come to him for conference.
Shafter again demanded the surrender
of Santiago, and again Toral reiased. The
Spanish officers declared they would burn
Hty to the ground first, alinough the
Archbishop and many of the citizens were
in favor or a surrender.
Secretary Long notified Admiral Samp
son to send Admiral Cervera ajid the oth
er captives north as prisoners of war.
The transport Iroquols reached Key
West with 312 patients, 192 suffering from
gunshot wounds.
JULY 6— Admiral Sampson being ill,
sent his chief of staff, who had a confer
ence with General Shafter, in which it
was arranaged that in case the Spanish
commanuer refused the demand for sur
render a continued bombardment 01 San
tiago should be begun by the fleet.
Spanish prisoners on the Harvard,
north-bound, mutinied, and several of
them were shot.
Tt was reported from Gibraltar that Ad
miral Camara had been ordered to return
to Spain with his squadron.
Slavey Island, Portsmouth Navy Yard.
N. H.. wns selected as a prison for the
Spanish prisoners 01 war.
The Senate passed the resolution for the
annexation of the Hawaiian Islands.
JULY 7— Major General Nelson A. Miles,
commanding the United States army, left
Washington for Santiago.
President McKinley signed t) c Hawaii
an nnnexation resolution.
Lieutenant Hobson and his men were
exchanged for Spanish prisoners. Colonel
John Jacob Astor making the transfer.
The War Board telegraphed orders de
taching Commodore Watson's Eastern
Bouadrpn from Admiral Sampson's com
mand. In readiness to start in pursuit of
Camara.
JULY S— The truce between the Spanish
and American forces at Santiago was e\-
tended to noon of July 10. Six batteries of
Randolph's light artillery on the scene.
The Spaniards were reported to be dig
ging trenches In the streets of Santiago.
The Yale sailed from Charleston for
Santiago with troops and ammunition.
The Red Cross Society opened a relief
depot at Oaney.
JULY S»— General Toral. in n note to
General Shafter, communicated th«» results
of bis consultations with his Government
:<r Madrid and General Blanc j at Havana.
I To offered to evacuate Santiago If permit
ted to depart unmolested with all ills
troops.
JULY 10— General Shafter replied to To
ral that the United States would accept
no terms but unconditional surrender. To
ral replied that Tie could not so yield. The
truce was extended from noon to 4
o'clock. At 5 o'clock the Brooklyn, the
Texas and the Indiana, lying ou Agua
dores. began to bombard the city. The
vessels were five miles away, and Santia
go was bidden from their view. Signals
from the shore told them that their shells
were falling short. The Spanish defenses
outside the city were fired upon by our
land forges. Captain Charles W. Rowell
and onei>rfi-~te were killed, and eleven
were woflnded.
Admiral Cervera, M officers and 692 men,
prisoners of war. arrived at Portsmouth.
N. H.. on the St. Louis. The Admiral
stated that he had positive orders to leave
Santiago, no matter what ..ie conse
quences might be.
JULY 11— The attack on Santiago was
resumed at 6 o'clock. The fleet found
the range and becan to throw shells into
the city. The distance was 8500 yards.
and the bombardment was not particu
larly effective. The town of Dos Ca
minos, to the northwest of the city, was
occupied by our troops.
Advices from Spain were to the effect
that the Sngasta Cabinet had resigned,
and that Camara's fleet was returning
to Spain with all haste.
The Board of Survey reported that nf
all Cervera's ships the Tnfanta Maria Te
resa alone could be saved.
.TT"LY 12— Gpneral Linares, although
sorely wounded and confined to his bed
was still responsible to Madrid. Toral
merely assuming temporary command of
the Spanish forces. Under this date he
wrote to the Spanish Minister of War
that the cause was hopeless.
General Miles arrived and took com
mand of the army.
JULY' 13— Generals Jules and Shafter
had a long interview with General Toral,
the truce being extended until noon the
next day. In response to a dispatch to
Washington. General Miles was notified
by the Secretary of War that he might
accept the surrender by granting parole
to officers and men, who would be per
mitted to return to Spain, the United
States assisting.
JULY 14— General Toral formally sur
rendered his troops with the understand
ing that they would be returned to Spain.
In his report to the Secretary of War
under this date. General Miles said that
arrangements would be immediately
made for carrying out the further instruc
tions of the President.
JULY' 15 — Admiral Sampson's chief of
staff went to the front and informed
General Shafter of Admiral Sampson's ex
pectation that he should be one of the
signatories to the agreement of capitu
lation. This Shafter declined to permit.
The Harvard arrived at Portsmouth, N.
H., with 1008 Spanish prisoners, half of
whom were ill from fever.
JULY' 16— It was announced that the
surrendered forces numbered 12,000 men in
and near Santiago, and that tne number
of troops to be returned to Spain would
number, all told, 24,000.
JULY' 17— Santiago surrendered formal
ly, and at noon the American flag was
raised over the house of the civil gov
ernment. The ceremony was attended
by perfect order.
The second military expedition from
San Francisco arrived at Cavite, General
Anderson having 6000 man under his com
mand.
IX.
BEGINNING OF THE END.
JULY 18— Six thousand troops embarked
at Tampa for Porto Rico. General Miles,
to take charge of the Porto Rican cam
paign, left Santiago on the Yale.
Captive Spanish officers asserted that
Linares had made a scapegoat of Toral,
and that the latter would be court-mar
tialed.
JI'LY 21— A statement of the Govern
ment's policy in regard to Porto Rico con
tained the information that the island,
once taken, would be ' retained by the
United States.
The Massachusetts, Dixie, Gloucester,
Wasp, Cincinnati, Annapolis, Leyden,
Yale and Columbia lett Guantanamo for
Porto Rico With more than three thou
sand troops.
General Leonard R. Wood, formerly in
command of the Hough Riders, was made
Military Governor of Santiago.
JULY 22— Lieutenant Hobson called on
President McKinley in obedience to a let
ter of instructions from Admiral Samp
son, to urge the necessity of attempting
to raise the Maria Theresa. (The Spanish
warship was raised and was towed to
Guantanamo on September 24.)
Admiral Sampson captured Nipe, a har
bor on the northeast coast of Cuba, for
a naval and military base of supplies.
General Miles and his Porto Rlean ex
pedition arrived at Mole St. Nicholas.
JL'LY 23— The City of Rio de Janeiro
sailed trom San Francisco for the Philip,
pines with troops, under command of
Brigadier General H. G. Otis.
Five troops of cavalry were ordered to
{.Newport News for embarnation on trans
ports for Porlo Rico. From Tampa flva
transports sailed for the same destina
tion.
JULY 24 — Cubans In Santiago prepared
a petition to President McKinley, pro
testing against the treatment which had
been accorded to General Garcia, ana
asking that the city be given to them to
govern.
Commodore Watson's departure for
Spain was postponed indefinitely.
Jl LV' 25— General ]Wues landed a de
tachment of his troops at Puerto de Gu
anica, near Ponce. There was a skirm
ish between Spanish troops and the crew
of the Gloucester's launch. All the
transports were taken into the harbor.
General Merritt, commander-in-chief of
the military expedition to the Philippines,
arrived at Manila.
JULY 28— M. Jules Cambon, the French
Ambassador at Washington, at the re
quest of the Spanish Minister of Foreign
Affairs, conveyed to President McKinley
a message which first opened the way
to peace negotiations. A request was
made for terms under which the United
States would be willing to end the war.
JULY 27— General Shafter's report on
the sanitary conditions of Santiago
showed that there were in his army 4122
men sick and 3193 cases of fever.
Ponce surrendered to General Miles
without a shot being fired. The Ameri»
can conquerors were welcomed by the
Mayor, cheered by the populace and sere
naded by bands of music. General Wil
son was made Military Governor.
JULY 2S— All General Miles' troops were
landed from the transports. "Spanish
troops are retreating from the southern
part of Porto Rico," wrote Miles under
this date. "Ponce and its port, having
a population of 50,000, are now under the
American flag. The populace received
the troops und saluted the flag with wild
enthusiasm."
JULY' 2'J — President McKinley's reply to
Spain's peace overtures demanded the In
dependence of Cuba, cession of Porto Rico
and Guam and the retention of Manila
pending the final disposition of the Phil
ippine Islands by a joint commission. The
Cabinet decided against the permanent
acquisition of the Philippines.
JL'LY 30— President McKinley's reply to
Spain was placed in the hands of Am
bassador Cambon.
JULY 31— General Miles reported that
the Spanish volunteers were surrendering
themselves and that four-fifths of the
people were overjoyed at the arrival of
the army. The Custom-house at Ponce,
he said, had already yielded $14,000.
During a sharp engagement between our
forces and the Spaniards at Malate, in
the Philippines, the American losses were
thirteen killed and forty-seven wounded.
AUGUST I— lt was "decided to send
eighteen regiments of volunteer troops to
Porto Rico under General Wade. Sub
sequent events, however, outran the ne
cessity for this additional force.
AUGUST 2— An outline of our terms of
peace was given in this official state
ment:
"In order to remove any misapprehen
sion in regard to the negotiations as to
peace between the United States and
Spain," the President and becretary Day
explained, "it Is deemed proper to say
that the terms offered by the United
States to Spain In the note handed to the
French Ambassador on Saturday last are
in substance as follows:
"The President does not now put for
ward any claim for pecuniary indemnity,
but requires the relinquishment of all
claim of sovereignty over, or ti..e to. the
Island of Cuba, as well as the immediate
evacuation by Spain of the island: the
cession to the United States and immedi
ate evacuation of Porto Rico and other
Islands under Spanish sovereignty in the
West Indies; and the like cession of an
island in the Ladrones. The United States
will occupy and hold th*> city, bay and
harbor of Manila pending the conclusion
of a treaty of peace which shali deter
mine the control, disposition and govern
ment of the Philippines.
"If these terms are accepted by Spain
in their entirety It is stated that Com
missioners will be named by the United
States to m >et Commissioners on the part
of Spain for the purpose of concluding a
treaty ol peac« on the basis above indi
cated."
AUGUST r.— The troops under General
Brooke were landed in Porto Rico at
Arroyo.
In the meantime the troops from San
tiago wore being sent home on trans
ports, and there was much suffering from
lack of proper care and accommodations.
The Secretary of War on this date made
an official statement designed as a reply
to the indignation openly expressed by
the public.
General Shafter's officers in Cuba united
in the famous "round robin," expressing
the conviction that the army must be
moved at once or perish, and that the
"persons responsible for preventing such
a move will be responsible for the un
necessary loss of thousands of lives."
AUGUST 4— The Secretary of War or
dered the troops to be relieved from fur
ther duty at Santiago as fast as trans
ports could be provided.
Resentment was shown in Spain be
cause the terms of peace were made pub
lic in the United States. These terms
were discussed in the Spanish Cortes, but
no final decision was reached.
General Wade's proposed expedition ta
Porto Rico was suspended indefinitely.
The . -onterey arrived at Manila.
AUGUST 5— A portion of General
Brooke's command in Porto Rico,' in a
forward movement from Arroyo, cap
tured Guayama, After a slight skirmish
the town, with its Ifi.OOO inhabitants, sur
rendered. The natives repeated the per
formance which marked the surrender or
Ponce. Cape San Juan, about thirty
miles east of the city of San Juan, was
also captured.
It was announced that the Spanish
Trans-Atlantic Steamship Company
would be unable to fulfill its contract for
carrying the prisoners from Santiago to
Spain.
Orders from Washington called for 500
hospital beds at the new camps at Mon
tauk loint. L. L, although General Shaf
ter's report showed that 4300 men were
on the sick list.
X.
THE LAST GUN FIRED.
AUGUST 6— Madrid reported that the
Queen Regent had approved the Ameri
can peace conditions.
Five companies of the First Regiment
of New York sailed from San Francisco
for Honolulu.
AUGUST 7— Spain's acceptance of the
terms of peace reserved the utmost possi
ble power of discussing details later, in
the hope of making better terms. The
communication was sent to Paris for
transmission . to Washington through the
Spanish Embassador to France.
Nearly air the American troops in Porto
Rico, under j Generals. Brooke, Wilson,
Henry and Schwan, advanced toward San
Juan. ' The movement was designed to
drive the Spanish forces back upon San
Juan, when our ships could bombard the
city in case of a refusal to surrender.
Admiral Dewey and General Merritt on
this day notified the non-combatants to
leave Manila within forty-eight hours.
General Jaudenes, in command of the
Spanish troops,- in view of the fact that
the besieged city was surrounded on all
sides and the Inhabitants were starving
and hopeless, asked' time to consult the
authorities at Madrid.
AUGUST 8-The Spaniards in Porto
Rico offered but slight resistance to the
invading army of Americans. In a skirm
ish a few miles beyond Guayamo five of
the. Fourth Ohio Volunteers were wound
ed.
Three transports left Santiago, having
on board the Rough Riders, First Regular
Cayftlry.' Battery H Fourth Artillery,
Thirteenth Infantry and Sixth Infantry,
bound for Montauk Point, L. I. A ship
load of Spanish captives sailed for Ga
licia.
. AUGUST 9— A detachment of Spanish
troops attetnpted to retake the lighthouse
at. Cape San Juan, Porto Rico. Forty of
pur sailors repulsed them, with a heavy
loss,, supported. by the guns of the Cin
cinnati. Amphitrite and Leyden.
Ihe American troops captured the town
of toamo. Seven of our men were wound
ed. On the Spanish side the commander,
two captains and nine privates were
killed. Thirty-five were wounded and ISO
made prisoners. ; ;
*/t-. r tary Day announced that President
McKinley, M. Cambon and he had agreed
upon a protocol embodying the proposed
terms for the negotiation of a treaty of
peace.'
AUGUST 10— Twelve hundred Spaniards
attempted to check the advance of Gener
al Schwan s command, and during an en
gagement near Hormigueros the -first
American soldier was killed in Porto Rico.
The advance was continued after the ene
my had suffered a heavy loss.
AUGUST 11— rt was ascertained that the
av^S l^.7°o0 r dallV UP t0 thlS date had
The Spanish Government approved the
protocol, and cabled to M. Cambon. at
Washington, to sign the preliminaries of
peace.
■ AUGUST 12— M. Cambon received his
instructions on behalf of Spain at 1
o clock At exactly twenty three minutes
past 4 his signature and that of the Sec
retary of State- were affixed. The Presi
dent at once issued a proclamation de
claring ; a suspension of hostilities, an-1
messages to that effect were dispatched
to General Miles in Porto Rico, to General
Merritt in the Philippines, and to General
Shafter at Santiago. Similar advices
were cabled to Admirals Dewey and
Sampson and to Commodore Howel'l, com
manding the Northern Cuban blockading
squadron. ..*.,■.,..
The day of the signing of the protocol
was an eventful one. One hour before the
document was signed a bombardment of
Manzanillo, • province of Santiago &c Cu
ba, was begun by the Newark. Hist, Bu
wanee, Osceola and Alvarado. It was not
until early the next morning (August 13)
that. the message reached Captain Good
rich of the Newark. ; ...
In Porto Rico news of. peace stopped a
battle, at Pablo Vasques just in the ni<
of time. General' Brooke's command was
formed in line of-battle to the northwest
of Guayamo and .the guns were being
trained on : the : enemy when a mounted
courier came galloping up with peace or
ders, much to the disgust of the rank and
file. ■■_.■■■ -....' .
The message-sent to the Philippines did
not reach its destination until August 16.
■AUGUST 13— The attack upon Manila by
Dewey and Merritt began. A division of
the squadron shelled the forts at Malate,
on ,the south side of the city, while the
trenches were stormed by the land forces.
About 11,000 prisoners were taken. The
squadron had no casualties and no ves
sels were injured. =. The Spaniards were
driven back by Merritt's men and re
treated into the walled city, where resist
ance was useless.' General Jauderes
agreed to surrender, arid General - Merritt
went to the palace, where the Spaniards
laid down their arms. - .
AUGUST 14— Four transports from San
tiago arrived at Montauk Point. Colonel
Roosevelt and his Rough Riders were
among the returning troops.
AUGUST Ift-President McKinley ap
pointed the members of the commission
to adjust details of the evacuation of
Cuba and Porto Rico.
AUGUST 17— The adjutant general
cabled to General Merritt: "The Presi
dent directs that there must be -no joint
occupation with . the insurgents." Mer
ritt issued a proclamation to the people
of the Philippines.
AUGUST 20— A naval parade took place
in New Y/ork harbor. The vessels in line
were the New York, lowa, Indiana,
Brooklyn, Texas, Massachusetts and
Oregon.
AUGUST 24— At a conference between 1
the American commanders and the In-:
surgent leaders in the Philippines tha
latter declared themselves willing to co
operate with the Americans and to sur
render their arms if assured" of protection.
The mustering out of volunteers began.
AUGUST 25— General Miles was in
structed to send home from Porto Rico
all troops not actually needed.
AUGUST 30— Major General Merritt left
Manila for Paris to confer with the Peace
Commission.
AUGUST 31— The Spanish prisoners of
war at Portsmouth, N. H., were released.
The Spanish Government cabled Admiral
Cervera $50,000 for their transportation.
SEPTEMBER B— Secretary of War Al
ger requested the President to appoint a
commission to investigate the conduct of
the War Department.
SEPTEMBER 9— The President named
the following gentlement to constitute the
Peace Commission: William R. Day,
Cushman K. Davis, William P. Frye,
Whitelaw Reid and George Gray.
SEPTEMBER IS— The American Peace
Commissioners sailed for Paris.
SEPTEMBER 27— American Peace Com
missioners arrive in Paris.
SEPTEMBER 29— The American ana
Spanish Peace Commissioners meet ln
formallv.
OCTOBER I— Peace Commissioners in
Paris hold their joint secret business ses
sion.
OCTOBER s— Spanish Commissioners
are fully informed by the American Com
missioners as to the exact extent of
America's demands.
OCTOBER 9 — American Commislsoners
notify the Spanish authorities in Havana
that the United States will assume entire
control, military and governmental, of the
island of Cuba December 1. and that the
same control -will be exercised in Porto
Rico on October 18.
OCTOBER 10— Spanish forces evacuate
Manzanlllo, thus relinquishing control of
southern coast line west to the jurisdic
tion of Jucaro.
OCTOBER 11— American flag hoisted
over Custom-house at Manzanillo by
Colonel Raz.
OCTOBER 16— Spaniards begin the evac
uation of Porto Rico.
OCTOBER 17— American flag raised over
captain general's palace at Porto Rico
and the United States formally placed la
sovereign possession of the island.
OCTOBER 2t>— Spanish Peace Commis
sioners accede to the demands of the
American Peace Commissioners that
Spain should assume certain debts.
OCTOBER 31 — American Peace Commis
sioners presented the formal demands of
the United States relating to the Philip
pines.
NOVEMBER 17— Spanish commission
files a counter proposition to the effect
that she cannot allow any discussion of
her sovereignty in the Philippines and
offers to submit the third article of the
protocol to arbitration.
NOVEMBER 21— The American Peac*
Commission submits what is practically
an ultimatum, in which they demand that
I Spain should relinquish to the United
! States the entire Philippine archipelago
and accept an indemnity of $20,000,000. set-
I ting November 28 as the definite date on
| which an answer should be made.
XOVEMBER 28— Spanish Peace Com
missioners consent without condition that
Spain should relinquish Cuba and cede to
the United' States Porto Rico, Guam and
the Philippine Islands and to accept an
indemnity of $20,000,000.
DECEMBER 10— Treaty of peace' b<»
tween the United States and Spain form
ally signed at Paris.
56
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 21, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
I DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN F : RANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weeK- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One y<tar, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World RuHdinft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri6ft« Houa«
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- 36? Hayes street, ODen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lar\in street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 Market
• treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK street, open
until 930 oclock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
• .ivlU- E M t.iNTow
Columbia— "A. Parlor Match."
California— "O'Brien, the Contractor."
Alcazar— "Humbug."
TlvoH— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A Bunch of Keys."
The "-liutes— Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olyrr.pla — Corner Mason ami Eddy streets. Specialties.
Inclfslrie Race Track— Races To-day.
Metro] >lrtan Hall— Roscnthai Piano Recital. Tuesday even-
ing, January 3. _^
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— This <Jay, Dec 21, at 327 Sixth street,
at 11 a. ni.. Road. Carts. Horses, etc.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Wednesday, Dec. 21, at 327 Sixth street,
at 11 a. m.. Koad Carts, Horses, etc.
DUNNING AS MORfIL CENSOR.
SELDOM have the senses been shocked by the
exhibition of such foulness as is embodied in
the man Dunning, now in jail, where he
threatens the thief and the as>a>sin with the danger
of contamination. He =eems to be the essence of
depravity, a being without conscience, reeking with
the stench of the abandoned — a man who betrayed
his trust, who turned from his faithful wife to con
sort with a lewd and lecherous creature beyond the
reach of shame; who, pretending to reform, in
sulted this wife by continuing to write messages of
love to the unclean outcast who had supplanted her.
Dunning says that the morals of San Erancisco are
low. Surely it is not because they are low people
look upon* him with loathing and horror: it is not
because of this distressing failure to reach the Dun
ning standard that San Erancisco views his presence
much as it would the presence of a leper, shudders
to know that he is here, and will breathe easier when
he has gone. Dunning, presuming to lecture S^n
Francisco, would pollute a cesspool.
San Erancisco is not perfect. There is wickedness
here, as in all great cities. There are persons who
steal, who neglect their homes, who by innate de
pravity arc led into forbidden paths. But a search
of the slums, a raid upon the resorts of the criminal,
would not bring to light another man so vile as this
Dunning, who from the witness-chair, which for him
is as degraded a position as that of the prisoner at the
dock, dare> to criticize the morals of the city from
which his own indecency drove him.
TOO LOTE FOR REFORM.
THE proposition to bring Rosser back and put
him on trial for a less crime than that of which
he was unjustly acquitted is not a good one.
The man has gone. He disgraced the State
enough by once showing the inefficiency of the police
and the courts. Brought back, he would doubtless
repeat the humiliation.
Concession has been made to the Tennessee soldier
that he had a right to kill a citizen. His lawyer sob
bingly made clear this point. The Judge agreed, and
the jury stamped the decision official and final. If
Rosser had a right to kill Hildebrand. he surely had
a right to take a harmless shot at the lad Walsh.
Bringing Rosser back would entail a great expense,
and it would look like an attempt of the lax authori
ties to acquire anew the respect that they deliberately
cast away. There are better methods of accomplish
ing the same end. There are more criminals than
Rosser. and in the majority of cases their defenses
are as flimsy as that which took him from the shadow
of imprisonment.
Local jails are fairly bulging with murderers.
Probably five out of six of these deserve .to be
hanged. Doubtless five out of six expect not only not
tc be hanged but to go absolutely free. The proper
method of the authorities will be to prove to these
that assassins and thugs cannot rise superior to the
law. Let the police do their duty. They will find the
sensation novel and pleasing. Let the Chief be gal
vanized out of his senile trance. Let the District At
torney perform more serious functions than the draw
ing of an unearned salary. Finally, let maudlin and
(earful enthusiasts, loving a man-killer, be deprived
of influence, and dullards, dotards and incompetents
be barred from the jury-box.
YOUTHFUL DEPRAVITY.
A GIRL of fourteen arraigned for burglary, there
being two counts against her, pleaded naively
that on each occasion of transgression she had
been drunk. The plea was not regarded as sufficient
and she will be sent to a place where intoxicants are
inaccessible to children and the opportunities for
burglary few.
Vet youthful depravity ought to be shielded from
the consequences of error as certainly as depravity
more mature. This child stole a few trinkets and
articles of no particular use to her. Rosser killed an
innocent man, a stranger, one who could never by
any possibility have wronged him. His only excuse
was that he was drunk on a bad quality of liquor.
The jury let him go, and slobbered sympathy as he
departed.
However, a girl burglar, making the plea of in
toxication, constitutes a novel and disheartening
spectacle. A child of fourteen, properly safeguarded,
would hardly know that drunkenness existed. She
certainly would not know it through having felt with
in her its promptings to evil. It is well there exists
f«.r such unfortunates place* of refuge, for' alter a
ce.ison of kindly guidance the child may emerge into
the world with some idea as to right and wrong. Her
c-.isc is a sad but, let 51 be hoped, no* a hopelc«s go«.
Congressman Bailey lias taken early to the war
path, and, while he may get a scalp or two, many a
tomahawk is being whetted for his own,
DROUGHT AND DISTRESS.
CALIFORNIA has never suffered as much from
perturbation in the seasons, the fluctuation of
famine and plenty, chargeable to climatic con
ditions, as other States.
Fur many years in her early settlement; ensuing
upon the border troubles, Kansas was a famine
smitten State. A succession of droughts, and of sea
sons in which growing crops were cut, down by that
poison southwest wind which is the analogue of our
hot norther, compelled her people to appeal to the
surrounding States for charity. A Kansas relief
committee was a standing organization in nearly
every town in lowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Indiana and
Ohio, throughout those years. When the seasons
again became normal their crops were reaped and
eaten by grasshoppers, that swarmed down from the
Kocky Mountains and fell upon the land, as great a
burden as they were to old Egypt. The term "bleed
ing Kansas," which had taken iis place among the
party cries of 1856. was changed to "starving Kan
sas." But the insect plague passed away, and Kansas
has since added her enormous production of corn,
wheat, beef, purk and fruit to the surplus out of
which the farmers of the United States have been able
to feed the world.
The afflicting drought of the past season has
brought about suffering in some limited localities in
California. They are where crops and the stock
ranges depend upon a normal rainfall, principally in
the valleys and the foothills of the Coast Range. A
heavy rainfall in late September or early October, by
bringing on the range forage, would have averted
most of this suffering. The early rains were lacking,
however, and their la.ck, added to the short moisture
of the preceding rainy season, exhausted the stored
resources of the people.
The sufferers do not number more than 2000 — per
haps not more than 1500. They are valuable citizens.
Every man who takes his family and settles on land,
to make it productive and add to the State's re
sources, is a valuable citizen. In supplying their
want? let it be understood that those who do it are
not giving in charity in that humiliating sense in
which the term sometimes applies. The State,
through its various organizations and boards of trade,
spends more money every year in advertising to
secure immigrants than will be needed to relieve
these good people who are with us and will stay and
labor for the commonwealth. What will be required
t. keep them in comfort where they are, if spent on
immigration, would not secure a like number of new
citizens. It is, therefore, wise selfishness and good
business to furnish the.->e folks with an abundant and
substantial ration, and to keep life in their remaining
animals, until nature's bounty, responding to their la
bor, again makes them independent.
President Dohrmann of the Merchants' Association
has the matter in hand, and it will be well to make
that organization the recipient and distributor of the
relief required. One organization is sufficient. It
can better make transportation arrangements than
many can, and there will be less waste in distribution
than if many wL-re concerned in it.
All that the people want is to be helped that they
may soon help themselves.
It is said in some quarters, that their settlement in
the destitute districts was unwise, inasmuch as stock
ranching and dairying therein must depend upon the
spontaneous forage and not on artificial production.
While this may be to a degree true, it is less their
fault than appears on the surface.
The Government has not been wise in handling its
stock range domain. It would have been better to
lease this in large tracts for grazing purposes solely.
Its natural forage plants would thereby have been
1 from extermination by over stocking, and if
experience demonstrated the fitness of any part of it
for agriculture this could have l/een finally separated
and held subject to the wants of the homestead settlen
Instead of this policy, these lands throughout the
West have been treated as agricultural, their acquisi
tion has been confined to the acreage of agricultural
holdings, and the grazing interests have sustained
themselves by resort to artifice that would have been
unnecessary under a better system.
As the Government has held these lands subject to
patent to small holders, the people must not be
blamed for assuming too much from that fact. The
first duty is their immediate relief, and then they will
adjust themselves to the conditions disclosed by their
experience.
AN EDDY IN THE MONEY MARKET.
A CURIOUS condition of affairs prevails in the
money markets of the Eastern States and of
Europe. Something like an eddy has been
formed in the channels of finance, and considerable
sums of money have been whirled around and di
verted to a course directly opposite to that in which
they would naturally flow.
A late report of the Treasury Department in re
viewing the effects of the favorable balance of trade
between this country and Europe says: "A year ago
it was estimated that the United States had a balance
of $80,000,000 to $100,000,000 in Europe, and it is sup
posed that the amount has been increased. This
money is left in the Old World because it can earn
a higher rate than in the United States. In Germany
it commands as much as 5 per cent, while call loans
are being made in New York as low as i l / 2 per cent
and time loans at 3 per cent. The great banks of
Europe have been forced to advance their discount
rates to prevent such a flow of gold to America as
would embarrass foreign money centers."
It is further to be noted that so much money has
been accumulated in the money centers of the East
that there has been a simultaneous movement in New
"i ork and New England to reduce rates of interest
paid on bank deposits. There has been a marked de
mand for bonds of all kinds, bankers and capitalists
complain of the difficulty of placing good loans, and
the opinion is freely expressed that the United States
have reached a point where they can become the
banking nation of the world, able to furnish money
for the development of Russia or Asia or Central
Africa, or any other land that may need it.
This condition is unnatural. It can hardly be more
than an eddy in the current that turns money from
New York to Germany instead of to the Western and
the Southern States. There are far better opportu
nities for investment in the United States than any
where else at the present time, and if the New York
capitalists were as enterprising as they are rich, they
would seek them out, and by building up their own
country get better rates of interest than they can ever
get in Europe.
California alone can absorb a large amount of the
idle capital of the East and profitably employ it.
Within her domain are a thousand opportunities for
investment. She has rich mines still undeveloped,
forests uncleared and lands untilled. More than that.
She has an abundance of raw material that could be
profitably worked up by the construction of factories
in her cities. The State ships fresh fruit and imports
preserves, it ships lcathor and imports shoes, it sends
I forth woo! and imports cloth.
The whole of the West and the South is in a con
dition similar to that of California. Every State and
Territory in that wide domain lying west of the Mis
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
souri River and south of Omaha offers opportunities
for the investment of capital. This being so. it would
be well for the New Yorkers to bring their money
from Europe and set it to work at home. It may
gratify their vanity to assume to be the money
lenders lor the world, but there would be more busi
ness sense in upbuilding their own country.
THE STATE PRINTING MUDDLE.
THE State Board of Examiners, the Governor
and the members of the coming Legislature, in
their preparations for opening the State Printing
Office, are confronted, we may remark, by a condi
tion, not a theory. In connection with the condition
one thing may be stated with reasonable certainty:
The legislators who become responsible for delaying
the session in. order that political vengeance may be
wreaked upon somebody will be held to a strict ac
countability by the people.
It is true that Governor Budd, a Democrat, vetoed
the State Printing Office appropriation, but that is
now past history, and it need not be used by the
politicians for the purpose of damaging the Demo
cratic party. Governor Budd is about to retire from
office, and for his acts history will hold him respon
sible. What the State authorities and Legislature
should do is to guarantee State Printer Johnston a de-
ficiency appropriation and authorize him to imme
diately open his office and prepare for business. If
this is not done two or three valuable weeks of the
coming session may be wasted.
Governor Budd and Mr. Johnston have composed
their differences and are now prepared to co-operate.
It will not do for Republican Senators and Assem
blymen to disturb this entente cordiale for the pur
pose of making a little worthless political capital.
Business is business, and a State's business is en
titled to as much consideration at the hands of the
men elected to conduct it as the business of an indi
vidual.
Among other important measures whose safety will
be endangered by the refusal of certain Republican
leaders to support State Printer Johnston's deficiency
appropriation is the new charter of this city. That in
strument will demand the services of a great many
printers in its publication, and if it is not prepared
and presented promptly it may fall in the crush of
legislation and fail of ratification. This would he a
disaster which would greatly damage the Republican
party of San Francisco — an organization that will
be held accountable for the safe passage of the in
strument through the Legislature.
Besides this there is a great deal of legislation
which ought to be enacted, and if the Legislature
does not get to work promptly much of it will fail
and the remainder be crudely enacted. The Senatorial
contest is not the only interesting feature of the
coming session. The members can get together any
time and elect a Senator, but it requires industry and
i thought to enact laws. What the "leaders" should
do all around is to sink their differences and co
operate in promptly opening the State Printing
Office. If these men are not willing to do so, State
Printer Johnston should open his office regardless
of them. A majority of the Legislature will sustain
him.
WASHINGTON AND HER FESTIVAL.
AS a rule the city of Washington gives to Con
gress her undivided attention. Her people
have little in the way of business or pleasure
to distract their minds from the doings of the Senate
and the House of Representatives, and, accordingly,
not much else is talked of.
At the present time, however, Washington is com
paratively indifferent to Congress, and thinks of the
statesmen only when she wishes an appropriation.
The thoughts and the talk of her people are directed
almost wholly to the proposed celebration of the cen
tennial of the foundation of the city. This festival is
to take place in 1900, and preparations for it are ac
tively under way.
One of the means by which the Washingtonians
are arousing their enthusiasm on the subject to an
even greater fervor is by delving into the annals of
the past and bringing to light the predictions con
cerning the city that were made by the fathers of the
Republic. With the large, divine words of the
golden-mouthed orators of old. they cheer them
selves, and, looking around upon their city, they
exult in the fulfillment of those lofty ideals.
Some of these old-time words are of interest to the
whole country. When Congress assembled for the
first time in the newly founded city, November 17,
i<Soo. President Adams sent a message full of cheer
fulness, in which he said: 'May this territory be the
residence of virtue and happiness! In this city may
that piety and virtue, that wisdom and magnanimity.
that constancy and self-government, which adorned
the great character whose name it bears, be forever
held in veneration! Here and throughout our coun
try may simple manners, pure morals and true re
ligion flourish forever!"
Washington in her centennial celebration wishes to
show the world how nearly she has lived in accord
ance with this prayer of the patriot Adams. It is,
perhaps, for that reason she has for a time turned her
attention away from Congress, and perhaps after the
appropriation has been received she will put Congress
in the background altogether.
Under any circumstances the people of the whole
country will enjoy the Washington festival. We have
had celebrations of New York wealth, of Chicago
enterprise, of Omaha push, and now let us close the
century with the celebration of a city tfiat exults in
being ''the residence of virtue and happiness."
Legal technicality shines out in all its beauty in
the case of J. F. Turner. After an exhaustive trial
this man was found guilty of perjury and sentenced
to ten years. The public mind was not disturbed
by the thought that a wrong had been done him, either.
However, Turner got a reversal on the ground that
the indictment had failed to state that the perjury was
I willful. Of course, this is different. When perjury is
j accidental, or committed by a man in a hypnotic
trance or while he is sleep- walking, he is not to be
blamed.
The local columns recite the arrest and imprison
ment of a man and woman for having failed to keep
up payments on some goods they had bought on
the installment plan. If the circumstances are as re
lated an outrage has been committed, and an action
for false imprisonment would lie. The criminal
courts have more than they can do in attending to
their own business.
Perhaps some of the frightful stories told of the
torture of Spanish prisoners in the Philippines are
exaggerated, but it must be remembered that they are
not sent by Creelman, and are worth investigating.
Opposition to a proposed Senatorial junket to Cuba
comes, of course, from gentlemen who do not expect
to be on the committee, but it is valid opposition,
nevertheless.
Colonel Bryan has accomplished at least part of his
purpose. He will retain the military title to the end
of his days.
RESULT OF HOBSON'S CHOICE.
The Young Naval Hero May Become Admiral at the
Age of 40,
It is not surprising that Naval Con
structor Hobson shofcld have signified his
desire to the Navy Department to be
transferred to the line, for more honor
and emoluments await him in that branch
of his service than in his present corps.
If the original proposition regarding his
place in the line corps is adhered to Mr.
Hobson, who now has the relative rank
of lieutenant and as such takes prece
dence immediately after Lieutenant Roger
Welles of the line,- will be advanced to
the rank of lieutenant commander and
placed at the foot of that grade.
It is equal to a jump of 250 numbers or
twenty years' service and, no doubt, there !
will be some opposition made to this ad- j
vancemont, chiefly upon the ground that
such a jump is unprecedented in the ser
vice. Lieutenant Cushing, who blew up
the Albemarlo, was advanced only lifty
six numbers and made a lieutenant com
mander, and while Hobson's advancement |
of 230 numbers is unprecedented the act I
for which he is to be rewarded was also
unprecedented and would probably have
maile the gallant Cushing turn green with
Naval Constructor Hobson now receives
a salary of $321)0 a year, which after five
PMn Is increased t v $3400, tnence advanc- j
ing by rt\ t-yi-ur stages until after 20 years' |
service as a naval constructor he will re- j
eeive (4300 a year. At the end of twenty 1
years he would, if still in the construe- j
tors 1 corps, perhaps have reached the
relative rank of commander, but the high- |
est position he could attain in his present I
grade would be that of Chief Constructor
with the relative rank of commodore and
a yearly salary of $5000. Ab, however,
there are twelve ahead of him as con
structor, his chances of closing the thirty
four years yet remaining before he retires
without reaching a higher relative
rank than that of commandei is more
likely than his becoming Chief of the |
Bureau of Construction and Repairs.
When, therefore, Mr. Hobson selects the :
j line corps as his future place of useful- j
ness in the navy he does so with a cl*ear
understanding of the not far-off ultimate j
result. His pay as a lieutenant command- i
er will only be $2800 at sea and $2400 while j
on shore duty, but in less than six years j
vancemont, chiefly upon the ground that
such a jump is unprecedented in the ser
vice. Lieutenant Cushing, who blew up
the Albemarlo, was advanced only fifty
six numbers and made a lieutenant com
mander, and while Hobson's advancement
of 230 numbers is unprecedented the act
for which he is to be rewarded was also
unprecedented and would probably have
maile the gallant Cushing turn green with
envy,
Naval Constructor Hobson now receives
a salary of $3200 a year, which after five
Is increased tv $3400, tnence advanc
ing l>y rtvt-yiur stages until after 20 years'
service as a naval constructor he will re
ceive |4300 a year. At the end of twenty
years he would, if still in the construc
tors 1 corps, perhaps have reached the
relative rank of commander, but the high
est position he could attain in his present
grade would be that of Chief Constructor
with the relative rank of commodore and
a yearly salary of $5000. Ac, however,
there are twelve ahead of him as con
structor, his chances of closing the thirty
four years yet remaining before he retires
without reaching a higher relative
rank than that of commandei is more
likely than his becoming Chief of the
Bureau of Construction and Repairs.
When, therefore, Mr. Hobson selects the j
line corps as his future place of useful
ness in the navy he does so with a cfear
understanding of the not far-off ultimate |
result. His pay as a lieutenant command- j
er will only be $2800 at si- a and $2400 while
on shore duty, but in less than six years
ARGUMENTS
THAT WON
From the Eureka Standard.
The campaign is over and the interest
in the result of the recent election has
died out, yet the history of the struggle
for supremacy in this State will be in
teresting to the people for some time
to come. The great daily papers of
i San Francisco— The Call, Chronicle,
! Post and Bulletin— did much to educate
: the people and show the voters the true
1 inwardness of the situation. Maguire,
' though personally a clean man, was
! the embodiment of the worst political
■ principles that ever cursed a State, and
j his defeat was a blessing to the com
monwealth.
The paper which did the most to
bring the salient points in Maguire's
j political career to public view was The
< Call. That paper was edited during the
campaign by a masterful writer, or
corps of political writers. The publica
tion of Maguire's withdrawal from the
Democratic party and the analysis of
his political career constituted the most
powerful arguments used against him
i during the campaign.
The country press of the State has
! more inlluence in deciding an election
than the great city dailies; but the
country press In this campaign took its
cue from The Call, to a larger extent
than most people realize. The argu
ments which caused at least 35,000 old
1 line Democrats in this State to vote
against Maguire were mostly repro
duced from The Call's editorials, though
! each of the other dailies mentioned did
good and efficient work, not by any
means the least effective editorial work
being done by the Post.
The paper whk-h in the recent cam
paign did most to lead the press and
people to the conclusions which result
ed in a great Republican victory, in
the opinion of the Standard, is the San
I Francisco Call.
IN DEFENSE OF
REV. HENDERSON
To the San Francisco Call: In looking
over the contents of your worthy paper
of 14th inst. I was astonished to see
a remark made by some one regarding
the character of the Rev. J. E. Henderson.
1 feel it my duty to pen a few lines in
vindication of that gentleman's charac
\, r. The Rev. J. B. Henderson was sent
by the conference to take charge of the
Work at Angela Camp, and during his
stay on this work 1 was with him fre
quently. I can say that during the time
that I have been a member of the church
in different countries (which is over tifty
years) 1 have never met with a more
Christian gentleman than Mr. Henderson.
Mr. Henderson lives in the hearts of the
people in this little town to whom he
preached.
I am conscious that our people would
vindicate the character of Mr. Henderson
at the risk of their own lives. His name
is the household word in our town. I am
prepared to vindicate Mr. Henderson in
every way that my assistance might be
required. There is not a person in this
community but would put his signature
to this statement. Now, Mr. Editor,
would you be so kind as to insert this
simple statement in your paper? In so do
ing you will confer a favor on your sub
scribers, who wish to speak in vindica
tion of the character of a good man
and one that is beloved by us all. Hop
ing that you will comply with the re
quest of the citizens of this place I am
yours most respectfully.
JOHN MOYLE,
Vallecito, Calaveras Co., Dec. 17, 1898.
NEW OFFICERS
FOR NEXT TERM
The following named are the choice of
the societies to which they belong as of
ficers who are to serve for the ensuing
term:
Court Aurora. Foresters of America — George
Saver C. R. ; H. Herman, S. C. R. ; J. Heal
ing T. • J J. Fulton, F. S. ; J. Whittaker, R.
S. ; 'H. McKay, S W. ; A. Leln. J. W. ; J. Koh
ler, S. B. ; J. E. Davis, J. B. ; A. Nusbaum,
physician.
Myrtle Lodge, A. O. U. W.— A. J. Doyle. M.
W • E G. Van Tas«ell. F. ; W. H. Maters. O. ;
A. Loane, G. ; J. W. White, I. W. ; R. Young,
O W. ; W H Mathers, trustee (re-elected);
George Plummer becomes past master of the
lodge; W T. Thomson, F. : W. E. Bouton, R.,
and H. Bouton, receiver, hold over until next
July.
Yerba Buena Lodge, A. O. U. W.— J. P.. Clif
ford M. W.; F. W. Bain, F. ; W. E. .Bain, O. ;
Fred B. Wood. R. ; C. H. King, Fin.; L. Law
ranoe receiver: C. P. Shea, G. ; George Hanrta,
I. W. ; J. Wrede. O. W.
Sargent Lodge, I. O. O. F.— Mark Neuman,
M D N. G. ; George B. Hanna, V. G. ; George
W. Dlxon, S.; Alex Hay, T.; H. D. Neinhaus,
trustee.
Argonaut Council of the Royal Arcanum— W.
J. Nixon, regent; Ben Steroonthal, vice regent;
J. S. Abrahamgon, orator; M. S. de Roco, sec
retary ; E. J. Ensign, T. : Frederick Head, col
lector; T. L. Hal!, chaplain: I. Levy, quid*;
William J. Harrington, warden; J. J. Silvey,
sentry; J. B. Whitney, William F. Martin and
George W. Dixon, trustees. Installation, Jan
uary 9. by Deputy Supreme Regent J. B.
Whitney.
Cruelty to Children.
Warrants were sworn out in Judge
Megan's court yesterday for the arrest
of John Coffey and his wife Mary on
charges of cruelty to children. Monday
night the parents were holding a drunken
orgy in their home. 310 Utah street, and
they finished up by driving their two
boys, one 10 and the other 7 years of age,
out of the house. Neighbors took charge
of the children until Policeman Edner ar
rived and he sent them to the City
Prison, where they were placed in the
care of the matron. They will he sent
to the orphan asylum at San Rafael.
he is likely to reach the grade of com
mander, with a salary of $3500. In two
years more, or about ISOS, he will be a
captain, receiving $4500 annually, and be
fore the year 1909 he will be a commodore
Mr. Hobson's place in the line is likely to
be next after Lieutenant Commander
George L. Dyer, the latest promotion to
that grade, and between Lieutenant Com
mander Hobson and the ranking rear ad
miral there will be 219 officers^ The re
tirements, however, of these officers will
be so rapid that before 1910 no less than
199 will have reached the age of b2, and
will therefore be retired, and it is quite
likely that voluntary retirements and cas- j
ualties will bring the vacancies up to j
nearly 219. In this event Hobson will be
second on the navy list, and if the grades
of admiral and vice admiral are re-estab
lished and continued, the present Lieuten
ant Commander Rittenhouse will be ad
miral and Hobson vice admiral. Barring
accidents the roster will be as follows:
Admiral, H. O. Rittenhouse, age, 09, sal
ary $13, on .
Vice admiral, R. P. Hobson, age 39, sal
ary $9000.
Lieutenant Lucien Young will be the
youngest commodore— only 56— but all the
rear admirals and commodores will be
gray beards, none less than 57, .and the
first on the captains list will be 57 years
of agr-'. Bj 1913 Hobson will have become
admiral of the navy and remain there, if
his life is spared, for twenty yeftT». or
until 1933, when he may retire for age if
be chooses.
It i-s not to be wondered at that Hob
son should choose to enter the line again
with such a prospect. Arthur B. Holt,
who heads the list of ensigns, graduated
with Hobson; his signal number would
be 546, counting the numbers in each
grade ahead of him. and he will
be 325 numbers behind Admiral Hobson,
and will only have reached the middle of
the list of lieutenants or at the best head
the list of that grade. The presence of an
admiral for twenty years obstructing tho
flow of promotion is, of course, a hardship
to ambitious officers, but then his case is
a very unusual one and he merits all that
Congress or the country can offer him as
a reward for his heroism.
AROUND THE
11. G. Smith of Crockett is at the Lick.
C. D. Calley of Pittsburg is at the Pal
ace.
Scott E. Ennis of Sacramento is at the
Lick.
J. M. Fulton of Reno is at the Occi
dental.
Ex-Judge S. F. Geil of Salinas is at the
Occidental.
George D. Moore, U. S. A., is a guest at
the Palace.
R. W. Skinner of Marysville is a guest
at the Grand.
G. H. Appel of Los Angeles Is a guest
at the California.
George Lingo of Birds Landing is a
guest at the Grand.
Dr. R. W. Hill of Los Angeles is a
guest at the Grand.
W. H. Young, a merchant of Napa, is
a guest at the Russ.
F. F. Carnduff, editor of the Biggs
Argus, is at the Russ.
Attorney James F. Peck of Merced is
registered at the Lick.
G. G. Peters and S. W. Bates of Boston
are guests at the Palace.
James W. Morrissey of New York is
registered at the Palace.
J. J. Driscoll of New York, who is well
known here, is at the Palace.
Benjamin Latz, an insurance man of
Portland, is at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. James Raynolds from
Canton, 0., are at the Palace.
Dr. C A- Ruggles of Stockton and J. J.
liebbron of Saimus are at the Grand.
Miss C. E. Usher of Stockton, the well
known portrait artist, is at tne Palace.
G. A. Bluhm, the well-known book
maker, with his family is at the Occi
dental.
George P. Simpson, the well known
lumber merchant of Stockton, is a guest
at the Occidental.
Colonel E. A. Forbes of Vancouver, for
merly the District Attorney of Marys
ville, is at the Grand.
George Lightbound, Miss M. Light
bound and Miss Davidson, all of Toronto,
are staying at the Palace.
James W. Morrissey of New York, the
business manager of Rosenthal, the cele
brated pianist, is at the Occidental.
Pilar Morin, the well-known actress,
and her manager, Clement Bainbrldge, of
New York, arrived last night and are at
the Grand.
A. M. Bergerin of Chicago, the well
known exporter of California wißeg, and
the son-in-law of Banker Wickersham of j
Petaluma, is at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20.— S. B. Milliard and
wife of San Francisco are at the Gilsey;
M. Cohen of Los Angeles is at the Broad
way Central; P. C. Hale and Mrs. O. A.
Hale of San Francisco, and Mrs. O. A.
and Miss C. Hale, of San Jose, are at the
Majestic; George A. Stuart of Sacramento
is at the Vendome.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE TERELO— L. R. E., Bandon, Or.
More than a hundred different methods
have been tested for the purpose of pre
venting the ravages of the teredo upon
submerged timber. The principal meth
ods now in use are creosoting, Kyaniz
ing, copper sheatlng and asphalt sheat
tng.
THE LORD RAGLAN-J. T. M., Berke
ley, Cal. The British ship Lord Raglan,
reached San Francisco the last time, Jan
uary 2, 1890. She came from New Castle
in sixty-four days, laden with coal. She
said from San Francisco for Queenstown,
October 24, IS9O, and has never been heard
from since.
WOODEN SEWER PIPE-W. 8.,
Crockett, Cal. This department has ex
amined the patent records for twenty
years from the present one and is unable
to discover any record of a San Francis
can having been granted a patent for a
wooden sewer pipe. There may be such
a patent, but you will have to write to
the Patent Office at Washington, D. C
for information.
THE PACIFIC BANK-S., City. The
amount of money returned to depositors
in dividends by the Pacific Bank amounts
to 40 per cent of their deposits, that is
up to the present time. The bank has,
however, paid about 80 per cent of its in
debtedness. Tne New York banks held
collaterals for money advanced and real
ized on the same, and in that way a part
of the indebtedness of the bank was
liquidated.
HOMESTEAD-E. V. S., Lidell, Napa
County, Cal. An individual who has
homesteaded 160 acres of land is per
mitted to take up a timber claim, or he
may purchase as much railroad land as
the railroad will sell him or he may de
sire to purchase. The latter land is not
under the jurisdiction of the United
States Land Office. There have been
no pre-emption claims since March 3,
1891.
A COLLECTION OF SONGS AND
POEMS— O. H. W., Oakland, Cal. You
have the right to publish a collection of
poems, songs, etc., taken from various
books, newspapers and magazines pro
viding the articles so published are not
copyrighted by the publishers of the
books, newspapers and magazines from
which they are taken. If the copyright
has run out you are at liberty to repub
lish the articles. In every case due credit
should be given to the publication from
which an article is taken.
NEVER KISSED
NOR SAID
GOOD-BY
Gretchen Lyons Goes
to Her Hubby.
NO ONE TO SEE HER OFF
'
PAINFUL REMINISCENCES OF A
CLUB GATHERING.
Actor Hastings Resents the Atten
tions Comedian Edwin Stevens
Showered Upon the Depart
ing Leading Lady.
Pretty Gretchen Lyons, the discharged
leSS lady of the Alcazar .left on Mon
day evening's overland, her intention
£u»g i rSSIn her husband Lucitu^Hen
derson, who is playing "leads in a Mil
waukee stock company.
Gretchen's going was a cold and pain
ful one. There was no one to see her off.
Ernest' Hastings, leading man of t.ie
company Miss Lyons formerly graced
Who in a moment of sincere and violent
admiration sent in his resignation when
the actress was requested to leave,
neither sent the departing one flowers to
brighten the long, dismal journey nor
was he on hand to press her lips, clasp
her hand and wish her a dramatic oon
VOV3KG "
This smoldering of the burning EJajnea
of the tender passion— wrapping in
icy bandages of an inflammable cardiac
had its cause and being in a Bohemian
gathering, held in the rooms of the I reds
Club a week ago last Saturday nlsht.
Miss Lyons and Hastings were among the
many the journalists delighted to honor
Miss Lyons had a good time. Hastings
Comedian Edwin Stevens of the tivoli
officiated as toastmaster and in the midst
of his arduous duties decided that
Gretchen Lyons was the most charming
girl in the room. After arriving at this
dangerous conclusion Stevens devoted the
rest 6f the evening to Miss Lyons and the
champagne. Thirteen and a half cases of
wine were consumed by the club mem
bers and their friends and the TjvoJl
fa\crite with the leading lady as his part
ner was in at the finish. i lasting tasted
neither wine nor punch but stood round
in corners with glaring eyes while he
devoured the northeast corner of his
rosy upper lip. • : ' „
After the iress Club incident Gretchen
and Ernest only saluted each other
when necessity compelled. The leading
man diligently studied his lines and the
ex-leading lady packed her trunks. The
frosty covering of the Hastings heart, ac
cording to the management, has wonder
fully steadied the actor's head. For the
first time in many months Hastings was
letter perfect on Monday night and went
gayly through his role in spite of the fact
that the woman who had won his affec
tions and then trampled them under foot
was speeding to Milwaukee and hubby.
Bret Harte has one of his old-time
Christmas stories in next Sunday's
Call. Read it.
■ o »
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
« ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. '•;*'•■ ■■■'■
m ♦ ■
Sanborn, Vail & Co. have an immense
line of small glass vases, white statuary,
gold mounted pitchers and vases, Bohe
mian glassware, Stockton art pottery,
etc. For genuine bargains no other lines
equal theirs. *
» ♦ ■ — £ -_.
"This liver is awful, Alice," said Mr.
Newed.
"I'm very sorry," returned the bride.
"I'll tell the cook to speak to the livery
man, about it."— Roseleaf.
■ ♦ ■
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty .-ears by millions ol
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
■ » ■
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco. .
» ♦ ■
DRINK A BTEEPINQ OF MOKI TEA BE
fore retiring at night, and see how soundly
you will sleep and how joyously you will
awake in the morning. It supplies food for the
blood while you sleep, produces a clear and
beautiful complexion, cures constipation and
sick headache. At Owl Drug Co.
■t. m «
Smith— Brown tells me that he has ap
plied for a pension.
Jones— Why, I wasn't aware that he had
enlisted.
Smith— didn't; but he claims to have
contracted an incurable casa of that tired
feeling from reading the war news In tno
yellow Journals. '■:.■- <' : ~
®®W®Wwvs;(!;®vs)(s>*i<s;«>wt!)(&®
® _ ®
® ®
© At ®
I Christmas S
® \ '■' ' ■ :; ®
rj) More than at any other time --.
X we are apt to think that *»
W "there is no place like ®
® home." @
® So, why not for the next, twelve
(j\ months brighten the home with *-*
V new furniture, new carpets, or ®
>S) new curtains? 0
© — m
Ct) We sell at money-saving ~
X • prices— the famous 750 Mis- «J
® sion street low prices. ®
® — — ©
0 OF»EN EVENINGS.
® INDIANAPOLIS^
© FURNITURE %
® m ®
® . vU. 0
® 750 Mission St. - ®
© ®
©©®©®©©® ® ® ® @ ® ® ®SURVIVOR WAS
A SURPRISE
TO HIS STABLE
Nosed Out Horton,the
Favorite,
AT POST ODDS OF 12 TO 1
A SWERVE COST RUBICON HIS
RACE.
Red Glenn Won in Galloping Fash
ion — Pat Murphy a Mud
Lark — Ben Doran
Scored.
The astute Western horseman Pat
Dunne turned a warm one looso from his
barn at lngleside yesterday, and didn't
know it. Survivor, carrying his colors,
went to the post along with five other
two-year-olds in the opening scramble at
six furlongs, and so lightly were his
chances considered that the odds drifted
hack from 4 to 12. As a matter of fact,
Mr. Dunne and his friends laid their
checks on Horton. the 2 to 5 favorite, con
sidered invincible. "When it came to a
drive the last sixteenth "Skeets" Martin,
astride of Survivor, had the best of the
argument with Turner on the odds-on
choice, and gained the verdict by a nose.
Oood Hope, the second choice, also heav-
IJy played, was third. it was the initial
appearance at the meeting of the winner
and the stable naturally supposed the
Btrathmore youngster incapable of rough.
ing it with Horton.
■ The going was splashy and there were
one or two expensive upsets, noticeably
the defeats of Rubicon and Toribio. Daisy
h and Sweet William were the only wln
ning hofoes.
The downfall of Rubicon came about in
a peculiar,, way. The big chestnut horse
was a sharp favorite for the seven fur
lorfk run, in which both Montgomery and
Ben Doran were looked upon as keen
contenders. When the barrier flew up
Rubicon, with Thorpe up. and drawing
the rail position, swerved out. spoiling
his ■vn and injuring the chances of
Montgomery. Spencer slipped away with
Ren Doran and though givi n an argument
by Mi ntgomery, won easily at the wire.
Rubicon came from the far rear, getting
the show, a length behind Montgomery.
In the betting on tbi »even starters in
the six furlong sprint, second on the card,
the ring laid 6 to 1 against I.it Murphy,
and the roan gelding won all the way.
Toribio, the favorite, was second.
The mile selling run proved an easy
thing for Daisy V. the 9 to 5 favorite.
She headed Imperious in the stretch and
won hands down. Hardly came like a
typhoon the last part, beating Imperious
out of the place. Of the other starters
Benamela was the worst disappointment.
There were only four starters in the
mile and a larter selling event, but it
was a most interesting betting affair.
Sardonic, the Corrlgan entry, and Top
mast closed equal choices, with snmr> very
heavy commissions played on Red Glenn,
cuttint his odds from 3^ to 1 to 13 to 5.
The latter gelding, with Martin up, cut
out all the running and led Sardonic over
the line by two lengths in 2:10%. Topmast
secured the show.
Going to the post a 7 to 10 favorite
Sweet William made a gallop of the final
five and a half furloner sprint. Dr. Sharp
an outsider, downed Ferrier for the place.
Track Notes.
iterday was very sloppy
on top. v.ith a good, firm footing.
Bookmal -- was one of the big
winners of the day, beating four out of
five r.'.
If Spender can furnish nn more vigorous
ride than the one he put up. on Toribio a
long-suffering public will gladly excuse
him till the weather clears up.
Despite the boosting it has received In
the East, the New Orleans game Is re
ported in a bad way. Handlcapper J. W.
Brooks of the Oakland track attended the
racing at Ingleslde and reported that Fred
Foster had wired for ton Ftalls, and was
due yesterday. In his string are such
*hifty performers as Abuse, Dr. Bhepard,
Dr. / tiice and Glenmoyne. Some years ago
Foster made a great "killing" with Dr.
Rice, when that horse won the Brooklyn
Handicap. Tommy Gritlin, it is said, is
also thinking of starting for California.
Caesar Young tried to beat 'em from the
ground yesterday, a feat he failed to ac
complish while On the block. Caesar
loined in the rush to got aboard Red
Glenn.
Pat Dunne thought so well of Horton
and so lightly of his own colt that he bet
|jOO on the former.
Eighteen bookmakers weighed in. Mose
Getz joined in the pilgrimage for wealth,
booking under the name of the Calumet
Club. Ben Selig. noted for his resem
blance to Lord Beaconsfleld, paid off the
winning tickets.
Sam woodford, the well-known Eastern
speculator, is one of the recent arrivals.
Dave Fountain, the Idaho horseman,
arrived at Oakland track yesterday with
the noted sprinter I Don't Know, the
Etake horse Tempo and a couple of others.
Tempo has quite a history. He was pur
chased in Kentucky by Ed Tipton and
Fent to Montana to wtn some coin. In
his races he displayed aoout as much
jspeed as a "yaller dawg," and was Bold at
auction to Mr. Fountain for $70. After
winning a oouple of purse races he WBM
started in the $5000 Labor day handicap,
decided at Anaconda, and beaten but a
nose by Scottish Chieftain, the Daly en
try. Later, at the Great Fall! meet, the
Whistle Jacket horse defeated Chieftain
over a mile and a quarter, covered in
2:OCV4, the Montana record. It was after
ward claimed that Tipton offered $2000 to
iii\ the horse back.
Red Glenn has been having a pretty
SPECIAL !
Brlngr this Advertisement and pur-
chase from $1.00 and upwards and we
will return you
10c CARFARE.
Our Dissolution of Co-Partnership Sale
Still Continues.
HOLIDAY BARGAINS
FOR CHRISTMAS!
LADIES' FELT JULIETS, hand-turned
soles, new coin toe, former price
$1.60.
LADIES' SATIN JULIETS. turned
soles, colors, red or black; new coin
toe. reduced to $1.50
LADIES' FELT SLIPPERS, reduced
to OOc
MEN'S ALLIGATOR SLIPPERS, ex-
tra fine and comfortable, reduced
to '•"•••
MEN'S CHENILLE EMBROIDERED
SLIPPERS. sold elscwhwe for
$1.00 7fsc
Immense reductions in the Mlssea'
and Children's Department. Call and
convince yourself.
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS GIVEN
AWAY.
Country Orders Solicited.
Telephone, Jessie 1G37.
THE MONARCH SHOE CO.,
. 1384 and 1390 Market Bt.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Dec. 20, 1898.— Twentieth
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather rainy; track
sloppy.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
385 FIUST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index.. Horse.
■ r - 108! 4
>rton ■
■ d Hop* ]y3 2
■_. Strongoli 110 1
iii Anchored 104 6
[den Days i
Weight.
Urn.
%m.
5 6
3 2
1 h
2 3
6
4 1
4 4
I 1
1 1
I h
6
, 5 6
«im.
3 4
2 h .
1 h
4 10
5 2
6
Str.
1 ns
2 2
3 13
4 6
5 20
C
Jockeys.'
11. Martin....
|N. Turner
Woods
Thorpe
Rutter
4
2-5
4
15
X
I
Spencer
Time— l 4, :J6; H. :50Vi; %. 1:18. Winner, P. Dunne's b. o. by Strathmore-EUa F. Good
start. Won first three driving.
vivor surprised hjs stable folks. He responded to every call and "won on the nod."
Good Hope was outfooted the last part. Strongoll hail considerable early speed.
386 SECO:s ' D RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight St.
yy 4 m.
%m.
**m.
Str.
Jockeys.
H. Shields....
K4 Pat Murphy, 6 119 2 ... 11 11 11 1 2 H. Shields
MB Tortblo, 3 114 i 6 ... 3h 3 1 2 Vi 2 1% Spencer
17 Aluminum, 3 lou: 3 ... 2 1 2 1 3 2 3 S J. Ward J
Sti3 Gov. Sheehan, a....122|5 ... 52 52 4h 4h Tuberville ... 1
866 Ping, 3 11711 ... 4^4 4 4 6 2 5 3 McNichols ... 6-
371 Ulstleton. 8 117:7 ... 6Vi 6 2 6 6 610 Ames ;
875 Roßumore, a 119j 4 ... 7 1 I 7 Lenhart II
Time— V, :25V4; & *1H: %■ I^'Vi- Winner, H. L. Jones &. Co.'s m. g. by Imp.
Daly-Maitßie R. Good start. Won first three driving.
Murphy revels in Juicy going. Toribio might have been closer up with a more vl
ride. Ping backed up badly.
ISpencer
J. Ward
jTuberville ...
McNichols ...
Ames
Lenhart
4
1
10
15
5-2
30
100
QC7 THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; all ages; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weigfal Bt.
ijm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Joekej-s.
(330) Daisy F. 3 104 5
S7O Hardly, 3 .. 101 6
8?«» Imperious, 3 M 4
(372) Dick Behan, a 110 1
(370) l'r. Bern&ys, 3 9S 2
367 Ocorona 2 SI 9
tU Benameia, 5 107 7
3SI Boardman, 2 78 1 3
861 Duppralse. 2 S7j S
2 1
3 H
1 %
4 H
5 2
6%
7 1
9
6 b
2 tt
3 1
1 i
6 1
5 1
4 M
7 1
9
5 h
1 1
3 1
2 2
fi 1
4 h
6 2
7 3
5 10
»
8 1
4 1
6 S
62
8 15
9 1
\V. 11. Martin
J. Woods
iThorpe
lUray
■Hal Brown...
Rutter
E. Stimpson..
jDevln
2
15
4
•6
i}
2Cf.
5
80
15
8-5
20
9-2
7
7
30
6
200
30
Time— V, :28; %. :51H; %, 1:17; mile, 1:43 U. Winner, J. Carroll's eh. f. by ',
esty. Good start. Won easily. Seem* and third driving.
I >alsy won for the asking. She Is botter than an ordinary ra ter - The odds,
tide suited Hardly. Dr. Hernays droppt-d his medicine chest. Ocorona was aw
but l.ad speed to burn. Benamela sulked.
Scratched -Collins 107, First Call 104, Hazard 107.
nd and
poorly.
QOO FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; all ages; purse, $500.
Index. Horso. Age. Weight. jSt. Std. Hm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Ufd Glenn, a 191 1 13 13 12 13 12 12 H. Martin 5-2 5-2
3«7 Bardonle, 3 .12 2h 22 S % 21 2h 2 !>-. Pevin 2 11-:.
.t. 4 10214 3Hi 4 4 3h SI 8 3 Thorpe 1 11-5
(374) j 34 3h.3^4 4 4 4 MrN'fcholg ... 4 7
Tim. 14, I ?4, 1:18%: mile, 1:45; l^m., 2:10& Winner, E. W. Pursers b. g.
by Gltn Elm-Red Girl. Good start Won t-as:ly. Second and third driving.
licl Glenn won pushing on the bit. Sardonic made a game effort, but couldn't get up.
Scratched— GotoUe.l ;<3.
St Std.
Urn. Km.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
S-2 5-2
2 11-5
1 11-5
4 7
QOO FIFTH K.\. V. Bavta furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, ?400.
Index. Horse. Age. ' '
St.
14m.
' s ni.
-?im.
Str.
Jockeys.
365 Ben Doran, 3 1021 1
(36.i) Montgomery, 5 1041 2
(368) Rubicon, a 1071 3
377 Imp. ilißtral 11, 4. .107 4
359 Mocorlto. i 94| v
1 2
2 J
4 4
3 i
6
2 8
1 h
6
3 4
4 3
1 n
2 4
6
3 2
4 3
1 2
2 6
3 1
4 4
5
1 1% Spencer
2 1 H. Martin
3 2 Thorpe
412 B. Jones
6 Devin
S
7-5
7-5
8
30
4
9-5
3-2
13
100
Time— \. :ISH: ':?■ M%[ %, lsPiL', %. 1:29%. Winner, W. B. Jennincs & Co.'s eh. c.
by imp. sir Modred-lm] ; r Btart. Won cleverly. Second Rnd third driving.
Ai the barrier \ I Rubicon swerved toward the outside, ruining his own
chanre and interfering with Montgomery. Ben Doran then outgamed the latter. Rubicon
would undoubtedly have won.
000 SIXTH RACK— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St.
] »m.
';m.
i,m.
Btr.
3G4 Sweet William, 4. .118 1
... Dr. Sharp, 3
rrler, a ■
363 Caspar. 4 110 I
■.ry C, 3
:
... Byron Cross, >
364 Kair.aln, 5.. 107 •
2 1
E 1
I 3
4 h
6 12
1 X
L
1 4
4 3
3 1
| U
I IS
7 "
1 6
2 4
3 > 2
6 N
5 1
4 i
7
1 6 I
2%
3 1') I
4 h
6 h
6 25
7
i norpe
E. Sttmpson..
H. Martin
Romero
Gray
Houck
Devin
4-5 7-30
15 16
8-5 2
30 60
40 100
S<) 100
30 25
6 15
IJonea
♦Left. :.
Time— 3-16, :18%; 5-16. :30; 7-16, :4.r«: 5i4f., 1:09%. Winner, B. Schrelber's br h. »by
FitKJames-Olive. Good gtaii except Kamsln. \v,;i easily. Second and third driving
William won in a gallop. Dr. Sharp made his debut and scored a hit. He finished In
his olii r-:\:c Ferrier la a "has been."
Scratched— El Venado 110.
good time of it in selling races, and from
Hearsay the gelding stands a good chance
of being "boosted" In the near future. Of
his t&de yesterday, Alex Shields, owner of
Topmast, Bald that the next time that his
bora* started against Red Glenn and
did not have his weight up some bid
ding up would take place.
"Sket^ts" Martin did some very clever
saddle work in the different races. He
finished first astride Survivor, Daisy P
and Red Glerin.
Danny Lynch was very wrathy over the
defeat of Rubicon and was inclined to
blame Starter CaldweU. The horse
Bwerved after the barrier was released,
and it is certainly difficult to understand
wh.-re the starter was at fault.
The following arc the conditions for two
extra races, to be run on Monday, Decem
ber 26, at Ingleside track:
Handicap, purse $600 to the winner; en
trance $10, $15 additional to start; for 3
year-old» and upward. Kntries close Fri
ember 23; weights and declara
tions Baturday, December :>•). One and a
sixteenth miles.
Handicap, purse $"00 to the winner; en
trance $10, $10 additional to start: for ?,
year-olds and upward. Entries close Fri
day December 23: weights and delara
tlons Saturday, December 21. Six fur-
Entrance money in both races to be di
vided, 60 per cent to second horse, and 40
per cent to third horse.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race — Five furlongs; two-year-olds.
319 Nora Ives ir.i 821 Jerry Hunt JH
878 Earl Islington.. .lo3 ... Winifred 100
<361)Stlvor Beaux. 251 Jingle Jingle. ...llo
37g Ann Page 115 3fil The Fretter 113
361 Merry Heart. ...llo 879 Felicite 100
Second Race— Six furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
3SI Ilobert Bonner.. 95 363 Highland 8a11. .105
The Flea '■' '• 372 Prince Tyrant.. M
71 Cappy & 5 3&' J Hohenlohe 105
370 Lady Britannic. 93 372 Schnitz M
Third Race— mile; selling; over four
hurdles.
386 Rossmore 152 375 Ockturuck 125
879 lUiliverßO 125 343 Vlkinp 143
369 Durward .......125 375 Tortoni 143
375 I 'iabilta 135 375 Major S 120
373 Reddington 136
Fourth Race One mile; two-year-olds; the
Crocker Stakes.
867 Loa Medanos....llo (333) Sam McKeever.lls
873 Olinthus 115 231 Headwater 107
(270) First Tenor 115 373 Casdale 110
... Corslne 104 213 Baby King 101
(SSs) Survivor 110
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; selling; maidens;
three-year-olds and upward.
... Ypnacio 104 390 Henry C.........107
879 Bokombeo 104 866 Defiant 104
.. Texarkana 107 273 Credo 104
'.'.'. Sevoy 104 ... Initiator 107
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
(364)Ricardo 101| 384 "Wyoming 95
(359) Lord Marmlon.JOS 345 Cyril 105
371 Midllght 104 371 Valenclenne ....105
300 Ed Gartland 11. 06
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Merry Heart, Silver Beaux,
Winifred.
Second Race— Lady Britannic, Highland Ball,
Cappy.
Thjrd Race— Reddington, Major S, Viking.
Fourth Race— First Tenor, Sam MoKeever,
Los Medanos.
Fifth Race— Sokombeo, Tgnacio, Defiant.
Sixth Race— Midllght, Lord Marmion, Ed
Gartland 11. . P'-^J-'/-
«.
Winners at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 20.— "Weather cloudy;
track heavy. Results:
First race, six and a half furlongs—Time
maker won, Canova second, Hanlon third.
Time. 1:28%.
Second race, handicap, six and a half fur
longs— Hittlck won. Tendresse second. Queen
of Song third. Time. 1:30%.
Third race, one and a half miles, selling— Dr.
Marks won, Rockwood second, Royal Choice
third. Time, 2:E6H- -__.-_«.
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs— Gath won,
Carlotta C second. Applejack third. Time,
1 -ii
Fifth race, one mile— Macy won. Elkin sec
ond Garnet Ripple third. Time. 1:50%.
AMATEUR SLOGGING BOUTS.
The Police Interfered With the Show
Given by the California Ath
letic and Swimming Club.
The 80-calU'il anwicur athletic clubs are
Rivinp such miserable exhibitions of fisti
cuffs that the new Board of Supervisors
will refuse to issue permits to .any and all
clubs failing to pay a license of $100. This
is a good move in the right direction, for
the better interest of the sport.
Last evening Sergeant Chase, who at
tended * boxins: entertainment given by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
the CaJifornia Athletic and Swimming
Club at Mowry's Hall, had to stop two
bouts which were between untrained and
im-xperienced boxers.
The first event on the programme was
to have been an eight-round contest be
tween Charles Thurston and Jim Farron.
Farron had a very limited knowledge of
the game and was being smashed ail over
the ring in the third round when the offi
cer came to his assistance.
The second bout between "Kid" Johnson
and Joe Daily was also stopped in the
third round, as Daily, who had gloves on
for the first time, was a chopping block
for his opponent.
The final event was an eight-round con
test between Charley Rochette and Char
ley Johnson, which was won by Rochette.
This was the only redeeming feature of
the show, which was far from being sat
isfactory to those who paid an admission
fee.
POLLYWOGS VS. BULL FROGS.
First Game in Water Polo 'xourna
ment Will Be Played at Olym
pic Club To-nttght.
A water polo tournament has been ar
ranged at the Olympic Club and the first
game will take place this evening between
the Pollywogs, captained by Hinkel, and
the Bull Frogs, captained by Taylor.
Three teams will take part in the tourna
ment, and as each team is to play the
other teams twice, there will be six
games. The full schedule is as follows:
December 21, Pollywogs vs. Bull
Frogs.
December 28, IS9S— Pollywogs vs. "Water
Dogs.
January 4, IS99— Bull Frogs vs. Polly
wogs.
January 11, IS99— Bull Frogs vs. Water
Dogs.
January 18, 1899— Water Dogs vs. Polly
wogs.
January 25, 1899— Water Dogs vs. Bull
Frogs.
The team which loses most games in the
above series will be dropped out. The
two remaining teams will play the best
two out of three games for trophies
which are now on exhibition in the office
of the club. Each member of the winning
team will receive one of the medals, upon
the face of which ia engraved the figure
of a man diving; on the bar from which
the medal is suspended the words "Water
Polo" are inscribed. The medals are Mal
tf'Hp crosses enamflwl in red and white.
The personnel of the teams is aa fol
lows:
Bull Frog*.
Water Dogs.
O. A. Hinkel |
G. Habernlcht
C. Melrose...'
A. W. Tape
L. Hammersmith
J. J. Phillips I
George James j
L E. Cooper '1... Cooper
.V. S. Taylor jli. Boa* |
{. W. Taylor |R. B. Bowman
'. CofTroth C. T. Griffiths
ieorge Croal H. W. Gallett
r. llobdon J. Kennedy
:. T. Krellng A. McKillip
Forward.
rd.
Back.
. iv
* -
:. t.
G. A. Hinkel is captain of the Pollywogs,
W. S. Taylor of tho Bull Frogs and A.
McKillip "f the Vv'ater Dogs.
There will also be a handball tryout this
evening at the Olympic Club, as follows:
Hampton and Bennett vs. Morton and
Kagan; Hampton and Bennett vs. Harri
son and James; Bush and Bowman vs.
Mallon and Duffy.
Tho medals won at the championship
rowing regatta held on November 6 at
Long- Bridge will be presented to the
winners at the Olympic Club to-night.
On Friday evening the following hand
ball teams will compete with each other:
Morton and Eagan vs. Harrison and
James; I'ockwitz and Russ vs. Bowman
and Bush.
It is proposed to revive the lawn tennis
annex of the Olympic Club and members
interested in the game are requested to
hand their names in at the office.
Christmas Magic, by Professor
Hoffman, in next Sunday's Call.
Buried Lindner's Body Free.
The body of Hermann Lindner will not
lie in a pauper'% grave and the destitute
widow and her three babies will not be
obliged to go hungry as long as the few
dollars contributed by sympathizing peo
ple hold out. When the head of the firm
of H. F. Suhr & Co., undertakers at 1200
Mission street, read in The Call Monday
morning that the body was to be buried
In potter's field because the widow did not
have ?2'J to pay Undertaker Dierk, he sent
word to the woman that ho would take
charge of the funeral and see that the re
mains were given a decent burial free of
cost.
Story of the King of Counterfeit
ers in next Sunday's Call.
HAWKINS BESTS
KID McPARTLAND
Knocked Out in the
Third Round.
LEFT SWING ON THE JAW
NEW YORK LAD CARRIED TO
HIS CORNER.
Backers and Friends of the Califor
nian Cheer Wildly When the
Referee's Decision Is
Announced,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, Dec. 20.— Dal Hawkins,
the lightweight pugilist from the Pa
cific Slope, made short work of Kid
McPartland of this city, whom he met
in the arena of the Lenox Athletic
Club to-night. The bout was decided in
the third round, the New Yorker being
knocked out with a left swing on the
jaw. Hawkins opened favorite in the
betting at 100 to 80, but these odds did
not last long, and even money ruled
when the men donned the gloves.
This was the third time Hawkins has
fought before a New York club. He
won from Joe Gans in fifteen rounds
the last time he p^^ared here and was
knocked out by Spike Sullivan on his
second visit.
The men agreed to box under Mar
quis of Queensberry rules and to break
when called on. They were announced
to go twenty-five rounds. Each weigh
ed 135 pounds at 3 o'clock this after
noon.
Round I— After some slow work Haw
kins got in a left hook on Mac's stomach
and the Kid fell to his knees, but arose
quickly and they exchanged left hooks
on the stomach and head before the bell
sounded.
Round 2— Mac cut out the pace, with
Hawkins, on the defensive, but very little
was done by either until near the close,
when Hawkins landed a very hard left
hook in the wind.
Round 3— Hawkins was first to count,
swinging his left on the ribs. Mac replied
with a left on the head. Then both sent
left hooks to the head. Mac sent a
straight left to the face, and Dal sent his
right over the heart. This blow weakened
McPartland, who a few seconds later was
sent to the floor with a left hook on the
jaw. Mac rolled over, but got to his feet
in nine seconds. Both made passes at
close quarters. Dal sent his right and left
to the jaw and Mac landed a short left
swing on Dai's jaw. Just as Mac started
to sprint away Hawkins let fly another
long left swing which landed flush on
Mac's jaw and the New Yorker dropped
like a log, flat on his back. He lay as if
dead, while the referoe counted ten, and
then McPartland's seconds carried their
man to his corner.
He"feree Charley "White declared Haw
kins the winner, while tha backers and
friends of the Californian stood up and
cheered wildly. The time of the round
was two minutes and thirty-one sec
onds.
Frank Bradley of Philadelphia and
Billy Needham of St. Paul put up a
lively fight in the preliminary of ten
rounds at 126 pounds. Both men were
pretty well marked up at the finish. The
referee decided in favor of Bradley.
Football on Christmas.
"WOODLAND, Dec. 20.— The second day
High School football team will go to
Marysville«on Christmas to play the Ath
letic Club of that city.
NO PAY, NO LIGHTS.
The Gas Company Begins a Tight for
Back Bills Due From the City.
The gas company considers the city a
bad debtor and has refused to honor re
quests for an aggregate of a thousand
new lights asked for during the last
month by the Board of Supervisors. And
the company has announced to the
board, though quietly, that it will not
honor further requests until Mayor Phe
lan's vpto gets the Charley horse and
goes out of business. Since October 7
every monthly bill of the gas company
that has come in has been passed by the
board, but sent back to it adorned with
the Phelan veto. Mr. Phelan has taken
this action not because he does not enjoy
the effulgence of the company's illumin
ant, but because he does not believe it
should be paid for if he can find a legal
technicality to evade it. The result is that
every payday compels a hustling for
enough votes to override his edict. Tt is
invariably done, but the bills are stopped
at the Auditor's office by an injunction
and the stream of dollars from the treas
ury effectually dammed.
The gas people have finally begun to
fight back and the threat was floating
around yesterday that "unless there was
something done in the next two weeks
Mr. Phelan would be obliged to write his
veto message? by tha light of a tallow
dip. As it is there will be no more light
requests honored until present obligations
are liquidated."
Christmas Magic, by Professor
Hoffman, in next Sunday's Call.
Niles Searls Recovering.
The many friends of Judge Niles
Bearls, who has been very sick at the
St. Nicholas Hotel, will be pleased to
learn that his condition has improved and
his physicians believe that he is now well
on the way to complete recovery. The
well-known jurist has been ailing: for some
time, but his condition took a serious
turn when he heard of the death of Su
premo Court Commissioner Isaac S.
Belcher. The two had been close friends
for many jre&rs and the passing away of
his associate prostrated Judge Searls.
The danger point, however, has passed
and it is expected that he will be about
in a few days.
Stuart Bobson tells how to win
success on the stage in next Sunday's
Call.
Threatened His Wife.
A warrant was sworn out in Judge
Joachlmsen's court yesterday for the ar
rest of E. Delehanty, a saloon-keeper at
24 Howard street, for threatening to kill
his wife. She alleged that when he got
drunk he beat her and Monday night said
he would finish her. A year ago he was
arrested on a similar charge.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s special holiday
display this week is attracting universal
attention. It is a grand display of moder
ate priced goods, every article of which
is suitable for a Christmas present. The
s»tore decorations are also unusually bril
liant and especially appropriate to the
occasion. •
Two Apprentices Drowned.
QUEENSTOWN, Dec. 20.-The four
masted bark Euphrates, Captain Davles,
from San Francisco August 20, which ar
rived here yesterday, reported that during
the terribly severe weather on December
5 two apprentices were washed overboard
and drowned.
Order now Christmas wine*; Atlas whisky.
Try Rainier Export Beer; strengthening; right
hop flavor. Monns & K&ltenbach, 29 Market.
SCOTS AT THE
FESTAL BOARD
Annual Reunion of the
Caledonians.
THIRTY "THIRD ANNIVERSARY
INSTALLATION OF OFFICERS TO
SERVE THE ENSUING YEAR.
Many Happy Guests Were Present.
A Tribute of Esteem to
George David- ...
son.
The thirty-third annual reunion, ban
quet and installation of officers of the
Caledonian Club took place at Scottish
Hall last night. Four hundred guests sat
down at table and the newly elected chief
of the club, Angus McLeod, presided at
the feast. After the good things had been
discussed there was a programme of lit
erary exercises, ex-Chief John Reid act
ing as master of ceremonies. The toasts
were responded to by Mayor Ph elan, J.
D. McUilivray, J. S. Webster, John Bar
rett, Charles Morrison and A. M. Mc-
Pherson. ,
Appropriate songs were rendered by
William J. O'Brien, R. S. Duncan and
William A. Barr.
George Davidson, the retiring second
chieftain and one of the charter members,
was presented with a solid silver set in
recognition of his long services to the
club.
The officers elect for 1599 are
Chief, Angus McLeod; first chieftain, A.
M. McPherson; second chieftain, F. F.
Finlay; third chieftain, Andrew McNair;
fourth chieftain, J. W. Cameron; physi
cian, Dr. J. A. J. McDonald.
Directors— J. E. McFarlane, F. F. Fin
lay, A. Laurlston, John Duncan. D. H.
Finnic, A. Lauriston, D. H. Finnic, J. J.
Cameron, J. P. McCormack, J. A. Mo-
Executive committee — John Reid, J.
W. Cameron, George Davidson, William
Urquhart, James H. Duncan, Dr. J. A. J.
McDonald. „ 
Reception committee — William Urqu
hart, A. Lauriston, Allan McKinnon, Wil
liam Mitchell, James Millar, James H.
Duncan, George McDonald.
Floor manager, George S. Thompson.
The complete list of guests is as fol
lows:
Mrs. L. Harrison. W. J. Anderson, A. Mac-
Pherson, Captain McKechnle, Mrs. McKechnie,
A. Lauriston, Miss B. Lauriston, A. Lauriston,
Miss S. Mac Lean, R. P. 'MacGowan, George
Mao Donald, J. D. M. Cannell, Miss Sophie H.
Hutton, Genevleve C. McNeill, Marjorie Mc-
Leod, Duncan McLeod, Miss Martha Harris.
James W. Harris, D. J. Leary and wife, Joseph
Hoffmann, John Reid and wife, William Brod
erlck and wife, Mrs. J. Hoffmann, Jeremiah
Deasy, Mr. and Mrs. George Davidson, Mr.
and Mrs. J. S. Webster, Mr. and Mrs. John
Keid, Mr. and Mrs. John McLaren, Mr. and
Mrs. P. Livingston Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. An
drew Wilkie, James McNab, Mrs. S. Voltz,
Miss Jeannie Davidson, Miss Susie McNab,
Miss Jessie Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Mc-
Nair, Mr. and Mrs. L. D. Mac Donald, A. E.
Killom, Miss D. M. Sewell, W. R. Eaton, Mr.
and Mrs. W. S. Rucker, Mr. and Mrs. A. M.
MacPherson, Miss Georgie MacPherson, A. W.
Macpherson, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Allen, Mrs.
Cameron, Sergeant T. Bethel, Mrs. L. Bethel,
Sergeant J. Duncan, Mrs. Duncan, Mrs. Jere
miah Deaay, James D. Fhelan Angus McLeod,
John J. Barrett, John D. McGillvray, Charles
Morrison, Maude Macdonald, Jessie Alacdonald,
James Gossip, Mr. and Mrs. George W. Elder,
Mls3 Adele Morgenstern, Charles S. Hendry,
Miss Annie M. Reid, James Rolph Jr.,
N. J. MacLeod, Miss Etta MacLeod,
F. F. Finlay, Mrs. F. F. Finlay, Charles A.
McPhee, Mies Minnie E. McDonald, Mies Ellen
McDonald, Andrew R. McDonald, Mr. and
Mrs. George 8. Thompson, HughJ. Mclsaac,
Miss Frieda Hatju, Mrs. William Hatje, Wil
liam Hatje, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Mac Donald,
Mrs. William Treanor, Joseph P, McCarmock,
Miss Lucy A. Keegan, Mr. and Mrs. W. Kirby,
Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Clark, C. H. Chipman,
William Shaw, James Sinclair, Mr. and Mrs.
P. McKenzie, Mr. and Mrs. J. McLean, Miss
McCloeky, J. M. Duncan, Miss Jessie Duncan,
Miss L. Wolf, Norman McKinnon, William
Urquhart, Mr. and Mrs. W. Urquhart, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Urquhart, Mrs. Chase, Miss Chase,
James Millar, Mr. and Mrs. J. Bishop, Miss Bes
horman, Mr. and Mrs. W. Mitchell," Mr. and
Mrs. S. Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. E. Robinson.
Miss Lillian Robinson, Charles Mellish. Master
McNeill, H. G. Jackson, William Wood, J. E.
McFarlane. Mrs. J. E. McFarlane, Mrs. Sim
mons, D. J. McFarlane, Miss Mcßae, Mrs. Mc-
Lachlan, Miss Lizzie McLachlan, A. S. llc-
Lachlan, James W. Christie, Mlbs James, Alex
McDonald, M. McDonald, Lorena McDonald,
Mr. and Mrs. E. F. McChesm, Mr. and Mrs.
John R. Ross. Bert Windrow, Captain W. H.
Barr, W. G. Barr, J. W. Cameron, D. H. Fin
nic, Miss Jessie Finnic, Miss May Fin
nic, Colonel C. L. Taylor, Colonel W. C.
Bennett, George McDonald, Miss Jessie
McPherson, Miss Nellie McDonald. R.
M. McKinnon. Mrs. John McKinnon,
R. S. Falconer, Miss Robena Munro, Miss M.
S. Curry, Mrs. F. McNeill, John F. McDonald
and wife, James Baxter and wife, Thomas T.
Duff, Mrs. G. W. Paterson. Dr. Deasley, Miss
Maud Cameron, Dr. Charles M. Trpppmann,
Mrs. Dr. C. M. ! Troppmann. Miss May Bat
teux, Mlbs Pauline Batteux, Nell Lindsay, Miss
Jean Wilson, Miss Hattie Wilson, Charles Mac
donald, H. Ralston, Mrs. H. Ralston, Miss K.
C. Ralston, Miss G. Ralston, W. E. Kim
ban, Mrs. J. B. Clark, John C. Ayers, Daniel
McPhee, Mrs. Daniel McPhee, M. J. McWhtn
ney. Miss Emma Cheffers, S. McGregor, Miss
Llllie Cheffers, Mrs. Emma Hassett, Fred J.
England. Miss Nellie Ingenthron, Fred H.
Glover Miss Clara N. Hunter,. J. A. Annear,
Mrs. R. S. Anderson. Professor William J.
O'Brien and wife, Mrs. J. C. Ayers, J. B.
Clark, Mrs. W. B. Kimball, Thomas Wilson,
Mrs. Wilson, Harry Ralston, M. P. Forbes,
W. H. Blunden, Maude Forbes, Miss Mc-
Donald, Mr. and Mrs. D. R. Campbell, J. . J.
Cameron, B. J. Judge, Mrs. B. J. Judge. J.
Kirk, Miss E. Beauohamp. Mr. and Mrs.
F. McGregor, Mrs. Pringle, R, F. Wilson. Miss
A. Chevalier, L. : Morrison.
Dancing concluded a most enjoyable
evening.
METROPOLITAN HALL.
SPECIAL!
The One Great Musical Event of
the Season!
THE WORLD'S MOST EMINENT PIANIST,
ROSENTHAL!
This Unrivaled Virtuoso of the Piano "Will
Appear Here in
THREE GRAND PERFORMANCES!
Under the Direction of HENRY WOLFSOHN,
TUESDAY EVENING ............JANUARY 3
THURSDAY EVENING .JANUARY 5
SATURDAY MATINEE... ..JANUARY 7
THE HIGHEST MUSICAL AUTHORITIES
ON ROSENTHAL.
"Even Rubinstein had not such a mastery of
the piano."— New York Herald.
"RoEenthal Is the wizard of the piano."— New
York Tribune.
"Rosenthal aroused the great audience to an
extraordinary demonstration." — New York
"Rosenthal is so great that. he can be com-
pared only to Liszt or Rubinstein." —
(England) Court Journal. _
Sale of Seats for the Three Performances "Will
Begin TUESDAY, December 27, at 9 a. m., at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s . Music Store, where
programmes can be secured.
PRICES ....$l. *2 and *3
According to Location.
STEINWAY PIANO USED.
COMEDY THEATER.
OUR XMAS HOLIDAY GREETING,
The Ever Gay
HOYT*S
"A BUNCH of KEYS"
BRIGHTER AND BETTER THAN EVER.
MORE GOOD FUN!
MORE GOOD LAUGHS'.
MORE PRETTY GIRLS
Than All Farce Comedies Combined.
AND FIRST TIME AT POPULAR PRICES.
DOLL MATINEE SATURDAY
, GRAND XMAS MATINEE SUNDAY.
PRlCES— Evening ............15c," 25c, Soc, - 500
Matinees :..:.. 15c and 25c
Seats Secured, Box ; Office and Emporium.
HOLIDAY; MATINEE MONDAY, Dec. 26,
"A ROMAKOB Or COON HOLLOW." : \ fj
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
wellpeoplOaye
healthy kidneys!
What a New Discovery in Medical Science Proves.
THE WORK YOUR KIDNEYS HAVE TO DO.
The Discoverer of Swamp-Root at Work in His Laboratory.
SWAMP-ROOT Is the Great Remedy for Kidney, Bladdef
and Uric Acid Troubles — To Prove for Yourself Its
Wonderful Merits, You May Have a Sample Bottle Sent
Absolutely FREE by Mail.
You can waste health without know-
ing it, and poor health almost always
begins in the kidneys.
The most important organs of the
whole body are the kidneys.
They filter your blood and keep it
pure.
People are apt to believe that kidney
disease is rather a rare disease, but re-
cent discoveries have proved that it is
a most common trouble indeed.
And the proof of this is, that most
diseases, perhaps 85 per cent, are
caused in the beginning by disorders of
the kidneys.
You can't be sick if your blood is
pure, free from kidney poison and dis-
ease-breeding germs.
Your kidneys should keep it so. That's
what they are there for. And as long
as they are well they perform their du-
ties with thoroughness and dispatch.
You are well when your kidneys are.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney remedy, will make your kidneys
well when they are sick.
Kidney trouble often comes from
overwork or overexertion. From ex-
posing them to cold and other weaken-
ing influences, from lifting or a strain,
worrying. From overeating or over-
drinking. All these things weaken
your kidneys and poisonous germs be-
gin to creep into your blood.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
LAST 4 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Popular Irish Comedian,
DANIEL SULLY
In the Comedy-Drama Success,
O'Brien, theGontractor
EXTRA— NEXT SUNDAY.
8 Nights and 2 Matinees Only.
NANCE O'NEIL
And an Augmented Company.
Monday Matinee, KM \ f* T\ \
First Four Nights, ' ITI/AviLFM.
Next Three Nights— "GUY MANNERING."
Saturday Matinee— "INGOMAR."
Sunday Night— "OLIVER TWIST."
Seats Ready To-morrow (Thursday).
COLUMBIA_THEATER
LAST NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
HOYT'S Greatest Farce Triumph,
A Parlor Match
A Hit of Mastodonio Proportions.
EXTRA-Next IA/e©R.
First Performance Monday Matinee.
W.H. WEST'S SUPERB, BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE.
The most refined, artistic minstrel organiza-
tion In the world. .
Seas Ready To-morrow (Thursday).
VT n 11 7 ATi SEATS BY PHONE
ALUAZAK Main 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
FAMILY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. ROLAND REED'S
Merry, Breezy, Happy Comedy,
HumbuG
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Extra Matinee SUNDAY, Benefit Stage Chil-
dren, "FIRST BORN," by Juveniles.
Next Week— Christmas Matinee Monday—
Hoyt's "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
"= iV: SEATS NOW READY.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St., Cor. Mason. .
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
ONLY FREE THEATER ON THE PACIFIC
COAST PLAYING EASTERN STARS.
The LEANDRO BROS.
Far-Famed Acrobats.
llZat CONCH IT A
, ';. The Song Hits of the Day.
FORMAN AND HOWLETT
Celebrated Banjoists.
MME. EMILY SCHIEDLE
I Greatest Trapeze Act in - the World.
AND TEN ALL-STAR ACTS. ■
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
It is at just such times that Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root is needed.
When your kidneys are not doing
their work, the symptoms which prove
it to you are backache, headache, sedi-
ment in the urine, scalding irritation
in passing it, obliged to go often dur-
ing the day and to get up many times
at night; dizziness, Irregular heart,
bladder or uric acid troubles, rheuma-
tism, neuralgia, sleeplessness, nervous-
ness, irritability, sallow complexion,
bloating, dropsy, tired feeling, loss of
energy and ambition.
Swamp-Root is a vegetable remedy,
the great discovery of Dr. Kilmer (the
eminent kidney and bladder specialist),
and has truly marvelous restorative
powers over the kidneys.
You can set your whole system right
with Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root.
The best proof of this Is a trial, and
nothing could be fairer than the offer
to send a sample of this great discov-
ery for trial absolutely free to any ad-
dress.
To get the sample and a book that
tells more about this interesting sub-
ject, write to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blng-
hamton, N. V., and mention that you
read this liberal offer In the San Fran-
cisco Daily Call.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root Is what you need, yon can
purchase the regular 50-cent or $1 gizes
at the drug stores.
AMUSEMENTS.
If OROSCO'S 6RAK!
V alt»b mokosco, Sole Lessee and ilaaagec
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
COMMENCING MONDAY, DEC. 19, 1898.
Revival of the old favorite,
UNCLE TOM'S
........ CABIN..
LESLIE MOROSCO as Mark*.
A WORLD'S RECORD.
During MR. MOROSCO' S managerial career
In this city he has given 5619 consecutive per-
formances.
Popular prices, 10c, 25c and 60e.
THE R APPOTSISTERS.
RUSSIAN CHARACTER DANCERS.
THE 3 LUKINS, Acrobats.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN, New Storlea,
Bongs and Humor. • • -
WESTON & HERBERT, Comedy Musical
Artists.
HORACE GOLDIN, Illusionist.
THE MERKELL SISTERS, Equilibrists.
JULIUS P. WITMARK, New Songs
FRANK LA MONDUE, the Mute Comedian.
Last week of TAUL BATTY' B BEARS. -
Reserved seats 25c, balcony loc, opera chairs
and box seats 60c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mra. Ernestine Krelln*, Proprietor and Mgr.
—TO-NIGHT—
—THE- HOME TRIUMPH!—
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE.
THE YELLOW DWARF.
Splendid Grand < Ballet*— Music.
• Timely Topicals— Merry SMta.
' The- Beau tiful I ormatton.
"THE F*l\/E SENSES."
A Delight for Young and Old.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Bring the Children.
Popular prices, 25 and EO cents. N. B.— A re-
served seat for the Matinee, 25 cents. Our tel-
ephone. Bush 9. Secure your seats in advance.
1 • v_-<. «J. C»
(INGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA,
Five or More Races Daily.
DECEMBER . ...... .771777 12TH
, rr>Q ..
DECEMBER .........:........ 2«TH
WEDNESDAY,
THE CROCKER STAKES,
FOR 2-YEAR-OLDS— ONE MILE— 49 Entries.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 anA
I:2G d. m.
I Round-trip tickets, 2Sc.
Electric cars on Mission and Keorny atraeta
every three minutes. . " . .
ADMISSION..... ONE DOLLAR.
8. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary
lA/.T.HESS,
' ITOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTORNST-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Spreckels Bldsj.
■ Telechone Brown 931. .. * -■'..' ■ ■
Residence, S2l California St.. .. t*low Fonll.
| San Francisco.
78
GRANT RESORTS
TO FALSEHOOD
AND EVASION
His Duplicity Is Fully
Exposed.
WOULD TRADE HIS HONOR
OFFERED TO RESIGN IF ELECTED
SENATOR.
While Refusing Interviews to San
Francisco Newspaper Ken He
Makes a Denial in
Los Angeles,
\ U. S. Grant Jr., the young stranger
ijti >m Sun Diego who thinks he can se
' .cure the Senatorial plum with the aid
/\j his father's name and a judicious
use of the money furnished him by his
Eastern political friends, has Joined
the ranks of those who lie for political
Some days ago The Call gave pub
licity to the statement that Mr. Grant
come time ago approached a promi
nent Republican with the proposition
that if the gentleman would lend aid
tv Grant's Senatorial candidacy he
(Grant) would, in the event of his
election, serve a year or so and then
resign in favor of the man who aided
him. Mr. <;rant was challenged to de
ny the statement, and the promise was
made that if he so far disregarded the
truth as to make such a denial the
name of the gentleman to whom he
made the proposition would be given.
Mr. Grant has been in the city several
days and has been asked by many
newspaper representatives to express
■ himself as to the truth or falsity of
the statement made in The CalL This
lie has declined to do, taking refuge be
hind the general declaration that he J
•would at »ome future time make reply
to all that had betn said about him.
To those who are more Intimately ac- j
Quainted with the breadth of mind and i
moral courage of young Mr. Grant It
will not be a surpnse to know that h!s ''■
Bilence is probably due to the fact that :
.the gentleman to whom he made the
proposition referred to is a resident of
this city. Reference would not be
n'iade to this were it not for the fact
that Mr. Grant has caused to be pub
lished in the Los Angeles .Record an
interview in which he denu-s having
made the proposition attributed to him.
While denying himself the pleasure of
making a denial to San Francisco
newspaper men, he has sought to in
fluence Bentlment in the southern part
of the Stale by giving utterance to a '
deliberate falsehood for the benefit of
the readers of a Los Angeles paper. So
much for Mr. Grant's courage and
veracity. Kuw for the facts In the
case.
The proposition attributed to Mr.
Grant was m.vie to John D. Spreckels.
Concerning it Mr. SpreckHs has this
to say:
"'Mr. Grant visited me at my office,
527 Market street, about a month ago.
He introduced the subject of the elec
tion of a United States Senator. He
talked of his candidacy and said that
;the only reason he wished to be elected
'Senator wns for the honor it would give
him. lie askt-d me to support his can
didacy urxi said that if I would do so
he would, if elected, serve only a year
or two and would then resign in my fa
vur. 1 told him that 1 was not seeking
the position, did not want it and would
not take it were it offered me wiih a
certificate of election. That ended the
matter, and Mr. Grant departed."
Here we have Mr. Grant's confession
of his own unworth. He has no desire
to serve the people of the State in
■whose borders he is practically a stran
ger. His only object in asking to be
'cent to the upper house of the Ameri
ican Congress is that he may thereby
claim the right to be called "Senator"
Grant. A worthy ambition, surely, and
fcne quite In keeping with the man who
"twill resort to falsehood to cover a re
iprehensible act. To achieve this noble
ambition this worthy son of his fattier
■was willing to barter his honor, the
confidence of the people and the friend-
Bhip of those deluded Individuals who
z«re still unaware o£ the fact that h«m
;esty and integrity are not always
transmitted from father to son.
Some idea of the caliber of the man
.who comes from San Diego with a bi<l
for legislative votes because the acci
dent of birth happened to give him the
name of Grant may be given by the re
: lation of an incident that occurred in
the corridor of a San Diego hotel dur
! ing the progress of the recent cam
paign.
Grant was discussing the political sit
uation "with a group of politicians when
one of them asked the aspirant for Sen
.atorial honors if he expected members
, #f the Legislautre to vote for him just
because his naxne is Grant.
"That should have great weight with
them," replied the budding statesman.
"a very great weight, I should say.
especially in Washington."
'"That is wh<re you are wrong." said
his questioner, "because you are
spreading that idea and others are tak
ing it up. There is an old gentleman
in Sierra County whose name is George
"Washington. He is a lineal descend
ant. I believe, of the Father of His
Country. Mr. Washington has heard
of your claim and has come out as a
Senatorial candidate. He is Raining
.strength every day and it looks as
though he was going to be a big factor
«n the Senatorial fight."
"Is this a fact?" inquired Grant ex
citedly.
Upon being assured th..t the facts
v ■!■•■ as represented he burst out with:
"You must excuse me, gentlemen. I
must ru;i upstairs and t^ll Milton
Green about this. If George Wash
ington is a candidate Mr. Green should
know it right away. I pay him $250 a
month to look after my political Inter
ests iiwi he will know how to deal with
this matter."
Just what Mr. Green told Mr. Grant
In the secrecy of their chamber will
never be known, but speculation con
cerning it did not lessen th- hilarity of
the group in the hotf»l corridor.
Itching Scalp and Dandruff.
application of Smith's Dandruff
Pomade stops itching scalp: 3 to 6 re
move all dandruff. At nil druggists
Fample free. Address Smith Bros Fres
no, <'al. •
TTnHeT" +Ti<» TPCa turn a n TSMarr
First Mate Thomas Varnom of the Ha
waiian steamer Alexander surrendered
himself to United States Marshal Shine
rday, he having learned that a war
rant was out against Kirn for beating
jiml wounding sailors on the high seas.
Varnom was taken beforeTJnited States
<'ommlsHoi:or Heacock for examination,
and wh"n the fact was made known that
the Alexander was not an American reg
istered vessel the case was dismissed aiu
Varnom was discharged.
Bret Harte has one of his old-time
Christmas stories in next Sunday's
•all. Head it.
TWO ENGLISH
VESSELS NOW
OWNED HERE
Both Will Go Into the
Hawaiian Trade.
THEY ARE GOOD CARRIERS
FALLS OF CLYDE AND STAR OP
RUSSIA THE SHIPS.
I
Sailing of the City of Peking Post
poned Again — A Searching
Investigation Into the
Scandia Scandal.
Two English sailing vessels have been
purchased in San Francisco within thelast
few days. The four-masted ship Falls of j
Clyde Is now owned by William Matson j
and others, and the Star of Russia by J. J.
Moore & Co. Captain Anderson and the
English crew of the Falls of Clyde left
the vessel yesterday and will be sent to
England on other vessels by the Brlti»h
Consul. The Star of Russia is now at
Port Townsend loading for Honolulu.
The Fails of Clyde arrived here from j
I/ondon with a general cargo on Novem- j
ber 18 last. After discharging she was
taken over to Sausallto and laid up as aj
charter could not bo obtained at reason
able rates. Her owners, the Ship Falls
of Clyde Company, Limited, have been j
trying to sell the vessel for some time, !
but as she was classed as one of the best )
of the English fleet and was in nrst-ciass ;
order a high figure was asked for her. j
There was in consequence considerable
negotiation before the sale was made.
The Falls of Clyde was built by Russell
& Co. of Port Glasgow, and is 1741 tons
net burden. She is 20G feet long, i 0 feet
broad and 23 feet 5 Inches deep. It* is said
that her new owners Intend talcing t!;e
yards off her jigger mast. This will leave
her square rigged on the fore, main and
mizzen. ai:d fore and aft rigged on the
Jigger mast. She will go into the Hilo
trade under the same flag as the barks
Roderick Dhu and Santiago.
Before leaving England the Htar of
Russia was sold to Shaw, Saville & Co.
nnd came under that tlrm's flag to San
Francisco. Representatives of J. J. Moore
& Co. and Pope & Talbot looked the v-s
sel over with the intention of buying
her, but the figure could not be a;rreed
upon, so Captain Roberta took her to
Portland to load wheat for Europe. B<-- j
ton- she reached Astoria the terms of
sale hi.d been agreed upon and the ves
sel was ordered to Puget Sound to load]
HELD HER CLOTHES
FOR A PALTRY BILL
Dressmaker Petersen Kept the Waists
of Mrs, Bandmann's Gowns and
Now Wants Paument for Them,
MISS PETERSON IN HER GREAT COLLECTING ACT.
Mrs. Julius Bandmann lias been mad"? the victim of mispUoed kindnesses,
and her dressmaker, Miss Alice Peteraen, who owes to her her start In
business life, ha.s brought suit against her for a paltry bill of $155.
The suit was tried in Judge Qroezinger*s court and Judgment awarded
the plaintiff. Through her attorney, George T. Knight, Mrs. Bandmann
has appealed the ca-se and the suit will have a hearing; in ii higher court.
Mrs. Bandmann inserts that the Petersen claim is an illegal one, and as
it dates bark for more than two years and is outlawed, that the court
cannot take cognizance <>f the matter. According t<» Mrs,. Bandmann, $22
Is all that the dressmaker can Justly claim, and even that sum, she, says,
is nut honestly 'lu^, as the gowns for the making of which it represents
payments were not delivered.
"I received the skirts of those two gowns only," Mrs. Bandmann ex
plained, "and when 1 sent fur the waists I whs told that Miss Petersen had
If ft fur the East. On her return I went to her, thinking that the corsages
had been misdirected and wrongly delivered, and was confronted by the
iiiiKry rutuurierc, who declared she had them in her possession and would
not deliver them until I had paid her an old bill amounting to Jisr.. I
referred her to Mr.Bandmann for the old hill, hut she declined to negotiate
with him."
According to Mrs. Bandmann, the bill of HB> represents the making of
two gowns some two years ago. A week aft^r the gowns were finished Mrs.
Bandmann lost her daughter. and as she went into mourning had no use for
bright colored dresses. She allowed the frocks to remain with Miss Peter
sen. and asked the dressmaker to dispose of them for a price that would
cover the making. The demands of the dressmaker wore, however, so
exorbitant that do one would take the gowns complete at a figure that
merely represents the modiste's f*-e. After six months the gowns were re
turned to Mrs. Bandmann, and these are the dresses that the lady refuses to
give the cash equivalent for.
Miss Petersen. a tall, squarx*- faced woman, with a long reaching arm
ami supple fingers, says that her bill Is a just one and that she- has just
escaped the outlaw time.
"The bill dates back to December, IS9C," the dressmaker said, "and
so my suit was brought just in the nick of time. Mrs. Bandmann has always
given me a lot of trouble about her bills. 1 never collected but J2S from her,
and I got that In a very peculiar fashion. She owed me the money for a
long while, and I was finally obliged to go to her and explain that 1 needed
it to purchase furniture with. 'Why, I can let you have some furniture,'
said Mrs. iJandmann, and she sent me a three-legged bureau, a worm-eaten
whatnot and a table to match. 'How much is that furniture?" I asked the
lady. 'Twenty-eight dollars,' she said, and that Is all the money I ever got
out of her."
Mrs. Bandmann's friends are up In arms against what they declare to
he the outrageous treatment of the dressmaker. "Why, Mrs. Bandmann
started her in business," they say, "and went security for her in all the dry
goods houses of the city." Mrs. Bandmann only says, "Preserve me from
those who have enjoyed my bounty."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
FALLS OF OLYIDE ISTO'W OWHSTEID HERE.
W. Matson, the well-known managing owner of the barks Roderick Dhu and Santiago, has Just completed the
purchase of the fine four-masted ship Falls of Clyde. The master and crew left the vessel yesterday and her new
owners will proceed at once to get her ready for the Hawaiian trade. The yards are to be taken off her Jigger
mast and she will be turned into a four-masted bark.
for Hawaii. The Star of Russia was
built by Harland ft Wolff of Belfast, and
Is 1892 tons net burden. She is 275. G feet
long, 40.2 feet broad and 24.2 feet deep. !
She will he kept In the trade between
San Francisco, Australia and Hawaii.
There was a peculiar incident on the
steamor Alameda while she was in Syd
ney. N. S. W. Among her cargo was a
large consignment of apples, and when
these came to be landed they were found
to be infected with the codlin moth. An
Investigation showed that the moths had
left the fruit and built their cocoons in
the boxes. The apples were accordingly
put In fresh boxes, and Captain Van
Oterendorp was told to take the old ones
with the codlin moths in them to sea and
throw them overboard. Another steamer
was going to sea at that time, so they
were put aboard of her, and when she
was outside of Sydney heads about ten
miles they were thrown overboard. The
boxes drifted up and down the coast,
some of them going ashore as far north
as Newcastle. X. S. W.. and for weeks the
papers were full of the wreck of a vessel
from San Francisco laden with general
merchandise. It was not until ihf vessel
which had taken the boxes to sea and
from which they were thrown overboard
reached her destination that the facts of
the case became known.
The Mail Company's steamer City of
Peking will not for the Orient until
to-morrow afternoon. It took longer
than was expected to put the new shaft
In. and she did not get away from the
Hunters Point drydock until yesterday.
The Georga W. Elder came off the
T'nion Iron Works drydock yesterday and
will sail for Portland to-day.
Thp barkentine S. X. Castle, the brig "W.
G. Irwin and the schooner Robert Lewers
were all to leave Honolulu on the 13th
inst. for San Francisco. They should
make an Interesting race up, but the Ir
wln should win, as she is the speediest
of the three.
The scow schooner San Rafael was sold
yesterday by the United States Marshal
to John Perry for $SlO. She had been
libeled by merchants and others for sup
plies.
The Investigation into the troubles on
the transport Scandia, begun yesterday
by Major Edward Field, -Is to be very
searching. When she sails again, about
the first of the year, there will be only
one commanding officer on the vessel, and
clashes of authority will thus be avoided.
The scandal In connection with the sale
of whisky on the vessel during the voyage
will receive a vigorous probing.
LADIES AT A MASONIC
LODGE INSTALLATION
OCCIDENTAL LODGE OBLIGATES
ITS OFFICERS.
The Fair Sex Assists iv Rendering
the Music Incidental to the
Impressive Ceremony.
A somewhat unusual event took place
on Monday in King Solomon's Hall, in the
Masonic Temple, and that was the piiblic
installation of the officers elected and ap
pointed to serve for the ensuing term for
Occidental Lodge, F. and A. M., and there
was a novel feature introduced, the rendi
tion of solos by ladies and gentlemen. In
addition to tin? music furnished by the
choir. The hall was profusely decorated
with garlands of smnax festooned from
the grand sunburst in the center of the
hall to the walls and along the walls, with
large fenks Intervening:, while all over the
hall there were immense palms. Most
prominent over the station of the wor-
Bhlpful master in the east, far above the
rising sun. was a beautiful American silk
flag, proving the loyaltyof the i<*ige to the
country. There were present more than
400 persons, the majority beniK r ' ladies,
many of whom for the first time wit
nessed the very imposing and Impressive
ceremony. The officers who were installed
by Past" Master M. .). Savage, with Past
Master R. H. Countryman as marshal of
ceremonies, arc:
Edward F. Delger, worshipful master:
Phil K. Gordon, senior warden: Kdward .1.
Thomas, Junior warden; Charles Ij. Has
kell, treasurer; Walter G. Anderson, sec
retary; John W. D. Jensen, tyler; George
W. D*ew. senior deacon; Waiter B. Bur
ner, junior deason; Charles Bliss, mar
shal; Arthur H. Crookshank, senior stew
ard; Abraham j_,ewis, junior steward;
Hairy O. Hunt, organist.
After the opening selection by the choir
and a prayer, the officers-elect were es
corted into the hall by the marshal, the
choir rendering "Hail, Brother Masons,
Hail." Then as each officer was installed
the choir rendered a selection, and a solo
followed, the soloists be.vig: Soprano,
Miss Merglund; alto. Mrs. .Nicholson; ten
or, Frank H. Coffin, and barytone, Mr.
Rowlands. In addition R. Fletcner Tilton,
after the marshal had been installed, ex
ecuted a piano solo. After the uroce.ssion
by the lodge, the giving of i-rand honors
to the new master and the proclamation
by the marshal, the choir sang "Gloria."
Then there was a recess for congratula
tions and all present formed into a pro
cession to an upper hall, where there was
spread a splenuiu banquet. There were a
number of toasts appropriate to the occa
sion and responses by Dr. R. Beverly
Cole. Rev. I>r. Smith. Past Master M. .t.
Savage, R. H. Countryman, the newly in
stalled officers and others. The affair was
one of the most interesting and pleasant
that lias ever been given by a blue lodge
In this city.
"We k> ep a man In our store to stamp
your name in gold letters, free of charge,
on all our fine leather goods. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
BIAS IS ALLEGED.
Policeman Blacktaan and Saloon-
keeper Hood Ask Judge Mogan
to Transfer Their Cases.
The case of Policeman Cassius Black
man and Frank 11. Kood. saloon-keeper
on Valencia street, charged with stealing
$ISO from Cornelius Cronln, a stranger
from Nevada, was called in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday morning*.
The prosecution .was ready to proceed,
but the defendants, through their attor
neys; submitted an affidavit asking that
the case lie transferred to another depart
ment on the ground that they would not
get a fair and Impartial hearing • from
the Judge. . owing to his alleged bias
and prejudice. The Judge denied that he
had any bias ;or prejudice against the
defendants, but said he would give his
decision ;on the affidavit 'this morning, j
.v.lt. is: not likely that Fie will agree to
trnnnfer the case, as 1 he lias the Judg
ment of ■ Judge Daingerrielu jn the . case
of A. M. Lawrence to guide him. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hnnyadi Jdnos
Natural Laxative Water
Has Merit : : Superiority* \
FOR — t
Constipation and Hemorrhoids ;
IT IS UNEXCELLED. \
Beware of Substitutes! ]
SCHECK'S LOVE SPURNED,
FOR HE WAS POOR
MRS. ALLISON, A RING, A GOLD
MINE AND A TRILBY.
Fleeced by His Partner He Was
Thrown Into Jail ps a Default
ing Witness Against
Sharpers.
It is a mystery how John Scheek, hon
est and industrious worker In copper at
the I'nion Iron Works, arrived at old
age without the services of a guardian, if
a recent adventure of his be taken as a
sample of the manner in which he Invests
his earnings, lie has been in jail for the
past two weeks as a witness against
Grace Allison and her partner, the plaus
ible Mr. Bain, the managers and patentees
of a matrimonial bureau, warranted to
lighten the pockets of the hopeful pat
rons of the wares of Hymen. The precious
couple are- under indictments by Federal
and State Grand Juries for fraud, and
among their numerous victims was
Scheck.
Scheck is a vigorous man In the lusty
bloom of about tio years, and a few months
ago he thought it would be a good idea
to invest in a wife. So he called at the
matrimonial bureau and upon payment of
a fee of $o was introduced by Bain to
Mrs. Allison, whom Bain represented as a
wealthy widow, just dying to marry some
nice kind old man who would love her
for herself alone. Scheck was willing to
love her devotedly on these conditions,
and as an.evidence of the unselfishness of
his attentions he, at her suggestion very
delicately made, presented her with a dia
mond ring, the cost price of which was
$175. History does not record whether
Scheck received a chaste kiss from his
fiancee, but Scheck records with sorrow
that after the widow got the ring 1 on her
finger and found that he had no more
money to bestow upon her she announced
that she was tired of him and that he
would oblige her if he remained away.
Scheck iaise.l a row about the matter,
having been advised by his friends that
Mrs. Allison was a gold brick, and Bain
compromised the matter for $150.
Then Scheck met a stranger named Gus
Hall. Hall represented that he owned an
undeveloped gold mine on the Mexican
peninsula just below the town of Knsena
c!a. He (Hall) had been once bitten by a
syndicate and would have nothing more
to do with capitalists. He wanted some
honest, hard-working poor man to go in
with him. The ore exhibited by Hall was
assayed for Scheck's satisfaction and
showed a value of about $100 to the ton.
The mine was twenty feet from the ocean
hi ruling and there was an abundance of
abalone shells on the beach. They could
buy a vessel and haul shells and nuggets
to San Francisco and become wealthy in
a short time. Scheck invested his $li>o in
th<- purchase of the sloop Trilby of twelve
tons, and when he\went to go aboard he
found a woman and her baggage in the
cabin. She said that she was Hall's wife
and did not want to go, but Hall remarked
that he guessed he was the boss and she
would have to go.
At that juncture some one gave the au
thorities the tip that Sche.-k was trying
to leave the State for the purpose of
avoiding the prosecution of Bain and
Mrs. Allison and he was arrested and
thrown into jail, while Hall, with the bill
of sale made out in his own name start
ed away in the Trilby for his Mexican
mine. At Monterey one of the sailors of
the crew of two insulted Mrs. Hall and
there was a row, resulting in the return
or Mrs. Hall by rail to this city.
Last Saturday Scheck was served in jail
with a demand for $35 wages due the sailor
for one month's services, and this was
backed up with a paper purporting to
have been signed by Scheck. in which he
agreed to pay all the expenses of the trip
Bcheck denounces the paper as a forg-erv
aml now is in jail broke. Hall has disap"
pearcd with the Trilby and Scheck now
swears that he has been in jail so long
with drunken men and cranks that he has
lost his memory of the evil doings of the
Bain-Allison outfit.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. •
Highbinders Held Up.
William Robinson, a Scotch sailor, had
a lot of fun in Chinatown early yesterday
morning, but when he appeared before
Judge Mogan a few hours later he was
repentant and blamed an overindulgence
in whisky for getting him into trouble.
Tin- Judge .sent him back to prison and
will decide this morning what to do' with
him. About 2 o'clock Robinson was in
Ross alley, and he was highly amused at
seeing two members of lieutenant
Price's squad hold up Chinese and search
them for weapons, as has been the rule
for some weeks. After the two officers
left Robinson started in to have some fun
on his own account, and every Chinese
that parsed through the alley was or
dered to stop by the drunken sailor, who
searched them for any old thing. The
Chinese complained to the officers, and
Robinson was arrested and booked for
impersonating an officer.
REAL ESTATE
IS MARKED BY
PROGRESSION
A Marked Movement
in the Market.
ADVENT OF RAIN THE CAUSE
SEVERAL LARGE SALES OF
GRAIN LAND ARE MADE.
j*. Glance at the Records, Recent
Sales, . New Building Con
tracts — Realty
Notes.
With the advent of the long needed rain
and a decided change in the general at
mospheric conditions has come a revi
vification, as it were, in tne general re
alty market. Property values all o"»*r
the State will now have a tendency to
increase, particularly in the country,
where progress inevitably hinges on the
success of the crops.
"With a good year, which is now as
sured, comes the payment of mortgages
and the extension of building operations
and improvements, which give an in
creased value and complete reanimation
to the general market. Sales are already
becoming frequent, and several, in fact
many, are now in" process of negotiation.
Although in the large cities throughout
the State the absence and the lack of
rain is not felt as keenly as in the coun
try sections, still, if one looks around the
value of almost every article of commerce
can be seen to increase during a drought
and decrease markedly during a moist
season.
During the past week many sales of
good value were negotiated in the city,
but the record showed an unequal balance
compared to those made in the country.
Building operations were slow compared
I to those of last week, and the value of
I contracts was considerably lower.
I The aggregate value of mortgages ana
I trust deeds was uniform, while the rec
ord for releases and reconveyances was
unusually large.
: REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
' During the week there were fifty-four mort
gages and trust deeds recorded, amounting
to a sum total of $169,317. For the «*me period
y-two releases and reconveyances passed
' to record, amounting in the aggregate to $124,
490
The principal mortgages and trust deeds are
as follows- By the Home Mutual Bank and
Loan Association to Annie M. and Frederick
D. Spauldlng, $9000 for six years at 7 per cent
on property In the Western Addition block 16.j,
situated on the southerly line of Vallejo street,
137-6 feet west of Gough, west 60 by south 13. :6;
bv'the Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to
Joseph A. Oliver. $12,500 for one year at 6% per
cent on property in the Western Addition block
20» situated on the southwest corner of Hayes
and Octavia. west 137:6 by south 120; by the
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Kate
Norton and John D. Hatch. $10,000 for one
year at 6"it per cent on property in the 50-vara
block 314. situated on the northeast corner of
Turk and I,arkin streets; by • Mathlas Kosen
shine to Adolph and Lizzie Rosenshlne, ■ $10,000
for one year at 7 per cent on property in the
60-vara block 160, situated on the southeast
corner of Mason and Jackson streets, south
89-7 by east 47:6; by the Hlbernla Savings and
Loan Society to Mary J. Lomman. $20,000 for
one year at <>>■». per cent .on property in the
one hundred block 352, situated on- the north
westerly line of Townsend street, 137:6 feet
northeast of Second, -northeast 117:6 by north
wesl 247:6. . •■ • . ; - ■."
The principal releases and reconveyances were
recorded as follows: From the Hibernla Sav
ings and Loan • Society to John. \ Patrick and
Connac Carberry, $10,500 on property In West
ern Addition block '-'11 and the one hundred
blocks 897 and 393, situated respectively on the
northwest corner of Octavia and LU.y avenue,
the northeasterly line of Garden- street, 150 feet
southeast of Harrison, southeast 25 by north
east "5 and the southeasterly line of Jessie
street. 2?.0 feet southwest of Sijcth. southwest 25
by southeast 75; from the Humboldt Savings
and Loan Society to Ephralm Frank. $10,000 on
property in the 50-vara ■ block ■ 160, situated on
the southeast corner of Mason and Jackson
streets, south 59:7 by east 47:6.
RECENT SALEH.
The largest sale of the week, and in fact
the largest for months past, was that ne
gotiated by Magee & Sons on the corner of
Ellis and Glasgow streets, for an estimated
price of $107,500. The property was purchased,
through the agent of the realty firm, by
Henri Kahn and Jules Levy from the > Gor
dan estate. The lot has a frontage of 100 feet
on Ellis street and a depth Of 110 feet, minus an
L In the northwest comer In the rear. The
buildings that now occupy the site win be
demolished and replaced by a six-story struc
ture, with a front of stone.
It has been rumored that the London and
San Francisco Bank is negotiating for the prop
e-ty adjoining the northwest corner of Califor
nia and Leldesdorff streets. The lot has a
frontage of twenty-five feet on California street
and extends back 117:6 feet, finally abutting
upon a. strip twenty feet on Leldesdorff street.
The present owner of the property is the Sun
n The. a flrm of Bovee.' Toy & Sonntag reports the
following sales: 1020 acres of grain land In the
Rancho de San Jose, situated four miles from
Sunol, Alameda County. The land was dis
posed of by George Rohr to Daniel Sullivan.
.The estimated price iB $30,000. A similar
sale was made In Tulare County, four and a
half miles from Sanger Station. . 921 acres of
erain and fruit land was sold at an estimated
prices of $21,000. The seller was Mrs. Mary
A Folev, and the buyer. James A. Swlnner.
The Burnham & Marsh Company reports the
sale for Henry Levy to Dr. W. E. Price of
the property situated on the northeast corner
of Golden Gate avenue and FUlmore street.
45x90 and three-story frame building, renting
for about $200 a month, for $25,000. Also three
acres at Belmont. with cottage, barn, etc., for
M. King to S. H. Mill for $1500: also lot on
Octavia street, near Vallejo. 25x125, from the
estate of E. Stevenson to B. Schafer for $2500.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Westerly line of San Jose avenue, 94 feet
south from the southerly line of Widow Bernal
Reservation, east 129 by south 26 by west 12S:8
and by north 26— work for a frame cottage;
owner Henry C. Hagensen; architect and con
tractor, L. G. Bergren; cost. $1450.
Northerly line of Ellis street, 60 feet .west of
Cough west 105 by north 137:6 by east 75 by
south 37:6 by east 20 by south Excavations
preparatory to building; owners, 11. and I.
Wolf- architect, Philip Schwerdt; contractor,
John Tuttle. -
I Corner of Twenty-ninth and Tiffany avenue —
Three frame cottaxes: owner,- architect and
contractor. W. C. Hammerton; cost, $5800.
Westerly line of Bartlett street. 110 feet south
of Twenty-third, south 25 by west 120— All work
for a two-story frame building (two flats);
owner, Mrs. Amelia P. Hogan; contractor, W.
H Hanchett; cost, $2780. v •
Northerly line of Howard street, 91:10 feet
I west of Steuart, west 45:10 by north 137:6— A1l
work and materials, except cement, for- a two
story brick building; owner, E. A. Howard;
contractors. Peacock & Butcher.
Northerly line of Waller street. 221:3 feet west
of Octavia, west 25 by north -137:6— A1l work,
except mantels, gas fixtures and shades, for a
two-story frame dwelling and a stable in rear;
owner V. Simi; architects. Martens & Coffey;
contractors, Caccla & . Pecarich ; cost, $3445. ,
Southerly line of Halght street. 125 fe-t west j
of Webster, east 25 by south 120— Carpentry,
brick work, plastering. iron work, tlnnlne. ex
cavations, etc., for a three-story frame build
ing- owner, Patrick Barron; architect, R. H. ;
i White; contractors, William and Henry White;
cost, $6463. . . ■ . . \T----.~
UNDER THE HAMMER.
The following sales were made by p#blic auc
tion last Monday at the rooms of the real
estate firm of G. . ll.' Umbsen & Co. : The lot
and improvements belonging to the estate of
A. Cooper, deceased, at 323 Washington street,
east of Battery, eighteen building lots on Po
trero avenue. Nineteenth. Twentieth and Hamp-
streets, .the. lot and dwelling at 1913
Stockton street; the lot on the southwest corner
of Turk street and Central avenue, two flats at
1410 and I4IOU Harrison . street, between Tenth
and Eleventh, five houses In flats of four rooms
each at 1201, 1203. 1206. 1207. 1209. 1211, 1213 and
1215 Sanchez street and 3951 and 3983 . Twenty
llfth street, 'a - residence and stable on the
northwest corner of Clipper and • . Sanchez
streets, with a building lot on the east' line of
Sanchez street, .112 feet north of Clipper, and a
lot on the southeast side of Howard street,
165:3 Vi northeast of Thirteenth street. .
■ The following ten pieces of property were
disposed of at .public _ auction . by . the firm of
Eaotnn. Eldridge & Co.: '■ •
. The improved property on the southeast cor
ner of Hyde and Green streets: a hotel of sixty
rooms at 247 Second street, 75 feet northwest of
Folsom, ■■ with \ lot 35 by SO; a dwelling at 3870
Twenty-fourth street. 125 east r of Sanchez: : a
lot 50 by 100 on the northwest line of Market,
142 southwest of : Reservoir street, on which is
a store, two flats and a cottage; three flats on
the east line of Stevenson/ 210 west of Ridley
flats at 2430% • Sacramento « street: ..' flats at
121 ,  Liberty - street; :j a ■-.-« dwelling , at " 845
. Castro; tha^lQt B^b£ 80, end cottage ■ on. ; tb.^
•outhwest corner of Sanchez and Twenty
seventh. and building lots on the north aid*
of Montana, 100 west of Plymouth.
RANDOM NOTES.
Architects Shea & Shea have been directed by
the Board of Supervisors to prepare plans for
a filter system for the City Hall, and for a new
police station on Seventeenth street.
An advertisement for bids has been ordered
for the erection of an engine house on Tenth
avenue, between I and J streets.
The managers of the California Fig Syrup
Company are erecting a new building at the
corner of Sixteenth and Church streets. Tha
building is being constructed entirely of brick
and cemented walls. ,
The fifteen architects -who submitted com
petitive plans for a city hospital building hay«
made a proposition to the Supervisors offering
to relinquish their claims If 17500 be divided
among them. , . ,
F E Hesthal will erect a five-story brick
building on the west corner of Third and
Stevenson streets. Albert Roster Is the arcnl-
Joseph Weil has filed a declaration of home
stead in $7500. and his wife one of »oMO. nn
property sltuajted on the northerly line of Fine
street. 84 feet from Octavla.
\ $5000 homestead has been filed by Mrs.
James D. Ralph on property situated on tna
northerly line of Ellis street, 1.i:3% feet west,
Joseph Tobln Is erecting a cottage at Bur
llngame. . .
A crop mortgage of $10,000 has been given by
M. H. Watson and W. P. Buckingham to the
Earl Fruit Company in Solano County. It wai
recorded in this city. . ...
Miller & Lux. the cattle dealers, are build
ing a ranch house at Los Eanos to take tn«
place of the house recently burned.
WEDDED AMONG
THEIR FRIENDS
A Pretty Home Ceremony
Unites Miss Panno and
Walter Schranz.
The wedding of Miss Elmlra C. Panno
and Walter D. Schranz took place last
Wednesday evening, December 14, at the
residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Clarence Dickey, 1821 Oak street.
The house was beautifully decorated. Smi
lax hung from the chandeliers, and in the
bay window, where the ceremony was
performed, white doves, suspended, held
streamers of smilax and pink ribbon.
Back of these the windows were a bank
of ferns and pink carnations. The halls
and supper rooms were draped with red
ribbon and holly berries.
The ceremony was performed by Rev.
E. B. Church of Irving Institute, from
which seminary the bride is a graduate of
the class of 1836. Frank J. Waizman was
the best man and Miss Alice Emerson of
Stanford was maid of honor. While the
bridal party was entering the parlors Mrs.
Copping and Mrs. Pillsbury sang i'O
Promise Me."
The bride wore white moussellne de sola
over white taffeta and carried white roses.
She also wore the slippers her mother
wore at her own wedding twenty-five
years ago. Miss Emerson, the maid of
honor, wore pink mousseline de sole over
pink taffeta and carried pink roses.
After the wedding supper the newly
married couple went their way amid the
usual shower of rice and old shoes. They
will spend their honeymoon at Del Monte
and on their return will reside in this city,
where the groom is engaged in business.
The wedding presents received by the
happy couple were exceedingly beautiful |
and costly, and so numerous that one '
room would not hold them all, thereby
attesting the popularity of the bride.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Schranz, Mr. and Mrs. Clarence
Dickey, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Brownell,
Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Keil, Mr. and Mrs.
Keith, Dr. and Mrs. M. A. Greenlaw, Cap
tain and Mrs. A. H. Herriman, Mr. and
Mrs. W. M. Griffln, Mr. and Mrs. C. W.
Griffin, Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Griffin, Mr.
and Mrs. F. C. Howard, Rev. and Mrs. E.
B. Church, Captain and Mrs. Staples* Mr.
and Mrs. Fred W. Bert, Mr. and Mrs.
H. \V. Spalding, Mr. and Mrs. O. C. Keil.
Mr. and Mrs. Schumacher, Mr. and Mrs.
A. J. Foster. Mrs. Anna Lee. Mrs. E. J.
Williams, Mrs. Pillsbury, Mrs. Lillian
Copping. Miss Louise Brow r nell, Miss Lena
P. Atkins, Miss Alice Emerson, Miss Tu
die Kaiser, Miss Sarah Blake, Miss Alice
Harlow, Miss Clara Becker, Mine Jennie
Williams, Miss Edith Norris, Miss Fanny
Wallace, Miss Carolyne Howard, Miss
May Greenman, Miss Ethel Young:,
Messrs. Ed A. Keil, Captain J. L. Panno,
Marion Danloy, Frank J. Waizman, An
drew J. Grittin. James Polk. "Wilder Mur
phy, William Blake, Bert Cheney, Harry
Schumacher.
In the Divorce Courts.
Herminia B. Gordon has been granted a
divorce from Percy Gordon on the ground
of desertion. The plaintiff was allowed
to resume her maiden name, Bachmann.
Mary E. Waterman has sued Charles H.
Waterman for a divorce, alleging cruelty
as a cause of action. Julia S. Matbewa
asks for a divorce from E. M. Mathews
on the ground of intemperance. Suits for
divorce on the ground of desertion have
been filed by Annie E. Albrecht against
Walter Albrecht. Nellie Simon against
Samuel Simon and Mary Sullivan against
James M. Sullivan. Decrees of divorce
on the ground of desertion have been
granted Sarah E. Haynes from Joel G.
Haynes and Elinor Livingston from
George Livingston.
Died of His Wound.
Hermann Nyman died at the Lane Hos
pital last Monday from the effect of a
gunshot wound accidentally inflicted in
Llbbey, Oregon, in the middle of last
September. Coroner Hawkins held an
inquest yesterday on the body after it
had been embalmed by the undertaker.
John Gustafson, a nephew of the de
ceased, testified that he was cleaning a
rusty gun with tin: muzzle pointed tq
ward his uncle when the weapon was dis
charged, the bullet passing through the
body of the deceased. Mr. Nyman was
brought to this city for medical treat
ment, but succumbed to the wound.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. WURTH'S OPINION
OF THE NEW DISCOVERY IN MEDI-*
CINE
A Remarkably Successful Remedy for
Dyspepsia, Indigestion and Stomach
Troubles.
Dr. Wurth, in commenting on recent
discoveries in medicine, said: There la
none which Is certain to be so valuable
and far reaching in benefit as Stuart's-
Dyspepsia Tablets, the new stomach
remedy; I say far reaching, because
people little realize how important, a
sound stomach and vigorous digestion
is to every man, woman and child.
Indigestion is the starting point of
consumption, heart disease, Blight's
disease, diabetes, nervous prostration,
liver troubles; why is this so? > Simply
because- every nerve, muscle and tissue
in our bodies is created and nourished
from the food we eat. If that food is,
by reason of a, weak stomach, compelled
to He for hours, a sour, fermenting
mass of half digested food, it poisonu .
ihe blood and nervous system, creates
sas which distends the stomach "and"
bowels, causing pressure on the heart, '
lungs and other organs, and seriously
impeding their action.
He says further, the point to direct
attention is not the nerves, nor heart,
nor lungs, nor kidneys, but the stom-
ach, the first cause of all the mischief
The remedy to use for indigestion and
weak stomachs is ; not some cathartic
but a remedy which will digest the
food, Increase the flow of gastric juice,'
absorb the gases, and Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets will accomplish exactly this
result in any case of stomach trouble,
because these tablets are composed of
the digestive acids, aseptic pepsin, 4
Golden Seal and bismuth, pleasant to
taste, and not being a patent medicine,
can be used by anybody with perfect |
safety. I believe Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure any form of indiges- '
tion and stomach trouble except cancer
of stomach. x - 1 . . ; •; : , \
, Full size packages of Stuart's Dyspep- i
sia Tablets, are sold by druggists at 50
cents or by mail from F. A. Stuart Co., r
Marshall, Mich. A book Jon V stomach
diseases together with thousands of,
testimonials will be sent by addressing
AbQ-Yfi t cal^oa youx.djuggiEitlo*; them> \THE RECOUNT
REVEALS TWO
BIG MISTAKES
Deane Gains a Thou
sand Votes.
OFFICIAL CANVASS FINISHED
A. GENEROUS BUNCH. OF CON- '
TESTS PROMISED.
Commissioners Will Meet To-Day to '
Formally Declare the Result
of the Novembar
Election.
Th* nffk-U] roum of the municipal vote
nt the last election was finished yester
day, ami although It has not yet heen
p.nr.oimeed, the figures are ready for pub
lication.
The. most startling change mad* in the
figures, turned in with the Beml-offlcial
re-turns is in the vote for John A. Brown.
Democratic candidate for County Clerk.
Mr. Brawn lost just 054 votes by the ca*n- !
vass of the Commissioners, and there is
no one to explain how so large a mistake
was ever made. Michael Meagher. the
Democratic candidate, who was defeated
for the Recorder's desk by A. C. Berthier,
pained n8 votes, and \ .U contest the
seating: of his i oponent.
The half-dozen disappointed ones who
fire intending to file contests discovered I
yesterday that the forty days which the
law gives them to begin action will expire
on ther Friday ar Saturday, which day j
is just at present a question among the j
lawyers, ami tba.t it was the intention of
the Commissioners not to announce the
result of the official canvass until Thurs- !
day afternoon. As it will take them three ]
(tays to repar« the papers necessary to ]
their action*, th^y saw plainly that the |
legal limit W...U.1 expire before they were !
ready and their chance of getting into j
office ' thrtmglr the courts would be lost.
They k-i.c.,1 >.i or lan'a office, and;
finally prevalfed" upon him to arrange for j
a meeting of the commission to-day, when
the vote wiLl be orficially announced and j
th»? lucky ones declared elected. The i
fount of the vote on unexpired terms has
been put off until next Tuesday, and the i
shortendcrs have entered a vigorous kick !
against being thus bunkoed out of Ihelr i
olJlces.
Five coatesta on the mu-nici^il ticket i
are already promised, kfeagher is going >
to fight it out for -.—order with Berth
ier; . ■ herd Doolan wfll try to retire Mar- :
•tin Frapicy rrom the Street Superintend-;
ont's' offlCt?; Judge Low is after Tread- |
wells- judicial scalp; O'Donnell is out foe:
everybody, *>ut more particularly for Ed. !
Hill, the next Coroner- The Coroner that '
nm't ta also making dire threats at arrest »
and the law inxin the Commissioners. I
Ife claims to have proof that he was !
counted out. and declar. that every one |
connected with his little conspiracy is
going _tt> suffer. Byingto-n. fier-te.l to be |
Supervisor in the Seventh "Ward, sained
fight votes, but Dr. Kearney, the next In. !
line, thinks he has a good chance in a ;
recount, and will also appeal to the !
courts. ... !
""he result of the ofticia! couut is as I
fciJows:
KAVI >K.
Oliver Everett 1,299
Cbasiefl L. .Patron : •>^ *,(>2
Jaiue* D. Phelan 28.186!
AUDITOR.
R. S. CUa.lwiok 2.12S i
John H. GmJy 22.17S :
A«a R. Wells 25.174
ASSESSOR.
Washington Docile .'... .29,291 >
L. Miller 1.493
John D. Siebe 21.50Q \
SHERIFF.
Theodore F. 13or.net 23.491 !
J. n. Hall 1.G68
r.-r.ry *=. Martin 25,13! I
TAX COLLECTOR.
Jamee N. Clock w 23.66> j
W. D. Lambert 2,312
LMwarJ I. Sheehan 26,944
TREASURER.
A. H. App^l 2.090
M. Greeoblatt 23.8 iS !
I. J. Truman 2C.320 !
HHVORDBR.
A. C. Berthler 24.741 :
E. Chamborlin 2,752!
Mlchae! Meagh»r 23.59S j
COL'NTT CLERK.
Jcbn A. Brown 21..-.04 |
"William A. Deane "ft.SOG :
\\\ Hefferin l.Tea i
DISTRICT ATTORNTY.
Barclay Henley 23.571 :
l;aniol J. Murphy 27.:.:-2 .
ATTxRNKY AND COUNSELOR.
W. F. Fitzi^raUl 24.757
FrankJin K. Lan» 25.J!>s
CORONER.
William J. Hawkins 16.967
Udmund K. Hi 11... 15.531
C. C. O'Donnell 16,503
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
J'-.hn A. Drlnkhou«e 21.323
E L. Fit»*era!d 18,152
A. C. Freose 12.00S
H. A. Uall l.Cll
SURVEYOR.
Bernard Bienenfeld 23.140
Charles S. Tllton 25.327
BUPERINTKNDBNT OF PUBLIC STREETS.
Thomas Bersfoni 2,344
Richard P. Doolaa 24,678
Manin P. Fragley 25.553
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
- R. S. Anderson 2,211
James Denman 550
J. J. Noel LS24
R. H. Webster 23,473
JUDGES OF THE SUPERIOR COURT.
Rhodes Borden 28.844
John B. Carson 17,756
Henry N. Clement 17.513
I'iavls Louderback 19.240
Frank J. Murafky v 25.942
Horace W. Phllbrook 9.887
James M. Seawell 25.912
James M. Troutt 27.767
William T. Wallace 24.1515
JUDGES OF THE POLICE COUIIT.
■William O. Burke 17.811
rharlr-s T. Conlan M.912
MANDOLINS
...AND...
GUITARS
$2.50U£:
0 SOLE AOSNT3 CELEBRATED MARTIN FASTS.
CLARK WISE & CO.
I 41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grant Aye.
i SPECIAL SALE PIANOS THIS WEEK.
Flnlay Cook 18.342
Thomas F. <2r;iham .- ;....... 26,573
Henry L. Joachlmseh ....: .22.T2S *
Charles A. Low, .. 24,504
E<lmuti(l P. MofjaiT 26,682
Alfred B. Treadwell -.. 25., I
JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.
J. E. Barry .': : . 27,217 '
Frank J. Burke ........1..' 13 223 '>
George' H. Cabaniss ; '.... 18*7711
John A. *armll ;..„ 7334
G. W. F. COok ! 2MOI
Thomas F. Dunn 25 486
Alfr«d Fritz 21650 i
G. C. Groezlni?er... 25.511 :
Frank H. Kerrigan 2R.598
HnlL McClaußhry 16.521 ,
Leonard Stone 1° 630
William Tomsky ..., 3,54s
SUPERVISOR— FIRST WARD.
Edward Holland ; 28.101 !
T. B. W. Leland 19.530
A. McKechnle 1,721
SUPERVISORS-SECOND WARD.
Edward C. Kalben 27,717
Theo Krause 2;419
Stewart Menzlen 21.642
SUPERVISOR— THIRD WAItP.
Louis- de F. Bartlett- 21.507
Howard Black 27.389
M. B. Leites= 2.L24
SUPERVI3OR— WARD.
William E. Costley 2.165
E. L. Perrault 26.315
Osgood Putnam 21,885
SUPERVISOR— FIFTH WARD.
D. A. Bean. 2.279
Isldor Gutte 23,365
William H. Phelps 25,239
S-'ITERYISOR-SIXTH WARD.
David Barry 14.152
Jon n Lackmann 34, 732
Carl Prazak 2,004
SUPERVISOR-SEVENTH WARD.
Lewis F. Bj-m&ton 23,987
Peter A. Kearney 23,903
F. Schtller ' * 2.675
SUPERVISOR— EIGHTH WARD.
George W. Collins 28,033
Carl E. E. Petersen 2,482
Julius P'.atshfk 20,633
SUPERVISOR— NINTH WARD.
Charles Glklea 15,840
Albert Heyer 29.906
T. ttnty 2,129
SUPERVISOR— TENTH WARD.
Jeremiah Deasy 24.774
M. Haaaen 3.Q02
J, P. McMurray 22.5>.t7
SUPEUVISOR-ELEVENTH WARD.
Arthur Attrfdge '. 26.267
Charles A. Clinton 22,977
Aug. Muller 2.12S
SUPERVISOR— TWELFTH WARD.
Ed H. Aigeltinger 30.091
P. F. Butler 15.603
Paul Hartmairn 2,244
SCHOOL DIRECTORS.
Benjamin Armer 12.554
George R. Armstrong: 24.208
P. a. Bergerot 19,111
H. Bernard 3,352 :
Miss M. Boyer 4.351
H. TJ. Brandenstein 21,013
C. F. -kl-y 13.634
Henry H. Burfeind 18,135
William M. Cannon 17,787
A. A. 1 av:iFTtan> 16,153 j
Jason B. (■'.!»■ 15.942
John J. I'onlon 20,847 '
P. J. Conrarr... 15,107
John. Dooley 3,102
Charles P. Kellsr 19,759
Alfred Elchler :..16,09S
D. J. EUla 2.543 i
H. E. <;<■]>;■■ 19.297
Edwin L. Head 24.22S !
MiSB C. Hecht 3,727 !
H. M. Holbrook 24,855 '■
H»:vry In.skl[.p 2,205 ;
D. F. Keefe 16,755
WiULam A. Kemp 30,712
George H. I^nt 14.5J7
Timnthy J. Lyons 16.561 :
H. MacMahon ; 2,533
J. I. Mansoo l^.OUi
J. W. 1. Maxwell 15 CM
A. J. Mervy 2.244
Francis Pope 13,474
C. s. Solomonson 1.323
L. a. Sanderson 14,261
C. SchlnkPl 1,284
A. J. Siv«*ll.... , 2,028
w. G. Stafford 22.631
Vanderlynn Stow 20.514
H. Strunsky 2.329;
.1. M. Thomas 15.126
Total vote polled 55,275
Bret Harte has one of his old-time
Christmas stories in next Sunday's
Call. Bead it.
FOKEFATHERS' DAY.
The Congregational Club Commemor
ates the Day by a Social
and Dinner.
The social and dinner given by the Con- j
«r«-g:ational Club at the California Hotel '
last evening In commemoration of Fore- j
fathers' Day was in every way a com
plete and gratifying success. The social
! assembly of the club was held in the
i parlors of the hotel at 5:30 o'clock. After
\ a pleasant half hour spent In conver
• sation and exchanging the compliments of
the season the hymn, "O God Beneath
; Thy Guiding Hand," was sung, and the
I company then adjourned to the banquet ;
I hall where the dinner was served. The
sumptuous repast was heartily enjoyed
for over an hour. At the conclusion of
the dinner the business of the evening
was taken up.
The topic of discussion was "The
! Puritan Spirit in its Application to our
National Policy." R. H. Chamberlain,
the president of the club, presided. The
lirst speaker of the evening was Professor
: T. S. Bacon of the University of Cali
j fornia. He was to have been followed by
1 the Rev. Horatio Stebbina, D. D., but
j owing to the sudden and extreme illness
lof Dr. Stebbins. Rev. William Rader
! spoke in his stead. Rev. J. K. McLean
! also addressed the club on the topic. Two
j beautiful violin solos were rendered by
; Charles E. Parcells. and Putnam Gris
1 wold sang two bass solos. At the con
| elusion of the addresses the club sang the
doxology and adjourned with the bene
diction. At the business meeting of the
, club Rev. Frank I. Wheat, Hon. E. D.
I Sawyer. H. R. Jones and S. D. Ayers were
elected members.
■ ♦ .
We received seven cases of small panel
pictures last night to retail from 25c to
. 75c each. We have been short on these
for several days, but have plenty for
everybody now. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. ♦
. ♦ ■ -
Whistling is regarded as a violation of
; the divine law by Icelanders.
RIFLE FOR THE SHERIFF.
Mrs, Himmelman Would Not Be Separated.
From Her Children,
DEPUTY SHERIFFS GALLAND AND APPEL had an exciting time
yesterday endeavoring to gain possession of the two children of Dr.
A. A. McLean, who have all their lives been in the custody of their
mother, Mrs. Himmelman, and although they did not know it until
danger was past, the two officers were in imminent peril of coming In
contact with a loaded Winchester In the hands of a mother goaded to
desperation at the thought of parting from her little orifs.
The trouble Is an old on<\ About ten years ago Mrs. McLean ob
tained a divorce from her husband on the ground of extreme cruelty. She
married again, but the union was not a happy one, and since being sep
arated from her second husband, she has been living in a flat at 112 Oai
street. McLean wanted possession of the children and finally obtained an
order of court giving them into his care. In his application he alleged
that his wife was not a proper person to care for the children and agreed
to educate them if placed in his care.
Yesterday afternoon the deputy sheriffs, armed with papers giving
them authority to break into the house, if necessary, started out to get
the children. They rang the bell repeatedly, but could get no response.
Galland suspected a trick and made a flank movement. Ife gut around
to the back of the house just in time to see Florence, the elder of the
two, leaving the place by the back door. He gave chase, but she led
him three blocks before he could catch her. The child commenced sobbing
wildly and Galland brought her back to the house. The mother was
watching from the front door and at. once admitted the officers. She
clasped the sobbing child to her arms and declared that they would never
be separated. No trace of the other girl could be found.
The officers at once proceeded to take Florence to a private school on
California street and the mother declared her intention of accompanying
them*. She was granted permission and on the way Informed Gal] and and
Appel that had they broken in the door before the children bad been
smuggled out the back way she would have received them with a loaded
Winchester. The child was installed in the school, but the mother refused
to leave it. She finally consented to do so, but In the meantime had
cleverly thrown off the automatic latch. The officers left the house and
Mrs. Himmelman followed them. The ladies inside, not knowing that the
lock had been tampered with, thought all was well. They went back into
the sitting room and tried to comfort little Florence. Two minutes later,
Mrs. Himmelman, who is a powerfully built woman, walked in and took
the child away. No trace could be found of the younger child, and she is
probably well out of the city by this time.
The children some time ago were given into the care of Mrs. Dwinelln
of Oakland, the widow of the late Judge Dwinelle, and by her with the
consent of the father they were placed in charge of the principal of the
California street school. The mother in thus kidnaping the. child is now
In contempt of the court's order. Dr. A. A. McLean, the father, slated
last evening that the mother is an Improper person to have the custody
of the little girls and he wishes to save them from her influence.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, IS9B.
REV. DR. STEBBINS VERY ILL.
The WelMnown Divine Stricken With Heart
Failure Yesterday Morning.
REV. DR. HORATIO STEBBIXS. pastor of the- First L'nitarian Church
of this city and one of the regents of the University of California, is
seriously ill at his home, 1600 Larkin street. Heart failure is the com
plaint. Early yesterday morning he suffered an attack which great
ly alarmed his family and the few Immediate friends who were notified. Dr.
C. N. Eilir.wood was summoned, and the case was by him regarded as so
serious that Dr. Gibbons was sent for. Neither of the physicians would
give particulars of their patient further than that the case was serious.
During the day a number of anxious friends call? d to inquire as to
tl c health of Dr. Stebbins. and in spite of the efforts of the family not to
alarm the members of the doctor's church, the sad news spread rapidly
and caused much anxiety in all parts of the city. For the past thirty
years Dr. Stei,i>ins lias been well known here, for in addition to his church
work he has been identified with many reform and progressive movements.
His first vocation in life was that of a schoolteacher, but he gave up that
profession and studied for the church, choosing the Unitarian creed.
Upon the death of Dr. Starr King in ISG3 Dr. Stebbins was called from the
East to fill his pulpit, a place in which he has remained ever since.
Dr. Stebbins is now 88 years of age. H<; \v;.~ born In Massachusetts.
At 12 o'clock Dr. ESHlnwood went to bed, confident that his patient would
rest easily tor. the remainder of the night. At tha.t time he consld* ued
that Dr. StebbCns had rallied somewhat from the first force of the stroke.,
but was still in a very serious condition.
CLEAR WEATHER TO-DAY
Forecaster Hammon Says the Rain
Has Be«n General in the
North.
Weather Forecaster Hammon, who i 9
at Mount Tamalpais station, telephoned
down from there last night at G o'clock
that the conditions were favorable for
clear weather for Wednesday. Th,- storm
which had Its- center off the- Washington
coast had reached the Salinas Valley and
that arid region was visited with a wel
come downpour. There was also a trace
at San Luis Obispo. To-day it will be
partly cloudy in the southeast portion of
Northern California, but the storm has
about spent its force.
Rain has fallen almost everywhere
north of the Tehachapi, except near the
summit, where it snowed. The storm
came very near leaving Monday evening,
but it returned and gave an additional
.32 of an inch in this city, making a total
of 1 inch for the last rainfall. The. re
turn of the storm was made easy by the
driving away of the high pressure on the
plateau region between the Rockies and
the Sierras. Conditions are better than
ever now, for if a storm should make its
appearance it would come in without the
hindrance of the high pressure.
The rain baa benefited pasturage and
enough fell in the Sacramento Valley to
start plowing. Much good to newly sown
grain will also result and the ground has
been considerably moistened by the down
pour.
Catherine Larkin's Will.
The will of Catherine Larkin, who died
in this city on October 20 last, was filed
for probate yesterday. At the time of her
death Mrs. Larkln was possessed of real
estate valued at $13,000, encumbered by a
mortgage of $6500. The concluding pro
vision, or, rather, request, in the will is
worthy of mention. Decedent directs that
after all debts and funeral expenses are
paid her remains are to be Interred be
side the remains of her husband and re
quests "that the outside box over my cof
fin be of green redwood lumber, made of
two boards nailed together, one over the
other, and that a mass be said at my fu
neral." The will bequeaths ?500 to John
Valley of Mendocino County, $500 to John
McCann, $500 to Lillian McCann, $1000 to
Mrs. Mary Rock and $1500 to Mrs. Cath
erine Larkin of Watsonville. The residue
of the estate is disposed of in bequests
of $100 to several relatives and friends.
WATSON HAS LEFT TOWN.
Disappears and His Creditors Know
Not His Whereabouts.
Wlllard S. Watson has left the- city and
there are said to be certain people who as
a consequence are- trying to rigure out
how much they are out of pocket. Me
left the Palace on Sunday, but failed
to leave any intimation of his future
whereabouts. It is said that he is In the
State, and those who ifcnow him best uo
not credit the theory that he has made
away with himself, for the reason that
they have confidence in Watson and ex
pect that he- will return and make pood
all that he owes. Watson is well known
here aud in X« w York. He first came to
California about nine years ago, accom
panied by his valat and secretary.. He al
ways made it a rule to spend several
weeks at all of the prominent resorts,
and he made lavish use of his money.
On one of his visits to Monterey he bought
some fine trotting horses, which he took
back to New York with him.
Watson Is 27 years of age, and has a
brother George in New York, who is a
member of Watson & Co., in Nas
sau street. The two brothers \ver. left
a million about ten years ago by their
grandmother, and Willard did the spend
ing act. Two years ago he went to Eu
rope, accompanied by a woman from New
York. The tv.o led a gay life in the va
rious capitals on the Continent, and when
they returned Wlllard's family, to check
his wild career, took charge of his af
fairs. When he came out here this sea
son he seemed to be more stinted in the
use of his money. He lost all of in.s
personal effects in the Baldwin fire and a
large' sum of money. In the replacing of
his wardrobe he made a number of bills,
and to tide over his pressing needs he is
said to have borrowed from his friends
who knew him in his palmy days. It i' 3
presumed that his obligations became
warm, and that he skipped out until such
a time as he can get nis affairs in shape
to make good what he owes. He left no
bill at the Palace, and his effects were in
such a state that it was expected that he
would return.
A friend of Watson's says his brother
in New York will meet all of his oblig-a
ttons, even if Watson does not. He- be
lieves that he is still in the State.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Kiish and Larkin ?t«. Swimrr.ins, Russian, hot
and cold tub '. aths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
AD VESTISEMEN TS. ,
000000000000000000000000 00 0000 000 0
O . .. Si - \
i CURED GF RHEUMATISM.
O ,
0
0 -«ss^s*w Another of the Remarkable Vtc-
O iJiiSI^ 1^ '^^^ftil^S r>ear > q| r:' The 'vast improvement that I
_ Un;lgjgt%]^^C li-^' S»^a^»l^ Wave received from thirty, days' use of
U n^Miialffi^^-'isßS^y S^^S^^Sl vnllr llp|t nas bei?n simply marvelous. I
«3 Itt^SSlSf&^isi^sSfy "''RSwil consider your Belt the grainiest remedy
nffip^^^toSclft^' 4U^«iSiiiK£l for Rheumatic aUments, . Lumbago a,nd
O js:g flg^'-y^yy * jr*^^WMCTf general weakness of anything . that I
rt ttt?U ' / <*»» A { NWggw ever heard of. lam so convince! of the
H! w I ■'' 111 ' Sv^u! curative powers of. your Belt that I wish
O $iilWi fef if \ Ka( a" mankind to know oJ my imt>rovement.
Offi 9* T» fl V Igffl lam 77 years old, and am free from aches
Sli r f B M ' aJ J JffuM '■ and pains of any nature, after suffering
O f '/I & M»b^ ! /BBak from Rh«umatlsm for so many years. : It
_. e^J'*-*" I**^1 **^ f jßm* knocKed them all" out of my old body In
0 Mfo i *mjB9\ two months from the time I put^.K on,
ft HP 9o>«___ - -rf*^r^ *_/ AlsiaS and I have not bcert troublPd iv'ltli any-
~ W^^^^trsa^^ej' >^W fh'nf? "f the kind ftnee. I have no use
J»?^^^i^^^3K^H^^'l paid for the Belt. If awupdy doubts the
O i I I truth of this statement aC* wiliwrite to
ft w^SOCaawraKft^^A I me - Inclosing a stamp for" ,' ep ! y i o L Vi 1
©I } |HffiwjOT?JSiSS^(fVrlSS'K s^ I eeived from your Belt, or you can k»J
I PaWS* ' r\\ v *^VJW J them tf) any of thP fromlnpnt men In this*
J • EsSiS ' \STT * county, as they have all noted my yakts
Q Jr f?r Improvement. With best wishes toTjjvjjt'J
auccesr, I reniain yours truly. •M'S-fi-r-
O W. F. HARDfiLuj;
% FT HAS 10,000 CURES f M
O There is nothing so penetrating, nothing so invigorating. nothing ri*«!§filV
O relieve the pain and stiffness as speedily as DR SANDEN'S T&LwSSB&C 1
Q BELT. Its cures are numbered by the thousands. Every day brJnjtt^Hi
£ pro. of its power. If you have Rheumatism, Lame Back. Sciatic^ T^BT
O >iago or Weakness in the Nerves or Vital Organs, you ought to corisflffip'
O Sanden. He will toll you whether his Belt will cure you and give v..v «*<•
_ free. If you cannot call, send for the free book, "Three CiasseMH
w which will be sent sealed to address for the asking Don't •
O Act to-day. i There ia nothing more important than your heaitlu
— address * I?'-
O DR. A. X. SANDEN, * — — — I
O 702 Kirket Street, Corner Eeerny, San Franoisco. . f(QJ |f^ DRUG STflSiu.
'■ ® Office hours, Ba.m. to 8 p.m.; Sundays, to —^ 'W
O to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 232 -West T>r. Sanden's Elert»
O. Second street; Portland, , Or., 2f>3f Washington is never , sord. In dras
street;- Denver, Colo.. Ml Sixteenth street; « nor hy traveling" ab*-
O TiallAF. Tex., 255 Main street; Butte, llont., at our office.' ■ ffj
rt 110 North Main street. ;; ; ; . ■ 4. ■ _ J&.
HEARD ALL THE
EVIDENCE
THAT WAS ALL
No Indictments for the
School Board.
INVESTIGATION A FARCE
THE GRAND JURY WILL DIS
BAND NEXT WEEK.
Stanton Turns the Tables on Ragan
With a Warrant of Arrest
for Soliciting a
Bribe.
Nothing more than failure has emerged
from the cloud of dust kicked up by the
Grand Jury In its investigation into the
alleged crookedness of the Board of
Education. The multitudinous charges
brought against -the School Directors
have been either disproved or have fallen
of themselves for the want of testimony .
that was more than morally convincing.
The blow that finally put the jury out
was the failure to lind any evidence cor
roboratrve of that which was laid before
it on Monday afternoon by ex-Teacher
E. D. Stanton of the Business Evening
School.
Stanton's assault was directed mainly
against Director Ragan, whom he ac
cused of having solicited a bribe, but his
evidence uncorroborated carried little
weight for the reason that he has already
furnished to the public two affidavits and
a confession, each, of which contradicted
th<3 utlu-r. Finding no more solid founda
tion for the charges made, the Grand
Jury adjourned yesterday until next
wetk, when it will present its report and
ask Judge Belcher's permission to ad- i
journ.
Yesterday's proceedings held the jury
at the District attorney's office until a
late hour last evening. There were only
seven witnesses examined.- although tit-
Ceen had been subpena-ed. -Dr. Ragan
himself was the principal witness of trie
day. He came before the jury loaded down
with papers, affidavits and newspaper
clippings, which dealt in no favorable
manner with Stanton's record in different
sections of the State. Director Ragan
was on the carpet for nearly an houi,
and during that time denied that ho iiad
ever solicited $20y or any sum from
Stanton as the price of a position in ihe
Business Evening School. He also de
nied tha-t he or any agent of his had
given Stanton $C'J with which to llee
to British Columbia. He declared Stan
ton a liar, and brought to bear as proof
a number of. telegrams and letters in
which he claimed the ex-teacher had
sought to induce him to forward him
money. Stantou wafl not recalled by the
jury, "nor was Professor KilpatricQi.
Among other witnesses who wene. called
was Sol Campi, a money broker, and
Teachers V. O. Huskey, Mrs. Mulven,
Mrs. Kennedy and Mrs. Williams. Miss
Lan Frail' hi was not summoned, as the
jury considered none of her charges tan
° After Dr. Ragan had finished his testi
mony the witnesses who still remained to
be heard were dismissed and the jrjry ad
journ. -d without finding indictments in
any of the matters that have come before
it since the counts found against Peter
McGlade. and as soon as Stanton heard
of it he sought out Judge Low and swore
to a complaint charging Ragan with so
liciting a bribe. Stanton himself appeared
earlier in the day to answer to tne
charges of extortion upon which he uad
been arrested on Monday evening at the
instance of Ragan, and succeeded in get
ting a postponement of the case until to
day. , .
Last evening Ragan surrendered him
self to the police. He was at once released
on his own recognizance by order of
Judge Mogaii; '
Bidders Had No Chance.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
judgment of the Superior Court of Ala
meda. County in the case of the California
Improvement Company against George D.
Reynolds and wife. The action was
brought to recover a sum claimed to be
(in.' lor s Street assessment. In the
1, wr court the company won its suit.
The higher court bases its revisal upon
the questionable power given to the
Street Superintendent. Reynolds set up
the plea that then- was not conspicuous
notice given to the advertising of the con
tract, but this was passed by the court
as not of sufficient strength to warrant a
revisal. Thr contract specified the size
of the rock to be used in the work and
permitted "a smaller percentage of fine
material consequent upon the crushing of
the mck." Upon this the court states:
"Under, this specification the superintend
ent was at liberty, after thy contract had
been entered into, to determine or vary
the amount of fine material to be used,
and it was therefore impossible for bid*
dan to di! ermine in advance the cost of
doing the work, and competition in bid
ding was therefore restricted."
Stuart Robson tells how to win
success on the stage in next Sunday's
Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ _^^
C^- 1 "^ M^AJ^ftftv"^^ fr * ncfl Tonic
: : . . W*^ Siace 1863, Endorsed by Me<Jica3 Ficuity '. "' ■< ' V
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
••■-■■ : : ' ' 1 -wi? '
;>
j^RT Q\LEND^RS,
LEATHER GOODS
-^AND OTHER -^ — •
• vU^> will TS
227^229 POST ST. 215-219 BUSH ST.
The Most Useful
HOLIDAY
OFFERINGS!
iThe Most Useful I
HOLIDAY I
OFFERINGS! I
Black Tailor-Made Suits,
$!0, $12.50 and $15.
Elegant Black Dress Skirts,
$5, $J\so, $jO, $12.50.
Waists, Jackets, Capes, Etc. .
Black Goods, new designs,
I $1, $1.25, $L5O, $1.75 Yard. I
m Black Goods, new designs,
I $2.00, $2.25, $2.50 Yard.
Wi Tft nDnCD Costumes mads to I
m I U UnULlli order at very moder- I
!3 ate charges. ■
1 THE BLACK GOODS I
I HOUSE
1 R.T.KENNEDY COMPANY, .
I 1106 MARKET ST.
!FJ Near Mason and Taylor.
t ... - ' -r-
Moet a
Cljandon
(Largest and Oldest Champagne
House in the World),
WHITE SEAL (Grande Cuvee) is
unsurpassed in quality, dryness and
flavor — YORK TIMES. |
ywvwvvwwvvwvwvwwww{
I A PERMANENT CURE !
] I dl the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 3|
.(| ami Gleet, guaranteed' In from 3* to 6 s
«( "days ; no other treatment required. 5
S Sold by all druggi*U. J>
rr-L . - ... ; . , .,-...- --... . .-. ... -X
It was the storekeeper at a little lowa town who
\eTafed that the first he ever heard of Ripans Tabules
>as from a runner for a Burlington house, who gave him
lew. " I had been telling him that I had been a pro-
iinced victim of dyspepsia for several years, when he
>Jb from his pocket a small vial, saying : Here is what
V \|| want Well, from that it came about that I began"
i|e Ripans Tabules. It may be that I would have
\ll anyway, but of this lam certain : I have not
Irjpubled at all with dyspepsia during the last year; 1 '
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
- — OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
■ OF THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND. ON THE-
31st day of December, A. D. 1.897, and for
the : • ar enrling on that day, as made to the
Insurance Corr.miFsiuner (if the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSKTS.
Cash market value of a.ll stocks and
bonds owned by company $649,562 50
Cash in company a o/ftce 42 65
Cash in bajiks...... 117,616 21
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans '.. 3.f.J6 88
Premiums in due course of collection 73.130 60
Total assets »543.677 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid f 5,733 54
Losses in icesi of adjustment or
in suspense 27.007 00
losses resisted. including .expenses.. 5,30* 93
Gross premiums on flre risks ' run-
ning- one year or less. $303,750 28;
reinsurance 50 per cent............:. 152,875 14
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $50,761 12;
reinsurance pro rata , 30,563 74
Due and accrued for salaries,, rents,
etc ;...;..._......,... 19 63
AH other demands against the com-
pany 30,027 86
Total liabilities.... ■ $251,530 86
IXCOME.
Net cash actually received for" flre
premiums $346,046 96
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources...... 22.736 83
Totai Imome $365,753 79
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In- '•
eluding 51-",T02 34, losses of previous
years) $93,622 58
Paid or aiiowed for commission or
brokerage .'. •• 82,397 10
Paid for salariPs. fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc '. 2,625 00
Paid for State, national ' and local
taxes 4,913 15
All other payments and expendi-
tures •....• ....:'.,.. 14,006 2S
Total expenditures $203.r.64 11
Flre.
Losses incurred during the year.. — |120.283 77
' Risks and Premiums.' Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks wrlt-
• ten during the year.... $46,867,203 $456,581 15
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 31,500,083 315.371 19
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1837 :... 26,055,649 356,51140
~~ ~~~ ELIJAH R. KENNEDY,
' Of Weed & Kennedy,
United States Managers.
Subscribed and svrorn to before me this 23d
day of February, 1898. . ■
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public.
SYZ 8c CO.,
General Agents,
301 California Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SI IARKETS.
Pilver|
Wheat!
Oats/ i J ,->.>; id.
HayiaJ
m m
Hope/ d. V '
Poia? m. ' -fey
Thr4e ca^a of Bm9|^ j.Turkefc due.
GanW easier. >' . (*r '
Butter. pmv and Eggs .steady. 0
Cheese 'heglnnlns to -rtjeakej*. '] '
Cltri|S'' Fruits, still bloc!. rfark°t.
I Vied tYuitiT urtciu.ngt.il I
Prov^ldtiw as before. •• ' / s\ > , •
WooL HJps and IJldes un.ii!
Hogs) Rrm. Other meats/ steady.
No furhier change in Ojls. / i
'fllß > COPPER rTRAbI).
Messrs. Henry R. Mer/ton ft Co., London,
estimate sack of •' Corner in England and
France anduiftoat tlierelb from Chile and Aus
tralia on NY^mber 30' as follows:
Price. Tone.
IS!>6 ?..... £49 Os Od 34.77!)
1597 4S 0 <i 33,091
U9S f,2 ■> 6 26,987
The stock at the close of November shows a
n^t gain of 900 tons over October 11, which,
however, was the smallest total at the close
of any month in many years. This month
three of the Michigan mines are disbursing
dividends. The Calumet and Hecla will pay
out $1,000,000 on the 2Sth inst. and the Tamarack
$24u,W0 on the same dat-. The Onceola pay*
$200,000 on the 20th.
DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
THE MARKET IS STEADY ENOUGH, BUT
LACKS LIFE.
The New York Commercial says of the dried
fruit and raisin markets:
'There does not appear to be the life in the
dried fruit market dealers would like to see.
There is no stocking i:p nor buying for future
delivery, and business is confined wholly to
the satisfaction of present wants of distrib
utors, who are supplying retail trade. Mail
orders are not numerous, and such as do
come are principally for lots to flil broken
stocks.
"Prunes are steady, but there is no great
demand. The request for large s!z>t> seems to
be smaller for the moment, and inasmuch as
there are few more to be had, it Is quite as
well for the trade as a whole. All large sizes
are gone from Washington and Oregon and
California has had none of consequence. Buy
ers ■will be obliged to take medium sizes in
the future, but at preei they are Indifferent
and apparently do not care lo make further
purchases for either prompt or future deliv
ery. Considerable quantities of medium sizes
and a few large ones are coming forward, but
they are principally on orders placed pre
viously. No dealer has made any large pur
chases recently.
"In raisins there is no change. Clusters ap
pear to be In stronger demand, but the call
for them is not as large as usual at thti sea
son. Even though it is generally understood
that all supplies now on the coast are held
by the association, which guarantees prices,
buyers apparently do not care. They are tak
ing no additional supplies. The dealers who
bought freely of four crowns early in the sea
son are trying to dispose of them at whatever
they will bring. The Shading has created
something of an uneasy feeling in the market,
but it is said that supplies thus held are com
paratively small and that the trade will not
suffer materially in consequence. Meanwhile
there Is a better feeling In foreign raisins,
though no large orders are reported.
"There Is little change in the currant situa
tion. It is definitely announced from Wash
ington that no change will be made in the
tariff. This saves the California industry from
annihilation and prevents any reduction In
present quotations. There is some expectation
that the Greek Government will secure free
admission Into Russia within a short time,
■which Will afford an outlet for practically all
■supplies now held and will have the effect of
greatly strengthening the market.
"Apricots re firm and difficult to obtain.
All Indications point to a rising market but
possibly the change will not come Imme
diately. s^pnt stocks are small and supplies in
first hands are less than usual at this time.
"Peaches are firm. No change In price is
recorded, though there seems to be a feeling
that prices will advance as soon as stock
taking is over and dealers begin replenishing
Stock."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 20, 5 p. m.
The following- are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date la«t
Season, and rainfall in the past twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.22 9.87 15.37
Bed Bluff 0.30 3. 51 - 6.03
Bacramento 0.55 5.72 4.SS
Fan Francisco 0.32 3.99 4.07
Fresno 0 1.82 1.89
Pan Luis OMspo Trace 1.34 1.58
Los Angeles 0 0.24 2.53
San Diego 0 0.65 1,41
Viima 0 1.32 O.SI
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
E0; minimum, 46; mean, 4S. ■.'.:;'
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A moderate barometric depression has de
veloped during the pa_«t twenty-four hours In
Southern Nevada and Southeastern California.
The barometer at Independence to-night reads
29.88 lnrheo. An area of high pressure has ap
peared to-day on the Oregon coast, which will
cause fair and colder weather in Northern
California Wednesday.
Rain has fallen during the past twenty-four
hours from San Luis Oblspo northward in
California, and light rain or mow has fallen
throughout the greater portion of Nevada and
Vtah. Rain has fallen west of the Cascades
In Oreton and Washington, and snow to the
east of them and In Idaho.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending 1 midnight, Dec. 21, 1895:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, except
partly cloudy in southern portion; cooler In the
south portion; brisk northweßt wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy, cooler
Wednesday; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Wednesday; cooler.
Utah— Occasional snow Wednesday.
Arizona— Cloudy and probably local snow In
northern portion Wednesday; cooler Wednes
day nicht.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday
cooler: brisk north wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Foggy wind
northwest. 16 miles; temperature, 42; maximum
temperature, 46.
W. H. HAMMON, Forecast Official.
;, j -•
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK JIAUKET.
NBW YORK. Dec. 20.-The market, after an
Irregular course, left off strong at the best,
with gains ranging from 2@4 points in some
cf the specialties, while the betterment In
Ftandard shares was fractional. The market
Jacked a decided tone at the opening In sym
pathy with the Irregularity of Americans In
London, where there was evidence of some
realizing sales. Missouri Pacific, Federal Steel
en.j Sugar in succession began to rise and
ten led to check an otherwise weak and hesl
tating market. Union Paclflcß, In common
with the other international atocks. Buffered
mewhat for a time on the realising sales
from abroad. After 1 o'clock traders gradually
took the long side. Sugar was boosted up on
the shorts, and on large transactions rose
li«arly 6 points. A movement In the
late trading In the Atchlson issues was trans
ferred to Federal Steel and Baltimore and
Ohio and gradually helped the whole list. In
terest* identified with the trade were large
purchasers of Federal Steel, while the purchase
of Atchlson was made in the hope of some fa
vorable action at , to-morrow's directors' meet-
Ing. The expectation of an early announce
ment of the Central Pacific reorganization plan
was responsible for a rise in that Btock of
about 4 points. Manipulative orders helped •in
marking up American Steel and Wire. While
the transactions of the day were not up to the
recent tremendous volume of business the
greater amount of activity for the day devel
oped in the closing hours, while the market
*as moving upward:
Transactions in bonds phowed a marked con
traction in dealings and speculation was'verv
•rratlc. Total sales. 13.359.000. r
United States new 4's registered advanced *4
th< coupon % and the 3's and old 4 s coution xL
In the bid price. v *
Total sales of stocks to-day were 610 500
•hares, including: Atchlson, IS.SSO; do pre
ferred, 83,750; Central Pacific, 44.420: Burling
ton, 4220: D. and R. G. preferred, 3?09- Lake
Erie and Western, 0650; do preferred 5456-
Louisville and Nashville, 7100; Minnesota and
Bt Louis, 7205; Missouri Pacific, 7520- Northern
Pacific. 6400; Rock Inland. 3520: Union Pacific
29,900; do preferred, 9850; St. Paul, 6320- Kouthl
em Pacific, 14,615; Southern. 6000; do preferred
31.920; Texas and Pacific. 6130; Paper preferred
64,000; Tobacco. 6600; Federal Steel. 34 920- do
tiroferred. 12.550: People's Gn«, 6400; Colorado
Fuel, B7J0; Pacific Mail, K)63; Sugar, 10? 020-
T. C. and 1.. 38,395. '
• - CLOSING STOCKS. ' '■ C
Atohlpon 19%] St Louis & S F.... su
Do prefd Bl%| Do prefd CB%
BRltimore & Ohio. 67 Do 2d prefd 3314
Canada Pacific... 84% St Louis & S W.. 7 •
Canada Southern.. C6'.i Do prefd.. l.iTz
Cent Pac 42ft St Paul. 317
Ches & 0hi0....... 2o',i Do prefd 164%
Chi <£• A1t0n....... 167 St P & 0m... 91ft
Chi 1? & Q 121% Do prefd 165
Chi & X 111.;'. 56 So Railway 10%
Do prefd 109 Do prefd 41ft
Chi G W 15U Texas & Pacific... 16? i
Chi Ind * L 7ft Union Pacific...... 40%
Do prefd 31 Do prefd 72
Chi & N W 141% U P D & G. 2d ast
Do prefd 188 Jkpaid 11%
CC c St L 43'» 'Wabash S
Do prefd '... 96 Do prefd ! 22%
Del & Hudson 104 \Vneel & L E, 4th
Del L& W 150 • ast paid........ 6%
Den & Rio G 17% Do prefd. 4th ast
Do prefd 67% paid *«£
Erie (new) ;... 14 Express Companies-
Do Ist prefd 30% Adarn3 Ex lOSft
Ft Wayne 175 Ahirrlcan Ex 144
C.t Nor prefd 13.su United States 50
; Hocking Val. 3V4 Wells Fargo 125
! Illinois Cent U3w.| Miscellaneous—
I Lake Erie & V>\... 19^1 A Cot Oil 33
i Do prefd 72 | Do prefd 87ft
I Lake. Shore 201 Am Spirits 12»i
l-.iuis & Nash 63H Do prefd 30>i
Manhattan L S6H Am Tobacco 140V4
-Met St Ry 192 V. Do prefd 129 ft
Mich Cent Ill" Cons Oaf 196»i
Minn A St L 31Vi Com Cable Co 175
Do Ist prefd 99 Col F & Iron 2S I
Mo Pacific 43U Do prefd 75
Mobile & 0hi0.... 3fl»* Gen Electric 92?6
Mo X & T U%'B»ir Com Co 54
Do prefd 37%|1ntl Paper 58
, N .1 Central 93';,! Do prefd 90>-i
I N V <'°ntrfl! 12.1>.«i Lnri.-l- Gas 51^;
I N V Chi &St L.. 14 Lead »7«4
i Do lRt prefd 70 Do prefd 113 V
! Do 2d prefd 36 Nat Lin Oil 8%
I Xor West 16 PacifY Mai! 43H
1 No Amer Co C", People's ' Gas 105,4
No Pacific 41>4 Pullman Pal 149
Do prefd 76>(, Silver Certificates. s?ii
: Ontario & W...... 17«4 Standard R& T... S
Or R & Nay 51 Sugar 12.">Vs
' Or Short Line 37 ■ Do prefd 11l
Pac <■ Ist prefd.... Slij T C & Iron 36'
Do 2d prefd 61 U S Leather...... 6
! Pittslmrg 172 Do prefd 69
Reading lS?i U S Rubber 4«- t
Do Ist prefd 46% Do prefd 11l
j R CI W 20' I West r. ex-dlv... 93«
Do prefd 64 I Federal St°el C 0... 40' i
Ro-k Island 10r< T sl Do prefd 80
St P M & M 172 ißrooklyn R T I**
So Pacific r.4 1 *!
CLOSING BONDS.
US 3s 106* N V Central lsts..ll"
U S new 4s reg.TT .l23V* N J C 5s 115
Do coup 12S' North Carolina 65.. 125
I' S 4s lll»i Do is 104
Do coup 114 . No Pac lsts IIS
Do 2ds 9H'4 Do 3s G9«i
U S 5s reg 113M> Do 4s 1024
Do 5s coup 113' s N YC& . t L *5..106V4
District 3.65s ....US Nor & W 63 127
Ala Class A 10$ Northwest consols. U3
Do B 10S 1 Do deb 5s 119^;
Do C 103 O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency 104 O Nay 4s 99%
Atchlson 4s v'>\ O 8 Line 6s. tr 129%
Do adj 4s 7-} O S Line 5s tr 11"'.
Can So 2ds llO'-ii Pacific 6s of »5....102" 3
C & O 4fts 90i;j Reading 4s -. 1)6',;
Chi Term 4s 94^ R G W lsts 92
' C & Ohio 5s 116 ft St L *»I M Con 55.104
I C H & 1> 4Vis 164»15t L&SF Gen 65.124 ft"
D 4 R G lsts 108 St P Con 162
D & R G 4»(f*....101V$ St P C & P 15t5.. 122
East Term 15t5. ...108 Do 5s 120%
Erie Gen 4s 75V1 So Ry Ss io;>Vfe
P W & D lsts tr.. Ssft Standard R &■ T 6s. $7
Gen Elec 5s 10S Term new set 35.. 'J4"-i
G H & S A 65... 107 Tex Pac L'G lsts.HO
Do 2ds 103 Do Beg Zda 47
H & T C 55. ...... .112 Union' Pae 4s ....103%
( Do con i>s 112 U P D A G lsts.. 87
1 lowa C lsts 104 ft Wabash Ist 5s ....113%
j La new consols 45. 107 ; Do 2ds 35
j L & N Uni 45.... 97ft W Shore 4s 112 vi
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries S2
M X A T 2ds 67% Do deferred 6Vi
Do 4s 91 Wls Cent lsts 63»i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar Ontario 5 00
Crown Point 13 Ophir *. 50
Con Cal & Va.... 1 10 1 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 23 ' Do prefd SOO
Hale & Norcross. 1 00 Sierra Nevada S2
Homestake 50 00 Standard 2 05
Iron Silver 73 Union Con 10
Mexican 27i Yellow Jacket 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Gen Elec prefd.... 158
Call loans 2^3 Atchison prefd ... 51 T
j Time loans 3-g4 Bonds-
Stocks— . Atchison 4s 98U
A T & S Fe 14-» Wis Central Is ... 63
Amer Sugar 125% Do 6s 12S
Do prefd 11l ' Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas .... 2=>> Allouez Mm Co.. sft
Bell Tel 275 lAtlantic 31
Boston & Albany. .247 ißoston & Mont 252U
Boston & Maine. .l7o Butte & Boston 78%
Boston L 74 Calumet & Hecla.6ls
Chi Bur & Q 121H Centennial : 29H
Fitchburg 107 Franklin t 194
Ge n Electric 93 Old Dominion .... 32
Mexican Central .. 6Vs Osceola 72't
N V & N Eng.... 96 Quincy 13SV4
Old Colony 197% Tamarack 171'
Rubber 44 Wolverine 32
Union Pac 40ft Parrott 30
West End M)\ Humboldt [ i^
Westingh Elec ... 35ft Union Land lift
Do prefd 62 Adventure 9%
Ed Elec Tel 19S I
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts, 32,
328 barrels; exports, 27.504 barrels; quiet fend in
some instances a shade lower with the break In
wheat. Minnesota patents, $3 70@3 95. *
WHEAT— Receipts, 407,000 bushels; exports,
357.C91 bushels. Spot market easy. No. 2 red,
77c, f. o. b. afloat. Options opened weak, bear
news was abundant, and scalpers, encouraged
by holiday dullness, luwer cables and moderate
clearances, hammered the market persistently
all day, preventing rall.es. except one or two
Blight ones, based on early strength in corn, j
Final prices were weak and *»@%c below the 1
previous day. March, 74 1-I6''a74^c, cloied 74ftc. :
HOPS—
WOOL-Steady.
METALS— At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, nominal, at 17 50, with
the market quiet but firm.
LAKE Unchanged, with $12 SO bid
and $12 95 asked.
TlN— Firmer, with $18 15 bid and $1S 30 asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $3 77ft bid and $3 82ft
asked.
SPELTER— NominaI, at $5 25, with spot un
changed and futures lower and easier.
The firm naming the settling price for lead
ing miners and smelters at the West quotes
lead $3 55 and copper $12 75.'
COFFEE — Options closed Steady, unchanged
to five points higher. Sales. 13,750 bags, in
cluding: December, $5 So®s S3;- January. $5 X 0
G5 85; March, 56&6 05; April, $6 10; May, $6 10(!j>
6 15; July. $S 20; September, $6 25® 6 30; Octo
ber, $6 30.
Spot— Coffee firm, held higher. No. 7 In
voice, 6*»'i77c; No. 7 Jobbing, 7%c; mild and
Cordova, 7%Q15c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining. 3 *c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4?»c; molasses, 3%c; re
flned. steady and shade higher.
BUTTER — Receipts. 6435; firm. Western
creamery, 15@21c: Elglns, 21c; factory. 12@14ftc.
EGGS— Receipts, 6563 packages; firm. West
ern, 26c; Southern, 22@25c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— California dried fruits
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 798 c;
prime wire tray, S*ic; choice, 999% c; fancy,
10c.
PRUNES— 4@lOftc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c: Moorpark. 14915 c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, BV4@l2ftc; peeled, 18@
20c. .
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Dec. With a weak Liverpool
market and rather liberal local aad Northwest
receipts to contend with, bulls In wheat were
badly handicapped at the opening. Liverpool
failed utterly to follow yesterday's advance
here and on the contrary showed early declines
of J ,4@ftc, probably because of the increase of
3,800,000 bushels In American stocks. Buying
orders at the start were very few and far be
tween. May opened V*c lower at 67Vi!&67%c.
This price prevailed for a short time, when the
strength shown by the coarser grain market
encouraged buyers and caused a little scattered
covering by local shorts. The total amount bid
for was small, but in the almost stagnant con
dition of the market it was sufficient to cause
a reaction in the May price to 67% c. Then the
market - weakened again. All outside markets
were weaker than Chicago. New York re
ported a very Black foreign demand. As the
foreign demand has been the big prop of the
market In times of liberal recelpti, • reports of
this nature had the effect of contracting the
speculative demand, and prices once more
slowly slid, off, and before. 11:30 May had
reached 67Hc The selling pressure at no time
was heavy, but there. was at times an entire
absence of bids. Bradstreet's report of • the
world's visible supply, showing an increase of
5,390,000 bushels, took away what little back
bone the market had left, and late trading was
all In favor of the bears. May r-.nally got down
to C6?4@67c, and closed at 674f67V4c
Corn was rather quiet but steady. The fea
ture of the market was the large direct export
business, almost a million bushels. This and
the firm cables and wet weather made the
market very firm at times. The weakness o£
wheat and the rather poor quality of corn re
ceipts adversely affected the market later and
a slight advantage was lost. May closed a
shade lower. Oats were fairly active and ir
regular. May was firm early, helped by corn
and the wet weather. December was weak and
was offered at somewhat under May without
takers. It was apparent the December short
Interests were liquidated. May closed -»»c
lower.
The market for provisions was decidedly nar
row. Around the opening some easiness was
shown, hog prices being lower and packers
showing a disposition to press sales. The
strength of corn helped the market some. Trad
ing was almost at a standstill late in the day.
and prices dropped again, the market being
heavy at the close. May pork closed unchanged,
lard 5c lower and ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. ClogiS
Wheat No. 2— " f*
December 66 6f»ft 65H .>*!
May 67% 67H C 6% '(»
July 65ft 65% 65 '//
Corn No. 2— - ■ j
December '..T S4ft S4«i 34% .*.
May Ssft ' 35% 35V M
July 85« i 55"4 35%jf*
Oats No. 2— ,57
December 25% 26% 25 1 ,{a|
May 26% 26% 26ftfJ
Mess Pork, p°r barrel- 1 «&\'
January 9 32% 940 9 22»*
May 9 67H 9 67ft 9 62fl|
Lard, per 100 pounds— ■ . - wflk
January 610 6 lift 5 07KWJ
May ....'. G 32ft 635 6 20«f/
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— • •*»/
January ••• • 4 62ft 4C5 4 62i4n 4
May 480 4 82ft 4 7Jli^**
Cash quotations were as follows :4ftf I
Flour, steady: No. 2 spring Wheat*! 6r
8 spring Wheat. 61@64«ic; No. 2 rel.
No. 2 Corn, 35#36ftc: No. 2 Oats. 2t**
2 white. 28fta2"9c; No. 3 white. 18«5»
Rye, 54%®54%c: No. 2 Barley. t. a*V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
Prime Timothy Seed. $2 35; Mess Pork, per bar- .
rel. $S 10@S li: Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 05@ |
6 10; Short Rib Sides, loose, $4 55@4 75; Dry
Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4U@4%c: Short Clear
Sides, . boxed. $4 82ft<?4 85: .Whisky, distillers
finished soods, per gallon, $1 26; Sugar, cut
loaf, unchanged. -'
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 50,000 42,000
Wheat, bushels 154,000 80.000
Corn, buFhols 46G.000 1C9.000
Oats, bushels ..., 438,000 223,0
Rye, bushels ..... 40,000 6.000
Barley, bushels 123,000 12.000 I
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. 14©20 c; dair
ies. 13S18«. Cheese, quiet; B%@loftc. Eggs,
quiet; fresH. 21@21ftc.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— . Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ..., 836,660 70,470
Duluth- ...'......'... V. 175,507 16,663
Milwaukee 137.500 39,000 j
Chicago 153,750 79,667 !
Toledo -41.718 6.600! ;
St. Louis 47,000 48.000
Dctrojt 12,694
Kansas City 60,000 ' ' 31.500
Totals.. 955,429 • 291.802 !
Tidewater — • ■■ •■■
Boston 79,661
New York : 407,000 357.G91
i Philadelphia 55v029 85,097
Baltimore 89,356 C 4.000
■ New Orleans ■. ..
I Galveston .'. .• 91,756 40.000
Totals .'. ........
v LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 11>4 5 lOVi 5 S%
Closing 5 11V* 6 9% 6 Bft
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour—
Omening 45 35 44 70
Closing 45 35 44 75
beat-
Opening 20 40 20 S5
Closing 20 50 20 90
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. :.
CHICAGO.
| CHICAGO, Dec. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts of
i cattle to-day were small and price.? steady, but
sales were mostly at a lower range of prices.
! Ordinary fed Westerns, $3 75@5, f*-w prime lots j
; $6 25<j?5 £0; good to choice Texas steers, }3 Ss@ ;
1 4 40; stockers and feeders. $3 2594 25;; choice j
, feeding cattle, $4 30@4 40; calves. $3(g4 85.
HOGS— Most of the hogs were s<ij"loc lower. .
: Common to extra choice, J3 15@3 45. bulk going
at J3 35®3 40 for heavy and $3 26@3 30 for light- ,
weights; pigs, $3@3 20.
SHEEP— The decline in sheep and lambs was ,
: checked to-day by light receipts. There was a j
fairly active demand at $3 75@5 40 for inferior i
to prime flocks of lambs, sales being largely
at $4 5096 10; Western lambs. $4 204i'5 20; year- I
lings, $4 50; Western sheep, $3 25@4; native
sheep. $2 5054 50. ,
Receipts— Cattle. 2iO0; hogs, 35,000; sheep,
0000.
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts,
! 6000. Market steady to strong. Native steers,
J2 75@5 25; Texas steers, $2 75@4 50; Texas
| cows. $2 25® 2 85; native cows and heifers, $1 75
@3 85; stockers and feeders. $3@4 25; bulls, $2@
3 80.
HOGS— Receipts. 17.000. Market steady; bulk
of sales, S3 2T>(ji3 35. Heavies. $3 25@3 40; pack
ers. $3 25<g3 35; lights, $3 15@3 30; yorkers. $3 25
[ @3 30; pigs, $3® 3 20.
SHEEP — Receipts, 20C0. Market strong.
Lambs, $4 25@'5 3."; muttons, $2@4 25.
--.•/ OMAHA.
' OMAHA. Dec* 20.— '"ATTLE— Receipts. 2200.
Market activei firm. Native beef steers. $4 10®
6 30; Western steers, $3 SO®} 40; Texas steers.
IS 50@4 10;. cows and heifers, $3@4 15; stockers
and feeders, $3 3Ofj4 40; calves, $4 50@6 50; bulls,
stags, etc., J2 2.'.'u3 85.
HOGS— Receipts. 11.000. Market a shade
easier. Heavy. $3 25@3 30; mixed. $3 25<?3 27-;
light. $3 27ft@3 35; pigs, $3@3 25; bulk of sales,
$3 25®3 27 ft.
SHEEP— Receipts, 600. Market dull. Native
muttons, -$3 2003 30; Western muttons, $3 30®
3 50; lambs, }4u,". ■ ■....:; . .
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 20.— CATTLE— Receipts. 500.
Market active and strong. Beef steers, $3 CCi}
4 25; cows. $2 7593 50; feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 25@4; stockers do, $3'25@4 15; bulls,
stags, etc.. $1 75@2 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 400. Market dull and weak.
Lights. $3 30@3 35; mixed, $3 2D@3 30; heavy,
$3 10-G3 20.
* SHEEP— Receipts, none. . Market dull.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Dec. 20.— A large amount of wool
has changed hands here this week, including
more than 3,460,000 pounds of domestic and
2,435,000 pounds of foreign. The feature this
week has been the good demand for Australian
wool. The price paid is much below ■ the cost I
of importation and the market will soon be I
cleared. Territory wools are -being: sold fairly i
well at ruling prices. Quotations:
Territory wools. Montana fine medium and j
fine. 14@16c; scoured, 43c; staple. 47<345c; Utah.
i Wyoming, fine medium, 34@35c; scoured, 43c;
staple, 47@4Sc.
Australian, scoured basis, combing, super
fine, 70<g 72c; good, 65988 c; average, 62@65c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. -.—Consols. 110 5-16; Silver,
27 7-16; French Rentes, lOlf 92ftc. Wheat Car
goes off coast, nothing doing;. cargoes on pas
sage, sellers at advance 3d; cargoes. No. 1
Standard California, 30s; English country mar
kets. qu!et.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 20.— Wheat, nrm; wheat In
Paris quiet; French country market, steady;
weather in England, clear and cold; cotton,
uplands, S 3-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western
winter, Cs 3d; No. 1 red Northern spring, 6s Id.
Futures — quiet; December, 5s UUd;
March, 6s 9%d: May, 5s Bftd.
Corn — Firm: American mixed, 3s ll'id.
Futures — steady; December. 3s 10% d; January,
new crop, 3s lOd; March, 3s BT*d.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days. 133,100 ctls.
. LIVERPOOL, Dec. 20.— grain and pro- '
vision exchanges will close at 3:30 p. m. Decem
ber 23 until Tuesday.
THE RAISIN MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— Journal of Com
merce says: Although it is generally under
etood that the principal object aimed at by
the California Raisin Growers' Association is
to put the business on a profitable basis, so
every one interested in It. from grower to re
tail distributor, may make a reasonable profit,
the radical changes proposed by tha associa
tion with that end in view do not «eem to
meet with favor in all quarters, owing to the
fact, as stated by some of the principal dis
tributors of goods here, that commission mer
chants and others who market goods in the
East have already had a wide experience with
packing producers and found results unsatis
factory. It was not until the commercial
packers took hold and graded fruit properly,
according to representative handlers here, that
business became systematized, with resulting
confidence on the . parr of the ' Eastern . trade,
which enabled the carrying on of business .with,
: a reasonable certainty as to the future. Ac
! cording to one of the principal commission mer
chants it la one thing to buy - well-known
brands from responsible packers and another
j to buy an unknown quantity produced by a
! comparatively inexperienced element. The fact
that the association has put out two kinds of
raisins this — graded and ungraded—
led to some unpleasant complications, we un-
I derstand,' as some unscrupulous dealers, it is
charged, have scraped the marks off boxes
designating ungraded as "Pacific" and have
substituted this stock for repacked graded
I goods. This, it is intimated, has been made
possible by tho fact that *in ' some Instances
grade goods have gone out without the In
spector's stamp, though that is not positively
asserted. Large handlers In the principal mar
kets are not likely to be deceived by the sub
stitution of ungraded for rraded ralalns, . but
offerings of these Inferior , goods as best at
lower prices than prime fruit can be marketed
at has an unsettling Influence and causes a
good deal of trouble for those who offer stock
only for what It Is represented to be by th«
association.
AVAILABLE GRAIN* SUPPLY
j NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— Special cable and tele
, graphic dispatches to Bradstretet's Indicate tha
i following changes in the available supply 6f
i grain Jaßt Saturday, aa compared with the
preceding Saturday: . :
Wheat. United . States and ' Canada, ■ east . of
: the Rockies, Increase, 4,590,000 bushels; Llver
j pool Corn Trade News, afloat for and in Bu
1 rope, increase. 800.000 bushels;; total supply ln-
I crease. 5.390,000 bushels. ■ ■ ■■
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies. increase, 436,000 bushels.
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
; Rockies, increase. 1,297,000 bushels...
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port- j
land, Or., and Tacorna and Seattle, Wash
j show a decrease of . 392,000 bushels for the
week.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK. Dec. 20.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London .financial- cablegram says:
TW;>ma.rkets here were stagnant and drooping
("oftallt waiting for the holidays. In Amerl
, .V dealings were small and consisted mainly
'c^J'eaMstne here, except In Baltimore and
"' .'VNew: York bought the latter and Union
j and Central Pacific caused a sagging
jru&fSkK .:■:..■
■'.d^^Hfc^opening market was bid for by !
naiiyMlj77s ll%d. • .
V^Sg&slfcV CLOSING,
•atiloif* Pacific, 87%;; Grand Trunk, 7%; bar
■'.weeTt,i'27.7-16d; money, 303 V* per cent;
9;**«V<clM«>d at 44%. , --......
:. L>ec —Spanish 4's closed at 44.90.
■■ ■
*|**WANCE: ISJ SUGAR. ..
'Jt Dec. 20.— An advance -of I-160 |
' Kos.' 12, 13 and 14 refined sugars |
1 ,by the American company.
TLAND'S BUSINESS.
,mm . .• ' . -. ■ .
T»J«Dec. 20.— Exchanges, $343,4*7;
»»• ■ ■--
".WIN WHEAT MARKET. ,
Dee. Fifty-«l|rht cents wa»
:/*!.. .. . ■ '■■■ '
the best quotation obtainable on Walla Walla
wheat to-day. At the same time there were
reports that over 1c more had been paid for
something wanted for a special purpose. Val
ley quiet at 60ff61c and bluestem 62c.
Cleared— British ship Cape Clear, for Queens
town, with 127,r,74 luisiiels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 20.— WUK AT— Club, 58ftc;
bluestem, 61ft-g62e.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 52%
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — * 82
Sterling Cables — 4 83ft
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17ft
Fine Silver, per ounce — sr<*i I
Mexican Dollars , — 47ft
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
•
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are nominal at 255,
-usual options. The chartered wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 17,552, against
49.13S tons on the same date last year; dis
engaged. 34.100 tons, against 9400; on the way
to this port, 145, 58S tons, against 165,540.
WHEAT— Weaker quotations from the East
and abroad, coupled with the rain, ensed off
the market, as will be seen. Trading was light
all around. c -.- ■■
Spot Shipping, $1 13%@1 16Vi; milling,
$1 20@l 22ft.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May— 2o.ooo
ct's, $1 IS%.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 IS'J; 4000,
$1 18ft.
Regular Forenoon Session— May — 12.0C0 ctls,
$1 18%: 24.000, $1 18%,; 10,000. $1 IS<4: 16.000, $1 18;
2000, $1 17%: December— 4ooo. SI 12%.
Afternoon Session— May— ctls, $1 17%; 8000,
$1 17\; December— 2ooo, $1 12.
BARLEY— There was nothing doing;, either on
or off call, and the feeling was weak at a
slight decline. •
Feed, $1 25®1 25%: Brewing, $1 35@1 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— "No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Forenoon Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Bej-ond the usual small sales to
satisfy the local demand there Is nothing going
on. The decline in Wheat, too, tends to quiet
the market. Quotations remain unchanged. |
Fancy Feed. $1 27ft(5'l 30 per ctl. ; good
to choice, . $1 22ft@l 25: common, $1 20;
Surprise. $1 3C©l 42ft; Gray, $1 20(@l 22ft: fill
ing, 51 25@1 30 per ctl; Red, $1 40@l 47ft; Black,
$1 t>oijn 70.
CORN— Dealers continue to quote the old
prices, with a dull market.
Small round yellow, $1 17@1 20; Eastern
largo yellow, $1 io@l 12U: white, $1 10@l 12ft;
mixed, $1 07ft per ctl; California white, $1 12ft
<gl 15.
RYE— California. $1 17ft® 1 ! 20; Eastern, $1 15
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 UJtg-4 25;' baker 3*
extras. $3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices in sacks arc as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, J7; Commeal, '$2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50: Hominy. $3 25@3 50: Buckwheat i
Flour, WSi 25: Cracked Wneat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats |
(barrels). $5 Ss®6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.. '
The rain produces no effect one way or the
other except to quiet business. All prices re
main as before.
BRAN— sls®l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2O 50 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $26 50@27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31®31 50;
Jobbing, $32*g32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24tf!25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, .<23 609
24 50: Cracked Corn, 124925,
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 50@18 for
good to choice and |14@>16 ior lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, flu@l6 50;
Oat. $14if 15 60; Island Barley. $11@14; Alfalfa,.
111912 50: Stock. $11!&12: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 60916; Cheat,
$11 76913 75; Alfalfa. »10!&10 50; Oat, $13 60^15;
Clover, $11 50@12; Timothy, $11 50@13 per ton.
STRAW— SS@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Dealers look for no acltlvlty in Eeans until j
after the turn of the year. The rains may I
help Seeds, though there is no Improvement ap
parent yet.
BEANS— Bayos, $2@'2 10; Small Whites,
$2 15@2 20; Large Whites, $1 70Q1 90; Pinks,
$2«i 2 10; Reds. $3 15@3 25: Blackeye, $3 75®4;
Butters, $::•<. f,O; Limas, $3 2i>@3 30; Pea, $2 30®
2 50; Red Kindneyn. $2 40@2 60 per ctl. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 6094 75 per ctl;
yellow mustard. $4 25; Flax, $i4j2 25: Canary
Seed, 214' i%c per lb: Alfaira. sfti3>6%c; Rape,
2',i@2%c: Hemp. 2ft(&3c; Timothy. s@sftc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50@l 75; Green, $1 76
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Holders of Potatoes are firm and refuse to sell
unless at full figures. Onions are also firm.
Vegetables continue in light supply and Bay
Tomatoes are no longer worth quoting. ,
POTATOES >— 50@65c per ctl for Early Rose;
Gs@9Oc per sack for River Burbanks; .Salinas
Burbanks, 75c@$l 25; Oregon, $I@l 25; Sweet
Potatoes, $1 2591 40 for Merced; New Potatoes,
lft<S2ftc per lb.
ONIONS— SOSISOc per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 7@Bc; String
Beans, 8c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 76c9A
for Los Angeles; Egg Plant, 12ftc per lb; Gar
lic, 7@6c per lb: Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Green
Peppers, 6c per lb: Dried Prppers, 10<S?15c; Mar
rowfat Squash, $S@lo per ton; Carrots, 25®35c
per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two more cars of Eastern arc r.t hand, and
three cars of Eastern dressed Turkeys will ar
rive during the week.
Turkeys are doing better under diminished ar
rivals. Other Poultry is dull owing to the con
tinuous receipts from the East.
Canvasback Ducks are lower, being in better
supply, Other descriptions of Game are easy.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeyß, 14@16c; . live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 13®14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 50
@1 75; Ducks, $4<"at! for old and $4 50@6 for
young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young Roosters, $4®
4 60; old Roosters, $4: Fryera, $4: Broilers, $4
for large, $3@3 50 for small; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per
dozen for old and $1 a»<if'2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $l(gl 25; Mallard, $3@4; Can
vasback, $6fn7; Sprig. $2<g 2 25; Teal, $1 25; Wid
geon, $1 50; Small Duck. $I@l 25: Enpl:sh Snipe,
$2: Jack Snipe, $I@l 26; Gray Geese, $2 50;
White Gee.se. $1 23: Brnnt, $1 25@1 75; Honkers.
$3@4 50; Hare, $1; Rabbitß, $1 50 for Cottontails
and $1 for small. :-*■
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese Is beginning to weaken. The hiph
prices have attracted free shipments from the
East and four cars are reported nearly due.
Some dealers are already taking time by the
forelock and selling, to keep down their stocks.
The rain has a tendency to weaken Butter,
and receipts are Increasing from Marin and
Sonoma. Prices show no change, however.
Eggs rule steady at the good prices, with
moderate supplies.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 29@30c; sec
onds, 2Sc.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 25@270; common
grades. 18®24c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll.
17fffl8c for dairy • and 19@20c for creamery
squares ; creamery tub, 22@22%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle . packed, ■ l«@l6ftc per
lb; Elgin, 22@22ftc. ;
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12@12ftc; old. 10
@llc; Cream Cheddar, 12@12ftc; Young Amer
ica. 12@13c: Eastern, lOiffllc.
EGGS— Eggs, 35@37ftc per dozen; sec
onds, 30@33c; Eastern, 22ft(@25c for ordinary
and 2S@'3oc for fancy. •
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market is still overstocked with Oranges,
Lemons and Limes, and prices are weak.
Apples continue is abundant supply at un
changed ' quotations.
Cranberries are in light supply and firmer.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7 60@10 per barrel for East
ern and $I@l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 35@60c for common, 75c®$l per box
for No. 1 and $125(0160 for choice.: Lady Ap
ples, $1 25@1 75; Spltzenbergs, In barrels, $s@B.
Pears— soc©sl 25 per box.
Persimmons— sli@ l l 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mandarins, Jliijl r.O;
Lemons, 75c@$l JO for common and $2@3 • for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 60@4; Cali
fornia Limes, 25@75c per small box; Grape
Fruit. $1 Eo@3 50; Bananas, $1 504T2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Nuts continue flrm and in light supply. Rais
ins are steady but inactive. Dried fruits are
still neglected. A review of 1 the New York
market appears in the first column. ■
I DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6Vi< 40-50' s. 4fttj)
Isc for 60-60' s, 3ft@3%c for 60-70' s, 2%@3c | for j
70-SO's, 2%@2ftc for 80-90's, 2c for 90-100's and j
lft@l%c for 100-110's; Silver Prune 3, 2ft@sc;
Peaches, 6@7ftc for good to choice, 7ft@Bc for
fancy. and 10@12ftc for peeled: Apricots. 10@12c
for Royals and 12@l2ftc for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, 7ii@fftc; sun dried. 4@4ftc; Black
Figs, sacks. 2®2ftc: "Plums. 4ft@6c for pitted
and l@lftc for unpitted;- Nectarines, 6@7c for 1
prime to fancy; Pears, 6(ffSc for quarters and !
ts@9c for halves, 'sag&t ■
RAISINS— 3%c for two-orown, 4%c for three
' crown, r>%c for four-crown, 6ft@6ftc for Seed
less Sultanas. 4ftc for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for|London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2%@3c. '
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@l2ftc : per ■ lb; Walnuts, I
6@7c for hardshell. • 9@loc for softsbell; Al
monds, 6@7c for hardshell, 13c for softshell, 14® |
16c for paper-shell: Peanuts. - 6®7c for Eastern
and 4ft©'6c for California; Cocoanuts.-$4 50@5.
HOKET— Comb. lo®Ue ;■ for bright and B®9c
for lower grades: water white extracted, 6ft©
"c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@sftc
per lb.
BEESWAX— 26c per ib.
PROVISIONS.
Bacon Is very dull. There is a fair trade in
Hams. Lard is the firmest article on the list.
The demand for Provisions is about what it
usually Is at this time of the year— nothing
extra.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 7ftc per lb for
heavy, Sc for light medium, 10c for light, lOftc
tor extra light and 12912% c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. l0@10ftc; California
Hams, 9ft@9-}ic; ess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess .Beef, 111; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork. $10: extra clear, $18: mess. $15 50®
XS: Smoked Beef. 11%9Uc per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5V4c per lb for com
i pound and 797% C for pure; half-barrels, pure,
! <>4c: 10-lb tins. 7%c; 5-lb tins. Be.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%®«ftc: packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9ftc:
8-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, SftcNlO-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 21n a case. 7 T 4c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. B'<,c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7 /4 c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Wool remains the same as for a fortnight.
The quotations for Hops largely represent sec
ond-hand prices, as moßt of the stock has
passed out of growers' hands. Hides are quiet
and unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about 10c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, Bftc; light, 8c: Cowhides.
Sc: Stage. 6c; Salted Kip, Sc; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal. I6c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool, S')^*)c
each; medium. 60^80c; long wool. 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75^2 for large an,d
75c for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for Inrfre and 60c@tl for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3Vjf3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%c; refined. 4% 95c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 7@9c; San Joaquin and Southern. 7
months', B@9c; Foothill and Northern, free. 12
(Tjl4c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc:
Humboldt and Mendooino, 14@15c; Nevada", 9<3»
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9@ll
Northern Mountain 7© 8
Southern 6® 7ft
Plains 5@ 6
- HOPS— 3S9B crop, 12ft@14c per lt> for ordinary,
14ftf@15ftc for good and 16@18c for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4"4@5c; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San
Quentin Bags, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $N; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50@9 in bulk and $10
@10 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $.S 60 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 in sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9%c; Sisal, S%c; Duplex,
7%c baeis.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 35@1 50 for
black and $1 50@l 80 for white; Peaches, $1 40®
1 75; Pears, $1 45@1 50; Apricots, $1 35<31 50;
Plums, 95c@$l 15. • • w ;
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 83c@$l 25;
Asparagus, $1 50@l 75, Tomatoes, 85@90c. ■
COFFEE — Costa Rica— l4<&lsc nominal for
prime washed; 13@13ftc nominal for good
washed; 13@15c for «ood to prime washed pea
berry; llVaifLSVic for good peaberry; llft@l2ftc
for good to prime; lO'j'gllc nominal for good
current mixed with black bean«; 9<gllc for fair;
6ft@Bc for common to ordinary. Salvador— U
@13c nominal for good to prime washed; 9@104c
tor fair washed; loft@llftc for good to prime
washed peaberry; u»i@B%c for superior un
washed; Sc for green unwashed; 9ft@loc for
good to prime unwashed ' peaberry- Nicaragua
— S@S%c nominal for good to superior un
washed; 9ft@loc nominal for good to prime un
washed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican —
16®17%0 for prime to fancy washed new crop:;
ll',ii@l3%c for good to strictly good washed;
lie for fair washed; 7®Sftc for medium; 5@
6%c for inferior to ordinary; llft@l2c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9ft@loc for good
unwashed peaberry; S^S^c for good to su
perior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c: cases, se
lected, 4^c; imitation Eastern, s^c; boneless,
Fi^c; strips, s%«i7ftc; blocks, 63497 c; tablets,
7ftc; middles, 6ftsjßftc per lt>; desiccated, 87ftc
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $S;
pickled cod. half-barrels, each, $4 50.
LEATHER— Leather, heavy, 25@28c per
rb; Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather,
light, 235"25 c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather, light, 23©24 c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 30<g36c; Harness Leather, medium, 27@
30c; Harness Leather, light, 2C@2Sc; Collar
Leather, 14@16c per foot: Kip, finished, 40@45c
per lb; Veal, finished, 60@55c; Calf, finished. 75c
@$1; Sides, finished, 16<gl7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14<gl6c per lb; Rough Splits, B@loc.
California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 93c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates) ;
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 48c; : raw, 46c;
cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 56c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 6c more; China
Nut, 45<8 58c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, 55c;
cases, 60c: Sperm, crude, 60c; natural white,
40c; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil, natural
white. 40c: bleached white, 450; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25@
1 35 par gallon; wagon colors. $2@2 35 per gal
lon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— White Coal Oil, in bulk, 12ftc per "
gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 17% c; Astral Oil,
17V c; Star Oil. 17ftc; Extra Star Oil. 21ftc;
Elaine Oil. 22ftc; Eocene Oil. 19ftc; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline. in bulk. 13ftc; in cases. 19c;
Benzine. in bulk, 12ftc; cases, HViC; 86-degTee
Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases, 25c.
CANDLES— Electric Light andles, 6s, 16 oz,
7ftc; 6s. 14 oz, 6%c; 6s 12 oz, 6c; 6s, 10 oz,
5%c. Granite (Mining) Candles— 16 oz, 9<,ic;
6s, 14 oz, S^c: 6s. 12 oz. 7ftc; 6s, 10 oz, 6%c.
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s, white,
Sftc: colored. 9ftc.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 61c; in iron barrels,
56c; In wooden barrels, 58c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 43c; raw, barrels,
41c: cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— per flask for local use
and $38!§T3S CO for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5;« c; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Confec
tioners' A. 5%c; California A. Sftc; Magnolia A,
5%c; Extra C, 6%c; Golden C, s>-.c; half-barrels,
V c. more than barrels and boxes ftc more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail nrlces are as follows: Pine,
ordinary , sizes, $15 50@18; extra sizes, higher-
Redwood. $17 for No. 1 and $14@16 . for No 2-
Lath, 4 feet, $2 20@2 30: Pickets, $14; Shingles'
$1 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes
for spilt and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic $15
@21.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
According to the views of local butchers a
good rain now would tend to stiffen beef, as
with better feed stockmen would not ship in
their cattle and sheep. Still it Is yet too early
for any Improvement to show itself. Hogs are
steady at the advance, though there is no
scarcity of stock.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are au follows: 1 . .
BEEF— First quality, 6ftc; second quality 6c
third quality, 4ft«?sftc. " >
VEAL— Large, 6ft@7ftc: small. 6ft(Bße per lb
MUTTON— 7@7ftc; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— 7ft(gßc per lb.
PORK— Hogs. ifS4%c for large. iy t @i%o
for medium, and 3<4w3ftc for small; ' stock
Hogs, 2V»@3c; dreseed Hogs, 6@6i4c for prime.
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Tuesday, December 20.
Flour, qr sks — 1,160 Wool, bales CS
Wheat, ctla ....* 6,400 Straw, tons J7
Barley, ctls 4,100 Hay. tons ........ 84
Oats, ctls 130 Eggs, doz 6,100
Corn, ctls 675 Wine, gals 35 300
Rye. ctls 2GOI Brandy, gals .... 9 955
Butter,' ctls 164 Leather, rolls .... 12s
Cheese, ctls 20 i Hides, No ....... 473
Tallow, ctls 255 j Lime, bbls ...... 317
Beans, sks 1.627 Pelts, bdls 270
Potatoes, ska .... 3,050 1 Quicksilver, flks. 52
Onions, 300| Lumber, feet ...„ 20 000
Bran, sks 954 Raisins, bxa .... 1900
Middlings, sks .. 17
NEVADA.
Wheat, ctls ...... 4SO| Barley, ctls . .... 1,350
THE STOCK MARKET.
Most mining stocks shaded off, though sev
eral were firm. Standard Con. sold up to $2 60.
This stock has been advancing sharply this
week. Most of It is held in the East and it
Is said that some dealers who were short have
been after it for delivery. The Comatjcks
were featureless, as usual.
The activity in local securities continued.
Hawaiian Commercial advanced to $59% and
Oceanic Steamship to $63.
The Mutual Savings Bank has declared a
dividend at the rate of 3.60 per cent per annum
on all deposits, payable January 3.
The San Francisco Savings Union has de
clared a dividend of 4 pvr cent on term and
3 1-3 per cent on ordinary deposits, payable
Janaury 3.
The MergenthPler Linotype Company has
declared a regular quarterly dividend of 2%
per cent, and an extra dividend of 24 per cent,
payable December 31.
The annual meeting of the Ophir Mining
Company will be held to-day.
Monthly dividends of 50c per share were
paid yesterday by the Hutch lnson Plantation.
Company and the Spring Valley Water Com
pany.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask
U. S. Bonds— Pac L Co 49% 50'
4s quar coup.. — — S F G & E.. 87 88
4s quar reg.. — — San Fran 3% —
4s quar new... — — Stockton Gas. 10% H
3s nuar c0up. . 106%— ; Insurance-
Miscellaneous— Ftrem's Fun .1 —
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 117 Water Sto< :*s—
Cal El 6s 125 — Contra Costa.. 60 54
C C Wat 55. .101%— Marln Co ....60 —
Dup-st ex c... — 98^»| Spring Valley.lol lOltt
E L & P. 65... 130 — Bank Stocks—- „.
F&CI Rx 69.114 - Anglo-Cal .... °-?«?2
Geary-st R 6s. — 100 - Bank of Ca1.254^0<
H O & S 6^5.102 - Cal S D & T;. 9i^loo
L A LCo 65.. 99 — First Nationl.2lS}s
Do gntd .100 — Lon P & A....1*» ,
Market-st 65..129 —- I Mer Exchange — »
Do Ist M ss. — — ' Nev Nat 8....1<» "
NCN G R 76.10S — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65..115 - , Ger S &^-\ 7T
N Ry Cal 55..106%'10« ' Hum S & L.1050 liw
NPC R R 65.103 — Mutual Say. — «<*
NPCRRSs.IO2 " — S F Say U. 500 - —
N Cal R R 58.1CS 105 : S & L 50.... — *!"
Oak Gas 55....110 -'- Security SB 300 3.0
Om Ry 6b 127 — Union - TCo-lObO
P& Cl Ry 65.107 . - -Street Railroads-
P&O 6s 112 — California .-..109> —
Powell-st 65...117H122H Geary «» ' „
Sac El Ry 65.. 100 — Market-st ■ .... o»Vi W, 4
SF & N P Ss.llOti — Oak S L & H. —
SlerraßCal 65.104H105H Presidlc 3/»
S P of Ar 6.:i11%m Powder— „-
S P C65(1905-6)112 — California ....l*S iau
SPC 6s (1912)118 - E Dynamite S3 >»
SPCIs eg 05.103 - Giant Con Co. 59' i 60
SP Br 65......118^ — vlrit,,•••"•• 3»» s»
S V Water 63.119*120 • ella, neOUS,r-uio6^
S V Water 4s. - 108 Al Pac Assn.-lOa^lW^
S V W4s(3dm).lol 102 Ger U '*»•■» 17V,
Stktn Gas 65.. - 105 Hana Pi Co.. li 9» }>ft
Gas & Electric- H C & S Co o9 -9A
Capital Gas... - - Hutch S P Co. 64%
Cent Gasllght.los - Mer Ex Assn. 90 -
Cent •L• ft P.. 15 16 Oceanic S Co.. 62 . 63_,
Mutual El Co. 11 UHlTac A F A.. ltt j*»
Oakland Gas.. - C2*'Pac C Bor Co.lol
Pac Gas Imp. 87 — Par Paint Co. ,\i —
Morning Session.
Board — rq -k
CO Giant Powder Con ■• cc sr.u,
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar °6 BiH
140 Hawaiian Commercial * Sugar...... 57 00
110 Hutchlnson S P Co ••• S Sit
50 -Hutohlnson S P C 0.... M "0
50 Market Street Railway « coii
50 Market Street Railway • ■■■ f "-*
$3000 Market St. Ry Con bonds, o per ct.lio -v
180 Oceanic S S C 0.... •••• bf ,
100 Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm 1 *•>
65 S F Gas & Electric Co •. » ™
5 S F Gas & Electric Co j» g*
40 S F Gas & Electric Co *° f»
20 Spring Valley Water-.... "i£-Ji; "JS «
$3000 S P of C 6 per cent bonds (190a-06)..112 io
$2000 SF&N PRy bonds • llu 6iy *
Afternoon Session. _
50 Giant Powder Con, b 5 60 00
30 Giant Powder Con -o o-u.
40 Giant Powder Con •« *ij?
25 Hana Plantation Co ._. -I m
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar »8 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 oO
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar »| 7o
GO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar o9 W
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar o» ijVi
$1000 3 P of A bonds }l} 55
5 Spring Valley Water 101 o0
180 Hutchinson S P Co 64 6V±
05 Hutchinson S P Co 64 M
110 Market Street Railway V,*- L
515,000 Nor Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds..loo .a
5 Oceanic S Co 62 7o
280 Oceanic S S Co ...63 00
Street— :. .
100 Anglo-Californlan Bank 64 00
10 Market Street Railway ?•••• 58 7o
INVESTMENT BOARD.
" „■- ; . Morning Session.
Board— • .v • r j.''~.7. |
40 Market Street Railway 5S 3<V4
50 Oceanic S S Co. s 10 62 00
45 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 56 s<i
100 Hutchinson S P Co 64 50
Afternoon Session.
40 S F Gas & Electric 88 00
20 Spring Valley Water V...101 50
30 Market Street Railway 58,50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 57 37>4
30 Hutchinson S P Co 64 62 1
Street—
50 Equitable Gaslight 8 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
100 Andes 03 100 Ophir 50
100 Gould & Curry. 25 100 Savage 12
300 Gould & Curry. 24 100 Seg Belcher 04
100 'Justice 16 600 Sierra Nevada.. 80
100 Kentuck 07 300 Tel low Jacket.. IS
Afternoon Session. .-.-'.
300 Alpha 051100 Occidental 110
100 Best & Belcher. 34 100 Potosl 16
100 Con Cal & Va..l 10 100 Sierra Nevada.. 80
100 Crown Point ... 16 300 Tellow Jacket.. 18
200 Hale & Norcns. 11| 60 Yellow Jacket.. 19
300 Mexican 301
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
250 Best & Belcher. 35 ! 300 Ophir ~..... 51
600 Challenge Con.. 16 300 Ophir 53
TOO Con Cal & Va.l 07M> 450 Sierra Nevada.. 80
200 Confidence 62:200 Union Con .... 11
900 Gould & Curry.. 23;-™ Utah 10
700 Mexican 291
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha Con .... 05 500 Potosi ....^. 16
300 Best & Belcher. 35 500 Sierra Nevada.. 80
600 Challenge Con.. IS 300 Sierra Nevada.. 88
300 Challenge Con.. 171 50 Sierra Nevada.. 81
200 Challenge. Con.. 19 200 Sierra Nevada.. 84
400 Con Cal & Va.l 07% 1 300 Union Con 15
200 Occidental 1101300 Utah 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.'- '
TUESDAY. Dec. 20.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha Con 04 . 05 Julia : — 02
Alta 07 08 Justice 16 17
Andes 04 05 Kentuck 08 10
Belcher 18 IS Lady Wash.... — 05
Benton Con .. 04 10 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 34 85 Occidental .... 95 —
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 52 53
Caledonia ...... 20 22 Overman 07 08
Chollar 15 161 Potosl 15 17
Challenge Con. 18 19 Savage 11 12
Confidence 62 —Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 05 110 Seg Belcher .. — 05
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 83 85
Crown Point .. 16 17 Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate -05 —
Eureka C0n.... 30 — Standard 230 —
Exchequer ._. — 02 Union Con .... 14 15
Gould & CurTy 24 28 Utah 10 12
Hale & Norcrs. 10 11 Yellow Jacket. IS 20
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
Day of
Sale.
Occidental
Potosi
Gould & Curry...
Overman
N. Gould & Curry
fnlon
Utah
Julia
Andes
31
51
85
1
21
57
29
29
47
..Nov. 28 ..Dec.
..Dec. 2 ..Dec.
..Dec. 5 ..Dec.
..Dec. 11 ..Jan.
..Dec. 18 ..Jan.
..Dec. 29|..Jan.
..Jan. 7:.. Feb.
..Jan. 29 ..Feb.
..Jan. 19].. Jan.
10
lu
18
06
10
15
06
M
OS
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry H. and Chester Hunt. Annie Warren
and Addie Ellis to A. S. Graham, lots 42 and
43, OL block D4B (same as in 1395 d 282); also
property in San Mateo; $1.
Leon and Veronica dl Nola to Frank J. Mer
schen lot on E line of Forty-flrst avenue. 150
8 of S street. E 120 by S 23; $10.
John W. Jones to Jacob Heyman, lot 560,
Gift Map 1; $10.
Carleton J. and Emma Clarke to Charles A.
and Loonie F. Gauder. lot on S line of Army
street. 2CS:6 E of Mission, E 50 by S 115, Pre
cita Valley Lands; $10.
Joseph Griffiths to Eva Griffiths, lot on E
line of State street, 300 N of Central. N 60 by
E 100, lots 17 and 18, block 36. City Land Asso
ciation; $200.
Alameda County.
C. H. and Kate B. King to James A. John
son, lot on NE corner of East Fifteenth street
and Eighth avenue, NE 60 by SE 129:3, East
Oakland: $10.
Lulu 8. and "William L. Taylor to Jessie E
Auseon (wife of P. H.), 27.276 acres beginning
at a point on SE line of Oakland avenue 1660 32
NE from NE line of main county road Oak
land to San Leandro, thence NE 2024 26 SE
616.75, SW 1900.78, NW 605.96 to beginning
Brooklyn Township: also lot on N line of West
Sixteenth street. 107:8 W of Kirkhain W E0 by
N 104:9, being lots 44 and 45, block 602 Scotch
ler Tract map 1, Oakland; also lot on NW cor
ner of West Tenth and Cypress streets, W 86 8
by N 100. block 558, Eighth-street Tract Oak
land; $2500.
Jessie E. and Perry H. Auseon to Lulu S
Taylor, lot on N comer of Franklin street and
Oakland avenue. NW 1270.72, NE 264 66 SR
501.45, SE 1046.77. SW 226.30 to beginning beiii X
block Y. Moss Tract. Brooklyn Township- also
lots 5. 6. 7. 17, 19 and 20. block A- lot 1 blnrk
E; lots 3. 8, 11. 12 and 22. block G: lots 7 and
8, block I; lot 2, block J; lots 9 and 10 block
X; lots 1 and 2. block N; lots 8 and 19' block
P; lots 1 and 2, block Q; lots 14, 15 and 16 block
R; lots 7 to 10, 11 and 2t, block S; lots 7' 22 20
and 11 block U; lots 6. 7. 24, 10 to 14 16 to' 20
block W, Brooklyn Township; also lots 5 6. i
13, 14, 22 to 26. block X. all in amended map of
Moss Tract. Brooklyn Township; also lot on S
line of Seventeenth street. 140 E of West Rtrept
E 50 by S 103:9. being lot 6. block F Oakland
Union Homestead Association lands Oakland
also lot on W line of Chester street 3S"?-Hi v
of Middle. N 50, W 107. S 60:8^. E 115-6 to be
ginning. Oakland; $2500. c
Edward Havey to Mary A. Havey lot on X
line of Alden avenue or Twenty-ninth street.
290 W of VI est street. W 50 hy N 140 being lot
18. block B, Brockhurst and Whitchor Tract
Oakland: $10.
Mary A. Havey to Edward Havey lot on N
line of Alden avenue or Twenty-ninth street
340 W of West street. W 50 by N 140. being lot
19, block B. Brockhurst and Whltcher Tract,
Oakland: $10.
Philip Bakar to Minna Bakar, lot on E line
of Jackson street. 66:8 N of Second N 33-4 by
E 75. blofk 13, Oakland: gift.
John and Wilhelmlna Mole to Emily K. La
tham, lot on W corner of Washington and
Bassett streets, NW 31 by SW 105, block 772,
to correct 547 d 57. Brooklyn Township: $1
John N. Gregg to P. C. and Annie Qlud. re
record 654 d 244, lots 14 and 15. Broadway Villa
Tract. Oakland Township; $300
G. L. and Emily A. Lewis to Clara A. Cook,
lot on E line of Chestnut street. 41:fi 8 of En
cinal avenue, S 25 by E 100; also lot on S line
of Enclr.al avenue. 100 E of Walnut street, X
50 by S 140: also lot on W line of Foley street.
100 S of Buena Vista avenue. S 50 by W 140.
Alameda; gift.
Catherine E. Marcy et al. (by commissioner)
to Hibernta Savings and Loan Society, lot on
N line of Santa Clara avenue. 156 E of Broad
way, E 50 by N 145:9; also lot on N line of
Santa Clara avenue, 100 E of Broadway. E 56
by N 145:9; also lot on E corner of Santa Clara
avenue and Broadway, SE 100 by NE 14J.:9.
block E. Hays and Caperton property, Ala
meda; $8143.
Builders' Contracts.
P. Maximilian Neumann (owner) with Rob-
•rt Trost (contractor), architect Brother
Adrian O F. M. All work for a 3-story brtclt
basement and attic school house on line com
mencing 110 E of SE corner of Leavenwortfc
street and Golden Gate avenue, S 137 :S by B
16 I,'udw'ig Schwabacher (owner) with Val Fran«
(contractor), architect R. H. White. All worlc
(except plumbing, painting, marble and tll»
work) for alterations and additions for a 2
storv and rough basement frame building on
NE 'corner of Clay and Gough streets. N 52: i
by E 110: $1495-
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
''Navigators Tare cordially invited to viglt th«
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest' to ocean commerce. .
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic ' signal re
ceived each day from the , United- States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was droppsi
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
- - W . S. HuGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
SIX, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
•WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 21.
Sun rises .....7:23
Sun sets - 4:55
Moon sets 1:22 a. nu
O [Time Time Tlmel ITlmel
g. i Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
!» H W L W -« W L, TV
21... 6:10 5.5 12:55 1.1 7:14 3.9
L. W H TV L. W H W
22 .. 0:16 2.2 6:55 5.6 1:55 o.s 8:24 }.g
23 ... 1:05 2.7 7:39 5.7 2:49 0.0 9:44 3.9
24*... 1:54 3.0 8:20 5.8 3:37—0.4 10:44 4.1
25 ... 2:42 3.1 9:iW 5.9 4:20—0.7 11:34 4.1
26... 3:28 3.2 9:39 6.8 4:89—0.8 ,
H TV L W H W 1, W
27 ... 0:18 4.3| 4:13 3.3 10:17 5.8 6:34 -Ji. B
NOTE— In the above exposition of the Ude«
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld»
and the laet or right hand column gtrea th«
last' tide of the day, except when there axe but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Klvt>n are additions to the soundings on th«
I'nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus p!gn (— ) precedes the height,
and thpn the number given Is subtracted from
the depth Riven by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
San Juan iPanama
Columbia Portland
Coos Bay .... Newport
Aloha Point Arena
Signal I Portland
Chilkat IHumboldt
Point Arena — (Point Arena
Alliance Oregon Ports
Empire Coos Bay
Mincola ITacoma
Walla Walla....! Victoria & Puget Sound
Corona |San Diego
Pomona iHumboldt
Bristol IDeparture Bay
Leelanaw j Seat tie
Fulton (Portland
Washtenaw ITacoma
Del Norte ;Tlllamook
Weeott jTaquina Bay
Orizaba Newport
Samoa 'Humboldt
State California I Portland
Arcata ICoos Bay
Wellington IDeparture Bay
Santa Rosa iSan Qiego
China China and Japan
North Fork IHumboldt
Umatilla ; Victoria & Puget Sound
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Santa RosalSan Diego Dec. 21. 11 am Pier 11
City PekinßiChlnaA JapanlDec. 21. Ipm PMSB
C. Nelson.. [Puget Sound.. Dec. 21, 10 amlPler 2
■ i iii in 'Coos Bay Dec. 21. 4 pm|Pler 13
Queen |V!c & P»rt Sd. (Dec. 22. 10 anVPier 9
Chllkat ....Humboldt ....|Dee. 22. 2 pm! Pier 13
Aloha (Point Arena.. [Dec. 22, 3 pmjPler 1
Coos Bay... (Newport (Dec. 23, 9 amlPler 11
Columbia ..IPortland (Dec. 24. 10 amiPler 24
Pt. Arena.. |Polnt Arena.. Dec. 24, 3 pmfPter S
Gaelic Chlna&Japan Dec. 24, 1 pmiPMSS
Alliance ...'[Oregon Ports. Dec. 24. 10 amPler M
Corona San Diegro IDec. 25, 11 amiPler H
Pomona ....Humboldt ....jDec. 25. 2 pm!Pler 9
Orizaba 'Newport |Dec. 27, 9 amiPler 11
Walla Wall' 1 Vie & Pgt Sd. lDec. 27, 10 amjPler 9
Weeott 'Taqulna Bay.i Dec. 27
Blgnal ..V..iGrays Harbor|Dec. 27 j
City Para. .'Panama 'Dec. 2S, 12 mPMSI
Ala'meda ...iSydney Dec. 28, 2 pm^Pler T
State of Cali Portland ]Dec. 29, 10 ami Pier 24
..
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 20, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING intelligence:.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. December 20.
Stmr Progreso, Gllboy.l 106 hours from Se
attle.
SUnr South Portland. Daniels. ]70 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 65 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Cleone. Miller, 45 hours from Crescent
City.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, December JO.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Anderson, Seattle; E T
Kruse.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Hlnkle. Astoria; OR*
N Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Fr bark President Thlers. Obalskl. Liverpool |
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Br ship Merioneth, Rowlands. Portland; J J
Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, December 20.
Stmr Scotia, Lundqulst.
Stmr Newburg. Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr George Loomis, Brldgett. Ventura.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Crux.
Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel.
Schr Sparrow, . Dart, Eureka.
Schr Nettle Low. Low. Point Reyes.
CHARTERS.
The C B Kenney loads coal at Seattle for thla
port; C S Holmes and Repeat, lumber at Port
Blakeley for Honolulu; Endeavor, lumber, at
Port Gamble for Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 20, B p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south; velocity IS milm.
SPOKEN.
Nov 4. lat 6S. long 30 W— Br ship Drum
burton, from London for Vancouver.
Oct 29, lat 3 N, long 26 W— Ship Susquehanna,
from Norfolk for Manila.
Nov 16, lat 36 B. long 1. W— Ship Jame«
Drummond, from Philadelphia = for San Fran-
CISC °" . DOMESTIC POR-S.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec Stmr Weeott.
b8 Bar bo^n" Dec 20-Stmr Alliance and stmr
p mr ,i r . fnr San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES-Arrived Dec 20-Br ship
Montgomeryshire, from Yokohama.
PfVRT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 20-Br ship
Lvnton from Yokohama; bark Sea King, from
Honolulu: Br bark Gwydyr Castle, from Pa
"ffieTup n c g 2^-B 1 r O Th^ a sp U r?n bank. henc.
Massed"" oo TvT vu a t C °De c 20-Bark Levl G Burge,..
»r-«m Tneomai for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW-Arrlved Dec 20-Ship Flor
enh d X 2O^-s"chr Mildred, for Honolulu.
PORT GAMBLE— '.rrived Dec TO-Bktn J M,
Griffith, hence Nov 30; schr Endeavor, from!
PEL-REP EL-REK IAI A- I Dec .20-Stmr. 20-Stmr Chllkat;
GRAYS C HARBOR — Arrived Dec 20-Schr
("has R Wilson, hence Dec 13.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 19— Schr Peerless, fm.
bailed Dec 19— Bark Levl G Burgess, for San
F Se'aTTLE — Arrived Dec 20— Ship Luclle.
hence Dec 1; bark B P Cheney, hence Dec 11;
»tmr Al-Ki. from Dyea; bark Chas B Kenney,
from Honolulu. . - . ..
Sailed Dec 20 — Stmr Leelanaw, for San Fran
° SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 20— Schr Alice, for '
Eureka. EASTERN PORTS. I
NEW YORK— Dec 19— Stmr Finance,
for Colon. " ' •
FOREIGN PORTS.
CARDlFF— Arrived Dec 17— Br ship Comlle
bank, from Tacoroa. ' ' ■■
: IQUlQUE— Arrived Dec, 19— ship Claver- ;
don. from Tacoma. ■ <" , ■ ■ 'ffi
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 19— Br .' ship
Euphrates, hence Aug 20. ;
CALCUTTA— SaiIed Dec - 17— Br , ship Slerr* "
Nevada, for San Francisco. -•■ • '. ' •
MANILA— Sailed Dec I— V S stmr Nero,. for
San i Francisco. Dec 15— Stmr Ohio, for San
Francisco. • -.-' '. : . ;.
■ SYDNEY— SaiIed Dec — , stmr Marl poea, . for
San ■ Francisco. / " • .- '-■■■. .. t .
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Dec Stmr Victoria,
for Tacoma; Br : stmr Doric,-, for Saa Fran- "•
dsco. -v:. ?-.■■-:- -,■, ;-.,:.:"■; ■...- -■
- NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed D*o " 19— Bktn
Jane L Stanford, for Honolulu.AMERICAN
IDEAS FAST
TAKING ROOT
Volunteers at Manila Pro
vide Themselves With
Luxuries,
Prize Fights Included Among the
Diversions of Life in the
Barracks.
BY CORPORAL FRED A. HEALY.
Fpecial Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA, Nov. 12.— Rumors of all sorts
of trouble with France, Russia, Ger
many and any other old power float
among the soldiery down here as thick
ly strewn on the tide of conversation
ag refuse on the Pasig River. "We hear
that 6000 men are now on their way to
reinforce us and that more are to come
In the near future. All this may be so
or it may not be so. The First Cali
fornia may have to take the field at any
moment or it may remain in garrison
until the end of its two-year term of
enlistment— all these future events are
mere possibilities and as uncertain as
the loveof a Filipino coquette. Tho boys
are sure of only one thing— that they
have good quarters for the time being
and, whether they remain where they
BOW are for ten minutes or ten months,
they are going to get as much pleasure
out of their habitat as possible and sur
round themselves with all the comforts
jxuries known at home which are
' capable of crude imitation down in this
Go<f-forsaken island.
I "nsequent upon this determination
there have sprung up within the con
fines of our barracks various Industries
which cater to either the cleanliness, |
the conceit or the appetite of the regi- !
ment at so much per cater. Each one j
of these industries does a thriving busi- i
ness and adds not a little to the month- \
ly income of its owner or owners. A j
peculiar thing to be noted in connec- j
tlon with these evidences of American i
j rogressiveness is the fact that, in nine '
- out of ten, a man will take up a
business and do well at an employment
that he has never touched before in his '■
and which is entirely foreign to !
hing he has ever before experi- \
Thus the first laundry in camp was
rted by Tom Sullivan of Company ,
prominent member of the Cosmos !
■iher clubs, known at home for his j
shrewd business ability and as one of
the city's bon vivants. Sullivan's ex- i
ample has been followed by a lawyer
and an electrician in Company D and
by a theological student in Company
H. Each of these four laundries does
a rushing business, notwithstanding
the Filipino competition they are
obliged to meet.
There are already two bootblack :
stands within the regimental quad
rangle presided over by a medical stu
dent and a former bookkeeper, re
spectively, while a third is in process
of construction and will soon be oper
ated Ly a gentleman who in civil life
was a lily of the valley, leaving to
others the tasks of weaving and spin- i
ning.
A pie oven is in course of construc
tion and that thoroughly American del
icacy will soon grace the company
board, if the companies come up with
the requisite amount of dinero.
One regular tailor shop and about
twenty individual concerns, consisting
in each case of from one to three men
handy with the needle and shears, look
after the apparel of our military "Beau
Brummels, while every man who owns
a razor has started a barber shop.
Journalists are counted by the hundred.
No previous experience in the news
paper office Is at all necessary. All a
man has to do is to pay for printing
and his paper is started. What he has
printed is a secondary consideration.
This applies to those journals outside of
military circles even more than those
whose editorial criticisms are circum
scribed by gold braid and stripes.
A magazine is being started by some
of the boys in C Company and will put
forth its first issue next week. One of
the proprietors told me yesterday that
hp had never seen the inside of a maga
zine office in his life, but modestly ex
plained that he intended to commence
n only a small way— something the size
4 f Harper's or Llppincott's, for in
tance.
1 dislike to speak of myself, in my
Dwn articles, but in connection with the
ftrange boughs upon which we army
birds r<i>n=.t I may say that I myself am
acting a.«= assistant to our chaplain,
Father McKinnon. This Is humorous,
but it is a fart.
The contemplated prizefight, of which
I wrote in a former letter, came off
yesterday afternoon and was a regula
tion Han Francisco affair in every par
ticular. By this I mean that there was
more wait than fight; more promised
than performed, and the crowd passed
out at the conclusion of the perform
ance feeling satisfied that it had re
ceived about one-half of one per cent
l&oisi', ADVERTISEMENTS.
HB+H+B+C+R+n+B+B+B+H+B+B+H+H+B+n+E+B+B+B+BH
WEAK MEN
/f~~^\ Young or O!d,
r: ' iM Who would speedily regain (heir former rigor
p jp^t} f£2B should wear
Vk ( "^Jra DR. PIERCES FAMOUS
\OW ELECTRIC BELT AND SUSPENSORY!
■ /2%&MSi''? Kj %\ v No drugs necessar/. Electricity does th»
& work - Thousands have been cured. Buy no
\W&£ < belt till you see "OR. PIERCES."
\tTO»WPfe%llt«ft\» E7 Call at the office or send 2c in stamps
l#^»w for "PAMPHLET No. 2." " dnss ■
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
.. . ..^^^^|lr 620 Market Street (opp.P»iM» H«teu San Francisco.
lof its moneys worth. A good pro-
I gramme had been arranged, but vari
| ous causes combined to upset it com
■ pletely. To commence with two of th^
princlpal men were missing, owing to
d< :ith -McMurry of the Colorados hav
inff been drowned while swimming in
the I'asig and Cook of the California*
j having died from dysentery. Jones was
substituted for Cook and Richards took
McMurry*B place. The preliminaries
did not amount to a row of pins, savins
in the case of Porter, a former member
; of the Manhattan Athletic Club, who is
a very clever man and would have put
up a good scrap if he had been let
! alone.
When the first event was called Mona
han's second appeared and announced
that his man refused to go on until he
received his money. He was told that
I the purse was in the hands of an Ex
i aminer representative, whereupon he
j became more steadfast than ever in his
j determination not to fight unless paid.
; The event was then declared off. Mona
: han has attended baseball games at
| home.
The second event was started and
promised to be lively. The provost
marshal saw this and at once had it
stopped. He did not want the soldiers
brutalized by the sight of blood.
The third event was progressing j
[ splendidly when one man clasped his
stomach and claimed a foul a la Shark
ey. The fight was at once stopped and
the decision given to Cavanagh. the
man accused of having committed the
fottL This finished the first great sport
ing event in Manila and the spectators
—Spaniards and Americans, Filipinos
and Chinese, soldiers and civilians, pri
vates and non-coms, line and staff offi
cers — filed out in a trance, grasping for
the large Mexican silver dollars that
had formerly rested in the pockets of
their jeans.
But to turn from tales of carnage to
the more alluring delights of domestic
ity. The boys are now, for the first
time since their departure, comfortably
quartered, well-clothed and— well,
I'll say nothing of the food. They oc
cupy the barracks on the east side of
the river near the suspension bridge,
which in ante-bellum days were used to
house the Infantaria Marina, Spain's
crack infantry regiment. The quarters
are large, airy and comfortable. Each
man has a bed (something to be ap
preciated when one has been for
months sleeping in mud or on anything
from a cobble stone to a bamboo) and
a mosquito net. The latter article is
well nigh indispensable in this country,
where the number of asserted species of
bugs and insects is only excelled by
the number of different species of chil
dren. Connected with the barracks is
a bathing house containing seventeen
showers and four immense tubs. This
is a perfect godsend, as we have more
than felt the want of proper bathing
facilities ever since we first landed in
Cavite. The boys fairly revel in the
' showers, so much so that there is hard
ly a fellow in the regiment who takes
not, at least, two or more baths a day.
The people at home have heard of the
patience, courage, constancy and other
soldierly qualities of the regiment
which they sent forth to uphold the
honor of their nation and their State.
•: There is another side to the regiment
' equally replete with honor to the dcoplo
it represents. The estimation in which
a regiment is hold can bo largely judged
from the position which is assigned to
it, everything else being equal. There
are nearly 14,000 troops now in garrison
here. Some regiments are represented
:in one department of this semi-civil
government, some in another. The Cal
ifornia boys are everywhere.
Their colonel, at present acting as
commander of the First Brigade, is the
president of the military commission
created for trying the most imr>ortant
cases against the United States Gov
ernment, such as sedition, treason, con
spiracy, etc. Two other officers of the
regiment sit with him on the commis
sion.
The general court martial, to which
; come all the cases of our division, has
■ sitting In judgment six Fir£t California
j officers, with .. president in the person
i of Lieutenant Colonel Duboce. at pres
, ent acting as colonel of the resriment.
The postoffice Is under the charge of
Lieutenant Seeley, who marches under
the banner of the bear. With him are
several more Californians.
The entire school and cemetery de-
I partments are taken care of by our
: chaplain. Father McKinnon.
The sanitary department, whose work
can be noticed from day to day in the
I improved condition of the streets and
j cleanliness, which is extending on all
; sides and which employs about 1000
men and makes use of a hundred carts
i and half as many barges, is superin
tended by Lieutenant Tobln. formerly
of the San Francisco health office.
Law Is represented by Lieutenant
THE SAX FKAyCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
West, who is appointed to defend those
■who come under the frown of justice.
Lieutenant James H. Jordan is chief
architect. In the office of the Collector
of the Port, in the custom house, in the
Board of Health, in the Captain of the
Port's office, in the commissary, in the
quartermaster's, in fact in all places
which need men of education and intel
ligence representatives of the First Cal
ifornia Volunteers will be found. En
listed men as well as officers attest by
the excellence of their work the high
standard their regiment has assumed.
Twenty-five men from Company B,
under the command of Lieutenant
Ramra, have been assigned as a guard
at the lighthouse of Pandacan. They
will be relieved in turn by details from
other companies.
Last Sunday Colonel Smith and all of
the officers not on duty took a trip to
the head of the Pasig River and acro&s
the immense fresh water lake at its
head, from which it has it 3 source.
The trip was undertaken with the dual
idea of obtaining a little relaxation
and affording the officers a chance to
acquaint themselves with the lay of
the country in case they have occasion
to look after Mr. Aguinaldo in that pun
of Luzon. The trip was an entire suc
cess and much information was ob
tained which will be invaluable in Case
we are forced to undertake a cam
paign.
Dr. O'Brien, having performed his oik
month of service in the smallpox hos
pital, has once more returned to the de
lights of Manila life and is quartered
with the Oregonians, whose surgeon
has been ordered to take Dr. O'Brien's
place in the hospital. I understand th^i
a surgeon from each command will lake
a month uf this unpleasant and danger
ous duty in turn.
Canteens have been established in
the regiment. They are two in number,
tastefully fitted with a large room and
a long bar for the men and a smaller
private room for the officers. Canteen
checks are issued to the men in an*
amount up to $5 and are charged
against them on payday when their
salaries are drawn. Tho boys each
take a turn at tending bar and wljen
the regiment returns home there will
be no lack of experienced "mixers" in
San Francisco. All sorts of liquor, both
hard and soft, is sold, cigara and
tanned goods are likewise obtainable.
In fact most anything one needs can be
obtained at the canteen, from a brandy
and soda or a box of blaokin? to v.
bobtailed monkey or a wai of spiritual
grace.
Company dining rooms have been es
tablished throughout the entire bar
racks, so now the boys who once ate
their hard tack and drank their coffee
while sitting in three inches of water
and mud experience the luxury of sit
ting on benches and eating from plates
which are white, though plain, placed
on boards which atone by their
smoothness and cleanliness for the lack
of a table cloth.
To sum up the situation in a few
words, we are as comfortable as cir
cumstances will permit and well pro
vided for in every way, save in the mat.
ter of food, which is abominable.
Before I close I must touch on one
subject which I would fain pass by and
which I have purposely left to the last
owing to the reluctance with which I
speak of it at all. I mean that portion
of the news which relates to the sick,
the dying and the dead.
Ercry precaution that humanity can
suggest is taken; every result that
science can achieve has been accom
plished, yet the hospitals are crowded
to their utmost capacity and the burial
ground continues to increase the num
ber of its headstones day by day.
Since my last article two more of rmr
regiment have been mustered out for
ever and others are hourly awaiting
the orders which will summon them to
their eternal home. The two deaths I
refer to are those of Sergeant Charles
Lemon of Company B and Private W.
D. Cook of Company F.
Sergeant Lemon was an old National
Guardsman and probably one of the
best known members of that organiza
tion in the city. He entered the First
California at the time of the reorgani
zation as a private; was made a corpor
al shortly before the call came for vol
unteers and was promoted to the rank
of sergeant during the present cam
paign. He was well known in business
circles at home and his death will be
greatly felt on the borderland of two
seas.
Private Cook was an excellent sol
dier, a good comrade and a man. He
was a crack athlete and one of the last
men we expected to lose through ill
ness. Both deaths were directly due
to that dysentery which has carried
off so many of our boys.
It is a strange fact that Death in
recruiting his ranks seems able to
choose and have his call responded to
by the- very best among us. In almost
every case those to go were the ones
we could least afford to spare. It mat
ters not whether Death's summons
comes in the shape of conflict, accident
or disease, it is invariably answered
by the very flower of our chivalry.
Hcrmita Hospital, which was
started by Colonel Smith and Dr. Mc-
Carthy, is doing splendid work under
the supervision of Dr. Farrell. It is
an ideal place for convalescents, and
the care taken of our boys who are sent
there is manifested by the condition in
which they are returned to their com
panies.
In connection with Dr. Farrell and
the work he has done down here. I hope
The Call will do him the .justice to
mention his services on the night of the
battle of Malate. In all the reports I
have seen of that affair he seems to
have been entirely overlooked. On the
night of July 31 Dr. Farrell had entire
charge of the field medical staff. Ex
posing himself with an utter disre
gard for his own safety he accom
plished the duties entrusted to him so
well that within an hour after the fir
ing had ceased there remained not a
single wounded man who had not been
attended to. In pursuance of his duty.
Dr. Farrell went further than he was
obliged to, and the hottest portion of
the fight found, him attending to the
wounded on the very top of the
trenches.
Owing to the crowding of the Red
Cross and other convalescent hospitals.
a number of our sick have been sent
aboard the Scandla'to recuperate on
the health-giving sea breezes that
sweep in from the ocean. Amnn" these
patients was Lieutenant Fred Dohr
mnn, our regimental quartermaster.
who has now returned to us looking as
strong and fit as a three-year-old, and
with not a trace of the dread typhoid
left to remind him of the narrow es
cape he had from death.
HEUREAUX IN GOOD HEALTH.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, Dec. 20.—
There is no ground whatever for the ru
mor that President Hcureaux of the re
public of Santo Domingo has been assas
sinated. General Heureaux arrived this
morninff at Jacmel, about thirty miles
southwest of Port au Prince, and 1b in ex
cellent health.
To Consider Nicaragua Canal.
WASHINGTON, Deo. 20.— The Com
merce Committee of the House decided
to-day to take up the Nicaragua canal
question on the second Tuesday in Jan
uary. There will be no hearings, as the
committee believes it has all needed in
formation. The matter will be taken up
without reference to any special bill, all
pending measures being considered. The
committee fixed January 6 for passing
on the pure food bill.
To Succeed Searles.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— 1t is understood
that William B. Thomas of Boston will
succeed Mr. Searles as treasurer of the
Sugar Company. Thomas, who is said to
be worth $2"».000.000. was formerly owner of
the Standard Refinery in Boston. Lowell
M. Palmer, who Is to take Searles' place
in the board of directors, may become his
successor as secretary also, it is said.
■ ♦ ■ — — ■; ■■■
Sanborn, Vail & Co. have opened up
this week over 200 styles of celluloid al
bums and toilet cases. It is-the.: only
retail j collection ,of ; celluloid tollfet cases
In the ■ city ; containing nrst-clasa \ fittings*
WILL REPORT THE
NEW ARMY BILL
House Military Commit
tee So Decides.
THE VOTE ON PARTY LINES
MINORITY WILL ALSO MAKE
SOME RECOMMENDATIONS.
Hull's Plan of Reorganization Is Ap
proved, but Many Changes in
Various Departments
Are Made.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 20.— The House
Committee <y» Military Affairs com
pleted consideration of the army re
organization bill to-day and ordered it
reported to the House. The most im
portant changes made to-day were
those fixing fifty years as the age limit
for the appointment to the several staff
corps, and adding a new provision for
100 army dentists, with the rank of first
lieutenants.
Many changes in rank were made in
the staff corps, in the judge advocate
general's office the number of colonels
being fixed at five instead of two, as
first proposed. Provision also was made
that new appointees be given the lower
places. In the Quartermaster's Depart
ment the colonels were reduced from
ten to eight and the places of lower
rank increased. In the Commissary De
partment the force is increased ma
terially from that first contemplated,
particularly in the lower grades, the
captains being increased from twenty
seven to thirty-seven. There is an in
crease in rank in the Engineer Depart
ment, the lieutenant colonels being in
creased from fifteen to twenty, majors
from twenty-five to thirty-six and cap
tains reduced from fifty-seven to forty
one. In the Ordnance Department the
changes are toward the increase in
officers of higher rank. The provision
allowing 25 per cent extra pay for serv
ice in outlying islands was made to in
clude Alaska.
The age limit of fifty, which had been
fixed for appointment to the Judge Ad
vocate, Quartermaster's, Commissary
and Pay departments, was amended so
that the age limit will not apply to
those who served in the civil war or
the Spanish war or to officers now in
the regular army.
A new section was inserted making
the chief of the record and pension of
fice a brigadier general, with an as
sistant having the rank of lieutenant
colonel. Section 18 of the Hull bill was
struck out entirely. It limited the age
of appointees as second lieutenants un
der the provison of the several acts and
also placed an age limit of forty years
on chaplains.
In the pay corps forty-seven majors
were substituted for thirteen majors
and thirty-four captains as first pro
vided in the Hull bill. The signal corps
appointments weie opened to those
from civil life as well as the volunteers.
The number of chaplains was increased
from thirty to forty. A provision was
made that assistant surgeons shall pass
a satisfactory examination instead of
competitive examination as at present.
The final vote on reporting the bill
was 8 to 5, on party lines, as follows:
Ayes— Hull Marsh, Griffin, Ketchum.
Fenton, Belknap. McDonald and
Brownlow, Republicans. Noes — Sulzer,
Cox, Lentz, Hay and Jett, Democrats.
Marsh, while voting for the bill, re
served the right to oppose some of its
features on the floor. The minority gave
notice of a minority report and a sub
stitute bill. The main feature of the
substitute bill will be a standing army
limited to that existing before the re
cent war and authority to the President,
to enlist a large temporary force, prob
ably 50,000 men, for service in outlying
territory. __ ___________
CROSSED ENGLISH CHANNEL.
Andree's Idea of Steering a Balloon
Successfully Used.
LONDON, Dec. 21.— Yesterday a balloon
which ascended at the Crystal Palace,
Sydenham, London, crossed the English
Channel to Fecamp, France, about twen
ty-seven miles northeast of Havre.
Tho Daily Chronicle, which had a man
on board, claims to have successfully used
Professor Andree's idea of steering a
balloon. _
HOBSON'S WESTERN TRIP.
DENVER, Colo., Doc. 20.— Lieutenant
Richmond P. Hobeon will arrive in Den
ver at 4:05 Wednesday morning on Union
Pacific train No. 3 and leave for San
Francisco on No. 1 at 6:45 p. m. While In
the city he will deliver his lecture on the
sinking of the Mcrrlmac, for the benefit
of the Soldiers' Aid Society.
Bishop Pikhon and Staff Coming*
CHICAGO. Dec. 20.— The Most Rev. Mr.
Pikhon, Bishop of the Russian church in
Alaska and the Aleutian islands, and his
staff of four ministers— the" Rev. M. Bie
lowin, tho Rev. N. Griwski, the Rev. J.
Saroke and the Rev. A. Napoli— who have
been in Chlcagd a flay or two us the
guests of the Russian Consul, Baron
Schlippenbach, left on the overland and
limited of the Northwestern road at 6:30
this evening for San Francisco. The
Bishop, who recently arrived in New York
from Russia, is on his way home.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENTFRKTOMEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a mo3t remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, lnd. It
cured so many men -who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual wcakn<- ..■■. resulting
from youthful ■ folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cur»
themselves at home. .
, The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has beer, an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. « The institute
is deelrous of . reaching . that great clas»
of men- who are unable to leave home, to
be treated and the free ;■ sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual v weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The. in-
etltute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes f will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in . a plain , package : so
that . its recipient need ■ have no ■ fear of
embarrassment . or. publicity. Readers are
requested- to write > without delay.
' • ■ ADVEETISEMENTS. ■ ' ____
BVH j / H9raß^SnK^n3^B^SBnScS9s / / '
£k Me smokee Sleal Loth Clarlina allee samee Mciican man."
1 Every progressive man —no matter |
ii what his race or nationality — will, sooner | |
| or later, find the best. This Chinaman |
3 " has found out — what a million men of i
1 as many minds have discovered before |;
B him— that > |
§ Seal of North Carolina |
I is the best smoking tobacco in the world. |:
|| "l"he Original Plug Cut— g
I I Always the same— I
§ M Mild and Cool. |
BS&BBffißßiSflßßflHßßS^f^ilflHßßßia
j^o^S^(^!k^ Doctor
gpSaf»MEYERB
W& s£sgtoJlijA Specialists for Hen
v.ll'Lj \^^y rur^ n ? ■wf*kneis aud coa-
\iiVrH' Tlity tavs the Urictt and
ill xs Iffl'l^M >0 p«p «y THlCttred<
CSTABLISHCD IT YtARS. _ AJ 1
- - Thou»*nu» oureo nt home.
ai: >tt«ri contiaeati»i. >o Charge for Consultation.
731 BAN fIaNCISCO I Elevat.r Entrance.
! Munyon'sHeadache and Indigestion Cure
' Is the only remedy on the market that
i •will cure every form of Headache in 3
1 to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
: ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
l>lCri VMM lost VIGOR.
js3Bst t —^•'AND MANHOOD
Kx3L**~\ Cure* Impotency Night Emissions 2nd wasting
Rfi|3fi diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or txcess and
T^. yJj indiscretion. ' A nerTctonic and biood-builde.-.
.\ "W*T Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
U JB-v, 7 ttcres the lire of youth. By tnail 500 per
P/Bk>^sL boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a writtea
Wlv^W x f:uaran ' cc l 0 cure or re ' unc 'h« money.
Ikrvita medical Co., CHnton « Jachson $ts., ChiQflj.
V, WL.KH BROS.. 33 Grant aye.. San Franc.tco.
M^yZ^L/ WHEN YOU
w^S^^^^k Require an ELEC-
l^^o^^^pTßlC BELT get "Dr.
Pierces and you will
r^^pT^ not be disappointed.
-ytsT" Call or address PIERCE \
' ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mark*' si. (opp. Palics Hote 1 ), S. F.
v^*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ra^!P Mi in I.*3* for tlie treatment of t'rlvate
K4jjtk.*W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
■ <?!*."» RI.AKNY ST. Established
St in 1«54 for the trpatruent of Private
SB I >Si>ii3es, Lost Manhood. Debility or
A disease body and mind ana I
USnwSl H sivln Dlteuscs. Tbedoctorcureswben
■ others fall. Try ulni. " Chnrgrea low
I'nrfp'rrnntrrii Callorwrlte.
i)r. J. !■'. mBBQjT. Kox 1957.aaq Franclsca
-X OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
fck Steamers leave ■ Broadway
, W!^^ wharf. San Francisco:
Kalcß^ For Alr..skan ports, 10 a. no..
, l**'S3Bl*a Dec. 2 7. 12. 17. 22, 27, Jan i.
' l&Hnl change at Seattle. ■.
! BKk^H^ai For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
IBflak ,i]lflf I O.), Port Townaend, Seattle.
r^^wfmttm^ Tacoma. Kverett, Anacortei
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
™ . 10 a. m., Dec. 2. 7, 12, 17. M,
rt T«n 1 and every flfth day thereafter.
-l'-^- .t Seattle to this cornpany'i steamers
ftTltska and'a N. Ky. at Acorn, to N, P. ,
R kr a KuVeka° U (Hunbnl C dt Bay^2 p. rr... Dm.
t 10. 15. 20. 26. 10, Jan. 1 *■ and every flfth day
•For^simta Cm*. Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayuco! Port Harford (San Lul. Oblspo).
Gavlota - Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Lob Angele^ and
NewDOrt 9 a m., Dec. i. 7, 11, 15, 1». .3. 17, n.
JarT 4 and every fourth day thereafter. :
For San Dle 8 0. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and *ff»*o«g &?s£\*&
every fourth day thereafter.^ • "-■'■
Fof Ensenada. Maedalena^Bay^San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. . Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Dec. 17, Jan. •
For further lnformntlon obtain folder. >•, .r
- The , company : reserves the : right -to chang*
without prevlouii notice steamers, sailing dates
•p^ kMlr« nf Sfldlnir.'' — • ' ' ' '■ _ .
j fIOKKT OjTFiOE-4 New Montsomery
«treet (l J alace Hotel). ■
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. AirU..
■ ■ .-.,10 Market St.. San Francisco.
COOK'S TOURS
—TO—
HA WAII
January 25, February 8, 22, March 5 and 22,
FARES $150 and $235.
All expenses Included : ' flrst-class throuEhb'ut.
Programmes free of .THOS. 1 COOK & SON..;
621 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
illy Can $1.50 pr Year
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique.
' (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS __,
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday 4^*?rt\
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North «d«K«a»
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE Dec 31
LA GASCOGNE Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
First-class to s Havre, $90 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-claas to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York
J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
. THE Oi R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST . STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 F.rst Class Including Berths
I HnU $8 Second Class and Meals.
j CO.LUMBIA sails Dec. 14 U
' STATE OF CAL. snlla Dec. I, 19 29
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, 'Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. • .
E. C. WARD, Genera! Agent,
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
• Superintendents.
Tne s - s - alameda
/flF»^BSaPH9lfiltf Balls via Honolulu and
IBf .a^WS/ |fc Auckland for Sydney
©■■■■MBfl The S. S. ALAMEDA
via Honolulu and
l*Ki Auckland for Sydney
y Wednesday. December
fS^Jf §fwm<vn|nj "s. a s. Australia
GflwJlllJlliy sallg for Honolulu
<2W*^ fOtnD3lZi{' u ' ednesda y' January
•XX V^lliyyim 1599, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
. 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office— Market st.. Pnn francls.^.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
S:4o a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.).
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
'•■■ ■•• ■■■■ Telephone Main 150 S.
BAiLROA7> TRAVEL.
CILIFOBNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LSSSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
, RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of. Market St.
PAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:S*.
1:30, 6:10. 6:80 p. m. . Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at V.U
and ll:J0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 1:90. 11:00 a, m.; 1:10. IA
• • 00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN • RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; li:4J.
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— trip* at
1:05 and 6:35 p. m. * -,-.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. I:4a.
J:00, 6:25 p. m. .
| Between San . Francisco and Schuetcen Park
same schedule as above. ' ' — ■■■,
Leave " ~ ; Arrtve I
Ean Francisco. In Effect San FrancUoa.
■■• October W. •
Week Bun- 1888. Bun- I Week
Day*. day*., Destination. da,,*. | Days.
f:|oam 8:00 am ' Novato, . 10:40 8:40
I:Sopm 9:loam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:23 ant
1 :10 pm S :00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:16 pm *:ii oat
■ - •■'• . . , ■-■■■' Fulton.
f'JOua Windsor. :. 10:S5aa
■ Healdsburtv
Lytton.
■ .. •• GeyservtU*. ■: ■ : •
l:(0pn 1:00 am verdalt. 7:3spra <:ttoa
-. ■ . Hopland and ,'•■...'
f^Oam 8:00 am Ukiah. .;., 7:35pm 6:23pm
1:10 am ■■ ■' '- • •■'■-■■ ■•' 10:2Saa*
"- 8:00 am GuernevlUe. 7:Jspm ■ -
t:80p»_ ■.- ■ •■■'■■- '"■-••• *:nt>m
I-Sdaxn 8:00 am Bonorna 10:40 am B:4oam
_ ■ . ■ - ■■ and .- ■■; •■■- •-■ ■ i .\ •
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:21
< •■SO am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:»0pm 6:00 pm _ ' 7:35 pm| 6:M pn»
Stages connect at Santa Ro*a for Mark West
Springs- at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
cerrille for Skaggs . Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers;, at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, KeUeyville, : Carlsbad
Bpring*. ~ Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Bprtngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wlttsr
Springs. T'pper Lake, •* Porno. ' Potter Valley.
t John • Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell'*,
Eanhedrln Heights. vtlle, Boonevllle. Orr's
Hot eprlngs. Mendoclno City, Fort : Braes.
i Weslport, Usal,' Willitts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng'*. Bell's ; Spring*. Hani*. Olsen's. Dy«r,
Scotia and .-Eureka. , : :• - •
.» Saturday ;to ' Monday round trip tickets 'at
reduced rates. •- ................ .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond ban Rafael at half rates. .
Ticket O/flees. ISO Market st.. Chronicle bids.
B C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
~MjJ..T TiuULPAIS SCEKIcIaSSayT".
. (Via . Sausallto Ferry) • • - '
i Leave . San . Francisco, - commencing Sunday.'
Bept. 11, 1898: - ..;.-.;- ■ : '..■ . :■; ..• ■-;■ ■ 
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m. ■ ,
Sundays— B :o0 k 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
'• Round trip from Mill Valley, 81. ••:•.,■■• ■
. THOS. ■ COOK A SON, Agent*, - 611 Market
I street, San _ Francisco.^..^--j^g&HKf*^
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE OF ROAD CARTS
£?* £a
WEDNESDAY.- DECEMBER 21. AT 11 A. M.
At GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET.
By order of Studebaker Bros.
We will sell 23 Road Carts, more or les3 dam-
aged In transportation by railroad.
Also at same time and place Horses, Wagons,
Buggies. Harness, etc.. etc.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
RAILUCAD TBAVEL. . .
KOITIIKKN |-A«I»IC CUaiI>ANT.
' (rACino SVIITICM.)
Ti 'nlna lenvv mi. l iii«- <tui> hi nrrlve nl •
NAN I'KANCINCO.
(MainLine, Foot of Market Street)
iKAVt — FnoM Dec 18, 1898. — arbitb
•flldo* Nil«s, San Jose and Way Stations... •SiiSl
7:<>o.t nlcia, Suisuu and Sacramento.... S:43p
7:UOa MarjsvlUe, Orovilleaml Heildlug via
Woodland Si**r
- 7:90 a. Elmira, VaoaTille and Rumsey S:lsp
' 7 :3Oa n'artii^ez. San ltkmon, Vallejo. Kapa,
CalUtogn aud Santa Rosa 6ilsp
S:OOa Atlantic Kxprcss, Ogdeu and Kust.. B<l."ir
s>:li<>A Sail .Jose, Livermore, Mlockt.on,
lone, Sacramento, Flacenille,
MuryKTillf, Chico, lte.l 111iiir...... J:l»r
. S::iO* 'Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... -lilSi-
9:UUA Martinez, Tn.cy, Latbrop, Htockton,
Merced »nd Fresno 12:1 5p
U:«M>A Fresno, Uakerslinld. Santa lUrliara.
Los Angeles, DeoitDg, Xl Paao,
New Orleans and Kast 6j45p
' IO:»«a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations ?:43p
12:OOm Nlles, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Hanford, Visilia,
PtrterTiUo ■; 4:15r
•liOOr Sacranipnti) Ulvcr Stemiiors 'SiOOp
l:oiii' Martinez., Kan Kamoii, Vallejo,
Najia, i;ali«tiiii«., .SauU 1tn5a...... »:13a
4:00r Bcnlcia, VacoTllle, Saer»niento,
Wooillsnd, Kulgbts Lauding.
MarysYiUe. Oro»ille IO:4»a
4:»0p Nile*. San Jose aud Stockton TlMt
S:OOpSan Francisco and Lus Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfield, Los
Angeles 9:45*.
5:30f Stockton, Merced, Fresno l»:ISp
S:3Op Martinez, Traor, Mondota, Fresno, '-•■•-_>•
Mujare, Sauta Ilarbara and l.ns
Angeled »iI»A
Pscinc Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fork Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louts, Chicago and East §6:43r
stBUp SHiita F« Jdmto. Atlnntlc Kxpreu
for Mojiite and IC»st 0:43p
WiOOi- Kirroßaau Mull, Ogiten and Kast.... Oi4»a
0:011 1' Hay wards, Miles and San J05e...... 7i4.?a
•»:«» r Vallejo ......: 12:13*
{7:« Op Valiejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t»:l»r
MtOOr Oregon ISxiirnim.Maoraniento, M-trjn-
»illc Tlodiliiitf. I'i.ili.ii.l, l'uget
..■;-■• •■■' - . SoiiniUnd Kaab 8«13A
al0:03p Samet Limited. Fresno. l<os
Angeles, El Puo, New Orleans
and East tl:!sp
SAS I.KAMMtO AM) lUVHAKOS MM!AI..
( Foot of Market Street.) •
1 JHelroHfl, Sfinliiarr I'ark,
* 8:OOa Kltchbnrpr, Klitiiiurit. ' 6i«3a
<O:OOa San l.*nn«lro, Sonlli Saii <*ox4»a
*lO.OOa I.f&ndrO, Katadlllo, 10:43 a
tl 1:00 a • lioreuro, Cherry l«s«p
8:«0p aa( j tU4*r
«*22! lla ar.l«. I **|J
7:O0p t Ruus through to Nlles. . 7I 1> "
J t From Nlles. J. ■
COAST DIVISION (N»rro\T (Jniiß«).
(Foot of Market, Street.! _
MilSa Newark,C»nterTille.San Jow,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crui and Way
Stations.. «:5O»
•2:1 5p Newark, Oenternlle, San Jose, Now
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creole.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way .
» Stations «I«:5Oa
4:13p Newark. San Jose and Los Oatoii... 0:20 a
f11:43p Hnnters' Excursion, San Jose s>n<J
Way Sutions ■■/■■-■ i'&»T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from Silt rRHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 II:OtU.M. tl:00 •2:00 J3:00
•4:00 t8:00 *6:oor.*i.
.'romOiKUKD— foot »rßroiJw»j.— "«:oo 8:00 10:00*.ir.
J12:00 '1:00 t3:00 *3:00 11:00 ; "5:00 p.m.
CO AM 111 VISION Broad Uanfre).
(Third and Townsend St-<.) _
7:00 a San .Jone ami Way Stiitl..ns (New "
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:3Or
O:«Oa San .lor.-. Trm I'iniw. s-n.t.i Crnr.,
. I'iu-iilc (inivn, Pasu Hobles, Ssn
Luis <»>isi«>. Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stmlmis 4ilOP
lOt4OA Smi .Inse suit) Way Stations 'SiWOA
I1:SOa Ban J..se and Way Htatiuns 8:33 a
*'-li43rSan Mateo, • Uedwood, Manlo Park, "
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, SairJttue, '
ailrny, Hulllster. ■ Santo -Crux,
. < ' Balinas, Mouterey and Pacliic
Or.»»o # IO:8«A
•Xi3Op Sau J<we and Way Stations *B:OOa
• l:I3i- San Jowaud Princip&l Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:OOp San Jose aod Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
3»8Op Han Joie an.l Principal Way Stations O:3Op
o:.'tOr San Joseand Wayßtatloun 7-.:i«»p
|li:43p Bau Jose and Way Stations... li3Op
~~- A for Morulng. P for Aftomoon.
• Mmtrlayt ejeepted. t Sundays only. ' Saturdays only
ifMondays and Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturdays.
Saturdays and Wednesdays. tTLnrsdays and Sundays.
Tlie I*A(!IFH'TU.tHNM{K€Oni'ASir
«7n call for and check baggage from hotels and resi-
dences F.nqnlr* of Ticket Agents for Time Cards an*
ott>»rlif'rmaMf«i.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
NEW TRAIN SERVICE.
San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited.
Commencing SUNDAY, Dec. ! 18 r 1898
THE OWL
WILL, LEAVE SAN FRANCISCO 5:00 P. M.
WILL- LEAVE LOS ANGELES 7:00 P. M.
California
Limited
Santa Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chlcagroat 9:62 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
. and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
; and Wednesday. :.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCESCO TiCKEIIFTICE— MARKET SI, •
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 X.
Oakland. Office— lllB Broadway. ■
Saoramento Offioß— J Street. ' .
■ San J»se Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. -- • . •- >
FKOM' SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VAL.L.EI
AND BAN RAFAEL. v
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. *9:*>. U:IM a. m.; *1:U,
1:45. 6:15. *«:00, 6:10 p. m. . . .- . »
I EXTRA TRIPS— For Sao Rafael on Mondmy.
! Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
'SUNDAYS— »B:OO, •X0;00, Ul:» a. m.; »1:U,
1:00. *4:30, 6: IS p. m.
! Trains narked * run to San Quentln.
■ ritOM SAN RAFAFL TO SAN FRANCIO£(X
; tfKEK DAYS— S:26. 'SiM. 7:46. *9:30 a. m.j
! 11:20. 2:20.-*3:43, -6:05 p. m.
! EXTRA TRIPS r,n • Mondays, Wedueadaxa
and Saturdays at 6:40 urn.- .„
SUNDAYS— «:2O. •8:0o7' «10:00. *ll:SS a. m.|
•1:1*. *t:l«. *:*, *6:20 p. m. , -
. Trains marked * start (rom San QuT.tln. ■
FROM MILL VAIXKY TO BAN FRANCiaCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:46. 7:56, 8:49 a. tn.;
M:SS, 2:45 1:60. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. -
BUNDAYS-8:00. 10: OS a. m. : 12:05. 1:20. If.
t:«U. 1:20 p. m. ■ ' - < =
■-:--. . THRCUOH TRAINS.
T:2oa, m. week Cazadero and way sta'aa.
. 1:45 p. m. Baturdayj— Duncan Mills and way.
<~v.-:. stations. ...-■■..'.■■ :■..■•.'• >-.-.
1:00 a. m. Sunday*— Duncan Mills and way sta's. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIR
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. tl
From Nov. 10. 1898, trains will run asfoiiows^
_Sduth-bouiid. : t North-bound.;; !
H Passen- Mixed. If ll^- l*M«en-
■ - * gtr. * I Sunday - - ' ■ Sunday «■ ger. j
Dally. Kxc" pto - Stations. . Exc'pta Dally.
1:20 l"*)am Stockton-/ J:4spm 5:50 pm
10:10 am 2:05 pm ■ Merced , 12:40 pm 4:03 pro
i 11:40 am 6:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pna
12:ilS pm 7:45 pm :' Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pra
3:20 12:30 am Bakersfleld- 2:3oarnill:2siiru
12:68pm I 8:50 pm ' Vlsalla : 6:40 Hm[ 1:15 pro
"stopping at Intermediate points as required.
' For particulars of stage and other connection*
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
I street, San Francisco.
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
UNION FREIGHT
DEPOT SOON
TO BE BUILT
Preliminary Work Is
Being Done.
MERCHANTS WANT DEPOTS
KRUTTSCHNITT SAYS THERE IS
NO NEED OF THEM.
Contrast Drawn Between the South
ern Pacific Sheds and the
Valley Railroad
Depots.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Dec. 20.
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Bon them Pacific Company has conlided
to the Oakland Board of Trade the fact
that the d any Is now engaged in the
preliminary work for a large union
freight depot to be built at West Oak
land east of the railroad shops. For a
long time work has been going on, pile
driving and Riling In the marsh, and many
large jobs have been undertaken, but it
was not known with what object. In the
conference between the Board of Trade
committee and Mr. Kruttschnitt he made
known the intentions of the company,
which are of vast interest to the western
section of the city.
The Board of Trade Is anxious to se
cure adequate depots in this city in place
of the present unsatisfactory structures.
The committee having the matter in
charge consisted of Frank J. Mott, chair
man. J. F. Towle, E. W. Biarston and
Secretary Craigie Sharp. Mr. Krutt
schnitt agreed that the present depot at
First and Broadway is not what it should
be, but says there is no suitable land at
that point for depot purposes. The com
mittee also suggested that a brick and
Btone depot be erected at Sixteenth street.
••That," said Mr. Kruttschnitt, "is out j
of the question. The railroad is not in
the business of constructing brick build
ings. Even this proposition of placing
awnings about the present old depot at
Sixteenth Btreet was regarded as imprac- |
ticable. It is not the policy of the com- j
pany to expend so much meney on depots
as it is to make outlays for perfecting
equipment. The Oakland mole is prac
tically the Oakland union depot and the
city in that regard is pretty well cared
for."
Secretary Craigie Sharp asked a few
questions which brought out the informa
tion that the big union freight depot is
to be built on flats now being tilled to the
east of the Peralta street yards.
M. J. Keller, vice president of the Board
of Trade, said the depot at First and
Broadwayi ought to be improved, "And
purely the Sixteenth street depot does not
present a good appearance. It is not good
enough for this city and is an important
Btation. It is practically Oakland's over
land depot. As to the Oakland mole, that
is as much a depot for San Francisco as
for Oakland. The traffic at Sixteenth
street warrants important improvements.
However, I believe that as a result of the
conference there will be some improve
ments."
Referring editorially to this matter, the
Oakland Enquirer says:
"General Manager Kruttschnitt tells
the committee of the Oakland Board of
Trade that the Southern Pacinc Company
is not in the business of constructing
brick or Btone depot buildings, and that
the structure— if it can be called a .struc
ture—at Sixteenth street station, will have
to answer, although he intimates that he
may introduce a few minor improve- ;
ments. "We suppose Mr. Kruttschnitt has
noticed that the Valley railroad builds
better depots than the one at Sixteenth
Btreel at stations where there is scarcely
a house In Bight, and that in towns of
one-quarter the population of Oakland it i
puts up buildings which are really orna
mental, although comparatively inexpen
sive. The Bouthern Pacinc should dis
charge a politician from some one of its
departments and use his salary to pay an
architect."
NEW BOND SCHEME
FOR PROCURING PARKS
IMPROVEMENT CLUB REPRESEN
TATIVES IN CONFERENCE. '
-
Appropriations Considered Likely to
Meet Witn Favor in All Sec
tions of the City.
• Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 20.
Another united effort is to be made to
pass a bond scheme for procuring parks
for this city. At a convention of dele
gates from the various Improvement clubs
all the complaints against the features
of the issue recently defeated were
brought up and adjusted. Representa
tives from the improvement clubs of
East Oakland. North Oakland, West Oak
land, Temesca] and Peralta Heights
joined with the executive committee of
the citizens' park committee, and as a re-
Bult of their deliberations the following
appropriations were agreed upon as be
ing likely to meet with favor from all
quarters of the city. The ligures call
for the issuance of $35,000 more bonds
than the measure which" was defeated.
They are as follows:
For Ailamp Point property $240,000
Improvement of same 00.000
Improving Independence Square 10,000
I'urehase and filling North Oakland
marsh 25 000
Purchase and liiiinu 10% acre* West Oak
land and Improvement of land already
filled In .' j1i550j 1i55 0
Total J371.5.-.0
Auditor Snow of the citizens 1 commit
tee said that the scheme as now modified
would no doubt suggest Itself, to the
general committee as being sufflciently
feasible to justify the calling of another
election. 'We would like to call an elec
tion again." said he. 'believing it would
carry, on the same terms as before but
as that would create a controversy it is
Letter to make the desired changes."
J. C. Bullock, W. W. Morrison and F.
Koenlg spoke for West Oakland: H A.
Deming, B. F. Hobart, C. W. Emery
George A. Childs, F. J. Fernhoff and Dr.
N. K. Foster represented the Twenty
third avenue district: George w. Drake
William Walsh and B. C. Cuvellier the
Wesi Oakland Improvement Club- John
de War. J. S. Wlxson, Theodore Swirt
Frank Josephs, Ed Sutherland and P j'
Brophy represented the North Oakland
improvement Club; I'rofessor J. G Lem
mon, H. A. Ingalls. M. P. Manning. Mrs.E
B. Remsen and Mrs. K. R. Faust repre
sented the Human Interest Club of Po
ralta. The Temescal Improvement Club
was represented by Professor Fowler. J
M. Pedrini and D. W. Faust, and 'the
Southern Temescal Central Improvement
Club by L. M. Hagar and C. W. Moore
The delegates all agreed on the propo
sition as outlined, and the convention
broke up with pledges that all the clubs
would work for the success of the next
bond election. „
Drawing a Grand Jury.
OAKLAND. Dec. 20.— The new Grand
Jury will be impaneled before Judge Ella-
Worth next Friday morning to serve dur
ing the next year. To-day thirty names
from which the nineteen are to be selected
wrro draw:; as follows: Charles Elsey
P. 1,. R.millnrd. E. H. Hart. William T*
Hamilton. Isaac L. Kequa. W. Q. Hen-
Bbaw, Edmund Newlnnd. O. Whipplc. }•;.
J. Holland. H. Meninger. Georgo Kinsell,
Foster Lapham. Louis Kahn, M. Lundera,
William Gruenbagen, D. N. Coey. James
< ■•amble, W. W. Whitman, John T.
Wright, J. L. Hollls, Patrick Fee, H. W.
Taylor. George B. M. Gray. L. H. Wake
field, M. F. Tarpey, A. V. Lancaster,
George W. Arper, A. H. Board, James T.
Moran, Daniel Luce.
REMEMBERED HER FRIENDS.
fctany Bequests Made in Elizabeth
Burbank's Will.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20.— According to the
terms of the holographic will of the late
Mrs. Elizabeth Harriet Burbank, who
died on the 12th inst., the bulk of the
$10,000 estate is bequeathed to her four
nieces— Helen Sophia Clarke, Matilda
Rutt, Emily Lundy Clarke and Sophia
Scott Clarke, all residing In England.
The will was filed for probate to-day,
and letters of administration were peti
tioned for by James A. Johnson, who is
named as executor. It is dated November
25, 189 S. The estate consists of money in
bank, paintings, books, furniture and
jewelry (about $6000) and real estate in
San Mateo County. Bequests of paint
ings and other valuables are made to the
following friends: Fannie M. Sweeting,
F. Sanders, Rev. E. Sanders of England;
Mrs. Elizabeth Hewitt, Miss L. Macken
zie of Pleasanton: Dr. H. P. Van Kirk.
Mrs. Grace Kimball, Mm. Adams
Knowles, Mrs. James A. Johnson of Oak
land; Mrs. Myron "Whidden and Mrs.
Neaie of I,os Angeles.
A NEW POLICE JUDGE.
Mortimer Smith Announced as the
Mayor's Choice for Judge
Moore's Successor.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20.— Mayor Thomas
announced to-day that Mortimer Smith
will be the next Judge of the Police
Court. He will ascend the bench at the
close of the present term, January 3,
3599, when Judge Moore will vacate the
woolsack to accept a position in the
office of the new Attorney General. The
Mortimer Srolth.
Mayor had the choice of choosing' be
tween John W. Stetson and Mortimer
Smith, both of whom were elected as
Justices of the Peace last November.
There is no difference in the salary of
the two positions, but it is generally
considered that more dignity attaches
to the Police Court.
FLEECED CREDULOUS
PEOPLE AND SKIPPED
WARRANT ISSUED FOR THE AR-
REST OF R. ANTIEFF.
Represented Himself as Agent of
Foreign Governments and
Lived in Style.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 20.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest
of Robert Antieff, alias Ernst Molkan, on
charges of obtaining money under false
pretenses. Antieff is one of the smooth
est princes of swindlers that has visited
these parts in many a day, if the charges
are correct. He Is accused of having
fleeced J. Miller of $150, Harry Bassalio
of $10, Frank Courant of $6 and a host of
others of greater or less amounts.
Antleff represented himself to Miller
j as an agent of the Russian Government
j and his business to purchase a quantity
, of wine for use in the Russian army.
i Miller knows something about wine, arid
Antieff induced him to go to Napa and
; make a purchase for him, he claiming
! that it would be advisable not to be
known in the deal. Miller ordered about
200 gallons and promised payment in a
few days. As soon as he returned Antieff
rushed up to him and borrowed $100 on
some pretext. On the other victims An
tieff worked similar schemes. All the
' while he lived like a man of wealth and
in style.
Only a short time ago Antieff got into
i trouble by representing that be was au
thorized to buy vessels for a number of
foreign governments. In this way, it Is
I believed, he also fleeced a number of cred
i ulous people.
Since Saturday Antieff has not been
I seen hereabouts, but detectives have
I traced his tracks as far as Sacramento.
i The Chief of Police there has been notl
j fled, and hopes are entertained that the
! fellow will be apprehended before he gets
j beyond the StaU- line.
Will Try for a Divorce Again.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20.— Mrs. Sophie
I Schoenfelder, who recently made her de
; but in Judge Ogden's court as plaintiff
■in a divorce suit against Herman J.
j Schoenfelder, brought on the ground of
• desertion, a decree being denied, has con-
I eluded to try again. Through her attor-
I ney, Hugh S. Aldrich, she commenced a
I second divorce suit, this alleging infelicity
of a most serious character. At the re
cent trial Mrs. Schoenfelder, when called
to the witness stand, mounted the chair.
! which stands upon a platform two feet
high, and there she stood almost touching
the chandeliers, to the amusement of the
i court, lawyers and laymen. The new suit
promises to be decidedly more interesting
; than the previous one.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20. — Joseph Harris,
erstwhile clothier and insurance agent,
is circulating a petition for the appoint
ment of Superintendent of the Adult Blind
Home.
The estate of Jeanne D. Herman has
been appraised by E. T. Henshaw. E. P
Flint and H. S. Smith at $13,894 95. Of this
i JT6IB 95 is cash in hands of the adminis
trator, $1000 chattel mortgage on library
; of the Seattle Law Library Association;
the balance in notes and bank stock.
J. L. Bromley, S. H. Hunt and E. P.
fFlint have filed an appraisement of the
j estate of the late Christopher Streitberger
showing a total valuation of $20»J,442 30,
j segregated as follows: Cash in savings
i banks. $182,160 48; cash in bank, commer
i cial deposit, $4SII S2; gold watch and
I chain, $5; real estate, $lS00; Central Bank
I stock. 100 shares, $3. r »00.
In the suit of C E. Kinard against Jus
i tlce Fred C. Clift for the removal from
I office of the latter on account of alleged
malfeasance, Superior Judge Ellsworth
; to-day sustained the objections to the
complaint on the grounds of insufficiency,
i ambiguity and uncertainty. Plaintiff, how
, ever, was. allowed time in which to amend.
W. H. Allan, who two months ago was
! arrested on a charge of obtaining money
> under false pretenses in connection with
■ a suspicious deal over the Winters Hotel,
! will appear before Judge Greene to-mor-
I row morning to be heard on a petition for
v writ of habeas corpus.
i Michael Bailey, a machinist, who spme
time ago returned from the Klondike with
! about $1000, offered a sorry sight in tho
i Police Court to-day. He -Was charged with
vagrancy, but told such a plausible story
of his hardships and ill luck that Judge
Moore suspended sentence and gave him
10 cents to pay his fare to San Francisco
where Bailey hopes to get work.
Death of John Jahns.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 20.— John Henry
Jahns, manager for Nathan, Dohrmann &
Co.. died this morning at his home Si' 6
Pacific avenue. Hlk Illness lasted but a
■week, and his death was a great sur
prise to his wide circle of friends De
ceased was one of the most trusted em
ployes of Nathan, Dohrmann & Co., and
made semi-annual trips to Europe as
the purchasing: agent for the tirm. He
was 4» years of age. He leaves a widow,
but no children-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
MANY MEN
MENTIONED FOR
THE MAYORALTY
Much Will Depend on
Methods.
PRIMARIES ARE FAVORED
REPUBLICAN LEADERS DO NOT
APPROVE OF APPOINTING.
Declare That the Party Principles
Demand That All Have an
Opportunity to
Vote.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 20.
All political parties and pieces of par
ties are now engaged in casting about for
a suitable candidate to head their ticket.
Names are being freely suggested as they
always are in this city, and it Is very evi
dent that this year at least the office will
not seek the man. The list up to date Is
as follows: Giles H. Gray, R. W. Snow,
M. J. Keller, John F. Towle, John L.
Da vie, Fred V. Wood. A. T. Macdonough,
Arthur H. Breed, H. D. Rowe, George W.
Reed. J. W. Phillips and J. W. Evans.
Nearly all of these are Republicans, and
several of them would be acceptable to
the Municipal League. The manner In
which t)ie delegates shall be elected will
cut a large figure in determining the nom
ination for Mayor. The stalwart Repub
licans are daily declaring themselves in
favor of primaries as opposed to the ap
pointing of delegates by ward commit
tees.
The latest to declare himself is J. W.
Evans, a School Director and a prominent
politician. "1 am in favor of selecting
delegates to the City Convention at pri
maries," said Mr. Evans. "It is the prin
ciple involved that I think should be sus
tained. There is at present a good City
Central Committee, with a good man at
its head, and the appointments made
would in all probability be good ones.
But I object to this method. I fought for
primaries two years ago and I will right
for them now, and I -■'cc no reason why
the Republican city ticket should not suc
ceed."
George W. Arper. president of the Mer
chants' Exchange, favors the selection of
delegates by primaries. He said: "Al
though there is no primary law we should
take precaution to provide against fraud.
In my judgment the Republican party
will have no trouble in electing its ticket
if good men are put on it. The Republi
can party must put up men who are not
looking for spoils, and if they do this
their victory will be overwhelming. The
business men and merchants are clamor
ing for good men. I have spoken to mem
bers of the Merchants' Exchange and they
all feel as 1 do about the matter. Even the
Democrats seem to realize that they have
no chance this time. Although we have
a good city committee 1 would not favor
■the plan of appointing delegates to the
convention. Even If they were honest
suspicion would attach to their motives.
It is better to have a primary as poor as
It is and as little protection as it affords."
Charles \V. Kellog, a prominent Repub
lican, falls to see what benefit the ap
pointing plan has over a primary, and
Bays that both schemes have their abuses.
The Republican City Central Committee
met last night, but decided to further
canvass public sentiment before arriving
at any decision as to the manner of call
ing the convention.
A Lad Loses an Eye.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 20.— Arthur Salsbach.
! a 12-year-old lad. living on Upper Park
street, lost his right eye yesterday after
noon by the explosion of a toy cannon.
He and a companion named Clark were
playing In the workshop of young Clark's
father building a cannon out of a piece of
gas pipe. They loaded an old pistol car
tridge with powder and attempted to ex
plode it Witn a fuse. It did not go off
: soon enough to satisfy Salsbach, and de
: spite of the protest of Clark Salsbach
j peeked down the barrel with his right
eye Simultaneously there was an ex
| plosion and the boy fell to the floor writh
ing in pain. The pistol shell had been
driven from the gas pipe cannon by the
i explosion, and striking the lad's eye, had
1 forced it out of the socket.
Alameda Municipal League.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 20.— The Municipal
League failed to nominate a ticket for the
spring election at its meeting last even
ing. The session was called for that pur
pose, but some of the wise ones argued
that such action would be 111-advised for
the reason that their nominees would be
exposed for too great a length of time to
the onslaughts of the opposition. The
league added a plank to its platform advo
cating the municipal ownership of water
works. The organization starts the cam
paign with a nickle in its treasury.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 20.— The Alameda
Building and Loan Association will
meet to-morrow, when plans for the
entlr" reorganization of the society will
be discussed.
The graduating class of the Alameda
High School held a high jinks last even
ing, upon which occasion the members
received their diplomas. They were to
have had a Bourdon festival this evening
at the school grounds, but the rain up
set their plans.
Alameda Carpenters' Union No. 10I! has
elected the following officers: George
Knefflor, president; Charles Bradley, vice
president; James Tait, corresponding sec
retary; C. H. Thrane. financial secretary;
Frank Norton, conductor.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid Society ao
licits donations of food to provide the
poor of this city with a Christmas dinner.
Donations can be left at the priests' resi
dence or with Miss Jollymaur, Park
street, near Alameda avenue.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Dec. 20.— At a meeting of
the Beacon Volunteer Fire Company held
last night all arrangements for the dance
to be given New Year's eve were com
pleted. Benjamin Hamilton will serve as
tloor manager.
The daughter of Thomas Andrews of
ISOS Adeline street is suffering from a dis
located shoulder blade, the result of a
fall yesterday. The acefdent is not re
garded as very serious.
A new case of diphtheria has made its
appearance in South Berkeley. The mal
ady has broken out in the family of Rob
ert S. Ellison of 2911 Shattuck avenue,
where one of the younger boys was taken
seriously ill last Sunday.
Paul Revere Council No. 2S, Junior Or
der United American Mechanics, has
elected the following officers to be in
stalled January 2: Councilor, P. G. Betts;
vice councilor. T. G. Jessup; recording
secretary, P. Salisbury; assistant, W. D.
Wooster; linancial secretary, J. R. Whit
ney; treasurer, T. Schmidt Jr.; warden,
J E. Boyd; conductor, M. P. Geirrine*
chaplain, T. R. Ayer; trustees— F. W. Dur
gln, C. E. Towne and T. E. Streightlf.
Benjamin F. Lewis Dead.
Benjamin F. Lewis, the well-known
commercial traveler and popular club
man, died at his residence, 1404 Post street,
at 3 o'clock Monday afternoon. His death
was unexpected, being caused by heart
disease. He was in apparent good health
and only 45 years of age. Mr. Lewis was
a native of New York and came to Cali
fornia twenty-five years ago. He was en
gaged in various enterprises during his
residence in this city and at his death
was connected with a Kentucky liquor
house. He was prominent in fraternal
circles, being a member of the Elks and
Masons. The remains will be interred in
the Masonic Cemetery to-day.
All the California calendars for 1899. in
cluding "California "Wild Flowers," "Chi
nese," "Redwood," "Whist." etc. Christ
mas cards as usual. Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
RESCUED BY A BRAVE
CALIEORNIA CORPORAL
/— N ORPORAL JACK BRADY of the First California Volunteers, now
! on duty in the Philippines, recently rescued a drowning comrade
• as he was goin^ down for the last time in the Pasig River at Ma-
I . nila under circumstances that render the act truly heroic.
A few days before the Scandia sailed for home a party consist
ing of six members of Company E, First California, went for a
ride on the river in a native canoe. When ' near the suspension bridge
that spans the stream at an alti
tude of forty feet above the wa
ter the canoe capsized and the six
soldiers found themselves strug
gling In the swiftly running cur
rent. Five were good swim
mers and managed to dump the
water out of the canoe and
regain their seats in the frail
craft, but the sixth man. Private
"William Hogan, was not so for
tunate. He was being rapidly car
ried down the stream by the cur
rent, his companions being unable
to render him any assistance be
cause their paddles had been lost
in the upset, when his cries for
help were heard by Corporal Bra
dy, who was walking across the
suspension bridge.
Brady stripped off his coat and
sprang from the bridge without
a moment's hesitation. The im
petus he received from the jump
of forty feet carried him some
distance, and when he reappeared
ten seconds later, fifty feet fur
ther down stream, he was within
a short distance of the drowning
man, who had already gone un
der twice. A few powerful
strokes brought Brady within
roach of Hogan and he stretched out his hand to grasp him by the hair. As
he did so Hogan sank for the third time. Brady at once dived and a mo
ment later appeared with the body of the now unconscious man. By this
time Brady was pretty well exhausted with his exertions, but a native
boatman came to his assistance and rescuer and rescued were soon safe.
Brady's daring- leap from the high bridge into the swiftly flowing river
forty feet below and his rescue of the drowning soldier were witnessed by
a crowd of civilians and soldiers, who applauded the act enthusiastically.
The Manila papers highly complimented Brady, one of them saying,
"Brady's pluck is the kind that wins great battles."
Brady is a corporal of Company A, First California Volunteers. Before
the regiment was mustered into the United States service he was foreman
of the brass-molding shop in the Union Iron Works.
CASTRO, FOILED IN LOVE,
SUSPECTED OF REVENGE
YOUNG SANTA CRUZ LOCHIN
VAR ARRESTED FOR ARSON.
His Sweetheart Failed to Elope With
Him and Her Folks Afterward
Mourned a Burned Barn.
The fervent Spanish love of P. J. Castro
of Santa Cruz was thwarted, and as is
often the case of such condition in the
heart affairs of such natives and such
natures, turned to vindictiveness, and the
young- man is in jail charged with arson.
The arrest w-as made in this city yester
day evening by Deputy Sheriff W. A.
Corey of Santa Cruz. The prisoner was
taken before Judge Mogan, where his ball
was fixed at $2000. He will be taken to
Santa Cruz by Deputy Sheriff Corey this
morning.
Castro is the great-grandson of the old
Mexican whose, name is woven in the his
tory of California, and whose leagues of
land once lapped over hill after hill of
this broad State. This was before the
active "gringo" secured the title deeds of
the indolent Spanish pioneer's patrimony
and relegated him to some half-ruined
adobe building outaide of the boundary
lines of his lost estate.
Young Castro about a year ago fell in
love with a beautiful Santa Cruz girl
named Annie Perez, one of his own race,
and like him a remnant of a perishing
name. The girl is not only pretty, but
Is well educated— a treasure which the
youth appreciated and bent every latent
energy of his being to possess. She at
that period was 15 years old and the loves
of these two descendants of Castile flowed
on as smoothly as the little brooks across
the lost domains of the Castros.
She was attending school and young
Castro planned to abduct ihe maiden—
needless to say with her full consent. He
was to meet her near the Institution one
night and she was to steal out from the
house and together they would elope. He
waited at the place designated with his
speedy mustang for her appearance, but
he waited In vain. No Santa <"ruz Loch
invar sped away over the valleys and
mountains of the Coast Range that night
nor any other night. No fleet steeds fol
lowed, the runaways over bracken and
A CLEVER ARTIST COMING.
C. W. SAALBURG, a Noted Black and White
Delineator, Who Will Reach This City
This Evening.
CHARLES W. SAALBURG, the noted black and white artist, will
arrive in this city this evening and repair to his parents' resi
dence, at 1220 Ellis street, where he intends to stay during his
visit. He is accompanied by his wife and child. As this is Mr.
Saalburg's first visit to his home in six years, his coming is
looked forward to by his parents with pleasure.
During his absence from his native city he has earned the reputa
tion of being one of the foremost cartoonists and black and white artists
in the country.
As chief of the Wasp's art department his work first gained promi
nence. In 1892 he accepted a position on the Chicago Inter Ocean and his
clever productions were highly commented on. Mr. Saalburg made a fly
ing visit to this city during that year to make a study of Chinese cos
tumes to use in his "Ting-a-ling." which have won him as great renown as
did the "Brownies" for Palmer Cox. The doings of his humorous little
creations were compiled and issued in book form by a London firm last
Christmas, and it is understood that, owing to their great sale, it will be
repeated this holiday.
Shortly after his marriage to Miss Grace Gove of Rockford, 111., he
went to New York and assumed charge of the color department of' the
World. He enjoys the distinction of being the first newspaper artist to
publish a cartoon in colors. This he did while on the Inter Ocean. His
work on the World was well received and he obtained many commis
sions from Europe.
While in Paris in 1896 he contributed to Le Petit Journal, London
.periodicals and the New York World.
On his return to America he again did work for the big New York
dally. Business of importance interrupted his labors a few months
ago and a Hying trip to Paris resulted. He returned a week ago and on
his arrival in the metropolis he boarded a train, and, meeting his wife and
baby at Chicago, came on immediately to this city.
Mr. Saalburg is 33 years old and is now doing his best work. He has
hundreds of friends in this city, all of whom will be pleased to see him home
again.
heather as was the case in the story of
Scott's young border ruffian and his
stolen lady. She— the Santa Cruz girl
changed her mind, and the disappointed
Castro rode slowly home meditating on
revenge. Her relations had heard of the
proposed flight and had succeeded in con
vincing her that most any son of a gringo
was better than the impoverished scion
of a noble though acreless name.
Young Castro s fancies were then filled
with thoughts of revenge, and he await
ed the time when he could strike at the
Perez family. Of course he talked of the
feud and his threats were often heard by
the neighbors. Consequently when a
barn belonging to the Perezes was burned
on the sth of this month, together with
five valuable horses, wagons, farming im
plements and a Quantity of hay, suspicion
naturally fell on Castro. He had been
seen hanging around the place at all
hours of day and night, and the case
against him was so strong that a warrant
was sworn out for his arrest and placed
in the hands of Deputy Sheriff Corey,
who made the arrest.
VICTORY IS IN SIGHT.
Nicaragua Canal Bill Likely to R3
ceive Favorable Considera
tion.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, is now In Washington in
the iii rests of the Nicaragua Canal mat
ter, and from all accounts he is wo.king
night and day to secure favorable legis
lation on the part of Congress. From
time to time he reports to his fellow
members of the chamber in this city. The
lasi message on the subject was reoe've'l
yesterday, in which Mr. Craig speaks in
Ihe roost encouraging terms of this pro
ject, so important to the people of this
State city. His dispatch read.*:
WASHINGTON. I). C, Dec. 20, 1898.
E. Scott, Secretary of the Chamber of Com
merce: Hawley and Barham reported canal bill
will be printed to-morrow for Hepburn's com
mittee. Covers all difficult problems now
threatening. 'Will be discussed by House com
mittee second Tuesday in January and reported
for passage. Canal Commission made interim
report to I'resldent favoring canal. Professor
Haubt thinks estimate of $12."..(H'0.000 in excess
of requirements. Senator Morpan Is sanguine
of success. HUGH CRAIG.
Pianist Rosenthal Coming.
James M. Morrissey arrived from New
York yesterday and is stopping at the
Occidental. He represents the Henry
Wolfsohn Musical Bureau, which is hand
ling the American tour or Rosenthal, the
great pianist. Kosenthal will be heard
in San Francisco on Tuesday "and Thurs
day evenings, January 3 and 5. and Sat
urday afternoon, January 7, at ..ne " -*-
ropolitan Temple. The sale of seats will
begin next Tuesday morning at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'b.
STANFORD'S CHRISTMAS JINKS.
A Parlor of the Native Sons Has a
Jollification at the Expense
of the Sheriff-Elect.
Stanford Parlor, No. 76, of the Native
Sons of the Golden West held Its Christ
mas high jinks last night in Shasta Hall
of the Native Sons' building. It wa.s for
members only and a very limited num
ber of invited guests.
There was the trial of Henry S. Martin,
Sheriff-elect. \V. Phelps, Supervisor-elect,
and a number of other members upon
absurd charges before Police Court 4-11-44,
presided over by Justice of the Peace
Barry, with Justice F. H. Kerrigan as
prosecuting attorney. E. C. Williams,
clerk, and Sergeant Martin of the police
force as bailiff. A jury was selected and
accepted on the ground of its iack of in
telligence, and in the travesty that fol
lowed there were many sharp hits at the
judicial system. In the case of Phelps
the accused was the only witness called
and the jury after hearing his testimony
decided that the prosecuting attorney was
the guilty one, and he was ordered
locked up in a large crate, marked Jail
No. 2, until he drank three glasses of beer.
His imprisonment lasted just two min
utes. All the other cases were submitted
in a bunch and the jury fined the Judge
$1 for not knowing his business. During
the trial there were many witty sayings
and tho farce was productive cf much
amusement.
After the travesty on justice Joe Intor
venor Greenberg appeared as Santa
Claus and taking his stand under a larpe
tree beautifully dressed and lighted with
numerous tapers, distributed to each of
the members a number of gifts of the
most ridiculous character, but productive
of much mirth. During the evening W.
Finney favored with songs and the com
m'ttee. consisting of A. P. Schle'cher, K.
H. Jung, C. D. Steiger, Joe Greenberg and
Krrrison Houseworth, had a collation
served, also light refreshments. A case
of fne oranges Bint to the parlor by the
parlor in Oroville as a Christmas gift,
was distributed.
Stuart Robson. tells how to win
success on the stage in next Sunday's
Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
r E Miner, St Louis Iff X Lamont. Chgo
A W Kenison. Auburn 11 Lingo. Birds Lndg
T McArlnch. Forest HI J D McGllvray, Denver
} X Baxter, L Anj? jW A Wilson & w. Cal
M J Young, Fresno !H E Coj«, Greensburg
M L Isham, Courtland (I W Klncaid. Cal
(', H Danler &w. Or H R Sterne &w. S Jsa
MrsS N-Laughlin, Cal J Daniels, Boston
Mro A Jackson, Colusa J E Dye, Jackson
Miss I Johnson. Colusa F Kramer. N V
R S Oakman, Sacto G Petterson. S L Obsp
Or H W Hill, L Ang H e Shubert. Napa
IV H Adams, Boston P C Tonner, Pomona
A Anderson, Suisun D P Drust. Wheatland
R A Forbes^ Vancouver J M Gilbert. N V
R W Skinner. M.irysvl C G Fleckensteln & w,
J Scales, Palo Alto i Benlcla
L Danzlgler, Ohio H B Mitchell. Ukiah
A H Lowenstein. Ohio J H Baker. Ukiah
Dr Attenhom. Ohio J C Ruddock. Ukiah
M Dougherty. Menlo R T Hale, Stanford
J)r C A Rugijk'H, Stktn H J Corcoran. Stckta
J J Hebbran. Salinas IC M Wooster. S Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Cooper, Seattle P F Grace, Stockton
.1 ftfcGovern, S Rosa M P.ldley, Chicago
H O Wilson. London J F Bernard. N V
W F Stone & f, Fregno C Miller. N V
is C Smith, Manila J L Dixon, S Jose
Mrs J Hartman. Cal P C Henry, Butte
R T Smith & w. 11l J L Ross, Fresno
H P Grant & w, 111 C Wilson. Portland
H A Isurke, Cal F Mathews, Tacoma
Miss McCUntock. Cal R Dexter, Vlsalia
PALACE HOTEL.
H P Nelson. Chicago J W Morissey, N V
C C Miner, St Louis Brick Kuhn, Erie, Pa
R V Casey, London G G Peters, Boston
A Jaqueth & w, Omaha C W Hat<'s,. Boston
J Williams &w,Chica|ro H O Booth. Chicago
G Whttcomb, St. Paul J Vnorheis &vr. Denver
MlssC E Usher, Stkn I H E Falk, Lincoln
G Lightbound, Toronto J H Kahn, Stanford
Miss Lighibound, Can Frank Fogg, Stanford
Miss Davidson Toronto W M Kerr Jr. Stanford
J Reynolds, * w. Ohio Mrs. A Goodwin, Ohio
C J Titus, Sacto Miss Pickauds, Ohio
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhflm der Grnsse, from Bremen.
Sailed Dec 20— Stmr Tauric, for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. ■
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING. Dec. 21, at 7:3o^. jf
o'clock. Second degree. • i f^r »
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge. No. 136, F. and A. jT""
M., 121 Eddy St., will meet THIS _J^
(WEDNESDAY) MORNING. at UiTT
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our A^r>
late brother. BENJAMIN F. LOUIS. Mas-
ter Masons are Invited.
. GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge, No. 169,' F. and A. M.— m.
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J%
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Installa- JLjt
tlon of officers. /Vi
CD. BUNKER, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. -"f'M£~
F.— There will bo Initiation on
THI'RSDAY EVENING, Decem- r Ss*J3B*3?r
ber 22, IS9B. It is neceseary that "^U^
all members attend. Important business.
_ Visiting brothers invited.
JOHN STEVENSON, N. G.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTH, Act. Rec. Sec. '
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. \vs*u^,,
112, I. O. O. F.— Members are
requested to attend the funeral of : S*«s*!S=
our late brother. M. T. BREWER, '•W'^" ■
THURSDAY, at 1:30 p. m.. Memorial Hall,
I. O. O. F. building. Veteran Odd Fellows
please attend. HENRY SCHROEDER,
N. G. P. T.
SERVIAN - MONTENEGRIN E! ~~
and B. Society— officers and _iu-&ta.
members of the above society %VTJ&
are hereby notified to attend amST^klfH
their annual meeting THIS mHvSIPEh
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, De- IhMJ
cember 21. at 7:30 o'clock sharp. twEKSSjnI
at 10 California Bt., to elect new '**HHi<.jN
officers for the ensuing year \SXmrm?
(1599). New amendments to the XffiX
constitution and by-laws will be
read before the society for the third and last
time. By order of -
r.™™ JOHN GLAVINOVICH, President
SPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- n
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be *Ji m
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- %•"
ING, December 21. 1898. at 8 o'clock L 4&
at B'nal B'rlth Hall, 121 Eddy st. A *M "
full attendance requested. Election of tl
officers. (I)
E. J. BRANDON. President.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— a
Regular meetln;; and election of offl- Ifffl^
cers ot the above-named society will f&SSjSf
be held WEDNESDAY EVENING, BfffSF
Dec. 21. at their nail. 413 Sutter st. r3 B? w '
By order of M. SCANATICH. Pres.
A. CONNICH. Sec.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its bar.*-
lng house. No. 301 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco. Cal., on TUESDAY, January 10.. 1899.
at 8:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and tho
transaction of such other business as ■ may
come before the meeting. '^ v --
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
. Ban Francisco. December 9. 1898. .•■■ ...'. .
' special" NOTICES. ». ~™~
NOTICE is hereby given that the under-
signed, FLETCHER-RYER COMPANY and
FLETCHER F. RYER, have no agents or
! representatives or persons authorized to act
for them or either of them in the State of
California except R. H. COUNTRYMAN. J.
H. THOMAS and SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE
& CO., who are only authorized to act in
certain capacities. December 14. 1898.
FLETCHER-RYER COMPANY. FLETCHER
F. RYER. .'-■•■--- _^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415. Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5550.
ROOMS ; papered from $3;. whitened,. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DTv7DEI'?D~ > N?mcls^D^^
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office. 327
Market- Et., on and after Tuesday, January
3. IS9B. ' •••»■ •
Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
December 28. 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
; . ■■■'•. ' E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union. 532 Callfor-
: nia St., corner Webb. Dividend notice--For
the half year ending with the 31st of De-
cember, . 1898, , a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four (4) per cent
on term deposits, and three and one-third
:(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary deposits, Iree of
; taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, Janu-
ary 3. 1899. ' LOVELL WHITE. Caehler.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Post street. *or the half
year ending December 31, 1898, a dividend has
i been I declared at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3.6) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of • taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3. 1599. -^' • _ A .. r "-'i '■'.
; GEORGE ,A. STORT. . Caabier. •;''
SITUATIONS WASTKD-PEMALE.
NEAT German ' girl wishes situation at hduse^
work or as nurse, $10 to $15. MISS cv\
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR cook desires situation in hotel or
Institution; understands all branches of cook-
ing; best of references. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
Al COOK, best of references, desires a situa-
tion. J. F. CROSETT ft CO., 316 Sutter it
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook, wlsh^s^
work by the day during the holidays. Ad-
dress box 631. Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged person, position aa
nurse to invalid or any position of trust. Ad-
dress box 639, Call.
LADY wishes a position as housekeeper in
hotel or Institution; references. Address box
725. Call office.
NURSE wishes a few more enpagi?ment»: ex-
perienced: terms reasonable. 219 Seventh st.
YOUNG woman wishes a place to do house-
work and take care of children. 1263 Broad-
way St.. near Hyde. , _^_^__^_^_
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE _np. Agency; all klnd»
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 G.>ary: tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell st. : tel. East 42».
YOUNG man wants work of any kind every
day from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Saturdays ex-
cepted; will work cheap. Box 1505, Call.
WANTED— By a young man who is strong and
willing to work, a position in wholesala
house. Address box 634, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS baker and helper wants situa-
tlon out of San Francisco. Box 632, Call.
STEADY man wishes position as watchman;
day or night; twelve years; best city refer-
ence. A. A., 270 First st.
ALL-AROUND blacksmith; handy with lath,
tools; wishes eituatlon. Address box 636,
Call office.
MAN and wife wish positions on. small placa
near city or helping in small restaurant. Ad-
dress E. T., box 711. Call office.
YOUNG man. carpenter by trade, would like to
get any other steady position in wholesal*
house, where services of a re6pon9lMe and
honest man is required; can give bonds. Call
or address barber shop, 952 Mission st.
VALET, intelligent Japanese, neat and trust-
worthy, seeks position; references; speaks and
writes fair English. Address KiMY, 725
Geary st.
YOUNG man wants situation In private place;
understands horses and cows; good reference.
Address box 727, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms ; 25c to $160 night; $1 50 to 19
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bua
and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America- The Weeklr
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for f. 50. postaga
paid.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
4 FIRST-CLASS waitresses for first-class coun-
try hotel to hold station of 8 chairs for Jan.
26, $25; 4 more chambermaids for Southern
California, $20; 2 waitresses, country, $20; 3
chambermaids to wait, $20; working house-
keeper, country hotel, $20; 2 chambermaids,
$15; German chambermaid, institution, $15. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
COOK, city, $25 to $30; and a great many girls
for cooklnff and general housework, $12, $15
to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework for
Mayfleld for 2 months; $10 per month. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Su/ter st.
NEAT girl for housework. $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT second girl. $12. MISS CULLEN. 32S
Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child for Cloverdale; far*
paid; wages $10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
FINISHER wanted at 1036 Howard st.
GOOD waist hand wanted; $1 per day. ' MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter Bt. "
i WAITRESSES In restaurant. $5 and $6 per
week. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE girl, Bleep home, «12: girl, assist house-
work, $12. sleep home. MISS CULLEN, 32.
Sutter st.
TWO second girls. $20- and $15: 12 housework:
Kirls, city, $20 and $25: 6 young girls, assist,
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 3 6 Sutter St.
NEAT girl, light work, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. .■
NORTH German nurse. $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. .■ ■ ■. - -
INFANT'S nurse, $25: nurse, grown children,
$25; waitress and parlor maid, $20; laundress,
$25: 3 cooks, $25: 2 waitresses, mining camp
and restaurant, $20 and $5 week; and a large-
number of girls for cooking and housework in
city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. - ; -
CHAMBERMAID, assist wait, $20; waitresses,
country hotels; housework girls, cooks, etc
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A COOK, institution, $30: second girl, $20. and
a number of houseglrls, $20 and $25. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter. , _
LADIES desiring commissions placed at the
race track by a physician, | well posted on
turf matters; four or more winners daily;
highest references. Box 630, Call office.
GOOD girl hands wanted on vests, 935 Mar-
ket Bt., room 12.
WANTED — German or Swedish girl fop
bakery and candy store. 448 Third st.
TAILORESS as pants finisher. B»_ Keamjr
St., room 18, top floor.
GIRL wanted to do light housework in .mall
, family. Apply at 1607 Webster at., nr. Sutter.
YOUNG girl for housework and assist In bak-
ing Btore. 721 Polk st. '
GIRL wanted for general housework; wagea
$15. Call early, 710 Cole St.. near Chutes.
LADY canvasser wanted to take another lin«
of goods. Address box 669. Call.
GOOD'talloresses; good wages paid. 206 Minna
street. §
TAILOR or presser on custom mad 9 coats.
409 Clementina. _______
WANTED— for light housework; small
family. Call 387 Hayea Bt. §
YOUNG, experienced Infant's nurse: must hays
best of references. Apply 2340 Washington
st., between 9 and 10 a. m. <
OPERATORS on white shirts; all new high
speed machines; also finishers on flannel over-
shlrts. LEVI STRAUSS ft CO . 3t>', Fremont.
LEARN sewing at KBISTEB TAILORINO
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position.
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell s. 103 Post.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca-Tho . yeeMj
Call. Sent to any address in tna unitea
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postag.,
paid. ___. ________———» — ___— _ — _^
HELP WAXTED-MALM. >
here this morning. C B. HANSEN _. CO..
104 Geary st. ! -
TOY cook $M: hot-cake baker. $50 and board;
F ?unch 0cook:0 cook: $35: vegetable man. IgJ
kitchen hands. C. R. HANbfc-N _» CO., 104
Geary st. . " „
ZiT{£ for Skaguay Thursday; $12 50. C: R.
HANSEN & ca. 10< Geary st.
:; rBRAT & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Xjeaauiß r Want to-day
K-"n-n^<icho.Derß $150 and $1 cord
l\ tTemakere . Sc. 9c and 12c each
Watl^wHt"™ .•...Granite block cuttera
fnrRRAY READY. 634-636 Clay at,
METAL spinner, country job. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
. mrrcHERS for shops, ranch and elaughter-
houses. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
1 COOKS $5°- $40, $30 and $25 and found
' Bwaiters and waiter boys ....$25. $20 and $15
Boy for city grocery store $6 and found
Bootblack, city $6 week:
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Working foreman for mine. $3 day;
tailor, $2 day; farmer and wife, $35; young
farmer to learn fruit raising: florist and oth-
ers. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento Bt. ■
WANTED— Waiter for institution. $25; baker,
$30. and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Harness maker. $150 day and
board. J.F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and all expenses easily made; cash
every week; written contract, full particulars
and ?5 worth of our goods sent, all charges
prepaid, for 15 2-cent stamps; if you fail to
work for us return $4 worth of the goods and. /
keep $1 worth for your trouble and stamps-X
no attention paid to letters not . enclosing
stamps, and If our offer is not exactly as
represented In this ad. you may sell or keep
the entire $5 worth of goods. Address box
67L Call office. ; _^^
BOY 13 or 14 years old for errands and to help
in drug store; apply in own handwriting,
giving age and residence. Address box 664
Call office. . .-. _^^ ; .'
WANTED— for our gent's furnlshinir
department. RAPHAEL'S. ;--, .-..•.. f t
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun. 1 _
day.. 1222 Poweli su . . .• oua -)lHELP WAX.ED- Continued.
•GOOD barber wanted; young man preferred;
steady ib; good wagres. 19 Thirtieth s-t., cor.
San Jose avc.
BARBER wanted. 39^ Turk sL
WANTED— Plumber, tinner and helper. J. B.
BUTTERWORTH. ISO!) Polk st.
BOY wanted: must xpeab German; room 3.
JOHN HU.SCHLER. 236 Kearny et.
IBUSHELMAN wanted; steady work to poo<i
man. Union Clothing Co.. 114-116 Kearny st.
"A A.NTED A cook at Oakland Cafe, 303 East
st., near Market, $8 a week.
.man to sell plants on commission. Apply 500
Halght gt. ■;. ■-:
IMAN i.i work In florist's. Apply 500 Haight
street.
: WANTED—^ A (Irst-class coatmaker. 272 Ste-
. venson st.. upstairs.
WAITER wanted at 217 Sixth Ft.
WANTED— A helper on cakes. utBs bakery,
536 Va D st.
33OYS from 14 to 17 years of age. Apply at 245
Sutter st.. room 14.
■WANTED— A Indies" tailor and fitter. Apply
at J. BAUMGARTEN &CO.'X. 7 Montgomery.
BARBER wanted; inu be first ckiss. Call at
822 Third st. /
STEADY man with $100 cash can make $75 a
month. Capitoa liquor store, 2fi?> Third st.
;BOY with son»> experience at "b'oT.klitndlng.
Apply JOHN PARTRIDGE 306 California st.
:r>ISinVA.<HKK wanted at 613 Clay Bt.
DISHWASirER wanted at 1805 Balgtrt st.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted. 517 Montgomery
street.
BARBEHfS A handsome shop, clearing $100 per
month; in town of 2SOO population; shaving
25c; nvlce $150. DECKELMAN BROS., 106
Ellla. pt.
115 TC» $30 a week and expenses paid to sell ct-
gacu; experience unnecessary; extra Induce-
ments. The W. 1.. KIJNE CO.. St. Louts
Mf i. *
■ N T K " L> — A boy about 14 for grocery store;
__»j month, board and lodging. 1622 Waller.
JJCWELERS wanted. A. MATHIEU, 32S Hush
street. '
I/ARGE insurance officp desires city agent ha\~
Ing: gooj connections and controlling busi-
ness; sala.ry paid. Box 72». Call office.
TO go to.-day— 3oo pairs men^s second-hand
shoes, -some nearly new. from 25c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damag Vi price. 562 Mission
St.. tx?c. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
BARBERS' I'r.-(rro?slve Union; free employ-
m t. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
110T L man; tn ' lst be a first-class bookkeeper;
state experience, references and wages ex-
Pe-£tecl. Address box 743, Call office.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764 1 Mission
■»t.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25a p«r
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
rMEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1543
Market st.
.RECRUITS wanted for the Vnited States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 3*
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits «md able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 6 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs I^nver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms. , 2Gc per nig! J! to $3 per week.
MEN aivl women to learn barber trade at Saa
Franctsco Barber College. 135»4 Eighth st.
BARUKRS' Association Free Employment
Offer-. S. FUCHS, Sec.. 326 Grant aye.
TR"H Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
t M)roughly renovated; 200 rms. ; 15c, 25c night.
6'ZNOLE rooms. 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c. SI
\o f2 50 per wk. Elcho House, SC3 Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. i» Steuart.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Kn.-x Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furris' fin*, Isiee, sunny and airy
room. 25c night Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Mark< St.. below Sixth,
for a room: Ise a night; }1 a week.
WLNTHRSTERIInnm. <•* Third it.. iK^ar^MarT
ket: 200 rooms. Isc nlirht : reatlln«r room; fre«
T»b4 nnd baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
paid.
AGK.VrS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— "S. 5.," guaranteed to ex-
terminate and drive away every rat and !
mouse from any house or place within 3 days;
not poison, nor will it kill or harm anything
but rats and mice; greatest money maker
ever handled by agents; boys and girl? make
$12 to $15 weekly; write quick for terms and
territory; we also want hustlers to take State
agency. S. S. MFG. CO.. Chicago. 111.
PART.VKKS WA.NTED.
A POPULAR author of coon song wishes a
partner with money to advance for publica-
tion, etc.; a good Investment; rare chance.
Further partlclars Composer, box 629, Call.
PARTNER with $150 or $200 to open saloon.
Box 64.'. Call nfflce.
imi;u-mis(ei-la.>»;ois.
"WANTED— Dogs for Klondike. Apply at CAT-
TERMOLE'S, cor. Davis and Uroadway.
WANTED— To puchase a good upright piano.
Room 12. Flood building.
_________
SPIRITLALISM.
ATTENTION! " " '"" -■-"■•'"-"
MRS. I'H. A. D. HOWE,
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all and
Instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
■word she tells you In full of all that you are
Interested In; business, speculation, love,
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and burled treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance In priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, rure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis, j
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
voua affections. The wonderful cures which
Bhe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
AH correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mail alwayi
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market St., S. F.. The Vendome.
r>R. M. MUEHLENBRUCH, the prophetic seer
and. psychometrlst. box 118. Oakland, Cal..
diagnoses disease by mall without symptoms
ft-nm lock of hair; 5 2-cent stamps; rock from
mines read, $2 50: life readings by mall, $2 50;
send for testimonials.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant.
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton gt.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mis-
slon st.
BUSINESS medium and palmist: readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 254!-i 6th.
MRS ELLIS: tests to all: To«*.-Pri.. 2 p. m.;
• Mon. 8" 25c: sitting* SI. 233 Valencia Bt.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located in Sar. Francisco.
At 10234 Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
■with the one you love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
ctatyiins and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friend*, etc.
* n. B.— Perfect satlsfactl->n guaranteed bymatl.
Send stamp for circular, with special term».
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023% Market st.
MME HANSON, palmist and card j reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 14S 6th. rm. 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader: 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St., bet, 6th and 7th.
MMfTktHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 116'J Mtssion. nr. Bth.
MMX. MOREAU, the best me<liu:n and card
reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
Mrs Hoeklns, tr. medium, rdgs daily, $1; cir-
cles Tues. eve., 25c. 322 S. .Spring, Lot Angeles.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-*
fCMIOn, has removed to 21S Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA »-ea<ls life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MilK. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
• band's picture. 25c; ladles. 9U O'Farrell st.
MRS. i BAUMANN, the ■nt'll-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 313 O'Farrell st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl2oo; DRUG ,«tore; rent $25; across the bay;
no opposition; well paying; a splendid open-
ing for a first-class druggist. Particulars
V.II.XX & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A- $>000— HOUSE of 4 rooms, store with stock
of groceries, liquors, etc.; lot 23x127:6; best
location on Mission st. : death of owner cause
of genuine bargain. WILKE & UNFUG 906
Market st.
A— SI2OO— COAL and wood yard; established
many years; doing good business; horses and
wagons; rent $23; death of owner cause of
hale; genuine good investment. Call WILKE
& UXFIJG. 906 Market st.
A—S:,OO— COUNTRY resort; Santa Clara County;
fine bar room; 2 parlors; 7 bed rooms: large
grounds; horse and buggy; stock of liquors;
nrst-clan liayhig establishment; owner to
,eav« for East; a bargain. Particulars
_ \\ ILKg a UKFUG, 908 Market st,
A-J1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; Ueath of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & i;.NFI-G, 906 Market st.
A-$350: SALOON near R. R. depot; net rent
only $14; card and private rooms; the biggest
bargain in the market. WILKE & UNFUO.
,^J6 Market st.
A— S7OO— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
IU st.: 5 living rooms; rent $23; doing a good
paying business; owner to leave lor New
York. WILKE * UNFUG. MC Market st.
A-ffiso-COFFKE saloon close to Alcazar Thp-
ater; first-class paying; rent $63; partners
can't agree. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market.
S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market St., oldest
and most reliable firm in this line in the
city, huve for sale the following:
A— sl6oo; grocery and bar; best location in
Mission; 3 living rooms; stable; low rent; fine
stock; good trade; &tock will invoice fully
price asked; thorough Investigation.
A— $100: groceries and liquors: living rooms;
must sell: really worth investigating.
A— s3so; candy route over 5 counties; team
and wagon; well-established trade; clearing
now net $75 per month.
$1100; bakery and delicacies; old-estab-
lished business;. tine trade: large stock: will
trade for good rooming-house or sell either
department separate; investigation solicited.
, A— Bargains in cigar stands; $125, $150.
A— sl4oo; meat market and fruit stand; cuts
up 5 beeves, 2 calves, 35 sbeep per week; 2
horses, 2 wagons; all caah trade: thorough
trial solicited.
$200— PARTNER wanted; light indoor business;
will pay over $75 per month to each yearly.
M'LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$1000— Partner wanted In saloon; established 30
years; receipts over $SOO per : month.
M'LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$=00 — GROCERY store; north of Market St.;
liquors by the bottle: stock worth the money.
Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market St.
$125— COFFEE and chop house; a 'mrgain. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$1.10 — PARTNER wanted in exclusive business;
$12 to $1S a week each. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO., 9 Geary st.
$400— PARTNER wanted .In light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help: business long estab-
lished and too much for one man; no experi-
ence required; trial given; $1S to $30 a week
each. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
A— KREDO Ai CO 22Vi Geary st.
Real Estate and Business Chances.
Grocery and bar; value in stock.
$700 — Grocery and bar; Third St.; snap.
$1750— Saloon; cor. Market; receipts $75 daily.
$2ito— Saloon; corner; near cattle market.
— Cigar xtand; clears $100 monthly.
$175— Cigar stand; $10 daily.
1200 PARTNER for light indoor business; only-
steady and reliable man ' need apply; good
pay. Call 1027V4 Market st.
$125— CIGAR store on Market st. ; $300, corner
saloon, must sell. 1027 1 - Market st.
1250' EXPRESS business; steady trade from
stores; trial given. Inquire 1"27' Market st.
CORNER saloon: good location; cheap
rent; investigate. 1027% Market st.
$323— GROCERY; bar. — — -
$866— Cigar stand; bargain.
$273— Branch bakery,
Branch bakery and delicatessen.
$150— Saloon; worth $300: to-day.
JONES, 865 Market st.
M. W. MOON & CO., formerly the National
Agency at 7 Grant aye., are now located at
100SV4 Market st. and have buyers to invest
In any legitimate business; farties willing to
sell give us a call; correspondence solicited.
BARBER shop, 3 chairs: old established; cigar
and business; bargain; going East. Box 633,
Call office.
WELL-EQUIPPED boarding and livery stable;
barn full: reason for selling sickness; must
sell before winter; 3S boarders; 20 livery and
work horses; buggies; surrles: carriage;
double and single harness: all that a good
Stable requires. Address box 377, Call Office.
ENERGETIC man ' with $500 can clear $.-.00 a
month, guaranteed: this places a new and
necessary article upon the market. Partic-
ulars, box 904, Call office. Oakland.
SEVEN furnished . rooms and bar; $315—4
furnished rooms and cigar stand. I WARD &
MARTIN. 1055 Market, opp. Hlbenlla Bank.
$175— BRANCH bakery, tandy and notions; do-
ing good business; Investigate. Inquire 1321
Buchanan, near E'.Uf.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
$100— WELL stocked candy store: must sell at
once. Address box 657. Call office.
GOOD chance for middle-aged women to make
money. 765 Market, room 2.
BAKERY; all store trade; no wagon; 1% bble.
dally. Box C6B. Call office.
PROMOTERS wanted to introduce new Inven-
tlon. Box 635, Call office.
FOR SALE— Fine cigar stand; 34 Eddy. Call
room 614. Call building.
$60— CIGAR store: clears $1 60 a day; can be
increased. 141 Fifth st.
SHOE shop; doing fine business: good loca-
tlon; chrap rent; reasonable. 332 Bush St.
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
cheap. Inquire at 650 Sacramento, nr. Kearny.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-10J
B«al» r,t
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Vlfth.
110-room corner house $6500
10-room house; worth $1000 500
32 rooms; fine, corner 1860
14-room house: only.. 600
26-room house; rent $50 750
9-rooni house to rent; furnished
6-room flat; rent $22. 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
10 rooms; on Sutter st 250 !
11-room house; new house and furniture. 850 I
.8 rooms; new furniture; cost $530 ■ 200 j
12 rooms; on Market St.; rent $40 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner: clears $150 660
4fi-room house; corner 1200 !
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES. !
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market «t.
WINSTON. & CO.. 646 Market st. """'
14 rooms; near Orpheum; cost $1500; must
sacrifice; almost a gift 650
15 rooms; offices; near Chronicle; cheap
rent: jjn exceptional chance; see It 850
13 rooms: sunny corner; if you have $250
we will furnish the balance 450
35 rooms: facing Union square; cheap
rent: Inspection Invited: A No. 1 place. 2300
S2 rooms; rent only $200; water free;
. greatest opportunity ever ouered; inves-
tigate 2700
A— KREDO & CO K\<i Geary St.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
S rooms; nice houpe: clears $35 .......$323
10 rooms; bay-window corner: transient... 500
14 rooms; all bay windows; a snap $00 '
23 rooms; Fifth st : clears $75 600 j
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— s2ooo CASH: SO rooms: elevator: rent $200;
clears $200. KPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
A.-SNAP: $1000: corner, 70 rooms; clears $100.
At SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market st.
$1500— Lodging house: 40 rooms, bargain: part
cash If desired. M'LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777
Market »t. -
CIBPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — CleanT
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr '
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become distgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works, 303-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. f .O.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
BTRATTOyS. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CO\ T KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 233 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. Eaßt 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning C<\. »02 utter st ■
tel. Main 3;4. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
__. HORSES. .
$0 HORSES, of ever/ depcriptlon at Emporium
Ealesyards. 22i) Valencia st., bet. .Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har- 1
ness, etc.. at your own price.
40 HORSES for »nle; also wagons, bugg!**.
carte, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, ?27 Sixth; auction *n!*>s every Wednes-
■«ay STTLLTVAN A DOYLF. Auctioneers.
FUHNITURr FOR SALE.
DOLORES, 429— 3-room cottage ; cheap; call
■ evening?:' furniture for sale.
; UICYCLEsf : :
ILMOST new high-grnde wheel for sale cheap;
22-Inch frame. 722 Broderlck, near McAllister.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.'
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
PERSONALS.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 inches. 10c; 10x12, l.'c; 12x16,
20c; 14x17. 2."> c; 16x2u, 30c; ISx22, 35c; 20x24, 4">c;
22x25, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per loot; colored pictures, studies,
etc., 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mission st., bet.
First and Second. Open evenings.
THE Gastronomic restaurant, formerly . the
Poodle Dog, will remain open at the same
place as before,. Che kitchen being- under'the
direction of one of the best chefs in the city.
A. GAUDARD, prop'r., cor. Bush and Grant.
LEDERER, the hairdresser, has but one price,
25c; all styles; LEDERER'S FOAMO, scpack-
age; use no other; switches, SI up; open Sun-
days and holidays. 9 to 12. 123 Stockton Et.
LEDEKER'S Quinonia is the one tonic that
helps hair that is thin or falling out; 35c bot-
tle; try it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor ot many now.
celebrated singers, will open by request wo
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being- impossible to receive the many
applicants for single les?ons; classes, month-
ly $2, ensemble and single treatment; only,
those enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121-122 Murphy bldg.. Jones and Market.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present: stamps
bought. W. Sellgchopp & Co.. lIS Stockton Et.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 4f Third st., near Market; 208 rooms;
26c to {150 per night: $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and frmn the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture:
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO. Sl3 Sutter.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
tl week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to irder on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS,
sax FRANCISCO T^i.ikV French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
LATEST style dresses made, $5 to $6; dresses
made over. 3 Kddy St.. rooms M and 15.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly or 226 Turk et., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all thos« who are sick or_iscour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will tind
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st.. between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); 6afe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay: home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 20S Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratclce; sa'<? and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else .fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; 'travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
1 absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
.fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box. pent free by mall
on receipt of price: consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— 3e fore purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
FUre: no medicine or instruments used: con-
sultatton free: pills and capsules, $1: cure $.V
By the well-known ladles' physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cast's of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly: hours
9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MR?. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market St., bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Dre. Good-
win free: reliable, safe and sure: cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home: best medical at-
tendance; cure. $3. Removed from 401 D Van
i Ness to 1362 A Mkt..bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DON'NELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly irregularities restored:
whatever cause; all cases relieved immedate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023% Market.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO..4ooClay St.:
tl 50. Send 2o stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. ,r.31, r .31 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care ano attendance: terms
moderate; infants adorted into srood homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, n boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; 12 E0;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant, sunny
home in confinement. 136 Second st. Tele-
phone Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles' cared for during
confinement. 727 Rellevjo nvp.. Lob Angeles.
DBIfTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full tet of teeth. $5; crovns. *3: fill-
Ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance S Mason Et.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
i cur specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; alt,
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
I DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-,
I tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful Eecret method: crowns $2. bridges $4; rub-
j ber or flexible plates $3; received S first prizes;
no students; guarantee 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
FULL set of teeth, $4: fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns. $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. T. DEN-
TISTS. 969 Mission st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market Pt.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work i.nd fillings a
i 6pecialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4: filling, gold. 60c; silver. 26c; crowns, J3.
THE Esmond dental parlors. 43 Crown and
bridge woTk specialists: crowns $3: est. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and , warranted PR. J.
W. KEY. 1820 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
Ing.telegraphy. languages, "English ■ branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh-
veylng, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue. - •
j AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ; lndi-
I vidual instruction in shorthand, 'yplng. book-
keeping, . telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, M); low rates
per week and month.
LADY teaches piano and mandolin thoroughly:
60^ an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
" for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm
Sng. mech." survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
• est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory; F. C. Caldwoll; 16 yrs' i
experience. Emma Spreckels " ldg, 927 Market. j
! INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 2941 24th St.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123f\, Mar-
ket Kt. : 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
t&Ufrht' short time. Tarr, F. 72 Parrott bldg.
_________
LOST.
$10 REWARD— Lost, on Mission road, Decem-
ber 13, oversized white fox terrier clog with
left ear and eye lilai-k; right eye inflamed;
answers to name of Snap; no questions asked.
N. H. HICK Sixth and Channel sts.
LOST— Gordon setter dog about 1 year old.
Reward of $10 will bo paid if returned to
i 2016 Pacific aye. ' -.. ' •
LOST— Small memorandum book, with owner's
address in front, a picture and snme papers
In back, of no value to finder. Reward of S8
. if returned to OKORGE M. MOTT, Sacra-
mento, or H. P. Crocker Co.. 8. F.
$5 REWARD for return: biack Newfoundland
flog; white br^aM. white spots on paws. Cor.
Twenty-fifth nnd Bryant: phone Blue 14.'i2. ■
_______________
TVPEWIUTERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented . few partly
used for snle cheap; send fcr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, J25: Caligraph, 115; Yo«t. $23;
get ffample work. SCOTT. 233 Moatcomerr st.
SEWING >I.V(lli\l-:s.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds . bouKht, - sold, exchanged, rented; j
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at. ■ ;
HOl-SKS TO LET.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
WE can rent you a house with or - without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. <• ■;.'
1 12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
«t.. rear Market. Apply at ir. Grant aye.
$20—6 ROOMS and bath (new): Sutro Heights;
grand marine view; near 2 car lines. 410
Forty-fifth aye. |
COTTAGES TO LET.
FLATS' TO LET.
FINE sunny flat, 4 rooms; near Mechanics' !
Illon. 81 Ivy aye.
SECOND, 625— Flat, C # sunny rooms, $14; also
sunny cottage. ' -
WE can rent you a flat with or without a I
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont- |
gomery St. • I
4 ROOMS and bath and washroom. 110G<_ Treat j
avenue. I
KOOMS FOHj HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, 417— T">vo furnished .rooms and
kitchen: downstairs; housekeeping.
CLEMENTINA, -Nice sunny housekeeping j
rooms; bath- and; wash room; $7.
EDDY, 915 — - large tarnished sunny rooms; all
conveniences; fine location: private residence.
EDDY. 917— Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; r.o children; private residence.
ELLIS G39. corner Bay-window al-
cove; mantel; with kitchen complete; $IS.
GROVE, 802. cornrr Van Ness aye.— Suite of i
Eunny unfurnished rooms, wHh sas range.
GUY place. 12. off First, just above Folsom—
$16: 6 rooms and bath: lower part of house.
JESSIE, 439, bet.- Dth and Cth— sunny con-
necting rooms, . furnished complete for
housekeeping; $14. _^
KEARNY, near Sutter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; ga
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LARKIN, SO4--Large sunny back room, neatly
furnished, light housekeeping, $6 50.
MARKET, 1028— Lam sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; call alter 6 p. m.
MINNA, 322— Housekeeping rooms, furnished j
complete; sunny double room, suitable for
gentlemen.
MISSION, SCS— 2 convenient connecting house-
keeping rooms; also single; sunny.
NINTH, 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for i
light housekeeping: running water: stove.
OCTAVIA, 311— Elegant -new : sunny furnished
bay window; corner floor; bath; gas; yard.
SIXTH, 393, corner Harrison — Sunny fron |
rooms, furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH. 420— Housekeeping rooms; also elegant ,
parlor suite; running water, bath, closets.
TEHAMA. 82, near Second— s9; lower part o
house; first rate order.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com
plete; first floor; bath. gas.
THIRD, 340— Two rooms, complete for house
keeping; rent $7.
THIRTEENTH. 179, near Howard— or 4 unfur-
nished or partly furnished rooms; cheap.
, KOOMS VO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearay -A.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en eulte or i ngle: first-class
in every respect, terms reasonable,
BALBOA, The. 1049 A Market— hands;
renovated; rooms SOc. suites il.per day; less
per week; country trade solicited: elev*tr;tel.
BRUNSWICK— US Sixth St.. corner . Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week: open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, ror. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and rfnees.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un
furnished single and double rms. : $S. $11 mo.
EDDY. Sunny pleasant furnished rooms
central; very desirable; J6 per month upwar<
EDDY, 473 (427)— Two : bright sunny rooms;
large and small; nicely furnished.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— Nice sumy suites
& elng., II 50. $6 wk. ; SOc. $1 day: tel. 81. 1364
FIFTH. 322 — Larjre sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $U.
GEARY, 14A— Sunny front bay-window suite
other rooms; $6 to $10 per month.
GEARY, 402— Newly fur. sunny front rms. : 3
unfur. ; cor. rms.; Ist floor; baths; translen
GEARY, 425, "The Gage"— Elegant furnlsh#<
en suite and siriKie; hot and cold water; batn.
GEARY, 556 — Elegant sunny suites, privilege
light housekeeping; gas, range; other rooms;
reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c tn
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
j GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms: en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
j GROVE, 417 V2 — 2 unfurnished rooms to let.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to f6 • er week.
I HASKELL. The, 121 Powell— New management
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
j LEAVENWORTH, 1503, nr. Jackson— 3 sunny
furnished rooms, bath; $10.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 436 Flfth-Everythin
[ new; rms., single or suite. $1 wk. up; trans
| clent; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
j C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MCALLISTER, 635— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; private; cheap to respectable party
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 933 (Mint House)— Nice .sunny fur-
nlshed rooms; transient; new house; central.
MISSION, 1511%—SmaU room to give to a young
. girl In exchange for her company, evenings;
references required.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month. '
PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms: double, single; first class.
SEVENTH, 179— New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites
single; facing plaza; day or month.
STOCKTON pi., 10, nr. Grant aye.— Single an
double from $5 and up. -
BUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortable furnished
rooms; single and en suite: very reasonable.
TAYLOR, 323 — Nicely furnished ' front rooms
■ en suite or *'*gle: bath, gas.
BOOMS AND HOARD.
BUSH, 1094 — 2 front rooms; excellent home
cooking; 2 meals: reasonable.
FELL, 26—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; pents preferred.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a; week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
Bulteß, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove room
O'FARRELL, 742— Sunny single rra. also sunny-
parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comforts; piano.
SUTTER, 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS,' 400 — Large sunny room with board
for two; separate beds; very cheap. - ■■;c;
VAN NTSSS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished nultes
and single rooms; first-class table board. .■-•-,■•
CIIILDKKN BOARDED.
WOMAN would like child to rr.ise on bottle;
mother's care: no other children; or would
take older child. 106 Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED lady would board infant or
older children; mother's care; $10. 2852 Slx-
teenth St.. near Howard. :
STORES TO LET.
STORE; 3 sunny living rooms; rent $12 50. 310
Fillmore. St., corner HaiKht. ■
'OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. H27 Market~st^
Light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICeTtO CREDITORS— Estate". of
.. 8, • BELCHER, deceased. Notice is hereby
Riven by the undersigned esscotrix of the es-
tate of ISAAC B. BELCHER, deceaj*>d. to
the i creditors of and . all . persons having
claims against the said deceased, to exhibit
them, with the necessary vouchers, " within
ten months after the first publication of this
notice, to the said executrix, at the office
of RICHARD BELCHER, Belcher building
Marysville. California, the same being he
place for the transaction of the business o
the said estate.: ADELINE N. BELCHER
Executrix of the Estate of ISAAC S. BEL-
CHER, deceased. ..'. >
Dated at San Francisco. December 19. IS9B
RICHARD BELCHER '
Belcher building, ; Marysvllle, Cal.,, Attorney
for Executrix. ....-■-..
storage:.
I^ERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlng^CoT
Office 401 Post st.V; cor. Powell; tel. Main «U '
MUSICAL INSTRIHHENTS.
A.T $5 50 PER MONTH INSTAiXmENTsTanB
UPWARD.
• $3 60 per month rent; new pianoi.
Heine upright. ....... ....5295 00
Steinway upright.. ...... JS7 50 ,
Chickering;, upright.. 235 00
Sohmer upright.......... 115 00
Knabe upr1ght....r...... 275 00
And over 20 bargains from ?40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $30 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis st.. Y. M. C. A. building..
A FINE practically new Chickering upright;
carefully selected by the owners at the Ohiek-
erlns factory; sacrificed immediately on ac-
count of loss of business. • See ot at once at
room 12. Flood building.
A MAGNIFICENT new Hallet & Davis piano
will be sold at once to b«st offer. Room 12,
Flood building. '- '
AS we are. selling good upright pianos for $6
cash anil $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steiaway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts,, San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland... ,
A FINE Lift of Bargains in Good Uprights
This Week Only:
Weber $ 50
Stein way ISO
Fisher ". ....(Sacrificed)
Hemme & Long, and others very cheap.
Open evenings until 8:30.
GARDNER & GLASSELL. 216 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest i and largest hmiae
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2fi. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest : every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
AT AUCTION— 6 PIANOS.
To realize money j advanced will auction ">
strictly high grade new pianos (never used)
and one second-hand piano. Friday. Decem-
ber 23. at 2:30 p. m. J. L. LYONS. Auction-
eer. 1075 Fourteenth st., corner Chestnut,
Oakland; private residence.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case $190
Royal piano; oak case 137
Miller piano, rosewood case 19S
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 yearß.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st. . '
A STEINWAY, $175: Steck. $150; Estey, $225:
Fischer, $2."0; Weber, $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $1 51 up: rent allowed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House. 204 Post st.
WM. O. BADGER, 415 ' Sacramento st., agent
for celebrated piano? of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.-
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms. ISIS Market st.
FINE upright Decker piano, cost $550;
bargain. 1012 Polk St..
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only S6O. 216
Post st.
A FINE Steinway and new Chickertng upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
$150— FINE Steinway: great bargain. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister st.. next Hlbornia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 30S Post st.
HAINES Bros.' and other fir?t-e!a*p pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright 'piano, cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 21« McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new (styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPF.RIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLKR. maker. rpr>a'r<"\ 2 Latham nine.
FOR sale— miscellaneous. ~
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont rt.
20-MILE power U. S. regulation n>ld glass,
cost originally $35, for $11, at UNCLE HAR-
IS.' 15 Grant aye. .
FINE Domestic sewing machine. $15: a bicycle
for 18. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
TOOLS and machinery, : every description,
bought, sold and exchanged; send postal. 618
Mission Bt. ' ■ *
GOOD singing canary .birds for sale. 431
Minna st.
F<>!'. Fale— Small billiard table; almost new.
' 757 Hyrrison st.
BARS, back bar*, mirrors,' showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, 6tore and office fur-
' niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. . ' - ' —
BEAUTIFUL diamond bracelet, cost $350; also
solitaire diamond ring, cheap. 43 Sixth st.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. ■
J. R POOL, house-mover, denier second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; teJ. South 757.
SAFES— Bargains In new and Becond-hand ; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. B. F.
GASOLINE englnes-1 h. p.. $100; 2 h. p.. $125;
3 h. p.. $150; 4 hp., $IT3. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
SIX ho'sepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 831.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT. f23 Golden Gate aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. - Sent to any address in the United
■ States, r"'»tpald. for $1 r.n a ypar. <"
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; •no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to . 102S Mission st., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and- private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin " Jewelry
Store, room 408, Parrott building.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003% ■ Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
ON . furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; ■no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6Ms per cent on real estate, Zd
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN-,-24 Montgomery, rm. S.
$5000 IN sums to suit; reliable parties. 120 Elli» |
st., room 4, until Jan. 1,
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MITRPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO 000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition.: Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
____________ _.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. BYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32? | Montgomery.
ATTOUNKYS AT LAW. ~~~~
NO fee unless successful. W. P. ADAMS, at-
torney at law, room .• 607, Emma Spreckela
building, 927 Market St.. . ,
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; divorce -laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice ; open evgs.Atty McCabe, 10S Larkto.
1.. B. CLARK— Emma Spreckela bldg.. J!7 Mar-
. ket: consultation free: no fees In advance. . :
~" AS SESSMEUfTHOTICEi.
ASSESSMENT^ NOTICE — Wittram I'ropdfH
Company, office and principal place . of busi-
ness, 337 Market St., San: Francisco, Cal.
Notice is hereby given, that at a meeting of
the Board of . Directors, held on the 12th day
of December, 1898, - an • assessment (No. 5)
1 of. one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
! capital stock of the corporation, payable im-
mediately in United States gold coin to th*
secretary at. the office of the company at the
above address. ,- ■ ■ . " .
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 17th day of January,
IS:*, will be delinquent and advertised for
eale at public auction, and- unleKx payment
Is made before, will be sold on the 3d day
of February, 1599, to paythe delinquent assess-
, ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale.- By order of the Board of
| ■ Directors. .• • : -
CHARLES A. HUG, Secretary,
i .327 Market st.
_____ _____ ____
Pltv/TOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. December 19, IS9B^
Scaled - proposals, "in triplicate, . will be re-
ceived here until .12 o'clock . m., January 18,
1599, and then opened, lot construction of a
garbage cremator ;at _ Presidio of - San Fran-
cisco, Cal. Government reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all bids In whole or In
part. Preference ' given to . articles of - do-
mestic production,' conditions of. price and
quality (including' in the price of foreign
productions : the duty thereon) being . equal,
and such preference .: given to articles of
American production produced on the Pacific
v Coast to extent " of consumption ' required by
the • public service there. J . Information fur-
nished" on application "to undersigned. En-
velopes containing proposals i should be in-
- dorsed "Proposals for ■ Cremator at . Presidio
of San Francisco, C*l.." «md addressed ; to J.
V M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
I eral. Chief O. M.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$4500— A splendid business corner on Dolores
st.; Improvements consist of a substantial
building containing a store and 4 rooms in the
I rear: also flat abote (if 6 rooms and bath; also
cottage adjoining containing 4 ■ rooina; total ;
rents $3S; eatra large lot. 5&xS7.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
PAYS OVER lo PER CENT.
$3350— Close to Fifth and Market sts.; good
tenement property In a tine renting locality;
this property is offered at a low price in order
to etlect an immediate sale. ' \4 V 9
__AV_M \\ UHiH-ST. XiATS.
Leavenworth s>t., nr. ttuvwty; two-
story building, containing - flats; rent $32.
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22,0C0— Druinm-st. corner, within 1 block of
Market st. large lot; the improvements are old, ]
but pay a fair return on the investment; mort-
gage of $12,000. can remain.
ALMOST A 50-VARA LOT.
$4500— Lyon st.,- nr. Post; a great big lot. with
I old improvements; splendid for teamster or a
I good location to build cheap flats; property
must be sold to close an estate. ' .:"-?'.:"■.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
I'.ernard St.. close to Jones and Pacific;
2 good flats, ster.Uily rented,
i BUILDERS, ATTENTION.
I $3SOO— big bargain: corner lot, 41x100; north-
j east corner of Frederick and Shi _der sts. ; 2
I lots on Frederick st., each 23x100, can be had
t for $1400 each; would make 4 splendid lots.
SEVENTH-ST. CORNER.
$3500— Seventh St., close to Folsom; corner; 1
I 25xS0; ground rent $20 per month.
PAYS 12 PER CENT. '-,
$2500— A good investment, close to Seventh j
I and Folsom sts.; double 2-story bouse; contains
; 10 rooms and basement; always rented; lot
j 23x80.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
$2300— Big bargain In new cottage in Rich-
mond: lot 25x127:6,, on Fourteenth aye., nr.
Clement st. ; house contains 6 rooms, bath, etc.,
and is very cheap; pays 12 per cent.
$5500 — Rent $55; new modern flats on Fred-
erick st., nr. Ashbury: large lots; flats contain
5 and 6 rooms, etc., each.
A BARGAIN.
$4ST.O— Close to Golden Gate Park; new resi-
i dence, containing S rooms and bath and finished
I basement; lot 25x187 :«; this place is brar.d-
| new and has never, been occupied.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$22.500— Handsome modern residence on Bu-
I chanan st., corner; extra large lot; hous<? con-
tains 12 room* and all moiiern conveniences;
best location in the city; will be sold very
cheap :. «■ ■■■--
• . .AN OFFER "WANTED. .
$Cl'oO— Sacramento »t. ; 2 new Hats, 6 and 7
rooms, etc.; lot 27x127; rent $52 50; both rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
_: : ' . . 10 Montgomery st.
$5 MONTHLY! ~
$5 MONTHLY!
$5 MONTHLY!
PARK LOTS $275— I'ARK LOTS $275.
PARK : LOTS $275— PARK LOTS $275.
On Bth, 9th, 10th and 11th Avenues.
. South at and. not a great ivay from Golden
Gate Park. Cheapest residence lots or invest-
ment lots ever offered. Every lot i.s graded and
ready for the builders.
OVER 65 LOTS SOLD
. IN . 6 WEEKS.
WHY?
Come out and see them and you will know:
why they have sold so fast. Title perfect.
Don't wait, as they are goinfj very fast. Get
diagrams from us or at our branch office, cor-
ner of H street and Ninth avenue, open daily
(Sundays and holidays included). Take H-st. j
electric cars, which run to th% Cliff House In
place of the old steam dummy.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
Regulators of Prices in Sunset District.
GOOD TIMES ARE NOW AT HAND!
BUY REAL ESTATE.
CITY REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
$fir,o_Lot 37x120 feet, ready to build; 200 feet
from , G«ary-st. care.
$975 — Cozy cottage, with stable, nice yard; lot i
has double front; great bargain for Christmas.
$1600— 4-room cottage, vicinity Page and Web-
ster sts. . . . • ■ v-, 1 •--
slBoo— Two good flats; always rented; $20;
j near Joneg st. ; only $500 cash.
$90,000— MARKET ST.
$90,000 — Grand purchase near Phelan building; '
under long iease.
$140.000— NEW PROPERTY.
Grand Investment north of Market st. ; very
cheap; pays 6 per cent; 10 years' lease; guar-
anteed 5-slory stone and iron building.
$10,000— BUILDERS, ATTENTION.
Turk-st. corner, with 3 frontages; 50x120 feet;
chance not to be missed; must be sold.
' $15,000-rEDDY-3T. CORNER. . ,
40 feet front; good frame improvements; pays
8 per cent net; a snap-up. ' ■
, OTHER GOOD INVESTMENTS.
A. M. SPECK & CO., GO2 Market et.
AUCTION sale, S. P. Middleton referee,
Wednesday, Dec. 21, 1898, 12 m., at 11 Mont-
gomery St.; lot 25x112:'! feet, west side of
Baker st. north of Sutter st., Nos. 1509 and
1511; two flats, 6 and 7 rooms and bath: large, j
basement; . brick wall and foundations sur-
rounding lot.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
done: will call. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
builder, 521 X st.. Sunset District.
$450— NEBRASKA St., near Nineteenth and
I Lick School; 25x100; $50 cash, balance $8 per
; month; corner $500. Inquire 1328 Hayes st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
300 ACRES near good town; mostly level: con-
trols thousands of acres of range; plenty of
timber; large orchard; house, barns, buggies,
agricultural Implements; on railroad; $1500
cash, balance $2500 on mortgage at low inter-
egt and long time. Box 670, Call office.
•A— £22oo— ranch, 2 miles from town;
Napa; nice house, barn; line orchard of 4
acres; 4 horses; cows, tools, etc. SPECK &
CO.. 602 Market st.
BARGAIN— I4-acre orange grove, bearing:, or
exchange for S. F. property, at SPECK &
CO.'S, 602. Market. St. .
BARGAINS!— B 20-acre. tracts: level, rich val-
ley land; within 25 miles ot Oakland; price
v.ay down.- Box 731. Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
A—ssooo;A — $5000; Sutter-st. flats; want grain ranch, at
A. M. SPECK- & CO.'S, 602 Market st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. \
EQUITY or $2000 In Oakland house and lot; ex-
change for small improved mountain ranch.
Box 3 : '9. Call office. . _^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
30 - MINUTES from San Francisco: 3 minutes
from station; in attractive neighborhood:
new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern;
thoroughly constructed and finely finished; lot
42x125; small payment and monthly install-
ments can tie arranged. HERON & HOL-
COMB, 1050 Broadway.
$4400—38 ACRES; cheapest ranch in California;
4 miles from center Oakland.
OAKLAKD Xl KM 11 FOR SALE.
UKK-iiona «nc) <-he«r. H m HKLL.
HAAP' <"lfl *trrp 4A« Fl»v«>.'>- ■«• <»•■• hi —
ALAMEDA: ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and nee plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st.
lIICIU--t.-Y.'' REAL ESTATE.
— HOUSE of 5 rooms; large lot; street
work all done; electric cars pass the doors; a
bargain. Apply, to JOS.- J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley. . -
$5500— A FIRST-CLASS investment: house of 12
rooms; . near the university; • thoroughly well
;, built; all thei latest Improvements; .street
work all done; leased for $50 net monthly.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley.- : : / /
THE CHEAM OF BERKELEY— ~~
1 1- block from U. C. ; -handsome new 9-room
Colonial home; . porcelain bath, gas. plate
glass windows; modern In every way; finished
■ in natural wooa; yard improved with fine as-
sortment of fruit trees and flowers ; •on ac-
■ count of k owner ; leaving town, .will . seli at
. reasonable figure. Address or call, .H. L.
WURTS, Seventeenth and Broadway, Oak-
land.
FOR SALE— Fine place in the center of Berke-
ley, for chicken . ranch, , milk ranch or home:
acres; housf, barn,- outhouses, windmill
and all Improvements: price. $7000. ' ■ .
- D. J. TOBIN, Real- Estate Agent,
• ■■■--■■■-. ■ 2121 Stanford plhc*. .
. - Re_OLLTIO.*.. — -
RESOLUTION— At a meeting of the Board of
New City Hb.ll Commissioners, held Decem-.
ber ■ 16, 1898, the following ; resolution was
ordered passed to print: ■ ■ .
Resolved, that the • following ' final ac-
ceptance payment be passed to print: James
J. O'Brien, ■on contract. - No. S3, the sum of '
$30,0»i 06; -also final - payment •to John - J
HcGowan. contract" No. 87, sum of $627 50-
John D. Spreckels & , Bros. . Co.. ' $786 50: > John
Quadt, $55; Gladding, ■ Mcßean & Co.,'sGoSso-
W. H. McCormack. $25. , -
Ayes- ommlssloners Phelan, Broderick.
Gallagher.
. ./ . ..'... BAMUEL H. BECKETT; '. ■
Act in* Secretary. |
YUKON MAIL,
RE LI A party returning to Yukon, via
Skagr.ay and Bennett, over the Ice. with dog
teams, will leave San Francisco January 10,
ISSB, for Dawson, Circle City and by sta-
tions on the Yukon River, as far as Ram-
part City; will receive and carry letters sent
in Government stamred envelopes at $1 1 er
letter; letters over 2 ounces will be charged
extra; all must be stamp. according to
weight: letters for Atlin City will be for-
i warded from Bennett. Call or address letters
with fee inclosed.
N. Letters received will be answered
by. postal, which forms a receipt, signed by
the carrier, ii" so desired. . Address C. 'Q.
JOHNSTONE, 331 Kearr.y st., San Francisco,
Cal. _____
~ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
! Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
i Hugh Meehan and Hannah Donohue -42-40
John C. C. Hill to Mary a. Mastorson 6S-65
I Luisi Firpo and Margeritn Vico 30-27
i James McMullen and Ann'- L. Pillow 2S-27
David Lucia and Julia Caaslmo 2S-16
Steven J. Haugh and Josle If. Walton 34-3*
Jacob W. Levy and Carrie Pels ..,. .32-23
BIRTHS— MABRIASSS— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b? handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the rame and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same nublished.
BOBS.
BREEN— In this city. December 11..1598, to the
wife of J. A. Breen, a son.
' HENRY— In this city. December 17. 1898, to the
wife -of W. E. Henry, a son.
PEDDERSEN-In this city, December 20, 1898,
to the wife cf Martin Peddersen. a son.
MARRIED. .■:
: 6HERLOCK-FINLEY— In Panta Clara, De-
1 comber 20, ISjS. at the parsonage of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, by the Rev. H.
B. Heacock. Ixmis F. Sherlock of San Martin
and Irene Fintey of Saratoga.
_____ __
DUES;
Carson, James L. Keetfna.. Myrtle C.
Corrigan, Bridget Kramer. Henry
Cotter. Maurice 1.;:.i-:y, Mrs. Flora A.
Cunningham, L. Loftus. 'U'ill/ni j.
Edwards, John Q. Lowrey, Frank
Fxlwards. William - McGillen. Ellen
Engle, George A. Mattson, Charlotte
Ferre. Lucinda Noonan, John J.
Haas, Charles O'Sulitvan. Han°rah
: Jacob, Aaron Rotwrt*. Frank E. -
Jahns. John H. • Zimmermann. Ainalia
Josselyn, Lockwood
■ CARSON— In this city. December 2", H»8, .fnm"«
Leo, belovpd son of John F. and Mary Car-
j son (nee Dunne), a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 16 days.
I CORRKJAN— In this city. December 19, ISSS.
Bridget Corrican, beloved sister of the lato
Ann Nolan, a native of County Kildare, lro-
I land, aged S4 years.
■ COTTER— In this city, December IS. _9S. Mau-
rice, beloved husband of Catherine Votter.
Hnd father of Peter, Thomas. Mary. Kate, .
Nora and the late David Cotter, a native of
County Cork. Ireland.
Friend- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from his lata
residence, 1361 Stevenson street, between Her-
mann and Thirteenth, thence to Mission Do-
lorei- Church, where a solemn requf_n mass
will be celebrated for the repose or his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, December 19.
1898, Lawrercc, husband of Kate Cunning-
ham, and sister of Mrs. Timothy Sheehy "f
AVatsonvllle. a native of Ireland, azed 72
years.
C_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invit-d to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from his lat»
residence, 2620% Sutter street, thence ito the
I Dominican Church, Bush and Stelner streets,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated at
10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
EDWARDS— In this city, December 19, IS9S.
John G. Edwards, a native of Indiana, aged
52 years 10 months and 25 days.
Funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 11 o'clock, at his late residence. 2021
California street. Interment private.
EDWARDS-In this city, December 20, IS9B,
William Edwards, a native or London, Eng-
land, aged 7S years and 9 months.
! ENGLE— In this city, December 20, IS9B, George
i A., beloved son of N. B. and Mary Ensle, a
native of Michigan, aged 23 years 5 montha
and S days.
.FERRE— In this city, December 19, IS9S. Lu-
cinda, wife ot Horace R. Ferre. and mother
of Sirs. ;A. W. Pattaini and Ella, William
H., Melville and Albert E. Ferre, a native of
! New York City, aged 70 years 4 months and
I 8 days.
tyThe funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2:15 o'clock, at 424
Devisadero street. Interment private.
HAAS— In this city, December 20, 183 S. Charles,
beloved husband of Katharina Haas, and
father of Henry, Ottile and Louisa Haas, a
native of Assenheim, Hesse-Darmstadt, Ger-
many, aged 54 years and 10 months. A mem-
ber of Napa Lodge No. IS, I. O. O. F.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 3 o'clock, at his
late residence, S2O Natoma street, between
Tenth and Eleventh. Interment Friday at
Napa, Cal.
JACOB— In this city. December 20. IS9S, Aaron,
beloved son of Louisa snd the iate Solomon
Jacob, and brother of Mrs. S. Goldstein. Mrs.
L. M. Schvrabacber and Nathan and Henry
. Jacob, a native of San Francisco, axed 35
■ years and 3 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the family
residence, P37 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
JAHNS— In Alameda, December 20. IS9B, John
H., beloved husband of Emilie Jahns, a na-
tive of Osnabruck, Germany, aged 43 years
S months and II days.
EyNotice of funeral hereafter.
JOSSELYN— In this city, December 18, 1898,
Lockwood Hollis. eldest son of Dr. Joseph H.
and Mamie E. Josselyn, a native at San Fran-
cifco. aged 23 years and 11 months.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
("Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from Imp. O.
Redmen's Hall. 320 Post street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KEESINA— In this city, December 20. IS9S,
Myrtle Cecil, daughter of Thomas B. and Rose
Keesina, a native of San Francisco, aged a
years and 3 months.
KRAMER— In this city, December 18, 1898,
Henry Kramer, a native of Germany, aged
61 years.
ET'Friends and acquaintance!! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at T:;'.O o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, S and ]0 City Hall sauare, thence
to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate ave-
nue, near Jones street, where a solemn re-
gulem high mass will be I celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
A Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
LACEY— In this city, December 20, IS9S, Mrs.
■ Flora A. Lacey, beloved sister of Mrs. C. B.
Dawson and Mrs. H. C. Arlington, a native of
Milpitas, Santa Clara County, aged 3S year 3
8 months and 15 days.
LOFTUS— In this city. December 20. IS9B, Wil-
liam Joseph, dearly beloved son of Michael J.
and Mary C. Loftus, brother of Thomas M.
Loftus, and grandson of Martin and Mary
. Gasker, a native of San Francisco, aged X
year 2 months and 20 days.
LOWREY— In this city, December 19, IS9S,
Frank, beloved husband of Charlotte Lowrey,
and father, of Harriet, Ruth and Rachael
Lowrey, a native of Hamilton, Ontario, aged
57 years and 9 months.
McGILLEN— In this city, December 20, 1898,
Ellen, beloved daughter of William and Mary
McGillen, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 11 days.
MATTSON— In this city, December 19, 1898.
Charlotte, dearly beloved wife of Karl Matt-»
son, and cousin of Mrs. John Petersen, a na-
tive of HalmBtadt, Sweden, aged 32 years 10
months and 17 days.
ESTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ■ 2221 Twenty-second street, between
Kansas and Vermont. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery..
NOONAN— December 18. IS9B, John Joseph,
dearly beloved and oldest son of Peter S. and
Margaret Noonan, and brother of Peter F.,
Joseph, Philip and George Noonan. a native
of San Francisco, aged 32 years 7 months and
21 days.
iCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the jjr-
lors :of the Gantner & ' Guntz Undertaking
Company. 8 and 10 City Hall square, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, corner Sixteenth and
Dolores streets. ; where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
• o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'SULLIVAN— In ' this city. December 18. 1808,
Hanorah O'Sul'lvan. a native of County
. Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years. ■ \.» v
ROBERTS— December .19, 1898, Frank Elwin,
. ■.:■■■ beloved I husband of Ntllle Roberts, and son
of, Mary A. Roberts, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years 8 months and 13 days.
_'■ ' Funeral services will be. held- this day
.. (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the residence
of his« mother, 1829 Ellis street. Interment
' private.
ZIMMERMANN— In this city, December 19,
1898, Amalia, eldest and beloved • daughter of
Albert and the late Ernestine Zimmermann,
and sister of Albert Jr. and Mathilda Zim-
mermann, a native of Hoboken, N. J., aged
12 years and 4 months. '..:  -
ICTFriends and: acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
' ..of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission Btreet, near
Eighth. - Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . I
HENRY J. GALLAGHER C0.,~~
" (Successors to Flanatran & Gallagher). ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL:
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln bciJOOl.
Telephone South 80. ; - ..--, . , ,
McAVOYf& CO., I 1
PUNEKAL UiKECTORS 6c. EMBaLMERS I
1235 Market et.. between Bth and 9th. .
Telephone. Bouth 247. < *■*►• v -. |
1314
"BRANDES IS
A FOOL," SAYS
MR. BENNETT
HIS CLIENT DENIES THAT HE KNOWS
MISS OLIVER.
The Girl, However, Reiterates Her Story, Laughs
at Brandes' Evasion and Declares She
Visited His Berkeley Home and Saw
Poor Little Lillian Brutally
Beaten by His Wife.
TV. A. Brandes' duplicity and utter lack
cf honor, further proof of which is given
toy his courtship of 18-year-old Emma Ol
lver while representing himself to be a
Fingle man, as published exclusively in
The Call yesterday morning, seems to be
only equaled by his dense stupidity.
The man who is straining every nerve
to save Ms neck from the hangman's
has heretofore been credited with
possessing n certain amount of shrewd
larp< !y because of the adroit man
ner in which he has apparently suo •
in explaining away various suspicious cir
cumstances tending to connect him and
the woman who bears his name with the
cruel death of his little daughter. Brandes
5s evidently not Bhrewa. He is cunning,
but his cunninjjn. \-< is apparently of the
shallow variety that serves for a brief
Space t.-> deceive the uninitiated and falls
away like a mask when subjected to scru
tiny. His net in writing a letter to Miss
Oliver after his arrest on the charge of
murder, in which he kept up the prepense
that he was single and that the man
charged with the horrible crime was his
brother, was a piece of foolishness bor
dering on the idiotic, and is so character
ized by the accused man's attorneys.
"Thaj story published in The Call this
morning was a great surprise to m<> and
•will prove a strong card for th<- prosecu
tion," said Attorney J. E. Bennett yester
day afternoon. "That is, ' he added, cau
tiously, "if Brandes really wrote that let
ter. 1 do not believe he could have done a
thing so supremely foolish. If he did it
■was worse than foolish; it was idiotic.
However, 1 have no apprehension that
such a letter exists and it will probably
be shown when the time comes that the
prirl's story is nothing more than a lot of
idle gossip."
Notwithstanding an attempt to be cheer
ful, however, the attorney could not hide
his disgust and chagrin at the I
development in the case It is no si en t
that Brandes' pas: is "ivinu his attorney!
a great deal of concern and everything of
this nature that is brought to the surface
makes their task all the harder.
Brandes was inclined to make light of
the story when seen in the County
l>ut he denied any knowledge of Miss Ol
iver. Hi disposed of the matter thus:
■ "My mother was a lady; my sister is a
lady, an>l ] would not say anything to in
jure a lady. I have no recollection of Miss
Oliver and I am quite sure 1 never met
any one answering her description, or of
that name."
•■(if course." he added, swelling out his
eh» st and twirling his mustache, "I knew
a great many ladles, Inn 1 do not r^nrni
ber -ill their names. I never told any lady
J was single, but I did not show everj
I met my marriage certificate.' If Miss
Oliver says she has a letter written I
1 y me she is mistaken. I have never writ
ten to her and do not know her."
Miss Oliver did nut realize the impor
tance ar:d probable consequence of her
connection with Brandes until sn<
her name in print, and now she liv. - in
constant dread of being summoned
witness in the rase. She kept berseli s. -
eluded yesterday anil only consented to
be seen after she had been assured
the caller was a Call reporter and not a
Deputy Sheriff with a subpena for her to
appear in court.
The girl who says Brandes paid court
to her Is pretty and petite, and does not
look to be IS. which she acknowledges to
be her age, even though she wear
glasses. In fact, the glasses are decid
edly becoming. Without them she would
appear to be scarcely more than a child.
when told that Hrandes denied any i
lection of her she threw up both hands
with a little gesture of surprise.
"oh, my. did he say tuat?" she cried.
"Why. I hay.- known him a lone time
Artistic
Carlsbad China
Decorated in green festoon 3
with gold tracings and histor-
ical head center. Graceful
shapes
Tea, Cake, Fruit, Dessert
and Bread Plates. Tea,
Moustache, Chocolate,
and After Dinner Coffee
Cups. Pen, Pin, Comb
and Brush Trays. Fancy
and Shaving Mugs. Bon
Bons and everything
pretty.
Inducing prices
Great America nimport'gTea Co,
861 Market. »i.Prwill 705 I.orkln St.
140 Sixth St. 1410 Polk St.
2l*lh(rJ-t. 1819 Dcvlsadero St.
806 hcarny St. 2008 Flllmore St.
146 .Ninth St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Missl n St. 1 190 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 liayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053Washin?tonSt 131 San Pablo Are.
§17 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
▲LAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St.. soar Fourth.
Write (or Catalogue.
over seven months. Tt's funny that he
should say that he did not remember me."
And the mite of womanhood smiled at
the absurdity of Brandes' repudiation.
"When did you first meet Brandes?"
■was asked.
"I met him at his house when he lived
in Berkeley. I had some friends living
next door to him and went with them to
call on his daughter Lillian. After that
I called quite often to see Lillian. She
w;ts a nice, quiet girl and very affection
ate."
She said Brandes told her he was a sin
gle man and that Mrs. Hrandes was his
brother's wife. She sulil that Brandes
Miss Oliver Saw Mrs. i
Brandes Whip Lil
lian.
never whipped his daughter while she
was at his house, but that Mrs. Brandes
whipped her severely on one occasion for
a trival offei
"She took her by the shoulders - and
shook her and slapped her hard."- she
said, her eyes flashing: v.ith indignation at
the recollection, "because Lillian did- not
jump. up and do something she wanted
her to do at once,"
She repeated the story of Brandos call
ing to Bee her at her house and meeting
her on the street. She finally became
convinced that he was married and avoid
ed him as much as possible. In answer
to the alleged murderer's .statement that
he never wrote to her, she said positively:
the alleged murderer's statement that
never wrote to her. she said positively:
"He did write to me. He wrote me
since he was arrested, and I have the let
ter now."
Brandes' attorneys have evolved a
clever scheme to shut out the testimony
of two Important witnesses for the prose
cution. It is admitted that Brandes was
married to Mrs. Mary Arellanes Brandes
in Santa Cruz fifteen years ago, and that
wo important witnesses for the prose
on, it is admitted that Brandea was
;ried to Mrs. Mary Arellanea Brandes
Santa Cruz fifteen years ago. and that
there is no record of the divorce he
claims to have secured from her. Con
lently her testimony will be.obiected
to by the defense on the ground that a
wife cannot testify against her husband.
This objection would not be good, of
course, in the case of the second Mrs.
Brandes. as although it can be proved
that she was married to Brandes seven
■ or eight years ago in San Francisco, she
is not legally his wife. But as her tes
timony in the case would tend to incrimi-
n ate her. she also will l>e excluded from
the witness stand on that ground. This
is regarded as an important matter and
the attorneys for the defense, feel highly
elated at having put the prosecution in a
hole, ao to speak.
But the defense is apprehensive of the
effect Miss Oliver's testimony will have
in case she is put on the stand :ind of
the probable revelations of a similar char
acter concerning Brandes' doings that
may develop.
TO PROTEQT STATE INTERESTS.
Regents of the University Meet to
Discuss the Subject.
Tho special committee consisting of
Hems. Phelps. Hallldic and Denicke ap- j
pointed at the last meeting of the unlver- j
sky regents to consider the Question as
tn wbat might be best done through the J
university to protect the fruit, dairy and i
cattle industries and preserve our forests ;
met yesterday afternoon in the offices of
Mr. Hallldie. Secretary J. A. Fllcher of ;
the Board of Trade. Elliott McAllister of
the Sierra Club ;md President Martin
Kellogg were also in attendance, and the
various questions of momentous interest j
to the State of California were thorough
ly discussed and remedial plans were sug-
Regent Hallidie presented a resolution
which was adopted directing Chairman
Phelps to confer with the president of the
agricultural department of the univer
sity, the secretary of the Board of Trade,
the president of the Manufacturers' and
Producers" Association and a representa
tive of exporters to the end that an act
may be prepared for presentation to the
Legislature in which provision will be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1898.
made for a practical remedy to meet tho
exportation of infected fruit.
Elliott McAllister addressed the com
mittee on the forestry Interests and asked
the regents to provide for a school of
forestry similar to the one established
by Cornell University at Adirondack
Park.
Regent Denicke's resolution that Chair
man Phclps consult with a committee con
sisting of representatives from the Sierra
Club, Board of Trade. Miners' Associa
tion, department of agriculture of the
University of California and Stanford
University to prepare a bill to that effect
for the legislature was adopted.
A resolution was adopted requesting the
Legislature to appropriate necessary
funds, not to exceed $5000, for the appoint
ment under the department of agriculture
of one veterinarian and a dairy instructor
to report on the conditions of livestock
and dairies throughout the State. The
committee will recommend the adoption
of the resolutions to the regents.
WHAHF REPAIRING BIDS.
An Irregular Proposal Before the
Harbor Commission That
Threatened a Storm.
The State Senate Investigating Com
mittee on Harbor Commission affairs met
yesterday and immediately adjourned,
consequently the board went into a meet
ing of its own, President Colnon In the
chair and Commissioners Harney and
Herold on the side.
The matter of repairing Union-street
wharf brought out ten eager bidders.
Just before the sealed envelopes were
opened the representative of the Darby
Laydon Company sent in word that he
desired to withdraw his bid and imme
diately return it. His request was irreg
ular and was refused. He then stated
that the board would rind that by reason
of a clerical oversight his bid was un
signed. This brought out a vigorous pro
test from other bidders present. They
designated it as a contractor's trick, and
if that bid was found to be the lowest the
next lowest bidder would enjoin the com
ing contract. The board decided, how
ever, to open the Darby Laydon bid first.
let the agent sign it and consider the pro
posal with the others. The bid was for
$4001 92. and all who knew their own ttg
urea were above this renewed their pro
tests.
The bids ran: Cotton Brothers, $4359 10;
San Francisco Bridge Company. $4."ißf. 30;
Healy, Tibbits & Co., $4570 50; Thompson
Bridge Company, $4035 60; Pacific Con
struction Company, $4821 43; California
Bridge and Construction Company, $4999;
P. P. Dundon & Co.. $4090; M. McCarthy,
14984 25. There was one more bid with the
protested bid of the Darby Laydon Com
pany in the lead. Injunctions were in the
air ;imi all classes of troubles were threat
ening. But the clouds wetfe happily dis
pelled, as the remaining sealed envelope
contained the bid of James McMahon for
$3814 75. This probably Saved the State
a mess of litigation, as the other bidders
were determined to protest against the
I>;irhy r.aydon proposal should It have
been the winner. President Colnon ex
plained that he allowed the sipning of
the bid then because he was satisfied that
ft was only a clerical error, as Darby l,ay
don never put in a bid or proposal of any
surt that did not contain an error of some
kind. They even sent pold coin Instead
of the Hipned check which must accom
pany every bid.
.Frederick Miller was awarded the con
tract for building sheds and scale house at
the north and south ends of the ferry
building for $2479.
A Novelty in Natural Palms.
Many a person who has admired the
beautiful decorative effect of palms
has bemoaned the impossibility of
keeping the leaves always green ami
bright. Now comes a genius who has
preserved the palms, which under his
process are always fresh looking and
as far superior to artificial cloth palms
as is gold to brass. Nathan, Dorhmann
& Co. are showing them as a delight
ful novelty and selling them at prices
from $2 50 to $5.
Gavel for Lieutenant Governor Neff.
General A. W. Barrett and Colonel Fred
Burgln last October obtained a piece of
wood from a fallen chestnut tree at
Mount Vtrnon, near the tomb of Wash
ington. From this wood a gavel was
Wrought which was presented to Hon.
Jacob H. Neff, Lieutenant Governor elect.
The gavel will be used when Mr. Neff
calls the incoming State Senate to order.
The gavel, which is silver mounted and
beautifully polished, bears this inscrip
tion: "Jacob 11. Neff, Lieutenant Gov
ernor State of California, January 3
1899.
The sword 1b mljfhty: so Is the pen.
And mightier is the gavel
In the hand? of honest men.
Retmlfl/r TVTf>nls 25c.
A good lunch. 15c. The Ralston, 783
Market street •
CAPTAIN VON
SCHMIDT SUED
FOR DIVORCE
SOME SENSATIONAL CHARGES MADE
BY HIS WIFE.
She Says He Often Threatened to Kill Her and
Once He Shot at Her— Yon Schmidt
Says the Woman Is Not in Her Right
Mmd — Alameda Much Inter
ested in the Case.
Isabella yon Schmidt left her home, 2221
Central avenue, Alameda, yesterday, tak
ing her five children with her. While her
husband, E. A. yon Schmidt, the pilot, and
son of Colonel yon Schmidt, the civil en
gineer, was waiting for his wife and fam
ily to return to dinner there was a tug at
the door bell and a Deputy Sheriff handed
him the summons in a divorce suit. «
According to the statement of Mr. yon
Schmidt, although there had been con
siderable friction in his household, espe
cially over financial matters, he had no
intimation whatever that his wife contem
plated securing a separation.
"When 1 left home this morning," he
paid, "she was unusually pleasant in her
demeanor and I was taken right off my
feet when I was served with this com
plaint by way of an appetizer for my sup
per."
The Yon Schmidts have resided for
years in one of the most aristocratic sec
tions of Alameda and have moved in the
best social circles.
The divorce complaint charges the hus
band with innumerable acts of cruelty.
The wife alleges that she was forced to
flee with her children from her home and
is concealing their present abode for fear
of their lives. The document was sworn
to Monday, when Mrs. yon Schmidt was
still dwelling with her husband at 2221
Central avenue. She alleges that on Oc
tober 15. 1893, he attempted to kill her and
did discharge a pistol at her at their
home. On another occasion— July 15, 1897—
she claims he threatened to kill her while
they were visiting at Leona Heights, and
he went to the extent of drawing his pis
tol, but did not use it. Many other al
leged acts of cruelty are specified.
Mr. yon Schmidt talked freely of the
Buit and his family affairs this evening to
a Call reporter.
"We were married about fourteen years
ago in San Francisco," he said. "My
present wife was a ballet dancer and her
name wan Isabella Hill. I was living with
my lirst wife when I met her."
He said Mrs. yon Schmidt No. 1 took a
great fancy to the young lady, telling
him she was too good to waste her life
on the variety stage and urged him to
adopt her. When the first Mrs. yon
Schmidt died Isabella Hill, the ballet
dancer and plaintiff in the present suit,
took her place. After a time Mr. and Mrs.
yon Schmidt went to Australia, and dur
ing their stay there they experienced
their first domestic discord. In several
months he had given his wife $800 for
household expenses and was astonished
to find that she had used but $10<) for that
purpose and had run bills against him for
the balance. He taxed her with lavish-
Ing the remainder of the money on Harry
Skifls, an old flame. A similar state of
affairs has existed, off and on, during the
family's years of residence In this city.
"It has always been money, money'"
said Mr. yon Schmidt. "I would give her
$100 to pay the bills and later I would be
WILL RULE THE FRONT.
Ex-Senator Percy L Henderson, Who Will Be
Appointed Chief Wharfinger.
GEORGE W. ROOT, who was elected at the last general election to the
office of Clerk of the Supreme Court, yesterday tendered his resigna
tion as Chief Wharfinger of San Francisco to the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners. It is definitely settled that the board at its next
regular meeting will appoint ex-Senator Percy I*. Henderson to fill the
'•vacancy caused by Mr. Root's resignation. Mr. Henderson is a capable and
popular man, who possesses the qualifications necessary for the position
in question. He represented the Twenty-second Senatorial District In the
Upper House of the Legislature and served his constituents in a com
mendable manner.
Mr. Henderson was born in San Francisco February 5. ISTO. and received
his education in the public schools of this city and the Santa Clara College.
Since attaining his majority he has taken an active interest in the public
jiffiiirs of the community. He was appointed Deputy County Recorder of
San Francisco under Recorder Glynn, and was subsequently appointed
special gauger in the United States Internal revenue service. To make
the race for the Senatorship he resigned his position in the Federal
service.
dunned by the butcher and baker for
what was owing them."
Yon Schmidt was injured in San Fran
cisco November 4 of this year, and when
he limped home that evening he found
evidence of what leads him to believe
now- that his wife is not in her right mind.
She had frequently stated, so he says,
that she would not be with him long. That
evening he found her lying unconscious on
her bed. He at once suspected that she
had taken poison. Dr. Tisdale was sum
moned and worked over the woman for
hours before she recovered from her com
atose condition. After she regained her
health she complained for weeks of hav
ing a cold place on the top of her head.
"Regarding these charges of shooting,"
Paid Yon Schmidt, "they are partly true.
The first allegation is over an occurrence
at Menlo Park. My wife shouted that
robbers were trying to get into the house.
I grabbed my six-shooter and ran to the
front door. I tried to open It, but it was
chained rind the sudden jerk it gave it ex
ploded the gun. We have often talked of
the affair and laughed over It.
"I will acimit that I did threaten to kill
her at L,eona Heights, but I had no more
idea of doing so than T have of shooting
you now with this walking stick. She
went there to associate with people whom
I did not like and whom I did
not think were proper company for
the mother of my children. She told me
to mind my own business, and I told her
that if she was going to run that way I
would send her and myself to another
country. I pulled my revolver and she
fell on her knees, implored forgiveness
and promised to mend her ways. For
months after that we never lived so hap
pily."
Yon Schmidt says he will fight the case
to the end. He is willing to make any rea
sonable provisions for his children, but
further than that he will contest any ef
fort to compel him to pay alimony. Hia
wife asks for alimony to the amount of
$100 a month and $200 for attorney fees.
The couple have four sons and a daugh
ter, the eldest of whom is 13 years of age.
We have just received about 200 16x20
colored photo panels, mounted on glass,
with large projecting corners. Comingin so
late we will have to cut the regular price
of $10 50 each to $7 50 each in order to close
them out before Christmas. First come,
lirst served. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street •
Suicide of a Consumptive.
George Engle, a painter residing at 714
Capitol avenue, Ocean View, took a
draught of carbolic acid yesterday morn
ing at half-past 3 o'clock and died,lmme
diately. He was far gone with consump
tion, and had frequently threatened to
make away with himself. An inquest will
be held.
Baldwin Fire
Sale of the Klmberly gem and watch
house. Only four more days to buy
watches and jewelry saved from the
Baldwin fin- at X 2X 2 of manufacturers' cost.
123 Kearny street. •
ADVERTISEMENTS^
HOLIDAY GOODS!
The attention of our customers is
respectfully directed to the follow-
ing New Lines of HOLIDAY GOODS,
suitable for CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
Ladies' Initialed Handkerchiefs, Gents' Silk Umbrellas,
Ladies' Novelty Neckwear, Gents' Kid Gloves,
Ladies' Em'b'd Handkerchiefs, Gents' Fancy Neckwear,
Ladies' Feather Scarfs, Gents' Silk Reefers,
Ladies' Kid Gloves, Gents' Silk Underwear,
Ladies' Silk Ties, Gents' Merino Hose,
Ladies' Silk Umbrellas, Gents' Initialed Handkerchiefs,
Ladies' Silk Skirts, Gents' Wool Underwear, ■
Ladies' Fancy Aprons, Gents' Silk Handkerchiefs,
Ladies' Fine Underwear, Gents' Dress Shirts,
Ladies' Silk Waists, Gents' Cambric Handkerchiefs,
Ladies' Moreen Skirts. Gents' Wool Underwear.
We have also a splendid assortment of
Fine SILK-COVERED PILLOWS, Fine WHITE
BLANKETS, SILK and SATIN COVERED DOWN
COMFORTERS, KNIT SHAWLS, LACE SCARFS,
BUREAU SETS and LACE BED SETS.
STORE OFE/V EVENINGS UNTIL
CHRISTMAS.
111, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
-^
"li * Every Thursday throughout »aj
the year to young and old in
more than half a million homes
W YOUTH'S
COMPANION
is a welcome guest. The Com-
panion will begin the new vol-
ume for '99 by presenting in the
New Year's Number, Jan. 5,
under the title, "Little De-
mons of War," an article by
Hon. John D. Long
Secretary of the Navy, in
which he tells the story of the
United States torpedo-boat
service. __ __
COMPANION CALENDAR
—the most beautiful souvenir ever
given to Companion Readers —
Free to New Subscribers.
TLEASE BEND ME FOR THE $1 "B
ENCLOSED WITH THIB SUP. The
Youth' • Companion every week until
Jan., 1900, and the Companion Cal-
•ndar, lithographed in 12 colon with
border of railed gold NY334
Jllustratrd Announremrnt of 1899
Volume and Sample Copin Free. '
PERRY MASON & CO., Boston, Mass. _
f=*r .- jr3
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW GOOD
GUINNESS' STOUT
and BASS' ALE
is, unless you have tried the
DOCS HEAD BRAND
.■■■.-..-■ ■ ■ . ■
. Bottled BY .
READ BROS., London.
The Dogs Head Brand is for sale by all
first-class dealers.
WM. WOLFF i CO., Agents.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
* ntf TKr Full Set of Teeth
2&&r*%'l s^f> extracting freessooup ,
lr«fT Gold Crowns 22k J3 .soup
«y*-"^Er J^SCT Fillings - - - 25Cts.up
4f* « =: SsSJ^V_G Open Kvenlrijj!»& SundaT*
§T^M*fflisC% VAN vroom
AiSVVfcr Electro Dsntol Parlors
*2a^N\ r-Sixthr -Sixth and Markot (
w - '- : Dr. Q W. Klelstr, Prep. I
ISTV\XE7V\EINT
— or the —
SNDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
I |"|F SAX FRANCISCO. IX THE STATE OF
v California, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1597, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
In cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $379,200 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 463.454 S5
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,913,480 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, ftotks and other market-
able securities as collateral 160,689 34
Cash in company's office 6,923 40
Cash in banks 253,304 61
Interest due and accrued on ell
■tockl and loans 640 51
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 9.322 69
Premiums in due course of collection 396, 53S 27
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 83,689 45
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid S.SSO 79
Warrants 5. 075 45
Fire premium notes 10.SS8 34
Total assets $3,734,595 90
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $34,569 70
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 93,775 01
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 7,000 ft/
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,020,525 37:
reinsurance 60 per cent 510,262 68
Gross premiums on fire risk* run-
ning more than one year. $1,291,-
647 IS; reinsurance pro rata 637,268 1]
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks, reinsurance
100 per cent M.7SO 83
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent 61,444 88
All other demands against the com-
pany 113,149 93
Total liabilities $1,481,251 15
INCOME. •
Net cash actually receivea for fire
premiums $L 438,300 79
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums • • 308.44S 63
Cved for interest on bonds and
tgages 29.168 34
ved for interest and dividends
bonds, stocks, loans and from
other sources 111.099 41
Received for rents 25,107 50
I^otal incom? $1,912,123 68
EXTKNDITURES.
amount paid for fire losses $693,531 73
amount paid tor marine losses.. 229,742 58
Sends to stockholders 120,000 00
or allowed for commission or
.kerage • •• 232,150 5J
Paid for salaries, feas and other
charges for officers, clerk?, etc 209,712 05
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 41.294 48
All other payments and eipendl-
Total expenditures $1,700,551 5(
Fire. Marine.
Losses incurred during the
year $713.596 01 $248.873 98
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $167,331,860 $2,050,058 33
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 153,219,278' 1,943,093 76
Net amount In force De-
cember 31, 1897 195, 556.M0 1 2.312.172 55
Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $65,031,020 $514,678 61
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 62.538,102 483.146 06
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1597 6,227,774 136,670 59
WM. J. DUTTON. Vice President.
BERNARD FAYMOXVILLE, Seoretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th
day of January, 1«98. M. M. RHORER,
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKXY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
niodeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Kooms 50c to $1 50 day
$5 to IS week; $S to $30 month, baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.