VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 173.
HALF A MILLION DOLLARS SUBJECT TO
ATTACHMENT BY McDONALD'S CREDITORS
The Old Banker's Valuable Possessions at
Norfolk Will Legally Be Seized
and Confiscated.
J. B. flaggin and Horace W. Carpentier Assisted the
Dishonest Financier to Cheat His
Victims.
The Call presents this morning the facts that enable the de
positors of the People's Home Savings Bank and the creditors of
the Pacific Bank to recover half a million dollars from Dr. B>. H.
McDonald. This enormous sum of money, that is owned by the old
president of the Pacific Bank, is at Norfolk and is held in the
names of two dishonest corporations. These concerns are known as
the Norfolk Company and the Park Place Company. Title to Dr.
McDonald's property was acquired by these companies through a
series of crooked transfers and real estate transactions. When Dr.
McDonald realized that the Pacific Bank was on the verge of col
lapse he organized the Norfolk Company and the McDonald Com
pany of Norfolk. All of his valuable holdings, aggregating in
amount over $500,000, were transferred to these companies. This
was only the beginning of the dishonest manipulation by which
Dr. McDonald hoped to cheat his creditors. The property was again
transferred to Horace W. Carpentier and J. B. Haggin for an osten
sible consideration of $180,000. Haggin and Carpentier again
transferred the property to Theodore N. Ramsay, who lost but very
little time in turning it over to the Park Place Company, in whose
name it new stands. There is not the remotest doubt that the prop
erty belongs to Dr. B. H. McDonald and is legally subject to con
fiscation 'iry the creditors of the McDonald banks.
•In fulfillment of its promise The
Call presents this morning the evi
dence that is necessary and sufficient
for the robbed depositors of the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank and the de
luded creditors of the Pacific Bank to
recover at least $500,000 that rightfully
belongs to them.
This enormous sum of money is rep
resented in land at Norfolk, Va., and,
although it is recorded in the names
of certain companies, it is really the
property of R. H. McDonald and sub
ject to confiscation under the rules of
civil procedure.
This property belongs to Dr. McDon
ald and was so conditioned that the de
positors and creditors of the McDonald
banks could not levy upon it. Lawyers
and creditors have striven in vain for
nearly six years to prove the fact of
the old man's deliberate dishonesty.
The Call is in a position this morning
to present these facts, and nothing is
left except the necessary legal proceed
ings that will recover the property to
the depositors. This property, which,
as already indicated, is of immense
value, is situated in Norfolk, Va. It Is
now recorded in the names of the cor
porations known as the Norfolk Com
pany and the Park Place Company,
two concerns organized by Dr. Mc-
Donald to defraud his creditors and to
insure to him the possession of prop
erty that does not belong to him right
fully.
In what follows The Call will show
how Dr. McDonald's valuable interests
were transferred dishonestly to these
corporations. Every step in the legal
jugglery that was necessary to protect
the old financier from his creditors will
be traced in detail, and the depositors
may then take the course that is neces
sary to recover the property. Some
time ago action was instituted to re
cover some of this property, and
through the neglect or the incapacity
of the attorneys employed by the de
positors of the People's Home Savings
Bank only $15,000 was forced from Dr.
McDonald. Instead of that insignificant
sum over half a million dollars should
have been regained. The Call will
show this morning how the money may
still be recovered through proper legal
action.
While the property at Norfolk be
longs to Dr. McDonald, and he now en
joys the revenue acquired from it, the
land is rightfully the property of the
depositors and creditors of the Pacific
Bank and the People's Home Savings
Bank.
The facts that prove this are of gen
eral public importance. The history
that is necessary to demonstrate Dr.
McDonald's possession and ownership
of this property is of exceptional inter
est. The names of men prominent in
this community and others are neces
sarily involved in the recital. Dr. Mc-
Donald was powerful in this city and it
was his privilege to us^ prominent men
In his scheme to rob his creditors. In
his gigantic plot to protect himself from
the legitimate consequences of his
wretched financiering he was able to
use the names of such men as J. B.
Haggin and Horace W. Carpentier. It
will be remembered that Carpentier
was the man who loaned his name and
his influence to Dr. McDonald to cheat
the creditors of the Pacific Bank out
of the Market-street property.
Carpentier in conjunction with Hag
gin went further than that and helped
to defraud the creditors of the banking
institution out of the tremendously
valuable property which is located at
The San Francisco Call
Norfolk. In the expose The Call pre
sents this morning there is not a fact
or detail missing. It will be shown to
the general public and those more
vitally interested that a few days be
fore the Pacific Bank went down in
disgraceful bankruptcy Dr. R. H. Mc-
Donald organized at Norfolk two dis
honest corporations. One of these con
cerns was known as the Norfolk Com
pany, to which Dr. R. H. McDonald
transferred a great deal of land that
he owned in the suburbs of Norfolk
City. This company meant and means
simply nothing more or less than Dr.
R. H. McDonald himself. The prop
erty that stands in the name of the
Norfolk Company belongs to Dr. R. H.
McDonald and is subject to legal con
fiscation.
ORGANIZATION OF THE McDONALD COM-
PANY.
The other corporation that was organ
ized by Dr. R. H. McDonald is not now
in existence. It was known as the
"McDonald Company," and was or
ganized six days before the Pacific
Bank failed, and two days after Frank
V. McDonald, without authority, trans
ferred the Market-street property of his
father to the fake corporation that had
been organized to cheat the creditors
of the McDonald banks. With an in
solence that seems almost incredible
Dr. R. H. McDonald used the names of
honest men to conduct this scheme.
When the dishonesty of the organizers
became apparent these men retired in
disgust from the company and a re
organization became a necessity. The
company was remodeled and new men
were introduced and new schemes
were planned. The old banker, who
wished to save his private fortune
from his creditors, saw that he would
have to more completely disguise his
operations if he wished to retain his
property. He therefore had the "Mc-
Donald Company" transfer his valuable
water-front lands in Norfolk to Horace
W. Carpentier and J. B. Haggin, two
intimate and serviceable friends of the
old man. They in turn transferred the
property to Theodore N. Ramsay.
This transaction took place when it
became apparent to the conspirators
that publicity threatened to destroy all
of the results of the tremendous theft.
Hamsay was a willing tool of Dr. Mc-
Donald, and when the proper time came
did as he was told. It was necessary to
involve the valuable interests of Dr.
McDonald in a bewildering maze of
legal technicality. Transfer after trans
fer became imperative, and although
the water-front property at Norfolk
had passed from Dr. McDonald to the
"McDonald Company," from the "Mc-
Donald Company" to Horace W. Car
pentier and J. B. Haggin and from
them to Theodore N. Ramsay, it was
necessary still to make another trans
fer.
Dr. McDonald, who has been exposed
to this city as one of the most crafty
and dishonest bankers that ever op
erated in the town, was equal to the
occasion. He organized another com
pany, the Park Place Company, to
which Theodore N. Ramsay transferred
all of the interests held by him. The
consideration for this transfer was,
from any point of view that may be
taken, absolutely absurd. For a con
sideration of five dollars Theodore N.
Ramsay transferred to the Park Place
Company land that was worth hun
dreds of thousands of dollars.
This land belongs to the robbed de
SAN. FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1893— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
dr. McDonald and his influential allies.
The Call presents this morning the evidence that is sufficient for the creditors of the McDonald banks to recover over half a million dollars which is
owned by Dr. R. H. McDonald at Norfolk. This enormous sum of money Is represented in land owned by the old banker, but now held in the
names of two corporations, the Norfolk Company and the Park Place Company. When the Pacific Bank was on the verge of collapse Dr. McDon
ald dishonestly transferred his Norfolk property to protect it from legal confiscation. The property passed through several hands and finally ap
peared in the names of the corporations thus indicated. In the various transactions J. B. Haggin and Horace W. Carpentier acted as advisors and
allies of the old banker.
positors of the People's Home Savings
Bank and the deluded creditors of the
Pacific Bank.
The Park Place Company is the cor
porate existence of Dr. R. H. McDon
ald himself. For the first time this vi
tally important fact has been made
public to the people of San Francisco.
The way is now clear for a legal con-
fiscation of the tremendously valuable
interests of Dr. R. H. McDonald at
Norfolk. In his great scheme to de
fraud the depositors of the People's
Home Savings Bank and the creditors
of the Pacific Bank, Dr. R. H. McDon
ald was thoroughly aware of the legal
conditions that limited his operations.
When he realized that the Pacific Bank
was about to fail he determined to take
every possible legal action to protect
himself from the confiscation of his
private fortune. He had already or
ganized the Norfolk Company and had
transferred to it many acres of land in
the suburbs of Norfolk City.
THE HISTORY OF THE OLD BANKER'S
PLOT.
That was, however, the beginning of
his scheme. He had already deliberate
ly robbed the Pacific Bank of over
$200,000, and he determined that he
would secure himself through legal
technicality from the loss of hundreds
of thousands of dollars more. He knew
that the dishonorable end of the Paci
fic Bank was inevitable, and he sent for
one of his attorneys. His attorney was
informed of the true condition of af
fairs and was instructed to involve the
private property of Dr. McDonald in
such a maze of legal obscurity that it
would be impossible for the creditors
of the Pacific Bank to trace the move
ments of the wily old financier.
The conference between Dr. McDon
ald and his attorney took place in New
York City in the early part of June,
1893. The old man declared that he
wished to place his property beyond
the possibility of attachment. The at
torney was ordered to exercise his legal
knowledge anu institute the necessary
proceedings to cover the tracks of the
old banker. The attorney and Dr. Mc-
Donald went from New York to Nor
folk, and the day after they arrived in
Virginia the McDonald Company was
organized. Dr. McDonald transferred
to this bogus corporation all of his
Norfolk property that had not already
been transferred to the Norfolk Com
pany. After the organization of the
"McDonald Company" and the trans
fer of the old man's property
to this organization the aged
banker and his attorney left Norfolk.
The fact that the "McDonald Com
pany" was organized simply for the
purpose of defrauding the creditors and
the victims of the wrecked banks has
been public property for over five years.
How the company was organized, how
ever, has never been exploited. The
fact that even at that stage of the pro
ceedings Dr. McDonald did not dare
show his hand in the transfer of his
property has never been published. The
records of the courts of Norfolk, how
ever, show that McDonald and his at
torney disguised all of their movements
and did not record any of the transfers
made by McDonald to the company
bearing his name. It was known In
this city as a matter of gossip that Mc-
Donald had first transferred his valu
able holdings to the McDonald Com
pany and then from the McDonald
Company to Horace W. Carpentier and
J. B. Haggin. It has been, however,
impossible to prove this fact until now.
McDonald did transfer property that
was worth and is worth at least five
hundred thousand dollars to the Mc-
Donald Company, and he is now en
joying a revenue from the land.
All of the old banker's propert" that
waa not included in the transfers to the
Norfolk Company was deeded over to
the McDonald Company. These deeds,
however, were not recorded for the
simple reason that at that time the old
banker and his attorney did not dare
risk the uncertain chance of publicity.
Dr. McDonald came Into possession of
the Norfolk property shortly after the
war o-f the rebellion. The earliest re
ported transaction in which his name
figures occurs in 1872, when the old man
gained possession of a very consider
able amount of Norfolk land, situated
chiefly on the water front. This land
rapidly increased in value until the
time when C. P. Huntington and the
Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad sought
to make Newport News, which is just
across the James River, an important
port of export and entry. McDonald
understood the advantage of his posi
tion and held the land, with the idea
that the great railroad magnate would
seek to obtain it.
THE NORFOLK COMPANY BROUGHT INTO
EXISTENCE.
The property was retained by the old
banker for many years. The letters of
his son indicate how clearly the family
hoped to retain this property as a new'
basis for a new fortune after the fail
ure of the McDonald banks. When
this failure became inevitable Dr. Mc-
Donald and his son Frank planned to
retain the property and protect it from
any possible attachment by the cred
itors of the defunct banks. On June
8, 1893, fourteen days before the Pacific
Bank failed, Dr. McDonald formed the
Norfolk Company, a corporation organ
ized and planned with the sole purpose
of defrauding the creditors of the Pa
cific Bank. Dr. McDonald, as might
have been expected, was the president
of the company and chief owner of
stock. The vice president was F. S.
Edmlnster, who was also vice president
of the McDonald Company, and, as al-
ready demonstrated in The Call, a will
ing tool of Dr. McDonald. Shortly after
the Norfolk Company was formed val
uable property in Norfolk, aggregating
approximately $116,000 and owned by
Dr. McDonald, was transferred to this
corporation. This property was lo
cated in the suburbs of Norfc-lk and in
cluded about one hundred and sixty
acres.
After the Norfolk Company was
formed Dr. McDonald determined to
organize another corporation, fearing
at the time that his connection with
the Norfolk Company would become
apparent and that his creditors would
levy upon the property already trans
ferred. He therefore organized the
"McDonald Company." This concern
was the product of his own brain and
was established for no other reason
than to defraud the creditors of the
Pacific Bank. In planning the great
corporation Dr. McDonald informed his
attorney that it was his purpose to so
arrange his property that it would not
be subject to attachment. The down
fall of the Pacific Bank was known at
that time to be inevitable, and Dr. Mc-
Donald, in his own words, did not in
tend to be caught in the trap.
On June 15, 1893, the banker and his
attorney were at Norfolk and made
application to the State authorities of
Virginia for a charter for the McDon
ald Company. In asking for this char
ter Dr. McDonald declared that the
purpose of the corporation was to ac
quire, develop, improve, hold, lease and
sell real estate, water and gas and tele
phone property, to acquire and con
struct ship yards and build ships and
factories of various kinds. The capital,
stock of the corporation was fixed at
not less than $300,000 nor more than
$5,000,000.
In this connection it should be re
membered particularly that the ma
nipulation of telephone stock was men
tioned in the articles of incorporation.
At that very time Dr. McDonald was
exercising every endeavor to protect
his possession of very valuable tele
phone stock in this city. When he or
ganized the company he made himseif
as a matter of course president of the
corporation. Alfred P. Thorn of Nor
folk was made the vice president,
Charles G. Ramsey of the same city
was selected as treasurer and William
A. Wren, also of the same town, was
elected secretary. The directors of the
concern were as follows: R. H. Mc-
Donald, Alfred P. Thorn, F. S. Edmin
ster, John B. Whitehead, William A.
Wren, Charles G. Ramsay and Frank
V. McDonald. The charter for this
company was granted by the State au
thorities on June 16, 1893, the day after
Dr. McDonald arrived at Norfolk, and
held his first meeting of organization.
A copy of the charter and articles of
incorporation was sent to the secretary
of the commonwealth of Virginia and
placed on file at Richmond.
Six days after this important tran
saction the Pacific Bank failed.
Several of the directors, who were
very prominent citizens of Norfolk, re
alized that they had been duped into
a scheme to rob the creditors and de
positors of the McDonald banks. They
then declined to be parties to such a
fraud and in indignation withdrew.
Among those who retired from the cor
poration was W. A. Wren and John B.
Whitehead. Wren is a member of the
prominent firm of Nottingham & Wren,
an influential firm which deals in coal
at Norfolk. Whitehead was at one
time president of the Exchange Na
tional Bank of Norfolk. It Is more than
a coincidence that Dr. R. H. McDonald
was interested in the affairs of this in
stitution, which failed in 1885. The
cashier and one of the directors of that
institution were convicted of fraud.
After the collapse of the concern Dr.
McDonald was sued for $120,000, and
that sum of money was by legal action
obtained from him. In payment of th-?
judgment the old banker agreed to
make six payments each of $20,000.
Some of these payments are still due
and must be satisfied within a year.
FRANK McDONALD HASTENS TO SAVE
HIS FATHER FROM RUIN.
Shortly after the incorporation of the
McDonald Company, as already indi
cated, the Pacific Bank failed, and the
directors of the Norfolk corporation
realized that they had been used for
a dishonorable purpose. They there
fore resigned their positions and it
seemed Inevitable that the McDonald
Company must collapse. Dr. McDonald
was equal to the occasion, however, and
telegraphed to his sun, Frank V. Mc-
Donald, who at that time was in this
city. The old man informed his son
that the original directors of the cor
poration had resigned, and that it
would be necessary for him to come at
once to Norfolk and reorganize the cor
poration.
Frank immediately took a train for
New York and from there went to Nor
folk. Every effort was made to retain,
the directors in their original positions,
but without success. It was found nec
essary to amend the original articles
of incorporation, and on July 3, 1593, the
articles of incorporation were amended
and the number of directors was re
duced from seven to five. The new Mc-
Donald Company was organized by the
old banker and his son, Frank, with
the following directors: R. H. McDon
ald of San Francisco, Frank S. Edmin
ster of New York, Charles E. Putt
farchen of San Francisco, F. V. Mc-
Donald of San Francisco and J. Car
roll Montague of New York. Notwith
standing this reorganization of the Mc-
Donald corporation it was impossible
for Dr. McDonald and his associates to
regain the confidence of the people of
Norfolk. Everybody in the town un
derstood thoroughly that the corpora
tion had been organized for a dishonest
purpose and Dr. McDonald, fearful of
an expose, determined to transfer his
property directly to two private indi
viduals. The records of Norfolk show
that most of his property, which was
situated in what was known as At
lantic City Ward of Norfolk City, and
in Norfolk County, outside of the city
limits of Norfolk, Mas transferred di
rectly to Horace W. Carpentier and J.
B. Haggin. The records show that this
transaction was made on October 18,
1893. The consideration for the transfer
was named as $180,000. There is on rec- j
ord at Norfolk a receipt indicating that ;
this sum of money was paid by Carpen- j
tier and Haggin to the old banker.
Three years later, however, on May
S, 1896, Carpentier and Haggin trans
fen-ed this very property to Theodore
N. Ramsay of Norfolk. The ostensible
consideration for this transfer was
$150,000, and in payment for the prop
erty Ramsay gave three negotiable
promissory notes, each note calling for
$33,333. All of these notes were dated
January 14, 1896. The first was made
payable on May 14, 1897, the second on
January 14, 1898, and the third on Jan
uary 14, 1899. In order to secure pay
ment of these three notes, Hamsay, who
was then the ostensible owner of Dr.
McDonald's property, executed a deed
of trust to Cortland Van Rensselaer of
New York city. Ramsay, who was an
agent of Dr. R. H. McDonald, having
come into possession of valuable Nor
folk property, lost no time in again
transferring it, so that all trace of it
might be lost in the maze of legal tech
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
nicalitles that Dr. McDonald had
created to protect himself. As might
have been expected a certain considera
tion was named for this transfer. Tha
property was at that time valued at
least at 5500,000. Carpentier and Hag
gin had received it for the ostensible
consideration of $180,000. They had
transferred it to Theodore N. Ramsay
for a nominal consideration of $150,000,
and when Ramsay again transferred It
the consideration was $5. Ramsay
transferred the property to the Park
Place Company, in whose name the
property now stands.
The Park Place Company as a mat
ter of course is Dr. R. H. McDonald
himself, and in the name of this con
cern the vast bulk of the old banker's
property is recorded.
In the last few years some of the
land has been sold to laboring peopla
and investors of moderate means on the
installment plan. Most of it, however,
has been retained by the old man, who
has received since the collapse of the
Pacific Bank and the People's Home
Savings Bank all of the profits that
have resulted from sales and rents.
It will be remembered that Dr. Mc-
Donald made a flying trip to Europe
after the collapse of the Pacific Bank.
He returned very recently to America
and is supposed now to be living at
Montreal, Canada. It has already been
indicated that at least one suit was in
stituted to recover from Dr. McDonald
some of the property that he had pro
tected under the guise of these cor
porations.
J. B. HAGGIN 'AND HORACE CARPENTIER
WERE MCDONALD'S ALLIES.
One of these actions is of exceptional
interest. It was instituted by a real es
tate firm of Norfolk and proved con
clusively the dishonest organization of
the two companies and the guilt of Dr.
McDonald. An action was brought for
payment for services rendered by Tie
bault & Co., real estate agents of Nor
folk. This company was employed by
Dr. McDonald as his agency in trans
ferring his property to J. B. Haggin
and Horace W. Carpentier. and after
that transfer to Theodore N. Ramsay
and the Park Place Company. In con
sideration for ita service in these trans
fers the company dentltoded a commis
sion af $7500. Payment of this sum was
resisted and the real estate company
sued Dr. McDonald for the amount.
Rather than have the suit pressed to
a conclusion. Dr. McDonald compro
mised and Tiebault & Co. released the
attachment that had been placed on
the old banker's property. The second
suit that was filed to recover something
of the property that Dr. R. H. McDon
ald had transferred to cheat his credit
ors was instituted by the People's
Home Savings Bank. The suit and it»
history are of exceptional public Im
portance at this time.
The action was filed on October 15,
1897, by the People's Home Savings
Bank of San Francisco, and the follow
ing were made defendants: R. H. Mc-
Donald, James B. Haggin, Horace W.
Carpentier, Theodore N. Ramsay, Cort
land S. Van Rensselaer and the Park
Place Company. The purpose of the
suit was to recover from Dr. R. H. Mc-
Donald $252,000, with interest at 6 per
cent from September 30, 1895. In or
der that there might be no misunder
standing in reference to the character
of the suit, it was stated that the legal
action instituted by the People's Home
Savings Bank was intended to affect all
land standing in the name of Richard
H. McDonald on October 17, 1893, and
which by him were conveyed by deed
of October 18, 1893, to James B. Hag
gin and Horace W. Carpentier.
McDonald and his confederates
BROUGHT TO THEIR KNEES.
The attorneys for the People's Bank
set forth in their complaint that it was
their purpose to set aside as fraudu
lent every transfer that related to the
McDonalds' Norfolk property, begin
ning with the conveyance of thi3 prop
erty to James B. Haggin and Horace
W. Carpentier. This suit, which should
have revealed all the intricacies of Mc-
Donald's legal jugglery, was never
pressed to a conclusion. There is in the
court of Norfolk County a record that
shows that on May 2, 1898, the lien,
placed upon the property by the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank was released.
This decree of the court means simply
that Dr. R. H. McDonald, J. B. Hag
gin, Horace W. Carpentier and the di
rectors of the Park Place Company
compromised the suit. The attorney for
the People's Home Savings Bank had
worked upon the case for over a year,
and while he had begun without hope
of profitable result he concluded by
gaining possession of most important
evidence in reference to certain per
sons in these questionable transfers of
property.
When the suit was first instituted
Dr. McDonald and his associates pro
f?ssed to be highly indignant at th«
charge that they had made fraudulent
conveyances of the property. When
the records and the evidences of their
transactions were presented, however,
they sought to secure a compromise.
The basis of compromise was fixed at
$25,000. Subsequent negotiation, how
ever, reduced this amount to $15,000,
which was paid to the People's Home
Savings Bank. In consideration of this
payment it was agreed that damaging
evidence, discovered by the attorney
for the People's Home Savings Bank,
be withdrawn from the court -ecurdt.
Frank S. Edminster, it appears, wag
the person who supplied the damaging
evidence. As The Call has already in
dicated Edminster and his associates
disagreed and the old parasite of Dr.
McDonald gave up the information
that proved of such great value to the
People's Home Savings Bank. It was
understood at that time that Edminster
In consideration for the information2
that he had given received part of the
compromise money.
It is understood that he had confess
ed to the representatives of the People's
Bank the very important fact that Dr.
McDonald had made his various trans
fers in anticipation of the failure of his
institutions. The evidence that the at
torney for the People's Home Savings
Bank received in this case is still avail
able. The Call presents this morning
the facts that will enable the depositors
of the People's Home Savings Bank and
the creditors of the Pacific Bank to re
cover something of what rightfully be
longs to them. After nearly six years
of silence and secrecy these facts are
now public property. All of the Nor
folk property that Dr. R. H. McDonald
originally owned still belongs to him.
How the transfers were made and why
are now known and nothing remains for
the depositors except to institute pro
ceedings that will result in the confis
cation of the old banker's private for
tune. _^___^^__^___
MANUEL SANGUILLY
REACHES WASHINGTON
First Member 01 the Commissioners
From Cuba to Arrive at
Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— Colonel
Manuel Sanguilly of the commission re
cently chosen by the Cuban Assembly
to come to Washington to confer with
the authorities here as to the future of
the island, arrived to-day. Mr.Sanguilly
is the first of the commissioners to
reach this country, having come by
way of Tampa. General Garcia, presi
dent of the commission, and the re
maining members are en route to New
York and on their arrival Monday will
be joined by Mr. Sanguilly and plans
made for their mission to the United
States. Sanguilly is one of the three
delegates of the Third Corps of the
Cuban army, the others being Mr. Que
sada and the Marquis of Santa Lucia,
former president .of the Cuban Insur
gent Government. During his short
stop here he said the recent meeting
of the Cuban Assembly at Santa Cruz
del Sur had been a marked success, the
members being thoroughly representa
tive of the Cubans. He informed Mr.
Quesada that the spirit animating the
assembly, as shown by the speeches,
acts and appointment of this commis
sion was one of entire sympathy and
friendliness for the plans of the United
States, it being felt that this country
could be trusted to shape the affairs
of the island in the interest of the Cu
ban people. Sanguilly said the com
missioners observed the same good
feeling at Havana, where they stopped
on their way, although it was notice
able that the Spaniards, were inciting
the Cubans to distrust the United
States.
The commission will come to Wash
ington next Wednesday to lay their
views before the authorities and tender
the co-operation of the Cuban Assem
bly.
CURIOUS REPORT AS
TO SPAIN'S FUTURE
It Is That the Queen Regent "Will
Leave the Cotmtry and Don
Carlos Rule.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— A curious report
in regard to Spain's future government
Is current in diplomatic circles, which,
from its source, is entitled to weight.
It is that there will be a change of
dynasty, but a peaceful change. The
Queen Regent is said to be convinced
of the hopelessness of her son ever
reigning, and has, upon the advice of
the Emperor of Austria, decided, soon
after the peace treaty is signed at
Paris (and every one now regards this
as only a question of days), to quit
Spain with her family, and Don Carlos
will be proclaimed King. Everything is
reported to be already arranged, and
the army and clergy are alleged to be
agreeable to the change. According to
the programme, Don Carlos, so soon as
things are running smoothly, will abdi
cate in favor of his son. Don Jaime.
MISSIONARIES REACH
HARPOOT IN SAFETY
Party of Americans Who Were De-
nied Passports When Leaving
Constantinople.
BOSTON, Nov. 19.— The American Board
of Commissioners of Foreign Missions
has received a telegram from Harpoot,
Eastern Turkey, announcing the safe ar
rival there of the party of missionaries
to whom the Turkish Government re
fused passports upon their departure
from Constantinople. The treaties be
tween the United States and Turkey are
said to be clear upon the point that Amer
ican citizens shall be permitted to travel
freely and reside anywhere in the empire.
The apparent nullification of this privi
lege at the present juncture is understood
to be an open violation of the treaty.
SUMMONED BY DEATH.
Passing of Well-Known Men at Sac
ramento and Stockton.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 19.— John I* Mc-
Cord, a well-known rancher and horseman,
died at his home this morning from a
complication of asthma and other
troubles.
STOCKTON. Nov. 19.— John Manuel, the
capitalist, farmer, and mining man. resid
ing at 212 West Acacia street, died of
pneumonia this morning 1 . The deceased
was a member of the Odd Fellows and
Masonic lodges of Murphy's Camp, where
the remains will be interred. It is esti
mated that he was worth $300,000. Two
brothers survive him.
Fire Destroys a Winery.
SANTA CRTZ, Nov. 19.— The winery of
Mrs. J. \V. Jarvis' vinryard at Vinehill
was destroyed by fire last evening. The
lopfi, including 15,000 gallons of wine, ia
$5000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Effective
F lover Decorations on Dark
Green Ground. Loving Cups,
Salad Sets, Cream Sets.
Given away free with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Great American Import'gTea Co.
£61 Market, op. Powell 705 Lorkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
218 ihird t. IS 19 Devisadero St.
s<)rt '. carny St. 2008 Fillmore St.
14H Ninth St. 32 1 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Missi n St. 1190 Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
355 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053WashinstonSt. 131 San Pablo Aye.
917 Broadway. 616 X Twelfth St.
15«0 Seventh St.
A I. AM EDA — ISSS I'ark St.
SAN RAFAEL— a St.. near Fourth.
We alsa sell
fHINA, CROCKERC R0CKERY > G LASSWARE
Cheap f Price in Amerioa
Writa for Catalogue!. —
DEATH CLAIMS
GENERAL DON
CARLOS BUELL
Was a Hero of Three
Fierce Wars.
MADE A GALLANT RECORD
3UT FELL INTO DISFAVOB, FOR
FAILING TO CATCH BBAQQ.
With Him Disappears One of the Last
of the Union Generals and the
Very Last Commander of
a Separate Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 19.—Gen
eral Don Carlos Buell, hero of three
wars — the Seminole war in Florida, the
Mexican and the Civil War— died this
afternoon at his home, Paradise, in
Muhlenberg County, Kentucky. He
had been in poor health for several
months, but insisted that he was
not going to die. Hence those who were
most intimate with the old warrior
were surprised and shocked when the
end came suddenly this afternoon.
For the past twelve years General
Buell resided at his beautiful country
estate near Rockport, Ky., the nearest
| relative about the premises being a
! maiden niece who has remained with
! him during his declining years. Gen
eral Buell's body will be shipped to
St. Louis, Mo., for interment.
After his retirement from the army
he became connected with the Green
River Iron Works, and served as
its president from 1865 to 1870. He then
became interested in coal mining on
j Green River, and followed that work
until he was appointed pension agent
in Louisville by President Cleveland in
i the latter's first term. After going out
I of office he located at Paradise. Muh
! lenberg County, where he passed the
i declining years of his life as a' country
' gentleman.
BUELL'S MILITARY CAREER.
Don Carlos Buell was a native of
i Ohio and born eighty years ago. Five
years after his graduation at West
Point the Mexican War broke out and
jhe went with the invading army as
first lieutenant of the Third Infantry.
At Monterey he was brevetted captain.
i and at Contreras he won the brevet of
I major. After the close of the Mexican
| War he served continuously on staff
duty until 1861. He was among the
first of the brigadiers of volunteers
commissioned by President Lincoln.
! and the work he did in organizing the
army about Washington, for which his
i talents especially fitted him, was gen-
I erally recognized in military circles.
( In November he was transferred to the
i West to succeed General W. T. Sher
i man in the command of the Depart
ment of the Cumberland, which was re
organized as that of the Ohio. It was
1 in July, 1862, that Buell first encoun
i tered the man who was to be his es
: pecial enemy for many months—Gen
! eral Bragg, who advanced into Ken
! tucky at the head of a strong force of
Confederates. After much maneuver
ing and occasional fighting, which was
generally to Buell's disadvantage, the |
i latter retreated, and at midnight of
! September! 24 entered Louisville at the
! head of a disheartened army. Six days '
| later, under orders from Washington.
Buell turned over his command to
General Thomas. The same day, how
ever, he was restored, and the follow
ing morning was in hot pursuit of
Bragg, who had judiciously ordered a
retreat when Buell entered Louisville.
At Perryville on the afternoon of Oc
tober 8, Bragg having halted and de
termined to give battle, a general en
gagement took pjace. The action was
hotly contested until after darkness
came on. At daybreak next morning
Bragg struck his camp and began a
retreat. Buell pursued hiTn, but the
pursuit was not marked with success,
and he was severely censured for not
moving with more celerity. Two weeks
i afterward he was superseded by Gen-
I eral Rosecrans. A military commission
! was ordered to investigate Buell's ac
j tion but its report was never publish
ed He remained under waiting orders
until June, 1864, when he resigned his
> commission in the army and retired
to civil life a disappointed man.
General Buell's ability as an organ
izer and a tactician is unauestioned:
he was familiar with every detail of a
soldier's duty and had many admirable
qualities as a commander. Whether he
was possesses, however, of that qual
ity most highly valued in a soldier, the
faculty of seizing opportunities as
: ! they arise and making the most of
i them, is a mooted question. With his
'< death disappears one of the last of the
Union generals and the very last of the
' ! commanders of a separate army.
BOLD BLUFF OF THE
FILIPINO AGITATORS
Aguinaldo Cables Delegates Abroad
to Insist Upon Absolute
Independence.
LONDON. Nov. 19.— There is much
agitation among the Filipino rep
resentatives in Europe over the
Philippine situation. Agoncillo, the
representative of Aguinaldo, who has j
been in Paris watching the proceedings
of the Peace Commissions, starts for
Washington to-day. It is learned that
on Wednesday last he called a meeting
of all the Filipinos in Paris and London
to meet him in Paris, when a commit
tee was formed with the object of do
ing everything possible to induce
France to recognize the so-called Fil
ipino republic. A telegram was sent
to Aguinaldo asking for instructions,
and the following reply is said to have
been received: "Insist upon absolute
independence. Otherwise fight to the
death. We are all united and the gov
ernment is progressing smoothly. All
the independent tribes of the mount
ains are submitting- to Aguinaldo and
the chiefs are bringing presents of
gold."
CONVICTEn OF SELLING
FORGED TIME CHECKS
J. H. Southell Said to Have Made i
Seven Hundred Thousand Dol
lars by the Swindle.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 19.— Late this afternoon
after being out twenty-four hours the
Jury in the case of J. H. Southell, on trial
charged with selling forged Government
time checks, returned a verdict of guilty.
The swindle is said to have amounted to
about $700,000.
Sir Stewart Knill Dead.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— Sir Stewart Knill.
head of the firm of John Knill & Co., and
Lord Mayor of London during the year
1592-93. is dead. He was born in 1824.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
MAJOR GENERAL DON CARLOS BUELL.
CORBETT LEADS
IN THE BETTING
Seven to Ten the Odds
Against Sharkey.
JIM IS IN FINE FORM
THE EX-CHAMPION CONFIDENT
OF VICTORY.
After Besting the Sailor He Expects
to Secure a Return Matph
From Lanky Bob Fitz
simmons.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— For the first
time during his career as a pugilist
James J. Corbett, former champion of
the world, will be seen in a contest for
blood in this vicinity in the arena of
the Lenox Athletic Club on Tuesday
night, when he meets Tom Sharkey.
Many New Yorkers have seen Corbett
box in his several plays, but few in
deed have ever seen him on his mettle
in a ring contest. Therefore the In
terest in the former champion's com
ing fight is greater than ever before
shown in a glove event in this city,
and the indications are that the at
tendance will be a record-breaking one.
The confidence of the local admirers
in Corbett's ability as a boxer is so
pronounced that the former champion
is a 10 to 7 favorite over the sailor
pugilist. To Corbett the contest means
much. \ Jim is anxious for a. return
match with Fitzsimmons, which he
thinks will result in giving him his
former peerles^ position in fistiana.
The medium through which he hopes
to gain his end is a victory over Shar-
key.
Corbett's air of confidence, so notice
able when he fought Sullivan and
Mitchell and so conspicuous by its ab
sence when he met the Australian in
Nevada, is now very much in evidence.
He says that if he is beaten the fault
alone will be his. That Corbett has not
forgotten the effectiveness of the solar
plexus blow is evidenced by the plan
he has followed in his training to with
stand it Tuesday night should Sharkey
attempt it. He has paid particular at
tention to the development of his body
and bunches of muscles now stand out
prominently in that part of his anato
my. These muscles, he believes, will
prevent a repetition of the Carson City
affair. Corbett is certainly confident
of winning, and confidence is a big
factor in the battle. In a matter of sci
ence there is no comparison between
Sharkey and Corbett. The latter clearly
outclasses his rival in that respect. He
is not so sturdy nor can he hit as hard
as the sailor. Sharkey believes that he
will hit Corbett and hit him hard. He
figures that Corbett will then collapse
under the strain of his blows. Sharkey
claims to have developed scientific
practices recently and that in compari
son Corbett's cleverness will not be so
pronounced. Sharkey will have to show
phenomenal improvement to bring
around sporting men to his way of
thinking. Sharkey has never yet been
able to control himself when under
punishment. His fights with Choynaki,
Fitzsimmons and Corbett prove this.
The rules under which the men will
battle — breaking clean on clinches —
handicap Sharkey. He Is essentially an
in-fighter and has never yet shown his
ability to win on long rough work.
AFTER FORTY-SEVEN
YEARS' ACTIVE SERVICE
Bear Admiral Joseph N. Miller Will
Be Retired From the Navy
Next Tuesday.
NEW YORK. Nov 19.— Rear Admiral
Joseph N. Miller, who hoisted the Ameri
can flag over Hawaii on August 12 last,
■will be retired next Tuesday after spend
ing over forty-seven years in active ser
vice. Admiral Miller will make New York
his home. When interviewed Admiral
Miller said:
"The Hawaiian Islands are necessary to
us both from a strategical and a commer
cial point of view. This will be more ap
parent when the Nlcaraguan canal has
been constructed, which 1 am sure will be
; within ten years.
"From my experience on the Isthmus of
' Panama I was formerly of the opinion
! that if an intc-r-oceanic canal was ever
constructed it would be on the line of
I the Panama Railroad. But further infor
! mntion has convinced me that the most
j practicable route is through Nicaragua,
and I further believe that the canal will
be built, constructed and controlled with
out the intervention or assistance of any
foreign power."
REORGANIZERS WERE
THE ONLY BIDDERS
Sale of the Union Pacific, Denver and
Gulf Railroad Under a Fore
closure.
PUEBLO, Colo., Nov. 19.— Nine mill
lons and a quarter is the price the
Union Pacific, Denver and Gulf Rail- j
road brought at foreclosure sale in this j
city this afternoon. The reorganization
committee was the purchaser, and its
representative, E. C. Henderson of New
York, was the only bidder. The sale was
to satisfy the consolidated mortgage
covering the property of the company
and the lines it had absorbed, the Den
ver, Texas and Gulf and the Denver,
Texas and Port Worth. The trackage
sold is nearly 100.0 miles in length, and
is located principally in Colorado and
New Mexico, though there was track
age and terminal in Cheyenne, Wyu.,
covered by the sale to-day. The sale
was conducted by Marshall E. John
ston, special master, acting under a
decree of the United States Court for
the District of Colorado. By order of
the court he first offered the line of the
Denver, Texas and Gulf, between
Pueblo and Denver.
There was but the one bid of Mr.
Henderson of $1,500,000. Next he of
fered the Denver, Texas and Fort
Worth from Pueblo throueh New Mex
ico to the Texas line. Mr. Henderson
had no competition on this and bid. as
he did in every case, the minimum
amount, $2,500,000. The Union Pacific,
Denver and Gulf proper in Northern
Colorado and Wyoming was the next
and last separate offer. Mr. Hender
son's bid was $5,250,000. The system
was then offered as a whole, and Mr.
Henderson bid $9,250,000, the aggregate
of his separate bids, which is $250,000 in
excess of the minimum required by the
court for the property sold in bulk.
Henderson, for the reorganization
committee, also bought the assets of
the receivership not subject to the for
mer mortgage, for $37,500.
The transfer to the new company is
expected to be made January 1, when
the name will be the Colorado and
Southern. The present receiver. Frank
Trumbull, is said to be slated for presi
dent.
ASSASSINS ATTACK
EX-KING OF SERVIA
Two Attempts Made to End the Life
of Milan With
Bullets.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— A special dispatch
from Bucharest, published this afternoon,
says two attempts have been made re
cently upon the life of ex-King Milan of
Servla. The first, it appears, was made
on a train between Kragujevez and Nisch,
a number of peasants- attacking the for
mer King's car with pistols and stones.
They smashed the windows and wounded
some of the members of his suite. Later
at Nisch, a man dressed as a student and
armed with a revolver, entered Milan s
bedroom, but was arrested before ne
could attack the ex-King.
NEGRO KILLED BY WHITECAPS.
Inoffensive Old Man Ruthlessly Mur
dered in Tennessee.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., Nov. 19.— A
special to the News from Nashville says:
John Smart, a well-disposed colored citi
zen, living at Chapeltown, a mile and a
half from Bmartts station In Warren
County, Term., was shot and killed by
white caps last night. The white caps
had served a notice on Mack Smartt, a
son of the old man. At a late hour twen
ty-three men visited his house. Mack re
fused to come out. whereupon coal oil was
poured on the side of the house, but noi
ignited. A torch was lighted and placed
near the house, and old man Smartt,
thinking the house was on flre, rushed
out into the yard, where he was shot and
•died instantly. The weapon ÜBed was a
shotgun, both barrels of which were dis
charged. The white caps rode away Im
mediately after the killing.
BETROTHAL STORY FALSE.
Thus Declares the Mother of Actress
Charlotte Crane.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Nov. 19.— The
mother of Charlotte Crane, the actress,
resides In Springfield and Is the wife of
Dr. Charles E. Bowles, a prominent
physician. Mrs. Bowles said to-day the
report that her daughter was to marry
Cockswain Peterson of the United States
navy was without foundation.
EPIDEMIC OF EPIZOOTIC.
The Disease Rapidly Spreads Among
Horses at Denver.
DENVER. Colo., Nov. 19.— The epizootic
has broken out among the horses of this
city In a violent form. Seven Fire De
partment animals are in the hospital and
twenty-two of the horses at Zang-'s
brewery are down with the diseease.
None of these are expected to live and
the disease la spreading rapidly. *
DOUBLE TRAGEDY
AT WINNEMUCCA
Wm. Lewis Kills Mrs.
Hadley and Himself.
THE MOTIVE A MYSTERY
ASSASSIN HAD KNOWN HIS VIC
TIM FROM INFANCY.
Fatal Shots Were Heard, but the
Bodies Lay All Night in an
Alley While a Storm
Raged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev., Nov. 19.—In
tense excitement prevails throughout
the community over an awful double
tragedy which occurred here last even
ing about 8 o'clock. "William R. Lewis,
bookkeeper • for Miller & Lux at their
distributing ranch, Quinn River, Hum
boldt County, this State, shot and in
stantly killed Mrs. D. J. Hadley, wife
of ex-Sheriff Hadley of this place, and
then committed suicide. Although the
crime was perpetrated at an early hour,
It was not known until this morning,
when discovered by a young man pass
ing the spot where the bodies lay. The
tragedy occurred in an alley in close
proximity to Mrs. Hadley's home. The
position of the bodies indicated that
there was no struggle. Mrs. Hadley
was found lying flat on her back, her
body perfectly straight, one hand
raised and partially in a position as if
she had thrown up her arm to ward off
the bullets: The tan cape she wore
covered her face and showed bullet
holes. One shot entered the right cheek
bone, ranging downward and coming
out at the neck a little below the ear.
The other bullet went in the ear and
passed through the head, coming out
at the neck a little below the left ear.
Lewis then seated himself by the body
of his victim and fired a third shot into
his own head. The effect was instan
taneous. He fell over on Mrs. Hadley,
his head resting on her breast. The re
volver was found between his body and
left hand, presumed to have fallen
when his right hand relaxed its hold.
• The three shots were heard by a num
ber of persons in the vicinity, but the
weather being inclement no one seemed
to be sufficiently impressed by the re
ports to investigate the matter, and the
bodies lay at the mercy of the storm
throughout the night.
The Coroner's jury found that Mrs.
Hadley came to her death by a gunshot
wound inflicted by Lewis, and that
Lewis met his death by a gunshot
wound inflicted by his own hand. No
theory is advanced as to the cause of
the deed.
Mrs. Hadley bore a reputation above
reproach. She had been a resident of
this vicinity all her life. She was the
most excellent chief of the order of the
Rathbone r Sisters of this - place. She
was very cheerful and kindly of dispo
sition and young in appearance for her
age, 38 years. \ ■ : .'"';,'.
William Lewis. was a young man of
exemplary habits, a native of Nevada.
22 years old. He 'was well known and
liked." r
The families of both parties are emi
nently respectable and are prostrated
by the dreadful occurrence. In her
younger days Mrs. Hadley was a mem
ber of the Lewis household, ever since
which time 7 a strong attachment had
existed between them. The young man
who perpetrated the double crime was
a child when Mrs. Hadley first knew
him, and in whom she has always
evinced a kindly interest. It is known
that he made a confidant of her and
■ sought her advice as a friend when he
I deemed it necessary In his affairs, facts
I which deepen the mystery surrounding
1 the tragic event. During the day pre
; ceding the shooting Lewis was about
town attending to his customary duties
> preparatory to returning to Quinn
River. ======
-_— _ — - — — — — — — — L iV
MBISSELL RECEIVES A
MERITED PROMOTION
Mad« Assistant Traffic Manager of
the Santa Fe and Will Be Lo
cated on This Coast.
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— William A. Bls
sell, assistant freight traffic manager of
the Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
road, has- been selected as guardian of
the SantaFe's traffic interests on tne
Pacific Coast. He will go there Decem
ber 1, bearing the new title of assistant
traffic manager. It has not been decided
who will succeed him here as assistant
freight traffic manager.
AD VEBTISEMjSKTS. , ,
"*"" ," ." Jtt&\ : ■ When you have
(&\-^> . a . sick horse you
• **~i_i. «-u.--^- ■'"lie, ' viT" not hitch him
£3pN^;_ ,t|>3*jft op to a sulky and
11 l^\f^ttl\ tate lm to the
n » V lai \ race track for a
' ' j— -Jf X f^J little healthful
I J&LS»\ if spin. You doc-.
Ull or 1 ' m * You cannot
81 /^»c-\a work or recreate a man
|1/ -yTK . V into good health any
wL v^f*M ' 1 more than v you can a
mki/Ji A • horse. Bicycling
nlllw 611 = ~~ will malce healthy
" Fuw/IMUiI m . en more healthy; it
J VI 111 1 ml will make unhealthy
' a Li lie/ men more unhealthy.
/ 7 i*l jUfJ \ When a man has been >
y II fog*- N living in too big a hurry,
' 11// •' when he has worked
'": ■■11// himself ' out, when he
I V/ ha» got so that he does .
\j£ "' not sleep or eat, or rest,
and the whole world looks gloomy to him, -
it is time for him to take medicine. Then,
when he i». braced up a bit, it is time
'enough for him to take to the bicycle. , .. J
When a man's nerves have an edge on
them, so that the least little disappoint-
ment rasps on his temper like a file, when
his stomach and liver and nerves are de-
ranged, and he is continually gloomy and :
melancholy, he should take Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. It makes a
man as hungry as a fisherman and sees to
it that all the vital elements of the food are
absorbed into the blood. It braces up the
liver and puts it to work in the right way. J
It drives all bilious impurities; from the
system. It fills flesh, nerves, brain cells.,
sinews and bones with, the life-giving ele-
ments of rich, red, pure blood. It makes
a man healthy and then x ; a bicycle will
make him strong. Medicine dealers sell ?
it, and have nothing "just as good."
•' Through your «killful treatment I am once
more a well man," writes J. N. Arnold. Esq., cf
Gaud y, Logan Co., Neb. -" I suffered for, year* :
with constipation and torpidity of the liver,
irritation of the prostate and inflammation of
the bladder. ;I . took »lx bottles of 'Golden
Medical Discovery' and 'Pleasant Pellets' and
am permanently cured. . You have been the
means of saving my life." '
; (S '-'*& A man or woman who neglects
'js&^.' constipation suffers from slow
tfjVA poisoning. Dr. Pierces Pleasant
rA man or woman who neglects
constipation suffers from slow
poisoning Dr. Pierce s Pleasant
Pellets cure constipation. One
" BHI ' little "Pellet" is a gentle laxa-
v;: ; W- : tive, and two a mild cathartic. -
M'fl i'-'IAU medicine dealers ; sell them.
I*■ No other pills are "just as good."
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
ON SALE.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW!
Dl AMIfCT? Large size California
DLAIIIVIIOi all-wool blankets, made
of extra fine quality wool, (TiC\ £JC
silk bound in very pretty \L <.00
borders; actual value $5 50; »[)f)
on special sale at vfv ,
A Pair
PnUCnDTCDC Extra large size,
uUlflrUnlllnOi sllkollne covered, in
very pretty, designs, filled. /ft J QP
with extra quality fine V 1 .Ot) :
white, cotton, nicely tufted; •HI
regular value $2 60; on spe- v *' -— — \
cial sale at Each
Tn\A/CI C Linen Huck Towels,
lUTTILOi hemstitched borders, size
20x40 plain white and colored r\t- _ ,
borders, extra quality; regular*^ KM
value $4 00 a dozen: on special Ljt)\j
sale at •••. T, v i
Each
nAUAOV Table Damask, bleached,
UAlTlAolVi full 68 inches wide, war-
ranted pure linen, extra /> I- ;
heavy quality; regular value I^K/»'
$100 per yard; on special saleJJ^Hj
at •- "r^ " Yard
UAD^IUC 3-4 bleached, pure linen
NArMllOi napkins, full 24 inches
square, extra heavy quality; (U£\ QT
regular value $3 00 a dozen; \y m
on special sale at • fUhJ__
Dozen j
omppto. Ready-made Hemmed;
OiiLLlOi Sheets of good quality:
sheeting, torn by hand and iryi
dry laundered, full size 81x90; /[[*■{'
regular value 55c; on special «+ 1 O\j
sale at ■ v
Dll I n\A/ OACCC Hemstitched, made
rILLUTT-uAOLO. of good quality i
muslin, size 45x35M,: regular A f
value 20c; on special sale I r\l*
at •• •••••••••.•;.:■.:■.'.'.■. *^
"■ j -j^""
pi AMMCI CTTCC In neat stripes and i
rLANNtLtI I CO. checks, light and |
medium colorings, good heavy /%\ '•
quality for ladies' gowns and V\ 1 /*
skirts: regular price 10c; on \JA\) i
special at vrtv |
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION,
COMING TO CHRISTEN
BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN
Miss Elizabeth Stephenson Is Accom
panied by a Distinguished
Party.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 19.— The official
party escorting Miss Elizabeth Stephen
son, who has been selected to christen
the battleship Wisconsin, left here to
day for San Francisco, where the
launching is to take place on November
26. The excursionists will travel back
and forth across the continent in one
of the finest special trains that can be
procured.
The official party consists of the fol
lowing persons: Miss Stephenson and
her father, ex-Congressman Stephen
son of Marinette, and five other mem
bers of the family; Lieutenant Gov
ernor Baensch, who will represent the
State at the launching; Mrs. Baensch,
Senator and Mrs. John L. Mitchell, ex-
Senator Sawyer, ex-Congressman S. M.
Stephenson and family of Menominee,
Mich.; State Senator and Mrs. Steb
bins, of Ahnapee; Dr. Reynolds
and Miss Reynolds of Lake Ge
neva, and Mr. and Mrs. Julius
Bleyer of Milwaukee, Messrs. Steb
bins, Reynolds and Bleyer being
the members of the battleship commis
sion; Captain and Mrs. Fred Pabst, ex-
Mayor and Mrs. John C. Koch, Colonels
W. J. Boyle, S. W. Hollister, A. C.
Keyes, J. W. Stephenson and William
M. Farr of Governor Schofield's stait;
E. P. Hackett, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Clas,
William A. Rublee, Henry Campbell of
Milwaukee, Miss Oleson of Oshkosh;
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Carney Sr., Mrs.
Fred Carney Jr. and Mrs. Wright.
Accompanying the official party are
Postmaster E. R. Stillman and Mrs.
Stillman, W. J. Fisk, E. Schwartz, Mr.
and Mrs. Gable, Mrs. James C. Sexton
and C. B. Raymond of Milwaukee,
Miss Cora Hatch of Appleton and Mr.
and Mrs. C. A. Goodyear of Tomah.
The train consists of two compart
ment cars, one sleeper, a dining car
and an observation car, together with
a baggage car. Most of the cars were
in the Pullman exihlbit at Omaha. The
entire trip will take sixteen days. The
party will be in San Francisco two days
attending the launching and the at
tendant festivities. On the way out to
the Coast stops will be made at St.
Paul and Minneapolis and Portland,
and on the return at Los Angeles and
Denver, each of the latter places con
suming a day's time.
DISPUTE RESULTS IN
A CHARGE OF LIBEL
President Kearney of the California
Raisin-Growers' Association
Arrested.
FRESNO, Nov. 19.— M. Theo Kear
ney, president of the California Raisin
Growers' Association, was arrested to
night on a charge of criminal libel. The
complainant was H. H. Welsh, an at
torney of this city. The allepcd libel
consisted in Mr. Kearney attributing
to Mr. Welsh a communication which
purported to have been written to A.
Gartenlaubp a raisin packer. A news
paper controversy has been going on
for some time between those gentlemen
and the letters on both sides consisted
mainly of personal abuse.
Last Thursday Mr. Kearney accused
Attorney Welsh of havin^ written a
communication for Mr. Gartenlaub,
and then the president of the Raisin
Growers' Association took occasion to
denounce the attorney for his connec
tion with a suit against Kearney over
a land deal. Welsh says he did not
write the communication and was not
connected with the suit mentioned by
Kearney.
The warrant was served on Mr. Kear
NEW Dl A 111 Dress Goods just re-
RIYV I LAIU celved. full 46 inches
wide, in beautiful bright colors fA
and combinations: excellent for Xl ll*
ladies' waists and children's flWll
dresses;" on special sale at w
Yard
NFW FIRF^ High novelties just opened
"C" untOO in silk and wool mixtures
pnfilK ln blue and black, red and
OUUUO black, green and/A/) A A
black and brown and black; VL|»> # IH/
extra quality; 46 inches •nil
wide; 6 yards to a suit; on V w —
special sale at ... A Suit
TRFFMKQC Glace Kld Gloves, 3-
I nLIUUCOL clasp, best quality, fin-
est fitting glove, embroidered backs;
in English reds, tans, modes, browns,
blues, greens; every pair /ftJ i C
fitted and guaranteed; reg- VJTI # 4t3
ular value $2 00; on special , #11 I •
sale at V*
Wnm Ladies' Black Cashmere Wool
IIUUL Hose, high spliced heels and
HOSIERY, v°alue «, r e? Ul o a n CM .00
special sale at three pairs •111
for • S'*-
Hull nD CM'? Imported Fast Black
bnlLUnCli 0 Ribbed Cotton Hose,
high spliced heels and toes, ex- J p"
tra quality, full finished, sizes 1 X/«
5% to S^s; regular value 30c and. I fill
25c; on special sale at :... *n^v
I IMCM Ladies* pure Linen Hem-
Ll ll til stitched Handkerchiefs, with
HANDKERCHIEFS. fin mbro a id d
ered Initials, sheer quality; on \lj9\j
special sale at *»VGy
Each
Oil V IDTO Made of extra qual-
olLN OMnlOi ity silk taffeta in all
the latest- colorings ; and/n/1 A A
Hack; made with a deep VLfc%,\J\J
Spanish flounce; regular •fill
value $8 50; on special saleH — —
at ........;... Each
QIIIfWAIQTC Made of extra qual-
OlL^ IIAIOIOi ity pure silk black
satin Duchesse- and pure faff TA
taffeta silks, bias corded V /.nil
with latest fancy collars; .111 " vvy
sizes 32 to 42; on special -V •
sale at... . Each
ney this evening and he appeared be
fore Justice St. John and gave bail in
the sum of $500. The arraignment was
set for Monday. The prominence of
the two made the affair the talk of the
town to-night. Kearney says he will
fight the case to the end.
Organization of Miners.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 19.— The organization
of the Santa Clara County Miners' Asso
ciation was effected to-day with the elec
j tion of J. R. Johns as president and W. B.
i Hayford secretary. The following wers
elected delegates to the convention of tha
California Miners' Association: W. B.
Hayford, John A. Matthews, E. Homer
Hazelton. H. L. Warren, E. H. Wemple.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
HYGIENIC
LUNCH.
• A novelty in the way of a lunch is
offered by Smiths' Cash Store, in their
dining-room, sixth floor, Nos. 25 and 27
Market, street, San Francisco, on Mon-
day, ; j Tuesday; and Wednesday. On
these dates the head cook from the St.
Helena Health Food Sanitarium has
been loaned for the purpose of prepar-
ing hygienically cooked dishes. They
will prove a treat to those interested.
All served at popular prices for the
purpose of introducing health foods for
sale at the Health Food Counter, first
floor.
The regular bill of fare and lunch will
be served in addition as usual.
7VIEIMU.
■■■''- '/:!•? Nut Cream Soup,
MAVTIAY '• Nutto Cutlet.
[fIUHI/AI Potato Tomato Salad. -;-*:
Strawberry Pressed Puddintf.
■ Almond Cream Soup.
TlTpcniV Nutto Pot Pie. -.
It A I Vegetable Roast Beet.
Apple Nut Pie.
- Mock Oyster Soup. •
WFTINFSTIAY Potato-Nucose Pie. -:■'•',
TTCilnLJllAl Baked Macaroni a la Sani-
tarium.
Barley Fruit Pudding. .
Christmas goods are all in and ready
for delivery. Howe's finest Cape. Cod
Cranberries, every berry perfect, 10c
per quart. Fancy Raisins, Currants,
Nuts, Citron and everything- for
I Thanksgiving and the holidays, of
trustworthy quality, at the right prices.
i ■ __ .
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S-F.
># II L 1L 1 " 1 !"^ After using Ely's Cream
f^^h^i^wi Btllm S/X week * l beli6V9
t myself cured catarrh.'
Balm six weeks I believa
myself cured of catarrh.
'Ijt - Joseph Stewart,
J^^V Grand Are..
F iiVfii^M.nip.l . Brooklyn. N. Y.
Cream . balm is placed into the nostrils,
spreads over the membrane and is absorbed.
Relief is immediate and a cure follows. * It Is
not drying — not produce ■ sneezing. Large
60c ; Trial Size, 10c; .at • Druggists or by mall.
1;V ELY BROTHERS, 53 Warren St.. New York..n^J 0 c s 0 ffl c '.'j^Sn
A lot of those long warm win-
Jjgggmm* ter Ulsters go Monday ; too
'*^ '^L many of 'em for this Indian "^SsSjfedL
■EJBBBHSb|ct' summer weather ; going to un- gg^
load them; that's the rule;
pretty colorings, thelong ulsters clJ^
jfflßjl?^F^ that reach down to the little Jjjjripi^
/U^^Hk fellow's ankles ; every size from srociiiifa
■^ifc^Br 6to 16. These Monday at O
B »BP5r i^ft Tc 9
tnH| A lot of those pretty fine Blue Wg^
Twill Cheviot Winter Reefers. J&&**
B ftwk " f'-'t"
Bj8£ ! sailor collar ; prettily braided;
*^ with broad revere front; also
notch collar reefer, like picture,
with revere front, without velvet collar, a very swell coat.
Wouldn't dream of doing this if the wea her was right, but
we're forcing issues, and these are for little fellows between the
ages of 3 and 10." You can have them Monday for
If tA Suit for
jf#l\ Young Men
"Till Il\ V / Inblueorbr 'own, a stylishly
?lvi \w gotten up suit, for young
y \V men between the ages of
I \ j^ 12 and 19; this should
I IA I bring every young man in
I // | f town to us Monday morn-
\ \ ing.
Jyl \ 1 / These suits will be
$2.49.
RAIN GLADDENS
THE GROWERS
Showers in Northern
California.
HEAVY FALL IN SECTIONS
THE DOWNPOUR COMES AT AN
OPPORTUNE TIME.
South, of Tehachapi There Has Been
No Precipitation, but the Indi
cations Are Favor
able.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Nov. 19.— Special tele
phone messages received this morning
from points throughout San Joaquin
County and from Modesto and Merced
Bhow that the rains of last night and
this morning have been general all
over this part of the valley. In many
places the wheat is half in, and the ad
vantage to that and to lands which
have yet to be plowed has been great.
Up to 10 o'clock reports showed that an
average of a half-i..ch of rain had
fallen. The rainfall at Stockton
amounted to .30 of an inch.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 19.— At 5 o'clock
this morning raJn began to fall. The
fall gradually increased to a good
downpour at 9 o'clock, when it ceased.
The fall was .55 of an inch, making the
total for the season 2.63 inches. To the
same date last year it was 1.21 inches.
The rain comes at a most opportune
time. Much uneasiness hat? existed be
cause of the continued clear weather,
lest there might be another dry winter.
But little plowing has been done in this
county. Here and there a few acres
were sown to grain after the early
rains, but this is generally dead.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 19.— The weath
er to-day is cloudy and cold and there
are favorable indications for rain, al
though none has fallen. Crops are suf
fering for water and a soaking rain is
wanted to start winter operations. Sup
plies of water for irrigation are being
carefully hoarded. Dried out fruit
trees are in need of rain and oranges
require irrigation at times when rains
should supply them with abundant
moisture.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 19.— There was
a generous downpour of rain in this
vicinity at an early hour this morning,
the precipitation up to 10 o'clock being
.40 of an inch. The rain caused general
rejoicingr, as farmers feared there
would be another dry season. On ac
count of the lack of moisture there was
a scarcity of feed and stock raisers
were complaining. The moisture will
not only set the plows to running but
will provide green feed for stock. Ship
ments of Tokay grapes are practically
ended.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. 19.— Early this
morning there was a heavy fall of rain,
the guages she ing .66 of an inch pre
cipitation for the storm, which prom
ises to continue to-night. The farmers
are well pleased with the prospects,
and the fears that the dry season of
last year would be repeated are now
allayed.
NEVADA CITi, Nov. 19.— Two
inches of rain have fallen since 9 o'clock
last evening, and the barometer is low.
All the mines <.f the district have been
without water for hoisting and milling
since the Ist inst., and had been noti
fied that they could not have water for
pumping after to-day. They will re
sume operations on Monday in all de
partments.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 19.— The rain
storm reached this place from the north
at 5 o'clock p. m. The precipitation
THE SAN |RM CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, .1898.
THE WEATHER DEPARTMENT
HAS BEEN AGAINST US!
Instead of cold and wet weather, which we had in mind when planning
our winter campaign, for which we made up the handsomest lines of Men's and
Children's Apparel ever seen anywhere in this country,
WE HAVE HAD NOTHING
BUT WARM WEATHER !
We have done a big business, that's true, but we should have done more,
and we're going to do more, We're going to bring you to our doors in throngs
Monday. We're going to force the issues. We will make price do the work
which the weather wouldn't do for us.
That's our story in a nutshell, and you know we always do what we
promise and a shade better.
If you have an Overcoat from us you liave the best that money can
produce.
Now then, learn what we will do on Men's Overcoats, beginning
to-morrow.
In the first place you know that light colored Overcoats in the covert
cloths are the correct thing, the box length and the long ones— just as stylish,
just as pretty, just as correct, just as genteel as an Overcoat can possibly be.
You're up to date and a bit ahead in wearing an Overcoat like | this,
and the most ridiculous price you ever heard quoted in your life for such a
good coat, and that price will be for early comers Monday,
\r\r\r\rw~\S\ir^/ < §& Of court* you know the Dress Overcoit is the Blue Kersey
rr — pw —^M ißigmTEfgMS the Brown Kersey, the, Black Kersey. Either of these shades is
wKtj&lmM IJ^^^fißHi 'correct, and how pretty ours set around the shoulders, at the
Wi'TF^aF^B^rj^B^'""' neck and the general carriage of the coat; it's a pretty affair.
W^m^Tß& HHlli You can't touch overcoats like these in any oth-.r store at double
uii'\ /■Jti!!M| K : jj)||' th» figure we're going to quote. Ours is a different coat, it's a
BSSBfili SlP^f!l^liiiS9 ' . differently tailored cont, it's a coat that is sightly, it's a coat
ilf^A *[ N*lPi*|i that you'll taki delight in wearing ; you know you're correctly
Kjp'fij' I dressed in one of these.
j|&|:siy / . V Piiil This overcoat to-morrow morning for tliz early comers at
§f( li $6.98.
■w^\ \ llllp Another big special in Men's Overcoats ivill be an excellent
Hyp- 111 1 BPiii Blue Beaver Overcoat, apr -tty, stylish coat, dressy with velvet
' fl^^C^sH I — 3il collar. Oh.' you wouldn't think of getting an overcoat liki this
■ f4V *TvlAVn pa=an in an o 'her store in town, yes, for double the money.
«sssi ==i *\ t \*^ • For the early eomirt^o-mirro a morn,in's these will be
•"~~>Jl 1// I / j| ( .. If j,,, l v(1;v (1 ; A lot of warm Ulsters /or men. with deep storm collar, in a
m ■ "i/ liP if grayish, shade, and in black. Double the money won't buy as
ililllll / iillF. ii good Uisters in other stores. These beginning Monday at
————^———^— — - - " . ...
amounted to about .15 of an inch. The
indications are that there will be more
to-night. The storm was preceded by a
strong wind.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 19.— Rain fell
here this morning.
SUISUN, Nov. 19.— At 2 o'clock this
morning rain commenced fallins
throughout Solano County. It contin
ued until 7 o'clock. Orchards, especially
were benefited by the downpour.
AUBURN. Nov. 19.— An inch and a
half of rain fell here last night and to
day. During the fall the temperature
was warm, but to-night it is much
colder. Rain la badly needed in this
section and the little that fell to-day
will prove a blessing. There is no feed
and those mines operated by water
power have all shut down.
FRESNO, Nov. 19. — The farmers in
this vicinity were made happy to-day
by a good rainfall, which was greatly
needed. Twenty-four hundredths of an
inch fell, and the indications are that
the storm is not over. The rain did no
damage as the raisin crop is nearly all
harvested. What has not been mar
keted iB under shelter. The young grain
was just beginning to suffer, but the
growing crop has been greatly bene
fited by the timely downpour.
MILTON, Nov. 19.— Rain commenced
falling at 2 o'clock this morning and
showers continued until noon, when the
total precipitation was a half inch.
Sheep and cattle were showing the
effect of lack of feed.
ALMOST COME TO BLOWS.
Excitement in a Solano Republican
Committee Meeting.
STTISUN, Nov. 19.— The Republican
County Committee met in Sulsun on Fri
day and came near having- a free-for-all
fight. A resolution was introduced ex
pelling Editor D. H. McDonald of the So
lano County Courier from the committee
owing to the stand he took in the late
campaign, supporting an independent for
Sheriff. The reading of the resolution
filled McDonald with ire. He assailed the
gentlemen from vailejo, and for a time
ft seemed that the meeting would break
up In a pugilistic contest. Chairman
Hathaway finally restored order and tho
meeting adjourned to meet in Vailejo
next Friday.
NEITHER NURSES
NOR DOCTORS
Neglect of Convales
cents on Trains.
MEN LYING UNCONSCIOUS
INTERESTING TESTIMONY BY
A VOLUNTEER.
Lieutenant Edwards Tells How He
Was Technically Starved for
Four Weeks After Recov
ering From the Fever.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— When the
War Investigating Commission met to
day General Dodge, the chairman, an
nounced that the sessions in the city
would probably continue ten days.
General Dodge declined to give in ad
vance the names of those he expected to
examine, but it is said that invitations
had been sent to Colonel Roosevelt and
other members of the l.ough Riders.
Miss Margaret Garrard of Morris
town, N. J., a volunteer worker among
the sick at Camp Wikoff, said she visit
ed the camp for the first time after the
arrival of troops on September 13. Be
fore then she had visited the trains
carrying soldiers from Montauk Point
and found many evidences of neglect.
Men too weak to help themselves were
found lying unconscious In the streets
of Long Island City, and In every in
stance where she made inquiry she
learned that there were neither doctors
nor nurses on the trains of the con
valescents. •
Lieutenant Charles Edwards of the
Seventy-first New York Regiment, and
a professional nurse, in reply to ques
tions by General Dodpo said: "I was
technically starved for four weeks after
I recovered from yellow fever, but that
was the best treatment for the disease.
Many of the deaths in Cuba were due
to the ignorance of the men affected.
The doctors told them 'If you eat you
die.' Still they ate. The volunteer la
dles who went to Montauk as nurses
did more harm than good. Their inten
tions were all right, but they did not
accomplish their purpose. They had at
their quarters soda-water, ginger ale,
champagne cider chicken and bread
and butter. They sympathized with
the men landing from the transports
and invited them to eat and drink. Of
course the men wanted to eat, and the
volunteer ladies gave them chicken and
other edibles. A few days later the
men would be dead and the ladies
would go around blaming the Govern
ment."
At 4 o'clock Dodge adjourned the
further hearing for lack of witnesses.
The commission will convene again at
9:30 o'clock Monday morning. As soon
as the ordinary witnesses are heard the
commission will call upon the higher
officers of the United States service.
PARSONS IS GENERAL
MASTER WORKMAN
President of the National Association
of Letter-Carriers Honored by
the Knights of Labor.
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— At to-day's meet
ing of the Knights of Labor John W.
Parsons of New York was elected Gen
eral Master Workman by a cloße vote
over the present general master work
man, Henry H. Hicks, who is also a New
Torker.
J. D. Schonfaber of Baltimore was se
lected ac a member of the general execu
Boys, we've got in another supply of
Cameras; hadn't enongh the last time to
go ronnd; this time we have ; you get 'em
free Monday.
R»l| new winter fashions, in checks and plaids,
jttJi cord binding, awfully swell; nothing in town {
/m%M^ at $6 is any better.
Jgßffffi&s& These Monday on our third floor, devoted
j4BiiffK?lfia t0 Smoking Jackets, Gowns and Robes, will
iHiUaTHandkerchiefr Waroi Woolen Underwea^M^
__ ■ x7z» JJeroy riO'~^
For Men. iS^flWl]]^ soft and warm';
The initial is *gsfF| h" if excellently fin-
jßsk worked in silk ; Mjp^^ j*j ished goods;
J\Y%^ <i» excellent jf"""^*7\ J ■ $1.50 per gar-
■■^ii IV handkerchief. /L # /7 \^Hj ment would be
JBv\ JL Around Christ- IV\ /X 17 nearer right.
x|A // mas they'll be ' K\ [ Ij^ Monday in our
more. Right ' Underwear sec-
now u ' e °ff er on , these will be by the gar-
these at ment at
•"••• .-  Qc. .' 3Oc.
ia Boys' Winter The
Jj«|§ Underwear *& E. Z. Waist.
/ / H \ OPCtldl. r W 1 jn Thi, vaut, being
/ A LI v \ SoweSOO dozen Jer- /fT^Wf^^^ made of knitted web-
I A \A ( y Ribbed Underwear M '/ft ling, is ventilated and
L/ Ta for boys, all sizes 24 to 111 M V—^ does not get clodded
m ** 34. a sightly garment, BMIJI W with perspiration like
£ a well viade under- fMO the thick cloth waists ;
li „,„„ ■ garment. MTTiaiM Ji in sizes from Bto 13
' : Kpimimnjinim Monday m our boys >3BH years
I'L A underwear section, 2d M iMH||\ V We'll sell SOO dozen
II /] floor, these will be on 9^H| of these waists, begin-
IbL tpectal sale at Jfp n ' in{7 Monday, at
(J 188 *— -* The Garment. y^ * +^K+m
The Derby is quite the proper hat this
furinter. and we show no end of this fashion-
able block; opposite we picture it.
* Go into a hat store— they will say $2.50
for as good a hat as ours. This is a fact;
hence the great popularity of our hat depart-
ment. These will be on sale Monday at
81.35.
tive board in place of Henry Bostock of
Muncie, Ind. Boston was chosen as the
place for next year's convention. All the
other general officers were re-elected.
The opposition to General Master Work
man Hicks is said to be based on his a'.
leged lack of energy. The delegates want
ed a leader who would be more active and
pushing in advancing the interests of the
organization. Their new leader is presi
dent of the National Association of Let
ter Carriers, and has been prominent In
labor affairs.
J. D. Schonfaber is a former master
workman of the district assembly of Bal
timore and a former editor of the- journal
of the Knights of Labor.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Several New Postmasters Have Been
Appointed in California.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The post
offices at Canyon and Pyramid, Alaska,
will be discontinued after November 30.
Mail for these places should be sent to
Dyea.
The Postomce Department has decided
to allow one substitute letter carrier at
Santa Ana, Cal.
The following California postmasters
were appointed to-day: J. O. Wl throw
at Delano, Kern County, vice E. H. Ram
sey, resigned; J. M. Pedrimi at North
Temescal, Alameda County, vice M. Bur
dick, removed; Thomas H. Kerwin at Sa
lida, Stanislaus County, vice F. P. Tombs,
removed.
Army orders— By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of "War Private John J.
Morgan, Troop B. Fourth United States
Cavalry, now at the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, will be discharged from the service
of the I'nited States by the commanding
officer of his station.
The sick leave of absence granted Ma
jor Charles L. Tilden, First California
Volunteer Infantry, September 17, is ex
tended two months on account of sick
ness.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Gursham Bunnell,
San Jacinto. $12. Mexican War widows-
Ellen T. Smith. Little Shasta. $8.
Oregon: Original — Thomas Hancock,
Elktoc, $6.
Evidently a Suicide.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 19.— The man whose
body was found in the creek yesterday
afternoon evidently committed suicide. A
bullet hole was found in the right temple.
The deceased had full gray whiskers and
mustache and gTay hair, was about 60
years old and 6 feet 2*£ inches tall. Ha
had destroyed all evidence of Identifica
tion. He wore a suit of blue diagonal.
Earl of Lathom Dead.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— Edward Bootle-
Wllbraham, first Earl of Lathom, Is
dead. He was born in 1837 and was for
merly Lord Chamberlain and also Deputy
Grand Master of the English Freemasons.
m
Even a dumb clock can make Itself un
derstood by Its hands.
ADVERTISEMENTS,.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strer-^ through his new
and original system of treatment.
RUPTURE cured b-- his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. TARMOCEl.E.hydro-
cele. swelling and tenderness of the
glands treated with unfailing success.
CvntaelouM blood poison in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. l-adle«wlll receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health," free of charge. Address
P L. SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market
street, San Francisco, CaL
34
KIL LED BY
A SHOTGUN
MESSENGER
Bandit Slain in an Attach
on the Santa pc
Overland.
Brave Fred BlaKeley Defends
Wells-Fargo's Gold F rom a
Pair of Desperadoes.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 19.— The special which took officers to
the scene of last night's hold-up at Daggett returned at 10 o'clock to
night. The body of the .lead highwayman was brought in, and an in
quest will be held on Monday afternoon.
The dead man was identified as Ignatius Eisler. He had been
seen about Parstow and Daggett the week past. He never seemed to
have anything to do, and said he expected to get work on the steel
gang. Eisler was seen wandering""up and down the track, evidently
locating the most favorable spot for the robbery. He was armed with
two 41-caliber pistols when picked up dead. The other robber had
a rifle.
Those who talked with Eisler prior to the hold-up said the man
was well educated, speaking several languages.
Who his companion was is not positively known. Officers have what
the->- think is a clew, and have a man at Daggett under surveillance.
Sheriff Holcomb remained on the ground.
Fred Blakeley, speaking of the hold-up, says he failed to put out
all the lights in the car, and the robber saw him. He says that as the
engineer came up from the tender he called:
'Don't shoot, I'm here."
Blakeley answered: "All right, but look out for yourself."
Just then the robber shot, and the flash located him. Blakeley
fired, killing his man. Bla'.:eley said he did not want to repeat Mott's
experience in the Oro Grande robbery and shoot the engineer, so he
waited before flrinr until he had located both men.
LOS ANCLES. Nov 19.— The Santa
Fe overland train was held up two
miles west of Daggett, on Mojave Des
ert, at 12:30 o'clock this morning. Fred
Blakelev the Wells-Fargo messenger,
shot and killed one of the outlaws. The
dead man has been identified as Igna
tius Eisler, a man who has been seen
around Barstow for several days past.
Eisler's companion escaped, as did the
pair's accomplices, who, however, took
no part in the hold-up, the train having
been stopped before reaching them.
All told the train was delayed only
seven minutes. The robbers obtained
no booty.
This was the second hold-up that has
been attempted on the Sante Fe and
Pacific trains in the past six months.
At the general offices of the company
the news was received shortly after
daylight this morning.
It seems that shortly after the train
had pulled out of Daggett on its way
to Los Angeles, two men climbed on
the rear platform of the forward mail
car. They quickly made their way over
the tender and climbed into the engine,
covered Engineer Bunnell and his fire
man with revolvers, and compelled
them t« get down from their cab. The
engineer and his fireman were then left
in charge of one robber, while the other
robber said to his helper:
•'Keep an eye on these folks. Blow
h out of them both if either makes
a move. Our two pals will soon be
here. I'm going after dynamite."
This robber, described as the shorter
of the two desperadoes, then started to
go toward the express car. While the
attention of the other desperado was
temporarily distracted the fireman es
caped from under the revolver of his
guardian. This fact so nettled the rob
ber that he permitted the engineer also
to get away. The desperado who had
thus been outwitted started in pursuit
of the engineer. It was then that he
-went straight into the. jaws of death.
All of the Santa Fe's overland trains
now carry shotgun guards, as well as
messengers. The guard on this train
was Fred B. Blakeley. The regular
messenger was T. G. Hutchison. Both
men are well known in Los Angeles,
where they have resided for years.
Blakeley's run is only to Barstow west,
Hutchison comes through to this city.
Blakeley had realized that something
■was wrong as soon as the train was
brought to a standstill, and had a bead
on the approaching robber ready for
service at a second's notice. He fired
at the right time exactly, his shot kill
ing the desperado in his tracks.
The train then pulled into Barstow,
where it arrived at 1:30 this morning,
twenty minutes late.
As soon as the train arrived at Dag
gett the unsuccessful hold-up was re
ported. The engine which had brought
in train No. 1 was at once dispatched
back to Daggett. The body of Eisler
was found near the track and was
taken charge of by officials of San
Bernardino County.
The scene of the robbery is an open
country entirely, and railroad and ex
press people say they are confident that
all the robbers at large will soon be in
custody. A special train with a posse
on board left San Bernardino for the
scene of the crime. The posse is in
charge of Santa Fe detectives and the
Sheriff of San Bernardino County.
Wells-Fargo Messenger T. G. Hutch
ison reported the facts of the attempted
hold-up to Superintendent Pridham as
soon as the train arrived here. Hutch
ison's story is that when three miles
out from Daggett the train was stop
ped. Blakeley, his guard, opened the
door of the express car. and, peering
out into the darkness, saw a figure ap
proaching. The robber noticed him
about the same time and opened fire
with a Winchester. His marksmanship
was bad and did no damage. Then
Blakeley had his inning and began
pumping lead, killing his man at the
first fire.
Conductor C. R. Perry gives the best
account of the hold-up. The story he
related to The Call correspondent was
as follows:
"The first section of the train left
Daggett on time at about 12:25 o'clock
this morning. As we were pulling out
of Daggett two robbers mounted the
front platform of the mail car, which
was next to the engine, but they were
not detected. Soon after t l :e train got
out of town the robbers climbed over
the coal and covered the engineer and
fireman with revolvers. The robbers
were masked.
"One of the outlaws ordered En
gineer Dan Bunnell to stop the train
at mile post No. 740 and kept him cov
ered until the post was reached, when
the engineer did as he was told. The
engineer was then ordered to get out
of the cab and accompany the robbers.
The robbers overlooked the fireman
and made the engineer carry a big
package of dynamite. The three went
back to the express car and c-ne of
them told the engineer that they must
have passed their partners,- but that the
latter ijvould soon be on hand. They
made no effort to open the express car
and did not speak to the messenger.
They seemed tv be rattled.
"While the robbers were dilly-dally
ing around the engineer slipped away
from them and crawled under the car
to the left side of the train. The ex
press messenger, Tom Hutchison, was
standing in the doorway with his shot- ■
gun in his hand. As soon as he saw
Bunnell he ordered him to throw up his
hands. Bunnell said:
" "Don't shoot; I am the engineer.'
" 'Well,' said Hutchison, 'come up
here where I can see you.'
"Bunnell did so, and as soon as the
messenger saw that it was really the
engineer he jumped out oitiie car. The
two then lay behind a pile of ties beside :
the track. They could hear the robbers j
talking on the other side of the car. j
After waiting a few minutes Bunnell
and Hutchison crept up to the engine,
and. jumping into the cab, started the
train.
"Fred Blakeley, the messenger's
helper, then threw open the door. He !
was greeted with a shot from the re- j
volver of one of the robbers. The bul- j
let came within six inches of his head, j
passed through a heavy packing case j
and fell on the express car floor. Then i
Blakeley fired at the robbers with his j
Winchester. The robbers were about j
twenty-five yards away and the train ;
was under way. but Blakelev said that j
he was sure that he saw one of them
fall. Seven or eight shots were ex
changed. The fireman had hidden be
side the track, but when the train
starter] he jumped into the engine.
"There were only a few passengers in
the chair car. They heard the shots,
but did not know what was "olng on. .
The passengers in the other cars did
not know anything about the hold-up
until thc-y were trild by the train crew."
ROBBERS' PLANS MISCARRIED
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 19.— The ;
west-bound Santa Fe overland last !
night was a heavy one. It left Needles i
in two sections. The first contained the ■
express, mail and baggage cars and i
the San Francisco coaches, while the !
second had the tourist and Los Angeles
sleepers. Section No. 1 ran ten min
utes ahead of the second section, in
charge of Conductor Beale and Brake
man Fred Harris. The two robbers j
must have boarded the first section at
Daggett, knowing nothing of t the sec
ond section, for when Fish Pond, about j
three miles this side of Daggett, was
reached two masked men crawled over
the tender of the engine, covered the
engineer and fireman and ordered the
former to stop the train. The engineer
applied the emergency brakes and
brought the train to a stop with a jerk, j
It is customary when the emergency i
brake is applied for the express mes- |
sengers to extinguish the lights in their ■
car, in order that j)ersons outside may !
not have an advantage. Messenger
Hutchison and Assistant Blakeley,
picking up their short-barreled shot
guns, slid open the doors on each
side and took up positions in the
shadow. Blakeley was seen by a robber \
on his side, who shot at him, the bullet
passing within six inches of his thigh.
Blakeley retaliated. His aim was won
derful in the darkness, the bullet strik
ing the robber in the left eye, killing
him instantly. The other robber fled.
Incidents In connection with the hold
up leads to the belief that the two rob
bers had accomplices along the track j
and missed connections. When the j
train stopped the bandits fired two j
shots, evidently as signals. Two armed
men passed after the train had pulled j
out again and a bonfire was seen close I
to the track farther on. This was to
mark the place for the bandits on the
train to stop at, but they missed calcu
lations, halting some distance this side
of the bonfire.
At Barstow Constable Medlin of Dag
gett was telegraphed to and a switch
engine was sent out for the remains,
which were brought to Barstow. where
they were Identified as those of Igna
tius Eisler. By the side of his body
were found several sticks of giant
powder.
Constable Medlin telegraphed to the
authorities here and at 10:25 a special
with Sheriff Holcomb, District Attor
ney Dajey, Coroner Keating and sev
eral deputies left for the scene of the
hold-up, ninety miles away. Tl^ey ar
rived at Barstow shortly after 2 o'clock
and immediately started out. Unless
the robbers had horses they will have
little chance to escape. Water is scarce
on the desert, and traveling slow and
difficult.
Train Robbers Convicted.
T.OS ANGELES, Nov. 19.— Lorenzo D.
Hail and Albert Casner, on trial before
Judge Wellborn for conspiracy to rob the
United States mail In connection with
the Oro Grande train held up on April 20
last, were this evening found guilty by
the jury. Ji:<lße Wellborn has not yet
fixed the date of sentence. 1
THE SAN FRAISCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
THE TROUBLE IN THE PHILIPPINES.
View of the City of Iloilo, Panay Island, and a Part of Yuimaris Island, Just Opposite,
"With the Charleston and the Concord in the Straits Between.
ONE SOLDIER
KILLED AND
THREE WOUNDED
Assailed by Filipinos
at Manila.
NATIVES RESIST ARREST
SERGEANT PRICE OF THE MIN
NESOTA REGIMENT SLAIN. t
em
Disastrous Encounter the Result of
an Attempt by the American
Military Police to Check
a Dispute.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Nov. 18.— Three Filipino
natives last night hired a carriage and
afterward became engaged in a dis
pute with the driver regarding the fare.
Some members of the American mili
tary police attempted to arrest the na
tives, but the latter resisted, and Ser
geant Price of the Minnesota Regi
ment was stabbed and killed and three
other American soldiers — Mont
gomery and Hoyt— were wounded.
Maher shot one native dead, and the
others were arrested.
The Spanish cruisers Isla de Cub*
and Isla de Luzon, which were sunk
during the battle of Manila, have been
floated and docked at Cavite.
The United States revenue cutter
McCulloch has left Manila on her way
home. ' -, : . ,
The Philippine provinces have suf
fered from the- severest typhoon In
years Malados, the headquarters of
Aguinaldo, has been damaged and
many villages destroyed.
The merchants of this city have de
sided to establish a chamber of com
merce, which by Spanish law they
were previously precluded from doing.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— Neither
the War nor the Navy Department
has any information concerning the
fight between the Filipinos and Amer
ican soldiers. The muster rolls of
Company E, ' Thirteenth Minnesota,
show the names of : Sergeant Jay C.
Price and Privates Linsley Hoyt,
Harry T. Montgomery and George
Mahar, all of whom enlisted from St.
Paul. Some of the last named given in
the Manila dispatches are duplicated
in other companies, but the probabili
ties are that the names given herein
are those of the men concerned.
IN HANDS OF" INSURGENTS.
MANILA, Nov. 19.— 1t is reported that
Iloilo, capital of the island of Panay,
is in the hands of the insurgents. The
United States cruiser Charleston and
the United States gunboat Concord
have gone there.
MADRID, Nov. 19.— An official dis
patch from Iloilo says the situation in
the Visayas Islands Is less grave than
alleged. The insurgent attack on Iloilo
is denied.
ONLY ONE DEATH AT MANILA
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The fol
lowing has been received at the War
Department:
"MANILA Nov. 19.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: Following death
since last report: November 14, Jay
Smith, private, Company G, First South
Dakota; apoplexy, following malarial
fever. OTIS."
The War Department officials say
that the report, showing a small death
rate among so many soldiers, is ex
tremely gratifying, and indicates an
improved condition at Manila. That
only one death should occur among 20,
000 soldiers in a week or ten days is
very surprising. The department be
lieves that there is great improvement
In the health conditions in the Philip
pines.
Will Not Visit Spain.
MADRID, Nov. 19.— Count yon Rado
witz, the Germnn Emhas?ador. has offi
cially notified the Spanish Government
that Emperor William has abandoned his
Intended visit to Spanish ports, "owing
to the change in temperature in the
Mediterranean."
Advances made on furniture and pfahos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ESTERHAZY MAKES
NEW REVELATIONS
Declares Y\e Was tt)e Tool^of the
GeQeral Staff and Left France
to Escape Assassination.
PARIS, Nov. 19.— La Liberte publishes this morning ex
tracts from the advance sheets of the first part of Count
Esterhazy 's book, entitled " L'Affaire Dreyfus," In which the
writer declares himself the victim of Cavalgnac (recently
Minister of War), whose enmity for him, he says, arises
from the fact that their fathers were political enemies.
Esterhazy reasserts that he was the tool of the general
staff; that it was the general staff who always dictated his
conduct; that by their orders he, struck Lieutenant Colonel
Picquart, and that it was the general staff who selected his
seconds when he challenged Picquart and furnished him
with "exceptional and Irregular means" of defending him
self.
He left France, he asserts, to "escape assassination or
being driven to suicide like Lieutenant Colonel Henry."
STATE TREASURER
GREEN'S REPORT
System of Depositories
Favored.
INTEREST ON PUBLIC FUNDS
BANKS COULD HANDLE THEM
ON AMPLE SECURITY.
Plan by Which, the Official Believes,
Nearly Four Hundred Thousand
Dollars Could Be Saved
Yearly.
Ep«cial Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 19.— 1n his re
port to the Governor, State Treasurer
Will S. Green makes several valuable
recommendations. The report was in
part as follows:
I feel that I would not be dome my
whole duty if I did not call attention to
the fact that California is still following
the method of collecting money semi
anr.ually from the people and storing it
up as old junk, when the object and
only object of money is circulation. We
also pay large sums for the transporta
tion of money to and from the treasury,
which is a most useless proceeding.
When I took charge of this office in
the latter part of April last-just before
another taxpaying time— l found W,w>7,
2ul 66 in the vault, and after the June
settlements there was $4,068,419 11 on hand,
and I found that the monthly balances
for the fiscal year ending June 30 last
averaged $3,393,772 55. When I considered
these figures, together with the large
amount* continually in the county treas
uries, I could not help thinking that it
was a condition which called for a rem
edy, and I set about maturing a plan that
would make the people perfectly safe, put
the money in circulation, and make it «•
source of revenue Instead of expense, as
at present. Upon thorough consideration
and investigation I am of the opinion
that a system of State and county de
positories ought to be established.
Taking up the matter of State money
first—
I would advertise, asking banks to re
ply, stating how much money each bid
der would handle and how much interest
would be paid on dally balances, for the
amount proposed to be taken. A mini
mum bid should be fixed, say, at 2Vs per
cent. In considering bids preference
should be given to localities in which are
located State institutions so as to avoid
transportation, and where bids are the
same a proper disposition of the money
between bidders should be made and lo
cality should also be considered.
Each depository should be required tto
deposit bonds of the United States, this
State or some county or municipality in
the State to tj*e maximum amount of th?
money deposited with the depository, as
security that the checks will be paid when
presented. The Controller should draw
his warrant on the Treasurer as at pres
ent, and the latter draw his check on th*
proper depository, keeping In view as
nearly as possible an equal distribution
of the amount drawn.
To make home bonds equal to Govern
ment bonds the amount of taxes paid on
bonds deposited should be deducted from
the interest to be paid. A board of de
p«'Sit.'r should be created from some three
of the State officers— say Governor, Treas
urer and Attorney General— who should
supervise the letting and settle all mat
ters of dispute that might arise.
The county system might be almost the
same except that there could be but lit
tle use for a County Treasurer. The Audi
tor could draw his warrant direct on the
depository, and the Tax Collector could
pay into the depository, or the offices of
both Tax Collector and Treasurer might
be consolidated, thus doing away with one
office. Did I expect to be active in politi
cal life I should hardly dare to suggest a
decrease in the number of offices, for It
is not a popular suggestion. I am, how
ever, trying to tell the people how money
can be saved. ■ The Supervisors might be
the Board of deposits for the county, but
it should be the duty of the State Treas
urer to supervise the amount and kind of
securities presented and where necessary
the State board might have supervision
of any matters arising out of the matter
of deposits.
To save the cost of so much transporta
tion a system of checking; should be ar
ranged between the depositories and this
might well be left to the State Board of
Deposits.
The law should provide that in case of
municipal or county bonds those of coun
ties or municipalities that had a debt
greater than a fixed percentage of the
assessed value of the property should not
be taken.
I am of the opinion, from balances
taken from the books of the county treas
uries — I did not get all — that the monthly
balances In all the counties will foot up
over $5,000,000.
I have no means of determining even
approximately the cost of trans^rtation
of money, Tbut $15,000 per month U a con
servative estimate.
If we abolish one county office we will
have a saving of about $125,000. The inter
est on the State's money at 3 percent would
amount to over $100,000, and the county
money at the same rate to $150,000, making
a grand total of $390,000 ncr annum saved.
There are many millions of dollars of
bonds vi.oat in this State on which no
taxes are collected, and yet when they are
sold every bid is made with the assump
tion that the Assessor might get hold of
them, or that the wear and tear of con
science in making false statements under
oath is worth something. The plan pro
posed would "make a demand for this
class of bonds, and the price would ad
vance, making another material saving to
the people. Neither would there be any
loss on account of remitting taxes, for we
do not get any taxes on them now to
speak or But great as the savings ap
pear, I do not regard them as of as much
importance as letting the money out Into
free circulation, reducing interest on
money to all people.
Hoping that I might not be alone on
these ideas. I addressed a letter to the sev
eral State Treasurers asking each what
system was in vogue in his State. I was
pleased to find that several of the States
were moving up to this point, and that
some have nearly reached it, and in
those where a deposit system has been
inaugurated perfect satisfaction has been
obtained.
Missouri comes nearer to my ideas than
any of them. There money is let out on
bids, and bonds are required to be de
posited as security, but she only gets 1.62
per cent for her money — Sessions Acts,
1596, page 27(5. _^
Minnesota permits the State Treasurer
to deposit money in banks at 3 per cent
on individual security, and the Treas
urer's bond is also liable — General
Statutes, section 344.
North Dakota makes deposits of money
in banks and requires deposits of securi
ties. She gets 4 to 5 per cent— Statutes
1898, pp. 725.
Michigan makes deposits on "good and
ample security, to be approved by the
Treasurer, Auditor General and. Secretary
of State." From 2 to 3 per cent is real
ized—Howell's Annotated Statutes, sec
tions 356. 397 and 398.
In Alabama the State money la kept In
the vault, but the Treasurer has recom
mended to the General Assembly that met
in November that depositories be estab
lished and that deposited bonds be re
quired as security.
Florida makes deposits in banks on per
sonal security, and gets 2^ per cent.
(Chapter 4586, laws of Florida. 1897.)
Rhode Island makes deposits on mort
gage security, but requires no security
from national banks with a paid up capi
tal of $500,000. (Title 6, chap. 33, General
Laws.)
Kentucky has established depositories,
and requires a deposit of bonds as secur
ity. She gets 2 per cent. (Acts IS9I, 2
and 3.)
As all the States did not answer my let
ters. I presume that there are others
doing the same; but here are quite an
array of States striking out. as I think.
In the right direction. Several have been
doing so for a number of years, and all
express satisfaction with It. I do not find
that any of them have carried the system
into the counties, but there seems to be
fully as much reason for the counties as
the States.
ORDER OF THE uOLDEN FLEECE.
MADRID. Nov. 19.— The Spanish Gov
ernment has received dispatches from
Senor Montero Rios, president of the
Peace Commission of Spain at Paris, de
tailing the investure of President Faure
with the Order of the Golden Fleece,
bestowed upon him by the Queen Regent,
and giving further particulars regarding
the peace negotiations.
President Faure has conferred the
grand cordon of the Legion of Honor on
the Queen Regent.
HUDYAN" is the greatest WjWMmf HUDSON MEDICAL INSTV
remedio-treatment that has WzMii3*gs TUTE, an i from no one else..
ever been produced by any Y&wJrMt You need HUDYAN when tha
combination of physicians. y im&j&A U\ facial nerves twitch, as there ii "^
It cures prematurity. The l^jfisTtll 1J if certain to be an irritation at
HUDYAN remedio- treat- . )%»}! j f/fflf their c?nt-rs in the brain. You
ment cures the diseases and MSB^^WIIM need HUDYAN when there Is
disabilities of men. It is a ... I fHl,ll( m§ a decline of the nerve force, be-
remedio-treatment for men \W|\lu\B fj^Ja cause this decline shows a lack
only. It . cures nervous VjlmliVil of nerve life, which may develop
weakness, sptrmatorrriceT, VJilliiriP into nervous debility, and then
losses and pimples. HUl> tVIm UllSwfitS possibly into nervous prostra-
VAN cures depression of s!ul(yWflaW/ tio »- If you have harassed your
spirits, bashfulness. inabil- *Hl lllli/Bmy 7> nerves, if you have knot-
Ity to look frankly into the ri>-(EM\\m2/ %C ted or enaned them, if
ryes of another. HUD- m figF X you hav = abused your
VAN cures headache, dim- 4tW?3M f.,jr& nerves, the best th> e for
ness of sight, weak m-rn- -^^W&^L you to get ;s HUDYAN.
nry. loss of voice. HUD- **^\ MjßßMh\ You can get HUDYAN
VAN cures stunted growth, Jw* dSWtk on!'/ from us. HUDYAN
dv«pep<b constipation. - mff . MWm&m ' cur vaiicocel?, hy :
HUDYAN cures weakness ff//'i|i»lj drocele, dizziness,
or pains in the small of AW *$' \\\ \[\Wl2A *. ~*+ falling sensations,
the back, loss of muscu- f^g|l^./! li W^ll^» d . sp 4 sorrow
lar power gloom y, m- 1- O*jp£ w^'i'.: %jf Jf fc^^ii. and.mifery. Con-
?. n . C tW»Ki orebo i ln^ S ; vt»Ottfl&r\W Hu&^r&Z* suit the HUDSON
HUDYAN can be had i|l%®§l^C3^ doctors about
from the doctors of trie &if i "^a'^l^^wi'^ HUDYAN in their
a buildlhi of thirty rooms; or write for circulars and testimonials of the ?r?at
HUDYAN. Call for information or write for CIRCULARS AND TESTI-
MONIALS, FREE. ■■■ ■ \ ''■ ■ --.
HUDSON MEDICAL institute,
N Ellis, Market and Stockton Streets, San Francisco, Gal.
BLOOD POISON— In Its first, secondary or tertiary. form is sure to show these Dad
BLOOD POlSON— signs: You will notice copper-colored spots, an Itching skin, irrt-
BLOOD POlSON— rated, dry." parched throat, sores in moutn, failing hair. You
BLOOD POlSON— have to be quick .to. stop this disease. If you want to be cured
BLOOD POISON— a ily, quickly and thoroughly consult the doctors of HUD
BLOOD POISON— Their great ! .•
BLOOD POISON— -T*r\ n « v r\w /Der
BLOOD POISON- ; JU-D/IY CURE )■;>+:'•■ :
BLOOD POISON— Is what you need. Call or write for circu ars 30-day cur* >;
ARBITRATION OUT
OF THE QUESTION
Spain Cannot Get Third
Party's Aid.
MUST GIVE UP AT ONCE
NO WAY IN WHICH SHE CAN RE
TAIN THE PHILIPPINES.
As President McKinley Prepared thd
Peace Protocol He Alone Claim*
the Right to Inter
pret It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Further instructions
respecting the character of the note to
be presented to. the Spanish commis
sioners on Monday next were sent to
Judge Day to-day. The authorities de
cline to state specifically their nature,
but I was told that they relate merely
to minor points and were brought up
by Judge Day in a dispatch which he
sent to Secretary Hay this morning.
Secretary Hay received this morning
from the cipher experts of the depart
ment a translation of the synopsis of
the Spanish commission's note received
on Wednesday. The cablegram from
Judge Day settin" forth the contents
of the note was so long that the last of
it was not received until this morning.
In the concluding paragraphs the
Spanish representatives suggested that
some competent person be selected to
interpret the provision of the protocol
relating to the Ph.lippines to determine
whether or not the United States had
a right to demand their cession.
Such arbitration is out of the ques
tion, and Judge Day and his associates
have been informed of the attitude of
the administratic on this point. The
authorities still insist that as the Presi
dent prepared the protocol and Spain
accepted it he only is qualified to de
termine its meaning, and he will not
permit the entrance of any third party
or power into the discussion.
It was reported this afternoon that
the American commissioners will pre
sent an ultimatum to the Spaniards on
Monday. It was officially stated that
the report is untrue. As the Herald
has explained, what will be done will
be that in concluding their note the
American commissioners will declare
that there can be no further discussion
of the rights of this Government to
take the islands: that Spain must re
linquish them without further discus
sion, and that the President expects
that the work of preparing a treaty
of peace shall be concluded without
further delay. It is expected the Span
iards will make every effort to get
every cent possible out of this Govern
ment, but it is not believed the Presi
dent will be willing to pay Spain more
than $25 000.000 or $30.0Q0.000.
VENERABLE PEIEST'S DEATH.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 19. — Rev. Father
Luke Baudeneili, the oldest priest in the
American province of the Passlonist Or
der, died at St. Paul's Monastery here to
day after a lingering illness. Father Bau
deneili was a member of the order fifty
two years. The interment will take place
in the monastery cemetery on Monday.IRISH LEAGUE
MEETINGS ARE
NOT MOLESTED
Vast Importance of
the Movement.
PLENTY OF LAND FOR ALL
BUT CONCESSIONS MUST BE
MADE BY LARGE HOLDERS.
Clancy Reviews the Happenings of a
Week at Dublin and Tells of
Matters of General In
terest in Ireland.
BY J. J. CLANCY, M. P.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN, Nov. The Government
Eeome to be taking a lesson in common
sense. As I have mentioned in previous
letters they have been doing their best
of late to give importance to the United
Irish League movement by proclaiming
the meetings of that body. The result of
such action was to make the meetings
larger and larger, and, as a matter of
fact, since the proclamations began to be
Issued the movement has begun steadily
to assume larger and larger dimensions.
This tact seems to have considerably af
fected the minds of the Castle authori
ties, for last Sunday one of the greatest
meetings yet held in support of the objects
01' the league— at Castlerea in the Coun
ty of Roscommon— took place without
any interference on the part of the po
lice, though there was as much reason
for interfering with it as there was for
doing so in the case of any demonstration
with which the Castle has concerned it
pelf. The Castlerea meeting was really
large, the speeches were even more out
spoken than any previously delivered
and the danger to the large grazier
whose lands the league desires to see di
vided up among the people, if there has
ever been any danger to them personally,
was quite as great. The future of the
movement now depends on the Govern
ment. If the policy adopted in regard
to the Castlerea meeting continues 10 be
that of the Castle— that is, of the Gov
ernment — everything will go on quietly.
If not, there may easily be such a state
of public disturbance and disorder as will
attract the attention not only of Ireland
as a whole, but of Great Britain an
America as well. The object aimed at is
to give additional land to the small hold
ers in the "congested" districts. Those
people are at present compelled to liv
on such small patches of land as cannot
sufhee lor the maintenance of their xam
iius, while ail around are vast tracts of
%i<izii.g land in me possession ol sneep
ana cattle. To compel tnose small lion
tis to uepend on tneir actual means of
Euosistence is practically to condemn
tnem to perpetual starvation and to taKe
mat course would De monstrous in view
01 tne tact mentioned mat tnere is plenty j
or ad to give mem, if only tne graziers
are bOUgni uut. .fortunately tntie is a :
chance as the result of tne present move
ment tiiut tne uovernmeht will devote a
r»urii'>a. or the next session to dealing by
ietrisiauon with tiiHJ question in a more,'
or less jjauslaciory.'maiiner. i'-i;
We have had a visit tnis week in Dub
lin from Sir John Lubooeii, M. ¥ the dis- j
tinguished banker anu scientist of Lon- |
don, ii' came over here to deliver the
inaugural lecture at the opening meeting
ot our newest organization— the Irisn i
Bankers" institute, mis is a body com
posed of the leading men in Ireland con
nected with the banking business, and it i
was much wanted tor the purpose of i
bringing together at intervals all inter- j
ested in' that branch of commerce, Hith- ■
erto those persons have never had any \
means of communicating with one another j
on questions affecting them as bankers, |
and yet very serious questions nave arisen j
regarding which it is absolutely neces- j
sary that legislation should take place.
The Bankers Institute will supply the
necessary means of discussing all such I
questions. Sir John Lubboch, however, ]
in his address did not deal with those
matters, but preferred, on the .contrary,
to give an historical retrospect of the his- ■
tory of banking in all the countries of
the world, and the consequence was that,
though he made some interesting refer- |
ences to the ancient currency of the land, j
he was universally voted a bore. The fact
is that he is a man of much and varied
Information, but he is so dull and un
interesting a speaker that the best things
he says seem commonplace. I have my
self had experience of him for several
years in the House of Commons, and 1
know as a matter of fact that, despite j
all his books on scientific and monetary
subjects, he is usually listened to by but
a small audience, and then only with
impatience. It may, consequently, be as
sumed that he did not "take well" in
the dining hall of Trinity College, Dub
lin which is accustomed to rather good
speakers. : But his address was interest-
Ing all the same, and the proceedings
which ensued brought out some of the
leading commercial and business men in
Dublin. Among them the most prominent,
undoubtedly, was the Right Hon. Alder
man Joseph Meade. Alderman Meade is
the leading citizen of Dublin from a social
and commercial point of view. He is a
builder and contractor by trade, but he is
also chairman or president of the Hiber
nian Bank and the leading member of
the Dublin Corporation. In politics he
has always been a most uncompromising
Parnellite. This last mentioned fact,
which of course, was brought home to Sir |
John Lubboch, must have considerably
disenchanted and disgusted him. for he is
a most determined Unionist and his idea,
as well as that of all men like him in
London, is that all persons of wealth and
substance in Ireland, and especially In
Dublin, belong to the Unionist party.
Nor la Alderman Meade by any means
the only man of the kind in the National
ist ranks. Indeed, the fact is that all
but a few of the class are Home Rulers,
and this was shown very clearly a few
years ago when the Maquis of Ripon ana
John M'orley visited Ireland.
Next to the demonstration in honor of
Wolfe Tone in August and the Parnell
demonstration last month, must be reck
oned that in the town of Wexford this
week in honor of the men of who in
that county fell fighting that year in de
fence of home and liberty. Probably
15.000 people assembled on the occasion to
assist in laying the foundation stone of a
monument in commemoration of the ex
ford martyrs. The whole population ot
thp town and district, in fact, turned out
with bands and banners, and the entnu-
FiaFm was unbounded. When we remem
ber the history of Wexford the fact Is I
scarcely wonderful. It was the scene, of
one of the most terrible massacres of \
Cromwell, and in '98 the market place of
the old town was the pcfne of a some
what similar massacre. The result is that
the inhabitants of the town from that day
to this regard England or rather English
rule with the utmost detestation and hor
ror nd are ready at this time at any mo-,
mont to manifest the fact to all the
world. The chief speakers in Wexford
this week were Mr. John Redmond and
Ms brother. William: but in addition to
them was the historian of '9S. the Rev.
Father Kavannsrh. th<; Franciscan friar
whose portrait The Call published a short
time ago. 1 need not summarize the
ehes. The plain meaning of the whole
affair is that "Woxfnrd at least is quite as
rebellious against English rule as it was :
one hundred years ago. and that It lacks |
only the means and opportunity to give |
proof of the 'fact. This, however, is as j
true of every part of Ireland outside of a
email part of Ulster as it is of Wexford, !
and the Government . knows it well,
though Mr. Chamberlain talked in Amer- ;
ica as if the local government act had ;
settled the Irish question, and though the I
Lord Lieutenant. Lord Cadogan, spoke I
the other day in Belfast of the "loyalty" !
of Ireland. This county Is at present j
Teachable and quiet— more peaceable and !
quiet, probably, than it has been for a !
hundred years— but those who know the
people best know that they are only wait
ing for an opportunity' to cast off the ,
English yoke. 1
THE EMPORIUM.
SS2&, Fur Cape Sale.
(Monday Only! Monday! Monday!
175 Black French Coney Capes, full /"~*^\
circular, cut in the very latest style, as rf^Mf^ljb
illustrated, made of whole perfect skins, % *£&%&
the majority of them lined with heavy
black all-silk satin linings; the 16 and 18 ■ £&'? lik
inch lengths regularly $12.50, the 20 and
22 inch -lengths regularly $15, will lie .^ _ j^^^^^^L^
sold during this special sale to-morrow "J^fv^fs^S^. ■■
(Monday) only any £Z £\ X ft sjt \\
length for g/£ I' l m,
50 of these Capes will be mM &m$P
reserved for the first 50 /ffl^^^^^."
country orders. Write at /( i/77^rf^
once if you want one* Tk -• ° *** pnnß
Ladies' Shoes.
..•....■-
Cc ==== To\ Ladies' Vici Kid Lace .
\ST Jo/ Shoes, kid tops, new coin
U^\|°j toes, patent leather tips,
j^s^|°l flexible sewed soles, the
/ newest models, lasts and '■■
/ /<fpC\ patterns, all sizes and
widths, only
$1.98. ,
1
i
Ladies' Black Storm Calf VoT— — —x 3
Lace Shoes, medium wide \°\_/y/ '.
coin toes, the uppers made \o\Ai\
of box calf, with a neat \°sr I i
toe cap of same material, tPfcjffl I '
extension sole, square edge, /^fyjvS 1
broad trend and foot form (vS^ V; /\ \
swing— a very easy fitting Jgp\ ) \
and stylish shoe— all sizes l&ll A/V/f \\
and widths. y^E^=4JC/ «
$2.50. /x sssss I
1
Holiday Presents
For Eastern Friendsm
<^. And for friends
y'j&'**~ m^\ at home, as well,
\ W^ \ in the beautiful
\ [^Zir^^Z^ \ Chinese and Japa-
' il 'Z.'f^^^^^ I ' W\ nese Bazaar— the j
,Us ;^-s>;<_ YjJ finest in San Fran- 1
' ,i j^^^?i^2- / These quaint and j
\'yv ?/ curious Oriental
' V " a ' $// wares are very
\ V^**. J* '' scarce on the other j
, *^Mi^ <^ side of the Rock- j
< ies, and ...-. very much sought for. Tour- y
1 ists s/nul.i not .cave tut city without j ■
viiting California's largest and best \
bazaar.
The remarkable collection of Chinese '
and Japanese goods includes : . ; '.
Dainty Chinaware |
Tea and Dinner Sets j i
Unique China Vases
Embroidered Jackets and Gowns
Silk Handkerchiefs and Shawls i
Ivory and Wood Carvings
\ Lacquered Ware
!' Cloisonne Ware
> Bamboo Furniture, Screens
1 Bronzes and Ebonies
! Jardinieres, Lanterns, Fans, etc.
' Main floor, rear.'
Cloak Department
Cut Prices.
Warm weather has retarded the Cloak
business. Stock is too large for now. To
reduce it quickly many lines of splendid gar-
ments cut in price. These tell the story:
THIS NEW JACKET, all-wool Tan Covert,
2 shades ,new sleeves, all sizes, regular price $8, cut
this week to $6.45.
$20 Silk-lined Jacket cut to $14.95.
BLACK CREPON SKIRTS, new, all wool,
well lined and bound, regular price $5, cut this week
to $3.95.
New $22.50 Ruffled and Flounced Skirt cut to
$17.95.
I NEW BLACK CLOTH CAPE,, with deep
y ruffle, all-wool Kersey, extra full and stylish cut, reg-
y ular price $8, cut this week to $6.45.
£ New Plaid $10 Golf Capes cut to $7.45.
I SILK-LINED TAILOR DRESS, black,
1 all-wool serge, fly front jacket, lined all through skirt
£ and jacket with black silk Taffeta, regular price $20,
y cut this week to $13.75.
* $30 and $32.50 new fine Tailor Dresses cut to
► NEW CLOTH WAIST, all wool, braided,
* lined" yoke, blue, red and black, regular price $1.70,
k cut this week to $1.39.
h New $6.50 Black Silk Taffeta Waist, $4.95.
THIS DARK CAPE MACKINTOSH,
£ good covert cloth, plaid lining, all lengths, regular
£ price $6.50, cut this week to $4.45.
I 1899 Calendars.
► The largest variety in the city |
£ from which to make selections. j
» California Calendars
I for 1899.
ft, "U. S." Volunteer Calendar— sOc
> Same, fir* t>-'ge colored •' ..SI.OO
► "Boys of '98" Calendar $1.00
* "Stanford" Calendar 50c
? Same on red hoard ..$l.OO ;
£ •'American Girls" Calendar 50c j
Z Same on fapm paper $1.00
* "California Art" Calendar 50c I
» 5 m-.onJ.p2np per $1.00 j
* "California . Chinese" Calendar, by I
* ■ Gertrude Pardington 50c j
* Same on Japan bibtr $1.00 j
? "Solly Wai era* Chinese" Calendar 50c i
■l Same on rei hoard $1.00 |
£, "California Missions" Calendar, with i
V sprays of poppies •• $1.00
•> "California Wild Flowers" Calendar... sOc ;
* "California Golden Poppies" Calendar..soc
? "Cupid's Ways" Calendar.. :..» .....25c I
& "Great Artists" Calendar:..?., ..23c j
& Unique Chinese Calendars
J U "„ sOc, 75c and $1.00
> Unique Indian Calendars
»> .„.. .......:.-sl.s*>, 51.75, and $2.00
5 Eastern Calendars
V" For 1899 published by Prang, Dubbon & j
•■ Tuck — an immense assortment at from |
* 14c to $1.35 each.
* Christmas and New Year Cards, lc to
J 2Oc each. , V,' - \
|w Largest assortment of Calendars and
» Cards in the city to pick from. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. NOVEMBER 20, 189 S.
THE EMPORIUM;
Maior Jl. J. Criaui Cornet Soloist and Smallest Living Perfectly Formed m.in, Entertains Daily in Doll Show.
Marvelous T*^ a^* A uf V
Kid Dolls. Santa Glaus Will Arrive Monday, November 28. Sundry Toys. ,
Full Kid body, Bisque head, The great Toy Display is ready now — ready to gladden the hearts of Reins— sc, 10c, .«^ j
Mohair wig of curly ringlets, /£sv children both big and little. No show this side of New York can approach 15c, 25c, 40c 50c. >|f (
fixed eyes, cork stuffed-13 ' " Jr>JL it. It covers 25,000 square feet of floor space. Bring the children to see wit V t en ]ii 8 -a^' f-j ]
inches long, 25c-il in ches ; Jfeifefc doUs, their houses, wardrobes and furniture; the animals that perform t^ll, $I. ' :
Same with shoes and stock- 7 [V in the doll circus, the wonderful mechanical toys, the holiday tableaux and Magic Lanterns, _r^\\r^ |t Y^.
ings, 19 inches long, Si.OO— / A 4 ' all the rest. Their happiness in the midst of this fairy land display is 60c, $1 .00, $1.50, %^Jffl,/ / , / ///,i|/V| ,
16 inches, 75c— 13 inches, L I\J 7 » . . - . r $2.50, $3.50, $0.00, \Z/iv >> '-. rvJ/
25c. J7 . a\\ infectious. $7.50, $10. '«-— S Sf\ '<
Same, with moving or sleep- """T'' J*» _ Velocipedes. Tricycles. Tin Choral Top fijf^v W *-*^_\ \
ing eyes and shoes and ~4 i**£\ «_«, s^J n nilniH • t-r\-^ c ' ?^ c-c -' -^ ' — ' I
B^5U-18inchesrS| e-00e -00— Dl 4D 14 !lO >^^^^^^^^^^^^ 16-in Wheel JT* 18 "s3K) heel U-^1.10M.00, >ll^ ~\ i
m Same superior quality Kid, Wlf *. ®^V^^^ *S^ty} 20-in Wheel AM^3 2 °"«4^o 661 ' Kaleidoscopes— sc, 10c, 25c. ;.:
having metal riveted jointed M I ' —Sir 5 ' _, $2.00 ,Ay |At/Vy^T\ oo t> w>, «i Tool Chests— 2sc, 50c, 75c, $1 up to $5. \i
arms, hips and knees, will set *^ » V™ eel L^M¥:Wal $5 50 Scroll Saws, foot power-$3.50, $5 and $11. j :
slSg^^niSsS-^-ncht Z^n^^!i;i^;k 26-^eel OT#*^24|^eel Transparent LEV 10c, «* 25c j
$2.50-18..' inches, $1.50-17^ inches, $5. $2.50 Yj hzU&Xljbs $6>5() and 50c. „I ;
$1.00— 13 i'ches sOc Steamboats— 2oc, oOc, 7oc. zLLiL — ■" Paint Boxes— 2oc, 50c, $1, $1.50,
jg^ ' Streetcars— loc, 25c. _ $2.50 and $3-50.
<*&?£§)i. Fine Express Wagons, etc.— loc, 25?, 50c,75c,51. Toy Furniture. Theaters— soc, $1, $2, $3, $3.50.
©tCiih Jointed \^ Oak Desks— sl. $1.50, Air Guns— 7sc, $1, $1.25, $2.50.
¥?K£yjßL Dolls. o*^ JLj%h\\ $2-50, $3.50, $5, $9. Chair Horses— $1, $1.25, $2.50, $3.
/€ lf%wl _ .- n^ . &~^^& Oak Beds-lOc, 25c, Roc ki D c Horses, wood— sl, $1.50, $2.50,
J S "mlS\ Ball jointed, finest (^ssp^ss/^ /r^=s^soc, $1, $1.50. $4 $7 50
/^^^^rtbrYeauS o^"^^^^ lulll U^^ 2^' Doll Carriages^, 50c, 85c, $1 up to $6.
'111' ll\\^^ 'isque heads, moving | |J 1 J fil fLfj^ J [J~=**-~d I 'i!j l Oak Bureaus — 25c,
//if/I MM eyes, sewed wig of fine U^f^SJl^^^' l^^ l^?^^ :=::::^! \^ 50c, $1, $1.75, $2.50. Christmas Tree Ornaments.
'/ illii' !I i 1 curls, lace and ribbon fj^S^KES^S^^^sti c=a *=» K^e^li Oak Tables — 25c, 50c, v
ill tP M trimmed shirts. N^ — :i -r— T^^ I^^^^'l'll'l : 75c, $1, $1.50, $2.50. A < IaSS Balls,
IIM^JJ 2ut Inches::::::!!^ H orse and Sulkv-25c, 50c. fefczrl 5oJ V 7sc! $ E l!si e5Oe 50, $2.50. S^k&S' dsc " nil '
nVT 23% inche5...... 53.50 stoves— 2sc, 50c, $1, $7.50. ] r W*®r ss * ss f i I:: White Enamel Cra- **%*&& ' " Glass Balls,
/ / igi tt:::::: li Sad Irons-5c ioc, 25c. &** #>J dles-25c, 50c, $1.50. ,%&¥s&- . mat finish -sc,
J( I 30% inches $5.73 Safes— loc, 50c, 75c, $1. ((^ White Enamel Bu- *SjS&S?* 1O i; 12c i  ;.
L^ 34 inches $7.50 . ms , /fS reaus-sl, $1.50, $2.50, $3.50, $4. J/*^^-jii** Glass Balls,tis-
ft - ,im y'ovs. 't-r An '™ I .-., White Enamel Chairs-50c, 75c, $1, $1.50. J *^.v,^i-^l*-^ . sue covered—
S^gTm*, W Fa^™l. Fa ™ M " P lam3> ChlCke ° Wh it e tol ßoc kere - $1 .25, ?1 .50, ? 1.75. yfcggßSSfc *, lo §£^ ill
$ |i.50, $2.50, $3.50 i_ we , ......................... : pc ** «-«- tmsS&^^M
Steamboats— 2sc, 50c, «.J Boxes 11^x17 inches.... • -tog Good painted to represent brick and stone. V,i.»fV^X. IJ *9 *v an d 25c '
$1, $2, $3 and $5. I^%J iSS 1 SB?^ j^S^fi;S M^^^V^^LSfi^H»%i ■ W ■ TiSd Orna-
Locomotives ana J m^ . Woolly Dogs- .«2 inches wide 17 inche.s high 200 " }§? ments— lc, 2 for
Trams, with track— ft J|*j 25c, 50c, $1, $1.50, 13V' inches wide. 20% inches high 300 ~ ..V 33 — — sc, 3c, sc, 10c.
* Yon Top. IML 4>uJ"W >$2 Woo"v Sheep- "'^ SSS; " In^nls 1;IIK:::::::::: ?IS 'oS' silTer and Copper Tinsel-2 envelopes
Passenger Trains, with (^7l^^ IMhJILJJJjr ' 25c, 50c, $1. $1.50, 25c Board SOc Board °Gold, Silver and Copper Tinsel, in strings-
locomotive tender and <t?O<*C7/y/ W/Jrthffl iv • *^ Rabbit. - 25c, Games. Games. 3 for 10c, 2 for 15c "
1 car 10% in. 10ng... 10c • ■ flf VS^ WMr--~ JJT Rabbits - 25c, Games. hames. 3 for 10c, for lbc.
3 cars 2% in. 10ng... 20c /^g^ IJ\ /^lnr TAT~ar— "n <51 «o Football Game Louisa and Golf Christmas Trees — Joe,; oUc, $1, $^.OU
3 cars 28 in. long . . -^ Jmr^^__\ /J± 4 *^V ' W- A P,f Go'den Locks and g»K . _ and $5.
2 cars 2S In. long ...focSK^ \ 4^^-___ / Woolly Cats— Three Bears Raoe to the Klon- „ r, m i- o- -n^ T&. a^.
is»i l a ▼ \ ■ <s^=== i^ ?r . soc. $ i. «, p; „, ,^,. re ° j- sr* »«» *■ *• ■* «•
2 cars 45 in. long ..$l5O ?<>• r ... TndH Mansion of Happi- "* . c ir>/ , -.r. -_ -n- 7-_7 -_
! c^KnS^nf i|S SUn Animals. Si^Ti — -^Tto the North J^SST^ ** "*
ca r rs 10 | inches El::::::::::: $£ Horses-25c 50c $1 $1 50 $1.85, $2.25. J*^^ Dewey at g Pole chage santa Claus _ c, 25c, 5 0c,5i, 51.50. 52.50.
i cars 31 "chel SSS:::::::::::" " ! -85? Elephants -oOc, $1, $i-»o, $2..^. • Manlla tattle for the Flag Cupids-lOc, 25c,'50c.
" Hose Carts-ror2sc;sOc,sl, $2. ?1 00 Cows— 2oc, $1, $1.50, $2. $3.50. Errand Chase Naval; War Stands for Chnstmas Tree S -2oc, $1, «i or:
Hats for Men ana uoys.
If you have been paying $2.50 for your
hats, we would like to show you an
easy way of making 65c*
We have all the Fall and Winter Blocks —
Dunlap's, Youman's, Stetson's and Knox —
and sell the $2.50 quality at <tl PC
the Children's Gap De-
partment receives the novelties that
appear in New York as fast as the trains
can bring them. A recent shipment of
new styles in Tans, Sailors and Yachts
are little beauties. Prices $1.50, $1.00,
75c and 49c.
New Suit Patternsm
96 Novelty Suit patterns, no two alike —
styles exclusive here— the most compre-
hensive range of styles and colorings
shown in town — all rich in effect and
seasonable — worth from $7.50 to $17.50
the suit. Our Emporium prices <* , - _ n
$5.00, $7.50, $8 50, $10 4>IZ.SU
AT 513.50 SUIT— New Black Crepons—
the brilliant kind— as lustrous as silk.
We have only just received them by ex-
press. They are novel, dressy, beautiful.
Blocks.
Architectural Building Blocks— loc, 25c,
50c, $1.
Wagons of Building Blocks— loc,2sc,soc,sl
Pyramid Picture Blocks— sc, 10c, 15c, 25c,
SOc, 75c, $1.
Alphabet Blocks— sc, 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c,
75c, $1, $1.25.
Picture Cubes, per box — 10c, 25c, 50c,
$1, $1.50, $2.
THE EMPORIUM.
Special Sale of
Cape Collarettes.
In Lace Aisle.
Two lots of very handsome Black Lib-
erty Silk Cape Collarettes — on special sale
during the coming week as long as quan-
tities last :
Several elegant styles, made of best
quality Black Liberty Silk— elaborately
trimmed — regular value $6.00 a- rr\
and $5.00 each— sale price 4>O.DU
A lot of very elaborately trimmed Black
Liberty Silk Capes— made extra full and
long— regular value $8.50 and p.^.
$7.50 each— sale price $J»UU
New Eiderdowns.
Eiderdown Flannels, heavy texture, close
surface nap, in 15 different plain color-
ings, including lavender, pink, blue, black,
tan, etc., etc., fully 36 inches wide — .j-
the ideal wrapper fabric, per yard... 4DC
GrS at Furniture Special®.
Special offering for this week only. If you need any one of these articles you
cannot afford to buy without examining into these. We hay.3 now on show a fine
line of Fancy Rockers, Music Cabinets, Parlor Tables and Book Gases, suitable for
Christmas. Any Christmas purchase made now will be stowed free of charge and
delivered when wanted.
Parlor Table — Like picture, guaranteed quarter-sawed
Moak, piano polish or mahoganized, size of top 24x24 inches,
with a convenient shelf below for books. For this <t>| iff
sale • CJJI.3 J
This Fine Enameled €\
Bed — Dainty bras, Ip Jk
trimmings, 1 16-inch *i«r I ""V J Oi
post, any size. Special > \~jt -^ _ ,Ml rj
this week, co 7- W^^raM*/'
n This square < }iv££C£~~~ ! '
ill _/^? libJii i i pie comfortably when extended, and is tf»^ er/\
jSr^s^v - !syis_l^sJ j worth $10. Special for this week CJ>/.JV
,f~~II ifll^^^jlf =, s lid Oak 5 - Drawer Chif - KTT7L- i>
v* "" Wtj perfectly made, brass \^s=^^f^T^ -ft
m f=^ hard handles and trimmings, . j , T 'f lt \ .
regularly sold for $9.00. * *»; £■%£ '
2-^ Special for this d«/r CC ''_ :
QX]l_[__J&l^ This stylish "King Arthur" _^
'*^^^~ \> m^aZ*tf Round Dining Table, solid • U£g f r],* t *.= i O
iiiiiir^™ Til quarter oak, heavy carved -^ ; "
mV SIM 111 egs ' n'Bhlyn '8 h ly and brilliantly \*iZi***-*_ *&
II sH I ili 1 polished, will seat 12 people _ . '~ --^!>i__
L§ II ' eg8 ' cora T t> regularly sold ~\jf _—-+ . : *_ up
bu | fijfj polished, will seat 12 people — 'Z-^lf 7
<S 113 "^S a w'l^w ' 1^ C( > m fort, regularly sold ■><& -^•'T.- "o r "
H If "^-^ for $30. For this week only, - ~'~-i-- : ~ .
S^3s» l» _^-< ' special price... <r'")') f\i\ j^^- _ -*"r"N J
Competition! ess Carpet Prices.
Ingrain Carpets, special pat- q— Bigelow Axminster, none better made,
terns, straight 2-p!y, per yard. ... JSC 20 designs, new and beautiful, <ri a*
T ,i>r virH *J>l«ifc/
Full 10-wire Tapestrj' . Brussels, , in- pwyf™ "".."."  ,
eluding all the leading makes; worth Japanese Matting, linen warp, fancy
90c per yard, laid and lined this -- colors ' charming patterns, per ~j r
week for.. 75C yard... • ***-
Genuine Lowell Body Brussels, name All-Wool Art Squares, whole carpets,
woven on the back, with borders to none better made, 3x2 ' 2 $4.95
match; regularly sold for $1.35 per yards ••••- "
yard: 20 patterns to close '^g -- 3x3 yards. $5.85 ; 3x3 l^ yards,
out at •• ■Jbl.l^2. ' $6.45 ; 3x4 yards, $7.55.
Wool Blankets. ! Three Big Values
in Winter Hosiery.
Firkin ™™LA-™° p Children;* Fast^Blacl c, seamless^ribbed,
California Wool by California mechanics. Cashmere Wool Hose, heavy-weight gray
They are 78 inches wide, weigh 7 lbs, menno, 'heels; and. toes sizes 6 to ?5c
and are a very special value, per "iS'^FasV'mack ''Cashmer^ . Wool
and are a very special value, per *_ -- rt ° , ~* ; ~"*1 ™ 1 v vr 1
air • $7.50 Ladies' Fast Black Cashmere Wool
p .......................... Hose, medium weight, double * ( «/n
Fine White Wool Blan- heels and toes— 3 pairs for Cfri.UU
ketS— ;ilo per cent cotton in the Ladies' two-thread Prince Maco Cotton
warp) — unexcelled at the price ; for Hose, with natural-gray sanitary cash-
warmth and washing qualities— * . mere wool feet, double soles and -p
72 inches wide, and only per pair 4>4wU t0e5~.......v.'..........1.... ...... ......... OKJC
P|| [MPORIUII
P^ Gdldenßule Bazaar. 1
- California's Largesst — s Grandest Store.
THE EMPORIUM.
t Feather Boas.
Ostrich Feather
Boas and Collar- /^7Wi'^*sC°'\.
ettes fortheHoli- /^^^^J
' shipment just re- ((^f^^^^Wj ■
ceived — large fine
imported' feath- .(1 \*^js*y
era, rich glossy ■ K cam jfWs
• black.undoubtedly > <^^~]
; the best . values < \\l-\
that we have ever 4 •^jFft- V• .* s
offered. rp^J^
. 18-inch Ostrich Qi^Jlr, - \
Collarettes, extra C^S-i^ *
full— s6, $5 and N^ . ■'■
' $3.75.
36-inch Ostrich Boas, the best made—
$12.50, $10.50 and 5>8. 50.
45-inch Ostrich Boas, quality guaran-
teed— $«5, $12.50 and $10.50. , v
THE EMPORIUM.
Another &2M§ r &2*2g* <
Rousing &SMK &&M&a - 3
While the quantities last J. . . J
About 60 patterns and colorings . of . Fancy Silks, ranging in *
price from 75c to $1.45 per yard, have been divided into three great <
lots and marked at 50c and : 75c. The sale begins at 8 o'clock *
Monday and lasts through the week if quantities hold out. J
At 50c. At 75c. At 50c. J
' A large assortment of Fancy Figured , Taffeta A complete line of 1
* To^.^,,o^^ Ficmrpd p eau de Soi Mervellieux, changeable Taffeta, new- 1
fancy Jacquard Figured .^ assortment of fc colorin£r3 . and co i or 2
Taffetas, scroll designs, in ' co i or i - also fancy plaid est col « m 6 a nd . , color J
blues, browns, reds, greens, an d checked Taffetas, suit- combinations, nice heavy J
tans etc— also novelty able for shirt waists— quality— also a few plain i
pffi and" Scotch plaid 24-inch satin stripe Roman colored Taffetas, mostly]
Taffetas very neat and effects, extra heavy qual- reds and greens-some of j
pretty for shirt waists- ity, suitable for under- the prettiest and most }
thTorurinal prices were skirts— the original pnces desirable medium- priced J
75c 85c and $1. were $1, $1.10,51.25,51.45. silks in the store. }
'—~:~ I : " *
Men's Overcoats, &11.&0.
This week we offer great values in Men's Over-
coats at $11.95, made by best makers, in all styles,
in all shapes, half box, full box top coats and me-
dium and long cut coats, made in the latest fashion
from all-wool Kerseys, in black, blue or brown, Tan
Coverts in half a dozen shades, Thibets, etc, some
silk lined. Come prepared to see a thoroughly good
and handsome garment at this price and we will not
disappoint you.
Continuation of the Sale
of Children's Suits
at $3.45.
Your choice of a large lot of handsome new
Vestee Suits, this season's make, bought from
Schloss & Pratel at great reductions from regular
prices, sizes for boys 3 to 10 years old, 35 different
styles to choose from and all nsw, reg- (j^O yf_K
ular $4, $5 and $6 values, for CJJvJ«T"vJ
Boys' Reefers at $4.45.
They are worth $6, double-breasted Meltons, large
handsome buttons, deep sailor collars, inlaid with
velvet, two colors, brown or Oxford, this is the only
store that has them, sizes for boys 3 CIA yflft
to 8 years 01d..... M>*T»T" *■*
Boys' All-wool Knee Pants at 50c, 75c and $1.
Union
/^*%Yr\ Suits,
%\yj ]. 5t.25.
J zJll / Ladies' Je r sey
i y^ f ribbed mixed
/\ f. W; lambs' wool Union
II '• 7;\ Suits, the button-
/ V \\ ■' I ed-down -in - front
f A h I-^ style, perfect fit-
l (1( 1 «• 7 <^ . ting, finished neat-
V\i ;t; t Nj|s§ ly. around neck and
Ul^l t I^l front, non-shrink-
|[/m ing colors, natural
I™ * and white * 4 jr
$1.25
Groceries— Liquors—
Specials— 3 Days.
Very special prices for three
days on holiday goods. Direct
Grocery Telephone — South 59.
New Black Figs, special for three _
days — per pound •••
Choice Gleaned Currants, bulk, regularly
12c lb— special Monday, , Tuesday and q
Wednesday ••••• ~^
Lemon and Orange Peel, first-class
quality — Monday, Tuesday and -
Wednesday, per lb— ■--• *>C
• Large | Prunes, 20-30 ;to ' the lb, .^
regularly 20c lb, for three days >^C
.: A. Frere's Mushrooms, Hb tins — -y~
special for three days at.. ..i........ ZUC
Petit Pois Rilhac, 1-lb tins, spe- ~~
cial for three day5.... ...... i — — <^C
Home - made Plum Pudding, excellent,
will please 'everybody, regularly 40c ~~
lb, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday 33C
Good Table Claret— three days, i gal-
lon ..............................25c
Pabst Malt Extract, the best tonic— Mon-
day, Tuesday and Wednesday, dozen. s«. 4o
Old Crow Bourbon, 1890, regularly $5 gal-
lon—for three days N ........1f3JJU
Full : quart - demijohns Bourbon Whisky,
for two days at 63c
THE EMPORIUM.
Men's Underwear* i
The Underwear stock now at Its best —
3tockrooms overcrowded with the largest 1
reserve that we have ever carried. To
reduce these lines to the usual quantity, <
we are offering unequaled values.
Men's San!- /£p\ «
tary Under' W »j %
wear— Natural JL J "
Lambs' Wool Shirts J^ TJX
and Drawers, heavy / \ jj JJ
Fall and Winter /j\ a <
weight, shrink but (,£^A« "."«
little and wash soft I «i
and smooth, made f~*\ 1j 1 '
with covered seams \\J \\ "
and extra stayed / W JJ
crotch, per ,*, fnn / It ,
garment *J>KUU /V 1 ,
Men's Derby \ -jp *
Ribbed Un- It [— -
derwear, Heavy I I II "c* '
Fleece- lined Shirts _f| il '
and Drawers, form j Os» <
fitting, covered yj ,
seams, three colors, fy ,
ecru, vicuna and natural gray, per _q ,
garment 3 '
Men's Genuine Wool Fleece- ,
lined Shirts and Drawers, for winter «
wear, splendidly finished, comfort- -_ <
able in fit, per garment.... '3C J
Men's Union Suits— The cele- «
brated Oneita make, as well as the Stutt- J
garter. These garments are coming into '
general use very rapidly, their advantage ,
over the two-piece suits being so * . _ -. ,
apparent. Prices upward from... 4> **3U -
Stamped Linens
For Holiday Work*
Doilies, Center Pieces, etc., ; excellent
quality, damask linen, silk-worked eyelets,
stamped for cut-glass work —
9x9 inches.... l7c 18x18 inches 50c
12x12 inches... 3sc 24x24 inches 75c
Snowdrop Damask Linen stamped for
cut-glass work —
5x8....9c 14x14.... 17c 27x27.... 65c
Birdseye Damask, linen fringed and
fringe silk stitched — floral designs —
9x9. ...17c 12x12. ...22c 24x24.... 50c
Fine, round thread linen, stamped in
floral and conventional designs, with lace
furnished for insertion.
'x 7 10c 12x12.... 25c 24x24 75c
9x9.... 15c 15x18....50c
* *Cb cdi *t mm
.
New Neckwear.
—— -jn. Men 3 neckwear
collence of our
popular lines at 50c and __
25c
Wall Paper.
Styles were never so charmin g—Emporiumg — Em-
porium assortments are complete — no de-
sirable style missing, and at our prices
there i 3 no excuse for having shabby
! looking rooms.
New styles in Glimmers and Gilts, ,
! per roll OC
Gilt combinations of unusual - x
• merit, per roll ' I^>
Heavy Embossed Gilts, per roll, ~--
j 10c to - c
Lincruster 15c per yard and upward,
j according to quality.
A full line of popular colorings in In-
grains with matched friezes and ceilings.
We carry a complete line of Prepared
! House Paints, Decorative Enamel and
; Floor Paints— the best and most lasting
i grade in the market.
; Get ou lo'J> pi ices on IVuiivx Shades.
Wall Paper Department—
i I Second Floor, Near Elevator.
56
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 20.* 989*
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. JJ^sl^.M^!s§2li^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sl», S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE CAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tb's city and surrounding towns
for 15 cenjts a week,- By mall $6 per year; per month
6b" cents. _^_____
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE.... 906 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 138. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative,
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Klftft« Houae
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9-.30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
•'clock.. 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
>. M\j -, :- i»i t- -N is.
California— "Northern Lights."
Columbia— Kellar. the Magician.
Baldwin— "Secret Service," Monday evening.
Alcazar— "A Fool of Fortune."
Morocco*—" A Midnight Trust."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "Suzette."
Comedy— "Under the Dome."
The Chutes — Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia — Corner Mason and Eduy Streets, Specialties.
Sutro's Baths — Swimming.
Ingleslda Coureing Park— Coursing.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
Ingieside Track— to-morrow.
Sherman, (.'lay Hail— Piano Recital. Tuesday evening, No-
vember 22.
Rosenthal — Coming in .December.
AUCTION SALES.
By KillJp & Co.— Monday Eveni: . November 21, at 7:30
o'clock, Horses, at corner Van Ness avenue and Market street.
By Sullivan 4 Monday. November 21, at 11 o'clock.
Livery Stable, at 1123 Mission street.
CONSTITUTIONAL INCIVISM.
ONE of the most interesting features of the late
election in this city was the extreme indiffer
ence with which the people seamed to regard
the constitutional amendments. Seven of these prop
ositions uft-e placed before them for ratification or
rejection, besides an interrogation as to whether or
not it is advisable to call a convention for the re
vision of the constitution. All the questions were of
transcendent importance and were entitled to the full
est consideration. Vet the vote c.i-t upon each and
every one m' them was very little more than half that
cast for Governor.
About 53.600 citizens voted for Governor and I
50.000 for Railroad Commissioner. The vote on con
stitutional amendment No. 1 was 29,000; on No. 2,
26.400; on No. 4. 24,000; on No. 6, 14,000; on No.
7. 26.000, and on the question of revising the consti- j
titution 19.900. There is no apparent reason for the j
disparity in interest here displayed. Amendment No.
6. on which 14.000 votes were polled, defines grammar
schools, while No. 1. on which 29,000 were recorded,
exempts certain indebtedness in this city and Vallejo
from the provisions of the constitution with reference
to income and revenue. To the casual observer it ■'
would seem that the former should have aroused tnore
interest than the latter. The returns, however, mdi- |
cnte that the reverse was the case.
Nor is there any apparent reason for the circum
stance that 3000 citizens who voted for Governor
did not vote for Railroad Commissioner, unless it is
found in the fact that the latter office is useless and
should be abolished. Sorru one has remarked that
candidates on the tail ends of Australian ballots re
semble the superfluous letters of English words, which
Home Tooke observed were like soldiers — in the
long marches of time many of them are left behind.
It seems that a candidate on a long ballot suffers
just in proportion to the distance he is away from the
top. Constitutional amendments being last are gen
erally left — one half the voters paying no attention
to them.
One fault of the present system of submitting con
stitutional amendments, it may be noted, consists in
subordinating them to the claims of the office
seekers. Their importance demands that they be
placed at the head of the ballot, that fuller explana
tions of them be attached, and that the newspapers
should more thoroughly discuss them. It is evident
that thousands refrain from voting on the various
propositions mainly because they do not understand
them.
It is a strange circumstance that a State exhibiting
so many evidences of civilization as Tennessee should
tolerate the presence of the banded murderers known
as whitecaps. These prowling thugs have just com
mitted another characteristic crime, the victim being
an inoffensive negro. There were twenty-three in the
lot. and there ought to be twenty-three limbs in the
vicinity, each decorated with a reformed whitecap.
Suicide committed by a girl of 16 is extraordinary
enough to excite inquiry. The case occurred in
Berkeley. It appears that the girl had a habit of
reading flashy literature. Just what the term ''flashy
literature" implies is not certain. If it meats yellow
journalism there is nothing surprising in the effort of
the girl to get away from it.
Italy is said to be considering the feasibility of in
terfering between Spain and the United States. So
long as she does not get beyond the mere stage of
considering there will be no harm done. There
won't be much if she gets beyond this point, but all
of it will fall upon her.
Grant's father-in-law was a Senator from Colo
rado, but in those wicked days Senatorships were
purchased. Of course things are so different now
that Grant is out o£ the competition.
Health among the troops at Manila seems to be bet
ter than it was, but the prospect of going against the
insurgents is considerably better, too.
An announcement that the three boys railroaded to
the penitentiary had been pardoned out and sent
home would be cheerfully received.
We may yet learn from tbe yellow press that the
Ct.ban campaign was so baaly conducted that we got
licked.
Having killed an American soldier, the Filipinos
have no reason to regard the incident as closed.
The best game bagged since the opening of the
hunting season was the Santa Fe train-robber.
Admiral Dewty seems to be equally at home in the
sinking and the raisins of a Spanish ship.
A A
(\ THANKSGIVING SPIRIT.
NO better use can be made oi the leisure of this
clay .of rest than that of cultivating a proper
spirit for the enjoyment of Thanksgiving week.
! The occasion is one which justifies a more than or
| dinary outburst of national rejoicing. It is also one
' which will celebrate an unusual degree of individual
I prosperity. It should be made, therefore, a Thanks-
I giving season of so notable • a nature as to remain
memorable in the lives of all.
The moods and tempers of a people are very
: largely affected by the character of the chief execu
i tive who presides over their affairs. When Cleveland
was President we were all of us more or less aggres
sive in politics. Partisanship was extreme and fac
tional divisions were deeply drawn. A different mood
prevails now. With McKinley there has come in an
! era of good feeling. The sympathetic, broadly tol
erant and kindly nature of the President has had its
effect upon the whole people. We are, therefore,
freer from irritating disagreements among ourselves
1 than we have been for some years past, and that in
| itself is a matter for no little rejoicing.
Moreover, for a long series of years there has been
i a considerable tendency among the American people
; toward discontent with everything from crops to
| politics. As results of that tendency there arose
; among us a numerous class of agitators who from
| the tone of their declamations became known as
j calamity howlers. In all parts of the Union there
| was something like a widespread public sentiment
more or less in harmony with these howlers. We
seemed in danger of becoming a nation of malcon
tents, kickers and complainers. In that temper our
Thanksgivings were largely perfunctory ceremonies,
and we were but scantly grateful even when the turkey
was most savory and the pumpkin pie most delicious.
A different temper prevails this year. We have be
come so cheerful and so hopeful a people that the
voice of the calamity howler has ceased to be heard
among us. The factions of discontent have vanished
I from the haunts of business and of social life, anc
| even in politics they made but a small showing at tht
I elections. Pessimism has given way to optimism.
| The people have recovered their natural buoyancy and
{ once more look with unjaundiced eyes upon the
j bright and brightening prospects of their families,
their communities and their country.
In addition to these changes in the mood of the
people there have been equally notable changes in the
I environment of the nation to make an exceptionally
i glad Thanksgiving. We have fought a war for the
cr.use of liberty and humanity which has brought vic
tory to our flag and added dominion to our territory.
I It has increased our prestige among the nations of
the earth and adorned the annals of history with other
' illustrations of the heroism of our soldiers and sailors.
When to thoughts of these things consideration is
given to the abounding prosperity of the year for
almost all the industries of the people, when the
superb financial condition of the nation is recalled.
when its high influence among the powers of the
earth is regarded, it will be perceived that Thanks
giving week this year ought to be made more univer
sally and more deeply felt than ever. It has been for
us a prosperous, proud and glorious year, and our
rejoicing should be in a corresponding measure.
A PERSONALLY CONDUCTED NAVY.
THE world has been cheered by the announce
ment that the "Examiner's big navy is in sight."
As the Examiner itself was the medium for
conveying this intelligence, there can be no doubt
as to the authenticity of it. Therefore let us rejoice
and be glad.
But conjectures arise as to dire possibilities; a
foreboding of ill projects itself into the situation even
as a fly into the ointment. Is the Examiner fitted for
directing the movements of a great navy? Would it
not be apt to force the people of every land, at the
muzzle of 13-inch guns, to subscribe for its puzzle
pictures? We would regret to see a comparatively
well satisfied universe thus enshrouded in gloom.
Nor would it be fair to employ a navy to carry Ex
aminers out to sea and there dump them, saving the
cost of their incineration at the garbage crematory,
for incineration is a worthy home industry.
However, there is no utility in being pessimistic.
Perhaps the Examiner intends in time of need to
permit the Government to employ its navy, subject
of course to the direction of the author and editor of
the battleship, the monitor and the cruiser. Such a
navy would be as impressive as though owned by
Uncle Sam, while at the same time he would be re
lieved of a load of responsibility.
We felicitate our contemporary not only as to its
enterprise in creating a naval power, but in the mod-
esty of its announcement. It may be true that others
have spoken of the necessity of having a few boats
handy, but clearly they got their inspiration at the
fount where the only genuine inspiration is on tap.
They had heard the noise of the Examiner and the
shouting. It is hardly fair that now a Secretary of
the Navy, a mere hireling, should assert interest in a
scheme which only concerns him indirectly; that
naval boards should make recommendation. The
Examiner has not asked for any assistance, and this
governmental interference must be annoying. Let
Long keep in the background and take his orders the
same as other members of the staff.
An Arizona man killed two Mexicans, explaining
that he did so because they had stolen two burros
from him, and that he considered the animals of
greater value than the thieves. Yet the court sent
him to prison for life! Probably the court had never
had any burros stolen.
Reports are current that ex-President Harrison has
received a $100,000 retainer. It is only to be regretted
for him that a lawyer's fee and the salary of an actor
have in common the trait of being about 50 per cent
imagination.
A French paper predicts that within a decade the
United States will demand Canada from England.
The startling feature of the announcement is that it
indicates the dotage of another Parisian editor.
An evening paper remarks that the costly foolish
ness of ocean racing should be discouraged. Per
haps the wreck of the Atalanta may be fairly regarded
as having a tendency in this direction.
It is not clear why anybody should go to the
j trouble to attempt the murder of ex-King Milan. He
'■ really isn't worth the powder- to blow him to any
place.
•
John Brisben Walker of New York says : that
; Croker is not worthy of trust. Doubtless Croker \&
ready to affirm as much concerning Mr. Walker.
Mrs. Craven's demand for $5000 a month from the
Fair estate will be recognized as particularly modest:
The estate yields considerable more than this sum.
« f
Doubtless Supervisor Delany is ready to bet, that
j his expressions of horror at the sin of gambling are
j sincep*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
THE COLONIES fIND OUR MARKETS.
THE Home Market Club of Boston has tackled
the expansion question and lines up against the
policy unless it can be so carried out as to pre
vent extension of our revenue laws to those new pos
sessions. The list of reasons for this brings the club
around to the same statement as that made by The
Call against taking tropical colonies at all.
If we take them and extend our protective system
to them, they stand on exact equality iv that respect
with our own people. The commerce of the Philip
pines is in the hands of Chinese merchants. They
will rise to an equality with our own. Tropical labor
is very cheap. It has always been cheap and will al
ways be. White men cannot perform it. No races
except those now there can labor there. Their scale
of living is iow, as has always been the case in the
tropics. It is low because their wants are few, and
these are incapable of increase. If we admit -the
products of this cheap labor, sugar, tobacco and rice,
we admit a competition against which American la
bor cannot stand. The beet sugar of California and
the cane sugar of Louisiana must be obsoleted. The
rice fields of Carolina, Georgia, the Louisiana low
lands and Eastern Texas must return to swamp. The
tobacco fields of North Carolina and Virginia must
go back to scrub pine, and those of the Housatonic
Valley in Connecticut and around the dalles of the
Wisconsin River must be abandoned.
American agriculture must undergo the agony and
bloody sweat of destruction of three of its important
objects of profit without any compensating extension
of a market for what crops it has left. The tropics,
especially the Philippines, don't want wheat. Their
cereal food is rice. They are not large customers for
pork products. It is unsuited to their climate.
If we are to expand and carry our protective system
along we must pay the cost in the destruction of these
industries at home. As our boundaries expand our
home opportunities will contract. We have given all
these reasons against the imperial policy, and the
Home Market Club agrees with us.
But at the same time that club bows to Mammon
by proposing that we may expand and at the same
time keep our protective system for ourselves, by
sitting up the same tariff against our own colonies
that we oppose to the rest of the world.
The club then proposes to justify expansion by the
good we will do in elevating, educating and energiz
ing those tropical people under the aegis of American
liberty.
But it is the first letter in our protective creed that
a protective tariff is necessary to the elevation of la
bor by assuring to it good wages. Are we going on
a mission of industrial elevation to the tropics, leav
ing the gospel of the cause behind us?
The Home Market Club is composed of the
apostles of protection. They insist that without it
American labor would be as abject as that of Asia.
Yet they propose to lift up tropical labor by a display
of the flag and a lecture on the constitution.
It is better to be logical and fight expansion per se.
We want no such hash and mincemeat government
as Senator Morgan proposes and the Home Market
Club suggests. The flag must stand for absolute
equality wherever it floats, and therefore it should
not float over people who by natural law cannot re
ceive or appreciate our birthright of equality.
rOLLOWING the elections of 1896 a good deal
of attention was given to reports from various
cities where experiments had been made with
balloting machines. As a rule these reports were
favorable, and some sanguine advocates of the sys
tem predicted that such machines would soon be in
use in all progressive parts of the Union.
This year, however, there has been comparatively
little attention given to the subject. It would appear
that most of the communities that made the experi
nient in 1896 returned to the old way of voting in the
recent election, or else that the subject is no longer
regarded as sufficiently interesting to justify discus
sions concerning the results.
From the city of Rochester, N. V., however,
there come glowing reports of the success resulting
from the use of a balloting machine at the polling
places there. Commenting upon the working of the
apparatus the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle
says: "The result of the election in Rochester was
flashed over the wires last night long before the
ballots were counted in other cities, and the figures
were doubtless accepted as a fair indication of the
trend in other localities. That in itself was a fine ad-
vertisement for the machine, and it is a fair assump
tion that it will be in general use before the end of
another year. Voting by machinery is unquestionably
a vast improvement upon any of the- methods here
tofore employed, and, aside from the celerity and
accuracy with which the vote is registered, must com
mend itself to every citizen."
This report will encourage the advocates of the
machine method of voting, but with the general pub
lic the absence of reports from other localities that
tried the machines two years ago will be regarded as
significant of some overpowering difficulty in the way
of their use. If the machines had been as satisfactory
as was at first reported in 1896 it is not likely they
would have been abandoned this year.
There can be no question that our present system
of voting is cumbersome and easily exposed to the
operation of fraud. A machine that would automatic
ally record and count votes would be a great advan
tage, if it could be made to work accurately and safely.
Nor is it to be doubted that American mechanical skill
will eventually construct such a machine. The only
question is whether any machine now in existence
is able to meet all the requirements of the use to
which it is to be put.
It is worth noting that the Rochester machine is an
improvement on the one tested in that city two years
ago. It is claimed that the results of the first trial
were fairly good, and that those of this year have been
perfectly satisfactory. On the showing made it might
be worth while to have the machine investigated with
a view to its possible use in -California. A system oi
voting that will hasten the count of the result and at
the same time put an end to any possibility of tam
pering with the returns would certainly be a valuable
addition to our labor-saving machinery.
None of the gentlemen who are piling up testimony
designed to injure Shatter will go so far as to claim
that the Cuban campaign did not culminate in bril
liant victory. And, after all, a general will be judged
by results.
Without the slightest desire to asperse the motives
any gentleman, it may be remarked that certain
members of the Board of Education are not in office
for their health.
One reason for celebrating Thanksgiving this year
will be that by the arrival of the day the Corbett-
Sharkey conversation will have subsided.
Aguinaldo will either cease hanging his banner on
the outer wall, or be deprived of the joy of having a
banner.
BALLOTING MACHINES.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
A Visalia writer, whose fame It has
been my pleasure to spread abroad,
expresses sorrow that this department
should have been expelled from the
editorial page and placed in "an ob
scure corner." While sympathy is
sweet, and a scant share of it comes
my way, I must remark that the
gentleman is mistaken. The Call has
many things, but it has no obscure
corners.
• •
A man named Erickson has expended
3100 in a vain effort to collect from a
needy cripple a debt of $7. I hope
Erickson will not be discouraged.
About the only good a man of his
stamp can do in a community is
through keeping his money in circula
tion.
♦ * •
Three times has Dawson City suf
fered seriously from fire caused by the
mania of a quick-tempered woman for
throwing lighted lamps. Her feminine
instinct recognizes the value of a mis
sile which is certain to do damage
whether or not it reaches the thing at
which it is thrown. However, if with
out appearing to be lacking in defer
ence, a policeman or some brave citizen
could induce* the lady to hurl the com
paratively innocuous and non-explosive
brickbat when she desires to express
disapprobation, Dawson property would
be regarded as a better insurance risk.
Christian Science is severely scored
every time anybody has the misfortune
to die under its tender ministrations.
It does not seem to me that this is fair,
since people do die with learned doctors
holding consultations at the bedside.
They die with their systems so full of
drugs as to practically be embalmed in
advance. They die while the surgeon
is wiping the ready knife with which
he has been carving their mortal parts.
In fact, people have a habit of dying,
and whether they reach the end un
aided, or boosted along by potions or
prayer, really matters little. I do not
wish to be understood as indorsing
Christian Science, nor as condemning
it. True, according to my present
light, it seems to me the most palpable
nonsense. People who recover after
submitting to it I believe have simply
permitted nature to take a course un
hampered, to have benefited by the ex
ercise of their own wills, or to have
imagined their ills in the first place.
But if such persons die, they at least
have the satisfaction of departing in
peace, and there is no assurance that
they would have lived longer had their
hours of sickness been made miserable
by dosing.
• • •
A rabbi of this city has been dis
cussin^ the intermarriage of Jew and
Gentile and expresses disapproval of
such unions. While the matter is per
haps a delicate one, among people of
sense, it may be considered without of
fense. The rabbis of this city are
scholarly and erudite. In the world of
intellect they have high standing.
Many of them are broad men. They
are active in the shaping of affairs and
their counsel is sought. The Jews are
prominent in local business circles, they
are given office, in time of war they
enlist. Many are teachers in the public
schools. In fact, save for a clannish
ness instituted ai.l preserved by them
selves, they are as other American citi
zens. The objection urged against in
termarriage is in effect that it will im
pair the integrity of this clannishness.
True, but why should not the racial dis
tinction disappear? Of what value is
it? What has it profited the race? I
ask in respect' il ignorance. To me it
appears that the dividing line has been
a mistake and a detriment. There are
countries in \.hich the Jew does not
have the freedom here given without
question. In Russia he is treated worse
than a serf. In France, boasting of its
advanced civilization, which is, by the
way, a state of social rottenness, the
Jew is baited and badgered. Because
of the blood in his veins Dreyfus is an
exile, chained, disgraced, the cruelty
of his treatment a reproach to the
world. Since the Jew has no country
of his own there follows the privilege
of becoming a citizen of, for instance,
such a country as the United States.
The Scandinavian comes here and his
-randchildren only realize from study
of geography that the northern penin
sula exists. So wifth the German, the
Swiss, with representatives of other
nations. These do not remain in classes
nor seek to do so, and yet they speak
different languages for a time, have
diverse customs, for a generation. At
the last they are amalgamated. The
Jews, even tin ugh born here, refuse
to amalgamate, have always done so
and perhaps always will. To this char
acteristic may be ascribed the treat
ment to which they have been sub
jected abroad, and it keeps alive here
a division for which, as one having no
prejudice, I fail to perceive excuse. In
the fullness of time the elements
brought by immigration must coalesce*,
ultimately, to be described as Ameri
cans. Why should one- element, com
paratively few in number, its interests
common with the interests of all the
others, be among us, daily associates,
friends, and still refuse to be of us? It
might be thought that the circumstance
of being welcome, held equal before the
law, unharassed, would lead to a de
sire for complete assimilation by the
nation, almost the only one, which has
treated this element in accordance with
justice and right.
* *
Dr. Clifford is quoted in an Oakland
prohibition paper as saying that no
man has a right to go into the liquor
business so long as he can make an
honest living by stealing. I have no
sympathy with the liquor business nor
the pleasure of Dr. Gifford's acquaint
ance, but I wonder why he cannot talk
sense.
♦ * •
There was an old cry, "The Chinese
must go." It fell into disrepute be
cause of the character of those bold
enough to give it utterance. I would
not repeat it save in the modified form,
"The Chinese ought to go." Residents
of the East do not realize the menace
constituted by the presence of these
people. I do not refer to the economical
side of the question, the fact that they
drive white men to idleness and that
the fruits of their labors go to their na
tive land. The exclamatory allegation
can be sustained on moral grounds. To
judge the Chinese race by the riff-raff
here would clearly be wrong. But what
the Chinese race may be matters noth
ing to us who have to deal with its off
scourings, its criminals and thugs. Chi
natown, picturesque, made almost fas
cinating by its oddities, is a sore. In
its secret recesses are the germs of
By HENRY JAMES
death. In its dens contamination lurKS.
There cannot be a sharp dividing line.
The malign influence of Chinatown
passes any imaginary bound which
may be fixed. Its brothels do not tempt
alone the people of that race, but the
poison of them spreads. A fight among
the tongs, so long as the hatchet men
shoot straight, is not lamentable. Let
them kill each other as freely as they
like. The real calamity is that they
form a source of corruption and dis
ease. The presence of the Chinese has
been productive of no good, but of
much ill. Even the convert, so called,
is an arrant fraud, and if there is any
Chinese above another undeserving of
confidence it is the one who pretends
to have become a Christian, for he
never reaches a stage beyond that of
making love to his Sunday school
teacher, and when a fantan game is
raided, there he is, proclaiming himself
a regenerated and saved specimen of
the race. The Chinese defy the police,
the courts, the laws of decency. The
better ones among them are murdered,
and all the rest will swear to an alibi.
It is notorious that the oath of a Chi
nese is worthless, and yet it must be
accepted in court. There is no way to
control the Chinese. They are as far
beyond the reach of statute as is the
sewer rat. They cannot become a part
of civilization. They do not wish to do
so. Civilization, having respect for it
self, does not wish them to do so. They
constitute a problem beyond solution.
They ought to go.
* •
The presence of the father of young
Rosser is a pathetic incident. Rosser
will be remembered as the Tennessee
soldier who, while maddened by liquor,
killed a worthy and inoffensive man.
The father is here merely to comfort
the boy during the trial. The murder
was wholly unprovoked. There was an
absence of malice. Rosser might have
killed any other citizen as well as the
one whom his irrational passion select
ed as a victim. It seems to me such
cases as his are the most difficult with
which the law has to deal. For the de
liberate assassin I have no sympathy,
and would shorten his path to the gal
lows. But here is a boy who under the
stimulus of whisky committed a deed
which, whatever the outcome, must
forever darken his life. He is to be
pitied. So is to be pitied the widow of
the man he slew. But can the severity
of the courts in any measure lessen the
burden of her sorrow?
A lady whose intentions evidently are
amicable sends a letter to be delivered
to the "contributor who signs his or
her name Henry James." Naturally
the letter reached me. As to the ques
tion of sex, there is no public concern,
yet since the subject has been brought
up I will say that as a husband and
father I have strongly suspected myself
of being masculine.
There is an institution known as the
Sabbatarian League. Its members
think it is for a good purpose, but it is
not. They think the-" are doing some
thing to -make the world better, but
they are not. It is their idea that on
a certain day of the week the human
race has no right to do anything but
listen to a salaried gentleman expound
a text of scripture concerning which
he has nothing new to say, and
wouldn't dare say it if he had; but it
has. Of all the cranks I ever met per
sonally or through the mails, the acute
Sabbatarian is the most distressing and
offensive. He has the spirit of a snail,
the intelligence of a fossil toad. Re
cently there has been a series of Sun
day concerts begun in Boston for the
benefit of poor people to whom no other
time offers available leisure. Uprises
the Sabbatarian and threatens to su&
out an injunction. New England was
marked by a similar tone years ago,
when it reverently burned the witch,
or, with solemn eyes turned to an ap
proving heaven, bored the tongue of a
Quaker. Let this particularly pestifer
ous form of crank attend to the busi
ness of saving his own soul, if he think
it worth the trouble, and not interfere
with those whom a benign providence
has blessed with better sense and a
broader humanity.
• *
Miser Berberich has died. To give
him credit for this good act would be
pleasing, but there is reason to believe
that he could have died long ago if he
had really wanted to.
Compliments to George A. Alexander, j
and can the young man present any
reason why he should not be despised
of all who love decency in one sex and
purity in the other? I do not know
Alexander nor wish to but I know his
kind. They cumber the earth with
their unclean presence. The man who
will take advantage of the love and
confidence of a girl and then desert her
in her trouble constitutes as low a type
as is to be found among moral de
generates. When he tries then to
blacken a character that had been con
taminated only b-" contact with his
own, he reaches a degraded depth to
which no words at my command can
follow him. Miss Durie Heithier, be
trayed, miserable, despairing, attempt
ed to kill herself. At this writing the
success of her effort Is in doubt. Had
the man who worked her ruin had in
him the first instinct of nobility he
would at least have shielded her with
his name. He had declared his affec
tion, won her heart, conquered her
scrupies and cast her off. For crimes of
this sort transgressors do not pay a
sufficient penalty. If I can add aught
to that to be meted out to Alexander it
is cheerfully contributed. I regard him
as worse than a murderer, for the
victim of an assassin may die unblem
ished. Yet this butcher of a reputation
and slayer of a soul dares insinuate
that he was led into such error as he
may be guilty of by the very one to
whom his presence was dishonor, possi
bly death. There is no excuse for him,
and the more he tries to squirm out of
the mire of disgrace into which he has
fallen the deeper he sinks, the more
abominable and unforgivable becomes
his offending; By his own words is he
condemned He deserves ever to be
haunted by a pallid face and to have
ringing in his ears the wail of his prey.
As a rule the suicide is a coward. An
exception can be made in favor of the
young woman whose life has been
blighted as was the life of Miss
Heithier. According to the narrow and
unreasoning prejudice which governs
the human misunderstanding the
woman who err^ is damned, while the
naan who made her to err get 9 the
reputation of having innocently sowed
wild oats. The harvest of sorrow is
all hers. I wish to enter a protest and
to declare as a man that men are
wronged when it is thought of them
that they would screen so base and
heartless a cue, as Alexander has proved
himself to be. "The girl would have
been justifiable in shooting him. I am
sorry that she did not do so. She was
foolish, romantic, trustful. He pre
sumed upon her youth to abuse the
trust. If there is nut a sense of chiv
alry sufficient to protect the fatherless
maid, decency should veil its face for
shame. Alexander does not deserve to
escape punishment, but in all prob
ability he will. There is no big brother
to wreak vengeance, and he seems to
have no conscience to annoy. But at
least in reflecting as to what people
think of his villainy he may be induced
to sneak into oblivion and cease to dis
turb the senses. And the others like
him scoundrels, parasites, gross in
triguers, defiling the social fabric, may
discern a lesson in the manner in which
the achievements of Alexander have
been received. Once the hero of an
escapade, he finds himself abhorred as
a branded seducer and poltroon.
The following has been anonymously
submitted. I take it to be in the nature
of a warning to Actor Hastings, who
is said to be in receipt of tender mis
sives supposed to come from an un
known Pauline. Evidently the man
who wrote it knew what he was writ
ing- about better than he knew how to
write. However, his purpose seems to
be lofty, and the lines are presented
for what they are worth:
There was a worthy journalist, a man of
familee,
As staid and sooer Benedick as one could
■wish to see;
Upon a giddy woman he was never Known
to smile,
While to avoid a chance to flirt he d
sprint an up-hill mile.
This staid and sober journalist received a
note one day
Wherein "Pauline" did vaunt herself as
one so blithe and gay
That if he only would consent to bear her
companee
They'd go them forth around the town to
see what they could see.
She wanted for to view the Clitf and hear
the wet seals bark,
To take a quiet lunch somewhere and
stay out after dark.
"And lest," she said, "you doubt my
word- my picture I inclose
"So you can know that I'm about the
smoothest thing that goes."
The journalist he thought awhile, then
wrote all curt and mean
Three little words and posted them. These
were, "Nay, nay, Pauline."
But still he wondered who she was and
hired him a sleuth
To slyly nose and ascertain at any cost
the truth.
"For," reasoned he, "this foolish girl
needs some good man's advice;
I'll have to tell her writing notes to
strangers Isn't nice."
"I've found Pauline," the sleuth an
nounced in making his report,
"And if my judgment isn't cracked, your
Paulle is a sport.
He's up on Market street just now a
leanin' 'gin a bar
A-shoutin' out for cocktails and a-smokin"
a cigar.
The picter that he sent you was a measly
fake, of course
And looks less like the fellow than the
fellow like a horse."
Then up arose the journalist and hied
him to the place
Where "Pauline" stood a-throwin' sun
dry cocktails in his face. • • *
The poem ends abruptly and leaves
the reader in doubt as to what hap
pened next. I hope that Pauline got a
little grace thumped into his system,
but doubt it, for there are indications
that he is up to his old tricks.
• • *
Rich men who come here from Cen
tral America develop speedily Into
"good things." They are certain to
have swarming about them a lot of
• *
sycophants paying compliments, but
never paying any bar bills, of which
there is invariably a notable lot. The
coffee planters and sugar potentates of
the South make much money, and
luckily for them. If they did not they
would return home in the steerage.
HIS POINT OF RECKONING.
The dear coming man
"Who, in eighteen years more.
Will add to our national vote.
Was walking one day.
As a toddler can,
The long garden path, to explore and t»
With both pocketed hands In bis coat.
I met him apace.
And he stopped as I said,
From above the tall top of my rake,
"How old are you, pray?"
Aglow with new grace.
He* lifted his curl-covered head to my
face,
And said, "Three, on my last birthday
cake."
ALICE CHART, in "What to Eat"
Cal. glace fruii 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Important— 4th St.; best eyeglasses,
sites, 15c to 40c; look out for No. 81, mv
grocery. :?•• \*Xi
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Lightning recently brought about tfca
discovery of an Etruscan tomb near YoN
terra. It struck an old pine tree on a
hillock, and in cutting down the remnants
of the tree the workmen found the top of
the sepulcher under the roots.
Commercial lunch, 11 to 3. Among the Bar
rels. S6S Market at.
Inferior and adulterated drugs hays
been introduced into Japan in such large
quantities that a law had to be enacted to
the effect that all drugs landed in Japan
must be inspected at the Government lab
oratories before being offered for sale.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
A
> ii
The man who allows hinv
self to be carried away by
his own weakness may be a
very amiable person—but
he is just the sort of man
who will find the greatest
possible help in i '
THE KEELEY
TREATMENT.
Thousands of "good fellows"
can testify to that.
Seed for printed matter that tells
all about It
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, "
1170 Market Street. San Francisco,
Donohoe Building.
Lankershim Building. Third and
',*■•*•= Spring SUr, Los Angeles. v
Fred A, Pollock, Manage*. .IN AID OF THE SUFFERING
AMONG the charitable institutions of the city which in a quiet way
have been doing effective work is the Saturday and Sunday Hospital
Association. This was started in 1897 for the benefit of the California
Women's Hospital, Children^ Hospital, Mount Zion Hospital and the
King's Daughters' Home. Much has been accomplished, but just now
there is a pressing lack of funds, while demands are greater than ever.
Therefore the ladies propose Rivi:ier the public a chance to contribute, and
by the method employed direct attention to the fact that no mite is too
small to be welcome.
On November 21 Boxes will he placed at more than 300 prominent
points, and into these there :s expected to pour a harvest of clinking
<-"in. A similar system tried in New York resulted in offerings of over
$65,000 for the maintenance of free beds in that city.
When it is remembered that some of the hospitals nurtured by this
institution are devoted largely to the accommodation of patients wholly
dependent upon charity, the necessity for donations of money Is obvious.
Generous people have devoted a large amount to Red Cross work, but if
this be permitted to Interfere with permanent local charities there will be
great suffering as a result. The ladies feel that the good people of San
Francisco, as Thanksgiving approaches, will be glad to perform a simple
act which will bring |oy to the poor and relief to the stricken. They request
earnestly that the boxes shall not be overlooked but that each l>e made
heavy with the offerings, however humble, of those to whom misfortune
has not come.
The promoters of the association are women who have long taken
active interest in the amelioration of distress and have devoted to it time
and labor and money. When they make an appeal the public understands
there is necessity for it; and there is every likelihood that on this occasion
the response will be prompt and hearty. In perfect faith that success will
crown their latest effort, these women place the boxes where each shall be
a silent petition. People blessed in "basket and store" or able by hard
work to secure a decent living will protest with their gifts against the pos
sibility that any orphan shall be without shelter and the comforts which
only money can provide. Officers of the association include men as well
women whose names have become familiar largely through their con
wlth active charity work. The list is as follows:
President, W. E. Brown; vice-presidents— Mrs. "Willard B. Harrington,
Mrs. C. E. Butlr-r, .1. Brandenstein, Mrs. F. G. Clark; treasurer, P. N. Lilien
thal: secretary, Airs. E. K. Dimond. All these and many more unite in
asking people to be liberal, for the cause is good and the opportunity at
hanii.
GILT EDGES
WERE NEARLY
SHUT OUT
Score One Run to Save
a Whitewash.
SAN FRANCISCOS PLAY WELL
LOCKHEAD MADF THE ONLY
TALLY FOR SACRAMENTO.
Iberg, Brockhoff and Krug the
Star Performers for the Local
Team of Bail
Tossers.
By Joe Corbett.
The San Franciscos covered themselves
With glory and everything else attainable
yesterday afternoon by defeating the
mighty Gilt Edges by the score of 6 to 1.
The smallest crowd that ever attended a
g-ame this year, or. I might say, in the
history of league baseball in this State,
•was present, yet enjoyed one of the big
gest treats of the season. I dare say that
there was not one in the small crowd who \
thought the Friscos had even the sem
blance of a chance. I, myself, hardly paid
any attention to the contest for a few'
Innings, believing, despite the clever work
of Krug, Brockhoff and Iberg, that it
•would only be a matter of time before
the leaders would open up and simply
smother the poor, old, rejuvenated Fris
cos. Mv conclusions were terribly wrong,
as the score will vouch. The Friscos, for
some unaccountable reason, were invin
cible. I don't know what hidden power
spurred them on, but I do know that
they played the best kind of a game and
one that was well worth seeing. To a
stranger unfamiliar with the standing of
the two clubs the Friscos would have
been his choice without doubt. Possibly
the stupid , running of Murphy ana
Krug in the third Inning might have put
a damper on his selection at that particu-
a After this period there -was but one
team, and that one was the collection of
Messrs. Coffroth & Bunker. To Iberg.
Brockhoff and Krug is due the main por
tion of glory if it is to be distributed.
These three were whirlwinds at every
period of the contest, Brockhoff and Krug
playing the first four or live innings near-
Iv by themselves. Of course, the other
•members of the team din nobly with what
happened their way, but the three men
tioned received the brunt of the work and
are therefore entitled to the major share
of praise. Iberg outpitched Harvey, Hi?
npeed and control were surprising, and
the manner in which he outgeneraled the
heavy sluggers from Sacramento was a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
Ths State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
VTfn sanroles of a most remarkable
H^gksT t^m^taf a a d nr^ic^
tute haf decided to distribute free trial
Packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weaknr resulting
??Zr, vnuthful folly, premature loss of
itre^gth and memory, weak back, varlco-
cell or emaciation of parts can now cur.
lh T e nT rYmedV h h™a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess In all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great clas-
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear" of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ar«
requested to write without delay.
Use f*\ and
Facial Soap 6^ / Facial Cream.
Pug Noses, Hump, Flat, Broken, 111-Shaped
Noses made to harmonize with the other fea-
tures by Dermatologist JOHN H. WOODBURT,
327 W 42d St.. New York. 163 State St., Chicago.
Send for Illustrated book.
wwp^ffiP^sp^^j^^l SEE ff^^^W^jF^^^T^By^fr
E9l 115 ML ■ cl iV ffi'JJL] j □ Ifi C*j uEA R 13 ff%_R
treat. Up to the fourth inning not a hit
was made off him, and a chance to score
was out of the question. In the succeed
ing four innings as many hits were made,
but they came not in bunches but in ones,
and were therefore useless. In the sixth
the Gilt Edges managed to get men on
second and third, but Iberg was equal to
the occasion, for the batter who had such
an opportunity to tie the score, after three
swings seated himself beside "Retired
Spike " who wore the most cheerless look
I ever had the misfortune of seeing, and
there consoled him' with the thought that
there were others in the immediate vicin
1 ity. Eight innings had passed and not a
! run had crossed the plat for the famous
j Gilts. Would the Friscos really shut out
such a clever team? was the thought up
permost in the minds of all, including the
"sausage manufacturer." No, it was not
to be. Three hits with two men out and
! a man on third, a Mr. Sheehan came to
j bat, and with one mighty swipe sent a
i hit tearing through the pitcher's box. The
! run had scored, and that ended all inter-
I est in the game. The Gilt Edges played
I a most miserable game at bat and in the
i field. I do not believe ' they could have
j played worse had they tried, and Harvey,
I well, he was the easiest that has come to
town in many a day. However, the Gilts
are not protected against those "off
days," so we will forgive them this time
for past treats received. The score is as
follows:
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
'■ Smith, 2 b 3 2 2 0 2 10
Krug. s. s 4 1112 6 0
Murphy. 1 b 4 1 2 0 13 0 0
Hammond, c 4 1 2 1 7 0 0
Brockhoff, 3 b 110 115 0
Croll. I. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Dunleavy, c. i 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Goldswortby, r. t 3 0 0 0 0 10
) I berg, p 3 0 0 0 12 0
Totals 2S 6 8 3 27 15 0
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, lb 6 0 10 2 10
Peeples 3 b 4 0 10 2 3 1
Doyle, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Stanley, c 3 0 0 19 5 0
Lockhead, s. s 3 1113 13
Harvey, p 4 0 10 3 0 0
Dennie. 2 b 4 0 10 2 3 0
Borland, I. f 2 0 10 3 10
Sheehan, c. f 4 0 10 0 2.1
Totals 32 1 7 2 24 16 5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 I—l
Base hits 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 3—6
San Francisco 1 0 10 0 0 0 4 •— 6
Base hits 3 0 10 0 0 0 4 •—
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Harvey 3, Ir.erg 1.
| Two-base hits— Smith* Dunleavy, McHale.. '■
\ Sacrifice hit— Borland. Base on errors— San
Francisco '.. Sacramento 0. Bases on bails—
i Pan Francisco 4, Sacramento 2. Left on bases
: — San Francisco 4. Sacrament 5. Struck out —
By Harvey 7. by Iberg 5. Hit by pitcher—
BrockholT. Stanley. Doyle. Time of same- 1:45.
Umpire— McDonald. Official scorer— J. W
Stapleton.
To-day at Recreation Park the Sand
Crabs and Athletics will cross bats. Much
rivalry exists between these teams, and a
warm time may be expected. The line-up
is as follows:
Santa Cruz. Position. Athletics
Borchers Pitcher Y. Johnson
Daubenbis Catcher Lohman
Beddeyer First base Johnston
; Fitzgerald Second base Harl«y
Devereaux Third base McLaughtln
: Williams Shortstop Stultz
Strieb Left field McCarthy
Ponlln Center field Meaney
'. Burge Right field Hildebrand
RAPHAEL'S BIG DINNER.
A Thanksgiving Repast That Is Set
Before Uncle Sam and His Ga
laxy of Fighting Admirals.
Tt is a dinner of thanksgiving indeed
that the Raphaels have sperad in the
show windows of their big Kearny street
clothing house for the delectation of
T'ncle Sam and his popular hf-roes— Mc-
Kinley, Dewey, Schley and Sampson.
Round a table bright with snowiest
linen and glistening glass stands- the din
ing party. Uncle Sam, as the guest of
honor, is smiling at the head of the table
and is bowing his acknowledgments as
President McKinley, disclaiming all credit
for himself, presents the trio of fighting
admirals as the men to whom the country
is thankful for the meal that is Bpread
on its Thanksgiving table. And what
a meal it is! There is the Phil
ippine turkey that Dewey plucked
so easily from the Spanish roost in the
Philippines, and the Cuban fowl that was
brought in by Sampson and Shafter
while there is another bird of the same
feather that Schley caught napping at
Porto Rico. As his own modest little do
nation the President points to still an
other of the traditional Thanksgiving
birds that bears tht- new Hawaiian trade
mark. From the four quarters of the
globe was that dinner brought, and with
the fruits of victory that are heaped up
to lend variety to the repast it is a meal
fit for such heroes as are to sit down to it
The windows are lighted with bright
electroliers, and made gay with the na
tional colors and flowers of every variety
That the public fully appreciates the ar
tistic beauty of the scene and the im
pressive idea that it embodies was dem
onstrated last evening by the crowd that
tugged and pulled for foot space, and
many were the compliments that wore
showered upon the Raphaels and upon E.
< '. Heller, who conceived and executed
the unique and clever display.
The Colonial Tea.
There is every indication that the trpas
ury of the California. Girls' Training
Home will be materially assisted by the
colonial tea to be given on Tuesday after
noon and evening at Hotel Colonial. The
affair has been taken up by society, and
a hundred and fifty ladies have gone hard
to work to make it an artistic and social
success. All sorts of attractions have
been secured to make the afternoon a
pleasant one.
Mrs. George Carr, who has charge of
the musical end of the programme, has
secured the Berkeley Glee Club and Mme.
de Cemineros, whose marvelous voice has
been heard so frequently In social cir
cles and who will sing during the even
ing Besides these the Fourth Cavalry
band has volunteered its services, and
from a second floor balcony will make
music throughout the entire entertain-
There is to be a doll booth and a punch
and judy show and a half dozen attrac
tions that have been brought over from
Manila. Tea will be served by dainty
Chinese damsels from the missions, and
everything that can be will be done to
make the day one of absolute enjoyment.
"Dr. Jordan to Lecture.
Professor David Starr Jordan, president
of the Stanford University, wjll address
the American Branch Socialist Labor
Party at Washington Hall, 35 Eddy street,
this evening.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
COMMENTS ON
THE CHARTER
RATIFICATION
Interest Taken in Leg
islative Poll.
POSSIBLE OPPOSITION DEAD
OPINIONS OF MEMBERS IN THE
INTERIOR.
Prevailing Feeling That This City
Should Be Allowed to Adopt
Her Own Organic
Law.
Much comment was indulged in yes
terday by men of all shades of political
belief concerning the highly satisfac
tory result attending The Call's efforts
to secure a poll of legislators on the
question of the adoption of the new
charter by the coming Legislature.
The charter fight is practically settled
and all that "nw remains to be
done in the work of securing for
the city a new organic law is to
await the hour when the Legisla
ture will record the vote ratifying the
instrument adopted by a majority of
the voters of this city at the charter
election. This has had the effect of
clearing the political atmosphere of dis-
I quieting rumors that have for some
I time disturbed the peace of mind of
many who have interested themselves
in the matter of local self-government.
If any opposition to the ratification
of the charter by the Legislature was
contemplated the showing made by this
paper yesterday morning put an end to
it at once and forever. Replies received
from members of both houses of the
next Legislature indicate that there
will not be a dissenting vote when the
charter is brought before the Legisla
ture for ratification. Four out of every
five of the replies received are to the
effect that the subscriber publicly
pledges himself to vote for the ratifica
tion of San Francisco's new organic
law. Tlie fifth reply is non-committal
for the reason that the issues involved
are not sufficiently familiar to justify
a positive answer.
The po*l, as indicated by the replies
published yesterday, shows that mem
bers of the Legislature resident in dis
tricts outside of San Francisco believe
that the people of this city art' the
best judges of what laws are needed for
their own self-government. Believing
this to be so the interior members feel
they are in duty bound to vote to ratify
the charter adopted by a majority of
the electors of this city, it being under
stood that by so doing the rights of
citizens in other parts of the State out
side this municipality will not be in
fringed upon. It being true that even
the enemies of the charter do not
claim that people other than residents
of San Francisco are affected by the
provisions of the instrument, the posi
tion that will be taken by interior
members with reference to its adoption
by the Legislature is established.
Replies to the general query sent to
all members of the Legislature by The
Call are still being received and with
out exception they bear out the con
clusion drawn from the replies of yes
terday. The following replies were re
ceived yesterday:
PASADENA, Nov. 19.— Editor Call: I
have not read the new charter, but if
the people of San Francisco adopted it
by a good majority and there is noth
ing in it in conflict with the constitu
tion and existing laws I would feel un
der obligations to support it.
C. M. SIMPSON,
Senator, Thirty-sixth District.
Editor Call: The people of San Fran
cisco having declared by a majority
vote that the proposed charter is the
organic law they desire for their self
government I feel it is the duty of the
Legislature to ratify it. Believing this
to be so it is unnecessary for me to
say that I will vote for its ratification.
C. B. JILSON,
Assemblyman, First District.
Editor Call: I am In favor of the
ratification by the Legislature of the
charter adopted by the citizens of San
Francisco. The question is one of self
government and so long as the Interests
of residents of other parts of the State
are not involved I believe it to be right
and proper that the wishes of a ma
jority of the people directly interested
should be respected.
HOWARD E. WRIGHT,
Assemblyman, Fifty-first District.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. -19.— Editor Call:
Hay not given the matter of the San
Francisco city charter sufficient con
sideration to express any opinion there
on at this time. A. L. NUTT,
Senator, Fortieth District.
QUINCY, Nov. 19.— Editor Call: Have
not read charter. My view is that the
distinguished men who framed it ought
to know better than the Legislature
what interest the people there require.
If charter don't work secession of the
city from the State government, out
side of merely local matters, and con
tains nothing unconstitutional, it would
seem that the Legislature ought to
ratify it. Experience should have
taught your people their needs in the
form of safeguards, and if they have
been reasonably discreet the Legisla
ture should not say them nay.
G. G. CLOUGH,
Assemblyman, Sixth District.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 19.— Editor Call:
The constitution gives the people the
right in municipal corporations to
adopt an organic law. The people in
San Francisco have done so and I shall
vote for the charter.
H. V. MOREHOUSE,
Senator, Thirty-first District.
VALLEY FORD, Nov. 19.— Editor
Call: I have not given the subject suf
ficient consideration to give any
definite answer, though I see no good
reason why I should oppose it, unless
it can be shown that it is not for the
best interests of the State or city.
H. M. LE BARON,
Assemblyman, Sixteenth District.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming. Rusjlan. hot
and cold tub bath*. Saltwater filrect from oce»n.
'TIS THE NOSE
MAKES CYRANO
JiVoli ar\d Comedy War a la
Bergerac.
WHICH nose will draw? Will it be
the prehensile creation of Cyrano
Stevens de Bergerac or of Cyrano
Bell de Bergerac? It's a pointed question
and just now it Is paramount with the
heads of the houses of Kreling and Elling
house.
Both Tivoli and Comedy have their Cy
ranos and both are rehearsing heavy
casts for the "Play of the Nose," the dra
ma—the comedy— whichever way you
want It, that has roused phlegmatic Ger
many from its pipe and stein and set all
Paris a-wearing of false faces; and there's
a gay bit of rivalry 'twixt the two popu
lar play houses.
The Comedy has a week the best of It
on the boards. Its opening night is to
morrow, while Harry Lask of the Tivoli
will not be ready for yet a week.
"But." says Lask, complacently, "we
have the music— also we have Mr. Ste
vens."
"And we have the scenery, such scenery,
six painters at— but have you met Mr.
Bell?" says Ellinghouse.
The scenery and the music, quotha;
hang the band and the painters: How
about the nose? It's the nose, the nose,
man! that's set the country raving;
whose nose —
"Ah! the nose! Have you not seen the
nose of Mr. Bell?" smiles Ellinghouse,
"tip-tilted to the heavens, broad of beam,
deep of keel; any man could find trouble
with that nose did he but do so as did Cy
rano—go out and look for it."
"Come to rehearsal and see Stevens."
chortles Mr. I,apk. "He's a master in the
makeup. -Bell's nose? Bell's nose. I have
heard, is all very well, but Mr. Stevens'—
THE PICTURE
PAINTERS AND
THE OWL
Annual Exhibition of
Bohemian Club.
EXPECT NOTABLE CANVASSES
PRIZE MONEY TO BE AWARDED
BY A COMMITTEE.
A Special Exposition of Alexander
Harrison's Work at the Mark
Hopkins Institute
of Art.
An exhibition of the the work of the
artists in the Bohemian' Club will be held
in the club rooms for one week, beginning
Saturday, December 3, and closing Satur
day, December 10. The artists are mani
festing much interest in the forthcoming
display of paintings. A prize of $100 will
be awarded the painting chosen for club
honor by a committee to be appointed by
Major James A. Thompson, president of
the club, on the closing day.'
Last year the prize was awarded by
ballot, the picture securing the highest
number of votes taking fhe purse. Each
member of the institution had the privi
lege of voting once. The election clearly
demonstrated the proposition that popu
lar suffrage in the club applied to issues
of this character cannot be relied upon
to promote the art of painting. The Bo
hemian electors looked at the pictures,
sized up the artists and voted to give the
prize money to the painter most in need
of it. Tliis year Major Thompson will ap
point an intelligent, impartial and un
pledged committee to make the award.
It is presumed that the president will
name men whose judgment of art cannot
be swayed by sympathetic appeals in be
half of struggling and neglected genius.
The collection of pictures promises to be
a notable one, as many of the artists offer
new paintings. Alexander Harrison will
exhibit several canvasses for the first
time.
The opening day, December 3. will be
public in its character, and visitors pre
senting cards of admission signed by the
members ssuing them will find a wel
come. The welcome will be especially
cordial for the ladies. The ladies will
also be welcomed on Wednesday, Decem
ber 7, and on Saturday, December 10. from
2 until 5 p. m.. upon presentation of cards.
At Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
Wednesday evening. November 23, a spe
cial exhibition will be inaugurated of the
works of Alexander Harrison. On this
opening evening there will be a reception
for members of the Art Association and
invited guests only. The exhibition will
be open to the public daily from 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m. from November 24 to December
4 including Sundays, and also on Thurs
day evening, December 1, to 10 o'clock.
There Is talk among the directors of
the association of giving another Mardi
Gras ball. It is said that Mayor Phelan
Is the leading advocate of the function.
Joseph D. Grant, the president of the Art
Institution, is said! to view not "with
alarm," however, but with some doubt as
to the' financial outcome the scheme for a
masquerade.
Secretary of the Association W . G.
Stafford is a director-elect of the Board
of Education and of course will not have
much time to give to the proposed Mardi
Gras festivity. If Horace Platt decrees
i that the ball shall be given the dance
i may go on.
To Whom It May Concern:
I desire to advise the public that the
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks,
United States of America, is no^ in any
way connected with a certain "ladies' so
cial," announced to be given at the C.ili
forina Theater on Sunday afternoon, No
vember 20, 1898 (Sunday entertainments of
this character being In direct violation of
the laws governing the order). Nor wilt)
the "Annual Carnival Masquerade Ball,''
advertised to be held at Mechanics' Pa
vilion on Wednesday evening, Novemoer
23. 1898; that there is no such fund in the
Benevolent and Protective Order ol- Elks
as the "Charity Fund," and further, fliat
the persons giving such ball .we no; mem
bers of the Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks and have no connect. 'en
ah! it is like that of Cyrano himself— we
cabled Paris for its description. Long and
aslant, like the flare of a lady's skirt, and
not pointed into the air like an inquisitive
old woman's. It's sharp of point like the
sword de Bergerac; It is the nose of the
man who fights. But come see for your
self: see Mr. Stevens."
•And so groes the merry war 'tween El
linghouse and Krellng. Cyrano de Ber
gerac is a departure from usual lines for
both houses. The Tivoll has bred it.s na
trons to opera, grand and otherwise: the
Comedy to comedy. The flashing, ready
sword of the combative Cyrano, the mo
saic character of de Bergerac himself, the
spectacular love making of Jacques Cra
pot are new and untried to both and so
ciety has its lorgnette polished and trained
on sock and buskin, awaiting impatiently
the result.
The principal features of the Tivoli cast
are as follows:
Cyrano de Bergerar, Edwin Stevens: Chris
tian de Xeuvillette. Charles Napier: Comte de
Gulohe, W. H. West: Ragueneau, Phil Branson;
Le Bret, William Bennette; Captain Carbon de
Castel-Jaloux, William Schuster; Cuigy, Harry
Myers; Ligniere, John P. Yilson; Roxane. Ele
nor Crox: Duenna to Roxane. C. Btockmeyer;
Ldae, Anna Meyers; Mother Marguerite, Edna
Blsmore; Sister Claire, Hetty Loomis; Sister
Marthe, Minna Meyers. 1
The Comedy cast is:
Cyrano de Beo?erae, Edward M. Bell: Chris
tian de Neuvillette, A. L. Willard: Comte de
Guiche, Charlos Fleming; Rayueneau, an Inn
keeper. Kussel Bassett: Le Bret. Cyrano's
comrade in arms, Klngsley Benedict; Captain
Carbon de Castel-Jaloux, Jean de Lacy; Llg
niere, a poet, Harry F. Adams; De Valvert,
Bartlett Cushlng: Roxane (Madeleine Robin).
Miss Adelaide Fitz Allen: Use, Ragueneau's
wife. Miss Cnrrie Clark-Ward; The Duenna.
Miss Jean Howard; Mother Marjrarc-t. Miss
Anna Woods; Sister Claire, Miss Lillian Young;
Sister Marthe, Miss Jesephine Seymour.
with it in any way. JOHN CALVIN.
Grand Exalted Ruler. Benevolent and
Protective Order of BQu, United
J^ates of America, Cincinnati, Ohio.
By J. R. HOWELL, Distrnt Deputy for
State of California, San Francisco,
Cal. *
THE DUTY OF MOTHERS.
Rabbi Myers Says Their Carelessness
Threatens the Jewish Race
With Absorption.
Tn his sermon yesterday morning Rabbi
Tsidoro Myers of the Congregation Ohabl
Shalome talked plainly to the wives and
mothers — showed them where they were
neglecting their duty and pointed out the
probable results of carelessness in the
bringing up of children.
Hla text was the words of Elisha, the
prophet, to the Shunamite woman: "Is
It well with you? Is It well with your
husband? Is it well with your child?'
"In those days," said the rabbi, "the
women were held to be the guiding stars
of the homes. The home was a sanctu
ary, the wife and mother its priestess.
"The Jewish mother in modern times
must recognize the tremendous responsi
bility resting upon her. She must train
her children to be at once good citizens
and good Jews, so that they will be a
source of joy and happiness to her in old
age. Many mothers are too selfish and
others are too indulgent. If the children
in alter lite drift away from religion and
virtue the mother will have to answer for
her neglect. The future of Judaism de
pends upon the influence exercised by
Jewish wives. Too many are letting their
children ape the evil traits of the Gen
tiles without rebuke. The result will be
that when they grow Tip to be men and
women they will have forgotten the reli
gion of their fathers, and the Jewish race
in this part of the country, at least, will
be a thing of the past."
WATER FRONT PRIVjIIEGES.
Steamship Companies Have No Right
to Peddle Them Out.
The action of the Morton Transfer Com
pany against the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, decided yesterday in the Su
preme Court, brought to the surface the
facts of how certain privileges on the
water front had been peddled— facts of
which the general public had been ignor
aftt. The Harbor Commissioners grant
ed to the steamship company the ex
clusive privilege of landing its vessels at
Broadway wharves 1 and 2. The Morton
brothers desired the privilege of soliciting
business on these wharves upon the ar
rival of the company's steamers, but they
were denied this.
Actinii was brought against the com
pany to secure the privilege desired. In
the lower court an interesting feature
was brought out. It seems that the com
pany had given the Pacific Transfer Com
pany the exclusive right to solicit business
upon the payment r<> the steams«h<n
people of 25 per cent of the gross receipt*
of the transter business. 'ihe'lOWej t,,u.i
granted the relief Bought, and the steam
ship company appealed to the Supreme
Court. The appeal was in vain, for in the
decision the Justices say:
These Har!ior Commissioners had the right
to grant to the steanißhip company only those
rights and interest* which the statute declares
they may grant; for the power and control of
the water front delegated by the statute to
the Commissioners may be exercised by them
alone, and they can delegate none of those
powers and no part of that control to third
parties. • • • The trial court made a find
ing to the effect that the proper conduct of the
business of the steamship company tn the use
of these piers does not demand that these
plaintiffs should be excluded therefrom upon
the arrival of vessels. In other words, the
presence upon these piers of the plaintiffs
soliciting business upon the arrival of defend
ant's vessels Is not an infringement upon the
defendant's use. • • • Rut it may be said in
conclusion that this matter of granting or re
fusing privileges of the kind here Involved is a
matter with the Harbor Commissioner? alone,
and a matter whtch they should control and
manage by reasonable rules and regulations.
Wants Her Son.
A petition was filed yesterday by
Madame Maison, In which she seeks to
obtain the legal custody of her son, Ed
mund Maison. In 1894 Madame Maison
obtained a decree of divorce from her
husband and was granted the custody of
her son. Subsequently, during the ab
sence of the petitioner her husband, she
alleges, was granted the custody of the
rhilil. The petition presented yesterday
asks that the order of court giving young
Edmund Into the custody of his f:ither be
revoked and that she again be appointed
his legal custodian.
ladles" tailor-made suits. Kur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter st.. r. € and 7.
Will Feed the Needy.
The Christian Union Mission i.s going
to see to it that the neeu shall have t.ieir
Thanksgiving dinner and is arranging
for a spread that will make up for any
number of days of fasting, at the Mission
Home at »49 Howard street. There are
many mouths to be fed, and the mission
need's a good bit of help in the way of
cash and food and clothing donations.
Any tenders of this description will be
gratefully acknowledged at the Howard
street headquarters.
Don't forget German Mother's Syrup cures
your child's cough. Better try It. Ko.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___,_-_-_——-—
We Mean Business!
We are retiring from business, and offer our entire stock, con-
sisting of nearly $100,000 worth good, seasonable, reliable Cloth-
ing, Hats and Furnishing Goois for less than manufacturers' cost.
A GREAT OPPORTUNITY.
Never in the Clothing history of San Francisco has honest,
reliable Merchandise been slaughtered like we are now. This
sale will only last until January Ist. Our Stock is getting
lower and lower every day, as we are not replenishing, so if
you want to save money
COME QUICK— DON'T DELAY.
A Few Good Things: Selected to "Be Placed on Sale
Monday and Continue Until Sold Out:
100 Men's All-Wool BUSINESS SUlTS— Single and double breasted, round
and square corners ; in Tweeds, Cheviots, Worsteds and Cassimeres.
These Suits range from ?10 to $15 in price— * v<rr,
While They Last (f\ EZ £?r.? r .
They Go at ...... Cho>ce -
100 Men's Fine All- Worsted DRESS SUITS-ln sacks, frocks, single and
double breasted, round and square corners in Clay Worsted, serge,
Tweeds, Cassimeres and Cheviots. These Suits range from $15 to $20
in price— ;' -^ ■£ __ ,- '■
While They Last gSt? O Jg R. £ •
They Go at *fi Q. £4. Zj Choice.
75 Men's Fine OVERCOATS— In Beavers, Meltons and Covert Cloth.with
velvet collar and plain. These Coats range from $10 to $16 in price—
While They Last *9* PJ f\ EZ For .
They Go at / . O Ch °' CC -
150 Boys' SCHOOL SUITS— The double-breasted, with large braided reefer
collars, and >mal! collars for larger boys, apes 4 to 14;. in I weeds,
Cheviots and Cassimeres. They range from $3 to $5 m price-
While They Last (£X> 4 ifa EZ For .
They Go at / . O th ° °-
300 pairs of MEN'S PANTS in Worsted, Tweeds, Cassimeres and Cheviots.
They range from $2.50 to $5.00 in price-
While They Last |QN / f-T EZ For .
They Go at £%% Im / O Choice.
100 Men's Fine Felt FEDORA HATS in black, brown and tan; small and
large shapes. They range from $1.50 to 52.50 in price-
While They Last f\ EZ For
They Go at....... 13 C Choke
50 dozen Men's All-Wool SANITARY UNDERWEAR, in gray, all sizes.
The price of th?m is 51.25 a garmerr— .
While They Last py EZ For
They Go at / OC A " Sizes
co dozen Men's and Boys' Heavy Ribbed SWEATERS, all colors and
sizes. The price of them is 75c and Si. a garment.
While They Last JB EZ FFor..r r ..
They Go at Z£ QC All Sizes.
~ThIM S^ld win
clothiers.
924 to 930 Market Street.
Mail Orders Filled For Goods As Advertised.
Telephone Main 5654.
A PLEASING PROGRAMME.
Entertainment by Fremont Parlor,
N. D. G. W., in Aid of Its Fund
For the Sick.
Fremont Parlor No. 59 of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West presented
a very pleasing and entertaining pro
gramme in Native Sons' Hall last night
to an audience that manifested its appre
ciation by giving hearty applause at the
close of each number. The entertainment
was in aid of the parlor's fund for the re.
lief of its sick members.
In the first part there was introduced
an exhibition of fancy dancing by the
Misses Clarice and Nellie Kerwin; vocal
solo Mrs Nellie Farrell; bass solo, Wll
iiam Hawley, and character songs by a
little tot whose imitations of older ones in
the same characters were very clever.
The second part was a farce entitled.
•'Never Count Your Chickens Before They
\re Hatched." in which the characters
were assumed by H. J. C. Toomey. Alfred
F Medley, John J. Crowley. Annie Kerr.
Ruble Bartlett. Bernie Stein and Fannie
Barry This was followed by dancing un
til a 'late hour. The affair was conducted
v the following named to a successful
termination: Reception committee, Mlsa
A Kerr. Mrs. D. Campbell. Miss A. Good
win Dr M. E. Falck. Miss M. Cawley,
and' Mrs. C. Barry. Floor manager. Mrs.
P D. Barton; assistant floor manager,
Mrs R. Rickard; floor committee Miss P.
Bartlett, Miss R. Bartlett. Miss K. Quill,
Miss F Barry and Miss M. Toomey.
Children Will Sing and March.
On Tuesday evening, the 2_»d inst.. the
Holy Angels' Sodality of St. Paul's
Church will give an entertainment in the
hall -Twenty-ninth and Church streets.
Nearly 200 children will take part in the
beautiful tableaux, the fancy marches and
the several choruses which are among the
features of the entertainment. Admission
will be 25 cents, with reserved seats at
no cents The entertainment will be re
peated on the evening of Thanksgiving
day.
ADVZRTISEMEITTS.
®®®®©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
2 /// ik P/ERCE'S |
yjv //y «*^v>»l ' 8 JLmmt JLmmt **-'iv&
® // vi * ;^^v^ y^ ■■ ff^ S3 W o
I "'- |A - , "ff ELECTRIC |
1- W/f-J^'A^^^ ■ jRFLT ®
C) llr^L^ -=^ Is universally acknowl- ©
m Y^T "^'^r" -is^s. *wh ' edged to be the finest as ®
)? \f?. -^ > *"'iii%\W v>ell as the most POWER- ®
X '^^ ' ""^ \«^^^^T' FUL. and DURABLE BODY ©
© \ ?rf<*'^^^^l wt V - BATTERY now made in 0
© >^" M\\ / C : »\^W I^vS. any part of the world It is „
© />/// MX 1 / '- 'I ••-<^\T \W\<V true that there are other ■«J
(i) /ii V\ \\V\ belts - so-called "ELEC- ©
m ■^^^W^iA'^ V^ili^V TRIC'-offered for sale in ®
® ' '&*ilil§\ various parts of the coun- ©
® \ AilffiH^K^ try: some very cheap and ®
© I \\\\V\vl\\\\V\ X \\\^ . ;i . V-'tldiWßißßM^ . some very expensive;
(•■) UVAvAxN^^-X^^l^lKBBGS^VyW bu^ brlenv stated, the fact ®
ri \\\\^\^WWV\S^^^^^«M^ remains now, as it has dur- ©
£ vWW^ "^^V^^X^^^llllMM^ |X A V ing the past twenty years: ®
® »AWwMliffl •• If y° u want the BEST you ©
® ■^^■\§^ I PIERCES." aYe " DR> "
« ' '^S A^S^^jSJ^lt'lHM'' ? Testimony concerning the ©
S o£e\V Vx^V^f\X^\\ 1 WHflF' wonderful curative power ©
® of this Belt continues to ar- @
® v ' ■'■'.'-' rive from aJI P arts of the ®
® nN- I ' country.
© TWO CURES . WITH ONE BELT. ©
© Dr Pierce— SEATTLE,. Washington, October 19. ■
(S\ ' Dear Sir: Some time ago I bought one of your Electric Belts for Lame Back caused w
by trouble with my kidneys, arM In three days' t time the pain disappeared and has ©
® not troubled me since. Your Belt almost performed a miracle In curing my complaint.
/-. for it was so bad before I wore the Belt that I was laid up in th* hospital and could «M
not work. ©
S\ After your Belt cured me I lent it to a friend, and the same Belt that cured me
X cured him also. I have recommended your Belt to every one I could hear of who was w
® sick, and shall continue to do so hereafter, for It is certainly a great Invention.
® Yours truly. ;■■■' -FRANCIS VICTOR WILBER. <J
A. E7"For prices and full Information of "DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT," call ®
■v* at our office, or send 2c In stamps. for Illustrated ."Book No. 2" Address: - _
| PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, deplrt cc m a e l nt ©
0 ■ 620 Market Street (Opposite Paltee Hotel), San ]Trsnci«oo. .. ©
IS IT COUBT-MARTIAIiP
Army Officers Believe Captain Choyn-
ski Must Stand Trial.
The report of First Lieutenant John B.
Bennett, aid to Major General Merriam,
regarding his investigation into the re
ports that have been circulated about tha
officers of Battery B, California Heavy
Artillery, now stationed at Fort Baker,
has been completed and filed with Adju
tant General Babcock. The report con
tains a number of inclosures and the rec
ommendation of Lieutenant Bennett as a
result of the same. The report not only
deals with the alleged unmilitary con
duct of the officers, but it also takes up
the matter of the reports made against
Lieutenant Huie, who is said to be short
in his accounts as canteen officer.
The report has not as yet been submit
ted by Adjutant General Babcock to Gen
eral Merriam. and until General Merriam
receives it nothing will be done. What
ever action may be the result of the in
vestigation made by Lieutenant Bennett
it will have to come from General Mer
riam. Some officers are inclined to be
lieve that the o^icers of the battery will
be only reprimanded, while others main
tain that a court-martial cannot be
avoided, claiming that even Major Gen
eral Merriam. as department commander,
dares not set the precedent of allowing:
such conduct to go unpunished if it 13
supported by the investigation. General
Merriam will in all probability follow
whatever recommendation is made by
Lieutenant Bennett.
Music at Church of the Advent.
There will be a special musical service
at Church of the Advent, Eleventh street,
near Market, to-night at 7:45 o'clock. The
services will be "rendered by the full
vested choir of fifty men and boys. Among
special numbers will be the psalter,
chanted antiphonally : Mendelssohn an
them "How Lovely Are the Messengers,"
and the benediction hymn sung in the
form of a cross before the altar. Sermon
by the rector. Archdeacon Emery. All
seats are free and the public is wel
comed.
78
HARVARD KEEPS
OLD ELI'S SONS
FROM SCORING
Wins the Football Gan)e or) Yale
Field by Seventeen to
Naught
Gridiron Heroes Struggle ir> a Sea of Mud,
Wtyle Rain Pours Down Upon the
Spectators.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 19.— Har
vard defeated Yale this afternoon 17 to
0, winning a glorious football victory
in a clean, fast game, abounding in
brilliant plays. The Harvard eleven j
showed themselves masters of the
game, excelling in every department j
and playing football well nigh marvel
ously under such miserable weather
conditions. Every point was maxle by
straightforward, open tactics, and no
fluke or luck contributed in any way to
the scoring.
Harvard's great speed of play, power
and concentration of attack, superior
kicking and splendid physical condi
tion won the game for her easily. The |
Yale players fought with stolid pluck.
At the end they rallied grandly, out of
sheer desperation, and finished strong.
A bleaker and more uninviting spot j
was not to be found in New Haven at j
noon to-day than the Yale field. The j
vanguard of the vast throng which i
went to the field began to arrive short- I
ly after the noon hour, after a long
tramp through mud and water, and
found the gridiron submerged and the
carefully prepared approaches to the
grand stand a quagmire.
The rain which had fallen for two
and a half days was still pouring down
and a northeast wind continued to
send the storm along with great vio
lence. Eighteen thousand people wit
nessed the game. Oilskins, mackin
toshes, rubber coats, table cloths, car- j
: boots, sou'westers— every kind of <
proof protection was pressed into
service. The rubber clothing in New j
Haven stores was sold early in the day, ;
and then a raid was made on the dry \
poods Btorea for oilcloth. Hundreds
w. Nt to the field draped in oilcloth,
with only a single opening in the cen
ter, through which bedraggled heads
appear 4.
The costumes of the women were as
grotesque as those of the men, and
many women who sat in the stands
with absolutely no head covering pre
1 an odd appearance when the
rain had beaten down on I'iem for two
hours and melted their locks about
tfv-ir fair faces. But they were cheer
ful and even wildly enthusiastic at
times. In spite of it all.
By 1:30 the two large stands on either
Bide of the field were well filled, the j
west tide, allotf d to Harvard, filling
more rapidly. Fifteen minutes later I
the east stand, occupied by Yale and j
her% sympathizers, and both end and |
corner stands were practically full. By )
2 o'clock there were few vacant seats j
in the rectangular stand.
It was just 2:15 o'clock when Captain {
Chamberlain and his sturdy men, well j
greaved and gauntleted for the battle, j
ran upon the field from the northeast ;
amid volleys of cheering from ,
enthusiastic Yale men. One minute j
later Captain Dibblee and his crimson j
stockinged warriors strode into the i
arena, while grer t banks of humanity j
that surrounded the gridiron burst into
Wild hurrahs.
Yale \vi..n the toss, taking the ball
and rushing toward the northern goal.
At 2:23 o'clock Burr Chamberlain kick
ed off far down the field to the ten-yard j
line, Daly returning the kick prettily,
and Yale lined up with the ball in her j
possession on her own fifty-yard line.
Three attempts to forge the crimson j
forward netted but three yards, and |
the ball went to Harvard on downs, j
but it was immediately given back to
the blue on Harvard's off side play.
Again Yale could not gain, and Cham
berlain was forced to kick. Daly I
fumbled the punt, then picked the ball ■
up deftly and ran ahead a few yards,
giving the crimson the ball on the
thirty-yard line.
Haughton punted at once, high and
far down the field, Dudley catching the
ball on Yale's own flftv-yard line. Har
vard's defense was in. pregnable and
Yale was forced once more to kick,
Harvard receiving the pigskin on her
own fifty-yard line.
Haughton immediately booted the
leather far down the gridiron, across
the goal line, for a touchback. The ball
being brought back. Chamberlain kick
ed off from the 25-yard line. Reid mak
ing a pretty catch and dashing over
the white lines for twenty yards be
fore little Ely nailed him.
It was now, with the ball on Yale's
45-yard line, that Harvard began her
relentless hammering at the Yale line,
which resulted in a well-earned touch
down. Dibblee and Reid plunged into
the Yale forwards with tremendous
power. At each rush the blue wavered,
with Yale powerless to check the ter
rific onslaught. Slowly but surely.
Harvard advanced thf> ball on steady,
persistent plunges, first smashing to
one side, then to the other, of the
center.
The ball reached the 12-yard line,
Dibblee, Reid and Boal taking it on
consecutive rushes for thirty-three
yards. Then little Dibblee plunged
into right tackle as if shot from a cata
pult, and the ball was ten yards
nearer the coveted goal line. Yale
made a plucky rally and twice faced
the fury of the crimson attack, giving
way but one yard. With that one yard
between them and a touchdown Char
lie Daly called out the men for one last
effort. Reid took the ball and leaped
headlong into the struggling forwards.
It was nearly a minute before the men
could be pulled out of the heap, so hard
and close had been the scrimmage, but
Reid had gone over the line. Th*» crim
son had scored the r.rst point at just
2:36 o'clock, twelve mtnutes after the
kick-off.
hrane's kick for goal struck the
crossbar and the ball bounded back into
the arena, making the score a to 0 in
Harvard's favor.
Chamberlain kicked off again and
Daly punted back to Ely on the play.
The Harvard line was stroh?. deter
mined and aggressive. It was impos
sible for Yale, try as she would, to gain
and she was forced to kick- Haughton
rt turned the punt and Kly made a
brilliant, sensational run of thirty
yards by catching it and rushing down
the side lines, shaking off tackier after
tackier. But when the backs went up
.'ij^ainst the crimson line it was like
striking a brick wall. Yale was always
forced to kick, and Harvard kicked at
every opportunity, gaining many yards
and keeping the play continually in
Yale's territory.
With the ball on Yale's own 13-yard
line. Harvard held the blue for downs
and started hammering at Yale's center
a train. Dibblee dashed into the line for
three yards and Warren and Dibblee
on successive plays took the ball to the
six-yard line, when Dibblee ripped
through right guard with half a ton of
charging muscle at his back, scoring
the second touchdown and really
clinching the victory for the crimson.
The ball went over to Yale for the
second time at 2:51 o'clock, just twen
ty-eight minutes after the start.
Haughton shot the oval fair and true
over the crossbars, and Harvard led,
11 to 0.
Not two minutes later, after Tale had
put thw»-ball into play and kicks had
been exchanged, with the ball in Har
vard's possession on Yale's thirty-five
yard line, Dibblee, with Reid, Warren,
Duly and Cuchrane in several end in
terferences, shot out of the right end,
and, breaking away from his interfer
ences, turned in and dashed over the
field, twisting, dodging and racing on
for thirty yards. Reid and Boal then
smashed into the forwards, but Mar
shall and Cutten braced and held them
within two yards of the goal line for
four downs.
Chamberlain punted to Daly, who
made a fair catch on the thirty-five
yard line, from which Haughton tried
for a goal from the field. It was a
pretty kick, but the leather flew a few
yards wide of the upright and Yale
brought the ball out to the twenty-flve
yard line.
The remaining five minutes of play
were marked by no remarkable features
and the half closed at 3:05 p. m. with
the ball in Yale's possession on her own
fifty-yard line and the score Harvard
11, Yale 0.
In the second half Mcßride returned
Haughton's kick-off, Daly receiving the
punt and making a brilliant run of
j thirty yards before he was downed by
Ely. Harvard lost the ball on War
• ren'a fumble, and Durston and Dudley
' began to rip through the crimson line
: for the first time in the game, pushing
: the ball from their own forty-five-yard
line over the center of the field to Har
vard's forty-yard line, where the ball
went to the crimson on downs. Eddy
fumbled Haughton's kick and Farley,
who had replaced Cochrane a moment
before, was down the field like a deer
and secured the ball on Yale's thirty
yard line.
Harvard again began her persistent
plunging attacks between Yale's
| tackles, but lost the ball to Yale on
| downs after gaining twelve yards.
Yale was again forced to kick, and
Harvard, after several futile attempts
to make headway, did the same. The
ball went back and forth several times
j without material result, Dibblee finally
I gathering in Mcßride's bounding kick
I and giving Harvard the ball on Yale's
; forty-yard line. Haughton at once shot
j a high, long punt down the field, which
I Dudley missed. A red jacket fell on
: the ball and it wa.« Harvard's first
1 down on twenty yards, and Dibblee
1 added two more on the other side. Then
; Warren, with a mighty dive, broke
; through the left guard, cleared the
I scrimmage pile and brought the ball to
i the two-yard line, where Reid was
| pushed over for a touch-down. Haugh
i ton kicked the goal, making the score
I 17 to 0, as it remained.
There was scarcely ten minutes more
play, but in that time Yale's team ral
lied with splendid courage and igrit,
and made its best offensive effort of the
afternoon. Harvard had the ball on
her own 40-yard line, and it was given
jto the Yale for off-side play. Durston
I banged into the right for a good six
1 yards and again for five more. Dud
ley struck Harvard's right for three
yards, but could make no headway on
j the next attempt. This brought the
! ball to Harvard's 20-yard line, and Yale
j enthusiasts had visions of scoring,
when Ely, on a double pass, skirted the
right end for twelve yards, amid the
wildest enthusiasm. Durston was
] given the ball and tore up against the
S Crimson trocha again, but with no suc
cess. Chamberlain then dropped back
for a goal from the field, but his effort
proved fruitless, and time was called
before the teams lined up again.
The victorious eleven was in splendid
| condition t-, ;i man and set a speedy
| pace for their less spirited opponents.
In the second half Jaffray gave way to
Burnett and Farley replaced Cochrane,
though the men were not injured and
could have continued playing had it
not been deemed best to put in fresher
men. The condition of the Yale Dlay
| ers, with the exception of Mcßride,
: Hubbell and Dudley, was first class,
I the team playing strongly in the face
of defeat to the very last moment.
In the first half Mcßride went in
place of Townsend, and in the second
half Allen took Rtillman's place at left
tackle, while Schweppe went to the
right end, Eddy dropping back to fill
the place of Dudley, who retired.
After the game the Harvard band
marched about the gridiron, followed
by hundreds nf Harvard men. At the
j conclusion of the triumphal march, the
; band was surrounded by several thou
• sand graduates and under-graduatps,
all with their friends, all uncovered,
and with the enthusiasm to be expected
for a victory over Yale for the second
tlmo since 1875, the throng burst forth
!in the refrain "Fair Harvard." Hats
■ and banners were thrown to the winds,
I and the celebration of the Cambridge
followers continued until the last of
them had left the Yale field and New
i Haven.
The line up follows: ;
Yale. Positions. ' '. Harvard.
Hubbe11... '..... Left end.... .Cochran," Farley
Stlllman, Allen . . . .Left . tackle Donald
Brown Left guard .'....'..80 a!
Cutten . . . .'.Center .Taffray, Burnett
Marshal '. Right guard ". Burden
Chamberlain night tackle.... ....Hautjh ton
Eddy, Schweppe... Right end Hallowell
Ely Quarterback Daly
Durston. Left halfback. . ....'. . Dibble
Dudley. Eddy Right halfback ..Warren
Townshend, Me- . '>•■ '. :■■ ■
Bride.:.; Fullback .....;.. ....'... Reid
Touchdowns— 2; Dibblee. Haugh
ton. 2. Total score— Harvard, 17; Tale, 0. Time
— Two 35-mlnute halves.
HARVARD FRESHMEN WIN.
NEW T-IAVEN, Conn., Nov. 19.— The
Harvard freshmen eleven this morning
defeated the Yale freshmen by a score
of 6to 0. The winning touchdown was
made within the last two minutes of
the game by Hall left halfback, who
had scarcely got Into the playing, tak
ing Blagdon's place.
The field was a duck pond, and the
playing waß characterized throughout
by much punting and fumbling by both
' sides. The play that scored the touch
down was a mass on Yale's left tackle
and guard, and Hill ran from the forry
j yard line to score.
The two teams were pretty evenly
matched with the advantage in fa\ - or of
! Harvard In the kicking department.
| Ward, Yale's fullback, had a "game
leg" and found It difficult to get In a
long drive. The work of the Yale ends
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
KAISER SCORED
BY THE DUKE OF
WESTMINSTER
Deoounced for Having Accepted
the Hospitality of the Sultan .
of Turkey.
LONDON, , Nov. 18.— The
Duke of Westminster has writ
ten a letter, in which he says:
"After what has been said
and recorded in blue books
about the misdeeds of the Sul
tan and his complicity in the
murder of 100,000 of his sub
jects, I feel that Emperor Wil
liam's acceptance of the hos
pitality of a monarch who, by
a series of unparalleled crimes,
has placed himself outside the
pale of civilization, must be
deeply regretted and de
plored."
This letter elicited a vehe
ment attack on the Duke of
Westminster in William Wal
dorf Astor's Pall Mall Gazette.
It is known that Mr. Astor and
the Duke are the reverse of
friends, owing to a squabble
over the possession of the fa
mous "visitors' book" and oth
er personal articles which Mr.
Astor insisted were comprised
in the purchase of Cliveden.
was superb. Wilbur, the big Yale
guard, was ruled off by Referee Gar
field in the second half for rough play-
ing -
The line-up was as follows:
Yale Freshmen— Gould, left end; Swan,
left tackle: Hooker, left guard; Cunha,
center; Wilbur and Giles, right guard;
Cook, right tackle; Abbott, right end;
Fincke. quarterback; Hart, left half;
Adams right half; S. D. Ward, fullback.
Harvard Fre.shmen— Pruyn, left end;
Spear, left tackle; Higley, left guard;
Green and Sargent, center; Rainsford,
right guard; Lewis, right tackle; Camp
bell right end; Motley, quarterback;
Blagdon and Hall, left half; Tarrance,
right half; Devens, fullback.
ON OTHER GRIDIRONS.
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— The Carlisle
defeated the University of Illinois
eleven on Jackson leld to-day by a
score of 11 to 0. Only the call of time
prevented the red men scoring an
other touchdown, as the ball was with
in six Inches of the goal line when the
referee's whistle ended the long drawn
out contest. In fact th» ball had been
carried a foot over the line on the pre
vious down by Cayou, but had been
forced back. The Indians were still
stiff and sore from the drubbing given
them by Perms ivania, and were far
from displaying the form they have
Shown in previous contests in the West.
Illinois did much better than was ex
pected. Back of the line the team was
especially strong. Cook and Hall being
fast and following a somewhat loose
interference well. Johnson's punt
ing was very good, especially in the
second half, when the team blocked
better for him and gave him more time
to get the ball away.
DENVER, Nov. 19.— The Nebraska
University football team defeated that
of the Denver Athletic Club to-day by
a RROVIDENCE, R. 1., Nov. 19.— The
Brown - Dartmouth football game,
scheduled for to-day, has been post
noned until Monday because of rain.
SAN JOSE Nov. 19.— 1n a well contested
game at Cyclers' Park to-day the San
Jrme Normal School football team defeat
ed the Stockton High School eleven by a
score of 6 to 0. The Normals were heav
ier than the visitors.
ANNAPOLIS, M<l., Nov. 18.— Football:
TWO REMARKABLE CURES.
Two Happy Men Testify to the Grand Results Re=
ceived From Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
There is nothing so penetrating, nothing so invigorating, nothing that will relievo weak-
ness and pain as speedily and surely as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It is simple, but grand.
It assists nature by a general re-enforcemont of the vital'energy, by infusing a mild, invigorat-
ing current of Electricity into the nerves and by supplying the system with the very essence
of nerve vigor and nerve strength.
The greatest men in the world of medicine and science say "ELECTRICITY IS LIFE."
It is the strength, the vigor, and, in fact, the very life i 1 tin bily, and Dr. Sanden's success in
making use of its life-giving power proves its merit. With his Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt he
has cured 10,000 weak men during the last five years — men who had been troubled with general
debility, wasting weakness — men who had been able to get no benefit from drugs. Many of
these cases were pronounced incurable by doctors who had failed to cure them. But they have
been cured, and they stand ready to testify to it. There must bo merit in a system of treat-
ment that can show such cures as these.
MADE A NEW MAN OF HIM.
ISLKTON. Sacramento Co., Cal.
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I feel It my duty to make known the remarkable results I have received
from the use of your Dr. Sanden'B Electric Belt. The results I have received from the use of the Belt have been
wonderful, as I have gained over 25 pounds, going from 143 to 178 and feel better to-day than I have for years. ,
I have gradually got rid of my weakness and have grown etrong-er and feeling better every day. To-day I can >
do any kind of a hard day's work without feeling fatigued, and have more energy and ambition than I have 1
had for yearn. I feel very grateful for the change the Belt has made in me and will always recommend It. for I ,
am convinced that it is superior In every way to drugs. You may use this letter as you see fit, and hope it will j
repay you in part for the interest you have taken in my case. With best washes, 1 am yours very truly, |
THS DUKE OF WESTMINSTER.
Naval Cadets 6, University of Virginia 0.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Nov. 19.—Univer
sity of Michigan 22, Beloit College 0.
EMBASSADOR TO THE
COURT OF ST. JAMES
Joseph Choate and Elihu Root of
New York Now in the Race
for the Mission.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: While
President McKinley has reached no de
cision respecting the man to be ap
pointed Embassador to Great Britain,
It is stated to-night he has the names
of Joseph Choate and Elihu Root, both
of New York, under consideration. In
official circles it is not believed the
President will appoint a successor to
Mr. Hay until after the present strain
in the peace negotiations has passed.
Senator McMillan is no longer consid
ered fn connection with the appoint
ment, and as a result of the removal of
his name from the list of possibilities
those of Messrs. Choate and Root have
taken first place.
In answer to the objection raised in
certain quarters that it would be in
advisable to appoint a second New
Yorker to an embassy, I was told that
the President feels that for the English
mission he should get the best man
available, no matter where he resides.
"DR. NANCE" BACK.
Returns From England in the Cus-
tody of an Officer.
NEW YORK. Nov. 19.— 0n board the-
Cunard line ptf-amer Lucanta, which ar
rived this morning from Liverpool and
Queenstown, was Dr. Nancy Gullford, the
Connecticut mldwifo, a prisoner. Mrs.
Qullford appears on the passenger list as
Mrs. N. B. Brown.
Brazil's New Cabinet.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— A special dispatch
from Rio Janeiro says a new Cabinet has
been formed &s follows: Minister of Fi
nance. Senor Mutinho; Minister of War,
Senor Mallet; Minister or Foreign Affairs,
Senor Demagalhaes; Minister of Marine,
Senor de Sllvdra.
DON'T BE A WEAK MAN!
If You Are Weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Will Cure You!
This wonderful Belt is not an experiment. Cures , like the above have been repeated daily for years. It is a positive cure for all weakness,
whatever the cause It gives life into the nerves, warms and vitalizes them, assists the blood to flow through the veins and thus aids nature so that dis-
ease cannot exist and all normal strength is restored: Dr. Sanden apr-lies his Belt in a manner taught him by years of practice. The men who say it cured
them of general debility of wasting weakness; the men who have become strong and vigorous by following Dr. banden s advice, are the best evidence of
the worth of his system' There are thousands of them. If you are troubled with weakness in any way, call and examine this wonderful Belt. Test the
powerful current it gives and see how easily regulated it is. Don't be ignorant of a remedy which may correct all your past mistakes and assure your
future happiness Don't delay act now. Get the book, "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men; tells the cause of early decay in young
and middle-aged 'men. It shows how electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, and gives the proof. It is free upon application. A call pre-
ferred. . . . • . '■■ \
DR. A. T. SANDEN, | not in drug stores.
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. , ' " ~V~-'* . ™ ~, —^, «
OfflcehoS Tsa. mto 8 p.m.; Sunday.. 10 to 1 -Branches -.',£,■ Angles. -sj grzwsi£z *&£?■•s■%
Cal.. 204V4 South Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver. . !„ office •■"" * euns . «eenxa. only at
Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas. Tex.. 285 Mala street: Butte, Mont... 110 North our office. ,-
Main street.
GLOOM IN THE
STANFORD CAMP
Optimism Is Lacking at
Congress Springs
MANY PLAYERS ARE AILING
USUAL ANTE-BELLUM TALES OF
WOE.
Freeman's Shoulder Thrown Out of
Joint Just as He Had Becov
ered From Former
Injuries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CONGRESS SPRINGS, Nov. 19.— The
first thing one is assailed with upon his
arrival at Congress Springs is a bat
tery fire of physical complaints that
run the gamut from malaria to tripli
cate dislocations. The composite car
dinal face was a picture of woe last
night. The athletes had just finished
their first meal at their new retreat and
were hugging a big, cheerful log fire,
trying to force a meed of content out
of a heavy gloom of dissatisfaction.
There was too much of the somber
about the first night at Congress
Springs for a team that has but five
days to condition itself. Yet when all
is considered the cardinal eleven is not
in any abyss of distress. There are
cases of sickness, a number of more
or less serious bruises, but the second
eleven candidates are the sufferers.
McFadden is incommoded by a severe
cold, Erb has incipient malaria, and so
they run from A to B.
Early this morning an unannounced
rain began to fall and continued until
9 o'clock. This transformed a very
heavy dust field into a comparatively
good gridiron, but the least bit slow.
The rain, instead of exciting the down
ward trend of Stanford's spirits to fur
ther effort in the same direction, acted
in a contrariwise manner. With the
call to arms at 9:30 the team had cast
its cloth of sable and in wet suits— due
to exposure to the rain— they trudged
to the field through mud of much
mucilaginous quality. The practice was
given over to preliminary work and
fast, snappy play.
The signal for the last play of the
morning practice had just sounded and
somebody on the side lines began voic
ing praises to heaven that no one was
injured in this period of work when
| the most serious accident that has be
j fallen the team occurred. £.ou Free
man could not rise, for he had dislocat
| ed his shoulder.
Freeman, who started early in the
I season as the probable cervter, but who
! was out of play until a few days ago
> on account of a strained tendon, was
! put in as varsity center yesterday
morning on account of the illness of
j Bigelow. The unfortunate athlete
j would have made the varsity, for he
! played a game at center in the few
minutes of practice which was the best
seen this y.ear. There is just a bare
possibility that medical attendant and
football harness may prove effective in
rounding him into shape.
A physician was sent for from Los
Csat<is. He arrived at the springs an
hour after the accident and now Free
man's shoulder is in a sling.
From the practice two things were
| noticeable— a willingness and revived
; spirit on the part of the players and an
absence of team work. Dole played a
good game at left half; Clinton, who
i played right half, was good, bad and
j indifferent at each successive play.
'' Murphy was himself, making long runs
I and some field goals. Fisher played
fullback, but as Burmeister is rapidly
: gaining the full use of all his football
: powers it is likely that Fisher will go
back to right half and Burmeister to
j full. Jarr.os played left guard for a
| time, but his weakened condition forced
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MAIN AIND WIFE CURED.
ONION HOUSE, SACRAMENTO COUNTY, CAU
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: The Belt reoelved from you sometime ago has proved a Godsend to me. It
has done wonders for me, and has put my wife in better health than she has been for years. She has gained in
strength and feela as good as she could wish. It has completely cured me of weakness and am stroag in every
way. and feel as well as I ever did. The Belt has done what doctors and patent medicines have failed to do. and
think it a cheap cure, as I had spent over. $200 trying to get relief for myself and wife. I feel very grateful, for
God only knows what I suffpred before trying the Belt. I had about given up hope and was sick and tired of
trying different thing* with the same result. I cannot tell you how I feel toward ynu, but will do all I possibly
can to make known the good I have received from your Belt and advice. You can use this letter as you like and
can refer any one to me you« wish, and I will easily prove what I say Is true. \\ ishing your Bolt the success
It deserves, I remain, yours very truly, J- W. YEL.NIC.
BRYANISM OUT OF
NATIONAL POLITICS.
xriTW vnT?K Nov 19 -The Washington correspondent of the
NEW YORK. Nov. i». nlsm ha ve been practically
Herald telegraphs: Bo an ana Republican vic
eliminated from h r^ iO n made to me to-day by Assist
tory in Nebraska *f»*J J^ who has just returned from Ne
braska. where he , took a P^ m^ ,? continue d Mr. Meiklejohn. "that
Nebr^kTwni sssSS? Resident MCKinley> presum "
In&^n h t^lal^h^obabln oty0 ty of his succeeding Mr. Allen in
♦v, SedStafes Senate Mr. Meiklejohn indicated that he would not
the United States benai; He said that according to custom preva
allow th use of h s nam h Platte section was entitled to the seat.
lent 'V from the North Platte section he considered it in the inter
af of public service That his name should not be used. It is well
u?dersto P odtharMr. Meiklejohn will be the successor of Mr. Thurston
two years hence.
him to retire from the field before the
* T™e c^achefwho have come up to as
sist Cross are unanimous in the opinion
that the Stanford eleven is not playing
a- came in which there is concentration
Sr unity The undivided attention of
the coaches will be given toward he
development of these qualities in the
"SuFdoSHS* and "Billy" Harrelsnn
joined the coaching force yesterday
morning, and others are expected from
da The°t a lined up to-day as fol
lows:
gS=::::::::::^%T^%
Rusk.- :::::::: v-\ acM rs cox
James :...L-Guard-R Billow
Freeman Center....... Faton
Blanchard R - I Gua j£~T < Beckett
Park^::::::::::v:R^n^!^v::::::::..23
Parker R-Knd-L T^rkiev
In the afternoon practice Clemens
and Downing strengthened the scrub
eleven, and though not in anything like
condition literally bored holes through
the varsity line. The kicking and in
dividual play was of good quality In
the second practice game, but the same
fault apparent in the morning's prac
tice was displayed in the afternoon.
The coaches looked despondent after
the practice game in the afternoon.
They said to-night that everything was
against the cardinal, but they hope for
something miraculous which would
metamorphose things.
LEGAL FIGHT OVER
SPEEDY "MUCH BETTER"
SAN JOSE, Nov. 19.— Sheriff Lyndon
to-day attached the pacing mare Much
Better in the stable of C. F. Bunch at
Agricultural Park, at the instance of
I. F. Bull of Oakland, who is trying to
obtain possession of the animal. Bunch
raced the mare last season, and had
a written agreement with Bull, by
which he had the option to purchase
her in a given time for $500. During
the campaign the mare showed jarreat
speed and broke the world's four-year
old pacing record for mares, lowering
the time to 2:07^. This made her fa
mous, increasing her reputation and
financial worth.
A short time ago Bunch tendered Bull
the $500 agreed upon, but Bull refused
to sell, saying the mare belonged to his
wife. Bunch then allowed the matter
to go for a time.
Yesterday Bull began suit in San
Francisco to obtain the mare, saying
he had no right to make the agree
ment, as it was his wife's animal. Bull
says Much Better is worth $2000. and
he gave a bond of $4000 to secure the
attachment. The case will be hotly
contested in the courts.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Close of the Fall Race Meeting at
Cumberland.
NASHVILLE. Term., Nov. 19— Last day at
Cumberland. Weather clear; track good. Re
sults :
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Nellie Baker won. Bob Turner second, Salvado
1 Second race, five furlongs, selling— Mouseltoft
c-^2^^jfißfe^ a^^^B^^^^m' \\W\\ * •* ~* l^^_ 111 1 tffUSffJ^^^*
won. Gin Rickey second, Joe Doughty third.
Third ' race, six furlongs-Sim W won. The
Tarcoon second, De Blaise third. Time, 1:16^.
Fourth race, seven furlongs— Manzanita won,
Infellce second, Katie Longfellow third. Time,
1 '30 - "- -V~"
Fifth race, one and a half miles, selling—
Ellsmere won. Jack Hayes second, Nellorine
third. race.' five a*nd a half furlongs, selling—
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Sauterne won, John Boone second. Jesse third.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. Results at Ben
nings:
First race, mile, selling— Ablngdon won. AX
lantue second. The Winner third. Tim<» 1:47 *-8.
Second race, five furlongs, selling— Roysterer
won. Compensation second, Tyrshena third.
Time, 1:04 1-5.
Third race, Felling:, steeplechase, about two
and a half miles— Baby Bill won, Floralii sec
ond. Decapod third. Time, 5:31.
Fourth race, handicap, one and an eighth
miles— Jefferson won. Handsel second, Thomas
Cat third. Time, 1:59 2-3.
Fifth race, six furlongs— won, Tyran
second, Topgallant third. Time, 1:18 3-5.
«> •
FARMERS' INSTITUTE.
Two Days' Session to Be Held in the
Garden City.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 19.— A farmers' in
stitute will be held in this city on Tues
day and Wednesday under the auspices
of the Farmers' Club and San Jose
Grange. Professor D. T. Fowler wiil
conduct the meetings. Many interest
ing papers will be read, and many or
chardists and farmers are deeply in
terested in the institute. The pro
gramme for the two days is as follows:
Tuesday morning, 10 a. m. — "What
Farmers' Institutes Are Accomplish
ing," Prof. D. T. Fowler; "Co-operation
in Drying and Selling Fruit," Henry A.
Brainard; discussion.
2 p. m. — "Conservation of Soil Mois
ture," Prof. R. H. Loughridge; discus
sion by the audience: "Irrigation in
Santa Clara Valley," Prof. C. W.
Childs. Judge J. R. Lewis; discussion;
question box.
7:30 p. m. — Floriculture, -aper and
discussion, Prof. Volney Rattan and
others.
Wednesday, 10 a. m.— "Sugar Beet
Culture,' Prof. D. T. Fowler; "What
May Be Done With Poor Fruit?" S. P.
Sanders; "The Soil and the Plant."
Prof. Loughridge.
2 p. m.— "The Silo." Prof. Fowler;
"Fertilization of Lands," Prof. Lough
ridge: "Carbon Bisulphide, E. M. Ehr
horn: discussion. %
HIGH SCHOOL FOR BEDDING
County Seat of Shasta Gets an Edu
cational Institution.
REDDING, Nov. 19.— A proposition to
'establish a County High School was sub
mitted to the voters of Shasta County
and carried by over a two-thirds vote.
On Friday, by the unanimous vote of tha
Board of Supervisors, the educational in
stitution was located in Redding, the
county seat. Four years ago the same
proposition was submitted to a vote and
carried decisively, but owing to dissen
sions in the Board of Supervisors on sec
tional lines a site for the institution could
not be chosen. The people are jubilant
over the action of the Board of Supervi
sors.
Sued for Breach of Promise.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 19. — Anton Lutz, a
prominent and wealthy broker of this
city has been sued for breach of promise
by Ruth de Haan, formerly of Cleveland,
Ohio, the damages being- placed at $100,
000 The plaintiff is a widow and at pres
ent resides at Chicago.WAS SATISFIED
TO CARRY OFF
JEWELRY-BOX
Burglar in the Hotel
Bertling.
STEALS VALUABLE TRINKETS
BTRS A. C. MORGAN THE VICTIM
IN THE CASE.
No Clew to the Thief, but From His
Manner of Working He Is Not
Thought to Be a Pro
fessional.
The apartments occupied by Mrs. A. C.
Morgan in the Hotel Bertling ai 714 Bush
Street were entered by some burglar or
burglars during her absence on Thursday
afternoon, and the following articles were
stolen: A fourteen-karat "Walih&xn pold
watch, numbered 206H1-5734254; a gold
chain ring, a blue enameled diamond col
lar button, a long chain and two gold
stick phis connected with a chain, the
whole aggregating a value of several hun
dred dollars.
From the fact that the thief took tne
jewelry from the jewel box, which was
lying in the right hand upper compart
ment of the chiffonier, and did not disturb
or ransack anything in the room, it is
thought he was not a professional but
some one who had access to the hotel and
was familiar with it. Some money which
was under a email workbasket alongside
of the jewelry was not taken. It may be
that the thief was either disturbed in
his operations or was satisfied with taking:
the contents of the box. The rooms are
in the back of the house, and two hall
ways must be traversed before reaching
them. It is possible for some one to get
to them without being seen, but not prob
able, as there are several employ»s work
ing in and around the rooms all the time,
among them being the elevator boy and
the chambermaid , but neither of them
saw anything that afternoon to attract
suspicion.
The burglary was committed between
the hours of 1 and 6. Mrs. Morgan, after
eating her lunch, left her rooms at a quar
ter to 1 o'clock to go to the office or the
Etna Insurance Company, where
employed as a stenographer. She is quit*
positive that the jewelry was there then,
i ecause ehe looked at the watch to see
■what time it was. She is not quite sure |
whether the door was locked or
When she came home at 6 o'clock in the
evening she went to look at her watch
again and found it gone, together with the
other trinkets. She immediately trave tne
■>. but no one could trive her any ex
planation. She grieved not so much tor
■■uniary value of thi Jecta
but on account of the . tka at
1 to them, as they gifts
from very dear frieiuis or relatives.
Everything else in tho room waa as she
had left it.
The proprietress of the ) >-el is inclined
to the belief that the thief was one of
several Chinese laundrymi-i: who come in
and go out of the houso at ull houre of the
[Jay. Such a supposition :.'■ plausible from
the fact that no particular notice would j
b« taken of them. In that event it is i
thought that the thief found the door I
open, went quietly ioto tho room and ab- j
Btracted the jewelry. The apartments, j
bt intr in an out-of-the-way part of the
house, would allow him t<> carry on his
us work, and as it only took him
an instant to do it he quietly slipped out
unobserved. Again, he must have known
that the jfwelry box was in the chiffonier,
a? no other drawers were opened, and
there was absolutely no confusion.
The police were notified by Mrs. Morgan
ruay, and detectives have been
placed on the case, but fhere have been
no further developments.
PRESSURE OF BEARS
KEEPS WHEAT DOWN
ENGLAND WILL BUY LARGELY
FROM AMERICA THIS YEAR.
I
Prices Rather High at Present — Bar
ley Market in a Lively
Condition.
The wheat markets of America and j
Europe of late have shown a somewhat j
indifferent nature. The United Kingdom !
and the Continent have been liberally pur
chasers of American wh^at whenever the i
home markets offered concessions, which !
have been many during the past three j
weeks. Stocks of wheat abroad and at j
home are alarmingly small. The flour j
trade continues brisk. Minneapolis mills
ar» running to their full capacity, the i
demand keeping fully abreast with pro- |
ductlon. Country millers throughout the
winter wheat sections have been good j
buyers of spot wheat in the Chicago !
market during the past week. Contract
wheat in public elevators In Chicago is
less than one million bushels, and proba
ably an equal amount is stored in private
POSTUM CEREAL.
HARD DRINKERS.
Three Little lowa Children.
I was a great coffee drinker for years,
and tried often to stop its use, but
could not until I found Postum Food
Coffee. The change was perfectly
easy, for when I had the Postum boiled
long enough It gave me as delicious a
MES. GEO. L. SMITH,
Box 130, Shen andoah, lowa.
cup of coffee as I ever tasted in my life,
ami J could drink all I wanted of It
without the hfart trouble and dizzy
headaches that had followed me for
years. I was always tired when I was
using coffee, and many times have been
told if I would quit coffee I would get
well, but how could I quit? I am wiser
and healthier now, and would not be-
gin to go back to the use of the old-
fashioned coffee, for I enjoy life too
well when I am healthy.
I came pretty nearly being driven
away from Postum the first time I tried
it, but I determined to see that it waa
made right the next rime, and I found
out that it must be boiled, and that's
all there ia to it. We have three little
children, and they can have all the
Postum coffee to drink they want, and
they never fail to want it.
WILL CELEBRATE NEW YEAR AT HOME
Ihe Belgic Departs With a Horde of
Chinese — Officers for Manila,
THE Occidental and Oriental Company's steamer Belgic sailed for the Orient yesterday with 64 cabin and 531
Chinese passengers. Nearly all of the latter were bound home to celebrate the Chinese New Year, and many
more would have accompanied them had there been room on the steamer.
Among the cabin passengers were a number of naval officers who are on their way to join Dewey's fleet.
They were Captain C. C. Con well, who is to assume command of the Petrel at Shanghai; Lieutenants C. E.
Vreeland, J. H. Bull, C. E. Fox, W. P. Elliott. — Rogers and A. P. Niblach; Assistant Engineers J. P. Morton and
W. L. Littlefleld; Ensign H. H. Hough and Dr. L. W. Spratling. One hundred officers are to join the fleet as
quickly as possible and a dispatch boat from Manila is to meet them at Yokohama and take them to their desti
nation. This was the first installment that sailed on the Belgic.
There was weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth over the departure of some of the Chinese passengers.
Thirty or forty of them have never been nearer landing in the United States than the garret over the Mail dock.
Their proof of a right to enter the United States was not sufficient so as the company got tired of feeding them
back they had to go. Two good looking Chinese women and a little Chinese girl with an English bonnet of
flaming scarlet on her head were down to see one of the unfortunates. They kept up a constant chatter until the
gangplank was hauled in and the vessel was backing out into the stream.
The money changer was in evidence and did a rushing business in exchanging two Mexican dollars for one
American. As an American $5 gold piece is worth nearly $13 Mexican he did a very profitable day's work. Every
gangway had one or more of these money changers at it and all of them did well as the Chinese were off for a
holiday and were well supplied with cash.
This will probably be the Belgic's last trip to San Francisco. The schedule of the combined steamship com
panies begins next month and unless there is a #reat rush of business the Belgic will not return.
elevators and ■warehouses. Against this
there is undoubtedly a line of short Bales
aggregating many million bushels of De
cember.
The position is one where manipulation
carried with small risk causes a sharp
advance in the near-by option*. The out
siders, or country, as the term applies,
are short, ■with insiders lung. The final
outcome generally works in favor of in
siders. The anxious demands for Ameri
can -wheat by England, France and Italy
indicates Russia will not sell wheat freely
at prevailing prices. Generally. .Italy
draws upon Russia for wheat supplies in-
I Btead or America. Unless all signs fail,
I the United Kingdom will depend entirely
I upon tho United States for wheat BUBftliefl
! this crop year. This being the case-, pres-
I ent prices are low enough. With the ~ig
i estimated crop, it is wonderful how well
it keeps out of sight. The visible supply
1b much below that of former years, when
the crops were said to be one-third less.
The fact is, last year made holes in the
j aggregate.
The winter season, when crop scares are
| a large factor in shaping prices, is well
upon us. "With any kind ■>!' speculation
other than bear pressure wh< at prlqes
would be higher. Speculators wore beared
out of the market by Leiter's tactics, and
will not venture until th» ir timidity han
worn off. Another feature causing re
straint reflects the fart that wheat once
sold -at 50 cents. One only has to com
?are the country's financial condition ;it
hat period and that now prevailing to
draw fair conclusions. Every year adds
new wheat consumers. Population is in
creasing rather than decreasing; therefore
the world must produce more wheat to
supply the consumptive' demand each
year. Many predict heavy deliveries of
wheat from farmers' hands after January.
It is questionable whether more than the
ordinary amount of wheat remains in
first hands at this Beason of the year. It
is a noteworthy fact every time prices
drop a cent or two foreigners buy every
thing in sight. Exports have been ex
ceptionally large up to date. The Ar
f;entine crops will come onto the market
n January, but will not likely affect
prices more than temporarily.
Wheat in the local market has shown a
downward tendency, which may be at
tributed to the fact that local prices have
been too high as compared with Other
markets. The present price will compare
favorably with those elsewhere. May
wheat around $1 20 does not look dear,
conditions considered.
Barley has boon the gay bird. The
market became oversold, resulting in a
eharp advance, which at present lingers.
It is a question now who will stay trie
longest. The bulls must prepare their
bank accounts to take deliveries on De
cember 1 or sell out before. The bull
crowd do not appear anxious to assume
the undertaking. More barley will be de
livered than is at present anticipated.
Undoubtedly up to December 1 the bulls
will use their strongest efforts to run the
shorts In. They will find a hard job pre
senting them. If they buy too freely they
will load themselves up at high prices,
making their average not one of safety.
The game will be worth watching..
R. E. MULCAHY.
GOLFING IN THE WIND.
S. L. Abbott Wins the Match on the
Presidio Links for the Massive
Drinking Mug.
The enthusiasts of the San Francisco
Golf Club braved the rigors of a westerly
gale yesterday which swept across the
Presidio links. The occasion was a com
petition for a German drinking mug of
massive size.
The competition was won by S. L. Ab
bott Jr. with a total score of S3 points.
Dr. Hibbetts ran him a close second with
99 points. The heavy wind reduced the
number of players and also lowered the
standard of play. The official score fol
lows:
First. Second.
Player— Hound. Round. Total.
Charles Page 51 5S 109
I. W. Byrnes CC E6 122
8. L, Abbott Jr 48 4* 93
Dr. Hibbetts 62 47 99
H. D. Pillsburjr 61 £3 104
William Thomas No returns.
H. Babeock 57 68 115
Charles P. Eels .**.. No returns.
■ ♦ •
Given Time to Plead.
Judfre Carroll Cook yesterday overruled
the demurrer interposed in behalf of
Burns, Swift and O'Brien, now under in
dictment for alleged complicity in frauds
in the purchase of lumber for the School
Department. The defendants were allow
ed until next Saturday to plead.
A(J\*ances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mirslon.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. J. E. Oliver of Stockton is at the
Ruse.
Dr. R. E. Pierce of San Jose is at the
Palace.
Dr. J. A. McGuire of Santa Cruz is at
the Lick.
S. H. Rice, a civil engineer of Ukiah,
is at the Grand.
Lieutenant J. A. Lockwood, U. 8. A., Is
at the California.
J. F. Condon, the Nevada lumberman,
is registered at the Grand.
L. R. Vance, a well-known Vallejo con
tractor, is at the Occidental.
L. R. Poundstone, a well-known mining
man of Canyon, is at the Grand.
J. N. McNulty, a well-known Chicago
merchant, is stopping at the Palace.
C. W. Williams, proprietor of the San
Jose Evening News, is at the Grand.
John H. Mlllzner, a prominent mining
man of Tucson, Ariz., is at the Grand.
State Senator S. C. Smith of Bakers
field is among the recent arrivals at the
Lick.
C. B. Shaver, manager of the Fresno
Flume and Canal Company, is at the
Grand.
E. L. Finlay. editor of the Santa Rosa
Press-Democrat, is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
E. L. Foutch, a prominent Costa Rica
coffee planter, accompanied by his wife,
is at the California.
C. B. Jillson, Assemblyman-elect of the
First District, is at the Grand, regis
tered from Hornbrook.
One of our
prominent down
town business
men Is totally
deaf in the left
ear, but can hear
perfectly well
with the right
SPOKE IN
THE
WRONG EAR.
one. One day he was approached oy a
young gentleman of his acquaintance,
v.ho was aware of the infirmity, but for
got for the time being which ear was the
bad one. So placing his lips to the old
gentleman's left ear he spoke somewhat
as follows, "Say, governor, lend me $10
like the good fellow that you are."
The "governor" told the intending bor
rower that he could not hear with his
left ear and requested him to move
around to the right one, which was in
first-class condition. The young man did
so and made bold by his first attempt he
conceived the brilliant idea of striking his
victim for a higher amount and, carefully
adjusting his mouth to the latter's right,
ear, he boldly said. "I would like you to
let me have $20."
The old gentleman winced on hearing
the request, but being fairly caught, he
handed him the double eagle, at the same
time slyly remarking, "I wish you had
spoken in the right ear in the first place."
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Livermora Is at the
Palace.
J. Marchant, a prominent lone mer
chant, is at the Russ.
F. P. Wright, a prominent merchant of
St. Paul, is at the Palace.
F. A. Boole, a well-known lumber dealer
of Sanger, is at the Grand. •
Dr. W. A. Morse is down from Benicla
and registered at the Grand.
Dr. H. L. Pace of Tulare, accompanied
by his wife, ifl at the Palace.
J. A. Brent, owner of the Ivanhoe mine
at Plymouth, is at the Grand.
E. White, a. prominent Marysville mer
chant, is registered at the California.
J. N. Falk, a prominent New York to
bacco manufacturer, is at the Palace.
Thomas Barry, an extensive cattleman
of Billings, Mont., is a guest at the Russ.
J. R. Bane, proprietor of the Occidental
Hotel at Santa Rosa, is at the California.
William Hayward, U. S. Consul at Hon
olulu, sailed for the islands on the J3elgic
yesterday. He is returning from a busi
ness trip to Boston.
Coroner-e.ect Dr. E. E. Hill was a pas
senger on the steamer Santaßosa yester
day for a ten days' trip to the southern
part of the State. He was accompanied
by his family.
■ ♦ «
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Mr. and Mrs.
George F. Volkmar of San Francisco are
at the Grenobie. H. T. Scott and family
of San Francisco are at the Holland.
Lester L. Morse of Santa Clara Is at the
Imperial.
THE COLLEGE PLAY.
The Football Team Will Be a Feature
of Berkeley's Farce.
The students of the University of Cali
fornia have contemplated extensive prepa
rations for a Thanksgiving college show
and football demonstration to be held at
Odd Fellows' Hall in this city on Thurs
day evening 1 .
The theatricals this year will be a big
event. Nearly a score of student actors
have been in training for some time,
under the coaching of George Hermance.
A farce, "The Football Commissioner
From France," will be presented under
the management of Birney Donnell. There
will be specialties by some of Berkeley's
cleverest monologists, the glee, mandolin
and guitar clubs of the university will
render college selections and there will
be a big orchestra of college musicians.
The farce is a very clever adaptation by
a playwright graduate, and is brimful of
laughable situations. It tells the story of
a Berkeley professor who takes lodgers
and unexpectedly becomes the host of the
football commissioner from France, who
has come from the universities of hia
native country to learn the gTidiron sport
and introduce It to French students.
Amusing complications arise from an
army major's pursuit of his wife, who he
| believes has run away with the young
Frenchman; the latter, however, being in
love with Ucle, the Berkeley beauty,
daughter of the professor. Following is
the cast of characters of the farce:
Major Zoule A. S. Chesebrough
Victor Dubois R. W. Tully
Professor Crusty J. B. Southard
Mrs. Crusty K. B. Harris
Julia M. H. Schwartz
Ucle L- L. Gre«n«
Anna Maria J. W. S. Butler
After leaving college it would be a good
idea for some men to go to school.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dolls-Toys -
Holiday Goods!
We Have the LARGEST, BEST I
and CHEAPEST Stock in the City.
There is only one way to prove our assertion —
Come in and see our
goods — note our prices !
It's no trouble to us to show goods, and we're
sure it will save you money.
WILL & FINCK CO.,
820 Market Street.
Holiday Mail Orders Will Receive Prompt Attention.
MOONDYNE II
SHUTS OUT
MISSION TIP
High-Class Coursing
at Ingleside.
LOSERS AT MERCED RUN WELL
TO-DAY'S CARD A PUZZLER FOR
THE BETTING MEN.
Hareo Are Fleet Despite the Heavy
Ground — Money Played Freely
on Favorites and Few
Short-Enders Win.
The coursing at Ingleside wound up '
yesterday with a splendid run between !
Fox Kinney and Mangus. The time was
on the border of four minutes, and when
the hare slipped under the bars and away ■
from the dogs Fox Kinney had twenty- j
eight points to his credit .and Maiigus had
nine. While this course 'was exceptional,
on account of the maneuvers of the dogs,
It was by no means the only good course |
of the day. There were many of them, j
and a great deal of the fine work was
done immediately In front of the grand ,
stand, eliciting from the backers of the j
different dogs much applause. The aver
age time made was over- a minute, and
the fleet hares succeeded in making their j
escape in many cases. As a rule the hares
are weakened after a rain, and find some I
difficulty in keeping in advance of the
dogs, but the Ingleside people were sur
prised yesterday to find the little animals
sustained the reputation of the park by
their speed and agility.
The successful shurtenders were few.
Odds were lengthened on a number of I
dogs, but this fact did not induce many |
around the betting ring to play them. I
There were no sensations so far as the :
betting was concerned. On a number of i
courses the odds reached fhe 8 to 1 and 10
to 1 notch.
Any one who would attempt to predict
the results of to-day's coursing might un
dertake a task which he could, not suc
cessfully carry out. The dogs are about
equally matched, and the first round will
have to be run off before the entries can
bo picked for the final. Brilliantina is
pitted against American Eagle, and per
haps the latter dog has a little the better
of it. Moondyne ii will meet Bendalong
and will win that course. Hadiwist and
Fox Kinney are last on the card, and the
heavy betting will be done on Hardlwlst.
Moondyne and Flashlight ran a long
course, the time of which was 2:15. Bril
llantine defeated Lorraine by a score of
£1 to 1 and Moondyne performed a similar
act with Mission Tip, scoring 20 while the
latter did not score.
All but one of the dogs which lost hon
ors at Merced were included in yester
day's courses. They all showed up in
good form. The results yesterday were
as follows:
Consolation Stake— P. J. G. Kenna's Jesse
Moore beat A. Massey's Beauty; F. Foley's
Fleetwings beat T. Mcllugh'a Matchless; F.
Moran's Royal Prize beat White Kurth Ken
nels' Dakota; H. McNeil's Sportsman beat D.
Shannon 1 a Gilt Edge; Henry Spring's Willful
beat M. Allen's Miss Alice; Penelope Kennels'
Las PaJmas beat James Byrne's Nellie B;
Henry Spring's Pat Malloy beat Lowe &
Thompson's yuickstltch; O. H. Hoag Jr.'s
J»an Ueraud beat H. A. Deckleman's Pet
Klrby; John Ragan's Mayflower beat Russell
i Wilson's Jennie Wilson; Captain Clarkson's
Lady Jane beat P. Reilly's Jimmle Rlx: Naliy
& Morley's White Diamond beat O'Oonnell
Bros." Senorita; L. Roblnet's Montana beat
Dillon & Reilly's Revolver: T. J. Cronln's RoB6
of Tralee beat D. Hooper's White Rocket; J.
Dean's Mlalmo beat J. Quane's FlajhlUjlit;
Russell & Wilson's Glenrosa beat Dillon &
Reilly's Gf>t There; G. Smart's Sllltwood beat
W Halpln'B Florence.
All-Age Stake— O'Nell & Hanrahan's Promise
Me beat D. J. Healey's Pastime; H. A. Deckle
man's Glen Roy bent J. Murnane's Miss Divi
dend' H. R. Baldwin's Forget beat F. Moran's
Van Kirk; G. Redrty's Bernice beat A. Mc
laughlin's Coolrane; Eclipse Kennels' Innls
fallen beat H. R. Baldwin's Brutus: Larkey &
Rock's Liberty Bell beat T. Hughes' Irene H;
P J G. Kenna's I^awrenoe beat D. Rodger's
Jiiok of Spades; John Eagan's Billy Gladstone
beat T. A. GalTney's Sir John Arnott; Lowe &
Thompson's Phoebe beat J. Farley" b Mystic;
A Johnson's Llssak beat H. R. Baldwin's
Forgive; R. O'Shea's Mickey beat C. D. Tay
lor's Cy P J- G. Kenna's Flyaway beat T. J.
Cronln'"s Iron Duke; J. Dean's Brllllantlne beat
T. A Gaffney's Lorraine: A. Van den Burg-h's
American Eagle beat T. F. Logan's Miss Griz
zle: D. Hooper's Bendalong beat S. Hansen's
L. S. Conley; J. Dean's Mnondyrte II beat J.
O'Dowd's Mission Tip: J. Shea's Young Amer
ica beat Eclipse Kennels' Klllarney Lass; Lowe
& Thompson's High Born Ixidy beat Dr. J.
Welsh's Sharkoy: A. Massey's Hadiwist bea.t
Vina Kennels' Harkaway II: P. J. G. Kenna's
Fox Kinney beat J. Brader's Magnus.
A RES RAN WELL
AFTER THE RAIN.
In a course between Minneapolis and
Santa Alicia yesterday at Union Park the
hare pursued by the dogs when running
at great speed suddenly stopped and fell
dead. Judge Bull said that it was the
first time he had ever witnessed such an
In the sapling stake the course between
Mike Davey and Rock Island King was
given to the last named dog, but It ap
peared to many critical observers that
Davey should have been declared the
winner, as he outpcored his opponent two
to one In the latter part of the contest.
The hares ran very strong, but those who
played the short end did very well, es
pecially in the open stake. The result
cf the day's meeting Is as follows:
Sapling stake— E. & E; Kennel's Typhoon
I pat Santa Rosa Kennel's Lady Ro«e; J. H.
Harrison's Hot Haste beat Santa Rosa Ken
nel's St. Rose; A. & B. KennH'B Rock Island
Kin* beat h. E. de Lopez' Mike Pavey; G. *
H. Kennel's Geraldlne had a bye; A. & H.
Kennel's Mlsf Richmond beat H. H. Gray'e
Terroneit.--; R. E. de Lop»>7.' Sara beat Santa
Rosa Kennel's Brlndle Rose: R. E. de Lopez'
Maodougrall beat H. 11. Gray's Rona; A. & B.
Kennel's Miss Rabbit beat C. W. Warmlngton'B
Kitty Poshn.
Open stake, prizes $100, $75. two $40 each,
eight $15 each, sixteen $7 50 each. Results —
Lamplighter beat Joy Bells; Susie beat Coun
terfeit; Flying Faster beat At Last; Cross
patch beat Van Neetla; Oleen beat Petronlus;
Beauty Spot beat Capadura; Golden Russet
beat Report; Breach of Promise beat Ace of
Clubs; Van Knapp beat Faultless Beauty; Left
Bower had a bye; DenTpeey Lass beat Arrow j
False Flatterer beat Wild TraJee; Gold Hill
beat Trinket; Swinnerton beat Winged Foot;
Vigilant beat Belle of Moscow; Morning Olory
beat Terrona; White Chief beat Emerald: Min
neapolis beat Santa Alicia; Mountain Beauty
.beat Maid of Erin; Woodbyne beat Pocahon
tas; Xewsboy beat Masterpiece ; White Lily
beat Lightning: Little Delight beat Right
B»wer; Walt a Little beat White Tip; Maid of
Bail beat Van dole; Lord Byron beat Magic;
Feldoni bent Green Valley llaid; Arab beat
Amethyst: Ski beat Diana; Magneto beat
Quiver; McKinley beat Eclipse; Tod Sloan beat
Crusader.
COURSING IN MEXICO
WILL BE INAUGURATED.
T. R. Crump, a prominent sportsman
from Mexico, is In this city ostensibly
with a view to purchasing a number of
greyhounds which, it is expected, will
afford amusement to the people of sport
ing proclivities who reside In the city of
bad sewerage.
Mr. Crump stated that owing to the
manner in which the Mexicans and Am
ericans have been fleeced by horse rac
ing Jobbers and other enterprising indi
viduals who Introduced hippodromes of
divers kinds, the sporting fraternity of
the city in which he resides has learned to
become very cautious and will not touch
anything now that savors of crookedness.
He also says coursing will be a novelty
and that after the Mexicans shall have
become familiar with the game large
purses will be given for competition. He
intends to keep the sport clean, as it is
the only way in which It can prosper In
any country.
NOW HE IS A SOLDIER.
Easil Bicketts Enlists in the Regular
Army as a Private.
Basil Ricketts, man about town, trav
eler and Rough Rider, has decided to
adopt the science of arms as his future
profession, and has entered the regular
army as a private soldier. This unexpect
ed news comes from the East through
the medium of one Cora Granger, whose
name has been linked with Ricketts' in
that it has been rumored she is his con
tract wife. Young Ricketts' friends here
were glad when tney heard he had joined
the Rough Riders, and they hoped for a
permanent change for the better in him.
When they read of his bravery before the
walls of Santiago they confidently ex
pected that the reformation had this time
come in earnest and that he had turned
over a leaf for the better. His old weak
ness, however, still held him its slave, and
when he returned to New York and the
Rough Riders were disbanded he began
his customary rounding up of the town
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Specialists for Men.
DR. MEYERS & CO., ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS.
Nervous Debility
and Wasting Weakness.
Dr. Meyers & Co. restore
weak, despondent and de-
bilitated men to strength
and robust and perfect
health. No matter what
may have caused the trou-
ble, these specialists can
quickly gain the mastery.
All cures as lasting as life.
Patients Need Not Pay Until They Are Cured.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have such confidence in their successful remedies
and methods that they will let the patient deposit - the price of a
cure in any bank or with any business house or newspaper in San
ijrancisco, to be paid to them only when a cure is effected. If patients
prefer they may pay for a cure in monthly installments. This is the
fairest proposition ever made by any reputable institution.
Free Consultation and Private Book for Men,
At office or by mail. All dealing and correspondence with
Patients Sacredly Confidential. Thousands cured at home
every year. No Printing on Envelopes or Packages to show who
sent them. Write for question list if you cannot call.
DR. MEYERS & CO,
731 MARKET STREET, San Francisco.
TnlrQ pi , / «4- ri »,'|HOURS-8 to 12, I to 5 daily.
1 ciKG JCieValOr. I , Evenings, 7. to 8. Sundays. 9to 11.
He was a well-known member of the stock
exchange, and on Saturdays, particularly, would
find himself in a state of collapse. A cocktail
would have helped him, perhaps, but he finds that
if he swallows a Ripans Tabule when he takes
his seat in the surburban train, it rests and warms
the stomach, and in fifteen minutes imparts a
quieting effect to the nerves that is very erratic
fying — there is no recoU
and continued at it until all his money
was gone. Then his friends deserted him.
and, being without a penny, he presented
himself to a mustering officer and was
sworn into the service. This may be the
end or the beginning of the true romance
of his life; but whatever is the sequel to
Ricketts' new departure, his many friends
here hope for the best for him and tnat
he may yet redeem himself.
Private Charles L Tuthill of the Enei
neer Corps, who was sent here from Ma
nila as being insane, was yesterday ex
amined by a board of medical officers ana
adjudged to be insane. He will be sent
to the sanitarium at Washington, D. C.
under a guard of five men. Tuthill haa
made several violent attempts to raise a.
racket since he has been confined in the
Presidio guardhouse, and is considered . a
dangerous man.
HIS CHIME NOT FORGOTTEN.
Louis Siminoff Arrested for a Burg
lary Committed Two Years
Ago.
Louis Siminoff, a young man ■well con
nected in the city, is in "the tanks" at
the City Prison and will be charged wth
burglary. He was arrested Friday by
Detectives Ryan and ODea,
About two years ago Siminoff was em
ployed as- elevator boy at the Wilson
House, Mission street. One of the board
ers, Dr. ffcirtley, had a valuable collec
tion of silk underclothing and other arti
cles in his trunks which were stored in
the cellar. He had collected them during
his travels abroad and valued them at
$500. The trunks were broken open and
emptied of their contents.
Siminoff disappeared about the same
time and went to New York after dis
posing of the articles. The police were
notified and a portion of the ptolen prop
erty was recovered in a pawnshop at 248
Third street.
Siminoff returned to the city a few days
ago and Friday morning Ryan and ODea
.<aw him In a pawnshop at 213 Third
street. He had a bundle with him which
contained a number of mortice locks,
window fasteners and door handles,
which were evidently stolen from some
building. The detectives have been en
deavoring to ascertain the owner of the
stolen locks before booking Siminoff on
the charges of burglary. They have not
vet succeeded. They are supposed to
have been stolen from a house on Her
mann street, near Clinton.
Custom House Appointments.
Collector Jackson has appointed Charles
B. Edward aB messenger from the eligible
list; Daniel A. Stivers, a sampler, pro
moted to an Inspectorship, and S. M. Da
vi«on as charman in the Custodian's
office.
Contracted Ailments,
Blood Poison, Etc,
Men who are troubled
with any of these afflic-
tions should consult Dr.
Meyers 6c Co. Disease re-
cently contracted, or
chronic, painful and dan-
gerous from bad treatment
or neglect, quickly and per-
manently cured.
910
FILLY STAKE
WAS CAPTURED
BY HUMIDITY
Won Driving From
Ordinary Company.
IMP. MISTRAL A BIG SURPRISE
HAN" AWAY PROM MORELLITO
AND BLACK OSTLER JOE.
# i
A Carload of Coin Burned Up on Reno
in the Steeplechase — Is
Fast — Three Favorites
First.
Cold, disagreeable weather, a freckled
racing card and a track that was dry and
sloppy in spots were some of the impedi
ments that confronted lovers of equine
sport at Ingleside yesterday. Reversals
und dumps were not unexpected, but the
talent managed to more than hold its
own. Of the favorites that took to the
woods Headwater. Ostler Joe and Reno
carried off the must coin with them.
The San Francisco stake for two-year
old flllles at six furlongs was the special
feature of the card, but proved a tame
affair. Barney Bcbreiber's flying daugh
ter of Hlmyar, Miss Marion, has not yet
become acclimated, and the Burns &
TVaterhousc stable substituted Humidity
for Mid Jove. The former filly had Thorpe
TORTONI'S BAD FALL AT THE THIRD JUMP.
in the saddle and was installed a warm
1 to 2 favorite. A warm tip circulated on
Reina de Cuba, cutting her price from 10
to 4' 2 to 1, sent the odds against the tirst
choice up to 4to 5. Klizabeth R and Jin
gle Jingle were the only other starters.
When sent away to a pretty start
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Saturday, Nov. 19, 1898.— Sixth day of
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track muddy.
EDWIN' F. SMITH. Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
Weight. [St.
%m.
'.im.
%m.
Str.
. Horse.
(208) Obsidian 109
l^S Almoner 110
... Stamina 108!
160 Sam McKeever 108
22. r . Ltmewater wai
202 Headwater 111!
i
1 1
S 3
4 3
2 1
1 1
3 2
4 4
5
2 %
1 1
4 4
3 1
5
1 2
2 3
3 h
4 2
(Thorpe
Jones
|J. Reifr
Powell
jEverson
Shields
3
15
G
10
8-0
13-
•Left.
Time. 1,03. Winner. Burns & Waterhouee's br. c. by imp. Stromboli-Clara L.
start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Almoner ran well, but was slightly outclassed. McKeever was interfered with by
water. Limewater has lost his form.
2 SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
• purse. $400.
maiden
three-year-olds
and
upward;
Horse. Age. Weight. ,
Hm.
%m.
Str.
1&3 Inverary 11, 3 109 J 4 2 1 2 2 310 14 14 Everson |6-
193 Pongo, 3 112: 6 Ih 11 11 2 3 24 Holmes
... Sokombeo, 4 114:1 f. 4 2 I>4 2 >,» 3 6 320 Rutter
... Yorick, 4 114. 3 6 6 6 .'144 Walnright.... 1
217 Filou. 4 122; 5 41 66 52 6 51 Rfctor ! 1
224 Durward. 4 114 2 BMi _ 4 3 4 3 4^2 6 Shields ...
Time— l:3l'«. Winner. 1,. G. Smith's br. g. by imp. Inverness-Miss Darebin.
start Won first three driving.
Inverary dislikes mud but class pulled him through. Sokombeo was backed by
smart ones. He may Improve. Injrward is a poor betting proposition.
Evrrson
Holmes
Rutter
Walnright
Rector
5-6
3
10
15
3
[Shields
000 THIRI) RACE— One mile; Bpeoial; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
:. Horse. Age. Wfight...St
%m.
%m.
\m.
Ktr.
Jockeys.
Imp. Mistral 4 IW 2
Morellito. 3 1051 1
Ostler Joe. 5 i!t
1 1
2 n
3
1 1
3
1 1
3
1 %
2 h
3_
1 1 iPiggott
2 1«4 [H. Martin ....
3 [Thorpe
5
2
3-3
Time— l:42%. Winner. Earnshaw Bios.' eh. h. by Florentine-imp. Close the Door. Good
start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Mistral won easily. He is an iron horse. Joe was outrun from the jump. Morellito
finished well.
*>A FOURTH RACE- Six furlongs; two-year-olds; the San Francisco Stakes-
O*T» $1200.
value.
:.. Hone.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
?im. Str.
(169) Humidity 115; 3
218 Elizabeth R 103: 1
<184) Jingle Jlngl^ 110] 4
(218) Reina de Cuba 11. 2
1 h
4
2 2
3 2
1 hi
4
2 1
3 2
1 h
4
■■'■ Vx
2 2
1 n
2 4
3 %
•iiiurpe
Jones
Huttfr
H. Martin....
1-2
6
1
8
4-5
9-2
9-2
Tim*. 1:16%. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. by Hindoo-imp. Calphurnla. Good
start. Won first three driving
Humidity was all out. Elizabeth is a slow beginner. Jingle -Jingle was in the sloppy
Soing all the way. Cuba >i<Ht :.»ar the end.
OK FIFTH RACE— Streplot hase; short course; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Horses. Age. Weight.
1 J.
SJ. W. J.
L. J.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
ling.
Cl.
62 Huntsman, a I.">H; 1 3>i 3 3 IS 110 110 iShepard 1 4
165 San Carlos, 3 12512 2 2 26 24 2 2 2 il^nJiart 10 1»
217 Filou, 4 129| 5 • MrAullffe ...'. 20 15
... Reno, a IG4' 3 IJa .11 11 • Kllisr.n 1 4.5
til TOrtonl, «. IS4[ 4 4 t jMerritt ....... 6 4
•Ran out. tFell.
Time, 4:09. Winner, P. Herzog'g b. g. by Prince of Xorfolk-Haidee. Good start Won
easing up.
Reno would have walked in had he not run out. Was very rank. Huntsman had noth-
ing to beat.
I 1
O
5
h
4
3 %
2 2
*
1 h
4
. I .
2 5
. ii
t
3
2 4
i 1
1 S
2
1 10
2
1 10
2
r»ijej>aru
I>>nhart
MfAuiifre ....
Kills;. n
Merritt .......
1 4
10 12
20 15
1 4-5
J 4
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs: selling;
.; purse. $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
',4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
i 197) Amasa, 3 1(
221 Mainstay. 6 1
:--'s First Call. 3 !
:'2S Flora Hawks. 3 !
212 Mocorito, 3 1(
■liiminum, :i !
... Churea. 4 li
217 Juanlta. 4 X
1
5
3
2
7 .
4
6
•
1 h
6 6
6 h
2 10
4 h
3 1
7 -
1 3
4 1
5 h
2 6
6 20
3 h
7
1 3
3 8
2 1
6 20
* >4
7
12
21
3 1%
4 2
5 2
6 20
7 '
... |
...
Powell
H. Martin....
J. Reiff
J. Woods
E. Jones
Ward
Bullman
8-5 4-6
8-5 5-2
5 9
12 20
7 9
It . 25
20 60
20 40
Frawley
•Lett ; ...... . i ~ ■■ ■ •- ! ...,-,. . —
Time.. 1:03. Winner. Crane '&• Owens' b. g. by Captain Al-Lady Intruder. Good start
Won easily. Second and third driving-. >.•,*;
Amasa gains courage with every race. Flora Hawks will do In. less fashionable com-
r*ny. Mainstay vai outfooted first part. First Cadi will win over a longer distance.
Thorpe immediately sent Humidity to the
front, and although she was tiring fast at
the end, lasted long enough to beat the
I tardy coming Elizabeth R a good neck in
1:16%. Reina de Cuba tired badly the last
part, being beaten for the show by Jingle
I Jingle. .
Probably more interest was centered in
I the mile special, In which Ostler Joe, Mo
' rellito and imp. Mistral faced the barrier.
The black horse from Montana, with 114
pounds on his back, was a top-heavy fa-
I vorite, and his downfall caused a world
of grief. Mistral 11. the iron horse, had
many friends, who snapped up the 5 to 1
offered about him. Morellito -was the
lightest backed of the trio. The result
was a surprise. Piggott assumed the lead
with Mistral and stayed there to the end,
winning easily from Morellito in I:42**.
The favorite was outfooted through the
stretch. .
The Burns & "W'atorhouse stable took
I the opening event. a five furlong sprint for
two-year-olds, with Obsidian, second
choice in the betting. The brown colt
1 hung to Almoner to the stretch, where he
I drew away from that youngster, winning
!by a couple of lengths. Headwater, the
I 2 'to 1 favorite, was left at the post with
Henry Shields on his back.
Frank Van Ness' Inverary had nothing
1 much to beat in the seven furlong run,
and though he sprawled about in the
; slippery going on the backst retch, went
to the front in the run home, winning
easily from Pongo. A hot . tip caused
quite an extensive play on Sokombeo
from P. Ryan's stable, but he proved a
huge disappointment, running third.
Everybody picked Reno as a "moral"
for the steeplechase, and a carload of
coir, went up in smoke on the chestnut
jumper. He was plunged on at odds of
6 to 5 and even money, and after taking
three jumps in front both he and Ellison
ran off the course. Tortoni let Merritt
down with a thud at the second obstacle,
leaving it to Huntsman to win as he
liked from San Carlos. The winner re
ceeded in the betting from 8 to 5 to 4 to 1.
The fast gelding Amasa seems unbeat
able at the short sprinting distances. In
the final live furlong spin his odds were
played down from S to 5 to 4 to 5 and won
all the way. ••Skeets" Martin on Main
stay managed to get up in time to get
the place, beating First Call a length.
•
Track Notes.
Charles Boots yesterday disposed of The
Fritter at private sale.
Charley Thorpe made his reappearance
in the saddle, piloting two winners.
Ellison, the rider of Reno, was fined
$25 by Starter Caldwell for misbehavior
at the post.
Riley Grannan sprinkled some coin
about th-e ring all three ways on San
Carlos, which finished second in the
steeplechase.
The first gentlemen's race will be given
on Thursday next. Thanksgiving day. It
will be a handicap for a purse of $500.
Entries close on Monday and the weights
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
will be announced on Wednesday. In
future at Ingleside track one race for
gentlemen riders will be given during
each meeting.
The Baldwin sale of yearlings took place
at Occidental Horse Exchange last even
ing before a large concourse of horse
men. Auctioneer Ed Lowery was in good
voice and succeeded in getting some very
fair prices. Twenty-six colts, fillies and
geldings were disposed of at an average
of $138 per head. The purchasers and
prices obtained were as follows:
B. g. by Emperor of Norfolk-Rosebud,
5475, Fred Edwards: b. g. by Emperor of
Norfolk- Violette. $225, J. H. Corley; eh. g.
by Emperor of Norfolk-Seven Up, $150, F.
M. Taylor; b. f. by Emperor of Norfolk-
Florentine, 51f)0, W. P. Magrane; eh. g. by
Honduras-Lady Bess, $100. Joe Langen
dorfer; b. g. by Honduras-Santa Anita,
$IV>. J. Conway; b. g. by Honduras-Aritta,
$100, A. P. Hooker: eh. g. by Honduras-
La Veticola, $100. C. A. McDonald; b. g.
by Honduras-Belinda, $100, O. W. Cahill;
b. g. by Honduras-Ensenada, $100, Dan
Honig; eh. f. by Honduras-Ruby Payne,
$95, H. McAuliffe; eh. f. by Honduras-
Calavera. $55, F. Miner; b. f. by Amigo-
La Colorado, $125. L. McArthur; b. f. by
Amigo-Fame, $375, C. A. McDonald; b. f.
by Amigo-Martina 11, $150, C. Stenzel; b. f.
by Santiago-Chloe A, $IK,, W. P. Magrane;
b. f. by Santiago-Gloretta, $130, C. Stenzel;
b. f. by Santiago-Florilla, $100, Dan Honig;
br. g. by Verano-Hook Blonde, $40. Dan
McCarthy; b. or br. f. by Verano-Leola,
$100, A. H. Rooker; b. g. by Gano-Clara S,
$100, A. H. Rooker: lir. g. by Cerlto II-
Santa Anita Belle. $I<X). H. McDonald; eh.
g. by Cerito 11-Orange Leaf, $100. Amos
White; eh. g. by Chesterfield-Savannah,
$100, Dan Honig; eh. f. by Chesterrteld-
Mlss Baldwin. $115. A. H. Rooker: eh. g.
by Islington- Vera 11. $125, Dan McCarthy.
The yearlings by Ormonde, the horse of
the century, will be sold to-morrow even
ing by Killip & Co. at their" salesyard,
Market street and Van Ness avenue.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
Vampires and Sailors Scored Two
Goals Each at Golden Gate
Yesterday.
On the Goldwn Gate ground yesterday
afternoon the Vampire Association foot
ball team played a match against a team
of sailors from the steamship Moana. E.
Hunter had sufficiently recovered from
the injury to his knee to be able to play,
but was not up to his usual vigorous
form. The Rev. Mr. Fullerton of the \
Seamen's Institute, being able to put only
half a team In the field, the Vampires
loaned the sailors enough men to make up
a side of nine. Fry kicked off for the
bailors. The ball was most pf the time
in the sailors' territory, the wind being
with the Vampires. The Bailors' coal.
however, though often in danger, was not
successfully assaulted for some time,
when Coles landed one between the posts.
The first half ended without further score.
Vampires 1 goal, sailors 0.
On resuming play the sailors had the
westerly goal to defend and with the wind
In their favor pressed the Vampires some
what harder. However, coles m;u
to place another goal to the credit of the
Vampires. Then C. Williamson, who did
not play at all up to his usual good-form,
secured the ball and, almost unaided,
dribbled in through the posts. Score:
Vampires 2 goals, Sailors 1. Not long aft
terward B. Hunter put the ball through
a second time for the sailors. No further
score being made on either side the game
ended in a tie. Vampires 2 goals, Sail
ors 2.
The teams were made up as follows:
Vampires. Position. Sailors.
J. M. -Punnet t <_}oalk»eper J. Lenox
J. D. Robertson.... Back H. C. Cooper
G. I. Bauj?h Halfback W. G. Selwood
J. B. Huffgan Halfbaok C. Williamson
G. S. L,fu-kle I>eft forward J. Faraday
H. W. !>>-.■ I,eft forward D. H. Fry
G. T. S. White (."enter E. H. Card
H. E. Punnett night forward K. Hunter
C. P. Coles Right f'wj.ll. W. Westerfeld
Referee— A. E. Acklom.
The Vampire eleven, which will go up
to Redding to play against the Keswick
team, will be made up about as follows:
J. M. Punnett, goalkeeper; J. McGaw and
W. G. Selwood, backs; J. B. Duggan, G.
1. Bauch and G. S. Lackie. halfbacks:
H. E. Punnett, G. T. S. White. H. \Y.
Dye, C. P. Coles and J. P. Robertson.
AN ELEPHANT AND A BABf.
There's an easy going citizen of this
town who swears by all that is holy th;U
a certain newspaper published in this city
will never cross his threshold as long as
he lives. The proprietor uf the paper in
question and the aforesaid citizen were
bosom friends until a short two weeks
ago, when a certain something happened
which made them strangers. And it was
all on account of a would-be facetious
newspaper man.
Here's how the story runs: This easy
going citizen, whom for convenience sake
we will call Robinson, attended some sort
of an entertainment about a fortnight
ago, at which a toy baby elephant was to
be raffled off and given to the most popu
lar man in the community. Robinson's
friends were at the entertainment in
force, and toward lo o'clock in the even
ing it became apparent that the baby ele
phant would go either to Robinson or a
prominent uptown brewer, who at the
hour mentioned led Robinson by nine
votes.
Just at this time, and when the voting
was going merrily on, Mr. Robinson was
handed a telegram. Quickly tearing open
the envelope, he scanned the contents and
then with an abrupt "Good night" left
the hall.
At 11 o'clock the voting ceased. Robin
son had won the elephant by six votes.
. On account of the lateness of the hour
it was determined not to send the ele
phant to Robinson's mansion until some
time next day. A newspaper man who
was present volunteered to take the toy
around, and with the remark that he'd
facetiously mention in the morning paper
the fact of Robinson winning the ele
phant, he departed.
> Before Mr. Robinson had reached home
summoned by the telegram. Mrs. Robin
son had given birth to a bouncing boy
and Robinson too delighted to sleep staid
up the entire night celebrating.
Going into the breakfast room the next
morning he picked up his paper, as was
his wont, and scanned the columns. In
a second his face became red, then white
and his lower jaw dropped. Among the
small items of news Mr. Robinson read
the following, put there by the facetious
reporter, who thought only of the raffle
of the night before:
"Mr. Robinson of North street had an
addition to his menagerie last night
Do you wonder Mr. Robinson' was
angry?— Philadelphia Press.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
WITHOUT PASSPORTS.
One of the commonest and most melan
choly sights you may encounter on the
Russian- frontier Is the compulsory return
ing of people traveling without passports
Till the frontier Is reached they are all
right; but there the state steps in and
sends them back Hnder escort .to their na
tive town or village. Tramps and people
ST. MARY'S PLAYERS
FAILED TO SCORE
Footballers From Santa Clara Simply Devoured Their Opponents
From Across the Bay, Making Fifty-four Points to Nothing.
There was a^ clash of arms and legs
at Central Park yesterday afternoon
between the gridiron warriors of the
schools of St. Mary's and Santa Clara.
When the unequal "set-to" was over
a search was made for the final score
and it was found that the "barber
poles" from Santa Clara had the sat
isfactory total of 54 points to their
credit, while the men of the "forbid
den-necktie-strlpes" had failed to con
nect at any stage of the game. In
consequence the sum of their energies
and efforts was a large and imposing
zero. ]t was the annual game be
tween the two Institutions ami both
schools brought their bands with
them, but only one set of the brass
musicians returned. The Santa Clara
band presided at the obsequies and
blew a fitting funeral manrh for the
vanquished. The two bands occupied
places in the same stand and ltred
of doubtful character who have been for
bidden to live in the capitals supply by
far the largest contingent and are a pro
duct of that specific Russian administra
tive measure, the interior passport sys
tem. Every adult Russian subject must
possess one of these documents, which
have to be renewed every year. Without
a passport ho cannot travel, stop at any
house of entertainment or at th* houses
of his friends, for the first thing that
takes place upon hi.s arrival is an inter
view with the "dvornik" or house porter,
who comes to take his papers for examin
ation to the police station.
Any one harboring a person without pa
pers of identity is liable to be prosecuted,
a fine of $250 being imposed for a tirst of
fense, and imprisonment may follow for
further breaches of the law. Those who
have lost their papers, either designedly
(as often happens in the case of criminals
and otiier suspicious characters) or by ac
cident, and will not or cannot prove th«-ir
Identity at the place of their apprehen
sion, or through the medium of the post
and telegraph, are detained by the au
thorities. If sufficient evidence cannot be
established by the usual means in such
cases, the delinquent is forwarded ad
ministratively to his domicile for person
al identification under the convoy of sol
diers. The typical representatives of the
class are clad for the great part in tat
ters (in extreme cases the government
provides clothes'i. and have scant baggae,
consisting maybe of a small bundle, a
tin teapot, a pair of spare boots and a
loaf of bread.
TALKING AND WALKING.
A small crowd was watching a workman
high up on one of the pillars of the Court
of Honor. The assemblage included an in
dividual with a very low collar and very
long neck, the latter seemingly stretched
almost to the snapping point as itf "■wner
watched the deft worker in white aoove
him. Suddenly the neck uncoiled itself
and the head came down to a speaking
position. "Funny what fools people are."
the man began. "Thousands and thou
sands of 'em will soon come for miles and
miles—and what for? Just to see a lot of
men a-walkin"! Human nature likes pa
rades—if it can't parade itself it wants to
Fee others, as the next best thing. I'll
bet that every man that marches wishes
he had the glorious privilege of seem'
himself and—" "He's no worse than the
man who wants the glorious privilege of
hearing himself," broke in a little man in
a neat check suit. The crowd smiled au
dibly. The man with the cynical convic
tions snorted in disgust and once more
directed his gaze at the deft worker in
white.—Philadelphia Record.
ADVERTISEMENTS. "" ~~ —
. : fik o o Light . .
N^jto.4 Refresh meets
3V"" ... Salads, Ice Cream, Dainty
•n^ >A;-^A ;-^ i^OTfeA "''"* '^. Desserts and Light Refreshments
'V °^ all kinds served — and at
il^^^^^^M^^p^ Steaks, Chops, Game, Oysters
\^ ; v I^^^^^^^^Xv. and almost com Plete biil of fare,
spreckels Rotisserie,
JOHN J. SiSNON. :'; / ALBERT WOLFF. Isth Floor, Call Building.
blank rounds at each other at short
range.
Outside of the contest between the
two bands there was little else to
amuse the spectators. Santa Clara
gave a good exhibition of how to push
a good thing along, while St. Mary's
cleverly demonstrated that they could
not pass a primary examination on the
rudiments of the same. It was not
their fault, however, f^r individually
they showed grit, but they had been
badly coached.
There was a delay before the game
commenced because an umpire and
referee could not be found who would
be satisfactory to Coach Frick of St.
Mary's. After making a number of
objections he finally agreed to Mesrs.
Taylor and Kennedy, and the same
began just one hour late with the ball
in Santa Clara's possession ami St.
Mary's defending the southern goal.
McQuay kicked off and Huff was
thrown in his tracks. Then St. Mary's
lost the ball on downs and Coward
took it around Butler for a touchdown.
This was the beginning- of tho end. and
the warriors from Santa Clara com
menced the business of piling up
points in earnest. They wont through
St. Mary's line at will and around hr-r
ends as if they were taking- some
pleasure, stroll. Coward. Oarnot and
the line pluggers made a show of their
opponents. St. Mary's hardly ever had
the ball except on the kick off. and
then they always lost it on downs.
When the men from Santa Clara had
a safe lead they showed a snirit of
generosity and kicked the ball often
to give their opponents a show and
make the game more open. It was a
Bad case of being hopelessly outclassed
from start to finish, and before the
contest was one-half over all interest
in It was lost. For. St. Mnia-'s the only
semblance of playing waaL done by
Harlow. who in the second half was
substituted for McQuav at fullback.
He hit the line hard and for gains and
POLICEMEN
TO HAVE AN
ELECTION
An Interesting Time
Promised.
MANY TURN POLITICIANS
FOUR TICKETS ALREADY IN
TH£ FIELD.
Lively Squabble for the Presidency
of the Widows' and Or
phans' Aid Asso
ciation.
Dissension reigns in the Police Depart
ment, not because the members are op
posed to each other, but because an im
portant election which vitally interests
the police is about to take place. The an
nual election of officers of the Widows'
and Orphans" Aid Association will be held
on December 11, and a warm time is ex
pected.
There are already four tickets in the
field. The regular ticket is headed by-
Jack Butterworth. the Adonis of the de
partment. Butterworth has many friends
who predict that he will be elected by a
large majority. Another ticket which is
tackled ;is if he knew what he was
doing. .Xihil and Kelly, on the ends.
k'.llci any chance that St. Mary's
might have had. for they were always
well down the field on the kick? and
no grains were made around their ends.
St. Mary's line was lamentably weak
and their interference seemed to be
utterly unable to form, in fact it scat
tered to the winds and was every
where except with the runner. There
was no appreciable difference in weight
between the two teams, but there was
a decided difference in the knowledge
of tho game of football as it is played
to-day, and in consequence St. Mary's
efforts amounted to little more than
a farce. The line-up was:
St. Mary. Position. Santa Clara.
Mcrice Center Sj I via
McDonough (C). R— Guard— L McKlnnon
Brady I^— Guard— K Graham
K. Porter R— Tackle— L Gaffey
A. Porter L— Tackle— R Garrard
Mapuire R— End— L Nihil
Hutler I^— End— R Kellv
"Welsh R— Half— l, (C. ) Coward
Huff fc— Halt— R Garnot
Soramers Quarter O'Connor
Adam Fullback McQuay
or Harlow
Referee, Howard P. Taylor: umpire. Jack
Kennedy: linesmen. Messrs. Flood and
Handy. Touchdowns— Coward 5 Garnot 3,
Garrard 1, McGee I. Goals— McQuay S.
Safety— Santa Clara. Score— Santa Clara
54, St. Mary 0. Halves— 3o minutes.
stamped "Non-Partisan." is headed by
Detective Arnot Bainbridge. t-ie clever
sleuth, whose faculty for remembering
faces has made him famous throughout
the country. The "opposition" ticket is
championed by Sergeant Scotty Campbell
the humorist of the Seventeenth-street
Station. Campbell, before he was ap
pointed a member of the police depart
ment, did politics with Chris Buckley
and on account of his experience as 'i
votemaker is hopeful of victory. The
■' "r>ns.)lidation ticket" is headed by E. F.
Leonard, whose beat is on Montgomery
street.
Leonard is equally confident of victory
and his friends are betting that he will
beat Butterworth. According to the poli-
Udans of the denartment, however But- I
terworth has a walkover.
The various tickets are posted in con- i
spicuous places in the various police sta- '
tions. and the "artisans of the different I
candidates are working like ward politi- j
dans to elect their respective candidates. !
Captain "VVittman has issued instructions !
that no unfair advantage is to be taken
of any of the candidates. "Let the best
man win," is his motto, and the officer
who is caught doing "dirty politics" will
find himself in disgrace.
"Handsome" Willie Smith, the terror of
evildoers south of Market street, was im
portuned by his associates to get into the I
fight, but modesty prevented him lie is '
a personal friend of Butterworth and is
doing all in his power to elect him.
As the name of Sam Rankin clerk of
the Central station, is on all the tickets ;
his election for treasurer is assured" i
Rankin has been treasurer of the assocla- '
tion for a long time, and is held in high I
esteem by his fellow-officers
STRUCK BY LIGHT-HNG 200 TIMES.
A very singular record ig attached to a
deserted and ruined house at Dartmoor
England. It was built about forty years
ago by a wealthy land owner. w"ith the
intention of making it his country resi
dence, but before the building operations
were completed a heavy thunder storm
broke over Dartmoor and the house was
Btruck by lightning, the roof being di%
mantied. The damage was repaired and
the house quickly finished. No sooner
had the owner taken up his residence in
it than another violent storm struck the
house and destroyed a chimney stack do!
ing. besides, considerable damage Thi*
made the owner nervous and he "left the
house. It was soon shown that his fears
were not groundless, for in nearly every
thunder storm that has passed over the
district the house has been struck and a
fresh portion of it destroyed. Altogether
it has been struck over 206 times ll ° Bel - ner
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nJEIRfpiSET
'-- / -
SOME FACTS REGARDING THE RAPID
INCREASE OF HEART TROUBLES.
Do Not Be Alarmed. But Look for tho
Cause.
Heart troubles, at least among Amer-
icans, are certainly increasing and
while this may be largely due to the
excitement and worry of American bus-
iness life, it is more, often the result
of weak stomachs, of poor digestion.
Real, organic heart disease is incur-
able;, but not one-case in a hundred of
heart trouble is organic.
The close relation -'•ween heart trou-
ble and poor digestion is because both
organs are controlled by branches of
the Same great nerves, the Sympathetic
and Pneumogastric. •
In another way, also the heart is af-
fected by that form of poor digestion,
which causes : eras and fermentation
from half-digested food; there is a feel-
ing of oppression and heaviness in the
chest caused by pressure of the dis-
tended stomach on the heart and lungs,
interfering with their action; hence
arises palpitation and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
makes it thin and watery, which irri-
tates and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble is to improve the digestion and
to insure . the prompt assimilation of
This can best be done by the regular
use after meals, of some safe, pleas-
ant and effective digestive preparation.
like Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which
may be found at most drug stores ai 1
which contain valuable, harmless di-
gestive elements In a pleasant, conven-
ient form.
It is safe to say that the regular, per-
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tan-
lets at mealtime will cure any form cf
stomach trouble except cancer of tna
stomach.
Full sized package of the tablets sold
by druggists at 50 cents.
Little book on stomach troub^a
mailed free. Address Stuart Co., Mar-
shall, Mich.
! Dissolution of Co-Partnership Sale.
;Q $125,000 ;
• Mi Worth of
§$125,000
Worth of
s^ Fine Shoes
I WsK*B^>± TO BE
■\^C^ \**4^ : SOLD AT
%^IM% LESS THAN
"^*K MANUFAC-
• 'V^ ' VS. TURER'S
— L^ COST.
LADIES' VICI KID LACE
SHOES,' new coin toe, fair-
etitched soles, all sizes and CO If\
widths, reduced to . tj?^»lvf
LADIES' FINE VICI KID
SHOES, lace or button, kid or
cloth top, new coin toe. flexible
soles, all sizes and widths, re- <3? I C^
i duced to <J>l*OO
LADIES' VICI KID LACE
SHOES, silk vesting top, new
coin toe, all sizes and widths, QQ £>ft
reduced to 0-6«Oll
CHILDREN'S PEBBLE GOAT
SCHOOL SHOES, sizes 8% to 12'^, re- £J/SJ/-»
duced to.. .• •- - VJOW
INFANTS' PATENT LEATHER Q^r*
SHOES, reduced to <U*3\*
The above are but few of the BIG BAR-
GAINS now being offered in all the depart-
ments during this sale.
Country Orders Solicited. Telephone Jessie 1837.
THE MONARCH SHOE CO,
1346 and 1348 Market St.
1898-TAXES-1098
Notice is hereby given that the first
: installment of real estate taxes nd all
unpaid personal property taxes, includ-
ing balance due from those who have
already paid the Assessor, will be delin-
'■' quent and 15 per cent added on MON-
j DAY, November 28, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS received after SATUR-
i DAY EVENING, November 26.
Office open FRIDAY AND SATUR-
DAY EVENINGS, November 25 and
26, from 7to9p. m. . .
- , JAMES N. BLOCK,
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
i\AF TBf Full Set of Teeth
VjVVI Mj / B tJL, extracting free $500 op
» l jjiffiLir Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
"lirV-^SsCr V" Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
*? £~--WSlßl&rr>Q Open Kvenings & SundßT»
ST^sJ?Ms££^ van VROOM
~^*jK» TsV%!r Electro Dental Parlors
f;, *1» IT^ Sixth and Market
w Dr. Q W. Klelsar, Prop.
/TJT^X LADIES DO YOU KNOW
£ %*A DR * FELIX LE I
*y<f *\ Steel I Pennyroyal Treatment
I ' 1 ie the original and only FRENCH,
i f safe and reliable cure on the mar-
y '-i^ket. Price, $1.00; sent by mail.
& \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBE.NDER & CO., Sole Agents.
214 Kearny st., San Francisco.
Ti St 11 0 - BJ'IaH men roust bo
-^J? Co. a a %jr a&ilvUJ 1 k^' »s'^'
THE HOWIE REMEDY K( JSf n /^;
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS 3 W%°
wring. For all th«« puns, irregularities iod difficulties no
remedy on earth nn Dirt Easilyapplied by ladyher-
enua's "> iamouswja»lU •KlU self. Relieve* all pain
d|B«MBBBBt In V omb or Ovaries In 10 minute*.
iH^Sffaa Promptly relieves Hfadache, Ntnsea. Blood »n1
P^Cn&M Bl»d.!erTrov.bl«, Kaintnr««, Xsn-ousnfss. fear
fS* c and Despondency, Cures Leucorrhaa, Womb
ra- BXJ ComiiUints. Dinpl»P»mfnt«, IS^kache, B*irini
|^3r*' «Ea f<>™ Pains and all Female Pisorden.
Q i^s>.«^afi|cheer» the spirits and Vitalize*
' '•* : 4HW* C the whole frame. Safe, Sure und V«;j»y
Absolutely IIornsle«!<. One 50 fmt box will "^■P"
STUPO ALL i bk\v\^oiv'BX plain wrapper receipt
0 I U I*o ALL I Ai II ct mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 MINUTES lTh?^rfrrtDCo.C«Tlo» d .f..e^
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. B. F., and Oakland
Fi Chle&MteV* En«llfth Diamond Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_^^v Original and Only Geaalne. A
- ./l&-*?\ safe, alwayi rellabla. laoics ait /X\
<& f \ ' P-jtft Dragglit for CMetutttrt English IKa-Jtff\^
Sran d in Kcd and tsU meulllc\Vv
V^WJbtm, s^alod with dine ribbon. TuVe.
7*4 Jbs» I"vNP o other. Refute dangerous rubttitu- V
I / ~ r itfticiu and imi'totiont. AlDrns;iiti, or Mad 4«>
I w "• ia Mampi for partleslari, tettlnuolUi tat
I «8» J9 ' " Iff for Ladle*," ">. letter, by tun
A* If Mail. 10.000 TertlmonlaU. Kmau> Paper.
vv — *r'Ch|.-He»trr Chemical Co., M t»o*i Bq aar«>
■•Id by all Local tfnggUti. 1»I?TI. I>A., I'A'
BR^E^DR. BALL'S HEIN YIGORATOR
ajs^^^s« Five hundred reward for any case
jBM l»9| we cannot cure. This secret remedy
M stops all losses in 24 hours, curea
Five hundred reward tor any case
we cannut cure. This secret remedy
htoi>s all losses in '1\ hours, curea
MR Bjgg Emissions, Impotency, Varicocel«,
Knl Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
ran InH I " ost Manhood and all wasting ef-
ra^^B&J foots of Felt-abuse or excesses. .Sent
B^SSSSESI sealed, s2 bottle: 3 bottles, *■">; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. 555 Broadway. Oakland.. Cal. Also
for sale at 10734 Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
' .V^fiSSfififaJ*** m 'si» ** i» a non-roinoncma
*^^^^TTrs^aH remedy for (Jr.norrhora,
t'l'KEli^B Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
g&gSr in l tosdayi.TS| Whites, unnatural dig-
StguZr acarantted ■ charges, or any inflarnma-
E«^> not to itrletnre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
■ajPrerenu contagion. tion of mucous mem-
■KVheEvAMS CHEWiOtCo. branes. Non-astringent.
IIg^CINCiNNATI.C BRQI S°ldS ° Id by Drauymu.
CS. i 2S& or Beut ' D Pa in wrapper,
__^(»nH "7 eipresg prepaid, tot
"■Vi^^^f&frm J. 1 - 00 - or 3 bottle*. $2.75.
■ Cixcaiar t^nt ou ra^aaat.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THH
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
•trcsctb to sexual organ*. Depot, 111 Marktt*ADVERTISEMENTS.
Miss Ada Rehan.
I l.»^> .< »■■« !»■■ » »■♦ ■« »■♦■ «■ 9 « > • • • •-♦-♦-?
♦ »•»»» »»• ""*" '^
ADA REHAN Writes:
Yin Marian/ is certainly
unexcelled as the most effective
and at the same time pleasant
tonic. ADA REHAN.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
'J^Al VK B I ym «D 0W i£B 6& bH BflW mat «l H
MARIANI WINE, THE FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC FOR BODY AND BRAIN.
FOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN
Yin Mariani has written endorsements from
more than 8000 American Physicians. It is spe-
cially recommended for Nervous Troubles, Throat
and Lung Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, Wast-
ing Diseases,
LA GRIPPE, MALARIA AND GENERAL DEBILITY.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS EVERYWHERE. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
SPECIAL NOTICE. AII endorsements cited in our advertisements are absolutely bona-
flde. The origlnals are on flic and will be cheerfully submitted to the inspection of any and
all persons applying. . .... i. - . "' I
RE Alii*.— Marian! "Wine contains absolutely no injurious properties.: It benefits all
and injures none. A reward of $500 is offered for information leading to the arrest and con-
viction of any person, or persons, issuing false and malicious statements calculated to in-
jure the well-established reputation o£ "YIN MARIANI." MARIANI & CO.
SPECIAL OFFER — To all who write we send a book containing portraits and en-
dorsements of EMPERORS. EMPRESS, PRINCES, CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and
other distinguished personages.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Haussmann; London — S3 Mortimer Street: Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital St.
AS A CAPTAIN
DELANY MAY
GO TO MANILA
He Would Fight the
Filipinos.
SPEAKS OF HIS PROJECT
BELIEVES THERE ARii MORE
TROUBLES AHEAD.
The Supervisor Announces His Mili
tary Ambition and Will Seek
to Secure a Com
mission. ■
Captain Dolany has announced his inten
tion of going to Manila to fight the Fil
ipinos. He is of the opinion that they will
prove .-is troublesome as the Xorth Ameri
can Indians were in early days and that
many aolobodied fighting men will be
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH CURED
FOR $5.0(5 A MONTH,
MEDICINES FREE.
TEOE KHQIMH AND GERMAN EXPERT j
gPECIALISTS cure Catarrh, also O>r.Bump-
•i.r.'i in tho first and second Stage«, anil i^hronic
Diseases generally. They have been establlshel •
for 26 years and are Incorporated under the
laws of California for MM.MO.
Free Consultation and Advice.
Alfo treatise on any disease at office or by mail. I
ENGLISH AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS, j
731 Market 6t.. San Francisco, Cn».
TAKK ELEVATOR, 'fours. 8 to 5, daily, j
: rto 8. 8m ■: -■ to 11. .
ODEWEY.STRONG &CO-^?*>±
PATENTS^ J
330 MARKET ST. S.F.
needed by Uncle Sam soon after the Paris
peace convention adjourns.
Colonel Sullivan, the Mayor's private
secretary, is authority for the announce
ment.
"I'll tell you how it is," said the colonel
yesterday. "Supervisor Delany is all
wrough up over the Asiatic question. He
believes that the Mongolians and the Fili
pinos are threatening California's inter
ests in the Far .East and ought to be
promptly suppresssed. He predicts a re
bellion on the island of Luzon and wants
to help put it down. Only yesterday I met
the captain on the street. He spoke of
the threatening Filipino war cloud. 'The
newspapers report that there is plenty of
trouble brewing- out there,' remarked De
lany. 'Yes,' say? I. 'there will probably
be fighting with the natives.' 'What do
you think, then, of my chances for getting
an army commission and going out there
to fight '• m?" he demanded. 'I'll soon be
out of a job.'
"I told him to go ahead and try for it.
Delany Is of the right kind for the busi
ness. He comes of good old-country fight
ing stock."
It is stated that Captain Delany's mili
tary ambition is not of recent growth.
Ever since he saw Supervisor Rottanzi
make his apearance in the Board of Su
pervisors with a fierce military twist to
his mustache and two shining gold bars
upon his shoulders the captain has suf
fered from a burning thirst for renown
upon the battlefield, and it has been hard
work for him to bucklo down to the pro
saic duties of a San Francisco Supervisor,
which include the suppression of gambling
i except with nickel-in-thc-slot machines.
The captain's application for a commis
sion at Manila will be prepared and for
warded to Washington within the next
ten days, provided that the menace from
the Filipinos continues.
BENEFIT *FOR THALL.
Popular Alcazar Manager to Be Re
membered on Tuesday Even
ing Next.
A theatrical event that is sharing -with
the forthcoming production of "Cyrano"
the attention of all lovers of the play
house and the play is the benefit perform
ance for genial Mark Thai], to be given
on Tuesday evening next at the Alcazar
Thf-ater. Thall's name in theatrical and
business circles is synonymous for enter
prise and success. Ten years ago, when
the Alcazar first came into popularity on
a sound financial basis, Mark Thall was
the presiding genius of the pretty little
theater. Kightten months ago theatrical
people and business men generally shook
their heads sadly when the Alcazar was
mentioned. Failure sure and speedy was
predicted for the now venture at the
O'Farrell-street house and closed doors
Beemed the natural outcome of an unsuc
cessful venture, it waa then Belasco sum
moned Thai! to his ai<i. Gradually and
surely, under tils able management, the
house resumed its old place In the amuse
ment world, until to-aay again it stands
cm- of the most successful theaters of the'
West.
A most attractive programme has been
prepared for Thall's benefit. Goodwin's
old comedy, "Imagination," bristling with
bright iin^.* and screamingly funny situa
tions, is Hit- bill for the evening, and will
bo presented with the full force of the ex
celfeni stuck company.
That Thall will have a big house goes
without saying. The sole difficulty the
Alcazar people will have to contend with
en Tuesday evening from the present box
office outlook appears to be now to ac
commodate all who would attend the pop
ular manager's benefit.
Music at the Park.
i The following programme will be ren
dered at the Park this afternoon:
March, "Under the Double Eagle" Wagner
Overture, VDer Freischutz" Weber
Selection from "Grand Duchess" Offenbach
"Mazourka de Concert" Rosteter
Scenes from "Un Hallo in Maschera" Verdi
Fantasie on Christian Endeavorers' Hymns.
Spadina ;
Duet for two cornets .*..;..' .".r.vi
Performed by Mr. Mahood and Mr. Keller.
• Entr'act and Airs de Ballet from "Le Cid".
. r .. .Massenet
Morceau. "The Chase of the Lion" — Killing
March, "The Swallows" ...........Schlogel
 .. ■■ ■ ■ ♦ ■ ■■'■■■ -:.-,'.'-■•,-
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
THE MINERS
MUSTER FOR
THE MEETING
The Election Gives the
'^Ginger."
SONNTAG VERSUS RALSTON
f
COUNTIES DIVIDE ON THESE FA
VORITE SONS.
The Delegates Elected to the Con
vention From the Seventeen
Counties That Are Af- '
filiating.
To-day delegates to the annual con
vention of the "California Miners' Asso
ciation will pour into the city and the
rest will arrive to-morrow. Only a few
had registered at the hotels last night.
While a number of matters of great
Importance are scheduled for consid
eration and various new propositions
will probably be introduced, notably
the idea of an enlarged future for the
organization, the "ginger" of the meet
ing will be mainly provided by the elec
tion of officers.
For several da- the partisans of Sec-
I retary Julian Sonntag and W. C. Ral
| ston have been dividing the various
' delegations in their respective counties
i and the lining up with the two candi
' dates win attend the vigorous cam
■ paign that will end with the second or
| third day of the convention. Both can
! didates are popular, widely known, en
ergetic young business men, and both
own varied mining interests tn the
i State.
Vice President T. J. Parsons will, it
is said, decline a re-election. Colonel
George Stone is among those mentioned
for the honor. K. H. Benjamin and K.
M. Turner remain the only rival candi
dates for the secretaryship.
The delegates will represent seven
teen" counties. They have been elected
at recent meetings of the associations of
the respective counties. As far as they
have been reported to Secretary Julian
Sonntag they are as follows:
Alameda— A. H. Hicketts. (Charles Sonntag, I
Felix Chapp»llet, E. S. Shanklin, S. B. Christy.
Thomas Mem, E. H. Benjamin, A. M. Ben
ham, George L. Nusbaumer, Frank A. Leach,
F J Flettei, George Phillips, Lynmn Bridges,
W R Thorna? William E. Hale. J. S. White.
Thomas W. Jeffries, John M. Wright. George
Burbeck. C. B. Ruthei ;-nl. i
Amador— J. I. Francis, W. F. Detert. E. C.
Rust \V A. Newcum, T. D. Calkens, John
Merchant M. Brinn. Frank Bates, Varney
Uaskill. John F. I'avis. John Truccott, K. C.
Voorheifl, Jackson Dennis, S. N. Knight, John
Graham W. S. Wiymouth, L. A. Gross. A. J.
Cram, \v. a. Roberts, M. J. Mi-Donald. K. C.
Hutchinaon, John Taylor, A. Cbiebisola, Byron
Waters J F i'urks. D. R. Reese, David Qatt
m.tn. James E. l>ye. I. Hulnngton. Henry
Eudey F Dwytr, A. B. McLaughlln, O. H.
Relehl'lng, A. Caminettt. J. R. Trew!oan, John ;
i;,,-- (• B Downs, Neil Carmlchael, B. B
Porter I M Wlahart, A. McWayne, K. B.
W. J. McOee, Mr. Brent, Edward j
I.\ii'h George Goodman. Abraham I!
John M. Wright, <'urtls H. Lir.dley, W. F.
Knapp, John H. J'hllllps. j
Butte— W. E. Duncan Sr., A. Ekman. O. P. 1
Ormsby W. P. Hammond, T. W. Gibson, K.
A. Haletead, W. E. Duncan Jr., E. W. Fogg,
A D. Gaasaway, George H. Evans, N. A. Har
ris, W. A. Heard, J. M. Cumming.*. O. W. Jas
],,.,■, k. M. Green, A. Berner, H. C. Hills, A.
D. Walsh, E. M Woodman.
Calaveras— Charles D. Lane, Prrsentt Ely, W .
I! Clary Jr.. Woodson Garrad. Mark B. Kerr,
C }'•' m>-r. John KugKlo. W. G. Drown. James
M Bt^phena, W. W. Emery, James T. Wall.
W I- M<r.t turnery, Isaac Foorman. J. C JCemp
■ Van Ec W I* Honnold, I. H. Reed. J. R.
! Smith. Bert Delharr^g^iy, F. J. Kolinsky, F. F.
i Thomas, David McClure.
Chamber of commerce— William H. Bailey,
John F. Body, Gwirge E. Dow. «,-,__.
Santa Clara— Charles C. Derby. R. R. Bul
more A C. Melrs. John Trevarrow, Thomas
■ Walsey Sr., F.llani W. Carson,
San Francisco— W. W. Montague, J. F. Hal
i\ A !iix. B, T. Lacy. Qeorce E. Dow.
A. J Ralßtoa, 11. T. I-ally. Charles G. Yale.
i Andrew Carrigan. W. C. Ralston, A. K.
Cooper Edward Coleman, R. It. Grays>n, John
•■ ('lieman. George Stone, F. G. Oow. John
H'TinlnKham, W. F. C. Hamnon, Joseph Mooser.
NUes Searls. Louis OIaSS, B. J. Hendy. A. L.
■ Scott W G Dodd, S. Mooney, Julian Sonn
! tag George C. Sargent. T. J. Barbour, John
Martin, T. J. Parsons, Dr. E. Licheau, D. E.
Hayes, C. W. Crosa, Henry R. Taylor, Hugh
Craig. K. A. Belcher.
Sierra— J. M. Harper, Paul Meroux. S. I- .
Purdy Ed F. Wehe, Lewis F. Byington, Louis
...Id, J. O. Jones, F. W. Page, John
: Myers Claude T. Hamilton. George M. Sayles.
1 Frank L. Cole, J. A. VaJghn. Dan T. Cole. A.
i We»thall W. F. Eschbacher, W. H. Sjiaulding.
! James S. - Mooney GHles H. Gray. George U.
COJC Thomas Ktrkpatrick, R. P. M«'tt. C. P.
Yore, J. M. Hhv.ti. B. Hill. J. M. Duko,
Cnarlea I'- Gayle. 11. W. Orear, Frank H.
! Wehe Tlrey L. Ford. William H. Byington,
Maeon W. Mather, E. A. Meily, James M.
i Gregor F. W. Hanley. Andrew Cftrrlean, I.
Copeland, Stanley A. • Smith. J. F. Cowdery,
Henry Kingd' m, H. Sjiauldlng Sr., John Costa,
I Thomas H. Cr.jbsman, George D. Gray, F. A.
I Gourley W. S. George, A. S. Nichols, James
S Wiggins, J. H. Hlckox, O. E. Lapum,
George Parsons. Captain Thomas Buckley.
SlsUyou— Andrew G. Myers, J. o. Rusby,
Benjamin Daggett. H. H. Hunter, C. B. Jlll-
Tuolumne— F. W. Wlllmana, John Ballard,
A M McDonald, W. H. McClintock, George
j Blake, William Shnrwood, E. A. Wllsee,
i Horace Stanley, Jacob Fisher, J. P. Campbell.
I M WlllmanK. William C. Murdock, Dew R.
! Oliver I^ouis Rosenfeld, J. W. C. Maxwell,
I W'llliam M. Stover, James P. Munger, W. P.
! Scott. Richard Chute. D. I>arwood, A. Trltten
i bach J H. Neale, T. F. McGovern. P. George
Gow. Charles Fitzgerald, E. C. Benedict, Dr.
H W. Dodge, S. 11. Bradford. Antone Corpell.
I J J. f^fnith. Frank Knzensperger. David R.
Oliver, William McGinn. William Q. Long.
1 James GMUfI.
Yuba— Xicholas Cnupe. Dnniel Gettlns. M. J.
i Whalen, J. C. West. O. G. Mayo, J. C. Camp
i bell James O"Bri<=-n. I»uls Conrath. Joseph
Durfee R H. Postlethwaltf. John McQuaid,
A G Wheaton. Otto Worleller, T. A. Carson.
a' W Alberts. Paris Green. W. B. Meek, Fred
erick Jouhert. J D. Picralt, W. O. Halstead.
W A. Chamberlain, John McCann, P. Camp
beil. C. L. Armstrong, E. F. Holbrook, James
j Nelson. -
HONOR TO THE PRESIDENT.
i Pioneer Council No. 1, Y. M. 1., Will
Tender a Reception to the
Supreme Officer.
At ihr meeting <>f the Supreme Council
!of the Young Men's Institute recently
' held in St. Louis, Mo., Frank J. TClerce of
i this city was elected Supreme President,
j an honor which for the second timo has
fallen to a member of Pioneer Council No.
' 1 of this city. The selection of Mr. Klerce
is an acknowledgment of his earnest work
on behalf of the organization, for the
membership of the Jurisdictions of the
East outnumbers that of the Pacific jurls
1 diction In which the order was estab
lished and had the delegates not enter
i tamed the appreciation of the successful
! candidate's abilities they could easily
! have chosen another. The officers and
members of Pioneer Council appreciate
the honor conferred on one of its mem
bers and will on Tuesday next tender him
a reoeption, to be followed by a banquet
:it the St. Germaino. Among those who
i will be present will be the grand officers of
the Pacific jurisdiction, Supreme Second
Vice President A. V. St. Sure of Alameda,
I Supreme Director Dr. T. H. Morris of this
rity. Supreme Director John JLynch of
Oakland, and representative members of
j local councils.
Eczema and Itcning Scalp
Cured quickly by using Smith's Dandruff
Pomade. For sale by all druggists; price,
50 cents; sample sent free by Smith Bros.,
Fresno, Cal. •
Collector Clay Obtains Points.
J. F. Clay, deputy Collector of Customs,
Honolulu, called upon Collector Jackson
yesterday in ordor to familiarize himself
with the^duties he expects to perform
should Congress apply the prevailing tar
iff system to Hawaii. Mr. Clay received
many vaMia-le hints on the workings of
the civil service system.
RETURNED WITH HER FLAG AT HALF-MAST.
The brig Consuelo sailed for Kahului, H. 1., on the 17th inst., in
command of Captain A. Jacobsen. At 10:30 o'clock that night he was
compelled to retire, suffering from a pain in his heart, and at 3:30 a. m.
on the 18th he was dead. Chief Officer Page put about, as the brig was
only fifty miles from, port, and brought the body of his dead commander
home.
PASSED AWAY
WITHIN SIGHT
OF HIS HOME
Captain Jacobsen Dies
Off the Heads.
TWO OF ATALANTA'S CREVy
CAPTAIN McBBIDE WRECKED
ONCE BEFORE.
Sorenson, A. 8., Is Remembered by-
Some Gold-Hunters Whom He
Piloted to the South
ern Seas.
The brig Oonsuelo returned to port yes
terday 1 morning with her flag at half
mast. Captain Jacobstii died when the
vfss.-l was fifty miles Off the Heads, so
Chief Officer Page decided to return to
port. During the afternoon the Consuelo
sailed again in command of the chief
officer.
The Consuelo sailed from here for Ka
hului on the 17th inst. The tug Reliance
towed her as far as the whistling buoy
and then Captain Jacobsen seemed to be
all right. At 10:T>0 p. m.. however, he be
gan to complain about pains In the re
gion of his heart and on the advice of the
mate went to his room and to bed. He
grew gradually worse. ;tnd at 3:30 a. m.
died. As the vessel passed up the buy
with her flag at half-mast the fact of
Captain Jacobsen's death was soon
known, and a great many of the Hags on
the front were at once lowered in respect
t<> his memory. The deceased has been
in the Sprcckels' employ for nearly
twenty years. For a long time he was
mate of the brig J. D. Spreckels, then he
was captain of the George H. Douglas
and for many years he was master of the
vessel on which he died. Captain Gilbert
H. Brokaw of the tug Reliance was his
nephew and to him the news came with
a great shock, as it was only last Thurs
day he bade his uncle good-by outside the
heads.
Stories of very opposite character are
told along the front about two of the men
who are supposed to have gone down in
the wreck of the Atalanta. One is about
Captain Mcßride and the other about an
"A B " named Sorenson, who shipped on
the ill-fated vessel at Tacoma. In 1881 or
1882 Captain Mcßride was master of the
British ship Norman Court. While on
her way from India to England she was
wrecked on the Welsh coast and nearly
all the crew were drowned. Several of
the men were saved out of the rigging,
and among the number was Captain Mc-
Bride. He was so exhausted, however,
that for a long time it was feared he
would die. He was removed to Anglesey
and there, through the careful nursing of
Miss Helen Pritchard. he was brought
back to life. When Captain Mcßride left
Anglesey his nurse went also as his wife.
From that time until the Atalanta went
on the spit at Alseya Bay Captain Mc-
Bride was never in a serious accident.
Sorenson is known to a great many
men whom he inveigled into a gold-hunt
ing trip to the Southern Seas. He showed
them samples of gold bearing ore and
lumps of virgin sulphur that gave them
all the fever, ihe schooner Sophie Suth
erland was fitted out, and with Captain
Alec McLean in command started out for
the Solomon Islands. The venture was a
dismal failure. There was no gold in <.ac
Solomon groun and in disgust the
schooner was headed for Apia, Samoa.
Before that place was reached half of the
men were nearly de.ad from scurvy and
nearly all of them had to go into the hos
pital there. _'
When the gold hunters found they had
been duped they at once put Sorenson
ashore in the Solomon group, after giv
ing him enough money to pay his way to
Sydney, N. 8. \V. At that point he se
cured a berth on the British ship Belford
as boatswain and came to this port. From
here he went north in the barkentine
Gleaner and at Tacoma joined the Ata
lanta.  .
The steamer Snmoa Is discharging some
splendid specimens of redwood lumber at
Beale-street wharf. It is from the mill?
of Dolbeer & Carson, Eureka, and goes
to show the size of clear redwood that
can be obtained from a single tree. There
are four piles of lumber on the wharf,
containing in all 10,000 feet. None of the
pieces are less than sixty inches wide and
vary in length from ten to twenty feet.
All are of the highest grade of soft-grain
ed lumber without a knot, flaw or defect
of any kind. These pieces of redwood
are to be used in their full width for the
interior decoration of an Eastern home.
The Port Costa Fishing Company has
given the use of its steamers Farragut
and Christopher Columbus to the Italian
Benevolent Society for to-day. The use
of Henry Peterson's launch Amy has also
been secured, and all three vessels will
run during the day to the Italian man-of
war Etna. The fare for the round trip
will be 25 cents, and all the proceeds will
be given to the benevolent society.
The State tug Governor Markham was
out yesterday with a party of about 50
newspaper men and their wives from the
interior. General Dickinson and Messrs.
Prisk and Chapman, the Senate Com
mittee investigating the State commis
sions, and Harbor Commissioners Colnon,
Harney and Herold and H F. Emeric
were also of the party. The entire water
front was inspected and then a visit was
paid to Hunters Point drydock and lug
Union Iron. Works, after wUJch the party
returned home.
Will Aid All Hallows Church.
A grand entertainment and social will
be given Thanksgiving evening, Novem
ber 23, In Masonic Hall, Fourteenth and
Railroad avenues. South Ban Francisco,
for the benefit of All Hallows Church.
A carefully prepared musical and literary
I>r< gramme, with specialties by W. J.
Hynes and other artists, guarantees a
delightful entertainment. A short pro
gramme of dances will follow. Refresh
ments will be served in the dining-room
adjoining.
WILL BE AN
EDITOR'S BRIDE
Cosgrave-Borden Engage
ment Announced — Hol-
brook Debutante Tea.
An interesting engagement just made
public is that of the well-known news
paper man, J. OH. Cosgrave. editor of the
Wave, and Miss Helen Borden, sister of
Superior Judge Rhodes Borden. The wed
ding will take place^on Tuesday next.
November 22. if-
Mrs. Samuel Knight gave a delightful
tea yesterday afternoon at the residence
of her father, Charles Holbrook, 1901 Van
Ness avenue, complimentary to her debu
tante sister. Miss Olive Holbrook. The
entire elegant home was thrown open to
the guests for this occasion and profusely
decorated with bright glowing red carna
tions.
Mrs. Knight and Miss Holbrook received
the guests, assisted by Miss Minnie
Houghton, Miss Kohl of San Mateo, the
Misses Kate and Margaret Salisbury, Miss
Su.sie Blanding. Miss Jnsle Loughborough,
Miss Clara Hamilton. Miss Attic Murphy,
Mi.-s Leontlne Blakeman and Miss El
mj re, a cousin of the fair debutante.
The hours of the tea were from 4 till 6.
(luring which several hundred guests were
entertained. In the evening there whs a
dinner fur the ladies of the receiving par
ty, at which the following gentlemen also
assisted: Robert Hooker. Allen St. J.
Bowie, E. M. Greenway, Will Page, Ed
ward Sheldon. Harry Knight, L. C. Rob
bins, Harry Houghton, Fred Greenwood,
John Merrill. Charles Fernald, George
Newhall, Charles Holbrook and Harry
Holbrook.
ON THE TENNIS COURTS.
George Whitney Plays in Champion-
ship Form in Matches of Both
Singles and Doubles.
The matches at the California Lawn
Tennis Club courts yesterday were all in
the nature of practice games. Sumner
Hard] came over from Oakland and
showed to good advantage with the clever
local players.
Georpe Whitney was In championship
form, winning every match in wliiph ha
■1. whether in singles or doubles.
The detailed scores follow:
Sumner Hardy beat 8. H. Adams, 7-5.
George Whitney i»— » Sumner Hardy beat R.
N. Whitney and S. H. Adams, 6-1.
Whitney and Whitney beat Hardy and
Adams, 8-1.
I< B. Weihe beat Drummond McGavin, 6-3,
6-4, 4-6, 6-3.
George Whitney and Adams beat Hardy and
R. Whitney. 7-5. 6-4.
Buckley and Bunnell beat Henly, 6-2, 6-3,
Yale beat Buckley, -i-d.
Service for Youn£ Men.
Rev. Dr. Curry will address the men's
meeting: in Y. M. C. A. Hall this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. His subject will be "The
Immortality of Man."
ADV EBTISEMENTS.
THE BLACK GOODS
HOUSE
We Continue to Make Tailor-
Built Suits of
CLAY WORSTEDS,
VENETIAN CLOTHS,
LA CHAPELLE CLOTHS,
MASCOVITA, Etc.,
COMPLETELY SILK
LINED,
at $30.00 suit -
The Style and Fit of Our
Garments Are Guaranteed.
R. T. KENNEDY CO.,
, 1106 MARKET ST.
KADWAYS'S KKADY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. AH druggists.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CITY OF fill PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
THREE SPECIALTIES!
REYNIER WALKING GLOVES
', Real kid. glace, three rows stitched backs, gusseted fingers, pique sewed, patented
thumbs, guaranteed to fit, every pair warranted. Special price, per pair,
$1.50.
DENT'S ENGLISH GLOVES.
' An entire iine for Ladies, Gentlemen and Children.
PERFUMERY.
; FRENCH and HUDNUT'S AMERICAN.
| SAPPHO PINK, the favorite, is distinguished by its fresh, sharp and spicy fragrance.
', WOOD VIOLET, America's favorite perfume, is a very sweet and perfectly true es-
s ence, prepared from the fresh flowers.
LADIES^PURSES.
PLAIN AND ORNAMENTED WITH STERLING SILVER.
► STYLES — Alligator, Cordova, Seal, Pebbled, Serpent, Lizard, Giove Kid, Boa, Morocco-
BOSTON BAGS, SHOPPING BAGS AND GRIPS.
► Mall and Express Orders Receive Immediate Attention.
\ CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
I SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. P.
I . UNION SQUARE.
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS' PRICE,
*y^fo Per
C O Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon.
■- . Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
busweliTpaint co.,
392 Market St., Cor. Front, S.F.
f^ksJt 3 and TUMQB^HOSPITAL
\ 1 /aPaJBB HH^ No Pay lentil PAIN
■^—i^H^Rl' 1 - '•'.-■ i Oman's breast is can-
**-'■■- - ;ir^.v"*, cer. The poison
■aSgJHWfI WBL quickly goes to arm-
JkgBKF , o^P^^kP''' I^ ar XC it is too
' HyAi late. Men's face aud
Gff%^^t^^^ W f I lip a common place.
■ J Sc-Pagb Book sent
tyaffift"**^ *Qb»r.-^. . free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scutes. No Fraui>.
S. R. M. 0., 23 &25 Third St . Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S o«at j
JSL Mussum of Anatomy |
IOSIiiASKZT ST. Ist. 6th4 7th, S.P. CaL
i \S ■ The Larg*itofil»kl»dinthe World.
i^^\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases. !
Coo.altation fre«. Krite for B.ok
l\| Philosophy of Marriage.
B ft M*lttP FWEC.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
■ IjOSISSEjES
*A« FBAHCiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
tttoxmm Pw*V. Poet «i Market Sib
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 13:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. , Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 1:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 1:80.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. :-'■
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:56 and 6:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 -a. m. 1:40. 3:40,
6:00, 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
game schedule as above. '
Leave ~~ . Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco,
October 16,
Week Sun- IS9S. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:.lo pmj 8:30 am Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:10 pin 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville, ■..* .. ; -', ; '^
S:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 6:22 pm
Ropland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am ' ~ 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:Sspm
3:30 pm ' - 6:22 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
- ■ and ' ' '
6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
T:Boam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:23 am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm ■ " -" 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
serville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hop land for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, • Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport . and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Licrley's. liucknoU's,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Booneville. Orr"s
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willitts. Laytonville. Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. .-.:.■■
Saturday ito Monday - round . trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. r'.- ;i .
Ticket Offices, "630 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. ■■ Gen. : Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SauMlit« Ferry:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7 :2O, *9:3J, 11:00 a. m. ; »1:46,
3:45, 5:13, »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
- SUNDAYS— »S:CO. ■ »10:0 O. *ll:30 a. m,; •1:15,
8:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. ■ ' ..-
- Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. •8:35, 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20. »3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00, »10:00. "11:56 a. m.;
•1:15, •3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
- WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, - 9:40 a. m.:
12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m. : ■ "" •
EXTRA TRIPS ■on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p.m. ■ ;
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a, m. 12:05, 1:20. 3:20,
6:00, 8:20 p. m. '^ - ■ *
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:43 p. m. Saturdays — Mills and way
stations. -' ~ . -
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way st&'s.
MOUNT TAUALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausaliftr^erry.) ■
Leave San Francisco, ■ commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, '1898:
' Week Days — 9:30 a. m.;' 1:45 p. m. - ■ ■-"_.-
" Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, Jl- - .
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market
street, San Francisco. -.' ■
v
. ' . ■■■;.' . , : ' " f
RAILROAD TRAVEL
MMTIIKKN IVtt'irir COJIPAMT.
(rAoirio sy»TBM.)
Trains leave iind are due to itrrlve »t
MAN I'IUN€I.M:».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
,!atk — From Nov. 3, 1898. — areits
•6:00 a Nilee, San Jose and\say Stations... »8:ISx
7:00 a. Benioia, Suisun and Sacramento 1O:15a
" :OOa. Marysville, OroiiUe aud Redding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:00 a Elmira, Vacavilleaudßumsey...... 8:45p
7 :30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Callstoga and Santa Bosa «:Isp
8:00 a Atlantic Kxprexa, Ogd«u and IJast.. J»:l3p
ham Sau Jose, Stockton. Valley Spring, ■
. ,<-■ . lone, Sacramento, llanrg»iUe,
fcV - Ohioo, Tehamaand RedTJlutT.... 4il»P
(1:30 a Stockton, O&kdale and Jamestown. . 7: 1 5 p
•*:3Oa Milton....'. »7il»P
9 jO«a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Meroed ; _
■ andFreen0......;........ IS: 1»P
9i«Oa Fresno, Bakersfield,- Santa RnrV<ara,
Los Angeles. DemiDg. £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East 0:43
........ Fresno. Mendot», Tracy and Mar-
tinez... 6:45p
10:00 a Valhju, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45 -
' •1:O»p Sacramento Itiver Steamers *»:OOp
l:O«»p Nlles. San Jose and Way Stations ... 11:43 a
. .......San Jose, Nile* and Way Stations... *»:15a
' 2:»«p Mies, Tracy, Mendota, Uanford and
Vi5a11a........... ." 4:13p
. liivermore, San Jose, Nilesand Way '
Stations tl«tl»A
4>o«p Martinez, San Itaniou, Valleja,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verauo and
-' ' Santa ltcsa : •ll»*
4ioop uicia. VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights landing, Marjraville, Oro-
Tllle aud Sacramento !•:«•»
4i»Op Haywarda, Nlles and Ban Jose 7t4S*
S:*Op Marlines, Tracy. Mendota, Fresno, '. .
MojaTe, Santa Barbara and J.os .
Angeles »«4Ba
OiOAp Hanta Va Route. Atlantic Express „ „
, for MojaTe and Kast. 6:43p
•;3»00p "Pacific Coast Limited," El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 8O:4OP
0:30pN1I«s, San Jose, Tracy, Lathrop,
Merced and Fresno ■•••
5:80p Stockton la: F
«iOWr Kuroueau Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9:45 a
•BtOOp Vallejo. l»«13p
J7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tious J9:43»
StOOp Oregon ICxiiress, Sacramento, Marys-
: •■-■•■■•.■ vilie, Hnl.lliiK, Portland. Fiiget "
Sound ami Kaat 8:>:
SAN I.HM»KO ANI» imWAK*»S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) _2L_
1 MelroKK, Seminary Park, f
8:OOa Klt<-hbnr«r, Klmhuwt, ..Sllsi
i*2'22a Ka« l.ean.iro. South San jodSt
«l*.Soi I^»ndro, totndlllo, \%^
H-'oom ' Lorp««6,Cherrr ■ f i:4» P
il:OOp „ «I»d J ** : 12 P
3:Oop lUjrrard*. j3»43p
7:00r < Runs through to Ntles. . 7:43p
J t From Niles. I
COAST lIIVISION (N»rr©tT (iuiiife).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8: 1 3 a Newark, Centerville, San Joee. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations ; 8i8«»
•SilSf Newark. Centerville, San Jose New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,'
Santa Cru» and Principal Way
Stations * I f : s 0 *-
4:15p Newark, San Jose and Los Gates... »:BOa
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
' Way Stations • t7:80»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSlK rRIHOISCO— ?Mt or M.rk.t Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. }I:3Q ' *3:00 (3:01
•4:00 (9:00 *6:00r.M.
rrtmOilUßD— foot »f Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:QO *B:Q3p.m.
, 1 COAST DIVISION (Broad Uange).
■ (Third and To^nsetid Sta.) i
7:OOa San Jose ami Way SUtious (New '■'
■ Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....,.". > ll«*l
thOOA Han Jose, Tres I'inos, SmiU Cru«,
Pacific Ciovo. Paso Robles, Sau
l,uis Oliisno, (Jiiadaiupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations .f'ij l
I<i:IOa San .lose an.l W*y SUtions 2 : 2?*
11::U»A Ban Jose an.l Way Stations ....... »:»»*
s *Sl:4si- 8»n Mateo, Redwood. Memo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .loss, .
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Crux,
J Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove • ••- ••••• *lw:3»l
•»:»«p San Jose and Way 5tati0n5.......... *»:«««
•4:15r San Jo«ean.l Principal Way Stations t:4si
•sjOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6iasi
3:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 5:301
«.-:i»r San Jose an.l Way 5tati0n5.......... 7:301
f11:43p San Jose ami Way Stations 7»80l
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• ftwiilays excepted. \ Sundays only. \ Satiirdayß oni»
\ Mondays and Thursdays, Saturdays and Wednesday!
California
Limited
Santa re Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY. FRIDAY. ...
Arrives In Chlcagroat 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. ■
DINiNG CARS, "BUFFET" CAR. Ob-
servation Car , and Eieotrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Daily
Overland Express. '-y;^
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEfWICE— MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. ,
' Sacramento Offioe— J Streafc.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
WE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Muv. lli, Isjs, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. . North-bound.
Fassen-j Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday *.;.'■ Sunday . ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exo'ptd | Daily.
8:2Oam)10:30am Stockton- 3:45 pm s:sopm
10:10 am 2:03 Merced 12:40 4:o3pra
11:40 am 5:30 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:32 pm
12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:43 am 1:35 pra
B:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:SO am 11:25 ara
12:58pm B:sopm - Vlsaiia / | 6:4oam I:lspm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
. Connection*— At Stockton with steamboats o{
California Navigation : and Improvement Com- ■
pany leaving San Francisco at £ p. in. dally,
excepting - Sunday, and Stockton at 8 p. m.
daily. ; :\i -.: "■ ' - ""'. ':* '-.:-'■■ ' ' ' - • ~ •
For ' stage > connections r see official time tabla
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 331 Mar- |
ket street, i San Francisco .'
• ■- • ■ ; . \
1112
FAN UtANCKSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market ami Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlßht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES -327 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
I^7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6:1 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market *treet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 oVlock.
eventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
:. Co :.; t; open until 3 o'clock.
;s"\\. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
street?, open until 9 o'clock.
CHLKtII NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 2-S Sutler st., bet, Kearny and Gruiit
aye.— Christian Science bible ies_o__, 11 a.m.
and 7:45 p. m. Subject, moiiuutf, "Ancient
and Modern Necromancy, or Mesmerism and
Hypnotism".; evening; ' _l_xia__e_i s _t-i>eiit-
ance and Reformation." Sunday school lor
children, 11 a- in. Testimonial meeting
Wednesday evening at is o'clock. All are wel-
come.
CHURCH ol the Advent (Episcopal), Eleventh
Ist., near Market— All seats free. M ruing ser-
\ice at 11 o'clock. Special musical service In
the evening at T. 4.', rendered L>y the full
vested clioir of 50 men and boys. Mendel-
ssohn's iir.liie:n. "How Lovely Are the Me.<-
feeiigers," Cathedral Psalter, the Bell Amen
and the Benediction Hymn. sung in the form
of a crosa before the altur, will be among the
special numbers. .-,.-. i i.> the rector,
Archtieacon Emery- The pubiic is invited.
6T. PAUL'S Church, California St., near Fill-
more -Uev. \\ . M. Reiily. rector. Holy com-
munion, 7:iu a. m. Sunday-school, '-• ; -** 1 a. in.
Morning prayer, 11 o'clock: Sermon by the
rector; yubj<.ct, "The Privileges and Duties of
\ eetryinen. ' Evening bervice and sermon,
7:30. Thanksgiving day -..:•,:-■■:. an.i
holy coiiiinu.iioii, 10:20 a. in. Music by St.
Paul's vested quartet and chorus choir. J.
B. \\ arburton, musicai director. ■
CENTRAL Methodist Ep.scopal Church, Mis-
sion ?t.. bet: Sixth and >nth— i »r. Charles ■
Edward Locke, pat-tor, will preach. Subject,
11 a. in . "How Man Discovered God." Sub- j
ject, 7:? i p. m.. "The American Absalom, or !
the Fas-t l'oung Mail and What Becomes of 1
Him. " Sunday school. Ip. M.i Mr. Rolla V. j
Watt, superintendent. Christian Endeavor, ;
C:l5 p. m. Annual Thanksgiving donation >
Monday evening, Nov. 21, IS9S. Midweek i
r'ra>tr service Wednesday evening. Tnis is a. \
people's church. t~eius all ree. Everybody i
invited. Mr. J. J. Morris, choir leader.
BIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan st?. —
Rev. John Stpphi pastor; residence, 309
. Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m. The pastor will preach at b-jth services.
Topic at 11 a. rr... "Three Great Words," an!
at 7:30 p. m.. "The Religion of the Common
Life." Special music by the choir. Sunday-
school at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins, superin-
tendent. Epworth League meeting at 6:30 p.
m. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at
7:45 p. m. The public cordially Invited to all
the services of this church. Seats free. Ush-
ers in attendance.
I'l/i'M- • irch, Post st.,
near Webster— Re^ F. B Cherlngton, D.D..
pastor, will preach in the morning at 11
a. in.: subject. "Harvest H me.' Rev. Will-
iam TI s i'nc'>nia will preach in
clock.
AT thi - i Babbath Home. 64; ; . Howard
•;t. ■ between Second and Third 1
Bts. — Ji i::i A. B. Will
iue Wils in will preach '
at 11 a. m. on "Transfiguration;" 7:30 p. m.
u7i "Is There ,i Final Reckoning?"' Special
musi. by Miss Mattie Whittington. Mi
Fina. Rosin and Frank S. Robinson ■
' I
FRIENDS' meet ing will be held at the new j
meeting place, Swarthmore Ha!!, on Harrison
Bt., bet. First and Second, this llrst day
iSundayi ninrning at 11 o'clock. Frier.ds
and i -tliers are Invited. Union Sabbath school,
3 o'clock p. m.. at Sunshine Hall. 834 Har-
st.. near Sixth. Come as a visitor or
come and take part.
THE FirfU Divine Science Church— M. E.
«'ran:-r pastor. Discourse at 11 a. in.: sub-
ject. "Communion." Services every Sunday
In Yosemite Hall, Native Sons' building,
n St., between Geary and Post; take
elev; ■
HOME of Truth an.l Practical Christianity,
2123 California St.— Services Sunday. 11 a. m.
and 7:4? p. m.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Lodge No. 7.
(Theoßophical Society in America >
• International Brotherhood League.)
819 Market St. Lecture to-night "The Search
for Happiness," J. H. Griffes; Tuesday ntsht.
"Perfectibility of Man": Saturday night,
"Brotherhood and Social Problems."
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
Sunday evening at 8 o'clock in
Fraternal Hall. (~>d 1 Fellows' building. To-
night. "Waves and Symbols." by Will C.
■y. Lotus circle for children in s__n<
ling every Sur iav at 2:30 p. m. ■
SUNDAY MEETIXGS.
BOCIETT Progressive Spiritualists. Occidertal
Ha!!, corner Larkin and McAllister st--., Sun-
day November 20 at 7:30 p. m. Spcikor.
Mrs. R. S. Llllie. Subject. "A New A_e a:;.}
a New Gospel." Admission 10c
MRS. FAVRE. formerly of S3« Mission St.,
graduate of the late Professor Charles Mingo,
can be found at US Eddy st. : all readings
guaranteed; no circles for the present.
SUNDAY ni«?ht. platform; DR. YORK speaks
at ScotOsh Hall. Larkln st.. this evening, at
s sharp, on "The Three Voices": voluntary
contribution; seats free.
Ji'HX SLATER wjll hold the only seanc; this
winter to-night, Pythian Castle, 909 Market
Bt . at 8 sharp. Tents, messages. qu'» t'.on.s
answered; admission 15c.
! Aid B idental
Hall, 305 Larkin st. : entertainment, supper
. and dance; Friday evening, November 25;
tirki t-
AT Dr. Rives' spiritual society. 909 Market: 11,
free: 2-8, 10c; Mrs. Hendee-Rogers. Barclay,
ngham; Dr. Carpenter, Hanson; reading
and tests.
ATTEND KATIE HEUBSMANN'S morning
•:al lecture; services 11 a. m.. 10c: to-
niiiht grand est m'-etg, 10c. 641 Jessie, off 7th.
ATTEND MRS. EBERHARDT'S test meeting,
8 p. m. Excelsior Hall. Mission St., between
Nineteenth a:..l Twentieth; 10c.
OAKLAND— MRS. LILLIE speaks in Odd Fel-
- Hall, corner Eleventh and Franklin
sts.. Sunday, 11 a. m.
W.ME. YOUNO'S convincing test circle tv
nisht. 10c. 6oj McAllister pt. ; come, skt^t'es.
MRS. D. M COLBT, 1041H Valencia st.: sit-
tings daily. $1; circles Tuesday e/cnlngs, LJc.
ANTI-FRAUD Spiritualists meeting, 2 p. m.
B ■•:..!) Hall. 107 Larkin st. Admission 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S ethereallzlns materializing
peance, S p. m., 50c. 409 L\ivjM\v>:-th at.
TFPT circle to-night: every one g«t« a test;
Skeptics invited. LEANDER, 313 Eddy st.
TEST meeting, S p. m., 10c; 335 McAllister;
Stltt, Nita. Mrs. Bird. Hargrave, others. -
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, test medium; sit-
tings daily. 120 McAllister St., flat 1.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate
writer. 330 Ellis St.; hours, 10 to 4.
MRS. L. 8, DREW'S convincing test Bleating
to-night. 997 Market st. : 10c.
MEETING NOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. oT^-ssyMfcteT
F.— lnitiation MONDAY EVEN- J^g*, ""^
ING, November 21. ' '-5%, ,^?
JAMES A. WILSON. N. G.
C. H. KORNBECK. Sec.
MASTER MARINERS' Benevolent As- --.
■ooiation.— Special meeting. All mem- 5*
bers are requested to be present at *^S2^
halt. Alcazar building, O'Farrell st.,
MONDAY, November 21, at 12 m.. for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased brother, Anton ."acobsen. from his
late residence, 317 Fremont St., at 1 p. m.,
Monday, Nov. 21. By order of the Presi-
dent. L. TRAUNG, Recording Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from Georpp W. Allen and E. P.
Thomas, ln the Hangman's Gulch mine, near
Plaeerville. El Dorado County, to deposit
tailings in Hangman's ravine; from Sam B.
Lusk and J. J. Millar, in the Sampson min-
ing claim, ln Gold Lake mining district. Si-
erra County, to deposit tailings in a ravine
below the mine; from E. Reynolds and F.
Carter, in the Morrlstown mine, near Port
Wine. Sierra County, to deposit tailings in
west branch of Little Canyon Creek; from
George D. H. Meyers, ln the Myers placer
mine, near Plaeerville, El Dorado County,
to deposit tailings ln Johnson's North Can-
yon; and from Frank and Antone Levercni.
In the Corsica mine, near Sierra City, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings In old pits, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
E9, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
November 28. 18S8. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting.— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu' Sugar
Company will be -held at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., San Francisco. Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 2lKt day of Novem-
ber, 1898, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Thursday, November 10, 1898. at 3 o'clock
1,, m. K. H. SHKLDON. Secretary. -
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for' $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 413 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DOOMS papered from- $3, whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartinann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th- Weekly
Call. Bent to any address in th« United
State* or Canada on* rear or $1 SO, poatags
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cen per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship -'-mpanv will be pay-
able at the office of the company. 327 Market
st. on and after Thursday. December 1. 1898.
Transfer books will close on riday. Novem-
■*r 2i im. a 2 H. C> SH_£___ r etary. '
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 61 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable ut the office
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
Monday. November 21. IS9S. Transfer booKs
Will close on Tuesday. November 10, IS9S. at
3 o'clock P. m. E. H SHELDON. Secretary^
■ITUATIOXS \YA.\TKD-KKM VMS.
SWEDISH cook, also Swedish general house-
work *rirl best of references, desire situa-
tions. rj"F.TCROSETT..& l CO.^3lCSutteristj
POSITION as misery governess or lady's com-
panion; music, French and drawing; no ob-
jection to country. 705 Dolores st.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook from the East
wishes a situation; best of references. S3O
Geary Bt.
SITUATION In grocery store or like business;
clerk or other work In small hotel or lodging-
house: small wages; highest references, Box
ISI2, Call office. '
FRENCH-SPEAKING Lady, many years' ex-
perience In teaching, position as governess or
companion or daily governess in refined fam-
ily; city or country. Box 1976. Call office.
COMPETENT girl desires a situation for gen-
eral housework in a small American family;
wages {20. Call at 276 Clara St., on Sixth.
GERMAN girl wants position: is a good cook;
wanes $25 or $30. Call or address 14 Rondel
place, off Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
PARISIENNE -Protestant (25) to take care of
children and do sewing: good references. Ap-
ply T. R.. Hotel de France, by letter, 618
California st.
SITUATION wanted by Scandinavian girl as
cook or general housework. Call Monday, 160
Fourteenth St. l -
BY an Eastern woman, a, situation as work-
ing housekeeper, ehamberwork or cook in
mining camp. Address Home. 35 Fifth St.,
roam 3^
COOK and wife wish situations in hotel: coun-
try preferred: strictly temperate. Cook, SO2
Montgomery st., room 21.
WANTED Situation by capable woman as
working housekeeper for widower: with chil-
dren preferred. Address 130 Hawthorne st.
GOOD German cook wishes position; under-
stands American cooking; will do housework.
3 Howard court, bet. Fourth and Fifth sts.
MOTHER and daughter would like a place to-
gether; mother as cook and daughter for sec-
ond work. Address 219 Seventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as house-
keeper or as nurse; city or country: good ref-
erences. 137' 2 Silver st., between 3d and 4th.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman 'wishes
to take care of infant: is competent to take
entire charge from birth. 673 Harrison St.,
' near Third.
COMPETENT cook, is first-class, would like
a position and will assist in housework; ref-
erences. 206 Fifth st.
STRONG Norwegian woman, formerly of Dr.
Kercher's Baths, Chicago, wants position in
baths to give genuine massage' treatments:
city or country; no trillers. Address for 3
days, H. 0., 808 Howard st.
WANTED— A position by competent woman to
do upstairs work or take care of children;
references. Address 316 Minna st.
MEXICAN woman wishes position; good plain
American cooking. Box 150;), Call oilice.
BRIGHT girl of 16 desires position in store,
office or light housework; no children. Box
1627, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like to
board and care for 1 or 2 children. 30 Wil-
low aye., bet. Larkin and Polk, near Eddy.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, first-class cook and
laundress, wishes situation In private family;
city or country; good references. 721 Bush
st., In rear.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes a situation by
day, week or month. Please call at 244 Sixth
St., room 16. top floor.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as cook;
city or country; hotel or boarding-house. Box
1624. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation in Amer-
ican family or general work with small
wash. Address Cook. 822 Linden St., Oakland.
WANTED— as second girl ; or light
general work in nice family. Apply 639 Sut-
ter st.
RELIABLE elderly woman wants position in
small family to do light housework in the
city. Address MRS. R., 821 Shotwell st.
SEAMSTRESS will take work home or go in
families, 75c day. 274S Harrison st., nr. 24th.
COMPETENT nurse would like a position. Call
or address H. W., 1941 Mission st.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife in pri-
vate place or hotel; city or country; man
to work around place; all round handy man;
wife to do second work. Box 1507. Call office.
SWEDISH woman wishes work of any kind
by the day. Address box 402, Call office, Oak-
land.
EASTERN dressmaker, first-class cutter and
fitter, goes out by the day; makes a suit In
a day. 22 Octavia st.
WANTED— Situation by first-class dining-room
girl. Apply 562 Sixth st. MISS M. PLOM,
Oakland.
PACIFIC Employment Office— Reliable help of
all kinds furnished. 777 Market; tel. Clay 130.
YOUNG Scottish woman wants housework by
the day; active, trustworthy; good recom-
mendation. Apply by letter, M. E., 114 Hayes.
ELDERLY woman. German cook, perfect in
all styles of cooking and baking, wishes sit-
uation; city or country. Address 929 Pine st.
WANTED— By a reliable, refined, experienced
young woman, a situation as child's nurse;
highest city references. Call 131 Wlldey st.,
off Stelner. ";'.*;'
YOUNG lady, good reader, herself well read,
would like to secure engagements by the hour
to read to children, invalids and others de-
siring such services. Address box 1980. Call:
SITUATIONS \VAAT_.IJ— jiALK.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Utnce,
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East Mi.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife; man is
fine farmer and good mechanic; wife very
neat; both capable, reliable; finest reference;
American; can board selves if wished. Box
1609. Call office.
ELDERLY, active, competent man wants work
as man about place; wages very moderate;
first-class references. Gardener, box 1611, Call.
FOR free rent a gentleman and wife will take
charge of home during owner's absence; ref-
erences or bond. JACKSON, 822 Howard st.
OPERATOR, young man, wishes situation as
hotel clerk; is also an experienced telegraph
operator; can furnish good references. Box
" 1616, all office.
CARPENTER wishes situation at an institu-
tion, ranch,- mine or sawmill: used to ma-
chinery, mlllwrightlng; reasonable wages at
permanent place. Box 1617. Call office.
JAPANESE reliable good cook wants a situa-
tion to do housework for family or boarding-
house in city; has good reference; wages $5 to
$6 a week. Address J. NOGOMI, 463 Jessie.
"WANTED— By reliable young man, situation
on private place; understands care of horses
and garden. Box 1613, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as porter, bedmaker or
room clerk, etc. ; good references. Box 1620,
Call office.
POSITION as nurse in institution or otherwise;
engagements sought for Great American
Mineral Oil Baths, curing chronic diseases;
years experience; ointment on application.
Box 1622. Call office.
SITUATION as fireman; wages $1 ■ SO a day.
Address Fireman, box '".'St. Call office.
POSITION as clerk or office work by a boy
16 years old; considerable experience as
clerking and 'collecting: speaks German well.
Address box 1508. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes work around horses or
drive wagon; willing and good worker; ref-
erence. Box 1615, . Call office. ;
WANTED— A position as fireman; good No. .1
oil or coal burner; best of references. Box
IC3O, Call office.
GARDENER will take charge gentleman's pri-
vate grounds; understands laying out of new
grounds; renovation of old grounds also; 38
years' old; married; no children; would take
charge of house and grounds in absence of
family; first-class references. Box 1614, Call.
ENGINEER, young man wishes situation as
oiler or any other kind of work around the
engine or boiler; good mechanic; wages no
object. Box 1602, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands care
of horses, cows, garden; reference: state the
wages. J. A. DONALD. 214 Third st. 5
BRITISHER, competent to handle Chinese rail-
road construction; speaks dialect; wishes situ-
ation. Box 1513. Call office. . .
WANTED— By young man, place as night cook
in coffee and lunch house; best" of references.
Box 1606. Call office.
FRENCHMAN and wife desire situations with
well-to-do family; man ! able to . attend tb
horses or general work around house;, wife
good cook, sewer and housewoman. Box 1992,
Call office.
POSITION In city barber shop by steady, tem-
perate man; small wages; respectable treat-
ment. Box 1994, Call office. • - ■
JAPANESE young boy wants situation as
schoolboy or housework in small family. T.
F., 1808 Polk a*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
SITUATIONS W ContlnneJ.
COMPETENT hotel man wants situation as
chef or steward ; excellent references ; econom-
ical, sober, Al worker; moderate salary. Ad-
dress KERSTEN. 1514 Powell St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HJ-L.l' A.M'EU-K_.HAL_.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter and asssist-
aiit clerk lor this of lice, $20, $25. C. R.
HANSEN .Si. CO., 104 Geary st. ■»
NURSERY governess for the country. $25; see
lady here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., want—
2 waitresses, Southern California, $22 50, spe-
cial rates; 5 waitresses, city and country, $20;
6 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $5 week; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
■ 'MAN with a child to go to Shasta County,
$25; cook, few boarder-, $20; cook, institution,;
.... cook, 2 In family, $30; mother and daugh-
ter or 2 friends for country town, $15 and
$17 60; German girl for Sonora, $26, fare paid,
I ■ and a great many girls for city and country,
$15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
PROTESTANT governess who can teach Ger-
man and music; country; $25; see lady here.
For further particulars, MURRAY & READY.
634-W'J Clay st. •-. .'
WANTED— Experienced operators to work on
white and flannel shirts; will also take a lim-
ited number of yo»~- girls for instruction.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
SWEDISH or German . girl for general house-
work and plain cooking; must live near and
sleep home; wages $15. Apply between 12 and
2 Sunday at 1327 Oak St.
WANTED— Experienced tailoress on coats. . 254
Ellis st. .'
GIRLS for march drill. Mechanics' Pavilion,
Sunday, 10:30 o'clock. __
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on skirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL
_ MICHEL'S, 531 Mission St.
! WANTED— Reliable girl for general housework;
must be a good cook; Swedish, German or
American preferred; references required. 2109
Baker st.
WANTED— experienced saleswoman for
lace and embroidery department for Weln-
stock, Lubin & Co.. Sacramento. Apply to-
day, Sunday, from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m., at 523
Market st.
GOOD finishers on custom coats; steady work;
good wages. 466 Clementina st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework; must
be good cook; small family; good wages.
Call afternoon at 2627 California st.
WANTED— Young woman to do cooking In pri-
vate family: state wages expected. Address
X. V., box 1623. Call office. ______
AN apprentice girl in dressmaking. 2240 Post
street.
WANTED— first-class waist finisher. 406
Sutter st., room 3S.
EXPERIENCED skirt hands on tailor-made
suits; one understands fitting. 118 McAllister.
WANTED— An experienced pants finisher. 35
Third st.
GERMAN girl for general housework and cook-
ing. Apply 2811 Clay st., from 10 to 12 a. m.;
wages $25.
1 RESPECTABLE girl as mother's help; small
wages but good home. Apply 1832 Filbert st.
WOMAN: general work lodging house; with
husband or child over 12. 118 Eddy st.
OPERATORS on the Wheeler & Wilson but-
tonhole machine. 840 Market st.
EXPERIENCED tucker; finishers on under-
wear and skirts; no beginners. 547 Market st.
TAILOUESS as fine pants finisher; custom
work.. SV; Kearny st., top floor, room IS.
! WANTED— A girl to care for children. Call
10 to 12 m. at 116 Fulton St.
LADIES and gentlemen as correspondents for a
New York magazine; will not interfere with
present business; highest prices paid: experi-
ence unnecessary; send stamped envelope for
terms. J. H. WILDAY. Publisher, 106 Park
Row. N. Y. I !
LADIES everywhere to mail circulars, samples
and copy letters at home: reply with stamped
envelope. PEERLESS CO.. South Bend. Ind.
LADIES! Don't fail to visit the McDowell
school. It is the largest dressmaking and
millinery school this side of Chicago; the
McDowell system of dresscuttlng. late im-
provement. is the one that received all the
gold medals and diplomas; in our millinery
class we teach you the art of stylish milli-
nery; easy payments; patterns cut 25c up.
The McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School, 103 Port st.
i LADIES earn $8 per week working at home:
no canvassing; inclose self-addressed stamped
envelope. STANDARD NOVELTY CO., 101
Beekman St.. New York City.
WANTED— Competent lady pipe organist and
cornetist. or violinist, to take charge of or-
chestra and other musical work In large
school; state age, experience, references and
salary asked. Address Orchestra, box 1510.
Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY woman between 30 and 40 to
keep hout>e for 2 children; good seamstress;
permanent position; small wages; country;
no triflers. Box 1605, Call office.
LADIES to embroider; good paying: easy work:
sent to your home. At' tressed envelope for
sample and materials. Empire Embroidery
Works, 23 Duane St., New York City.
WANTED— Maker in millinery store. 1323
Stockton st.
WANTED— Lady or gent: pleasant work: good
wages* experience not necessary. 136 6th. r. 2.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady emply: embroidery taught. 646 Suttee
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
— Operators on flannel overshlrt»: •
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEV! STRAUSS & CO.. 3«H Fremont «t.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S: good position-.
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
i MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want no's and subscriptions taken.
HELP AX TED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY.... 'Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want Monday, 7 a. m
19 laborers, city jobs $175 day
5 teamsters, city jobs $1 75 day
Brick burner $35 and found
Foreman stableman »^0 and found
3 slate splitters $2 50 day
3 laborers to cut brush, clear land, etc.. for
a sawmill company. $26; 3 boys to learn
trades. ?3 week; 36 woodchoppers. 4-foot pine.
$1 cord; 32 woodchoppers, 4-ft red. 70c cord;
3 choreboys for ranches; 83 tlemakers, 9c, 8c
J and 12c each; shingle packer; driver bakery
wagon; 2 drivers for city milk wagons, $30
and $25 and found; express driver $2 day
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 63ti Clay st.
6 COOKS $50 to $30... baker, $40 and found
5 waiters, $30 to *20..ha11 boy. $10 and found
MURRAY Ac READY. 634 and Clay st. .
LABORERS for the mountain railroad: ship
Monday night. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101
Geary st. -
SHIP for Skaguay, Alaska, Railroad Tuesday,
November 22; fare $16; particulars at our
office. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
IRONER No. 9 Troy collar and cuff machine,
$10 a week; country. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.,
104 Geary st. ; ' . '
WANTED— Station agent for private railroad
Station, $60 per month; unexceptional refer-
ences .required. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st. ■ . - . ,
WANTED— Bread and cake baker for country
shop, $45 per month and found. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st. .
FIRST-CLASS window dresser for dry goods
store in Vallejo. Apply to-morrow between
11 and 1 o'clock at 231 California st.
LAUNDRYMAN wanted. Inquire San Fran-
cisco House, 737 Howard St., 8. F.
YOUNG or old; either sex; home employment:
we send work; you get. paid $10 to $16 weekly
by working part' time, day or evening: no
canvassing: easy; permanent; must be trust-
worthy: inclose stamp for particulars; dis-
tance no objection. Excelsior Mfg. Co., Lex-
ington aye. and Forty- fourth at., New York.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of Information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence . College,
Washington, D. C.
AGENTS— I have something new for you— lt's
a money maker: car fare th* only expense.
Address A. P. GROTJHER, 122 Boylston St.,
Boston, Mass. ■ ■ • '■
$25 A WEEK and expenses ' to sell cigars on
time: experience unnecessary: holiday goods.
W. L KLINE CO., St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED— A first-class , domestic dry \ goods
salesman. Apply to-day Sunday), frt«n 10 a.
m. to 4 p. m.. 523 Market st. ■
WANTED— An Al clothing 1 salesman. Apply
-day (Sunday), from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.,
623 Market «t. ■- ' : ■'■•;■--- -: • ■.. ■■ -
WANTED— An experienced hat salesman at
"RAPHAEL'S. 9-15 Kearny st. _________
COOK for boarding I house. j SW. corner Bay
and Webster sts. , ' -
TINSMITHS . wanted. Apply 49 Sacramento
street. »v~ ,1 '.»,;--.■,.■ -: ...■...,.■•..
ELDFRLY man for night watch. Call 2 p. m.,
- 421 Bush st. •<•.. ..,.•.<■•■ ■..:.....-.:'■.-. f.:v.,5- ,
--..;.. .- ■ : " ■'■ -■ - "•-.-■
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MAN for branch office; $75 and commission;
cash security required. Address C. MORTON,
general delivery. ■
WANTED— To empoly people on "How to Get
a Good Paying Position," a book that no em-
ploye should be without; it gives hints, points
and devices that will save Inconvenience and
put dollars into your pocket: postpaid, 25c.
Employes' Improvement Publishing Co., 927
Market St., San Francisco.
HANDY man at second-hand furniture repair-
ing. H. SCHELLHAAS, 408 11th st.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED spielers for shows. Apply
Monday In garden at Oakland Exposition.
SALESMAN; city or country: factory to con-
sumer; permanent: profitable. ELLEN-
a WOOD. 118 Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED boys' clothing salesman, who
understands window trimming, at ROOS
BROS. :
WANTED— TaiIor. Call to-day at 408% Lar-
kin st. V '■••■' *
WANTED for the U. S. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 35.
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For information ap-
ply to recruiting officer. 425 Montgomery St..
San Francisco. Cal.
.MANAGER— Good business manager, with $1500
for Oakland; active man or woman with
this amount will learn of a.i opportunity to
make $200 per month from the start; Investi-
gate. NO VITA COMPANY. 79 Dearborn St..
Chicago. » "
WANTED— Reliable men and women In every
town to work for us; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception; no delay;
fiend us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. Address Standard Art
Mfg. Co.. 142 West Twenty-third St., New
York City, room A.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 328
Bush st., room 4, third floor. - •
JEWELERS, wanted. 328 Bush St.. room 4
ADVERTISING solicitors wanted. 1049 How-
ard st. .
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal. -
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. ; 764 ft Mission
St., men to take rooms;. 10c, 15c and 23c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Franclsc" Barber College, 13Sft Eighth st.
' BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.
WANTED— First-class wood worker, with $2000
Address box 1957, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $1". 1542 Market St.
TRY Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.:
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms; 15c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 863*4 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 "th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes ■to order. $2 50; men's
soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
, clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 2.* c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
WE guarantee agents $50 weekly Introducing
instantaneous coloring process; colors silks,
satins, velvets, laces, feathers and all goods
In one minute; 500 per cent profit; one agent
made $28 in 6 hours. COMO MANUFAC-
TURING CO., Kansas City. Mo.
AGENTS wanted, male or female: new paying
business: big money for you; send address
for samples and full particulars free. CHAS.
MARSHALL. Manufacturer." Lockport, N. Y.
PLAYS, wigs, whiskers, paints, etc., for mas-
querades and ! stage make-ups; tricks and
novelties; illustrated catalogue free. Address
CHAS. MARSHALL, Manufacturer, Lock-
port, N. V. ; agents wanted.
DEWEY Publishing Co., Westfleld. Mass..
wants local agents for life of Admiral George
Dewey and Dewey family history.
SOMETHING new for good book agents. Ap-
ply before 1030 a. m. at 320 Sansome, room 60.
ACTIVE solicitors everywhere for "The Story
of the Philippines." by Murat Halstead. offi-
cial historian of War Department; written in
army camps at San Francisco, on Pacific with
Gen. Merritt. In Insurgent camps with Aguln-
aldo, on deck of the ' uympia with Dewey. and
in the roar of battle at fall of Manila; bo-
nanza for agents: large book: low prices: big
profits; freight paid: credit (riven: outfit free.
Dominion Co., Dept. H, Chicago.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty; just In. Greater West Advertising * Nov-
elty Co.. 1155 ft Washington St.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— By responsible couple, ' rooming
ouse 10 to 30 rooms; rent or take charge. •
Box 1618. Call office.
MAN and wife want furnished house . or cot-
tage in city; north of Market st. Box 1604.
Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— A room for an elderly lady In pri-
vate family for light housekeeping; would be
willing to assist In sewing or care of child;
rent reasonable. Address 8. 8.. 387 Hayes st.
WANTED— Furnished dining room In good lo-
cality: board given in exchange for rent. Box
1628. Call office.
TWO or 3 housekeeping rooms; state rent.
Address M. A. L., Postofnce box 2491.
WANTED— Unfurnished room; about $3 or $4
month; man Box 1996. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— paid for bell enunciator of not
less than 25 numbers. Box 1626. Call office.
GENT'S second-hand bicycle: late model; state
price; give particulars. Box 1505, Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL. 216 Post st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
rtttns: second-hand ,109 Montgomery st.
LOST.
STRAYED from 215 Bay St., a brown water
spaniel bitch on Wednesday afternoon, Nov.
16; scar on front leg. Finder will be re-
warded by returning her to above address.
GOLD watch fob; receive suitable reward at
100 Sacramento st. W. K. FREEMAN.
LARGE St. Bernard bitch all clipped; haa
medicine on back. Liberal reward, 811 How-
ard st. |
LOST— A fleur de lis pin of pearls. Return
to 1404 O'Farrell st. : reward.
OLD gold silver and diamonds bought at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
100 SHARES Mexican Mining Co. stock: No.
79,069. Return to M. S. MARTIN. .Pacific
Stock Exchange, city: transfer stopped.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering: sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. -
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, |yplng, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc. ; life scholarship. $50; low rates
per week and month. :
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey; assay, archlt.; day * eve.;
est. 1864. . VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
LESSONS given In English branches, French,
piano, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 603 Eddy st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238 Mar-
j ket st. : 400 positions secured in last 2 yearsi
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
BANJO, piano, violin, mandolin lessons, 50c;
satisfaction guaranteed.' 1027% Market st. ;
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught;, short time. Tarr. ; 672 Parrott bldg.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Calf
Subscriptions and ads taken.
___________________________
■ ._:..,'■..'- i\- .-•..* STUHauB. ■:>--:* -;.-.• ,,-.-.
ipiERCE^R^fDOLPH lTtor«e~and^lS[o^lnV"cor
_ Of flea 401 Post st., cor. Pow«U; t«l. _ia:a 9715.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER, the hairdresser, uses Quinonia for
a hair tonic; it's unsurpassed; 35c a bottle;
try it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c; Lederer's Foamo Shampoo is trie
most popular hair wash in the market; only
5c a package. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
MEN suffering from impaired vitality, weak-
ness, prostration, etc, may learn fee oi a
prompt cure by addressing DR. MADDUt-ii,
box 450, Fargo, North Dakota. • ,
HIGHLY educated gentleman will give Italian
or French lessons; reasonable. 1222 Pine st.
I WANT an envelope self-addressed, and I'll
tell you how to cure drunkenness without pa-
tients knowledge: don't send money. MRS.
MAY HAWKINS. Grand Rapids. Mich.,
Lock Box 131 "D. "
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; gents
25c. 77 Ninth st.
WALLACE'S system of dresscuttlng taught at
41M San Pablo aye., Oakland. .
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Batter.
IF rats and mice annoy you write S. S. MFO. !
CO.. Chicago. 111., for sure exterminator. ji
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy i
have your shoes made to order at store prices ■
by Family Shoe Factory. 1550-1554 Market st. i
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 906 Market st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome. upstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market «t- bet. 7th and Bth.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS. __
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; 8
F. Dress Cutting School: tailor suits: ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits
coats, capes, cycling suits: men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking: children's
dresses a specialty; prices reasonable. 334
Eddy st. _ i
TAYLOR. MRS. GRAY, stylish droesmak-
Ing; perfect fit guaranteed: evening waists a
specialty; reasonable. I ■
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses made over. 3 F.ddv St.. tins. 14-1. >.
. IRITVALISM.
ATTENTION!
Returned.
MRS DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and be*?
to Inform her patients, both old and new. that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
Market st. - ,
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are Interested In: business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies. /...'
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE, '
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs.,
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. 1027 1 * Mrkt.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth st.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing . me-
dium. 118 Halght st. •'■ - -
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8. 25c; sittings 11. 233 Valencia st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
Cl* AIR V O V ANTS.
MMD. WALTERS, the great card reader: ladies
25c, gents 50c. 931 Misslon,nr.6th; open Sunday.
MME. ANGUS, palmstry and clairvoyant card
reading; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mission st.
GYPSY life reader, 3 Seventh, rm. s— Ladles,
25c: gents, 50c; questions answered; no sign.
CONSULT the lucky medium. 349 ft Minna St.,
near Fifth.
MRS. JEPSON tells past, present, future: L.
50c: O. 11. 775 22d. bet. West & Brush. Oaklnd.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 472 Stevenson
St.. corner Sixth, room 10.
MME. LENEMAR. fort, by planets: predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold, '74; 23ft 6th, r. 3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, rm. 11.
MME. MOREAU, th« best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names Riven: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st.
MME.' SYBILLE, craft 1 !e to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 26c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farreil st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of Th« Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for tne same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 60c: teeth without plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason s'.s. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our speoialf- fillings. 50c: crowns. $3 50: all
—- ■• painless and warranted. Cnlcago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, gen"'ne Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
antee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
BET of teeth, $3; fillings, gold, $1 up; silver. 25c
up: bridge work: plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St.. corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings. 25c up all work pain-
lens and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth. $4: filling, gold 60c. silver 25c;
crowns $3; open 9 a. m. to 10 p. *-> Paris
Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market Ft., near
"Eleventh ; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work 1 reaso"->ble; gas - given.
ALL "-ork reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St. -
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841. Polk St. - _
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
33 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.,
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 394; GF.O. WOLCOM. Proprietor. •
LEGAL NOTICES.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re-
siding in and near Vancouver, B.C.,' during
the years IS9I to 1835, and afterward In Cali-
fornia, and was las.t heard of In Sonora,
Tuolumne County, Cal.. about June, 1896. will
apply to the undersigned he will hear of
something to his advantage. WELLS A
HIND, Solicitors, Nottingham. England. -
~~~ HOTEL FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Family hotel 76 rooms; corner: cen-
tral location: fine view; doing good business;
low rent: long lease. Inquire W. HEX-
DRICKSON. .room 614. Clous Spreckels bldg.
V ■..../■ TYPEWRITERS.
: ALL tpewrlters sold and rented: few partly
used for tale cheap; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Caligraph. ■ $16;, Yost. $25;
get MunpU work. SCOTT, 133 Montgomery at.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright 187 50 . .
Chlckering upright 235 00
'' Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each -piano.
Office of •
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis st, Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per m .nth, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
pts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHI.ER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
I DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise,
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS I
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
YOU want a piano. Why not call on us?
SCOTT. CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
sell, we buy for cash. We own our own
building. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. 526 Hayes st.
I AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, 1818 Market st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chick-
ering, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
A MAGNIFICENT high grade piano, slightly
used: cheap for cash. Room 10. Flood bldg.
$60— UPRIGHT piano; cost new $300; 5 monthly
Installments. 1115 Post st. ,
BARGAIN: good Steinway upright: cheap.
SCKMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
AN elegant Steinway. upright, for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Neiss aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 3CB Post st.
HAINES' Bros. and. other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER. maker, repairer. . 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Ealesyards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons.
harness, etc.. at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
* ket. 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
JUST arrived— carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Snlesyards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
THREE-QUARTER seat piano-box rubber tire
road buggy for sale cheap. Can be seen at
921 Sutter st. ■
WANTED— Second-hand furniture wagon. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
HORSE, harness and delivery wagon. 25 Pearl
St., bet Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
~ FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
ANGORA Cattery. 557 Ellis St.: telephone No.
Polk 912; thoroughbred Angora cats and kit-
tens for sale. . . -
STEAM engine, 1% horse power, $40. 610 Santa
Clara aye., Alameda. -
A GENUINE C. F. Martin guitar, for $29,
former price $45. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant.
FOR Sale — Carpets, furniture and range; all or
part. 233 Sanchez st.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
A NO. 1 family cow and calf for sale at 307
Thirtieth st. . . ..'. ; ■-.
FRESH milch cow and calf; fine milker ana
at a bargain. Apply E. O'NEIL, 87 State at.,
bet. 16th and 17th, Castro and Douglass.
ONE 37-ft launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 30- I
ft. sloop; 21-ft. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 36-ft. launch hull; 60-ft tug boat; bar-
gains; new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBRECHT. successor to San Francisco ;
Launch Co.. North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters. !
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.
above Sixth. j
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. €23 Golden Gate aye.
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removed. Yard. Fifteenth and Valencia. ;
CAL. Belting Co.. mfgs leather belting, lace lea- \
ther: pulleys cvr'd. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl. 935-952 Market.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlnris and want ads taken.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; "phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
. MEDICAL-
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; a sure and safe cure for
all female diseases from whatever cause;
all those who are sick or discouraged should
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will find her a
true friend; home for patients with every
comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. OWYER. 510 Eddy st. *
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure. $5. MRS. DR.
• WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies — only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
j avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated: no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 122S Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases ; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician: restores al-
ways In one. day; safe and sure; -no medi-
cine or Instruments used: consultation free:
saves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure.
$5. By, the well-known ladies' physician . for
87 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
, A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly:
consult free: confidential: hours. 9 a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
ALL married ladle* know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st; i
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 331 X st, Sacramento. CaU
DR. and MRS. WEOENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home in confinement, with every
' comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
"ALPEAU'S French pills, a boor? to 'adtes with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure;; $2 50;
pxpresppd C. O. D. ; oon't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. C. O. WISE, the ladles' specialist Office.
1148 Market st.'opp. 6th nearly. Cut this out.
A SAFE, easy and sure remedy for obesity.
Address box 1968. CaU of flee . ' : ,
ELEVENTH. 10«— Branch offlc» of Th» Call.
PubscrlpHong and arts taken. - ■
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O* Donnelly office
and residence, 1021^ Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — WE have buyers to Invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us _
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
— CORNER saloon; clears $75 month; a snap.
$225 — Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$250 — Restaurant; No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
$125— Branch bakery; Market St.; rent $15.
$200 — Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$450— BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety
store; near school; clears $75 month; 8 rooms;
rent $20; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant.
j $200— PARTNER wanted in beer bottling busi-
ness; have over 300 customers; tine horses,
wagons, etc. ; sure to clear $75 per month to
each. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
■ $125— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor, S
rooms; rent $15. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
A— sl7so; CORNER saloon; best on Market St.;
! $50 to $75 daily. KREDO _ CO.. 22% Geary.
A— $1100; GROCERY and bar; Hayes Valley;
established 14 years; must sell. KREDO &
CO., 22 1 , Geary st.
! A— sBso; CORNER grocery and bar; Third St.;
[ big business; living rooms. KREDO & CO.,
| 22% Geary st.
A— s2so; COFFEE and lunch; est. 20 years: $15
to $20 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary et.
I A— sl2s; DINING-ROOM; 30 steady boarders;
| good transient; clears .$lOO. KREDO & CO..
22% Geary st. . . ,
TWO special bargains In rooming houses;
finest location In city; doing splendid bus!-,
ness; special reason for selling: thorough in-
vestigation. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market.
A— BRANCH bakery, notions, candy: rare
bargain. S. H. GOULD &. CO., 632 Market.
A— S2SO— PARTNER- wanted in brokerage busi-
ness; 20 years old . well located: investigate
this. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.
A— CIGAR stands from $225 to $1500; all well
located and doing good paying business. S.
H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
CORNER saloon; best part of Mission;
large stock: fine fixtures, including $200 pool
table; big trade: 6 living rooms: cheap rent;
bargain. LOWENSTEIN. 1023% Market st.
FOR SALE— candy and delicatessen
store; on account of sickness. Apply at 2917
Sixteenth St.. near Howard.
FOR SALE— Branch bakery and delicacy store
at cost of fitting up; rent $13; sickness; inves-
tigate. 1129 Mission »t.
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwright. rm. 709, 927 Market.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole interest in best
paying restaurant in Oakland: present owner
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business in San Francisco; clearing $200
month guaranteed: fullest investigation and
trial before buying. E. E. BUNCE, «08
Broadway, Oakland.
$400 — PARTNER wanted in light business
where the services of a fclain, steady man
are preferred to hired help: business long
established and too much for one man: no
experience required; trial given; $18 to $30 a
week each. 117 Stockton St., front office.
BOOK store; established 11 years; stock above
$2000; price $2500 cash: no agents: no trifler*:
clears above $125 monthly and growing; low-
rent; living rooms; Investigation courted.
Address City, box 1614. Call office.
FOR SALE— Millinery store: best location In
the city; fine corner store; great bargain.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON& CO.. 1709 Market.
WANTED— General merchandise store in Cali-
fornia; must bear strictest Investigation.
Address box 1621, Call office.
PARTY with $1200 to $1500 for half interest in
good proposition: bear- investigation. Box
1506. Call office.
$150— BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good
location: living rooms; rent $8. 1669 Grove
st.. Oakland.
$3500— CASH business on Market st. : exchange
for city or country property. KESER, 2150
Folsom at. -
START a mall cracr business at home. Par-
ticulars for stamp. ORMOND CO., Dept. 73.
Chicago. " J\ .
PARTNER with $300 for country hotel; big
chance for right man. Box 1610, Call office.
OlL— Wanted capital to develop oil fields. Ad-
dress box 1625. Call office.
SHOE shop doing fine business; good location;
cheap rent. 332 Bush st.
NEW three-room ark for sale cheap. Box 481.
Call office, Oakland.
FOR SALE— Good oyster house. 307 Grant
avenue. ■ : "
$1000 TO $2000— For sale, a little country store;
a good chance for business. G. W. PLACE,
Newark.
DELICACY store, with furniture,' . for sale'
cheap. ? Inquire Call office. '» > »■: '*■< . tw ua ■>..
GOOD business proposition to right man; small
capital required; eetabd. trade: no experience
necessary. Box 3008. Call office. Oakland.
j FOR SALE— At Auburn 12-room lodging-house
and lot: latest Improvements: electric lights;
opposite depot; doing good business; a bar-
gain. Address box 1966, Call office.
DRUG STORE, clean and ', complete stock and
fixtures; in good location; investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Address box 1518,
Call office. '
CORNER grocery and bar; living rooms:
cause of selling death of proprietor. Apply
Washington Brewery, Lombard and Taylor.
BAKERY: only store trade; cash business;
with a fine, new brick oven. Apply at Call.
COFFEE and chop house for sale; cheap. 324
Larkln st. .
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
. States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
LODGING lIOLSES FOR o__L__.
H?"cT'dECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
48- ROOM CORNER HOUSE .".
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; easy payments $800
24-room house; new house and furniture.. 850
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
10 rooms; central; clears $50 460
SEE MY LIST IN TO-DAY'S.
CHRONICLE AND EXAMINER
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 ....:.. 450
65-room house; cost $8000; only 3500
10-room house; only •••• 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 560
46-room house; corner 1200
24 rooms; clears $100 600
14 rooms on Powell St.; new 650
22 rooms near City Hall 800
10 rooms; all rented; business street 300
100 rooms; corner: best on earth... .... u -. 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
. ABSTRACT FURNISHED
REMEMBER THE NUMBER
".".....1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH
H. C. DECKER
A-KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms ; transient fine corner 600
II rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent 600
12 rooms; McAllister: clears $50 325-
12 rooms; Golden Gate; elegant 900
14 rooms; all outside bay-windows 800
15 rooms; near Market; transient 300
15 rooms; Geary: clears $100 1000
17 rooms; elegant; O'Farrell; clears $160.. S6O
A— ssso: 87 rooms: best transient: clears $150 a
month. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st. ;■;■ .■•.-
12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine $800
76 rooms; select: transient; corner 3000
28 rooms; rent $55 ••• ff*
14 rooms; north of Market; clears $50 550
10 rooms; all new furniture ..^_6<M
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL.
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION. PRICE AND
__!_L^l - & -^-i 206i 206 - Market gt -
WE have no pictures to Insert, no fakes to
offer, but we assure y«u genuine bargains of
your choice of over 400 lodging houses: Honest
dealings is your safeguard with i us. Call
before buying. PACIFIC (OAST EX-
CHANGE, rooms 2 and 3. 1007% Market, st.
near Sixth: money to loan on houses bought
from us; to sell your lodging house quick
give us a call. _ : -
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
14 rooms; Geary St.; offer wanted $1100
16 rooms; corner and cheap rent; only 750
25 rooms; new; part cash 900
32 rooms; rent $90: fine 1300
66 rooms: will exchange (ranch) 3000
See Examiner and Chronicle
BARGAINS at National Agency. 7 Grant aye.:
10 rma.; Hyde ■*-. $250118 rms.; Post 5»t.... $6no
15 rms.; Third st. 550137 rms.: Howard... 700
20 rms.; Geary st. 600 60 rms.; Bush st... 1250
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A— 3o," 70 and 100 room houses to "let: also 300
flats at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st. • •— '.
LODGINO-HOUSE for" sale; 29 rooms; ail light:
f - H5O. 124 Second st.
FURNITURr FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms, bedroom, sitting
room and kitchen, cheap; In first-class condi-
tlon. 413 BartlPtt st. . .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
ADVICE free— W. ~1>! ADAMS, 607 Emma
Spreckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees In advance.. ,
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St. "
BICYCLES.
i SECOND-HAND bicycles from $9 up; new i,irl«'
wheels, . $18, new ; 1*97 high grade $100 bfoycls
for $?9; new tires. $2: new pedals. $l 25 a pair:
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE, Mb. and Folsom.CITY REAL ESTATE.
i G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
: % • REAL ESTATE AGENTS. -
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
POTRERO LOT AT A BARGAIN. .
$200— Worth $350; 25x100; handy to Union Iron
f"" oiks and street curs.
BEAUTIFUL PANORAMIC VIEWS.
> $9*Jo— Park Hill; PANORAMIC VIEWS. a
$990 — Park Hili; 26:1tix154:i»; commands a
view of almost the entire city.
A BARGAIN; MISSION COTTAGE.
$:'oo— Price greatly reduced to make Imme-
diate sale; only one block from Mlsslon-st. |
• r-irp; cottage of 5 rooms and large lot, £5x125; j
easy terms.
BOULEVARD CORNER LOT.
11800— Corner on First avenue; 25x115; good
location for first-class grocery or drug store;
.._ will be sold on easy terms.
ANOTHER CHEAP HOME.
Two-story house of li rooms and bath; j
brick foundation, etc, and lot; handy to Mis-
Bion-Bt. tars; small cash payment, balance
siuiie as rent.
GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
?:00O— tenement* and lot; rent $30 per
month: near Fourth and Folsom st 3.
FULTON-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$2250— Kast of Filimore St.; fine location for
flats: 25x137:6: street accepted; cheapest lot In
Western Addition.
TWO FLATS— GRAND BARGAIN.
BSoo— Rents $312 per annum: Pacific st. 2 1
(jDbstanllal flats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath |
eich ; house can be raised and store put below;
business location.
GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
— Vallejo st. ; 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath :
each; brick foundation; street accepted; rents
$354 per annum.
CHOICE LOTS.
$120 per foot— Hest residence location in the
Western Addition: lots any cisc; main drive i
to the Park; street accepted.
>TO MAKE IMMEDIATE SALE. '" .''
J.ISOO— Reduced from $4000; rents $360 per an- j
sum; Octavia st.. near Market; 2 cottages of ;
6 rooms each; 30x77 $2100 can remain if de-
sired.
RESIDENCE CHEAP.
$4906 " deride, near Halght; nice 2-story '
modern residence, S rooms and bath, bay-win- |
dows, brick foundation, etc.: 25:6x100; owner a;
non-resident, anxious to sell; will refuse no j
reasonable offer.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
THOSE TWO "NEW HOUSES,
IN ROE VALLEY
We spoke of last week are sold. Two very |
sensible families, seeing the chance they had j
been waiting for. and waking up to the folly j
of Increasing the landlords pocket-book- j
paying rent year in and year out and getting i
nothing in return— are the satisfied possessors j
of those two comfortable little homes In. the :
HEYMAN TRACT. "We have two more cot- j
tages, up-to-date and convenient In every
way, that can be had on the terms of your
usual rent money. So here are two more
chances. Take Mlaston-st, cars, transfer to
Twenty-second st., to Hoffman aye. and ask
for Mr. JAS. A. COTTER, resident agent.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
NEW 7-room-and-bath cottage just built,
with lot 25x120. on Ninth aye., between
California and Clement st?. ; $25 a month; it
contains all modern improvements. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$250 EACH— SS monthly: n.i interest; lots 25x
. '14; only 5 minutes' walk from Castro st. cars;
A rood lots to build on.
$75 each; $5 monthly; level building lots, 25x
120; only 2 blocks from San Mateo electric cars.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$360 LN $7 60 monthly payments will buy a lot 25x
100, with two cars; 1 block from the Ocean
Boulevard and electric road; cars as good as
a use and a fine health retreat: over 20
cars now being occupied. JACOB HEYMAN,
11 Montgomery St.
$10 MONTHLY will buy a new 3-room cottage,
including level lot, near Mission and Thir- [
tieth *ns. ; i rice $800; two sold in one week.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
REDUCED
REDUCED
REDUCED
' From $4000 to $3000.
A house of 7 rooms on Sacramento St.. near
■ivvorth; lot alone worth the price asked;
this is a snap; it must be sold.
1 . FINE KEY LOT.
27:6x137.6; in Presidio Heights, >. with a marine
view; price only $2500.
DOWN-TOWN RESIDENCE.
House of 16 rooms; would make a fine board-
ing-house; splendid lot 27:6x137:6; price $10,000.
PAYS GOOD INTEREST.
Four flats near Market St.; good brick build-
ing; rents $55 monthly; price $5000.
Send for our list of Pacific and Presidio
Heights lots, with marine view.
CHEAP LOTS'. CHEAP LOTS!
$9500— Pacific Heights corner; 45x100.
$5000— Pacific Heights lot; 42:6x107; fine view.
$4000— Scott, near. Washington; 25x110.
$2500— Shrader st., near Park entrance: 27:6
XIOO.
$3000— Scott and McAllister; any size.
— Clayton, near Page; 25x106.
$ISsO— Belvedere, near Waller; 25x120.
' $1325— Frederick St., near Cole; 25x137:6.
i $325 to $1000— Fine Potrero lots; terms.
— Fine level lots on bitumlnlzed streets
in the Mission; on terms if desired; all front-
ages.
V'.O— California, near 12th aye.; 25x100.
McAFEE BROS. McAFEE BROS..
j 108 Montgomery rt.. San Francisco.
THE CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY.
Issues policies of insurance upon realty titles,
which guarantee purchasers and their heirs
against losses from defective searches.
The company has a paid-up capital of $250,000
and a reserve fund of $25,000, which amply
guarantees every policy.
The leading banks accept its policies and loan
money upon the property of which the title Is
Insured without other search.
Having a complete, abstract plant, the com-
pany Is able to make and continue abstracts for
use of attorneys at shortest possible notice.
This company has established a Tax Regis-
tration Bureau whereby It procures and set-
tles your taxes. :
We see that bills are made out In your name,
and not that of some former owner. We see
your taxes are paid In two installments. That
you are advised of all street assessments and
Ilncumbrances and make a guaranteed report to
you in December of each year of the condition
of your property. Our fee is $3 per lot for each
rear. It Is worth more than that to save going
to the City Hall and trying to get your own
bills and pay them. ■ Special rates for each
other adjoining property and for a large num-
ber of properties.
This company also undertakes the care or
mortgages for Its customers, .relieving them
from all concern as to Insurance, taxes and
payment of interest.
Money loaned on real estate at current rates
of Interest.
Office— Mills building. San Francisco.
._ A. T. SPOTTis Manager.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO •
513 California st.
IMPROVED.
45:10x137:6; full water lot; improved; leased j
for 6 year* at $250 per month.
f?m Montgomery aye. through to 'oshlngton st.;
4 brick improvements; rents $190. 'ashington st. ;
brick Improvements: rents $190.
137:6x137 6: corner of Leav-enworth and Green-
wich sts.: 10 rooms and bath; rents $50; $12,000.
25x90; Turk st., near -ma; 3 new flats;
$11,000.
23x77; Jackson, near Taylor; rents $76; $SSO4.
23382:6; Hayee, near PtMner; flats; rent $42 50;
modern bay-window; $5750.
20x57:6; Corner Dupont and Hinckley; store
and \' '<rlng-h'use: rents $85: $10,000.
21x67:9; Powell, near Vallejo: rent $18; $6250.
24 - 3x63:9; Green, near Powell; new modern
boy-window flats; rents $38; $1500.
25x122:6: Shotwell. near 24th; 2 flats: $3800.
■' ' 25xS0; Guerrero, near 17th: flats; $3750.
25xS0: Clara, near oth: $3500. ,
26:9x76:9: corner Boardman place and Fargo
place; store and flat; rents $22; $2200. - *
17:6x57:6: Fllb*rt. near Varennes; $1400.
UNIMPROVED.
•50x71:10: SE corner Polk and Lombard.
25x115; Scott, near Washington.
25x55: 13th. near Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100: Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lota.
25:8x114; 28th. near Dolores.
Sliver "Trace homestead lots cheap.
SOL GET| & BROTHER.
ROOM • I A," CROCKER BUILDINO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. -
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY. \
,-•.;■ Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
$400. $550, $500 to SWO each: street graded, lots ]
ready "to build on; $25 down, $5 monthly..'
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Local agent on the Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 TO $800.
$100 to $300; lots near MUsron-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ &l BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
A BARGAIN at Ocean View— cottage. 7
rooms and bath; choice lot; only $1000; half
• cash. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery.
' 6-ROOM cottage home, windmill, tank, garden,
complete, near Frultvale Station; $200 cash,
$15 per month; see to-day. D. PRATT. Frult-
vale Station. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646
Market st., San Francisco.
A— BARGAIN: elegant new modern cottage, 5 |
rooms and bath; attic; 1105 Caetro St., near
23.1. Apply P. J. DONAHUE, Builder, 164
Preclta aye. ■ . ' . . v.-■ ■
WESTERN Addition, "2013 Turk St.— Comfort-
able 4-room cottage; nice garden: high base-"
ment; lot 24:6x137:6; must be sold; make an
offer. 1
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Kptabllnhed ISSS. C 26 Market st.
$750u— McAllister St., near Fillmore; two large
flats; paying good Income: lot 25x100.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes st.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street: rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush Bt., near Devl3adero; 7 rooms and
bath: lot 23x137 :«.
$5250— Gough st., near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31xb2:6.
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-first St., near Va-
lencia; rents $3y per month; lot 22x90.
$5000— O'Farrell, near Devlsadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
$2900 — Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchei; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Tweniy-first St., near
Castro: 5 rooms and stable; 2ix114.
$4000— Webster st., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x54:6.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga Et., near j
Twenty-third. 32:Cx117:6.
Hyde, near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60: only
$2500.
$2000— Cortland aye., comer Moultrle st. ; 32x
SO and 2-story house; worth $25 per month.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on HaiKht and Octavia ats.. 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust |
sts. ; 37:6x107:7. '
50 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000;
127:6x137:6.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 52x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2600 — Page, near Devisudeio; 25x137:6.
$2000— Twenty-fiiat Bt., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 2ixlOO.
$1250— Sixteenth St.. near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Se-enth aye.. near J St.: 20x120.
11800— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye.; 25x110.
Mew— Jersey St.. near Noe: 25x114.
California, near Second aye.; 25x100; $SOO.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine st., oppo- :
site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
$34. w0— Market St., near Twelfth; lot 50x125 !
feet; well improved.
$2250— Rent $30: a 3-flat on Broadway.
$1450— A 2-story 8-room house; south of the i
Mission; lot 25x100; make offer.
$600il— Rent $57; 3 houses on Harriet st.
$50.000— A fine block of dwellings on Polk St.,
near Post, including two corners.
$12.000 — 3 bay-window houses on Haight st., i
near Fillmore; lot 55x137.6.
$25,000, reduced from $33,000— A splendid prop- ;
erty on Larkin st., a few blocks north from the I
new City Hall; stores and flats; lot 48x137:6; j
paying 9 per cent on the price.
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
$13.000— Rent $&4 ; 4 splendid fiats on Fell St.,
near Masonic aye. ; lot 37:6x137:6.
$4250— Splendid cottage ;|fOak st.. near Lyon;
lot 25xlin ; fronting on park panhandle.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$62.500— Market st.; IVi blocks from the Bald- j
win. 4-story house; good size lots.
$100.000— Fine property on Kearny st., near
Market; large lot renting at $525 per month, ■
nearly 6 per cent net ground rent.
$42,500 — Taylor st.. near Market; large lot;
well Improved: stores and flats.
INCOME PROPERTY.
$3750— Rent $30; business property; store and ]
6-room flat upstairs.
! $5000— Rent $60: 4 flats on Geary St., near Dcv- :
| isadero: lot Kxl2C.
j $:,75(K-Rent $47; store and two flats; Geary st..
near Fillmore.
$240(> — Rent $25; double flats near Sixth and
Bryant sts.
FOR Sale — t-room and bath cottage: large lot;
very cheap and easy terms. Apply 47 Cha-
pultepec st.
$2400— COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; one, $2675. 5
rooms and attic; easy terms. J. ANDERSON,
builder, Liberty St., nr. Castro, or 340 Jersey.
$250— BEAUTIFUL lots, 25x100 each, in Ei"-
celflor Homestead; ready to build on; $5
monthly or will build to order on easy terms.
J. W. WRIGHT & CO., 630 Market st.
460 ACRES, A!ameda County; large oaks,
springs, house, fence: value $4600; will ex-
change for ranch in -Shasta or Lassen County.
L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
MODERN 10-room house, Western Addition:
sunny side: centrally located. Box 1603, Call.
C. C. BEMIS.
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice buildinr lot on Army and Twenty-
Beventh sts. : close to electric road.
$5000 — Good corner for store; must b« sold;
lot 62:4X60 feet.
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
50-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park,.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Barga in— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
st ; 103x95 feet.
PRICE reduced to $4000: one of the best corners
on Dolores St.; lot 33x5<0; elegant residence
of 7 rooms and bath on end of lot: enough
vacant ground to build a store and flats
above: house is new and all rooms nre finely
decorated in latest style: terms $1200 cash,
balance In monthly installments. See owner
at 232 Liberty st., near Dolores.
NICE cnttaee in the Potrero; 5 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100. 245 Texas st.. near 18th.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR cheap and desirable country home near
Watsonvllle, the home of the apple and sugar
beet, send for catalogue. R. P. QUi-«N, real
estate, Watsonvllle, Cal.
FOUR acres well improved; 1 mile from P»ta-
luma: cheap. Address box 472. Petaluma.
HONEY TO LOAN.
TO LEND. SUMS FROM $500 TO $50,000. at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J. |
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3. j
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF- I
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympia Music Hall, j
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market Bt.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
nny proposition. Dryden. <13 Montgomery at.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AXAML.UA RE AX ESTATE.
2 FINE modern houses in the choicest part of
Alameda; reduced to $3000 each; half cash.
McAFEE BROS,. 108 Montgomery St., S. F.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $ISOO. $2200, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown upon the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and ;.re finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We nre going to weed them out. and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 630 Market St..
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$1400— TO close an estate: lot 40x100, modern
house. 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000 — Snap; lot 60x160; house of 4 rooms; 3
blocks from Morton st. station.
$2800— New Colonial cottage. 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye. ; lot 50x207. Sea
this at once. Houses to let in all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL ft CO.
$250— LOT 25x108: $40 cash, $10 per month; love-
ly new cottage and lot In duplicate, $2000.
Terms and owner, 1243 Park st.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment horn*
builders and real estats agents. 1600 Park st..
Alameda. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR RENT— Beautiful Tiew house of 7 rooms
and bath; large reception hall; 2 mantels;
located near Oakland race track; rent $12
per month. 
$475— Great bargain; owner must sell; going
Easf house of 2 rooms and basement; stable,
chicken houses; comer lot; 35x125; all fenced;
ccmen' walk; convenient to local train.
$1050— Cost owner $lb00; for sale; East Oak-
land; bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms and
bath; high basement; corner lot; $100 cash; bal-
ance on ea«y terms.
$1650— Cottage of 5 rooms; high basement:
front and back porch; rood stable; 4 chicken
houses; fine artesian well; windmill and tank;
fruit trees: lot 6.1x150; all fenced.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station, Cal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
A LIST
OF
BARGAINS.
PRICE $29,000. . RENT $2300 PER ANNUM.
Northwest corner in Western Addition; 2 new j
buildings, containing 6 flats, just completed; all
rented; income $2300 per year; for sale at a I
bargain; no reasonable offer refused; lot 50x
106:3.
$2750— Union St., near Taylor; 2 flats of 4 and
6 rooms; rent $24; lot has two frontages.
$12,500— L0t 35x136; Hayes, near Webster;
rent $100; three large flats, all rented and in
good repair.
$7500— wanted; Sacramento st., near
Broderick; rent $62; lot 27x105; improvements,
flats.
$3500— Rent $33; Central aye., near Golden
Gate; lot 27:6x110; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms; ail
rented.
$10,000— Very handsome, brand-new building,
Just completed; rent $100: large corner lot; this
building contains 3 corner flats of 6 rooms and
bath, etc.. each; very sunny and very attrac-
tive.
$8500— Page st., close to town; 3 new flats; all
rented for $S0; sunny side of street; large lot.
$2000— Small amount of cash required; very j
attractive bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and j
bath, etc., on Jersey St.. near Castro.
$5000— Rent $60; all rented; Shipley St., near i
Sixth; 5 flats; lot 25x75; good Interest- ,
property. . ...; . • ~'-'t~'.
$7000— Rent $67 50; 3 flats. 5, 5 and 6 rooms;
brick foundation; all rented; Larkin St.. near
Vallejo; offer wanted. ':^-*~j
$7750— A great bargain: rent $82; 2 stores and i
flats: extra large corner lot 50x100. on one of |
i the best business streets In the Mission; cars
i pass the property.
$7000— Hyde St., near Ellis; 2-story and base-
ment house of 10 rooms and bath.
CHEAP LOTS.
■ Fine view; Lake st., near 23d aye.; Sunny
side of street; grand view of Bakers Beach.
NICE COTTAGE IN RICHMOND. "
$2300— Fourteenth aye., near Clement- St..
contains 6 rooms, bath and high basement; lot
25x137:6.
I FILBERT-STREET COTTAGE. V»'.
$2000— A bargain; Filbert st., near Laguna;
contains 6 rooms and bath; also driveway ■ and
stable; lot 25x137:6.
A FINE SPECULATION.
$SOOO— wanted; all of block No. 176,
Homer's Addition, fronting on Castro, Dia-
1 mond, Twenty-eighth and Valley f>ts. ; 46 build-
ing lots; can be sold at good profit.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
66 LOTS SOLD.
PRICE ONLY $275.
TERMS $5 MONTHLY.
The sale of lots in the two blocks south of the
Park, which we subdivided about 30 days ago,
has been the most rapid sale of lots ever known
: in San Francisco.
We believe that the reason they are selling
so fast is because there never were such de-
sirable lots offered at such low prices.
$275 UPWARD.
Terms, $23 Cash, $5 Monthly. Have You Seen
Them?
Facing on Bth, 9th. 10th and 11th ayes., south
of and not far from Golden Gate Park. Lots
graded and ready for the builder.
Magnificent views, overlooking Golden Gate
| Park, Golden Gate and the city. Property lies
on gentle slope running up from the Park;
j splendid drainage; sheltered from the winds by
hills to the westward; near the Affiliated Col-
leges and not far from all the principal Park
attractions.
I BE SURE AND PEE THEM AT ONCE.
Take Haight or Ellis street-cars and transfer
i to the new electric road (taking the place of
the old steam dummy), get off car at Ninth
| aye. and H st. We have a branch office there, ,
; open daily (Sundays and holidays Included). I
i Blue cars on Mission and Ellis streets run
direct from the ferries.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
i 10 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
$1000 WANTED on 2 cottages; rent $16 per
month; interest 8 per cent; principals only.
S., box 111. Call office. Oakland.
| MONEY wanted— Liberal rate of interest paid;
| good security offered; owner only. Address
Mcney, box 1361, Call office. - a'
$1500 WANTED for 6 or 12 months" 10 per cent;
on good indorsed or Joint note. Box 1619, Call.
WANTED— S32OO on Oakland real estate; se-
| curity. Call 232 Noe st.
; — — -
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
RANCH wanted in exchange for fine 7-room
■house, 2 corner lots, Folsom m. ; near four car
lines, S. F., Bernal Height*; also large San j
Pedro lot, near new Government harbor; will
sell "£3600 cash. Owner, Call office, Oakland.
SMALL ranch wanted In exchange for Los
Angeles property; value $2000. Address G. T.
LITTLE. 870 Broadway. ■
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To buy 3 lots; the lot not over $50;
near or in Butchertown. 604 Minna st.
j WANTED— 2 to 10 acres land within 50
miles of city: suitable for a country home.
Send particulars to box 1511, Call office.
| OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
$5000— ELEGANT residence and grounds; re-
duced from $8500. . '.'.,.;
$2100—3 flats; rented $30 month.
$2350— Fine 2-story residence. 9 rooms, at
auction price and best of location.
$5000—1000 acres in Alameda County; sale
or trade.
$40 per acre for SO acres; all in full bear-
ing fruits; variety; formerly A. T. Hatch
celebrated property and Is the best snap now
offered in the State. ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland. . r> ■:■.
1000-ACRE stock ranch; Sonoma County; only
$5000; trade for property here. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— house for ranch; Southern
California; all bearing; 13 acres; clear. C. K.
KING. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
6 ACRES near Santa Rosa; in fruit and al-
f alfa; trade for Oakland place. C. K. KING,
Ml Broadway, Oakland.
CHOICE Met of homes, from $1500 upward, at
great bargains; send for 30-page catalogue of
homes. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land. '
A— ssso, payable $5 monthly, will buy one of
those new 3-room cottsfces. with lot 60x125, I
or 4 rooms and bath, $750, $7 60 a month, In j
the Alvin Tract; street macadamized; take \
Haywards local train to Elmhurst. station;
train stops In front of the Alvin Tract; or
Haywards electric car , to Jones aye. ; free
carriage meets electric cars on Sundays, j
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st., San
Francisco, or 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
$400 CASH, $8 monthly, will buy a handsome s-
room cottage, bath, and everything about It
modern; very large lot; location the. best In
Oakland: fine soil; grand view, yet level;
nice homes surrounding; a property for • a
home worth seeing; streets all macadamized;
fine school and electric cars near by; city
water and sewer; entire price $1250; a few
fine large lots $125; $10. $5 monthly upward;
also 3 choice corner lots at a bargain; Ga-
Undo Settlement, , East Oakland. Call or
send for circular to 456 Seventh St., corner.
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES. Owner. ■ -. .. . . " '
A SNAP
6-room 2-story \ modern; lot 200x135; fenced;
windmill and tank: water piped over grounds:
$2000; one-half cash. .
6-room cottage; modern; !ot 37x100; $1500. . - .
2 flats, 4 rooms each; modern; cement base-
! ments; $1100.
6-room cottage: modern; lot 60x125; $1175.
2-story. 7-room; modern; lot 50x150; $1300: $300
! cash, balance $15 per month. W. M. ALLISON
i & CO.. 463 Ninth st., Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL cozy home near station on broad-
gauge line. In one of the best neighborhoods
In Oakland: 7 rooms and bath; open nickel-
plated plumbing; sandstone . chimney: large
reception hall; modern and complete In ev«ry
particular; for sale at a bargain: terms, to
Buit: call at once for particulars. Lake Shore
Land ■ Co., A. H. BREED, . Manager, 1070
Broadway. Oakland.
•NEW 6-room cottage, high basement, all mod- 1
em Improvements. , and 4; vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks: $200
down, balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co.. 1145 E. 14th St., nr. 23d aye.. E. Oakland.'
FOR ale or exchange for 8." T. profterty— s-
rm, house, bath: nr. train. Box 421, Owl.' Oak.
~~" OAKLAND HOUSES. ' . __
MODERN 6-room flats. $12 to $17: no dark ran. :
stove and porcelain bath: water, ash man
free: Adeline -station. Oakland: key 940. Union
ut. TTOiJ'VTri <- KP<">T,T, innfi Bwiiiwav, '.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING j ItOOllS. \
I BROADWAY. 1229— Unfum houßekpg rooms,
carpets: reasonable to responsible parties.
! OAKLAND FURNITURE KOR SACK.
j Fl'RNni i. •n-i «■*»••■ M - MXI 1.-
. HAAP' i'\A ,-»t«*r>-.- <n« F'-v-"-— ■»•«..■»!-. .<
BERKELEY.' REAL. ESTATK. : ..
ALTA PUNTA ; Tract < again on th» f market;
prices reduced ; >on - San - Pablo aye.. $ miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. ' Send for map to Q. . W. H AIGHT.
, 220 Sansome lit.. B. F. . ' -.- ■ - -.■ ',-;
5 -room cottage ; bath, laundry; 1% acres.
I 12 mln. walk to Berkeley stn. ; Freese A Cod-*
dlngtcn, 2U9 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
HOUSES TO LET. -;^j^y :
AT 26 Morris aye.. off Harrison St.. near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair. $11;
water free; big yard; big cellar.
FINE modern house. 9 rooms, bath; every con-
venience; rent $36; S3 Sam-hex St., near four-
teenth. BALDWIN * HOW__L, 10 Mont-
gomery st. . ■ _____
FRANKLIN. 2264, between Pacific and Broad-
way-Sty Heh residence. 12 rooms bath etc.
For full particulars apply MADISON &
BURKE, 626 Market st ■ » - -■-■•■
HOWARD, Elegant sunny house, 9 rooms
and bath: basement and yard; rent reduced to
reliable parties.- . .. - ■■- -
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath In good order; |
sunny side. 262 O'Farrell at. - ■
HYDE, Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath ,
In good order. Apply 418 Hyde st.
MODERN residence, 3415 Jackson st ; grand
view; 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
6 BURKE. 626 Market st. -
OAK 29,- near Market— l2-room house; rent
$40; permanent roomers still in house, who
pay $25 per month, desire to stay; reliable
tenant only. Apply to 15, Grant aye.
PIERCE. 2041, near Sacramento— Modern sunny
residence, 10 rooms, bath, etc.; select loca-
tion; half a block from I cable lines; rent
$65. Apply to . MADISON & BURKE, 626
Market st. , . 
PEARL, 30, bet. Market and Thirteenth— s
sunny rooms and bath, $21. ■ ' ' '
PERRY. 208. near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to Q. H. UMB-
BEN _ CO. ■ - ■ ■
SEVENTH; House of 8 rooms and bath;
rent cheap. Key op' premises.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN - HOWELJU 10 Mont-
- tromery st. '
$32 50—3120 21st st, near Capp; 7 rooms, bath.
' $28—710 Capp st. 9 rooms, bath.
$27 50—2423 California St.; 8 rooms, bath.
$25—2726 Mission St.; 9 rooms, bath.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED houses TO LET.
" i
THE HOB art RESIDENCE,
Southwest corner of Van ess Jive, ana i
Washington st.; this residence is handsom. !
furnished; has every modern convenience; ;
passenger elevator; lighted by both gas and
electricity; sanitary plumbing; admission by
permit only. . ,
For full particulars apply to
A. J. RICH & CO., Real Estate Agents. 11 J
Montgomery st. : : i." -'">
(COTTAGES TO LET.
COLLING WOOD. 218— Cottage and stable; 4*
rooms; largo yard. Apply MADISON _
BURKE, 626 Market st. ■..--.' . '
TREAT aye., 1117—4 rooms; rent cheap.
6 R bath, 210 Acadla St., nr. power house
Bpr'eckels Elec. Road, $14; or will sell, $200
cash, bat. $15 mo. MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Mkt.
$15— COTTAGE. 4 rooms, bath; basement; upper
flat. 5 rooms. Apply at 220 Thirteenth st.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 1142 Golden Gate aye.— Lower and middle
flat; 6 rms.; modern conveniences; sunny side.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper flat, 5 rooms and
bath; unfurnished; modern; $12: water free.
2819 Golden Gate aye. or LET, 401 Geary.
CHATTANOOGA. 119^-Flat. 5 room; bath;
yard ; modern improvements. ■■ ■
CLAYTON, 874, south of Frederick—
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath. __■
FLAT 4 rooms and bath. 904 Minna st., near
Tenth _ .■- ' •
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms, bath; modern Im-
provements. 3435 Twentieth St.. bet. How-
and Capp; rent reduced.
FRANKLIN, Corner upper flat 6 rooms and
bath; near Golden Gate aye.
GEARY, 1905— 515; upper flat, 6 rooms and
bath. '.- , '
GEARY, 2287— Upper flat, 3 room* and bath;
rent $12. - - __
HAVES. 339- Branch office of The CalL Sub-
scriptions iand»iiJ__K_______ ■ ■
LEAVENWORTH. Upper flat of 5 room*;
gas; bath; rent $16. ■ -■-■ --' ■■■
LOMBARD, 517 A —Five sunny rooms and bath;
modern; flue view; reasonable.
MINNA 559— New. flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent
*- z - ' -■-••■ -■■ . ■>»--; -■;»■,-■-■ t
'MUST be seen to be appreciated; upper flat,
7 rooms and bath; modern improvements:
newly painted. . 1«35 Golden Gate aye. •
SEE those modern flats, 6 rooms , and bath,
104»_ Haight and 133 Octavia; rents low: cen-
tral location. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market at. .: - ■ ■ -."--- -
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage. 6 rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th.
THANKSGIVING week we will offer 10 to 80
days' free rent to every flat or house we rent:
we have ten flats, 3 rooms, $7; cozy 5- room
cottages, $12. etc., at SPECK & CO.'3, 60i'
Market st. . - :
TO LET— 2 flats; modern Imp.; will let cheap;
4 rooms. . 3176 A Sixteenth St.. near Guerrero.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms. 125 Ash aye., bet. Polk,
Van Ness, McAllister arid Fulton.
VALENCIA, 187— Flat of 3 large sunny rooms;
rent reasonable. I
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELU 10 M»_t-
gomery st. ______
$35—3130 WASHINGTON; 8 rooms, bath.
$22 50—2516 Mission; 6 rooms, bath.
$21—123 Hermann; corner; 6 rooms, bath.
j20— 1807 Eddy; 4 rooms, bath. .-
$18— 207 Second; 7 rooms. i
$18-*-904 Shotwell; 6 rooms, bath.
$17—117 Hermann; 5 rooms, bath. A **;
$16—1106 Treat aye. : 4 room*, bath.
$16—1845 Union: 6 rooms, bath.
$16—1486 Fifteenth, cor. Howard; 5 rooms.
$15— McLea ; 5 rooms, bath.
$14—2416 Mission; 4 rooms, bath.
W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
$12 $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 6 and
6' rooms. 2209 Geary st. •
$13— COZY lower flat of 4 rooms, bath and
yard. 10 Shotwell St.. near Fourteenth.
$25— MODERN flat of 8 rooms, bath; 1 or 2
families. 1128 Howard st.
FLAT of 4 rooms. 126 Page St.. between
Gough and Octavia.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the . United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
paid. . i __.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A LARGE- nice sunny room, complete for
housekeeping; folding bed; new stove; suit-
able for 2 persons; $6 per month. Apply shoe
store, 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BRYANT, 1101. corner - Ninth— front- house-
keeping 'rooms; furnished complete; cheap. ■
CALIFORNIA, 705 — Rooms: light housekeeping;
furnished and unfurnished; other T-nmn.
DOLORES, 382. near Sixteenth— house-
keeping, 1 4 rooms nearly furnished ; fine cook
stove yard. • •' - - . » ■
EDDY 207— Large double rooms; housekeeping;
gas and bath; quiet house; reasonable.
EDDY 917— Very I desirable sunny connecting
. housekeeping rooms; private residence; : no.
children. '■ " ' ■ •--■'' '•
ELLIS, — 4 sunny unfurnished rooms. Call
Ito4. - • -•'■.-: .■-■■:■-■ -■ - -- •
FIFTH 3?2— Large . sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FILLMORE, 618, near Hayes— Sunny house-
keeping '- rooms and others; running water;
with yard. ' ■ ■'■'-■ ■*• ' ■"'' '-" - : '•
FOLSOM, 870— Sunny nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent reasonable. - .
FOLSOM, 2848— or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap.' : . . ' , *.: i-'~\.-" "."
GEARY — Bunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms;' light housekeeping; cheap. - -.;-■
GEARY, 18124—3 large sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; no children. ■ . . '; ■■'.
GOLDEN - GATE aye., 1 404— Large, light alcove
room, complete; gas stove; folding-bed; $_!■ :.-
GOLDEN GATE. 1050— large sunny well
furnished rooms; light housekeeping; gas;
stove; bath and free telephone. ->,r<
GROVE, 202, corner. Van Ness aye. un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range. •
GROVE. 417» / 4— : A. furnished and ' unfurnished
room to let. , * ■ ■"■ ■
HOWARD, 525— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
complete; and others reasonable.: ' ..V ;.
HOWARD, 78H4— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite, kitchen: man and wife; reasonable. .
HOWARD, Sunny, front rooms, bath; rea-
: sonable; single man or man ' and wife. ..:..:
JESSIE 439— Eth and 6th— sunny connect-
ing, rooms furnished complete; housekpg; $14.
JONES, 1610—1 or 2 sunny rooms, for housekeep-
ing; reasonable.' .- V: ■■-- '■_■ ■■- -. ;.- J
LARKIN 1411— or 3 furnished rooms;, reason
able; stove, bath; single, $4 to $9; laundry. -;
LARKIN, Large sunny front rooms neatly
furnished, .$8 and $9;. housekeeping. .-.>,,,.:. 
LEAVENWORTH, i' 615—2 * sunny rooms. . ' com-
■-■ plete for housekepelng; cheap. ■:■ y.- ' ;:. ;. > ■ ■ -~ ■■
£_A/YEN WORTH. 1508,. near . Jackson— I
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
.^.v. •--.-•. ....... ■■ . -■.:-.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
MARKET. 1597— 2 ' rooms; 1 partly furnished.
MASON, 805 — 2 sunny unfurnished room* suit-
able for housekeeping; rent reasonable. > -?
MCALLISTER. 408 — or 6 unfurnished rooms
and bath; rent cheap.- *.- . .'■•
McDERMOTT place, 1. off Jones, bet. Eddy
and Turk— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms. ■■;,,. ,
MINNA, ' 281. corner Fourth— Furnished house-
kpg complete; front double and single; chp.
MISSION, 834—2 sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; also others, $1 25 up.
MISSION, Furnished rooms; light house-
keeping; reasonable.
MISSION. 1129— Large sunny front room; ele-
gantly furnished, grate; light housekeeping.
MISSION, 112314— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping, iJiP?L_Zl___iL__l__________________
OAK, • 1193, near Park— Small furnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny; gas stove; use of par-
lor and piano.
OCTAVIA. 311. bet. Oak and Fell— Sunny fur-
nished rooms and floor for housekeeping;
very cheap. .__ ■"'- '-- ■«.
OCTAVIA, 1410, hear Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
O'FARRELL. 536— Large sunny furnished front
rm. ; single rm.. light hkpg. privilege: reas.
POST Furnished rooms for housekeeping;
gas. bath, running water; other rooms cheap.
POST Front and back parlor; conven-
iences for housekeeping; French family; prl.
SEVENTH, 262— Housekeeping rms.; newly pa-
pered; sun all day; large yard; also fur rm.rs.
SEVFNTH. 32S' / 4— 3 large sunny unfurnished
rooms; running water; boiler; balcony; cheap.
SHOTWELL. 324, bet. . 17th and ISth— Newly
furnished sunny housekeeping rooms. _
SIXTH, 216H— Sunny large front rooms also
suites; light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
SIXTH 420— Sunny bay-window rooms; house-
keeping; run, water, bath; also single mis.
SIXTH, 661, In the rear— 3 large unfurnished
rooms; cellar and yard. - -
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping. . .•--.-■ ■'
STEVENSON, 537— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping. _^ '
THIRD, 309—2 large furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping. $10 a month.
UNION, 1106—2 furnished rooms, folding bed,
stove, hot and cold water, yard. $10.
VAN NESS, Light housekeeping: $6 and
$10: bath, gas, etc. ;
8 UNFURNISHED housekeeping rooms, bath
and gas stove. Apply 1033 Post, near Polk.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable,
AT Hyde, 609, Butter. 719— Sunny; choice;
reasonable; appreciated If seen.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 50c. . ■■}■■ ■
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— hands:
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev tr;tel.
BUSH, 421 — Furnished and houcekeeping
i rooms. ■
BUSH, 676— Newly furnished bay-window suite;
also co— single room. : • v
BUSH, 805 — Nicely furnished double rooms, $7
a month; other rooms; reasonable. -".v-.:-.
CALIFORNIA, SS2— Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board If desired.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, US— Sunny front rooms, $8 and upward;
also. pleasant single rooms. $6 and upward.
FILLMORE. 22128— 54; sunny furnished or un-
furnished front room.
FOLSOM. 1036%— Sunny front bay-window
room; bath; private.
FOURTH. 108— Nice sunny rooms; single or
double; very reasonable; private.
GEARY, 378— Large sunny room; private fam-
ily; bath; gaa; rent $8. .
GEARY, 656— Elegant sunny suite parlors; other
sunny rooms; light housekeeping. ►;•*'->'
GEARY. 610— Large newly furnished hay-win-
dow room; also hou«ek«eplng and single rms.
GEARY. 611— Sunny double and single rooms,
$6 and $8. .
GEARY. 'BO6 Newly furnished suite or single;
no other lodgers: central location.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Bft— Nicely furnished
rooms. $6 and $8. .
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 402— Sunny furnished
suite for man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATE, 435— Nicely furnished front
room; running water, bath, etc. ' : .
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week $1 to $4; reading-room: Howard cars.
GROVE. 615—1 large sunny room with grate;
all modern Improvements; reasonable.'
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. *
HASKELL, The. 121 Powell st.— Cheap, neat,
Sight, sunny rooms: transients, gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms. ; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 714— Single furnished rooms, $4 and
$5 a month.
HOWARD, 874— Sunny front rooms; cheap.
LEAVENWORTH, 512%— Nice sunny rooms;
German family; cheap. ■
MASON, 2115— Unfurnished rooms, $2 50 up;
call afternoons.
. MCALLISTER. 2520, block from park— Sunny
furnished room; bath; single man or lady.
MINNA, 28— Single and double rooms, 75c and
$1 per week; beds. 60c per week. ,
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay.
window room, $1 per week; transient. .-*---
OAK 115— Pleasant front room in German fam-
. lly;' upstairs. MRS. KAUFNER.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 224— Sunny front suite, $6 week;
single rm.. double bed, 12 50; run, water: tran.
O'FARRELL, 637— R00m • suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen: private family.
O'FARRELL. 770— Single room and sunny front
room; newly furnished: moderate.
POLK, 610, between Turk and Eddy— Hand-
somely furnished eunny front and back par-
lors, together or' separate. In a private Amer-
ican family; gas and bath. v ■ ■ ■■-
POST, — Large neatly furnished room;
rent $». '■
POST, Newly furnished rooms; double,
single; gas, bath; sunny; quiet. _____'
POWELL Nice furnished sunny •ront
rooms suitable, for 2; board if desired; term*
reasonable.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; leasonable.
SEVENTH, 229— Sunny single furnished room,
$4 50. ' . . ' J"' ' '
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 70S — 2 rooms, furnished. or unfur-
nished; hot and cold water; Mission warm
. belt. .- . ■>
STEVENSON, Nice sunny furnished rooms,
. neat and clean; also transient.
TEHAMA, 310 A— of two furnished rooms.
Call between 6 and 7 p. m. "' ■"'■"
THE BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St., coiner How-
ard—Best appointed: centrally located: rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night: $1 25 to $5
week; open all night; Howard-st. cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains. ---
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp Cough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites:
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TWELFTH, 223B— Newly . furnished room for
: 2 gentlemen; gas and bath; private. > ■-.:
TWENTY-FIRST, 3314, near Valencia—
furnished alcove front room, with : hot and
cold water, gas and bath, suitable for 1, rent
', .cheap; also a single room,' with hot and cold
water. $6: private family. _ •-'■-' ■
WASHINGTON, Changed hands; renovat-
ed: sunny unfurn. rms.: offices; run, water.
$4 MONTH— Bed and sitting room combined:
sunny: furnished: gentleman. Box 1601. Call.
CHILDREN 3OARDED.
"WIDOW would like J children to board; : fur-
, nished room for parent.; 61 Clara st. ; ..J
INFANT *or small child ; good home; $10 a
month. 210 Lexington aye. ... -. -v;
- ■:. - stores to let. j i- ; ■ /^l"
PART of store, | suitable . for delicacies, in con-
_ nection with butcher and fruit store; $15. 1005
t ! Guerrero : st., near : Twenty-second. • ■■'-
STORE with living apartments, suitable for
• harnessmaker or ; plumber. : Apply _ 414 : Bran-
■ nan St.: •:..,,.■.■,--■:;. •-"•■■ •/-'.-'.-"•■-■-■'
' STORE ; i 242 Sixth St.; ; best business * location
, rent reasonable. Apply MADISON _ BURKE.
: 626 Market st. ..-■■: •-■■-• '. -' -■ : .-■ ; '-.
STORE corner Lafayette and. Howard; fixtures
for saloon. Apply 2833 Mission et.
ROOMS AND nOARD^^^
ELEGANTLY furnished large sunny room,
with board, for couple. $45; first-class cook;
home comforts; piano: telephone. Box 1607,
! Call office. •,..:- -: ■
BOA KDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
FIRST — Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
GO to 122V4 Turk st. for fine Turkey dinner, 4
to 7 p. m., 25c; home cooking.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 Sutter st., ron-r
Jones— Best location In the city; Uegantlv
furnished; accommodations first-class; ele-
vator: suites with board, $50 up: single rooms
accordingly. Please apply between 10 a. m.
and 8 p. m.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; -first class* In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOTEL VANCOUVER has reopened dining
room; under new management; board, $25 up.
■ 1001 Sutter st.
"IRVING." 1070 Valencia st.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds: with board; reasonable.
LYON, 1309-^2 sunny front rooms with or with-
out board. -
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
Ing: parlor; piano; bath- gents: special rates.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished room, with
board. $4 and $5; home cooking.
SUTTER, Elegant room, and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed: reasonable.
OFFICES TC^LIET. __
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st.:
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARTVVER. room 210.
MARKET. 10081*. opp. Fifth— Suite of unfur-
nished room* for doctor or dentist. /
OFFICE to let at 1065 Market St., opposite
Jones; newly furnished.
MABHIAGE LICENSES.
■ Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Lloyd E. Gough and Nellie M. G11dd0n.... 22-27
G. H. Brunotte and Mary E. McLatchle..3o-2S j
Joao T. Morals and Marinana E. A1m05....25-22 \
John McG. Blddle and Ethel S. Murphey. 33-24
John A. Dunne and Annie Murray 30-34
Robert M. Winson and Alice A. Jackson 27-27
_. P. Fleischner and Olive A. Coulter 24-18
John W. Kettle and Ella L. King 37-26
Jesse B. Croswell and Isabel Hitchcock. .. .27-22
Ralph H. Holtt and Marie A. Schubert.... 26-21
BIRTHS— MAR£IA6Eg— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent, by
mall will not be- inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication office* and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BEALE— this city. November 15, 1898, to the
wife of John J. Beale. a son.
DODGE— In this city, November 18. 1898, to the
wife of J. L. Dodge (formerly Phoebe L.
Nolte), a son.
EICHLER— this city, November 19, 1898, to
the wife of Dr. Alfred Elchler, a daughter.
FEENEY— In this city, November 2. 1898, to the
wife of James A. Feeney. a daughter.
HAGGETT— this city. November 14, 1898, to
■ the wife of James Haggett, a Bon.
HEILEMANN— In Lorln, November 16. 1898, to
the wife of William H. Hellemann. a daugh-
ter.
HOLTUM— this city. November 18, 1898, to
the wife of C. Hoi turn, a daughter. .
KAMENA— In this city, November 10, IS9S, to
the wife of George J. Kamena, a son.
MAGUIRE— In this city, November 8, 1898, to
the wife of J. V. Maguire, a son.
MENGEL— In .this city, November 13. 1898, to
the wife of Fred William Mengel. a daughter.
ORMOND— In this city, November 18, 1898, to
the wife of William Ormond, a daughter.
PAGE— In this city, October 27, 1898, to the
wife of Alvin G. Page, a daughter.
SHEEAN— In this city, November 12, IS9B, to
the wife of T. F. Sheean, a son.
ZIEGLER— In Oakland, November 8. 1898, to
the wife of Charles Zlegler, a daughter.
~~~~" ~~~ MARRIED.
AUSTIN— JORGENSEN— this city. Novem-
ber 15. IS9B, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Fried-
rich H. Austin and Marie T. Jorgensen.
CLAY— CARDOZA— In this city, November 2.
1898. by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
Edwin H. Clay of ■ Wadsworth, New. and
Mamie Cardoza of San Francisco;
HOLMAN— PAULSEN— In this city, October 27,
1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke,
Joseph J. Holman and Alice R. Paulsen, both
of San Francisco.
McPHAIL— HEINIG— In this city, October 26,
1898, by the R*v. Dr. Charles Edward Locke,
John McPhall and Martha Helnlg, both of
San Francisco. . :; v- ...»
SAUNDERS— In this city, Novem-
ber 3, IS9S, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, Leslie Pollard of Holllster, Cal., and
Alfle Saunders of San -Francisco.
ALTFIELD— this city, November
13, 1898, by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson,
Samuel ' Poska of Sacramento and Amelle
Altfleld of San Francisco.
RUCKSTUHL— NETT— In this city. November
17, IS9B, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, John N.
Ruckstuhl and Eva Nett.
ANDERSON— this city, Novem-
ber 9, 1898, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, Ralph G. Temple and Laura A. An-
dersen, both of San Francisco.
TERRY— SMALL— In this city, November IS,
IS')S, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward Locke,
Mark A. Terry and Zadie I. Small, both of
San Francisco.
VAN HURST— In this city. Novem-
ber 5, 189 S. by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, Harrison Van Fassel and Enid Hurst,
both of San Francisco.
WILLIAMS— In this city, November
16, IS9B, by the Rev. Dr. Charles Edward
Locke, William D. Williams and Isabella C.
Hughes, both of San Francisco. ■ ~-v-.\
______ -
died7~
Boyd, Lena M. Keefe, Clara V.
Bright, Charles D. ■ Kelly, James -
Campbell, Rebecca J. McCartny, Michael J.
Decandla, Michael Mathisen. Inga M. .
Edwards. William D. Milco, Nicola
Fairchlld. Henrietta Mohun, Catharine A.
Feeney (Infant) O'Connor, James H.
Forsythe. Helena Ostlund, Charles
Garcelon, Adelaide Powers, Catherine
Gray, Henry A. Roesner, Lillian
Hachmann, Capt. F. Russell, John A. Jr.
Hanson, Lucinda O. Santa Cruz. Angellta
Harrison, Helen G. ■ Scott, Chalmers
Hlggins, Mr?. Julia Rearight, ■ James F.
Hooper. Arthur A. Spauldlng, Rhoda J.
Jacobsen, Captain A. Stohp. Frederick C. ■
Jacoby, Pauline Vero, Mary B.
Jarrett, Joseph Weiler, Eliza
Johnson. Kate
BOYD— this city. November 17. IS9S, Lena
M., beloved daughter of Robert and Louisa
Boyd, and granddaughter of George and Lena
Reese, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 17 days. . v . > .
C7-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the grandparents. 1123 Alabama street, be-
■ tween Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BRIGHT— In this city. November 19, 1898.
Charles D., infant child of John F. and Tes-
6ie Bright, a native of San . Francisco, aged
7 months, t ■ -
CAMPBELL— In this city, November 19, 1898.
Rebecca J. Campbell, beloved mother of Mr-.
Charles Frank, a native of Canada, aged 61
' years 7 months and 11 days. . :■*,;;;
DECANDIA— Stockton, Cal.; November IS,
1898. Michael, beloved husband of Catherine
T. Decandla, a native of Ancovia, Italy, aged
50 years 3 months and 10 days. . ;
EDWARDS— this city, November 16. 1898,
William D. Edwards, -.beloved father of Wil-
liam ■S. ■ and • May Edwards, , a native of
Wales, aged 56 years. ■ .. •.. .
IC^Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral tTfls day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street.- ■• Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
FAIRCHILD— Li the City and County Hospital.
November 18, I*9B, Henrietta Fairchlld, . a na-
tive of Oregon, aged 26 years. . ...
FEENEY— In this city. November 2, 1898. in-
fant daughter of James A. Feeney. :
FORSYTHE— In | this city. • November 18, : 1898.
Helena, widow of the late Samuel Forsythe.
and mother of Lila A. Forsyte/
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at ■ 2:30 ' o'clock. . from * the ' family
residence, 933 Shotwell street. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. „■ - :
GARCELON— In ■ Oakland, November 19, . 1593.
Adelaide, beloved wife of Harris Garcelon. a
native of New York, aged 66 years. .
GRAY— In this city. November ■ 18, . 1898, Henry
A. Gray, a native of Ireland, aged 54 years.
HACHMANN— In this- city, November 17, 1898, :
Captain Fred : Hachmann, beloved brother of
Henry Hachmann, a native of Grohen, Vege-
sack, Germany, aged; 4B years. • '
(CTFriends and acquaintances ; are : respect-
fully Invited, to attend the . funeral . this ..day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr, & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth, where ■. funeral services will be held
undes ■ the " auspices of the Norddeutscher
VeiWfn. • Interment I. O. «O. F. Cemetery. . '
HANSON (nee HENRY)— In this city, Novem-
ber 14. 1898, at Lane Hospital, Lucinda G.
Hanson 1 (nee Henry), beloved mother of Flor-
ence N. Hanson, sister of A. K. Henry, and
grandmother of W. D. Brown, a native of
Illinois, aged 62 years. ; -
- |C~FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the tuneral this day
' (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of N. Gray,& C 0. ,: 641 Sacramento
street. -..-.,;' i'.^i.-.Z'- - - „ ' ■  ■
HARRISON— East Oakland, . November. 14,
- 1898, ■-' Helen G., beloved wife of Benjamin
: Harrison, and mother of Benjamin F. ■ Harri-
v son Jr.. Mrs. C. W. Jones ■ ai.d Mrs. Captain
"L. - Hansen, ■ a native of England, aged 47
. years * and 21 - days. : (Boston, Mass.. papers
'please copy.) l ■,•".■.-•' ;-■.'•
- - tor Friends end acquaintances are respect-
'ully Invited to attend the funeral this da*
Sunday)., at 2 o'clock, from her late res*
4ence. 424 East Tenth street. -East OakJaniJ
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
HiGGINS— In Lakeport. November' 18. 1898.
 Mrs. Julia A. ' Higglns, beloved mother of
Mrs. ■ Morton .S. Sayre, and grandmother or
Mrs. Edward 8. Martin, a native of Boston,
Mass. ■ .- ■
HOOPER— this city, August 25, 1398, Arthur
Appleton. dearly beloved husband of Yzadora
Poe Hooper. . • ■■■ ■-"- - ;
JACOBSEN— At sea. November IS. IS9S, Cap-
tain Anton, beloved husband of Kate Jacob-
sen, a native of . Norway, aged 52 years 7
months and 16 days. A ■ member of Master
Mariners' Association. Court Inter Nos No. 18,
Foresters of America, and Magnolia Lodge
No. 41, A. O. U. W. ♦ ...
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
{-Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 317 Fremont street, under the auspices
of Master Mariners' Association. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
F. of Officers and members of Court Inter
Nos No. 18, Foresters of America, are re-
spectfully requested to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Anton Jacobsen, to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 317 Fremont street. By order of
P. H. COYLE, Chief Ranger.
JAMES F. HALLET. Fin. Sec.
JACOBY— In this city. November 17. 1898, Pau-
line, beloved mother of J. H. Jacoby, a na-
tive of Germany, aged S3 years.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday),' at 10:15 o'clock at her
late residence, IOOS Sacramento street, near
Powell. Interment Hills of Eternity , Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from ■ Third and
Townsend streets. Please omit . flowers. -.
JARRETT— this city, November 18, 1898,
Joseph Jarrett-, a native of Dover, England,
aged 54 years.
(ETFriends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor &' Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, November 17. 1898,
Kate, beloved wife of Albert Johnson and
mother of Mrs. Jennie Cohelan. Mrs. H. F.
Cuthbert. Mrs. C. Markley and Ben and.
George Johnson, a native of New York City,
aged 55 years 3 months :.nd 3 days. •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 414 Lily avenue, between Buchanan
and Webster, Page and Oak streetr. Inter-
/ ment Drivate, Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KEEFE— this city, Novemoer 17. 1898, Clara
Viola Keefe (nee Calfee), beloved wife of
Joseph F. Keefe. a native of Napa, Cal.. aged
23 years. (Siskiyou papers please copy.)
ET Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 147 Blake street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a requiem high mass will bo
held for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. - '.;*-•-;>.• . . i
KELLY— In this city, November 19, 1898. James,
beloved husband of Ellen T. Kelly, and father
of James W. and William M. Kelly, a native
of County Cork, Ireland, aged 54 veare.
MCCARTHY— In this city. November IS, 1898,
Michael Joseph, beloved husband of Carrie
McCarthy, father of May McCarthy, and
brother-in-law of Mrs. Frank Tiilman. Mrs.
Blancbett/ Mrs. Westdorf and Mrs. Orchard
of Boston, a native of St. Johns, Newfound-
land, aged 54 years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors or
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Mount CalVary Cemetery.
MATHISEN— this city, November 19, 189 :
Ingra Maria, beloved wife of Peter Mathisen.
and mother of Iver Mathlsen, a native of Nor-
way, aged 30 years and 24 days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3016 Twenty-sixth street, between Har-
rison and , Bryant. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
MILCO— In Stockton November 13, 1898. Nicola
Milco beloved husband of Maria Milco, and
father of Annie and Albena. Milco, a native
of Dolle, Delmazla, Austria, aged 76 years 2
months and 8 days.
MOHUN— In this city. November 19. IS9B. Cath-
arine Ann. beloved wife of Peter F. Mohun.
and beloved mother of Dr. C. C, Pedro F.,
Mary C, Pnilita C. Reginald. Aloysius,
Lillian. Mayb«lle and Joseph Mohun, a native
of New York City.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'CONNOR— In South San Francisco, Novem-
ber 18, IS9S, James Hugh, dearly beloved son
of Thomas and Mary O'Connor, and nephew
of Mrs. Thomas Brady and Mrs. Michael
McDonnell, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years and 4 months.' . . -
tcy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. Eighteenth avenue, between
Q and R streets south, thence to All Hallows
Church N street, between Fifteenth and Six-
- teenth avenues south. ' South San Francisco.
: where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
OSTLUND— In this city. November 17, 1898,
Charles beloved husband of Christine Ost-
lund, father of Tlllie, Annie, Theodore, Hilda,
Charles, Lillie. Esther and 'ieorge Ostlund.
and brother of John Ostlund, a native or
Kalmar, Sweden, aged 49 years 2 months and
6 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks & Co.. 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
POWERS— Friends are respectfully invited to
attend a month's mind mass to-morrow (Mon-
day) at 7:30 o'clock, at St. Brigld's Church,
for the repose of the soul of the late Cather-
ine Powers.
ROESNER— In this city, November 17, 1898,
Lillian, beloved wife of Peter J. Roesner.
mother of Walter, Arthur, Mona and Ralph
Roesner, daughter of D. O. i-reston. and sis-
ter of Joseph Preston, a native of San Fran-
cisco aged 26 years and 10 months. A mem-
ber of Golden "Circle No. 188. Companions of
the Forest. • - ~'t
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
Btreet thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 8 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In Alameda. November 18, 1898,
John A Jr., beloved husband of Leonle Rus-
sell son of John A. and Mary E. Russell,
and brother of Mrs. Edgar Painter. Mrs. Ed-
ward A Younger and Miss Ada Russell, a
native of San Francisco, aged 36 years.
Xy The funeral services will - take place
to-morrow (Monday), at 11:30 o'clock at 325
Pacific avenue. Alameda. Interment Masonic
Cemetery, San Francisco, at 2:30 o clock.
Please omit Hewers. . ,-, M< ,
SANTA CRUZ— In this city. November 16. 1888.
Angellta Santa Cruz, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 months and 11 days.
SCOTT— In San Diego, November 16. 1898,
Chalmers, son of the late Rev. W. A. Scott.
D.D.. L.L.D., a native of New Orleans, aged
63 [rrFrtendß and ■ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, a St.
Johns Presbyterian Church, corner Califor-
nia and Octavia streets. San Francisco. In-
terment private. No flowers. -
SEARIGHT— In New York, November 16, 1898,
James F. Searlght. aged 48 years.
SPAULDING— In this city, November 18, 1898,
Rhoda J. Spaulding. beloved mother of Mrs.
C. N. Payson, a native of Maine, aged 81
ye c7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited Ito attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter. Mrs. C. N. Payson. 709 Shot-
' well street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by carriage. .
STOHP-In this city, November 19, 1898, Fred-
erick C . beloved husband of Lili Stohp. and
father "of. Mrs. A. Wirbser - and Mrs. A.
Gruenberg, a native of Hamburg. Germany,
aged 63 years. ■ ' " .
VERO— In this city. November 19. 1898. Mary
Brooks widow of the late William Vero, and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. M. A. Hop-
kins Mrs. Matilda B. Fowler, Mrs. George
D Glllard and. Mrs. P. T. M. Wate. a native
of England aged 79 years. (Providence, R.
1., papers please copy.) • ' •-
■E7Frlends and acquaintance*., are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the Church of
the Advent. Eleventh street, near Market.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by el»ctrla
funeral car \ from . corner of ■ Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
WELLER— In J this city. November 18, 1898,
Eliza Weiler. a native of Inverness. Scot-
land, ! aged 52 years. - ■
fpr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - invited •to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the - parlors
of H. J. Gallagher & • Co., 20 Fifth street,
thence to St. Patrick's ■ Churcn : for services,
commencing at 10 o'clock. ■ Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
- (Successors to Flanagan ,. _ Gallagher),
FUNERAL ■ DIRECTORS AND - EMB ALTERS.
- 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. : •- " f _________
H. F*. MAASS,
: Undertaken and Embalmer.
Everything Requisite for First-Class Funeral
. .. at Reasonable Rates. ' - ■• ■
Telephone South 273. 917 Ml^'on Strft
MUSIC FOX THE POOR. •
'--- Something : like our college '• settlement*
has got into the British mind ,v for Liver-
pool has started the idea of giving con-
certs in the court yard/3 of the worst quar-
ters of that city. "". If the dregs of creation
cannot be lifted out of the gutters, the
means of brightening and cheering; them
must be taken to them. It is to the credit
of i humanity that musicians- have volun-
teered, and the people for whom the con-
certs are given nave cleaned up and dec-
orated the courts. Now, who will deny
the efficacy of divine music? So far it is .:
only an experiment, but Liverpool a ex-
ample will be imitated England over, If
the excellent effects of these concerts con-
tinue as they have begun.— Boßton^Herald. .
1314
MISS SCHLEY
DECLARES SHE
CAUSED PEACE
Lays Claim to All the
Credit.
HER TRIP TO MADRID DID IT
CONVINCED THE SPANIARDS OF
THEIR FOLLY.
Promised That if They Yielded at
Once America Would Take Only
a Coaling Station
or Two.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 19.— Miss Jessie
Schley, who went to Spain as a dele
grate of the Women's International
League for Peace, in an effort to bring
the war to a close, issued a statement
to the American press to-day, in which
Bhe takes the credit of influencing
Spain to sue for peace. The letter is
as follows:
To the American Press: Until now I
have not given proof to substantiate my
claim that we women, especially we
American women, made the peace be
tween Spain and our country, i promised
to do so after the treaty of peace was
eigned, but have concluded to give It now.
The facts are these: 1 reached Madrid
as a delegate of the Women's Interna
tional .League for Peace, and bearing the
list of names and resolutions for her
Majesty the Queen of Spain on July 22. I
at once began visiting and conferring with
prominent officials. On the 23d his Excel
lency the Minister of State, the Due de
Almodovardel Rios, requested me to put In
writing the matter 1 desired to convey to
him. 1 did so, and sent it to him on me
25th. On that day or the following, I
judged from the newspaper report, the
Queen's Cabinet, of which the Due was a
member, discussed the communication in
their meeting, and on that day (the 26th)
6p>iin sued tor peace.
The next day, the 27th, I was hurried
out of Madrid, fearing riot against me
when it should become known Spain i-ad
made overtures of peace. It was feared
the Carlists or Spanish jingoes might
make trouble then, and they hail already
begun to look for me. The afternoon of
the day I left I received a letter from the.
Due de Almodovar, Minister of State of
Foreign Affairs, in winch he says:
"Your letter of yesterday has received
my fullest attention with reference to
much of the pressing business."
He praises the high motive inspiring my
Journey to Spain. He says again:
"The generosity and energy which
prompted you to make this long excursion
to a strange land for the sake of peace,
united to your intense patriotism and your I
love of Spain," etc.
Continuing, he says: "The most ardent
personal desire is to see the speedy ter
mination of this sad conflict," and that
he desired for Cuba a system of humanity
and civilization.
Of course, peace would have come;
Spain was beaten; but she was not ready I
to surrender then. She still wanted to I
fight for Havana and the Philippines, but
the documents I submitted to the Minister
of State decided her to seek for peace
just then, and I believe that you will
find that these Spanish authorities bear
me out. It was only a straw, but still
"the straw that broke the camel's back."
I told her it was foolhardy to fight the
United States longer; that we would sure
ly beat her; that we had more resources
of all sorts, as well as men; when I
claimed to know our people had not
sought war (I had been much among
them) and said many disliked the war as
much as I; that many good Protestants
had been influenced to consent to assist
the war by representations made of Span
ish cruelty and the continued fighting in
Cuba (which I also thought should cease);
that if she (.Spain) continued fighting she
would lobe the sympathy of Americans
and Europeans as well, but that if she-
Bued for peace now she would find how
noble and generous a people we were, and
not the mercenary country we appeared;
and we would give her generous terms
which she would not get later. I advised
her to give us a coaling station or two,
though strictly speaking we should not
take even that, as we had begun the war
"in the name of humanity;" but our Gov
ernment might need them and we had
been put to much expense. In short, I
wrote such a strong appeal for peace
I feared I might overdo it by my blunt
statements, using the word "foolhardy,"
etc. I was certain my country would act
honorably, so you may imagine my mor
tification and chagrin to find we are try
ing to grab all we can.
Following this letter I shall have a
storm of abuse, I know, from the jingoes
and the A. P. A.'s who have already
written me so many insulting letters, but
I defy one of them to show any one who |
has made greater sacrifices to maintain i
the honor of our grand country. It Is
necessary for us to rouse ourselves or it
will be too late to show the world what
we really are and to defeat the schemes
of the miserable jingoes who are traitors
to our grand republic and seek to draw
us into further difficulties.
This is no time for party strife or bit- I
ter religious feeling if we would save ;
our country. Democrats and Republicans I
must act together. Possibly it was for
tunate the Republicans won In the last
elections, for among them are many hon
orable men who will maintain our na
tional honor, and the party that began
the war, "in the name of humanity," will
be able to finish it "in the name' of liv- j
inanity," and not disgrace us by making I
terms too difficult for our conquered foe. ]
JESSIE A. SCHLEY.
REPORTED LOSS
OF A BIG SHIP
The Viila de Coblence, With Six
Hundred Passengers, Said to
Have Foundered.
«. the Central News at Brussels tele
graphs that a rumor is current in Ant
werp that the North German Lloyd
steamship Ville de Coblence, with 600 pas
sengers on board, has foundered at sea.
He is unable to obtain either confirma
tion or denial of the report.
SAILS USED ON A RAILROAD.
The South Carolina and Georgia Rail
road is the oldest one in the United
States, and, excepting a few short
lines built in England in the early '20s,
the oldest in the world. The South
Carolina company was organized May
21. 1828, and during 1829 six miles of the
road were constructed. At the start
horse power only was used. Then a
premium of 5500 was offered to the in
ventor of the endless chain process,
which was calculated to move passen
ger cars at the rate of twelve miles an
hour. In 1829 and 1830 sails were sub
stituted for the horse power. This ex
periment proved highly satisfactory, as
it carried, when the wind was right,
thirteen passenger and three tons of
iron at the rate of ten miles an hour.
This means of locomotion, however,
came to an abrupt end ono day. when
the wind suddenly changed and took
the sail, mast, sailors and all over
board in a pale which drove the cars at
fifteen miles an hour.
In March, 1830, a co. tract was award
ed to the West Point foundry of New
York to construct an eneine guaranteed
to make ten miles an hour and haul
three times its weight. It was a four
wheel concern, all the wheels being
drivers. These wheels had iron hubs,
with wooden spokes and felloes.
Recent statistics show that under 15
years there are more boys than girls, but
over 75 years there are more women than
men, and from the ages of 90 to 100 the
proportion Is two 1n favor of the women.
Advance* made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 ills«i on.
MISS JESSIE SCHLEY.
NO HOPE FOR
THE CREW OF
THE ATALANTA
Only Three Seamen
Survive.
LOST NUMBER TWENTY-THREE
RESCUED MEN TELL OF THE
WRECK.
The Vessel Pitched Into the Breakers
Before Those Aboard Were
Aware of Their
Danger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
YAQUINA, Or., Nov. 19.— Captain
Clark, with his crew of surfmen, re
turned to Yaquina life-saving station
this morning. He brought with him the
three survivors of the Atalanta wreck.
They are:
FRANCIS McMAHON, a native of
Belfast, Ireland, aged 18.
JOHN WEBBER, Tarrytown, N. Y.
GEORGE FRAZER, Philadelphia, Pa.
The lost are :
CHARLES McBRIDE, captain, of
Greenock, Scotland.
— . HUNTER, first mate, of Green
ock, Scotland.
H. C. HUSTON, second mate,
Greenock, Scotland.
DAVID STEWARD of Liverpool.
ALECK BECK.
W. E. CROGER.
M. O. PILKINGTON.
JOE CASSA.
— . WILLIAMSON.
T. LEWIS.
MICHAEL GALLAGHER.
DAVID GREEN.
S. A. JACOBSON of Stockholm.
PEDRO GREGORY.
JOHN MARKS.
JOHN SMITH, seaman.
— . HAMILTON, sailmaker.
The unknown are two cooks, a car
penter, sailmaker, second mate and one
sailor.
The body of Jacobson was recovered
and buried veaterday.
Frazer and McMahon are so bruised
and shaken up that they will carry
evidence of their recent experiences
when they get home. The survivors
intend to remain at the station until
they can hear from the Vice Consul at
Tacoma, with whom they registered.
The most astonishing of the facts de
veloped in interviewing Frazer and his
companions is that six of the crew of
the Atalanta were forced into watery
graves by boarding-house keepers in
Tacoma. Sailor Frazer Is the most
talkative of the survivors, McMahon
and Webber usually indorsing his ex
pressions. He says that when the Ata
lanta struck the breakers all hands
were called on deck. First mate Hunt
er, who was officer of the deck at the
time of the accident, spread the alarm
with the call, "Get above, men, for your
lives. Don't wait to dress."
Captain Mcßride sprang through the
hatch exclaimlnr
"Put the wheel hard up. Square the
tragic yard. My God, Hunter, where
are you bringing us?"
The next moment the vessel struck.
The waves lifted her three times so that
she settled heavily on something. The
last jar parted her just forward of the
main n tas though she had been cut
in two with a knife. At no time dur
ing the accident were the carpenter, the
steward and the sailmaker's mate seen.
The survivors think they never got on
deck.
George Frazer plunged overboard
when the vessel first struck, preferring
to take his chances by swimming to be
ing carried over by the tottering miz
zenmast. He succeeded in catching
hold of the main hatch and held on
for a few minutes, when he was shout
ed to that the port lifeboat was near
him. Frazer swam to it after a desper
ate struggle, and succeeded in ciimbing
into it, his shipmates in the rigging
giving him three cheers After helping
McMahon and Webber into the boat
they soon drifted on shore. Frazer in
telling the story of the wreck said:
"As soon as I reached the poop I
was swept off my feet, but grasped a
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
stanchion when the sea spent its force.
When the sea cleared off the poop I
ran for the mizzen rigging and climbed
into it. I stayed there, I suppose, ten
minutes when the ship righted and
listed over to starboard. I crawled
across the cross-jack yard and got into
the port rigging when the ship broke
in two.
"Shortly after the mainmast went
by the board, and it started the miz
zenmast. I then took to the water and
swam to the main hatch, which floated
close by the shin. I stayed on the
hatch about twenty minutes. The sea
was throwing wreckage up, hitting me
over the head until I drifted clear of
the ship.
"Another fellow swam to the hatch,
but I told him to get off the hatch and
look for one of his own. He would not
do it, so I got off myself, as it would
not hold up two. There was another
hatch near by, and I swam to it, but
the breakers washed me off. The men
in the rigging were watching me and
told me the boat was comlne. I swam
to the boat and got one arm over the
gunwale, the crew in the ri~~fn<- cheer
ing me all the time.
"I got into the boat, which was full
of water, and lookine around saw Web
ber on the other side. McMahon was
among the wreckage and we hauled
him into the boat. We had no oars, but
soon drifted clear of the wreck, and
the breakers started us ashore. I look
ed toward the wreck to see if I could
see anybody, but only one man was
visible upon the port aft-davlt. We
kept the boat's head to sea and were
soon washed ashore."
McMahon was on the port watch at
the time the ship grounded. He says
Captain Mcßride ran to him sobbing:
"My boy, we are lost. I want you to
promise me to stand by me. I can't
swim two strokes."
McMahon supported the captain for
some time after they were thrown into
the water. When he felt that he could
not stand the strain longer he bade the
captain hold to a broken spar. Then
he swam about, dodging drifts, until
he climbed into the lifeboat. The dis
heartened commander of the ship soon
surrendered to the inevitable.
Mate Hunter and the other men dis
appeared when the rigging to which
they were clinging went over the side
of the vessel. A few cries for help
were heard as the crash came and then
all was over except the battle which
the survivors waged against the waves
and surf to keep their places in the
lifeboat.
The only body that has been picked
up is that of S. A. Jacobson of Stock
holm. The wreckage that has come
from the stranded ship to-day has been
ground up fine. Nothing of value has
been found except some of the ship's
papers, which are in the hands of Cap
tain Clarke of the life-saving crew.
Sailor McMahon says that he advised
Mate Hunter of a light on the star
board side, sighted at 11 o'clock on
Wednesday night. He suggested that
it must be a land light, as it was
steady. The mate scouted the idea that
the shore was so near, saying: "We
are passing a vessel." All that night
the Atalanta had been on the starboard
tack, laying to her course south by east,
one-half east.
During Wednesday she sailed south
erly by westerly, but made little
progress; on Tuesday night, south by
west, speed twelve and thirteen knots.
On Monday sails were being shifted
rnnstantly, and the weather amounted
to almost a calm. The tug Tyee left the
Atalanta off the Straits of Fuca on
Sunday at 8 a. m.
"Any fool of a sailor should knew
that our officers should have been three
degrees west as soon as the tug left
us," says Webber. "But the lads all
knew that Captain Mcßride was sail
ing under a bet to beat two vessels into
Delagoa Bay, South Africa. He wanted
to pass over no unnecessary waste of
waters. The wager was between him
self and the officers of the crafts Earl
of Dalhousie and Imberhorn. The Dal
houßie had two weeks the start, the
Imberhorn one week the start. Mc-
Bride believed by taking crosscuts he
could even then beat his rivals. The
race was responsible for the wreck.
"Recklessness in steering and failure
to conform to marine usages brought
the Atalanta into trouble early in the
year. She collided with another vessel
in the river Mersey off Liverpool, when
her mizzen mast was taken out."
When the scene of the wreck was left
by the life-saving crew no part of the
hulk of theAtalanta was in sight. There
can be no survivors further than the
ones who have already been reported.
The life-saving crew did not find it nec
essary to proceed further with its ap
paratus than Alseya Bay.
Alleg«d Illegal Voting.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 19.— John "Welch,
aged 23 was to-day held to answer in the
Superior Court for alleged illegal voting
on election day. Bail was fixed at $1500.
CONDUCTOR ASSAULTS A BOY.
Throws a Switch Iron at a Lad,
Injuring Him Severely on
the Head.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 19.
The assault on James Blaker, the young
son of the captain of the Piedmont, by
John J. Conway, a conductor of the Hay
wards electric line, has created much at
tention from the fact that it is the first
time a streetcar man in this city has seri
ously injured a lad with a switch iron. As
told in this morning's Call, young Blaker
has caused the arrest of Conway for as
sault with a deadly weapon, and the case
will be tried next week in Judge Law
rence's court. The affair occurred on
East Fourteenth street, near Twenty
fourth avenue.
Conway has not been long in the employ
of the road, and Director A. L. Stone
Baid this afternoon that he had not -<-et
heard of the incident, and was surnrised
when told the company had arranged for
Conway's bond.
"Our carmen have a great deal of
trouble with these boys," said Mr. Stone,
"They persist in jumping on and off the
cars, to the annoyance of passengers. It
is not surprising the carmen occasionally
lose their tempers, especially as the boys
frequently jeer and use offensive lan
guage. However, no carman has a right
to throw a switch iron at a boy after ho
is off the car. It Is a most unpleasant in
cident, but I know nothing of the details.
GAVE AWAY HIS SCOOP.
Joseph Hatton In his "Cigarette Pa
pers," rolled in the latest Newcastle
(England) Chronicle, praises the work of
the special war correspondents of Amer
ica in the Spanish war. Then he reverts
to "Bull Run" Russell, and proceeds: Dr.
Sir William Howard Russell is still very
much alive and deeply interested in th.j i
new young men of the press and their
methods. Caught in the mood, he tells
the stories of his youth and the adven
tures of his manhood in the same pleas
ant and graphic strain that has made him
known not only as the prince of specials
but the cheeriest of raconteurs. One of
his earliest experiences of "rapid tran
sit" was on the occasion of the Irish
State trials and the finding of the verdict j
against O'Connell. The jury had retired,
the Judge had left the court, the news- |
paper correspondents had gone away for
refreshments, Russell was sitting outside
the court wondering whether he should
go to bed— they had waited a long time for
the jury to return— when his boy suddenly
rushed up to him. "Jury Just coming
In," he said.
They had brought in a verdict of guilty.
Russell ltew from the court, drove to the i
station, where he had ordered a special j
train, got to Kingstown, hailed the |
steamer that had been chartered by his ■
paper, the Times, got up steam; off h* !
went (with the tremendous satisfaction j
of seeing the steamer of the Morning
Herald lying peacefully in the harbor), \
arrived at Holyhead, special to London j
waiting for him, got to Euston fearfully j
excited, reached the Times office at last. J
Morning Herald man left hopelessly be- |
hind; the Times the only paper the next i
day to have the news that would precede j
Russell's description to follow the next
day. Got out of his cab at Printing I
House Sciuare; a man in his shirt sleeves
whom he took to be a printer came up to
him. "So glad to see you safe over," he
said with a gush of sincerity; "so they've
found him guilty?" "Yes, guilty, my 1
friend," said Russell. The Times came
out the next day with the all-absorbing I
fact— "Guilty." So did the Morning Her
ald. The gentleman in the shirt sleeves
was a member of the editorial staff of the
Morning Herald.
The mummy rooms at the British Mus
eum, says the London Mail, have been
completed, and are now open to the pub
lic. These sleeping- beauties of the an
cient past have been systematically laid
out in a manner becoming their age and
rank. Kings and nobles, priests and peo
ple have bt-en assigned to their places ac
cording to their chronological or eccelslas
tical order, and no fairer show or better
display can be seen outside Ghizeh than
the recently augmented company in
these rooms.
Woman may be the weaker vessel, but
she manages to make as many knots on
the matrimony sea as the other one.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. November 19.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Hinkle, 65?4 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 54\t hours.
Ship Spartan, Polite, 10 days from Seattle.
Schr Sacramento, Forest, 6 days from Coos
Bay.
SAILED.
Saturday, November 19.
Br stmr Belgic, Rlnder, Yokohama and Hong
kong via Honolulu.
Schr Nettle Hundborg. Johnson.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Htmr South Coast. Zaddart.
Brig Consuelo, Page, .Kahulul.
TELKGRAPHIC.
POINT LOB' Nov 19—10 p. m.— Weather,
clear; wind, NW; velocity, 28 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived Nov 19— Schr
Excelsior, from Newport; schr John A Camp
bell, from Newport.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 19— Schr Nokomis, for
Ban Pedro.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Nov 19— Stmr Alcatraz,
for San Francisco; Ftmr Westport, for .
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Nov 19— Haw
stmr Sftn Mateo, for Comox.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov Fr bark Marguer
ite Ellse, from Yokohama.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Alliance,
hence Nov 18.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 19— Br ship Perse
verance, from Shanghai.
VENTI-RA- Arrived Nov 19— Schr Jennie
Wand, from Tacoma.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 18— Stmr Empire,
hence Nov IS; stmr Homer, hence Nov 17.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ANTWKKP— BaIIed Nov IW— Stmr Noordland,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Nov 19— Stmr St
Paul, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Nov 19— Stmr La Touraine,
for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York.
Palled Nov 19— Stmr Etrurla. for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Lucanla,
from Liverpool.
Sailed Nov 19— Stmr Pretoria, for Hamburg;
Ftmr Umbria, for Liverpool; stmr Lo Cham
lingnp, for Havre; stmr Statendam. for Rotter
dam; atmr Fuerst Bismarck, for Naples; stmr
Europe, for London; stmr Anchorla. for Glas
gow.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P F Brown, San Diego J C Troy, Qrt Falls
J Shelly, rrallatoga T Soules, Sulsun
C White, Fresno |j C Maxwell, Rlversde
J Baxter, San Jose F Byrnes, Viaalla
W H Armstrong:, Peta | Mrs I) Freeman, Wash
L Bailey, Chicago ;H Voght, Tulare
P C Mayfonl. N V S W Cross. Stockton
W W Watklns. Fresno |J Mulhern. Stockton
W Saylor, Los Ang C Smith. Fresno
J M West & w. Can ! F Roes, Sacto
C A Ingram, B C
PALACE HOTEL.
H F Barrett, NY J M Falk. N V
C M FlCfcert, Stanford D Rogers. Minn
V D Black. Salinas II D Uames, San Jose
E L Foutch &w, Mo Mra Hames, San Jose
E W Pullman A \v, N SO Bailie. Palo Alto
X W Pullman * *r,N V R X PlPrce. Ran Jose
.1 W Curtis. NY F P Wright, St Paul
H D DUlenberg. Md AT H»rr. Chicago
H H Bancroft, Mass D F Sellers, U S N
W A Hal lard. Pa iDr W S Taylor Llvrmr
Dr H L Pace&w, Tulare A B Cohen, Mo
J A Chanslor. L Ang
BALDWIN HOTEL.
M Gornlgle. Ventura I Mrs R Kemberg. S Jse
Mrs Dayton & d, 8 —|P W Duncan, N V
Mrs Dayton&d.S Diego |F J Francis, N V
H Kusel, CbCO B F Gibbs, Stockton
E Bery, Boston J J Carrol l&w, S Jose
E Sweetser, Wabash W G Wolf, Fort Baker
Mrs M P Stein. Stoektn F J Doolan, N V
M P Stein, Stockton F B Leach. Ind
Mrs M Jacobs. TacomaiW D Davis. Halfmoon
W H Cook. Fort Point L Meyer, Ohio
F M Campbell. Gay L R Prince, Boston
Coney Co C X Arnold. S Jose
T Haninn, Ga» Coney A J Dougherty, Mn
J R Love. San Jose Miss A Neathey, Mo
GRAND HOTEL.
H Fennlngton. Sacto T Smith, Livermore
B F Hartley, Auburn J H Mlllzner, Tucson
G W Hall. Maybert W H Cushlng, Kingmn
C M Cannon & w. Utah Dr A W Shields. Utah
S C Blake, Sacto W A Veith. Fresno
N T Blddle, San Jose G A Williams, Chicago
C M Beck with, Sacto Mrs J Reems, Colma
C H Willis. Cln J F Condon. Nevada
T E Keating. Pleastn T Shootell. N V
A de Leo de Laguna, J McGonlgle, Ventura
Oakland Mrs Smith. Montana
F H O'Donnell, Oakld Mrs Harrison, Boston
S F Rose, U S N C E Lindsay, Sta Cruz
E Miller. Cal Mrs W Green, Colusa
E B Jelllson. Hornbrk J D McElroy & w.Colo
H F Galen & w. Mont Miss V Hopkins, Mo
H Frankfurth, Wls Miss J Hopkins, Mo
A Kraeft, Wls Z M Hardy. N V
I L Hoßue, Fresno O I Cheney, Mare Isld
J Windmlller. Sn Carls W A Moore. Benlcia
F A Boole. Sawyer P E Ferguson, Berkly
A B Long, Frfuno O Woodward & w. NY
C B Shaver. Fresno S H Rice & w, Uklah
H B Martin, San Jose Miss R Prlmm, Berkly
L R Poundstone, Cal J A Brent. Minn
H G Mulvln, Sacto C W Williams, 8n Joae
E H Gerber. Sn Mateo H L Roberta. Cal
J MoDonlad, Menlo II H Yerington, Cal
M Dalton, Menlo H B Gee. Cal
C R Hopptn, Yolo Mrs Sanger. Cal
T Hunemann ft w, Cal Dr A A Flncb. Astoria
HIS TASTES
TURNED TO
THE OCCULT
How Yates Neglected
His Home.
MRS. MONTAGUE BRINGS SUIT
SAYS HER HUSBAND HAS DE
SERTED HER.
The Case of Yates vs. Yates Develops
Into an Interesting
% Suit for -
Divorce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 19.
Tates vs. Yates is the uninteresting
title of a divorce case now on trial in the
Superior Court, but behind it is one of the
most interesting of stories.
The suit was first filed over three years
ag-o, but attracted no attention, as the
prominence of the parties was not made
known by the names in the suit. The
husband did not put in an appearance
and the case went by default, but the
testimony of the wife was not considered
sufficient to justify the granting of a de
cree, as the desertion was not proved.
The thousands of people who are ac
quainted with Mme. Florence Montague,
the noted psyehist and lecturer, will be
surprised to learn that she is the Mrs.
Yates who is now seeking a divorce from
her husband. All around the bay and in
other parts of the State Mme. Montague
| is known. She has lectured for years and
: is noted for her learning and broad-mind
j edness. Many of the leading intellectual
! lights of Oakland, including prominent
! lawyers and merchants, have been ardent
attendants at her lectures on Sunday
evenings. The madame's views are so
broad that she has been known to give a
! short speech in Salvation Army meet
j ings.
The divorce suit was referred to the
I Court Commissioner yesterday and the
I testimony of Mrs. Yates, who has brought
j the suit, will be taken soon. None of the
ordinary causes that usually lead to the
divorce court distinguish this case, for the
desire for a separation is the result of
too faithful an observance of peculiar
views carried to extremes.
Mme. Montague Yates, for that is the
lady's legal name, was first married to a
wealthy Spaniard, with whom she lived
in Mexico till his death. Some time later
she met Captain Montague Yates, who
was in command of a sailing vessel. She
became his wife, and for a few years they
traveled on shipboard together. This did
not Agree with Mrs. Yates' health, and
she and her husband settled in Oakland.
Captain Yates obtained a good situation
with the Southern Pacific Company, and
the couple were considered to \>e one of
the happiest in the State.
Mrs. Yates had always been a firm be
liever in occult science. She made a
deep study of this work, and by degrees
her husbani also became interested in
psychic research. Captain Yates became
more and more absorbed in the solution
of mysteries, and in the same proportion
he lost interest in everything else. His
extreme ideas finally obtained complete
command of his mind, and he resigned
from his position with the railroad. Since
that time he and his wife have not lived
together, and he has not supported her.
When he left his work the captain was
completely carried away with his new
ideas and he declared that his mission
was to sever himself entirely from the
world and to bring about the salvation
of mankind. He started out on this mis
sion and traveled all over the State pro
claiming his doctrines. On some occa
sions he went without food and one of his
friends said to-day he was almost starved
to death.
The captain left his wife some years ago
and she at once commenced to earn her
living as a lecturer. She took the name of j
Madame Florence Montague and as such ;
is known to thousands of people. After ;
suffering much privation Yates became j
more rational and his views sobered down. '
Still, ho did not return to his wife and
as she has now been deserted and has not
been provided for during some years
Madame Montague Yates desires to be
free.
The suit is brought on the ground of
desertion. ,
BARLEY TOOK HAY AND
IS JAILED AS A BURGLAR
QUEER SEQUENCE OF A DISPUTE
BETWEEN PARTNERS.
C. E. Bohman Supplied Seed, Barley
Tilled and Sowed, and a Con
stable Took the Harvest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 19.
A. M. Barley, until recently partner of
C. E. Bohman, languishes in the County
Jail, charged with burglary as a result
of business differences. About a year
ago Barley and Bohman formed a co
partnership to raise wheat hay on a tract
of land in Fruitvale. Bohman supplied
the seed, while Barley was to till the soil,
■ow the seed, reap the harvest and dis
pose of the same, dividing the profits with
his partner.
At the close of the season differences
arose between the two men and finally
Constable Weldon, on behalf of Dohman,
levied an attachment on twenty-two tons
of hay remaining unsold. Weldon placed
the hay in a warehouse. During the trial
of another suit over this hay before Judge
Hall the twenty-two tons suddenly dis
appeared from the warehouse and after
much search was traced to Barley s pri
vate barn. ..
The hay was removed once more to the
warehouse and Bohman had Barley cited
for contempt, trot Ju 'ge Hall dismissed
him, and now Bohmai: charges his part
ner with burglary.
Matters were still further complicated
to-day when Barley commenced suit
against Constable Weldon in Justice Law
rence's court. East Oakland, for the re
covery of $200, because of the alleged un
lawful taking of the hay from his barn.
ALAMEDA POLITICS
ARE ALREADY BOOMING
LOCAL CAMPAIGN PROMISES TO
BE LONG AND FIERCE.
An Army of Candidates Now in the
Field, Although the Election
Is Six Months Off.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 19.— The Board of City
I Trustee, will not appoint a successor to
Marsh™ Rogers, when he resigns his of
j flee to assume the duties of Sheriff. The
Trustees have been considering the mat
ter since the election, and concluded that
j if they made an appointment the lucky
man would have a great advantage over
his competitors at the spring election.
For this reason Police Sergeant John Con
rad will, as ranking officer, be allowed to
assume control of the force when Mar
j shal Rogers resigns.
The municipal election, which will be
I held next April, promises to be the Hve
! llest contest for city positions that Ala
i meda has ever experienced. Even at this
I early date the candidates are lining up
their forces and planning a campaign to
secure nominations.
The terms of Trustees A. V. Clark, C.
F. Fletter and J. F. Fcrderer will expire
Clark and Fletter affirm they will not be
candidates for re-election. Forderer says
he is In the hands of his friends, and his
friends say be will be a candidate to suc
ceed himself. Alexander Mackie, of the
Valley Road, is also mentioned as an as
pirant for the position.
There will be three members of the
school Board to elect to succeed J. E.
Baker J. B. Lanktree and C. L. Tisdale.
All of the gentlemen wish to continue
in office. The members of the G. A. R.
are out against the incumbents for the
reason that in appointing a janitor for
one of the schools the veterans' candidate
was "turned down." They will advance
the candidacy of one of their number-
Colonel Geeorge Babcock. Fred Volberg
and Dr. T. B. Key are also mentioned
as candidates.
City Clerk Lamborn would like to con
tinue in office for another term, after
which he states he will be a candi'lute
for County Clerk. He will be opposed in
the local fight by Chester Lancaster and
James Uallentine.
Roswell G. Wheeler, Incumbent, and
Elmer E. Johnston, a deputy in Assessor
Dalton s office, will contest for the office
of City Treasurer.
A. T. Burns has an eye on the offlca
of City Assessor, to succeed E. Minor
Smith. Mr. Smith will also be in the
lifiht.
For City Attorney E. R. Taylor, recent
ly elected State Senator, desires to suc
ceed himself. R. B. Tappan will be a can
didate against Taylor. He gave the City
Attorney a close rub at the last election.
City Recorder A. F. St. Sure will have
no opposition.
From the number of candidates who are
out for the City Marshalship, it would ap
pear that it is considered the best job on
the list. Thus far the following have an
nounced themselves: George Macßae,
Louis Schroder, William Gunn, C. M.
Day, Ralph Hamlin and Harry Transue.
SMOOTH WORK OF
A GLIB BOOK AGENT
EXCITES THE WRATH OF THE
SCHOOL DEPARTMENT.
Unauthorized Use of Taachers' Names
to Force the Sale of
His Work.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 19.— The Alameda
School Department has been used by an
enterprising book agent named Knowlesto
force the work he handled into the homes
of the parents of nearly all the pupils
in the Alameda schools. Incidentally,
under misrepresentation as to what they
were signing, he has secured a bushel
of negotiable note's from Alameda's house
wives which have been placed in a local
bank for collection.
Knowles' method* are not new, but he
has excited the wrath of the School Di
rectors, Superintendent and principals by
the careless manner in which he has used
their names and the purpose to which he
has put testimonials which they innocent
/ ly gave him.
Knowles represented some kind of a
students' reference work. He presented
it to the members of the department. Aa
j it was a good book, in their opinion, they
i cheerfully signed individual testimonials
jto that effect. The book agent secured a
I list of the Alameda school children in
the higher grades. He visited their resi
dences at times when he was reasonably
certain that only their mothers were at
home. To these he represented he had
been sent by the principal of the school,
who had instructed him to notify them
j that their boy or girl, as the case might
be, was deficient in some branch of study;
that the School Directors had ordered the
parent to provide the tardy student with
a set of the reference works or they
would be compelled to expel him from
school.
Then some one of the collection of tes
timonials was flashed in the face of the
astonished parent and represented to be a
written statement of the facts the glib
tongued book agent had set forth.
Desiring in every way to advance their
children in their schooling the mothers
purchased the books in nearly every
case. They signed a printed slip which
was represented to them as an order for
the book, but which in reality proved to
be a promissory note.
The department has denounced the
book agent as an impostor and on Friday
the principals of all the schools were in
structed to tell the students to notify
their parents of the fraud that had been
practiced.
PRIZES FOR POULTRY.
Oakland Association to Hold Its An-
nual Show Early in December
in Exposition Hall.
OAKLAND, Nov. 19.— The first annual
exhibition of the Oakland Poultry Asso
ciation will open at. Exposition Hall,
Oakland, Wednesday, December 7. The
premium lists can be had by applying to
F. A. Rowsell, secretary, P. O. box 190,
Oakland, or to L. N. Cobbledlck, superin
tendent, 401 Twelfth street. Entries close
on December 1.
The premium list contains 134 prizes, in
cluding the C. D. Pierce silver cup for the
best ten Plymouth Rocks, and the
Thomas Erkisme cup for the best display
of Minorcas; aiso two valuable incuba
tors, the Stockton and the Jubilee. This
bids fair to be the banner show of the
year. In connection will be held a bench
know under the management of the Cali
fornia Collie Club. The judges for the
Poultry Association will be Henry Ber
rar of San Jose and Ben Woodhull of
Stockton and the judge of the bench show
S. Tyler of Pasadena. i
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In C«msp«ading Witt Any »f th« F«n«wi»g limi Pleut M«ntloa "Tlw 0»IL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
7 THE P. ROSSI CO.,
firtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Lire Stock ril I ID £fA U Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. IULL-ll \X VV* . San Francisco.
BELTING.
LP DFfiFM Manufacturer of Belting nnd
r. HEUCn, Laoe Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.'
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
\V. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
■ Work.
Offioe and Worts— MISSION ST.
'.- Telephone Main 5045. - '
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. - Books on d Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
fi'RDIFV £ CftVC— Makers and Dealers In
U DKlEft (X JUlULandaus. Hacks. Vlctcrias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
ft.. San Francisco.". . '■■■'.''
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
800 BATTERY STREET.
... . I»lefih.<n» Main I***
DENTIST.
PR- C W RICHARDS, & w^n,
-^ . FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
'■:-■ 411-413 California -street. r-«r.'
Capital Represented owr 514.001.000
FLOUR.
X i TIAV 1 1 Flour' Mills. J. Mart««t.' * Co.
IiAIIUi"AL BW. cor. Battery r.nd Kactflo «t».'
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS: BOYES &/CO.. Shipping Buteb»rm. t«
JA3- DUIL3 tt LU,. <:i«y T«l Mala l»v
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.,lmporters«Dealers
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES. ■/♦
LF!liOUi UA.KNESS CO.. 11l I Ariel n at.. 8. V.
■ "-- Wholesale and . Retail < acturars «C all
- kinds of l Harness and dealers .In Bucglsa.
Carts, etc. IX you waat tarffalni call or writ*
DAVIE DENIES
THAT OAKLAND
IS SIDETRACKED
Board of Trade Not
Rightly Informed.
A VALLEY ROAD TERMINAL
NO DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE
BIG BAY CITIES.
Oakland Merchants Have All the Ad
vantages Formerly Enjoyed hy
the Business Men of San
Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 19.
A statement was published this morn- *
ing concerning the alleged sidetracking of
Oakland by the directors of the Valley
Railroad, which ex-Mayor John L. Davie
says is without foundation.
The statement is credited to ex-Council
man Towle, who is reported as saying at
a meeting of the Board of Trade, that the
directors of the Valley road are all in
business in Sao Francisco and have not
approved of any move that would divert
business to Oakland from San Francisco,
"This is not a correct statement," said
John L. Davie, to-day. "For the first
time in the cpmmercial history of Califor
nia the Valley Railroad has placed Oak
land on the map as a terminal for freight.
It has precisely the same freights to Oak
land as San Francisco and has done a
great deal for the Oakland merchants.
Within four blocks of where Mr. Towle
does business is the headquarters of the
Davie Transportation Company, which is
the accredited agent of the Valley Rail
road. Our line brings across the bay
every pound of freight shipped to Oak
landers by the Valley road at the same
rates as are charged by the Southern Pa
cific for landing in San Francisco.
"The Board of Trade has been wrongly
informed of the status of the Valley road
and on our list of patrons we have many
of the leading merchants of Oakland. A
month ago the opposition freight ferry
put on an extra boat and two steamers
are now constantly employed transporting k
freight between San Francisco and Oa>--^
tend and a great portion of it comes over
the Valley road to San Francisco by way
of Stockton. The Panama Railroad Com
pany, which ships largely to San Francis
co, has, since the Valley road commenced
to make Oakland a terminal, made thia
city a terminal with the same freight
charges as to San Francisco. I am sur
prised that all the merchants of Oakland
were not informed as to these conditions."
IMPALED UPON A POST.
Extraordinary Accident That Cost a
Horse's Life.
OAKLAND, Nov. 19.— A valuable bay
mare belonging to Voice & Koertner, the
grocers at Thirty-fourth street and Tele
graph avenue, was spindled on a two
inch iron hitching post in front of tha
Philadelphia restaurant, corner of Elev
enth street and Broadway, to-night.
The accident is one of the most peculiar
on record. George Resseguire, the driver,
had hitched the animal in front of the
restaurant where he had to deliver some
goods. He tarried inside longer than was
necessary, perhaps, and the mare became
impatient, and stepping upon the side
walk received a sudden jolt in the flank
from the iron post, to which she was
hitched. In an effort to extricate herself
from the awkward and painful position
the horse made a sudden lurch when tha
post pierced the flesh several inches. By
standers attempted to lift the animal off,
but the result was still more disastrous,
for in another moment the horse, weak
from loss of blood, sank with pain and
the iron pole pierced its body entirely
through and extended on the other side
at least one foot, while the gutter ran k
full of blood. r-
Officer Flynn was summoned, and with
two shots put the horse out of misery.
Oppose Korean Restrictions.
YOKOHAMA, Nov. 19.— A dispatch from
Seoul, capital of Korea, says the Ameri
can, British and Japanese Ministers there
have protested against the action of tne
Korean Government in issuing orders that
foreigners are to be stopped from trading 1
in the interior.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
AII Lift Hunters Equipments, Fishing
IlllnlV Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIU for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
*" v 789 Market street. _^^
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton St Hedley. Props.*
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
MANUFACTURERS. i J
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MF(J. G&,
Manufacture blankets. C&sslmares. Twe»d» aa4
Flannels. 535 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
Goods (or sale at all leading: dry goods star—.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
BTZ A CO.. Agenta.
Ml California *.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE DCDVHiDIt Mattress Co..- <*3 - Mlaaiov
lilC DtKPinAKll tt. Telephone Main tm.
PAPER DEALERS.
U/II I AUETTP PULP AND PAPER CO..
YVILLMmLI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
. PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE.
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
— PRINTING. "
ec hughes, ,» ag™k«.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
''jgSg^PARTRIDGE a?fe
THE HICKS-JUDD CO- ffir..")^ 
TYPEWRITERS.
g|^ All Typewriters Rented.
Cj^^Cai Few partly used for sale cheap.
•gSjßgfTl AGENTS SMITH PREMIER,
JUgJjg^. L. &M. ALEXA -DER.
:g **^- £J .: • 110 Montgomery street. . .
..' . ■ WALLPAPER. , ~>J(
WHOT.F VLK A retail; send for «ampl»«. utat-
lnjt cnallty ft color. DUFFT CO.. 9^> Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN. ~~ ]
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public "Weighers.
General | Storage. •: Free and . Grain Warehouses
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1314.
WATCHES. ETC. ; .-;-;;.• ' ;
TI riNTtY Headquarter* for fins Jewelry aa4
.- " Vr ." " * » X *H W-k-- Wedding iUn«a, i Utt.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
DUTY NEARLY
LED HIM TO
HIS DEATH
Policeman Keyes Shot
by His Prisoner.
IS DANGEROUSLY WOUNDED
JOHN P. REDDY RESISTS ARREST
WITH A PISTOL.
He Was Wanted for a Cowardly
Crime Which Was 'Com
mitted in the City of
Alameda.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 19.
Police Officer Charles E. Keyes of Ala
meda, who exchanged shots this morning
with a man whom" he was arresting, is at
the Receiving Hospital in a critical condi
tion, and, judging from the opinions of the
doctors, his chances of living are very
slim.
John P. Reddy, the man wl
arrest by using his revolver, was arrested
this morning in San Jose, having evident
ly taken a freight train to the Garden
City after the shooting. He was brought
back to Oakland, and is now in the
County Jail.
The shooting occurred shortly after mid
night, in Jefferson square. Keyes came
from Alameda with a warrant to j
Reddy for an alleged criminal assault on
a young girl. The officer was not in uni
form, and it is not believed that Reddy
knew who he was.
After coming to this city Keyes learned
that Reddy lived in a building pear Sev
enth and Market streets. He concluded
to watch the place, and believed from
what he gathered that Reddy would re
turn home last evening about supper
time. Reddy did not put in an appear
ance as expected, ;;:ui Keyes communi
cated with Officer Sill, who was un that
beat, and while he went to lunch Sill
watched the house. About midnight
Reddy returned, but it is not known
where he first m>'t Keyes. as tho wounded
man is not permitted to talk. A. R. Sav
age saw the two men near Seventh and
Brush streets, going toward Broadway,
while Savage was slowly walking in tne
same direction.
"It was about midnight," said Savage
to-day, "when my attention was attracted
by loud talking near the corner of Sev
enth and Brush streets. One man was
taller than the other, and seemed to be
trying to get the shorter man under his
control. After talking- a, while they start
ed to walk easterly down Seventh street.
When In about the middle of the block
between Brush and Castro I saw the
taller man had his hand on the other's
shoulder, and they were walking: at arm's
length. 'Then they crossed over to the
other side of the street, near the corner.
The taller man seemed to be trying: to put
something on the shorter man's hands,
and the latter was resisting. They then
started to walk down Grove street, and
my attention was attracted by hearing
five shots fired in quick succession, from
•what I judged from the report to be a
caliber pistoL Then I saw a man
cross from the south side to the north side
of •nth street, turning up Grove and
■walking on the east side toward Eighth.
Immediately I saw another fellow about
thirty feet behind. I then heard anotner
shot, making the sixth I had heard, but
the report seemed to be from a different
pistol. I "was then standing on Seventh
street, between Castro and Grove. Both
men walked back to Seventh street, and
then I heard two more shots. Then one
man turned and went up Grove street
again, toward Eighth. I saw the flashes
of four shots. I was attracted by the re
port of the first shot, and then rushed
over the curb and saw the flashes of four
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" 7 7 " ; .
knocks out the
Every Bad Cold
is complicated with Grip.
■When Grip prevails everything
is Grip. At this season of the
year Grip is in the air; Grip is
everywhere. Colds are all
mixed up with Grip. Note how
your- Cold hangs on, that's
'Grip; that's where it gets its
name G-r-i-p— »hang on.
"77" knocks out the Grip and
breaks up Colds that hang on.
At druggists or sent prepaid: price, 25c and
COc; large pocket flask, $100. Dr. Humphreys'
Manual at druggists or sent free.
Humphreys' Med. Co., cor. William and John
sts.. New York. ■ Be sure to get
H-U°M-P°H~R=E-Y-S
HOFFMAN'S CANDIES.
SUPERIOR QUALITY.
Chocolates and Bon Bons 50c per lb.
Special Price In Larse Quantity.
Mail Orders Solicited.
THE MARTIN M. OFFMAN CO.,
1260 Broadway, Oakland, Cai.
AUCTION SALES.
£* KILLIP & CO.'S £»
First Winter Sale.
Five Ormonde Yearlings,
Five St. Carlos and
One Morello
AT AUCTION,
By order of W. OB. MACDONOUGH Esq.,
A — on—
Monday, November 21, 1898,
,- AT 7:30 P. M., AT
SALESYARD,
Corner Va i Ness Aye. and Market St.
Catalogues now ready." ■ : .
KILLIP &■ CO.. ,
LIVE STOCK AUCTIONEERS.
11 Montgomery street.
■- ■-■ - ■ ■ -*» - *
shots which followed. I was a block
away at the time. "
ral Collet officera who were in the
vicinity were attracted by the shooting
and found Officer Keyes on the sidewalk.
He was takes to the Receiving Hospital,
where it was found that t»o bullets had
struck him, one entering the left cheek
and the other embedded near the right
collarbone. The wounded man was so
weak from shock and loss of blood that
the bullets could not be extracted and the
physicians are not yet satislied as to the
course they took.
officer Keyes did not lose consciousness,
but was suffering so Intensely that he
could not talk except to convey the idea
that Reddy had shot him while resisting
arrest.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Shattuck, the
mother of the girl Reddy is charged with
assaulting, met Reddy and told him that
b"fore the day was over he would be in
Jail. Mrs. Shattuck attempted to secure
the arrest of Reddy by a little plot she
worked up yesterday. She telephoned to I
the Onicago Clock Company, by whom |
Reddy was employed as canvasser, ana |
left an order for some goods to be de
livered at her house. Reddy took the \
goods that were ordered, put them in a
wagon and, accompanied by another em- ;
ploye, drove to Mrs, Shattuck's store in ■
Alameda.
As soon as the woman saw her daugh
ters assaJlant she denounced him bitter
ly and attempted to hold him in her grasp |
until she could turn him over to the po
lice. She struck him several times but \
was unable to hold him. Reddy ran away j
and disappeared, abandoning the horse
and wagon, which the other employe
brought back to Oakland. This experi
ence convinced Reddy that Mrs. Shattuck
had taken steps to secure his arrest and
he therefore decided not to go to his
room at Seventh and Market last night,
but was evidently trying to get there
without being noticed when he met Offi
cer Keyes.
It is not known who fired the first shot,
but all the six chambers of Keyes' revol- j
yet were empty when he was found on j
the sidewalk. The two men were not I
close together when shooting, for there
are no evidences of powder marks on
either the face or clothing of Keyes.
At noon to-day word was received by i
the Oakland police that James Reddy had I
been arrested at San Jose. It Was sus
pected that Reddv had gone in that di
rection and Chief Fletcher of this city
had telegraphed down there to look out
for him. He was found in a store on
West ■ San Fernando street and quietly
submitted to arrest. He acknowledged
that he was the James Reddy who was
charged with a serious assault in Ala
meda, but he denied all knowledge of
, the shoooting. Since last night he has
shaved off his mustache, but it did not
sufficiently alter his appoarance to pre
vent some young men with whom he was
acquainted at Ban Jose from recogniz
ing him.
Reddy is a canvasser for the Chicago
' Clock Company. He has worked there
- <me time, but did not return after
j leaving yesterday afternoon with goods
tor Mrs. Shattuck. He is a married man
! and has two children.
H. K. Jackson, one of the employes of
j the store, says that if Reddy was really
! the man who shot Keyes, he must have
; recently bought a gun, because for sev
; eral months his revolver has been loaned
j to Charles Norcross. who is the night
watchman for the Clock Company.
Officer Keyes lives in Alameda, where
: he has a wife and two children. Mrs.
Keyes came over to Oakland as soon as
she was informed of the shooting, and
spent all day waiting on her husband.
Detective Denny Holland and Marshal
Rogers of Alameda returned from San
Jose at 6:40 to-night with Reddy. The
I prisoner was first taken to the Receiving
I Hospital, where he was confronted with
■ the injured officer for identification.
At the bedside sat the wife of the dy
ing man. Keyes was conscious when his
supposed assailant stepped up to the cot,
but was too weak at the time to say
whether or not Reddy is the man.
Later, however. Keyes rallied sufficiently
to whisper to Steward Tobin that "That
was the man, but his mustache is shaved {
off.'" Then he closed his eyes again and {
at a late hour was still resting apparent- i
!y easy. The accused man was taken to
the City Prison but was not booked. To •
Detective Holland and Marshal Rogers he
tells a story that seems plausible on its
face. If he can prove its truth he can es
tablish an alibi. He clearly denies any
connection with the shooting affair, but :
frankly confesses his guilt as to the j
charge of a criminal assault on a young :
girl.
"I took a car at Oak and Twelfth streets
at about 7:30 o'clock last night," said Red
dy, "and rode to San Leandro. where I j
remained half an hour. Then I boarded |
B car for Hay wards, arriving there at i
about 10:30. At Haywards I stopped at a
place kept by an Italian or Portuguese, j
where I paid 25 cents for my supper and
the same amount for a bed. I got up at
7 o'clock this morning, had breakfast and
took a car to the depot, where I boarded j
the train for San Jose, arriving there at
10:45. 1 went there to visit some friends.
OFFICER CHfIRLES E. KEYES Identifyir>g the Mao Who
Shot Him.
I called at several places, when the offi
cers (Kidworth, Anderson and Healy) ar
rested me.
"Why did I shave off my mustache? Be
cause I knew they were after me on that
charge about the girl, and I felt that I
could get away better disguised. I had
my mustache shaved off at 6:30 o'clock
last night and borrowed $o from a friend
on Isabella street iVi this city. 1 '
Reddy is about 44 years of age. He is
a native of Boston and Is illiterate,
tnousrh a fluent talker. The officers do
not say positively that Reddy Is the
man who shot Keyes, for they will first
have to go over the ground and investi
gate Reddy's story.
"We have no reason at this time to dis
pute the man's statement," said Marshal
Rogers, "for as yet we have no prima
facie evidence that he is the man. There
was no difficulty in arresting Reddy at
San Jose. We knew beforehand the places
he would be likely to visit there and n
structed the parties to notify the police
of his arrival, which they did.
"To-morrow Detective Holland and my
self will take the prisoner to the various
places he refers to Id his story and we
will have to go over the whole ground
with him.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, StXKPAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
"If he can prove what he says is so he
will be able, to establish one of the most
wonderful alibis ever heard of. and if he
can, then the question resolves Itself,
Who did Officer Keyes arrest? Surely none
but the most desperate of characters,
one, perhaps, whose identification would
be most incriminating in some other
crime. Reddy told friends at San Jose
that he was going East and admit? that
he wanted to get away because of the
other charge against him."
The hat found at Jackson Park after
the shootin" is a derby, while Reddy.
when arrested at San Jose, wore a soft
felt hat, such as he usually had on.
The injured man is still too weak to
talk above a whisper, and has as yet
made no statement of how he was shot.
The attending physicians to-night ex
pressed favorable hopes of his chances
for recovery.
Keyes was apnointed a member of the
Alameda police force about seven years
ago, succeeding David Chisholm. de
ceased. His record as an officer is an ex
ceptionally good one. He is the favorite
of the department, and highly esteemed
by both his superior officers and the
public at large. Chief Rogers considered
him one of the most efficient and careful
men on the force and an officer of marked
judgment and courage. He has been in
trusted with many dangerous duties and
has never faltered in carrying out in
structions.
As soon as the Alameda City Trustees
learned of the shooting this morning they
Issued orders to spare no expense in car
ing for the wounded officer and providing
for his comfort. Two Alameda physicians
were engaged to assist the hospital sur
geons and a trained nurse was sent to
attend the sufferer.
The crime for which Officer Keyes
sought to arrest his assailant was a
most heinous one. It is alleged that last
Thursday afternoon he attempted a
criminal assault upon Irene Shattuck, the
11-year-old daughter of T. E. Shattuck,
who conducts a small store at the corner
of Chestnut street and Enclnal avenue.
The offense is said to have been com
mitted at the child's home, 2019 Encinal
ROOM IN WHICH MISS LILLIAN BRANDES ENDED HER LIFE
avenue, while she was alone in the
house.
Caught in San Joso.
SAN JOSE, Nov. James Reddy, the
man who shot Policeman Keyes of Ala
meda in Oakland at 12:30 o'clock this
morning, was ■ arrested here about 11:30
to-day. The arrest was made by Police
Chief Kidward and Detectives Anderson
and Haley. They had received word that
Reddy had headed in this direction and
had some' young men who knew him on
the watch. They located him in a store
on West San Fernando street, and while
one engagf 1 him in conversation the
other soug? t the officers, who made the
arrest. Reedy had shaved off his mus
tache. He acknowledges his identity, but
denies all knowledge of the shooting of
the policeman. He concedes that he is
the man against whom the girl has made
a serious charge.
—■ • ■
They May Have Eloped.
OAKLAND. Nov. 18.— Thomas Barnett
of Cor»-.' Hollow Is looking for hie wife
and 6-year-old child. According to his
story Mrs. Barnett and the child left
home three weeks ago with $60 with which
to buy Christmas presents, and he has
meen unable to locate her since. He has
grave suspicion, however, that she has
left for parts unknown in company with
a gambler named Charles West whom she
visited on a previous occasion during one
of her brief stays In this city. Barnett
has asked the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children to assist him in
his search.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA.*Nov. 19.— John A. Russell Jr.,
ex-Deputy License Collector, and eon of
John A. Russell, clerk of the San Fran
cisco Board of Supervisors, Is dangerous
ly 111 at his home on Pacific avenue, West
Alameda.
Roswell G. Wheeler, City Treasurer, left
this evening: for Las Vegas, New Mexico,
where he will remain for a considerable
time in search of health.
The banquet which was to have been
given to-morrow in honor of Sheriff-elect
Rogers has been indefinitely postponed on
account of the shooting of Police Officer
Keyes.
SAD ENDING
OF A YOUNG
GIRL'S LIFE
Lillian Brandes Dies
by Her Own Hand.
HANGS HERSELF TO BEDPOST
NO MOTIVE ASSIGNED FOR THE
ACT.
i
The Father Hints at Mental Derange
ment, but Neighbors Tell
Tales of Brutal
Treatment.
BERKELEY, Nov. 19.— Lillian Brandes,
16 years of age, committed suicide by
hanging herself to a bedpost this morn-
Ing.
The circumstances leading up to the
tragic ending of her life and the reasons
and motives assigned for the act are not
clear. There remain features of the case
of which as yet nothing certain can be
learned, and which will not be known
until they are disclosed at tho Coroner's
inquest, set for Monday next.
Lillian Brandes was the only daughter
of William A. Brandes, 2234 Telegraph
avenue. The father, who works as a pa
trolman and nightwatchman for the resi
dence portion of East Berkeley, returned
as usual from his night duties about 6
o'clock this morning. Soon after return-
Ing he was awakened by his wife, who
had heard unusual and mysterious sounds
from the basement, where their daughter
had her room. Dressing hastily, he hur
ried downstairs, only to find the tragedy
already enacted and his child's life abso
lutely beyond recovery.*
There in a small square room, scantily
furnished, hanging to a bedpost in one
corner was the body of the girl. The de
tails of self-execution were perfectly sim
ple. A rope had been improvised from
two kitchen aprons. This was tied around
the neck and the top of the post. The
spring had been made, apparently, from
the bed to the floor, causing death by
strangulation. The girl was still in her
night robe, with feet dragging slightly on
the floor, knees resting against the bed
side, the body partly on the bed, the left
cheek touching the edge of the post. No
disorder whatever marked the condition
of the room; it was quite neat and tidy.
Dr. G. F. Whitworth was summoned
immediately, but the young girl's life was
beyond meuical aid.
The father is of opinion that his daugh
ter's suicide was prompted by her own
peculiar disposition and temperament. He
said this morning: "I feared at first that
Lillian had used strychnine before doing
what she did in order to be sure that the
terrible deed should succeed. But the
doctor finds no symptoms or traces of the
poison. Lillian had some strychnine
which she brought with her from 'the
country. She was a girl of queer disposi
tion and ÜBed to talk once in a while of
taking her own life.
"She was morbidly fond of sensational
stories and would jpore over newspaper
articles about Mrs. Botkin and Durie Hei
thier. She had a mania for poisoning
animals. The girl was quite feeble mind
ed so that we did not think of sending
her to school. She was to have left this
afternoon for a visit to her aunt in Mon
terey ,4 with whom she has often stayed
before."
There are, nevertheless, rumors that
the girl's life In Berkeley was not of the
happiest, and the reticence both of the
Coroner and the attending physician
points to facts which may give a different
coloring to the story. Several of the
neighbors are telling of Instances in
which they have been disturbed by cries
and sounds of blows coming from
Brandes' house.
Last Wednesday evening about 8 o'clock
two young men, Louis Long and Jim Mc-
Keown, were seated on the porch of the
house of W. J. Richardson, next door to
where Lillian Brandes this morning end
ed her life. They were startled by sounds
as of a child being beaten and cries of
"Oh, don't, don't," and a child's voice
pleading for mercy. A man was heard
indulging in violent tjaths and curses. As
the trouble went on the child was seen to
fall downstairs, the man following after,
continuing the blows and curses in the
basement.
The day following neighbors noticed the
girl searching for something in the yard.
A man's voice was heard to exclaim, "If
you don't find that money I'll choke you."
Later in the day R. J. Wright, driver of
the Dwight-way Bakery wagon, came to
the door, and the girl beged him pitifully
to lend her a dollar, as she had been
threatened severely if she failed to find
the money she was looking for.
These stories will be repeated at the
Coroner's inquest to be held Monday. The
Jurors for the Inquest were sworn in to
night When seen this evening. Dr. Whit
■wortti would say little about the state in ■
which the girl's body was found upon ex- |
amination. He discovered quite a severe
gash on the right cheek, contusions on i
the knees and several bruises upon dif-
Cerent parts of the body, but as to the ex- j
tent or nature of the latter he would say |
nothing. _
STRUCK ON HIS FACE.
Japanese Servant's Bad Fall of Forty
Feet From a Third-Story
Window.
OAKLAND, Nov. 19.— H. Hoashl, a
young Japanese residing at 758 Castro
street, fell from a third-story window of
a buliding at the corner of Fourteenth
and Market streets this morning. He nar
rowly escaped death.
Heashi was standing on the window sill
over W. W. Jackson's drugstore. He
was in the act of cleaning one of the
upper panes when he lost his balance and
fell headlong, his face striking upon the
artificial stone cellarway, about forty feet
below.
The -njured man was treated at the
Receiving Hoßnital and was removed thia
afternoon to the Japanese Mission.
CHEERED THE
CHOICE OF THE
GOLDEN STATE
Republicans Do Honor
to the Men Elected.
NIGHT OF WILD EXCITEMENT
ALAMEDA COUNTY JUBILANT
OVER THE CAMPAIGN.
Marching Hosts Parade the Streets
of Oakland and Listen to the
Eloquent Orators of the
Party.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Nov. 19.
This is the night of Alameda County's
jubilation. With all doubt ended, with all
the infamous insinuation and charges of
the defamers of Republicans proved to
be fals,e; with proof on every hand that
the principles and doctrines of the grand
old party are tnose of prosperity and ad
vancement, the Republican party of Ala
meda rejoiced over its recent victory with
not a single element of disappointment.
With fire, with music and with general
rejoicing an epitaph was written on the
grave of Maguireism.
How the mascot of the Republican Al
liance did twirl that globe! Although
carried for many years that big globe
never possessed such significance as it
did to-night. Since it was twirled on ihat
memorable night when tnis county cele
brated the election of McKinley, Re
publicanism has advanced many step.s,
and as the meridians pass by it was re
alized that it takes many more of them
to mark the limits of this nation than it
did in November, 1896.
The Republican party can afford to be,
and it was, magnanimous, to-night. Bit
ter and malicious as were many of the
utterances made by fusionists (so-called)
in this county during the campaign, there
was no desire to heap obloquy or humili
ation, and the transparencies carried con
tained no Suggestion that there is any
thing else in politics than Republicanism
and its principles.
Certainly no more fitting place could be
selected for a Republican jollification '
than the exposition building. Only a par- ■
tition separated those who were speak- ;
ing of the possibilities of this State if j
governed by stability and wisdom, and the
material evidence of the same argument. !
The procession was the best of the cam- •
paign. There were all the elements nee- i
essary to a genuine ratification and they
were dispersed as liberally as were Re
publican votes a few days ago. Only
splendid horsemanship saved some of the
aids from adding a tragedy to the juhliee.
At this stage the horses should have be
come accustomed to sulphur, rockets, red
fire, blue fire and cannon, but the steeds i
of the rough riders only could be expected
to march through such a fire as waa
maintained all along the line of march.
The Young Men's Republican League !
DrHl Corps turned out strong. Dewey
Camp of the Army and Navy League ;
marched joyfully and lightly to the mar
tlal music. The Frank Leavitt Club made
a section of its own and with the Sixth
Ward Club solved, by its immensity, tho
problem of why fusion cut such a small
figure. ,
From Alameda the West End Young
Men's Republican Club came to rejoice
with the rest. Alameda City gave two
good Republican candidates who were
elected by such large majorities that the
Encinal City can be pardoned for wanting
to assist in making Oakland red on this
occasion.
Up Washington from Second, down
Broadway to The Call office, where It ;
ctaunter marched, and from thence to the
Exposition building, the procession moved
ana thousands lined the streets on both
Bides. When the crowd caught sight
of the white-bearded man honored by all,
who will be the next Lieutenant Governor
of California, they cheered and Hon.
Jacob Neff returned the salute as well as
he could, but the continuous rain of |
sparks from torches and rockets kept the
distinguished guests in carriages busy
preventing their being cremated by the ,
evidences of the appreciation in which ;
they are held.
A packed house greeted the Republican
leaders at the Exposition building. A. H.
Breed, chairman of the Alameda County
Central Committee, called the meeting to
order and Introduced Hon. D. Edward
Collins as chairman of the evening.
Among those who occupied seats on the
p.atform were Hon. Jacob Neff, Hon.
Tirey L. Ford, Hon. Charles F. Curry,
Dr. George C. rardee, William R. Davis,
Charles H. Spear, Mayor W. R. Thomas,
A. K. Grim, A. H. Breed, David Knowles,
Major Kyle and Dr. Harkness of Stock
ton.
"As the first speaker of the evening,"
said Chairman Collins. "1 take pleasure
in Introducing our honored Lieutenant
Governor-elect, Jacob Neff." Prolonged
cheers followed the Introduction.
"It is with the greatest pleasure I meet
with you this evening," said Mr. Neff
when the apMause had subsided. "It is
not expected of me at this late day to say
anything of the great issues. The victory
of the banner county has gone down into
history. The campaign involves the in
dorsement of that great man at the head
of the nation, \..uiam McKinley. Our
campaign was fought on national lines.
1 thank you from the bottom of my heart
for the "magnificent vote you gave me.
My purpose will be for an honest, eco
nomical administration. For this I shall i
labor. Ft>r this Alameda County voted
for me, and the banner county shall never
regret its decision."
Tirey L. Ford, Attorney General-elect,
waa the next speaker. "Nowhere outside
of America," began Mr. Ford, "could such
earnest partisan warfare be succeeded by ]
such a political peace. We have
solved the problem of universal suffrage.
To-night we meet to rejoice, not over a
fallen foe, but that we have been suc
cessful at the polls.
At the mention of the names of Dr.
George C. Pardee and William R. Davis
the audience indulged in prolonged ap
plause.
Chairman Collins then read a telegram
from Governor-elect Henry T. Gage, who
expressed regret at not being able to par- ;
tlcipate in the rejoicing of the banner :
Republican county.
William R. Davis followed. He told the
audience that It was a good time to bury |
fusion.
Dr. George C. Pardee then spoke briefly. ,
"It was my privilege," said Dr. Pardee,
"to tell the recent Republican State Con
vention at Sacramento that although Ala
meda County should not get what she
wanted at that time she would be true to
the Republican party and keep the great
banner for another term of years. This
pledge has been honestly kept."
Great applause greeted Charles F.
Curry as he stepped to the front of tne
platform at the conclusion of Dr. Perdee's
remarks. "I came here to-night to re
joice with you over the great victory of
Americanism over that conglomeration of
fusion that has been most properly de
feated. Probably of all the men in me
campaign I have been the most maligned,
the most caricatured, the most unjustly
treated. I have been almost made a vic
tim of yellow journalism; but, thanks to
the people of the State, they know the
source of my enemy's attack. I want to
get better acquainted with you, for I be
lieve I can convince you that the treat
ment given me by the Democrats has been |
most unjust. I will give you a clean, hon
est administration that will show you
that you did wisely In not giving my of
fice to the Democracy."
Major Kyle and Dr. Harkness followed i
In brief speeches, after which the meeting ;
adjourned.
The Court Was Lenient.
OAKLAND, Nov. 19.— Superior Judge '
Ellsworth to-day sentenced "Dr." C. F. !
Ciark to on© year's imprisonment in San
Quentln. Clark pleaded guilty to larceny j
in stealing a valuable microscope from i
Dr. J. C. Akerly's office. |
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
THE STRONG MM Of
' GREECE.
A Lesson for Weak
Women.
The graceful Grecian women admired
the strength combined with skill which
was displayed to its highest perfection
in the athletes cf their race. Among
the greatest of these athletes was Milo.
the man who carried an ox on his
shxjuhJers. It was an age of athleti-
cism. "There were giants in those
days." Doubtless many an athlete
could have showed thews as great as
Milo's. But for all that Milo was the
■ " :, / -__-—-—-—_-——
only man who could shoulder the ox.
How was it done? The athlete told the
story himself. He began with the ox
when it was a little calf, lifting it
daily, until it became the full grown
bulky beast which he carried in the
arena.
Milo was an athletic specialist. Pie
is typical of all specialists in that he
succeeded by doing the same thing over
and over day after day for years.
One at the greatest specialists of the
day is Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief consult-
ing physician to the Invalids' Hotel an«|
Surgical Institute of Buffalo, N. Y.
Thirty years of Dr. Pierces life have
been given to the treatment of all the
varying forms of female disease. Every
day the diseases that affect the delic ite
organs of women have been his study.
Half a million of women have been fo
successfully treated by him that r nine-
ty-eight per cent have been perfectly
and permanently cured. Why should
such success attend Dr. Pierces efforts
when reputable physicians have said
there was no help? W r hy should Dr.
Pierce cure with his special medicines
when other physicians have said there
must be an "operation"? Are not
these other physicians as learned and
as clever as Dr. Pierce? Those are fair
questions and should be fairly an-
swered.
Doubtless similar questions were
asked about Mllo. "What is the mat-
ter with the other athletes? They look
just as big and as strong as Milo. Why
can't they do what he does?" And
then appealing to the successful ath-
lete, they ask, "How do you manage
it, Milo?" And Milo answers, "I've
been doing it for years. My skill has
grown with its daily exercise."
That, in substance, is the plain answer
of Dr. Pierce to all questions as to the
secret of his superiority and of his suc-
cess. "Haven't these other physicians
the education to treat disease?" "Then
why do you succeed where others fail?"
it is asked. "Simply because I've been
treating these diseases for over thirty-
years and my skill has grown every
day with its exercise," is the reply.
There's no secret, no mystery about this
success. It's acquired b'- the same
methods by which the success of any
specialist is acquired: devotion to one
thing, and daily practice. The same
things made Paderewski a specialist on
the piano and^©r. Carver a specialist
with the rifle.
It was the knowledge gained in this
daily practice and wide experience
which guided Dr. Pierce in the selection
and combination of the several ingredi-
ents which make up that remarkable
compound "Favorite Prescription."
Thousands have welcomed it as the best
friend of woman; "the friend indeed"
because it is "the friend in need."
It exercises a complete control over the
entire female organism. It reerulates
the periods, stops debilitating and dis-
gusting drains, allays inflammation-:
heals ulceration, cures female weak-
ness and the accompanying beariner
down pains. It is the chief of all tonics
for the prospective mother. It does
not brace up, but builds ud the entire
system, giving the maternal organs
strength and elasticity which make the
birth hour brief and practically pain-
less. It removes the depression of
mind so often accompanying this condi-
tion, does away with morning sickness
and gives the mind a cheerful and con-
fident tone so that there is no dread and
no anxiety. It prepares the mother for
the pleasant duty of nursing, establish-
ing a normal and healthful flow of the
nutritive secretions, the flow of which
does not have to be stimulated by in-
toxicants which are debilitating to the
mother and dangerous to the child.
These results are truly wonderful.
Every woman admits that she never
supposed it was possible to escape the
pain of motherhood and to be cured of
those diseases of the delicate female or-
gans which make life a misery. And
the gratitude of the cured is commen-
surate with the wonder of their cure.
There is no other medicine that has
done so much, is doing so much, or
can do so much for women, as Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription.
Every sick and ailing woman who
wants to know what can be done for
her is invited to consult Dr. Pierce by
letter. He will consider her case and
advise her in a frank and fatherly
manner, giving her the full benefit of
hiß years of practice and->experience in
the diseases peculiar to women. For
this consultation by letter there is ab*-
solutely no charge. It is entirely free.
Write freely and fully. Your letter
will be held as strictly private and sa-
credly confidential. You can write,
therefore, without fear as without fee.
Many ailing women eagerly take ad-
vantage of this consultation by letter,
because it relieves them from the
answering of questions which seem
indelicate, and the examinations and
local treatments, so offensive to the
natural delicacy of women, and sren-
erally so entirely unnecessary to a
specialist of Dr. Plerce's wide ex-
perience. The sympathies of women
are sometimes played upon by Invita-
tions to "write to a woman who can
sympathize with women," etc. A sick
I DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
woman does not need to go abroad for
sympathy. What she needs is the
| skilled, intelligent help of an educated,
experienced physician. As far as is
known there is no . woman connected
with any proprietary medicine who ia
a graduated physician, who has in-
deed any qualification to treat the
commonest hurts or ills. There cer-
tainly is no one — man or woman — who
can offer as does Dr. Pierce — the spe-
cialism of thirty years' practice and ex-
perience in treating female diseases.
! with a record of ninety-eight cures in
every hundred cases.
Miss Laura C. Brooks of Clinch,
Hancock County, Term., offers a good
specimen of the missionary spirit' in-
spired by a wonderful experience of re-
lref from the clutch of pain and cure of
distressing disease. Read her letter
carefully and you can understand the
fervor of her gratitude.
"I thank God for such remedies
as your 'Favorite Prescription' and
•Golden Medical Discovery,' for lnynrlf
and friends honestly believe tnat had it
not been for these wonderful medicines
I would to-day be in my ?ravt. lam
sure that I could not hav-3 lived many
days in the condition I was in at the
time I first consulted you. I was only
praying to die and be free from pain. I
was simply a shadow and we had tried
almost everything, when, through a
friend I was advised to write to you,
which I did.thinking all the while that
it was only foolishness to think that
such a case as mine could be cured.
But Ido not think so to-day. After ia<»
first week's treatment just as you pre-
scribed, I felt like another woman and I
hardly believed that such could be,
when the first period was passed with-
out pain. I continued the treatment
until I had used about seven bottles of
the "Favorite Prescription' and some of
the "Discovery," and now I am a well
woman. I wuuld have given any
amount if I had had it, just for the
rest it has already given me — rest from
pain. I never know when the periods
are coming on now, as I am free from
pain, and during the time I feel just as
well as any time, and am never con-
fined to my room as I once was. I can
eat anything I want and can work at
any kind of work, something I could
never do till this summer. Everybody
who knows me thinks it wonderful that
I am not sick any more. I thank God
for this friend of women, this blessed
'Favorite Prescription.' The very name
sounds sweet to me. I am causing
many of my friends to use it and all are
improving. I can never tell you how
I thank you, dear doctor, for your kind
advice and for your kind, good, fatherly
letters to me."
"You have my many heartfelt
thanks," writes Mrs. Claus Nelson of
Pico Heights, Los Angeles, Cal.. box
31, "for your kindly advice to me in my
sickness; also for your book which I re-
ceived two years ago, and which I
could not do without. It is all the doc-
tor I have had since I got it. Your
Smart-Weed' I always keep in the
house and could not do without it. I
had female trouble, and Dr. , Pierces
Favorite Prescription, togethen with
the advice given in his book, cured me
of five years' sickness."
There is no alcohol, whisky or other
intoxicant in "Favorite Prescription."
It contains no opium pr other narcotic,
neither syrup nor sugar. Without any
of these it preserves its medicinal vir-
tues in any climate and retains its
pleasant taste.
If your dealer offers a substitute for
"Favorite Prescription," remember that
the substitute is not what you asked
for, not what you wanted, not what you
believed would cure you, and not what
cured the others, the records of whose
cures gave you confidence in "Favorite
Prescription" for your case. To buy it *
is to please the dealer who makes a bet-
ter profit on it, and to rob yourself of
the cure which will only be found In
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. Re-
fuse all substitutes for this valuable
medicine.
No recipient of Dr. Pierces great
gift, the People's Common Sense Medi-
cal Adviser, has ever had anything but
praise and gratitude to offer for this
really valuable book containing 1008
pages and over 700 illustrations.
As a specimen letter we publish the
following received from M. H. Peters,
M. D., 124 East 120 th St., New York
City. He writes:
"I consider it a valuable work for the
use of all the young. It i» so explicit
that the young men or women who
have not had the opportunity of being
educated will readily comprehend and
glean from its contents gems to protect
their health; and may, as age comes
on, refer to it with gladness. The young
mother will also learn lessons to assist
her; many young mothers are Ignorant
in every detail as to the care of their
offspring."
This great book is sent free to all on
receipt of stamps to defray cost of
mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for mailing the- edition bound in paper
or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound edi-
tion. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo,
N. Y.
tW PALACE «r.B
S w PALACE W 2
* CR AND HOTMhM %
OAI9 MtAHCIUCO.
Jr [ Connected by a covered passageway.
D 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. J*
O AM Under One Management O
ATv ROTS THK PRICES: . Q
Z European Plan.fl.OO per day and upward a
Q American Plan. $3.00 per day and upward <J
ft Correapondeno* Solicited. Q
q JOSH 0. KIRSPATKICK. Xu»f». - v <*
CLO oo o OOOOOOOQOOO-g
DR. MCNULTY.
H^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1 SpeclaltetcwreiPrlvate.NerypOs.amjßloodDifr
•fuses of Men only. Boot on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over sOy'rV experience.
Patients cured lit Home. Terms ren^onnhle. HouraO
to3dallv;6:3otoB:3oev'Ki!. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.oraddiee*
•."•■;."., P. roscoe mcnulty;>m.d.V
2(54 Kearny St.. San Francisco, Cai.
1516
TWO JURIES ARE UNDER INVESTIGATION.
Becker-Creegan Case.
Prosecution Is Suspi
cious of That Disa
greement.
A suspicion that the jury in the Becker-
Creegan forgery case was tampered with
has taken firm root in the minds of the
lawyers and detectives who conducted the
prosecution against the forgers. Many
circumstances in connection with the ac
tion of the three jurors who voted for
acquittal are considered sufflciently
strange by Chief of Police Lees and De
tective Pinkerton to warrant a thorough
investigation.
The police probe is now being used to
discover, if possible, why Jurors David
Brooks, Edwin Lang and E. H. Seaman
obstinately refused -to discuss the evi
dence against the defendants and held
the other nine jurors out for forty-eight
hours and finally forced a disagreement.
The nine members of the jury who be
lieved the defendants were guilty of forg
ing a draft for $22,000 on the Nevada
Bank are at a loss to understand the
position of the three who held out for
acquittal, especially when the latter ab
solutely refused to debate the question in
the jury room.
Details of the proceedings in the jury
chamber have been given to Detective
Pinkerton and the Police Department.
When the jury retired, after being
charged by Judge Wallace, Messrs.
Brooks, Lang and Seaman immediately
separated from the other members and
held a whispered consultation in the
corner of the room. They were asked by
the foreman to participate in a review of
the testimony presented, but flatly re
fused. They informed their fellow-jurors
that they had made up their minds to
vote to acquit the defendants and would
not recede from that determination if the
deliberation continued until doomsday.
The foreman, hoping to bring about an
agreement of some sort, took the jury
into court twice for additional instruc
tions from the Judge. In both instances
his efforts were ridiculed by the three ob
durate jurymen.
An inexplicable incident is found in the
presence of one member on the jury. A
short time ago he was drawn as a tales
man in a railroad case in Judge Dainger
ADVEBTISZMENTS.
BLOOD HUMORS
Skin Humors Scalp Humors
Hair Humors
Caused and Maintained by Humor
Germs in the System.
Reasons Why Cuticura Re-
solvent Succeeds When
Physicians Fail.
-\ Of all the remedies for the purification
of the blood and circulating fluids, none
approach, in specific medical action, the
wonderful properties of Cuticura Resol-
vent. In forty minutes after taking the
first dose it may be detected by chemical
analysis in the saliva, sweat, fat and
blood, showing it has entered the circulat-
ing fluids, made the entire circuit of the
human labyrinth many times and become
a part of those fluids which pass through
the pores, tubes and vessels of the skin
to the surface of the body. But it does
mere than this. It is a powerful purify-
ing apent and liver stimulant. It neutra-
lizes and resolves away (hence its name,
Resolvent) scrofulous, inherited, and
other humors, which float in the blood
nnd which give rise to swelling of th-j
glands, pains in the bones and torturing,
disfiguring eruptions of the skin and
scalp, with loss of hair.
Cuticura Resolvent extends its purifying
influence by means of the pores tc the
surface of the skin, allaying irritation, in-
flammation, itching and burning, and
soothing and healing external humors, be-
cause of its power to neutralize humor-
germs which float in the blood and circu-
lating fluids. Hence its success in the
treatment of distressing humors of the
skin, scalp and blood, with loss of hair,
which fail to be permanently cured by ex-
ternal remedies alone. Cuticura Resol-
vent is, therefore, not only most impor-
tant in the cure of all external humors, as
well as internal, but most economical,
hastening the cure and insuring its per-
manency.
Cuticura Resolvent exerts a gentle but
constant influence upon the bowels, liver
and kidneys, purifying the fluids of these
organs and maintaining them in a normal
condition of health, thus removing a com-
mon cause of yellow, mothy, greasy skin,
and more or less of pimples, blotches
and biackheads.
Many forms of debility for which no
cause can be discovered are due to the
presence of humors in the blood, bones
and fluids. Cuticura Resolvent possesses,
in the highest degree, humor-expelling
properties, and at the same time acts as
a gentle aperient, diuretic and digestive.
It promotes the general health, while in-
suring the expulsion of humors, which
manifest themselves in the obscure forms
of rheumatism, gout, kidney pains and
liver troubles.
Mothers are assured of the absolute pur-
ity of Cuticura Resolvent and its freedom
from any ingredient that is in the least
objectionable in_aiiion, taste or odor. It
is, therefui p,^readilyT&h^n by children of
all ages and conditions, and should be
freely given on the first appearance of
humors, whether simple, scrofulous or
hereditary. It is also a mother's remedy,
regulating and strengthening the mater-
nal functions, while purifying the system
of ulcerative weaknesses and debilitating
humors. Certificates of. its purity from
the highest analytical chemists of the
State of Massachusetts accompany each
bottle.
Cuticura Resolvent is pharmaorutically
and scientifically perfect. It is prepared
on a scale that ensures the greatest value
for the least expenditure. It is preserved,
when completed, in block tin lined tanks
for a long period, acquiring stability and
that round, rich, appetising flavor that
comes only from age. While according to
other alteratives and blood purifiers all
the praise they deserve, none approach
Cuticura Resolvent in the possession of
all the virtues essential to the expulsion
of humors whether external or internal,
and the promotion of health, strength and
longevity. It is. therefore, economy to
take Cuticura Resolvent on every occa-
sion possible, while using Cuticura (oint-
ment), and Cuticura Soap externally, as
the readiest means of insuring a speedy,
)ermanent and economical cure and real-
fcing that greatest of human blessing, "a
<kin without blemish and a body nour-
ished with pure blood."
*c. '■ -
field's court and was disqualified because
he admitted a close friendship for Peter
F Dunne, who was the railroad attorney,
and said Air. Dunne formerlj* boarded a
horse at his stable. When examined as
to his qualification to sit on the Becker-
Creegaii jury this particular talesman
said he had only a speaking acquaintance
with Mr. Dunne. - ,
Another circumstance which is regard
ed as peculiar by the prosecuting omcer
was the presence at every session during
the trial of the forger of an employe of
the railroad company who is very fa
miliar with the drawing of jurors. This
man's constant presence in the court
room and the fact that he was frequently
seen with members of the jury prompted
Chief Lees to ask him if he was inter
ested in the case. He replied that he was
not, but that Pete Dunne was a very
warm friend of his and he hoped to see
him win the case. The individual re
ferred to always sat as close to the jury
box as he could get and seemed to be
more interested in the twelve men there
in than he was in the testimony of wit
nesses.
Soon after the trial was well under way,
when too late to make the necessary ob
jections, the Police Department received
a number of anonymous letters warning
the prosecutors of Becker and Creegan
that a conviction could not be secured.
Several letters contained direct warnings
against one juror. In view of these warn
ings the prosecution was not surprised
when a disagreement was announced.
Chief of Police Lees refused to discuss
the suspicious incidents referred to be
cause he is a witness in the case and
would be guilty of contempt. Detective
William Pinkerton was less reticent. He
said:
"We were warned that the jury, in the
Becker-Creegan trial was sure to disa
gree and consequently were not a bit sur
prised at the result. The warnings were
considered trustworthy but were received
too late to be of any value to the prose
cution. Then, too, we were so positive
that our case was perfect that we felt
justified in going ahead, feeling that no
man would have the temerity to vote for
the acquittal of the forgers after the evi
dence was all in.
"The evidence presented at the first trial
was much more direct and conclusive
than in the first trial, when a conviction
was secured.
"Let me say right here that neither the
American Bankers' Association nor the
bankers of California have any desire to
prosecute innocent men. These men are
notoriously dangerous and skillful for
gers and should be behind the bars, where
they cannot prey upon society.
"But to resume about the jury. The
unsatisfactory termination of the recent
trial in Judge Wallace'-s court convinced
me that something was wrong. Acting in
conjunction with the detectives of San
Francisco I began an investigation.
Every one of the nine jurors who voted
to convict the defendants has been inter
viewed. The^- have told us of the peculiar
demeanor ot the three jurors who held
out for an acquittal. As soon as the door
closed upon the jury the three men re
tired to a corner of the room and, after
a brief consultation, in which none of
the others participated, they announced
their position and unalterable intention
to vote for" the discharge of the accused
forgers. Then and afterward they abso
lutely refused to discuss the case on its
merits and laughed at their confreres who
sought to convince them that the evidence
justified a verdict of guilty.
"Ample opportunity was afforded for
the corruption of the jury by the frequent
and long adjournments. Court would re
cess from Friday until Monday, and elec
tion week an adjournment lasting six
days was had.
"I wish you to state that I do not think
for an instant that Messrs. Dunne and
McPike, the defendants' attorneys, are
in any way involved In tue suspicions
which attach to certain members of the
jury. Both are reputable gentlemen, and
I know they would not, under any cir
cumstance, countenance a crime. I am
certain that these gentlemen knew noth
ing of any attempt to fix the Jury, If it
was fixed.
"We cannot charge any one with em
bracery, but many circumstances con
nected with the case justify us in saying
that some strange influence seems to have
been at work to defeat justice.
"Becker and Creegan will not be al
lowed to escape. We are ready to proceed
with another trial. The witnesses from
New York and Philadelphia who were
brought here to testify will remain, and
an immediate retrial will be insisted upon
by the prosecution.
"Regarding the man who is suspected of
tampering with the jury I cannot say any
thing at this time; but if the leads we are
working on develop, and we expect they
will, something is liable to drop on an
Individual who will have a pretty hard
time clearing himself. This person is
employed by a lar^e corporation which
has a" great many jury cases on trial at
all times, and he is onto all the lines.
"You may say with safety that some
sensational developments are sure to
come before this matter is dropped."
Doctors' Daughters' Ambulance.
The ambulance which was presented to
the city by the Doctors' Daughters for the
use of the Receiving Hospital was yes
terday turned over to the control of the
Police Department. Chief Lees has con
tended that the ambulance should be un
der the control of his department and
Supervisors Delaney and Haskins have at
last agreed with him, hence the new order
of things.
Charged With Arson.
Henry Beacon and Mary Shields, charg
ed with arson, it being alleged that on
September 25 they set fire to a house at
201 Virginia place, pleaded not guilty be
fore Judge Cook yesterday. A continuance
of a week was granted the defendants
within which to meditate and reach a
decision as to whether they will stand
trial or change their plea to guilty and
throw themselves on fhe mercy of the
court.
An Official City Map.
The officers of the Merchants' Associa
tion have sent a letter to its members no
tifying them that to-morrow the Supervis
ors will consider the adoption of the map
of the city prepared by City Surveyor Til
ton, and adding: "if you know of any
errors or defects still existing in said map,
or any objection thereto, please send a
protest at once direct to the honorable
Board of Supervisors, so that the same
may be remedied before the map is finally
adopted." _
Bringing in Vagrants.
Policeman W. J. Smith made a record
for himself Friday night that is almost
without precedent. In about two hours
he made sixteen arrests on his beat, most
of the prisoners being vagrants who have
come to the city for the winter. His beat
is on Jessie and Stevenson streets and
most of the arrests were made on Annie
street in rear of the Palace Hotel.
Insulted a Woman.
D. H. Van Buskirk and M. T. Schu
macher, members of Battery E, Third
United States Artillery, were yesterday
convioted by Judge Mogan of using vul
gar language toward Mrs. Lena Silver, a
solicitor for a photograph gallery, while
at the Presidio. They were ordered to
appear for sentence to-morrow.
A Conductor's Mishap.
W. H. Royal, a conductor on the Mc-
Allister-street cars, fell off his car as it
turned sharply into Market street yes
terd»v morning. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where it was found
that his right ankle was broken.
Wants Damages for a Broken Leg.
Alphonse Soulages has sued Lenormand
Brothers to recover $10,000 damages for
personal injuries. Plaintiff alleges that
through the negligence of the defendants
he received a fall In their place of busi
ness, 735 Howard street, that resulted in
the fracture of ins left leg.
To Foreclose a Mortgage.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
filed suit yesterday against Leon H. Coch
ran and Louis Metzger to foreclose a
mortgage of $3000 on property situated on
the northerly line of Point Lobos avenue,
57 feet east of Fifth avenue.
Alameda Boys Victorious.
The Alameda High School football team
defeated the Polytechnic High School of
this city at Sixteenth and Folsom street
grounds yesterday by a score of 11 to 0.
The Alameda boys have defeated every
school they have met and stand an excel
lent chanco of Tvlnnin* the pennant.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
Nevills-Williams Case.
Talk of Crookedness
Leads to Words and
Blows.
A jury scandal is promised in the Nev
ills-"v\'llliams-Azhderlan case now on trial
before Judge Carroll Cook. Detective
Curtin and the attorneys for the aged
millionaire believe an attempt is being
made to fix the jury and acquit the al-
leged extortionists. If this succeeds, the
prosecution is firmly convinced that an
effort to mulct Captain Nevills of several
thousand dollars will surely follow.
Detective Curtin, who is in the employ
of Nevills, is keeping a vigilant watch on
several suspicious persons who are con
stant attendants at the trial in question.
He declares that ten to fifteen notorious
jury bribers are present at every session
of the court, and further alleges that
members of the jury have been talking
with these parties. This, however, is not
sufficient ground to make an accusation
in court that embracery is being attempt
ed, but suspicions are aroused and close
tab will be kept to uncover any criminal
ity.
Yesterday afternoon Curtin and D. B.
Woodworth had a fight in the corridor
outside Judge Cook's chambers. The al
tercation was the outcome of a statement
by Curtin that Woodworth was not at
tending the trial for any honest motive.
Woodworth received a severe beating,
and was taken to the Receiving Hospital
for repairs.
Day before yesterday Attorney Riordan,
who is conducting Nevills" case, reported
to Judge Cook that Woodworth was seen
talking to Juror Wilcox. and that he was
suspicious that his motive was not an
honorable one. Yesterday afternoon, as
the court adjourned, Woodworth met At
torneys Riordan and Short and Detective
Curtin in the corridor. Woodwotth ap
proached them and accused Mr. Riordan
of defaming his character and attempt
ing to Injure his reputation as an at
torney. Riordan replied that he had only
performed his duty In the premises. Then
he turned to leave the hall. Woodworth
then accused Detective Curtin of cir
culating lies about him. Curtin called the
attorney a liar, and Woodworth struck
the detective, who retaliated by knocking
Woodworth down. Woodworth arose ana
was about to resume the fight, when one
of Curtin's employes mixed in, with the
result that the attorney was badly used
up.
Detective Curtin talked of the affair last
night and also gave out the information
that he believed an attempt was being
made to fix the jury and secure a ver
dict against Nevills. He said:
"You may state in as strong language
as you wish that a sensation will be
sprung before the Nevills case is ended.
Attorney Riordan called the attention of
the court to only one suspicious incident.
There are dozens of them. Every day I
see from ten to fifteen notorious jury
bribers in Judge Cook's courtroom. They
do not attend every session out of curios
ity. They are there for a purpose and if
they don't watch out some or them will
go across the bay.
"This fellow Woodworth, who has been
present all during the trial,, is the man
who was mixed up with the A. P. A.'s two
years, ago. He was connected with Don
ald Ross, Marshall and Huddleson in an
unsavory piece of work which was pub
lished at the time. This man has been
hobnobbing with Juror "Wllcox. Now, I
don't accuse Wllcox of being crooked, but
he is in bad company. Woodworth sits
close to the jury box and we have over
heard some of his remarks to jurors as
they were passing out. His words, of
course, have no meaning unless an under
standing has been reached.
"The other day I heard _him say, so a
juror could hear, 'I'll fix those papers up
to-morrow,' and other equally strange
sentences.
"Woodworth is the close friend of
George W. Baker, who is conducting the
defense. He has had frequent interviews
with one or two jurors and t*"*ti ftas gone
directly to Baker'« office. There are a
number of other things which have a
strange appearance, ana we are only wait
ing developments."
» ,
NEVILLS WAS AFFECTIONATE.
Elsie Williams Continues 3ler Testi
mony in the Extortion Case.
Through nn admission of special counsel
for the prosecution in the Williams-
L,oose-Azhderian extortion case the let
ters written by Captain Nevills to the first
named defendant were not read to the
jury yesterday. Attorney George. W.
Baker offered the letters as evidence, but
their admission was objected to. Mr.
Baker stated that his object in seeking to
introduce the letters was to establish
the contention that Nevills loved Mrs.
Williams. "We will admit that Captain
NeviUa loved Mrs. Williams," said Attor
ney Riordan, and this ended the contro
versy. The letters were ruled out.
Mrs. Williams was then called to the
stand for cross-examination. She adhered
to her story given on direct examination
and then explained at length the devel
opment of the friendship between herself
and Nevills. Nevills first gained her con
fidence, she said, by employing her to
write letters for him at her place in the
Palace Hotel. Finally she accompanied
him to a downtown restaurant, where
they made merry and she dined, when
ever she had a chance between the affec
tionate demonstrations of her companion,
she said. A home was finally prepared for
her by Nevills and she was placed therein
and given money to support herself and
enjoy life. Nevills spent a large portion
of his time with her, and after many
blissful months sent 'her to his vineyard
in Fresno County, where she reigned su
preme. While she was at the vineyard
Nevills became Jealous of Azhderian, and
entirely without cause, she said. This
jealousy continued; complications arose;
her allowance was cut off- and in her ef
forts to provide for herself she gained the
enmity of Nevills, who now, she alleges,
after wronging her, occupies the position
of her prosecutor.
Of All the Gags of the Becent Cam
paign This Takes the Cake.
Hello, pollytishuns; say, the Art Sa
loon has two bunches of genuine (hoo
doos) peacock's feathers, which it of
fers for sale. They're all right. We've
tried 'em. Just buy a feather and send
it to the other fellow. Directions: Tell
messenger to do some PATTON on his
back to have him PHELAN good;
make him put his BONNET on and
take him down HILL a BLOCK to the
bost DRINKHOUSE on Market street,
1356, the Art Saloon, then JOKEHIM
SOME if you KAHN and play him like
you would a TROUTT; tell him he's a
DEASY; git him up agin the ice box
and FREESE him or chin him till he's
as BLACK as a COLE in the face be
fore HAWKIN(S) him to CARSON, or
he'll lay LOW for you till you get your
ARMSTRONG to tie a good KEMP
rope HEYER up than his shoulders
and just under his HEAD; COOK him
till he's DUNN; then TREADWELL
on him and BARRY him in some of the
dry WELLS about STOW lake, and if
he don't accept the (hoodoo) FEATH
ER you KAHN SIEBE his actions, he's
on to your little game and you didn't
GEDGE him up right. The above is a
copy of an illustrated sign in front of
the Art Saloon, the names of NOMO
NEYEES substituted by. photographs,
and it's all right and copyrighted, too. •
Injured by a Boiling Bock.
Michael Weiler, aged 60 years, residing:
at 24 Hoffman avenue, while engaged at
Gray Brother's quarry on Twenty-sixth
and Douglas streets, had his right leg
severely crushed by a rolling rock from
the face of the cut. The Injured man was
conveyed to the City and County Hospital
by Police Officer George F. Scott, where
the Injured limb was dressed by Dr. F. C.
Muller. A compound fracture of the
lower limb was the result of the accident.
Advanceß made on furniture and plßnos. with
r without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
FIERCE WILL
BE THE WAR
OF THE DOLLS
Society Will Award
the Honors.
NEXT THURSDAY THE SET'TO
BEWILDERING TOILETS PROM
ISED FAVORED PUPPETS.
A Revelation of Beauty in Store
at the Palace Under the Aus
pices of the Fair Doctors'
Daughters.
The maple room of the Palace has been
the scene of many a gorgeous fete, but an
affair arranged by the Doctors' Daughters
seems likely to surpass in brilliancy any
which have preceded it. This is the an
nual model doll show, the second. The
first was in all respects a success, and is
still a pleasant memory. The second will
be more elaborate, and in advance has
awakened a wider interest.
The show will open Thursday, Decem
ber 1, continuing until 11 p. m. of Satur
day. It will be open each day from 10
a. m. until 11 p. m. That the apartment
will be crowded and enthusiasm at a high
pitch throughout is already certain, for
society has taken the event in hand, and
when society does this, it follows the pat
tern of "the bright lexicon of youth,"
in knowing no such word as fail.
A doll show is a revelation of beauty. It
is a display of the most artistic work of
the modiste, and many who do not think
of fashioning a gown for their own wear
take pride in competing with the one
MISS JENNIE BLAIR, One of the
Most Untiring Workers for the
Dolls' Tournament.
whose business it is to devise dainty rai
ment adequately described as "dreams."
The dolls are to be divided into eleven
classes with a prize for the best in every
lot. The donor of the first prize will be
entitled to the doll, and the losing dolls
are to be sold at auction. That a doll
which has had the distinction of posing
at a model show will fetch a larger price
than the plebeian doll taken from the
counter without any training In the fash
ions and no knowledge of what is proper
to wear, goes without saying. As a busi
ness investment the show doll may not
appeal, but the Doctors' Daughters do not
appeal strictly to the commercial instinct. ,
There are to be prizes of $25, which will
perhaps cover the cost of the material for
the my gowns and the making. Several
ladies have already donated one of these
prizes each. These are Mesdames i-leanor
Martin, C. W. Crocker, Henry Payot,
Clarence Mann, Henry J. Crocker, Robert
McCreary, William G. Irwin, Joseph H.
Tobln, George W. Crocker, Frank faulli
van ami William Kohl.
Not every doll on exhibition will be en
tered for a. prize, as many are to be on
sule. Prices will range from 10 cents to
$f,O, and thus, as advertisements are wont
to" state, "be adapted to every purse."
Anybody who wishes to donate a dressed
doll may communicatte with Mrs. J.
Stow Ba"llard of GlO Hyde street. She will
accept the doll and later superintend the
selling of it to the donor or anybody else.
In fact, the Doctors' Daughters are In the
field to make money, and as they have a
recognized habit of putting it to noble
uses the public will wish them well and
visit the exhibition. As to getting away
without spending a trifle the public must
take its chances and will, with the utmost
cheerfulness. All the prominent dress
makers of the city have entered into the
spirit of the occasion and aside from that
which they may do for other contributors
will dress a few dolls in a manner not
only a pattern for dolldom but for the
grown-up and living world. The show
will be under the supervision of Mrs.
Chauncey Wlnslow, Mrs. Daniel Murphy
and "Miss Jennie Blair. These ladies are
doing all they can to insure its triumph
as an exhibition and as an aid to the
organization which has done so much
good work for charity. Mrs. Murphy has
donated an elaborate mechanical toy,
which, despite the recent outbreak of a
Supervisor against gambling, is to be raf
fled off just as if there were no police.
So quietly do the Doctors' Daughters
pursue their work that it is only on spe-
Clal occasions attention is called to the
existence of the organization except
through the work itself. Miss Susie Me- ,
Ewan is president, Mrs. C. R. Winslow ■
vice president. Miss Alice Owen second
vice president, Mrs. W. D. Fennimore v •
cording secretary, Mrs. A. T. Stubbs
treasurer and Mrs. Lewis Long corre- :
sponding secretary. As a rule these la- j
dies are content to pursue the work of
relieving distress. Just now they are plan
ning this doll show. It is part of the
same work, and they invite the public
to participate.
ONLY TWENTY AND
TIRED OF LIFE
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE OF AN
OAKLAND WOMAN.
Wrote a Letter of Apology for Using
Her Room, as a Death
Chamber.
OAKLAND, Nov. 19.— Grace Annette
Olney, who appears to be about 20 years
of age, was found in a room in the Weber
House to-night nearly dead from mor
phine poisoning. Letters found on the
table leave no doubt as to the girl's de
sire to die. Miss Olney went to the Weber
House last night and engaged a room.
She was alone, and was not seen by any
one after entering the house. About 11
o'clock to-night the landlady heard groans
coming from the girl's room, and on forc
ing an entrance Miss Oiney was found on
the bed partly undressed an.d unconscious.
The girl was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, but little hope is entertained of her
recovery. On the table in the room was
the following letter:
To the Proprietor of the Weber House — Pleas*
excuse me for using your room for such a
dreadful purpose. I am Just simply tl/ed of
living and have not any bright hopes in the fu
ture, so I will die.
GRACE ANNETTE OLNEY,
1401 East Tenth street, Oakland.
There was another sealed envelope to
Mrs. J. N. King. 1419 East Tenth street,
on which was written: "To be opened by
no one but the person named." There was
also a sealed letter directed to the Coro
ner.
It's enough to discourage the fool-killer
when he looks around and sees how far
behind he Is with bis work.
DURIE HAS AN
EVEN CHANCE
FOR RECOVERY
Dr. Weil Reports Her
Condition Improved.
IS AT THE GERMAN HOSPITAL
ATTEMPT WILIi SOON BE MADE
TO LOCATE THE BULLET.
The Wounded Girl Does Not Want to
Die— H«r Mother Is Still
Suffering Very
Acutely.
Durie Heithier is now in a private ward
at the German Hospital. Her condition
j is so far improved that Dr. Weil, who now
I has charge of the case, is very hopeful,
j although the danger point has by no
j means been passed. Before removing the
unfortunate girl yesterday a careful ex
amination of her self-inflicted wound was
made, her temperature taken and her
mental condition considered. As soon as
the doctor decided that moving would
not cause a relapse Mrs. Heithier went
out to the German Hospital and made the
■ necessary arrangements. She secured a
large, sunny double room, and will remain
in the hospital to nurse her child back to
i health or until the brown eyes are forever
closed in death. Both mother and child
are now in better mental condition than
at any time since the girl's attempt to end
the life which had been ruined by young
George Alexander.
Mrs. Heithier is still under a heavy ten-
I sion, and the doctors who are attending
1 Durie have frequently given her soothing
; draughts to prevent collapse. Durie no
longer expresses a desire to die. She no
longer suffers the terrible pain which tor
tured her, and unless pneumonia or blood
poisoning follows she has more than an
even chance to recover.
Another favorable symptom is that her
temperature has not gone above 100 at
any time and her respiration is easy and
almost normal. Dr. Weil will make an at
' tempt to locate the bullet as soon as the
patient's life will not be endangered by
the examination. If other means fail the
cathode ray will be brought into use.
Durie now has little to say about the
' author of her trouble and Is thoroughly
contented when her mother is with her.
No one except the mother and aunt is
allowed to visit Durie and the absolute
quiet necesssary to bring her back to
health is now assured by the German
Hospital management.
The unfortunate girl is certain to re
ceive every advantage science and good
care can provide for her. Yesterday
Mayor Phefan called at the Receiving
j Hospital and waited to see Airs. Heithier.
I Wiien the mother returned the Mayor
! called her aside and sympathized with her
! and gave her $25 to\^s»rd paying the ex
penses necessary to keep Durie at the
hospital. The Mayor also urged the
mother to come to him for whatever she
I her suffering daughter might need,
he entry on the register at the Gem
n Hospital settles the doubts as to
girl's first name. The mother told
steward her child's name was Duiie,
Dewey. and it was so entered on the
ords. The night the girl shot herself
The Call received a dispatch from Sonora
which gave the girl's name as Durie, and
not Dewey. Alexander also wrote her
name Durie in some of his letters.
BROODING OVER HIS
CRIME BROUGHT DEATH
MERLIN FLORA DIES AT THE
COUNTY JAIL.
He Had Stabbed an Infirmary Nurse
and Worried Until Stricken
With Apoplexy.
OAKLAND, Nov. 19.— Merlin R. Flora,
charged with having attempted to mur
der George Cook, a nurse at the County
Infirmary on October 11 last, died at the
County jail this morning. Flora, who is
over 80 years of age, experienced a stroke
of apoplexy last Thursday night. He re
mained unconscious until his death,
about 7 o'clock this morning.
Dr. W. S. Porter, who- attended the
prisoner, gives It as his opinion that
apoplexy was the direct result of Flora's
brooding over the charge on which he
was awaiting a preliminary hearing.
Flora had been an inmate of the in
firmary for nearly two years and had
caused considerable trouble at that in
stitution. He was discharged as able to
earn a living, but returned. When for the
second time his luggage was being pack
ed by Nurse Cook he took a huge case
knife and stabbed the nurse. Cook has
not fully recovered.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Leather Goods
To impress you with this department of our
store, we commence on Monday morning at
eight o'clock a sale of combination books at about
one-half prices
regularly asked. The leather in these books
is genuine. They make most suitable Christ-
mas gifts.
A combination book has one side for a purse
and the other for a card case.
Gehuine black seal or mor- Genuine black seal or alli-
occo leather, assorted colors; gator skin, both with ster-
worth $1. ling silver corners, worth
r s\ worth $1.50, now
50c**. $1 each .
Genuine black seal or alii- Genuine morocco leather
gator skin, assorted colors; with sterling silver corners,
11.25 now worth $2.50, now
75C each. $/,st/each.
The above prices are for this week only.
We call your special attention to the display of these goods In
our windows.
Skirts «nd Waists
We are showing for this season, skirts and waists in a
variety that exceeds all previous seasons and at very-
moderate prices, considering the style and quality.
An inspection of our windows will show you that the
styles are correct and the prices low and a purchase
assures fit.
125 to 131 Kearny St.
AD VEBTISEMX.VI &
LINEN DEPARTMENT!
This week we will offer extraordinary values
in TABLE DAMASKS, TABLE NAPKINS, TABLE
CLOTHS and TOWELS, and ask special attention
to the following lines, all of which are from the
best manufacturers.
62-inch GERMAN WASHED TABLE DAMASK, good variety of
designs : 73° Yard
BLEACHED GERMAN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS. 2 yards wide
and 3 yards long -S2msO Each
BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, 2 yards wide
and 3 yards long, beautiful patterns. 4. 50 Each
DAMASK DINNER NAPKINS, 22* inches square, new designs
. 52.00 Dozen
BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, 25 inches square, 8
different designs . . 9*2. 50 Dozen
GERMAN SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, extra heavy, 26 Inches
square, 15 handsome designs . >$>3.00 Dozen
FULL-SIZE LINEN HUCK TOWELS, both hemmed and fringed
&2.00 Dozen
EXTRA SIZE LINEN HUCK TOWELS, hemmed, Irish manu-
facture 53.00 Dozen
25 LINEN DAMASK TABLE SETS, cloth 84x124, napkins
34x3-4 &G.OO Set
HI, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
PEERS THROUGH BARS
AT HIS YOUNG WIFE
TBOOPER HOFFEB. BRAVES A
PBISON TOB LOVE.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broad-way, Nov. 19.
Trooper Hoffer of the Presidio broke
military rules yesterday afternoon, but
by so doing he won a bride. He came
from San Francisco to this city, accom
panied by Miss Claire L. Dunnicliff. They
went to the County Clerk's office and pro
cured a license to wed. It was agreed
between them that the marriage should
take place last night, regardless of all
obstacles. The soldier secured permission
to leave the Presidio for a few hours and
acknowledged that he knew that to get
married without the permission of his
commanding officer was a violation of the
articles of war.
Hoffer reported to his commanding om
cer to-day and confessed his transgres
sion. Before leaving Oakland he said:
"There is only one thing I can expect,
that is jail for a few months and the loss
of pay. However, I have won my wife and
that is what I was after. I guess she can
wait patiently until they let me out of the
guardhouse." Mrs. Hoffer is a charming
young lady just 18 years of age.
I HUNDREDS OF USEFUL. PRETTY
XMAS PRESENTS. *
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
SEND FOR BOOKLET. FREE. r
To-Morrow, Tuesday and Wednesday,
6-Pt. EXTENSION TABLES $2.50.
If we were to offer you one dollar for
every seventy-five cents presented to us,
you would certainly take advantage of
the proposition. Well, that's -ily an-
i other way of declaring to you what you
gain by buying your furniture of us.
J. NOON AN
I Complete House-Furnisher,
1017 to 1023 MISSION ST.
I Above Sixth. '
Phone South 14. Open Evenings.
•
HO FOR THE
CAROLINE ISLANDS,
THE HANDSOME Al IRON BARKENTINH
RUTH
WILL SAIL ABOUT DECEMBER IST TOR
Kuslac. Ponape and Ruk. Caroline Islands,
where our trading stations are. These Islands
are situated about half way between Hawaii
and the Philippines, and constitute part of what
must soon become American colonies. This
vessel will be fitted with first-class accommo-
dations for a limited number of passengers,
and every opportunity will be given for a study
of these beautiful and fruitful islands, of who»«
wealth of resources so little is known. For
round trip, voyage about five months. $330. '
ro 1. F. CUNNINGHAM CO.,
Owners. 14 Clay street, San Francisco.
A MOST INTERESTING
COLLECTION of HOLl-
day gifts on SALE.
Opticians kop^ k gency
642 Market St.
chronicle BUILDING
WE- EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
:■' •' .' -) — ; :—: —
■D"iSTTQYJI7O FOR BARBERS. BAR.
Oil U Oil HO em, bootblacks, bath-
/*"*-■*''*"■■'"** houses, billiard table*.
1 brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, . nnerv
dyers, flourxntlls. foundries, laundries, paper*
bangers. : printers. : painters, shoe factorial.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. . »te.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KKAItNT AND WASHINGTON fcSTS.— RB.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD %
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to |1 &0 day,
|6 to $8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hoj
, and cold water «v try room; fir* grates la «tn]
' room; tlcvator rune «ii uigaW . m LaPHBSSENDING THE CHRISTMAS BOX TO MANILA
-~ MAX tearing round the corner
M of Annie street out of. Mission
brought himself up sharply or
01 his two heels to avoid running
I down a little eld woman plod
▼ ding in the opposite direction.
"Beg pardon!" he said, mechanically
lifting his hat and swerving to the
right for a fresh start. "What's that?
€45 Mission? Acrors the street!"
He plunged on <rain up Annie street.
Then, for some reason or another, he
looked back over his shoulder. The lit
tle old woman stood there where he
had left her. .There was not very much
of her and that little had seen long,
hard years— seventy at the very least—
and was worn and wrinkled and faded
and feeble and gray. She wore a Pais
ley shawl, which .ay have been a de
cent garment in its day and hers —
and the wanton wind made fine sport
of tugging at it and
the shabhy black
skirts under it and
the shabby black
bonnet over it, and
of blowing her
gray hair about
and casting Mis
sion street dust in
to her eyes. She
put one hand out
from under the
Paisley and rubbed
first one and then
the other of them.
Then she started
across Annie street.
"Here!" The
man came back
two or three steps.
"The other way."
i She" turned obe
diently and hesi
tated.
Two drays were
lumbering up Mis
sion street. Wells-
Fargo's wagons
were crowding to
the curb in front of
645. The electric car was at the cor
ner.
"Here 1 ." said the man. coming all
thf> way ba«k. "I'll take you across."
Bmiled a faded smile for him
and he hooked his hand into a little old
arm that he found under the Paisley
ehawl and piloted her over and pointed
out 645. Then he tipped his hat to her
and dashed ff again without waiting for
her thanks, for h ■ was. as I have al
ready indicated, in a terrible hurry.
And here's my love to him, whoever he
was. and a merry Christmas and lots
of them and somebody to care for him
•when he comes to seventy year!
"Take it inside." said the man at the
door. "Give it to the clerk!" And
"Give it to the clerk inside." And
"That's right! In here." And "i 1
for Manila? Here you aiv! "
And all this over and over and over
again as fast as the man at the door
could speak. Fit the stream flowed up
Mission and down Mission and in at
the doors of 645 all day long, from eight
in the morning until five at night, bear
ing on its breast the parcels that were
going to Manila.
Against the walls of the warehouse
•were stacked the condemned Roods left
behind by the boys who marched away—
Camp supplies and army clothes wait
ing to be sold at the Quartermaster's
orders. In front of them, piled nearly
as high, were the Christmas boxes
thousands and thousands of them, of
THE CALL Sunday Edition
every shape and size and sort, with a
story for every one plainly enough
written on the shape and surface of
them for all the world to read. There
were big, stout, secure packing
cases, packed by the tradesman's skill
ful hand and sent to 645 Mission street
by express. There were the smaller
sisters, cousins and aunts of the same
prosperous family, packed with the
same impersonal care and with the
same sort of Christmas cheer— the only
difference being a little less of it.
There were the humbler boxes, big and
small, bi ug'hi or begged from the gro
cery store, labeled "Soap," "Sapolio,"
"Borax" or ".Macaroni" on one end and
addressed to a soldier at Manila on the
packed at home with things
other than soap, sapolio and macaroni,
although there may have been a little
of all these, too, inside. There were
other boxes made as well as packed at
home, of odd pieces of wood, sawed and
nailed into crazy squares with ragged
edfres and deep dents in the wood all
around each nail so you could count
many times the hammer did not
hit it on the heatf. There were boxes of
cardboard, thin and thick, hatboxes.
<ollar-boxes, stocking-boxes, any sort,
all sorts of boxes. There were paper
bundles of odd proportions tied with
string that w^.s sometimes stout and
sometimes frail, or tied with ribbon or
tied with tape, and sometimes even
pinned with silly little pins. And all
addressed with more or less of care to
the man who will see his Christmas
morning in Manila, and here and there
to one, perhaps, for -whom Christmas
morning will not dawn again.
"We haven't heard,'" said a woman
standing near me. "It takes so long
to hear. Father said I was foolish to
send the pudding, because he wouldn't
be allowed to eat it, but I've made a
little plum pudding for him every
Christmas since he was born and I
wasn't going- to let one go by."
She took out her handkerchief and
wiped her eyes.
"That's right," said the woman with
her sympathetically, "'I would, too."
"My sister's lost her boy with the
fever," the first one went on. "That
makes me worry so much more. She
heard by the last ship. She'd got a box
ready to send down to him. She gave
it to me to bring to-day to send on
there anyhow."
, She held out a square paper box tied
up in white wrapping paper with
bright Ted string. The other woman
read the address over her shoulder:
"For a Soldier. Merry Christmas."
"Wasn't she good?" she said, taking
out her handkerchief, too. "I couldn't
have done that."
• *, *
There was a disturbance over by the
clerk's desk. A woman stood there
with her arms around a box, fighting for
possession with a brace of two-year
olds. The box was boldly labeled:
"The T\vins to Papa."
But at the crucial moment of part
ing the twins had thought better of
this idea.
"Let go!" said the woman fiercely.
"Let go!"
"Here," said the clerk, "give it
over!"
"Can't you hold 'c— back?" said the
woman to a man standing behind her.
"I guess so," he said, doubtfully,
looking at the twins.
"You hold 'em back, and you," said
the woman to the clerk, "pull on it and
we'll get it away from 'em."
This maneuver -"as highly successful,
By ALICE RIX
and the howls of the twins were
heard diminuendo down Mission street.
A brougham rolled smoothly up to the
door of 645. The drays were just lum
bering off and the express wagons
backed up a little out of the way. The
footman got himself down off the box
and around to the door, and stood there
stiffly with two fingers to his hat. A
woman's gloved hand put a small par
cel out to him through the open win
dow. The man came gingerly through
the crowd, skirted it with skill and
bobbed up on the other side at the head
of the line.
"His there a separate delivery for
hofficers' parcels?" he asked the clerk.
The clerk shook his head without
looking up.
" 'Ere!" said the footman. "This is
for a hofficer."
"All right," said the clerk, putting
out his hand. "It's all the same."
"Beg pardon," replied the footman,
stiffly drawing the parcel back. "My
horders was this was to go separate."
"Take it somdwhere else, then," said
the clerk shortly.
The footman took it back to the
brougham. The woman inside put out
a sweet young head topped with violet
velvet and followed it with a sweet
young shape in gracious cloth and furs.
She came across the pavement picking
up her skirts about her slim little feet,
and the humble crowd around the door
made way for her as the express
wagons had made way for her
brougham. She took a twenty dollar
piece from the gold net purse swinging
from a Jeweled chain among her furs
and held it out toward the clerk with
the little box not five inches sauare— a
jeweler's box beyond a doubt — in the
other hand.
"This is for General Dash," she said,
"and I prefer not to have it go out
with all the rest." She indicated the
rest piled about her with a little wave
of her hand.
The clerk shook his head.
"I shall pay for it, of course," she
said, looking delicately disturbed, "and
I would like to have it registered."
"We are not doing anything of that
kind," said the clerk, smiling. "We
will have to take it right along with
the others if we take it at all. There's
nothing to pay on any of them."
"But I would rather pay," she said,
raising her chin a little out of her
furs. "I should prefer it, if you please!"
"We put all the little packages to
gether in a large case — those we think
may be valuable," said the clerk. "But
we do not accept any money for send
ing anything. That isn't the idea, you
know."
"Isn't it?" she said. "I should think
It would be much better to pay for
them and — "
"Over by the window they are taking
charge .of the little parcels," inter
rupted the clerk civilly. "The gentle
man writing there at the dry goods
box will tell you."
She shut her lips firmly and moved
away. The crowd looked after her
curiously as she went over to the gen
tleman writing at the dry goods box
by the window. It even cocked an ear
to hear what she would say.
And she said: "This is for General
Dash, and I prefer to pay to have it
sent separately."
The man at the door was tired of
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
talking. He contented himself, now,
vith jerking his thumb over his shoul
der. A woman in trim short skirts,
carrying a round traveling cake tin
plainly labeled in black, "Sergeant
Duffeldorfer, etc., etc.," stepped up to
him. He jerked his thumb again.
"Nein!" she said. "I vant to know
somedings. Yen dose dings dey got
to Badilla?"
"When the St. Paul gets there," an
swered the man at the door.
"Veil! Und den vot?"
"Then they're distributed."
"Yah. Und den vot?"
"Why!" said the man at the door.
"I don't know."
"You dond know?" repeated the
•woman. "Veil I vants to know yen
dose dings dey got to Badilla? 1 *
The man at the door shrugged his
shoulders. "I told you once," he said.
"Yah! Und den vot?"
"See here!" said the man at the door.
"We send these things down to Manila
and that's all we've got to do with it."
"Yah!" said the woman with the cake
tin. "Und den vot?"
"Then," said the man at the door,
"ihey'll be given out down there. That's
all I know."
"Und .yen vas dot?"
"When? How do I know? As soon
as they can unload, I suppose."
"Yah?" said the woman with the
cake tin. "I dond send it mit you."
' "All right," said the man at the door,
"why not?"
"Veil!" said the woman with the cake
tin, "It dond keep."
"You can't get it there any quicker,"
said the man at the door.
"Veil." saJd the woman with the
cake tin, walking off. "Veil — may be."
The clerk by the window, who had
charge of all the little packages that
might be valuable, picked up a small
book from the floor at his feet.
"Do they take papers?" asked an old
man in an army coat.
"Take anything," said a man running
by with a truck.
"Where can I leave this?' asked the
old man, looking around. But the
man with the truck
was gone.
"I'll take them up
for you," said a
fresh - faced girl,
stretching out her
hand.
"Thank you," he
said, putting the pa
pers into it. "They're
not much to send
but I wanted to
send something and
wouldn't like to
have them over
looked "
The girl flushed a
little. "I'm sending
papers, too," she
said.
The old man
looked at her with
gentle eyes.
"It's the thought that counts, my
dear," he said softly.
"Yes," said the girl, smiling- up at
him, "I know."
» • •
The man at the door drew a long
breath. "It's about time," he said.
"Phew!"
Another depot for parcels going to
Manila had been opened over on Jes
sie street. 645 Mission had as many as
could be handled there. The man at
the door had a new occupation — it was
directing people over there.
"Here!" he said to a little sharp
woman stepping past him with a neat,
tight, trim, square little package in her
hand — "Here! You can't leave that
here!"
The little sharp woman stopped long
enough to fix him with a bright, black
glance like a bird's. Then she stepped
off again.
"I'd like to know why I can't," she
said over her shoulder.
"Because we can't take any more
parcels here to-day."
"Ain't this 645 Mission street?" asked
the little sharp woman, wheeling
around on him.
"Yes, madam, but — "
"Ain't this the place that was ad
vertised in the papers to bring parcels
to?"
"Yes, but—"
"Didn't it say in the papers any time
between nine and five?"
"Yes, only — "
"It ain't live yet, is It?"
"We can't take any more to-day,"
said the man at the door, talking
against time, "because we're full — "
"Then mine can't go?" asked the
sharp little woman, clutching her
parcel to her breast. "Then it can't go
at all?" •
"And so they've opened another
depot over on Jessie street, just above
Annie — "
"Oh!" said the sharp little woman.
"Why didn't you say so?"
"Look here," he said, "ain't that too
bad? That's dropped out of some
body's bundle."
It was a little Book of Common
Prayer. Written on the fly leaf was:
"Bobby. !• Rom Mama."
And written under this in very, very
small letters was:
"Don't Forget, Dear."
"I'm going to wrap that up myself,"
said the clerk, "and address it. 'Bobby,'
and send it along with the valuables.
Maybe he'll get it and if he don't may
be some other Bobby that's promised
his mother something will get it for
a reminder."
"Have many things dropped out?" I
asked.
"Oh, Lord!" said the clerk. . "Look
here."
He pointed to a corner of the big
window case, where a stack of bundles
bulged from ragged wrappings in a
maze of untied strings.
"See the jam oozing out of that one?"
he said. "The cover was just stuck on
easy, as if it was going up on a pantry
shelf. You wouldn't believe folks would
have so' little sense. And the cake
that's come here just done up in paper
and tied with a dinky little string! The
rats wouldn't do a thing to cake done
up that way before it got to Manila,
would they? And you can't help feel
ing sorry for some of 'em. He paused
thoughtfully — "There was an old lady
in here yesterday. She had a cake tied
up in a silk handkerchief — no wrap
pings, no directions, nothing. I says to
her. 'You can't send that cake that
way. you know.' And she says: 'I
know. I thought somebody going down
would take it for me.' 'Well,' I says,
'you'd better get a box and address It
yourself; it'll be safer. If it's a good
cake it might get eaten, you know.'
She laughed and she says: 'I gueas it's
a good cake. I put ten cents' worth of
raisins and spice in it and five cents'
worth of port wine. I wasn't sure about
the wine,' she says, 'because I wouldn't
want my boy to get a taste for it. His
father he died of drink.' she says. 'But
Jim, he never touched it and he's an
awful good son. He was all I had and
he took good care of me. He earned
three dollars a week and he brought it
to me every cent and he's been
sending me most of his pa^-.' She began
to cry a little. Then she says, *'d like
to show you the cake.' And I was
so rushed I was crazy but I
couldn't refuse her, and she untied the
handkerchief. '1 thought Jim could use
this for his throat,' she says. 'It isn't
new, but it's silk.' The cake was about
as big as a coffee saucer. It had some
letters on it in white frosting — 'For Sol
dier Jim, From His Mother.' 'The young
man at the grocery traced it for me
with a match.' she says, 'because I
can't write. He said I followed him
fine.' I says, 'You bet you did!' and
she looked as pleased as anything.
Poor old lady! So I told her I'd tend to
wrapping it up for her and she gave
me the name — Jim something or other —
and she says, 'I'd like you to put it
Soldier Jim, please.' "
"And did you?"
"Here it is!" said the clerk.
And there it was as plain as print
could make it— "Soldier Jim — something
or other — " with his company letter and
his regiment number, and "From
Mother" down in the corner.
"The fool directions that are on some
of 'em," said the clerk, surveying his
lettering with pride, "would surprise
you. Some folks have got lots of faith
In Providence. Here's a great box here,
though! Look at this! How's that for
patriotism and Merry Christmas? See
the red, white and blue checks painted
on It and the Christmas tree? And
here's the feller's name all spelt out
with brass tacks. Some of 'em have
taken lots of pains to give those boys
a little pleasure on Christmas. Well 1 .
They'd oughter."
"I don't know about that," said
a man standing near the dry goods
box desk. '"It'll make them soft. I
served through the real war myself,
and we didn't get much of this kind
of thing, and the privation's what did
us good and made men of us."
"Well," said the clerk slowly, "maybe.
Only I've got a boy down there and I
can't feel that way about it. Fool kid
went off without saying anything, and
ain't twenty."
"Has he got a box going down?' I
asked.
i'Well I guess yes." said his father.
" 'Merry Christmas to the boys at Ma
nila,' " read the man who had served in
the "real war" from one of the boxes.
"Huh! "Good Luck.' 'From Home.'
'From the Folks.' Humph!"
"If you want a little reading matter
of that kind." said the man at the dry
goods box. "I'll find you a peach. Here!
This was brought in yesterday by three
of the toughest Indians I ever saw. One
of them came up to me and he saya,
'Say!' he says, 'We want yer ter give
it to us straight. Who gets de stuff
dat goes to Manila?' 'Whoever it's ad
dressed to,' says I. 'Dats straight, is
it?' 'Yes,' I says, 'sure.' 'All right.'
says he, ' 'cause dis is booze, and we
ain't taking no risks on it. If it ain't
goin' to get to de guy we means it for,
why de gang's got use for it here.'
'It'll get to him all right if it's ad
dressed to him all right,' says I and I
looked it over to see. There's the ad
dress!"
There it was, painted on in fine, fierce
black letters and under it:
"Cheer up! There ain't no Hell."18
THANKSGIVING FOR OUR NEW COLONIES
UNCLE SAM'S
First Thanksgiving
IN
HIS NEW COLONIES.
On November 2lf the stars and stripes,
for the first time in history, will be waving
over possessions reaching half way around
the globe, and under the flag the outposts
of our conquering soldiers will initiate our
new dusky colonists into eating canned
turkey and canned mince pie in tlie an
nual grand national jubilee.
v
LAST year about 65,000,000 people
celebrated Thanksgiving day
under the Stars and Stripes.
This year nearly 80,000,000 will
take part in our great annual
feast of turkey and pie and give thanks
for blessings bestowed upon them dur
ing the past twelve months.
Needless to say the large number of
additional celebrators have come over
to our side from Cuba, Porto Rico. Ha
waii the Ladrones and the Philippines.
And they are glad to come and take
part in our feast, for they seem to
realize just how much they have to be
thankful for by being freed from
the heavy yoke of Spain.
Last year nearly all of our 65.000,000
population celebrated Thanksgiving
day within the boundaries of the United
States. This year nearly 100,000 of the
same people will observe the day in our
new possessions, far from their old
homes, but safe and happy under the
flag of Uncle Sam.
It is these soldier boys who will in
troduce our new colonists to the joys
and nightmares of Thanksgiving day.
Of course you know that a Thanksgiv
ing day that is not followed by a night
mare is not a success. If you don't be
lieve it ask any small boy who did not
get enough turkey and mince pie to
bring about the desired result. Verily
he will tell you that the day was a dead
failure.
However, there is little danger of our
soldier boys not being able to have the
nightmare if they wish, judging by the
amount of canned good things that
have been sent over the seas in inter
esting looking boxes during the last
few weeks. There has been enough and
to spare and it is safe to say our new
citizens of tropic isles will get these
and then declare that Thanksgiving
day is the greatest of all the feast days,
even if it is not down in the Saints'
almanac.
Many things will be lacking in these
feasts in the far away land 3 that were
a regular part of the day's celebration
last year. There is hardly likely to be
a browned and steaming turkey served
whole in either Cuba or the Pnilippines.
But there will be plenty v of canned tur
key and the mince pie and plum pud
dings are not likely to lose flavor on
account of being a few weeks old and
packed in hermetically sealed tins. All
the good things that can be packed in
cans, jars or bottles will be on hand in
plenty. Cider may be lacking and pos
sibly some of the favorite beverages of
the islands made to take its place.
Soup of all kinds will come in tins, and
even oysters will be served in all sorts
of styles fresh from the latest patent
packages.
It is going to be a great day over
most of the habitable globe and it is to
be hoped that all the good things that
have been sent will reach our boys far
away from home In good season for the
feast. If not there is no denying but
what our boys will observe the day as
near as they can with all sorts of make
shifts. Chickens are plentiful in Ma
nila and they don't make such a bad
substitute for turkeys when far from
the land where the turkey grows in all
his glory.
The observance of Thanksgiving day
in our new colonies is sure to make the
natives open their eyes very, very wide;
but not as wide is it will make them
open their mouths when they see the
canned Thanksgiving feast gotten up
by our patriotic soldiers under stress
of circu-nstances.
BIG PUMPKIN PIE
for
SAN FRANCISCO.
Peter, Peter, pumpkin eater.
Had a wife and couldn't keep her.
Put her in a pumpkin shell
And there he kept her very well.
AFTER the Thanksgiving dinner
there will be enough pumpkin
shells for all the World and his
wife. Fur on that day, by a
conservative estimate, 70,000
pies will be consumed in San Francisco
alone. Fully three-fourths of those
pies will be made of pumpkin or
squash. Although mince pies are just
as typical of the Thanksgiving they
are more expensive and families of
modest means confine themselves to the
pumpkin pies.
Seventy thousand pies for the city of
San Francisco "only allows one-rifth of
a pie to each person. Considering the
pie capacity of the average youth this
appears ludicrously small. And those
who on other days eschew pies, on
Thanksgiving satisfy their craving for
pie, although they are confident of
reaping an aftermath of doctors' bills.
There are always public dinners for
those who cannot afford luxuries in
their own homes. But many do not
avail themselves of this privilege, so
all things considered, a fifth of a pie
for each person is a fair average.
The pumpkin crop is a large one and
especially good. The conservative esti
mate for this State places the output
at 1,300,000 pounds. This promises a
deluge of delicious pumpkin pies that
ought to equal those like "mother used
to make" in New England.
For the great pie belt runs through
the heart of New England, and. like
the Thanksgiving holiday itself, is
thoroughly 'New England."
Typical pies are composed of three
ingredients. They are either made of
pumpkin, mince meat or apples. The
reason for this is evident. In those
days there waa nothing besides apples
and squash that could be converted
into pies. The apples were either used
alone or for mince meat.
When the Governor after the first
awful winter that the colonies en
dured established a day of thanksgiv
ing it was natural that it shoruld fall on
Thursday, and that pie should be the
piece de resistance of the dinner.
The choice of days fell upon Thurs
day, because it was necessary to have
the unwonted excitement in the middle
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
of the week. Monday's washing and
Tuesday's ironing were disposed of and
there were twp days left to compose
the spirits for /the Puritanical Sabbath.
The first Thanksgiving days were
rather joyless, affairs. There was al
ways the bountiful repast, and rela
tives far and near gathered at the one
festive board, but there were also the
ready firearms for the lurking Indian.
nAs each year passed the day of
Thanksgiving was celebrated with
more joy and merriment. The menu
for the Thanksgiving dinner remained
as long, but the prayers grew shorter.
There was the same preparation for
weeks beforehand, and the gathering of
all the scattered members of the fam
ily, but games and amusements crept
into the programme for the day.
The custom did not travel South.
There Christmas was the holiday of the
year. Thanksgiving was never ob
served. But wherever New England
people settled in the West the day was
observed.
Thanksgiving was not made a na
tional holiday until Lincoln's adminis
tration. Even then it was not until
some time after the war that the
Southern people took any note of
Thanksgiving.
The only feature of the day that has
remained the same throughout the
years is the Thanksgiving dinner. T2\e
turkey and pies enjoy their time-hon
ored places. The observance of the day
is now general. But the manner of ob
serving it varies. Football has at
tained the place of honor on the pro
gramme, wherever there is brawn and
muscle enough to form football teams.
In San Francisco, where the two uni
versity teams meet annually on
Thanksgiving day, the interest in the
outcome f-ven overshadows the house
wife's concern in the" flaky piecrust.
In a measure, too, the outcome af
fects the consumption of pies. If the
team that has the largest following is
defeated, it naturally affects the appe
tite and the consumption of pie is de
creased. The same rule holds good vice
versa.
The similarity in the shape of the
pumpkin and a football, by the law of
eternal harmonics, may have brought
about the inevitable game of football
on Thanksgiving day. This, of course,
is but a theory. Historians have en
tirely overlooked this important point.
To really follow the lines laid down
the Puritanical ancestors' pie should
be eaten at all three meals on Thanks
giving day. In the great pie belt, pie
for breakfast is an ordinary occur
rence, but outside of the region of
perpetual pies there are those who find
it difficult to eat pie for breakfast. In
California they manage to do their
share in the demolition of 70,000 pies
at the other two meals.
The 70,000 pies are not oonsumed by
the New Englanders and their de
scendants. Whatever the birthplace,
every one falls a pie-eating on Thanks
giving day. Palates accustomed to the
entrees of France, the macaroni of
Italy and the tamales of Mexico lend
themselves on this day to the seductive
charm of the pie. This is a cosmo
politan city, but on Thanksgiving day
the old-fashioned New England pie
puts all oth<?r dishes to blush in point
of popularity.
Seventy thousand pies consumed in
one day in San Francisco is probably
as big a showing as any city of its
size outside of the great pie belt can
produce.
Cranberries
for
THANKSGIVING.
WHEN the cranberries are ripe
on Cape Cod few are the fam
ilies that do not join in the
picking. On a sparkling
morning in October the vil
lage street in old Weymouth was lit
erally alive with wagons of every de
scription, all going to the bogs.
No one would have suspected a crowd
of workers in that well-dressed com
pany, the girls in fresh calico skirts of
fashionable cut. They wore big hay
makers' hats, trimmed profusely with
colored cambric in cockades and frills.
Other women pickers wore sunbonnets
and shakers; indeed, there were head
coverings of all kinds.
The hands of the pickers naturally
gave them much concern, for the week's
work, or even the day's, would be very
severe on unhardened fingers. Both
men and women wore some kind of big.
loose gloves shorn of fingers, their nails
being covered with hardened beeswax.
Soon we left the village and were
winding over an unfenced piny waste,
which .seemed never to have been culti
vated. At intervals we came to big
dark stretches of matted shrubs, en
circled by horizons of pines. These
were bogs in their natural wild state
Once lakes, they have become filled up
to a great depth with peculiar water
loving vegetation— generations of plants
growing above each other. fseless as
they appear, they are valuable in two
ways; they are the home of the wild
cranberry and often indicate the vicin
ity of bog Iron ore. The cranberry bog
is subjected, however, to quite an ex
pensive culture and not less than three
years of preparation. The vines must
feel the cold water which seeps through
the bogs, yet they need protection from
frost in June and from extreme wintry
cold. This protection is secured by
flooding, and a system of irrigation is
needed. The owner of a bog must own
Quite an extensive water right in neigh
boring ponds. The bog is also crossed
at regular intervals by narrow ditches
which are used for the distribution of
the water. In winter a sheet of ice
covers it, and in June, if a frost is im
pending, a sheet of water seems to pro
tect the cranberries against injury from
the cold.
We passed many of the sparkling
blue ponds which are such a lovely
feature of the region, and soon the
Crowfish bog came in sight, already
dotted with pickers In groups of twenty
or thirty. Our wagon was driven under
some trees and soon emptied. And then
the knights of the kettle hurried to the
tally station, where they recorded their
names upon a wide sheet of paste
board, and where a Weymouth girl
credits them by a stroke of the pencil
for every measure they pick. Next the
field marshal distributes to each a big
shining tin measure holding eight
quarts. Thus armed, off they start at
a run down a narrow path, which
shakes under the foot, and are quickly
down on their knees upon the thick
green-and-red carpet. There is no vis
ible soil; the bog springs like a hair
mattress, spread as are the vines upon
the top of the older growths — but they
are slender bushes, not vines, wiry and
set thick with minute stiff leftves and
loaded with berries, clean, bright, hard,
and of every exquisite tint of red and
yellow.
The law of the field Is to leave none
behind the picker. The "bosses," ex
perienced pickers, direct the crowd and
see that there is no neglect, cheating
nor confusion.
"You can't step over that string,"
said one of the juniors to me.
"Can't I? It's only two feet high."
"Yes; but you daren't, I mean. No
one can go over until all the berries are
picked clean on this side of it."
"Oh! that is the rule, then?"
When I was fairly dpwn on my knees,
shoulder to shoulder with some record
breaking picker I realized the awful
earnestness of it. The maw of my six
quart measure looked terribly big; but
in not many minutes the first of its
rings of division was covered. At last
it was full and I found myself picking
my row in solitude and aching from the
posture. Arrived at the tally to dis
charge my load — it scored me one and
that meant 10 cents— l remained there
to watch the rest, who were more bent
on pocketing dollars than I was. A
steady stream moved to and from the
tally. The men were usually thin and
brown, like men who have followed the
water; the girls were quite nice look
ing, occasionally pretty; the women
stout and sensible-looking. But all
seemed in grim earnest; no talking, no
shouting nor fun," only the stillness of
a company of racers. I had expected
a gayer spectacle; that the field would
be lightened up somewhat with laughter
and talk. But I might have known that
such genial and careless spirits have no
place in an American harvest field. It
may have been so in Arcadia.
From beneath the shade of her big
hat, mounted behind the fast-filling
boxes, the tally-keeper occasionally dis
pensed a word, almost a smile; and I
believe there was a good understanding
among the lads and lasses who often
managed to come up together.
Two big, blue hay-wagons slowly
skirted the bog all day, carrying the
berries to the screening and packing
house. Here a few of the more respon
sible were kept busy winnowing and
barreling. They were principally wo
men, with faces of the true New Eng
land rural type.
The crop was abundant. Fifty acres
wouM yield more than eight thousand
barrels. Deacon Crowfish, moving
about taking a hand here and there,
carried something like a smile on the
edges of his facial wrinkles. The day
had its brightest side when the noon
horn sounded and a score of little fam
ily picnics were spread under the trees.
Neighbors remembered solitary pickers
and their poor acquaintances; more
than one pailful of excellent coffee left
our camp. Stretched upon pine cush
ions I made a note of various facts
about cranberry culture, but none of
more significance than that this is a
really profitable agricultural industry
in the hands of small owners, and one
by no means overfull. — Ladies' Home
Journal.
AMERICA'S FIRST
THANKSGIVING
THE Pilgrim Fathers remembered
the old English Harvest festival
in their new home, and expressed
their thankfulness for thei*- first
harvest by a feast. Death had
been busy among the brave little com
pany and half their number had been
carried off by disease.
When health and the warm spring
days came, again, the little colony be
gan to dig and prepare for planting.
"Some English wheat they sowed, as
wheat and peas, but it came not to
good, either by the badness of the seed
or by the lateness of the season, or
both, or by some other defect." Squan
to, a friendly Indian, taught them how
to plant corn and to tend to it. Of their
harvest Governor Bradford tells us
that "they began now to gather in ye
small harvest they had, and to fit up
their houses and dwellings against
winter, being all well recovered in
health and strength, and had all things
in good plenty." They had "a good in
crease of Indian corn, indifferent good
barley, but the peas were not worth
the gathering."
So the Governor issued a proclama
tion appointing a Feast of Thanksgiv
ing. The largest kitchen in the colony
was that in Dame Brewster's house,
and was under the charge of Priscilla
Mullens, she vho later on became the
wife of John Alden, A messenger was
dispatched to invite Massasoit, saga
more of the Wampanoags, and ninety
of his warriors, to attend the celebra
tion.
On the appointed Thursday Massa
soit and his warriors arrived, and the
little settlement gave the Indians a
hearty welcome. Soon the drum called
them to religious service, then came a
period of feasting and recreation which
was to last for three days. Athletic
sports were indulged in, and the litttle
army of twenty men. under the leader
ship of Miles Standish, went through
its drill and manual of arms. Then fol
lowed the great feast, which was
-orved in the open air.
The real Thanksgiving dinner took
place on Saturday, the last day of the
celebration. The earth, the air and the
water had yielded of their bountiful
supplies to make this Thanksgiving
dinner and when the pioneers sat down
to the meal, they ?*»-- a table spread
with water fowl, wild turkey, venison,
corn and barley: with this cheer they
save thanks that "by the goodness of
CiOd they were far from want."
Old Elder Brewster was certainly in
spired when he made his now famous
prophecy on that November day, 1621,
and how well it has been fulfilled:
"Blessed will it bo for us, blessed for
this land, for this vast continent! nay,
from generation to generation will the
>lessing descend.WHY WE SHOULD BE THANKFUL THIS YEAR
THtODORE Roo^&V&LT.
Gen Nelson a a\ile6;...
Dr Hfr/MRy/^ fields. 1
In the midst of general rejoicing
which comes with peace after strife.
let us not fail to
measure the good
we art- enjoying
from other
. It has not
LYMAN J. GAGE..
Sec. of the Tredfeury.
been many months since industrial and
commercial depression was widespread,
and both at home and abroad grave
doubts existed as to our financial abil
ity, if not, in faci, as to our financial
integrity. All this was reflected by
grave unrest.
Now there is an era of good feeling.
The tide of hope for the future runs
high, and confidence is master of the
situation. A marvelous change has
been wrought. Since the days of trial
our harvests have twice surpassed all
former yi< Ids, and our surplus stores
of grain have gone to feed the people
of other 'ands less bountiful. The con
junction of unusually large harvests
with Increased foreign demand has
brought better prices, and those* who
work the soil have thus been raised to
a higher plane of living and happiness.
Excepting now and then some particu
lar industry is restricted by peculiar
conditions, not those of general appli
cation, there is everywhere activity
which can only be measured by com
parison with former prosperous years.
All the evidences point to the fact that
commerce, both domestic and foreign,
i 6 expanding rapidly.
The Treasury Department will report
this year that New York has became
the greatest shinping port of the world.
Is this not a wonderful achievement for
the republic v hich is but little over
a century old? London and Hamburg,
thrifty though they be, after centuries
of vast trade, must give way to this
new mart of the west. New York Is
but one of our great cities. In the
nearby years others, now giving indi
cation of a growing trade, will of neces
sity respond to the constantly increas
ing demands of commerce.
On our "Western shores there yet ra
mains to be developed a vast empire,
one which will participate in the rich
trade of the countries bordering on the
Pacific. For our present commercial
and industrial strength we have abun
dant reason to be thankful, yet more
so. indeed, for what the future holds in
store.
• • •
The o-ne thing: above all others for
which it seems to me the American peo-
pie should rejoice
this year is that
they "have inher
ited from their an
cestors the spirit
GENERAL MILES.
Com. U. S. Army.
of liberty, courage, self -sacrifice and
humanity.
Early in the present year we wakened
u;> to the fact that we had a duty to
perform. It was a duly to humanity.
It was a difficult task. Our inherited
sense of right and justice is so strong
that we could net forsake it. When it
became evident that we could only dis
charge this duty by war we did not
shrink from ihat. The- whole country
aroused itself. Practically all our re
sources were put at the command of
this duty. Men everywhere were will
ing to sacrifice their interests, their af
fections, even their lives, in order to
save the national honcr and to uphold
the national character.
In my position in the army I was
constantly in contact with men who
were willing in this way to sacrifice
everything to this sense of humanity
and justice. When we began the war
we found we had a difficult task. We
had to cross the ocean to find our
enemy; we had to do our work in an
atmosphere utterly foreign to our own
and in the worst season of that climate;
but no one faltered. On the contrary,
work could nut be done fast enough to
suit anybody. In an incredibly short
time our army and navy confronted the
enemy in both the islands and the
waters of the Atlantic and Pacific.
Therf* was no hesitation in striking,
and the gratifying results were accom
plished in the most direct a^id satis
factory manner and done so well that
at the end of the war it was found that
we had not lost a field and that not a
man had been captured.
These are remarkable facts, not to be
duplicated, I believe, in the history <>f
any other people. Nothing can explain
them but the blood that is in our veins—
the fact that we have inherited certain
qualities from our ancestors.
This is why I say that we ought this
year to be thankful as we have never
been before for the birthright our
fathers left us; thankful for the form
of government which they devised and
bequeathed to us. Nothing else could
ever have enabled us to undertake a
war of such magnitude as that of this
year in April and return in ample time
to enjoy our Thanksgiving festival in
our own homes.
• • •
From the point of view of the na
tion and of every patriotic American as
well it seems to
me that we should
be especially
thankful this year
far our success in
COL. ROOSEVELT
Rough Rider.
a righteous war and for the enlarged
opportunities which it has brought.
• * *
We should be thankful for our. bril
liant achievement in whipping the
■ ; Spaniards, for the
success of our at
tempt to advance
the cause of nu
manity and free-
HENRY CLEWS,
Banker.
dom and for the world- wide advantages
which are resulting to the nation there
from.
Another advantage which has come
to us with the recent war and which is
not to be gainsaid, is the fact thai the
pride of the American people is ex
alted with the knowledge that the same
£~i -iri t which inspired the men of "76 and
'«] still dwells among us. It has brought
to- all the nations of the world a recog
nition of the United States as a first
cl.iss power.
In tho business world there is much
to be thankful for. Business interests
generally have felt the impetus which
has come with our new awakening.
During the year we have emerged from,
a period of depression and entered one
of expansion. In the face of rising in
stead of falling values, of new opportu
nities for investment, and of a health
ful activity in all lines of industry, the
business man can eat his Thanksgiving
turkey in a thankful, cheerful and
hopeful spirit.
• • •
I am thankful that one dark blot has
been removed from the face of rlvlllza-
tion during the
present year. 1
am thankful for
the glorious suc
cess of nnr war
DR. H.M FIELD,
Evangelist.
with Spain, and thankful that I have
lived to see it.
Let mo not be misunderstood. War is
a terrible thing, but there are other
things which are worse, and one of
them was the cruel starving of helpless
men, women and children in Cuban
pest cities. Thanks be to God. America
has done away with that crime against
humanity.
I believe that the recent war with
Bpaln wan inevMble. I know some
thing of the Spanish people, and I kn jw
that they would never voluntarily have
relinquished their claim upon the island
of Cuba, There was no cure for this
festering sore except the knife, and I
rejoice that the operation is now safely
over.
Therefore I am one of those who
glory in our recent war, and who see
in its course the hand of the Almighty.
In the general exultation over our com
plete success we are apt to forget the
terrible risks which we ran when we
took up the cause of humanity and the
remarkably small loss we have sus-
talned In championing that cause.
Truly God's mercy has been mani
fested to us in many ways within the
past twelvemonth, and in the midst of
cur rejoicings at the coming of Thanks
giving we must not forget that fact.
Let us as a nation return thanks for
abundant harvests: for a reunion closer
_ __ tnan ever before
of all sections of
the country; for
the early return
of peace and she
JOHN D. LONG,
Sec. of the Navy.
termination of the recent war. with fo
few casualties; for the enjoyment of
civil and religious liberty; for our in
stitutions of education and the common
school; for free government and for a
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
WHEN the 14,000,000 American families gather about their 14.000,000 turkeys on Thursday week, what
causes for thanksgiving will they find in the events of the past year? Some of the most eminent men of
the country have written for The Sunday Call their opinions on this question. Fighting Leaders Gen
eral Miles, Commander Philip and Colonel Roosevelt. Members of the Cabinet Lyman J. Gage and
John D. Lour, Financiers Russell Sage and Henry Clews, and other famous men representing different
careers in life, have contributed their sentiments, and they agree that not for many years have Americans had so
many reasons for observing Thanksgiving as a great national festival.
A war of worldwide significance carried to complete success in 100 days; an enlarged commerce, which
will this year make an American city the greatest shipping port in the world: a reunited country from which the
last trace of factional bitterness has been wiped out: the Anglo-American understanding; the settlement of our
disputes with Canada; general business prosperity: important scientific discoveries; bountiful harvests: Klondike
gold; Dewey and all the other heroes of the war, are mentioned as among the things for which we have to be
grateful on November 24, 1808.
country In which the ii.'li- ij .hi .'.-. >.v
low, rich or poor, rather than a.ny class,
is at once the ruler and the beneficiary.
The American whose heart is not
filled with devout thankfulness on No-
vember 24, 1898.
must be indeed
poor in spirit.
Whether or not h/>
JACOB SCHURMAN,
Pres. of Cornell.
: ; approves or mo
political results that seem certain to
follow that conflict there is a common
ground for thanksgiving to the guiding
providence which brought us through
the war with so great glory and °o lit
tle loss, for the splendid achievements
of our soldiers and sailors, for the nobJe
sacrifices and generous deeds which the
past months have witnessed.
The world of science has to be thank
ful for important new discuvt;ries and
the world of education for enlarged op
portunities of applied UMtfdtness.
Speaking for Cornell University an<l
for those who are especially Interested
in its welfare, I may say that we have
just passed through the most success
ful year in our history. It has brought
us new friends, broadened our field df
work and blessed us in many ways. I
think, too, that most of our sister in
stitutions can report gratifying prog
ress.
All in all, the country over, xvi can
look back upon exceptional benefac
tions within the past year, and next
Thursday should be for us all a great
national festival of Thanksgiving.
• * *
The people of this country have
abundant causes for giving thanks this
year. Guided and
sustained by an
almighty provi
dence, we have
accomplished that
RUSSELL SAGE,
Capitalist.
which has astonished the peoples of the
entire world. In all history no such
marvelous achievement is recorded.
Strong* in a righteous and holy cause,
we have wthin 100 days overthrown the
tyranny of one of the oldest and
mightiest dynasties and given freedom
and happiness to an oppressed people.
Where now is the rule of Spain? Her
C2©'m^odop*e. Philip-
NORTH ATLANTIC .SQUAORON
Andrew Carnegi
Preto Jacob-schur^a,n
©^ CORNB.U f ■■■
powers are gone forever, and her bar
barous hand falls helplessly by her
side. Her arrogance and cruelty have
received a rebuke that was inevitable.
Rich and fertile lands have become
ours and all in a space of time so
short that the mind can hardly real
ize it.
But this is not the thing for which
we should be most thankful. To my
mind the greatest of all is our advance
among the nations o/ the earth. Not as
far back as the beginning of this cen-
tury we were considered but little bet
ter than barbarians and reckoned sixth
or seventh among nations. To-day the
greatest and most powerful people in
the world openly acknowledges us as
second only to itself. This seems won
derful, but yet it is true. It is a matter
for great rejoicing that as an entire
people we recognize what we owe Eng
land for her openly expressed friend
ship throughout the w.ar with Spain.
No other thing so surely made for our
success, and we are bound to the
mother country by ties that nothing
can sunder. This is not alone for our
good, nor for that of England; it is
for the betterment of the entire civil
ized world.
Speaking one language and inspired
by the same high purpose, the two peo
ples will bring about a higher and no
bler, civilization wherever they may go
hand in hand. That England feels this
as fully as we do there can be no doubt,
and in her present trying situation it
must be very gratifying to her to know
the warm- friendship that exists for her
on this side of the water. These are
sentiments not to be voiced in a boast
ful spirit, and it is therefore very fit
ting that the whole nation should enter
heartily into the season of thanksgiv
ing named by the President and offer
thanks to Him whose hand guided us
through it all.
That through It all God has seen fit to
«o bless us with prosperity that the
burdens of a war have fallen bo lightly
upon us is another reason for the great
est gratitude. Surely there is cause for
all to give thanks this year.
• • •
We should be thankful for the uni
versal return Of nrnanori^ tV.f....~i 4.
the country and
for the marvelous
protection of life
during the conflict
with Spain.
COM. PHILIP,
N. Atlantic Squadron.
Personally I am convinced that the
divine hand was with us in that en
counter, and that he guided and pro
tected us. If we continue under the
divine guidance we must of necessity
become the first nation of the earth.
The people of this country cannot do
better than follow the President's invi
tation to return thanks on the day set
apart for that purpose by him.
» • •
Foremost of all the people of the
United States should be thankful that
now in this crisis
in their national
history there are
patriots enough
among them to
A. CARNEGIE,
Capitalist.
avert the ruin of the country. The ef
forts to expand our territory and en
large our boundaries at the expense of
all that the founders of the republic
held dearest ought to fail, and I am
thankful to say I believe they will fail.
Let us be thankful to be brought back
to the policy of the fathers, thankful
if we may keep our country solid, com
pact. Impregnable, free from the vortex
of European strife. Oh. what a cause
for thanksgiving that will be! May we
avoid the assumption of remote respon
sibilities, entailing sacrifices in time of
peace, weakneo3 in time of war.
Above all, young America has abun
dant cause to be thankful that honest
poverty remains to-day the best start
in life in the republic, the best heritage
for young men who have their own
way to make in the world; that op
portunity comes to all; that the
chance to succeed passes no man by.
however humble his employment; that
the changing conditions of life have not
yet put it out of the power of the er
rand boy to become the boss.
Let us all be thankful that honesty
industry and concentration remain to
day the "secret of success."
QUEER STORIES
OF THE EAST
G GEORGE HORTON, poet, jour
nalist and diplomat, United
States Consul to Athens, tells
these stories of the East:
Several years before the pres
ent Czar Nicholas came to the throne
he made an excursion to Greece. Mr.
Bakhmeteff, then secretary of the Rus
sian Legation in Athens, accompanied
his Royal Highness, acting as mentor
and guide.
While the royal party was encamped
in tents at Olympia a greedy peasant
furnished the luncheon. Imagine the
secretary's consternation when the rus
tic host presented a bill for 3500 francs.
Mr. Bakhmeteff found himself in the
following dilemma: He could not dis
pute the bill in the presence of His
Royal Highness. Things were supposed
to go on smoothly, and moreover, the
Grand Duke had given orders that all
bills were to be paid without protests.
On the other hand, the accounts were
regularly forwarded to the Grand
Duke's father. Mr. Bakhmeteff feared
that the Czar would never believe that
such a bill had been presented. He
managed to call the peasant aside and
to say:
"What in the name of heaven is
this? What is this 3500 francs? What
does it mean?"
"The bill for luncheon, five people,"
replied the peasant.
"Give me an itemized account of the
bill," said Mr. Bakhmeteff.
The peasant did so. Among the itemg
was one for five chickens at 500 francs
apiece— 2soo francs. Mr. Bakhmeteff
choked with indignation.
"Five hundred francs apiece for
chickens!" he cried. "No chickens in
the world were ever worth so much."
"These chickens are worth that much
to me now," replied the host.
After a long argument the secretary
succeeded in securing a rebate of 500
francs.
What was his disgust when his Royal
Highness, who was entirely uncon
scious of this episode, gave the host on
parting a present of 20 napoleons and
expressed himself as highly satisfied
with the latter's attention.
Arthur Sherburne Hardy, author and
United States Minister to Persia, tells
Mr. Horton that there is a good deal of
scheming to secure the decoration be
stowed by the Shah of Persia, not be
cause it is a great honor but because
it is easily obtainable. One American
made a complete collection of the birds
of North America, which he sent to the
Shah.
The birds were turned over to the
Ruler of the Universe and the Son of
the Sun and graciously accepted, the
decoration was granted and the firman
announcing it was issued. Then Mr.
Hardy received a long letter from the
American stating that the decoration
had never been received.
Mr. Hardy, being much interested,
immediately inquired where he could
see the birds. He was informed that
they had been sent- to the Ministry of
"War. He went there immediately and
was smilingly received.
"Oh. yes," said the Persian officer,
"we had them here, but we learned
that they were prepared with arsenic
and we feared that some one might
cook and eat one of them. Therefore
we ordered that the collection be
burned."
Further inquiry developed the fact
that the decoration had not been for
warded because the necessary $50 had
not been sent. This delinquency has
since been made good, and the Ameri
can is now the proud and happy pos
sessor of the Order of the Sun.
rortugral's port wine crop is tho smallest
on record, owing to the heat and drought
of last summer. The quality of the wine,
however, promises to be fins.
1920
VISITED THE ISLAND WHERE DREYFUS IS CONFINED
THE great Paris weekly, L'lliustration, on the Bth of September last "
determined on a grand coup in the Dreyfus case. This was to send '
a representative to the Isle dv Diable (or as near to it as lie could -
who was to gather information and make pictures of the cele
brated prisoner.
L'lliustration has kept a middle course in the great controversy, and -
in sending a representative to the island was to get information H
uld make an impression without in any way referring to the jus
tice or injustice of the case.
M. Abeniacar was chosen for the work. The greatest secrecy was
maintained, although it was ascertained the Figaro had at one time con
templated the same venture, but had given it up "pour raison."
i'lie representative or L'lliustration, sailed on the packet steamer La '
France, and in due time reached Cayenne. French Guiana, where he be- "
gan his labbrs. He suffered great inconvenience, and at times came »cry ■
near bring captured by French officials, who would most surely have
harshly with hjm. The results, of the venture have been most satis- -
factory to the publishers, ;.nd also to the Parisians, who have been .
given a new sensation in the shape of a icw actual facts. Here is what the
venturesome commissioner wrofe of his discoveries.
IT is 11 o'clock in the morning. I
mount the bridge where the com
mandant of the vessel has cour
sly sjivon me space and there
set up my two photographic in-
Bt-ruments and mark off my ground of
view tin a chart of Uie islands as a
ijiemorandum.
"In the grayish mist of chc hnrizon
appears the lie Royale, and on its left
the lie rtu iJiable. We will not see
the lie St. Joseph, which Is hidden
from view behind the lie Royale, un
til we turn to port in going to our
anchorage. Very Boon the details of
conformation begin to appear and we
see standing out one after another the
several buildings in which the more
dangerous criminals are confined and
a comparison forces itself on the mind
between the frightful life of the con
vict within and the exterior aspect of
these shelters which look so peaceful,
and of the luxuriant vegetation, where
every shade of green has put its touch,
encircled l*y the brilliant azure of the
sea and sky.
■i 'ii the extreme point of the lie dv
Diable, to our right, stand a score of
cocoanut trees. It was there during
the first two years that the prison
house of Dreyfus stood, but when the
matter entered the new phase the situ
ation was considered too much exposed
to the view of passing vessels and for
four of an attempt at escape they de
cided upon a change of location. His
new hue was built on the summit of
the hiil which overhangs the shore.
"The accompanying drawing shows
It exactly as far as could be seen
through the jilass at a distance of 550
yards and rapidly sketched on paper.
It is a Bmall house of about four meters
re, with a. pointed ruof covered
With sine, painted white. It stands on
I the sides of a rectangular palis
ade, which completely surrounds it.
"Thia palisade of about 40 feet long
and h wide Is formed of thick posts of
wapa, pointed at the top, closely joined
and leaving no interstices between
them. They are about 10 .cet high,
h makes Impossible the view of
the island or the sea from the interior.
On the side where the slope of the
ground is gnat the palisade is sup
d by a stone foundation, laid dry
which has probably given rise to the
Btorj , :u .y which oc
casioned so much noise. "Within the
prison house, as we learned later, a
place inclosed by iron grill work, a
veritable chicken coop is reserved for
a guard who has the condemned man
always under his eye.
"The grill communicates with the
prison house by a door with a double
link. Tli.- officer of the watch has tn<
key to on..- of these locks, and the other
is in the hands of a superintendent or
■ tor. Neither of these men can
the door without tha concurrence
of the other.
"For furniture there is a little iron
bedstead made in the culony, with a
mosquito net, a table, a combination
washstand and toilet table, some
r-helves for books, paper?, etc., and a
small .stove <•;: which the prisoner does
his cooking.
"Ai the entt of tin? palisade and just
prison house stands the
house of his keepers, :i large building
of about thirty feet on the side, with
three windows or doors on each side,
accommodating six guards.
"The houso is surmounted by a tower
thirty feet in height, a lookout from
which a watchman constantly scans
the horizon, while near by is a revolv
ing HotchkißS rifle cannon whose voice
has beer, heard more than once, and It
Story of a Venturesome French Jouroalist Who Was Dispatched to Devils Island to Learn fill He Could About the Life and Surroundings of the Famous Prisoner
may be said right here, quite un
apropos.
"It is noon when we anchor at the
•lie Royale.' The mail sacks ..re taken
on board and we are again en route and
soon on the other side of the islands.
Between the point of the 'He St. Jo
seph' and that of the 'He Royale.' we
still see for some minutes the prison
house, the guardhouse and the look
out. Two hours more and we are at
Cayenne, the interval being employed
in completing the sketch made earlfer.
"We got ashore at 4 p. m. and con
sumed three hours in search of a lodg
ing. By 7 o'clock, being assured of not
having to go back to the vessel to
sleep, we began withoat loss of time
our voyage of discovery by a tour of
the cafes and a visit to the 'Circle,' In
these places are gathered at the early
evening hour every one who takes any
part in non-official Cayennaise life, and
it. is in these crowds that we can best
glean news. The people who are con
cerned with Dreyfus at Cayenne are
of three categories.
"First— The officials, f rom ' whom it
is very difficult to obtain any informa
tion whatever.
"Second— correspondents of the
family of the prisoner.
"Third— The people who furnish his
supplies.
"We must be very discreet in ap
proaching and sounding these persons,
more or less informed, more or less
careful and sincere, and compare sth
statements of one with those of others.
How has Dreyfus lived since the firs
day of his seclusion? What does he
do? What is the state of his health
and how are his spirits? To all these
questions we have had very precise
answers.
"The condemned/ man rises at 5
o'clock in the morning, at which hour
the door which leads from the prison
house Into the yard is opened. After
having taken his first breakfast. which
he prepares himself, as he does all his
meals, he goes out and smokes for a.
while, pacing rapidly about the inclos
ure, from which he can see nothing but
the sky. . ">-tv
"From 10 to 11 o'clock the door is
closed, and it will be opened again
from 11 to 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
"During the day Dreyfus writes a
great deal, but is largely occupied in
drawing architectural designs and in
figures. Always very careful of hi
person, he dresses generally in white
linen and has for a long time worn
starched shirts.
"His guards must never speak to him
and, as to himself, he has never ad
dressed a word to any one save the
doctor when It was necessary to con
sult him. His confinement is on the
Holitary cell system in a special cell
and in the open air. As he has to do ail
of his own cooking he Ifves principally
on canned goods to save trouble.
"At first his orders tar provisions
and different things were distributed
among several dealers of Cayenne.
Lately, however, one house furnishes
everything, and the proprietors will be
as much astonished as the penitentiary
officials to see in public print a dupli
cate of his. order for the month of Oc
tober. Here it is in entirety:
1 liter of alcohol for fuel.
2 flasks of orange flower water.
t, l kilogram of chocolate.
2 boxes of Cametnbert cheese.
*', bottles soda water.
2 bottles Hunyadl-Janos.
6 pairs colored socks.
Hi^kSlos Stohl tobacco.
3 wooden pipe.
50 cißars.
2 packets of matches.
2 quires of white paper. .
2 packets of wax tapers.
1 flask of granulated kola.
5 kilos of soap.
2 pairs of pantaloons of white cloUi.
6 white linen handkerchiefs.
The whole sums up 139 25 franc.
"It Is an average of the monthly ex-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, IS9S.
pense indulged in by the prisoner. He
has never passed the figure of $50. Of
the money which his family ha.« de
posited with the penitentiary adminis
tration for him there remains at his
disposal a sum of sc-me $1600.
"More than anything else the details
of this bill confirm exactly the informa
tion given us as to the state of 1 his
health and his mind. The granulated
kola and the chocolate for strengthen
ing and the orange (lower water to al
lay excitement and nervousness. He
is evidently desirous c-f keeping him
self in good health. Save some trouble
with his liver, however, soon after his
arrival and a somewhat nrnl.,r.™rt ri*ra_
NOT POPULAR WITH THE ARMY PARTY
t
entery in 1896 the state of Dreyfus'
health has been excellent.
"He is* a little bent. and his
beard is long and almost white.
He has grown stouter. He is not
and has never been downhearted or de
pressed.
"Does Dreyfus know of the stir his
name Is making in France? It ia doubt
ful, but not impossible. There are in
Cayenne some strange specimens <f
squint-eyed brokers who trade with
the negroes for their gold. Actuated by
a desire for gain one of these men put
himself in communication with the
prisoner, as he told me, when the house
was at the lower end of the island.
Prom the Isle Royale, to which he had
access, he drew the attention of Drey
fus, who finally recognized the effort.
"I saw this broker, who though very
close at first, said to me- afterward:
'One can communicate with any prison
er, no matter whom, when he knows
how to manage. A note is easily slip
ped in a starched fold of a shirt. As
to making him know that the revision
of his case is about to follow, the means
would be still more simple; On the
packets of tobacco and cigars which <•
they furnish him one only has to ef
face the Rs with a redhot iron or the
head of a match. 'R' effaced. Revision
is coming about to come. ■*
" 'Have you done it?' I asked.
"He laughed but made no reply. Was
this a tacit avowal as to wishing to es
cape? Dreyfus has never thought of it.
They tell quietly here of a person who
made a journey to Paris to offer his
services to the family, but who returned
downcast and nonplused.
"But they say many things in Guiana
that are not all to be believed. The
only ones who believe in the possibility
of an escape are the persons who have
the responsibility of hip guardianship-^ "
and first among these '" the command
ant of the Mies dv Salut.'
"The last director of the penitentiary
went so far as to imitate an attempt at
surprise by boat, taking part himself,
and landing on the Isle dv Diablo he
came near being killed by the fire which
the night guards rained on the party.
"It is entirely certain that if needed
for the purposes of the revision, Drey
fus will be found on his island and in
good health, whatever may be thought '
on this subject, when one learns that
all tho material and apparatus for em
balming a body were lately sent to the
"Isle dv Diable.' It -was only as a pre
caution, but up to the present a use
less precaution." ' *v^ V - H
• • ♦
M.Abenlcar returned to Paris on Oc
tober 24 and L'Ul'Jstration gave the re
sults of his expedition in the follow
ing issue, unmindful of the probable <
disapproval of the authorities. . •.
• • • *
Special to The Sunday Call.
PARTS, Nov. 18.— The announcement
that two advocates will be sent to Cay
enne, capital -♦ French Guia a, to as
sist Dreyfus in the preparation of his
defense, gives rise to the belief that he
will not, after all, be brought back, it
is believed he has already received the
Government's message announcing the
revision.
SCENES IN *PARIS
During
THE AGITATION..
PARIS, Nov. 7. — Sunday after Sun
day there are Dreyfus riots to be
seen, while throughout the week
there are the conliicts of the
strikers and the military. The
knowledge that the general strike is
only a new move in the Socialistic plot
to turn the Dreyfus agitation into a
full revolution adds immensely to the
spicy element of danger. Already at
the tables d'hote they are discussing
with delightful shivers what to do in
A Street collision Bctweerj factions.
case of trouble. 'Will the banks be
closed?" To-day you may see 40,000
Boldlers picketed all over Paris. Of
course, they may avert this strike.
Then there wil! be more strikers, for it
is in the secret counsels of the leaders
t i keep up the fires of insurrection and
disorder pending' the delay of the re
vision.
There is really grave disorder In
Paris. No one could have seen the af
fair of the Avenue Wagram without
apprehension. Three blocks distant
fmm the avenue a crowd of 200 people,
half of them well dressed, pursued
three middie-aered men of respectable
appearance. They chased them at a
full run, crying. "Death to the Drey
fusards!" Taking; refuse in a large
apartment house in which one of the
three appeared to live, they slammed
and locked the heavy porte-cochere
door? against which the crowd pressed,
"DOWN WITH THE ARMY I"
From a cartoon published In a French papet,
hammering with clubs and canes, and
yelling, "Break in the door! Break in
the door!" Soon there was the pound
ing of a piece of timber. A dense crowd
gathered round, exchanging jokes and
asking, "Where are the police?" There
were no police in sight, Lung! Bang!
The doors gave way. The mob rushed
howling in — and stood there howling!
They lacked a leader to take them up
stairs.
On the Avenue Hoche a gentle
man of 60 years of age was asked to
hurrah, "Vive l'armee!" He exclaimed,
impatiently "Vive tout le monde."'
(Hurrah for everybody.)
"Excepte Picquart!" came the shrill
voice of a small boy in the crowd.
It was chough to start them off. "Ex
cept Picquart! Except Picquart!"
They hemmed him in and threatened
him with canes and fists; they yelled at
him until their faces glowed a purple
red; they clutched at him and pulled
and pushed him, always howling that
he must except Picquart! But the
aged gentleman had sporting blood. He
would not except. So much the worse
for him. They ture his coat off, made
his nose bleed, burnt his silk hat, spat
on him and so continued until the police
arrived.
Up a side street, toward the Salle
Uagram, where the Dreyfus meeting
was to have been held, there marched
a delegation of 500 Dreyfus sympa
thizers. It is true there were many
young men among them, many lons
haired, •■intellectual" looking fellows;
but the mass was solid-looking and re
spectable. Before they got within a
block of the avenue they were stopped.
This was one of the real fights. Men
were knocked down. Men were beaten
on the head with canes. Coats were
torn off. Hats were smashed. A few
from each side were trampled upon.
There was much spitting. But, above
all, there was yelling. There was curs
ing — "Reptile!" "Assassin!" "Your
dirty throat!"
New, it ought to be well understood
by this time that it is the Dreyfus sym
pathizers who are accused of wishing
to bring on a revolution. To the cou
rageous and high minded authority this
reflection is all the more bitter because
of its partial truth. The Socialists and
anarchists, without being asked, with
out being wanted, being dreaded like
the plague, have taken their side.
They are against the army. The dis
contented workingmen are made to see
that their advantage lies along the line
of a continued insurrection and disor
der. So it is that every Dreyfus meet
ing means a riot. So it is that the
great strike has extraordinary mean
ing. So it is to-day that Paris is in a
real state of siege.
Around these 5000 "shanties," guard
ed by the military, gather all the day
great groups of tantalizing workmer.-
When they cry, "Hurrah for the
strike!" they are allowed to cry in
peace. When they yell. "Down with
the army!" the police disperse them.
Wh^n they will not disperse, the sol
diers make a military movement, get
in line — and then there is dispersion.
"Down with the army!" It Is the So
cialist cry, the anarchist cry, the cry
of the radical revolutionists.
The Dreyfus agitation is also de
clared to be "against the army." It Is
in the name of protecting the honor of
the army that anti-Dreyfus mobs break
up the Dreyfus meetings!
"You see how Paris is patrolled by
soldiers," say the representatives of
the Government to the strikers, "you
see how the 'shanties' are guarded. A
conflict is feared. Suppose, what is
possible, some one throws a stone at
a soldier. Then they will charge you.
You will see where the victims will
be."
"We are ready to stand it."
"Then let us appeal to other senti
ments. You know how serious the sit
uation is. You are workingmen; con
sequently Republicans. Do you not see
that the republic is being attacked?"
"It's all the same to us," replied one
of the delegates. No one protested.
The far-fetched theories of the peo
ple you meet every day are astonish
ing to Americans. "You see, Paris is
a camp," said a Parisian friend to me
last, night, an intellectual revisionist.
"Do you suppose the soldiers were
brought in, picked troops from many
parts of France, because the strike ne
cessitated it? Do not Imagine it.
They brought them in to have them
ready against the rev-.sion time. The
army will stand out again revision even
after it is under way. When that time
comes, and it will come in a few weeks,
beware!"
Meanwhile 40.000 extra Idlers . hang
about the Paris streets. The wine shops
overflow. By night and day crowds
march through the boulevards and ave
nues to the most contradictory cries:
"Conspuez les Dreyfusists!"
"Hurrah for the Social revolution!"
"Down with the Prussians!"
"Hurrah for the strike!"
"Down with the army!"
"Vive la F-r-r-r-r-rance!"
"Vice Picquart!"
"Hurrah for the exposition!"
"A bas les Jesuits!,"
"Down with the police!"
"A bas les Juifs!" •'.•■-■;:
Do these cries mean anything to
France?
■ ♦ ■ — —
In the high schools of Sweden boys and
girls are educated in the same classes.
Nearly all the telegraph, telephone and.
postomces are in the hands of women.
Lately they have invaded even the steam
ship service.TO MAKE A PSYCHOLOGICAL STUDY
OF ANIMALS
New Methods of Studying the Habits and Mode of Life of Animals in the Laboratory in the Uhiversi y of Pennsylvania.
THE University of Pennsylvania
has set tself to answer some of
these strange questions: Why
do not monkeys talk, when their
vocal organs are quite as per
fect as those of many human beings?
Why and how does the chameleon
change color?
Why do anfi als in captivity fail to
breed .
Kxa'.-tly how much honey will an In
dustrious bee gather in one day?
Do animals dream?
The.-- and a score of other zoological
quite as interesting will be
studied in the new experimental labo
ratory for live animals which the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania is now con
structing. It will be the first institu
tion of the kind ever built as an ad
junct to a college or university. There
will be cages for large animals, aviaries
for birds, lofts for bats, aquariums for
fish, rooms for insects, and L. all of
these departments a maze of apparatus
for carry on experiments.
Scientists generally are viewing this
new departure of the University of
Pennsylvania with much more than or
dinary interest, because it is hoped that
many of the greatest problems ani
mal "life will be solved by it. In the
past zoologists have confined them
selves almost wholly to the compara
tive anatomy of beasts, birds and in
sects without making any very sys
tematic effort to investigate their curi
ous habits, contrasts and traits, which
might, if explained, have a very defi
nite bearing on ' general problem of
existence. Desultory efforts have been
made i.i the past, but no great insti
tution has hitherto taken up the sub
ject on a comparative scale, conse
quently the experimental laboratory of
the University of Pennsylvania, now
WAS CHRISTIAN SCIENCE RESPONSIBLE FOR HAROLD FREDERICS DEATH ?
T£E indictment for manslaughter of Mrs. Mills, the Christian
Scientist, who was treating Harold Frederic, the novelist, at
the time of his death, in England, is exciting much interest
in both Great Britain and the United States.
Harold Frederic had been ill for a year, and as he did not
recover it was suggested that he resort to faith cure and dismiss
his physicians. He did so and after his illness .had ended fatally at.
Inquest was held. The Coroner's verdict was that the deceased came
to his death as the result of negligence on the part of his attendants.
He had been interested in Christian Science since 1889,
but not to the exclusion of his regular physician. When he was
very ilj he himself asked that Miss Lyons, who lived in his family,
call Mn. mj]] 3 to give n , m spec { a l faith healing treatment.
Mrs. Miiia went to the sick man, but refused to treat him unless
the physicians in attendance were dismissed. This was done, but
with reluctance.
Harold Frederic was an American and went to London as cor
respomk-nr tor the New York Times. Prior to this he had been
editor of the Albany Journal. He was best known in the literary
world fiom his book, "The Damnation of Theron Ware." His other
novels, "in the Valley" and Seth's Brother's Wife," had already
brought him fume. His last book but one, "Gloria Mundi," is still in
the hands of his publishers. He leaves a widow and two daughters.
By his will ih> house in Henley, where he lived, and the revenue j
from his English copyrights go to his widow. To Miss Lyon, who is !
Indicted as an accomplice with Mrs. Mills, he willed his American
house and American copyrights.
Mr.*. Mills is an American also. She is described as a striking
looking woman, with a square chin, hard, firm mouth and steel
pray penetrating eyes. She was dressed at the trial in black snk
and wore in each ear a large diamond. In her evidence before the
Jury Mrs. Mills admitted that both her husband, who had been a ]
musician, and herself gained their livelihood by faith healing. She :
never went any place except when sent for and refused in every case !
to act BnI«M the medical men in attendance were dismissed. She re- j
reived a guinea a week and her traveling expenses while treating \
Harold Frederic. In her examination she said when asked:
"In what condition did you find Mr. Frederic?"
"I do not know. I bring my patients truth and do not feel their j
pul.se."
"Was his co-operation necessary for a cure?"
"He must accept the treatment."
"Did he co-operate with you?"
"He listened to me. I do not know how the treatment goes, i
God knows."
"You do not know till the patient dies?"
"I never had one die."
"What? Not Mr. Frederic?"
"He was not under my treatment when he died. The doctors !
were called in again."
"Did you hear the doctors say that if the deceased had been
medically treated during the month he was under your care he
would have recovered?" ]
well under way. is looked upon with re
markable interest.
Bees Photographed In Glass Hives-
Just how the problems will be solved
has not yet been decided upon in all
cases, but some of the proposed experi
ments are interesting in prospect For
instance, in the ca>e of tl.e honey bee
It is proposed to construct special ob
servation hives; for although this in
sect has been serving can for cen
turies we are not nearly so imimate
with its habits as we might be. The
hives will have glass windows, which
can be opened on occasion and photo
graphs made of what is going on inside.
It is not known just how much honey
each bee will collect in the course of a
day, nor how long it will be gqne on
each excursion among the tlowers.
Special arrangements will be made for
ascertaining this '-formation. From the
door of each hive a long tube-like pas
sageway will lead, composed for the
most part of glass, but in places of
wood and metal. In this tuhe or front
hallway of the hive, there will be a lit
tle vesti ule or chamber in which the
bee can be confined momentarily on
his way in or out of the hive. The oor
of the vestibule will really be the plat
form of a very delicate wei Thing in
strument. When a bee starts to leave
the hive it will bo allowed to walk
along the passageway, but when it
reaches the exit the insect will find its
way obstructed by a little glass door.
Immediately another glass door will be
slipped down behind the honey gatherer
and then as it walks around the little
chamber its v eight can be had accur
ately, the scale being adjusted to the
fraction cf a gram. Next a delicate
mechanism will urop a spot of paint,
ink or other coloring substance on the
back of the bee for the purpose of fu
ture identification, a record being taken
of the color and shape of the shot of
this coloring substance. The insect
will then be released and allowed to
proceed in quest of sweets. When it re
TnE SAN FT?AXCSTCO CALL, SUIS DAY, NOVEMBER 20, 189 S.
turns a note will be made of how long
it was absent and when it passes
through the vestibule it will again be
weighed, the increase being recorded
as equivalent to the amount of honey
gathered. The different changes which
take place in the hatching of drones
and workers among the tees will be
carefuily studied; also the curious
method by which the bees are enabled
to "construct queen eggs when the
regular queen eggs have been destroyed
and there is no resident queen to lay
others. The reason why bees live un
der a system of polyandry will also be
traced to its origin, if possible.
Ant Hills With Windows.
Ants are given as much study as
bees. Large colonies will be established
in and outside the animal house. They
will be induced to construct their nests
or hiils in especially prepared places so
that at stated intervals the inside of
the ant habitation may be examined at
will. Heretofore an intimate knowledge
<>f ants and their ways has been acci
dentally obtained, as investigators have
been hampered by a forced cessation
of the every day habits of the insects
when their nests were demolished to al
low the investigator a peep at the in
side. This will be avoided if possible
at the University of Pennsylvania by
the adoption of some window principle
which will enable the students to see
inside the nest without taking it apart.
One of the odd things to be sought will
be the reason why some species of ants
will permit themselves to be made
slaves when they are born in captivity,
whereas when they are born in a free
state they will fiercely fight their cap
tors.
Testing an Ant's Reason.
Ants will be brought from every part
of the world and studied under the
In .uence of changes of temperature.
Not only will they be studied as they
are, but they will be suddenly or grad
ually confronted wi" changed condi-
Discussed by Dr. Kent, G. Bernard Shaw, Attorney D. Donohoe Jr,, Mrs. Carrie Judd Montgomery.
"I did not hear it and have not given it a thought."
"Was there any improvement in his bodily condition under your
care?" *•;-.:
"He would not have continued to wish to see me if it were not so."
"Is it part of your faith not to call in medical aid for any
diseases?"
"I have never called in medical aid for any of .my patients."
"Is that part of your creed?"
"As far as I understand truth that is truth. I believe in God."
"Suppose it is a broken leg?" ;>;•'
"Cannot God take care of a broken leg? God is infinite and all
. powerful. ; God is a good surgeon."
■;-. "I ask you would you call in a medical man?"
"I live in. the present. God is in the present."
"Answer. my question. Yes no?" -.'♦>.(■
"I cannot tell you what I should do."
Many indictments have been obtained already in England against
i the faith healers, but no penalty has ever been affixed.
In the present case Labouehere of the London Truth, together
with many of Mr. Frederic's friends, are trying to secure some prac
tical outcome to the indictment.
,'_r;-;.jw * * •
Here are the opinions of several prominent local physicians and
Christian Scientists on the Harold Frederick case:
• » *
. The modern Bishop who said that no modern state could stand,
a month if founded on the Sermon on the Mount was a great poli-
DR KERT.
. what we suppose is the scientific basis common to all the methods
adopted by Christian Scientists, faith healers, pilgrims to Lourdes
and hypnotists. They all work on the great central truth that in
many diseases the mind is the thing affected. Influence the mind
und you influence the disease. Work upon the mind by belief, by
ecstasy, by "suggestion," and the mind of itself will repair the body.
In a number of cases familiar to everybody there is no doubt
Df that fact. That is the real advantage acquired by "change of air,"
"sun cures," "salt cures," "grape cures," and all the rest of the
weary list.
We owe a debt of gratitude to all who can develop and cheapen
any such methods by which men may be restored to health by an
amiable s^lf-deceit. But to go all the lengths with this principle is
to return to the fanaticism of the Middle Ages.
It is the "cure-all" on which Carlyle poured out his storm of
scorn as "Morrison's Pill." Diseases are not all the same; they are
not all "mental." You cannot put any single remedy in all the crowd
of human bodies even though the remedy is nothing more violent
than a "suggestion."
How is it that the wounded in a battle are now for the most
part raved? Docs any sane man believe it could be done by anoint
ing or by "suggestion."
We have among us a set of people whom, with all respect for
their earnestness a-nd convictions, we can only class as fanatics. The
Question is how are we to treat them? I do not for one moment
tions so as to find whether their in
stinct or incipient reason will be strong
enou-h to cause them to change their
habits to conform to their changed
manner of life. This process of enforc
ed development will be used on various
animals, birds an.; insects to see if the
Blow processes <■>♦ evolution can be has
tened by artificial means. Ants pro
verbially are wiser for their size than
any living creature, so that this process
of forcing the intellectual powers of
a-^rnals will have with them a vivid
application. Even white ants will be
induced to colonize in the institution.
These curious creature build houses so
hitrh and strong (some of them are
twenty feet high) that the sentinel
buffalo of Africa use them as observa
tion points on which to stand while
they guard 'he destinito of the feeding
herds.
To Learn About the Death-Head Beetle.
That curious little wood-consuming
insect known as the death-head beetle,
which is dreaded by the superstitious
because it is supposed to be the fore
runner of the Angel of Death, will be
studied, and perhaps some very curious
coincidences investigated. The seven
teen-year locust will be studied with a
view to finding out why it should put
in a multiplied appearance only dur
ing certain years and after regular in
tervals. The markings on the wings of
the butterflies, together with the rela
tions these markings bear to the color
ing of caterpillars from which the but
terflies came will also be studied. The
influence of temperature on butterflies
will be tested in especially heated
rooms. It may prove something in re
gard to geographical distribution.
How a Spider Spins.
There will be a spider room in the
institution where the home and field
life of Arachne can be studied intimate
ly. Henceforth we may expect to learn
the whole process of web-makingr and
tician. but his orthodoxy was questioned.
The opinion of the doctors upon faith
healing is much the same as the Bishop's
upon politics. We will limit ourselves to
of fly-catching as it is pursued in
spiderdom.
Mystery of Giants and Dwarfs Among Fish-
Determined effort will be made to
find out some of the mysteries of fish
existence. The breeding habits are not
entirely known. Take one peculiar fact
concerning the black bass, wßich is
well 'known to anglers. *• isHermen
have observed that there seem always
to be two varieties of fish in one pool —
the large sized and small sized. Now
those giants and dwarfs all come from
the same lot of eggs. Half of the em
bryos from one hatching grow large;
the other half remain stunted. There
are no intermediate sizes and the phe
nomenon is m>t caused by some of the
fish eating others, since the smaller
ones are there; nor can it be because of
a more favorable location for part of
the egg mass — the sizes of the fish
would be graduated if that were the
fact.
In addition to an examination of the
eggs, the fish will be successively iso
lated and congregated, examined in
ternally and externally for parasites
which might sap their vitality, and rate
of growth each day or week will be de
termined accurately. The predilection
of certain fish forms for light or dark
ness will be noted and they will be
scrutinized carefully and put through
various tests to determine if possible
what it is that causes this eagerness
for light or shade. The reason may be
a chemical one, or it may be part of the
animal's food getting propensities, or it
may be part of that protective prin
ciple which helps many an animal to
avoid its enemies, or there may be
something electric plvmt it. Scientists
know an animal which is to be attract
ed toward the light to be, as they say.
heliotropic. One which insists on go
ing downward or earthward in the
water is geotropic. One which is at
tracted toward chemicals is chemitrop
ic. One which is highly influenced by
believe in persecution or prosecution. Prosecute a fanatic and you
make him an apostle with an enthusiastic following. No conversion
Is possible on those terms.
We cannot force a man to call in a doctor and be saved. Still
less can we force him to take the doctor's medicine. For such people
there is no method but reasonable conviction and a definite proof
that medicine is, on the whole, more likely to do good than harm.
If we try any other means our jails would soon be crammed with
healthy prisoners who had refused to take their medicine.
The case appears to me a very different matter when a man
or a woman sets up business as a faith healer, even at the moderate
conversation of whatever the patient may feel called upon to donate
to the healer's purse. An invalid is always at a disadvantage, and
in this case man's necessity is the quack's opportunity.
I dc not say that all faith healers who take money for their
"treatments" are impostors, nor all their patients dupes and de
ceived. I only do say that such a method seems curiously designed
for the benefit of knaves. Against knaves of all kinds the law ia
supposed to protect the innocent and even the foolish.
In this country we read frequently of faith cure cases, perfectly
authenticated, where by the Coroner's verdict death has been de
clared due to neglect. Frequently public opinion for the time is very
strong against the friends or parents of the deteased because no
recourse had been had to proper medical assistance. The faith
healer, however, escapes and bears nothing more grevious than the
temporary odium. I have never known of an instance where any
faith-healer has been punished by law, though recently in England
a number <of indictments have been found against a sect called "The
Peculiar People"; they are another form of faith-healers.
• * *
(G. Bernard Shaw Btands at the head of English Christian
Scientists.)
It is impossible not to be struck by the completeness with which
medical science has now usurped the dominion over the public mind
formerly exercised by priestcraft. In
dealing with Christian Scientists it does
not occur to r.ny one to even suggest that
the case against them must, from the
G. BERNARD SHAW.
point of view of genuine science, stand or fall by a statistical in
quiry into the comparative mortality of those who call in physicians
and those who do not.
Some years ago the Colonial Office issued an interesting report
on the condition of the Virgin Islands, from which it appeared that
:>nly one of the islands had a doctor, and that people died faster
on that island than on any other. It may, of course, be that th<i
Island was a particularly unhealthy one, but there was nothing in
the report to that effect.
Suppose it should turn out that Christian Scientists have the
same advantage over' their neighbors as the undoctored Virgin
[slanders had over the doctored ones. Would It not then be our
luty to prosecute the people who call in doctors?
Again, if we make it a crime not to call in a doctor we must
make it equally a crime not to take his prescription. If he pre
scribes brandy for a teetotaller, meat for a vegetarian, marriage
for an ascetic, he must be obeyed. (
neighboring electric currents, as has
been supposed of some of the food of
the rayfish, is said to be electrbtropic.
For instance a piece of crab's meat
placed against the cilia of the anemone
was at once pushed over into the cen
ter of the animal and, for want of a
better word, was swallowed. A piece
of paper or a grain of sand was rejected
immediately and pushed away from
the animal. Dr. Parker experimented
to find that po.assium chlorate was the
essence of crab's meat. He soaked a
piece of blotting paper with the chemi
cal and placed it against the cilia of an
anemone. It was at once drawn into
the stomach of the creature and it is
to be presumed was much enjoyed.
Experiments of this kind will be per
formed continually in the new labora
tory, not only on the lower but on the
higher forms as well. The sense of
smell indeed will be tested in many ani
mals as to distance, intensity and
memory, and also to see whether the
general sense is blu.ited when the ani
mal is captured and domesticated.
The difference between the wolf and
the dog will be an interesting point of
comparison. In the same way ihe
hearing of animals will be tested by
various devices, as will also the mem
ory of events and the imagination.
Do animals dream? .Evidently they
do and have nightmares, too, if cer
tain tales are to be believed. The as
sumption will be tested at any rate,
although the exact mode of procedure
is not yet stated.
Animals That Shake Hands
How animals communicate with one
another has always been an interesting
question, and the subject will be taken
up with increased vigor by the students
of the experiment station. Sir John
Lubbock established the fact that ants
of certain species have a method of
shaking hands and passing the time of
day by stroking one another with their
antennae. This stroking process evi
dently encompasses a wide range of in
formation, for the affairs of a whole
colony seem sometimes to become re
adjusted because of it. But just what
is the inner process of the communica
tion no one seems quite able to say.
Does this stroking vary infinitely in
pressure, as does the delicate touch of
a blind man's fingers, or is there in ad
dittion a passage of sound with the
Rl far below the range of the human
Perhaps our scientists will arrive
ie meaning yet.
o Find Why Monkeys Can't Talk,
cording to Professor Edwin G.
Conklin, who has been instrumental in
establishing the animal experiment sta
li. there is no apparent reason why
nkeys should not be Induced to talk
some civilized language; just which
is not decided. It would be out of
question to have a dog speak, for
vocal organs are not of the proper
pc to make speech, yet it has im
ved wonderfully on its savage an
cestor. The monkey, on the other hand,
has never brought forth successive
generations in captivity, yet it has its
human vocal organs ready made. The
question remains, then. What would
be the ultimate effect of environment?
Would it speak finally?
Curious Habit-; of Dogs.
All this comes under the head of com
parative psychology, and by means of
it Professor Conklin and his confreres
If he is a believer in bleeding. In the universal efficacy of mercury
as a medicine, in any or all of the various antitoxines now fashion
able, the patient must submit. He may be perfectly aware that emi
nent medical authorities out of his reach regard these things as in
finitely worse than prayer or anointing, which can at least do no
harm. I leave out of the question the fact that the medical profes
sion has its proportion of drunkards, foois and scoundrels (a doctor
has Just been sentenced to death here). Yet out of sheer credulity
as to the infallibility of the medicine man we are drifting into a
legal procedure which gives them a legal authority over our bodies
which would overthrow any government which should venture to
claim it for the Throne, the Church, the House of Commons or any
Dther authority in the land.
I should add that I am not a faith-healer— at least not in the
technical sense. I am at present in the hands of doctors whose
surgical skill, clinical knowledge, good sense and humanity I know
how to value. But then I can choose my doctors and laboring peo
ple very often cannot. I am not so poor as to be obliged to employ
those failures and drunkards of the profession upon whom our wage
earners in the larger cities must rely.
However. I wish to guard myself against prejudging any really
scientific tests as to the various methods of treatment of disease. I
only insist on the fact that in the absence of such tests the priestic
method is just as authoritative as the medical method.
I merely suggest that while the present onslaught upon faith
healers is made four witnesses be called, to wit: the anointer who
attended the case, and three doctors, aged respectively 65, 43 and 24,
who shall separately be examined into the way in which they would
have treated the deceased.
I venture to predict that the jury, having to choose between the
three different and contradictory versions of the infallibility of science
and one version as to the infallibility of the Bible, will probably
come to the sensible conclusion that people must be left to choose
for themselves between the pretensions of the four rival orthodoxies.
While they are looking into this matter let them prepare careful
statistics. Let them on the one hand place those who die under
medical treatment and those who die under faith treatment along
side of those who recover and see how the balance stands.
It may stand on the side of the medical profession, but I venture
to suggest that possibly it might stand on the other side. Statistics
tell a story which theory cannot easily upset. A fair trial is due to
the faith-healers from a fair judge and by a fair jury, who look at
both sides of the question.
The facts in the Harold Frederic case are, as I understand them,
ii... o ca np adult when suffering from a serious illness, throueh th*»
ATTY. D, DONOHOE JR. j
oordance with the tenets of said sect; that no medicine was admin
istered or prescribed for him, and that he subsequently died, practi-
CaU You/question is, supposing the case to have occurred in this State
Continued on Page Twenty-six.
hope to trace to their origin the many
curious habits which domestic animals
still retain. Why. for instance, does
the dog turn around in a circle when
about to lie down to sleep? It is said
to be a remnant of the days when he
slept wild in leaves and tall grass.
Perhaps it is, but there may be another
reason behind it. Why do pointers
point naturally? Why is the poodle
more capable of doing tricks than the
spitz dog, and so on?
A Roost for Bats.
:.luch attention will be given to the
night flying animals and birds, of
which so little is known. A regular bat
loft will be maintained and the little
animals will be allowed to come and go
at will, but they will be closely
watched. There will be no trouble in
establishing the bats in the loft. It
seems that it is only necessary to keep
bats in a loft for several days until the
odor of the animals permeates the
place. Then, if liberated, they will, like
chickens, come home to roost and bring
other bats with them.
Snakes in the Cellar.
Downstairs, in the cellar of the In
stitution, there will be snakes and
newts and chameleons, whose peculiar
idiosyncrasies will be examined, and
we may soon know more of these ani
mals than ever was dreamed of by
Wood or Shelburne.
It is the hope of the faculty of the
university that the species of investi
gation thus outlined will result in a
broader system of biological teaching
in the public schools generally. It is
far better for the general after life of
the student and infinitely more humane
that he know something more of the
habits and intellectual traits of an ani
mal than of its anatomy.
procurement of a femal ■• inmate of his
household, voluntarily placed himself un
der the care of a professor of the so-called
Christian Science for treatment in ac-
2122
DUMPING OIL OUT OF THE OCEAN
Sioking an Oil Well ir> tbe Oceao
at Sumn)3rland, Near Sarjta
Barbara.
PUMPING oil from away down
below the bottom of the ocean
and up through its waves is
something new in the world, but
this is another of the strange
things that California can show.
Among the many interesting things
to be seen along the coast of Santa
Barbara County in Southern California
is an array of long, roughly built
wharves extending out several hundred
feet beyond the surf at Summerland
and bearing a succession of oil der
ricks, under which the operations of
weH boring, pile driving and oil pump
ing are carried on. These wells are
now yielding about 150 barrels of oil a
day, the oil coming from 300 and 500
feet below the surface of the water and
nearly that far belcrw the ocean bed.
These pelagic oil wells were begun
only about three months or so ago —
Just about the time that the Star of
Empire was plainly noted to be start
ing on another westward trip. State
Mineralogist A. S. Cooper, who is prob
ably the most competent authority in
the State on our great but slightly de
veloped oil and asphaltum resources,
says that elsewhere along the coast oil
bearing formations are known to dip
outward under the sea. This being the
case it is possible that the future may
see similar deep-sea enterprises else
where along the California shore. In
that case, in connection with the great
Pacific development that is stirring into
life, the big ocean might be said to pay
■from the grass ru-ots west."
It is not at all strange that oil-bear
ing strata should be found at accessible
depths under the sea. Very soon after
the development of the Summerland oil
field it was plainly seen that the oil
bearing formation extended seaward.
The geological formation is roughly de
scribed as being in the shape o-£ a
stratified dome. Originally there was
a Hat layer of shale, then a iayer of
sand was deposited, and then, as the
ages went on, another thick bed of
shale overlay the sandstone. Then dur
ing the ages when the Coast Range
was uplifted and folded one of these
iolds occurred where Summerland now
ik located.
Geologisls dispute much as to the
origin of the so-called mineral oils, but
at any rate oil accumulated in the
sandstone strata on each side of the
fold, being confined by the shales. On
the north side surface water naturally
accumulated from higher sources in
the porous strata reached the lowest
depths it could, and rising overflowed.
The lighter oil was floated upward to
be lost on the surface- or was float
ed over the crest through the porous
stratum to help fill the sandy reser
voir which dipped seaward. On this
side the water is not forced upward by
hydraulic pressure "and the oil is not
displaced. So there is oil in the same
formation on one side of the fold and
not on the other. The erosion of ages
wore off the top of the fold, like the
removal of a top section of a cone, and
then sandstone formations outcropped
at two places. On the seaward side
the oil in the sandy stratum confined
by the shales rose to the outcropping
near the top of the high bluff overlook
ing the ocean, and gave surface signs
here and there, signs that two or three
generations left unheeded. At one place
there was a fumarole from which sul
phuretted hydrogen escaped, preventing
any vegetation from growing, and there
was an awesome Spanish legend about
a murder that had cursed the spot.
There were oil springs from which
oozed greasy slime, and some of these
were uncovered at low tide down by
the sea.
Finally in 1895 oil was discovered and
the development of the Summerland oil
field was begun. It comprised the
slope of the bluff for three-quarters of
a mile. The first wells were sunk near
the top of the bluff, and were but 30
to 50 feet deep. The derricks crept down
the bluff, across the railroad and to the
high water line where the oil stratum
lies at a depth of from 250 to 300 feet.
It was plain that the formation
clipped under the sea, but nobody went
after it there until a short time ago,
when an enterprising Mr. Treadwell
created a sensation and brought on a
little civil war in Summerland.
The reason of this brings up a pecu
liar legal situation. The laws of the
State and nation were not framed for
the bottom of the sea. The Federal
land and mining laws and the numer
ous and reversible rulings of the Inte
rior Department are supposed to en
courage and protect the production of
oil and other mineral things on public
land and the State of California has
iaws thereunto. But when Mr. Tread
•THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
well proposed to go to pumping oil at
sea nobody could discover a law to
either stop him or protect him.
The land between the high and low
water mark on the beach belongs to the
State and there are no laws governing
its sale or occunancy in such a case.
Beyond low water mark to the three
mile limit the shelving shore is Uncle
Sam's and he has made no laws gov
erning it. If a man found a rich ledge
nf gold-bearing quartz pitching off into
the sea he could not legally hold it by
nutting a location notice on an anchor-
QUEER INMATES
OF CRANK ALLEY
Its in San Quentin, and the Jailers Cannot Tell What Thejr Erratic
Charges Are Going to Do Next.
IF there is any subdivision of the
San Quentin penitentiary calling
forth more interest than the rest
that spot i? what in the prison
vernacular has been dubbed
"Crank Alley." It is situated between
the first and second buildings abutting
on the east wall of the institution and
is a narrow alley about thirty feet
long, with a gate at each end and cells
only on the southern side. When the
prisoners are not locked up they may
be seen lolling around the alley getting
the benefit of the sun or amusing
themselves in many ways.
"You see," said Warden Hale, "we
/.ave here a number of fellows that are
not insane enough to send to an asy
lum, but are so 'cranky' that they can
not be permitted to mix with the other
convicts on account of the trouble we
should have in making them observe
the rules. These persons generally are
afflicted with melancholia on account
of their confinement, which manifests
itself in a number of curious ways."
Captain Edgar, who has charge of
the inside yard of the prison, happen
ed to be in his office in company with
Dr. Lawler, and both had a deal to
say about this queer corner of the
prison.
"Crank alley is a place where some
pretty strange specimens flourish. We
have to keep them away from the rest
of the men or there is a centinual
clashing. Yet, as a rule, they are com
paratively harmless. They're erratic.
That is where the trouble lies. We
don't require any work of them except
keeping the alley swept clean and their
food is sent to them. Some of them
are kept there for no other reason
than that they made a disturbance
every time they were taken into the
dining-room.
"Take that fellow Cunningham, who
was released from confinement a few
days ago. He used to wear his hair
long— not so long as was reported by
a certain newspaper correspondent,
whose imagination would honor Jules
Verne himself, but down on his shoul
ders He took an oath that he would
not speak a word when he was sent
here from Orange County to serve a
six-year term for burglary, but al
though he broke his word in a week's
time, he developed so many eccentric!
ties that it was only a short time until
he had to be placed in 'Crank alley' I
and kept there until the day he left Jhe i
prison. .
"One day he was in the yard, and
without a word of warning fell in what \
was thought to be a violent fit. He |
was carried to the hospital and placed
on the operating table to receive treat
ment. While Dr. Lawler was busy
preparing a dose of medicine, Cunning
ham rolled off on the floor. Doctor, sup
pose you tell the rest."
"That's what he did." retorted the j
physician cheerfully, "and it was a j
long time before I 'caught on' to him. ;
too. Finally I concluded to let him j
He on the floor and told him he could j
make a bed there if he wished. He
never rolled off the table again, but he
had the fits right along. He would
take them in his cell and in the alley,
in the yard and nearly everywhere it ,
would cause us the most inconvenience.
After a while I concluded the man was
really insane, and on my recommenda
tion the Warden sent him to the In
sanity Asylum at Ukiah, but he never
got there. On the way he managed
to elude the eye of his guard long
enough to escape out of a window and
it was two days before he was recap
tured. He was at once brought back.
I concluded that a man sane enough to
act in that fashion could spend his
term here.
"Well, this thing of Cunningham s
fits ran on for months. One day the
'trusty' who has charge of the alley
came to me and told me he was con
vinced the man was shamming. He
said that Cunningham went into a most
realistic fit a week before and he told
him If another fit occurred Cunningham
would be found dead in his cell, sup
posedly having dashed his own brains
out against the wall. This the 'trusty'
said had the desired effect, an<3 for a
week Cunningham had not had a single
fit. I sent for him and finally he con
fessed that he could bring on these fits
at any time he felt like it. During
the balance of the time he was here we
had no trouble with him."
"Yes," resumed Captain Edgar, "and
this same fellow was one of the most
expert mechanics I ever saw in all my
life. He could make anything he ever
laid his hands to. He used to manu
facture miniature houses out of paper.
Inkwells and everything in the way of
house ornamentation on a delicate
scale were right In his line. There is
a sample of his handiwork on the man
tel," and the speaker pointed to a beau
tiful Inkstand and penholder.
"Then there's Johnny Sansome. He
has been in seven times for various of
fenses and is familiarly referred to as
'Samson.' He is serving a nine-year
sentence for burglary committed in
Placer County. 'Samson* is crazy on
the subject of religion. He has used
up enough paper writing on that sub
ject to make an unabridged dictionary.
He seems to regard the warden. Cap
tain Birlem and myself as a sort of
wicked trinity whose salvation depends
on the number of letters we get every
day on the subject of looking after the
welfare of our souls. We each get one
for breakfast, dinner and supper. The
fellow has kept this up for months, a^i
now and then inquires if any of us
has confessed his sins and joined the
church.
"Then there is another prisoner we
call 'Old Frenchy.' I can't remember
his real name, and it would not inter
est the public, anyhow. 'Frenchv'
wanders round the alley, and every
Ed buoy.
So Mr. Treadwell and those associa
ated with him could neither buy the
sea bottom nor locate claims when they
went to pushing a wharf seaward
across the State's property to the Fed
eral domain. There was a fuss in the
start.
The owners of wells above said he
had no rights there and would lower
the oil away from them and they
mobbed his wharf and chopped it away
between high and low water.
There was no crime and no redress.
time he gets an opportunity he goes
into the prison yard looking for bits of
ribbon, pieces of thread and tin and
such like. These he will sew on the
outside of his coat, and each time a
new article is added to the collection
he will strut up and down for over an
hour with not a word to say, but a
pleased look on his face that might be
worn by a small child.
"There is a big overgrown boy in the
alley named Jackson. Three or four
times a day he takes two large buckets
and goes to get water for all the deni
zens of 'Crank alley.' If anybody else
usurps this prerogative he regards it
as an insult and will complain to every
official whose ear he can reach for a
week. He always walks past the hy
drant and comes around between it and
the wall before turning on the water.
I have seen him walk ten feet past the
hydrant and put himself to the incon
venience of makin~ a large circle in
order to come around between to sret
the water from his favorite position.
"A Chinaman named Ah Gin leaves
his cell and goes out in the alley to eat
his food, no matter whether the sun is
shining or it is raining nitchforks. He
would starve for a week rather than
eat inside his cell. Every time he eats
he takes his coat off and places it over
his head so as to conceal his face.
Then the food is taken up piece by
r-i^ce and eaten out of sight of the
other prisoners.
"By far the most interesting subject
in the place is old 'Bill' Rodgers. This
is his third term and he is serving
fourteen years for stage robbery com
mitted in Lake County. He is six feet
and one inch in height and could make
a lot of trouble if he felt so inclined,
but on only one occasion did he show
any spleen. Some prisoner said some
DIGGING ICE OUT OF THE EARTH
SEVEN miles north and a little to
the east of the Cheyenne Indian
agency in Custer County. Mon
tana, is a well filled with ice that
excites much curiosity among
the ranchers and cattle men of that
section. Every cowboy who visits the
well has much to tell and invariably
advances his own explanation. Many
ingenious theories are given which tend
to indicate that mankind of all degrees
of scientific knowledge put forth an ef
fort to find the origin of things; how
ever, they all agree that the ice forms
in the well during the summer and that
it actually thaws during the winter.
This apparent contradiction of the
natural laws that govern the outside
world has carried the fame of this
well for miles around and people have
traveled great distances to witness the
formation of icicles during the hot
weather of July.
This well is within a few hundred feet
of the summit of the Little Wolf Moun
tains, on the north slope, at the very
beginning of Greenleaf Creek, which
empties into the Rosebud eight miles
below and about fifty miles from where
the Rosebud joins the Yellowstone
River. This portion of the mountains
is covered with a dense growth of tall
pines.
Fourteen years ago three men pros
pecting for silver, mistaking certain
colors in the ricks, began sinking a
shaft; at fifteen feet it was disagree
ably cold; at twenty feet the cold had
increased so rapidly that they were
thoroughly frightened. They could feel
currents of cold air rushing up from
the crevices in the rock; they imagined
they were digging into some mysterious
underground cavern; they had heard
just enough of wonderful adventures
of digging into caves and underground
lakes, and being alone in this wilderness
where the very stillness permitted the
ears to hear and the mind to imagine
all manner of grewsome powers hid be
neath the rock, so thoroughly filled
them with the fear of impending dan
ger that they abandoned the work
which has since gained such renown.
The summits of the Little Wolf
Mountains are covered with scoria,
which has all the appearance and tex
ture of a good grade of tiling. It is
usually red, but varies in color through
all the shades down to black. These
varying colors give the beautiful tints
to the thousands of buttes throughout
the bad lands. In comparatively recent
geological times vast beds of lignite
coal were formed over the eastern half
of Montana extending into Western
Dakota. The burning of these beds of
coal was the beginning of the bad
land formation; the fine deposits of clay
above the coal was burned as brick
are burned in a kiln and formed th<;
scoria; where the heat was greater and
rock or sand was present it melted and
mixed with the coal and coal ash,
forming large cinder-like rocks which
are sometimes mistaken for lava. As
the coal burned out from beneath the
clay, now baked into scoria and melted
into cinders, broke into small divisions
and fell promiscuously down into the
pits thus formed. Volcanic ash ia
found scattered over the Little Wolf
Mountains and the eastern portion of
Montana. It must have drifted with
the wind from powerful eruptions in
It was said to be the scheme to rush
out two wharves along the opposite
sides of the oil field, join them with a
lateral wharf and claim and hold the
whole watery oil field by mere right of
possession.
However, a truce was arranged and
some wharves have been built straight
out from the shore. It appears that
the operators have the legal advantage
of possession until ejected by State or
Federal Government and have about
the same general rights that a party of
fishermen would have to a stranded
thing he did not like and 'Bill' prompt
ly whacked him over the head with a
broom handle. The next day the papers
contained lurid accounts of how he had
assaulted and nearly killed another
convict. with an iron bar.
"This man registered a vow when he
came in that before he v spoke another
word people would think he had lost
the power of speech. For years he
never uttered a word. Every device
expedient was tried to make him say
something, but it was no go. I say
'expedient,' because the man is so large
that the other convicts were afraid to
make him angry. They used to slip
up behind and yell at him, stretch
wires to trip him up, place buckets of
water where he would knock them over
in his cell and even tried to coax him
to speak by promising to give him a
quantity of tobacco. Tobacco finally
triumphed. Somebody stole his supply
one day to see what he would do. Sev
eral days went by and then he ap
proached another prisoner and asked
for a piece of the weed. After that he
spoke freely enough on occasion, but
now and then he is overcome by fits of
moroseness which cause him to go into
his cell and refuse to come out for a
week. During these periods it is dan
gerous for the other inmates to mo
lest him in any way. Nobody realizes
this any better than they.
"It is nearly time to lock up and I
cannot tell you more now. Some day
I will tell of other peculiar characters,
such as the man who tries to imitate a
monkey all day long, and the golf
fiend. Yes, there is a prisoner in there
who practices golf all day long. He's
a great enthusiast. 'Crank alley' is a
great place of its kind."
. ♦ ■
The Bosjesmans in South Central Africa
are exceedingly ugly, and exist almost
in a state of animalism. They dwell in
holes, live on roots and reptiles, and have
very much the appearance of the ape.
The Calmucks of the great Tartar fam
ily are, although more civilized, extreme
ly ugly. They have short, fat noses,
small eyes, high cheek bones, and a pro
truding chin.
■ ♦ ■
Law court records show that the de
fendant wins his case in 47 out of every
cases tri^d.
the Rocky Mountains, as there are no
indications of any volcanic action in
the vicinity of the ice well. The Little
Wolf Mountains are merely a high
range of buttes apparently of the same
origin as all the bad land buttes. Their
summits towering above all the other
buttes has given them the name of
mountains, but they are only of slight
ly over 4000 feet altitude.
If ice were to be put into the well
during the winter it would keep
throughout the summer nearly as well
as if stored away in the ordinary ice
house. By chance nature has formed
almost the identical conditions that
man has made use of to preserve ice
through the hot weather. The shaft is
the cavity in which to store the ice;
the volcanic ash filling into the open
space between the loosely piled rock
serves the purpose of sawdust in keep
ng out the warm draughts of air; the
altitude and the north slope are favor
able to /he preservation of the ice; the
tall, dense forest prevents the heating
of the surface rock by the direct raya
of the sun; the rocks are too porous for
the water to soak up, so to speak, from
beneath; the facts are that in many
places near the tops of the buttes on
the sides where the rocks have fallen
loosely together they are perfectly dry
for many feet below the surface, be
ing moistened by the winter snow and
rain as it may fall and run down from
above.
During the winter the well is nearly
filled with snow; enough water from
the early spring rains finds its way
through between the rocks to mix with
the snow and freeze into one solid mass
of ice. The ice in the well is formed
by the cold of the waiter season, but
doei, not begin to form sometimes till
the winter is half gone; in turn it is
melted by the heat of the summer, but
does not begin to melt until the sum
mer is half over. In the early part
or the summer it is still freezing in the
well, and during the first half of the '
winter it is still melting. The well
acts as a refrigerator. It receives the
heat slowly and then gives it off just
aa slowly. If the earth received and
gave off heat readily the hottest
weather would be in June and the cold
eat in December— in fact, the seasons
fellow nearly a month behind the sun.
The conditions surrounding the ice well
cause it to follow the seasons from six
to eight weeks later. Those visiting
the well during the first half of the
winter find water and those visiting
during the early summer find it still
freezing, even finding small icicles
forming as the water, coming from
above, drips over the rocks on the sides
down near the ice.
It is a fact that, if on a hot day, you
walk rapidly into the cave to where the
ice is, it feels as though a strong cur
rent of cold air were blowing against
your face. The sensation is so decid
edly real that it requires careful dem
onstration to prove to the contrary,
and even then it almost seems as
though the demonstration had Ween a
mistake. It can be easily te#ted by
using smoke, or, better still, a rather
heavy colored glass. Again, if one
should stand without the entrance to
the cave on a very warm day, near
enough to feel any draught that may
be stirring, none can be felt coming
from the cave. If one should stand di
rectly above the ice well on a hot, still
day, "even putting the face down to the
very opening into the well, no upward
draught of cool air can be felt; but go
down into the well and one would state
positively that there was an upward
draught of extremely cold air.
whale. If many more oceanic oil
fields are developed laws and lawyers
will be needed.
At the point of the shore where these
ocean wells are worked the water is
shallow for quite a distance out and at
the end of a wharf, several hundred
feet long, the water is not more than
twenty feet deep.
The wells are drilled exactly as else
where after the pipe is started down
ward in the sand. Four-inch drills are
used and the oil-bearing sands are
struck at a depth of from 300 to 500
HERE ARE THE FACTS
ABOUT DIVORCE
Figures to Show Mow It Increases and Decreases in Different Parts
of the World.
THE statistics of divorce are very
meager. The latest summary
. was by Carroll D. Wright. Com
missioner of Labor, who ' col
lected figures to show the in
crease of divorce for twenty years, be
ginning with 1867. : The following are
his conclusions: jj£
1867. ISB6.
Belgium 130 354
France t 2.181 6,211
England and Wales 130 3.2
Scotland 32 96
Baden 19 I* 3
Bavaria 270 238
Saxony 396 917
Wurtemberg 94 161
Netherlands 133 J1?J 1 ?
Poland 163 34.-,
Sweden 128 226
Switzerland WO 3%
United States 9,937 20,0Z0
Canada had 4 divorces in 1868 and 9
in 1888. _ ,
The German Empire had 5263 di
vorces in 1882 and 8710 in 1889.
Japan had 109,088 divorces in 1890, or
one-third the marriages. Separations
are, however, included.
Connecticut granted 420 divorces in
1886 and 475 in 1891; Indiana, 1655 in
1886, and 2235 in 90 out of 92 counties in
1891. Massachusetts granted 565 di
vorces in 1886 and 1045 in 1893; Minne
sota, 379 in 1886 and 576 in 1892.
Divorce is on the increase every
where except in Italy and Austria. The
increase is seen in countries of the
Greek church, the Lutheran and other
Protestant communions and in some
Roman Catholic countries.
In the United States divorce increases
two and a half times as fast as the pop
ulation.
fgrmers at worK gettir>g their summer supply of Ice out of th«
ice well.
feet, the depth naturally increasing
with distance from shore.
The oil obtained from. under the orean
is lighter and better than that from the
wells on the bluff above.
The wells cost about $5 a foot. The
flow is somewhat interfered with by
accumulations of sandy silt at the
bottom of the wells, which have to be
cleaned out every two or three days.
The ocean water gives no trouble. It
does not leak downward beside the
tiphtly driven casing.
In the United States 65.8 per cent of
the divorces are granted on petition 01
the wife.
In the United States 38 per cent of
the total are granted for desertion, 20
per cent for adultery, 16 per cent for
cruelty and 4 per cent for drunkenness.
These are the legal pleas. They do
not indicate the real causes. Thus,
one-half of all divorces for drunken
ness in the United States occur in Ill
inois. Ohio, lowa and Massachusetts,
which indicates that conditions in those
States favor the use of that plea.
The special examination of 29,665 di
vorce cases in 45 counties in twelve se
lected States shows that in 20.1 per
cent of the whole number intemperance
is a direct or indirect cause. In these
29,665 cases the average period of mar
ried life between marriage and separa
tion was 6.81 years, while the average
period between separation and divorce
was 3.02 years, making 9.83 years from
marriage to divorce.
For the United States the average
married life before divorce for a period
of twenty years, for which the statis
tics was collected, was 9.17 years. As
a rule it is longest in the older States.
Out of the total of 328.716 divorces
granted in these twenty years 25,371
were granted to persons whry had been
married 21 years and over, or. on an
average, 29.65. The largest number,
however, 27,909. had lived together four
years. The next largest, 27,290, three
years; 21,525 had been married two
years and 15,622 only one year.
In 14.6 per cent of the cases the posi
tive statement was made that there
were no children.
Where children appear in divorce
proceedings the average is 2.07 to each
couple.The Fight of Ned McGowen
From The VIGILANTES
This is the first time that
the story of the escape of Ned
McGowan from the Vigilantes
in 1856 has been told. Ramon
Valencia, one of the men who
helped him to escape, has at
last concluded to speak, al
though hundreds of efforts to
get him to do so in the past
have failed. The escape of
Ned McGowan was one of
the most thrilling events of
the days of the Vigilantes, a
reward of $ 10.000 being
placed on the fugitive's head,
as it was thought that he was
implicated in the murder of
James jiing of William. Ra
mon Valencia is an old man
now living quietly in San Ra
fael, but his memory of the
thrilling event is very clear,
and he describes each move
ment of the party in a most
graphic manner.
AFTER the arrest of Casey for
the assassination of James King
of William, by the Vigilance
Committee of San Francisco in
1856, they turned their attention
to finding Ned McGowan, -who it
-eras believed had been implicated in the
crime.
'•Casey was tried and convicted of the
murder," says William T.Coleman, "but
Edward McGowan could not be found.
■ He disappeared from San Francisco,
although every avenue of escape was
watched and guarded by vigilantes. A
year later, when the excitement had
abated, McGowan came back and stood
trial in Sacramento. He was acquit
ted."
How Ned McGowan escaped from the
vigilantes has never been told.
Ramon Valencia, who now lives in
San Rafael, and who aided "Judge"
McGowan, as he was usually called, to
escape the vigilantes, has kept silent
all these years. It was to Valencia
that McGowan owed his life.
Judge McGowan was a very promi
nent figure in politics prior to the days
of the Vigilance Committee. He was
one of the men whose corruption in ad
ministering the government led to the
calling: out of the vigilantes, whose
summary measures hanged or banished
the evil doers without partiality and
also without delay.
McGowan saw his associates in power
banished and Casey hanged for the
murder of James King of William
after a trial lasting four hours. Mc-
Gowan, who had been in hiding in San
Francisco for a month, beean to feel
that it might be his turn next and that
he would be much safer in some other
place.
vHe had a friend, Jim Dennison, a
rich Spaniard, who had married a
daughter of the Guerrero family, and
was a leader among the Spaniards. The.
Spaniards were never too kindly dis
posed to the "Americanos" in the early
days when they still held the land. Den
nison promised to help McGowan. He
•was a young man and ready for any
deed of daring. He went to his friend,
Ramon Valencia, who was married to
Dennison's sister, and was also his first'
cousin, "relations all around." As Va
lencia-was known to be very friendly to
the vigilantes Dennison did not tell him
who McGowan was, but merely said:
"He is a friend of mine. He's got to
get away to-night. If you will help,
come along; but don't ask any ques
tions."
• I said 'all right/ " Mr. Valencia
paid, in telling the* story, "I went
to my mother and told her to give
me what money she had in the house
She gave me $500. Dennison brought
six horses and we went to the Nightin
gale Hotel in the Mission Dolores and
•waited till dark.
"McGowan, who was an Irish-Amer
ican and very fair, had disguised him
self as a negro and was hiding in a
house on Dupont street. Dennison met
him at the Mission creek just before
you come to the old Mission, and Mc-
Gowan washed off the negro disguise
and turned himself into a Spanish va
quero. Then the three of us rode away
about 9 o'clock on the evening of June
30. 1856.
vent by the coast road to Half
monn Bay without incident. When we
came n^ar Spanlshtown we knew that
yre would have difficulty.
•Everybody knew Dennison and me,
po \yo left MrGowan hiding with the
« three extra horses and rode up to the
Hotel. Tt was about noon and there
a lot of rnr-n sitting around on the
V< L r . a w ' )f " ''" s " we did not know
Which of them were vigilantes.
I did not know tlvn that it was Mc-
Gowan who was with us, but 1 knew
he was some one who wasn't any too
anxious to meet the vigilantes. Well,
Jim asked all the men to have some
thing to drink. We all went in, and
then he said he and I h*. 1 been to a fan
dango the nitfht before, and that our
P<=rvant had drunk and danced more
was good for him.
"I treated all arrnmd and we ex
plained that wh were going to Los An
geles to buy horses for the Government
' 'Yes, and we ought to b* «, n the ko '
put In Dennison: 'we have lost "time
enough with that vaquero.' And then
hr> swore a little and we all had sottip
thJng more to drink. ° Some
Z v.-,.nt out then, for it was time for
McOowaa to be in P)p ht. I saw him
coming down the road with the horses
He was making for the back doi^but
I Bwore at him and Bhouted: '
lt ;;'HI! Come herr.. and be quick about
"While I stood there a big man I had
never seen before shifted toward me
and whispered quietly: What are you
tfoing to do v.;th McGowan? rm mi
friend, but the rest here ain't '
"He went back In the hotel quietly
and Jim came out swearing at th» sun
posed vaquero because h<- had been so
slow coming up with thf horses We
didn't waste any time getting away
from that place. AH the men were
, -watching for McGowan, and they would
"Knave made quick work of us had they
detected his disguise, but we rode away
right under their noses.
"Ab soon as we were out of sight of
the hotel I turned to Dennison and
said: 'Jim, I want to know who this
fellow is. He is a pleasant spoken man
and I'll stick to him, but I want to
know who he Is.'
" 'He's Judge McGowan,' said Jim.
"I was mad. If I had known the kind
of job we were on I should have se
lected a different route. I could have
taken McGowan by a trail where even
the birds would not have seen him. But
it was too late to change the routes,
and we gallopei along. McGowan rode
along the beach and the wind blew his
hair and he looked as if he was sorry
for something. I asked him if he did
have anything to do with the killing of
James King of William, and he re
plied:
" 'Before God. Ramon, I had no more
to do with it than you did.' I believed
him.
"That night we came to Mrs. Gun
salus' rancho. and we told her Mc-
Gowan was a priest. We said he had
just come to California and was visit
ing all the missions before he decided
at which one he would locate. She was
all right and very glad to have a priest
stay all night at her house, for she was
very pious. .
"McGowan was afraid he might be
called on to say prayers. He didn't
know as much about prayers as he did
about some other things.
"So he said he felt sick. He wasn't
used to riding, and what he said was
pretty true, but he was hungrier than
any sick man.
"Mrs Gunsalus cooked a fine supper
for us and McGowan didn't eat as much
as he wanted because he was afraid
she might want him to pra- But she
put us up a fine luncheon and we left
her house very early in the morning.
"Neither Jim nor I knew any one who
lived in that district. We were near
Santa Cruz and we didn't like to go
through the town. When it was dark
we came to a ranch. I went ahead to
see who was there, for all teamsters
and travelers had to camp or stop at
the ranches.
"When I rode up to the door the man
said he was* Juan Jose Castro. I told
him I was Ramon Valencia.
" 'Ah, Ramon Valencia! You have
been in Los Angeles?'
" 'Yes, many times.'
'• 'You are the Ramon Valencia who
saved the life of my son, Guadaloupe
Castro, when he was in Los Angeles?'
" 'Yes,' I answered. 'I believe I did
save Guadaloupe.'
" 'He called Guadaloupe: 'Come, my
son, is this not the man who saved
your life in Los Angeles?' The
man came in and he said, 'Papa, it is.'
"Then Castro called all his family to
come and kiss me. They put their arms
around me and kissed me, all, and said
everything they had was mine. There
were some young ladies in the family,
single, too, and they all kissed me.
Then I told Castro that there was a
priest with me, and my brother-in-law
and cousin, Jim Dennison.
" 'Your friends, are they not my
friends? All that is mine is - theirs.
Bring them here.'
"He sent Guadaloupe with me and
we brought Jim and the judge up to
the house.
"Well, Mrs. Castro and every one else
made us feel at home and they made a
banquet for us. Before we sat down to
eat a band of musicians came. They
were on the way to another ranch,
Alisal, where they were to play for a
dance the next night.
" 'We'll have a great fandango to
night to celebrate our friends' visit,'
said Castro. So they sent riders out
and invited the neighbors, and they
all came.
"Next morning Castro sent his son
with us as far as San Luis Obispo. He
knew everybody and everybody knew
him, so we just rode along quiet and got
through Santa Cruz and San Luis
Obispo all safe without anybody notic
ing us. We met plenty of vigilantes,
and we frequently talked with them
about the watch being kept up to catch
McGowan.
"We did not stop in the towns at
night, but stayed at ranches. After
passing San Luis Obispo Guadaloupe
Castro left us and we came to the ranch
Alisal, owned by a man I knew, Fran-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
Cisco Arcia. He was a man full of
shrewdness and tricks and I did not
like him very well, but there was no
place better to stop.
• We had supper all right and were
smoking. Arcia kept watching Mc-
Gowan, who got nervous and finally
said he was tired and guessed he would
go to bed. After he was gone Arcla
turned to me and Jim and said: "That
man doesn't look like a priest.'
"We told him we knew him well, and
that he was all right. But Arcia was
not satisfied and declared emphatically
two or three times: "He don't look like
no priest.'
"We were glad to ride away in the
morning. It was pretty hcrt that day,
but we did not like to stop because it
was a dangerous neighborhood. At
night we came to Joaquin Estrada's
rancho. There were a lot of people
there. Jim rode up to see what he could
disco-ver. He heard some men talking.
They had just come up from San Luis
Obispo and they were watching for Me.
Gowan, for the vigilantes were afraid
he had got away from San Francisco
in spite of them.
"We decided that a haystack would
be a good enough place for us that
night, so we found one and sat down,
after we had taken the saddles off the
horses and given them some fodder.
We had some things to eat that we
had brought from Castro's, so we had
our supper and made comfortable
beds in the hay and went to sleep.
"McGowan was almost worn out. He
had never ridden much and we had
been hammering along at the rate of
fifty miles a day.
"Near morning some teamsters who
had been in the house came out to sleep
in our haystack. We pretended not to
hear them, tut we were all three awake
and listening.
•' 'Would you know him If you saw
him 7 ' one asked; and another said:
'Know McGovan? I bet I would, just
as easy as I'd know you. Ten thou
sand dollars is the reward for him. It's
a good lot. He ought to hang, any
how, and I'd be glad to have hold of the
rope. That I would.'
"We listened and kept quiet till the
men were asleep. Then I whiapered to
Jim, 'Let's travel,' and McGowan
thought so, too.
"At the same time we did not like
to seem to run away, because every one
was suspicious and every one was look
ing for McGowan. We waited till it was
almost daylight and then got up and
put on the saddles as quietly as we
could but one of the teamsters woke up
and said: 'What's your hurry, neigh
bors?'
"I answered. 'Oh, we're going to
Castro's. He's got 18,000 acres of land
and he wants to sell it for four-bits an
acre. We want to get the cool of the
morning to ride In.'
" 'Going north?'
" 'Yes; we've just come up from Los
Angeles.'
"I told him we were going north so
as to put him off the scent if he should
suspect anything. I threw my scrape
over McGowan and told him to pretend
to be a vaquero instead of a priest.
The teamster spoke to him, but Mc-
Gowan pretended he could not under
stand English and went on getting our
horses ready while I talked to the man.
"We had to ride north for a ways.
Then we made a circle and turned
south again.
"We came to the Guadaloupe ranch
and Jim said, 'Let's stop here for
awhile,' but I said, 'We'd better keep
traveling,' and so we did. The Judge
was almost exhausted by this time.
You see he was a city man and not
used to riding or roughing it. It was
hot, too, and he was not used to the
heat. Then he felt nervous under the
strain of c\ r ery one wanting to hang
him, for we kept hearing threats every
where. When we came to the old Mis
sion St. Ignace he insisted on stopping.
" We better keep moving,' I argued.
" 'Let's see if we can't get something
to eat,' he pleaded.
" 'We better travel,' I insisted, and
we did. We were riding over St. Ig
nace Mountain and he was exhausted
and awfully discouraged. He had two
'Colts' and a dagger and he kept
taking out his guns and saying he was
tired of it all anyhow.
"Jim and I rode ahead a little and I
said to Jim, 'We must get those guns
away from him or he'll kill himself
" 'So we must,' Jim said, and we laid
our plan. W r e were riding through a
very wild locality and we had no guns
so I went back to the Judge and said,
'There is a bear over there; let me have
your gun.' He let me have it. Then
Jim said, 'Let me have the other gun
and your knife and I'll go and see what
sport Ramon routs out.'
"Well, he gave Jim the gun and knife
and we rode ahead and into the chap
arral and fired them off. Then we
came back and said we had made a
mistake about the bear, but we would
keep the guns so if we did come across
any game we could have a shot.
"That night we got to Ortega's ranch,
about five miles from Santa Barbara.
McGowan was so stiff he could hardly
walk. He was all worn out. Jim and I
both knew Ortega well and knew he
was all right. We told him who Mo-
Gowan was. He was awfully surprised,
but he said that our friends were his
friends and that we had better stay
and rest till McGowan was all right, for
Santa Barbara was the worst place on
the road for us. He had been in town
the day before and a crowd of vigi
lantes had come down on the boat
from San Francisco and they were
looking for McGowan.
"We didn't tell the Judge what Or
tega had said, but we decided to take
Ortega's advice, and the Judge was
very glad of a chance to rest.
"This was on July 3, and Ortega told
us there was to be a big celebration
and dance in town next day, the
Fourth. We knew plenty of people
there, and so we said we would go In
for the dance and have some fun.
"We left McGowan with Ortega, and
we felt perfectly secure about him be
cause we knew every one would be in
Santa Barbara.
"We had been going around seeing
some friends, when I sudden'- noticed
people running from one place to an
other. Jim and I were on horseback
and in front of a store talking when
some one came up beside me and whis
pered: 'You're in a bad fix. Skip! Ride
for your life.'
"We didn't know what was up, but
Jim and I didn't stop to ask. We slid
out and went to the hotel kept by Jack
Power.
'He told us that McGowan was In
town and had been asking for us.
'• 'Where is he?' I asked Power.
" 'He's in that room.'
"1 went in and there was McGowan.
A pile of carpet had been taken off the
floor and the Judge was sitting on it.
"I asked him why he came into town.
I was pretty mad. He lay down and I
rolled him up in the carpet and said
to him:
" 'They'll hang us in two minutes if
they catch you. Don't move.'
"I called to Power to make me a
claret frappe and one for Jim, and then
we got out quick on the porch and were
drinking when a big crowd came up.
"Where's McGowan?" they shouted.
"'I don't know. I haven't seen him,'
I answered.
" 'You brought him down here. He s
your priest. Come, tell the truth.'
" 'No, is he?'
" 'Give him up; if we can't get him
we'll hang you instead.'
"I told them I didn't know anything
about McGowan.
"Jim slipped aside and caught hold
of a Spanish boy, Chile Carnato, and
told him to run around the house to
the front and tell the crowd that he
had seen an American running toward
the lake.
Chile ran around to the front of the
house and screamed, 'I know where
he is.'
" 'Where?' demanded the crowd.
" 'I saw an old Americano running
toward Tule Lake.'
" 'That's McGowan, that's McGowan. 1
and the whole mob ran toward the lake.
"They set fire to the tules in the lake
and burned the whole lake to find
him.
"The Mayor, Antonio Marcla Korelga,
came and took Jim and me to jail. He
said we would be better off there if the
mob did not find McGowan.
"After we had gone to jail Power
stood in front of his house and asked
every one who they were looking for.
" 'Ned McGowan,' they answered,
'and we've got the rope to hang him.'
" 'Well, I - \e got him in my houne;
come in and get him,' said Power. He
kept them from searching the house
that way. He was a good friend of ours
and McGowan, too. McGowan heard
Power tell them that he was in the
house as many times as he could stand
It, for he wasn't sure of Power.
"While one crowd was burning the
lake and the rest were escorting: Jim
and me to Jail, he climbed out of the
window and got away.
"Very soon the mob came back from
burning the lake and of course they
didn't find McGowan. It was dark by
this time and they all went to the
dance.
"We heard the music and it did not
make us like our quarters any better.
The jail was only one big room in an
adobe building; it was the basement
and the courtroom was overhead.
There was only one prisoner, a very
nice fellow he seemed to be, too, and
very brave. I don't know who he was
or what became of him.
"About 9 o'clock we heard a voice
outside the jail door say: 'Can't you
get the keys?'
" 'No; old has gone and he's
taken them.'
" 'Then we'll have to use the crow
bar. Tom, you and Mike brin- as
many as you can find. McGowan has
got away through them and now he'll
have to hang through them.'
"Jim and I knew, of course, what
that meant. The other prisoner said:
'They can easily get in and they'll hang
you sure. Maybe they'll take me, too.
We must flght for it.'
"Jim and I still had McGowan's re
volvers, so we were prepared to kill
two or three of the mob before they
could get us.
"While they were talking an old In
dian with a candle in his hand came
peeking through the bars of the win
dow on the opposite side from the door
where the mob was.
"I wrote a note to a friend who
was at the dance: 'Please call at the
jail at once with ten good men. Hurry,
or Jim and I will be hung in five min
utes.'
"I passed the note and $2 to the In
dian and told him to run as fast as he
could and give the note to my friend.
Antonio Bernato, who was at the
dance.
"The Indian disappeared. We could
hear th;? mob talkine and calling for
some or/c to hurry with the crowbar.
"Pretty soon we he;.rd a bi^er row.
The fighting and shouting kept up for
a good while before Antonio pounded
on the door and said he was there with
enough men to keep the mob from tak
ing us.
"Our friends stayed all night and
kept guard. I was not sorry when I
saw the daylight beginning to come in
through the bars of our window.
"The vieilantes took us out about 10
o'clock and we were tried. We exnJain-
Ed that we were going to Los Angeles
to buy horses for the Government and
the man they asserted was McGowan
had told us he was a priest and
asked to ride with us because he
did not know the way. We both
told a straight story and they let
us go. but Santa Barbara was too hot
a town for us to stay in any longer
than we had to, so we started south
as fast as we could. We were unable to
discover the new whereabouts of Mc-
Gowan and so were our friends.
"A few years after I met him in San
Francisco and he told me he had been
for ten months hiding at the ranch of
Dr. Derm near Santa Barbara.
"The trip cost me about $1500. but
McGowan could never pay any of the
money back. He lost everything he
had.
'In 1893 Mr. Coleman. who had been
the head of the vigilantes, came to me
and said: 'Ned McGowan is sick and
wants to see you.' We visited him to
gether. I was sorry to see him so
broken down in spirit as well as in
health. He used to be such a fine, brave
man. If I had had a place to offer him
i. would have brought him to my home
to die.
Mr - Coleman gave him $20 and said:
There was never any personal feeling
against you on my part, Mr. McGowan.'
"McGowen seemed glad to hear it. He
said he had been over most of the
world, but he wanted to come here to
San Francisco to die.
"Afterward, through the efforts of the
old pioneers who had known him, Mc-
Gowan was taken to St. Mary's Hospi
tal, where he died In 1893 at 80 years
of age." HELEN GRAY.
As an evidence of how rapidly th«
forests of Pennsylvania are being cut
away it is cited that in 1888 Westmoreland
County had 153,717 acres of timber land,
and within the past ten years there has
been a decrease of over 80,000 acres of
this timber area.
2324
PHILIP LATTIMER`S THANKSGIVING
I'M so turrible afraid he's goin' to keep Thanksgivin 1 agin'!" Biggs,
in the privacy of his kitchen, communed aloud as usual. His
serious, long countenance was lengthened arid solemnized yet
more.
"It looks like it. Things are a-p'intin'. What'd he say to me
this very mornin' ever was— says he to me, Biggs, see't there's plenty •
o' raisins on hand an' all the seasoning'— what'd he say that to me
for? Don't that mean Thanksgivin' fixin's? Answer that, if you can,
Bolero Biggs'."
Bolero Biggs merely groaned. It was unanswerable. Mister
Philup was goin' to celebrate again this year. The raisins settled
it, an' the seasontn's.
"This'll make the third one. I did hope he was gettin 1 over it!
You needn't tell me Mister Philup ain't the gettin' over kind. Bolero
Biggs—l reckon I know that as well as you do! But there's such a
thing as the softenin' o' time. He's had most three years to come
round in."
For a time there was a cessation of the low. monotonous voice,
and only the imperative tick of the kitchen clock and occasional
sharp little explosions under the stove lids broke the silence, Then
a bell rang with an Impatient twang. . . ,
"There he goes again!— third time this evenin 1 . More raisins an
sdlcgs ' ' ' f
Biggs hurried through the spacious, lighted halls to his master s
library. On the way his rough, unhandsome face softened pleasantij..
It always softened on the way to that lonely room. iV , QT . Q . Q
"Sic down. Biggs. What are you standing up for when there s
a chair at your heels?" , , . . .
Philip Lattimer spoke sharply, with short nervous jerks in his
voice. His refined, pale face was set in unbroken gloom.
"Well, Mister Philup?" 
Biggs had been sitting on the edge of a chair five minutes, wait
ing, before he spoke. Philip Lattimer woke out of a revery at the
sound of his voice.
"Zounds, man, you here? How long in the name of common
sense have you been tilting on that chair?" >f
"Since you rung for me, Mister Philup— no longer nor no shorter,
Biggs said cheerfully. He was used to this.
"O, did I ring? Yes, yes, it was about the turkey. Now I re
member."
The cheer faded out of poor Biggs' face and left it lusterless.
"I merely wanted to say that I will attend to that part— the
turkey. You are to see to all the rest, you understand. I shall have
everything as it was last year— everything. Now, go."
An,] Bijrers. on the wav back to the kitchen, groaned intermittently,
SHORT STORIES TOLD
BY THE RETURNED WHALERS
THERE is no mistaking the re
turned whaler, just landed with
his pockets full of dollars after a
a profitable cruise. He is not to
be seen at the docks, where the
curious, squat, old-fashioned
Bedford sailing ships lie. By the side ..f
the modern steamer, these bluff-bowed,
square-sterned craft look like survivors
of a prehistoric period of navigation.
But all the same they arc Btrong, b«>
vlceable vessels; they have faced the
bitter cold and the crushing ice of the
Arctic for years, and now they are
slowly disgorging huge casks of evil
smelling oil, and { reat bundles of
whalebone.
But the men who, with infinite toil
and hazard, made these great catches
are not there. The ship they have Look
ed upon as their home for years has no
longer any Interest for them. The more
modern steamers at the Arctic Oil
works are similarly deserted. The
whaler has bought himself a new rig
out and is taking In the town.
Down on Mission street, close to th»
water front, you will find a curious lit
tle office. It is modest and retiring. The
dingy glass doors bear no indication of
the bi'^jr.-— ; carried on within. There
is simply the name J. Laflin, and that is
all. Inside is a large, square room,
■bounded as to its northernmost end
with a high counter. The walls are
hung with wonderful and fearful nau
tical prints of a past generation, in
which huge whales are to be seen de
vouring boats at a mouthful, and
sturdy ships sail with ease over the
top of icebergs. A few roughly dress
ed men are seated on the benches, but
no business is going on.
"You won't find the whalers here
now," said Laflin. "Try the outfitting
houses." Laflin is a kind of broker or
financial agent for the whaleman; h
signs him on the articles at the com
mencement of a voyage and adjusts the
delicate question of "lays and shai
at the end, so that each man receives
fairly what is due to him. Therefore
none know the habits of the returned
whaler better than he.
He was right about the outfitting
houses. The first place I struck was
simply crowded with recently landed
sailors. Their boxes and bags covered
the floor; dunnage of all kinds was
scattered about, relics won from the
Arctic after a three years' voyage.
There were huge mammoth tusks, care
"PATSY: YOU BOOST HIM."
'ully wrapped in canvas; mountain
sheep and deer horns, furs and skins i
in every variety. The fat little Jewish
proprietor had much ado to get about
his own store and transact any busi- j
Dess at all.
Hut the most curious sight was the |
raptain, a great, burly, blue clad man,
who was off in a hurry to visit his i
friends in the East. For this purpose i
it was necessary to pack his belongings
in a form suitable for a long car jour- '•
ney. Obviously the chest he had brought
ashore with him would not do. It
stood in th f ; center of the store, a mas- \
slve wooden structure, as large as a i
small house, and weighing about half I
a ton.
"They charge 50 cent a pound for ex- i
tra baggage," growled the captain. "It i
won't do. Bring me a trunk."
An obliging salesman produced a i
modern trunk of the usual pattern.
When the skipper threw open the ii<l
of his box — it had once been the Bhip's
trade chest — the most astonishing col
lpctlon of odds and ends was revealed i
to view; all the leavings of a long voy
age. There were pipes and tobacco,
packages of medicines and herbs, deer
skin coats and moccasins and, most
prized of all, a very fine pair of nar- !
"THE BLIZZARD CAME UP SUDDFNLY
AND THE HUNTERS WERE LOST."
THE SAX FHAIS T CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, TSTOTEMBER 20, 1898.
and as one without hope.
Tnere were two days left before Thanksgiving day. Biggs spent
them In the kitchen, among vegetables and spicy aromas. Rapidly
the shelves of his neat little pantry tilled up from end to end. But
there was no pleasant elation on his face, there was no spice of
anticipation among his other spices.
Once Philip Lattimer visited the kitchen during those two days —
oijly once. Then it was to say, tersely:
"Remember the little pies, Biggs— three of them, graduated."
"O, lofdy. Bolero Biggs, he ain't forgot that!" groaned Biggs,
under his breath, when his master was gone. "I vow I did reckon on
his gettin' over them three little gradooated pies by this time! I
reckoned on it last year — but, lordy, this!"
He set to work on the little pies. He made three of them, on
plates of graduated sizes. They came out of the oven brown and
flaky, as little children like them.
"Philly's, Comfort's an' the Little Uns," he told them off, as he
placed them away on a shelf. How many times he had made those
little pies'.
The big grand dining-room was set in prime order— it was only
opened on Thanksgiving day now. The chairs were rubbed to a new
polish, and the beautiful shining floor as well. All the hangings
were shaken and the pictures dusted. Biggs tried to whistle as he
worked. Mr. Philup's library was next door to the dining-room and
Mr. Philup could hear everything. He heard Biggs' plaintive whistle
and a faint shade of appreciation lightened the gloom of his bitter
face for a moment.
"That whistle comes hard — the poor beggar!" he murmured.
On the afternoon preceding Thanksgiving Philip Lattimer put by
his books and went out among the holidaying crowds on the streets.
They jostled him and peered — some of them — into his solemn face,
curiously. Their faces were not selemn. Now and then he met a
grandfather coining from the station with a following of eager
faced, staring little country children— or a big son with his old father
and mother. Now and then he met a house-mother out for the last
few accessories for her dinner to-morrow. And children — children
were everywhere. They hurt him most.
"There are only two things to do,' and then I can get out of it,"
he muttered.
There were the flowers to select for the table, and the turkey to
Bee .'itx-ut. Then, thank the Lord, he could go horne — away from' the
motherb and the little children. What kind of preparation were they
for to-rr.orrow's ordeal?
The flowers were soon chosen and ordered sent up. Then Philip
Lattimer turned wearily toward the meat markets — the very centers
and pivots of all the cheery bust'^ and confusion.
A little group of shabby children had h lted in front of the one
he selected. Their shrill, high voices assailed his ear insistently, as
whal tusks. It was these tusks which
caused all the trouble. The skipper got
alone: with his repacking very well, for
f 'THE BOAT APPROACHED WITHIN
TWELVE FEET AND THE BOMB WAS
FIRED."
he packed after the simple masculine
method, which is to throw the bundles
of clothing or what not into the box
end stamp them down with your foot.
The trunk was nearly full when he
came to the- narwhal tusks, and here
he stuck. No device known to nautical
ingenuity could induce these tusks to
fit In; whichever way you tried them,
they were always just an inch or so too
long. There was nothing for it but to
begin all over again, and- as the re
sources of the store were exhausted, to
ransack- the town for a Saratoga of
suitable proportions.
<mi the benches around the wall sat
the less important men, mates and boat
Bteerers and so on. They all wore new
clothes of a distressing similarity in
cut and pattern; their shirts were of
soft striped silk, their neckties of gor
geous hue. They were all sober and
sedate, with fresh, clear complexions
and tough and wiry frames, as become
men who have spent their years in a
healthy open-air occupation.
They talked willingly enough about
he paused a minute outside.
"Now you choose, Patsy. Which one'll you take? I choose that
or-r-ful big 'un."
"So do I, too — huh, you s'pose I'm goin' to choose a little 'un,
Minervy Bemis?" %
Minervy was evidently the commander-in-chief. She had mar
shaled her little forces in shipshape order, in a straight row facing
the line of dangling turkeys. All the small, lean faces were thrown
back to command a good view.
"Now you, S'lome — quick, choose! We ain't goin' to stan' here
all day. We've got to go home and cook it. Hurry up!"
"The big 'un," cried S'lome, glibly.
"The big 'un! the big 'un!" shouted all the little sharp voices.
"Then it's the big 'un, o' course. It takes everybody to make a
majority. Now, you can all poke him. I'll begin, then Patsy, then
S'lome, down to Cornwally — Patsy, you boost him."
One by one in a grave procession they tiptoed up and prodded
the great, plump body of the largest turkey in the line with little
forefingers. Patsy "boosted" the baby.
"There!" sighed the commander-in-chief, with evident relief,
"that's done. I'm goin' in now. Patsy, you keep 'em behavin'—
S'lome, don't you pinch nobody."
Mirervy and Philip Lattimer went In together. Philip Lattimer
was oddly resentful toward the small, brisk little figure. That chit
of a child going to buy the finest turkey of them all! She was
wizened and shabby — very shabby. The whole little tribe out there
was very shabby. Didn't look as if the lot of 'em together ever ate
a. whole drumstick in their lives! And here was their governor gen
eral marching in here to buy a costly turkey— the turkey Philip
Lattimer wanted.
The proprietor hastened forward, rubbing his palms together.
"Ah, Mr. Lattimer— glad to see you, sir. Ah— what can I do for
you to-day?"
"Wait on the child first," Philip Lattimer said, briefly, standing
back fc>2 the little shabby figure to advance.
Minervy felt about nervously in the pockets of her dress, and
produced a few pennies. She held them out in her little open hand.
"I want them wuth o' meat," she piped, importantly. "The kind
that's cheap, with bone an' gristle in, you know. If — if you could
put in quite a hunk," she added, rather wistfully.
When the bundle was ready she trudged away with it contentedly.
In utter amazement Philip Lattimer followed her to the door.
"I've got him in here," announced the commander-in-chief to her
little troops outside. "Now we'll go along home an' cook him. Come
on — " But suddenly her eyes Hashed indignantly. Salome was look
ing up at the great bird on the line wistfully.
"S'lome Bemis, ain't you ashamed? Didn't I say 'twouldn't be
no fair to look afterwards? I'm dis'pointed in you; yes, I am!
What's the good o' makin' b'lieve if you ain't fair?"
Minervy's shrill voice was tremulous with growing wrath. S'lome,
diminished and ashamed, caught up the baby and hid her face be
hind his mop of soft hair. "I didn't look, Minervy," cried Patsy,
pinching Salome's arm viciously. "I never."
"Nor me neither," trilled little Grissel. turning her back resolutely
to the display of turkeys. "Me neid," piped Cornwally.
Ah! Philip Lattimer turned back into the market slowly. Now
he understood the little tableau. The shabby children were making
believe. A make-believe Thanksgiving — well, what was his Thanks
giving to be but that? He smiled bitterly, bitterly.
"I'll send it right up, sir — right up' the proprietor was saying
blandly in his ear. He heard him distantly as if he were far off in
another world, or in a dream. "It's a fine bird, Mr. Lattimer, the
biggest one on the street. You're in luck to find it here as late as
this. Only come in this morn — "
"Do you know anything about that child?" interrupted Philip
Lattimer's crisp tones.
"Child — child, sir?" questioned the man in perplexity.
"Yes, yes, the child who bought the turk — the lump of meat a
few minutes ago."
"O — afc — yes, that little beggar. No, I don't know — hi, Jim, ever
see that tittle scrub that was in here jest now buyin' scrap meat?"
Jim laughed easily. .
"See her every mornin' an' night. Lives 'longsider me. Ma's
died an' there's a whole raft o' young un?. Pa's a wiper down to the
yards — he's in the horspital. Got pretty nigh wiped out!"
The proprietor turned to his customer with a wave of his hand.
"Thero, you have it, sir — whole story," he smiled.
"Yes, yes — the whole story," repeated Philip Lattimer, absently.
Already his interest in the little episode had waned.
That evening a curious whim seized him to go out into the kitchen
and watch Biggs dress the turkey. He had been pacing restlessly up
and down — up and down, till he could bear the monotony no longer.
And certainly he could not bear to sit still.
Biggs was whistling gloomily over his work. The great turkey
reared its plump side from the dripping-pan on the table. To Philip
Lattimer's suddenly awakened imagination the dents of little prod
ding lingers were visible in it. Minervy's — Patsy's — S'lome's — the
baby's — he saw them all. Biggs' great hand rested for a minute
on the bird's si<ie, as he plied a needle back and forth across the
breast, and new dents appeared. The new ones and the old were
much alike, but Philip Lattimer refused to see the resemblance. He
had remembered suddenly the whole strange little scene of the after
noon. It built itself anew out of the flickering shadows of the little
kitchen and rehearsed itself before him. uninvited. He was watching
the row of uplifted, lean, eager little faces again — choosing the "big
'un" among the dangling uncomely turkeys.
"I choose the big 'un," the commander-in-chief was shrilling in
his ears.
"The big 'un! the big 'un!" all the shrill voices were crying.
Then he sa%v them stretching up on tiptoe to touch the big 'uns
fat sides — there were the little dents they made now.
And last of all in the little drama of shadows, he saw the look
of keen resentment on Minervy's face and heard her cry indignantly,
"What's the good o" making b'lieve if you ain't fair?" That was
when the child, Salome, had looked back wistfully at the big 'un
dangling still above his head. Poor little Lot's wife! Her faith had
not been equal to the cruel strain upon it. Making believe a Thanks
giving—"
"Biggs," Philip Lattimer said, abruptly.
' That's me, Mister Phillip."
"Hid you ever make believe anything in your life?"
"No, I m>vr."
"Then of course you never made believe a Thanksgiving?"
Biggs looked nround quickly. The lamplight on his face showed
the hints of a slow, serious smile. "I never, Mister Philup. There's
their, that has," he said, gently.
Philip Lattimer smiled gravely, too. "Yes, yes, Biggs, there's
them that has. There are men and little children, and who knows
how many more? It's hard work making believe, Biggs."
their adventures in the Arctic, making
light of th>- hardships endured during
the long northern winters.
"It's not the cold one minds so
much," said an officer. '"It's the mo
notony of being shut in so long, with
nothing to do all winter. Once the
ship is properly fixed in the ice and
covered in, with snow banked up all
around her we just have to sit down
and wait and keep warm as best we
can. We play cards and gamble and
read all the books there are on board,
but we get awfully sick of it all.
There's not more than an hour's work
a day for each man to do. We have to
haul fresh water Ice from the shore.
I keep the ship clean and so on. but that
lis all. Now and again, when tlv
; weather is fine, we go hunting, but it '
is risky work.
"If a storm comes on while you are I
away from the ship you stand a very :
! good chance of being frozen. Two men
! from the Grampus lost their lives In
: this way. They were out hunting with
: a party, and when we got them b;i '•:
on board their case was hopeless. We
did everything we could, but it was
better for them to die. They were bo
badly frozen that, even if they had r ••
covered, they would not have had much
left to live for. When a man loses all
his limbs and various other part;; ol
his body it isn't much use living."
But in an ordinary way, for thes<
strong healthy sons of the sea frost
bite has little terror. Nearly all th;
men around had been frozen slightly,
generally In the face or hands. "I got
my nose frozen once," said a fresh-,
faced young fellow, "but it's all right
now."
The man's nose was of the normal
size and covered with clear, healthy
skin, so that it is evident frostbite, un
less very severe, is not such an awful
thing after all.
"The great thing." remarked another,
"Is to wear deer skin clothes, with the
hair next to your skin."
Now this is contrary to the advice .if
all the doctors, who assert that under
wear should always be made of flannel.
Yet these men of experience are warm
In their praise of fur. They claim that \
the electricity from the hair imparts it
self to the body, and keeps up the tem
perature. But the skin worn must be
from a land animal; the coats of seals,
walrus or other sea-keeping beasts lack
the requisite warming qualities.
If a whaler can keep himself warm
he has practically solved the problem |
of existence in these inhospitable re
gions. Otherwise there is little dan
ger, for the pursuit of the whale is sad- j
ly lacking in excitement. The bow- I
head Is a timid, gentle creature, widely
different from the courageous sperm
whale, which has wrecked so many
boats in southern waters. Yet the
bowhead is the most valuable of the |
Arctic fishes, for a single head will I
often yield 2000 pounds of bone, to say i
nothing of the oil which may be oh- i
tamed from the carcass. Yet many I
vessels do not consider this latter prod
uct worth securing; the whalebone is
the great prize.
Still, at the Arctic Oil Works, down
on Mission Bay, you will see great
tanks full of whale oil, which is to be
manufactured into all sorts of lubri
cating compounds. And in the yard
there are thousands of .pounds of
whalebone drying in the sun. getting
ready to stiffen the corsets of European
fine ladies. For as yet the Parisian
dressmaker has discovered nothing
<(IHE( IHE MEN IUMPED A3 THE BIG WHALE
CRUSHED THE BOAT IN ITS JAWS."
which \\ ill take the place of whalebone
for this purpose, and hence the price is
maintained at a satisfactory level at
about $3 50 a pound.
Many curious virtues are claimed for
the Arctic climate, not the least being
the curative property of extreme cold.
"There was our mate," said one sailor,
"whose hands were doubled up with
rheumatism before we left, yet, when
he returned he was perfectly cured."
Perhaps the entire abstinence from
all alcoholic stimuiants may have
had something to do with this re
sult, for on board whalers the temper
ance rule is strictly enforced. At least
it Is so stated in the articles, no man
being allowed to take on board any
form of distilled liquor. Yet there are
whispers of a certain mixture known as
Duffy's brew, compounded of potatoes,
raisins, apples and anything else that
comes handy. Its intoxicating proper
ties are highly commended.
"If you put hall a plus of tobacco In
""•fn'.ho.'JnSS.^Ctollowed FhlMp ta.t.mer s.lpped away to hi.
room and his books and haunting memories. brooded there
Three years-three years it had been since he had brooded there
alone-shutting himself out of human fellowship and J s" tenlng
influences of it. It had been three years since he and a light heart
Part To 1 -rS S the heaviness weighed upon him more than ever He
could not stifle it in books as sometimes-it could not be stifled -After
a while he gave up the attempt and loosed the bars of restraint and
let his grief have its own way. Why not? i^ro^t^'a
Big|s crept along the hall on his way to bed, and B t°PP e^t h is
master's room as usual to see if ..all was well. The door stood a
little ajar and he peered in.' •> . *, oar *
"O, lordy! O, lordy!" he cried. inwardly, with a tug at his heart
strings. "He's at it agin! He's got the pictu's all outran that a
the sign. He's at it ag'ln— Lord, Lord, ain't there r.o *-.
Biggs was on his knees, and might have been praying. The tears
were rolling down his creased brown cheeks. Through the opening
a chink of light escaped, and made a bar across his face Within
he saw Philip Lattimer sitting with bowed head before a little row
of pictures on the table. He had set them up before him with great
care— hers first, then Philly's. then Comforts and then the little one s.
The sweet, still faces regarded him serenely— there was no grief, no
heartbreak in them, as there was in his. g Now and again he put out
his hand and smoothed one of. the faces— oftenest. The room
was perfectly still, except for the terrible, dry sobs in the man a
throat. , , .
"O, Lord! O, Lord!" moaned poor Biggs in his stricken heart.
He crouched there In the dark hall, with the bar of light athwart his
homely, working features— grieving : his master's grief. It was all
the grief he had ever known, but it broke his heart.
"Lord, Lord, couldn't you a' took 'em one to a time — to a
time, Lord? He might a' got over it then. Look at him in there,
touchin' the faces— now he's touchin' the Little Un's. Look at the
Little Un smilin' back! An' she's a-smilin', they're all a-smilin'
but him. He's rriakin' them awful sounds in his throat. O, Lord, I
do' know but it'll kill Mister Philup! If I could jest cry for him—"
Biggs was crying for him now. He let his big ungainly body
slide noiselessly to the floor and curl up in abandonment of sorrow.
But he made no sound. Inside the quiet room the faces in a row
smiled on happily— and Philip Lattimer sat on before them hour
after hour. He lived over all the tragedy of his life, scene by scene.
Once, with one of his sudden whims, he drew the pictures into the
playing of the tragedy. When she had died, he put out his hand
and turned her sweet face gently downward on the table. Then
Comfort's— Comfort had- come next— and then Philly's picture and
the Little One's. He had had the Little One the longest— but she
went, too.
Afterward he put all the pictures back again in their row. I
It was late into Thanksgiving morning when he went to bed.
Biggs went a minute or two before— he had just time.
Thanksgiving day was clear and brisk and sun-flooded. There
was joy and thanksgiving in a thousand homes, and in the others —
God pity the others! * ' <
In Philip Lattimer's home there was a "make-believe" Thanks
giving. • ■>', : -,
Biggs worked steadily and faithfully, whistling all the while. He
arranged the beautiful table with neat precision. ■ He let in the sun
shine upon all the dainty glass and silver, till they dazzled his
reddened eyes and hurt them. The flowers came and were arranged
as Mister Philup liked them— roses at her plate and little Comfort's,
and gay, bright flowers at the Little Uns and Philly's. At last
everything was ready.
"But he ain't," muttered Biggs. "He's gone out — I see him goin'
a spell ago. He was stridin' right along, with his shoulders dreadful
high an' square. He never done that before." . :-;n
Biggs went back to the kitchen and waited. An hour past the
time appointed he heard his master coming in, and "Lordy, lordy,
if there ain't somebody with him! There was— hark— O. Lord, little
voices! Little voices." *
' Biggs stole out into the hall and listened with a startled face. A
subdued chorus of excited little voices reached him and one above
the other was saying, admonishingly, "Step easy, all o' you — don't
you see there's flowers in the carpet? Step round 'em if you can. like
I do. They won't smash, but it don't seem right to step on 'em.
There, while the Kind Man's gone upstairs, you all listen to me—
I'm goin' to talk."
The high, imperative little voice "carried" easily to Biggs' aston
ished ears. He heard every one of the slow words, with pauses
for emphasis, between them.
"Listen! — if there's butter— to — bread, don't none o' you
look— surprised! Spread it on— of— indiff'rent, if you can. If
there's turkey —
"Turkey!" shrieked all the other little voices.
"Sh! he'll hear you. If— ther's— turkey, eat it slow as if you'd
always eat it since you was born. That's all." - • •
"But we ain't ever eat it, Minervy Bemisl" "_ - '■'. ",'S,-, ■ -
"Well, what if you ain't ever? Can't you make b'lieve?"
The small feet shuffled about noisily. Then the motherly little
voice began again. ■"••■••. -
*v "When it's T come time, you go ahead. Patsy-then you, S'lome
then Grlssel. I m goin' clear behind where I can look at the rest o :
you ey'ry minute. I'll take the baby. Sh! the Kind Man's coming*
Then Biggs heard Mister Philup's steps. They came rapidly down
the stairs and Joined the little. shuffling steps below. All the stens
were turning toward the dining-room— O, Lord Lord'"
"Biggs," called Philip Lattimer's voice steadily' "Bijnrs Biire-Q
where are you, you rascal? Why don't you serve dinner? Stir up!
Biggs hurried back into his kitchen with a radiant face The.
wonder in it was drowned in joy. ace - me
round*/" ™ Biggs," he cried exultantly, "do you hear, he's comin'
In the great, brilliant dining-room the strange Thanksgiving din
ncr began and proceeded slowly. Philip Lattimer sat at the head of
the table, with the stamp of indelible pain upon his face but he filial
and refilled all the little, plates with a steady hand and smiled down
now and then, on the little rank and file of beaming faces uuwu
The other faces that looked up at him out of the moist <>f, .<>f
flowers and shone dimly in the shimmer of sunlit silver and KlaX
were smiling, too-serenely, as they had smiled at him out of the row
of pictures in the night. c row
That was not make-believe.
ANNIE HAMIT/rnNT ncivvr-r r
the cask," observed an expert, "it will
stiffen the whole crew."
It is remarkable, considering the
hazardous nature of the occupation,
that there should be so few accidents.
The boat-steerer has to balance himself
in the bow of a slippery, tossing boat
and hurl the heavy harpoon, with a gun
attached to it, through the air. As
soon as the iron pierces the whale, it
fires automatically a dynamite bomb
into the carcass of the poor beast. The
whole instrument, with the inch and a
half Manila line attached to it, weighs
at least fifty pounds. I asked a boat
pteerer how far he could throw it, and
found out, by practical deduction, that
about twelve feet was his limit of
effective range. So that the boat must
be within twelve feet of the whale when
the attack is made. Yet .the pacific
bowhead never makes any active re
sistance. He simply sounds when he
is struck, and it is only a matter of
time and line to kill him.
"It's different with the sperm whale,"
said an old boat steerer, who has fol
lowed the profession for thirty years.
"When I first went whaling in the
Southern Pacific we lost lots of boats
and sometimes men. Once off the coast
of Chile we made fast to a big sperm
whale. Instead of soundingr he simply
turned and charged us with wide open
mouth, his huge jaws completely tak
ing in the boat. I can tell you we
jumped out of that boat in a hurry. We
lost two men, though, because they
could not swim well enough, and It was
some time before we were picked up."
Though Arctic whaling has none of
these thrilling moments, there is quite
Away Fron) His Mother.
££ c bb s—S ay, won't you catch it fer stayln' out so late?
yetN-Trut^T" W ' mi ' mother 3 rnatln> and won't wake up for two montta
enough discomfort about the life to
make it an undesirable occupation
Men facing all the rigors of this north!
em clime ought, one would think, to be
very highly paid. Yet it is seldom that
the sailors come back to port with
much to their credit. It is all a matter
of chance.
This year many of the vessels have
made splendid catches, and the sailors
on the Grampus and a few other ships
will have about six hundred dollars to
their credit. From this, of course, must
be deducted the advance before the
voyage started, and the heavy demands
of the slop chest A sailor's "lay. 11 or
share of the total earnings, is only one
two-hundredth. A boat steerer gets
twice as much, and so on up to the cap
tain, who claims from one-twelfth to
one-fifteenth of the total. The ship
owners get the balance, which may
amount to one-half the catch.
All sailors, however, are not so lucky
as the men of the Grampus. Here is
a typical case of bad luck, told me by
a boat steerer who had been absent for
over four years and a half in the Arc
tic. He sailed away in the Wanderer,
after getting an advance. He remained
by the Wanderer thirty-two months,
during which time they caught four
whales, his share being $175. Then he
Joined the Newport and cruised two
years in her, the result being only four
whales more. He returned here in the
Thrasher, which had no whales at all.
Now, all that is coming to him by way
of compensation for his years of toil in
the most awful climate in the world is
Just $80. Who would not be a whaler?
J. F. ROSE-SOLEY.HELPED HER HUSBAND FIND A FORTUNE IN THE GOLD FIELDS.
DOCTOR and Mrs. W. A. Turner
of Oakland have just returned
from a summer's outing in the
newly exploited and suddenly
famous g-old fields of the Atlin
Lake district, in British Columbia.
Although a man by the name of
George Miller discovered, six years
eince. that there vere excellent pros
pects in this_region, he kept his dis
covery a secret, and it was only
through the instrumentality of the
Turners and their small but adventur
ous party of seven others, who made
the trip from Bennett to Atlin in June
last, that the truth became known con
cerning the rich auriferous deposits
along the many creeks in this particu
lar section.
The Turner party found, on June 11,
only three men— Fred Miller, brother of
the original discoverer, and two help
ers _ WO rkinK on the banks of Pine
Creek, in the midst of a silent wilder
ness, but by the middle of August over
5000 people fourfd their way there, and
when work came to an end at the close
of summer nc-arly 2000 claims had been
recorded, all (A them giving promise of
rioh leturns.
Mrs. Turner, who Is a slender, dark
eyed young woman, scarcely more than
c girl in appearance, shared all the
hardships ami dangers of the long and
wearisome journey to this new El Do
rado. She went an an active and use
ful member.of the expedition, not as a
piece of fragile baggage, and her hope
ful enthusiasm and unfailing patience
and amiability under the most trying
circumstances won her popularity as
deserved as it was genuine.
The only woman in the party of nine
that, deserting the beaten track that
led to Dawson and beyond, built boats
and rowed down the lakes and rivers
to the unknown country beyond Lake
Atlin, and f?»r weeks the only woman on
the busy mining camp which was soon
flourishing on the banks of Pine Creek,
Mrs. Turner saw life from an unusual
standpoint.
She was called "the Queen of Atlin
by the rough but respectful crowds of
men who flocked into the "new dig
gings" and found this solitary young
woman installed in her husband's tent.
No Queen of royal blood could meet
with more deference and consideration
from her most loyal subjects than did
MEN OF MARK
and WOMEN OF NOTE
rr\HE most magnificent and costly
\ pearl necklace in the world is
said to be owed by the Countess
X Heckel, a lady well known in
Pariß society. It is composed of
thre<? historical necklacets, each of
w!.ich attracted attention in its day-
One of them, valued at 12,000 pounds,
was sold to the Countess by a Spanish
grandee, and is known as the "neck
lace of the Virgin of Atokha." The sec
ond was once the property of the ex-
Oueen <>f Naples, sister of the late Em
press of Austria. The third was the
famous necklace worn by the Empress
Eugenic on state occasions and sold not
very long ago to a firm of London
Jewelers for 20,000 pounds.
Colonel Henry, the French officer who
killed himself when the fact that he
was a forger was discovered, was the
third member of the family within
twenty-seven years who died a trag
ical death. The first had the misnomer
of "Fortunate Henry." He was a mem
ber of the commune and a colonel un
der it in 1871. His son was Enfile Hen
ry, who dynamited the police station
of the Rue dcs Bon Enfants and the
cafe terminus in 1894.
l.co XIII is an ardent lover of
chess. He has been a constant player
for over thirty years, and his skill in
the game Is anything but mediocre.
this scepterless young wife, who ruled
those around her by the simple power
of pure womanhood.
The story of her experiences on the
road and in camp is uniquely entertain
ing and instructive.
"We started." she says, "from Oak
land in March with a party of fifteen
and a two years' outfit, intending to
go straight to the Klondike, but nothing
happened as we expected. For various
reasons our original party disinte
grated, some going on to Dawson and
pome returning to California, while we
stopped at Linderman to think matters
over.
"While there my husband heard that
a George Miller had-six years ago pen
etrated into the region beyond Lake
Atlin and found good indications there.
He also saw a rough map of that place
and became convinced that it would bo
a good thing to visit it. Associating
himself with seven others they hurried
ly built two boats and in them we went
to Bennett, from which place we made
our real start.
"It was a six days' trip from Bennett
to Pine Creek and hard work all the
way; but we were all so eager to get
to our destination that we hardly
wanted to take the time to eat or sleep.
We camped on shore nights, and lived
on bacon, beans, baking powder bis
cuits and fresh eggs — duck eggs, with
which the various islands which we
passed were literally covered.
"When we arrived at the end of our
journey we found, to our astonishment,
three men busily at work where we had
expected to find primeval solitude. The
His Holiness' favorite opponent used
to be Father Guilio, with whom he was
in the habit of playing when he was
Cardinal Pecci. On being raised to the
pontifical throne he summoned Father
Guilio from Florence, whert he was
then stationed, and gave him apart
ments in the Vatican. Father Guilio
was said to combine a rare mastery of
the game with a., exceedingly irascible
temper. Sometimes during a same with
his Holiness he would burst out into
an ungovernable fit of rage. On such
occasions Leo XIII immediately inter
rupted the game and proceeded to de
liver a little homily on the virtues of
Christian resignation and self-control.
The faculty of philosophy of the Uni
versity of Munich has conferred the
honorary degree of Doctor upon Lady
Blennerhassett in recognition of her la
bors in the field of English, German,
French and Italian literature.
Mr. and Mrs. Jean Roy of St. Joseph,
Beame, Canada, celebrated last week
the fiftieth anniversary of their mar
riage, and the event presented some ex
traordinary features. The bridesmaid,
the best man and the fiddler of fifty
years ago were present. But a still
more extraordinary incident was the
presence also of Mr. Roy's mother,
now aged 98 years, who was twice mar
ried and now numbers 297 descend
ants.
Mr. E. Menken, to whom Mr. Glad
stone -was accustomed to give large or
ders for second-hand books, has pre
sented to the British Museum a series j
THE SAN FRANCISCO UALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
men were Fred Miller, brother of the
George who had originally visited the
place, and two helpers. We were sur
prised to see them— and they were not
only surprised but disgusted to see us.
"Yuu see, they had Celt so secure, off
there, away from everybody, that they
had not even staked out claims, but
were working away quite comfortably
just where their fancy led them, with
no thought of possible interruption or
competition. Our coming changed all
that, and things began to 'hustle.'
"We could hardly wait to get our
tf-nts up, we were so anxious to begin
prospecting, and Miller and his men
began to hurry up too. They jumped
in to stake out 'discovery claims' at
once, and as soon as possible started off
to record them legally. This brought
the matter to the attention of the Can
adian authorities, and some of them
were sent up to look over the district.
They went back to Tagish and Benm-tt
with exaggerated reports of the rich
ness of the 'finds,' and the next thing
we knew the little steamer Kllborn
came up through the lakes with 100
men on board, and a more excited
crowd I never saw.
"After that the steamer ran up regu
larly, and thousands of men poured into
the place. They didn't all stay around
Pine Creek of course, for the claims
there were soon taken up, but they
spread out to Spruce, Birch, Muskett
and Wright and all around there.
"There is free gold in plenty up there,
not in big nuggets, and not lying
around loose, but it is distributed with
wonderful evenness all along the creok
of booksellers' catalogues with manu
script notes by the late statesman. In
nearly every case the catalogue bears
the note, "Please send the marked lota
with the usual discount (or subject to
10 per cent discount) for cash to W. E.
Oladstone." The "marked lots" refer
to almost every conceivable subject of
literature — theology, anthropology,
folk-lore, travels, French editions of
Shakespeare, poJitics, natural history,
art, Greek and Latin authors, theoreti
cal and topographical.
Queen Victoria was born in Kensing
ton Palace, London, May 24. JBI9. She
is daughter of Edward, Dukd of Kent,
the fourth son of George 111, and suc
ceeded to the throne on the death of
her uncle, William IV, June 20, 1837.
She was not crowned until June 28,
1838. On April 28, 1876, she was pro
claimed Empress of India,
One of Admiral Dewey's pet aver
sions is the man who claims to be ac
quainted with him. On a recent occa
sion a stranger walked up to him, ex
tended his hand and exclaimed: "Ad
miral, I bet ou don't remember me."
Admiral Dewey recognizing in him
one of these bores, answered laconical
ly "You've won your bet," and walked
off.
President Eliot of Harvard said the
other day that the modern university
sometimes "develops a very peculiar
human being, the scientific specialist.
He wants his name known not to mil
lions, but to nve or six students of the
Latin dative case. He doesn't make
money, because, like Louis Agassiz, he
hasn't time."
William R. Harper, head of the Uni
versity of Chicago, is said to »-c Ameri
ca's hardest working college president.
He teaches all the year round, edits
two magazines, administers the af
fairs of his great colony of students,
and is also principal of the Uhautau
qua system and the American Institute
of Sacred Literature*
banks, and any man who is willing to
work can make his pile.
"The climate is such that the old
California mining methods are in use.
As the frost does not go down any
great distance thawing is not neces
sary, and as soon as the creeks are
open in the spring work can begin. You
don't have to dig for months on an un
certainty, but you s*-e what you are
doing right along. For these reasons
one doesn't have to stay there during
the printer; it is a summer diggings en
tirely, and it is now so easy to get there
and back the doctor and I intend to go
up every summpr and spend our win
ters here at home. Wo have several
very rich claims up there, and the doc
tor is going to take a party up with us
in March next, to work on what is call
ed a lay— that is a certain percent of
the output. Wages are $5 and keep
there now, and as provisions are high —
flour 25 cents a pound, sugar 75 cents,
and so on, the keep amounts to some
thing.
"This year I could have sold all the
brpad I could make at a dollar a loaf,
had I cared to make bread for sale, the
men were so tired of their continual
fried "doughgobs." but next year it will
be different, for many men will take
their wives up, and homemade things
will be plenty.
"You want to know how I stood the
Journey and how I lived through the
AMERICAN RAILWAYS
IN ENGLAND
Special to The Sunday Call.
THE era of electricity in city transportation is just arriving in Lon
don, and it has been brought about largely by the activity of Amer
ican manufacturers. First among the roads to adopt it is the new
line, lately completed, running underground from the Lord Mayor's
mansion to Waterloo Station, and Its heavy passenger traffic is show
ing to the other underground roads the great advantage this route has over
the stuffy, smoky tunnels through which the steam locomotives now run.
This line has the distinction of parsing under the busiest spot on earth,
expressively known in London as "Slaughter Corner," being the converg
ence of Queen Victoria street. New Bridge street and the approach to Black
friar's Bridge. Hundreds of hackney cabs, scores of omnibuses, a maze of
trucks; all keep up a humming, drubbing roll, and all sorts of trades and
traffics occupy the ground surface, while above the trains of the Dover Rail
way go crashing over their viaduct almost every minute. A cross section of
the under earth would reveal a strange confusion. One railway above and
two below are only items in the activities of this crowded spot.
In the building of the new lowermost electric road, which is seventy
seven feet below street level, more than half of the construction was with
American equipment, and a large part, of the electrical installation was per
formed by experts from the United States.
A much longer line is that now being pushed by day and night to com
pletion from the Royal Exchange to Oxford street, under the heart of Lon
don. It will be nine miles in length when its laterals are complete and
cost about £3,000,000 for the work now under way. There was danger that
the American electricians would capture all the equipment contracts by the
superiority of their materials and by making lower bids than the English
could i each, but a compromise was finally agTeed upon by which the con
tracts are now so divided that the English companies will get about half
of the work. Wer.e it not that English firms are constantly favored Amer
ica would. eventually drive out a great deal uf the home business.
The conservative old underground companies are beginning to realize
that they must equip their lines with electricity or lose their trade, and so
they have appropriated £20,000 for a system of experiments with both Eng
lish and American equipments. So far the London County Council has not
consented" to surface trolley lines, even in the suburbs, but permission has
finally been secured to allow a trial of electrical traction on the street grade
outside the city centers, all of which promises new and profitable fields for
American Industry*
Adventures of a Plucky Oakland Woman Wfto Started fop Alaska, and 'by a Lucky
Occident Stumbled on Rich Diggings on tlie Way.
summer?
"Well, I looked upon the journey as
a kind of a picnic from beginning to
end; it was all so new and strange and
exciting. I was never frightened or
discouraged once, though I got pretty
tired going up the 1925 steps cut in the
ice over Chilkoot Pass.
"We go up there in a regular proces
sion, one after the other, holding on
the rope which is stretched along one
side for a banister. Every 100 steps
there is a wide one, like a terrace,
where you can drop out of the line if
you wish and rest, and these wide stepa
are the only breathing places on the
way to the summit.
"We went over on the 19th of April,
and, although the snow was ten feet
deep all around us, the sun beat down
so terribly that my face was burned al
most to a blister; that W&fl the only
real suffering I had to endure while
I was away, but that was real enough,
for my face did not stop smarting and^s
heal for a long time. <«
"I was the first woman to ride the«
rapids in the Atlinto River, where it^:
takes four and a half hours to go up^
and eighteen minutes to come down; (<
but I wasn't alarmed at all. In fact, q
I think I must have had the regular
gold hunter's fever right along, for 1^
didn't seem to mind or think of any- (
thing else but the object of our trip, r
Everything outside of that seemed of
little moment, not worth fretting about
at all. I found that I could take a
walk of fifteen or twenty miles, in
heavy hobnailed boots, over the rough
est kind of traveling, without even
thinking of breaking down, and the
cramped quarters in the boats, the in
conveniences of tent life and tent cook
ings were things to be laughed at in
stead of worried over.
"After we arrived at Pine Creek,
however, I found life a little more mo
notonous, for the men put In all their
time prospecting, and I was left alone
at the camp to look out for things gen
erally and do the catering and cook
ing for the doctor and myself. I used
to provide all the game — grouse, ptar
migan and so on — for I am a good shot
and such sport was plenty, and all the
fish for the camp besides, and I never
felt the least bit afraid, for, although
bears are to be found in the vicinity,
I always felt able to take care of my
self.
"I wore denim dresses made with
conveniently short skirts, boys' stout
long legged boots and sunbonnets or
wide sun hats, with generally a mos
quito net veil, for, although the mos
quitoes are nowhere near so bad as
they are in the Klondike, there are
enough of them to be annoying, and
in August the gnats were too numerous
for comfort.
"I put in some of my time washing
out gold on my own account, and I got
a good sized bottle full of coarse flakes
and small nuggets. I employed my
self for the most part, however, in
'spying out the land,' for it is a most
beautiful country and full of interest
to any one who is capable of appreciat
ing it.
"To begin with, there are no reptiles
there whatever. Snakes, lizards and
toads are unknown, but there are thou
sands of field mice, bright eyed, mis
chievous little creatures, a little larger
than our mice, slender of body and with
longer tails. These little pests are the
chief discomfort of the region, for they
swarm over everything and are preter
naturally brave and aggressive. They
scarcely ever trouble the provisions, but
they make a specialty of destroying
and carrying away every woolen thing
which they can find, probably to use
as linings for their nests.
"I made 'raised bread* right along,
having brought up some dry yeast with
me and using It to 'set' some regular
yeast as soon as we began tentkeepingf
in earnest. I made pies, too, often,
using bacon fat for shortening and roll-
Ing crust out on the bottom of a big
gold pan with a bottle for a rolling
pin. The pies were good, too, and so
was some French cream candy which
I made once or twice as a 'treat' to the
camp.
"Every one was wild over 'pros
pects,' and every now and then new 3
would come from the different creek 3
which would cause a stampede in that
particular direction, and as our party
each held two licenses, one for the
Northwest and one for British Colum
bia, we were always interested in all
the gold news that came along. I
never knew a really quiet day until we
were back in Oakland, but in spite of
exposure, hard work and rough fare,
none of us had a sick hour during the
whole time that we were away.
"I am all impatience to go back
again. We have to be there by the Ist
of June, else our claims are Jumpable.
"One thing we have learned by ex
perience, and that is that most people
take entirely too much outfit; they let
the storekeepers plan for them and the
result is much is wasted. Everybody
takes too much bacon and beans — they
are good in their place, but they can
be purchased anywhere along the route,
and quantities are thrown away by
overloaded or discouraged people. Take
more canned goods and dried fruits andj
more cocoa and less tea and coffee and
you will be healthier and happier.
"To all married women I would say,
'if your husbands are going to the Atlin
district go with them.' The trip and;
camp experiences, though hard, are en- :
Joyable, and the man who has a cheer
ful, hopeful, sensible w r ife to make a
home out of his tent, give him good
food and nurse him when he is ill or
overworked, can make a good deal bet
ter fight for fortune than he who has
to fight his way singlehanded."
2526
SOCIETY has been kept comfort
ably busy during the pasi week,
although the season can s<
v.-t be said to be in full blast.
This will not happen until the
Friday Night Club has given the
first of its series <■:' dances, whet! th< last
«>f the buds will have blossomed into
youthful flowers of the .tray world.
Of the debutantes, .Miss olive Holbrook
seems to have been the center of attrac
tion the past week, several charrai •
tertalnments having been given in ncr
honor. First there was the lun
given to her on Wednesday last by her
sister. Mrs. Samuel Knight. And then the
Tea on Saturday, at which Mrs. I,
•was again the hostess, and which served
to formally Introduce .Miss Holbrook to
society. This was followed on the same
day by a very delightful dinner party
given in her honor by her father at bis
residence on Van Ness avenue.
Other events of the wwk were the
lunchon given on Thursday by Miss Mary
Bell Uwiu at the University Club; th
ond meeting of the .Friday Fortnightly,
•which was held at Cotißun Hall on Fri
day evening, and which was chaperoned
by* Mrs. Monroe Salisbury and Airs. Gor
don Blanding; the farewell tea given on
Saturday by the Spinners' Club to .Mrs.
Frank L. Sleeth, president of the Sketch
dub prior to her departure for .\- <v
York; and the tea given by -Mrs. J. K.
Wilson Saturday afternoon at her Paclic
avenua residence.
This last was a very largv and
ionable affair. The large drawing .rooms
Were tastefully decorated with chrysan
themums, violets and roses, and >irs. Wil
son and Miss Wilson were assisted
ceiving by Mrs. Sarah !!. Earle or Pasa
dena, Mrs. J. C. Stubba, Mrs. W. H.
Mills Mrs. ( '. Erwood Brown. Mrs. \Vill
jam T. Reddington, Mrs. George I . Bow
man Miss Kmiiy Deane, Miss Ames. .Miss
Bessie Ames, .Miss Kdith Stubbs.
Alma McClung, .Miss Delia Aiiiis. Miss Jo
sephine Pierce, Miss Bowman, Miss ■
Bowman. Miss Anna Shepherd ami Miss
Ethel Melone.
The present week holds a wedding of
more than passing Interest— thai of Miss
Ethel Murphy and John McGowan Biddle,
•which is scheduled for next Wedm
at high noon. It will take place at the
home of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel G. Murphy, on the corner of Pa
cific avenue and Tierce street, and will be
a very quiet affair, only about seventy
guests' having been bidden to witness the
ceremony. Miss Murphy's only brides
maid will be her sister. Miss Adelaide
Murphy, and the groom's lust man will
be John G. Follansbee.
The ceremony will be followed by a re
ception, immediately after which the cou
ple will depart for Washington, D. C,
■which is to be their future home.
* » *
Only a few other affairs are listed for
the coming week.
On Monday evening Miss Gertrude Car
roll will give a theater party at the Bald
win in honor of Miss Josephine Lough
borough.
Tuesday evening Mr. and Mrs. William
WAS CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
RESPONSIBLE FOR
Harold FREDERIC'S DEOTH?
Continued- From Page Twenty-one.
and granting the facts to be as above «et forth, whether or not there
is any law or statute by which the Christian Scientist could be pun
ished .'
Christian Science per se has never been legislated against in this
State and' recourse must hence be had to the general laws and statutes
to determine whether the facts in the Frederic case can \ a , brought
within ihf-ii purview. _^_
"A'rf act tn regulate the practice of medicine m the State of Cali
fornia. " and. the acts amendatory thereof are inapplicable because
Christian SrJ* r^^ .. _ o llot sty i e t hemsc yes "M. D.," do not "habitually
preecr-i-oe for the sick" (or, indeed, prescribe for them at all), and do
not "practice medicine or surgery."
Murder is defined by the p£nal Code to J.e "the unlawful killing
of a human being with malice aforethought", it is therefore clear that
the facts stated d<> not constitute + 1 — crime of murder.
Section 1&2 of the Penal Code defines manslaughter as "the unlaw
ful kiiling of a human being without malice." It is of two kinds:
1. Voluntary^ -upon ;i sudden quarr.el or heat of passion.
L. Involuntary — in the commission of an unlawful .ict not amount
ing to feiony; or in the commission of a lawful act which might pro
duce death in an unlawful manner or without caution and circum
spection.
As no "act" whatever is performed by the Christian Scientist this
section would appear also to be inapplicrble.
There is, to be sure, a statute in this Stat (section 400 of the
Penal Code* to the effect that "every prson who deliberately aids or
advises <>r encourages another to commit suicide is guilty of a felony,"
and although in one sense the Christian Scientist may be said to have
jeliberately assisted Frederic in "shuffling off thir mortal coil," still
as the last thing either of them had in iev was Harold Frederic's
demise and nothing was presumably said by either concerning suicide,
this statute coul . scarcely apply.
In fine it is my opinion that there is o law in this State which
reaches this case. Had Frederic been judicially declared insane or
had he been a minor, his guardian or his parents could be punished
f o • depriving him of proper medical treatment but being sane and
an adult he had a constitutional right, so to speak, to go down to the
grave without the intervention of a physician.
When I am ill myself I call only tee Great Physician to heal me.
SOCIETY
P. Morgan will give a dinner at their resi
d< nc< . --H Clay street, complimentary to
Miss Olive Holbrook. The same evening
Mrs. Edward Pond will give a euchre
party at her residence, 141s Gough Street.
Miss Greenwood has issued cards for a
tea next Saturday.
* * *
The first meeting of this season of the
Friday Nfght Club will be held at Native
Sons' Hall on the evening of December
9. and will be an assembly.
The Saturday Fortnightly Club held its
third meeting of the season last night
at Golden Gale Hall.
The CimleivUas will give their first par
!> of tiiis season at Golden Gate, Hall
on Wednesday <v< nine, November 30.
The patronesses will be. Mrs. Charles
Page, Mrs. Austin C. Tubbs. Mrs. Perry
I 1I 1 Moore, Mrs. C. de Guigne, Mrs. Charles
B. Brigham, Mrs. A. B. Head, Mrs.
Charles Josselyn, Mrs. Kobert L. Cole
man, Mrs. E. E. Eyre and Mrs. Joseph
A. Donohoe.
Frederick Greenwood gave a dinner at
his new home, at the corner of Pacific
avenue and Pierce street, on Thursday
evening. Those a? the table were Miss
Greenwood, .Miss Ethel Keeney, Miss Lil
lian Follis, Clarence Follis, Lawrence
Van Winkle and Horace G. Platt.
* • •
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mary C. Van Schuyver, daughter of Mrs.
W. j. Van Schuyver, and Dr. Albert Mc-
Kay of Portland. Or.
Another engagement announcement ia
that ut Miss Margaret White and Clark
D. Miner, both of thi.s my.
Miss Grace E. Corwin, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. G. li. Curwin. and Charles L.
tiubbard of Los Angeles were married
last Thursday evening. The ceremony
took place In Emmanuel Baptist Church,
which was handsomely decorated with
yellow and white chrysanthemums, smi
kix and ferns, instead of the usual ush
ers the bridesmaids in pretty frocks of
white organdie, ruffled and lace-trimmed.
Beat* tl the hundreds of friends who
crowded the church, and instead of the
wed. lint; march played on the organ, a
ladies' quartet preceded the bridal party,
singing the bridal march from "Lohen
grin."
The wedding was solemnized just before
9 o'< lock. The bridesmaids were Miss
■ Berry, Miss Lila Berry , Miss Lena
Worth and Miss Lottie Underbill. Miss
Bdith Welsh was maid of honor.
The bride's sown was cream duchesse
satin. The long train was plain, but for
a trimming of chiffon rosettes, and the
waist had a lace yoke and tucked bodice
and sleeves. Orange blossoms held the
tullt- veil and she carried Nlphetos roses.
The groom's best man was Melville
Dozier Jr. Rev. J. George Gibson was
the officiating clergyman.
Aft<r the ceremony an elaborate supper
was served at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Corwin, 2604 Howard street. After a week
in Northern California Mr. and Mrs. Hub
bard will leave for Los Angeles, where
they will reside.
* * •
Last Wednesday evening Miss Elizabeth
Wain wright and John S. French were
united in marriage at the residence of
the bride's parents. 808 Taylor street.
-. quiet home wedding of the week was
that of Miss Louise Qjocker and De Witt
Gray, which was solemnized on Wednes
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CAL.L., SUNDAY, NOTEMBEK 20, 1898.
day evening at the residence of the
bride's mother In this city. The groom
is a brother of Lee Gray of Fresno, who
married Miss Blanche Verdenal. daugh
ter of D. F. Verdenal of New York.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker and Mr.
and Mrs. Charles A. Childs of New York
were the guests of Mrs. William Crocker
at their villa !n Burlingame last week.
Miss Alice Boggs has returned from a
visit to Colusa :tnd will be at me Palace
Hotel for the winter.
Mr. E. M. Greenway has been spending
the past week at Coronado Beach and Los
Angeles.
* * •
Miss Keeney and Miss Blakeman have
been visiting Commodore and Mrs. Wat
son at Mare Island.
Mrs- L. H. Clement and Miss Ethel
Clement returned Saturday from abroad
and are located at the Hotel Bella Vista.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey have
been spending the past few weeks at
Mount Lowe and Echo Mountain, near
Los Angeles.
Lieutenant and Mrs. G. A. Detehmen
dy !'. S. A., have taken rooms at the Co
lonial for the winter. Lieutenant Detch
mendy was formerly on General Shafter's
staff and has recently returned from Ma
nila.
• • •
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mattie Davis, only daughter of Mr. and
Mrs Max Davis, to Jesse Newbauer, uoth
of San Francisco. They will receive their
friends on Sunday. November 27, and De
cember 4; also first and fourth Mondays
in December at 1808 Pacific avenue.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
to Emile C. Gross by his friends at his
residence "fet Golden Gate Saturday even
ing November 12. to celebrate the anni
versary of his birthday. The evening was
spent. in singing, dancing and merry mak
ing.
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew W. Turpin were
tendered a wedding reception at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Turpin, 40
Bartlett street, last Friday evening.
The guests were entertained by a violin
duet by Miss Minerva. Van Doren and
Mrs. Harold Smith, accompanied by Mrs.
D. A. Hodghead, also vocal solos by Miss
Jennie Williams. Mrs. Copping and Dr.
D. A. Hodghead.
Mr. and Mrs. Turpin will reside per
manently at the new residence. 747 Guer
rero street, where they will be pleased
to receive their friends on the second and
fourth Wednesday evenings.
The Winter Cotillon Club will hold its
initial assembly for this season on Tues
day eveninp, November 29. at Cotillon
Hall. Some very pretty figures are to
be led by George E. Bennett, assisted by
Mr. and Mrs. William M. Abbott, Mrs.
Leah S. Young and Mr. Doxey.
Mrs. M. R. Britton has returned home
after a six months' visit to her daughter,
Mrs*. Howard, at Fort Wayne, Ind.
The reception given by the California
Pioneers at Assembly Hall Saturday
evening, November 12, was a very enjoy
able affair, a large body of the members
being present. The evening was spent in
dancing and merrymaking. Robert Van
dercook was floor manager and the floor
committee consisted of C. F. O'Cal
laghan, J. R. Corvell Jr., R. R. Russ, H.
He has done it in the past and I trust only in him for the present
- - and the future. He knows what
(MRS. CARRIE JUDD MONTGOMERY.
For the children in the orphan
asylums under my care, as they axe not my own and I am responsible
to others for them, I have a regular physician in attendance. She
visits and prescribes for them in the regular manner.
When I was so ill in 1879 that it was not believed possible I could
ever recover I lay in a darkened room suffering the most exquisite
pain constantly and so weak I could not speak a\«ove a whisper. I
waa told of the cures in answer to prayer by Mrs. Edward Mix.
She was a colored lady of Wolcottsville, Conn., and simply professed
to be doing God's work in an earnest, humble way. She had herself
been healed by the laying on of hands by a Rev. Mr. Allen of Spring
field. The. more I thought of her the more I felt that a letter must
be written to her on my account.
Mrs. Mix wrote me and said I should be healed and told me to
get "right out of bed and begin to walk by faith."
I was tempted to smile at her words, but my conscience reproved
me for my lack of faith and I beran to pray. I dismissed all doctors
and discontinued all medicine though it was i great struggle, as I
was dependent upon them for temporary relief from my pain. Ter
rible darkness and powerful temptations from Satan rose to obscure
even the little faith I had, but suddenly my soul was filled with a
childlike peace and confidence, different from anything I had ever
experienced before.
There was no excitement, but without the least fear or hesita
tion I turned over and raised up alone, for the first time in over
two years.
Directly after, with a little support from my nurse, I walked a
few steps to my chair. During .he same hour a decided change was
perceptible in my color, circulation and pulse, and I could talk aloud
with ease. In a few weeks I recovered entirely.
Again last autumn I was ill, very ill indeed, and my friends and
family almost despaired of my recovery. I would not yield and call
a physjeian, but put myself entirely in His hands. I was too ill to
see even my own little daughter, every sound was a pain to me. I
prayed and my dear brothers and sisters in the faith prayed for me
and with me. I was healed. I had been very weak and wretched
when all at once, like an electric shock, a wave passed over me and
1 rose up rejoicing. I went about my duties and was well, cured by
the divine will of the Great Physician.
I take all my authority from our dear Savior's own words and
try to believe them just as he said them. We are not apt to accept
the Bible as literally as we ought. We get into a dangerous habit
of considering its exhortations as in a great degree figurative or
sacredly poetic or as relating to past generations and not to our own.
It if written, "For the promise is unto you and to your children,
and to all that are afar off." St. Peter is speaking of the gift of the
Holy Ghost, and none who have felt the wonderful power which, in
answer to the "prayer of faith," gives healing to soul and body, can
doubt that it is the power of the Holy Spirit, promised to all ages
and to all generations. There are many who refuse to give credence
to faith cures because, as they assert, "the age of miracles is past."
C. Tilden, A. B. Berllng and George N.
Van Orden. _ .
A surprise party was given Miss Jennie
Van in honor of her sixteenth birthday
on Wednesday evening, November 9, at
her home in East Oakland. Those invited
were: Miss Ethel Ryers, Miss Erla Hard-
Ing, Miss Emma Harm. Miss Clara Boyn
ton. Miss Helen Noack, Miss Ullie Gra
ham, Miss Nita Gilkyson. Harold Atk n
son. Samuel Culm, Gtorge Hull, Charles
Howard, Fred Ryers, George Clough,
Charlie Sleeper, Fred Gilbert. Hilton \ an,
Mr. and Mrs. Van and Mrs W. P. \ an.
A pleasant surprise party was given to
Miss Agnes Burke at her residence. 26J0
Leavenworth street, Saturday evening,
November 12. The guests were: Miss
Maggie Mclntyre, Mr. and Mrs. T. Burke,
Mrs. Clement. Miss A. Burke, Miss G.
Knight. Miss N. McCarthy, Miss G. Wil
liams, Miss D. Silva. Miss A. McCarren,
Miss P. Harris, Miss M. Ellis, Miss M.
Mathuea. Miss S. Harris, Miss K. Mc-
Carren. Miss M. Silva. Miss Jones, Miss
V V. Jeffries, Jo Barry, Al O'Neil. Al
Smith. F. Beaton, C. Reid, Mr. MeLaugh
lin W. Kelly. J. McClelland, J. Daly. W.
Daly. M. Daly, J. McGrath, L. Nathan,
T. Foley, Victor Paris, Tom Bozzle and
Eugene savage.
Mrs. Mary Wilbur gave a pink lunch
eon at her residence on I^arkin street on
the 12th inst. in honor of her daughter,
Mrs. Charles Grass of Oakland. Among
those present were Mrs. F. M. Walkup,
Miss Bell Abbott of Alameda, Mrs., A.
M. Gayetty, Mrs. Charles Grass, Mrs. J.
Fowler and Mrs. J. B. Marvin.
The wedding of Miss Marie I. Jorgen
sen and Frederick H. Austin took place.
Monday. November 14, at noon, Rev. Mr.
Fuendeling performed the ceremony. Miss
Gertrude Austin officiated as maid of
honor, while W. W. Poole acted as best
man.
The young couple are spending their
honeymoon at San Jose.
• • •
Among the approaching musical events
Is -the concert of the Snturda • Morning or
chestra, which will take place at Sher
man-Clay Hall Monday evening, Novem
ber 21, under the direction f W. A. Sabin.
The ushers who have consented to serve
are George Herman Powers Jr., J. J.
Kline. Brook Wright. Herbert Galwey,
Mr. Norris and Allen Raymond Powers.
The soloists who have promised their
assistance are: Miss Daisy Polk, Frank
M. Coffin and Arthur Fickenscher.
The Saturday Morning orchestra is un
der the management of Mrs. Selden T.
Wright. Mrs. J. K. Wilson, Mrs. J. S.
Porteous, Mrs. J. L. Moody. Mrs. Tim
otnv Hopkins. Mrs. James Monroe Gal
wey, Mrs. 1.. L. Baker. Miss K. R. Stone,
Mrs. George Herman Powers. Miss Janet
Bruce and Miss Marie Dillon.
A very enjoyable entertainment for the
benefit of Sacred Heart Church was given
in St. Francis de Sales Hall. Oakland, by
the ladies of St. Fhilomena Booth. The
affair, which was under the direction of
Mrs. R. Leach, was a decided success.
An instrumental quartet by students of
St Mary's College was the first number
presented and was admirably rendered,
after which Mrp. Langdon sang a soprano
solo This was followed by the famous
••Hicksawer quartet." William J. Walsh
of St. Mary's College rendered several
difficult and pleasing recitations. The
Cathedral quartet gave an admirable ren
dition of "Spring and Love." Professor
Wilkie delighted the audience with sev
eral tenor solos. Mrs. MerafeWer, con
tralto, was recalled again and again, and
Miss Julia Cunningham of the Cathedral
quartet rendered Massenet's "Elegie.
with violin obligato. The feature of the
evening was an address by Rev. M. P.
Scanlan, pastor of Dtxon.
Among the passengers who sailed for
Honolulu on the steamer Australia No
vember 16 were: George Alexander, Mrs.
H. B. Arnold. Miss Arnold. F. W. Beards
lee W S Bell A. Brown, J. K. Brown I
and wife, J. K. Brown Jr., J. P. Castle, j
Mrs W A. Clark. Miss Cornwall, George
Compere and wife, Charles Cowan, Mrs. !
X Evans C. A. Field. Charles Gay, R. E. ,
Glaze wife and child; V. C. Gray. Captain 1
Godfrey, wife and two children; Miss God- ,
frey Miss C Godfrey. Mrs. R. B. Harris,
J nVnela, L. B. Korr, wife and two chil
dren- W. C. King, Mrs. M. B. McGowan.
Mrs E. McPhetridge. A. Mirrlees, L. B.
Newe'U and wife, L. B. Nutting and wife.
T T> Nicholl. L.. E. Pinkham, Mrs. Ellea
Polachek Mrs. P. Rewman. J. W. Ro
maine P O'Reiley, James Scott, wife and
two children. John A. Scott, wife and two
children; Miss Scott. A B Shearer and
wife W G. Smith, C. E. Williams, Mrs.
C. Wright.
The Bachelors" Cotillon will give its '
second party Friday evening. November !
25 in maple room. Palace Hotel.
j C Walker of Fresno and Mrs. Walker
and daughter. Miss Edith Walker, have
returned to the Baldwin Hotel for tne ;
Major William Pahey left during the
week for an extended trip through South
ern California. ■_._»
The. Nevadans will give their third
natty at Union-square Hall W ednesday |
evening, December 7. All Nevadans are
invited to participate.
The engagement is announced of P. :
Szukalaskl and Mary L. Furrer, daughter
of Caspar and Caleta Furrer.
The engagement is announced of Henry
Muller and Cecelia Rohde.
BEAUTY SLEEPS.
THIS is the way they do in Den
mark to designate widows. In
stead of the engagement ring, as
our girls get, and a wedding ring,
they are given a plain gold band ring j
and wear it on their left third finger,
which is also the marriage finger in
that country. When the husband dies
the widow changes the ring to the |
is best for me and if he wants me
healed he will do it.
right third finger, and everybody
knows that she is a widow.
A clever doctor, says a contemporary,
advances the theory that monarchs
live long because they have little to
worry them and not much to do. "They
have less bodily fatigue than ordinary
mortals; their lives are so well ordered
and lived with such regularity that
wear and tear are avoided." As in
stance, he gives the King and late
Queen of Denmark, the late Emperor of
Germany, and Queen Victoria, who,
though old in years, is healthy and
strong. Ordinary people, he goes on to
pay, do not rest enough to recuperate
the impaired vital forces. Many of the
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD
- EAREST Marguerite: The world
looks topsy-turvey to me this
D morning-. Perhaps It might spin
right side around if I minded my
morning matins instead of wring
ing- the weekly wash for you. But I'm
pledged to serve your Royal Highness
though forsooth 1 think I more than earn
my salary.
It's a rumble-jumble that will be hung
out for your ladyship's view, for 1
crowded so much into Saturday that all
the rest of the week is tangled up in my
memory and 1 can't untwist the knots.
There was the Holbrook" tea in the af
ternoon.
There was a tremendous crush. Every
! body was there and it took on old-timer
j like myself to maneuver through the
( crowd. I hung on to Dick's coat tails and
I he landed me safely at the tables, where
■ there were goodies enough for Uncle
i Sum's volunteers. Therese Morgan, who
helped receive, steered us around for a
while, but we gravitated back to the
punch bowl, for it was too hot to do the
glad-hand act.
Therese looked better than I have ever
seen her. She no longer affects the un
combed hair style— my felicitations.
Ollie wore white satin and tulle. That
is, 1 think she did. I had to rubberneck
at her across a vista of Jacks and Jills.
There were more men there than usual
ly. 1 counted thirty myself and then
stopped for fear the shock would be too
much if I discovered another. For that
is the bighwater mark in ray experience
We stayed for dinner in the evening
and had a jolly good time.
There were two other invitations for
Saturday night— the Oakland and Miller
cotillons. Three cards for one night al
ways makes me grow reminiscent and
prate of other days.
Un Friday night we did i;he light fan
tastic at the Fortnightly. Really I wish
some of the girls would get new gowns.
Manners may make a man, but clothes
in; k'- a woman. And when lovely woman
Bt< ops to the folly of making the same
gown do duty a dozen times no art can
soothe my melancholy.
Were I a modern Midas I would pen
sion off the gowns that have seen hard
service. I would give in exchange for
tn ,. veterans of many a ball and rout,
creations fresh from Madame Modiste.
Kut 'tis Impossible. I must wend my
weary way through the season, striving to
view with kind eyes gowns that openly
Haunt the sad badge of servitude.
To be sure there are a few whose
clothes never look like bark numbers.
But unless one carries a pocket micro
scope those few are lost in the multi
tude And since we have all taken to
copying Mrs. Joe Tobin our gowns al
ways look as though they were made for
S °Pep whist! whilo I whisper something.
Ob it's true! Her dressmaker told me.
"Ou! mademoiselle." she said the other
morning "zat is tres easy. I can make
you look almost ze same. You would
Ilk" it nest pas?"
Hut I resisted the temptation to look
the Tobinesque. It may sound like heresy,
but really I have not educated myself up
to that standard. Snme day I may be
able to prop my taste up to the ultra
modern notch. Cultivating a taste is al
ways difficult for me. Even oysters and
oltvt-s came hard at first.
To return to the cotillon. There was a
very plentiful sprinkling of men. so it was
a success For beautiful women and
gowns only make it a success from the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B aß■■■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ff ■■■■■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ -■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
J ---NOVELTY
f Fresh arrivals of New Goods permit us THIS WEEK to offer
I extraordinary values in Silks and Black and Colored Dress
I Goods. All that is correct and stylish in new weaves,
if designs, texture and fabric is embodied in our magnifi-
T cent display at the LOWEST POSSIBLE QUOTATIONS.
■ T COLORED
I DRESS GOODS!
I At 2Sc.
I 85 pieces 37-INCH FANCY MIXED
■ DRESS GOODS, assorted styles,
| value for 50c a yard, will be placed
i j on sale at 25c a yard.
B At 75c.
I 47 pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL
■ FRENCH LADIES' CLOTH, all
colors, worth $1 a yard, will be
■ offered at 75c a yard.
■ At BSc.
1 32 pieces 46-INCH FRENCH NOV-
i ELTY SUITING, new colorings,
crepon weaves, good value for
I $1 25, will be placed on sale at 85c
_ a yard.
I At $1.00.
I ->9 pieces 54-INCH FINE ALL-
■ " WOOL MIXED COVERT CLOTH,
T latest colorings, worth $1 2d a
■ yard, will be offered at $1 a yard.
■ At $1.00.
•>•> pieces 44-INCH NOVELTY OT-
■ ""TOMAN FRENCH PLAIDS, ele-
gant styles, will be placed on sale
■ at $1 a yard.
■ At
■ 17 pieces 46-INCH HIGH CLASS
NOVELTY REPP. PLAIDS, a
■ full line of colorings, worth $1 75
a yard, will be offered at $1 25 a
I 1 yard.
g At $1.50.
I 21 pieces 52-INCH SUPERIOR ALL-
■ WOOL ENGLISH BROAD-
CLOTH, all shades, value for $2
■ a yard, will be placed on sale at
$1 50 a yard.
I
B \F[f Murphy Building, *
■ Martet ani Jones Streets.
deaths laused by failure of the heart's
action are avoidable by a proper de
gree of rest before it is too late. Even
ten minutes will rest a tired brain and
body.
Diana de Poictiers, who at 50 charm
ed a king, always took an hour's rest
every day after her dinner, and Ninon
de l'Enclos, who was a wonder and a
beauty in extreme old age. periodically
went away into the country quite alone
for absolute rest. During the time she
talked very little, lived out in the open
air, went to bed at 9, and generally pre
scribed for herself a sort of modified
rest cure. It is said that she wore a
mask at night and a thick, greasy paste
over the face in the day during her se
clusion to feed the skin.
artistic standpoint. The number of men
and the quota of eliglbles regrulate the
function from the girls' standpoint.
After the cotillon we went to a delight -
ful supper at Mrs. Martin's. Romie Wal
lace was particularly bright and enter- !
taining. Indeed, most of us managed to !
sparkle. Even I .said one or two things ;
not wholly bad. I remarked as much to
Dick. He said I reminded him of a bril- !
liant lamp— with the light gone out.
Mrs. Martin's suppers always delight.
Of all people Mrs. Martin knows how to
arrange those sort of affairs.
That reminds me of the grill. It's the
correct glrly-girly place for luncheon now.
after a morning's shopping. Mabel and 1
dropped in the other day. Some of our
friends sat at the next table. Mabel says
she enjoyed herself immensely. She is not i
one of those who having eyes see not, and
having tnrs hear not. Bless her dear lit
tle heart, she looked so puzzled.
"Flo " she said, when we were on
the street, "do you suppose the girls real
ly mean to go slumming with them to
night and not take a chaperone?'"
"Oh, they'll take a chap alone," mum
bled I, and Mabel regained her moral
equilibrium. After all, her ears are not j
so sharp.
By way of a sensation there is a rumor
to the effect that Murphy pere refuses
to say. "Bless you. my children." to Ethel
and her fiance, Mr. Blddle. Mr. Biddle,
It is said, fails to come up to Mr.
Murphy's money standard. At least that
is what gossip says.
However, Ethel has snapped her fingers
and her mother is said to be a silent part
ner to her attitude. So on Wednesday al
most a hundred guests will shower Mr.
and Mrs. Blddle with rice.
In the meanwhile we are all on the gui
vive as to whether Mr. Murphy Sr. will
be in evidence.
We went to two luncheons this week,
and. needless to say. I enjoyed them. I
love to have my palate tickled. Dick says
I would be a credit to the other sex be
cause I know a good thing to eat when I
taste it and I can lie like a gentleman.
The first luncheon Mrs. Samuel Knight
gave us. Ollie Holbrook looked particu
larly pretty, and we spent most of the
time talking of her forthcoming tea. Jo
pie Loughborough. the Carolans. the Hop
ktnses, the Salisburys. Carrie Taylor. Su
sie Blanding and myself were the galaxy
of beauties who sat around the festive
board.
Thursday's luncheon was at the 'Var
sity Club. Mary Belle Gwln was hostess
and looked bewitching. Really. Peg. I'm
glnd I'm simply good-looking. If you are
more than that you get a reputation for
being a beauty. Once acquired, you like
to live up to that reputation, and it's too
much work. In love, your
FLORA McFLIMSEY.
RECORDS IN KISSING.
Of all the strange records which have
been set up that for kissing must be
reckoned among- the strangest; and it
is certainly a fact that serious at
tempts have been made at different
times to accomplish big kissing feats,
and that some of them have met with
a large measure of success.
Lancashire people are much given
to organizing odd competitions and
making strange wagers, and, there
fore, perhaps the folks in one small
SILK
DEPARTMENT!
SOc.
30 pieces FANCY BROCADED AND
STRIPED SILK, worth 85c, will be
placed on sale at 50c a yard.
75c.
80 pieces COLORED TAFFETA SILK,
in all the latest shades and tints,
very finest quality, will be placed on
sale at 75c a yard.
7 sc.
20 pieces BLACK FIGURED AND
BAYADERE STRIPED SATIN,
worth $1, will be placed on sale at
75c a yard.
7 sc.
15 pieces BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN,
heavy quality, worth $1. will be
placed on sale at 76c a yard.
$1.00.
40 pieces BLACK FIGURED SILK,
new designs, worth $1 25, will be
placed on sale at $1 a yard.
$1.00.
10 pieces 24-INCH BLACK GLACE
TAFFETA SILK, extra quality,
worth $1 25, will be placed on sal': at
SI a yard.
$1.2 5.
20 pieces BLACK BAYADERE AND
FIGURED SATIN, rich, handsome
designs, worth $1 75, will be placed on
sale at $1 25 a yard.
\F\f Murphy Building. *
Market and Jones Streets.
town in the county Palatine were not
surprised- when a male individual of
their number came forth with a chal
lenge to the effect that he would kiss
anybody for an hour for $20 a side and
give his opponent fifty start.
The challenge was promptly taken
up and then a set of rules were drawn
out which were to govern this curious
competition. Two judges wer* ap
pointed, and it was decided that no
kiss should count as a good one which
was not distinctly heard, and that the
lips should be properly closed for each
kiss Five faulty kisses in succession
were to disqualify the competitor.
: When matters had been settled thus
far a serious difficulty presented Itself
in that, eithe. because of modesty or
fear nobody could be found who would
undergo all the kissing, When, how
ever !t wan decided that the lady
kissed by the winner should receive *5
from the stakes many came £rwa£~J
and two were selected who patiently
underwent the operation.
The challenger commenced business
and, kissing in very good form, wound
up with a score of a little over 1800
for the hour. His opponent then
essayed the task of beating this figure,
and started off at a great rate. He
seems, however, not to have husbanded
j his forces with sufficient care for he
soon fell off badly, and after thirty-five
minutes, with only 700 to his credit, he
came to a full stop quite exhausted. m
A young German living at Munich
has also been trying to set up a kissing
record, and though he did not quite
accomplish all he wished to do he
nevertheless did surprisingly well, The
conversation at a party turned upon
i kissing and some one remarked that the
familiar phrase, "ten thousand kisses,
so often appended to lovers' letters,
could only be a rhetorical flourish, and
that nobody would really be able with
in a reasonable time to accomplish
such a feat.
However, this young Teuton, who
I was engaged, boldly undertook, -with
i the consent of his betrothed, to print
10,000 kisses upon her fair lips in ten
hours, stipulating only that he might
be allowed a very brief interval for re
freshments every half-hour. Some
ladies might resent such a condition
as being ungallant. but this one con
sented, and when umpires had been
appointed, the p-oceedlngs began.
For some time it looked as if the
kissed would do the trick. The score
stood at 2000 at the end of the first
hour, and though only 1000 were added
in the second hour his prospects still
looked good. In the third hour, how
ever, the proce:dings came to an
j abrupt and unpleasant conclusion, for
at the 750 th kiss the operator's lips be
came paralyzed and he lost conscious
] ness. ■.. vJ-'Si;
Spaniards have a weakness for pro
verbs. Among these are some about.
women that do not show a very high
estimation of the sex. and most Tf
which would not apply to Englisn
women, whether or not they may be
true of the land of the castanets. Some
of the best known are:
Choose neither a wife nor linen by
candle light.
Women and weather are not to be
trusted.
No reason is as brief as a woman's
love.
He who has a handsome wife or a
castle on the frontier is never without
fear.
A woman may be loyal in love, but
never to lovers.
Woman is a curious creature with
long hair and short ideas.
In the earlier ages dancing was ad
vocated as a cure for sickness. Lycurgrus
brought back from India and Egypt to
Lacedemonia notions of medico-religious
dances and enacted that the Spartan
youth should be brought up gracefully and
symmetrically. In Greece Socrates com
mended dancing with a view to educating
the mind and body, for he looked on It
as a health-giving device.
BLACK
DRESS GOODS!
, \ ,At:2sc.
25 pieces : . 37-INCH ' ALL-WOOL
LADIES' CLOTH, extra good
value for 40c, will ! be sold at 25c
a yard. ,
■ ... At. 4Oc. :■.,-
25 pieces 45-INCH FIGURED
BRILLIANTINE, ; worth'. 6Sc, will
be sold at 40c a yard. .;-,• v
'/■■; ■ '•; j_ \ ,'■:. ,■ .
At SOc. .
25 pieces 45-INCH ALL PURE
WOOL ENGLISH BOURETTE,
marked down from $1 to 50c a
yard. )
At 75c. - •■-'■■ _-'
20 pieces 46-INCH CREPONS, in
new designs, actual value $1, will
be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At $1.00.
20 pieces 52-INCH ALL PURE
WOOL "SCOTCH CHEVIOTS,
worth SI 50, will be sold at SI a
yard.
/ At $1.00.
|20 pieces 46-INCH FINE ALL-
WOOL MOHAIR NOVELTIES
worth regular. SI 50, will be ; sold
a|. -41 a yard. .- ■::■;■• h-_
At $1.50.
120 pieces 58-INCH ALL-WOOL
; ENGLISH SERGES AND CHEV-
I lOTS, suitable for tailor-made
suitings, actual value $2, will >be
I sold at SI 50 a yard. , - ■ : .. ;
{/(f Murphy Building-. m
Market :aii; Jones Streets.CARE OF THE HANDS
As an Aid
TO BEAUTY.
By Mme. Hygeia
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in
science of cosmetics and the hygiene of proper living. If any one
s information or either of these subjects their questions will be
illy answered in these columns. Write &z often as you like, ask
as many questions aj you please and sign any name that you choose.
ss all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, ian Fran-
cisco.
PRETTY hand, when it be
to a woman. Is certainly
/ \, a most adorable possession. It
;'L \\ should be Boft and yielding and
\\ caressing— that is. caressing: for
V> the right person— its point?
. an I and dainty, the skin of a
ss and the nails carefully
shell pink tint. All
. |j a matter of care and culti
mpers and paragons
,-. be large, but if it is white
ft its stee is forgotten, while, if It
r tipped with badly Bhap
■ for nailß, it is a most un
• ■•• however tiny, dimpled and
,1 it may be. Soft, sensitive
what a woman can least af
-•-. for they are needed to nurse
■■! quick sewing and to handlo
R< ally perfect hands are
: w other nice things in this
though we cannot all have
• d after the Gainsborough
struggle along very well
Imitations, providing we
i and well groomed.
i must see to it that the
tly clean, and to accom
asional hand scrubbing
I castlle soap will be nec
the scrubbing never fail to
Is in clear water, after
• be dried on a towel tnat
r rough, and that ab
le of moisture.
nds are unusually moist,
should never be put into
water should be tepid.
drying thoroughly, gently loosen
he skin at the base of the
f this is done religiously there will
ssity of cutting it away. I
The hands should receive their most
ath at bedtime, for then is the
can best apply your cold
which in most cases will be all
ry to keen the hands soft
Ice You will find the following cold
tream delightful for hands that are rough
-
White wax. one-half ounce.
Spermaceti, one ounce.
if sweet almonds, four and one
half ounces.
Glycerin, one and one-half ounces.
Oil* of rose geranium, eight drops.
Melt the oils. Remove from fire and
beat in the glycerin and perfume. Stir
briskly until cold and white.
Another cream which is most excellent
and which will be a-s light and Huffy as
the white of an egg is made after the
following formula:
Benzoinated mutton tallow, three
incps.
SOU of sweet almonds, one ounce.
Glycerin, two drams.
water, two drams.
Oil of rose geranium, twenty drops.
The benzoinated mutton tallow can be
made" by taking one-half pound of the tal
low anil one-half ounce of benzoin and
keeping at a high temperature until the
alcohol has completely evaporated. Strain
through muslin.
Thon to make the cream, heat the tal
low and oil of almonds in one vessel—
porcelain; of course— and the other three
fr.grt clients in another. Mix the two and
stir until cold.
This is not a desirable face cosmetic, on
account of the mutton tallow, which
might possibly cause superfluous hair to
Hands which easily become red and
rough are often benefited by being washed
in tinea] water. Take some good oat
meal and boil it in water for an hour,
strain and use the liquid to wash with
night and morning. This will soften the
and whiten it. A handful of fine
oatmeal just thrown into the water you
are about to wash in will also have a
softening effect.
Lemon juice will remove stains and a
bit of pumice stone will do away with
callous places and ink spots.
Very red hands should never be put Into
pompadour is monarch of all
it surveys. It reigns with an
unequaled despotism. It refuses
absolutely to be given up. If
the hair 1b not thick enough to drees
hot water, and can be whitened by using
lemon juice and plenty of cold en-am.
Cold 'Team should always be applied af
ter using lemon juice or any acid, to sup
ply the oil which the acid has destroyed.
It must be remembered that none or
those remedies will prove efficacious, 11,
from any special cause t lie hands are
red. Tight sleeves, gloves or corsets that
are too snug will all redden the hands.
Nothing can be done for joints that
have become enlarged from work or dis
ease.
For moist, perspiring hands, a lot.on
made of seven ounces of cologne and one
ounce of belladonna will be found bene
ficial. And. to protect the gloves, vrear
bits of absorbent cotton, sprinkled with
powdered, prepared chalk in the palms
of your gloves.
A very delightful lotion for chapped
hands, which will be iiuickly absorbed by
the skin and will not leave the hands
greasy, can be made as follows:
Gum tragacanth, whole, 60 grains.
Roaewater, 14 ounces.
Glycerin, one ounce.
Alcohol, one ounce.
J-et the tragacanth soften in the rose
water for a day or two, and then strain
forcibly through muslin or cheesecloth.
Then add the glycerin and alcohol, which
have been previously mixed, shake well
and perfume to suit.
The nails must be <^ept immaculate al
ways, and the hand, if well kept, will
look wholesome and clean and cannot fail
to be an object of admiration, even
though not shapely.
Answers to Correspondents.
MRS. 11. S. V.— You must remedy the
disordered liver before you can hope to
get rid of the liver spots. Outward appli
cations will be of nn earthly use as long
as the condition which causes them
exists. AVht-n one Is afflicted with a shiny
nose, the first thins to do la to look to
the diet, for the refulgent nose Is a pretty
surf sign that ono has been indulging in
fravies, fats, pastries and other things
Isastrouß to the digestion. Eat lots of
fruit and avoid sweets of every descrip
tion, and then use the following lotion:
Alcohol, four ounces; ammonia. one
I'uncc; oil of lavender, one dram. Mix by
shaking !n a six ounce bottle. Add one
scant teaspoonful of this to two quarts of
warm water when th^ face is bathed. Do
not use one drop more of this than the
quantity just given. After washing the
face' in the water containing the lotion,
apply a little rose water and then pow
der well.
< '. V. X. — Oh. I wish 1 could Impress
upon you girls the utter folly of using
face bleaches, or. in fact, of putting upon
your faces anything that is strong enough
to remove the cuticle. Nearly all such
preparations contain corrosive' sublimate
which is a deadly poison and often as In
your own case, the result Is most disas
trous. I think It very likely that soap
not agree with your skin. At any
rate, discontinue its use for a time. Use
almond meal Instead, and stop using the
skin food. Never use anything of that
sort that you buy in the shops and do not
know the ingredients of. The following
pkin food cannot be improved upon: Sper
maceti. V 4 ounce; white wax, ft ounce;
sweet almond oil, 1 ounce; lanollne, 1
ounce: cocoanut oil, 1 ounce: tincture of
benzoin, 10 drops; orange flower water. 1
ounce. Go only to a first-class druggist
to have this prepared, so as to make sure
of getting the very best quality of ingre
dients. After washing the face each night
■with tepid water and almond meal mas
sage thoroughly with the skin food. Don't
neglect the daily tepid sponge bath, with
a hot bath once or twice a week, and
plenty of exercise, and I feel certain that
your skin will improve. Let me know.
MRS. S.— As your hair Is so very oily 1
should recommend a tonic made of fif
teen grains of quinine dissolved in one
half pint of alcohol. Once in two weeks
is quite often enough to wash the hair
and when it is liberally endowed with
natural oils a dessertspoonful of ammonia
and a pinch of borax should be added to
two quarts of warm water, when wash-
into a pompadour naturally a rat is
worn which makes an elaborate pom
padour possible, even though the hair
1S Once' the style is adopted it is dif
ficult to change it. Imagine having the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
Ing. This will soften the water, and
make the soap more easily rinsed out of
the hair. By "light exercise" I mean
not to take violent exercise. Fats,
gravies, sauces and sweets are the worst
things in the world for any stomach. If
you wish to gain flesh you must oat
starchy, fattening- foods, such as rice,
butter, cereals, eggs, milk and game, tapi
oca, sago, vermicelli or custard pudding,
macaroni, cheese and salad served with
plenty of oil. but no vinegar. Avoid
pickles and acids of all kinds. A bowl of
bread and milk, just before retiring, will
help wonderfully in your effort to gain
LATEST LONDON STYLES OF DRESSING THE HAIR.
hair (padded) thick and full in a puff
around the face one day and the next
day (without a "rat") having it drawn
back flat and comparatively thin. It
would be almost like suffering the piti
ably ludicrous affliction of suddenly be
OLIVE-GREEN AND BROWN CLOTH GOWN.
flesh. I am sure you arc not the least bit
of a "crank" as you term yourself, but
the jolliest kind of a little woman.
S. B. B.— l am so sorry that I could not
send you the personal reply you asked
for, but it is impossible for me to send
these unless it is to give some name or
address or other Information that can
not be printed in the paper. As your
skin is exceptionally dry do not use snap
when washing the face. Rub almond
meal gently over it instead; it will cleanse
and at the same time lubricate the nkln.
After having thoroughly rinsed and
dried the face massage with the skin food
coming bald. Unquestionably an era
of borrowed locks and more or less
elaborate hair dressing is upon us, and
this notwithstanding that simply ar
ranged hair is far more becoming and
youthful. But since fashion decrees It
formula for which Is given In foregoing
reply to C. V. K. In massaging always
rub transversely, to all lines. For tue
lines about the eyes hold the flesh taut
with the nngers of one hand while you
rub with the other, using a circular, up
ward and outward movement. This is
as near as it Is possible to describe it in
print. Try the following lotion on the
freckles: Three grains borax, five drams
rosi water and five drams orange flower
water. If the brown patches are liver
spots nothing will remove them until the
diseased condition of the liver, which
causes them, is remedied.
lovely woman stoops to the folly. The
"empire," or neck curls are seen at all
manner of times and places and with
all sorts of gowns. They are only per
missible when artistically arranged
with an evening gown. It requires the
FASHION'S
Thanksgiving Season
FANCIES.
«f7 UST at Thinksgiving time Dame
Fashion takes a full breath. Not
JUST her royal mandates are less
Fashion takes a full breath. Not
that her royal mandates are less
\l ' )) frequent or less imperious.
\z = £' Dressmakers' and milliners' bills
■.: Vv;' . occupy their time-honored posi
tion at the breakfast table along
with the coffee pot and the morning pa
per. >"-:-
But Dame Fashion has lost her worried,
care-worn look. Unpaid bills are not in
her dominion, and she enjoys a breathing
spell. Not that she is idle, perish the
thought! But her ingenuity and time are
devoted to trifles thin as air, yet inex
pressibly dear to her feminine heart and
dearer yet to her followers. For. at
Thlnksgiving-tlde fads and novelties— in
short, the et ceteras of the toilet, occupy
the attention of Dame Fashion. Her royal
edicts regarding other matters have all
been made public. The correct styles for
the winter coats, wraps, hats, gowns and
bodices, are no in dispute. The
royal finger of Fashion points indisputa
bly to what is to be and what is not to
be.
Until Fashion has settled the more nec
essary matters she turns a deaf ear to the
fads and novelties. But when one by one
the other questions are disposed of. then
she lets herself run riot in dainty and
bewitching accessories. .
They are as plentiful as the sand of the
sea. Odd buttons, new designs in Jewels,
airy-fairy trifles that can be fastened on
anywhere, something new from the crown
of the head to the sole of the foot.
And the heroine of the hour Is the
crayet or jabot. It is displayed every
where and every woman either possesses
one or has one in the course of construc
tion. Those shown in the shops are ex
tremely pretty, but If one is fond of doing
dainty needlework, the making of the
cravats will be a pleasure as well as an
ooonorov
The most popular of these new stocks
is made of dotted silk muslin, the stock
laid in folds, the cravat ends brought
around from the back, cut in points and
tied in a knot. The stock fastens at the
back and is very easily adjusted.
Other equally pretty ones are made of
white mousseline de sole, the ends over
laid with fine black lace. :
Next to this comes the one of white
satin with white lace applique. These
have ends either edged with very narrow
black lace or fine pleatings of satin rib
bon in color to match the cravat. There
are plain black ones mat go very stylish
ly with the blouses of light colored silk,
and those of pure white muslin are
There are vests and wide revers with
stocks built on that may be easily ad
justed to the plainest bodice, and at once
give It a dressy air. They come In white,
in black and in all colors, preferably pf
satin. Tucking and rows of extremely
narrow lace and shirred nbjon are used
for trimming. of lace, either real or imi-
Every kind of lace, either real or imi
tation, Is used in pome way.
If you are fortunate enough to possess
lace of any description twist and twirl
it into a becoming knot. If there are
some pieces too large to be used in this
manner It can be utilized in other ways.
Little sleeveless coats of lace are
charming adjuncts to a plain bodice. Lace
polonaises are worn as well. They are cut
away at the neck usually to show the un
der bodice of chiffon. Short jackets of
black Chantllly over white satin are ex
ceedingly stylish, made with the round
cutaway basque and cut out at the neck
enough to give a yoke effect to the chif
fon bodice worn underneath. A narrow
ruche of black chiffon finishes the edge
prettily. Elbow sleeves are the rule for
this sort of a bodice.
"Whether of lace, chiffon, fancy silk or
tulle these jabots are considered the most
delicate touches of elegance. They have
a pleasing soft effect and are particularly
becoming. They have an unmistakable
Frenchy air about them that proclaims
the origin of their design if not the place
of their manufacture.
Buttons have been allotted a prominent
position in society. They are of enamel,
exquisitely painted, of diamonds, of an
tique silver and of pinchbeck, and even
of old lace mounted on velvet, but one and
all of them are of great size.
Cameos that have long gathered the
dust are being brought out of jewel cases.
They are turned to good account as but
tons and as clasps at present, and they
are fashionable. • •'•;-
Spun silk hosiery was never so beauti
art of experienced hands to arrange
these curls so that they shall not dis
figure the wearer. As a rule they look
like extraneous bunches or fringed
pendants, and the manufacturer's tag
is not necessary to proclaim the false
ful in design and coloring. It Is fre
quently made to simulate real lace, and
although so fragile . . looking, is said to
wear fairly well. A now fad is the self
gartering hose, made with a ribbon run
through the top and tied In a dainty
bow.
Evening slippers in the latest style are
made of cashmere. in light blue or red.
They have the high Louis XIV Instep and
are finished with fancy sliver buckles.
In walking shoes the most approved
mode is in calf leather with fancy bro
guing laces and medium heel.
The gloves proposed for evening wear
this season are decided : novelties. The
color is a gTls de perle. It is stitched in
silk of white or of the same color and
each of these stttchlngs on . the back
of the glove is surrounded or outlined In
the fainter and most delicate lavender
threads.
Another pair of gloves for evening
wear has black, white or cream lace
reaching almost to the shoulders.
Any one of these oddities make pretty
and acceptable gifts for the holidays.
The fluffy Jabots and stocks are espe
cially suitable for this purpose.
_: »
GROWNS FOR
GIRLS AND
MATRONS.
FOR dinner parties the waists ar«
made with long sleeves, gulmpea
and sleeves of a light material, and
skirt and waist of heavier silk.
This makes the gown suitable for a the
ater party afterward.
For a young girl a pretty gown might
be made of light blue veilng wth a gored
flounce headed and edged on the lower
part wth three rows of blue velvet rib
bon No. 2; round blouse cut with a slight
square in front and edged with the rib
bon, and an inßide frill oj. lace to match
that at the wrists; revers of white satin
embroidered with spangles which imitate
turquoise, and are sold by the dozen; a
belt to match, fastening with a buckle of
gilt and turquoise.
For an elder sister a black taffeta skirt
would be effective if worn with a waist
of figured taffeta in which rose pink
comes out strongly, giving an excuse for
collar and belt of pink velvet in narrow
folds with a bow of pointed ends at the
back of each, and two rhinestone but
tons fastening both collar and belt a lit
tle to the left of the front; the waist is
made with a blouse front with a small
yoke of white lace edged with a ruche el
silk having fringed edges.
The mother, being supposedly a matron
of 50 years, might wear a black satin
skirt made with five gores and finished
with two narrow bias rufttVs on the edge;
coat basque of satin brocade in lavender,
violet or silvery blue shades, with a coat
skirt five Inches deep, long rovers and
small sleeves.
Vest of white silk overlaid with heavy
lace, and high collar to match with a
frill of soft lace at the back and In
the wrists, the edges finished with a nar
row band of jet embroidery. A black silk
dress with white silk or lace vest or yoke
and collar and Jet trimming would be an
other matronly toilet.
The plan so long talked of for utilizing
the wonderful power furnished by St.
Mary's Falls, Michigan, has assumed
definite shape, involving, of course, exca
vation on a vast scale, the dredging re
quired at the intake being for a channel
some 18 feet deep, 400 feet wide and 2000
feet long. According to the design at
present contemplated, the canal proper
will be 200 feet wide and have a depth of
22 feet. In addition to the general work
of dredging, there is a rock excavation
of 4000 feet, an earth excavation of 7000
feet for the canal, the construction of
timber bulkheads 2500 feet long, the build
ing of huge walls of masonry, an im
mense pile dock, branch railway, etc,
■ ♦ ■
Some of the colored people in Alnbama
try to cure themselves of rheumatism by
sleeping with a young dog.
hair. They age by several years a
youngr woman's face and their effect on
older women is little short of pathetic
The pompadour itself, softly and be
comingly arranged, is pretty and haa a
halo-like effect that is beautiful.
2728
Henry James' Latest Social Study
It Is Galled "la the Cage," and Deals With ar\ English Telephone QirL
IN the Cage," by Henry James, is a book
concerning the merits of which there
Is sure to be a great diversity of opin
ion. The reader who is looking for a
:-t.<ry full of incident and easy to read
Will be disappointed. The reader who is
looking for a very high class literary
production will also be disappointed.
What, then, is the quality of the
work?
This Question is easier asked than an
swered, but there is a charm about "In
the Cage" that only seems to reveal itself
after certain paragraphs have been read
several times.
The reader unacquainted with the style
of writing will remark that it is "a queer
book." and possibly cast it aside.
Nevertheless "In the Cage" is well
worth reading, and when finished it will
impressions on the mind that will
not vanish in a day. '
It might be said that from a literary
point of view the style of writing is too
high for the subject. In paragraphs the
style is fit for an allegory, and yet the
subjects handled are of the most com
monplace. There seems to be the point.
Subject and style of writing are mcon-
What little plot there is to the story is
•wound around a poor English girl who
spends her life behind the wire rage of a
telegraph office. Here she meets and
knows people that she never sees
where. She In many instances does not
. \ ,n know the persons' positions in life,
end yet their affairs become a part of her
being Her narrow horizon recedes a lit
tle beyond the walls of the grocery-store
where the telegraph office is located,
when she feels an interest in the doings
. rs. i»f course, the English nobility
iught into the story, and the virtues
and crimes of the different leaders ot so
ciety make a dazzling Impression on the
pirl > mind.
She handles telegrams from one of the
highest peers in the realm, and inciden
tal^ learns certain facts not to his lord
ship's credit. She puts several Incidents
t'.cether and thinks she has found out
something. In the end. however it turns
out that she was all wrong. She finally
gets out of her cage, but not out of the
Social sphere in which the cage Is located.
A well-to-do grocery man is the happy
man U least, this is what the reader is
left to infer when the vague but almost
trafic end is reached.
In spite of his unusual style of dealing
With his subject Mr. James' word painting
is very vivid when once his coloring is
understood. It is also both truthful and
strong Following are a few sentences of
the opening paragraphs and will serve to
give an idea of the style of writing:
It had cxv-urred to he.r early that In her po
sition-that of a young person spending. In
framed and wired confinement, the life of a
g U | nea pij or a magpie — she should know a
great many persons without their recognizing
the acquaintance. That made it an emotion
the more lively— though singularly rare ana
always, even then, with opportunity still very
much smothered— to see any one come in whom
she knew, a? she called it, outside, an-: who
could add somethins to the poor identity of
her function. Her function was to sit there
with twu young men— the other telegraphist
and the counter clerk; to mind the "sounder."
which was always going, to dole out stamps
an.l postal orders, weigh letters, answer stupid
questions, give difficult change, and, more than
anything else, count words as numberless as
the san.ls of the sea. the words of the tele
grams thrust, from morning to night, through
the gap left in the high lattice, across the
encumbered shelf that her forearm ached with
rubbing. This transparent screen fenced out
or fenced in. according to the side of the. nar
row counter on which the human lot was
cast, the duskiest corner of a shop pervaded not
a little, in winter, by the poison of perpetual
pas and at all times by the presence of hams,
cheese, dried fish. soap, varnish, paraffin and
other solids and fluids that she came ,to know
perfectly by tho!r smells without consenting
to know them by their names. The barrier
that divided the little post-and-telegraph-office
from th<* grocery was a frail structure of wood
and wire: but the social, the professional sep
qulte remarkable had [pared her the necessity
of contributing at all publicly to bridge.
Herbert S. Stone & Co., publishers. Chi
cago. For sale by all booksellers. Price
$1 25.
BOOKS
RECEIVED
THE STORY OF AMERICA— By Heze- !
kiah Butterworth. A condensed history I
of our country from prehistoric times.
Every important event of which there is j
any record is here set down. This book 1
is concise and readable. Th<> Werner
Company, publishers. Akron. Ohio.
THE R.iXCHE ON THE OXHIDE.— By
Henry Truman. A story of boys' and '
girls' life on the frontier. The Macmillan
Company, publishers. Now York.
THE WORKERS; THE WEST— By
Walter A. "Wyekoff. While it is generally
conceded by working men themselves that ;
Mr. WyckonTs articles are valueless in 1
FRATERNAL NEWS
THE EASTERN* STAR.
Next Tuesday evening Harmony Chap
ter will give a grand entertainment and
ball in Native Sons' Hall.
Miss Cordie Wetjen, daughter of Mrs.
E. D. Wetjen, worthy matron of Har
mony Chapter, who accompanied her
mother on the occasion of her visit East
to attend the golden wedding of her par
ents, returned with her mother and will
take part in the entertainment to be
given on Tuesday next. It will be her
first appearance in public In this city
in months. Miss Wetjen, who is well
known as California's wonderful wniatler,
while in the East appeared be
fore several audiences and won high
commendation for her wonderful talent.
She was offered a number of engagements
for concerts in December and sne accept
ed them, but was unexpectedly forced to
cancel all on account of illness, resulting
from severe cold following exceedingly
sultry weather. Since her return to ban
Francisco the young lady has fully re
covered and she is of the opinion that
there is no climate like that of California.
The following officers of Golden Gate Chap
ter No. 1, recently elected, will be installed on
the night of the Ist of Dot ember: Mrs. Ada
R. Duncan, M. ; Ernest K. Head. P.; Mips Ella
JJradley, A. M. ; Mrs. Mary A. Hawley, S. ;
Xirfi Kllen Ondon, T. : Mrs. Maud \V. Ter
•svilllnKer. C.J Miaa Minnie Jellinek, A. C. The
appointed officers will be Installed at the same
time.
ICinion Chapter has elected the following;
officers: Mrs. Elien Wilson. M. ; Andrew
rhrfstensen. P.; Mrs. Alice Hickie, A. M.;
Mrs. Mary G- Foster, 8.; Mrs. Sarah M.
Flack, T. : Mrs. Hattle McPhun. C; Mrs. .Sarah
A. OOX, A. C.
< >ak Leaf Chapter has electeil the following
■■-: Mr?. Adu D. Hewes, M.; W. F.
Pierce. P.; Mrs. Evelyn F. Mayon. A. M. ;
Mr«. Cynthia C. N. Walter, X. : Mri. Annie D.
Cotnming-, T. ; Mrs. S. L,. Beekwith, C. ; Mtsa
C M Johnson, A. C,
There is a prospect of a chapter being
organized in Delamar, Nev.
GOLDEN GATE COMMANDERY.
The ladies' club of Golden Gate Com
mandery. K. T., gave the nrst of a series
of winter parties in Golden Gate Com
mandery Hall last Tuesday night. The
hal! was very tastefully decorated and
the attendance numbered about 100, the
invitations being confined exclusively to
the membership of the club and the mem
bers of the commandery. The function
was under the direction of Mrs. M. A.
Spear. Mrs. G. E. Dow. Dr. Edna R.
Field. Mrs. H. Sadler and Mrs. C. C. Dow,
and was a most enjoyable one. The club
proposes to have a reunion once a month.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The entertainment given Thursday
night under the auspices of the lodges of
the First District was well attended, and i
the programme presented was a very en
joyable one.
On Thursday night Western Addition
Lodge had an exemplification of the de
gree work, presented by A. H. Nowell,
D D. G. M. The same evening Oriental
Encampment- worked In the golden rule
and roy,» purple degrees.
The next meeting 'f the convention on
the Golden Jubilee Celebration will be on
the 12th of next moyth.
THE REBEKAHB.
""Vvsloa Robelv«b Lodge has decided to
the particular point that he tries to make, ]
there is no . doubt that they contain i
a vast amount of valuable information ,
concerning wage earner?. To tell how it
feels to be a working man Is Impossible
on Mr. Wyckoffs part, because he was
merely an observer. He did not reel the
Inner "life of the wagre earner because he
did not have to work, and was conse
quently on the outside of it. But Mr.
Wyckoff did what no other writer has
done before. He hap studied the wage |
earner and knows what they suffer and j
how they enjoy such pleasures as they ;
can obtain, fie ha? been with the house- |
less thousands who, night after night, I
throng the streets of our big cities. He |
has met as fellows men who have no
thought of the past and no hope for the
future. In his hust volume, "The West,"
he deals with life on this side of the Alle
ghanies.. This should be studied by all
thoughtful people anu they will gain in- |
formation about such things as they never j
thought existed. Charles Scribner's Sons,
publishers. New York. Price $150.*
NATURAL TAXATION. — An in
quiry into the practicability, justice and
effects of. a so-called scientific and nat
ural method of taxation. By Thomas G.
Shearman. Doubleday & McClure Com
pany, publishers, New York.
DOMITIA.— By Rev. S. Baring-Gould.
The most powerful novel of this writer.
It deals with early Christian life in Rome
in the time of Nero: but it goes farther
and narrates the Intensely interesting oc
currences under Nero's successors. With
sixteen fuil-page illustrations by Izora C.
Chandler. Cover by George Wharton
Edwards, Frederick A. Stokes Company.
publishers. New York. Price $1 50.
THE ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN
KETTLE— By Cutcliffe Hyne. A reprint
of many of the thrilling sea stories that
have appeared in the different newspapers
during the last year. "Captain Kettle"
h.is become a character in fiction and
Cutcliffe Hyne's stories about him are
the most original tales that have appeared
in many a day. Some of them may be
lacking" in plot, but for writing descrip
tions of life on the sea in modern times
th. y easily take first place. Doubleday &
McClure Company, publishers, New York.
THE MODERN MAN AND MAID— By
Sarah Grand. A small volume worthy of
the sineerest study by our young people.
Mine. Grund has much sympathy with
modern thought of the rising generation.
What she says is worth considering. T.
Y. Crowell & Co., publishers. New York.
THE KING'S WARD— By Jessie Van
Zile Belden. Being a chronicle of events
in the life of Charles Norton. Knight. A
story of the Middle Ages. F. Tennyson
Neefey, publisher. New York.
PHILIP'S EXPERIMENTS— By John
Trowbridge. An easy book for the teach
ing of physical science at home. Every
boy should have it. Appleton & Co., pub
lishers, New York. For sale by William
Doxey. Price $1.
TWIXT YOU AND ME— By Grace Le
Baron. A story for girls. Little. Brown
& Co., publishers. Boston. Price $1 50.
IN THE NAVY: OR. FATHER
AGAINSi SON— By Warren Lee Goss.
This story is a thrilling narrative of naval
adventures in the Civil War. The hu
man interest is strong and many aspects
of the republican form of government are
considered. It is readable. T. Y. Crowell
& Co., publishers. New York. Price $1 50.
DAVID HARUM —By David Noyes
Weatcott. A story of American life. The
book Is a novel and throughout it runs a
love story which is characterized by a
sympathetic treatment and a powerful
human Interest. D. Appleton & Co., pub
lishers. New York. For sale by William
Doxey. Price SI 50.
TWO BIDDICUT BOYS— By J. J. Trow
bridge. A tale of the adventures of two
youngsters with a wonderful trick dog.
Highly interesting and Insrtuctlve. The
Century Company, publishers. New York.
FRONTIER STORIES— By Cy War
man. Charles Sc-ribner's Sons, publishers,
New York.
ENOCH THE PHILISTINE — 3y Le
Roy Hooker. A traditional romance of
Philistia. Egypt, and the great pyramid.
Full of action and Interest, as well as of
information of an era of the world that
has louk passed away. While not a book
of the highest class, it is well worth read
ing. Rand, McNally & Co., publishers,
■Chicago.
A SOLDIER OF THE LEGION— By
Charles Ledyard Norton. A story of the
great Northwest. W. A. Wild Company,
publishers, Boston.
MIRIAM— By Gustav Kobbe. "Miriam"
is a story of the Nantucket New South
Shoal lightship told in thy quaint dialect
of thai amphibious islund by one who
has seen it in al! its varying phases, win
ter and summer. It is a iascinating
"yarn," and, while full of exciting phs.
sages, ends with a most unexpected < !i
max. T. Y. Crowell & Co.. publishers.
New York.
* * •
Popular religious books of which Messrs.
Crowell make a Bpeclalty will be well reirre
sented by th»- fallowing: "The Joy of Service,"
hy J. R. Miller. D.D.. 16m0.. cloth, 75c: gilt
top. Jl; "The Gentleness oi Jesus." by Mark
Guy T'earse, 16m0., cloth. Toe: gilt top, Jl;
"Mark Time," by Anna R. Brown Lindsay,
author of "What Is Worth While?" 18mo..
cloth, ornamental. 75c; "Through My Specta
cles," by Mary H. Perkins (Dorcas Hicks),
18mo., i loth, 75c; "Young People's Problems,"
by J. R. Miller, D.D., 18mo., cloth, 75c; "by
give an entertainment on the 15th of De
cember which will be in the nature of a
Darktown minstrel show. The ladies are
to black up.
Templar Lodge at its meeting on the
12th inst. initiated three candidates, one
being J. W. Harris, tho grand patriarch
of the Encampment branch. Trie event
w ;is followed by a sumptuous banquet.
There were many ladies and gentlemen
in Prospect Hall of the Odd Fellows'
building last Wednesday night in response
to the invitations sent out by Oriental Re
bekah Lodge, to attend the compliment
ary party which was got up under the
direction of Mrs. Lena Jarvis. N. G. ; Miss
M. Morgan. V. G. : Mrs. 1.. Pinkham. Mrs.
F. Pierce. Annie Webt. Abbie Swine am)
Mesßrs. Lutley nnd Davis. It was one of
those admirah.e social events for which
this lodge is noted. There was a short pro
gramme, the numbers being contributed
by Charles Reed, Janette Draper. Miss
Strahan and Messrs. Goodefund. Chapin
and Hernandez, and a dance followed.
This lodge will have a candy pull on the
21st of December.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
On the 28th inst. there will be given in
R'ne B'rith Hall a musical and literary
entertainment under the auspices of Gold
en Gate, Valley and Golden West lodges,
which are in District No. 5. A fine pro
gramme has been arranged for the even
ing.
On the evening of the 12th inst. Spartan
Lodge was visited by Grand Master
Bahrs, who delivered an instructive ad
dress.
Arrangements are being made by the
various districts of this city to give a
series of district meetings, commendnK !
next month. These meetings are to be
held at the request of Grand Master
Workman Bahrs. He proposes to infuse
new zeal and enthusiasm in the order.
Oak Leaf Lodge of Oakland proposes a
very interesting meeting for its members
and friends on the evening of the 21*t inst.
Keystone Lodge gave an entertainment
on Monday evening last, the occasion be
ing their twentieth anniversary. The pro
gramme was of a musical and literary na
ture. Addresses were made by Grand
Master Workman George H. Bahrs and j
Judge Ogden of Keystone Lodge. After >
the programme the floor was cleared for ;
dancing, and an excellent supper was
served In the banquet room.
Oak Leaf Ix>dge paid several fraternal
visits in Oakland during the past week,
one to Pacific Lodge on Thursday even
ing and to Keystone Lodge on Tuesday
evening.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
The entertainment and musicale given
last Tuesday night by Silver Spray Lodge
in Excelsior Hall was attended by an au
dience that filled the hall to its utmost
and proved that the lodge is not without
a- host of friends. Mrs. M. J. Stewart,
P. 8. C. of H., and Mrs. J. Harrington
and Miss Celina Cooper, who were the
committee on entertainment, presented:
Piano selections, Mrs. Walter Malloy; ad
dress. Mrs. E. Mayon. G. C. of H.; in
strumental trio, Rosa Sturburg, Josephine
K. Welch and Miss Hadler; whistling
solo, E. Wales; recitation, Walter Malloy;
fancy dancing. Miss G. Smith; vocaliza
tions. Sam Booth, and remarks by W.
H. Barnes, P. G. M. W. The pro
gnmme was followed by dancing for the
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1808.
the Still Waters," by J. R. Miller. D.D.. illus
trated edition, 12m0., cloth, gilt top. we.
••Ships and Ha\-*ns," by Henry Van Dyke.
D.D.. fine edition from new plates. Umo..
cloth, gilt top, 60c. Trowell & Co.. Boston.
In Mr. Arthur Paterson's new novel of the
civil war, "The Gospel Writ in Steel, the
author describes the scenes in a Western town
when the President first called for volunteers,
and his pictures of the home sentiment ana
the preparations are of extreme interest. The
story affords a graphic account of Bull Kun,
and later the hero undergoes stirring adven
tures in Sherman's march to the sea Mr.
Paterson's romance, which is to be issued soon
by D. Appleton & Co., will be awaited with
ial interest.
"Lady Jezebel" Is the last tale from the pen
of Fergus Hume. Since the days of "The Mys
tery of a Hansom Cab," each new story by
this ingenious writer has found the
novel reading public eagerly awaiting it.
This last deals with a mysterious and horri
ble secret in the possession of "Lady Jezebel
a withered beldame, which all but dies with
"THE HINDOO'S PRAYER," MAMMOTH STATUE BY A, 5. STRASSER.
THE Hindoo's Prayer is the subject of a massive sculpture recently exhibited in Vienna by the artist. A.
Strasser, and which 'has attracted much attention. It is almost life-size. It is said that the Austrian Government
will very likely purchase it for the royal collection.
The statue represents a moment in the earnest prayer of the Hindoo, who worships the white elephant. The
modeling of the rough hide of the monster.-, their expressive attitude and the representation ■of the artistic
figure of the devotee have elicited high praise from the critics.
Arthur Strasser has done a number of casts which gained fame for him. Most of his subjects arc taken from
life in the Orient, where he has spent much time. He was born in Krain. Austria, in 1854. "The Japanese Woman"
and the "Resting Lioness" may be mentioned as his principal sculptures heretofore.
i pleasure of the many young folks who
1 jirr always ready for a waltz.
Cypress Lodge of Merced, at its last
held meeting, initiated two candidates.
An unusual number of application- tor
beneficiary certificates have been received
of late.
THE NATIVE SONS.
The sixth anniversary ball given by
Precita Parlor last Tuesday in Mission
Parlor Hall was a decided success. The
hall was most artistically decorated and
the grand march, in which there was a
great number of couples, was a very at
tractive sight. Precita is one of the go
ahead fraternal bodies of the Mission, and
the membership always arranges social
functions that are most enjoyable.
Mission Parlor announces an invitation
masquerade party in its hall on the 2'id
inst.
California Parlor paid a fraternal visit
to Alcatraz Parlor last Thursday nipht.
and after business there was a very pleas
: ant time.
The officers of California Parlor will be
elected December 1. The parlor is doing
active work in the matter of arranging
for the 1900 celebration.
William M. Milton, D. D. G. P., will.
within the nc-xt two weeks, visit all the
parlors in his jurisdiction.
Grand Treasurer Martin and Grand
Secretary Lunsteot have arranged to visit
as follows: November 21, Weavervillr;
»:;. Etna; 24, Fort Jones; 25, Sawyer's Bar;
27, Yreka, and 29, Redding.
L. J. Lelande of California Council,
who recently came to this city from
Mexico after an absence of many years?
left last Monday with a bride for his
home. She is a sister-in-law of the late
Sheriff McEvoy of San Mateo County.
Among the visitors at the office of the
grand secretary last week were A. Dal
ton. P. P., of Mt. Diablo Parlor, who re
ports the parlor in good condition; Thor
n John A. Steinbach, John T.
M. \V. Milton, A. R. Nathan,
tzgerald of Oakland, Frank D.
Sacramento and H. R. McNoble
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The indoor picnic that was recently
gjven by Joaquin Parlor in Stockton was
a novelty in the line of entertainment in
that city. The large, 'bleak, barren hall,
known as the Agricultural Pavilion, in
which it was held for two nights, was
converted into an aggregation of booths
and bowers with a promenade around the
dance floor. There were games, such as
croquet, enchantment, quoits, bean bag
and others, and there was a donkey and
cart for the little ones, a feature which
they much appreciated. Then there was
a shooting gallery in the "wild woods," a
gypsy booth and a fish pond surrounded
by dense wil.ows. Each evening the Sixth
Regiment band discoursed sweet music
and many filled the dance floor and joined
in the modern dances. This was given in
aid of the fund for the entertainment of
the Grand Parlor delegates, who are to
meet in Stockton next year, and it proved
a great success, socially and financially.
Joaquin Parlor will give a euchre party
each month until next June, and in the
meantime other entertainments of an at
tractive character will be arranged.
Fremont Parlor gave a pleasant enter
tainment and hop last week in aid of its
sick fund. It was a success in every way.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Golden Gate Camp at its meeting on the
6th Inst. initiated two candidates for Sun
set Camp, and after an early adjourn
her. To more than suggest this exciting and
powerful tale, which has about it withal, the
semblance of plausibility, would be to rob
the reader of a forthcoming pleasure. The
book is soon to be Issued by M. F. Mansfield
& Co. of New York. Price *1 25.
The Macmillan Company announces the early
publication of a new edition of "The Choir
Invisible." by James Lane Allen. The text
of this now famous novel has been revised and
corrected by the author. This new edition will
contain about thirty full-page illustrations,
and -some seventy others in the text, by Orson
Lowell. The cover design Is by the Fame art
ist. Entirely new plates have been used; and
no effort has been spared to make the edition
one of exceptional beauty.
"The Philippine Islands and Their People"
is the title of a book by Professor Dean C.
Worcester, which the Macmillan Company will
publish next month. The book is a record of
personal observation and experience, with a
general account of the archipelago, and a
short summary of the more important facts
in its history. 4
"The Trumpeter and Other Poems" Is the ti
tle of a neat appearing little book from the pen
of Andrew Downing. Of the quality of the
poetry let the reader be the judge. Hayworth
Publishing House. Washington, D. C.
A new and cheaper edition is announced by
the Macmillan Company of the "Life of Car
dinal Manning, Archbishop of Westminster."
by Edmund Sheridan Purcell. member of the
Roman Academy of Letters.
ment. paid a iraternal visit to Calumet
Camp.
Last Sunday the membership of Golden
Gate Camp placed a monument over tho
grave of one of its members at rest in
Cypress Dawn Cemetery, and another
over the grave of one resting in Holy
Cross Cemetery. At each place the full
ritualistic service was given and the
Acme Quartet rendered the vocal music
It is one of the obligations of the order
that a monument of m;trble shall mark
the resting place of each deceased mem
ber.
r.nst Monday nifi'M Oold"- r ' *' "
Initiated six candidates, and it has at
this lime the applications >ii int., w.. / ......
Becking membership in the camp.
General Organizer Rogers has returned
from an extensive tour in Humboldt
County, where he met with success in the
advancement of the order. He will soon
start out on another tour.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Pacific Council has changed its meeting
night to the second Thursday of each
month. The council at its last held meet
ing initiated two candidates, and under
the head of good of the order Speaker
J. G. Menzies presented a very enjoyable
programme. There were speeches and
stories and music by the National Union
quartet, with Professor Seichel accom
panist. The council furnished cigars to
the members and visitors. There were
BeveraJ members of the cabinet present.
The cards are out for the smoker that is
to be given by California and Golden Gate
councils on the night of the 29th inst.
There will be ttrst-class talent and a first
class collation.
California Council at its meeting last
Tuesday night initiated one candidate,
and under good of the order the member
ship was favored with selections by th-»
quartet and addresses by President Hast
ings of the cabinet. Senator Field, Presi
dent Arter of Golden Gate Council, \V. A.
S. Nicholson and others.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
At the last held meeting of Court Sutro
Heights there was work in the initiatory
degree for itself and Court Golden State,
and the efficiency of the guard was in
creased by the presence of Quartermaster
Sergeant R. W. Bonney of Company A,
Sixth California Volunteers. His soldierly
bearing added much to the impresslveness
of -the ritualistic work. The court during
the evening carried out the true spirit of
fraternity by making a donation to a
member who technically was not entitled
to any benefits. After the meeting J.
Kroner, a new member, one of the volun
teers, recited an original poem, and there
were addresses by a number of members.
Junior Court Pride of California wil
give an entertainment and ball in Social
Hall of the Alcazar on the night of me
7th of December.
COMPANIONS, F. OF A.
Grand Chief Companion Ira W Coburn
has announced the following official vis
its: November 21, Sotoyome Circle at
Healdsburg: 22. American Circle. Peta
luma; December 1, Golden Era Circle, San
Francisco; 5. Oakland Circle, Oakland; 7.
Live Oak Circle. San Francisco; 8, San
Francisco Circle, San Francisco.
Excelsior Circle No. 2 will hold a festi
val and Christmas tree in the social hall
of the Alcazar on the 20th of December.
Palo Alto Circle was visited last
Wednesday night by the* grand officers.
There were present Mrs. Emma Harring
ton, P. G. C. C. and V. G. H. B. ; Ira W.
Coburn, G. C. C. ; Mrs. Flora Jacobs. G. S.
C. C.J Mrs. K. A. Haughy. G. T.; Mrs.
Did Milton Crib From Vondel?
IT is a wise book that knows Its own j
author in this day of modern an- ■
alysis and research. Just as we are
comfortably settled in the belief that j
William Shakespeare really did write j
his own plays, up bobs the tireless ,
critics and comparers to show that Mil
ton is not the only author of "Para
dise Lost."
It appears that some thirteen years
prior to the publication of 'Paradise
Lost" a Dutch poet by the name of
Joost Van der Vondel wrote and printed j
a dramatic poem called "Lucifer." j
This "Lucifer" has just been translated
into metrical English by Leonard
Charles Van Noppen and reveals in sub
R. "Kemp Van Ee. grand trustee, and in
addition to a large attendance of mem
bership a number of visitors. During the
evening there was initiatory work and
the election of the following named as
officers for the ensuing, term: Miss Pau
line Aaron, J, I. C. C. : Belle Rapheld. C.
• '.; Carrie Harris, S. C, c. ; Rose Kasper,
K. S ; M. L. Rapheld, F. S.: Kittie Aaron,
K. <;.; Sadie Mund, L. G. ; Ign. Levy. I.
Q.; Kmil Kahn. O. G.: .Tcnuit- Morris, or
ganist. The visiting officials addressed
the circle and congratulated it on its
prosperity, after which there was a short
programme and th<- serving of a collation.
The prosperity of this circle is one of the
most remarkable on record.
A new circle was instituted at Salinas
last Wednesday and five more are prom
ised before the close of the year.
Live Oak Circle has elected the follow
ing a.i officers for the next term: Mrs.
Jennie Weisel. J. P. C. C. : Mrs. Harris,
C. c. : Mrs. Spellman. S. C. C; Mrs. E.
Roche. R. G. : Mrs. Spencer. L. G.; Mrs.
Lowder. T. ; N. Rothman, S.: Mrs. Stein
way. K. S.; Mrs. Meyer, I. G.; Mrs. Saun
ders. O. G.
Robin Hood Circle at its meeting last
Wednesday re-elected all of the present
officers except four. The new officers are:
Mrs. Lane, R. G.; Miss Annie Schoen. L.
G.; Mrs. Winterbotton, I. G. ; Mrs. Erhart,
O. G.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
High Chief Ranger McElfrr-sh is in this ,
city. On last Tuesday evening he attend- i
ed a large meeting of the 'membership of ;
Court Southern Heights on the Potrero j
and delivered a very interesting address.
Court Ycrhn Ruenn visited in a body. ;
During his stay in this city the high chief
ranger wi|l visit all the local courts.
Court Yerba Buena at its meeting: last.
Tuesday night, after the transaction of
routine business, announced that at the '■
next meeting amendments to the by-laws
would come UP for discussion. It was
also announced that the second monthly
entertainment will be given in Charity
Hall. Shiels building, on the evening of
the 6th of December.
Supreme Representative and Chief Dep- i
uty High Chief Ranger Ben I. Solomon I
has pics. 'sited to Court Yerba Buena. of
which he is a member and very efficient
recording secretary. a handsomely
framed large photograph of a group of
the representatives who attended the re
cent session of the Supreme Court in To
ronto, Canada. It is a fine group of In
telligent representative men of the order.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Yerba Buena Lodge has rejected the
proposition to provide a lodge physician.
Some changes as to sick benefits were
adopted and two candidates were ini
tiated.
The visit of the Past Dictators' Associ
ation to Union Lodge last Tuesday was a
pleasant affair. Union will shortly give
a smoker.
Leland Stanford Lodge Is doing so well
that it will have to secure larger quar
ters. Grand Reporter Johnstone paid
it a visit last Thursday.
Polar Star Lodge, which is still strug
gling with the problem "is it better to
lead from a strong suit or a weak one "
was visited last week by the grand dicta
tor.
Center Lodge is preparing a reception to
its friends to be given at an early day
San Jose Lodge will initiate* sixteen
candidates at its next meeting. The lodge
is arranging for a public installation of
its new officers. The event will be fol
lowed by a ball.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
The members of Britannia Lodge of the
Latest Gor\trotfera\j Jh^t Is 3 Agitating "the Critics.
stance, plot and expression a startling
analogy to the "Paradise Lost."
It is a known literary fact that Milton
schemed his great poem as early as 1641
— twenty-two years before the appear
ance of the Dutchman's masterpiece. In
fact, Milton's manuscript ia now in the
library of Trinity College.Cambridge, to
lncontestibly prove that not only the
idea, and indeed the title of "Paradise
Lost" had occurred to him in the year
1641, but that at that time he had draft
ed a scenario of the poem.
Still, twenty-two years had to elapse
before its completion and publication
and Vondel's "Lucifer" appeared in
1654, some time before the earliest date
to which the commencement of "Para
dise Lost" can be assigned. The pre
sumptive evidence that Milton had
made the acquaintance of the Dutch
drama before commencing his own epic
is altogether too strong to be resisted.
We know that he had mastered the
Dutch language, and that he was in
frequent communication with Holland;
there is good reason to believe that,
years before, he had heard of Vondel
and his work through Grotius, the
Dutch poet's friend and protector.
To quote Mr. Edmundson's summing
up of his case on this point, "negotia
tions with Dutch envoys, controversies
with Dutch professors, intercourse with
a circle of quasi-Dutch friends, corre
spondence with Dutch residents, quar
rels with Dutch booksellers, all con
spired to familiarize Milton with Dutch
affairs, and to make him only less well
acquainted with the courts and in
trigues—nay, the very gossip of the
chief centers of Dutch life than with
the current topics of London."
The publication of the "Lucifer" pro
duced an immense stir in Holland, and
evoked a storm of, ecclesiastical enmity
which could not possibly have failed to
reach Milton's ears; and with his
avowed views on "borrowing not pla
giarie," it is incredible that he should
not have procured, even if he did not
receive in the natural course of things
from one of his Dutch correspondents,
a copy of the work which had antici
pated his own.
Fragments of the "Lucifer" were
translated into English many years ago
by Mr. Gosse in his "Studies in North
ern Literature," and later Mr. Edmund
son, in his "Milton and Vondel." "A
Curiosity of Literature" gave English j
metrical versions of many passages se- |
lected from this and other poems of
Vondel's, as pieces de conviction
against Milton.
This was rather hard on Vondel. For
whatever merit the translations had,
they were not sufficient to cope with
the original English of Milton.
The "Lucifer" is a grandly, or, at any
rate, grandiosely, constructed celestial
melodrama, composed with a steady
eye to actual performance, which it,
in fact, obtained — it was brought out,
says Mr. Gosse, "with great display of I
scenic heavens, but after two nights |
withdrawn on account of the great, ex- j
pense it involved" — and, in view of this
theatrical purpose, supplied plentifully
enough with what a modern playwright !
would call "strong situations." How
ever, after Milton's introduction of
"real gunpowder" into a seraphic and
diabolic battle, not dramatically repre
sented but only epically described, it
will hardly do for us to dwell too- cen
soriously upon Vondel's weakness for
stage effect.
There is, at any rate, no appeal to the
groundlings in the style and quality of
the verse, which in Mr. Van Noppen's
spirited translation has a march of sus
tained, or, at least, of rarely failing,
dignity throughout, and in its inter
calated choric passages is by no means
wanting- in lyrical charm. That even
in its highest Mights the poem ever
touches the actual sublime it were too
much to say. Sublimity is a big word
for a rare thing, and the poet whose
sublimity would not evaporate in the
translator's distillery, leaving only a
rhetorical "sublimate" at the end of
the process, is rarer still. Short of this,
the "Lucifer" is undoubtedly a great
poem — even in English.
But, after all, it is impossible to keep
! away from the question— What did Mil
ton owe to Vondel? Anything or noth
ing? and. if anything, how much?
Mr. Van Noppen, having a long poem
to translate and a voluminous memoir
to write, and an elaborate commentary
to compose, declines — wisely enough
from his own point of view — 1« start
that ancient hare again. But the ani
mal has now had a rest for a good
many years, and readers of a transla
JOCST VAN DER VONDEN, Author of the Great Dramatic Poem "Lucrer!
From an old Dutch painting.
Daughters of St. George are completing
arrangements for a carnival and ball to
be given in Union Square Hall on the
ni^ht of the 30th inst. The committee «n
charge is composed of a number of the
most enthusiastic members, who are do
ing their utmost to make this one of the
most enjoyable functions ever given by
this lodge. Prizes will be awarded to
those who shall appear in the most orig
inal costumes, ana to those in the hand
somest dress.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
The members of Mission Hive will have
an evening at home and a dance in their
hall on the 12th of December. A good j
programme will be presented.
The first "ai home" given at headquar
ters, in the residence of Mrs. Eudocia S.
Moffatt, S. C, 919 Hyde street, last Tues
day by the central committee, afternoon
and evening, was avery successful affair.
Each hive was represented by its lady
commander or lieutenant; Mary E. Sol
omon for San Francisco Hive; Minnie W.
Aydelotte, Oakland; Henrietta Stone. Mis
sion; Isabel M. Strong. California; LHlian J
Rinner, Phoebe Hearst; Annie McAnney, j
Enclnal. There were present a number of |
the prominent members of the order, in
tlon of the "Lucifer" may reasonably
expect another run.
It is impossible to doubt that Milton
laid "Lucifer" under the most liberal
contributions, even if one is not bound
to find proof of this in every one of the
forty or fifty parallels which the au
thor of "Milton and Vondel" has set
out. Mr. Edmundson, like every in
dustrious pursuer of an inquiry of this
kind, fell to som° extent under theob
cesslon of his fixed idea. No doubt he
too often credits Vondel with the origi
nal proprietorship of metaphors,
similes, details of description. and
flights of imagery which would oe
almost sure to suggest .themselves in
dependently to each of two poets deal
ing with the same subject.
If Milton and Vondel both compare
the descent of an archangel from
heaven to the fall of a shooting star,
there is not the least reason for be
lieving that one of them borrowed so
obvious a comparison from the other.
At times Mr. Kdmundsnn almost leaves
the impression of suggesting that Mil
ton worked on "Paradise Lost ' witn
the "Lucifer" before him, paraphrasing
every scene of that drama as he went
on.
Against this, however, there is some
thing more than a moral improbability.
It would have been virtually a. physical
impossibility. Milton had lost his sight
two years before the Dutch drama was
published, and could have only had it
read to him. He ooufd hardly, there
fore, have done more than borrow from
it the general plan of his own poem, its
scenes, incidents and cast of charac
ters, together with such passages of di
alogue and description as he thought
he could better in the borrowing. Taken
one by one, we might possibly put them
down to chance. When Vondel writes:
The heaven's third part ere now hath
fealty sworn
Unto his standard, the false Morning-
Star,
and Milton writes: —
His countenance as the Morning- Star that
guides , ...
The starry flock allured them and witn
lies
Drew after him the third part of heaven' 3
host;
or when we read of the rebel army In
"Lucifer" that
i It quickly grew and like a half moon,
waxed ,
I Sharpened its points and closed on us two
horns,
and of Gabriel's bodyguard in "Para
dise Lost" that
the angelic squadron bright
Turned fiery red, sharpening in mooned
horns
Their phalanx and began to hem him
round,
or yet again, when we hear Milton's
satan repeating, almost ward for word,
I after Vondel's Lucifer,
Better to reign in hell than serve in
heaven ,
! we may still go on clinging to the the
ory of accidental resemblance. But af
ter half a dozen, a dozen, a score of
similar parallelisms the odds against
chance and in favor of design become
so overwhelming rthat the least mathe
i matically minded of men will reject the
j former hypothesis.
The "long arm of coincidence" is not
|so long as all that. And most assured-
I ly it is not long enough to cover the
| fact that Milton's "Samson Agonistes"
| followed in due course upon Vondel'3
. "Samson," and that it abounds in evi
dences that in the matter of dramatic
construction at any rate, to leave the
I poetry out of the question, he was con
tent to take his Dutch contemporary aa
his closely followed model.
"To borrow and to better in the bor
rowing," the poet quietly says, is "no
plagiarie."
This dictum, remarks Literature,
I ought to have been known to the
| broom-seller of anecdote who remarkeu
j to a rival trader, "I steals the twigs, I
! steals the sticks, and I steals the twine,
I and yet I can't sell 'em as cheap as
you do." For then, when his compan
ion had given the cynical explanation.
i "Ah. but I steals 'em ready-made." he
might have crushed him by the re
! joinder, "Then you are a plagiarist of
brooms, which I would scorn to be I
i borrow, but I better in the borrowing."
•I It is impossible on the evidence to
■ I doubt that Milton borrowed twine and
. I twigs wholesale from Vondel though
. the stick was his own.
And everybody knows that fifty dol
[ lars was not an exorbitant figure to re
1 celve for the job.
cluding Sir Knight S. "S\ . Hall, deputy su
preme commander of the Knights o* the
Maccabees.
San Francisco Hive at its meeting: on
the 11th inst. welcomed Lady Commander
Solomon and Past Lady Commander \Vas
tier on .their return to this city. State
Lady Commander Moffatt addressed th^
meeting, speaking of the advancement of
the order in this State and ail over the
I'nion. She complimented San Francisco
Hive on the progress it is making. The
hive will give a hop on the 13th of Decem
ber in the Alcazar building. The com
mittee arranging for it is Ladies Leroi,
Savory and Whitesides.
Joachim Murat's remains, which have
been resting since ISIS in the castle
church of'Pizzo. di Calabria, where he
was shot, are to be transferred to
Naples and buried in the Church <>f
Santa Maria among the former Bour
bon kings.
Wyoming's woman superintendent of
Public Instruction, Estelle Peel, has so
successfully managed the sale of pub
lic lands as to increase the State's in
come from 5100 to- $1000 a week. She
is clever at driving good bargains for
the State.
mRUSH FOR MARKED DOWN
"CYRANO DE BERGERAC."
Anything for a sensation in the show
business these days. During the past
week the Alcazar and Morosco's have
attracted breathless attention by not
announcing their forthcoming produc
tions of "Cyrano de Bergerac." Apart
from the value of silent advertising at
such a time. Morosco is holding back. |
I suppose, until "Cyrano" posters and
lithographs are a drug on the market.
Over in Mission street they never put
on a masterpiece unless the bill-board
illustrations go with it. I suppose the
Alcazar 1b temporarily speechless be
cause it has tired of the sound of its
OWn promises. Whenever you hear the
Alcazar promising a first production of
a play that is difficult and different and
distinguished just make up your mind
that you are going to see It In some
other theater. The Alcazar is the fast
est promiser and the slowest redeemer .
in the business. They threatened Ibsen
at the Alcazar months and months ago;
and he never came. They more than
threatened Rostand. They gave it out
to me and to other honest servants of
the public press that the "Cyrano"
scenery and proboscis were actually in
the process of construction. And only
the week before I had written that I
•would believe the Alcazars "Cyrano"
only when I saw it. I spoke to Mr.
Thall about it the other night. He said:
"Really, we want to do 'Cyrano' badly."
I told him that that need not Btop him.
that he would do it badly enough all
right. But he said it wasn't that that
worried him. He^iad suddenly taken
notice of the smallness of the Alcazar's
stage, and the difficulties ho would have
in duing justice to the scenery. Poor
Rostand! Out of all the American
managers who are taking a chance at
his play Mansfleld is the only one whose
conscience gets beyond the scenery and
the nose. However, the Alcazar was
not sufficiently immediate, for her* la
iiur old spectacular friend. David Hen
derson, ready to do up "Cyrano" at a
week's notice. Mr. Henderson's man
agerial specialty used to be in the di
rection of electric lights and legs. As an
Klegtrician his name stands in the head
lines of dramatic history. Whether his
talent will as readily adjust itself to
the poetry and proboscis of Cyrano '
remains to be seen. Mr. Henderson is
full of hope and courage. When he
called the other morning to tell me the
good news he insisted that I be among
those present at the opening Monday
night. I told him I was billed for the
Baldwin to see what by the grace of
the critics and his Royal Highness, the
Prince of Wales, has been called the
greatest play ever written in America.
■But, my boy," he said, " 'Cyrano de
Bergerac' is the greatest play ever
. ritten in the world. We are going to
give it a great production and it's your
duty to be there Monday night and
help receive it. You owe it to your
profession." And then he talked tempt
ingly about the play and the nose that
Mr. Bell is going to wear and the
scenery and the costumes and the
crowd that will stretch the theater, un
til my mouth watered at the picture.
If I could only be like some of my col
leagues and divide myself and see both
shows all would be easy. But one
can't do that sort of thing without hav
ing th^ Blavatsky temperament, which
is denied me. I can project myself
into but one playhouse at a time. So
3 had tn tell Mr. Henderson again that
my choice was made and that I wouid
abide by it at no matter what personal
AMUSEMENTS.
>^vi| I t f\/\ T~> I/\ TO-NIGHT (Sunday)— Last Time
THEATER. KFI I AR JSt^Fw?
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO., Lessees and Mgrs. I\l-iLiL«n A MAGICIAH I
THE RECORD I "MONDAY NIGHT THE RECORD
MAKER! ; special holiday BREAKER!
— i . . MATINEE THURSDAY! *■■ . I
AUSPICIOUS THANKSGIVING CELEBRATION!
- A K. MILLER and Vi . W. FREEMAN Present tit All-Sorptiilng Kaiietl Comedy Tnamyh
*" GAY CONEY ISLAND
25— New York's Brightest Boys, Gayest Girls— 2s
Under Command of the Gallant Leaders of Every Important Battle or Laughter
SMITH /\IND CAMPBELL vou h choice»>
. THE FUNNY SHOW I THE EARLY SHOW THE DANCY SHOW
THE MONEY SHOW I THE GIRLY SHOW THE SINGY SHOW
A SCENIC EQUIPMENT OF RARE BEAUTY AND MAGNITUDE.
•---•-• ;;■'•■ '•■■■ ■■■ - •
November 38th - - - "GAYEST. MANHATTAN."
BALDWIN
THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO.. Lessees and Mgrs.
Two Weeks. Beginning
...MONDAY NIGHT...
Special Matinee Thanksgiving Day,
Mr. Charles Frohman Announces an En-
gagement or the Pre-eminent Suc-
cess of the Period
Secret
Service
- - - Vl/ITTH ...
William
Gillette.
And Identically the Same Splendid Cast
Seen During the Triumphs In New
York and London.
By Ashton Stevens.
loss, and that I was confident his pro
duction would last until Tuesday night,
when I would surely be there.
The future is full of marked-down
•Cyrano." A week from to-morrow
night the comic opera company at the
Tivoli will have a try at him, and the
Orpheum and the other houses are yet
to be heard from. The Tivoli is as
serious about the matter as Mr. Hen
derson Is. And the Tivoli is not serious
without cause. Edwin Stevens is tD be
the over-nosed hero. I promise you
that he will play the part with gravity
and reverence. Gravity and reverence
are the signal attributes of comedi
ans who play "Hamlet" and tb*»
like. William H. Crane in romanilc
silks and passionate love-making was
one of the most serious things that
ever happened in this city. Nat Good
win's David Garrick would not be
recognized by bis own mother. We
CALIFORNIA
THEATER.
OOTTLOB. MARX & CO., Lessees and M*rs.
POPULAR WITH THE PEOPLE!
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT I
I-MST. WEEK!'
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY.'
Prices 16c, 25c, 85c and sOc.
WM. CALDER and Company In
Northern Lights
The Best Romantic Play Seen In Months.
"Northern Lights" Is a *oo<J, strong play.—
""Northern Lights" abounds in sparKling dia-
lojrue and interesting situations.—
"Northern Lights" should have a successful
nin.— Call. : t
Coming— "A Boy Wanted," Etc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING,
The Laughing Success! Oscar Weir» Comedy
Opera In Three Acts.
Suzette
A GREAT CAST. A PERFECT ENSEMBLE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M. -
TO COMMENCE MONDAY EVENING. NO-
I VEMBER Grand Scenic Production of Ros-
' tand's Romantic Comedy. V. ■
CYRANO DE BERGERAC.
WITH APPROPRIATE -MUSIC.
Seats on Sale TO-MORROW MORNING. -
I Popular Price 5................ .....25c and ROe
▲ Reserved Seat for the Matins*...... 250
i • Our Telephone, Bush t.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
have wept over Ed Stevens in the old
legitimate days when he played '"The
Mayor's Appointment," but that will be
as nothing compared to the gloom and
circumstance of his Cyrano. Even in
his comicality Mr. Stevens iB versatile,
but as the Bergerac he will be reborn.
And you may expect some very solemn
moments from Elvla Crox, who will
1 burn her tights and spangles behind
'•■ her and forget all about -r kittenish
j gaiety girl days when she throws her-
I self into the throbbing role of Roxane.
| For real graveyard seriousness com
i mend me to the comedians every time.
! With them it is not an affectation put
; on for the hour; they live it, feel it,
AMTJFFMENTS. ; _ __
J dga^. San Francisco, Ca!., Estab. 1 887
WALTER ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, NOVEMBER St.
. Comedy and Novelties Combined In an Unparalleled Thanksgiving Vaudeville Feast.
MISS LILLIE WESTERN
Vaudeville's Premiere Musical Artiste.
1 wilsonTamTlTlaDTcourtney
H»tbl Imjerionaton of Higk-CUss Oolirtd Ctrntdy. Who Sings 'The Old Songs."
Most Pronounced Success or the Legitimate Comedy Stars
MR. HARRY LACY c
In Mr. Lacy*s Comedy Conceit, "808 RACKETTSJPAJAMAS "
FLO IRWIN— WALTER HAWLEY
la Their Pronoaacad Sneoen, "THE QAY MISS CON"— With New Bongi.
HERBERT'S DOCS i JAMES CULLEN
Most WonderfU Canine Act Ever in the Orphenm. - | America! Up-to-Dati Singer.
FRANK THE BROTHIERS FLOOD
; Comedy Athletes. ; Acrobatic Wonders. - . ,
SPECIAL THANKSGIVING^
Great Bill of Legitimate Comedy Stars and Novelties.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday), Nov. 20th q n h ir/reTror c a r, y B pp a 7" y 1Oc »
ALCAZAR
THEATER. rV,
TO-NI^HT 'FORTUNE!
lllUn * ♦ FORTUNE!
TO-MORROW— MONDAY,
: - : First Time Here.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY BILL!
. . Sidney . Roaenfeld's Comedy, .
IMAGINATION!
NOTHING FUNNIER ON THE STAGE.
...EXTRA MATINEE...
THANKSGIVING DAY.
Seats by 'Phone— Main 254.
Night Prices 15c. 25c, 85c, 60c
Tuesday Night— Benefit to MARK THALL.
CORBKTT AND SHARKEY CONTEST ( AN-
NOUNCED BETWEEN ACTS. , - . :
Baseball I_?f^!*.T.'.°.. N
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
' SANTA CRUZ Vt. ATHLETICS. '<-
suffer and enjoy the full measure of its
frown and importance. It is, perhaps,
too early to commence to compare the
Comedy and the Tivoli productions.
There will be considerable unique diver
sion in each. The Henderson interpre
tation will be thoroughly original; as
neither Mr. Bell nor Mr. Henderson
has ever seen a performance ol "Cy
rano," and it will not be made stereo
typed by over-rehearsal. It will be a
daring impressionistic performance
from start to finish, and full of sur
prises. The Tivoli production, on the
other hand, will be cautious and de-
liberate. George Lask and "Doc"
Leahy have just returned from the
East, where they spent several weeks
watching Mansfield and Daly. The
Tivoli will combine the virtues of Mans
field's and Daly's presentations with
certain carefully thought out ideas of
its own. Music will be composed by the
MOROSCO'S GRAND ZI R A
WALTER MOROSCO.... Lessee and Proprietor
Telephone— Green 861.
To-day and To-night, Last Performances. "A
MIDNIGHT TRUST." MONDAY EVENING,
NOV. 21, 18W, Special Engagement of the Beau-
I tlful and Accomplished Actress, MISS ADELE
HELOARDE, Who Will Appear as the Ad-
venturess ( "The Panther") in Sutton Vane's
Best Melndrama,
MN SIGHT OF ST. PAUL'S!"
k Good Comedy. All New Scenery. Striking
Situations. Played Seven Weeks at the Bow-
doln B<juare Theater, Boston, and Five Weeks
at the American Theater, New York. Bee
Blaekfrlare Bridge. The Interior of St. Pauls
Cathedral. The Garden of St. Paul's and a
Panoramic View of London. Grand Holiday
I Matinee Thursday, Thanksglvlns Day. Regu-
I lar Matinees Saturday and Sunday. Evening
I Prices, 10c. 25c and 50c. Matinee Prices, 10c, 15c
I and 25c. Seats on Sale at Box Office and Main
Floor Emporium.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
TUESDAY EVENING, NOV. 2J.
FIRBT PIANO RECITAL IN AMERICA.
By
RAFAEL MEANY,
Late Director Guatemala Conservatory of
Music.
Reserved Seats, 75c. On Sale at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s, Monday Morning, November 21.
Tivoli's leader, and seventeenth cen
tury sc.enery and clothing by the
Tivoli's painters and costumers. And I
suppose the Tivoli chorus girls will re
habilitate as the dangerous gang of
Gascon Cadets. Anyway we will have
"Cyrano de Bergerac" to burn for some
time to come, and when Mansfield ar
rives we shall be able to give him
pointers on the eccentricities of the
piece. Of course, it is all rather hard
on Edmond Rostand, who wrote this
masterpiece in simple good faith, but
managers will be thrifty and the pub
lic will have its fun.
ASHTON STEVENS.
The Baldwin.
The most talked about and from all
accounts the best of American plays will
be presented at the Baldwin to-morrow
night, when William Gillette will appear
in the leading role of his war drama,
"Secret Service." The time is during the
Civil War, the scene is beleaguered Rich
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER^ Formerly BuBh .
MATINEE TO-DAY-and TO-NIGHT-.. und^VS^ome."
FIRST TIME I To-Morrow (Monday) Evening at 8,
IN THIS CITY I The Reigning Dramatic Sensation of New York,
1 Paris and London,
By THE HENDERSON COMPANY,
Under the personal direction or MR. DAVID HENDERSON,
CYRANO DE BERGERAC.
Edmond Rostand's Great Comedy Drama.
SUPERB NEW S.ENES. COSTUMES AND ACCESSORIES.
SOME OF THE PLAYERS:
Edward M. Bell, Adelaide Fltzallen, Rusnell
Bassett, Ana Lee AVillard, Charles Fleming,
Klngsley Benedict, Jean de Lacy, Harry F.
Adams, Bartlett Cunning, L. D. Jones,
WHlard Bpencer, Olive Madison.
Ev'gs— 2sc, 35c, 50e, 75c, $1.00. Mats.— 2sc, 50c, 75c
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
OLYMPI A, Cordon.
The Mont Beautiful Music Hall in America.
Greatest Free Show & World!
NOTE THE BIG ATTRACTIONS.
THE WONDERFUL FREDO,
World-Famous Twirling Dancer.
OMNE,
Only Japanese Lady Juggler in the World.
MAI TUNISON,
Return of the Favorite Soprano.
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
Latest "Coon" Songs.
AND TEN ALL-STAR ACTS.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
INOLESIDE COURSIM PARK.
TO-DAY. TO-DAY.
MERCED CONSOLATION
STAKE and
OPEN STAKE!
Entrance $2.50.
November 24— OPEN STAKE. Entrance, »6.
November 28 and 27— NON-WINNERS' STAKE
AND SAPLING STAKE.
Take a Mission at. car and It will land you
at the gates.
ADMISSION 25c LADIES FREE
mond. The story hangs upon the auda
cious attempt of a young agent of the
Union secret service to get control of the
Confederate telegraph lines in order to
send out a false dispatch which will make
a gap In the line of defense through which
the Northern forces may capture the city
Of how the intrepid and quick-witted
young man attains his purpose and tn«
gives It up through his love for a Rich
mond girl is the pith of the plot. Other
melodramas have depicted the noise side
of war; in this one the actual war is
heard, not seen; it is merely the exciting
background for a drama of human emo
tions.
William Archer, the Ibsen translator,
and the most distinguished of the now
active London dramatic critics, had this
to say after the first night in London:
"In dealing with 'Secret Service' we must
get rid from the outset of .Adelphi stand
ards. To call it the best play we have
seen at the Adelphi for many years
would be to assign it to a wrong class.
It is simply the best thing of its kind,
the best drama of adventure and situa
tion, written within my recollection In the
English language. Mr. Gillette shows
throughout a gift of invention mat would
do Sardou no discredit; he piles situation
on situation wUh almost lavish ingenuity,
and he writes with such sobriety, deli
cacy and feeling as to transpose what
would otherwise De crude enough military
melodrama into the key of literature,
almost, one might say, of poetry.
Mr. Gillette's acting— it can hardly be
called acting, so different is it from most
that goes by that name— ls said to find Its
superlative in the part of the hero spy.
Other good names In the cast are: Sara
Perry, Hope Ross, Ida Waterman, Alice
Leigh and Dallas Tyler. Campbell Gollan,
Walter Thomas, Joseph Brennan. H. D.
James. M. L. Alsop and Charles Croshy.
J^leW Comedy.
In the production of "Cyrano de Ber
gerac" at the Comedy Theater to-morrow
night, Edward Bell will play the title part,
and Adelaide Fitz Allen the heroine. Rox
ane. There are some twenty-five speaking
parts in Mr. Henderson's arrangement,
and more than that number of auxiliary
people. The story of the play has been
printed in The Call. This is it in brief:
Cyrano, poet, lighter and philosopher,
loves the beautiful Roxane; but he has a
grotesque nose which, he believes, will
prevent any woman from loving hl-n.
When Roxane gives him an appointment
at the fashionable pastry-cook's he Is
overwhelmed with surprise and delight:
but he Is still more surprised and less de
lighted when he finds that she meets him
only to ask him to take care of Christian,
whom she Ipyes, and who is going to the
wars with him. However, Cyrano loves
Roxane so purely and unselfishly that he
is content to be her friend, since he can
not be her lover.
In a moonlight balcony scene, which re
calls that of "Romeo and Juliet," Cyrano
wooes and wins Roxane for 'Christian, ar
ranges their hasty marriage, and then
starts with the bridegroom on a military
campaign.
By flood and field Cyrano watches over
Christian; writes two love letters a day
to Roxane, pouring forth his own soul,
and signing Christian's name, and. when
the wicked Spaniards kill Christian,
avenges him most gallantly.
Upon hearing the news of Christian's
death, Roxane retires to a convent, and
there Cyrano visits her daily for fourteen
years, talking to her about Christian, and
reading to her the letters that he has
written in Christian's name. One day the
sunlight fades as he Is reading a letter
but he goes on reading just the same.
Then it suddenly occurs to Roxane — after
fourteen years!— that he must have writ
ten the letter or he would not know it by
heart. As suddenly she realizes that she
loves Cyrano — that she has always loved
him. But alas! this discovery comes too
late for happiness. Cyrano has been mor
tally wounded on his way to visit her, and
he falls dead at her feet.
Jhe Golumbia.
Smith and Campbell, who were at the
Orpheum several years ago, come to the
Columbia to-morrow night In Mathews
and Bulger's old success, "At Gay Coney
Island." It was the memory of the clev
erness of this farce-comedy that made
"By the Sad Sea Waves" seem bo fright
fully sad when Mathews and Bulger gave
It here recently. Of course new song
jokes and sensations are promised, also
several pretty girls.
Jhe California.
The California Is on the wave of popu
larity with its low priced productions.
At present William Calder and his com
pany are appearing in Harkins and Bar
bour's romantic military drama, "North
ern Lights." and the judgment of the
management in arranging for a two
weeks engagement has been fully justi
fied by the immense demand for seats
The
"Imagination," a farce by Sydney Ros
enfeldt, is the new bill for the Alcazar.
The story tells of an over-domesticated
gentleman with a woman's rights wife.
He is carefully locked up one night when
she goes off to the club, but several of
the boys release him and he goes on a
large jolly time, to be duly discovered
and duly penitent in the last act. All the
EIGHTY PEOPLE
ON THE STAGE.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
WAS DARWIN RIGHT? '>
SEE
"CONGO," the Gorilla Man. : .
"JOE STORMS JR.," Orang-Outang,
and "SALLY," Chimpanzee
For the Answer!
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER
KANGAROOS and DINGOES from Austra-
lia; "GREELEY." the MAN-EATING POLAR
BEAR; "BEAUTY," Handsomest Horse on
Earth, and ATTRACTIONS WITHOUT END!
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY ' THURSDAY.
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
Sundays and ■ Holidays, 10c.-
TU\ i ll' | Grand Performance, Sunday, ■■ Nov
"■l*-* I 20. Commencing at 1:30 p. ru.
AI ■ Marvelous • Lion Act by the cele-
I 1 ' brated lion tamer, Madame Schell
R^ Professor Raymous the Hawaiian
%J human flying fish. Evan and Burns
V_, In a thrilling trapaze performance.
Hj Blackened glove contest by Murcny
- -* ' : and Ellis, the grotesque ' boxers,
E Cornet duet by Professors
"-* • Fabris and Allen. Grand concert hv
Lthe Glen Park Band. ■' Plenty of
'■wings, nee-saws, may pole, •; flying
Oi a Dutchman, travelling rings, Morro j
Ir% Castle full- of ••terestlng -. animals,'
U/> seal lakes, donkey riding, etc. • Ad-
l\j mission 10c. Children under five
S,— years free. Take San Mat electric
- 1 , cars, . Butter, . Valencia, : and - Mission
street transfer.
I
Alcazar favorites are In the cast. Wallace
Shaw playing the erring husband and
Miss Marie Howe the opinionated wife.
As a special favor to the sporting public
the result of the Corbett-Sharkey boxing
match will be announced by rounds from
the stage Tuesday night. That night,
by the way. will be a benefit for Mark
Thall and "the crowd will be large and
friendly.
Jhe TiVoli.
Oscar Weil's "Suzette," a charming 1 lit
tle comic opera, will run another week at
the Tivoli. The performance is much
evener now than it was the opening night
and unless "Cyrano" and "Secret Service"
crowd out everything else "Suzette"
ought to be good for another week of
good business. The Tivoli's "Cyrano"
production is being prepared day and
night and will be ready a week from to
morrow.
J^lorosco's.
Morosco's offers a new Sutton Vane
melodrama by the name of "In Sight of
St. Paul's." It will be a big scenic pro
duction, revealing Blackfriars bridge, the
Thames embankment, the garden of St.
Paul's Cathedral, the Golden Gallery of
St. Paul's and under the dome of St.
Paul's. The story tells of a young Eng
lish officer who falls into the clutches of
a notorious woman who is called "The
Panther." Adele Belgarde, who is well
known here, has been spc-ciaily engnged
for the part of "The Panther," Mario
Winston, who made a favorable impres
sion last week, has been retained for the
soubrette role. James M. Brophy and
Lorena Atwood play the hero and hero
ine.
Jhe Orpheum.
The Orpheum's new features include
Miss Lillie Western, the musical artiste,
who scored a success when here some
two years ago; Miss Maud Courtney, a
pleasing vocalist, who makes a specialty
of the real old-time songs, and the Wil
son family, a collection of genuine colored
people, in songs, buck, wing and planta
tion dances. From last week there have
been retained Harry Lacy and company,
Mtss Flo Irwin and Walter Hawley, Her
bert's wonderful dogs, Fr^jik and don,
and the Flood brothers.
The Ghutes.
Reynard, a clever English ventriloquist,
with his walking and talking figures, will
be new at the Chutes Free Theater next
week, as will also the Jackson "ebony
hued laugh-makers " in "Hen Roost In
spectors." and Conchita, an old-time San
Francisco favorite.
Jhe Olvjmpia.
The Olympia Music Hall claims to have
a great attraction in Freda, the dancer,
who recently made a hit in Dawson City
and returned a few days ago loaded with,
nuggets, fame and experience.
Mearvy Recital
Rafael Meany, a Guatemalan, who stud
ied in Italy for four years, will give a
piano recital at the Sherman & Clay Hall
next Tuesday evenfng, November 22. His
programme will include works by Beet
hoven, Chopin, Liszt, Moszkowski and
« agner and Meany.
Anna's press agent never sleeps. Lis
ten to this:
"Anna Held is fighting mad again, on
Wednesday night she was justifiably
wroth because she was sued for a paltry
$60. which it was claimed had been ad
vanced In San Francisco to charter a lo
comotive to take the little Parisienne to
the races. Sixty dollars isn't much
money to one whose salary is $1000 a
week; but Miss Held says the number is
pursuing her. and she thinks it is a hoo
doo. On her return to her hotel on the urv
she was sued she discovered that 60 was
the number of her room. She changed
her room immediately. On Thursday, to
her consternation, she learned that there
were Just sixty people in 'The French
Maid' company. She refused to appear
until the management had temporarily
laid off a member of the company. Last
night the most aggravating thing of all
occurred. When Miss Held reached ..tr
dressing-room at the Park Theater she
found '60' in large figures chalked upon
the door. She indignantly ordered it
rubbed out before she would enter tne
room. When this was finally done, she
walked into her theatrical boudoir, to oe
met by the awful *60' everywhere. It was
written on the walls in Roman numerals
and Arabic characters. It was daubed on
the ceiling and painted on the wainscot.
Little tags with '60' on them were pinned
to all the garments hanging in the dress
ing-room, and staring her in the face from
the big pier glass were the same aggra
vating figures as high and as big as her
self. Some jealous chorus girl had done
the work, and the culprit has not yet been
found."
Reports of disaster still drip from the
organization which called Itself the Del
Conte Opera Company in this city. Hil
lary Bell has taken the matter to pen. He
thinks that possibly it was its unseason
able gloom that destroyed the Royal Ital
ian Opera Company. ■ The singers were
vocally as well as dramatically gifted.
Even in Mr. Grau's revival of "I Pag
liacci" we shall not hear a finer
than Signor Collenz, and the new prima
donna introduced last week was a so
prano of uncommon passion and melody.
Yet in spite of their abilities trouble has
overtaken the Tuscan troubadours, and
now in place of the high sounding titles
given to them in the programme their
generic and general name is Dennis. This
lyric organization, like its orchestral
comrade from Italy, the Banda Rossa,
has found a fortune out of keeping with
its quality. Composed of artists of local
repute in Milan, it left the sheltering nest
of La Scala and voyaged far countries for
to see, arriving eighteen months ago in
the City of Mexico. At first it was known
as the Del Conte Company, then as the
Bagetto Company, and fipally as the
Royal Italian, changing its title with its
territory, and becomi-ig. so to speak, a
mugwump opera company. It had vicis
situdes in finances as well as in nomen
clature and report says that its last angel
had his wings clipped to the extent of
The principal male singer had a glass
eye. which may have been an evil eye
for the organization. Although "Cyrano'
has proved that an abnormal nose may
not be devoid of sentiment, a one-eyea
tenor is not to everybody's taste.
A writer in Freund's new publication.
"Musical America," suggests that the
critics half squelch the "encore fiend" by
ignoring all encores in their criticisms.
This is the most brilliant yet.
I AMUSEMENTS.
TRACKS
1 FACING from Monday, No?. 14, to f] .
S Saturday, No?. 26, inclusive. f\
I Five or Mere Running R»ce« Daily, lUic \ /
or Bhin».
j>/ Beautiful Grounds. - ■ r ■•%-/■'
, jC B^ ' Superior Accommodations. Zn_
I-/ FIRST RACE AT 2P. M. ZmZ
FIRST RACE AT 2P. M. f|
!» « S. P. R. R. Train*. 12:45 and 1:15 \ /
j p. m. dally. • Leave : Third-street ,*si
; Op. m. stopping at Valencia street. I j
Station, stopping at Valencia street | |
; %C. Returning . immediately after, the > {'■'
r» races. Round-trip ticket, 25c. '^^^
\J ELECTRIC CAR LINES. II
£^ . Kearny-street and Mission-street r_' '
f "m cars every three minutes, direct to m
jy/i track without ' change. FlHmore- %/.
O street cars transfer each way. ■: ' !
(I ADMISSION TO THE TRACK, $1.00. ' fj
\J '■"■:•,'■ 8. N. ANDROUS. President. > / .'
F^ F. H. GREEN, Secretary. ' f%% ■
ooooqgnoooo
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 20. AT . 2:30 P. 1 M.. .
Swimming Races for Valuable Prizes*
AND MUSIC BY THE GAULOISE BAND.
ADMISSION.' 10c. , . ' CHILDREN. -. sc.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7A.M.to « P. M. . \
.'.'"■ BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO ■. P. M.
lioseWhal.
" METROPOLITAN TEMPLE, . ' " ;
EVENING DEC. 29 & AFTERNOON. DEC. M.
f
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Other cereals unchanged.
Shipment of $27,936 to China.
Beans firm and active.
Mustard Seed higher.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Potatoes and Vegetables quiet.
Eastern Eggs lower.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Large stocks of Eastern Poultry on hand.
No change in Game.
Fresh and Dried Fruit about the same.
Provisions slow.
Hops, Hides and Wool unchanged.
Mutton advanced. Other meats unchanged.
Bank clearings gain slightly.
Decreased shipments of Lumber.
Smaller exports of Canned Salmon.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Beigic took out a treasure list of $27
nsisting of $23,916 in Mexican dollars and
:. gold c.'in.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from this port by sea dur
ing the first ten months of the year were 4.
gallons, against 4,159,200 for the same
time in 1897.
EXPORTS OK LUMBER.
Exports of Lumber from this port during the
en months of the year were 16,623,000 feet,
valued at $324,827, against 21.53L000 feet at $442,
■ . E .me time in 1897.
EXPORTS OF SALMI 'N.
Exports of Salmon from this port during the
first ten months of the year were 472,7>*4 cases
and 10.270 packages, valued at t1.929.142, against
... at $2,114,427
for tfa ■ ■■■ In :v7.
HANK CLEARINGS.
Ix)cal bank clearings last week were 818,-
I against $18,402,096 for the same wt-ek
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
19, 5 p. m.
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov.
; The following :ire the seasonal rainfalls to
date. red with those of same date
nj rainfall in past 24 hours:
I'^st 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Se.ison. Season
Bureka 0.62 5.70 6.31
Huff 0.12 1.33 5.79
Sacramento 0.60 1.50 2.36
San Fran isco 0.24 2.16 2.X«
Fresno 0.34 1.48
I 0.86
0.00 0.11 2.47
San Diego 0.00 0.07 1.07
Yuma D.lB v.77
San Francisco .'.ata: Maximum temperature,
B6; minimum temperature, 49; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
K. .RECAST.
The barometric depression which was cen-
Bterday in Oregon has moved southeast
and ia now central in Southern Nevada .it;>l
Utah. Rain has fallen from Washington s >uth
ward to the T<*hachapi in California an-! rain
Bnow has fallen In Eaaten
. ■ A s>-\ ■•re cold wave Is fol
g behind the storm. Already the tem
ture has fallen aK'Ut twentj
Nevadi ins are favorable for severe
frosts in Southern California Sunday night
and if the wind ceases to-night severe frosts
w;ll tM-.-ur in the San .Toaquin Valley.
Ast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour? ending midnight. November JO. :•
Northern California— Fair Sunday, except in
creaa i 3a In north portion an •
ably showers on northr-r:i coasu variable winds;
killing frost Sunday night in south portion and
where still to-night.
Southern California— Scattered showers, fol
lowed by clearing weather Sunday; colder; se
vere frosts Sunday night.
Nevada — Fair Sunday; continued I
Utah— Ham, changing to snow, followed by
clearing Sunday; much colder; a cold wave.
Arizona— Rain, changing to snow in north
In south portion; much
colder: killing frost Sunday night.
F r San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday,
followed by increasing cloudiness; wind be
coming variable.
:il from Mount Tamalpais— Clear; wind
northwest. 42 n:iles: current temperature, 38;
maximum temperature, 42.
W. H. HAMMON.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK .STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— The market had the
burden of ?«\erai unfavorable factors to carry
at the opening to-day. The advance in the
rate of discount by the Iterlin Bank from 514
to 6 per cent had unsettled foreign markets and
depressed the internationally listed stocks here.
Union Pacific leading the decline with a drop
of a point. The Pacifies also suffered from the i
spec i reports of a rupture between Northern
Pacific and Oregon Navigation. There was fur
ther and sudden collapse of 1 to 4 points In
the Federal Steel stocks on the reported fail
ure of street railway interests to pool. Open-
Ing prices were, however, the lowest, for
strength quickly developed at points which
served to sustain the weak spots" and finally in
the weak stocks themselves. In Manhattan,
Sugar, People's Gas and the coalers all moved
upward. The quick rally in Federal Steel on
the large buying at' the decline conveyed the
suggestion that the failure to agree, as re
ported, might be in a purely Pickwickian
sense and prompted by the discreet purpose to
observe the letter of the Joint Traffic decision
of the Supreme Court. The opinion of a high
officer in the company that there was a dis
lositlon to maintain prices is confirmatory. In
Northern Pacific it was not only evident that
there was inside absorption of the offerings
but the recovery of prices of other roads af
fected by the dissension suggested a renewal
of efforts to patch it up. Finally the unex
pectedly favorable bank statement routed the
bears effectually. Of $4(13,800 increase in
cash not more than 000, 000 can be accounted
for by sub-treasury operations and the inter
ior movement. The source of the balance is
as much a mystery . as was the sudden de
crease of 000,000 in the return for November
6. The continued ease of the money market
during the week in the face of large clearing
house operations is, however, explained. Not
able strength was shown by Atchison preferred,
Northwestern, Omaha, Baltimore and Ohio and
a number of other stocks. The stock market
has shown in all the variety and irregularity
during the week that are usually characteris
tic of a market in whlCii the speculative an
investment public is taking a large part. A '
large aggregate of individual small transac
tions bore ■ie market up into irregularity in- .
evitably and takes it partly out of the hands
of the professional cliques and pools which are
able to manipulate it easily In time of dull
ness. The interest of the public was amply
manifested by the volume of business coming
to the floor of the exchange houses, which have
been crowded with customers all week. Appar
ently many of these were watlng for a reac
tion In prices in order to "get in," and when
xh>- sharp break came on "Wednesday the buy
in? from these houses was very heavy and ral
lied the market easily and effectually. Prices
have shown a prevailing disposition to go up,
but have been held back at intervals by one or
two causes. At the opening of the week the
sharp fall in surplus cash and surplus reserve I
shown by Saturday's bank statement was a
shadow on the speculative mind. The known
stringent conditions of the Berlin money mar
ket and the measures taken for protecting at
other financial centers made it . doubtful
whether relief could be had promptly by gold
Imports in case of a local eaueeze or without
sharp competition in discount rates, in spite
of the heavy outstanding balance to the credit
of this country in the world's money markets.
It is highly significant that the easier condi
tion of money in London was brought about
partly by a resumption of the holding back of
sterling exchange bills, coming forward to
New York for grain and cotton and with money
in New York distinctly working toward an
easier basis as tin; week advanced even in the
face of enormous clearing-house operations.
One reason assigned for the weakness of
Northern Pacific also has been the low ratio
of its operating expenses, which have aroused
fears in some quarters of a stripping of the
property. Northern Pacific has suffered
chiefly, however, from the belief that projected
new lines in the Northwest foreshadow the
} )PM = £ up O f t lO entente cordiale which has
«xlsted among the railroads In that country.
The liquidation in Northern Pacific has had
an influence in checking the general advance
In the latter part of the week.
There has been a large business in bonds dur
ing the week, though by no means up to last
wi-ek's hich record. The market has shown
the same irregularity as that for stocks.
United States new fours coupon and the fives
coupon have declined %, and the old fours
coupon, the new fours registered and the fives
registered M in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 273,200
shares, including: Atchison preferred, 21,635;
Burlington, 8920; Denver and Rio Grande pre
ferred, 5420; Manhattan, 7885: Northern Pacific,
16.450: Northern Pacific preferred. 3143; Rock
Island, 6000; Union Pacific, 5505: St. Paul, 10.-
B85: Northern Pacific preferred, 11.175; Tobacco
4230: Federal Steel, 11,438: Federal Steel pre
ferred. 30.445; People's Gas. 9320; Sugar. 10,205;
Chicago Great Western, 4800.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison .......... 15% St & S W .-■'»
Do prefd 44% Do prefd 14:4
Baltimore & Ohio. 52V* St Paul 112:4
Canada Pacific 83% Do prefd 162 1
Canada Southern .. 5414 St P & Om 854
Central Pacific ... 27V4 Do prefd 167
ehes & Ohio 22% St P M & M 173
Chi & Alton 159 So Pacific 26%
Chi 1! *; Q 118% So Railway 9%
Chi & E 111 SSV* Do prefd 379 i
Do prefd 108%! Texas & Pacific .. 15 5K5 X
CM Q W..., 15% Union Pacific .... 34V4
Chi Ind & L 8 i Do prefd 67%
' Do prefd 2S U P D & G. Ist
Chi & N W 139% assessment paid. 6
Do prefd 185 Wabash 8%
C C C & St L.... 41% Do prefd 22%
* Do prefd 85 W & L E Ist as-
Del & Hudson ... 96 sessment paid .. 3'i
Del L & W 141 Do prefd Ist as-
Del & Rio G : 15T4 mem paid 18%
Do prefd 61 *4 Express Companies —
Erie new 13% Adams Ex 109
Do Ist prefd 35% American Ex 140
Ft Wayne 174 United States 44
Gt Nor prefd 139 Wells Fargo 125
Hocking Valley .. 3',i Miscellaneous —
Illinois Cent 11l A Cot Oil 33%
Lake Erie & W... 14% Do prefd 85%
Do prefd 64% Amn Spirits 11%
Lake Shore 193 Do prefd 35
Louis & Nash 644 Am Tobacco 138
Manhattan L .... 94% Do prefd 127
Met St Ry 174% Cons Gas 186
Mich Cent 108 Com Cable Co 175
Minn & St L 28 Col F & Iron 22%
Do Ist prefd 94 Do prefd 77
Mo Pacific 36>4 Gen Electric 82
Mobile & Ohio 27% Haw Coml Co 46
Mo X & T mil Illinois Steel 104
Do prefd 31' Intnl Paper 61%
N J Central 87% Do prefd 91%
N V Central 117% Laclette Gas 48
N V Chi & St L.. 13 Lead 35%
Do Ist prefd .... 71 Do prefd 112
Do 2d prefd 33-% Minn Iron 138
Nor West 14 i Nat Lin Oil 5%
No Amer Co 6% I Pacific Mail 38V>
No Pacific 39% People's Gas 109%
Do prefd 75% Pullman Pal 135%
Ontario & W 15% Silver Cert 60%
Or R & Xav 50 Standard R & T.. 6%
Or Shore Line 29 Sugar 122%
Pac Coast lot pfd. SO Do prefd 111%
Do 2d prefd 59 TC & Iron 30%
Pittsburg 172 U S Leather 6%
Reading 10% Do prefd 66%
Do Ist prefd .... 39% U S Rubber 41 7 i,
ROW 27 : Do prefd 104%
Do prefd 63 (West Union 93%
Rock Island 117 % Fed Steel Co 31%
St L& S F 7% Do prefd 74%
Do prefd 65% Brooklyn R T .... 69
Do 2d prefd .: 31 V
CLOSING BONDS.
V B SB 105% V Central 15t5. .118%
U S new 4s reg...127% N J C 5s 114
Do coup 127% N Carolina 6s 125
US 4s 111?* Do 4b 103
Do coup 113 No Pac lsts 117
Do 2ds 98% Do 3s 66%
U sas reg 112%! Do 4s 101%
Do 5s cup 112% N V C & St L 48.105%
District 3.65:5. IIS Nor &W 6a 122
Ala class A 109% ' Northwestern c0n. 142
Do H 105 Do deb 5s 117%
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 101
Atehison 4s 97%,0 S Line 6s tr 123%
Do adj 4s 74% O S Line 5s tr....105%
Can So 2ds IO»>4 1 Pacific 6s of 95 102% i
C & O 4%s 88 ! Reading 4s 82% j
Chi Term 4=< 91% 1 R <! W lsts 90 !
C & Ohio 5s 116 St L & IM C 55.. 97%
C H & D 4> ; 104% ST L & S F G 65. .121%
D & R G lsts 10$ St P Con 161 j
D & R G 45..-: 99% St P C & P 1et5. ...121% !
East Term lsts 107 Do 5s 118%
Erie Gen 4s 72 So Railway 5s 102%
F W & D lsts tr.. 78% Stand R & T 65.... 7!)
Gen Elec 5s 109 Term new set 35... 94
GH&S A6s 103 Tex Pac I. G lsts. 109%
Do 2ds I'M Do Rg 2ds 47
H & T C os 111% V P T> & G lsta ... 81%
Do con 6s 11l Wab Ist 55.... 111%
lowa C lsts 101% Do 2ds 91%
La new con 4s 106% W Shore 4s 111%
I. & N Uni 4s 93% Va Centuries. 79
Missouri fis 100 I Do deferred 7
M X & T 2ds 65% Wls Cent lsts 61%
Do 4s 91% I
CLOSING STOCKS.
Chollar 17 Ontario 3 (">
Crown Point .. IS Ophir 70 |
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Plymouth '. 10 I
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry .... 17 Do prefd 500 !
Hale & Norcross .. 1 10 Sierra Nevada 90 I
Homestake 50 00 Standard 175 ;
Iron Silver *... 72 Union Con ->."
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON ST.OCXS AND BONDS.
Money— iWestinghouse El .. 35% !
Call loans 2@3 1 Do prefd 57%
Time loans ;;-m Ed Elec Tel 195
Stocks — Gen Elec prefd 165 j
A T & S Fe 15% Atchlson prefd ... 44%
Amer Sugar 122 1-*1 -* Bonds —
Do prefd 111% Atcbison 4s 96' 3
Bay State Gas 2% Mining Shares
Bell Tel 252% Allouez Mining Co. 5%
Boston & Albany. .2so Atlantic 32
Boston & Maine ..165 Boston & Mont ..238
Boston L 76 Butte & Boston .. 56
Chi Bur & Q lls's Calumet & Hec1a..640
Fitchburg 104% Centennial 24 ]
Gen Electric S2 j Franklin 19%
Mexican Central... 5 I Old Dominion 25 j
Old Colony 195 lOsceola 73"*
Or Short Line 29 Qulncy 140
Rubber 41 (Tamarack 179
Union Pac 34% Wolverine 33
West End 57% , Parrott 27
Do prefd 110 Humboldt 4%,
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— The Financier says:
The expanding volume of loans for the week,
as shown in the statement of the New York
Clearing-house banks, has fallen about 50 per
cent compared with the averages over a period
of six weeks past. Within the time named
loans have increased nearly $57,500,000, deposits
have expanded $75,500,000 and cash not nuite
SI7.OOO.CM'. The reserve now, however, is oniy
about J2.000.fi00 less than before these gatns
to be a feature of the weekly state
ments. If thfc report for the present week Is
a criterion, the hanks seem abundantly abU- to
care for a volume of new business approxi
nißtely large. They have increased their cash
.holdings since November 12 $4.lll3^'*}. and as
reserve r^'iuirements necessitated by the ex
pansion of $'.'.43 L' in deposits do not '-ail for
bo much cash the surplus reserve is $1,665,575
higher than a week ago. It has been expected
in view of the sudden revival since the elec
tion the loan item would show a heavy addi
tion, hut thf. actual increase was only $6,897,-
Xha home demands and the natural rise
in rates have probably checked the buying of
investment sterling, which has been reported
for some wetks. A shrinkage in the cash of
the New York Kinks might have led to some
liquidation in these investments, but under
the circumstances the volume remained at
about the present level. The banks are gain
ing from the interior and the current treas
ury deposits are adding to their cash resourc-s.
Still, it Is to be noted that the total increase
in specie for the week is accounted for largely
by the bank which holds intimate relati>nH
with the treasury. There has been more or less
shifting of funds, owing to the partial com
pletion of several large deals and heavy ln
| vestment buying. Speculation, as has been
I pointed out, does not mean withdrawal of 1. an-
I able capital; It merely transfers its ownership.
| 'Whether the return of money from the Interior,
! which generally begins at thin week, will be
■ us large as usual in the face of the expanding
I conditions throughout the West, is an inter
••stiiig problem. If this money Is added to the
[ New Yurk surplus future prospects may be de-
I termined acurately. If the gain Is little or
nothing and New York rates rest at par with
foreign centers, some interesting developments
in the way of exchange liquidation, with ac
companying specie Imports, may be expected,
especially as commercial bills have been com
ing forward rapidly.
THE LONDON' MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says:
The stock markets here were stagnant to-day,
speculative stocks, notably Americans, being
depressed by selling from Berlin, following the
rise in the discount rates of the Bank of Ger
many. The last time the German Ibank rate
■was 6 per cent was in 1882. the time of the
financial crisis in Paris. The present rise in
the rate is due to the desire to attract large
amounts of gold quickly. As previously told
in these dispatches, German bills to mature In
the next fortnight are exceptionally heavy.
Some failures are looked for, but nothing
really serious or far-reaching is expected, the
position being that Germany has engaged In
no mad speculation, but in active, sound enter
prise in all parts of the world, only requiring
more cash to finance it than they possess. Gold
to-day was at 77s lOd for Germany. The Eng
lish portion of Speyer"s Issue of the Southern
Pacific California bonds was applied for ten
times over.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— Spanish 4s closed at
41 7-ltir.
PARIS. Nov. 19.— Spanish 4s closed at 42.27.
LONDON. Nov. 19.— Canadian Pacific, 85%;
Grand Trunk, 7V».
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts.
30,829 barrels; exports, 20,742 barrels. Quiet
and about steady. Winter patents, $3 70<g>3 90;
winter straights, $3 45(33 55; winter extras,
$2 70@3; winter low grades, $2 25(g'2 45; Minne
sota patents, $3 75@4 10; Minnesota bakers, $3
@3 30.
WHEAT— Receipts, 344,100 bushels; exports.
352.913 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red, 76c
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady and ex
perienced a slight advance on the Jump in Corn
together with large clearances and Continental
baying, closed unchanged to He lower. Sales
Included No. 2 red March, 74!4<&74' / £c, closed
74^; May, 71@71 3-16 c, closed 71c.
HOPS— Firm.
Wool— Quiet; fleece, 17<g22c.
METALS— The Metal market of to-day was
a very small affair. The Metal Exchange is
sued no report.
PIGIRON — Quiet; Southern, $9 75@11 25;
Northern. $ll@ll 76.
COPPER— Firm ; lake brokers, $12 75.
LEAD — Quiet; brokers, $3 50. The firm nam
ing the settling prices for miners and smelt
ers at |he West quotes Lead at $3 50.
TlN— Steady.
SPELTER— Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, with prices
unchanged to 7 points lower. Sales, 4750 bags,
including: December. $o 36; January. $5 45;
February, $5 50; March, $5 60. Spot Coffee —
Rio. dull but steady; No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7
Jobbing, 6%c. Mild— Quiet and steady; Cor
dova, B@B l-sc.
SUGAR— Raw. strong, held l-16c higher; fair
refining. 4e; centrifugal, 96 test, 4V4c; molasses,
3%c. Refined— Firm, but quiet; mold A. 5V4c;
Ftandard and confectioners" A, s^c; cut loaf
and crushed. o\c; powdered and cubes, 5%c;
granulated. s>4c.
BUTTER— Reoelpta. 3«40 packages. Firm, j
THE SAX FKA> T CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
Western creamery, 15%@23%c; Elgins, 23% c;
factory, 11%@14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 3862 packages. Firm. West
ern, 23% c. ;*:;'/# ;
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— California Dried
Fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7@Sc;
prime wire tray, S@B%c; choice, S%@9c; fancy,
9%c '
PRUNES— 3%@IOc.
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@>l4c: Moorpark. 13igl7c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. S%@l2%c; peeled, IS
@20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. Heavy receipts In the
Northwest and easier cables from Liverpool
started Wheat a shade lower. Corn developed
considerable strength, however, and enough of
that feeling was reflected in the Wheat pit to
offset the easy feeling at the opening. Brad-
Btreet's reported clearances of Wheat and
Flour for the week from both coasts at 5,679,-
I 000 bushels, and Beerbohm's placed the total
shipments of the week from all quarters to
Europe at 8,400,000 bushels, which left only
2,721,000 bushels from all sources outside of
shipments from this side. That helped to some
! extent in producing the bullishness which
quickly followed the easy feeling at the open
ing. Near the close New York reported sixty
boat loads of Wheat disposed of there for
export. That scared the December shorts into
covering, and the closing quotation, 66% c, was
at the top of the day's range. May dragged
slowly over a range beginning at 65-, c ana
closing at.66@66%c sellers. • .
Higher cables and moderate receipts, 236
cars, gave Corn a strong start. An excellent
cash demand, together with a small interior
movement, stimulated bull sentiment and prices
ruled strong from beginning to end. May
closed with a gain of %c. .
A good cash demand and the advance in Corn
strengthened Oats. Shorts were forced to
cover and some of the most prominent longs
added to their line. May gained %c.
/The strength of the coarse grains had a
firming influence in Provisions. Traders
bought freely and as offerings from packing
interests were limited prices were forced up
ward. Pork and ribs advanced 7%c each and
lard 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
November .:::::::::: ««% « 6 % ■••; °*:»
December 6fiM> fifi't. 6t>% 66J,
May 66 66% 65% t>6'f,
Corn No. 2—2 —
November 0..?0 '..? 32% 33 32% 33
December 32% 33 32% 33
May 33% 34',; 33% 34V4
Oats, No. 2— „,,
December 25 25J1 25 25%
May 25% 25% 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl— _
December 7 83 7 90 7 85 7 90
January ...... 8 92% 905 8 92% 9 02%
May ..' 920 9 22% 920 920
De L c i embe P .. 10 °.. 1 . r457% 4 92% 4 87% - 4 92%
December 4 87% 4 92<* 4 S7> 2 4M%
January 4 52% 497 4 92% 4 97%
May 510 5 12% 510 5 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December •••• < •>«
January 4 52% 460 4 52% 460
May ..4 67% 470 4 67% 470
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, j
winter patents, $3 Ss@3 60; straits, %2 95@3 20;
spring patents, $4 25@4 50; bakers, $2 30Cg2 50;
No 2 spring wheat, 65@66c; No. 3 spring wheat,
63<&66c; No. 2 red. 6S%c; No. 2 corn, 33% c: No. .
•i oats. f. o. 1... 26% c; No. 2 white, 29>.i5j29%c:
No. 3 white. 27%#28%c; No. 2 rye. 51 Vie; No. 2 j
barley, 39@49c; No. 1 flaxseed, 97% c; prime
timothy seed. *2 35; mess pork, per bbl. $7 W,i
7 90;« lard, per lOOrbs, $4 95® i 97%: short ribs
sides (loose). $4 6>if?4 85; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $4 37%@4 50; short clear sides (boxed),
$4 80(8-4 90; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gal, $1 25; sugars, cut loaf, 5.77 c; granu
lated, 5.27 c. |
Articles— Receipts. Shipments !
Flour, bills is.OUO 15.000 \
Wheat, bush 139.000 58,000 ]
Corn, bush 265.000 792.000
Oats, bush 270.000 156.U00
Rye bush 33,0*) 3,000 :
Barley, bush 102.008 26.000 ,
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter j
market was steady; creameries, 14#22c; dairies.
12%igl&c. Cheese quiet, &@a%c. Eggs firm; j
fresh. 20%@21cl
WHEAT -lOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities — Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis -.04. MA
Duluth 102,242 819.831
Milwaukee 58.500 106.000
Chicago 139.050
Toledo 3.".. '-13 21,800
fft Louis 87,008 83.000
Detroit ». i- 8,718
Kansas City 54.500 100.00*)
Totals 1.511,363 1. 296,802
Tidewater—
Boston 32.000
New York 341. 1C0 332.1 m
Philadelphia 3f>.S.>6 8.891
Baltimore 116.064 24,5:«
New Orleans 63, sou
Qalveston 60.900
Totals 588.960 421.737
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening 6 1
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour — Oct. Jan. -A pi.
Opening 47 3.") 40 '.<:<
Closing
V heat-
Opening 21 55 2130
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, N..v. IS.— CATTLE— The small
supply of cattle to-day was easily disposed of
at former prices. Choice steers, $5 30<g5 73;
medium, $4 ~,Xai '.'5; beef steers, $4(ft"4 70; stock
ers and feeders. $3*r4 30; bulls. i 2 ZSfH 10; cows
and heifers, J3 30fn; calves. $3 f>(X(i7; Western
rangers, 82 "o<&4 35; Western led steers, $4®
5 13; Texas grass steers, $3 30©4 10.
HOGS — The demand for hogs was brisk at
yesterday's range of prices. Sales were at 3 ir>
'■■>", 56 as an extreme range for hogs, with the
greater part changing hands at $3 3.">'g3 5((; pigs
sold at $2 40^3 30, largely at $2 90® 3 20; hogs
sold 7I»(&10c7 I »(&10c lower than a week ago, and 5c
lower than a year ago.
SHEEP — A remarkably successful week for
sheep closed quietly, there being no improve
ment in demand. Feeders, $3 50i&3 75; year
lings, $4; Western sheep, $2 75^4 10; lambi),
$z 50@5 20.
Receipts— Cattle. 200; Hogs, 19,000; Sheep,
1600.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts
1000. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts SOOO. Market steady to
strong. Bulk of sales, $3 30@3 40; heavies, $3 30
©3 4.">; packers and mixed, $3 25Q3 40; lights
S3 10® 3 35; pigs, $3<j?3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts 200. Market steady. Lambs,
$2 75<g5 25; muttons, $2 Sfo@4 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Nov. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts 600.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4 30@5 30;
Western steers, $3 80<g>4 40; cows and heifers,
53&3 SO; canners. $2 251}? 3; stockers and feed
ers, $3 30<&4 40; calves, $4 50<jj7; bulls and stags
$2 25® 3 75.
HOGS— Receipts 7500. Market 5c lower
heavy, S3 27%@3 32%; mixed, $3 27%®3 30; light,
$3 25@3 37%; pigs, S3<g3 30; bulk of sales, $3 27%
4J3 32%.
SHEEP— Receipts 100. Market dull. Native
muttons, {3 50®4 20; Western muttons $3 40&
*; stock sheep, 53&3 75; lambs, S4ig s 20.
• DENVER.
DENVER, Colo.. Nov. 19.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 300. Market steady to firm. Beef steers,
$3 SO® 4 25; cows. S3 15@3 50; feeders, freight
paid to river, S3 60@4 25; stockers, freight paid
$3 s<X§4 25; bulls, stags, etc., $2 25@3.
HOGS— Receipts, none. Market quiet and
unchanged.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market steady and
unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— Consols, 110 3-16; Silver,
27 15-16 d; French Rentes, lOlf 80c. Wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pass
age, easier but in some request.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 19.— Wheat. steady;
Wheat In Paris, weak; Flour in Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 l-16d.
CLOSING. /
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; November,
nominal; December, 6s Id; March, 5s a^id.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter, 6s Id;
No. 1 red Northern spring, steady, 6s 2'/4d.
CORN — Spot American mixed, firm, 3s 10'jd.
Futures steady; November, 3s 10U; March,
3s 6%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, Bb.
HOPS— Pacific Coast firm, £5 sso£s 15s.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— There was a slight in
crease in the inquiry for Wools during the
week. The various consumptive markets
showed an improved tone, but business was
limited. The arrivals to date for the sixth
series of auction sales, which topen on Tues
day, November 29, amount to 100.147 bales, in
cluding 18,500 bales forwarded direct.
IMPORTS AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Nov. 19.— The imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at New York
for the week ending to-day were valued at
$10,347,370.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Exports of gold and
■liver from this port to all countries for the
week ending to-day aggregated $843,660 silver
bars and coin and $1000 gold.
The imports of specie this week were $103,230
In gold and $21,803 silver.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Nov. 19.— Exchanges, $171,046;
balances, f 23, 642. j
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Nov. 19.— Wheat steady; Walla
Walla, (iOc; valley and blue stem, 63@64c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 19.— Wheat— Club, 60c; blue
stem, 63(g64c. _
LOCAL MARKETS.
.EXCHANGE ' AND BULLIO'I.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — J $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight '. — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, . telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce ....;... — ' ' 60%
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There, was no particular change,
one way or the other. ] The demand was slack.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 17%@1 20; milling,
$] 22' 2 <§ 1 25.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— May— 24,ooo
ctls, |121%; 30.000, $1 21. December— l2.ooo.
SI 17%; 000, $1 17%. :
Second session— May— l2.ooo ctls. $1 21»4.
Regular morning session — — 8000 ctls.
$121%; 32,000, 21%. December— 2ooo, $1 17%:
6000, $1 18. , "
BARLEY— The week closed on a firm but dull
market.
Feed, $1 25@1 30; Brewing, $1 32%@1 40 per
ctl. ...;::.■-,»
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second session — sales.
Regular morning session— December — (000 ctls,
$1 29%.
OATS— The demand continues fair at un
changed prices.
Fancy Feed. $1 27%@1 30 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 22', 2 <o'l 25; common, $1 17%@1 20; Sur
prise. $1 35gl 42%; Gra- $1 20@l 22%; milling,
$1 25@1 30 per ctl; Red. SI 40@l 47%; Black, $1 60
01 70.
CORN— Is firmly held, but quiet.
Small round yellow, $1 15@1 20; Eastern large
yellow, $1 02%@l 05; white. $1 05; mixed, $1 02»
@1 05 per ctl; California White, $1 05@l 07%.
RYE— California, $1 20; Eastern, $1 15@1 17%
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
F-OUR— Family extras. $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90«j4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 13 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100: Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25<g/3 50; Buckwheat I
Floui, $4^4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina !
54 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats i
(barrels), Jo BSO6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl j
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. I
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
Hay is dull. Bran is firm.
BRAN— sls® 16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI&({^2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $27 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31(?i31 50; job
bing, J32&32 50; Cocoanut cake. i24(&25; Cotton
eeed Meal, $2SJi3O per un : Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25.
CALIFORNIA H.'-T— Wheat, $16 50@18 50 for
good to choice and $14ji16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. jlfi^ilS;
Oat, $14016: Island Barley. $13'<zl4: Alfalfa,
| 50; Stock. HI 012: Clover, nominal.
i 'l TSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Timothy, $13 per ton.
STRAW— 3S©7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Mustard Seed is higher. Beans are firm and
'active, with an advance in Bayos.
HK.ANS- $1 Pr.«i2 05: Small Whites, $2Q
2 15; Large Whites. $1 85«/ l 65; Pinks, $1 90®2 05";
I lleds, $3 25; Blackeye, $3 50©3 75; Butters, %2dfi
! 2 50; I.ttnas, t.i Zs@3 35; Pea, $2 10'ij2 20; Red
' Kidneys, i- 40©2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 2,''??4 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4 10: Flax. i--'u2 10: Canary
; Seed. 2 1 «ifi2^Jc per II) : Alfalfa, B%@7c; Rape,
: 2U'a2?.c: Hemp, 2 l ifi-3c; Timothy, G<?js%c.
! DRIED PEAS— " 25©1 40; Green. $1 50
j 61 75 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONION'S AND VEGETABLES.
There is nothing new to report, the market
being quiet.
POTATOES— for Early Rose and 3'.'rr
'< 50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c@
i $1 10; Oregon, 704091; Sweet Potatoes, BOO9Oc
{ for nearby. and $1 ft 1 25 for Merced; New Pota
; toes, l',-2'52c per Ib.
i ONIONS— 3O@SOc per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35®
5f- per ctl. • - -';•-:■- -"
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 4c; String
B -«. 4!&7c; Green Peppers, 40<?I50c; Cabbage,
: 4(>iJ?!sOc: Tomatoes, 35® 60c; Garlic. 4@sc per lb;
, I.ied Okra. 10c ncr lb; Cucumbers, 50@60c;
■ Marrowfat S«uash JlOCtl.". per ton.
EVAPOR-.TED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
i sliced, raw. 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced.
' desiccated, IS^lSc; granulated. raw. 13c;
| Onions, 60"; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
j bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 3i>c: Turnips, 25c;
j String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
rOn.TRY AND GAME.
Large stocks of Eastern Poultry were carried
over. There was no change in local stock.
Game stands about as usual
Eastern Is' selling at $5 for Hens, $5 for
old Roosters, t~> 6G@C f<T young Roosters, $4
for Fryers, $3 5004 for Broilers.
POULTRT Dressed Turke-s. lSijmc; live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 12V2513C for
Hens; Gee.«.-. per pair, %l Zo@i 7r.; QoslinSS.
Si 6091 75; Ducks, tVaf, for old and f4<H for
jnurr: Hens. $3 ."."■Vi4 50; Fryers, $3 r Mul: Broil
ers, ;?, 55 111 1 for larK' 1 . »3'«3 23 for small: Pigeons,
lltil 2.". iirr duzt-n for old and Jl 75 lor sijuabs.
G A M l .
Quail, $1 25(ffl 50; Mallard. $3(54; Canvasback,
$3@7: Sprig, |3@3 50: Teal, $1 25@1\60; Widgeon,
$1 50®l 76; S.n.iill Duck. $1 25&1 60; English
Snipe, $1 50; Jack Snipe, $1; Gray Geese
$2 50; White Geese, $l«il 25; Brant. $1 6061 75;
Honkers. $4; Hare, DflS; Rabbits, $1250150
for Cottontails and $1 for small. " --y
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eastern Eggs are lower under Increased sup
plies. Fine ranch Eks» are firm, but medium
Btock is weak and dull.
There is nothing new In Butter and Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23@24c; sec
onds, 20(& 22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@20c; common
grades, 15@17^£c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, lS@2Oc; pickled roll.
15ti21c; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter — Ladle packed, 16@16V4c per
lb; Elgin, 22(6 22 We.
CHEESE— mild new, 10®lle; old, S%@
9V4c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America,
IOV4@U%C; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Ebbs, 40@42%c per dozen; me
dium Eggs. 3.', ( :i7i-jc; Eastern. 20@25c for ordi
nary and 27&@28>4c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Fresh Mexican Limes are on the market.
Oranges are quiet and weak.
Deciduous fruits remain unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $:: 5005 per chest for large and
lor small.
Huckleberries, 6@6c per lb.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal.
Cranberries, $7 50&9 50 per barrel for Eastern
and $1 75©' 2 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 35©60 c per box; crates sell about 10c
higher than boxes.
Raspberries, $5© 6 per chest.
Apples, 33<&60c for common, 75@85c per box
for No. 1 and $I@l 25 for choice. Lady Ap
ples,- $1 :-''a-.
Pears— soc@sl 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $3@4
per box; Seedlings, $1 50<&2 25; Lemons, jl@2 lor
common and $2 60@3 SO for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes, $4@4 50; California Limes. 25c@Jl
per small box; Grape Fruit, $3 50@5; Bananas,
%\ 50@2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3&5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
A small but .'• steady jobbing trade keeps
stocks from piling up too high. No change in
prices.
DKIED FRUIT— 6^c for 40-50' s. 4Vi
®5c for 50-60' s. 3%c for 60-71;' s, 3o for 70-80" s.
i'/^c for Su-'JO's. 2c "for 100' s and l&c
lor luO-110'.s; Silver Prunes, 2&@sc; Peaches.
Ctj7%c for good to choice, 7Vi®Bc for fancy and
10& 12 Vac for peeled; Apricots, 10@"12c for Royals
and li@l2V4c for Moorpark; Evaporated Apples,
7>*®7V4c; sun dried, 4'fl4Vsc; Black Figs, sacks,
2»j2 1 Plums,, 4^@6c for pitted and l@lV4c for
unpltted; Nectarines, C@7c for prime to fancy;
Pears, 6@7c for quarters and B<S9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3?ic for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 5V6@6V4c for Seedless
Sultanas, 4V«c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%<&.3c. •
NUTS—Chestnuts, 8@12%c per lb; Walnuts,
6(§7c for hardshell, B@9c for softshell; Almonds,
6@7c for hardshell; 13c for softshell, 14@15c for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4^40
Dc for California; Cocoanuts. $4 r>o®s.
HONEY— Comb, 10£rllc for bright and 8@»o
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6H@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@sVic
per lb. i ; ■-;
BEESWAX— per lb. ■
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per lb for
heavy, Sc for light medium, 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12@12Vic for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured ' Hams, 10c; California
Hams, 9®9V-c; Mess Beef, *10©10 50 per'bbl;
extra Mess Beef, |11@11 50; Family Beef, Jl2@
12 50; extra Prime Pork. $10; extra' clear, 118®
18 60; mess. ■■• »15 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per lb. ■" •
- LARD— Eastern tierces, quoted at 5Hc per lb
for compound and fi%@7c for pure; palls, 7'.-jc;
California tierces, 4»i@sc per lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half-barrels, 6V4c; 10-lb tins,
7Vic; 5-lb tins, 7%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. s?fe©6Hc; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. «0 in a case. 9V4c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 6-lb pails, 12 In a
case, BV4c; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case, BHc;-50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%0: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%0; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7\c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The situation remains the same In all goods
under this head.
HIDES AND SKIN'S-Cullß and brands ecU
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, B%e; light 8c; Cowhides,
B@B>/fec; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, B>±c: Calf. B%c;
dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands, 12c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 15<??25c each; short wool. 30@
40c each; medium, 6o@80c; long wool, 90c@$l 10
each: Horse Hides,, salt, tl 75<g2 for large and
75c for .small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry. $160
for large and 50c@$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3M-c per lb; No. 2,
2%c; refined, 4'5@4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months', 8@10c; Foothill and Northern, free,
125514 c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 10@
12c: Middle County. 13@16c; Humboldt and Men
docino. 14@16c: Nevada. 10@14c: Eastern Ore
gon. 10®12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt aad Mendoclno 11013
Northern mountain 9@ll
Mountain 8(910
Plains 6<g> 9
HOPS— IB9B crop, 13@17c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4?4@5c; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quenttn Bags. $4 85; Fruit Bags, sc, 5%c and
fi%c for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, }8 per ton; New 'Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, J7 50; Seattle.
%6; Bryant, »fi; Coos Bay. $5; Wal!s«»nd. $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $10
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Kerg. -$14;
Cannel. JS 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. 6^c: Candy
Granulated. 5%c; Dry Granulated. s>Ac; Confec
tioners. A. 5Hc; California A. 5%c: Magnolia A.
5Hc: Extra C, sc: Golden C. 4%c; half-barrels,
J/4cJ /4 c more than barrels, and boxes M.c more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton is again higher. No other changes.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6%@7c: choice, ' 7V4c;
second quality. 6c: third quality. <Mi@3%c. ■
VEAL— Large, 7@Bc; small, 7®TSVic per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B<§BV-e; Ewes, 7»-4@Bc.
LAMB— B%®?c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4@4%c for large. 4y»«4Vic
for medium and 3V4@3%c for small: stock Hogs,
2%@3c; dressed Hogs. 6®7c for prime.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks closed the week firm, with a
slight advance over the preceding day.
j ' In local securities there were free sales of
j Hawaiian Commercial at $49 25©48 50. Hutch
i inson sold up to $63 75. Giant Powder opened
, at $57 12% and closed at $58.
j The Confidence assessment falls delinquent in
] board, and the Best & Belcher assessment in
office to-morrow.
The Osceola Consolidated Mining Company
I has declared a dividend of $2. payable Decem- ,
j ber 20. V,
The Spring: Valley Water Company will pay
its regular monthly dividend of 50 cents to
morrow.
The annual meeting of the Honolulu Sugar
! Company will be held to-morrow. •
j The Oceanic Steamship Company has declar
j ed a monthly dividend of 50 cents per share,
; payable December 1.
I The Strong mine, a Colorado gold mine, lo
\ cated on Battle Mountain, near the Portland,
, has paid $420,000 to date, including $150,000 this
j year, the last dividend, of $25,000, being paid
on the Ist of November.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Nov. 19—10:30 a. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
V fi Bonds— S F G & E.... 85% 85%
4s quar c0up.. 112 113 San Fran .... — 3Vi
■is quar reg...lll*illl% Stockton Gas.. — 15
As quar new... 127 127% ■ Insurance—
3s quar coup.. Firem's Bund. 2oo —
Miscellaneous— | Vater Stocks—
; Cal-st Cab 5a.. 115 117 Contra Costa.. 50 54
! Cal jSI 8s 12.1 — Marin Co SO —
; C C Wat 55... 100% — Spring Valley. 102*103*
■■ Dup-st ex c... — 38% Hank Stocks—
E L & P .130 — Anglo-Cal .... 62% —
iF& Cl Ry 6s. 114 — Hank of Ca1. .250 —
I Oeary-»t X 6s. — 100 Cal SM & T.. its 100
H C & S 5%5. 99*4104% First Nation!. 2lo 215
jL A LCo 6s. — 100 Lon P & A.... 151% —
Do gntd 65.. — 142 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st to.. 128% — Nev Nat 1.....175 177%
I Do Ist M 55.115%116% Savings Bank-—
iN C NGRy 75. 10* - Ger S & _.1f:25 16J5
N Ry Cal 65:.113% — Hum * L.1050 116u
IN Ry Cal 55.. 104% — Mutual Say. 35 45
NPC X R 6s. 103 — S ■ F Say XT.. 495 —
U'rCKH 53.100^101 jS £ L. 50.... — 100
I N Cal R R ss. — — , Security S B 300 350
I Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Union T C 0.1060 —
Dm Hy 6s 126%— Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 63. — 107 California ....10S% —
P 4 O 6b.. ...112 — Geary ...: 45 —
Powell-at 65... — 123 Market-st .... 55% 56
. Sac El Ry 55. 100 - Presidio .....:. 9 10
EF 4X P 58.110 110% Powder—
HlerraßCal 65.11>4%105<i California ....135 145
S.Pof Ar 58. .100 109% X Dynamite... S. . —
! B P Cal 65....1UH — Giant Con Co. 57% 58
: BPC Is eg as. .101- — Vlgorit 2% 2%
S P Hr 8s 116 — Miscellaneous— *
S V Water 6a.115% — Al Pac Assn..lo3'*lo4
B V Water 45.102»i — Ger I^l Wk5..160 —
F v v/4«(3dm).101H — Hana P C 0.... 17\ 17%
! Stktn Gas 65. .100 — H-C & ri Co.. 4^•' B 49
i Gas & Electric— - Hutch S P Co. 63% 64
Cent G«Wllght.lO6 — Mer Ex Assn. HO —
Cent L. & P... &% 12 Oceanic S Co. 61 62Vi
Mtutal El Co. 13 14 Pac A F A... 1%. 2>4
' Oakland Gas.. — 53 Pac C Bo r Co. 106 —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 564 Par Paint Co. 7\4 —
j Pae L Co 47' i— ■ I ■■■:■■■
Mornlnx Session.
5 Bank of California 250 00
50 Giant Powder Con 57 12%
15 do do 57 00
15 do do 57 50
20 do do 5R 00
40 do do 57 87%
10 Hutchlnson S P Co 63 25
20 do do 63 00
10 do do 63 75
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 49 25
100 do do 49 00
160 do do 4S 75
260 do do 4$ 50
50 do do , 49 00
75 do do 4S 62U
5 Market-Street Railway 55 75
10 Mutual Electric Light 12 3"M>
100 do do 13 00
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 75
60 do do s 60 85 25
45 Spring Valley Water 102 00
$4000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds (3d m0rt)...101 50
Street—
$5000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 50
i
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
100 Central Light & Power. 9 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
600 Belcher 25 100 Justice 23
400 Best & Belcher. 38 400 Mexican 30
200ChoIlar 24 GO Ophlr 70
100 Con Cal & Va...l 30 100 71
100 Crown Point ... 20 1 100 Sierra Nevada... 05
200 Gould & Curry.. 19 100 110
100 Hale & Norcrs.l 20
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
Alta 12 500.... 25
200 13 200 Mexican ,30
: 400 Belcher 24 200 .. ' si
1200 Best & Belcher 38 300 Ophir 70
200. ............ 39 2tK) 72
200 Caledonia 23 200 Savage 21
100 24 300 20
200 Challenge 19 200 Sierra Nevada.l 12 1 *
500 Chollar 25 200.... 110
400 Con Cal & Va...l 30 200 115
400 frown Point ... 20 800 Union Con 3o
200 Gould & Curry.. 20 300 31
200 Justice 22 200 ....;. 33
500... 23 300.. 34
1200 24 1200 Utah .. .:..V. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Nov. 19—12 m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alj>ha 03 05 Julia 01 02
Alta 13 15 Justice 22 25
Andes 10 11 Kentuek 05 06
belcher 25 26 Lady Wash ... — 09
Benton Con ... — 10 Mexican 30 32
Best & Belcher 38 S9 Occidental 40 —
Bullion 06 07 Uphir 71 72
Caledonia — 26 Overman 05 07
Chollar 25 27 Potosi 16 18
Challenge Con. 17 IS Savage 19 20
Confidence 57 60 1 Scorpion 03 —
Con Cal & Va.l 25 1 30iSeg Belcher ... — 03
Con Imperial .. 01 02 1 Sierra Nevada.! 10 115
Crown Point .. 20 21 1 Silver Hill .... — 07
Con New York. — 04JSyndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 —I Standard 170 —
Kxchequ«r — o*l Union Con 33 34
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Utah 16 17
Hale & Norcrs.l 15 1 20! Yellow Jacket. 21 22
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
T. | W.
T.
V.
ilpha
>lta
indes
telcher
lest & Belcher
iullion
'•iltxlonla
'hallenge
'hollar
'on. Cal. & Va
lonfldence
'rown Point
Sould & Curry
lale <t Norcross
ustlce !
lexlcan
iphlr
Herman
iccldental
21:
il 15
03
14
10
25
40
06
"is
28
135
•67
20
21
1 20
! 23
! 31
72
05
50
16
19
1 70
1 15
• 34
IS
22
'otosl ....:........:
avase ••••
tandard
21'
74
06
47
18
20
80 1
80 •
28
10
21
lerra Nevada.
Jnton
Ttah I
'ellow Jacket
It was stated In a London police court
recently that 8 or 9 shillings a day can
be made by begging.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, November 19.
Flour, qr sks ... 6,480 Hops, bales '•■
Wheat, ctls 140 Wool, ba es *
Barley, ctls 2,30.". Pelts, bdls £ ■
Rye. ctls 2ft Hides, no *™
Cheese, ctls 23 Powder, car J
Butter, ctls 92 Do boxes *?
Tallow, ctls 220 Eggs, doz ••-•••• °'-SJ
Beans, sks 1,500 Quicksilver, flsk. b-
Potatoes, sks ... 3,72" Lumber, ft *- f ™>
Onions, sks 1,316 Wine, gals 3b. -"w
Bran, sks 21,000 Lime, bbls "
Middlings, sks .. 3.V. Sugar, bags *?
Straw, tons 61 Raisins, bxs .... 1.-» u
Hay, tons 239
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 900 Oats, ctls 46 *>
Wheat, ctls 420 Hay, tons *"
WASHINGTON.
Oats, ctls 960iBran. sks <69
Wheat, ctls ...... 12.270! Shorts, sks 2.a«,
Barley, ctls 3,580!
GROWGWILL'S" SOAP XETI'LE.
"I don't know when I've seen a man
rjore surprised," said Cooupl O'Mper.
"than my friend Abner Gruwr,v\U was
whti. he tried to break up tl»e ? >np Ket
tle. Mr. Growgwill lived in Storkvtlle
Center. Vt. He had a big, cestiron soap
kettle that was cracked and of no fur
ther use, so he wanted to get ;t broken up
to sell for scrap. He might have had
men break it up with sledges, but as the
county fair was going on in Stork %-ihe
Center he had an idea that he'd havp .t
taken up* by the man that was mak.iur
balloon ascensions and dropped from a
good height on Stony Hill, a rocky rise
not far from the fair ground. He thought
this would be fun, and the balloon man,
as a mutter of fact didn't charge him
anything for it, because he turned the
whole business into a big advertisement
for himself and had posters out all over
announcing that on such a day and at
such an hour, weather permitting. Pro
fessor Hifiite would drop Mr. Abner
GrowKwlll's monster soap Kettle from his
balloon upon the summit of Stony Hill.
"Of course the whole town turned out
to see it. Storkville Center had never
seen a cast-iron soap kettle drop from
a balloon upon the summit of a rocky ;
hill before. I doubt, Indeed, if any other j
community ever has. The wind was fa- j
vorable. The load was about all the bal- |
loon could lift, even though it had been j
inflated to its fullest capacity and all ex- |
tra weight had been removed and all bal
last was left behind. But It lifted it fin
ally and soared away higher and higher
off in the direction of Stony Hill. At a
great elevation, and when the balloon was
directly over the stoniest part of the hill,
the people, Mr. Growgwill among them,
stretching their necks and looking up
from below, saw the aeronaut making
ready to cast the great kettle loose. Just !
an instant before he did so a gxisty cur
rent of air struck the great gas globe and
pushed over on one side, swinging the :
great kettle under it in the other direc
tion. The professor ivould have waited
If he could until the balloon and the kettle !
had resumed the perpendicular, but it i
was too late now. Some of the lashings '■
had already been cast loose and the ■
weight of the kettle did the rest, and
away it went sailing through the air. not
dropping straight down to be smashed
into fragments on the rocky top of Stony
Hill, but flying off in a slantendfcular di-i
rection whose end was realized in a mm- '
ute. with a shout of dismay by everybody •
looking on; it was flying straight for the I
house of a farmer who lived at the foot
of the hill.
"It struck the chimney, which was in
the middle of the house, souare on the
top and crushed it down as a great boul
der would have crushed down a man's tall
hafc, and smashed right on down through !
the house plumb to the cellar, leaving a
big. ragged crater at the top where the !
chimney had been, with a cloud of dust j
coming up out of it. The whole multitude
made for the house, fearful that some
body hud been killed in it; but the farmer
and his family had a!! been out with the !
rest looking on; so, fortunately, nobody ;
was hurt; but the house was a' wreck; it '
was all right outside, but inside it was
gone to pieces, and after it all .the big
kettle lay in the cellar as sound as ever i
but for the original crack.
"Mr. Growgwill was a man of means, i
and he paid for fixing up the house, which ]
amounted suostantially to rebuilding it.
He tried to get the balloonist to pay parr. ;
but the professor said that he had under- !
taken the work under contract, and he :
couldn't be responsible for the action of j
the elements, anyway, so Mr. Growgwill
had to pay it all. He never had any more
Boap kettles to break up; but it is safe I
to say that if he had had he would have !
had them broken up with sledges in the j
commonplace way. and not dropped from
balloons." — New York Sun.
He was an earnest minister, and one
Sunday, in the course of a sermon on the
significance of little things he said: "The
hand which made the miphtv heavens,
made a grain of sand; which made the
lofty mountains, made a drop of Water;
which made you. made the grass of the
field; which made me, made a daisy!"'
Theatrical posters must have the ap
proval of a committee of the City Council
in Hartford.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
November, 1898.
Fr.
Moon-*
8
15
a"
2
I
16
I
5
November
0
I
IS
a New Moon.
I W November 13.
! -j|Ptrßt Quarter,
| 3? November 3j.
Lhn Full Hoar.
I Vi. November 17.
_1L
24
2S
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Prosreao [Seattle |Nov. 20
Corona jSan Diego INov. 21
Chllkftt iHumboldt Nov. 21
Washtenaw ITacoma Nov. 21
Navarro Yaqulna Bay Nov. 21
Columbia .Port land jNov. 22
Del Norte (Crescent City Nov. 22
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 22
Coptic China and Japan Nov. 22
Homer Coos Bay I Nov. 22
Orizaba (Newport INov. 23
Walla Walla.... (Victoria & Puget SoundJNov. 23
Mackinaw |Taeoma |Nov . 23
Pomona IHumboldt JNov. 23
Slam (Nanalmo Nov. 24
State California; Portland Nov. 25
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 25
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 25
Cleveland [Puget Sound Nov. 25
Coos Bay I Newport jNov. 27
Aroata Coos Bay INov 27
Geo. W. Elder.. l Portland [Nov. 28
fmatllla 'Victoria & Puget SnundiNov. 2S
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Pomona ....IHumboldt .... Nov. 20, 2 pm Pier 9
G. \V. Elderi Portland Nov. 21, 10 amPler 24
Coos Bay... Newport Nov. 21, 9 am Pier 11
C. Nelson.. Puget Sound.. Nov. 21, 10 ami Pier 2
Signal Grays Harbor Nov. 21, 4 pm Pier 27
Queen | Vie & P*t Sd. Nov. 22. 10 am'pter n
Chllkat ....IHumboldt ....Nov. 22. 2 pm Pier 13
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 22, 10 am .Pier 13
\*eeott wYaquina Bay. Nov. 22. 10 am.Pier 13
Corona San Diego Nov. 23, 11 amPler 11
Phantunß .. Chlna&Japan Nov. 23. 1 pm PMSS
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 24. 10 amiPler 24
Orliaba ....iNewport Nov. 25. 9 am I Pier 11
Btate of CaljPortland Nov. V, 10 amiPler 24
Santa Rosa.San Dle(?o Nov. 27, 11 amPler 11
Walla WalllVlc & P K t Sd. Nov. 27, 10 ampler <J
City t^ydneyiPanama Nov. 28, 12 mPMSS
Cleveland .Puget Sound.. ! Nov 28 i
Ltton.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Cnaat and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20.
Sun rises 6:56
Sun sets 4:55
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
I
ft.
Ft.
Ft.
"•
-
—
5
C
I.J
4:37
6:01
1:19
2:10
2:59
3:46
4:31 1
I 11:07
l:i
:■:
S:
1.__,..I .__,..
1.1
12:13
H W
6:56
7:37
S:l6
8:54
S:3O
5.4
6.C
8.7
1.
0:
0.
— 0.
H W
7:23
8:36
S»:38
10:38
11:32
4.2
4.3
■ 2.4
2.8
1.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
Becond time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a. minus sign <— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower If w waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States HydrosraDhlo
Office, located in the Merchants Exchange la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
cordially Invited to visif the
fifrtce where complete sets of charts and sail
lng directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
fn tnT morning papers the #l!l !o s wi ™ UG «£ ES
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
TIME BALL.
branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chant" Exchange. San Francisco, CaL. No-
The^ime ballon" t..e tower of the new Ferry
building- was dropped at exactly noon to-day
bunding" noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock P. m. Greenwich -fIGHKS.
Lieutenant. U. S. X- in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, November 19.
Stmr Whltesboro. Johnson. 15 hours from
Gr s e tmr V °S^uth Coast. Zaddart. 38 hours from
R KUn n r d Coos Bay, Glelow. 74 hours from New-
P °Bktn Gleaner. Sprague. 6 days from Grays
H Bktn r Encore. Panno, 65 days from Junin.
Scbr Laura Madsen. Rasmussen. 6hi dajs fm
°Scnr "rchifand Fontie, Johannsen. 12 hours
16 days from
Unalaska.
CLEARED.
Saturday. November 1».
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka; Goodall, Perk
fir stmr Belgic, Rinder. Hongkong via Toko-
North Fork, B.asb, Eureka; Charles
Schr Transit. Jorgenson. Honolulu: Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. November If.
Rtmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Cnqullle River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Mineola, David. Tamma.
Bktn Archer, McAlman. Honolulu.
RETURNED.
Saturday, November 19.
Brig Consuelo. Page, hence Nov 17, for Ka
hului on account of the death of Captain
Jacobsen.
CHARTERS.
The Chehalis loads lumber at British Colum
bia for Shanghai. 48s 9d; Louisiana, lumber at
British Columbia for Sjoiney. 3Ss 3d- Edward
O'Brien, coal at Depart#e Bay for Honolulu,
and sugar for New Tork: Gen Charette, wheat
at Portland for Europe. 365.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON Nov 19— Br bark Darra in port at
Sydney has been on fire. Fire was quenched
with little damage: no cargo on board.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Baranoff— The schr Maksonitoff sailed the
same day as we did. The schr Falcon was in
port a" steam whaler was in port at Dutch
Harbor. Probably Ft^rless.
Per Consuelo from sea Nov I»— Nov IS at 3:30
a m 50 miles west of San Francisco. Captain
Jacobsen died. He was a native of Norway, 52
years old. Took to his room at 10:30 p. m. on
the 16th and died next morning.
SPOKEN
Oct 9— Lat 10 N, lons 27 W. Br ship Portal
loch, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Hueneme.
UMPQUA— Arrived Nov 16— Schr Louise, from
"""SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 19— Schr Nellie O
Thurston, for ; ship Lucile, for San Fran
ci ->c ri
TACC'MA — Arrived Nov 19— Schr Dora Bluhm
from San Pedro.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 16— Br ship Perse
verance, from Shanghai.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Chllkat,
ht-nc^* Nov 17.
NEAH BAY— Passed Nov 19— Ship Lucile. fm
Seattle, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 19— Schr
Exrelslor, from Newport: schr John A Camp
bell, from Newport.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed Nov 13— Bark Guy
C CrOM for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Nov Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AMOY— Now 18— Schr Eric, from
Newchwang.
COLON— Arrived Nov 17 — Stmr Advance, tm
New York.  , ■• ., -•
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 18— Schr . MUriel, frtn
Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov Stmr China,
hence Oct 29. _1
NEWCH"WANG— Arrived Nov Br stmr
Lombard, from Vancouver. ".I, \J,
NAGASAKI— In port Nov 7— l S stmr Nero,
from Manila. . ■
GUAYMAS— Arrived Nov Schr Eva, from
Grays Harbor. _*
ALT AT A— Arrived Nov 18— Schr Czar, hence
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
k,^ Steamers leave Broadway
tQw wharf, San Francisco:
KjKaHJK For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
raPf^B*^ Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22, 27, Dec. 3.
HlM^^l transfer 'at Seattle. ':.■••--•
RSI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
iafcar^i^m O. Port Townsend. Seattle.
rr 4 **^^^ Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10
a m.. Nov. 2. 7, 12. 17. 22. 27,
rw ■> and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
th Vnr af V e anta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
rJ^ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo).
clviota' Santa Barbara. Ventura Hueneme
San Pedro (Los Ange and
rlr^ rt and ( cve n ry toSrfhVk *&££ '
ti^or San Dleg? stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohispo). Santa Barbara. Port
L°o r d £ge.e S and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
Nov 3 7 11 * 19 - T> - Dec " lf and
Hi iSKifir^SSSS- Bay. San Jose del
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
al »lOKKT 'oma-Ei-i ' New Montgomery
Bt GOODALrPERKiNS & CO.. Gen. Agt,..
GOO " A ' io, Market St.. San Francisco.
" THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berths
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3 .12. 21. 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6, 15 24. Dec. 1.
state or California nails Nov. 9, 18, 27. Dec. 6.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all. points in the , Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East,
inruu beb c c WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO..
■■_--.-—;:,.• Superintendents. ' -••. - ■
Oompagnie Generate Transatlantic
r ° (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS xjj.
(FRANCE). Sailing everj' Saturday «^£j!s2>
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, North **■""■"
River, foot of Morton . street.
LA BRETAGNE Nov. 26
LA TOURAINE.... Dec. 3
LA GASCOGNE* Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE......; Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE ....:. Dec. 24
First-class to Havre $90 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue, • San Francisco. ■
PHI" II Miff sails vla - Honoiulu and
dESIIIL sails via Honolulu and
l*f" B "" w Auckland for Sydney
■ 2r — >. Wednesday. November
©*f_,.L* \ 30. at 10 p. m..
r^tMHShlD d S " at s lO AUSTRALIA
G /*mr«Kii BaUs for Honolulu
{OmDufltr' Wednesday. December
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. • ■
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 527 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
i «'• ' Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat..
9:46 a. m,, 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ; :....l p. m. and S:3O p. m.
Sundays ........... 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 4.
-■■- * Telephone Main 1508.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
Daily at 10 a. m. From San Jose dally at J:3O
p. m. Steamer Alvlso, Clay-street wharf. Far»
to San Job«. 36c; round trip, 60c. Del)«htlul
bay . excursions. ; Telephone Mala 1350.BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE
THE HARD LUCK MINE
BY MARY LEE SMITH
SACRAMENTO.
T}\\-1 mus spread rapidly about
the mining camp. Jim Bradshaw
had gone down the shaft of tlv
Hard Luck mine. Some one said
that Jim had been drinking. He
was h ard to shout soon after he
reached the bottom of the shaft. Then
?ame a rumbling sound, and. a tew sec
onds later, dust arose from the mouth
at the shaft. There had been a cave-In.
As Bradshaw did not signal to his part
■ 'id Silas, to pull him up. the fact
was plain that there was trouble in
the mine.
Bradshaw was not popular. In fact,
he had earned fairly the ill-will of
every one In the camp by churlishness
and bad temper. Nevertheless, there
was no lack of volunteers to go down
to his rescue. Rut when a rope was
fastened around Bill Akers and the
"boys" began to lower him. a strange,
suffocating smell came up the shaft.
Thf cave-in had set free dangerous
gns. s. Bill Akers had not traveled more
than half his downward journey when
he signaled to be pulled up. Immedi
ately upon reaching the top of the
ng man that he was, he fell
forward in a heap, fainting.
Then the miners, one anc all. thought
that Bradshaw must already b<
and, after three other men had tried
ach the bottom of the shaft and
had failed, they concluded that it would
- ble to reach the place where
-haw lay for several hours, at
Then it was that Lucy Gray, "Little
;,s Bhe was called by all the
camp, for she was a mite of a girl, al
■ veil years old, suddenly rec
ed that when Bhe had been down
in the Bully Boy shaft, a few days be
fore, she had heard Bradshaw. or some
one, at work very near and had told her
father so. Sly insisted upon having a
party go down the Bully Boy shaft
with her, to try to break through into
the Hard Luck mine.
•Three cheers for Lucy." shouted the
miners, and they were on their way di
rectly.
Armed with picks they dug. acting
■ Lucy's direction, and Boon were
rewarded- by making a small opening
into the adjoining rulne. ThrHuerh this
a rush of air, but it was not
suffocating. The cave-in had mad.- a
wall that shut the gas out from that
part of the mm». Lucy w uld not wait
one moment for the aperture, which
was Burrounded by flinty rock, to be
enlarged. Placing a miner's lamp upon
her hat. she plunged boldly through
: 1 soon her feet struck some
thing Foft. It took but a second for
her to see that she had found Brad
shaw. But was he doad or alive?
i-oice rang shrilly in that under
ground place. Her lamp cast strange
shadow? in the shaft. Behind her she
could hear the sound of picks, where
the miners were toilirT with all their
might to enlarge the aperture in the
wall to let them get through.
She placed her hand upon Bradshaw's
wrist and fancied that his pulse was
beating, but very faintly. ;iis face was
: .red by blood. A stone, had
struck him on his head when the cave
in took plae^:, and he had been wound
ed. 1
"Hurry, oh hurry." shouted Lucy;
"come quickly or it ->\ ill he too late."
Answering shouts of er ouragement
greeted her; but how long: it seemed!
She made her way back to the aperture
and took a flask of liquor from Harry
Long, and with this ran to Bradshaw.
She poured some of the liquor down his
throat, and no member of the Red
Cross could have acted more promptly
or more bravely than she. Directly
Bradshuw sighed faintly. At that in
stant Lucy's lamp went out. She start
ed to retrace her steps for another
lamp, ""struck her head violently against
a projecting stone" and fell backward
insensible.
When the miners reached Bradshaw
and did not see Lucy, they were greatly
excited. A few paces distant Lucy was
lying. Her father was first to reach
her. She was alive, and, soon after she
reached the fresh air, she was all right.
Bradshaw was taken out with some
difficulty. He recovered after a little.
The next day was Thanksgiving. All
the miners gathered at Harry Long's
cabin to eat turkey and to celebrate.
Lucy was the guest of honor and many
kind words were spoken to her. In the
middle of the dinner time Bradshaw,
who had been invited to the dinner,
stood up and said:
"I'm not much at celerbratin' or at
givin' presents; )>ut I want to say,
right here and right now. that 'Little
Lucy' Is th«; bravest girl in all Cali
forny and she saved my life."
"Rlghi you are. Hurrah for Brad-
Fhaw." shouted Hairy Long, good na
turedly.
"Thanks." Baid Bradshaw, "and I
■ have
been alive if the rest of you had not
come to me as you did: and it was
powerful kind of you and 1 won't for
get it nuther."
There was something in Bradshaw a
eyes like tears-, as he said this. Evi
dently h.' was touched by the kindness
of the miners. They were as surprised
■ him in a melting mood as they
would have been to see the pine trees
outside of the cabin Indulge In a jig.
"And now, went on Bradshaw, "I
want to say, Lucy and boys, that I
have struck it rich, on the quiet, and
I am going to do the proper and make
Lucy rich."
"Struck it rich!" shouted the miners,
"\\ he re?"
"In the Hard Luck. Send a com
mitte.' if you don't believe it and I'll
g.-> along with them and make a ohow
in\"
Harry Long and little Lucy's father
were made the committee. As so >n as
tli" Thanksgiving dinner was over thv?y
started upon a trip to the Hird Luck
by way of the Bully Boy. When they
returned to the camp, their eyes- were
large with wonder.
Nothing ever seen like it," reported
Harry Long. "It is a regular bonanza."
"VfT3 well." said Bradshaw, "little
Lucy and me are pardners from no-i
on. Half of every dollar taken out of
ttie mine shall he hern, and I ask you
all to be the witnesses to this agree
ment."
That was a happy Thanksgiving for
little Lucy. She was hanny that she
had suved Bradshaw's life; happy that
now her papa would be able to live com
fortably and that she coul have some
money to send /to her cousins in the
East and to help poor old Mr Wood
man, who wished to go to his people
in New York, but had no way to get
there.
Rhe soon realized all her wishes and
much :7iore, but never lost the kind and
lcving ways that made her the pet of
the whole camp. The Hard Luck mine
was sold nf;er a while for oi.e million
rs and one-half was given to "L!t
tle Lucy."
cookijvc or
THE TURKEY
BY HELEN P. SHAW.
SONOMA, CAL.
MY sakes, but I'm getting warm."
roared the stove complainingly.
"Wait a minute," said the clock,
"and perhaps the draught will
cool you off a bit." "Oh. you
run down, I'll speak for myself!" cried
tin- draught angrily.
"Don't be so airy now, or I'll strike,"
replied the clock.
Bah, now; do stop your nonsense."
cri<-d th' j lifter. "I wonder that "
But just then the stove cover inter
rupted him and asked for a lift. "Oh.
you lift yourself," ans%vered the lifter
impatiently, and turning to the draught
continued, "I wonder that a person of
your position should waste so much
wind over a shame-faced clock like
that." _
"Shamefaced, indeed," replied the
clock alarmingly. "Am I not the one
the mistress consults on all important
matters?"
"That may be," said the lifter, "but
my business Is more elevating than
yours."
Here the tea kettle began tn sing
very loudly in order to drown the noise
and the stove pipe settled down for a
good smoke. But their peace was soon
disturbed by the fire calling lustily to
the wood box for a stick of wood. No
sooner had the fire been quieted than
the brush and the dust pan got to quar
reling as to which was the more use
ful, and when they came together the
dust flew so that the oven door com
plained that it was hard for her to
turn round, her joints were so stiff.
But the draught was delighted with
ihe dust, and rushed along, carrying
the dust with it. In fact, it blew bo
hard that the tongs had the rheuma
tism in his joints and refused to work.
The tin pan and the frying pan on
the shelve above the stove now beean
to clash, and their clamor could be
heard above the noise of the tea ket
tle, who in vain tried to drown it.
"I am more useful than you are,"
exclaimed the frying pan.
"No, you're not." replied the tjn pan.
"The mistress fries ail sorts of good
things in me," cried the frying pan.
"I'.ut I can be used to put anything
in and used to cook with, too," retorted
the tin pan.
At last they called upon the stove to
decide which of them was the more
useful, and the stove told them that
n'ith'-r of them was useful so long as
it was empty. The fire again called to
Mr. Wood Box.
"What do you want?" he snarled.
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
EDITED BY DAVID H. WALKER
"A stick of wood, of course," she re
plied.
•Now loolf here," he cried, "I believe
in fair, square dealing, and I'd like to
know what you've done with that stick
T gave you a minute ago. On you
throw any light on the subject?"
"It wasn't my fault: it was Mr.
Draught's fault; it all went up in
smoke."
"Ah, I see," remarked the clock; "you
thnw too much light on the subject."
"Keep quiet." cried the broom; "you
talk as though you had a screw loose."
"Don't you worry," replied the clock;
"my brains are r.ll right, but yours are
only a bundle of straws."
"Look outyor I'll sweep you off the
face of the earth!" exclaimed the
broom.
The clock was so infuriated by
this that she struck at the broom three
times, and the mistress hearing her,
hurried Into the room and put an end
to the fuss.
'"Why, Freddie!" exclaimed the
mother of a precocious 5-year-old,
"aren't you ashamed to call auntie
stupid. Go to her at once and tell her
you are very sorry." "Auntie," said
A THANKSGIVING IDYL
the little fellow a few moments later,
■'I'm awful sorry you are so stupid."
The teacher asked what a demagogue
is, and he replied: "A demagogue is a
vessel that holds whisky, wine, beer or
any other kind of intoxicating liquor."
THE BEAR AND
THE F*ET LAMB
BY HARVEY E. TELLER.
ONE morning I took my gun and
started out to hunt. I had gone
about three miles when I heard
a noise in the brush. I loaded
my gun and ventured near the
spot where I heard the noise. When I
arrived at the sp<it a big black bear
had a poor little lamb, clawing it to
death. I fired two shots and the bear
fell over dead. I picked up the lamb,
which was nearly dead.
When I had found my way to the
road I took hold of the lamb by a rope
which I tied around its neck and led it
home. I took it into the house und
gave it some milk to drink and put
some straw down for it to lay on. I
took good care of my lamb for a long
time, till it was all well.
Whenever I went hunting again the
lamb always went, too. It followed me
like a little dog and was not afraid of
mj miii. The lamb and I grew to be
great friends, but one morning, when
I got up to feed my lamb, he was gone.
I looked all over the woods for him,
but could not find him. I thought the
person the lamb belonged to must have
found him and have taken him home.
I felt very badly over the loss of my
dear friend and have thought of him
many times.
Willie, aged 5, was told of an arrival
in his uncle's family, and earnestly in
quired if it was any relation to him.
"Why, certainly," replied his mother,
"he is your first cousin." After think
ing it over for a few minutes the little
fellow said: "Well, perhaps you know,
but I should think he was my last
cousin." \ ;
. -«~ .
"Who made you?" she asked. "God,"
he replied .promptly. "And "\>bat else
did God make?" The youngster studied
a moment and looked around hopelessly
till he noticed his brother, then his
face brightened. "He made Bill, too, I
guess," he answered, triumphantly.
And William said: "You bet." 'r ,
HAFTY LITE
O/V THE FARM
BY LORRAINE FITCH.
ONCE upon a time there were two
little girls one of the little girls
was named Dorothy and tHe other
was Janet they lived on a great
big Farm they had a dog and cat
the Dog's name was Shep and the cat's
name was Stub and the reason that the
cats name was Stub because it had a
stub tail Janet was very fond of the
Dog and one day the Dog died and
Dorothy felt very sorry about it but tht;
cat lived to be 8 years old.
Freddy— Why don't he speak, ma?
Mama— He's too young, my son.
Freddy— Ain't he got any speaking tube?
KNOWLEDGE
AT COLLEGE
(FROM ST. NICHOLAS.)
There came a young freshman to college.
When ho heard that he had to get knowl
. edge : : ~.i~i ■■■.-■-'
He said, "Goodness me!
Why. how can this be? • __
What a queer thing to do at college !"~-^
TRUE STORY
OF INDIANS
BY AUNT HELEN.
THE summer of '68 opened with
bright prospects for the adven
turous spirits who had pene
trated to the heart of the Owy
hee Mountains in search of sud
den fortune. The wonderful
Poorman Mine had not yet demon
strated that its '•Pockets" were not
bottomless, and the Golden Chariot,
Ida Elmore and great Oro Fino prom
ised untold wealth to their fortunate
owners. Quartz mills, from the far
East and West, were brought over the
almost impassable mountain roads, and
in an incredibly short time were add
ing the ceaseless din of hundreds of
"stamps" to the reverberations of
many blasts — and the shouts of team
stera urging on their ten-mule teams,
hauling immense wagons loaded with
ore.
Silver City was booming. Miners and
business .nen. gamblers and adven
turers, and all the motley crew that
seem tc rise out of the earth wherever
there is a "strike"— were there. Saloons
and all their attendant surroundings
were in full blast,- and as always a few
families, wives who saw that duty
pointed to any goal the husband
sought, and innocent children, who
were as happy and as well-cared for in
that wild mining camp as in the most
staid of Eastern homes. But, amid all
the rush and hopeful bustle, a fearful
dread cast its shadow over prospector,
rancher and family alike— the Owyhee
Indians were on the warpath!
Lone prospectors, isolated cabins and
lonely ranches had been visited by the
merciless foe — and now at last the
ChiciJ stage line, recently established,
had been attacked, the driver and two
passengers killed, the horses stolen and
stations burned. Something must be
done!
Promptly a band of fifty hardy
mountaineers, well armed, mounted
and provisioned, and commanded by an
experienced Indian fighter, started out,
determined to find and punish the sav
ages. Fur two days they rode over
Bage-brush, plain and mountain-trail,
seeing no sign of the enemy, but know
ing they were not far off. They had
Just found their camping ground for
the night — a rocky, treeless plain, but
with the one indispensable feature o^.
a camp — a spring — around which they
gathered and were unsaddling their
weary horses, when some one, with an
exclamation more forcible than polite,
cried "Look!" They did look, to find
that the valley as far as they could
see seemed alive with Indians, surely
drawing near to surround them, but
cautiously, for they had a wholesome
awe of the repeating rifle, which most
of the white men carried.
It doesn't take frontiersmen lons to
think and to act under such circum
stances, and immediately detachments
were at work, under cover of their com
rades' guns, throwing up breastworks
and digging rifle-pits around the spring.
Then a weary siege began. For five
days the beleaguered camp was har
assed by the wily foe, who took few
chances themselves, knowing that if
they were patient, either provisions or
ammunition would be exhausted, and
the white men be an easy prey.
i 'apt. Jenkins had been wounded and
two of the men killed. They had been
laid in their shallow graves, which had
been dug within the fort. Again dark
ne.ss had settled around the brave but
discouraged little band. In the distance
they could see the camp fires of the In
dians, and they seemed to realize how
hopelessly they were outnumbered. The
far-off stars seemed to be looking
down upon them with a calm and piti
less gaze. Silence fell upon all. Who
HE`S NOT A BABY
ANY MORE
T TREASURE a lock of golden hair,
Cut from my darling's curly head.
I Ah, the sad tale the tress unfolds!
X I sit and weep as for one dead.
He lives, but parted are our lives.
My eyes are dim, my heart is sore.
Time, the thief, has stolen him —
He's not a baby any more.
I gently kiss the silken threads
And fondle with a nameless dread;
My thoughts drift backward to the days
Of happiness — ere joy had fled.
In some fair time perchance we'll meet;
Forget the past and laugh it o'er.
But. oh, 'twill never be the same —
He's not a baby any more!
can tell what thoughts of home and
loved ones, and memories of boyhood
a/id youth, filled the minds of those
übugh men? Quietly one of the num
ber spoke:
"See here, boys, this thing can't last;
we must get out of here!"
"Yes, but how? There are at least
four hundred of those rod rascals; their
sentries are all around us; It would be
utterly impossible for any man to get
through their lines alive; and if the im
possible could be accomplished, no mes
senger could get to Flint, thirty miles
away, and send help in time to save
us."
"I know. It seems so,' said Jack Hill,
the first speaker; "but it's a horrible
death some way. If we do nothing,
and only meet death. I am willing to
take the desperate chances — I'll go to-
night."
So with many suggestions and much
discussion, it was decided that Jack
should try. Gunny-sacks filled with
dirt were tied upon his hands and
knees, so that no noise and no track
should betray him. A revolver and can
teen of water and a little food were
disposed about his person. A few whis
pered words were spoken to his "Chum"
what to write to "her" if Jack was never
heard of more, arid the "Chum" lived
to tell the tale. A few hand-clasps
were given, and although no reverent
word was spoken, who dares say that
many a thought commending him to
the care of the only one who could pro
tect him was not in the hearts of those
uncouth but true hearted men when
they bid their comrade good-by?
In the darkness that precedes the
dawn. Jack left the fortifications, and
began his perilous way through the
hostile camp. Crawling on his dirt-cov
ered hands and knees, he made but slow
progress. He scarcely dared to breathe,
expecting every moment to be his last.
Once he stepped on a stick that cracked
under his weight. He thought his hour
had come. But no stir following, he
plucked up courage and at last reached
some rocks out of sight of the Indian?,
and scarcely daring to believe his good
fortune, he threw off the dirt sacks and
started on a run for Flint.
It was a weary day. Often he lost
his way, having only a small compass
as a guide over the trackless plain and
through the equally bewildering moun
tains. It was long after nightfall when,
with bleeding feet and exhausted
strength he reached Flint, and told the
R. W. RIGGS.
tale of his friends' dire need.
A few minutes sufficed for a spurred
and mounted messenger to be on his
way to Silver. The ten miles were
quickly traversed, and by midnight tha
alarm was given.
Ah. the horror of that ni~ht. Men rid
ing at full speed through one street
Bhouting, "Indian?, Indians!" The
n whistles of eight quartz mills
gave one prolonged whistle; bella rins
ing-, drums beating, and women run
ning shrieking from their homes with
their babies in their arms, thinking the
Indians were at their doors. Hut after
the whole town and vicinity were
aroused, quiet was restored, and volun
teers for the rescue party were organ
ized, and by 10 a. m. two hundred and
fifty men ;ill armed anoWnost of them
mounted, left the* town, expecting to get
th* *hen rested messenger at Flint for
a guide.
Imagine, if you can, the state of
things in Silver, where not more than
one hundred able-bodied men were left
— fit least one hundred women and chil
dren; not a fire-proof building in the
place and very few available firearms.
To add to the anxiety signal fires were
seen to go up on all the surrounding
mountain tops, and it \v^s known that
the Indians kn<-~ the unprotected state
of the town as well as the inhabitants
did. A guard was set about the town,
and it was decided that at the first
alarm all the women and children were
to go to the largest ouartz mill, which
could be defended for a time at least.
But they were spared that horror. For
two anxious days and nights the guard
patrolled the hills. On the morning of
the third day the rescuers and r. scued
returned without having had a chance
to fire a shot.
The Indians, warned by their signals,
knew that word had been sent some
how, and also knew almost exactly
when relief would come. So just two
hours before the party reached the
scene of the siege, the Indians quietly
withdrew, and were soon out of sight,
and none too soon, for worn out and al
most famished Captain Jenkins and his
men could not have held out much
longer.
When the retreating Indians reached
the stage road they saw in the distance
the lights of the approaching stage.
The redskins, four hundred strong, ar
ranged themselves along the road,
meaning that the stage would run the
gauntlet. The six horses came dashing
on, the driver all unconscious of the
warm reception awaiting him. There
were three drunken men inside the
stage, the driver and guard on the box.
The first warning they had of their
danger was a warwhoop and a volley
of bullets and arrows. The guard
dropped wounded into the boot. ATith
almost miraculous quickness of thought
the driver turned his horses and shoot
ing right and loft with his revolver de
voutly hoping some of the bullets would
reach the mark he dashed to the mili
tary post, a mile away, where he hai
just changed horses.
This is a true story.
WHAT ETHEL SAW.
ONE day, as Ethel was sitting at
the front window waiting for it
to stop raining, so she could go
out riding with her mother, she
saw a little carriage, drawn by
six ponies and driven by a little fairy.
He told Ethel to get in, which she did.
In a few moments she saw a little
house, from which strains of music and
the merry peals of laughter were com
ing They stopped in front of the
door, and the fairy jumped out and
told Ethel to follow, but she said: "I
cannot get through that door; I am too
large " The fairy handed her a bot
tle from which he told her to drink.
She took a drink, and felt herself grow
ing smaller and smaller, and at last
she was small enough to go through
the* door.
When she got in the room she saw
a merry sight, the fairies dancing, talk
ing and having a very fine time. The
fairy that had driven her there intro
duced her to the Queen Curly and King
Curly. M .
The queen Introduced her to many
other friends, and she had a very fine
The band was playing the last piece.
Ethel woke up and found it had stopped
raining, and her mother had gone out
riding" and left her.
THE BUMBLE BEE,
BY JAMES WHITCOMB RILEY.
"You better not fool with a Bumblebee!
EM you don't think they, can sting— you'll
They're lazy to look at, an' kindo' go -
Buuln' an' bummin\ aitnin 1 so slow.
An' ac* so slouchy an' all fagged out,
Danglin* their lags as they drone about
The holly hawks 'at they cant climb in
•Ithout 'Ist a tumble-un" out agin!
Wunst I watched one climb clean 'way
In a limson blossom, I did, one day —
An' I '■,-<; grabbed it— an' nen let go—
An' 'Oh-ooh! Honey. I told ye sol'
Says the Raggedy Man, an 1 don't laugh
\n' says: "They has b'en folks, I guess,
'At thought I wuz prejudst. more or less—
Yit I still muntaln at a Bumblebee .
Wears out his welcome too quick for me!"
3132
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Clmrch, Eddy street, near? Morning— Sermon by Rev. Dr. Buckbee.
Jones — Rev. E. A. Woods. Evening — Sermon by Rev. John Downie
I tcfore the Junior Order of American Me-
I chanics.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near 'Morning— Sermon and barytone solo by the
Twenty-third — Rev. J. G. Gibson. r-ector. Evening — Sermon and evensong.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near Morning — Special
Steiner — Rev. W. C. Jenkins. Evening— Same.
Thanksgiving
service.
St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between, Morning — High mass and sermon.
Page and Oak streets— Rev. William P. ! ing— Vespers and benediction.
Klrby.
Even-
St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and
■well streets— Father P. J. Cummins.
1
i
M/irnlng — High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
—Sermon and vespers.
St. Brendan's, Fremont
streets— Father Nugent.
and
Harrison
Morning— High mass and sermon.
Ing — \ espers.
Even-
St. Brigid's. Van Ness avenue and Broad- Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
way — Father Cottle. ; — Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Christ!, Alemany and j Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
Crok* streets — Salesian Fathers. ; Cassini. Evening — 4 o'clock, vespers, ser-
. mon and benediction.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and Shotwell,
streets— Father Cummings. .
'Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
. ing— Vespers and sermon.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Steiner streets— .Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
Rev. Plus Murphy. : ing— Rosary and procession in honor of
i the Virgin.
St. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue— Father Carraher.
! Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening — Vespers, sermon and
benediction.
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street j
—Rev. D. O. Sullivan.
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening — Vespers.
fit. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Morning — Sermon at high mass on the Gos-
pel of the day by Rev. George Burkhard.
Evening— "Sins of the Tongue," by the
Rev. Father Frieden, S. J.
St. James, Twenty-third and
Btreeta— Father P. R. Lynch.
Morning — High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening— Ves-
pers, benediction and a sermon.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near
Father P. Scanlan.
Morning — High mass and sermon on th«
Gospel of the day. Evening— Vespers.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and'
O'Farreil street— Rev. J. J. Prenderga&t,
V. G.
Morning — Sermon at the high mass by Rav.
J J. B. Hannigan. Evening— Sermon at
vespers by Rev. E. P. Dempsey.
St. Mary's Churchy California and Dupont
streets— Paullst Fathers.
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing — Vespers, sermon and benediction.
St. Patricks, Mission street, near Third-
Father Gray.
Morning — High mass and a sermon on the
Gospel. Evening — Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
St Paul's. Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
and
Church
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing— berroon and vespers.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert s and Dupont
Btreeta— Salesian Fathers.
Mftrnlng — Sermon In Italian by one of the
priests of the community. Evening — Ser-
mon and vespers.
St Peter's. Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth— Father P. S. Caaey.
Morning — Sermon on the Gospel. Evening —
Vespers, benediction and sermon.
St. Rose' 6, Brannan Btreet, near Fourth-
Father Nugent.
Corning— High mass and sermon.
— Vespers and benediction.
Evening
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue — Father Coyle.
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
St. Teresa's, Tennessee
Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
— Vespers,
mass and sermon. Evening
tedlction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street, near;
Stockton— Marist Fathers.
Morning — High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening —
Vespers and sermon.
First Christian. Mission and Twelfth streets
—Rev. F. S. Ford.
I Morning— "From You Hath Sounded Forth
■ the Word of the Lord." Evening — "The
! Bible Is the Word of God."
West Side Christian, Bush street, between.
Scott and Devisadero— Rev. W. A. Gard-
ner.
M,ornlng— "God's Better Things For Us."
Evening — "Bread From Heaven."
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
iit-ar Twenty-ftfth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
, "Morning— "God's Love Thwarted."
Ing — "Manasseh's Repentance."
Even-
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth— Rev. W. H. Tubb.
■Morning— "If Any Man Be a Worshiper of
j Ood Him He Heareth." Evening— "Marvel
; Not That I Said Unto Thee, Ye Must Be
I Born Again."
Richmond Congregational, Seventh av
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Morning— "Religion Xo Bondage." Evening
— "Power and Responsibility u! the Daily
Newspaper for Civic Regeneration."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth
Noe streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
and
Morning — "Thanksgivings." Evening— Be-
lief In Christ."
First Congregational, Post
streets — Rev. G. C. Adams.
and
Morning— "The Woman of Samaria." Even-
ing— "An Undeveloped Conscience."
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Morning— "The Priority of God."
— "The Young Slave in Egypt."
Evening
Plymouth Congregational Post street,
Webster — Rev. F. B. Cherington.
Morning — "Harvest Hume." Evening— '
"God's Law in Heart and Mind."
of the
. J. A.
Grace Episcopal, California and
streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
lornin? — Communion service at 11 o'clock
Evening— Festival service, followed by
sermon.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Morning- — Sermon and communion service <
Evening— Sermon and prayer service. " ,
St. Cornelius Chapel. Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Morning— Special service for the soldiers <
Evening— Sermon and instruction. <
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spalding.
Morning— Divine service and sermon at 11 <
Evening— Sermon by the pastor. «
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and Steiner
streets— Rev. H. ParriBh.
Morning — Mass anrl holy communion at 7 -30 <
o'clock; high mass and sermon at il. <
Evening— Evensong and sermon at 8. " <
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and Filbert
streets— Rev. M. D. Wilson.
Morning — 11 o'clock, sermon by Rev Charles <
Hitchcock of San Rafael. Evening— Even- <
song with sermon by the rector. <
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
Fillmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
Morning— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow- <
ed by litany service and sermon by the <
rector. Evening— Song service and ser- <
mon. J
Morning — Holy communion at 11 o'clock
Evening— Sermon and instruction.
rinity Episcopal, Bush
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church.
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
W. Flschsr.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor! Evening !
— "Exhortation to Young Converts. 11
<
Irst English Lutheran. Geary street,
Gough — Rev. E. Nelander.
Morning— by the rector. Evening— <
Sunn*.
California Street M. E. Church. California;
and Broderlck streets— Frederic C. Lee.
Moming-"ConcentraUon. Evening-' 'Have
x* SLltn In God.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth— Rev.
C. E. Locke.
Morning— 'How Man Discovered Ood "
Evening— "The American Absalom- or the
Fast Young Man and What Becomes of
Him.
First M. E. Church, Powell and
lngton streets— Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Wash-!
Morning — Sermon by the rector.
— Song service and sermon.
Evening
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church. Fifteenth
avenue south and P street— Rev. H.
Pearce.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock Even-
ing—Sermon, followed by religious In-
struction.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Same.
rector.
Evening-
Howard Street M. E. Church (Strangers'
Home), Howard street, near Third— Rev.
J. A. B. Wilson.
Morning— Dt vine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing — Sermon by the rector.
Potrero M. E. Church,
streets— fiev. D. W.
service at 11. Evening
itructlon at 8 o'clock by
— Sermon and
the pastor.
Richmond Methodist. Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. George Baugh.
Morning — Services at 11 o'clock; Sunday
school at 12:30. Evening— Divine service
at 7:30 o'clock.
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavia— Rev. C. R,
Riddle*.
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
Same.
Evening-
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-etxth streets — Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Morning — Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock
Evening— Sermon, followed by prayer ser-
vice.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, Hayes
and Buchanan streets — Rev. J. Stephens.
I Morning— Sermon by Rev. A. C. Bane the
; evangelist. Evening— Sermon by same.
Starr King A. M. E. Zlon Church. Stockton
street, near Clay— Rev. F. Brunn.
i Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening
"The Death and Resurrection of Christ."
Calvary Presbyterian. Oeary and Powell
streets— Rev. J. Hemphlll.
Evening— "What
Life?"
Purpose Have
You
in
First Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave-
nue and Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mac-
kenzie.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening
— "Joseph— A Character Study," by Rev-
Edwin H. Jenks.
First United Presbyterian, Golden
avenue and Polk street.
Morning — Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing — Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. Rey-i
nolds.
j Morning — Ssrmon by Professor Thomas F.
Day, D.D., of San Anselmo Seminary.
I Evening — Same.
Trinity Presbyterian, "Twenty-third
Capp streets — Rev. A. N. Carson.
and.
Morning — "Harvest
Voices and Lessons."
y pastor.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth street
and Railroad avenue— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
iMornlng — "The Second Beatitude."
I Ing— "The Seed Among Thorns."
Even-
MlBpah Presbyterian. Harrison street, near
Fifth— Rev. F. A. Doane.
, Morning — Divine service ' and sermon at 11
j o'clock. Evening— Sermon and instruction
I by the rector.
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church, Guerrero
street, near Twenty-third— W. E.
Pagan.
Morning — "Some New Phases of God's
Love." Evening— "Warming at the Devil's
Fire."
Westminster Presbyterian. Page and Web-
ster streets— Rev. 8. S. Cryor.
i Morning— "What Is the Ideal of the Nine-
. teenth Century?" Evening— "A Piercing
! Cry."
Bethtl African M. E. Church, Powell stree't,
near Jackson — Rev. W. B. Anderson.
Morning— "Key to Christian Character "
Evening— "The Ministry <»f Power."
First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets
—Rev. Dr. Stebbins.
Morning— Sunday school at 10:30 o'clock; di-
vine service at 11. Evening— There is no
evening service.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
and Capp
Morning— "The Saint of Peace." Evening—
j "Seeing God."
St. Alban's Kplscopal Mission, Golden
Oatr Hall, 625 Sutter street— Rev. Eras-
mus Van Deerlln.
— : •
j Morning— Service and Sermon at
I F.venlng — Sermon and Instruction.
11:15.
First Church of Christ. Scientist, 223
street— The Bible and Science and I
With Key to the Scriptures.
Morning— "Ancient and Modern Necroman- <t
cy; of Mesmerism and Hypnotism." Even- <s
ln«— "Manasseh'a Repentance and Refor- <s
mation." i
One Trial Was Suflicient.
Edmund M Soloman, .who was convict- j
«d of entering and looting J. Weber's |
tlgar store, 501 Montgomery avenue, and i
was subsequently granted a new trial
waived his right to a new trial yesterday
and pleaded guilty to a charge of burg
lary- He will be sentenced by Judge Bor
tf en next Saturday.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20. 189 S.
HALES.
-• , =^|fc^ store news: see our linen house, now open: Dr. Kindheart mends broken dolls free ; we keep open
ss r^jff^ff^.^^^^K a lady said, when buying some linen here
ss T^& : "^'h v, yesterday, that she noticed a "something"
ss . jr^^^r^^^^MKK^^j^^^l only for their variety, but in the extremely
i* C t&z* reasonable price asked for them: the more
f, f V* 83 *^ 'vfftWl^^^^^^^J^ she looked around the more certain she was
'5 J^ ""** ' / to buy in the end at Hale ' s " wnere her motn er
I ff^^ J? l^'^iryl bought before her, and where whole families
; ffl '^ ner J cloak * thanksgiving
i /^^lvu department: novelties: linen:
o, / I .'l ill TL • '. \ with the very near advent of Thanksgiving black kersey jacket, dart sleeves, turn-down (see also the Examiner for other items.)
25 / %i ;M •; 1 you w '" be wise to at once inspect the copies collar, strap seams, silk serge lined, *7 j-a hemstitched damask table sets, pure white,
cm m I °^ ar ' siar l hats now on view in our millinery box front, sizes 32 to 44 - ipl.Dw , a jozen napkins included — spe- tf»n i *|j-
88 It imjl I dCP f it a ' nt y toques> magnificent creations kersey jackets, fly front, cutaway, silk cially quoted for presents— set.. $0 10 $13
4 i\\ \s^^w ■■ \1 nuilk , Surmounted with huge plumes or rhadame lined throughout, velvet-laid collar. hemstitched sheets, large size, 81x90 cc
*• iV V \a\^P»fcfc^ i : ' nfffh" * m CaSt ° r V^' Vet : hatS on and Kersey strap seams down back, close fitting, ' inches, good quality muslin, 2-inch hem 33C
* J HI V I m.^^^^fc^^^ \^^. C ' c face, and all in the most artistic HartpH front roior<; naw ?nr) t?in <f><A An i -,„ , • ac or . i_
■'• 1\ • I '^NLAr y^tfffc-^ i? n> [.(„,;„ darted Tront colors navy c,na urn, Grill Art pillowcases— 7o dozen— size 45x36 inches,
,• \.\_ V ■fi^^ss^*^^»»». ladies' uncut worsted suit, double-breasted j these are for lovers of fine fa - ** in
•* «V \^i fc jK%h^^^sS^^^!biL- ' jacket, n<»w coat sleeves, entire jacket has linen — pair 3VL 10
•*• mV \' '; lapped tailor seams, double-stitched, rhadame 1000 yards unbleached crash, 16 inches j-
i* «k.' \.'^V • ! Ib^ la^^^^^^^^ tailored, in navy and black, sizes 34 Q|« r« ' . .  . flannels
;.* state we are known in the \/P \fi Tf^^^TT^^^wS^' i Stanford
i? dies as "the linen house": "^3L * P hoto frames stamped on %.»
:; send your mail orders in early to 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market street, San Francis^-, H . u ....^. a
88 82 *8 88 88 %%'.'.*. 88 '* ** '* % *» ** *» % *• '« '» *• *« '. *» *. '» *» % % 88 ** ?S % '« \ •. g2 12 •. 88 85 •. •. •. 85 »i g* 88 88 \ 88 % 88 % % \ g2g8888ig88882g2gSg8g8?i82g8g2S88882S888?388S888888§88g8?8 88«88g;88S8
NEWS OF THE MINES.
There is every prospect of a large at
tendance at the annual convention of the
California Miners' Association, which will
to-morrow begin a three days' session in
Native Sons' Hall in this city. Over 400
delegates have been reported as elected
from the fourteen affiliating county or
ganizations, and a large proportion of
thi'm will be on hand. Such a display
of interest will be gratifying in view of
the fact that the important matters to
come before the association are mainly
general and familiar and do not so strong
ly touch the local and self interests of the
miners, as was the case when the battle
in behalf of hydraulic mining began with
the organization of the association late in
1891. That was an issue which every
miner and business man in the counties
affected felt a keen interest in. The bat
tle has been, largely won and there re
mains in this Held but little more than
the securing of further appropriations
and the hastening of the work
planned in the way of restraining dams
and river dredging— if such a thing can be
conceived.
These and other matters have for a year
been in the hands of committees which,
as far as is known, will have but little
that is new and striking to report. The
mineral lands bill, which affects over 13,
000,000 acres of railroad land in this State,
still slumbers in a Congressional commit
tee pigeonhole with a bright prospect of
passage at the coming session. This con
vention can help it along probably. The
agitation for a Department of Mines and
Mining, which this association began, has
become general and an effort will be made
to pass a bill to that end at the coming ;
session of Congress, instead of Senator
Perkins* compromise measure, providing
for a mere bureau in the Interior Depart
ment. The entire Transmississippi region
is now actively in favor of the measur
and the California Association can agai
co-operate with its influence in its behal
The committee appointed on the matte
of California exhibits at Omaha and Pari
has not met for some time. It failed t
secure funds for an Omaha exhibit, an
if the industry in California is to re
ceive the enormous benefit of an adequat
and well managed mining exhibit at Pari
the Legislature must provide the funds
and the convention will doubtless so urge
The committee on mining legislation is
another of the committees to report.
The liveliest convention issue in sight j
appears to be that of the presidency. |
Lieutenant Governor-elect J. H. Neff an- j
nounces that he will positively retire' this
time in spite of the unanimous wish that
he. remain for a seventh term, and W. < '..
Ralston and Secretary Julian Sonntag
are lively rivals for the honor. Both
have long and' ably served the associa-
One of the new matters which is likely
to come before the convention is one
which has been but little considered by
the delegates generally, but which may
be of chief importance not only to the
convention but to the entire mining in
dustry of the State. It is proposed that
the secretary shall be made the chief
executive officer in jeffect, that an ade
quate salary be provided and that the
office be filled by a practical, energetic
mining man who will give it his entire
time. The scope of the association would
be greatly broadened, and It would' be
energized in a striking way. A permanent
headquarters would be opened ami made
a fountain of information for the Califor
nia prospector and miner and for the
Eastern and foreign investor, though in
no way advertising or dealing with par
ticular properties. Such a bureau would
advertise the California mining %ld at
home and abroad in every legitimate way
and in no field of human endeavor does
advertising count for more than in gold
mining.
There are a thousand ways in which
HALES.
such a force might benefit the industry.
Its functions would be somewhat similar
to that of the State Board of Trade. It
-would be practical rather'than scientific.
It would be an initial force which could
encourage prospecting, stimulate develop-
I ment of properties and lure this way a
larger proportion of the lesion of invest
ors the world over who are eagerly seek
i ing mining properties. Vv'hat su<h a prac
1 tical and fostering agency can do to stim
! ulate mining and smooth" the way of the
miners is illustrated by the provincial de
partments of mines of some of the British
! colonies, which even teach and stake
prospectors, assist smelters to start, pay
rewards for discoveries, send agents
abroad to set forth the attractions to
capital, etc.
All this is too paternal ■ for California;
but the field left is wide and long. There
Is a world-wide boom in copper mining,
and California has plenty of undeveloped
and unprospected copper deposits. The
fact Is left to the stray promoter and
seeker of copper mines to discover, 'ihe
practical conditions and possibilities of a
i long list of economic minerals in this
State are nowhere compiled except in a
scientific way, and scattered through old
! reports of the State Mineralogist. To take
another Illustration at haphazard, there la
i now a tardy but vigorous beginning in
I working river bars, benches and beds with
I dredgers. A little energetic and insistent
advertising of the possibilities that attend
thousands of acres of such low-lying au
riferous gravel in this State would soon
multiply the dredgers. The average miner
if he turns his attention that way must
chiefly rely for information on the builder
of some patent dredge. Detailed informa
tion about gold dredging is not gathered
' and made properly available by any
! agency in this State. Those in this great
State, who would use the cyanide process
must work out their own salvation. This
Illustrates some of the possibilities of the
idea which was recently first advanced by
the Mining and Scientific Press. The
State Mining Bureau does not enter this
practical field. It is pointed out that with
such a scope in view nearly every county
in the State would have a strong motive
to ioin and uphold the association. A
Kte mining exhibit in San Francisco Is
ther possible feature of the plan,
lething of this sort was planned a year
by the San Francisco Miners" Asso
ion. but abandonment followed,
ether now or in the future something
of this sort will undouMedly develop
from the California Miners' Association,
which needs new purposes in life.
The first section of the Register of
Mill's, to which the State Mining Bureau
is devoting most of its energy, will be
displayed in proof at the convention and
its publication will soon follow. This is
the one dealing with Nevada County, and
State Mineralogist A. S. Cooper has
hastened It for the occasion. Its nozon
or so of pages are wide and give in tabu-
I lated form a variety of information about
I 300 or so mining properties of all sorts in
that county, including about sixty mills.
A map 30 inches long by about 24 inches
wide will accompany the register and it
will show the topography, roads and
trails, developed rmWs with reference
numbers, water and electric power plants,
etc. It is in three colors. This first register
is issued through a special arrangement,
the State Printer being unable to handle
such work for lack of funds. Twenty other
county registers are complete in manu
script so far and will be published when
the Stato Printing Office can do the
work. Each one is revised by a deputy
appointed in each county and familiar
with the mining field. Charles Uren has
I revised the work for Nevada County
after compilation from existing informa
tion at the bureau. The value of the
work is rather lessened by the remark
able unwillingness of mine-owners to
give information about their properties.
In Tuolumne County but seven responded,
and hence the information given is large
ly that gathered from general report and
the judgment of the deputy. The registers
will be a very valuable convenience in the
j State.
Osm-iridlum may this year be added to
the list of the State's mineral products.
Not long ago Selbys received a request
for this alloy if it were obtainable, and
the placer miners of the State were asked.
HALES.
to seek it. Recently Selbys have received
several small consignments of a few
ounces each. Whether or not it will be
found in paying quantities remains to be
seen.
Osm-iridium is a natural alloy of the
rare metals, osmium and indium, and is
found along with platinum and some oth
er rarf metals in Trinity, I'lumas and
other northern counties of the State. It
Is recovered from sluice boxes in the same
manner as platinum, but it is rarely ob
served by placer minors, who do not dis
tinguish it from thi- black sand which it
much resembles. When separated and
refined the metals bring a high price, but
as it comes from the sluice boxes osm
iridium is worth about S3 ari ounce at
Selbys. Iridium is mainly used for the
diamond points in gold pens. Osmium is
until in making osmic acid and for pur
poses where a high resistance of heat is
wanted, it being Impossible to melt the
metal by a furnace fire.
The report of the California Debris
Commission on the matter of restraining
dams has met with still another delay.
A few weeks ago the engineers compos
ing the board expected that their report
localizing one or more dams and present
ing detailed plans and estimates would
be in Washington before Congress con
vened. Now has come the transfer of
Colonel Suter to another field and the
substitution of Colonel Samuel L,. Mans
field, who arrived from Boston a few
days ago. Colonel Mansfield will have to
Start In and familiarize himself with the
whole proposition before joining in the
HALL OF JUSTICE.
Supervisors Make Preparations to
. Furnish It.
The Committee on Public Buildings of
the Board of Supervisors met yesterday
and decided to push the arrangements for
furnishing the new Hall of Justice with
suitable furniture. To this end the archi
tects. Shea & Shea, were instructed to
prepare estimates of the quantity and
kind of furnishings wanted and the Clerk
of the board whs directed to prepare no
tices asking for bids. The Supervisors
have a fund of $40,000 available for the
furnishing of the building.
At the meeting of the Supervisors to
morrow it is expected that some surplus
money now on hand will be apportioned
among the various departments which are
clamoring for larger appropriations. The
board is not yet -certain what the total
surplus will be, inasmuch as the garbaee
contract is unsettled.. There is $--,o <>X)
available in the treasury which was 'in
tended for the new City and County Hos
pital and which will probably be divided
between the Health Department and the
Police Department.
DIDN'T KNOW ENOUGH.
Axel Carl Engdohl Cannot Be a Citi
zen Until He Finds Out Who
Is Governor.
Axel Carl Engdohl a native of Sweden
applied to United States District Judge
de Haven yesterday to be admitted to
citizenship. He told the Judge he was
familiar with the system of government
of the United States and that William
McKlnley is President. am
'What is the ehW>f officer of the State
of California called?" asked the court
"He is the Governor." replied Axel
"What is his name?"
"I don't know."
Judge de Haven denied the application
and Axel left the courtroom very much
chagrined.
He is a sailor and was not here when
the present Governor was elected He
had not ever, heard of Mr. Gage
Estates: in Probate.
Henrietta Hertz has applied for letters
of administration upon the estate of Louis
Hertz, who died February 9, 1884. The
estate of the decedent does not exceed
$10,000 in value. George W. Heard has
petitioned for letters of administration
upon the estate of his deceased wife
Annette E. Heard. The estate consists
of personal property, small holdings of
real estate in this State and an improved
lot in Sioux City, Idaho, valued at $10 000
HAKE'S.
OFFICERS WHO WILL
NOT BE EXAMINED
! PERSPECTIVE TROUBLE IN THE
NATIONAL GTJARD.
The Reorganization Is Not Progress
ing as Rapidly as It Was
Expected.
Next to the subject of the adjutant
generalship of the National Guard of Cali
fornia, that as to who will be the briga
dier generals of the three brigades under
the next administration is the one that
now is occupying the attention of all who
are interested in the possible changes.
It is stated that General "Warfield will
have at least two opponents for the posi
tion he now holds, and in which he would
like to continue, and that those who
would like the position are Colonel Mac
donald, late colonel of the First Infantry,
and Colonel J. G. Geisting. adjutant on the
staff of the Second Brigade.
The plan of reorganization, which at
first seemed to progress without a hitch,
has within the past few days received a
setback. Three of the commissioned of
ficers of Company X, First Infantry, who
were not mustered into the volunteer
army were asked a few nights since if .
they were ready to undergo the physi- 1
cal examination which is required under
the rules promulgated for the forming of
the companies that are to take the places
of those now at the frcnt. The reply
was that they were not and that not only
were they not ready, but they would not
go before the examining surgeon. They
gave as an excuse for the stand they
took that they are still officers of Com
pany K. that neither they nor the com
pany has been mustered out and that
holding their respective commissions they
are still members of the National Guard,
and further that having been elected, ac
cepted and commissioned they have served
a number of years in the Guard, and
having done so have performed their
part of their contract with the State, and
that the State cannot create any retro
active measure to compel them to take
an examinaion as to their present phy
sical condition. This seems to have run
into the ranks and a number of men
who are still members of companies, by
reason of not having been mustered in
the volunteer service, and who had sig
nified their Intention to go into the Guard
as new members, have changed their
minds and have taken the same grounds
that the officers of Company X nave
It is said that the matter has been laid
before several attorneys, who have ad
vised the men that being members of the
several companies of the Guard they do
not have to be sworn in again. It is
probable that this determination on the
part of officers and men will result in the
matter being brought into the courts with
a view to ascertain what the status or
the officers and men who were not mus
tered in the volunteer service is in the
National Guard. .
I^ast week a few men were examined
by the surgeons for Companies B. C. D.
G and L of the First Infantry. Arrange
ments have been made to examine on
Monday night at California Hall thoso
men who petitioner! to be mustered in as
Company I of the First Inrantry. During
the past week no petitions were received
from locations where the companies of
the Fifth Infantry are placed.
There is some talk of suggesting to the
board of location now that reorganization
is going on that it should provide for a
light battery for San Francisco and arm
it wkh HotYhkiss guns. It is probable
that the matter will be laid before the
board within a s'..ort time, but whether it
will be favorably ' considered is not
known.
Now that Adjutant General Barrett has
secured from the General Government the
amount of the State's war claim, the
money will be used In the procuring of
equipment for the new guard, while the
proper officers will secure all that Is re
quired in the line to put the guard in
first-class condition those who are still
in It express the hope that the men will
HALES.
Saturday nights until Xmas. *
m
enlarged I
art department : I
a large display of hand-worked and painted *°
articles for presents : anything made up to
order : 88
stamped cambric doylies : o«
5x5 6x6 BxB 10x10 12x12 16x16 8?
Ie .2c 3c *4c 6c 81/ic8 l /ic each S5
hemstitched linen doylies and tray cloths : *^
12x12, 25c to 50c each ; 16x16, 35c" to 75c ea ; fl
20x20, 50c to 85c each ; 24x24, 75c to $1.25 ea. fl
stamped scarfs and shams : 88
18x54, 25c to $1.25 each ; 18x72, $1 to $2 ea ; 85
32 Inches square, 25c to $1.75 pair. 82
SB
little savings 1
in every notion: 1
Milward'sand milliners' needles. package So
darning c0tt0n...... per ball 2c SS
darning wool ;..3c'card SS
binding ribbon ~. ........... ..J...9c piece g?
jet hair pins dozen 6c c;
ever-ready dress 5tay5....;........ dozen 9c c*
corduroy skirt binding 3^c to 7c peryard
mohair soutache braid, 24 yards in a piece.J9c l~
(large variety of ladies' hair combs, very c«
choice). ; "7^ : - ; 7~
88
a broadcloth I
for tailor suits : I
extra heavy, fine finish, in strictly all wool, *^
50-inch wide, in all the late shades *• « 88
of browns, greens, blues $1 yfl 85
(this entire week our dress goods novelties !£
will be shown with frequent changes in *°
interior display : look at them when in.) 85
; 85
88
a paradise 1
for toys : i
see also the large toy advertisement In the 88
Bulletin, and other items in the Examiner. 88
Kesner enameled full-jointed doll, bisque '&
head, curly sewed wig, moving eyes, shoes §•
and stockings — 5 sizes and prices : • gg
12 15 16K 19 20* inches £
85c $1 $1.25 $1.75 $2.00 85
China dishes for dolly, silver sets for re-
captions, blackboards, desks, bureaus, rock-
ing-horses, swing horses, 85
88
come and see oar big «
and busy basement %
h?i7flflr and thou ds of presents brought *s
vaiaai aim by Santa c/aus over the * a
Rockies. o»
not have served out to them the old
Springfield rifles which the General Gov
ernment would not accent when the vol
unteers were mustered In. They hope that
the authorities will secure more modern
rifles.
There is some talk of having the officers
of the different companies, when they are
all in working order, follow the plan of
the United States army, by requiring
them to make progressive maps of the
several counties In which they are lo
cate., so that at headquarters there may
be full and reliable information of all
places in each county, distances from one
to the other, the various roads by which
they may be reached, their character and
much more information that would be of
special value in case of neeu.
Major C. F. V. Petersdorff— commissary
of the Thirl Brigade, has #een granted
a further leave of absence for six months
from the Sth inst.
Captain L. H. Turner, commanding the
naval militia, has applied for sixty days'
leave of absence, and is now on his way
to Honolulu.
Fred B. Barnum, ensign of Fifth Di
vision of the Naval Militia, having re
moved from the limits of his division, it
has been deemed at headquarters that he
has resigned, consequently there is a va
cancy in that division.
Lieutenant C. C. Dennis has been re
elected to his position in the Naval Mili
tla.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stone, High
Adjustable Morris easy
chair, the embodiment of
comfort/ Solid oak, large
wide arms . $4.50
Everything about the store looks
Christmassy; holiday buyers are mak-
ing their selections now. We store
purchases and deliver at proper time.
Combination book case and writing
desk, in solid oak; shield shape bevel
mirror; wide feaf for writing $7.50
Cane seat rocker, wide seat and
broad arms; a bit of carving $1.25
Mahogany finish parlor table, with
fancy top and shelf, curved legs, top
24x24 $2
CARPET DEPARTMENT
A cleaning out of remnants — all our
short pieces of velvet, moquette, ax-
minster and brussels carpets. from one
to five yards, in value up to $1.50 a
yard. A rare chance for rugs, bath-
room or small hall carpets. While
they last „ 25c a yard
Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
233 to 237 Post St.. S. F.
Open evenings Near Stockton