VOLUME LXXXIII.-^uT tm.
A FLOATING TORPEDO
DESTROYED THE MAINE
SEEN BY
A SAILOR
ON BOARD
Came From the Shore
and Struck the
Warship.
Then Was Perpetrated the Atro=
cious Crime for Which Spain
Will Be Held by America
to a Strict Accounting.
Copyrighted 189S by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Feb. 18 (3 a. m.)— Gradually
the details connected with the disaster to
the Maine are coming out, and as the facts
become known they point more positively to
the deliberate destruction of the vessel and
the murder of her crew.
I learn to-night on undoubted authority
that one of the maimed sailors who was
taken to the Marine Hospital last night, out of
£rat?tucie for the kind treatment and careful
nursing received from the surgeon and at
tendants, has broken the seal of silence en
joined by his superior officers before leaving
Havana.
He makes a statement, the truth of which
can hardly be doubted, which stamps the
perpetrator of the diabolical tragedy en
acted Tuesday night in the harbor of Havana
as one of the blackest in the history of
humanity.
The sailor, whose name for obvious rea
sons is withheld for the present, says he
was on watch on the forward deck shortly
before the explosion occurred.
While looking over the Maine's bow into
the dark waters of the bay he saw a black
object slowly coming toward the vessel.
The object, whatever it was, was appar
ently illuminated and emitted smoke.
He suspected something wrong and
started to communicate the fact to the offi
cer of the deck, and had barely commenced to
tell what he had seen when the explosion
took place. The Maine was raised in the air
and he was thrown to the deck, stunned and
bleeding.
He also says that simultaneously with,
the raising of the Maine he saw the steam
The San Francisco Call
A VIEW OF THE CITY OF HAVANA.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
The New York and the dishing Are Shown on Their Way to Havana, While the Rest of the Fleet Are at Anchor With Steam Up
Between Dry Tortugas and Key West.
launch which was moored alongside thrown
out of the water.
This occurred before the second explo
sion in the Maine's magazine was felt which
sent her to the bottom.
JACKSONVILLE Fla., Feb. 17.—
A special to the Times-Union and
Citizen from Key West says: The
general opinion of many persons
here is that the Maine was hit by
a torpedo, after which the maga
zine exploded. In an interview
Thomas Melville of Brooklyn,
who was not Injured, and was on
watch on the quarterdeck, said that
he felt two distinct shocks. The
first was not as severe as the second,
which blew up the ship. Other sur
vivors are of the same opinion that
it was foul work.
Martin Riordan, a submarine diver
of Key West and a survivor of the
Maine, has been telegraphed for from
THE AMERICAN FLEET IN FLORIDA WATERS.
Havana by Consul-General Lee and
Captain Sigsbee, and will go over im
mediately to dive under the Maine
and discover the cause of the disaster.
The flagsnip New York is now an
i chored off the bay awaiting instruc
! tions from Washington.
The officers from the Maine who
are here have received instructions
to remain where they are and to
await orders. Many were paid to
day and provided themselves with
clothing.
Patrick J. Foley, in the hospital
here, who was thought to be fatally
hurt, has revived, and late to-night
Dr. Guiteras, who is in charge, says
he will be up in a week or so.
The coast survey steamer A. D.
Bache arrived this afternoon from
the Tortugas in command of Lieuten
ant-Commander Barnet. Early to
morrow morning she will leave for
the cruiser New York, taking divers
and such wrecking gear as is obtain
able.
MR. ROOSEVELT WAS
SOMEWHAT INDISCREET.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— Assistant
Secretary Roosevelt has caused the
Navy Department some embarrassment
by his candor. Yesterday he expressed
himself very freely in regard to the
disaster, and made no effort tv conceal
his impression that the explosion was
not accidental.
Several Cabinet officers were discuss
ing Secretary Roosevelt's public ex
pressions this morning and were criti
cizing him. The Assistant Secretary
himself declared that he had been mis
quoted. It is certain that he had a
reckoning with Secretary Long, and
was reticent to-day as a result.
The officers of the Construction Corps
are wincing under the seal of secrecy
imposed on them by the Secretary.
They insist that the Government
should not make its own officials the
scapegoats of the affair by placing the
responsibility of carelessness at their
doors even before an examination has
been made.
The following orders were sent to the
commanding officers of military depart
ments by Adjutant General Breck of
the army:
"As appropriate honors to the de
ceased in the recent disaster to the
battleship Maine, the President directs
that flags at all army headquarters,
military posts and on army buildings
be displayed from sunrise to sunset at
half staff" until further orders."
PROBABLY DONE BY
A HARVEY TORPEDO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 17.— Emil Gathman.
the inventor, believes the Maine was
destroyed by a Harvey torpedo. He is
conversant with Havana harbor, and
from a personal examination is famil
iar with the equipment of the Maine.
In an interview to-day he said that
with the vessel pointing against the
tide, with the night dark and the Maine
not protected by netting, a man could
row a skiff across the bow of the Mainft
at a distance of from 500 to 1000 feet,
towing a Harvey or floating torpedo.
Allowing the tide to drift the torpedo
against the forward end of the Maine
he could explode it by means of electric
wires attached to the fulminating cap.
Mr. Gathman served two years as a
naval apprentice aboard the training
ship Portsmouth when Captain Sigsbee
was her commainding officer. Three
years ago he was a member of the en
gineering corps which conducted the
•econd trial trip of the Maine.
CAPTAIN SIGSBEE
WARNED OF DANGER
BY SOME SPANIARD
A Circular, With a Threat Added,
Which Was Put Into His
Hand in a Crowd.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: Captain C.
D. Sigsbee, commanding the sec
ond-class battle-ship Maine, was
warned of an impending disaster to
his vessel two weeks before the
catastrophe occurred.
Whether by a singular coincidence, if the
disaster to the vessel should finally turn
out to hare been the result of an accident,
or because of the pity and mercy of one in
the counsel of those responsible for the
vessel's loss, should it have been due to
design, Captain Sigsbee was informed on
Sunday, January 30, that it would be wise
for him to "look out for his ship."
Mrs. Sigsbee. the wife of the Maine's ;
commander, received a letter from her
husband some days ago. in which was in- j
closed a circular, in Spanish, anathematizing
the Americans and the American navy.
On the left edge of the circular, which was
printed on cheap paper, was the rude form j
of a hand, with an index pointing to two
words which were underscored, and which
in English mean "rotten squadron."
At the bottom of the circular were these !
words, in English, written with pen, the
handwriting being fair :
"Look Out for Your Ship."
This is the English translation of the
circular :
"Spaniards — Long live Spain with honor.
"What are ye doing that ye allow your
selves to be insulted in this way 9
"Do ye not see what they hare done to
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
us in withdrawing our brave and beloved
Weyler, who at this very time would have
finished with this unworthy, rebellious rabble
who are tramping on our flag and our
honor ?
"Autonomy is imposed on us to cast us
aside and give posts of honor and authority
to those who initiated this rebel/ion — thest
ill-born autonomists, ungrateful sons of our
beloved country.
■And finally those Yankee dogs, who med
dle in our affairs, humiliating us to the last
degree, and for a still greater taunt order
to us one of their ships of war of their
rotten squadron, after insulting us in their
newspapers, to our home.
"Spaniards, the moment of action has
arrived. Sleep not. Let us show these
vile traitors that we have not yet lost
shame, and that we know how to protest
with energy befitting a nation worthy and
strong as our Spain is and always will be.
"Death to Americans! Death to au
tonomy! Long live Spain! Long live
Weyler!"
Mrs. Sigsbee told me to-day that she had
inadvertently torn the circular and had
lost the piece which contained the warning
written in English.
"There is the pen stroke," she said,
pointing to a dash of ink at the bottom of
the circular.
"I have searched for the missing portion,
but have up to this time failed to find it."
Mrs. Sigsbee further told me that her
husband had made no mention of the cir-
Continued on Second ?%f. , ..*2
WRATH OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
THE SPANIARDS
HAVE SLANDERED
CAPTAIN SIGSBEE
Correspondents Who Have Cast
Aspersions Also Upon the
Character of Consul Gen=
eral Fitzhugh Lee.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— A special to
.he Herald from Key West says: With
fifty-nine men of the officers and crew
of the 111-fated battle-ship Maine the
steamship Olivette arrived here from
Havana at half-past 10 o'clock last
night. The delay of two hours and a
half in the steamer's arrival was occa
sioned- by the necessarily slow progress
attending the transfer in Havana Har
bor of the sick and wounded from the
places where they had been taken af
ter being rescued from the wreck. The
transfers were made in small boats
and consumed the entire morning.
As many of the men were perfectly
helpless on account of their maimed
condition the greatest care had to be
exercised in their removal. An im
mense crowd assembled on the wharf
to greet the arrival of the Olivette
here. The Collector of Customs had in
structed his subordinates to render
every assistance to the army and navy
authorities and facilitate the landing
of the unfortunate seamen. Nineteen
men with heads, arms and hands tied
up in bandages came ashore, but the
most distressing sight and one which
touched the hearts of every one present
was at one of the after port holes,
where eight unfortunates, burned, blis
tered and scalded" were lifted out.
Commander Wir.n. Paymaster Jewett
and other naval attaches assigned to
assist him, together with Captain Mer
rill, commandant of the garrison, with
Lieutenant Stevens and other army
officers were present to receive them.
A company from the barracks, detailed
to act as escort, was also on the dock.
Eight Mistered, wounded and half
dead sailors were brought out from the
hold of the steamer, placed on stretch
ers, and carefully taken to the United
States Marine Plospital and turned over
to the tender care of Surgeon Guiterrez.
Others were conveyed in cars provided
by the authorities of the United States
Barracks, where tents had been pro
THESE ARE THE MAINE'S DEAD.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.-The following is a complete list of those lost with the Maine:
KILLED.
LIEUTENANT G. F. HOLMAN, Cali
fornia.
LIEUTENANT F. W. JENKINS, Alle
gheny City, Pa.
ENGINEER CADET POPE, Washing
ton, D. C.
NAVAL CADET AMMEN BRONSON,
Nebraska,
ASSISTANT ENGINEER D. R. MER
RITT. Red Oak. la.
SEAMEN.
JOHN T. ADAMS, Maryland.
JAS. P. AIKEN. Edinburgh. Scotland.
H. A. ANDERSON, Christiania.Norway.
GUSTAV A. ANDERSON. Sweden.
FRANK ANDREWS, Chemung. N. Y.
ABRAHAM ANDERSON, Norway.
BERN. AUGLAND. Osterweli. Sweden.
PI. W. AUCHENBACH, Sheridan. Pa.
FIRSTANON WAWO, Japan.
LEWIS L. BARRY, Halifax. N. S.
JOHN P. BARRY, Kerry, Ireland.
HENRY S. BAUM, Cincinnati, Ohio.
JACOB BECKER, Hessen Germany.
JOHN E. BELL, Alexandria, Va.
FRED BLOMBERG. Chicago.
JOHN BOOKBINDER, Brooklyn. N. V
FRITZ BELL, Brandenberg, Germany.
DANIEL J. BOYLE, Philadelphia, Pa,
LEON BONNER, Malta.
HENRY BRINKMAN, Oldenberg.
ARTHUR BROFELDT, Finland.
ADOLPH C. BURNS, Baltimore, Md.
EDWARD BURNS. Boston.
ROBERT BURKHARDT. Germany.
FRED'K F. BUTLER, Harrison, N. J.
THOMAS CAIN, Portsmouth, Va.
WALTER CAMERON, Providence.
HERBERT M. CARR. Philadelphia.
SUKO CHANGKI, Japan.
THOMAS CLERK. Cleveland, Ohio.
MICHAEL COCHRAN, Cork, Ireland.
THOMAS M. COLE. Philadelphia.
WILLIAM COLEMAN. New York.
WILLIAM COLEMAN, Petersburg, Va.
ANTHONY CONROY. Galway. Ireland.
WILLIAM COSGROVE, Buffalo. N. Y.
CHARLES CURRAN, Ireland.
BERGER DAHLMAN, Sweden.
CHARLES DENNIG. Allentown, Pa,
WM. DONOUGHEY, Londonderry.
JOHN DOLAN, St. Johns, N. F.
JAMES DRURY. New London, Conn.
GEORGE EDLER. New York.
CHAS. F. W. ELERMAN, Germany.
JOHN P. ETTS, Rochester. N. Y.
CARL EVENSEN, Norway.
CHAS. F. J. FADDE, Elizabeth. N. J.
RANDOLPH FALK, Prussia.
GEORGE D. FRUBEL. Brooklyn, N. Y.
WILLIAM J. FEWER. St. Johns. N. F.
TRUBIC FINCH, Raleigh. N. C.
FRANK FISHER, Ann Arbor. Mich.
ALFRED J. FISHER. Newport. Eng.
MICHAEL FLAHERTY, Ireland.
LEWIS FLEISCIIMAN. Baltimore.
JOHN FOUGRE, Arichat. N. S.
BARTLEY FOUNTAIN, Quebec.
CHARLES FRANKE, Germany.
FRANK GARDNER, Matawana, N. j.
THOMAS J. GARDNER. Brooklyn.
WILLIAM H. GERMAN. Philadelphia,
JAMES A. GRAHAM. Brooklyn.
EDWARD P. GRAHAM. Jersey City.
PATRICK GRADY, Ireland.
WM. A. GREER. Gret-.npuint, N. Y.
MICHAEL GRIFFIN. Dublin.
HENRY GROSS, New York.
REINHARDT GRUPP. Montpelier.Wls.
WILLIAM HAMBURGER. Jersey City.
CHAS. A. HAMILTON, Newport. R. I.
JOHN HAMILTON. Canandaigua, K. Y.
WM. C. HANRAHAN, Troy. N. Y.
EDWARD HARRIS. San Francisco.
DANIEL O'C. HARLEI'. Philadelphia
THOMAS J. HARTY. Ireland.
CHARLES HASSKLL. Cuba, W. I.
CHARLES HAI.'CK. Brooklyn.
H. B. HAWKINS, Bath City. Mich.
ROBERT B. HENKES. Cincinnati.
BENJ. H. HKHRIMA.V, St.. Marys. Md.
GUSTAV HOLM. Norway.
WM. J. HORN, Whitehall, N. Y.
WILLIAM L. HOUGH. Philadelphia.
vided for them, and where their every
want will be attended to.
The officers were quartered at the ho
teL Their appearance justified Captain
Sigsbee's statement that with several
exceptions no officer had more than
part of a suit of clothing and what they
did have was wet with the filthy water
of Havana harbor. Their appearance
certainly suggested anything but the
trim, well-groomed naval officer.
He adds that more than an hour and
a half previous to the explosion he had
closed the doors of the magazine and
that the temperatui therein was cool
at the time. The unanimity of opinion
of all the survivors on this point
would seem to be justified by the re
quest of Captain .Sigsbee that public
judgment be suspended until after the
board of inquiry has completed its in
vestigation and submitted its report.
Great indignation is expresed over
the action of the Spanish correspond
ents in Havana, who filed dispatches
here last night to the Imparcial and
other Madrid papers casting aspersions
on the characters of Consul-General
Lee, Captain Sigsbee and his officers
and the entire crew of the Maine. These
dispatches stated that Lee, who was
laboring in the interests of the in
surgents, and Captain Sigsbee, in order
to relieve himself of responsibility for
the loss of his ship, had cabled the
authorities at Washington that the
Maine had been blown up by the Span
iards, when, as a matter of fact, the
accident was due to the carelessness
and negligence of the officers.
The dispatches also accuse theofficers
and crew of the Maine of cowardice,
saying they deserted the ship before
danger menaced and falsely stated that
Captain Sigsbee, at the time of the ex
plosion, was visiting aboard the Ward
line steamer City of Washington, and
that several other officers were visit
ing ashore, which Is evidenced by three
ship's boats being uninjured.
I have assurance that at the time of
PATRICK HUGHES. Ireland.
OTOGIRA ISHIDA, Japan.
CHAS. JOHNSON. Germany.
PETER D. JOHANSEN. Denmark.
THOMAS J. JONES, Brooklyn.
CARL JENCKS. Farm Bridge, 111.
CHARES F. JUST, Charleston. 8. C.
MICHAEL KANE, Pennsylvania.
JOHN KAY, Jersey City.
HUGH KELLEY, Sligo, Ireland.
JOHN KELLY, Brooklyn.
ALEXANDER KESSKULL. Germany.
HARRY J. KEYES. Ellsworth, Ind-
FRITZ KIPLSTROM, Sweden.
FRED'K KINZY, New Haven, Conn.
THOMAS F. KINSELLA, Brooklyn.
YUKICHI KITOGATA, Japan.
FREDERICK H. KNEISE. Troy. N. Y.
CHARLES KRANYAK. England.
HUGO KREUS, New York.
CHARLES LAIRD. St. John. N. B.
WILLIAM LAMBERT. Hampton, Va.
MICHAEL LANAHAN, St. Louis. Mo. »
LUTHER LANCASTER, Virginia.
GEORGE LAPIERRE, Montreal.
MARTIN LARSEN. Denmark.
EDWARD LAWLER, Fall River, Mass.
JAMES T. LEAGUE', Annapolis, Md.
WILLIAM J. LEE, Attleboro, Mass.
DANIEL LEEN. Ansonia, Conn.
SAMUEL LEES, New York.
GURTAV LEOPOLD, Germany.
JOHN LEWIS. Baltimore.
DANIEL LEWIS. Albermarle. Va.
GEORGE LIEBER. New York.
JOERGEN J. LORENGI, Denmark.
JAMES W. LOUDEN, New Kent, Va.
CLARENCE E. LOWELL. Bath. Me.
JOHN T. LYDEN, New York.
MATTHEW LYNCH, Lowell, Mass.
BERNARD LYNCH, Brooklyn.
JOHN E. MARSHALL. Kentucky.
BENJ. MARSDEN. Jersey City, N J.
JOHAN MARTINSON. Sweden.
JOHN H. MASON, New York.
EDWARD MATTSEN, Sweden.
JOHN MATZA, Watertown. Wis.
ELMER M. MEILSTRUP. Michigan.
JOHN MORSE, Brooklyn.
ELDON H. MERO, Augusta. Me.
WILLIAM S. MILLER, New York
GEORGE MILLER, Belgium.
GEORGE MOBLES. Greece.
EDWARD H. MOORE. Virginia.
WILLIAM MONTFORT, lowa.
PIERRE MORIM. France.
GERRARD C. MOSS, Norway.
JOHN H. MOSS, Oxford, N. C.
NOBLE L. MUDD, Maryland.
CORNELIUS MURPHY. Cork.
HUGO M'GONIGLE. Ireland.
FRANCIS J. M'NIECE, Mans.
TOMEKISHI Nagamane, Japan.
SOPHUS NIELSEN. Denmark.
PETER NIKKELSEN, Denmark.
WILLIAM A. NOBEL, Ireland.
M. OHYE. Japan.
GUSTAV C. ORDING. Cincinnati.
JAMES OCONNOR, Ireland.
THOMAS J. OHAGGAN. New York.
PATRICK ONEIL. Ireland.
HENRY H. O'KEGAN, Boston.
FREDERICK PAIGE, Buffalo.
JOHN PALMGREN. Sweden. v
ROBERT PERRY, Mobile, Ala.
FRANCIS C. PHILLIPS, New York.
JAMES PINKNEY, Annapolis, Md.
JOHN PORTER, Ireland.
JOHN POWERS. Cork.
DANIEL PRICE, Stonehall. Mass.
THOMAS J. QUIGLEY. New York.
CHARLES P. QUINN, Mass.
JOSEPH REILLY. New York.
JOHN W. RILEY. Newport, R. I.
WILLIAM A. RIEGER, Newark, N. J.
NEWELL RISING. Jersey City.
W. ROBINSON, New Brunswick. N.J.
PETER ROOS. Sweden.
WILLIAM RUSHWORTH. England.
CLARENCE E. SAFFORD. N. H.
ISA SUGISAKI, Japan.
AUGUST SCHROEDER. Brooklyn.
FRANK BUTTON, Galveaton.
CHARLES A. SCHOTT, Orange. N. J.
KASHOTORA SUZUKI. Japan.
JOSEPH A. SCULLY, Baltimore.
FRANK C. TABOT. Bath, Me.
JOSEPH SEERY, Ireland.
DANIEL J. TOHAN. Rochester, N. Y.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
MAP SHOWING CUBA'S CABLE CONNECTIONS WITH THE REST OF THE WORLD.
Five cable lines' reach Cuba. Two of which connect the world via Tampa, Fla., with Havana, two others
Santiago de Cuba with Kingston, Jamaica, and the fifth runs from Santiago de Cuba to San Juan, on the island
of Hayti. This line, by way of Antigua, Martinique, Paramaribo and Pernambuco, Brazil, gives transatlantic
connection with Madrid, by way of the Cape Verde and Madeira Isles, and Lisbon, or by way o-f St. Louis, Sene
gal, French Africa with Cadiz, Spain.
By the KU»g»too lir.es Cuba could reach Panama, and thence down the west coast of South America to Val
paraiso, thence acroM to Buenos Ayres, and up the east coast via Rio Janeiro and Bahia to Pernambuco and Eu
rope. Cutting th< Kingston and the Hayti lines would isolate the island. These lines lie in water comparatively
shallow, and the v >rk would not be one of any great difficulty to people experienced in cable grappling, of which
there are a number to be found on the Atlantic Coast.
the explosion Captain Sigsbee was
aboard the Maine, and it was his
coolness and the exercise of superior
judgment in directing the men under
the trying circumstances that averted
a panic and greater loss of life.
The officers and men are also cred
ited with having obeyed orders im
plicitly and displayed traits of the
highest order in leaving the ship when
she was sinking and no possible hope
remained of saving her.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If 1* falls to cure.
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
PATRICK J. SHEA. Ireland.
GEORGE THOMPSON, Greece.
THOMAS SHEA, New York.
FRANK B. TIGGES, Germany.
JOHN J. SHEA, New York.
WM. H. TINSMAN, Pennsylvania.
OWEN SHERIDAN, Ireland.
CONSTAN. LODORESCO. Roumania.
J. H. SHILLINGTON, Chicago.
ALFRED SIMMONS, Petersburg, Va.
THOMAS TROY, Conn.
MARTIN TUHOEY, Clare, Ireland.
NICHOLAS J. SMITH, Virginia.
NICHOLAS STEVENSON, Norway.
JOSEPH F. WALSH, Boston.
JOHN WALLACE, Lowell, Mass.
JOHN WARREN, Randolph. N. C.
CHAS. O. WHITE, Georgetown, P.E.I.
GEORGE M. WHITEN, Virginia.
ROBERT WHITE, Portsmouth, Va.
JOHN E. WICKSTROM, Finland.
ALBERT WILSON, Stockholm.
ROBERT WILSON, Glasgow.
FREDERICK WAGNER, Wilkesbarre
GEO. W. WILBUR, Redbank, N. J.
JOHN H. ZEIGLER, N. B.
UNITED STATES MARINES.
FIRST LIEUT. A. W. CATLIN.
FIRST SERGT. HENRY WAGNER.
SERGEANT J. W. BROWN.
CORPORAL J. R. BURNS.
CORPORAL JOSEPH SCHOENAL.
CORPORAL A. H. RICHTER.
CORPORAL F. G. THOMPSON.
DRUMMER J. H. DIERKING.
FIRER C. H. NEWTON.
PRIVATES.
WILLIAM ANTHONY.
JOHN BENNETT.
V. H. BOTLING.
GEORGE BROSMAN.
JOHN COFFEY.
M. C. DOWNING.
C. P. GALPING.
C. W. GERMAN.
C. E. JOHNSON.
W. J. JORDAN.
E. T. REAN.
FRANK KELLEY.
G. M. LAMIETTE.
PAUL LOFTUS.
P. A. LESKO.
JOSEPH LUTZ.
JOHN M'DERMOTT.
WILLIAM M'QUINNESS.
ED M'KAY.
J. P. LONSHAN.
T. J. NEWMAN.
J. H. ROBERTS.
H. E. STOCK.
JAMES STRANGMAN.
E. B. SUMAN.
E. B. FIMPANY.
H. A. VAN HORN.
R. V. WARREN.
R. E. WILS.
WOUNDED.
OSKAR ANDERSON, Sweden.
AXEL C. ANDERSON, Copenhagen.
KARL CHRISTIANSEN, Sweden.
THOMAS J. DURECKIN, Corning. N.Y.
MICHAEL FLYNN, Dublin.
ALFRED HALLBERG, Sweden.
JOHN HALLBURG, Sweden.
AMBROSE HAM, Indian Fields. N. Y.
JOHN B. LOAD, London. Eng.
CHARLES A. LOHMAN, Sweden.
CARL MATIASEN, Christiania.
HARRY M'GANN, Valiejo, Cal.
WILLIAM M'NAIR, Pittsburg.
ARTHUR RAU, Germany.
JEREMIAH SHEA. Muss.
WM. H. THOMPSON. Philadelphia
MARTIN V. WEBBER, Maine.
HENRY WILLIAMS, North Carolina
BENJ. R. WILBUR, Philadelphia.
DOUBTED.
CHARLES ANDERSON. Norfolk. Va
JOHN ANDERSON, Norway.
PETER JOHNSON, Sweden.
GEORGE JOHNSON, Abingdon, Md.
CRUISER TO
GO TO HAVANA
Montgomery to Replace
the Destroyed Battle-
ship Maine.
This Time Extra Precautions
Will Be Taken to Prevent
Treachery.
If Necessary Vessels VVill Be on
Hand to Enforce Demands
for Indemnity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: There
is every reason to believe that the ad
/ ministration is determined to send a
man-of-war to replace the Maine in
Havana harbor, on the ground that
there is just as good reason for keep
ing a vessel at that point at this time
as there was when the Maine was or
dered there last month. In all proba
bility the United States cruiser Mont
gomery, which Is returning to Key
West from the city of San Domingo,
will be eelected. The Montgomery left
I San Domingo to-day for Key West. It
is expected that she will cover the dis
tance within three days. There is a
possibility that the Montgomery may
be employed to convey to Havana the
court of inquiry which will investigate
the destruction of the Maine, but as the
i court will not convene until Saturday,
and will hold several sessions at Key
J West before proceeding to Havana,
i there has been no action taken by the
: department looking to the expedition
: of the Montgomery's return.
There has been some talk of dis
1 patching the Marblehead, now at Mo
bile, Ala., to Havana. If it should be
! finally determined to select the Mont
| gomery as the vessel to go to Cuba,
j Commander Converse will be given in
structions with a view to preventing
a repetition of the disaster suffered by
the Maine. As was done by Captain
Sigsbee, Commander Converse will be
instructed to keep in close touch with
Consul -General Lee and to act upon
any suggestions for the protection of
Americans and their interests that that
officer may consider necessary.
It can be authoritatively Btated that
a battle-ship will not go to Havana
harbor. In the first place the admin
istration would not be willing to again
risk a ship of this size, and in the sec
ond it is thought that such action
might be considered by Spain as a
menace. This impression the authori
ties desire to avoid giving.
Several insignificant orders were is
! sued to-day by the Navy Department,
j which are regarded as highly signifi
; cant by some of the officers on duty
at the Navy Department. Instructions
were given to Captain Purcell F. Har
i rington, commanding the monitor PurJ
| tan, and Captain Nicoll Ludlow, com
j manding the monitor Terror, to keep
I their vessels in communication. The
Herald recently announced that formal
i orders had been issued by the depart
| ment directing that these vessels be
! placed in reserve. It was explained to
! me by an official of the department that
i the action of the department- was not
: due to any suggestion of war, but that
I it was considered advisable to take pre
cautions and be ready to meet any
emergencies that may arise.
It is recognized by officials that If it
should be found that the loss of the
Maine was the result of an explosion
an indemnity would be demanded,
i and it is therefore regarded as good
poli&y to be prepared to support a de
'< mand in case it should be made.
The Puritan is now undergoing re
! pairs at the Norfolk navy yard, and it
! is not expected that she will be ready
for active service under two weeks.
! The Terror to-day is ready for service.
I These vessels would be employed as
j coast defense vessels.
It is also proposed by the department
| to place the dispatch boat Dolphin in
commission on March 24. Orders were
issued to-day to officers and men of
this vessel directing them to report for
I duty at the Brooklyn navy yard on
March 23. The Dolphin will probably
j join the North Atlantic squadron.
CONGRESSMEN
TALK OF WAR
Even the Conservatives
Are Aroused by the
Calamity.
They Say That American
Honor and Liberty Must
Be Vindicated.
It Is Time That the United States
Drove the Spanish Soldiers
From Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs Hous*,
Washington, Feb. 17
At the capitol end of the avenue there
Is the same feeling of suppressed ex
citement that prevails at the Navy De
partment, but very much to the sur
prise of everybody there have been no
outbi-eaks on the part of those who
have heretofore lost no opportunity to
criticize the administration's foreign
policy. The only way the Maine In
cident figured at all in the day's pro
ceedings in Congress was in the Allen
resolution calling for an investigation,
but there was very little of this, for it
went over under the rules. It will be
called up to-morrow, but will probably
be sent to a committee, the majority
of the sentiment In the Senate being
that nothing should be done at this
juncture that can possibly interfere in
any way with the plans of the execu
tive department.
But off the lloor there was talk, and
plenty of it. A few members of the
Senate and House cling to the accident
theory, but the great majority inclines
strongly to the belief that a torpedo
did the work, and that it was sent
against the American man-of-war by
Spanish hands.
Perhaps the most significant indica
tion of the growth of this feeling 1b
found In the attitude of certain Repub
lican members of the House Commit
tee on Foreign Relations. That com
mittee held a long session this morning
at which the whole Cuban situation
was gone over at length. Representa
tive Adams of Pennsylvania, who is
chairman of the sub-committee having
charge of the Cuban end of the com
mittee's work, has all the time been en
gaged in sitting down on all efforts of
the other members to get at the facts
in the Cuban situation, and in this he
has had the active assistance of Quigg
of New York. Indeed, Quigg has been
regarded as the most conservative
member of the committee, not except
ing Chairman Hitt. But to-day Quigg,
Pearson and Smith of Michigan, all Re
publicans, gave strong indications of
a purpose to do their part toward forc
ing the administration to aggressive
action. Quigg was particularly out
spoken outside of the committee room.
He declared that not only he but the
business men of New York are now
convinced that a war cannot be avoid
ed, and the sooner It was entered upon
the better. In view of Quigg's close re
lationship with Senator Platt this talk
was regarded as most significant. This
is, however, but one indication of the
general feeling that the terrible disas
ter to the Maine is the spark that will
ignite the war spirit.
But the conservatives believe that no
official expression of the administration
I or of Congress should be given until
i something definite is ascertained as to
j the cause of the explosion. For
this reason most Senators and Repre
resentatives are guarded in their ex
pressions to interviewers. As one of
| the most conservative Republican
j members of the Senate Committee of
Foreign Affairs put it this evening,
"We have been working along for
many months with a lot of live wires
crossed and recrossed and touching at
many points. So long as we were able
to keep each in place and all properly
insulated there was no danger. But
! we have all realized that were the insu
lation to wear off there would be a
flash that would only mean war."
The same Senator declared that If In
dications of a torpedo's work were
ADMIRAL BELKNAP
UPON TORPEDOES
IN STILL WATER
The Harbor of Havana Is a Very
Favorable Place for the
Use of These De=
stroyers.
BOSTON, Mass., Feb. 17.— "1 must confess Ido not understand it. I
do not know what could be called a 'percussion hole,' except it be
the hole made by the point of a torpedo. The percussion top is
screwed into the point of the shell, and when it strikes the vessel the
shell explodes by percussion or concussion. Of course, if anything of
that kind has happened, it would indicate the presence of a torpedo. But
the torpedoes in use by navies are much larger than that and would
not have been likely to leave ar. eight-inch hole. The plate would
have been blown to atoms if a torpedo came in contact with it, and,
besides, a torpedo is not for the purpose of penetrating the plates,
but of exploding when it strikes them."
This, in brief, was the comment of Rear Admiral Belknap, when
shown the Key West dispatch this afternoon, in which it was de
clared that an eight-inch hole had been found in one of the plates of
the sunken warship Maine.
"But the possibility of disaster having been caused by a torpedo is
not to be left out of reckoning. The torpedo boat David, which in 1863
came near sinking the Ironsides, did a few weeks afterward sink the
Housatonic. She was on the blockade outside. That was done by
concussion, by the explosion of the torpedo when it strikes the vessel.
"The reports published regarding the Mainf state that there were
two explosions. Now, if a torpedo were to strike Ih'e vessel and ex
plode it is perfectly possible that the concussion would affect the mag
azine, and thus a second explosioq might be caused.
"But there is a possibility that the Spaniards may have torpedoes
in the harbor of Havana. Such a thing might be used in the harbor of
Havana, where the waters are very still and the tide never falls or
rises more than six or seven inches. Of course, it ought to have been
seen, but it ran so swiftly that even if It were seen there would have
been no possibility of saving anything before it would have come in
contact with its object. I do not say that this was done, or could pos
sibly be done in the case of the Maine, but the Havana harbor Is a
favorable place for such an occurrence."
There have been numbers of cases where the man at the bow has
taken rum on board, even without the knowledge of the marines on
deck. It is not at all impossible to approach a vessel in the way sug
gested. Admiral Belknap paid that he believed if the plates of the
Maine could be inspected they might show, possibly, just how the dis
aster occurred, but if a torpedo struck the vessel from the outside he
would expect the plates to be completely shattered, rather than hav
ing a hole or holes bored in them.
HERALD AND CALL
HELD THE WIRE.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— The Herald will say to-morrow: These
are the days of miracles. Telegraphic experts declare that there are
only two telegraph wires leading from Key West to the outer world.
The United States Government is reasonably sure that it held one
of these wires on Wednesday night.
The Herald is equally certain that it had undisputed sway of the
other until 5 o'clock yesterday morning.
How then did all dispatches in the other papers yesterday under the
Key West date line get through? Were they borne on the wings or
the morning or floated on the afternoon mist? Were they megaphoned,
semaphored, carrier-pigeoned or stolen?
They were in the Herald all right, but how did they get through
space into the other papers?
found he did not believe anything or
any power could prevent war — no mat
ter what steps Spain might take to
punish the perpetrators of the deed,
and no matter how much indemnity
she might offer to pay the United
States. Of the Republican Senators
Mason of Illinois is doing the loudest
talking for the papers.
"Spain is responsible for this, and in
a sense our own Government is re
sponsible," said he this evening. "The
disaster to the Maine could not have
come from the Inside — naval experts
agree to that. It was a blow dealt by
an enemy, and Spain is responsible.
"When I say that our own Govern
ment is responsible I mean this. The
Maine was sent there on an alleged
friendly mission. The administration
lied, to use the language of diplomacy,
when it said the Maine was going to
Havana on a friendly mission. That
was not the object of the visit, and
every precaution should have been»
taken. Had she gone as she ought, as
an enemy in search of a foe, the ship
would have given a different account of
herself, and would not now be at the
bottom of the harbor. I want to see
the administration order the whole fleet
to Havana, and I want to see the fleet
go there on business other than that of
a 'friendly visit.' If I had my way, we
would send 100,000 troops to that island
and drive the Spaniards off of it. There
will never be any peace until Cuba is
free of those fellows."
Republican Senators who have con
tended that the time for action had not
arrived now incline to the belief that
this Maine horror will in the end prove
the casus belli which all have expected
would in the end come, no matter how
strong the efforts of the administration
to prevent It.
Senator Perkins of California, a mem
ber of the Naval Affairs Committee,
who is usually very conservative In his
expressions, states it as his positive
belief that the Maine's destruction re
sulted from design rather than acci
dent.
Representative DeVries said: "From
present information concerning the re
cent lamentable disaster at Havana to
the Maine. I am not sufficiently up on
which to base a definite expression of
opinion. Vague rumors are equally un
certain and unreliable upon which to
offer an expression touching a matter
of so grave and serious importance.
But certainly, in the face of disclo
sures leading to the confusion of a pre
meditated destruction of our ship,
traceable to Spanish origin, nothing
can further restrain American indigna
tion and action. It must strike the
KEY WEST, Feb. 17. — Every effort to obtain an ex
pression from the officers in regard to the explosion has
proven fruitless. The sarrfe reticence which has character
ized the utterances of Captain Sigsbee and Consul-General
Lee was manifested by the officers. The crew, on the other
hand, made no concealment whatever that the Maine was
blown up by a torpedo or other destructive missile placed
under the battle-ship, and some give substantial reasons
for their assertions.
They assert that an examination of the ship's bow by
a diver will demonstrate the fact that the holes in her
plates are inward indentations.
American people that the Government
has in a great measure abdicated its
mission on earth (the establishment of
liberty) to mankind by sitting idly by
and permitting the butcheries that
have been perpetrated by the Spanish,
upon Cubans at our very doors.
CAPTAIN SIGSBEE
WAS WARNED
BY A SPANIARD
Continued from First Pag«.
cular of warning. He had simply placed it
in the letter which he had sent her.
From Paymaster Charles W. Little field.
who returned from Havana a week ago.
having been relieved from the Maine by
Paymaster Charles M. Ray, I learned that
Captain Sigsbee had received the circular
while going to a bullfight which he attended
on January 30, in company with other
officers of the vessel. Mr. Uttlefield was
unable to witness the sport on account of
some pressing work, but in talking with
Captain Sigsbee during the evening he
learned that while that officer was forcing
his way through the crowd the circular
was placed into his hand. Captain Sigsbee
mechanically clutched it and brought the
paper with him to his ship.
"The captain paid no attention to the
circular," said Little field, "except to joke
about it. " No one for a minute thought it
a warning, and I do not belie re it was.
Captain Sigsbee took every precaution pos
sible to prevent any attempt to injure his
resse/. From my know/edge of the ship
and of the conditions which prevailed in the
harbor, I believe the disaster was due to
an accident precipitated by an interior
cause. The circular, with the warning in
English, was simply coincidental with the
catastrophe."NOW AROUSED TO THE VERGE OF WAR
THE VOICE
OF LABOR
FOR WAR
Fifty Thousand Men Are
Offered to the Pres=
ident.
Organized Workingmen of New
York City Believe the Honor
of the Nation Should Be
Vindicated.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.—
War talk is all the rage
among the organized work
ingmen of this city. Toil
ers of all shades of politics
freely declare for war with
Spain on account of the in
sult to the President, the
Maine disaster and their
desire to see Cuba free from
Spanish rule.
Before a meeting of the
Board of Delegates of the
Building Trades yesterday
afternoon, representatives
of forty large trades unions
discussed the blowing up of
the Maine. There was
scarcely a man among them
who did not incline to the
belief that the explosion
was the result of a Spanish
plot concerted in Havana.
Nearly every man declared
his willingness to take up
arms if necessary, and said
fifty thousand union work
ingmen of New York stood
ready to aid in freeing Cuba
and wiping out Spain's in
sult to this Government.
' When the delegates of the building
trades section of the Central Labor
TJnion -assembled at Clarendon Hall
last" night they expressed sentiments
similar to those of the Board of Dele
o gates. Delegate Fitzgerald, an expert
Vaf;«ion ...and compressed air worker,
•who 'has had large experience in the use j
of explosives, gave an interesting idea j
of the manner in which the Maine could
have been blown up by the use of a
torpedo or other device sent from shore,
yFltzgerald also explained hew easy it
■.vould be for the Spanish warship Viz
■ caya to blow Fort "Wadsworth and Fort
Hamilton into smithereens by sending
a torpedo against those works so that
concussion would explode the maga
zines.
The Intense feeling of hatred against j
Spain prevailing this morning among
workingmen was manifested last night
■when a "living picture" was displayed
In Clarendon Music Hall. Many labor ]
Unions meet in the building, and a large .
tngeat of the Cuban colony attends
-mances in the music hall. I© a |
huge frame wei shapely young I
women — one. Columbia, resting a sword j
upon a young woman representing j
prostrate Spain, with Cuba holding the '
Cuban, flag as she gazed in triumph at ■
her fallen foe. Every man and woman j
in the crowded hall arose and shouted j
and cheered for ten minutes and vocif- j
erously demanded half a dozen repeti
tions of the picture.
Volunteer companies are being organ- i
ized in Jersey City for enlistment in i
case of war with Spain. The "Uncle
John Association" met last night an 1
discussed the Maine incident. Each one
of the 150 members declared his inten
(Lion of offering his services in case of {
war. If volunteers are enlisted the
Uncle John Association will form a j
company by itself. Before adjourning
the association adopted a resolution de- >
clarlng that the members believed
enough indignities had been heaped
upon the United States to provoke en- :
ergetie action, and it was resolved to
memorialize Congress to recognize Cu
ban belligerency. It was also resolved
in the event the Maine was found to
THE AQUIDABAN IN DRYDOCK.
Showing the Destruction Wrought by a Torpedo.
! have been destroyed by Spanish treach
! cry to declare war.
i BURIAL OF THE DEAD
BY SPANISH AUTHORITIES.
That Last Sad Privilege Is Claimed
by the Havana Officials, and
Will Be Granted.
HAVANA. Feb. 17.— The interme»t of
the martyrs took place this afternoon
about 5 o'clock. Shortly before the hour
all Havana was In mourning. The flags
on the public buildings were at half
mast, and many of the houses were
draped in mourning. All classes were
represented in tho throngs that filled
the streets along which the funeral
procession passed to the cemetery.
The order of the procession was as
follows: The municipal guards on
horseback, in full uniform; the city
brigade, the municipal employes, the
Aldermen in seven splendidly decorated
firemen's cars, special cars bearing the
remains, nine bodies being carried on
a splendidly decorated car, the clergy,
deputations consisting of the chief offi
cers of the army, navy and volunteers,
representatives of various official bu
reaus and of the custom house, a com
mittee representing the Chamber of
Commerce, a delegation representing
the grocers, the council of administra
tion, representatives of the treasury,
pcess and various political organiza
tions, then the chief officers of the
Maine, the representatives of foreign
governments, the city magistrates with
their mace bearers, provincial deputies,
employes <>f the general regional au
tonomic governments, the municipal
bearers; then General Parrado.
u'ih four rt. is-ii-'-eamp, representing
• ral Btajico (\vh.>se personal pres
ence -was not allowable under the law),
having on his right FniUd Statos Con-
BUI-Gencral L<ee, and on his left the
Mayor of Havana, the Marquis Lar
rin:iga,_A.dmiral Monterola, General Sa
lano and other officers, two companies
of marines and infantry.
The funeral cortege started from the
principal entrance of the City Hall on
Weyler street, then turned to the right
on Mercedes street, then up O'Reilly
street, along the right side of Central
Park, and finally to the right along
San Rafael street to the cemetery.
The population that lined the route
gave every Indication of the profound
est respect. The funeral was conducted
under the charge of the Spanish au
thorities.
NEW APPLIANCE
TO RAISE THE SHIP.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— J. J. Merritt
Jr. of the Merritt & Chapman Wreck
ing Company said this afternoon that
reports that his company had been en
gaged by the Government to raise the
Maine were without foundation.
"We have made an application," said
Mr. Merritt, "like other companies, but
we have heard nothing in response."
At the company's offices pi*eDarations
had been made in case the Govern
ment awarded the contract for raising
the war vessel. The equipment nearest
to the scene of action is at Norfolk.
The powerful tug Right Arm. under
Captain John Mogel Jr., is ready to
start for Havana. The most powerful
vessel of the fleet is the J. J. Merritt.
stationed here. She is ready to start
at a moment's notice with a comple
ment* of divers and everything neces-
sary.
Mr. Merritt. when asked what plan
would be pursued to raise the Maine,
said it would be impossible to tell un
til an investigation had been made.
No ship of her size and weight hrd yet
been lifted from the bottom of the sea.
It was a new cape, which would re
quire new remedies.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
ADMiRAL SICARD, Commanding the North Atlantic Squadron.
SPECIAL BOARD
OF INQUIRY
Naval Officers Who Will
Investigate the Maine
Disaster.
Captain Sampson of the lowa
Will Be President of the
Court.
Naval Veterans Will Lose No Time
In Seeking the Cause of the
Battleship's Loss.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feft. 17.
The first action of Secretary Long
! this morning was to send instructions
! to Admiral Sicard to select officers from
the ships of the North Atlantic squad
ron who will compose a competent
1 court of inquiry. Some remark was
excited in the Navy Department by the
! fact that the court did not contain
j any representative of either the engi
neer corps or the corps of naval con
structors. The court of inquiry includes
■ no officer of any technical branch of the
', navy. They are all what is known as
: strategists, and the absence of an en
gineer or constructor from the detail
has naturally excited comment It Is
pointed out that the work- of the mi
i quiry will necessitate some expert opin
! ion. and that the advice of both engi
neers and constructors will be abso
lutely necessary in reaching a decision.
I Of course, the court will have the ad
| vice of any experts there may be at
WEYLER IS
HOSTILE TO
AMERICANS
BARCELONA, Feb. I".—Lieu
tenant-General V ierland Wey
ler, who arrived h< re to-day, ex
pressed the opinion, in the course
of an interview, that ;!'.■■ lisaster
which had befallen the United
States warship in Havana har
bor was "due to the indolence of
her crew."
He announced his intention to
ask the Government's permis
sion to go to Havana and stand
as a candidate for the Chamber
of Deputies for the Havana Dis
trict.
Havana, but the Navy Department of
ficials believe that better and more ac
curate, information would b" secured if
engineers and constructors were repre
sented in the court.
Commander Marix left Washington
this morning for the south. He was in
terviewed, with other officers in the
department, and expressed the opinion,
based entirely upon the information
which had been furni.shed up to that
time, that the disaster to the Maine
was the result of an internal explosion,
probably by a discharge of gun cotton
The court will immediately proceed
with the examination of the officers at
Havana. The most important testi
mony, however, will be the evidence of
the divers who were taken over last
night in the dispatch boat Fern. It is
expected that the divers will be ham
pered a great deal In their examina
tion by the conditions at Havana. The
hulk of the Maine is probably imbedded
in the soft mud of that locality, and
it will be next to impossible to ascer
tain the causes which led to the explo
sion. It was hoped that enough would
be left of the vessel to enable the divers
to report whether the condition of the
hull indicated an explosion without or
within the ship.
A dispatch received from Admiral
Sioard this afternoon at the Navy De
partment reported the arrival at Key
West of Lieutenant John Hood of the
Maine, whostated that the vessel was a
total wreck beyond all further use in
the navy. Lieutenant Hood describes
the whole forward part of the ship as
completely collapsed wh"re the shock
of the explosion was the heaviest. This
indicates that the examination of the
divers will result in very little infor
mation. and the disaster to the Maine
will probably remain a mystery. It is
probable that the department will use
dynamite on the wreck and destroy
the fragments. A number of naval
officers expressed the opinion that the
Maine's hull should be raised and car
ried out of Havana harbor. It is a
matter of pride with all naval people
that the remains of their ships shall
not remain in a foreign harbor.
The personnel of the special investi
gating commission insures comprehen
sive work, although it may not make
an entirely acceptable report upon the
accident. Captain Sampson was until
last summer Chief of Ordnance, and
some years ago commanded the San
Francisco when she first sailed out of
the Goiden Gate. He is regarded as
one of the most capable and efficient
officers of the navy, and one whose
thorough knowledge of high explosives
and ordnance matters renders him
without question the best man that
could have been selected to head a
board of such importance. Captain
Chadwick. who commands the flagship
New York, was once our naval attache
at London, and until recently the head
of the equipment bureau. Lieutenant-
Commander Marix has an equal stand-
Ing In the navy. This board will pro
ceed at once to Havana, where divers
have already been sent, and there be
gin Its important work. j
WALL STREET
NOT ALARMED
Too Many Rumors of a
Conflicting Character
Abroad.
One of These Being Traced
Explodes the Whole Crop
of Scares.
The Market Closes at Very Nearly
the Highest Figures of
the Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— Whatever
may be the outcome of the Maine dis
aster, thinking men of Wall street to
day reached the conclusion that it was
too soon to become panic stricken.
Reckless sacrificing of investments
ceased and there was considerable
picking up of stocks by conservative
men, who are always on hand in times
of uncertainty and doubt in search of
bargains. It was perhaps natural that
large operators whose purchases in the
recent market must have contributed
in no small degree to the advance in
prices should have felt uneasy when
the first news of the calamity to a war
ship reached them on Wednesday
morning, and that their caution should
have induced them to lighten their
burdens as they undoubtedly did on
that day.
But twenty-four hours' reflection
worked a marvelous change in senti
ment. There was nothing of a trust
worthy character in the way of news
to-day from Havana which enabled
any one to determine the cause of the
loss of the ship, and it became the turn
of those who had sold stocks "short" on
the previous day to show anxiety and
caution.
No small part of the strength of the
market during the day may fairly be
attributed to the covering of short con
tracts put out on the nrst alarm by
bear traders. The houses which exe
cute London orders on Change were
prominent buyers at the opening of
the market, and this was accepted as
evidence that those at a distance from
the scene of complications were not
disturbed about the outlook. It may
be true, as asserted by some, that all
the orders which foreign houses exe
cuted are not for foreign investors;
in fact the trick of placing orders for
such houses to create the Impression
of foreign buying or selling, as the
case may be, is an old one and has be
come too common to deceive any one.
Still, there was a fair volume of for
eign buying in addition to covering of
short contracts put out on Wednesday
in this market.
London's prices were considerably
above parity when business began in
this city yesterday, and this caused a
short advance in the general list at the
opening. The improvement lasted
throughout the first hour, then dull
ness ensued and prices fell away.
In the final hour, however, there was
a distinct change. The street had been
flooded during the day with rumors
which, if they had been well founded,
might have been more or less disturb
ing. Those which were capable of be
ing traced, such as the story of the
cutting of the Havana cable, were soon
found to be absolutely devoid of truth,
and suspicion was then at once thrown
on all effusions of the war-makers. The
bears, who had until' then believed in
the short side of the market, b
TREACHERY
THEORY IS
SUPPORTED
Growing Belief That the
Disaster Was Not Due
to Accident.
High Government Officials, How
ever, Await the Result of the
Investigation Into the
Loss of the Maine.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, Feb. IT.
Uncertainty regarding the pri
mary cause of the naval disaster
in Havana harbor, by which the
navy has lost one of its most
valuable war vessels, together
with the growing apprehension
that investigation may prove
that treachery of some kind lead
to the deplorable affair, contin
ues to occupy the undivided at
tention of the entire force of
Government officials.
The events of the day fail to give a
solution of the problem which has agi
tated most deeply every one here as to
whether the big vessel was maliciously
destroyed or whether she and her crew
met their fate through some accident
that human foresight and precaution
could not possibly have prevented.
There is an impression pervading the
Navy Department that an examina
tion of the wreck now in Havana har
bor may disclose that there was treach
ery of some sort, and that the theo
ries advanced by the President and
Secretary Long and others who do not
wish to believe it possible the Maine
was purposely wrecked may be upset
by later developments.
Dispatches to-day throw no addi
tional light upon the most important
question connected with the loss of the
ship, whether she now lies at the bot
tom of Havana harbor through an
explosion of one or two of her maga
zines or that a torpedo or a submarine
mine destroyed the ship. The uncer
tainty must continue until the special
board appointed to-day proceed to Ha
vana and investigate the injury to the
vessel by an examination of divers and
as this board cannot possibly complete
and send its findings to Washington
within a week, the public mind will not
be satisfied as to the precise cause of
the loss of the great battleship until
these experts give their opinion.
While a number of the higher naval
officials adhere to the opinion formed
soon after hearing of the calamity, the
majority of the naval officers in Wash
ington are firmly of the belief that it
was not possible for the magazines to
explode except through the intent of
some maliciously disposed person or
persons. The theory that spontaneous
combustion in the coalbunkers caused
the magazines to be overheated and the
powder to ignite is disproved by the
fact that the character of the coal did
not permit of its taking fire in this
manner.
The declaration made early that a
boiler exploded, thus tearing down the
walls of the magazines and setting the
powder in flames is held by all naval
officials not to be tenable, for the rea
son that there would have been proba
bly a lapse of time between a boiler ex
plosion and thyit of the magazines.
All ordnance experts agree that had
60,000 pounds of powder exploded in one
of the magazines the entire vessel would
have disappeared in short order. There
is a strong undercurrent of opinion in
clined to accept the early theories that
a torpedo or submarine mine, fired by
an electric wire from the shore, was
responsible for the explosion; but pos
sibly it may never be definitely settled
as to how the vessel met her fate.
The stern lies split and torn asunder.
The vitals of the vessel are a mass of
wreckage, and both external and in
ternal plates of the double bottom are
unquestionably blown out. The effect
of a torpedo on the vessel, the officials
all assert, may not and probably will
not be discovered for the very reason
that the entire forward part of the ship
is so terribly wrecked that it will be
impossible to determine whether the
first explosion was from the exterior or
interior.
To-day, after a calm and careful con
sideration of the reports thus far re
ceived from Havana, the experts de
cided that so powerful was the effect
of a magazine explosion that it would
be moet difficult to decide with any de
gree of accuracy whether the ship had
received her first wound from the ex
terior.
If the Maine had been blown up
through an accidental explosion of her
magazines naturally the naval service
and the people of the country will ask
what assurance they have that a sim
ilar calamity may not at any time be
fall the Oregon, the lowa, or any of
the twelve thousand ton battle-ships
now in commission. On all sides it is
conceded that but for the fact the
Maine lay in a shallow harbor, possi
bly none of the men not killed outright
would ever have safely reached shore.
A similar explosion in the open ocean
would have resulted in the Maine's
foundering within five minutes ,at the
outside. The reports from Havana
show that she sank in thirty-six feet
of water in three minutes. The shal
lowness of the water alone. Chief Con
structor Hichborn says, saved those
who reached the shore.
In all circles, both naval and Con
gressional, the deepest interest now
centers in determining tha precise
causes leading to the wreck of the
ship. It is admitted that a deplorable
I state of affairs has been reached lf'our
warships cannot be constructed so that
there is no possibility of their maga
zines exploding through spontaneous
! combustion of coal or the powder being
ignited through some cause that all the
safeguards that surround the maga
zines fail to prevent.
The Navy Department was again
thronged all day with people eager for
news from Havana. The wires were
burdened with dispatches making anx
ious inquiries regarding the officers and
men on board the Maine, and very lit
tle else was accomplished in the bureau
j of navigation beyond replying to these
telegrams. All of the messages were
] signed "Long." and most of them car
ried sad intelligence to all sections of
i the country. Great anxiety was be
i t rayed on the faces of all the officials
during the day as time wore on and no
1 news came from Havana.
The requests for something specific
| sent to Captain Sigsbee last night and
early this morning drew forth no re
! sponse until 3 o'clock this afternoon,
when cablegrams came from Sigsbee
and Lee, mainly relating to the dead.
, There was a conference between Secre
tary Long and the President during the
. afternoon, but the occasion of it was
'■ not divulged by the Secretary, who said
Ito The Call correspondent: "I have no
further information than has been
| given out. I am not in a position to
I form a better opinion than any one else
with the same data at his command.
I am still of the opinion I formed yes
terday and which may be expressed by
\ stating that I see nothing in the dis
! patches from Havana to indicate that
[ the horror of Tuesday night was any
thing except the result of an accident."
During the day Assistant Secretary
Meiklejohn of the War Department was
summoned to the Navy Department
and held a conference with Secretary-
Loner. Mr. Meiklejohn has made ar
rangements to go to Fortress Monroe
"on public business,'" it is given out at
the department, and will leave Wash
ington on Saturday. It is said at the
Assistant Secretary's office that he was
going on a visit to General Alger. The
cablegrams were posted as fast as re
ceived in the Bureau of Navigation and
read with eagerness by everybody. The
department officials insist that all mes
sages have been given out in full. This
is true, with the exception of one mes
sage which came in cipher from Key-
West about 3 o'clock this morning. This
message (whatever it was) did not
reach the public, and the officials said
it had no relation to the Maine disas
ter and was of no interest. This cir
cumstance naturally excited the suspi
cions that something was being with
held and the conferences between the
President and Secretary Long at the
White House, and between the latter
and Mr. Meiklejohn at the Navy De
partment did not disppi this belief.
The officials at the Navy Department
j devoted the day to the effort of cor
recting the list of living and dead; to
j answering frantic telegraphic appeals
from relatives of men on the battle
: ship and last, but not least, in meeting
with unwavering courtesy and patience
the exacting demands upon their time
of the press representatives. The dis
position of the survivors. Captain
Dickens, acting chief of the Navigation
Bureau, has arranged for as well as
| could be from this distance. The
i wounded sailors in the Havana hos
i pitals, on the Spanish flagship and
i elsewhere, when not in condition to be
i brought back to Key West, will be
■ carefully looked after by Miss Clara
I Barton, who has been given/ carte
blanche to buy any and everything
necessary, food, clothing, delicacies and
! hire nurses and physicians. The
wounded able to get across to Key-
West will be taken care of In the
Marine Hospital there. The sound sur
vivors will be quartered in the spare
army barracks there.
As for the Maine herself, notwith
standing discouraging reports from
Lieutenant Hood as to her condition,
the Navy Department will make the
effort to raise her. While this Is re-
I quired by every creditable sentiment,
j they say they are bound to remove the
i hull from the small harbor in any case,
j and it may be as easy or easier to raise
her as it would be to destroy the hull
and machinery by the use of divers
and dynamite. It is believed this work
I can best be done by private wrecking
corporations, and negotiations are al
ready afoot for placing the contract,
based on the work by the day, at an
estimated cost of $200,000.
At the Navy Department specific de
j nial was given of the report, emanat
i ing from Madrid, that a torpedo flotilla
was about to leave Key West for Cuba.
j It was stated that only two torpedo
I boats, the Cushing and the Ericsson,
are at Key West, and these have not
been ordered and will not be ordered.
affording to the present plans, to
Cuba. It was strongly asserted that
no present purpose existed of sending
any warship there.
Senor Dubosie, the Spanish charge,
I had received no instructions up to 6
| p. m. as to going to New York and
j stopping the Spanish ship Viscaya
| from entering the port, and report* to
this effect were discredited-
84
SPAIN MUST PROVE HER INNOCENCE.
THE DE LOME
INCIDENT CLOSED
LAMENTED
BY SPANISH
GOVERNMENT
It Officially Disclaims
Utterances of the
Ex-Minister.
Abstract of the Note Sent
to Minister Woodford
at Madrid.
Senor Dupuy's Resignation Ac
cepted Before the Demand
for His Recall.
RECIPROCITY IS DESIRED.
Spain Apparently Most Anxious to
Increase Commerce With
Thi3 Country.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington. Feb. 17.
Spain has officially disclaimed in a
positive manner the reflections con
tained in the De Lome letter, and as
officially announced by the State De
partment to-day, the incident is satis
factorily closed. The statement given
out is as follows:
"February 17, 189S.— The following is
an abstract of a note sent last evening
by the Spanish Government to Minis
ter Woodford at Madrid:
"The Spanish Government, on learn
ing of the incident in which Minister
Dupuy de L<mie was concerned, and
being advised of his objectionable com
munication, with entire sincerity la
ments the incident which was the cause
of the interview with the Minister, and
states that Minister de Lome had pre
sented his resignation, and it had been
accepted before the presentation of the
n-.atter by Minister Woodford. That
the Spanish Ministry, m accepting the
resignation of a functionary whose
services they have been utilizing and
valuing up to that time leaves it per
fectly well established that they do not
spare, and rather, on the contrary',
disauthorize the criticisms seem
ing to criticize or censure the chief
executive of a friendly nation, although
euch criticisms had been written within
the field of friendship, and h<:d reached
publicity by artful and criminal means.
That this meaning had taken shape in
a resolution by the council of Ministers
before General Woodford presented the
matter, and at a time when the Span
ish Government had only vague tele
graphic reports concerning the senti
ments alluded to. That the Spanish
nation with equal and greater reason
affirms its views and decision, after
reading the words contained in the let
ter reflecting upon the President of the
United States.
"As to the paragraph concerning the
desirability of negotiations of commer
cial relations, if even for effect, and
importance of using a representative
for the purpose stated in Senor Dupuy
de Lome's letter, the Government ex
pressed concern that in the light of its
conduct, long after the writing of the
letter and in view of the unanswerable
testimony of simultaneous and subse
quent facts, any doubt should exist
that the Spanish Government has given
proof of its real desire and of its in
nermost convictions with respect to the
new commercial system and the pro
jected treaty of commerce.
"That the Spanish Government does
not now consider it necessary to lay
stress upon or to demonstrate anew
the truth and sincerity of its purpose
and the unstained good faith of its in
tentions. That publicly and solemnly
the Government of Spain contracted
before the mother country and its col
onies a responsibility for the political
and tariff changes which it has inaugu
rated in both Antilles, the natural ends
of which in domestic and international
speeches it pursues with firmness, which
•will ever Inspire its conduct."
THE SENATE HAS ACTED.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 17.— The only reference thus far made in
Congress to the disaster to the battle-ship Maine was in the form of
the following resolution introduced to-day by Senator Allen of Neb
raska :
RESOLVED, That the Committed on Naval Affairs be
directed to mnke an immediate and thorough investiga
tion into the cause of the disaster to the battle-ship Maine
in the harbor of Havana on the 15th inst and report to
the Senate.
If the matter -were taken up by the Naval Affairs Committee.
Hale said, the best the committee could do would be to act through
the Navy Department. He was satisfied that as soon as the Secre
tary of the Navy obtained definite information concerning the ex
plosion and its details he would communicate the facts to Congress.
Allen objected to having the resolution sent to the Committee o.n Na
val Affairs.
"We of us," said he, "who are not members of the Naval Affairs
Committee or of the Foreign Relations Committee cannot get infor
mation from the department about these things. We are shut out
as completely as if we were private citizens. I think I ought to get
my information, and I am deeply interested in this matter, through
the Committee on Naval Affairs of this Senate. I do not care to de
bate this matter or to Indulge in any extended discussion of it. What
I want is action by the committee that will give us information."
Chandler of New Hampshire objected to the resolution, and it
went over until to-morrow.
SAN FRANCISCO
MEN WHO ARE
READY FOR WAR
Colonel Huber, F orm^ r 'y of the
National Guard, Says He Can
F^aise a l^egin)er)t of Volun
teers in Short Order.
The war spirit as a consequence of !
the wrecking of the battle-ship Maine ;
in the harbor of Havana is high in San j
Francisco,, and will result in the rais
ing of a regiment composed almost en
tirely of trained men, within a few !
hours after war is declared, in case '
such an event should occur.
Colonel Huber, who has been cnn- !
nected with the National Guard of this j
State for several years past, is at the
head of the project, and will probably '
command the regiment in case a call is :
made for troops. Within the past few !
days he has been in consultation with j
a number of his military friends, and
all have expressed not only a willing
ness, but an eagerness to place them- j
selves under his leadership in case their i
services are needed in defense of the i
honor of the stars and stripes.
No call will be made unless there is j
an actual declaration •of war, but i
enough able-bodied men have been j
guaranteed Colonel Huber to insure the i
raising of a full regiment within twen
ty-four hours after it is known that
he is ready to proceed.
"San Francisco will not be backward
in furnishing men to defend the na
tional honor," said Colonel Huber last
evening, "and I say now, and have said
a number of times, that I was ready
and willing to go to the front at any
time that the call may come.
"To my mind San Francisco is more
patriotic than any city in the Union,
and thousands would volunteer if hos
tilities were declared. I have no doubt
that an advertisement In one issue of
The Call would bring more men than
the country would ask from this sec
tion. I know of enough men now who
are ready and willing to go to the front
to form the nucleus of a regiment, and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
should the declaration of war come. I
shall put the machinery in motion that
will form the first body -of men to en
list in this city." ",-.,/
Colonel Huber was appointed lieuten
ant-colonel of staff at the time that
General James was placed at the head
of the National Guard, and resigned
with his fellow officers when General
Dickinson superseded General James.
Previous to being on the staff, Huber
was major of the Second Artillery Reg
iment, National Guard. f.
• — : —» —
IMPORTANCE OF THE
PRESENT INQUIRY.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
"Dfving operations prevented by rough
weather." This sentence, contained in
a cablegram received at the Navy De
partment from Captain C. D. Sigsbee,
who commanded the Maine, is inter
preted by officials to mean that the
board of investigation convened by
Captain Sigsbee has been unable to
proceed with this important feature of
its work of determining the cause of
the catastrophe. The necessary work
of the board of investigation is prelim
inary in character, and the same
ground It covers will have to be gone
over in accordance with law by a reg
ularly organized court of inquiry. Such
a court was formally appointed to-day
and will organize at Key West either
to-morrow night or Saturday morning,
when its Judge-advocate arrives.
While the Navy Department has not
been officially advised of the investi
gation set under way by Spanish au
thorities in Havana and of the sum
mons served on Captain Sigsbee to ap
pear before the court convened to give
bis testimony relative to the loss of
the Maine, Secretary Long expressed
no doubt to-day that the report to this
effect is correct. The Secretary said
that this action would naturally be
taken by the Spanish authorities.
Other officials with whom I talked
in regard to this matter said that the
Spanish Government would undoubt
edly employ a report of such an in
vestigation, if favorable to the accident
theory, to rebut any demand for indem
nity which would be made by this
Government in case the labors of the
board of investigation and the Thomp
son Court of Inquiry should show that
external causes were responsible for
the disaster. .
OLD NAVAL OFFICERS
ARE VERY FEARFUL
WASHINGTON. Feb. 17.— General
fear is expressed by the old officers at
! the Navy Department that the destruc
! tion of the Maine has been so complete,
! at least in the forward portion of the
ship where the explosion is believed to
; have occurred, that it would be perhaps
impossible to find sufficient evidence
j in the wreck of the hull to be able to
i declare with certainty the cause of the
! disaster.
The reports coming from Havana
j and printed this morning, descriptive
i of the appearance of the wreck yester
i day. strengthen those doubts. The fall
I of the smokestack, the disappearance
j of the big turret guns, the overturning
of the deck forward, all seem to indi
cate that an enormous des»»-"otion has
' occurred below. j
PATRIOTISM
NOT LACKING
Many Active and Retired
Officers Volunteer
Their Services.
National Guardsmen in Va
rious States Also Ready
for Emergency.
In the Event of War With Spain
There Would Be No Scarcity
of Fighters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, Feb. 17.
Beyond taking the usual precautions
nothing has been done by the War De
partment to put the army in readiness
in case of emergency. It is reported
to-night that the Board of Ordnance
and Fortifications will continue its ses
sion, which is now in progress at the
War Department, to consider addi
tional measures of defense, but this re
port cannot be confirmed. It is under
stood that Acting Secretary Meiklejohn
will go to Fort Monroe in a few days
to confer with Secretary Alger. I un
derstand that both the War and Navy
departments are being flooded with tel
egrams from officers on the active and
retired lists applying for such duty
as the departments may desire to give
them in case of war. The receipt of the
applications have been acknowledged,
and the telegrams filed.
TOPEKA, Feb. 17.— Governor Leedy
says: "If President MeKinley decides
to declare war against Spain, in twen
ty-four hours we will have the entire
militia of the State ready to move at
his orders."
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Feb. 17.—Gov
ernor Tanner to-day called on the Leg
islature to authorize him to tender to
the President of the United States the
moral and financial suport of Illinois
"to prevent or to punish any attempt
at a hostile invasion of our country."
At the conclusion (| f the reading of
his message to the Senate there was a
burst of applause from both sides. Fol
lowing is the message:
The news (if the calamity which has
overtaken the United Sta'es battle ship
Maine and its ill-fated crew nils me with
grief and horror, ami I assume that the
General Assembly will, by joint resolu
tion, express the sympathy of the people
of this State for the rallant dead and
wounded of our navy and for the surviv
ing relatives.
1 am unwilling to believe that the loss
of the Maine w..s the result of intention,
and trust that the official investigation
ordered by our Cinvernment may demon
strate that it was due to accidental cause.
In view of the uncertainty which exists
as to this point. It would seem that be
fore the Legislature adjourn sine die It
should authorize the Executive, in behalf
of the Stat<> of Illinois, fo tender whatever
moral and financial support may be nec
essary in this emergency to maintain the
honor of the American flag and to prevent
or punish any attempt at ii hostile inva
sion of our common country.
JOHN P.. TANNER.
Governor.
SALT LAKE, Feb. 17.— Governor
Heber M. Wells said to-night: "The
President has made no inquiry of me
for troops."
ESTRADA PALMA OF THE
CUBAN JUNTA ARRIVES.
Believes the Maine Was Annihilated
by a Torpedo Placed Under Her
Hull.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— A Tampa
(Fla.) special to the Herald says: Es
trada Palma, president of the Cuban
Junta, and Dr. Jose Antonio Gonzales
Lanuzza, secretary of the Cuban lega
tion in the United States, arrived here
to-night from Key West, and will re
main for several days for the purpose
of raising funds for the Cuban cause.
They were met at Port Tampa by a
committee of prominent Cubans and
were greeted in this city by several
hundred Cubans. It was the intention
of the Cubans to have given a grand
demonstration in honor of President
Palma, but on account of the blowing
up of the Maine and the great loss of
life the plan was abandoned.
Hundreds of Cubans have American
and Cuban flags at half-mast, and
there is universal grief over the deplor
able accident.
President Palma said: "It was re
ported when I left Key West yesterday
to have been an accident, but I can
not understand how such an accident
could have occurred on a man-of-war.
I hope that a thorough investigation
will be made at once and the matter
cleared up.
"I do not believe that It was an ac
cident and am inclined to believe that
the explosion did not occur on board
the vessel, but under her hull. If It
proves to have been caused by a tor
pedo placed under the vessel then the
relations between the United States
and Spain should be at once termin
ated.
"What should then be done I do not
care to say, but any one knows what
would follow. The explosion was not
caused by a. Cuban, as some have inti
mated. However anxious the Cubans
may be for the United States to inter-"
fere in the war between Spain and the
Cuban republic no Cuban would re
sort to such wholesale destruction of
life and property. 1 '
President Palma was In Key West
and saw men from the Maine landed
yesterday morning from the Olivette.
The revenue cutters Forward and Mc-
Lane were lying at Port Tampa yes
terday when a telegram was received
by the commander of the Forward, and
both vessels put to sea. It is expected
they have orders to proceed to Key
West.
AMERICAN VESSEL
TO KEEP WATCH.
A Boat Has Been Detailed to Proceed
at Once to the Harbor of
Havana.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— Yesterday
Captain Sigsbee suggested to the Navy
Department, through the commander
at Key West, that it would be well to
detail a lighthouse tender or some such
craft to watch over the wreck of the
Maine.
As the upper works are above water
in places much valuable property is
thus exposed, and the department has
acted upon the suggestion and author
ized one of the vessels now at Havana,
the Mangrove, to be used for the pur
pose.
SUSPICION OF
MAINE'S MEN
Lieutenant Jenkins Made
a Search for Planted
Torpedoes.
Failed to Find Any Evidence of
Mines of Explosives in
the Harbor.
In Her Sheltered Position at Anchorage
the Maine Had Havana at
Her Mercy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
«
NEW YORK, Feb. IT.— A correspond
ent of the Herald, who has just re
turned from Havana, said to-day:
"When the Maine entered the harbor of
Havana one of the first officers I met
was Lieutenant Jenkins, the represen
tative of the bureau of naval intelli
gence, who asked me for information
relative to the defenses of the place,
which I gladly furnished him.
"The point on which Lieutenant Jen
kins was most anxious to secure ac
curate information was whether the
harbor had been planted with torpedoes
or fixed with submarine mines. The
lieutenant made many inquiries on this
subject in quarters which I suggested,
and when I asked him some days later
what had been the result of his in
vestigation, he said:
" 'I am under the impression that the
harbor has not been planted with tor
pedoes, but it is impossible to be ab
solutely certain on this point. If any
torpedoes exist it is probable that they
have been placed in the channel near
the entrance of the harbor, where they
could be exploded either by contact by
electrical connection with one of the
forts so as to destroy a ship attempt
ing to force an entrance.
" 'Situated as the Maine is, she is abso
lutely sheltered from the fire of all the
forts and batteries, and holds the city
absolutely at her mercy. It is, of
course, possible that the Spanish engi
neers may have taken into considera
tion the contingency of a vessel being
able to force her way into the harbor
as far up as the man-of-war anchor
age and have planted torpedoes there.
I am disposed, however, to think this
has not been done. If it has, all we can
do is to keep a bright lookout and take
our chances. Luckily we don't lie in
very deep water, and if we sink we can
still work our guns.'
"Captain Slgsbee said to me: 'I have
given this question of torpedoes the
most careful consideration, and my in
telligence officer. Lieutenant Jenkins,
agrees with me that it is improbable
that torpedoes are planted in the har
bor or at any rate In our vicinity. There
is one thing that pives me confidence.
That is this — the Maine only has five
feet of water under her keel, and if a
hole is blown in her bottom she can
only be down to that extent. That will
leave our main deck above water, and
with our ten-inch turret guns capable
of being "pointed in any direction, we
can still have Havana at our mercy,
and can utterly destroy the city with
our ship resting on the bottom.'
"When the Maine came in she was In
charge of a Spanish pilot, who, if there
were any torpedoes or mines placed in
the harbor, must unquestionably have
been informed with absolute accuracy
as to their location. Under charge of
this pilot the ship was conducted to
buoy No. 4, adjoining the berth occu
pied by the Spanish flagship Alfonso
XIII. No particular reason has been
advanced for the selection of this buoy,
which was not used by the German war
ship Stein, which came to Havana be
fore the Maine. The nearest vessel was
the Alfonso XIII, which is onlysupplied
with bow and stern tubes, which could
not be brought to bear against the
Maine unless the force of the tide hap
pened to cause the flagship to drift
either»bo\v or stern on toward the
American. The only other Spanish
warship in the harbor was a torpedo
gunboat lying up the harbor off the
arsenal and more than half a mile
away. Like the flagship she had no
motive power, her boilers being dis
abled and awaiting repair. At the ar
senal wharves lay three or four small
torpedo gunboats, but all out of com
mission and undergoing repairs."
STEPHEN M. WHITE
VERY CONSERVATIVE.
CHICAGO, Feb. 17.— Senator Stephen
M. White of California, who passed
through the city to-day on his way
home, talked freely of the interna
tional difficulty that presents itself,
due to the destruction of the Maine,
he does not view the situation with
alarm, and does not believe there Is
any Spanish treachery behind It.
"It is foolish to come to any hasty
conclusions as to who is responsible for
the wrecking of the Maine," said he.
"There is nothing to prove that the
Spanish Government was at all con
nected with the affair, and I do not
believe that it was. Suppose the explo
sion was the result of a torpedo, it
might have been the work of some hot
headed Spaniard, whose act no one was
responsible for except himself; and In
that case there would be no cause for
war.
"Of course Spain is responsible for
the actions of her subjects, and some
reparation will be necessary, which, I
believe she will be willing to make.
Conservatism is the best policy, and
this Is what the administration will
follow. W r hat would be the use of open
ing war? What would be gained by it?
There is no use of sacrificing any more
lives, for, even if they were Spanish
lives, they wouldn't atone for the dead
heroes who lost their lives by the ac
cident.
"President McKinley has shown too
much friendship toward the Spanish
for that Government to deliberately
plan to destroy one of our warships,
and it does not appear reasonable for
them to have done so. I think an in
vestigation will show Spain had no
connection with it.'
"Spain is in no condition toantagonize
the United States, and it must realize
this. There could only be one result In
case of war. Spain has everything to
lose and nothing to gain. All things
considered it is quite Improbable that
the Spanish Government was connected
with the affair."
Carried Off on. the Ice.
COPENHAGEN, Feb. 17. -Advices re
ceived from Helslngford say a tract of Ice
on the coast of the Gulf of Finland broke
adrift In a snow storm and was carried
to sea with 200 fishermen and several
horses.
LIEUTENANT
BLANDIN'S
NARRATIVE
Tells of tf}e Horrors After
tr;e Explosion on
the Maine.
Captain Sigsbee, Cool as Though)
in a Ballroom, Calmly Di
rected the Rescue
of Sean)en.
KEY WEST, Feb. 17.— lieutenant
John J. Blandin of Baltimore, one of
the Maine's survivors, who is at the
Key West Hotel, to-day gave a suc
cinct account of the disaster, saying
that not until now has he been able to
recollect the sequence of events in the
awful ten minutes following the ex
plosion Tuesday evening. Lieutenant
Blandin was on the Trenton at the time
»f the disaster off Samoa in March, 18S9,
when American and German vessels
lost 244 men all told. Lieutenant Blan
din says:
"I was on watch, and, when the men
had been piped below, I looked down
the main hatches and over the side of
the ship. Everything was absolutely
normal. I walked aft to the quarter
deck, behind the rear turret, as allowed
after 8 o'clock in the evening, and sat
down on the port side, where I re
mained for a few minutes. Then for
some reason I cannot explain to myself
now I moved to the starboard side and
sat down there. I was feeling a bit
glum, and, in fact, was so quiet that
Lieutenant J. Hood came up and asked
laughingly if I was asleep. I said:
'No, I am on watch.'
"Scarcely had" I spoken when there
came a dull, sullen roar. Would to
God I could blot out the sound and the
scenes that followed. Then came a
sharp explosion, some say numerous
detonations. I can remember only one.
It seemed to me that the sound came
from the port side forward. Then came
a perfect rain of missiles of all kluus,
from huge pieces of cement Co I: 1 ""''"
of wood, steel railings, fragments of
gratings and all the debris that would
be detachable in an explosion.
"I was struck on the head by a piece
of cement and knocked down, but I was
not hurt and got to my feet in a mo
ment. Lieutenant Hood had run to
the poop and, I supposed as I followed,
he was dazed, by the shock and about
to jump overboard. I hailed him and
he answered that he had run te the
poop to help lower the boats.
"When I got there, though scarce a
minute could have elapsed, I had to
wade in water to my knees, and almost
instantly the quarterdeck was awash.
On the poop I found Captain Sigsbee,
as cool as if at a ball, and soon all the
officers except Jenkins and Merritt
joined us. The poop was above water
after the Maine settled to the bottom.
Captain Sigsbee ordered the launch
and barge lowered, and officers and
men, who had by this time assembled,
got the boats out and rescued a number
in the water.
"Captain Sigsbee ordered Lieutenant-
Commander Wain wright forward to see
the extent ot the damage, and if any
thing could be done to rescue those for
ward ot to extinguish the flames, which
followed close upon the explosion and
burned fiercely as long as there was
any combustibles above water to feed
them. „„ ,
"Lieutenant-Commander Wainwrlght
on his return reported the totaL and
awful character of the calamity, and
Captain Sigsbee gave the last sad or
der 'Abandon ship,' to men overr
whelmed with grief, indeed, but, calm
and apparently unexcited.
"Meantime four boats from the Span
ish cruiser Alfonso XIII arrived, to be
followed soon by two from the Ward
liner City of Washington. The two
boats lowered from the City of Wash
ington were found to be riddled with
flying debris from the Maine and unfit
for use. Captain Sigsbee was the last
man to leave his vessel and left in his
own gig.
"I have no theories as to the cause of
the explosion. I cannot form any. An
examination by divers may tell some
thing to a court of inquiry. I wlth.oth
ers had heard that the Havana harbor
was full of torpedoes, but the officers
whose duty it was to examine into
that reported that they found no signs
of any. Personally, I do not believe
the Spanish had anything to do with
the disaster. Time may tell. I hope
so.
"We were in a delicate position on
the Maine so far as taking any precau
tions were concerned. We were friends
in a friendly, or alleged friendly, port,
and could not fire upon or challenge the
approach of any boat boarding us un
less convinced that her intention was
hostile.
"I wish to heaven I could forget it.
I have been in two wrecks now, and
have had my share. But the reverber
ation of that sullen yet resonant roar,
as If the bottom of the sea were groan
ing in torture, will haunt me for a day,
and the reflection of that pillar of
flames comes to me even when I close
my eyes."
The officers of the Maine here are at
the hotels or with army and navy
friends' and the seamen and others have
been provided for at the barracks, or
have been sent to the cruiser New
York. A distribution of clothing will
be made to them as soon as possible.
The officers can buy all they want here
in the way of clothing.
Regarding the explosion, the officers
of the Maine are reticent. They ara
evidently under orders to keep quiet
on the subject, but the men talk more
freely, and they, including the petty of
ficers of the Maine, are almost unani*
mous in insisting that the explosion,
was caused by a large torpedo planted
before the Maine arrived at Havana.
The naval men here say that would
be possible, but not likely. The an
chorage for the Maine was designated
by a buoy and the location of the buoy
was fixed by the harbor officials. It is
added that any of the officials, perfect
ly posted as to the currents and tides,
might plant a torpedo at night so that,
under certain conditions of tide, it
would be under the forward part of the
Maine as she swung to her moorings.
Once planted, it is further stated, such
a torpedo could be exploded from the
shore or from a boat at any time fixed
upon by those in the secret. All this,
however, is regarded as being unlikely
to occur and as being almost impossi
ble without the collusion of the Spanish
officials.
The anthracite coal here for the sup
ply of the United States warships is
being overhauled in a search for infer
nal machines. It is pointed out, how
ever, that the Maine took her coal on
board here a week ago and that It Is
not likely that the mechanism of any
infernal machine would delay action so
long.
IRVING M SCCTi' GUARDED.
Says Any Torr**"*- "".Tuulcl Have Suf
licient Force to Penetrate the
Maine.
Irving M. Scott, of the Union Iron
Works, in speaking of the disaster,
said:
"I do not believe that the time has
arrived for me to speak intelligently as
to the causes of the explosion, for IV
am not sufficiently acquainted with theT
facts in the case. There is no doubt,
however, that if a torpedo was exploded
under the ship, the concussion would be
be sufficient to cause an explosion in
the magazine. This explosion would
have blown the hole in the side of the
ship. I cannot say as to what caused
the eight-inch hole that was found in
the vessel. I do not know if any tor
pedoes are made of that size, but any
torpedo would have sufficient force to
penetrate the side of the Maine. Theor
ies avail nothing, however, and I have
no opinion as to what caused the ac
cident."
LOSS OF SLEEP
LOSS OF SLEEP
LOSS OF SLEEP
I LOSS OF SLEEP
MAKES LOSS OF SLEEP
MEN LOSS OF SLEEP
WEAK - 1 LOSS OF SLEEP
LOSS OF SLEEP
LOSS OF SLEEP
LOSS OF SLEEP
WHEN A MAN TOSSES IN BED ALL,
night and 1b unable to sleep until the we«
small hours In the morning, he finds himself. |
getting weaker and weaker dally. He will have
pains In the back, pains In the shoulder, bleary
blocd-rhot eyes, and he will be melancholy. He
will start at the least nnlse; he will be sub-
ject to the whims and fancies of an Irritated
man. When In this condition It shows abuse;
the man has abused himself: has over-worked
or over-harassed the mind and body. When In
this condition the man needs a sure and
rational treatment. He will find
HUDYAN
Is Just what Is needed. He will call to the
doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute or
write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudyan Cures
Nervous Debility,
Diseases and Disa-
bilities of Men.
BLOOD POISON The absolute cure for
BLOOD POISON Blood Poison In first.
BLOOD POISON secondary or tertiary
BLOOD POISON form Is the 30-day cure.
BLOOD POISON Consult the Hudson Doc-
BLOOD POISON tors or write for 30-day
BLOOD POISON cure circulars.
HUDSON MEDiCAL INSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton. Market ami Ellis Streets
BK ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FRI% ™
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FRER.
BE i DVISBD BY HUDSON DOCTORS FRES.
BF3 ADVISED BY HUDSON' DOCTORS FREE.
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FREE.
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FREE.
BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FREE.
1 BE ADVISED BY HUDSON DOCTORS FRfiA.DESTROYED BY DESIGN.
THE MAN
WHO BUILT
THE MAINE
CAPTAIN FRANK L. FERNALT).
Captain Frank L. Fernald. the recently retired Naval Constructor of
the ' lies navy, who superintended the finishing construction of
the battle-ship Maine at the Brooklyn Navy-yard, in an interview yes
terday at his residence, 3214 Washington street, said to a representa
tive of The Call:
'"Congress should immediately make an appropriation of a million
dollars If necessary to raise and drydock the Maine. The ship is not
worth that money, nor half of it for that matter, but there are two
reasons why she should be raised.
"First, the only way to obtain a satisfactory investigation Into the
causes of the explosion will be to raise the vessel. If this is not done
then the word of the diver is all that this country has to depend upon,
and it would not flo to go to war just upon the word of a diver. If the
Maine is raised I believe the cause of the explosion can be definitely
determined.
"Secondly, by raising- the ship naval experts will be given an object
n tflsrt will be of untold value to them. If she was sunk by the ex
plosion of a torpedo alone, we will have a practical illustration of its
force and destructive power to ironclad vessels when exploded directly
under them. If the explosion occurred in the magazine alone the re
sults of such an accident will be forcibly impressed upon the minds of
naval architects. If it was due to any fault in the construction of the
vessel it will thus be discovered, and the result will be of vast benefit
to the designers of future ships. The Government, for these reasons
and others, owes it to the people to have the Maine raised so that all
doubts may be set at rest."
No man Is better prepared to express
an opinion as to what caused the ex
plosion that sunk the Maine than Cap
tain Frank L. Fernald. but he is a
careful and conservative gentleman
ar.d weighs well all he has to say.
To a representative of The Call he
discussed the national calamity in a
calm and impartial manner, and while
from a theoretical point he was willing
to affirm or deny any inquiry he would
not commit himself with any sensa
tional statement. But there was back
of Captain Fernald's impartial and
calm manner the potent suggestion
that deep in his mind lurked the sus
picions that foreign treachery was
responsible for the disaster. He
made no charges against Spain or its
agents, but so conclusive were his the
ories to show that an exterior explosion
must first have occurred before any
explosion could have taken place in the
magazine that the mind is naturally
forced to revert to the torpedo or mine
theory.
Captain Fernald is of the impression
that the explosion did not occur In the
magazine first, or that it was the only
explosion. When asked why he thought
thus he replied:
"You must know that the strictest
discipline existed aboard th<* ship, and
every precaution was taken to insure
the safety of the magazines. Espe
cially was this the case on the Maine,
lying as she then was in the harbor of
a country toward which our feelings
are none too friendly. I cite this fact
to Bhow that there could have been no
access to the magazine except to those
v.-ho had a right to go into it. The
construction of the Maine forbids en
tertaining the Idea that the explosion
could have been caused through any
fault in that direction. None of the
THIS IS THE LAST DAY.
THE CALL'S great offer of "Scrib-
ner's History of trje United States" at
over 40 per cent discount fron) the reg-
ular price closes to-day. Remember,
you will never have another opportunity
to buy at so low a price. Only $1.50
down, balance $2.00 per roonth) for 8
months; r^alf n)orocco, $2.00 down and
$3.00 per n)ontt) for 8 roonthjs.
Examine the worK at roon) 1208 Claus
Sprecke's Building.
Special Notice to Out-of-Town Readers.
We will accept orders dated not later
than February 22. Full sets sent on
approval free of expense. State binding
preferred.
THE CALL HISTORY DEPARTMENT.
electrical wires enter the magazine,
and the coal bunkers, with almost her
metically sealed bulkheads, separate it
from the engines.
"This precludes the fire or spark the
ory of ignition, and if it was one of the
engines that exploded first there must
of a necessity have been some time be
fore the magazine exploded. The idea
of smoldering fire in the coal bunkers
is not worth considering. This, had it
been the case, would have been dis
covered. You must remember that
every one was even more upon the
watch than usual. Now, I am of the
opinion that the magazine certainly ex
ploded — this was the forward one — and
I do not believe that it would have ex
ploded as the result of any other explo
sion. This fact brings up the question
where were stowed the twelve torpe
does* that the Maine carried? I cannot
remember that any especial provision
was made for them.
"This only serves to complicate the
many theories. Had the explosion
been entirely from the interior of the
vessel she would not have settled as
fast as she did. The Maine contained
no auxiliary boilers, and here is an
other fact that tends to exclude any
idea that the explosion was the result
of any direct Interior cause.
"The torpedo and mine theories are
the most plausible, but it would be
cruel to hint at Spanish connivance.
The harbor may be full of mines, and
any despicable wretch may have been
mean enough to explode one of them
without the knowledge or sanction of
any officials of the Spanish Govern
ment.
"I know Captain Sigsbee well. He Is
a competent and truthful officer, and
the public should wait the results of
the investigation that is to be held, for
in the mass of rumors and counter
rumors it is hard to form a correct
opinion as to the cause of the explo
sion. From the appearance of the side
of the vessel, whether her side is blown
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
in or out, it will be easy to determine
if a torpedo was exploded under her."
THE POWER OF THE TORPEDO.
Wonderful Destructive Force of the
Most Deadly Instrument of
Modern Warfare.
The destructive power of the torpedo
I is not a mere matter of conjecture, and
i when put to work in a confined space
|In the solid earth or directed under
! water against any floating or solid ob
ject the damage it* causes is simply
phenomenal, when the small quantity
of explosive material is considered.
Torpedoes played an important part in
our civil war. several vessels being de
stroyed by contact with submarine
mines or through the agency of spar
torpedoes, or a submarine boat provid
ed with a torpedo. One notable In
stance is that of the Housatonic, sunk
off Charleston February 17, 1864, by a
rebel torpedo boat. The description of
the diver subsequently sent down was
that he found a hole in the ship's side
between wind and water of about eight
feet square.
During the Russo-Turkish war the
Russians were successful In several in
stances in destroying Turkish vessels,
but it was not until the revolution in
Chile broke out in 1891 that the sink
ing of the Blanco Encalada by a tor
pedo illustrated the tremendous de
struetiveness of this under-water pro
jectile.
On April 23, 1891, the Blanco Enca
lada. while lying at a buoy in Caldera
Bay, was struck by a Whitehead tor
pedo fired from the gunboat Almirante
Lynch. The latter was only 100 yards
distant, and the torpedo struck the
Blanco Encalada amidshlp, sending the
ship at the bottom in less than five min
utes. The attack was made at mid
night, and although the ship"s crew
was up and serving the guns to repel
the attack, yei 120 lives were lost by
the sinking of the ship. The Blanco
Encalada sank in forty-five feet of
water, and the divers sent down re
ported an irregular shaped hole in the
hull 22 feet in length by 9 to 12 feet in
width. The vessel was subsequently
raised and repaired.
A still later incident is that of the
Brazilian turret armorclad Aquidaban,
a smaller vessel, but similar in design
to the Riaemullo and the Maine. On
April 16, 1594, the Aquidaban was at
tacked by nine Government vessels off
Santa Catharina Straits, coast of Bra
zil. Several torpedc s were launched
against the rebel ship, but only one hit
her, fired at a distance of twenty yards.
The torpedo fired was of the Schwartz
kopf type, containing a charge of 125
pounds of guncotton. It struck the
vessel on the purt side, twenty feet
from the stern, and she at once settled
down by the head in 24 feet of water.
The watertight compartments aft of
where the damage was done fulfilled
their intention and the officers and
crew managed to escape. Shortly after
the ship was raised, and after a tem
porary' overhauling was able to proceed
under her own steam to Rio Janeiro,
where she was docked and repaired.
The accompanying illustration shows
the part of the bow of the vessel and
the extent of the damage to the hull.
The torpedo struck about twenty feet
from the bow and the injuries extend
ed thirty feet aft. The protective deck
was uninjured, but all the plate frames
and longitudinals on the port side were
crushed inward and the forward
watertight bulkhead was carried
away, but the next bulkhead stood in
tact and only two compartments were
flooded. The extent of the hole in a
perpendicular direction was about
twelve feet. The ship being built of
steel and sheathed with wood three
inches thick, it will be observed that
the ragged and splintered ends of the
planking make the hole appear much
larger than it was in the hull proper,
as the concussion ripped off and broke
the planking-, but the actual size of the
opening made in the hull was about
sixteen feet in length and twelve feet
in width. On the starboard bow, about
two feet above the keel and on a line
where the torpedo struck, was a hole
two feet in diameter, leading to the
reasonable assumption that the tor
pedo had penetrated the hull and made
its exit.
Assuming as an illustration that the
sinking of the Maine was primarily
due to a torpedo it may be readily seen
how such a missile directed against
that part of the ship containing the
magazines, shell rooms and gun-cotton
storeroom would affect the contents of
all these compartments. An explosion
would naturally result from such a di
rect concussion which would shatter
the bottom and demolish all transverse
and longitudinal bulkheads forward of
the forward boiler compartment and
cause the ship to sink at once. In the
cases of the Blanco Encalda and the
Aquldaban the blow from the torpedo
was not struck near the magazine
and shell rooms, and as a consequence
the ships though disabled and sunk
were not destroyed beyond repairs, and
the harrowing sequence in the Maine
catastrophe did not happen to these
ships. It is curious to note that those
three explosions and sinking of ships
took place at night.
The work of the torppdo in the
Japan-China war is a repetition and
demonstration of its frightful effective
ness. Its mission is not to penetrate a
ship's hull, but to explode Its charge
when brought In direct contact with
the objective body, and its work of de
struction far exceeds that of an eigh
teen-inch hole, its own diameter.
STEPS TO GUARD
• THE SPANISH CRUISER.
No Torpedo Will Be Sent Hurrying
Through the Water at Night
to Sink the Viscaya.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— Spain's pow
erful cruiser, the Vlzcaya, which is
expected to arrive to-morrow, will be
carefully guarded while In port by
Government tups manned by United
States marines and the shore near
her anchorage will be patrolled by de
tectives.
Lieutenant Sharp, representing As
sistant Secretary of the Navy Roose
velt, called at police headquarters just
after midnight and asked to see the
official in charge. He was accompanied
by an ensign, who did not give his
name and by a man of dark beard and
complexion, who, it is thought, was an
attache of the Spanish Legation. Lieu
tenant Sharp conferred with Captain
Vreedenburg for half an hour. The
captain declined to discuss the matter
afterward.
It was learned, however, that the
lieutenant said Mr. Roosevelt had di
rected that two Government tugs be
detailed to patrol the water about the
Vizcaya during her stay in port.
He desired the Chief of Police to as
sign detectives to duty at points along
the shore, in order to make any annoy
ance or any untoward accident impos
sible.
This precaution, it is thought, is due
to a desire to prevent curious persons
or cranks from approaching the cruiser
or the boats which may ply between
ship and shore. The tugs will be
manned by marines. No steps were
taken in the matter by the police to
night, but the lieutenant's request will
be submitted to Chief McCullagh, who
will assign the necessary detectives In
the morning.
MAGAZINE
EXPLOSION
UNLIKELY
Chief Engineer Jones Tells
of the Precautions to
Guard Explosives
on a Warship.
BOSTON, Feb. 17.— William R. Jones,
a chief engineer of the United States
navy, who assisted in fitting out the
battleship Maine, said to The Call cor
respondent to-day:
"There are certain facts that must be
taken into consideration. In the first
place I do not see how it was possible
for the magazine to explode. This por
tion of the ship Is guarded with the
greatest restrictions, both as regards
construction and regulations about en
tering the room. Owing to the nature
of the explosives and projectiles em
ployed for modern guns, the magazines
are located near the battery, so that the
ammunition can be conveyed to the
turrets as conveniently as possible.
"The magazines are built very solid
and are thoroughly insulated from all
electric wires. In fact no wires or
lights of any description are permitted
In the room. Light is furnished
through a glass bulkhead near which,
but not attached to tne walls, is an
electric light. The place is carefully
watched, and to enter the roams re
quires the concurrence of three or four
officers.
"The papers says that it was an acci
dent. I do not understand what acci
dent could take place If the regulations
were observed. It would be next to
impossible for the magazine to be fired
by electricity from the dynamo. In the
first place, the room is thoroughly in
sulated. Again the powder is so sealed
up that no speck could reach it. A
fire in the coal bunkers that had got
beyond control might ignite the pow
der, but every part of the ship is pro
tected by electric fire indicators, and
they would give warning of such dan
ger.
"The Maine carried about 300 tons of j
ammunition, but this includes the
weight of the projectiles. There were
also torpedoes on board. As far as the
theory of an outward attack is con
cerned' the statement that a fierce fire
raged would ups.-t this idea. A torpedo
exploded beneath the vessel would
crush in the two hulls, which are
braced together on the bracket system.
It is hardly possible that such an ex
plosion under wat--r would cause any
fire or ignite the magazine. If the tor
pedo had been fired under the bow of
the ship that portion of the ship would
have been crushed in and the compart
ment filled with water. At 8 o'clock
every night the water- tight compart
ments are closed and clamped down.
To sink the ship by the how it would be
necessary to blow in several of the
compartments.
"On the other hand, an explosion
from within would have caused fire,
and it is surprising how much of a
blaze the small amount of woodwork
on board a steel ship will create. Then
again, it would have been more likely
to blow in the compartment doors. But
here again we run across the question:
How could there be an explosion of
sufficient force to bring about the re
sults accomplished unless the magazine
was fired? And that la scarcely in the
bounds of possibility.
"The theory of an infernal machine
in the bunkers does not seem plausible
to me. If such a thing had happened
it must have been done in an American
port, where the ship coaled. It would
be next to impossible to accomplish
such a thing in the harbor of Havana."
MANY MESSAGES
OF CONDOLENCE
From Various Parts of the World
Come Sincere Expressions of
Sympathy.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— A number
of messages have been received at the
State Department from foreign Gov
ernments expressing regrets In connec
tion with the Maine disaster. Among
them are the following:
Secretary of State: I have the honor
to inform you that I am commanded by
the Queen to convey to the President the
expression of Her Majesty's sympathy
with the American people on the occa
sion of the sad disaster which has befall
en their navy by the loss of the battle
ship Maine and of so many members of
her crew. I reauest that you will be
good enough to transmit the above mess
age to its high destination.
I have the honor to be, with the high
est consideration, sir, your most obedient
humble servant.
JULIAN PAUNCEFOTB.
SANTIAGO DB CUBA, Feb. 17, 189 S.
Day, Washington: Archbishop Saens
expresses sympathy for Maine disaster.
HYATT.
Legation of the Republic of Haytl.
Secretary of State: The news of the
sad accident which has befallen the
Maine has deeply touched me, and I beg
leave to express my condolence and sym
pathy with the families of the unfortun
ate victims. My Government cannot fall
to feel deep concern on account of the
loss which the United States has Just ex
perienced. Be pleased to accept, Mr. Sec
retary of State, tho assurances of my
highest consideration. J. N. LEGER.
BERLIN. Feb. 17, 1898.
President United States, Washington:
Let me express my sincore sympathy to
you and your country at the terrible lqes
of the Maine and th<« death of so many
brave officers and men of your nary.
WILLIAM 11.
Legation of the Greater Republic of Cen
tral America.
Secretary of State: I have received In
structions from the Diet of the Greater
Republic of Central America to inform
the Supreme Government of the United
States of America, through your Excel
lency, that both it and the Governments
of the States which compose that cepub
llc feel profound regret on account of the
disaster which befell the Maine night be
fore last In the port of Havana. In obey
ing these instructions, I take oleasure in
renewing to you. Mr. Secretary, the as
surances of my highest consideration.
LOUIS F. COREA.
LONDON, Feb. 17.
Sherman, Secretary, Washington: The
First Lord of the Admiralty requests me to
express admiralty's and his personal sym
pathy with our Government and navy in
the loss of the Maine. Various members
of the diplomatic body, including Spanish
Embassador, have expressed regret.
WHITE.
LONDON, Feb. 17.
Sherman, Secretary, Washington: Prince
and Princess of Wales reauest me to
convey to the President and Secretary
of the Navy the expression of sorrow of i
their Highnesses at the terrible accident
Which has happened to the Maine and of i
their profound sympathy with them and ;
the whole American nation at the occur
rence. HENRY WHITE.
Imperial Legation of Turkey.
Secretary of State: Charge d* Affaires ad
interim of Turkey has the- honor to con
vey to his Excellency, the Secretary of
State, the deepest regrets of the Otto
man Government on account of the de
plorable accident which has befallen the
Maine.
February 17, 1898.
PARIS, Feb. 17.
Sherman. Secretary, Washington: Pres
ident Faure asked personal interview, in
which he requesteu me to express his
warmest sympathy and profound sense of I
condolence to President McKinley re- i
gardlng the appalling catastrophe to the j
Maine, and to convey an assurance that
the French people, especially the French
navy, are deeply touched by the death
of the gallant officers and men who lost
their lives at their post of duty.
PORTER.
LONDON, Feb. 17.
Sherman, Secretary, Washington: I
have received the following message
from the Duke of Oonnaught: "Pray ac
cept my sincere sympathy at the terrible
accident which has befallen the warship
Maine. I deeply deplore the loss which
your navy and country have sustained."
WHITE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.
Secretary of State: The undersigned
committee of Spanish residents of New
York respectfully tender sincere sym
pathy and regret for the dreadful disaster
to the Maine, with appalling loss of life.
JOSE F. NAVARBO. Chairman,
ANTONIO CUYAS, Secretary,
ARTURO CUYAS.
CVIADRO E. CASTILLO.
For the Committee.
Secretary Long received the follow
ing cablegram from the Russian Min
ister of Marine at St. Petersburg:
I have just received the news of the
Maine's terrible disaster. I beg you to
accept my own and the Russian "navy's
sincere sympathy and condolence.
VICE-ADMIRAL P. TYRLOW,
Minister of Marine.
Secretary Long received the following
during the day:
I regret with all my soul the horrible
catastrophe of the Maine, and send my
condolence for the victims and their fam
ilies. Spanish navy is in mourning for
American navy.
SOBRAL.
Naval Attache, Spanish Navy.
PREMIER SAGASTA
IS DEEPLY GRIEVED.
Expresses the Sorrow of the Spanish
Government Over the Maine
Disaster.
NEW YORK, Feb. 18.— The Madrid
correspondent of the World sent the
following authorized statement by
Prime Minister Sagasta:
"We are grieved and painfully sur
prised by the catastrophe to the Maine.
We feel it doubly, because the sad oc
currence took place in our waters.
"We cannot forget the sympathy
that was shown to us by America
when we lost our cruiser Reina Re-
and the Minister of Marine has
"conveyed to General Wood ford the con
dolence of the Spanish navy. Our rep
resentative in Washington will convey
to the American Government the sym
pathy of our sovereign nation and
Government. You have noticed how
general and sincere has been the atti
tude of our press in commenting upon
this unfortunate catastrophe. I feel
confident that this equally friendly
conduct of the authorities and people
of Havana will go a great way to con
vince America that we sympathize with
her mourning for the gallant crew and
officers of the Maine."
Mayor Orders Flags Half-Masted.
Mayor Phelan ordered the flags on
the City Hall to be placed at half-mast
yesterday in token of the city's regret
at the death of the brave sailors who
went down In the ill-fated Maine.
Clinkers
In the grate put out the fire. Dead
tissue clogs and poisons the body. It
must be expelled by skin, bowels, kid-
neys and lungs or the first slight sick-
ness will soon develop into a very serious
matter. A cold checks the action of
these organs. They need that health-
ful stimulant,
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey,
which prudent people know to be a
shield against grip, bronchitis and pneu-
monia and other ailments on the winter
list. It prevents congestion and gives
appetite. Just what is needed when
coughing, fever and short breath give
warning of danger.
Sold by druggists and Grocers.
.. ._.-._; „_;_... ._„....
the emporium:.
**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥**>%
■
Miss Marie Dohrman, Soprano, will sing at the Concert Sat ur- ♦
day evening, February igth. " $
I Next week positively the last opportunity of seeing- "The 'Black- «
smith," De Lor me' s famous $50,600 painting. • *
A TWO DAYS' SALE EX-
TRAORDINARY of the |
BRIGHTEST arid DAINT-i
lEST of RIBBONS FRESH!
FROM the LOOMS. I
,7. : : . .' ' • .•-.-. *'
Ribbons will be used more than ever this spring dresses *
: will > be trimmed with them — the new model hats from Paris are
almost entirely trimmed with them — Sashes were never in such «
high favor— Fringed Scarfs for the neck. J
• We' opened three cases of Spring Ribbons Wednesday, ♦
which included some beautiful new Jacquand Bayaderes in *
stripes and plaids; choice Gauze Ribbons for dress trimmings; 41
Fringed Sashes and some charming patterns for neckwear and ♦
: millinery — First showing to-day. ■• ; £
FOR TWO DAYS ONLY. !
Beginning at 8 o'clock Friday morning, aud-uni/l we ♦
' close Saturday night, we offer— %
All-silk 4-inch Fancy Ribbons — plaids and checks — Moire and Roman <•
effects — all new styles. Not less than 3000 yards to select from, at.... -sr *&
' * * :"*-*." " " " * ,*
Very latest style Fancy Ribbons, in plaids, gauze checks and stripes.
Not less than 2000 yards to select from, and cannot be duplicated for t r 4*
anything near the selling price :.......... ODC '<#
2300 pieces of Silk, Satin and Gros-Grain Ribbons of the best quality — *
in a particularly large assortment of colorings. v^- : 21
At 5c— 550 pieces No. 7, width \y x inches; worth 10c a yarJ. *
At 7»/<c — pieces No. 9, width 1% inches; worth 12^'c a yard. .. 3,
At — 600 pieces of No. 16, 2% inches wide ; worth 20c a yard.
Atl2^c 700 pieces No. 22, zy 2 inches wide ; worth 25c a yard. . <&
On sale in Main Aisle of the rotunda— 75 feet of *
extra counter space for these two days, and extra sales- %
people to wait on you. %
_ ! —- , . « •
Children^ Union ! 75c Storm Serge *
Suits for 39c. 50c for Two Days, |
On Friday and Saturday \ On Friday and Saiurdav, %
we will sell in the tin- if the lot lasts that long, we*
derwear Department, first totfZ sell— ... ...-. ■ *
floor—-- '■' '"■ ' " '- :v: v - ■•■" 16 pieces of 53-inch all pure wool X
'-' '~-s ( ' ■ -.-■■: Storm Serge in ".dark and ' medium
Children's Jersey. Ribbed Union heavy navy only. Tnis is the Serge <>
— ecru and natural gray— senms that created' such a furor two weeks < ;
all covered— pearl buttons silk tape ! ago, when we offered It for one day *
around the, neck — all sizes for children ; only at 50c a yard. At 75c a yard ♦
from 3 to 9 years — those that on ' there is no better value in the rc\ *
were 50c a suit f0r..... /C ' city. For 2 days the price wll! be.. OUC T
BUTTER AND EGG SALE. |
Friday and Saturday only these extraordinary. Gro- %
eery Specials. . . *
The very best Fancy Ranch Eggs — on Friday and Saturday 2 *yr~ 2,
dozen f0r.......... ...'.... LOO.
The finest Creamery Butter made— on. Friday and Saturday ar- *
.................: : 4oc *
Your money cheerfully refunded if you are not J
satisfied. *
Best Quality Klondike Outfits J
At the lowest prices which the best can be sold' for. Send for our +>
profusely illustrated Klondike book containing new map, routes, di&- ♦
tances, where best . claims are and their value, how to outfit,' new ■*,
mining laws, steamer fares, etc., etc. ♦
Free, city or country, upon application . by postal or letter to %■
Advertising 'Bureau, The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar, San ♦
Francisco. • • , ■ :
:— _ , :—.: — . ,, — _ .—. — ; — _ .. — __ — • ' «
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar. *
- There was • a clergyman in -a. Long Island village who suf- '.
fered from dyspepsia to such an extent that it positively seemed
sometimes as though his doctrine was not sound. It was, however,
only a stomach trouble, and had nothing to do with the mind.
Being convinced of this, one of his parishioners, a lady, presented
him with a small quantity of Ripans Tabules and the relief he ex-
perienced was such that all the congregation noticed an improve-
: ment, and now, although his salary is small, this clergyman and
his wife devote a portion of it to keeping the medicine closet
stocked with a suitable supply of ; Ripans Tabules. Doubtless
there are many cases where what has'; been thought heresy was in ,
fact nothing more nor less than dyspepsia, Ripans Tabules euro
dyspepsia. One gives relief.
▲ Off WTTIM PACKET COIT AUTOS 10 TASCIJM W A PAPHI CiRTOS (WITHOUT OLAM>
14 JQW FOB lALB AT NIB MU» HOBBY-rOB FIT* C»T».
5
THE EMPORIUM.6
F RIDAY .7- F E BRUARY 18, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU, S F-
Telephone Main 18681
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 'DAILY AND SUNDAY* Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for" 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year, per month
€5 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by njall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rifcfts Houbo
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, eorrjer Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
530 o'clock. 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
e^clocK- €15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock
£W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
!C6 Eleventh st. : open until 9 o'clock. '506 Polk street
cpeo until 9:30 o'clock NW. corner Twenty-second
end Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin- The Bostonlans.
California— Blnea Patti Troubadours.
Columbia—" Wh:it Happenei to Jones."
Alcazar— "Charley's Aunt"
>!orosco"s— "Sheiiantioah."
Tlvoll— "Said Pash:v"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets— Song Keeltal.
Cooper Medical College— Lane Lectures.
The Chutes— Chlquita and Vaudeville.
Mechanics 1 Pavilion-Mining Fair and Klondike Exposition.
California Jockey Club, Oakland Kaoet rack— Races to-day.
Coursing— lngleslde Coursing Park, to-morrow afternoon.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield— This day. February 18, Turkish
RufTB. at llti butter street, at 2 P. M.
By Frank W. Butterfield -This day, February 13. Furniture,
at T2y O'Farreil street, at 11 o'clock.
By Emil Conn— This day. February 13, Stationery Store, at
713 Larkln street, at 11 o'ciocis.
By Klillp & Co.— Saturday, February 19, Horses, at Oakland
Racetrack, at 12 o'clock.
By Yon Rheln &, Co.— Thursday, February 24, Real Estate, at
(M Market street, at 12 o'clock.
FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS REWARD.
rOR the purpose of making a public exhibition
of our prodigality and in order that we may
some day present our readers with an item of
news which cannot be conveniently appropriated by
our esteemed contemporary, the Mission Street
Faker, we have decided to offer $50,000 reward for
the detection of the man who struck Billy Patterson.
This event is historical and in its day absorbed great
public attention. It ought not to be difficult for some
acute person to "detect" it.
The conditions of the offer are that the detector
shall furnish the information exclusively to The Call,
and that he shall bring it in some time during the
twentieth century. No one is barred; it makes no
difference to us whether the person who undertakes
the task is a humble reporter eking out a miserable
existence as a faker for yellow journals or a demon
plotting by devilish means to occasionally tell the
truth ill the columns of the Mission Street Faker.
It is all the same to us. Our fifty thousand is ready
the moment the man who smote Mr. Patterson is dis
covered.
As a guarantee of good faith we have cabled our
offer to Asia, Europe and Africa. We desire that the
whole world shall compete. If there is anybody in
F.gypt or on the Yang-tse-Kiang who knows the pugi
list that struck Mr. Patterson he is entitled to the re
ward. We pay in gold coin, not in silver dollars
which are worth but 47 cents in the bullion market.
Our purpose in offering this reward is not to make
an ass of ourself. There are other and more conve
nient ways of doing that. We have already stated that
cur purpose is to exhibit our prodigality and at the
same time get an item which the Mission Street
I'aker cannot conveniently steal. The Faker lies
awake every morning to steal from an early copy of
The Call. In this way it manages to print a fairly
good newspaper. We are willing to pay $50,000 for
an item which it will not be able to claim as its own.
It may be objected that the discovery of the man
who hit Billy Patterson is impossible. We trust those
who may be tempted to earn this $50,000 will not be
deterred by any such prospect. The Government is
about to undertake an inquiry which will have for its
object the determination of the problem. It is for
that reason we have offered the $50,000. Any sneak
ing clerk or shorthand writer or army or naval offi
cer or soldier or sailor who may get possession of the
information first can make $50,000 by giving us a
"scoop." This is more money than any such person
can earn in all his life. So far as the morality of the
act is concerned, that is none of our affair. We will
p.ccept the stolen goods and will pay $50,000 for them.
The person to whom we pay the money will have to
fix things with the Government and his church: We
are engaged in publishing a newspaper, not in dis
seminating moral precepts or looking after the future
welfare of those who steal news for us.'
Here is the proposition: Who struck Billy Pat
terson? The man who answers first exclusively gets
$50,000 in gold.
There will be no especial haste to shower congratu
lations upon "The King of Round Valley" and his
bride. Neither would there be good taste in extend
ing condolences. However, the marriages engineered
by a spiritualist acting as guide and making a busi
ness of bringing affinities together have been known
to turn out disastrously.
Spanish newspapers express regret that an Ameri
can battle-ship should have been destroyed. It is
natural to believe, however, that their regret that
there are still a number of American battle-ships
afloat is even more keen.
Several people have been arrested when about to
leave for the Klondike, and such is the short-sight
edness of human nature they have not in any instance
showed the least indication of gratitude.
There surely ought to be some way of bringing the
Blythe litigation to an end. It is strange if there is
rot in all the system of court procedure some way
of arriving at a final decision.
Pellieux expresses the opinion that France will
soon be engaged in war. It would seem from this
distance that war had already been declared against
Zola and was in full swing.
Waller seems to have made a mistake when he went
into politics and to have kept right on making them
ever since.
When Weyler planted torpedoes in the harbor of
Havana he had no idea of the sort of crop they would
taise.
THE SHIP AND THE NATION.
WrHILE the senses recoil from accepting the be
lief that the sinking of the Maine was the
act of an enemy seething with hatred but too
cowardly to raise the standard of war and fight in the
open, they cannot refuse to recognize this as more
than a possibility. The theory of accident has fewer
followers than at first. That the most rigid examina
tion must be made and every fact brought to light is
a proposition concerning which there can be only one
opinion. Meantime final judgment will be held in
abeyance.
If the battleship was wrecked through an accident
purely the importance of establishing this cannot be
overestimated. It will demonstrate that there is
something wofully faulty in naval methods, that ves
sels go laden with material for their own destruction
and that a squadron full panoplied for battle would
have more to fear from itself than from any foe. But
only on the establishing beyond shadow of a doubt
that the disaster was caused by an explosion inside the
vessel of munitions properly there can suspicion be
averted from Spain.
There are many reasons for distrusting that coun
try. Spanish hostility of late has taken the form of
execrations shouted in the streets of Madrid against
all Americans. The venom of De Lome, long known
yet unrebuked, the lagging of the expected note of
regret due for his slanderous letter, are recalled now
with a new significance. The press of Spain has been
clamoring for a chance to try our mettle and really
seems to entertain the absurd idea that to whip the
United States would be an easy and profitable task.
It is true that to blow up a ship at anchor, the ship
belonging to an officially friendly nation, would be
contrary to all practice of civilized people. It is true
that it would not be more markedly contrary than the
conduct of Spain ever since she undertook the futile
scheme of subduing Cuba. There men, women and
children have been butchered or starved. The
wounded have been bayoneted in their beds, and
nurses, fleeing from the burning hospitals, have found
the red cross no protection. Moans coming from the
dungeon of torture have stirred the heart of the
world. Such are the generalizations.
To be more specific, Captain Sigsbee knew he was
in danger. On the arrival of the Maine at Havana
there was rage among the royalists. They chose to
regard the presence of the ship as little short of a^ in
vasion, and that they looked upon it as an affront
there was no secret. Yet it had as perfect a right to
be there as the ship of any other nation. The harbor
was known to be studded with torpedoes. These
were of course under control of the Spanish. Not
only did the charts of the War Department show the
location of each one, but the appliance designed to re
lease the fatal mechanism must have been familiar
to but a trusted few. It does not appear that there
was any excuse for sending the Maine to anchor in
fancied security above one of these infernal machines,
and for any catastrophe growing out of the circum
stance of such anchorage Spain must be held directly
responsible. If some enthusiast, fired by mistaken
zeal, has done this awful thing he drew his inspiration
from Spanish sentiment, and, despite official dis
avowal, to Spanish sentiment he will look, and not
vainly, for approval. The sinking of the Maine caps
with tragedy a long series of abuses.
There are international questions which may be
subject to arbitration; the fixing of a boundary, the
seizure of a poacher, the award of damages. In this
catastrophe there is nothing which honor can submit
to the adjudication of any tribunal. Either Spain is
the victim of untoward circumstances which may be
explained away, or she has so grossly violated every
principle of comity, so outraged a neutral people, so
wantonly added new murder to her long list of
crimes, as to make the demand for war imperative.
There is no middle course. Either the hypothesis of
accident must be accepted or that of deliberate and
pppalling assassination. If the latter prove correct
no apology could do more than emphasize the
enormity of the offense, and an offer of indemnity
would be unpardonable insult following an injury
past all forgiving.
If an unjust suspicion falls now upon Spain the
fault is her own. A fading monarchy, rotten to the
core, living on the traditions of a glory half forgotten,
the memory of a strength which once set afloat the
Armada, she has watched with bitterness and envy
her possessions falling off and new peoples springing
to greatness in lands where she once held sway. For
treachery and for brutality Spain has become a by
word with all the world. The very fact that in the
present instance she is charged even by insinuation
with this unspeakable deed shows her standing. The
sinking of the Maine may mean the sinking of a
throne, and the bones of that gallant craft may bleach
in a harbor belonging to free Cuba.
Recollection harks back to other days when Span
ish cruelty was placing bloody stains on the pages of
history. No Apache ever indulged in atrocities more
horrible than were common in the long war with
Cuba. It was during this war in 1873 that the affair
of the Virginius occurred. That fiendish outbreak of
savagery is still unpunished. The Virginius was cap
tured while on a filibustering expedition, but it was
flying the American flag and was for the most part
manned by Americans, many of whom did not know
the object of the trip, a large proportion of them
being under 20 years of age. When taken there was
nothing incriminating on board, not even arms. Yet
the prisoners were carried to Santiago de Cuba and
four Cubans among them shot without a trial. The
next day the rest were given a mockery of a trial and
twenty-four hours later Captain Fry and thirty-six
of his men were shot. After the marines had fired one
volley they rushed upon the writhing victims, blowing
out their brains, rioting in butchery. After this the
cavalry were ordered to charge again and again
across the prone bodies and such life as remained to
some was trampled out under the iron hoofs. Then
the heads were paraded about the streets and the pop
ulace reviled them. It was planned to also kill the
rest of the men — 102 — but a British ship, the Niobe,
trained its guns on the town and told the chief mur
derer to refrain. Spain had to surrender the victims
chosen for the shambles, but did it sullenly. The men
all through their last night in the dungeons were
made to believe that at daylight they would be exe
cuted, and when they started out to freedom they
thought they were marching to death — such was the
studied refinement of Spanish torture.
In 1851 Colonel Crittenden, an American, was cap
tured on the high seas and , with fifty comrades was
shot to death. They were prisoners of war. During
the administration of Pierce the Spanish, without
warrant and without provocation, fired upon the
Black Warrior, an American ship. All these things
are remembered since the Maine went down, for they
show the Spanish $0 be capable of any treachery, to
exult in a shameless lust far blood, to be devoid alike
of pity and of honor. They cannot make the plea that
they were incapable of this latest villainy.
We have already borne too much. What would be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18* 1898.
said of the United States if the guilt or criminal
carelessness of Spain were to be demonstrated and.
no step taken to humble her to the dust? That it was
a nation of poltroons, without leaders, its patriotism
a myth, its flag a target for sneers.
This is not a jingo race or generation. We would
have peace, but never at the cost of crowning Colurh
bia with shame.
THE DRAWERS OF INTEREST.
THE three-headed free silver manifesto, summon
ing to political fusion the Bryan Democrats,
Populists and free silver Republicans, as we
have shown, accuses the owners of money and advo
cates of the gold standard with plotting to get posses
sion of all the property of the country.
We have said that this interest drawing loan fund
of the country is very largely owned by laboring peo
ple, widows, orphans and estates, for whom the sav
ings banks and trust companies- are trustees.
A glance at financial conditions in California will
illustrate this situation. The savings bank deposits;
in California have run as follows: :
1870 • • • • • - ... . . . . .?; l 36,555.909
, i880;....::...: ; ...-...:L. _.... 51,864,003
1890 .;..:.. *.....". 93,882,064 ■
1895 January ;V^? 125,518,770 .;
1895 November .........■•...,..: 130,825,550 r \\
• 1696 July '. .'.......... . . \..J. ... 131,653,634
Number of depositors in San Francisco ■■.•'•".;.
savings banks .128,484
In interior banks 31,372
Total depositors ••••••••••*'« ••••••••* 159.856
Average deposit $823 57
This is from the report for 1896, before there was
any revival from the panic.
' It appears then that in July, 1896, there were in this
city 128,484 people who are denounced by these fu
sion manifestoes as drawers of interest, and guilty" of
putting "bitter and hard bondage" on the country.
That was something more than a third of the total
population of San Francisco. They owned and
loaned $131,653,634 of the capital used as a loan fund
in this State.
Taking some of the largest savings banks of this
city for illustration we may find what proportion the
real estate foreclosed on bears to the total amount
loaned. The German Savings Bank had of deposits
$29,174,293 99; loaned on real estate, $23,578,269 02,
and real estate taken for debt $589,353, or about 2 per
cent on the amount of its loans.
The Hibernia Savings Bank had $33,748,832 in de
posits; loaned on real estate, $25,845,648, and had
foreclosed on real estate for debt to the amount of
$108,188, or a fraction of 1 per cent!
An examination of the Savings Union and through
the whole list shows a like condition. Let it be re
membered that the hard times had been pinching for
three years when these figures were made. Then
was the opportunity, if ever, for the drawers of in
terest to do the cormorant act of which they are ac
cused by the fiatists.
In 1894 the total mortgage indebtedness of the
State was $218,714,706, which represents the amount
of such indebtedness that was caught in the panic of
1893. As nearly half of this was loaned by the sav
ings banks, the very stnall percentage of foreclosures
shown in 1896 exhibits the extent to which the
drawers of interest had availed themselves of the op
portunity to own everything in sight.
In 1894 of the total value of real btate in California
as assessed one-fifth only was under mortgage. These
statistics seem to prove that the drawers of interest
are sleepy and slow in availing themselves of the op
portunity to swallow up the substance "of those en
gaged in active business." As cormorants they seem
to be such a melancholy failure as not to deserve the
sinister, dark and midnight character ascribed to
them by the three croakers who have croaked these
political pronunciamentos.
THE AUSTRALIAN TRfIDE.
A COMMUNICATION recently addressed to F.
B. Thurber of New York, president of the Ex
port Association of the United States, by J. D.
Connolly, late United States Consul at Auckland, fur
i ithes very good reasons for believing that if more
energy and enterprise were shown in pushing Amer
ican goods in that portion of the world a much larger
and more profitable trade might be built up than we
now enjoy there.
Mr. Connolly points out that the duties of a Consul
are so numerous that the information he can give of
the prospects of trade in the country to which he is
accredited are of too general a nature to be of much
real value to the commercial world. He has no time
to make investigations into particular branches of
trade, and; moreover, is generally too inexperienced
in business to draw right conclusions from the facts
gathered even if he had time to study any particular
subject comprehensively and exhaustively.
Under these circumstances the pressing need of
American commerce in Australian lands, and prob
ably throughout the world, is a system of commercial
agencies free from the exactions of State duties and
from the incessant changes in officials to which the
consular service is subjected. There are many oppor
tunities to increase our trade with the various Aus
tralian states, but it will require a watchful eye and an
energetic hand to take advantage of them. The es
tablishment of such agencies is strongly recom
mended, and it is probable the Export Association
may undertake the work.
It would be well for the merchants of San Fran
cisco to give consideration to this advice sent to the
merchants of the East. The Australian trade with the
United States should of right come to this city, but it
will not do so if we are idle while others are busy.
The days when trade followed the nearest geographi
cal route have gone by. To-day business goes out of
its way to find the man who advertises his wares and
makes- their value known to the consumer. Such in
crease of trade as the United States may gain with
Australia will go to New York if New York is the
only American city that wisely bids and actively
works for it.
There are many claims just now upon the attention
and the energies of San Francisco merchants. The
Alaska boom calls for activity in the north, and at
the same time the reviving business in South America
attracts trade to those countries. China also is be
ginning to open up as a profitable field for commerce
on a larger scale than ever, and now comes this voice
calling from Australia for American activity there.
Fortunately the abundance and variety of the re
sources of the State are sufficient to enable us to en
ter each of these fields without neglecting any of the
others. It will be worth while, therefore, for our
merchants to watch affairs in Australia and see if they
cannot divide with the New York Export Associa
tion any business that may be waiting American en
ergy in that portion of the world.
SPECIAL FEATURES
THE hair-raising experience of
having a mouse run down your
throat while you were asleep and
then play all sorts of pranks while
you were upsetting furniture in a
wild endeavor to discover what
was wrong within you is given to
but few men. A man who has just had
such an experience tells you all about
it IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL. As a
sort of moral there is appended the
wily way in which he circumvented
that same mouse and free advice to the
readers on how to keep out of similar
trouble.
Fancy being an every-day, gpod
looking telephone girl, idly dreaming
of castles in the air between calls.
Fancy the bell one day going brr-rrr-rr
and somebody answering the "What
number, please?" with the surprising
rejoinder: "You're a countess, and
there's a big estate left you in Wales."
What a delightful ending that would
be to your day dreams. You wouldn't
answer back: "The line is busy; call
again." Neither did the girl in this
case. In a brief two minutes she found
herself transformed from a regular
"Hello" girl to a grand dame with a
title and estate. What would you do
if the good fairy transformed your for
tune that quickly? IN NEXT SUN
DAY'S CALL this particular young
ECCENTRIC NAVAL MEDICOS,
SOME professions are conducive to
eccentricity; but why the medical
corps in the navy should contain
more odd characters than the other
corps is rather strange, for its func
tions are such as to keep the brain
In active working order. Whatever the
cause may be, it cannot be denied^ that
several officers in the higher grades of
the medical corps have been decidedly
odd, and there are yet some of them on
the list.
One notable case was that of a medical
inspector retired in 1887, at the early age
of 51, the regular age for retirement being
62. During the latter years of his service
he became more eccentric by degrees and
enunciated some startling theories, one of
which was his firm belief that animals
could talk if they wished to. and would
some day be made to talk. His notions of
what constituted delicacies were also
somewhat startling, for he professed to
enjoy rodents crisply roasted, and alleged
that snakes were good eating. There was
The Doctor Enjoyed a Rare, Juicy Snake.
no complaint made against him in his
professional capacity, but his odd actions
and talk hastened his retirement, and he
went down to tne southern part of the
State, where he purchased a small tract
of land, built a house In a treetop and
lived in almost absolute seclusion until
about two years ago, when he died.
There is in this city another retired
member of the medical corps, wnose
present appearance would never lead any
one to suspect that he had been for many
years one of the wardroom onicers on a
man-of-war. His wig Is of variegated col
ors, and seems to be made of oakum; the
whiskers are purple, black and gray; and
the eyebrows jet black. His clothing is
shabby and ill-fitting. This man's chief
source of trouble is the imaginary want of
money, a fear that he will not be able to
buy a meal, and he stints and adds to his
already considerable hoard. Hut he does
not practice medicine or surgery.
About ten years ago there was a sur
geon attached to the Mare Island Navy
yard whose eccentricities became at times
quite uncomfortable to others. On board
He Pulled Teeth in the Oood Old Way.
ship and on shore his only library con
sisted of a pocket-size vade mecum on the
art of healing. It was a very old book,
and might account for the doctor's some
what antiquated methods in his practice.
One day, while calling on the command
ant, the latter complained of suffering
from a bad tooth, and remarked that he
would call at the dispensary next day to
have the tooth pulled. The doctor quietly
■aid that he would do it then and there,
and when the commodore observed that
there were no instruments, the doctor
pulled a string from his vest pocket, ex
lady will tell you what she intends do
ing in her new position.
As a contrast there is a story of a
lad born in San Francisco who rose to
a title and estate, attained a world
wide reputation, proclaimed himself a
King, was badgered by the big powers,
and finally ended his meteoric career
by his own hand. This dramatic, ro
mantic and intensely interesting life is
described IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
What is to become of the unem
ployed? That's a hard and knotty
problem. What is the reason so many
willing hands cannot find employment
at living wages? IN NEXT SUN
DAY'S CALL wage-earners and wage
payers discuss the problem and ad- |
vance what they believe are satisfac
tory solutions of the problem. Read
their articles and see if you agree with
them.
The recent sinking of the great bat
tleship Maine in the harbor of Havana
shows how vulnerable are those ar
mored leviathans of the deep. Maybe
you think one of those monarehs of the
air, a battle balloon, is a somewhat
similar sort of creature in the upper
deep. Perhaps any old duck-hunter
thinks that with a twelve-bore gun he
can go out and bag any brand of war
balloon if it flies within range. A lot
of German sharpshooters tried the
trick the c-ther day, and, as one of
them expressed it, the cheerful balloon
simply sang "yodels" as it bobbed about
in the air. They banged that balloon
full of bullet holes, but the holes only
produced more "yodels." The balloon
was finally bagged, but in a way that
will surprise many people. If you want
to entertain that surprise read the ar
ticle on "Ballooning in War" IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
There are some very pretty songs in
"The Serenaders," the latest gem in the
repertoire of the Bostonians, but any
lover of music will tell you that the
best song of them air is "The Angelus."
Jessie Bartlett Davis sings it, and when
a sang is given to Jessie Bartlett Davis
to sing it's always good, and always
becomes famous. The words and music
of "The Angelus" will be found IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Those are only some of the many
good things you'll find in the paper. To
fully appreciate them, and to read all
the other good things, BUY NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
pressing his willingness to extract the
tooth at once. The commodore, however,
preferred modern appliances, and the doc
tor put the string back in his pocket and
left the office.
This same individual some time after
called late one evening at the residence
of one of the yard officers, and after half
an hour's chat on general subjects arose
with the remark: "Well, I suppose I
Pills for Every 111— Even for Broken Limbs.
must go now; I was called up from -the
Marine Barracks, where they said a man
had fallen in a fit. and I'll go up and see
what I can do for him." It has never
transpired whether that man in a fit re
covered before the doctor arrived or died
under subsequent treatment.
It was one of the marines who, while
in sick quarters, refused to take the med
icine prescribed by a navy doctor, and
for this refusal was subsequently tried
before a naval court and sentenced to
ten days' solitary confinement.
Whatever the medicine might have been
it could have been no worse than the
"black draught" and other horse reme
dies prescribed by a surgeon with the
prefix of "Bug" to his name who was
stationed at an Eastern navy yard some
four years ago. Officers and men were
in dread of his treatment. Besides, he
had a way of discouraging his patients to
such a degree as to almost cause relapses,
and his salutation to a convalescent,
"Well, I didn't expect to see you again, I
surely thought you would die, and you
Fate of the Sailor Who Wouldn't Take His
Medicine.
had better go home again and stay In
bed for a week, for you are not out of
the woods yet," -had a depressing effect
on the sick subject, and did send him
home to bed. But "Bug" was after all a
good doctor, and it was only his eccentric
talk and manners with which fault
could be found.
On board ship or at a naval station
surgeons in the navy do not, of course
meet with the variety of diseases which
city doctors have to wrestle with They
practice medicine and surgery as occa
sions require, and when any one of them
gets up a reputation for unusual skill it
goes through the entire navy as that of
a specialist. In the large, majority of
cases the diseases are such as give way
to simple remedies, but some doctors
have become so accustomed to prescrib
ing pills that they will administer this
remedy to a man with a broken limb It
is told of a surgeon on a vessel of the
navy that he never issued any other pre
scription during the trip of more than a
year from New York to San Francisco
and yet when the ship arrived here the
stock of tonics, including "three star
Martel," was entirely exhausted.
These eccentricities are, of course, dis
couraged as much as possible by the au
thoritieß, and now few of those indulging
in them remain on the active Hat.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. *
#
THE NAVY— S.. City. At this'tim*
there is neither admiral nor vice-admiral
in the United States navy. The highest
rank is rear-admiral.
AMY AND AIMEE-A. S., Tiburon. Cal.
Amy is Latin and means beloved. Aimee
is French and means the same. Being im
different languages accounts for the dif
ference in spelling. The Latin name is
pronounced as if written Amee. while the
French one is pronounced as if written
Aima.
A STORY— A. S.. Tiburon, Cal. As to a
story such as you suggest in your com
munication, you ought to submit it or the
plot to some professional. If you will
send a self-a/ldressed stamped envelope
this department will furnish you the de
sired information.
CHRISTIANITY— D. H. L., City. Sta
tistics on the subject of religion are very
unsatisfactory and there is considerable
variance in the figures furnished by those
who have collected such, but from such
figures it appears that Christianity has
increased during the past ten years.
RAINFALL— T. S.. Petaluma, Cal. A
record of rainfall kept at Sacramento in
the early days shows that in December,
1850, there was only a sprinkling, in
January,' ISSI, the rainfall was 0.650, and
in February following the fall was 0.3;')0.
From January to August, ISSI, the total
rainfall was 4.710.
MEADOW LARKS AND DUCKS— H.
H. H., Elmhurst, Cal. The California
lark is not protected at any season, but
the English lark is. Some of these birds
were recently liberated in Mill Valley.
The close season for duck and quail ia
March 1 to October 1 of each year.
TO DECLARE WAR— S. S. W., City.
The power to declare war by the United
States is vested in Congress by the pro
visions of section VIII, clause 11, which
reads as follows:
"The Congress shall have power: To de
clare war, grant letters of marque and
reprisal, and make rules concerning cap
tures on land and water."
THE WAY UP.
Another man is rising from the throng,
■ " Push him back! • ■' " . ■
"Why should he presume to wish to get along?
/Push him back!
When, at last you stand upon the lofty height,
"Work against the wretch who tolls with honest
might ■
To emerge from nether darkness into light—
. Push Lim back!
Another man is crowding to the fore.
Push him back!
You're a leader, there must not be any more.
Push him back!
Stand together, ye that glitter in the van.
Cry him down — the bold trespasser — If you
can —
If you fall— well, then "all hail the coming
man" —
Clear the track!
— S. E. KISER, in Cleveland Leader.
UNPREVARICATED PROVERBS.
Boston Home Journal.
About one-half of what even the wisest
man knows his wife told him.
Betting $10 never yet proved how far a
frog could jump, but it has proved who is
a fool.
The man who lives within his income is
generally provided by fate with a female
relative who spends the margin.
The better a man understands himself
the more curiosity he will feel regarding
his outwardly respectable ancestors.
The bride who thinks more of her wed
ding gown than of her husband's heart
is bound to be a happy wife— for gowns
are easy to keep or to renew.
Love is like a spoileu child— apt to toe
found in the very place where it should
not be.
Hope costs is little as despair, and nays
much larger interest.
THTNDERING SONS OF BUNCOMBE.
Hon. Thomas Brackett Reed "stands
among the foremost tyrants." So says
the Cleveland Plain Dealer. Another agi
tated contemporary, cries in choking ac
cents that he has "ignored and trampled
on the constitution of the country."
Isn't it about time for the Democratic
• sons of thunder and • brothers of bun
combe to propose. to abolish this foremost
tyrant and- trampler? There can be no
doubt that he has a habit .of being fore-
Tnoft. ajid- the mimi-er of.neaven-^ta'ntiiria
geniuses whom he has "ignored," as they
struggled to catch his eye, must amount
to hundreds. Can't he be abolished by
means of a joint resolution? If not, why
not try a constitutional v- amendment
against him.— New York Sun.
A CONSTITUTIONAL WEAKNESS.
Gentlemen in the House at Washington
who denied that there is any proseprity
in this country because of the gold stan
dard ought to be able to explain why so
many free silver organs are giving pro
fuse statistics showing the great im
provement in business and industrial ac
tivity. In the South especially leading
silver organs boast of the large number
of industries which have come into ex
istence during the last year and are
profitably conducted. Of course, the fact
of great improvement cannot be denied
without lying, and if Congressmen like to
wear that brand they can do so. — Min
neapolis Journal.
PILING UP THE RESERVE.
The $H35,000.000 mark has now been
crossed in the upward movement of the
gold reserve. Almost every week a new
score is made by this fund. The treas
ury people say, and have been saying
for the last five or six weeks, that the
gold stock in the Government vaults i.-?
so large that it is something of an enr.
barrassment. but the business improve
ment and the public confidence in tho
general financial outlook send the pile
steadily upward. These are some cf the
things which the people get by putting
the Republican party in power.— Olobe-
Democrat.
IS OUR SHREWDNESS OVERRATED?
As the Americans are reputed to b^
the shrewdest of all people, it is astor.-*
inning to find politicians attempting so
crude a confidence game as the scheme
to tax them $100,000,000 to build an im
perial navy and defend a diseased is
land out in the Pacific, while we have no
money to fortify our own cities.— Kansas
City Times.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Husband's Calcined Magnesia.— Four
first premium medals awarded: more
agreeable to the taste and smaller dose
than other magnesia. For sale only in
bottles with registered trademark label.*
Ibsen, the Norwegian dramatist, is an
extraordinary looking man. Almost a
dwarf in height, the upper part of his
body is Immense, compared with his lower
limbs. He has a- huge head, covered with
bushy white hair, and his keen blue eyes
glare at his interlocutor with a piercing
glance.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ...
9iNBBHBfIEBHBB^^EESHHHI^23IfI
THE U. S. GOVERNMENT
REPORT SHOWS
Royal
Baking Powder
TO BE PURER AND
STRONGER THAN ANY
OTHERTHOUGHT HE
HAD A PIRATE
All in One Breath Broad
hurst Accuses and
Retracts.
Made a Dash for a Play Stealer
and Landed a Sou
brette.
What Happened to the Dramatist
»nd How He Got Out
of It.
It is hardly probable that Farce Con
structor Broadhurst will make use of
this little episode, but if he should he
Mill find as good material in what hap
"l to him as he has made use of in
itest comedy, "What Happened to
Jones."
It was all on account of Mr. Broad
hurst's unswerving devotion to this
latest offspring, and the tender care
with which he surrounds his youngest
child.
Like the most solicitous parent, he
a zealous watch over his pet,
and in every admirer, blinded by love,
he sees a kidnapper anxious to rob him
of his beloved one.
However, if Actor Clarke had told
Bmadhurst it would never have hap
pened and the playwright would have
saved his blushes and temper and the
comedian have been deprived a good
laugh and lost his only chance of ever
growing fat.
Clarke's leading lady, dainty Affle
Warner, was threatened with laryn
gitis, and the comedian, so as to be
prepared for all possible accidents,
gave the part to Miss Hoff, a new ar
rival, svho came direct here from Salt
Lake, wh&re she had been playing with
It Lake stock company.
"Here is the manuscript," said
Clarke to the new comer, '•and to-night
you want to come and sit in front and
vatch Miss Warner's 'business.' "
The night came and so did Miss Hnff,
and with her an escort armed with a
pad and pencil to jot down the sou
brette's business. Broadhurst came
also. He cast his eye ovei» the house,
when suddenly his eagle orbs landed
on the pad and pencil understudy.
Broadhurst had often heanl of Western
pirates, and was confident he had
landed one of Alex Byer's agents.
With a hop skip and jump he was
down the center aisl .«. In the excite
ment of the moment he forgot all
about Chesterfield and Brummel, and
tapping the lady lightly on the shoul
der in a deep bass roice exclaimed,
"None of that madam. Tou can't
steal my play."
The aoubrette blushed and ventured
an explanation. One word led to an
other, and Broadhurst retired in dis
grace with a face so rosy that a boiled
] -iister would have looked pale in com
parison.
Xo one now says "Pirate" when
Broadhurst is around.
BEN HILL WILL
HAVE A REHEARING
Governor Budd Will Consider a
a Petition for Executive
» Clemency.
Several Prominent Officials Are Now
Interceding for the Mur
derer.
Attorney W. W. Foote. representing the
murderer. Ben Hill, has secured a prom
ise from Governor Budd that he will again
listen to the evidence and consider a pe
tition for executive clemency in the case.
The refusal of the Supreme Court of the
T'nit^d States to grant Hill a writ of
habeas corpus has been published hereto
fore. and by an order of the Superior
Court in Oakland he is to appear on Wed
nesday, the 23d inst., to be resentenced.
It Is not presumed that the execution
■will be set for any time less than thirty
flays, and during the interim the Gover
nor will again review the case. Much n<'W
evidence will be presented for his consid
eration. It is said that several of the
jurymen have expressed themselves as
Willing to sign the petition in favor of
commutation, and that Judge Osier of
Santa Barbara and Senator "White have
written to the Governor in behalf of Hill.
It is not known when the Go%-ernor will
have the rehearing of the case.
Will Give an Entertainment.
An entertainment and animatoscope
exhibition will be given at Odd Fellows'
Hall this . evening, the proceeds of
which will be devoted to the benefit of
the uniform and armory fund of Company
It. First Regiment of the League of th<»
Cross Cadets. An appropriate programme
to be delivered in conjunction with the
exhibition has been arranged, and will
be presented by the best local talent pro
curable. After the entertainment an mi
i dividual competitive drill will be held for
l medals. The pictures to be presented by
animatoscope will include a life-sized
dividual competitive drill will be held for
medals. The pictures to be presented by
■»he animatoscope will include a life-sized
■ moving picture of the League of the Cross
Cadets on parade.
¥ -V- ■
Iroquois Club Banquet
The Iroquois Club will hold its four
teenth annual banquet on Washington's
birthday at the Spreckels Cafe. Toasts
will be responded to as follows: "The
S; :t<\" Governor James H. Budd; "The
Mayor James D. Phelan; "Wash
ington," Frank T. Shay. Other speakers |
wiil I-: Walter B. Stradley, Professor j
James H. Simmons and Hon. Robert Fer- j
ral. It is exported that ex-Congressman ;
Towne of Minnesota will address the I
•B. Louis Metzger and Thomas J. i
Walsh are looking out for the arrange- j
raents. I
.: : ADVERTISEMENTS. .
HUMORS
Itching, irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, dry, thin,
Slid falling Hair, cleansed, purified, and beauti- '
fied by warm shampoos with Cutictra Soap,
and occasional dressings of Ccticuxa, purest of
emollients, the greatest skin cares.
Qticura
1/ Tta * m «nt will produce a clean, healthy scalp'
X with luxuriant, lustrous hair, when all else falls. ■
Sold throighoot th» world. . Potte* Dbuo in Cunt. '
O>*r.. Sole Prop«.. Boston. ■
07 " Bo« to prodaa* I.axnritoc Hair," mailed free ,
CriUC nil C IDC ""» Be«ra« ln«tantlT rrlicred
«MHO UR rltlt bx CtTicva* Bkucou*.
KNOCKED DOWN
AND ROBBED
Rough Experience of
Thomas J. McCormiek
of Sacramento.
Assaulted in the Bar of the
What Cheer House on
Sacramento Street.
Warrants Sworn Out for the Arrest
of the Night Bartender and
Another Man.
Thomas J. McCormiek, a visitor from
Sacramento who is stopping at the
What-Cheer House on Sacramento
street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Low's court yesterday for the arrest of
John Doe Harris and Richard Roe on
the charge of robbery.
McCormick's statement is to the ef
fect that Wednesday night he went into
the Avalon Saloon on the corner of
Clay and Kearny streets and had two
glasses of claret. In paying for them
he pulled out a $20 gold piece, besides
some silver, which he had in his pocket.
There were some men standing at the
bar at the time. When he got to the
What-Cheer House a few minutes later
and went to the office for the key of
his room, Harris, the night bartender,
came up to him and asked him to come
into the bar and have a drink with him.
He did not want to go, as he says he
is not a drinking man. but Harris pre
vailed upon him to ga into the bar.
Several men were there, and he thought
he noticed among them one or two whir
had been in the Avalon. He had no
sooner entered the barroom than Harris
grabbed him round the neck and two
others held his hands behind his back.
He struggled to get free, but was
knocked down by a violent blow on the
head, which rendered him senseless for
a few minutes.
When he recovered his senses he
found that he had been robbed of the
$20 gold piece and a dollar in silver.
He demanded his money back, but was
told to get out. and fearing that he
might be roughly dealt with he thought
it better to leave and go to bed. Yes
torday morning he complained to the
proprietor of the hotel about being
robbed, but as he could not get any
satisfaction from him he went to the
California-street Police Station and
made a complaint there. He was told
to go to one of the police courts and
swear out warrants for the arrest of
the men who robbed him, and he ac
cordingly did so.
McCormiek showed a big lump nn hip
head as evidence of the fact that he
had been knocked down. He declared
that he was perfectly sober at the time
of the robbery, and believes that the
men who robbed him thought that he
had more money in his pocket-book
than the $2L
NEW OPIUM FRAUDS BREWING.
A. W. McPherson Is Said to Be
Under Federal Surveillance on
Account of His Projects.
Those familiar with inside doings in
Federal circles say that there is likely to
be a sensation soop which will equal the
stories of old opium swindles.
A. W. MePherson, who was once ac
cused of swindling the Fink Butter Com
pany and others out of large sums of
money, is said to be king of a new opium
ring which is operating on a scale that
runs to high figures. A strange part of
the story is a rumnr that some well
known lawyers and officials are involved
in the frauds, and that the plans of the
founders of the new ring are cunning and
far-reaching.
S*>f»n relative to the matter by a Call
reporter yesterday MePherson said: "I
have not seen any opium since the Point
Lazaro disaster of 1870. and all these
rumors are wholly false. As to my com
plicity in alleged expeditions on behalf
of the Cubans. I simply desire to say that
I am an American citizen and I have a
right to do as I please In such affairs."
Some sensational developments in the
MePherson opium ring are promised at
an early date, as all the Federal officials
are said to be on the alert.
IS PUSSY CAT
A WILD ANIMAL?
Judge Campbell Will Have to
Decide the Important
Question.
It Has Been Raised in the Case of C.
Bone, Accused of Poisoning
a Cat.
The Question as to whether a cat is
a domestic animal or a wild animal will
have to be decided by Judge Campbell,
who listened to an able argument on the
subject yesterday afternoon by Attorney
Nouges and Prosecuting Attorney Spin
etti.
A jury had been summoned to try the
case of Charles Bone, of 1610 Steiner
street, charged by his neighbor, J. C.
Fredericks, with administering poison to
his Maltese cat, or. according to the
words of the complaint, with poisoning
a cat the property of another. Before
the jury was impaneled Attorney Nouges,
for the defendant, raised the point that
as nothing was involved in the case ex
cept a question of law. the attendance ot
the jury was unnecessary. The jury was
accordingly discharged.
Fredericks gave his evidence as to be
ing the owner of the cat and to finding
its dead body and a tin dish filled with
fish in Bone's yard. Dr. Creely had an
alyzed the fish and had found large quan
tities of strychnine Ifl it. Dr. Creely was
not called, the defense agreeing to admit
that he made the analysis and found
strychnine.
Bone did not deny using the strychnine,
as he said that Fredericks' cats were a
nuisance as they destroyed the bushes
in his garden and annoyed the neighbor
hood with their howllngs.
Then came the argument as to whether
a cat is a domestic animal or not. At
torney Nouges argued that a cat was a
felis natura, or, in other words, a wild
animal, and could not be claimed as the
property of any one. He quoted num
erous authorities in support of his con
tention. The Judge, after listening to the
arguments, allowed the attorneys five
days to file briefs and then he would
render his decision.
Bone is not out of the woods yet. as
Officer Hooper of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, who was
present in court, said he would swear out
a warrant for his arrest to-day on the
felony charge of distributing poison.
Exonerated From Blame.
As the Carter Medicine Company, In Its
prosecution of dealers In counterfeit Car
ter's Little Liver Pilla, has no desire to
deal unfairly with any person, in Justice
to Dr. C. G. Strong, it desires to say that
after full inquiry and investigation it is
satisfied that the counterfeit pills found
in his possession were purchased by him
without the slightest knowledge of their
spurlousness. He, therefore, has been ex
onerated by the company from all blame.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FKfbAY, ' tEBBTTABiT 18, 1898.
HANDICAPPED IN THE MORNING OF LIFE
JAMES WILKINS is a pretty paralyzed boy of six years. He was handi
capped in the very morning of life when but a year old by falling and
fracturing his skull in the region of the cerebellum, or little brain, which
is located back of the ears. The accident resulted in paralysis, that
robbed him of the use of his limbs as well as of his tongue. The child was
operated on at St. Luke's a few days ago by Dr. C. G. Kenyon, and his re
covery is now assured, though the pressure of the skull was slowly killing
him until a fortnight ago. Through all the years of pain and suffering the
child's muscular development was almost wholly arrested, and his mental
faculties remained about the same as those of a babe.
The little sufferer is a son of Charles F. Wilkins of Hawthorne, Nev., and
a nephew of James Wilkins of the Cliff House. "His father spent thousands
of dollars trying to relieve him," said James Wilkins yesterday, "but no aid
came until his grandmother discovered that there was a pressure on the
brain. He was sent to Dr. Kenyon. who performed the opera
tion which has saved his life and guaranteed that he will
develop into a healthy child." The pressure on the cerebellum was in the
region of what is known in anatomy as the foramen magnum, which is that
great opening that allows *the cable system of nerves to run from the head to
various parts of the body. A portion of the skull in the occipital region was
removed, and the lad almost immediately showed signs of recovery. The skull
removed was as large as a silver quarter. It is believed that the skull wound
will soon heal, and that the brain, since the pressure of the skull has been re
moved, will soon grow to such a condition of health and strength that there
will be no trouble in the future. The child already begins to show signs of
renewed vigor, and there is little question in the mind of the surgeon that in
the course of a year or two he will have so far regained what he has lost in
six years of paralysis that there will be little difference between his condition
and that of the average child. The operation was one of the most difßuclt
and successful in the history of local surgery.
TO RECLAIM
SWAMP LANDS
Proposed Scheme to Util
ize the Garbage of
the City.
Scavengers Meet and Appoint
a Committee to Make
Inquiries.
They Object to Being Compelled to
Pay ihe Charges to the Crema
tory Company.
The scavengers of the city are formu
lating a scheme to get rid of the bur
den imposed upon them of taking all
the garbage to the crematory, which
they claim is not only a serious loss to
them, but also to the citizens gener
ally.
The scheme is to form a syndicate to
buy the swamp lands in Alameda
County and reclaim them with the
garbage of this city.. It is believed that
the lands could be got for almost a
nominal price, being practically useless
as they are at present. The garbage
would be taken across the bay in scows;
which would be stationed at a con
venient point on this side. The only
thing in the way that looks like a
stumbling block is the expense of un
loading the scows, but it is probable
that some machinery may be obtained
to make the work easy and inexpen
sive.
A meeting of the scavengers was held
a few days ago, when the whole ques
tion was discussed at length and a
committee was appointed to make all
possible inquiries and report at a rfSeet
ing to be held as soon as they are
ready. The scheme is at present in an
embryonic stage, but it is receiving tho
support of nearly all the scavengers,
and it is expected that no great diffi
culty will be experienced in carrying it
out.
"The crematory," said one of the pro
moters of the scheme yesterday, "is a
serious tax upon us and upon the citi
zens. I understand that the crematory
people make a clear profit of about $400
per month, and this money comes out
of the pockets of the citizens. To meet
the crematory charges we have to in
crease our charges to the citizens, and
now we have to assess a poor man 40
or 50 cents a month, when 25 cents
covered the bill before the crematory
was started. In other cases we have
been compelled to charge more than
double, so that you can see that the
profit that goes into the pockets of the
crematory people comes out of the
pockets of the citizens. Our scheme is
perfectly feasible, and we anticipate no
great difficulty in successfully carry
ing it out. It will of course take a lit
tle time, but we are in earnest and
mean to push it through as speedily as
possible. We hope to get some of the
wealthy men in the city to take an in
terest in it from the fact that the lands
after they are reclaimed will be of con
siderable value."
HONOR FOR A
FAIR SINGER.
Entre Nous Theater Party
Complimentary to
Miss Giusti.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotil
lon Club, seventy-five strong, attended
the Baldwin Theater last evening. In
honor of Miss Eleanor Glustl, who made
her first appearance in this city with the
Bostonlans as Yvonne in "The Serenade."
Miss Giusti was a popular member of the
Entre Nous fur several seasons, and the
club members show.r] their admiration
and appreciation for their gifted com
panion by hearty apDlaurie and a mag
nificent floral piece in the shape of a
ladder with a star at the top, in which
was studded, "U>|nimi»- Entre Nous."
After the opera Miss Giusti was the guest
of honor or the club at a most delightful
and elaborate supper at the Spreckels
Cafe.
Those in the party were: Herman H.
Herzer. Edward G. Carrera. Robert F.
Hfiight. D. T. Berry, William F. Hooke,
Joseph Corbel, Arthur Mintor.. J. J. Van
Nostrand. Joseph F. l'nheim Jr., Leo
Pockwitz. H. E. FischU-ck, Dr A J
Sylvester. William E. BrmWsen. Clar
ence Musto, Dave W. Wise. Louis G.
Schord, Jason Gould, A. R. Morrow Dr
J. W. Likens, Arthur Thornton Vincent
A. O'Neill. Merrit Robinson. Harold War
wick. James P. Whitney. Sanford G
Lewald. Hon. Frank H. Kerrigan, James
M un. oewe^' Jr^' Geor & e F - Heuer, Randall
Phillips, Dr. E. S. Fiske. !•>*.! Martens
Dr. J. C. Stinson, Mr. and Mrs. George D
Graham, Mr. and Mrs. James P Whit
ney, Mr. and Mrs. Geor X'K ' W. Li'ppman,
-Mr. and Mrs. James Scott. Dr and Mrs
Giusti. Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Giusti: Ml'sses
Haas. Prosek. Kingsford. Martland,
Hfrzer. Heppner. Poheim. KorbH. Musto
P..ckwltz, Popp Llpp, Leahy, Benjamin!
Rres<<?. McFadden. Hnllis. Ludlorv
Grupnhagon. Baker. Lewald Bahln Heni
menway. Phillips, Bylngton, Schroeder
Kavanagh.
THE BRIDE IS
A GRANDMOTHER
The Klondike Wedding Was
a Well Managed Hip
podrome.
Four Times the Bride Was Led
to the Altar — A Short
Honeymoon.
The bride of the sensational marriage
that took place In the Mechanics' Pavil
ion last week as the drawing rard of the
Miners' Fair is the grandmother of three
healthy children, and the present matri
monial trip to the hymeneal altar is only
her fourth. Mrs. Frank Raymond, as she
now is according to the laws of the great
State. of California, was known as Mrs
Fannie Cook some years ago, and there
are three young Cooks who lovingly call
her grandmother.
Since her first spouse, Cook, and herself
separated either in death or according to
the laws of the divorce courts made and
provided In such cases, a Mr. Sleuter
wooed and won the hand of the fair and
buxom widow Cook, but Sleuter' a earthly
career was nipped in the bud death
claiming him in the City and County Hos
pital, ills place was. however soon oc
cupied in the heart of the bereaved twice
widowed lady by a Mr. MeAdoo whose
name the now Mrs. Raymond bore until !
she appeared before the footlights in the ■
Mechanics' Pavilion to wed William Ray
mond, alias Miller, for and In considera
tion of the sum of $50 in hand paid Ray
mond, alias Miller, and the blushing
grandmother bride were no strangers to
each other when they presented them
selves before the Rev. Dr. Ford to be
united in the sacred bonds of matrimony
as they had just left the same lodging
house, where they had been stopping for
six months, to go to the Pavilion.
The couple has not returned to that
lodging house since, as the landlady and
the newly wedded pair have not adjusted
the trifling matter of room rent, a little
consequence which has placed the box
containing the mechaniaal figures of
Showman Raymond, alias Miller, in the
hands of the Sheriff pending a suit for
the settlement of this room rent. Two
trunks belonging to the grandmother
bride are now under lock and key at her
former residence. The honeymoon was of
short duration, as the pair quarreled on
their way from the Pavilion. What the
trouble was is not known, but it was such
as to cause Mr. Raymond, alias Miller, to
jump out of the carriage and walk down
town, only to again confront his bride in
a Powell street resort, whero she was
blowing off the foam from a cooling glass
of lager beer.
This was the last time the newly
wedded couple met since that eventful
night when they received $50 each for
their parts in the show.
Shipwrecks and Duties.
The Collector of the Port has been no
tified by the Treasury Department that
goods upon which duty has been paid may
be reimport ed free or duty If brought
back as the result of a marine casualty.
ABANDONED
BY THE CREW
The British Bark Ata
came Left to Her Fate
in Midocean.
Four of the Men Reach Sydney,
but Twelve Are Still
Missing.
Trial Trip of the New Steamer
Samoa for the Klondike Trade
a Success.
The British bark Atacame has been
abandoned s sea while on her way
from Newcastle, N. S. W., to San Di
ego. A brief cablegram to the Mer
chants' Exchange states that the cap
tain and three of the crew reached
Sydney, N. S. W., in an open boat, but
that twelve men were missing. They
also took to the boats, but have not
been seen since.
The dispatch does not state what was
the matter with the Atacame, but the
chances are that her coal cargo caught
fire. The bark was built in 1890, and
was owned by S. Wakeham & Co. of
Liverpool, Eng., and was chartered to
load wheat at this port for Europe. She
was 1113 tons net burden, 224 feet long,
34 feet 5 inches broad and 20 feet deep.
The four apprentice boys who made
their escape from the United States
steamer Mohican have been recaptured
and are now in the warship's brig re
penting on bread and water. They
made their escape in the captain's gig,
and it was recovered at Vallejo.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Zealandia sailed for Honolulu yester
day. There was a big crowd down to
see her away, but she did not take
many passengers for this time of the
year. Those who went away in the
cabin were:
H. S. S. Aimes, Mrs. T. P. Colcord, Mrs.
A. L. Gibbs, J. Hallenbeck. Miss L. C.
Holmes. W. J. Howard and wife, Mrs. M.
E. Kingsley, M. M. Kohn, H. Krebs Jr.,
C. A. Lemp, Mrs. William McKay, Miss
McKay, Mrs. E. J. Oliver, G. W. Page,
Charles L. Rhodes, Jacob Rich and wife,
Dennln Searles. F. S. Southwick, F. M.
Tucker, Frank linger. Thomas H. B. Var
ney, wife and two children, Master Var
ney. Dr. M. Wachs, Mrs. F. Wetmore.
The steamer William Baylies, the
first of the Arctic whaling fleet, is at
Howard-street wharf fitting out for a
cruise. Captain Devall will command
the whaler, and she will be followed by
the Karluk, Captain McGregor; Jea
nette. Captain Newth, and Alexander,
Captain Tilton. This will be about all
the vessels that will leave this year,
whereas at this time last year over a
score of steamers and wind-jammers
were getting ready.
The old whaler Northern Light is a
good example of the kind of vessel they
used to build in this country forty
years ago. Her timbers are now as
sound and she is as stanch a bark as
she was when she left the Eastern ship
yard in which she was built forty-four
years ago. She is copper fastened
throughout, and when it came to tak
ing out her trying-in works in order to
build her up for a passenger boat a
derrick had to be used. During her life
the timbers have never worked, and
that is something that can be said of
but very few vessels on this coast. Cap
tain E. C. Remington, who was a boat
steerer on the Northern Light during
her first cruise after whales, is going to
Kotzebue Sound on her as a passenger
next spring to hunt for gold.
Hanify & Co.'s new steamer Samoa
had her trial trip on the bay yesterday
and proved herself to be a first-class
craft, answering fully the expectations
of her builders. She has been chartered
by the California and Northwestern
Trading and Mining Company, and will
leave here on May 25 next to connect
with that concern's river boats for Mi
nook. Circle City, Forty Mile and Daw
son City.
She managed to get away about 5
o'clock.
The steamer Whitelaw did not get
away yesterday morning at the expect
ed time. Captain Whitelaw. her owner,
locked horns with the charterers and
would not allow them to put any more
horses aboard. The Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals also
stepped in and made the charterers of
the craft put in feeding bins for the
animals.
The schooner Bowhead sailed for
Copper River yesterday with a party of
twenty-one prospectors. The miners
have purchased the vessel and will
keep her in Alaska until they are ready
to bring the bark back to San Fran
cisco. ___^_______^__
WERE UNITED IN MARRIAGE.
John Hanavan and Miss Ida Warn
holz Wedded Last Night.
John Hanavan. oldest son of J. H. Han
avan, the capitalist and well-known con
tractor was married last evening to Miss
Ida Warnholz, at the St. Charles Borro
meo Church, Shotwell and Eighteenth
streets.
The church was beautifully decorated
with evergreens and roses. Eugene Fitz
gerald was best man and Miss Marie
Hanavan bridesmaid, while Kiel Keneflrk
acted as groomsman and Miss Madge
Hanavan as maid of honor. The ushers
were Messrs. Benjamin Crawford, Minor
Letty, Milton Bernard and Frank Dv-
m The bride was tastefully and prettily at
tired In an exquisite heavy cream duchess
satin gown. A veil and a wreath of or
ange blossoms completed the costume.
After the marriage rites had been per
formed the couple went to the home of
the groom's parents, 2712 Seventeenth
street where a reception was held and
the happy pair received the congratula
tions and well wishes of their many
friends. Mr. and Mrs. Hanavan were the
recipients of many beautiful presents.
Spanish Interpreter Appointed.
United States Immigration Commis
sioner North yesterday appointed A. de
La Torre as official Interpreter of Spanish
for the commission. Mr. de La Torre will
assist in the examination of Spanish
speaking immigrants from Mexican, Cen
tral American and South American ports.
The gentleman held the same office under
the administration of President Harrison.
For the present office he was indorsed by
members of the Republican State Central
and County committees and by members
of the Legislature of California.
Domestic Whisky Imported.
The Secretary of the Treasury has ruled
that domestic whisky exported in casks
and bottled abroad should be treated as
foreign whisky on reimportation and not
a domestic product returned under para
graph 483 of the act of 1897, and may be
kept in warehouse for three years under
section 2970, Revised Statutes.
The Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and made the following appoint
ments: Joseph E. Dolan, to engine 17;
William King, to engine 5; William Far
rell, to engine 11; Hugh Monaghan, to
engine 14; Cornelius Keller, to engine 2,
and William Hanton. to engine 4.
To Cure Headache |n '5 Minutes.
Dr. Davis 1 Anti-Headache. All Druggist*. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.THE DAISY.
/ .
When we say as fresh as a daisy, we mean the
budding and blossoming forth of our all-new spring
fashions for men' s wear. We say, ready to-day after
elaborate preparations.
The genius of two hemispheres has combined to
make this the most elaborate and handsome assort"
ment of gentlemen s high-class apparel that it's ever
been our good fortune to be able to offer to the men
folks of this city.
The rule of our house is to make goods go forth
speedily. The introduction of our spring styles at a>
popular price begins to-day. We have selected our
corner window for an exhibit of the same. There they
are, the prettiest of Top Coats, some silk-faced to the
edge, the prettiest of spring suitings. To introduce 'em
quickly, to get 'em on to your backs quickly, so that
they shall receive your commendations, we have filled/
this window with these garments and say for pick
<*$10.00.»
Seats,
To-day we put you in touch
with the very newest of fashions
in the double-breasted sack, in
the single-breasted sack with
its double-breasted-vest; and of
course that garment for all oc-
casions, the cutaway -, in I black,
made from those : fine English
clay worsteds, but all as fresh as
i a daisy. It's a royal selection
we invite you to pick from, and
it's a very tempting price for
high-class fashions and the ex-
cellent manner in which these
garments are ' tailored. You
may give your tastes wide
fancy, as this means a selection
from an extensive assortment.
For pick -."--.'- .
$10.00.
-4- A window exhibit, our corner window, is -
X devoted to these garments. It will well repay "
X a careful look through. • / . ;.\v r^H
44» MM ♦ ♦♦♦4» 44 4 4 44 4 4 4 4 4 4 44 » ♦4444- ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
■ TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS-EIGHT
Spriaw
HP
These very popular Top .
Coats that are so swell, so
swagger and nobby, there's
an awfully ■ pretty black
one among 'em with its
satin -facing to the edge.
There's a lot of others in
blues; blacks and tans, but
all built' and fashioned
upon swell r lines* Here
your taste may run riot,
as the assortment is truly
extensive. For pick \we
say ,-"./.',:
$10.00.
78
ALL FAVOR A LARGE EXPOSITION.
Prominent Business Men Say That It Would Prove of Incalculable Benefit Not Only to
California, but to the Entire Pacific Coast.
Assurances Received From Neighboring States That They Will Aid in Fittingly Celebrating the Semicentennial Anniver
sary of Admission to the Union.
EXPOSITION PLANS SUGGESTED.
I am not prepared to go into detail regarding what,
in my judgment, would be the best plan to be adopted
for promoting and carrying on the proposed exposition.
I will make such suggestions, however, as may come
to my mind at this time.
1 think the idea of putting up a reproduction of
one of the old missions is good. The cost would be
only about $40,000 or $;0,000, and during the exposi
tion it could be used to advantage in making a grand
exhibit of our flowers. Besides being a great attraction,
it would commemorate an early period in the history
of California. The other buildings should embody the
best ideas of modern architecture, and should blazon
in Oriental splendor. There should be an abundance
of artificial light Electricity can and should be one of
the matters taken into serious consideration, as it can
be used to advantage in many ways. It will, of course,
necessitate the putting up of a plant for that purpose,
but that can easily be done.
I would suggest as a novel feature of the exposition
the setting aside of September 9, the great and most
significant day of the exposition, for the purpose of
holding high carnival. Let it be a day of mirth and let
it be celebrated in a way entirely new here. Parisian
confetti and spirals could easily be procured for the
purpose, and as they are inexpensive every one would
be enabled to procure them and participate in the en
joyment The amount of fun to be gotten out of this
kind of amusement is not to be realized until partici
pated in. Admission day must certainly be marked by
special feature?.
Three or four days could be set aside for each of
the several industries of the State — during such time
the special branch of exhibitors to have full charge.
The farming interest could present special features
connected with the product of the soil. The manufac
turers of material articles, the manufacturers of fabrics,
and last, but not least, the wine-makers of the State,
should make a special effort to exhibit on a grand scale.
They should also make a free distribution of their
products.
The exposition could be rounded out by the hold
ing cf fetes of various kinds, and other features
which may present themselvss.
I believe $150,000 will be sufficient for all pur
poses, aside from the daily expenses of conducting the
exposition.
The plan of holding a semi-centen
nial exposition in 1900 in commemora
tion of the fiftieth anniversary of the
admission of California into the Union
meets with general approval. Assur
ances have been received from the Gov
ernors of several of the surrounding
States that they are in hearty sympa
thy with the project. It is admitted
by all that an exposition c-p the lines
suggested by The Call will prove of
great benefit to the entire Coast.
It is an enterprise that will not bene
fit California alone.
The Midwinter Fair proved a success.
In fact, the result attained far exceeded
the expectations of the most hopeful of
the directors. Many thousands of pea
pie came here in search of pleasure.
They found what they were looking for.
and in addition became acquainted with
the climate of this land of sunshine
and cf gold. They are still with us.
A MOST COMMENDABLE PROJECT.
The proposition for an exposition commemorative
of the semi-centennial anniversary of the admission of
California as a State into the Union of States is most
commendable and will surely secure the assistance of
all pa: ties interested in presenting to the world the
superior possibilities of the Pacific Coast as a whole
and California especially, giving visitors opportunities
to better judge of its resources and the advantages to
be secured by decidi ig to make home locations on the
western side of the Sierra Nevada Mountains.
An exposition in the year 1900 should and must
receive the hearty support and co-operation of all
transportation lines, both land and sea, as it will
bring to the coast a very largely increased number of
visitors from far distant as well as near by localities,
and will tend to keep among us many of the hun
dreds of gold seekers who are now passing forward
from Europe and the Eastern States to the mining
regions of Alaska, of whom many, successful or other
wise, having broken away from former associations
will be seeking new locations for future residence and
business. I most heartily concur in the enterprise.
T. H. Goodman,
General Passenger Agent Southern Pacific Railroad.
M. H. DE YOUNG.
The exposition contemplated will be
on a far greater scale than that of the
Midwinter Fair. Every one of the re
sources and products of California will
be represented, and it is not improb
able that exhibits will be made by our
near sister States.
The Midwinter Fair was planned and
consummated within a very few
months. With the proposed semi-cen
tennial it is a different matter. The
people and commercial organizations
have two years' time in which to per
fect ail their plans. There is no reason
why they should not be able to present
an exposition that will In a measure
offset the Paris exposition. All that is
now required is a little energy on the
p;irt of our merchants. California can
produce and does produce nearly every
thing that would be required to make
an attractive display. With the assist
ance of sister States, and that has been
promised, we are in a position to give
an exposition that will attract the at
tention of the entire United States to-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, IS9S.
ward the Western Slope. More than
that, we will also be able to invite to
our hospitable shore many who will at
tend the World's exposition.
A movement is now on foot to have
a meeting called either by the Gover
nor or Mayor for the purpose of ar
ranging the preliminary details. If the
same energy is displayed by our busi
ness men as by those having the Trans-
Mispissippi Congress in hand, there is
no doubt but that we will have an ex
position in 1900 that will make Califor
nia rs wide world known as it was
in the days of '49.
ENERGY IS
NECESSARY
A Successful Exposition Will
Mainly Depend on the
Work Now Done.
E. A. DENIOKE— The Idea of hold
ing a Western States' exposition is cer
tainly meritorious and deserving of
careful consideration. I see but two
things in the way of holding such an
exposition in 1900. Two years of time
is hardly sufficient to get up an expo
sition of proper magnitude as to turn
the eyes of Ihe world on California, and
that is just what is greatly needed. For
my part I am inclined to think that
three years is none too long, but that
the thing could be accomplished in that
time with a proper display of interest
and energy. Then, again, the great
Paris exposition takes place in 1900 and
we could never hope to rival that, or
even attract many of our own Western
people from it. On the contrary, many
of them will go to Paris, and should
they on their return visit the fair here
its insignificance in comparison with
the Paris exposition would detract from
any good impression we might other
wise have made. Our exhibitors, too,
will send their best to France, anri
would not be capable of making two
first-class displays in one year. Now,
the Columbia Exposition was held one
year late, and was most certainly a
success, and why can't we have a first
class exhibition of all that is best In
these Western States in 1901? Every
body will be in the mood for it, and we
would be able to secure some first-class
displays from Paris which it would
otherwise be Impossible to procure.
Many Europeans, also, who have seen
American products in the Paris fair
will be in this country about tfiat time
and will find it convenient and profit
able to visit our exposition. By all
means let us have it, and if not in 1901
then in 1900. I am in favor of it any
way.
NOW CALL A
BIG MEETING
The Enterprise Should Be Set in
Motion Without Further
Delay.
J. W. RAPHAEL was full of the sub
ject of the proposed exposition. He
was pleased to see by the interviews
with leading business men of the city,
as published in the current issue of
The Call, that the burden of the'ipopu
lar song was emphatically in warm
praise of the proposition in hand, and
averred that it would be the proper
thing to strike while the iron was hot.
"Work should be commenced at
once," said Mr. Raphael. "A meeting
of representative citizens should be
called promptly to inaugurate the
movement. This meeting should re
quest the Governor to issue invitations
to prominent people throughout the
State for a meeting to be held as soon
as practicable for the purpose of per
manent organization. Then the enter
prise should be incorporated, all the
subscribers being shareholders. Com
mittees should be appointed for the
various details, and the preliminary
work should be commenced at the ear
liest day possible. By no means
should the slightest savor of politics
be permitted to enter into any
phase of the big undertaking. The
various committees should be so com
posed as to represent impartially all
parties, all nationalities and all avoca
tions. In the selection of the more im 7
portant committees, T think it would
be well to choose, where practicable,
people who have already rendered not
ably good service in the same lines
heretofore.
"The financial secretary should be a
man of undoubted financial standing,
one able to sufficiently cover all sums
entrusted to his care.
"The head of each and every depart
ment should be a man of executive
ability, and it would be a good Idea
to look to it that the various depart
ments be equipped with men whose
main purpose should be good, hard,
conscientious work, rather than the
putting on of style and the. furthering
of individual interests*"
A BUSINESS
MAN'S VIEWS
Can Reasonably Expect the Pro
posed Fair to Be a Pro
nounced Success.
S. C. BUCKBEE— I fully indorse th
sentiments of M. H. de Young as ex
pressed in to-day's Call. The celebra
tion of our semi-centennial should be
on a scale worthy of a great occasion
in the history of the most progressive
State in the Union. The Midwinter
IT WILL REDOUND TO THE CREDIT OF
CALIFORNIA.
Tliat the holding of a semi-centennial exposition in San Francisco would
be of inestimable benefit, not alone to California, but to the entire Pacific Coast,
goes without saying. To my mind if the people who are directly benefited by
such enterprises would only realize the full import of such affairs the benefits
would be increased fourfold. While I believe in a certain degree of conservatism
I believe that in this age of advanced civilization a greater degree of enterprise
should be manifested by the people of California than they have shown in recent
events. I remember full well the apathy that was manifested by some toward
the Midwinter Fair, and yet the results show conclusively that the exposition was
beneficial in the highest degree. That proposed for 1900 should be on a larger
and greater scale. That of 1900 is certainly intended to be one of much greater
magnitude than any yet held because of the fact that contiguous territory would
be relied upon to do its share in making it a great success. The more people in
terested the greater results will be attained.
All affairs of this kind, if properly instituted and carried out, will redound
to the credit of California. While this State is young in years in com
parison with some of the other States that have held expositions on a large
scale, it should not be said that the people are as far behind in enterprise as they
are in years. Profiting by the experience of Philadelphia and Chicago there is no
reason whatever why this exposition proposed by The Call should not equal, if
not surpass, those of the cities mentioned. The Trans-Mississippi States are at
present arrang'ng an exposition at Omaha, and if the people of the Pacific States
would only manifest the same interest and energy in preparing for the semi-cen
tennial exhibition as is being manifested by the people of Omaha their fondest
hopes will be more than realized.
Indications prove that the interest manifested in the proposed exposition by
the people of those States that have been admitted to the Union since California's
admission would put beyond the question of doubt the success to be achieved by
a combination of interests.
I am pleased to see that the Governors of Washington and Montana are
heartily in accord with the movement, and it is such expressions of good feeling
that will materially lighten the labor and will justify the exertions of Califomians
in making the proposed exposition a noteworthy event. The exposition will also
afford the Native Sons of the Golden West an opportunity such as has never
been offered them, of proving to the world that they are worthy sons of worthy
sires. It is certainly to be expected because of their intended celebration in 1900
that they will take a prominent and active part in the management of the exposi
tion, and that in itself, judging by their past record, should be a guarantee of the
safe and successful administration of affairs. W. P. SULLIVAN JR.
Fair, though held during a period of
depression the most disastrous in re
sults to the business interests of the
Pacific Coast, was a success, and I say
this advisedly. I have personal knowl
edge of the saie of property to people
who were attracted to San Francisco by
the fair. We ar.' now enjoying an era of
prosperity, with an outlook for even
better times in 1900. We should there
fore reasonably expect the proposed
fair to be a greater success and of more
pronounced benefit to California. With
past experience in matters of this kind
to be guided by, we will certainly be
able to formulate a plan so attractive
that it will not be affected by outside
influences. Before adopting or sug
gesting any specific plan it may be well
to learn what we can from the Omaha
fair to be held this year. I will
be pleased to enter into the
subject as the movement progresses. I
consider the holding of an exposition in
1900 an excellent business proposition.
THE WOMEN
WILL WORK
Mrs. Frona Eunice Wait Pledges
the Efficient Support of
the Sisterhood.
MRS. FRONA EUNICE WAIT, a
thoroughly representative California
woman, who has had much experience
in matters of this kind, she having been
one of the National Commissioners of
the late "World's Fair at Chicago, is
thoroughly pleased with-the grand pro
ject in view to celebrate California's
golden jubilee as a sovereign State of
the Union. When seen on this sub
ject yesterday she said: "It is a bril
liant conception, and there is no rea
son why it should not be carried out to
a most successful conclusion. In such
an undertaking, of course, the women
of the State will be expected to do their
share to contribute to the success of
the enterprise, and you may take my
word for it that the women of Cali
fornia will not be found wanting when
it becomes time for them to do their
part in making a creditable showing for
their beloved State. It is a ract that
California has more noted women, in
different lines of distinction, than any
other State in the Union, in proportion
to her population. These women— the
noted ones and the ones who are quite
capable of becoming noted if they be
given half a chance — will be heard from
in case of the carrying out of such an
admirable plan as The Call has pro
posed. I heartily wish the plan all j>os
sible success, and repeat that the
women of the State will be found more
than willing to do their share to
achieve such a result."
GREAT GOOD
WOULD RESULT
California Was Materially Bene
fited by the Midwinter
Fair.
THOMAS A. BURNS, School Direc
tor—The Midwinter fair proved a suc
cess. It advertised to the world the
products of our Golden State. Many
people who came here simply out of
curiosity "were so charmed by our cli
matic conditions that they determined
to remain in the land of sunshine. The
exposition proved to be of incalcuable
benefit to the State. An exposition in
1900 in commemoration of the fiftieth
anniversary of the admission of Cali
fornia into the Union would beyond all
doubt prove a greater success than the
Midwinter fair. I believe that all of
our sister States admitted into the
Union after California would cheerfully
aid in making the project an event that
would equal if not exceed the Trans-
Mississippi Congress to be held this
summer at Omaha. With people at the
head of the movement who have had
experience in similar expositions, I
have no doubt but that we can safely
count on an exhibition that will be
relatively as attractive as the Paris
exposition. A meeting called by either
the Governor or Mayor for the purpose
would be largely attended, and I sin
cerely hope that one of these officials
will take the matter in hand. An ex
position such as contemplated by The
Call would prove of great benefit to the
entire Pacific Slope.
WHOLESALERS
WILL STAND IN
J. A. Folger Heartily Indorses
the Golden Jubilee Expo-
sition Idea.
J. A. FOLGER, head of the pioneer
firm of J. A. Folger & Co., and presi
dent of the Merchants' Transportation
Company, declared that the proposition
in contemplation was one of the beat
that he had heard of in a long time.
"The plan is one to be commended
most heartily," said he, "and I hope it
can be carried out. Indeed, there is no
earthly reason why it cannot be carried
out, and that is one of its admirable
features.- I am sure that the wholesale
merchants of the city would all 'stand
in' on this proposition as they do on all
others which contemplate the further
ance of the welfare of this city and
State — and, for that matter, that the
plan will receive the hearty support of
all classes of our people. As a matter
of fact, it is probable that very few
people could be found who would care
to oppose what is on its face so good
and so thoroughly advisable a proposi
tion. I hope to see some definite action
in this matter in the near future. An
organization should be effected at once
and preliminary work begun. There is
a lot of hard work to be done before
the ball can be set a-rolling in good
shape, and the sooner operations are
JUSTLY PROUD OF OUR
PROGRESS.
I concur in the suggestion of The Call that the
circumstances and conditions surrounding the admis
sion of California into the Union are of sufficient im
portance to justify the celebration of the fiftieth
anniversary of that event. Californians are justly
proud of the material progress of their State and the
bearing its acquisition and development have had
upon the political fortunes of the country. The other
States, both older and younger than California, may
reasonably be expected to share the sentiments of the
citizens of our State in these regards.
To be strictly commemorative, I presume that the
celebration should take place in September and that
Admission day should be the day of jubilee. Would
it not be better, however, that our visitors should see
California in her most beautiful garb in the springtime,
when the hills are green, the flowers blooming, the
trees blossoming and all nature rejoicing ?
As to its character, I have no suggestions to make.
The half century of California's Statehood has been so
full of development and progress in every direction
that the difficulty will be to limit the scope of the com
memoration of particular events to the time and means
of the people, rather than to find subjects for illustra
tion and means of enjoyment.
How much the World's Exposition at Paris would
draw from or divide with us the patronage of other
States can hardly be predicted. There is room for
both, because it is possible to make the Jubilee of
California so unique in its character as to be at least
an even choice with our Atlantic Coast fellows as to
the event in which they would wish to participate.
J. C. STUBBS,
Vice- President Southern Pacific Company.
commenced the better for the enter
prise. The Legislature should be called
upon for help— a great, big lot of
help— at its next session, and every
county in the State should provide,
through its Board of Supervisors, f
a grand exhibit to represent its status
in the surpassing economies of the Gol
den State."
WOULD PROVE OF
. GREAT BENEFIT
The Proposed Semi-Centennial
Exposition Meets With
Approval.
A. S. BALDWIN, acting president of
the Merchants' Association, expressed
himself as highly pleased Avith the en
thusiasm elicited by the exploitation of
the plan by The Call, and declared that
it looked well for the future of the city
and State to see so many prominent
citizens united as one man In commen
dation of an enterprise for the good of
the whole State.
"It shows," said Mr. Baldwin, "that
our people are alive to any proposition
for the advancement of our public in
terests, and it is a most healthy exhibit
in the line of public sentiment. There
is no doubt that the great mass of our
citizens will heartily approve the ex
cellent proposition made by The Call in
this matter, and I think the idea should
be resolved into tangible form without
delay. A meeting should be called to
discuss the project and to organize for
definite action in the business. Work
ing plans should be formulated and ac
tive work begun without unnecessary
delay. A stupendous amount of work
must be done before such an undertak
ing can be even said to be started in
good shape, and the sooner the prelimi
naries are over the sooner actual prog
ress may commence."
"A GOOD PLAN,"
SAYS MR. HUME
With Details in Competent Hands
a Grand Success May Be
Achieved.
HUGH HUME, publisher of the
Evening Post, said: "It is a good plan.
Any is that has for its main object the
fostering of State pride or the promo
tion of national patriotism. The expo
sition idea for 1900 is all right, and I
should be glad to see it carried through
to a succesful issue, as I think it can
be if properly managed. Let the details
be put into the hands of men who will
work primarily for the good of the en
terprise in hand, and not for their own
individual interests and glorification,
and there is no reason why such an un
dertaking could not be made a most
gratifying success."
IT MUST BE
ATTRACTIVE?
Strongly in Favor of the Move
ment—The Whole State
Will Be Benefited.
BAKER & HAMILTON— We are in
favor of celebrating the semi-cen
tennial of the State by the holding of a
fair such as The Call suggests and
would do all in our power to help the
movement along. It will, however, have
to be very attractive, so much so that
it will turn the minds of those antici
pating a visit to the Paris Fair toward
our own here. Of course the possi
bilities for making the exhibition a
grand affair are good and the whole
State will be benefited thereby.OGILVIE'S
SPEECH AT
OTTAWA
Some New Features
as to the Yukon
Country.
Vast Area of Gold-Bear
ing Land Along the
Yukon.
Promise of a Great Quartz
Development in the New
El Dorado.
PROSPECTS VERY BRIGHT.
Wonderful Futvs.e Predicted for the
Klondike by the Weil-Known
Dominion Explorer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OTTAWA, Feb. 17.— 1n a public ad
dress before the Senate and Commons
of Canada William Ogilvle brought out
some new features regarding the Yu
kon country. Sir Wilfrid Laurier pre
sented Ogilvie to the audience as one
deservedly famous for discoveries in
the Alaska region, which have attract
ed the attention of the whole civilized
world.
Mr. Ogllvie, in the course of his ad
dress, referred to the fact that there
was on both sides of the Yukon and In
the country lying about the sources of
the Pelly, Teslin and other rivers an
area of 338,000 square miles of gold
bearing land, and of this 149,000 square
miles were in Canada. Referring to the
different conditions of life on the Yu
kon, where one was compelled to put
up with inconveniences and with treat
ment from companions unknown in
civilized regions, Mr. Ogiivie said he
had known the associations of a life
time to be swept away in a single day.
. There are few things here that try
friendship so severely as the experience
in the Klondike region. He illustrated
this fact by the story of a young man
belonging to his party who completely
broke down in spirits under the hard
ships which he was forced to endure,
and fell to cursing every one in the
camp, and at last the Government for
being so crazy to send an expedition to
such a forsaken country.
"But I was not so much surprised at
that," added Mr. Ogiivie, "as I had al
most begun to entertain the same feel
ing toward the Government."
Mr. Ogilvie's picture of the interior
of the country did not present a very
inviting prospect. Sailing along the
river one sees on their banks timber
from eight to twelve inches in diame
ter, and thinks the whole country is
weJJ wooded. This is not true, as the
large trees merely form a belt abuut 100
yards wide along each side of the river,
and back of that the trees seldom
grow more than six inches in diameter.
This peculiar condition is due to the
fact that the sunlight is able to pene
trate further among the trees and the
warmth of the river water also aids
their growth. Back to about 100 yards
from the river moss covers the ground
to a depth of two or three feet, and be
neath it the ground is perpetually
frozen, and the trees as a consequence
are mostly stunted.
Speaking of the prospects before the
Yukon country, Mr. Ogllvie said it was
only a question of time when quartz
discoveries would be made and the fu
ture of the country would be assured
for all time to come. He said he ex
pected a setback next year on account
of bo many going into the country un
prepared and returning empty-handed.
In regard to the scarcity of food he
stated that it was a cry annually raised
and though stronger this year than for
merly he thought It was partly news
paper talk.
At the conclusion of the address Lord
Aberdeen moved a vote thanking Mr.
Ogiivie for what he had done for the
■country.
RETURN OF KXONDIKERS.
Stewart Menzies Among Those Who
Have Just Come From Dawson.
SEATTLE, .Feb. 17.— The steamship
Queen, which arrived in the port this
morning, had on board several return-
Ing Klondikers. Among the arrivals
from Dawson was Stewart Menzies,
manager of the Alaska Commercial
Company's business at Forty-mile. Mr.
Menzies left Dawson on January 20
with an exceptionally good dog team
and five companions, and made the trip
to tide water in nineteen days. He has
been in the Yukon Valley for three
years, and now, after a short stay at
his old home in San Francisco, will
make a trip to Europe.
He has an interest in claim No. 18
on El Dorado, and has one of the big
properties cm Bonanza. He thinks a
man is foolish to sell his property out
here, for he believes that in a few
months it will command a greater price
in Dawson than would be paid any
where else in the world. He has a force
of men working No. 18 on El Dorado-,
and feels morally certain that hfa
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
11 Qothing and Woolen e ßlank-WL
II ets made by Brown 'Bros. £r^B
B Co. are the best on the Kton-
pT dike. Every one wants V°JBi
M know bow and "sberewegotjM-
Wk Claud? and Clinton *...<%&&
HiTjji I \ 3z\ r J^ 'Jf^ja
1121-1831 121-183 Sa'rfsome s^l
claim will produce at least $200,000 this
season.
Professor Lippy of Seattle owns No.
16, and with twelve or fifteen men at
work a wonderful showing is being
made. This claim is proving one of tho
wonders of the Klondike.
He says that from one of the bench
claims on El Dorado $2000 was taken
out by one man in a single week re
cently. Although Mr. Menzies is largely
interested on Bonanza, he believes that
after El Dorado Hunker Creek will
come second and Bonanza third in the
output of gold this season. Hunker is
almost rivaling El Dorado, particu
larly at the lower end, while one claim
In the forties below is paying $39 to the
pan in the gravel on bedrock.
Robert Lowrey, a Callfornlan who
for more than ten years has dug
around in tho Yukon River placer bars,
is one of the overland party that reach
ed Seattle on the Queen. Lowrey is
more than 50 years of age, and the
long winter in the north has begun to
tell on him. Shortly after the new
year he became ill.
A grave in the frozen cemetery of the
Klondike was not to his fancy, so he
decided to join a party of Forty-mile
pioneers that were coming out over the
ice..
Colin H. O'Brien is the first small boy
to make the trip up the river from
Dawson In midwinter. This youngster
was born irr Forty-mile camp a little
more than five years ago. He came
down on the Queen.
TREATY RIGHTS IN ALASKA.
Curzon Answer a Question in the
Commons.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— Mr. George Cur-
BOn, Parliamentary Secretary for the
Foreign Office, in the House of Com
| mons to-day, answering a question as to
I whether the rights and obligations re
. specting Alaska under all the existing
\ treaties had been transferred when the
United States purchased the country,
said that only certain articles of the
Anglo-Russian treaty of 1827 regarding
the geographical limits were recited in
the Russo-American treaty under
which Alaska was ceded.
Article 26 of the Treaty of Washing
ton of IS7I, Mr. Curzon added, provided
that the navigation of the Yukon, Por
cupine and Stickeen, rivers was to be
free and open to the commerce of Brit
ish subjects and American citizens,
subject to the laws and regulations of
either country within its own territory,
and not inconsistent with the privilege
of free navigation. Inquiries, he con
tinued, had been made by the British
Embassador as to what regulations
were best applicable to the navigation
irf the Stickeen River.
MRS. HASTINGS-JEROME
WEDS T. LUIS ONATIVIA.
Marriage Solemnized at the United
States Agency in Cairo,
Egypt.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordo.i Bennett.
CAIRO, Feb. 17. — The marriage was
solemnized yesterday at the United States
Agency by the Rev. Mr. Harvey be
tween T. Luis Onativia and Mrs. Has
tings-Jerome of Xew York, in the pres
; ence of Consul-General Harrison.
Mrs. Hastings-Jerome is a daughter
I of the late Judge Hastings of Califor
nia. Her sister, formerly Mrs. Cather
wood, is now the wife of Miijor Dar
! ling, U. S. A., who is stationed near San
j Francisco. Her former husband, Harry
Jerome, is a son of the late Thomas Je
rome of New York, and is closely re
i lated to Lady Randolph Churchill.
Mr. Onativia was known in New
; York for some years as the "King of
j the Dudes," succeeding Berry Wall.
A Porterville Wife Beater.
VISALIA. Feb. 17— Ed C. Phillips has
Just been brought la here from Porter
ville to serve a hundred days In the
County Jail for whipping: his wife and run
ning her out of her house with a re
volver. Phillips went home drunk and at
once started In to smash the furniture
and abuse his wife. He Is only 30 years
old.
Cayucos Dairyman Dies Suddenly.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Feb. 17. -A. A.
Currie, one of the best-known citizens of
this county, heavily engaged In dairying
interests near Cayucos. died suddenly to
day from heart trouble.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never falls. 25c*
FRANCES E. WILLORD DEAD.
Close of the Career of a TaleQted
Womar) Wf)o Devoted h\er Life
to Uplifting Humanity.
NEW YORK, Feb. Frances E. Wiliard died at midnight at the Im
perial Hotel. v , y^ ■'
S
Frances Elizabeth Wiliard was born In Churchville, near Rochester,
N. V., September 28, 1839. She was graduated at the Northwestern Fe
male College 1858, and was professor of natural sciences in 1862.. In 1866-67
she was preceptress in the Wesleyan Seminary at ; Lima, N. Y. She was
secretary In 1874 and president in 1879 of the "Women's Christian Temper
ance Union, and editor In 1879 of the Chicago Evening Post. In 1883 .she
made a journey through the Southern States, founding branches of 'the
Women's Christian Temperance Union. •
In 1884 she was one of the organizers of the Prohibition party. In 1887
she was president of the Women's Council of the United States. She
conceived the idea of the Polyglot petition against the manufacture of
and importation of alcohol and opium to the Governments of the world,
to which 7,000,000 signatures had been secured. This was presented to
Queen Victoria and the President of the United States
She wrote "Women and Temperance" (1883), "Glimpses of Fifty Years"
(1889), "Nineteen Beautiful Years" (1868, 1877, 1889), "How to Win" (1888),
"Women In the Pulpit" (1889), "A Great Mother" (1593) and other works.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
REFUSES
TO CONFIRM
THE SALE
Action of the Senate
on the Kansas Pa
cific Matter.
Turpie's Resolution Is
Adopted by a Vote
of 34 to 29. •
Thurston Defends the Action
and Business Ability of
the President.
SAYS THE TERMS ARE GOOD
However, Harris Declares the Buyers
of the Road Show Too Much Haste
Jor Confirmation.
Erscial Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 17.
After a spirited debate occupying
more than two hours the Senate to-day
by a vote of 34 to 29 agreed to the reso
lution of Turpie of Indiana declaring
the Senate's opposition to the confirma
tion of the sale of the Kansas Pacific
Railway. After the disposition of the
resolution the Corbett case was dis
cussed by Pettus of Alabama and Hoar
of Massachusetts, an agreement having
first been reached to take a final vote
upon the case on Monday, February 28.
At the opening of the session the blind
chaplain delivered a touching Invocation
with reference to the awful disaster of
the Maine.
Turpie's resolution declaring that the
sale of the Kansas Pacific ought not to be
confirmed unless the Government received
not only the principal but also the In
terest of its claim, was laid before the
Senate, and Thurston resumed his re
marks upon it. He pointed out that the
entire debt of the Union Pacific Railroad,
which included the Kansas Pacific branch,
to the Government was about $71,000,000.
The sale of the main and branch lines
would return to the Government $65,000,000,
or 91 per cent of the road's indebtedness
to the United States, principal and inter
est. This, Thurston held, was a piece of
good financiering on the part of the Presi
dent who, he said, was belter Informed
upon the value of the road and all the
details bearing upon that value than any
other official of the Government, in Con
gress or out. He pointed out that if the
sale of the Kansas Pacific were not con
firmed the President would have no other
alternative than to redeem the first mort
gage bonds and thus, instead of having in
the treasury more than $6,000,000 as a re
sult of the sale, the Government would
have to Invest about $7,000,000 more in
cash to redeem the first mortgage bonds,
and then would have on Its hands a prop
erty that was of so little value as com
pared with what some Senators Imagined
that not a single one of the great rail
roads centering in Kansas City thought
enough of It to venture a bid upon it at
the sale yesterday.
Thurstcn regarded the settlement ef
fected by the administration of the whole
Pacific railroad business as eminently sat
isfactory—a far better settlement, better
by nearly $20,000,000, than that proposed
to have been made by the Cleveland ad
ministration. "This business is in the
hands of the President, and the country
may bf. well satisfied with the discretion,
the business sagacity, the judgment and
the statesmanship of William McKinlcy."
Replying to Thurston, Harris of Kansas
read a telegram he had received last
night from Topeka, Kan., as follows:
"Government lien sold here. Special
messenger sent to St. Louis to have San
born approve sale in the morning."
Harris said he did not know what prac
tical effect the passage of the pending
resolution might have, but It was evident
that the purchasers were manifesting re
markable haste to secure the confirmation
of the sale.
Remarks in favor of the resolution were
made by Rawlins of Utah, and in oppo
sition by Gear of lowa. While Warren
of Wyoming was speaking the morning
I hour expired and the resolution, its privi
! lege having been lost, went to the cal
i endar.
Gorman of Maryland suggested that
the Corbett case be voted upon Monday,
! February 2S, at 3 p. m. This was agreed
to. The Corbett case was temporarily
I laid aside, and Turpie moved to take up
I his resolution relating to the Kansas sale.
I The motion was agreed to— 34 to 23.
The vote was then taken on Hale's mo
tion to refer the resolution to the com
mittee, tlie motion being lost— 3l to 35.
The resolution was then adopted— 34 to
2&— the detailed vote being as follows:
Yeas— Allen, Baker, Bate, Berry, Can
non, Chilton, Clay, Davis. Gorman. Har
ris, Heitfeld, Jones of Arkansas. Kenny,
Kyle, Mallory, Mantle, Martin, Mills,
Mitchell, Money, Morgan, Nelson, Pascoe,
Perkins, Pettigrew, Pettus, Rawlins,
Roach, Teller. Tillman, Turley, Turney,
Turple, Vest— 34.
Nays— Carter, Chandler, Clark, Deboe,
Elkins, Fairbanks, Foraker, Frye, Gal
linger,. Gear, Gray, Hanna, Haiisbrough,
Hoar, Lindsay, Lodge. Mcßride, McMil
lan, Mason, Morrlll, Platt of Connecticut,
Proctor, Quay, Sewell, Stewart, Thurston,
Warren, Wilson and Wolcott— 29.
The resolution as adopted was as fol
lows:
"Resolved, As the opinion of the Sai>
.ate, that the sale of the Kansas Pacific
division of the Union Pacilic Railroad,
made to-day, ought not to be confirmed,
except upon the terms that the original
claims and the interest thereon due to the
United States from said railroad com
pany of the Kansas Pacilic division be
paid in full by live bidders."
The Corbett case was laid before the
Senate, and Pettus of Alabama concluded
his speech in support of the resolution
declaring Corbett not to be entitled to his
seat.
Hoar followed with an extended legal
and constitutional arpument in favor of
the seating of Corbett.
The Senate then, at 4:10 p. m., went
into executive sesion, and ,ive minutes
afterward adjourned.
BANKRUPTCY BILL DRAGS.
Listless Speeches Upon the Measure
Are Made in the House.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.-The debate on
the bankruptcy bill dragged along list
lessly in the House to-day, interest in it
being overshadowed, as on yesterday, by
the Maine disaster. The speeches on the
floor attracted almost no attention, and
were delivered in most instances to a
handful of members. The speakers to
day were: In favor of the bill— Moody (R.)
of Massachusetts, Alexander (R.) of New
York, Broderick (R.) of Kansas, McCall
(R.) of Massachusetts, Knox (R.) of
Massachusetts, Crumpacker (R.) of In
diana and Dullver (R.) of Iowa; against
it— Little (IM of Kentucky, Smith (D.) of
Kentucky. Wilson (D.) of South Caro
lina, Maddox (D.) of Georgia, Sparkman
(D.) of Florida and Bartlett (D.) of Geor
gia.
In the course of the debate Maddox
took occasion to reply to a speech made
by Landls (R.) before the Middlesex Club
of Boston. He denounced Landis, refer
ences to the South and her people as
slanders, and said that any man who
would indulge in such misrepresentation
at a public dinner was unworthy of a
place on the floor of the House.
At 6:06 p. m. the House took a recess
until 11 a. in. to-morrow.
CLOSED UP AND
CONE TO YOLO
Significant Sign on the Door of
a Sacramento Gambling
Resort.
Final Act in the Crusade Made by
the Mayor and Chief
of Police.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAC X A MEN To, Feb. 17.— There is a
sign on the door of Mr. Daroux's place
of business which reads:
"Closed; go to Y«>lo."
Chief Dwyer is the person who prob
ably knows more about the reasons of
that little sign than any one else. At
any rate the fight between Dwyer and
Mr. Daroux has been declared off, and
just now there is not a single game
running in the city of Sacramento.
Chief Dwyer has been receiving the
congratulations of his many friends
all day, and the principal cause of the
shower of good things said has been
due to the fact that there is already an
exodus of touts, and before the end of
the week there will not be one of the
old Capitol Hotel contingent left.
The closing of Daroux's place to-day
is by far one of the most signal and
important victories won in many a
year by a Chief of Police of the capital
city.
From now on there is every probabil
ity of a general compliance with the
terms of the ordinance, which declares
gambling within the city limits to be a
misdemeanor, and it is not expected
that any one will make the attempt to
reopen the places now closed by an
order from the Mayor and executed to
the letter by the new Chief.
MARYSVILLE POLITICS.
Republicans and Democrats Nominate
City Tickets.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. IT.— This after
noon the Republican City Convention
nominated candidates for the election
to be held March 21, as follows:
For Mayor, Charles S. Brooks; As
sessor, F. E. Smith (incumbent);
Treasurer, W. C. Swain; Councilman,
First Ward, Henry Berg; Councilman,
Second Ward, F. W. Potter; Council
man, Third Ward, L. c. Williams (in
cumbent); Councilman, Fourth Ward,
Henry Sieber; Marshal, J. A. Maben
(incumbent); School Commissioners —
Dr. David Powell. EL P. B. Carden and
J. E. Boorman.
The following City Central Commit
tee was chosen: S. C. Trayner, W. H.
Parks, G. \V. Hall, A. C. Ir>vin and E.
A. Forbes.
The Democratic City Convention in
session this evening named the party
ticket for the election to be held March
21. For the offices of Mayor, Marshal
and Assessor the nominees of the Re
publican party were Indorsed as fol
lows: Mayor, Charles S. Brooks (D.);
Marshal, J. A. Maben (R.); Assessor,
F. E. Smith (D.); Treasurer, W. C.
Swain (R.). The other nominees were:
For Councilman First Ward, Adam
Euler; Second Ward. Dr. C. E. Stone;
Third Ward, G. W. Hamerly; Fourth
Ward, JHenry Frohm: for School Com
missioners—F. B. Miller. D. J. Kert
chem and William Lowery.
VALLEY ROAD EXTENSION.
Tulare Bejoices Over the Prospect
.of Early Connection.
TULARE, Cal.. Feb. 17.— Assistant En
gineer Gamble of the Valley Road with
a company of assistants is retracing the
line between Vlsalla and Jacobs Well, at
the junction of the main line with the
Tulare branch. Graders are nearing Bak
orsfield, and as soon as the grade Is com
pleted to the Kern County capital, the
force will be transferred to the Tulare
line, and the grading here will be pushed
rapidly. Tracklayers have just received
a supply of ties, and rails are being put
down at a great rate. The tracklayers
will not be far behind the graders when
the latter enter Bakersfield. The advent
of the Valley road into Tulare will not
long be deferred.
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue anU Polk Btreeu •
CRIMINAL
NEGLIGENCE
IS CHARGED.
The Clara Nevada
Was in No Condi
tion for Sea.
Her Boilers Condemned
by the Inspectors
at Seattle.
Passengers Nearly Scared Out
of Their Wits by Escap
ing Steam.
STORY OF DR. LANSING.
Never Mad© Such a Fearful Trip
in His Life — The Queen's
Narrow Escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 17.— Dr. J. W. Lan
sing of Castle Rock, Wash., was a sec
ond-class passenger on the wrecked
steam schooner Clara Nevada. The
vessel was advertised here as the fast
est on the Alaska run, and for that
reason he traveled steerage. He re
turned to Seattle to-day on the steam
ship Humboldt. H<^ said:
"I never had such a fearful trip in
all my life. We were eight days and
six hours making Skaguay. The in
spectors came aboard at Seattle and
examined the Clara Nevada's boilers.
They forbade her to carry a greater
steam pressure than seventy-five
pu-unds. All the time on the voyage she
had trouble with the boilers, and they
kept plugging the flues all the way up.
"A tube would burst once or twice a
day, and then they would turn the
water on and repair it. At one time
there was such an Immense eruption of
steam that it flooded the entire lower
deck and frightened the passengers
nearly to death.
"Many passengers wanted to get off
at Fort Wrangel and more at Juneau
if they could get part of their passage
money refunded, but Purser Beck
would not return it. Every man aboard,
I think, was in a state of anxiety after
the first day. We were all afraid the
boiler would blow up and sink us. It
was criminal negligence to allow the
Clara Nevada to go to sea with her
boilers in that condition. Her engines
were old and out of repair also. They
were always tinkering at them.
"Captain Lewis, who went down with
the ship, said at Skaguay in my hear
ing that she was the worst old tub to
handle that he'd ever seen, and he
wished he had never gone aboard. We
stopped at Juneau for repairs to the
boilers. The grub for the steerage
passengers was so bad that all we
could eat of it was barely enough to
keep us alive. Before we got to Juneau
they were actually using salt water
with which to make our coffee. There
is no doubt in my mind that her bailers
blew up."
Frank Turner of Colorado Springs,
Colo., and a Dr. Lee and wife are
known to have been aboard the Clara
Nevada when she was wrecked.
The steamer Queen got caught in
Wrangel Narrows on her last trip up.
The tide went out and she was left
stranded high and dry.
She keeled over to such an extent
that part of her cargo shifted, two
horses were killed and the ship caught
fire in two places. The fire was ex
tinguished before much damage was
done. The officers lay the blame to
an accident in her steering gear. On
her return trip here the Queen took
the outside passage and did not come
through the Narrows.
Owing to a surplus of Klondike
cargo Juneau and the whole of Alaska
is now threatened with a very serious
coal famine. Not a pound of coal can
now be bought here.
HAL HOFFMAN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nn&HT Let WHISKY get the BEST
IN of y° u - GETthe BEST of
UUII I WHISKY, which is the!
■rfc^- GENUINE ■'■:- ! M/''
KM . DISTILLERY
T\i 81*9 1 BOTTLINQ OF
I?tM OLD ■
fif PEPPER
Wm&'tHTfuAY- Wm Bott ' ed and Dist: "cJ
EXT«A CAUTION cjt fj TAfj v pppppD
l&f&r&ZlS&S'* : \]hV V PPPPPP
; jj^gt£tigjg*~^g- ij JilB« Li l Hill Liv,
in & co,.
■W^ tsggt'^w i ,"■ '■ "■■
Kr JSs^ i. Lexington, Ky.
T' !^ -~" Under the same FOR-
A} TtS? V£rss&'-'- : ~ ABSOLUTELY 1 °the
! iiV '■'w.4s»mS*m * PUREST and BEST In
liiliiS sAMpLEcAsES|S
Mi/'lLr lCx '^ tonkv _j oAWrLt UAot *Ij
TEI jj^'^'^'i( J iirTlllil" J jj3i Sent on trial, which, if
rot satisfactory, can bo
* J ™^H«K3^^^^ returned and money will
be refunded. -; : -;■..;,
CARROLL STCARROLL,
306 market Street,
' Sole Agants (or the Pacific Coast.
Will cash PEPPER coupons.
AMUSEMENTS.
WEEK DAYS ARE THE BEST TO SEE
THE " MICROSCOPIC MARVEL. ,
CHIQUITA
She Is but ■ One-third the Size of Mr. or Mm.
WXfltSSgf&C}' General ; Tom i Thumb. iiWmiiiJWlrf
THE CHUTES —
Every Afternoon and .Evening,' ■'■ ■
.•- '..:. ..; ;i; Rain . or.. Shine..'., '.-.■.--■
. 10c to all. including .Vaudeville; children, 5c ;
; ifiT VMPIA Corner of MMon and '
ULIJTIfIA- •: . ; Eddy : Streets. "' ".
The Most Beautiful ' . Music Hall -in America,
i. BYRON ; and BYRON, THE : JACKSON 3.
COUNCH, MABEL | LLOYD. I PURITA. : HOW-
ARD I and 'a' great I olio by artist*.^; > Admission
, free. ■■:* House heated. . |
; ADVERTISEMENTS. •
aFTopen Tetter
To MOTHERS.
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THB
I- EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD *\C ASTORIA," - AND
"PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/ ; DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of " PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the sams
that has borne and does now —# * — — on every
bear the facsimile signature of C4!a^/x/<&<&4£& wrapper.
This is the original " PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it /$
the kind you have always bought, " ' -on the
and has the signature of *~6&ry){ T-SucJU/tf wrap*
per. No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas. H. Fletcher is
President. a- • ' '
March 8, 1897. QA<~^.&y*^ej^^,&
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not : endanger the life of your child by -accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know. -
"The Kind You Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMJLE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed You/
»«•« C(NT»U* 00>MNTi TT WIIUT •TUCKT. iiw TO«« err*.
CATARRH CURED !
$5 A MONTH.
No Other Charges. Medicines Free.
1 This Is the unqualified offer of the Eminent
English and German Expert Specialists, 731
Market st., and is made to you to demonstrate
their superior methods of treatment. Remem-
ber there are five of these great doctors, each
a master in his own specialty. ;
These Five Great Doctors Cure
Asthma, Bronchitis, Catarrh, Neuralgia. Heart
Disease, Dyspepsia, Eye Diseases, Skin Dis-
eases, ' Rheumatism, Malaria. Nervous Dis-
eases, Kidney Diseases. Bladder Diseases, In-
somnia, Hysteria. • Dysentery, Paralysis. Rick-
ets. Scrofula. Consumption, Liver Disease.
Disease of the Bowels, Sciatica. Tumors and
Deformities. Spinal Disease, Rupture and all
Chronic and Private Diseases.
Send for FREE Book and Symptom Blank
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
(Incorporated for $260,000),
Masters of Chronic Diseases,
731 Market Street.
Hours, 8-5; Evenings, 7-S: Sundays, 9-11. .
Phone Green 601.
CONSULTATION ALWAYS FREE.
AMUSEMENTS.
WAR— WAR— WAR.
The Thrilling, Sensational. Musical Production,
"BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG."
AT
Mining Fair
MECHANICS' PAVILION. V "
TONIGHT.
Rendered by Rogers & Bennett's Military
Band, aided by two other bands; three fife and
drum corps; two military companies; five hun-
dred children in choruses; one thousand rounds
of blank cartridges fired; artillery salutes and |
a generally wonderful production. It's a "hit"
every time.
OTHER ATTRACTIONS.
The Hewitts— Daring, marvelous performances
on running globes; Jugglers, dancers, etc.
SOUVENIR SPOONS.
To ladies purchasing admissions from 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. to-day.' Cooking lectures for ladles
(not Klondike style) by Miss Davies. Entire
change of Moving Pictures shown free..
TO-MORROW,
SATURDAY BERKELEY DAY.
• School children, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., admit-
ted for 10c each and given a bag of candy. See
Saturday's papers • for details. Great Pro-
gramme. ■ ■■ ■
Admission, 25c. Children, 15c'
SUNDAY SCANDINAVIAN DAY.
ANTON SCHOTT,
. Last recital of the series by the Favorite
Tenor and Court Singer of the late Emperor
William I of Germany, assisted by other promi-
nent 1 artists. - '
TO-NIGHT— WAGNER ABEND —TO-NIGHT.
(Lohengrin, Melsterslnger, Trlctan, Isolde, etc.) I
ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, Mason and
Ellis streets. - ' , ,
Prices, .Including reserved seats, $1 and GOc.
General admission, . 25c. \ Reserved seats on sale
at Sherman-Clay, music store from 9 a. m. to
5 p.' m. ..'"■'..■
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB—
Winter meeting, 1897-98, Beginning MONDAY,
•. February 7, to February 19, Inclusive.
•;■; . OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY. TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH ■ DAY.
— RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry-boats '•■ leave ; San Fraricisco at ' 12 ■' m.
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30; and 3 p. m.',
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to '.track. ■■ Buy your ferry tickets to . Shell
Mound. Returning— Trains leave the Track at
4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and immediately after. the
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR..?Pres.
R. B. • MILROY. Secretary.
INGLESIDE COURSING , PARK.
Two Days! Two Days! Two Days!
GIGANTIC ENTRY!
Saturday 1 P. M. , Sunday 1 1 A. M.
AMUSEMENTS.
rSJUIANDIB GOTHOB a C 9. usstts &«tuuti»
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY,
The Famous Original BOSTON I
Barnabee & Mac Donald, Proprietors.
I Direction Frank L. Perley.
Presenting for the first time here
"THE SERENADE!"
NEXT WEEK,
Last Performances of
"THE SERENADE."
Seats now selling for all remaining perform-
ances of this opera.
f£a£umJta cMatrc
VFRIEDUNOtfi GOTIIOB aC»UiSfli
• • -■. .".- . This Week Only. .
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Harry Corson Clarice,
And His Own Excellent Comedy Company, In
George H. Broadhurst's Farce,
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES."
NOTE— Reunion of the 'Jones"—
"JONES NlGHT"— They'll all be there.
EXTRA !
NEXT MONDAY, February 21, 1
The Accomplished Actress '
MARIE WAINWRIGHT,
In the New Domestic Drama Called
"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER."
SEATS NOW READY.
fRIEOLANDEB GOTHOB 6 V> utsus ft/waut»
SPECIAL NOTICE I
In Consequence of the
EXTRAORDINARY SUCCESS
And the Enormous Demand for Seats to the
Performance of the
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
The engagement of this company has been
extended one week longer. Seats now on sale
for all remaining performances. Next Week,
Positively Final Performances. Engagement*
elsewhere prohibit further extension.
—THE TALK OF THE CITY—
FILSON and ERROL, society sketch artists;
WANRELL and MAZZI. operatic stars; MAUD
BEAL PRICE, vocalist and mimic; ADEL-
MAN and LOWE, musical specialties; Alj
WILSON, German comedian: FILLIS' DOGS,
the canine wonders; OLIVETTE, silhouette
artist; BROTHERS DAMM. eccentric acro-
bats; AMERICAN BIOORAPH, new scenes.
Last Three Nights of the Reigning Sensation,
THE GREAT GAUTIER.
Reserved seats, 25c: balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 60c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kiiei-ivo, Proprietor 4 Manaser
EVERY EVENING.
The Success of Successes,.
"SAID PASHA."
A great cast. Beautiful i Scenery, Elegant
Costumes, Gorgeous Accessories.
Every Number Doubly Encored.
Next opera— Milloecker's "nautical success*
'THE' VICE-ADMIRAL."
. Popular price 5........ 25c and SO*
BOX OFFICE ALWAYS OPEN,
ALCAZAR B ™*'
J-\L*,^/f\Z^t^l\* Main 254. '
, " . MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Every Night, Including Sunday, the Reigning
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
THEATER ALWAYS CROWDED. .
Price 5............; .............15c. 23c, 35c 60c
Extra Matinee* Washington's Birthday.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Second Week of the Popular Sterling Actor,
HARRY MAINHfILL,
" In Bronson Howard's Great; War Drama,
;"SHENANDOAH!"
The First Production in This City . at Popular
. ... .- ■■ ■: „ . >.-. Prices. - : ■ .-. - ■■• ■
A Strong Play With New People in the Cast.
Grand Stage and Scenic Effects.
Evening Prices, 10c, 25e, 50c. Matinees Satur- ; :
day and Sunday. . ■-..'• . ' ■ '■ : -■"■""'•-'•;
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and Webster sts.
LANE LECTURES
FRIDAY EVENING, FEBRUARY 18,
DR. CHAS. M. FISHER,
"THE CELL AND ITB RELATION TO HERBDITT.''
910
PROBING
BRIBERY AT
SAN JOSE
Policeman Schully in
a Confessional
Mood.
Makes a Statement of the
Money Paid for
His Job.
Of Course He Tries to Throw
All The Blame Upon
His Wife.
INDICTMENTS EXPECTED.
Many Wltneßses Summoned to Give
Testimony as to the Corruption
of Councilmen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. Feb. 17.— John P. Schully,
the police officer, who has been charged
■with having secured his position on
the force by means of money alleged
to have been paid to W. C. Krieg for
Councilmen Julius Krieg and George C.
Dittus, got into a confessional mood
to-day. He expressed himself as being
of a mind to tell all that he knew rela
tive to the transactions that resulted
In his being appointed on the police
force. Later, however, after he had
had an lterview with Juilus Krieg,
one of the accused Councilmen, he ex
perienced a change of heart, as was
shown in the course of an interview he
vouchsafed to Deputy District Attor
ney Partridge.
Schully went to the office of the Dis- j
trict Attorney voluntarily this after
noon and submitted t.o an examination,
but his manner and answers were not ''
those of a man who was disposed to i
make a clear breast. His answers were |
evasive, and showed a strong inclina- i
tion to shield all those who had been !
implicated in the corrupt transaction |
except his wife. He seemed to take a '
deep gratification in laying all the
blame the woman whose fortune he
had squandered, and whom he after- !
ward virtually deserted.
The substance of his statements to
the representatives of the District At
torney's office is as follows:
Krieg has done repairing for me. I
should judge he did $.">o worth. I saw
Julius to-Gay on the corner of Xl Dorado
and Market (Cavalaro's saloon). I never
asked Julius Krieg if he ever got any
money. My wife has paid the money. She
■wants to get me into it. She has done it
and I don' i know why she did or how she
did it.
y.— Did what? A.— Paid that money.
She said she was going to pay the money.
I wasn't present when she paid the
money to Krieg. I never saw the
money.
Q.— This $50 note was given to W. C. j
Krieg by you and your wife as part pay- !
ment of the $200 to secure you your Job,
wasn't it? A.— Well, it is true; that much, ■
yes.
Q.— You knew It when you signed it?
That the money wen: over to W. C.
Krieg? A.— Yes.
Q.— For part payment of your position?
A.— No.
Q.— Didn't you tell me that in the pres- !
ence of the Chief of Police the other. day?
That might have been true enough.
— You did speak to Krieg about get
ting a position on the police force? A.—
I did. It was before the delivery of this |
note. Of course I went to see Krieg to i
§cc whether he was going to support me. I
Kept at him most every day, as much. I |
guess as any other Councilmen.
Q.— he ever Intimate to you that it j
would be necessary to pay any money to '
either him or anybody else to secure your
position? A.— He did not, never did." He I
asked me how the other Councilmen j
Stood. ■'■'■■:<:■ X
Why did you sign that note? A.— !
Just because lie wanted it. My wife said i
it was the balance of the $150. .. I mean I
balance of the $200. I paid the money to
keep her from paying it,
. Q.— To keep her from paying It as the !
price of your job? A.— That was the sup- !
position with her. Because I was not in
favor of it. She volunteered to pay it.
I signed It to save her , from paying it.
Of course she signed it with me. She
•was responsible for the payment. •
Q. — You were going to assume the pay
ment of that $50? A.— Yes. She said the
$200 was to be paid to W. C. Kriee. She
said then to get me on the force. I don't
know whether she said it in W. C.
Krieg's presence or not. She gave him
the money. I did n<it see her give it to
him. W. O. Krjeg was present when the
note was signed.- I guess the note is in
W. C. Krieg's handwriting. I don't re
member whether it was his handwriting
or whose it was. If the note was drawn
up it was not drawn up in the housr.
Don't suppose my wife drew it; might
have been W. C. Krieg: might have been
his bookkeeper. ■ I'll tell you • right now
I don't know whether I signed the note
dT not. I don't recollect. It was given j
to me. I tore the signature off because !
the note had been paid. The signature
■was on the part I tore off, her signature.
But I. could not swear at the time
whether I signed it or not- I didn't cut
"W. C. Krleg's name out of it. Krieg cut
It out. It was cut out when it was
handed to me. I "know when I signed
the note it was part. payment of the $200.
Krieg didn't tell me who '' wanted • the
money. He said he needed the money.
He said, like this: "Jack, I have -got to
have the money. . They want the money."
Q. — Didn't you know you were signing
that note for a specific purpose and that
the purpose was not the payment of any
debt that- you owed Krieg for work done
or for money borrowed from W. C. Krieg?
Didn't know that. . My wife may have
tried to raise $200 first. I don't know it. I
know where she got the $150. She said she
got $150 in cash. She said that Will want
ed $50 more. My wife was the one that
worked it, and I told her not to do It: I
remembe* ■ . of hearing no talk between
Will Krieg and my wife. There was no i
talk at the. time I signed the note. No- i
thing was said as far as I can remembor.' j
How did you come to sign the note?
A.-- said the money was all right and '■
she had it. My 1 wife said this. He- said '
lie wanted $50 more. . I heard him say i
that. He said that to me and my wlfo i
said that he wanted $50 more.. That was •
in my house. My wife said she didn't i
know where she was going to get It. Then i
he said he would come around and see I
her, or something like that.. 1 don't re- :
member exactly. He came over in two or !
three days, maybe a week or two weeks j
I have forgotten exactly. '■.<*-. .'- ,*.
And he brought the note over writ
ten out? A.— Yes. The note was signed !
and lie kept the note. I ; think It was !
signed In the house. I . guess it was in
the front parlor. That was 'before I was
appointed. Don't know, whether. I signed.!
it or what passed. I got approached by
both of them. I ; couldn't tell you who
spoke first. I ■ might ; have signed it and
might not. They called me in to have me
eign it. What would be my object in tell
ing you I didn't if I did? Actually and
candidly I would rather 'be in there
(meaning State prison) than live with th«
woman as I have. I don't remember
signing it. ; "■;■ "'..-■; V ■■''.' . "■ '-'.-■■ ■ ',
Q.— When the note was given to you by
■W. C. Krieg, after you had paid the en
tire note, didn't you notice. then whether
your name was on it or not? A. — didn't.
If , Billy Krieg gave me the note it must
have had the signature on It. I don't re
member tearing the signature off. I tore
It off, but I don't know whether my sig
nature was oofn f it or not. At the time the I
note was given nothing was "said what ,it i
was si yen for. "■'-■• • " '* : •• • ' ■-'■•--■ ■■ ■■
Q.— Krieg Paid that note was given him |
ATTRACTIVE FEATURES OF THE CLOVERDALE CITRUS FAIR.
THE CLADS SPRECRELS BUILDING
MADE OF ORANGES.
Mrs. L. A. Domine's- Exhibit.
for pump work; was It or was it not? A.—
No.
y.— Then it was given for this specific
purpose, of making part payment of the
$JiiO which got you your position? A.— l
can't say whether the $200 got me my job
or not. but I supposed the money did go
just for that purpose.
Q.— And you understood at the time you
sigrwed the' note the money was going for
that purpose? A.— Just because she vol
unteered to pay it.
y.— You signed the note with the under
standing that that money was to be used
for that purpose? A.— No; I couldn't say
that. I don't believe Julius Krieg got that
$50. I paid it to W. C. Kriee.
y.— You made a remark that you
thought the whole thing was done by
your wife to get even on you and \V. C.
Ivrieg. Now why should she want to get
even on you and Krieg? A.— Well, for
some reason 1 can't tell. She said she
didn't care if it did hurt me, if I lost my
job. I don't know whether my wife told
any falsehood in that affidavit or not.
She might swear to a false statement.
She might have been influenced into it. I
guess she would swear to something that
she knew was false. I don't know ex
actly how the affidavit read. I can't re
member all the points in it now.
y._\Vas there anything that made the
impression on you at the time lhat any
of the affidavit was false? A.— Yes, some
exaggerations in it.
As announced in The Call this morn
ing, the Grand Jury will take up the
Krieg-Dlttus-Scully bribery matter at
its session to-morrow morning. Sub
penas were issued for the following
witnesses to appear before the Grand
Jury to give testimony: W. C. Krieg,
Councilman Julius Ivrieg, J. P. Fay,
George B. Dittus and William T. Nolt
ing. Chief of Police Kidward, E. F.
Sawyer (a reporter on the Mercury),
City Attorney Welch, City Clerk Cook,
John H. Scully, Mrs. J. H. Scully, City
Treasurer Ewing, Mayor Koch, L. Sei
denberg (special correspondent- of The
Call).
It is considered probable that one or
more of the accused will be indicted
before the close of the session of the
Grand Jury to-morrow.
1»
THANKS VOTED
TO THE CALL
The New Charter Club Acknowledges
the Aid Given For Better Gov
ernment.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 17.— At the regular
meeting of the New Charter Club to
night thanks were voted to The Call
for its valuable aid in bringing to the
attention of the people of San Jose the
corruption that exists in public offices
and the crying need of a change in
municipal administration; and for its
support of the present movement for
good government Inaugurated by the
New Charter Club.
On the strength of the warmed-over
matter which it rehashed from The
Call and published this morning, the
Examiner was also thanked for its pre
sumed good intentions toward the good
government movement.
Of course had the members of the
club known that the Examiner's corre
spondent had been instructed to write
his matter so as to avoid offending
anybody, they would not have been so
ready to express their gratitude to the
$30,000 organ of C. P. Huntington and
the Southern Pacific. Those who know
the Examiner and its methods view
this delicacy about "offending any
body" as a necessary precaution pre
liminary to ascertaining on which side
of the fight the most "long green" can
be secured.
No business of importance was trans
acted at the meeting other than receiv
ing the reports of committees, all of
which reported favorable progress in
their respective work.
All the members of the club were
urged to be present at the next meet
ing, to be held on Thursday, February
24. At this meeting the report of the
nominating committee will be received
and the final selection made of the
ticket to be put out by the New Char
ter Club. The following self-explana
tory communication was sent to the
nominating committee of the club this
evening: >
To Judge J. R. Lewis, Chairman of the
Nominating CommlttPe of the New Char
ter Club, and Gentlemen of the commit
tee: My name has been mentioned as a
candidate for the Mayoralty of this city,
and recommended among others to the
nominating committee of the New Char
ter Club by a committee representing sev
eral kindred organizations. To these gen
tlemen and associations who have accord
ed me this evidence of esteem and confi
dence I am exceedingly grateful. I am
not, however, nor shall I be: a candidate
for any office. My effort in behalf of
clean, respectable government is not for
the reward of office, and I respectfully
request that my name be withdrawn from
any further consideration by this club or
the citizens of this municipality. Very
respectfully submitted.
C. M. WOOSTER.
The withdrawal of Mr. Wooster still
leaves three candidates in the field, any
one of whom- would provf acceptable
to the better element. These are J. P.
Jarman. S. E. Smith and A. K. Whit
ton.
One of /the severest blows at the
gang, and one which has created con
sternation in their ranks, was the an
nouncement published in The Call this
morning that Frank Stock would not
be a candidate under any circumstan
ces.
To Cure a Cold Irj One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund th<> money If It fails to cure.
25c. The eenulnn has L.. 13. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
PROOF OF
THE GUILT
OF DREY FUS
General Pellieux Says
That the Evidence
Exists.
Revelations at the Trial
of Zola Cause Great
Excitement.
The Noted Officer Forced to
Attack the Army and Make
Secrets Public.
NEW SENSATIONS ADDED.
BoisdeWre Called Upon to Make Cor
roboration, but He Is Not
Found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Feb. IT.— The usual crowds
assembled at the Assizes Court to
day, the tenth of the trial of Emile
Zola and M. Perreiux.
During the course of the proceedings
General Pellieux intervened. *He said:
"If you insist" upon the whole truth
you shall have it." Continuing, the
general declared that a long time after
the condemnation of Dreyfus the Min
ister for War acquired new proof, pre
viously unknown, of his guilt. This
proof, the general added, was In a note
reading: "Never say you have had re
lations with this Jew."
General Pellieux called General Bois
deffre as a witness of the above state
ment, but Boisdeffre was not present
and the court adjourned.
The revelation made by General Pel
lieux caused the greatest sensation
among military men, who expressed
regret at the fact that the General
should be forced by attacks on the
army to reveal matters which should
be kept secret.
When the session was resumed Gen
eral Pellieux rose and in an unexpect
edly loud voice said: "I ask to be al
lowed to speak."
His manner caused excitement In
court, and it increased as the general,
advancing steadily to the witness
stand, said: "We have acted legally,
but, as the defense has not cited certain
essential matters, I will repeat, in the
words of Colonel Henry, 'You ask for
light. Then you shall have it.' "
Continuing, General Pellieux said:
"At the time M. Castelin interpolated
the Government, the Minister of War
had received an absolute proof of the
guilt of Dreyfus. This proof, which I
have seen, is in the form of a note in
which are the words, 'Never say you
have had relations with this Jew.'
"This was not signed and was accom
panied by a visiting card on which was
the same cipher word as on the docu
ment. General Boisdeffre can corrob
orate what I have said." (Applause.)
"This is an absolutely new feature
thrown into the case," said M. Laborle.
"You have read the report of M.
d'Ormescheville," replied General Pel
lieux, "although it was read behind
closed doors."
To this remark M. Laborie retorted:
"This document cannot be considered
reliable evidence until it has been fully
examined. The condemnation of Drey
fus was brought about by a secret
document, and it now appears that a
second document exists. Why should
it not be discussed? The excitement in
the country is increasing daily. It is
our duty to insist upon the fullest light,
and, whatever may be said, a revision
of the trial has now become absolutely
imperative." [Murmurs and applause.]
"Let this document be shown us,"
continued M. Zola's counsel, "and If
Dreyfus is guilty we will admit the
fact and we will all return to our avo
cations of peace or war, which, Mon
sieur Generale, we need not fear with
such officers as you. (Applause.)
Continuing, M. Laborie said: "Let
General Pellieux, therefore, explain
himself unreservedly and let the doc
ument be brought."
"I absolutely approve of the words of
General Pellieux," replied General
Gonze, "but I do not think the docu
ments in question can be brought
here."
At this stage of the case General Pel-
Heux interposed, saying: "Mention has
been made of a secret document intro
duced at the court-martial; but no
proof has been adduced. I ask that
General Boisdeffre be heard."
A captain wae then dispatched to
fetch General F.olsdeffre, and in the
meanwhile the presiding judge called
upon Major Esterhazy to testify, but
M. Labnrie intervened. He said: "Oh,
no. Not until General Boisdeffre has
been heard. The incident is too grave
for the case to proceed until it is com
pletely cleared up."
Major Esterhazy, who was about to
enter the witness stand, his face deadly
pale, thereupon withdrew and the court
suspended the session in order to allow
M. Laborie to draw up certain argu
ments.
In the meantime the excitement in
creased. The incident was discussed in
a frenzied manner and the general
opinion expressed was that the trial
had taken a sensational and grave turn.
When the court was again called to
order General Boisdeffre had not ar
rived, and so the court was adjourned
until to-morrow.
TO IMPROVE THE
SACRAMENTO
Surveys to Be Made and
Weirs to Be Con
structed.
Auditing Board to the Commis
sioner of Public Works
Takes Action.
Practical Suggestions of Engineers
Morse and Randle Will Be
Carried Out
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 17.— At a meet-
Ing of the auditing board to the Com
missioner of Public Wurks held to-day
at the Capitol, Commissioner Leake
made the following recommendation:
Believing it to be a matter of great
benefit to the Sacramento River gener
ally, and having received a petition
from many resident land-owners in the
vicinity of Marysville, I mc-st respect
fully recommend and urge the con
struction of weirs across Butte Slough
and Tisdale break, up to the height of
the natural bank.
A resolution by Mr. Markley was then
introduced signifying the consent of the
board to the project, and directing the
Commissioner to proceed with the sur
veys necessary to form a basis of the
cost of the proposed improvement.
The report of Engineers Nourse and
Randle on the proposition of construct
ing easements on the west bank of the
Sacramento, in Yoio County, was as
follows:
Hon. E. E. Leake, Commissioner of
Public Works: In compliance with a res
olution of the auditing board requesting
information, and pursuant to your in
structions to prepare the same, we here
with submit the result of a recent survey
for the determination of the best location
for a proposed easement above Elkhorn.
designed for regulating the flood flow
through the river channel and offering
relief to public interests now injuriously
affected by diversion of waters through
existing crevasses in that neighborhood.
It has been determined from frequent
observation of results of a flood volume
registering a height of 24^ feet on the of
ficial gauge at the foot of X street, Sacra
mento City, that such may be continued
through all ordinary flood periods with
perfect safety to all interests and abso
lute advantage to many.
A careful consideration of the flood
conditions, as presented through the rec
ords of several years, reliably compiled,
enables us to establish with tolerable
accuracy such height and length of ease
ment as will regulate the maximum flood
height at Sacramento to 24 I *. feet on the
official gauge at the foot of X street,
though the fact that the tributary vol
umes of the Feather and American riv
ers may not always reach flood stages
simultaneously with the Sacramento may
render the determination of an exact flood
height to some extent uncertain, yet
ample precaution has been taken to pro
vide against contingencies of this char
acter and render flood control compara
tively safe.
On the land of Elizabeth Jacob, about
two and a half miles above Elkhorn, all
the conditions favorable to location and
economical construction of the proposed
easement are found to exist. The low
lands of the Yolo basin here approach
nearest the river bank, and the basin
through which runs the State drainage
canal lies within about half a mile of the
selected site.
The length of the proposed easement
should be 2600 feet, with a crest elevation
of thirty feet, computed from the K
street gauge as plane of reference. Such
a crest would correspond with the natural
surface of the ground elevation at the se
lected site, and with a flood volume cor
responding to that of 1896-7, measured just
below the mouth of Feather River, would
discharge 85,000 cubic feet per second into
the Yolo basin, thus reducing the flood
volume to such an amount as could be
carried within the river channel without
endangering the interests below.
The river levee on the estate of H. B.
Wood, about three miles above the mouth
of Feather River, is totally destroyed
from erosion and will require* at least 25,
000 cubic yards of earthwork to restore or
rebuild the embankment to such dimen
sions as we deem necessary to safely con
duct the passing floods to the relief weir
or easement below.
This rebuilding of levee, additional to
the 125,500 cubic yardß before determined
to be necessary for a complete or safe
system of levees below, should bj? as
sured by the landowners and parties in
interest before the easement Is con
structed. Most respectfully,
M. A. NOURSE, Chief Engineer.
O. N. RANDLE, Assistant Engineer.
The engineers were then instructed to
make estimates of the amount of earth
which will be necessary to fill up the
present breaks to the level of the
former levees. They were also directed
to make a survey of the land between
cut off six and seven on the San Joa
quln River and report at the next
meeting. Major Heuer, U. S. A., was In
attendance upon the board as consult
ing engineer. After allowing a few
bills the board adjourned.
FLEECED
OUT OF A
FORTUNE
Alfred Overend Led
Astray by an Ad
venturess.
Ten Thousand Dollars
Taken From a De
luded Old Man.
Minnie Campbell Plays a
Shrewd Game and Wins
a Large Stake.
A BOGUS FATHER'S CRIME
A Bunko Scheme Where Hearts
Were Trumps and Money Was
at a Discount.
The police are searching for an at
tractive young woman named Minnie
Campbell. She is accused of robbing
Alfred Overend, a wealthy capitalist,
of $10,000 by a clever confidence
scheme. Several months ago Overend
met the Campbell woman and fell des
perately In love with her. Subsequently
she was taken sick and Overend paid
her doctor's bills amounting to $1500.
After recovering from her illness the
woman received a letter from Los An
geles in which It was stated that her
father had been arrested on a charge
of murder. The letter stated that it
was necessary for her to send at once
$1000 to pay the attorney who had been
employed to defend him. The writer
also suggested that she send an addi
tionel $500 to be used in obtaining evi
dence for the defense.
Overend, touched by a pitiful appeal,
gave her the money. Abtnit a week la
ter the woman showed him another let
ter which she claimed she had received
from her.. brother, who was then in Los
Angeles. He stated that their father
had been convicted of manslaughter,
and it would be necessary to send more
money in order to save him from going
to San Quentin.
He said that $200 would enable him
to fix the case so that the sentence
would be indefinitely postponed. The
brother visited Overend's house sev
eral days later and told a pitiful story
of how his father had been convicted
of a crime of which he was not guilty.
While he was speaking to Overend
the Campbell woman entered the house
and begged Overend to save her father
from being sent to the penitentiary.
Overend readily gave up the money,
and promised to give more If necessary.
While the woman and her brother were
scheming to get an additional sum
from him, Overend became suspicious,
and consulted Chief Lees.
The latter at once telegraphed to
Los Angeles and learned that no such
man as Campbell had been arrested
tor murder. He Immediately detailed
two detectives on the case with in
structions to arrest the clever confi
dence woman at all hazards. While
they were searching for her the clever
adventuress suddenly disappeared. It
is believed that she has gone East-
Last night Overend again visited po
lice headquarters and gave Chief Lees
a picture of the woman who had so
cleverly robbed him.
The Chief expects to arrest her, as
she is well known, it Is claimed, In the
East as a clever confidence woman.
AFTER A BONDSMAN OF
EX-COLLECTOR WELBURN.
The Government Sues "William P.
Dougherty of San Jose for
?4 1,030.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 17.— The United
| States Government to-day filed a claim
! in the County Clerk's office against the
i estate of William P. Dougherty for $41,
j 030, loss through the defalcation of O.
i M. Welburn, ex-Collector of the Port
lof San Francisco. Dougherty was one
I of Welburn's bondsmen, and under the
! law is held responsible for the full
amount. The Dougherty estate is worth
! about $250,000, and the filing of the
i claim was at once made necessary, as
i the estate is about to be distributed.
CLOVERDALE
IN A WHIRL
OF FESTIVITY
Auspicious Opening of
Her Great Citrus
Fair.
The Town' in Gala Dress
and Business at a
Standstill.
Elaborate Display of Sonoma
County's Resources in
the Pavilion.
SOME UNIQUE DESIGNS.
Names of the Principal Exhibitors
and Leading Spirits of the
Carnival.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 17.— A1l Clover
dale is in holiday attire. The weather
is delightful, business is practically at
a standstill, and the masculine as well
as the feminine portion of the town
has arrayed itself in its Sunday gar
ments. The houses and stores are
gayly decorated with the adopted car-
nival colors — green, white and yellow —
and the residents are giving themselves
up to the full enjoyment of the many
beauties contained in the Citrus Fair
on this, the opening day, and for five
days to come, for the fair has devel
oped from a chaotic condition into a
charming and well regulated actuality.
It must be said that each and every
Cloverdalian takes a proper pride and
a wondrous interest in the venture
and will devote all his tfme and most
of his energy to achieve complete suc
cess in the sixth exhibit of Sonoma
County oranges, olives, lemons, wines
and deciduous fruits. A large and
imposing building has been erected on
West street especially intended to ex
hibit the abundant resources of the
county, and the interior is gayly dec
orated. There are oranges everywhere,
oranges in a loose state, oranges at
tached to the graceful branches which
have matured them, and oranges fash
ioned into every conceivable shape and
design by deft and willing hands, for
Sonoma County would have you know
that it compares favorably with the
boasted Sunny South in the number,
variety and quality of that luscious
fruit.
There is plenty to please the eye and
to interest the mind at the Citrus Fair,
and at the same time one cannot fail
to be impressed with the wonderful re
sults attained in the fertile soil of
Sonoma County and the immense va
riety of its products. Although oranges
may be said to be the predominant
feature of the exhibits, there are others
equally interesting. Here may be seen
limes and lemons of massive size and
excellent quality; all sorts and condi
tions of vegetables; olive oil of the
purest type; olives, ripe and pickled;
wines of every description, equal if not
superior to the best foreign vintages,
and a multitude of other products that
show the prolific nature of Sonoma
County's soil and appeal to the epi
curean taste of the satisfied onlooker.
The officers of the Citrus Fair Asso^
ciation, who have labored assiduously
in its behalf, and whose efforts have
been crowned with unbounded success,
are: President, J. B. Cooley; vice
president, M. Menihan; secretary, A.
F. Domine; directors— C. E. Humbert.
L. Vasconi and F. W. Brush. They have
arranged special features for each of
the five days to entertain visitors and
Saturday will be San Francisco day.
for which extraordinary preparations
are being made to properly receive the
great number of people "who will no
doubt take advantage of a half-fare
rate from the metropolis and experi
ence the double enjoyment of a lovely
trip and a beautiful exhibition.
Among the noticeable features of the
fair are the following: A Roman
chariot of oranges, drawn by paper
butterflies, designed by Miss Anna J.
Smith and exhibited by William Cald
well, who also shows some Malta blood
oranges of great excellence; Ferris
wheel of oranges, designed by Arthur
Cooley and shown by J. B. Cooley; a
magnificent electric fountain, with col
ored light effects, by Brush, Williams &
Co.; an exact representation of
the Claus Spreckels building, in
oranges, designed by Charles L.
Domine, which, with its inte
rior and exterior electric lighting, is
a clever counterfeit of the original; a
Japanese pagoda of oranges, exhibited
by G. Hagmayer; Liberty Bell of or
anges, by Frank Yordi; umbrella of
oranges, by Mrs. H. A. Bentley, and a
miniature mission church, by A Lu
chetti.
Henry J. Crocker has a pretty dis
play of oranges and lemons, arranged
In fanciful designs by his superintend
ent; ;J.; P. Hill, while Captain H. F.
Heany shows twenty-five dozen or
anges picked from one tree six years
old. The Preston exhibit has for con
tributors M me.- E. Preston Mrs Fe
dora Poole. Henry Hubbard.
Among the other exhibitors are B ? F
Greene. Washington ; navels ; ; G. Zolof o'
Mrs. C. '-. A. Gerkhardt, Harold i George!
narcissi and daffodils Cloverdale Wine
Company, Fred Whittaker and J a
Kelser, olive oil, olives and dried fruits-
W. D. Sink, flowers and wines from the
Marietta Winery; ; George B. BaerC
B. Gallagher, L. L. ; Shelf ordVG Pullen"'
C C. Gnrriger. James A. Shaw, John
Elden, Mrs. D. Hayes, . Mrs. AM
Coombs W. A. McCray, A. Sbarborc'.
Italian-Swiss Colony, .Senator Hollo
way, Mrs. D -^ am bold, Alex Caughey,
M. Menihan, Harold George Dr A M
Coombs, M. Weaver; ; Miss Emily Haee '
mayer and j Mrs. P. H. I Ludwig. - wood
carving; Mrs. ■ C. E. Humbert and Miss
Brush, hand painted china ware, and an
artistic display of citrus fruits by L L.
Lewis "and; Miss Lena Brush '
v The ladies in charge of the art booth
are Mrs. C. E. Humbert and Miss E
Hagemayer ; f candy booth," Mrs Char
lotte :■ Vassar, ■ ; Misses Mac Dobbins 1
Flora Tordi and Essie Marshall- orange
booth, : Mesdames - G. ■B. ' Baer ' S '■*- R
Sample. Misses I Ruby Reed , and Mary
Luther; x^ am £ 1 , booth. Mrs. G. Cameron
and T. B. Wilson; restaurant. Mrs. -B.;
Herman. ' -■ ' > * - :/>>: . •- . "
Robbery at Novato.
NOVATO, Feb. 17.-A tramp robbed the
Ferris place here last night, making away
with $5 in money, a silver watch and
chain and a pistol.
EThe Rosy Freshness I
y obtained by those who use Ponon'i
plexion Powder.
WILL OBEY
THE CONDUIT
ORDINANCE
Los Angeles Corpora
tions Forced to
Submit.
General Movement to Put
All Wires Under
Ground.
Tearing Up of the Most Impor
tant Thoroughfares Has
Begun.
A VICTORY FOR THE CALL.
The Public Is Pleased and the Local
Syndicate Press Hangs Its
Head.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 17.— Every cor
poration in Los Angeles affected by tho
conduit ordinance has concluded to
comply with its requirements. ' It was
announced semi-officially some time
ago that the Los Angeles Lighting
Company would not do so. President W.
B. Cline was quoted as having stated
that he proposed to beat the ordi
nance; but President Cline has changed
his mind, and has concluded to make
no effort in the direction of setting at
naught the legislation of the city. He
has announced that his company will
put its wires underground within the
conduit district.
It is quite evident that several corpo
rations did not until recently intend to
comply with the conduit ordinance.
They delayed operations in that direc
tion until the last, moment; but the pol
icy which The Call has inaugurated, in
fearlessly defending the rights of the
people against the encroachments and
unjust demands of the corporations and
in bringing these reluctant combina
tions to a realization of the fact that
there are certain duties which they
have to perform to the public, has had
a good effect.
The universal compliance on the part
of all the corporations with the new
conduit regulation is a substantial vic
tory for The Call. No- other journal
directed attention to the fact that some
of the officers of the companies whose
operations were affected by it had
boasted that it would not bother them
any, and at the proper time they would
knock it out. The syndicated daily
press has all along been protecting in
fractions of municipal law and ordi
nances by the corporations, either by a
series of explanations or by an attack
upon the expediency of an ordinance
after it was passed. When it was 5 gen
erally known that certain local com
panies did not intend to comply with
the conduit ordinance the local press
had not a word to say. It did not call
attention to the fact that the time fixed
by the Council, April 10 of this year, as
the outside limit within which all wires
within a certain district were to be
placed beneath the ground, was rapidly
arriving.
The Call did call attention to the
fact, and, furthermore, placed the
Councilmen on record as stating that if
the law was not complied with by
April 10 all wires overhead within the
prohibited district wouid be cut. The
result was an announcement of univer
sal compliance on all sides. There will
now be at the lowest calculation six
conduits under the streets of Los An
geles in the district.
The San Gabriel Electric Company,
the Sunset Telephone Company, the
Edison Electric Lighting Company, the
Los Angeles Railway Company, the Los
Angeles Lighting Company and a con
duit built by private parties under
franchise will be the six conduits be
neath the streets of this city. Of all
the corporations the Sunset Telephone
Company will have the most substan
tial conduit.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~I)ESKS "
The kind you want, when you
want at all, is the good kind. The
kind we sell is exactly the kind
you want.
WELL MADE AND GUARAN-
TEED TO WORK RIGHT, AND
WE SELL THEM TO YOU AT
THE WHOLESALE PRICE.
A Suggestion:
It will pay you to see our Carpets,
Linoleums and Floor Coverings.
Everything in our mammoth estab-
lishment at the famous 750 Mission
street little prices.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
TJTJTTQIJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DIIUOnLIJ '"■ bootblacks, bath-
houses, bllllard-tablee,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, rtourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturer*, 6o9 Sacramento St.DR. ORPEN TO
BE EXTRADITED
A Charge of Manslaugh-
Hanging Over Him
in New Zealand.
Accused of Killing Miss Susan
Callum by a Criminal
Operation.
In plication of Another Physician
Through Trying- to Save the
Young Woman's Life.
Arthur Herbert Orpen, at pres
onfined in the County Jail await
, xtraditlon, will probably go back
Auckland, New Zealand, on the
r Mariposa. He is wanted by the
ithoritles In New Zealand to answer
f having caused the death of
n 11. C. Mi Tallinn by mal-
Colonlal police were informed of
DR. ORPEN AND HIS VICTIM.
Miss Susan H. C. AkCalium died in Auckland, New Zealand, and Dr, Orpen
s accused of having killeJ her. He made his escape and came'to San Francrsco,
where he was arres.ed and is now in the County Jail awaiting extradition.
the crime on December 26, but on
Christmas day Dr. Orpen, under the
f:iame of Arthur Herbert, had boarded
the steamer Alameda and was then on
his way to San Francisco.
As the Alameda neared Hawaii Dr.
Orpen began asking questions about
extradition. With the fate of Butler
before him he feared to come on here,
and secured a stop-over ticket from the
purser >•{ the steamer. When the Ala
rm'da arrived here United States Mar
shal Baldwin boarded the vessel, but
his expected prisoner was gone. Orpen
could not stand Honolulu, however, and
came on here on the Australia, only to
be arrested as soon as the steamer
ducked. The next mail boat that ar
rived from the Antipodes brought De
tectlve Maddeau. who will take Dr. Or
pen back with him.
Susan Hannah Campbell McCalllim
was a handsome young woman about
24 years of age. She was born in Port
Chalmers, New Zealand, where her
father is harbormaster. or chief wharf
inger. While on a visit to some friends
in Auckland and she fell in love with a
young society fellow who led her
astray. When he refused to marry her
she went to Dr. Orpen and, according
to her dying statement, he performed
an operation from which she died.
Miss McCallum was too weak to
sign her statement, but made her mark
in the presence of a Justice of the
Peace. She died the same day and her
remains were Rent to Port Chalmers
according to her dying request.
Dr. A. C. Purchas, one of the most
prominent physicians in Auckland was
drawn into the case, through an effort
he made to help the dying girl, and
probably when the case comes to trial
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Cup of Chocolate
has a better flavor — it
tastes better in every
way — when you a re cer-
tain it is pure and fresh.
fxIIIRARDELLI'S
MONARCH CHOCOLATE
is always fresh and pure, and is un-
excelled both as a drink and as a
flavor to pastry. It has a delight-
fu'. rr>?!!cw flavor found in no other
chocolate. A sample package free
with each can of Ghirardelii's
Cocoa.
Dr. Orpen may try to shift the blame
on his shoulders. Dr. Bakewell, how
ever, who performed the autopsy, said
unhesitatingly that what D-. Purchas
had done co-uld not have caused the
woman's death.
The Coroner's jury found "that the
deceased's death was due to peritonitis,
caused by an illegal operation per
formed by Dr. Orpen." The jury was
unanimous in returning a verdict of
manslaughter against Arthur Herbert
Orpen. In his cell in the County Jail
the doctor refuses to discuss the mat
ter, but says he is willing to fight the
matter out in New Zealand.
DOHBMANN APP"R.-Ef!TATTCT>
The Directors of the Merchants' As
sociation Decline to Accept Its
President's Resignation.
At the regular meeting of the board of
director* of the Merchants' Association
yesterday. President Dohrmann tendered
his resignation as president of the board.
The board, however, decided not to accept
the resignation, but resolved to extend to
him a leave of absence for the period
that he may be away on his travels.
The following applications for member
ship were received and the parties unani
mously elected as regular members of the
association: Peyton H. Brooks, California
Saw Works; Graf Bros., George T. Marye
Jr., Daniel McLeod and W. R. SummeY
hayes.
Regarding the College of Commerce re
cently established by the Board of Re
gents of the University of California, the
following preamble and resolution were
unanimously adopted by the board, re
questing President Dohrmann to gather
data upon this subject during his trip to
Europe:
"Whereas, The University of California
has just established a College of Com-
merce for special training in branches
pertaining to commerce, manufacturing
and navigation; and
"Whereas. During recent years Ger
many has achieved signal success in the
establishment of similar schools and col
leges; therefore, be it
"Resolved. That the board of directors
of the Merchants' Association hereby re
spectfully requests President Dohrmann,
on his approaching visit to Germany, to
gather such information upon this subject
as his time and travels will permit, and
submit the same in a report therein."
WHAT THE ALASKA
COMMITTEE DID
Report Rendered for the Ben
efit of the Sub
scribers.
A Suggestion That the Work Be
Placed in the Hands of
Fewer Men.
A special meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Alaska Trade Committee
was held Wednesday for the purpose of
making an examination of the receipts
and expenditures of the persona, having
charge of the committee's funds. The
finding of the experts is furnished to the
subscribers thus:
I, Distribution of printed matter: Large Iltho
, graph maps, 50, 0 M; 16-page folders. 400.000;
■printed m*pa. 4d,OW; circular letters, 25,000;
; correspondence answered, 2000; envelopes
I printed, 20,000; maps printed on back of en
velopes tor business houses, 200.000; letter
heads, 20,000; large Jubilee posters, 10,00u;
small Jubilee posters, 10,000; hangers, 20.000; i
lists of our subscribers which were sent to
j inquirers, 5000; lists of sailing dates sent to
I railroad agents and in answer to inquiries,
j 3000.
A Pullman car was fitted up with an Alaskan ;
i exhibit and run through to Chicago, mopping j
!at all prominent places en route. During this '
trip the puny was received by the Mayors and !
■ delegations of leading citizens of Ogden, Salt
i Lake, Cheyenne, Denver an* Omaha, as well
U by the Oovernors of several States.
One of the most important results of this
trip was the enormous amount of free adver
tising obtained through the local papers of
i the cities visited, which published column after ,
I column, always favorably referring to San
Francisco as an outlining point.
The Associated Press dispatches were sent
| all over the United States.
An office was established in Chicago and
maintained until our funds no longer Justified
its continuance. '
We have a representative in New York, but
no office there.
Relations have been established with over
2000 railroad agents in the East by which they
are working for San Francisco.
The following: is the financial statement
submitted* by the secretary of the
amounts received and expended:
Total subscriptions received to date, $12,224 50;
total subscriptions paid to. date, $11,'.!.-i>. bal
ance, $228 60; ca«h received from other sources,
14; total cash received to date, $12,000; total ex
penditures to date, $10,581 48; cash on hand,
$1,418 52; amount due from subscriptions and
<.!her sources, $547 75; bills and contracts pay
able, $813 40; balance available, $1,152 *■"
General Expenditures— Salaries, office fix
tures, stationery, etc., $3,404 38; advertising,
posting, printing-, etc., in San Francisco,
$4,748 53; Eastern excursion, fitting up exhibit
for car, $817 16; posting, advertising, rent of
halls and advance agents, $R43 97; Chicago
office, rent and fitting up offices, salaries and
expenses, $767 45; total, $10,581 48.
The following- preamble and resolution
was submitted and adopted by the board:
Whereas, A telegraphic dispatch has been
published in our dully papers which is calcu
lated to greatly Injure the work of this com
mittee and cast reflection upon the good name
of our city; and,
Whereas, There Is no truth In the statements
therein made, other tha*n that two men in the
employ of the committee conducted themselves
In a censurable manner after their work for
the committee had ceased and they had been
discharged; and.
Whereas, All moneys received by this com
mittee are accounted for and have been care
fully and economically expended; therefore,
be it
Resolved, That the secretary be instructed to
furnlih the dallr P*P«"i with copies of this
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
resolution and the financial statement of the |
treasurer, and to request their publication.
And that he be also instructed to send a cir- |
cular letter to the contributors of the funds
Of the committee, embodying these resolutions :
and a report of the work done.
That in view of the importance of the work
being done by this committee, and as we be
lieve it can be best continued under the direc
tloa of a smaller number of business men,
rather than by so large a committee, we re
quest that the Merchants' Association, Board
of Trade and Chamber of Commerce, by which
bodies this committee was formed, each ap- j
point a representative, the three to constitute j
a board of management with power to act.
This board of management to report to the I
three organizations.
A former resident of'this city now re
siding In London writes:
I have just received one of your twelve-page
pamphlets or circulars from a steamship com
pany here relative to Klondike. I have lived
In California eleven years and should like to
see San Francisco get her share of the Klon
dike travel, and will therefore ask that you
send me all the printed matter. Including maps,
that you have relative thereto, and I will try
to place it where it will do good. The great
argument here Is that by buying an outfit in
a British Columbian port one saves the duty.
Replying to this the committee writes
that as a matter of fact nothing can be
saved by purchasing goods in British terri
tory, as nearly all of the Alaska goods
are purchased originally on American ter
ritory and therefore must pay duty be
fore reaching Vancouver or Victoria, and
in addition to this, according to the recent
decision of the Treasury Department it is
necessary for those buying their goods In
British territory to either deposit money
or give a bond at the place of entry for
the customs duties, and that upon reach
ing the Canadian line they must send
back to the port of entry for the money
or a release of the bond, thus causing
them considerable trouble, the alternative
being that they pay a Government offi
cial $5 a day while the goods are- in tran
sit across the American territory.
As to the evidence of increased travel
from San Francisco, the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company reports the following
sailing from San Franrlsco: In Novem
ber, 43; in December, 51, and in January
512 through passengers.
A letter from the American Consul at
Victoria says: "There is no doubt of the
Canadian authorities passing all who go
by way of Lake Lindeman and have three
months' supplies." and "any person going
to Dawson City by way of St. Michael on
an American vessel will have no trouble."
FRED BELL
A BENEDICT
Son of the Late Millionaire
Married at Redwood
City.
Miss Lillian Moulton of New
York Is the Happy
Bride.
Thomas Fred Bell, son of the late
Millionaire Bell of San Francisco, was
married at Redwood City yesterday af
ternoon to Miss Lillian Moulton of New
York. m
The ceremony, which seems to have
been intended as a surprise to the
groom's friends and acquaintances, was
very quiet and unpretentious, the knot
being tied by Justice of the Peace Han
non of Redwood City.
The groom is well known in this city,
and he has been a prominent figure In
the litigation which has arisen in hij
family since the death of his father.
His latest appearance in court was
when he brought suit in Judge Coffey's
court to oust. his mother, Mrs. Theresa
Bell, from the guardianship of the Bell
estate, alleging her incoYnpetence and
charging her with being unduly influ
enced by Mammy Pleasant. It will be
remembered that on taking the stand
in this case Mrs. Bell disowned Fred as
her son, claiming that she had merely
raised him as one of her own children
at the request of her husband.
Bell drove to Redwood City with a
couple of his friends — a woman and a
man — and shortly after noon the cere
mony took place. The only witnesses
to the marriage were the couple by
whom he was accompanied from the
city. The newly wedded couple left
Redwood City shortly after the cere
mony.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
A PLEASANT CONCERT.
The California Girls' Training Home
Given a Benefit at the Palace
Maple Room.
The benefit entertainment for the
California Girls' Training Home that
was given in the Maple Room of the
Palace Hotel last evening was well at
tended, and the musical programme
rendered met with hearty appreciation
and much applause. Flowers were
passed up so often that at one time,
when Miss Ida Lee had finished her
third encore, the stage looked more like
a June garden than a portion of a con
cert hall.
The following ladies and gentlemen
took part in the programme: Miss R.
Levison, Miss Ida Chase Lee, Mme.
Breitschuck Marquardt, Signor A. Ma
siero, John Marquardt, Emil Cruells.
ADVERTISEMENTS. j_
»♦♦♦♦♦♦'♦♦♦♦♦'♦♦'♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦>♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ *++++++*++ ♦ ♦'♦
■paw WEAK MEN!
BT/ . "^^aS^"*'"' $/ JH "It is now three months since
MB V»i»- ■ JW Xp'jtotSaoßSm I commenced 'to wear one of
W T^«» WSm your Dr. SANDEN ELECTRIC
fl^t i W^HBSwffl BELTS. I was so run down that
BB^ _^^awt^^B BBmMSS ' had to give up work. Two
| MflSflSsffgSffS iSf^W y ears ago I was taken sick and
K]^^j^^ffiirffisanjlßEW|Bßj^jHaj| have been under the doctor's
■■BBE^BoBbiSSHBBBhBB care ever since until I got your
Belt. The pain I had in my side
has left me. I have gained in weight this last month, and my health is
so much better that I cannot praise your belt enough. It has been a God-
send to me. I feel very grateful to you and will be pleased to verify,
this statement whenever an opportunity presents itself. "B.; J. ; DOW-
LING, Red Bluff, Cal., January 14, 1898."
YOU CAN BE STRONG.
Think what it means to be cured, to be manly strong, after years
of weakness. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt makes men strong by filling the
system with electric energy— the very essence of vitality. It makes man-
hood complete. You can get Dr. Sanden's advice free at the office. If you
cannot call write for the booklet, "Three Classes of Men." It tells how-
manly strength : may be regained. Address i"
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., i« 30 >-^^a^raWcuco.
... Olflce hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.
204 South Broadway; Portland, Or., 263 Washington 'st; Denver, Col., 931 Sixteenth
et.; Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main' st. ' r '.-■" . . -^ :,;,.- J *-■.%,: -
NOTE— . no mistake In the number— 63o MARKET STREET.
' '. -. r - _.■■''/ '•■.-/." ■■ . "■- ■ ■/'■ .■*»:• ■•; . .., »-;':=:'.r.-.s-,-.,..-;,.-. i - *■• ~... .-■■ .'''•■•
IN DEFENSE
OF FIGEL
Will Try to Prove Hoff
man's Wounds Were
Serif-inflicted.
Attempt to Strike Out Evidence
Tending to Supply a
Motive.
Handwriting Expert Ames of New
York Declares Figel's Receipt
Is a Forgery.
The case for the prosecution of Theo
dore Figel, charged with the murder of
Isaac Hoffman, his employer, was de
clared closed yesterday morning.
When the proceedings were resumed
on the opening of the court, Abraham
Hoffman of the firm of A. and H. Hoff
man and a brother of the deceased, was
called to the witness-stand. His testi
mony contradicted the statements of
Joseph M. Rothchild, who, when he was
on the stand, said when he asked Figel
what Isaac Hoffman had done with all
the money he had overdrawn Figel re
plied: "I don't know. I think he loaned
some to his brother Abe."
The witness said that he had not
personally borrowed any money from
his brother, but shortly before the
homicide was committed he had bor
rowed $150 from him in the name of
the firm of A. and H. Hoffman, and
that it was repaid a few days later.
Samuel T. Ames, the New York ex
pert on handwriting, was called to give
an opinion on the genuineness of the
receipt for $9500 which Figel claims was
given him by Hoffman just previous
to his death for the return of the money
shortage in his accounts.
"You have seen and examined the
$9500 receipt bearing the signature,
"Isaac Hoffman,' and dated May 18,
1897?"
"I have."
"You have compared it with speci
mens of Isaac Hoffman's handwrit
ing?"
"I have."
"In your opinion, is the signature to
that receipt in the handwriting of Isaac
Hoffman?"
"It is not."
"Now, I don't desire to ask you the
exact process by which you arrived at
this conclusion, but that is the result
of your examination, is it?"
"It is. It was then and is now."
"That is all," said Judge Murphy.
Judge Murphy, who is conducting the
prosecution, then offered in evidence
the check on the Chemical Bank of
New York for $1482 75, received by
Figel June 1, 1897, ;ind paid by him to
the account of Bernard Joseph in li
quidation of a debt of $1500. A num
ber of other checks, all representing
sums which Figel is accused of embez
zling, wer? introduced, with a mild
protest from General Barnes.
That closed the prosecution and Gen
eral Barnes, the leading counsel for the
defense, rose and said he had a mo
tion to make respecting the evidence
of the acts of alleged embezzlement.
His associate, ex-Judi?e Louderback,
suggested that the jury b» dismissed
during the argument that would follow
and the twelve men were excused un
til 2 p. m.
When the Jury had gone General
Barnes said the testimony regarding
various sums of money received by
Figel had been admitted for the sole
purpose of creating a suspicion of em
bezzlement and so furnishing a motive
fur the alleged homicide. That being
so, it became necessary for the prose
cution to show, beyond a reasonable
doubt, that such sums of money had
been fraudulently abstracted before the
evidence could go to the jury, even up
on the question of motive. The receipt
for $9500 is claimed to be a forgery.
The prosecution does not claim nor do
they introduce any testimony to show
that Figel forged it, nor ut
tered it, knowing it to be
forged. There is no evidence that he
meant any fraud in connection with
the receipt, nor meant to do anything
with it. He merely showed it to
Joseph and to Gellert, and to Joseph
M. Rothchild, and the latter impounded
it. "A crime alleged as a motive must
be proven beyond reasonable doubt,
just as much as the offense itself for
which the party is on trial."
General Barnes in concluding his ar
gument asked that the testimony re
garding the alleged embezzled checks
and drafts and the forged receipt be ex
cluded.
Judge Murphy resisted the motion.
He said it was not necessary to prove
the embezzlements and the forgery be
yond reasonable doubt, but merely to
introduce evidence that tended to show
that embezzlement and forgery had
been committed, as a motive for the
more serius crime. He also called at
tention to the fact that the $9500 re
ceipt bore the date of May IS, 1897.
whereas it had been proven that Isaac
Hoffman was in Sacramento on that
date.
Judge Carroll Cook decided to admit
the testimony. He said it had been ad
mitted by stipulation, in the first in
stance, and that it tended to show a
lack of authority on the part of Figel to
sign Hoffman's name. It was at besf
circumstantial evidence of the offenses
charged. Besides, a demand need not
be proven in cases where the party has
not in the first place the established
right to retain the sums of money com
ing into his possession.
When the case was called in the
afternoon the attorneys for the defense
called the surgeons of the Emergency
Hospital as witnesses, ahd it was ap
parently the purpose to show that the
wounds that caused Hoffman's death
could have been self-inflicted.
Dr. J. F. Kearney, who dressed the
wounds, was particularly asked as to
the powder marks that were about the
wounds made by the bullets that were
fired into Hoffman's'head.
J. Mogan, the steward of the hospital,
answered to the came line of question
ing. There were three wounds, he said,
on the left side of the head, one in
the cheek, that had a ring of powder
burns about it, and inside the mouth,
where the bullet came through the
cheek, were tatoo marks of powder
' ADVERTISEMENTS. ____________
■♦♦♦♦♦ ♦t> M ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦ ♦MMM♦M♦♦tM♦♦ MM M ♦ M ♦ ff M ♦ ♦ M♦♦MMM M M ♦ »M
IIML /Or ■ - /^MS§? f
Qr i feiiM ■
/ \ r \ flllfl T~^ p~ A* I I ~T~ Itm-i \\ \ /! m Y^nr
1 n A I DEAUTiruL ' vxLii 7 ■
... .II f ■ p«v f~*~ i^v /""\ r^^ a **^^ I \ /r— / - ~^" ■ , \ -
J i J " WOOD-WAPE \WwB-\
The necessity for making room for new goods compels us to^i^.
do this, And it's a real sacrifice, too— the entire lot to he sold \o^> — "^Z
AT ONE-THIRD LESS THAN ACTUAL WORTH. /^ ®*$ (r^ X
Oak Shelf, cut from .$2.65 io $1.75 I Taborets, cut fr0m....:. .$5.50 to 3.50 / ill »i
Paper Racks, cut fr0m..... ..... 2.00 to 1.45 . stands, cut from 4.60 to 3.25 <// , „ \ I /L' ' YVi. .:' --^
Paper Racks, cut fr0m........ 2.25 to 1.60 Stands' cut froS""""""""" , tn fS /// <p#W U\
Medicine Cases, cut fr0m...... 6.00 to 4.00 ! stands, cut from... 4-25 to 3.00 II 91
Medicine Cases, cut fr0m.....; 6.50 to 4.50 I Stands, cut from V........ 3.00 to 2.00 • _/lj V
Medicine Cases, cut fr0m...... 9.25 to 6.40 | Umbrella Stands, cut from 4.25 to 3.00 «i rvUm\ '"*
Oak Cabinets, cut fr0m........ 3.75 to 2.50 i Umbrella Stands, cut from 3.75 to 2.50 V L ''AIM- C?
Shelves, cut from 3.00 to 2.00 Umbrella Stands, cut from 3.50 to 2.00 A > rtmfltci 'iv
Bicycle Racks, cut fr0m...... 1.50 to 1.00 Umbrella Stands, cut from 2.00 to 1.35 ,) »llv\ H -
Stools, cut fr0m................ 4.75 to 3.00 j Box Seats, cut from 11.25 to 7.50 'i /-Wnvi fll
Jardinier Stands, cut from 3.75 to 2.60 | Cabinets, cut fr0m........ 15.00 to 10.00 \J i 'iW \T\ '7r,
Stools, cut from. 2.00 to 1.25 Cabinets, cut from 17.50 to 13.50 /' i-i5Mx 1^
Taborets, cut fr0m............. 4.50 to 3.00 Cabinets, cut from 18.00 to 11.50 / " "j*/ 1J -• 3
Taborets, cut fr0m............. 6.75 to 4.50 Screens, cut from 1.50 to 1.00 1 " "'■ fJJJEiI
Our Show Windows now Display % Handsomely Arranged Assortment of These Goods. fi *'- ffy\ \\^ "
125-131 KEARNY STREET. i A
boooooooooooooooob
%% T ™ PALACE :>.*?'§
° GRAND °IEL So
? SAN FRANCISCO. 5!
i" . Connected by a covered passageway. " :
© 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. © !
■■ © ALL UXDEB One Maxaoemext. O !
j O MOTE THE REDUCED PRICES : q |
i f\ European Plan. Bl. OO perday and upward >pv
I v American PIan. SS3.OO per day and upward W i
j O Correspondence Solicited. © j
' O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. q
OO OO OOP 0 0000
CURJEDMSJ^)^
v^>^£ttEkfinm
fcV^Jj^iD.S P IT Z V.ii.D.
Q vi s it DR. JORDAN'S <>»»<
Jgm Museum of Anatomy
|fßni\ :::: JIAEIET st. tet. 6th * 7th, S. T. CaL
a ■" ■ The Large of lv kind in th« WorlA-
iy|\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
l«Wn V Con.nltatloo fre*. Write for nook
...W ' I f Philosophy of Marriage.'
m a m>iucd fwcc.
•i^^^A,. a* Bi? *3 is a non-poinonon*
jt<*^^m^m^^^^^m*a remedy for Uoaorrhcpa,
;^^H^ODKEft^H| Oleet, Spermatorrhoea,
. m^^kjla 1 toa.l»y».^B Whites, unnatural dlg-
mmKf GcmrmnteM ■ charges, or any inflamma-
fSff not to ttrictnr«. tion, irritation or ulcera-
P>"^Freteau eontmgion. tion of mucous mem-
f?SITHEEVANBCHEMir>ino. bribes. Non-astringent.
V^CINCINNATI.O ■ I S ° 1 * 1 *»• »"»**«•»»'
USA >■■>■ or 80n * ' n P' a ' n wrapper,
» J^lbbbbbW. I^PW by < express, prepaid, for
I 0I 00 ' or 3 DOttles. 12.7.1.
*^b»bbbbP^% v , ■ Circular s^nt on request.
' RAILBO AD TRAVEL. .
liHSnil CALIFORNIA
IKEFiTEiBaI limited.
nnfflii SAN francisco
)■„ _ _ _ 'I Chicago.
• Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS. (
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. ; .•.iV"
' DINING CAR, .--.:■?■: <)/' .' .■ .'! .•
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawlng-Room Sleepers, ' ,
S% days to Chicago. 4% days to New . York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily 'at f 4:80 :p. m., carrying Pullman '
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. - ■ Direct •- connection :in Chicago ; and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. ..;?.<:••
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, ' Chronicle ' building, * Telephone Main j
1620. Oakland office, : 1118 Broadway. ; Sacra- .
I mento office, 201 J street. San Jos«. 7 West .
Banta Clara street. ' "
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
>;• ;• -' .'.••'•■■'.'■ (Via Sausalito Ferry). " .J. ':
• Leave - Pan r Francisco, '■ commencing Novem- • :
ber 13,1897: ■■■■-■ "
, . - Week Days— a. m., • 1:45 p. m. : -
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
• Round trip from Mill Valley. *1.-: T
THOS. COOK A SON, Agents. «1 Market
1 Street, Ban Francisco.
grains. A wound near the temple also
showed some discoloration about it from
powder burns, and the hair about a
bullet hole in the top of the head was
singed.
Dr. Edmund Bunnell, assistant police
surgeon, saw Hoffman a few minutes
before he died at the hospital, and af
ter death had occurred he examined the
wounds. His description of the Injuries
was similar to that of Dr. Kearney's.
The witness was then asked as to his
experience in treating gunshot wounds,
and after he had replied that it covered
a wide range in many of the city's hos
pitals, he was asked if, In his opinion,
the injuries to Isaac Hoffman could be
self-inflicted.
Judge Murphy objected to the ques
tion, holding that such a point was for
the jury to determine. The objection
was sustained.
The witness was asked if he had ever
experimented with a weapon, similar to
the one used in inflicting the wounds
that caused Hoffman's death, to deter
mine at what distance powder marks
would be caused.
The witness replied that he had, us
ing a cadaver for a subject. With the
pistol a half inch from the object a
jagged hole was made by the bullet
and powder stains were made about
two inches in diameter about the
wound. The outside limit of powder
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tibiiron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at. 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
* and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:»,
,■* 6:00. 6:20 p. m. ••■
\ SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m. .-■■ .. .. ■-
• Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. . ■
Leave . . : , n fr«w«t ■'■ *■ Arrive ••■ .
San Francisco. OrVt/21. can Francisco. :
Week I Sun- | rtoaUnatinn Sun I "Week"
Days. I days. I Destination dayf^ [ dayß^
7 :80 a.m. :00a.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
3 :Bop.mJtf :80a.m. ;) Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 1 10:25 a.m.
,6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m .! 6:22 p.m.
I Fulton,
7 :3oxm. ' Windsor, . 10:25 a.m. '
Healdsburg, ' '
Lytton,
Geyserville,
; 3 :80 p.m. ! 8:00 a.m. I Cloverdala. 7 :35 p.m. I « :22p.m.
j ■ I Hopland and I
7 :30 a.m. 1 8 00a.m. I Ukiah. j 7:85 p.m. s 6:33 p.m.
7:* a.in. •- • 1- ■:•■:• 10:25 a.m.
--■ ■ ; 3:00 a.m. Guernevllla 7:35 p.m. .
8 :30 p.m. .. ■ • - . -. . .... 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
;•■; . ..-■■■' • :■ .. ■ ■ and ■■■.... . -■' ■ . ••. ...-
6:10p.m. 6:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. |B:ooa.m.| gebaatcnoL |10:*0a.m.|10:Ma.m.
»:30p.m.|5^)0p.m.|- sepastcpol -- { 7:85p.m.| 7:2ap.m.
Stages connect at Santa ' Rosa tor Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. ■'* Kelseyville, • Soda. Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,' Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, HullviUe, Boonvllle,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal. > .-. -,• ■ . ; . ■
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ... ■ . . - > . - , .•
■ On Sundays round-trip' tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronicle
building. . ' .
A. W. FOSTER, • R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Aft.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897. trains will ran as
follows:- .- ' _^ .•■■-*■ "■■ ■ ■. - '
~ Southbound. > Northbound. -
Passen- ' Mixed 'atationa. ' Mlxed . Paase*
eer Sunday ; stauonB Sunday .ger
Dally. Exc'p'td 1 -^— - r — Exc'p'td , Dally.
■ 7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 8:45 p.m. <■ 5:40 pro. -
9:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m., Merced 12:50 p.m. ■. 3:58 p.m. .
10:40 a.m. - 3:50 p.m. ' Fresno ' i:80 a.m. ■ 2:20 p. ok ■
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford .:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m..
12:15 p.m: 6:45 p.m. Vlsalla * 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
; ; Stopping at intermediate po lnts when required ;
• Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ' of '
■■ C •N. ■ & •I. Co., * leaving s San ■ Francisco and
Stockton ,; at *' 6-p. ; m. daily; at . Merced -with :
stages to and from Snellings. Coultervllle. : etc. ;•
also with stage . for ■ Homitos. Martposa, i etc:
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' Via 6ausal!to Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
19. 1897. y.. : . ■:.; -:..'.■;
•■''.. •" ■'■■-■''' WEEK DAYS. ; ' : .' :
For Mill Valley and \ San Rafael— *l:Z&, •9:80
' 11:80 a. m.; •l:45.'8:«, "6:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra % trips for - San :> Rafael on ; ; Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at. 11:30 p. m. . - .
:.;. :..■ :,-. . ■■'-_■ SUNDAYS. .-•-■ ; - ; i ."
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •B:oo, ' »10.00,
i •11:30 a. m. ; *1:15. 3:00, «4:30, 6:16 p. m.
v Trains marked • run to San Quentln. — ■
- - . THROUGH TRAINS..: .
1 7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for.
Duncan Mills '■ and way ■ stations; " 8:00 a. m.
1 '■ Sundays for Point Reyes and way. stations. .-
marks was from eight to ten inches
from the body.
After the physician had explained to
the attorneys of both sides and the
court that he had sufficient knowledge
of gunshot wounds to testify as an ex
pert on such matters, General Barnes,
after hypothetically reviewing the
case, asked him if in his opinion the
wounds that caused Hoffman's death
could have been self-inflicted.
Judge Murphy objected to the ques
tion and the attorneys were arguing
whether it was a proper one or not to
ask when the court adjourned.
Anthony Burgles Trial.
The second trial of Anthony Burgle for
an assault with intent to commit murder
was commenced before Judge Wallace
yesterday morning. On July 14 last Bur
gle went to the rooms of Sigmund L.
Braverman. on Post street, and fired, it
Is alleged, several shots at the occupant.
At the first trial the jury disagreed, but
in the present trial the prosecution is
confident of a conviction.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Helena Bowon has filed suit against her
husband, Daniel Bowen, for a divorce on
the ground of desertion.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion were also filed by Nellie Dunn
against Philip J. Dunn, and by Henry J.
O'Brien against Carrie O'Brien.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■OUTHKRN I'At'IHC COJIPAST.
.;  , (PACIFIC SYS! KM. I
TralM leave nml are <lv« to nrrlTU mi
nan h:ami««.
• ' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ■' , :
i,eavb '■■—•' From Januart 1. 1898. — ARnrva
•6:00 a NUes, San Jose and Way Stations... •Sj4sa
• 7:00 a Benida, Sulsun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
~:OOa MarysTille, OroTJUeand trading Tla '
Woodland 8«4.1r
7:OOa VacaTille and Rumsey 8:40p
7:S«a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Nans.
Cslistoea and Santa Rosa 6slSp
S>OOa Atlantic ISipress, Ogden and Kast.. 8:45p
»f»«A Miles,. San Jose. Stockton, lone, .
Sacramento, Marysrille, Chico,
•j Tehama and Red UlulT -s"il»i»
•»s3oa Peters, Milton and Oakdale. »7«15p
OiOOa New Orleans Kxiirccs. Merced, Ray-
mond, Krean/', Bakerslleld. Santa
.• lUrliara, I™ Augolca, Demliig, ' •'
El Paso, Now Orleans and East. ««45p
9:00 a Vallejo. - Mertinez, Merced and
Fresno ISjIOp
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers "tt:(10p
l:OOr NUes, San Jceo and Way Stations.. J»jlBa
1 «80p Martlcei and Way Stations 7i43p
*:OOp Livennore, Mendota, Hanford and -
Visalia..' 4iW?
....... liirermore, San Jose, and Way
' • Stations...... tlOiia-.
. 4): OOp Martinez,' Sau Ramon, Vallejo,. . • . ,
\."; Napa, Calistoga, lit . Venuio and
. Santa Rosa ...................... ' •»I»A
, 4i»«p Benida, VacaTUle, Woodland,
i Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro- _ •
■ ■• ■ ' vllle and haeramento I*t4BA
4«8Of Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilSp
4t3Op Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berend»,
"Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
Santa llarbaraahd Los Angeles.. 7i49a
; ■ 4i»Op Santa Fo itctite. Atlantic Kxpress
- fnrMojaio and Ka5t.............. <,6«*sr
' <f 9:30p " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El
• , Paso. Fort Worth, Little Rock. St. ■ • ' .;.
;•- ' • ' Louis, Chicago and East .......... 510:13*.
. •TOiSUr " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
■ ■ New Orleans and East ............ §lOii.V\
6t««r Kuropenu Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... 6:411 a
•IOOr Harirards. Niles and Han Jose 7i4Ba. I
1»i»Op Vallejo «7:4»r
SiOOp Oregon Kxpi ens, Sacramento, Marys- i
> »llle, itoddl-iK. Portland, r.igct
Hoiinilaiid Kaat ■ 8:1 » A.
' SAN JiGANllltO AN!) IUDVAUDti LOCAL.
. (Foot of Market Street.) ' ".•
,"F5««aV- -- . ■■" •-"- ■' ■ ■-' pTrHSI
/... BsOOa Melrow, Seminary Park, 'JS'Jh*
I*!oiU ritelib«rg, Elmhunt, ' \m&
tl 1 :00a , San Leandro, South Saa I ? ! **'
tl»,OO M < l>wdro,&tßdlUo, jallS?
. ibVab'p Loreim, Cherry ,< t4i4Bp
4:00p ■:.'■: M- ■ * ■•'■•■■ tBi4op
S:OOp •' •■■ I ••' 6115P:
»«BOp ? Hay wards. 22 f p
7i«op '• —;•■-.. r..:-_■■;.•-■■r ..:-_■■;.•-■■ . B*4»P
•'•• p i Hani through to Niles. f .*. *' p
tt| »:OOP ;tFr o mJ »,es. |
" COAST DIVISION (Narrow 4jiauge).
. (Foot of Market Street.) -
■:il-1a Newark, (,'oiitoivillo,Hiiii.lose,Felton,
- lionldcr Santa Cms and Way
? ' ' ' . Stations.. ............;:.... ''»!••»■
, ••ilßp Newark, CenterTllle, San Jose, New
"Alnniden, F'elton, lloulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Prinoipal . Way ' ■•
i Stations ....h. 'lOiß**
; 4il If Newark. Haii Jose and Los Gatos . . . -,r OiSOa.
tl I i4sr Hunters' Excursion, SaD Jose and . ■
■■-■-■ - Way Stations ....«.......:... ..... t7ttor ;
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ;
Fr.m SIN mHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 . 11:00 a.m. . 11:33 *2:00 '. t3:04
•1:00 *B:00 *6 :03 p.m. - •v : -
?ramOllUND— Fuel or Bread w»t.— "6:oo 8:00 10.-OOa.m.
■/ tU.-OO c •1:00', 18:00; ;. »3:00 ti:CO "5:00 p.m.
!,,... c COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). .• ■ 7
■■'?■■ (Third and Townaend Sta.) (
. «i33a Han Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays 0n1y)....... , •w»a
' : • :OOa Han Joso, 'J'rcs Pinos. Hunta Crux, . '
""•;* Pacilla Grove, Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and -'
Principal Wny Stations .......... i 4tlsp
. lOi4Oa Sau Jose and Wny Stations.... »8:00 a
lit Boa San Jose an.l Way Stations . 8:83 a
•»:soi- San Matro, Redwood, Moulo Park. - ' i
Santa Clara, Han Jose, Gilroy,
!>'■.: Hollister, i Santa ; Cms, Salinas, - « " ■
•■■'.■ :■■•.- •• 'Monterey widPacliloUroTe.. .... "l Oi4o i
, *Bil Bp Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations M»:00a
" *4tlSr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations :. 9:40 a
'•SiOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations .- l:30p
: BiBop San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0: 30 p
•iBOr San Jose and Way Stations.....;.;. . 7:8 O r;
«.11i45r Ban Josaand Way 5Ut10u5......... 7:20p
■• A for Morning. -v 1* for Afternoon.
• SnndaTs •xeeiitad. ■ I Sundays only. ■ t Saturdays only. :
' ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. .
:-■ : 5 Mondays and Thursdays. =
__j:Wodn«»d»ji»odfiat!wdjuv «-
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY.
Silver lower.
Wheat futures advanced.
Other Cereals steady and quiet.
Bran lower. Middlings unchanged.
Hay firm at the advance.
Lima Bear.s higher.
Potatoes weak. Onions easy.
Butter and Eggs still tending downward.
Poultry and Game dull and weak.
Fresh and Citrus Fruits about the same.
Pried Fruits in the same old groove.
i ■ ris rule active and firm.
Meats uncha:ig'-.1.
Quicksilver unsettled.
Increased imports of Specie.
IMPORTS OP SPECIE.
Imports of Specie at this port In January
were 0,024.678, :,ciinst $279,747 in January, 1597,
and consist. . I - In goltl bullion. $885,905
In go] : i& in silver bullion and J44.223
In silver coin. The principal countries contrib
uting were Australia $778,640. Hawaiian Islands
0 and Mexico $113.34
OVERLAND SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments of freight from Northern
an: Central California via Southern Pacific
lines In January were K»MI i°ns, as follows:
From San Francisco, 9123; Oakland. 1656; San
Jose. 2638; Stockton, .-.770 ; Sacramento and East,
6699; Marysville. 2u55.
The leading items were: 376 tons Beans, 986
do Borax. 54,250 gals Brandy, 1.404,750 do Wine,
JJOt tons Canned Goods, 373 do Citrus Fruits,
6*o do Deciduous Fruits. 4204 do Dried Fruits.
ISS do Hides, 393 do Leather, 1 do Honey. 565
do Hops, 80 do Nuts. 2677 do Raisins, 490 do
Powder, 46 do Quicksilver, 437 do Potatoes, 93
do Vegetables. 179 do Wool, I*6 do Coffee, 156 do
Tea, 1234 da Sugar. 112 do Rice and 360 do
Canned Sali
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
The Philadelphia Record says:
The position of Quicksilver is In a very un
settled condition, owing to the fact that the
lease of the Almaden mines by Spain to the
Rothschilds expires during the present year,
and Spain is asking for more favorable terms
for a renewal. Although the industrial uses
for the metal are widespread, there has lately
been a decided tendency toward a reduction
of the employment of mercury in some manu
facturing processes. In gold mining it has
been supplanted to a great extent by cyanide
oi potassium. The demand for the metal from
China, where it was once used in enormous
quantities for vermilion making, is no longer
as great as it was. For years the Almaden
mines have practically had a monopoly of the
Quicksilver industry, and even now the Roths
childs still take the lead in fixing the price of
the output, but the competing of Austrian, Ital
ian and more recently of Russian Quicksilver has
grown considerably during the past .year,
while it is- rumored, on the other hand, that
the Almaden deposits are showing signs of ex
haustion. The California mines, although once
having an output of 60,000 bottles of 70 pounds
each, have recently been Inactive on account of
the low price, and now only produce about 25.
000 bottles. In ISM the world's consumption of
Quicksilver was about 6,000,000 pounds, and in
I^7 about 100.000 bottles were . produced, of
which about 55.000 fell to Almaden and the re
mainder to California, Italy, Austria and Rus
sia.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flg-
Brea at station Indicate maximum temperature i
for the days; those underneath It, If any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches ;
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied :
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of ,
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idahn, and the pressure falling to the Call- '•
fornla coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
ri2<Hh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 17, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to !
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall during the past !
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 21.87 41.66
Red Bluff 0 9.26 19.62
Bacramento 0 6.84 14.01
San Francisco 0 5.86 17.01
Fresno 0 3.23 8.21
San Luis Obispo 0 3.88 15. 3S
Los Angeles 0 4.11 11.48
San Diego 0 3.3S 7.97
luraa 0 1.2 C 4.81
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
E2: minimum, 46; mean. 49.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope. From Fort Canby north
ward the pressure has fallen nearly four
tentlis of an inch, and a storm of moderate
energy appears to be developing over Tatoosh
Island.
The temperature has fallen about 12 degrees
in Arizona. On the Pacific Slope it has re- |
mained nearly stationary. The temperatures ,
are about normal to-night throughout Call I
fornia.
Rain is falling over Washington and North- I
crn Oregon. Snow is falling in Eastern Wash- i
ington.
The following maximum wind velocities are '
reported: Forf Canby, 36 miles per liour from i
the ■outb; Portland, 30 miles per hour from
the south.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty |
hours ending midnight. Feb. 18, 1898:
Northern California— Kaln Friday in the !
north'-rn portion; cloudy in the southern por- !
tion; southwesterly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; warmer
on the northern coast : southwesterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday; warmer In northern por- j
tlon.
Arizona — Cloudy Friday; colder in extreme :
eastern portion.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and un- i
settled weather Friday: probably showers ill
the afternoon or night: southeasterly wind.
F^i-cial report from Mi tint Tnmaljialß—
Partly cloudy; wind northwest. 24 miles; temp- !
erature, 39; maximum temperature. 48.
ALEXANDER McADIK.
Local Forecast Official, j
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— The most Important
factor in connection with the day's stock mar- '
ket was that the heavy liquidation of yester- ;
day was not resumed. There was aggressive
pressure by the bears at times, but they re- ,
f ramed from leaving their contracts open and
tbelr covering before the close brought prices
back to near the high level of the day. Net
gains resulted, fractional for the most part,
but extending to a point in some cases. Quo
tations received this morning from London
Bbowed the prices of Americana there substan
ttally above the close of the prices here last >
night, but that simply meant that declines
trm yesterday's London closing had not yet |
fully reached yesterday afternoon's heavy de- j
clines here after the London Exchange had ,
closed. The declines in London which served j
to sustain prices were on cable orders from
New York and represented the covering of
shorts put out in this market. The opening
here was at or above the London parity, b'u .
prices yielded immediately after the opening
•O liquidating «alea through commission houses.
Support was forthcoming before these fell to ;
last night's close and the market rallied, but
fell tii the lowest before noon on the disquiet- :
ing report emanating from Key West that cvi- ,
deuce had been discovered t<_> show that the
Maine had been destroyed by a torpedo ex- |
ploded outside the ship. The selling on this re- i
port was quite large and the level of prices
was carried substantially below last night's
elope, but the subsequent rally indicated that
these sales were largely by bears, who were
not sure of their position. In fact the whole
day's market reflected a doubtful frame of
mind on the part of the speculative public and
a disposition to pursue a wailing policy. Some
degree of speculative Interest was doubtless di
verted to the wheat market. Yesterday's in
crease in the Burlington dividend rate and the
tinal step* toward the purchase of the Kansas
Pacific by the Union Pacific reorganization
committee, which was quite lost sight of yes
terday, had a favorable effect to-day. There
was large buying to-day of Oregon Short Line
and Oregon Navigation, which was not ex
plained by any definite news announcement.
The doubtful condition of the speculative mind
was reflected, in periods of intense dullness
during the day.
The bond market showed weakness In sym
pathy with the midday break in stocks, but
closed strong and generally higher than last
night. Total sales. $3,. r .M).oflo.
T'nlted States new 4's and old 4 s coupon
were %c lower bid. the old 4's registered Vie
lower and the s*B He lower.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 4KIOO
shares Including: Atchison preferred. BOM;
C & 0.. 4530: Burlington. 29.«5<>: Erie preferred.
3660- L & N.. 10.851: Manhattan. 8828; Metro
politan Street Railway, 10.520; Missouri Pacific.
3775- M X & T. preferred. 4250: New York
Central. 16.050: North American, 13,603; North
ern Pacific. 9090; do preferred. 19.193; Oregon
Short Line 5090; Reading, 3216: Rock Island.
11.565; St Paul. 36.750; union Pacific. 19.043;
Tobacco 16.973: People's Gas, 9930: Consolidated
Gas. 3520; Sugar, 31.252; Western Union. 3311.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12S St P & Om 76
Do pref 30»i Do pref 150
Baltimore & Ohio 16^ St P M & M 133
Canada Pacific ... S7 So Pacific 19%
Canada Southern. 54?s So Railway 9%
Cent Pac 13 1 ; Do pref 31N,
Ches & Ohio 22'j, Texas & Pacific. 12%
Chi & Alton 165 Union Pacific ... 33*n
Chi B & Q 101% U P D & G »*
Chi & E 111 55 Wabash 7
C C C & St L.... 35 Do pref IS%
Do pref SOS Wheel & L E 2\
Del & Hudson.... 11034 Do pref 12*.
Del L & W 155 Express" Companies-
Den & R G 12\ Adams Ex 112
Do pref 61 American Ex 126
Erie (new) 15% United States ... 43
Do Ist pref .... 417* Wells Fiirgo 115
Ft Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref .... 156 A Cot Oil 20
Hocking Val 7 Do nref 75
Illinois Cent 10414! Amn Spirits S
Lake Erie & W.. 19% i Do pref 20%
I_X> pref 72U Am Tobacco 92
Lake Shore 192 Do pref 117
Louis & Nash.... 08*4 People's Has "44
Manhattan L .... 115% Cons Gas 1925),
Met St Ry 156 V Com Cable Co 185
Mich Cent 1104 : Col F & Iron 22* 4
Minn &St L 29V Do nref 70
Do Ist pref S7 ! Oen Electric .... 36%
Mo Pacific 32', i Illinois Steel 51%
Mobile it 0hi0... 31 Laclede Gas O%
Mo X & T 12Vl Lead S5
Do pref 3SSI Do pref :. 109
Chi Ind & L S%i Nat Lin Oil 17
Do pref 30 Or Imp Co 29
N J Central 95% Pacific Mail 30\
N V Central 1167;, Pullman Pal 153%
N V Chi & St L. 14 I Silver Cert 55V t
Do Ist pref 73 Stand R & T 4^
Do 2d pref 35 Sugar 136* 4
Nor West KH Do pref Ill*;
No Anier Co SS 1 * T C& Iron 24%
No Pacific 25*,, D S Leather 7
Do pref  65%' Do pref 64^
Ontario & W 16^ U S Rubber 19Vi
Or R & Nay 514 Do pref 71
Or Short Line.... 30K4 West Union 91%
Pittsburg 169 I Chi & N W 126%
Reading 20T* I Do rref 174
Do Ist pref .... 50 St L& S W 4
Rock Island 91 Do pref 94
St Louis & S F.. 7% RG W 23
Do Ist pref .... 56% ( Do pref E8
Do 2d rref .... 26\ I Chicago G W 12%
Bt Paul 94" 8 Haw Com Co 33» 4
Do pref 14841
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 127% N J C 5s 1144
Do coup 127^4 N Carolina 6s 12",
U S 4s 112% Do 4s 143
Do coup 114 No Pac lsts 119
Do 2ds 100 Do 3s 62%
DS 5s reg 1134 Do 4s 9714
Do 5s coup 1134 N V C A S L 45.. 106%
District 3.65s 11S4 Nor & W 6s 125
Ala class A 107 Northwstrn con.. H3%
Do B 107 Do deb 5s 118
Do C 100 ]O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ... 100 |O Nay 4s 964
Atchison 4s 92% I O S Line 6s tr... 1254
Do adj 4s 62% iO S Line 5s tr... U>2
Can So ids 11l iO Imp lsts tr.... 112%
Chicago Term 564 1 Do 5s tr 43 1 *
C & Ohio 5s 1164 I Pacific 6s of 95... 104
C H & D 445.... 104% Reading 4s 85%
D & R G lsts.... 1104 !R G W lsts 84
D & R G 4s 95 '. S L & I M C 55.. 9S
East Term lsts.. 107V4 jSLtSFOJs.. 1194
Erie Gen 4s 73% I St P Con 1424
F W & D lsts tr. 73 St P C & P lsts.. 121
Gen Elec 5s 59 Do 5s 116%
G H & S A 65.. 103 So Ry 5s 94
Do 2ds 105 Stan R & T 6s 62
H & T C 5s 109% Term new set 3s. VI
Do con 6s 107 T & PL G lsts . . 101*4
lowa C lsts ...... 102 Do rg 2ds 34
Kan P Con tr.... 114<4 Union Pac lsts.... 1274
X Pac Ist D tr.. 1304 U P D & G lsts.. 664
La new cons 45.. 102 Wab Ist 5s 109%
L & N Unl 45.... 90 Do 3ds 81%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 110V4
M X & T ma.... 64^|Va Centuries .... 704
Do 4s 90* iDo deferred .... 44
N V Central twta. 117 I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 1 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 15 Ophlr 50
Con Cal & Va.... 90 1 Plymouth OS
Deadwood To Quicksilver ....... 100
Gmild & Curry-- 22; Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 1 45 ' Sierra Nevada 65
Homestake 37 00 Standard 1 50
Iron Silver 43: Union Con 40
Mexican 30 1 Yellow Jacket ... 35
BOSTON.
BOSTON, Feb. 17.— Atchison. 12%; Bell Tele
phone, 265; Chicago, Burlington and Qulncy
1014; Mexican Central, 534; Oregon Short Line,
30; San Diego, .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets were stagnant to-day except for
Americans, which are still most uncertain.
They opened animated ani well above the
parity with buying orders from New York,
from the Continent and the provinces. Then
arbitrage houses sold, New York supplying the
stock with narrow margin. The tone then
weakened, and the close was a fraction above
the lowest. The future of Americans turns on
politics, other factors being favorable. Kaffirs
were flat on the dismissal of Judge J. G.
Xi tze, president of the Supreme Court of the
South African Republic. Grand Trunk was
good on traffic reports. Gold was in better
demand at 77s 9»;d.
NEW YORK WHEAT MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 17— The May wheat
shorts were badly "squeSzed" again this morn-
Ing, although the process did not last long. In
fact, it was over In the first half hour, leaving
prices for the balance of the day rather weak
and very much unsettled. Opening figures on
May were at $1 Olvfc. representing 2 cents ad
vance over last night. It sold up to $1 02*4,
where heavy selling orders were met, partly
for clique account, resulting in a cent break.
The bulge was entirely due to clique opera
tions at Chicago where prices were forced up
to $1 ()6>* for May against $i G3V 4 last night,
breaking from there to $1 03 under realizing
sales.
fcenaatlonal rumors from Havana had little
effect un the markot. Trailers here conversant
with clique affairs say the end is not yet. May
here closed at $1 01H-
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Feb. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
10.608: exports, 35,165. Quiet, owing to con
tinued strong views of holders.
WHEAT— Receipts, 31, 450; exports, 114.298.
Spot, steady, $1 V!%. Options opened stronger
at I%<fj2c advance, influenced by better foreign
news and a "bad scare of shorts. Scalpers
loaded up on the rise and selling out later
caused a sharp break, the market closing un
settled at lQilHc net advance. Foreign houses
traded both ways. The Havana news caused
no important effect. No. 2 red May, $1 OO^t®
1 02\i: closed. $1 01>/».
HOPS— Firm.
WOOI.^ -Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PlGlßON— Warrants, steady at $6 60 bid ana
$6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, but firm at
$11 25 bid and $11 80 asked.
TlN— Quiet but firm, at $12 96 bid and $14 10
asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged, $4 10 bid and $4 20
asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, at $8 80 bid and $3 85
asked. The firm that fixes the nettling price
for miners' and smelters' quotes lead at $3 60.
COFFEE — Closed steady, with prices un
changed to 6 points net decline. Sales. 18,000
bags, including: March. $5 6f>@s 75. Spot coffee
—Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice. 6>4c; No. 7 Jobbing,
6\c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7H@li^c.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining. 3 11-16 c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 3-16 c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 1769 packages; firm.
State, creamery. 14®19c: Western do, 14^@20c;
El«ins, 20c; factory, UQUc.
EGGS— Receipts, 6518 packages; State and
Pennsylvania, 16V4c: Western, lSVtc.
"dried fruit.
NEW YORK, Feb. " 17.— California dried
fruits — firm; others, steady. '.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. G®7Tic;
prime wire tray. : B%c; wood dried, prime, B>*c;
choice, B%c: fancy, 9@9^c. ■ • ■
PRUNES— 3«Sc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 5S7Vic: Moorpark, 9@llc.
' PEACHES— t'npeeled, v 6®9c. '
PEELED— I^@2Oc- . : ■" ■ ,■
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Feb. 17.— The reaction In wheat
that threw the pit Into flu in the Uat hour of
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
yesterday's session and was continued on the
j curb afterward was renewed to-day before the
' regular session commenced. First curb prices
; were l'^c higher at $1 04%. and during the half
; hour that followed it sold as high as $1 07%.
1 The regular opening was as wild a one as has
been witnessed In months. A perfect howl
went up from shorts, who. in their eagerness
to cover their lines, bid all the way from $1 05
' to $1 06 for May. and a few seconds after some
jof the more anxious ones bid $1 064- That
proved to be the high point of the day. Thou
sands of bushels were dumped on the market
by longs, wheat coming from operators who
have hitherto chosen to hold on to their lines,
and more disposition to realize being shown
than at any time since the recent advance
commenced. The consequence was the price
broke with bewildering rapidity, getting down
In less than five minutes to $1 034. Then it re
bounded again, but with less force behind It,
to $1 04%. The market fluctuated rapidly for
a time, but renewed realizing occurred at every
rally and the market gradually became more
settled. Though the disquieting news from
Havana may have cut some tigure in the Jump
it was a minor factor and was little heard of.
It was apparently a repetition of yesterday
among shorts over the Leiter deal, and every
body was on the alert to see what he would do
to-day. But Letter's brokers were not much
in evidence, and the fact that there was plenty
of wheat for sale at around $1 05 served to keep
the market within bounds. About 11 o'clock
selling become quite heavy and the low point,
$1 03, was reached. Cudahy and others were
credited with realizing on lines showing heavy
profits and commission houses had heavy sell
ing orders. This decline was followed by the
reaction to $1 04%, the price about noon. For
the rest of the session prices rather tended to
ward a lower level. Foreign markets were
strong and showed good closing advance.
Northwest receipts were rather small at 260
cars, compared with 415 last week and 182 a
year ago. Chicago received 62 cars, 10 of con
tract grade. Atlantic port clearances of wheat
and flour equaled 586,000 bushels. Primary
Western receipts were 332,000 bushels, against
222.000 bushels a year ago. The closing price
for May was $1 04%. There was a heavy busi
ness iii July, but that option did not show
the excitement May did. July opened %'?il%c
higher at 90ft91%c. and dropped at once to 89c.
That was the range of prices. July closed at
90c bid.
In view of the wheat strength corn did not
act strong and the volume of trading was
smaller. The market opened higher In sym
pathy with wheat, but declined immediately
and acted rather weak thereafter.
The opening was strong in oats with wheat,
but the advance brought out profit taking and
also induced some short selling and prices de
clined. _
There was a gond trade in provisions. There
was profit taking early. This and the lower
hog market caused some declines. On the
break commission houses bought freely, pack
ers also taking some of the offerings. Later
prices settled back considerably on realizing,
thii market closing steady.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
• Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
February lOS 105% 103
May ... 106i,4 100% 103 104..;
July 9U a 91* S3 90
Corn, No. —
May 31% 31% 30% 31
July ...: 33 33 32 32%
September 34Vi 34V 4 . 33% S39n
Oats, No. 2—
May 27"* 27% 27 27H
July 24% 25 24% • 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 11,10 1120 11 02H 11 07«:
July ; 11 07*4 11 15 1105 11 05
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 5 17^ 6mk 6 12*4 5 17%
July 5 27% 5 27>™ 5 20 5 25
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 530 5 32' i 520 525
July 535 5 37% 5 27% . 5 32%
Cafh quotations were as follows: Flour,
unsettled; No. 2 spring Wheat, nominal: No. S
spring Wheat. S6V/94c: No. 2 red. $1 O6«S1 OS: No.
2 Corn. 2'.t'»s<&2y^c: No. 2 Oats, 2W t c: No. 2
white, f. O. b.. 30@31c; No. 3 white, f. o. b.,
2S(S29V4c; No. 2 Rye, ii<)c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b.,
33fi4.V; No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 24"-251 23; Prime
Timothy Seed. $2 S7', s «j2 90; Mess Pork, per
barrel. Sllfti 11 05; Lard, per 100 pounds, $.i in;
Short Kibs Sides, loose, to 20^5 43; Dry Salted
Shoulder* boxed, 4* 4 <frso: Short Clear Sides,
boxed. $5 4505 BE; Whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 184.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12.000 14.000
Wheat, bushels 46.000 l"4.000
Corn, bushels 394.000 162.000
Oats, bushels 223. 000 319.f»10
Rye. bushels 3.000 3.001
Barley, bushels 35.000 9,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, IS®!?*:; dairies,
MfijlTc. Cheese, quiet; 84?SVic. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipmtß.
Cities— Bushel?. Bushels.
Minneapolis 1M.750 43.640
Duluth 39,1*4
Milwaukee 20.500 l.jno
Chicago 40.400 104,330
Toledo 14.595 1.100
St. Louis 11.000 6.000
Detroit 4.062 5.133
Kansas City 3T>.000 23,000
Totals 324,821 154.503
Tldewatei- —
Boston 29,585 '
New York 31,450 14.290
Philadelphia !*.6T5 14.192
Baltimore 77.857 36,000
New Orleans 71.920
Totals 148,567 236,410
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — Jan. Mar.
Opening 6195 59 80
Closing 62 40 59 90
Flour-
Opening 29 35 27 63
Closing 29 35 28 00
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 8 1% 7 7Vi 7 314 6 8
Closing 8 Hi 7 7V» 7 3% 6 8
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, ' Feb. 17.— CATTLE— Sales were
largely at $4 20(g'5, and cattle choice enough to
sell for $5 20 and over were few and for be
tween. Most of the stockers and feeders sold
at $3 80@4 60. and no Rood feeding cattle could
be bought for less than $4 25. . Canners . were
scarce and high, but butcher stock gold at 10©
15c lower than last week. Veal calves sold at
$425*06 90, chiefly at $6 25@6 75. t .
HOGS— SoId at an extreme . range of $3 90@
4 12 1 while pigs sold largely at $3 CT><s?3 90. s
SHEEP— Trade was slow at $3@3 50 for In
ferior sheep, up to $4 50@4 60, choice to prime
flock.", fed Westerns predominating and going
largely at $4<j?4 50. Retailing sheep brought
$4 So<ti4 90, and lambs sold slowly at $4 50®
5 60, feeders bringing $5 20.
Receipts— Cattle, 13.000; hogs, 40,000; sheep,
14,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Feb. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2300;
market steady. ■ Native beef steers, $3 60@
4 90; Western steers, $3 40@4 50; Texas steers,
$3 10@3 60; cows and heifers, 10c lower at $3@
3 90; stockers and ' feeders, $3 50@4 80; bulls,
stags, etc., $2 40©3 65.
HOGS — Receipts, 7900; market Be lower.
Heavy, J3 80S 3 85; light, $3 80@3 90; bulk of
sales. 3 8003 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7500; market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 70^4 80; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60@4 50; common and stock sheep,
$3fj/4; lambs, $4 -25(85 60. ,- ■-, .
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. ;17.; 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
official, 5300. Choice shipping cattle steady;
sales at $3 75®5 25, i largely $4 40@5; Western
steers , easy, at . $3 2504 85 , for ■ inferior rangers
to 1400-pound fed steers and 664-pound Colorado
yearlings; Western cows and ■ heifers active :at
$2 r>of?4 10 for scanner . grades; stockers and
feeders, $2 50@4 10; ■ southern supply all steers,
active and steady to 10c lower; sales at $3.75@
4 10 for 900(81170- pound cattle. ;
 HOGS — Receipts, official, 18,700. Market
opened * s@loc lower . and * ruled generally 5@
7Hc lower. The bulk sold at $3 80@3 95, ; while
$4 06 was the top price; heavies and. packers,*
$3 M'f?4 05: mixed, $3 75@3 95; lights, $3 5503 75;
pigs. $3 30@3 65.
SHEEP — Receipt*, official, 2400. Market
active and : strong to 5c higher: lambs, $4 50®
5 .10. Some fair New Mexico lambs - brought
$5 15. /- ■■ -
DENVER. !
DENVER. Feb. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 100.
Market firm to steady, with good demand;
beef steers. $3 40@> 20? cows. $2 50©3 75; stock
ers. J4fi4 10; bulls, stags.' etc., $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts. 200. - Market firm; .light
packers," $3 85@3 90; mixed. =$3 80@3 85; heavy,
$3 70(Sf3 80; bulk of sales, S3 90.
SHEEP— receipts. _
. NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Feb. 17— local market' ls
firm end prices 'are slightly higher on better
foreign cables. Exporters, , paid ■up, to , 77c ' t for
Walla Walla to-day, with ', rumors of : ! even
better. This being for round lots. Blue Stem
and Valley were firm at 79@S0c per, bushel. *
: Cleared— British ship Indian Empire, Queens
town, 80.829 bushels wheat. ■
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 17.— Wheat— Quiet ; and
steady. No. 1 Club. 75% c; No. 1 Blue Stem,
78% c. • ■/ : - .- ... ■■.- . ;,... i ,
PORTLANDS BUSINESS. .
PORTLAND. Feb. * 17.— Exchanges. $251,970;
balances, $52,052. • ; .
FOREIGN MARKETS.
. . LONDON. Feb. ; 17.— Consols. 112% ; Silver, ■
25 13-16 d; French Rentes. 103f. 70c.
LIVERPOOL.^ Feb. 17.— Wheat. ■ firm; : No. 1
standard California Wheat. 395;: cargoes . off
coast, sellers "■ Indifferent > operations; :: cargoes
on passage, .buyers and 'sellers apart: English
country markets, ■ firm : » French count!*) mar
kets, firmer; Liverpool Wheat, No. 1 California,
8* 2d@?s 3d; Wheat In 'Paris,- firm; Flour.! ln*
Paris,- steady. '-..<.-•. .. ' ' .
COTTON—Uplands, 3 11-32 d. ,
CASH IN THE TREASURY. •
WASHINGTON. Feb. 17.— T0-day's state
merit ° of the '. condition ,of the treasury shows: i
Available cash > balance,"' $219,262,973;: gold re
verve, $166, 739. ■. .-.■',
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — |4 84
Sterling Exchange, 6U days — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 56%
New York Exchange, sight — 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 22%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 56
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago advanced from $1 03V4 to
$1 06 and fell back to $1 04. Futures here sold
higher, but spot values were undisturbed.
The Glenfinart takes for Grimsby 15,146 ctls,
valued at $21,4(0.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 42%
for No. 1, $1 43%@1 45 for choice and $1 47%<tf
1 50 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALVES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 41%; 4000. $1 41 6 *.
Second session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 41%. De
cember— 2000, $1 Z o \
Regular morning session— 2ooo ctls, $1 41%;
1000, $1 41%; 12,000, $1 41%; 2000, ?1 41%; 12,000,
$1 «H4; 6000, $1 41% December— 4ooo, $1 33 V«;
10,000, $1 33H.
Afternoon session— 2ooo ctls, $1 33%. May—
34,000, $1 41: 10,000. $1 41%.
BARLEY— The Glenflnart takes for Grimsby
57,906 ctls Brewing, valued at $66,600. The
market is quiet at previous prlcep.
Feed. $1 05fi 1 07% • r dark to good and $1 10
for choice: Brewing $1 ISiBl 20 for No. 1 and
$1 10@l 12% per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 915 o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
98% c; 2000, 98% c.
Second session— May— 4ooo ctls, 99c. Decem
ber— 2000. 82% c.
Regular morning session— May— 4ooo ctls. 98c;
2000, 98Sic; 2000, 98% c; 4000, 98% c; 4000, 98% c.
Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— Supplies ar Bufficiei^ for all immedi
ate needs, and the market is dull at the old
prices.
Fancy feed, $1 22%@1 25 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 17%Q1 22%; common, $1 12%@1 15:
Surprise, $1 25<gl 30; red, $1 35® 1 45; gray, $1 15
ffil 17%; milling, $l 17%'ffl 22%; black, for seed.
$1 35® 1 50. Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton
over the raw product.
CORN— Ib dull and unchanged.
Small round yellow, $1 1C& 1 16 per ctl; large
yellow. $1 0501 10; white, $f 05@l 10.
RYE-$1 05fcl 07U per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal; none here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 55JH 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30@4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacKs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, ?3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 25; extra cream
do, $3; Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4; Hom
iny, $3 10(S3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat, ?3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 25@5 65; in
slacks, $5 (i5(5 5 45; Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peas,
$3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran is 50c lower. No change In Middlings.
Hay Is firm at the advance already noted.
BRAN— fl'j 60®20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— i22<ii 2S per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23(5f24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2S 50(g29 50;
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50ffr22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, ?28<j/30 per ton; Corn Meal, $23 50
t'24 50; Cracked Corn, $24© 25; Chopped Feed,
$181/19.
HAY— (Ex-rar in round lots)— Wheat, $17(5719
per ton; Wheat and Oat, $16318; Oat, $14 50©
16 50; Barley, $14>g16 50; compressed, $16@17 50;
Alfalfa, $10 SOffill 50; stork, $ll!fil2; Clover,
$11 50^12 50; Nevada Timothy, $13 50@14 per ton.
STRAW— 3S<&-45c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Limas have again gone up. There are several
other slight changes.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90@3 05; Small Whites,
$1 no® 1 60; Large Whites, $1 50©l 55: Pinks,
$2 80@2 76: Reds, $2@2 26: Blackeye. $2 40<5'2 50;
Butters, $1 40©l 50: ' Limas, $1 So@l 90; Pea,
$1 50.^1 55; Red Kidneys, $2 23<y2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard, $202 50; Flax. $2 25; Canary Seed,
2Vi@2«ic per lb; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape, 2<g2%c;
Hemp, 2c; Timothy. sV£c. \1 „
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 40@l 65; Green, *2@
2 05 per ctl. •
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Heavy supplies have weakened Potatoes, but
not to the point of actual decline. Onions are
also easy. Vegetables show no partlcula.
change. Sweet Potatoes ure higher.
POTATOES— EarIy Hose, 70©78 c; River Reds,
GEOWc; River Burbnnks. 70®86c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 75cG$i 10; Salinas Burbanks,
90cfi$I 16; Petaluma Hurbanks. 70<gS5c; Sweet
Potatoes W><s-7Rc per etl for Rivers and Jlfil 25
for Merced: new Volunteer Potatoes. — per lb.
ONIONS— S2 Eofi2 6" per etl; Oregons. $2 60®
2 75; cut onions, 1202 ::■ per sack.
VEGETABLES- A i.im.'la Green Peas. Rifr9c
per lb: Mushroom*. M2 v c; Marrowfat Squash.
116920 per ton; HuliKird Squash, J15@20: Dried
Peppers, &s.~n; per !!'; Dried Okra. 15c; Cab
bage, 60®75c per ell; Carrots. 25fr6Oc per sack;
Garlic, 3«?4%c ncr lb: Asparagus, 15@30c per lb.
Los Angeles 'Ireen Peas. BOTc; String Beans,
; Tomatoos. 50c ifl 2;»: Green Peppers,
per lb; Summer Squash, ; Egg Plant,
per lb; Hothouse Cucumbers, 60c@$l 23 per
dozen.
EVAPORATKD VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 120 per lb In lots of 25
!t>s; sliced desiccated, WJ/lSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, m-: Carrots, old. 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c; turnips,
25c; String H'-ar.s. 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There Is very little new in either Poultry or
Game. . Both are in ample supply and dull.
Dressed Turkeys j?lut the market.
POULTRY— LI v- Turkeys, 9 <h 10c for Gob
blers and 10911 c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
10ft 13c per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 25<81 60: Gos
llngs. VI :■»'•<?: Ducks, $4ft." f,O for old and $7*iS
for young; Hens, P. 50^4 50; Roosters, young, $5
(g6; Roosters, old. $3 SOQ4; Fryers. f$ >«ii;
Broilers, $. r .<ffri 50; for large and $3 50(g4 50 for
small; Pigeons, $2 / ii2 SO per dozen for young
and $1 for oM.
GAME— Quail, per doz, $1; Mallard, $2-50@3;
Canvasba-k. $:l; Sprig. $lf(l 25; Teal, $K< ( l r,:
Widgeon. 76c©$l; Small Ducks, 50c: Gray
Geese, $1 r>n; White, f.oc: Brant $1; Honkers.
$3; English Snip.-, $2; Jack Snipe. $1; Hare, $1;
Rabbits, $K«zl 25 for Cottontails and $1 for
small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are off again. Butter Is weak and the
dairy descriptions are coming in poor, owing
to short feed.
BUTTER -
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 24@25c; seconds,
22<&23e. .
Dairy — Choice to fancy, • 21(a22c; seconds,
grades, 20c per lb.
! Eastern Butter — Creamery, 21@22>£c; ■ ladle
| packed, l.v<i lrVjc per lb.
! CHEESE— Choice mild new, . 10<j; common to
I good. B@9Vjc: Cream Cheddar, :lO@llc; Young
; America, 10®Uc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12V&
@13% c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12@13c per dozen; store
Eggs. lOQllc , . ■ ■ ■:. ■
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
I . About GOO boxes of Oranges and a few Lemons
were offered at auction. The Navels sold at
! $1(51 65, being small sizes. The Lemons went
at 80c<jl$l 60 per box.
The market for all kinds of Fruit remains
dull. - ■--^«H ■ •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 40066 c per • box for common, 6.">(g:sl
for good to choice and $1 25«1 50 for fancy.
CRANBERRIES— per bbl.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. J - $1 250
2 25; Seedlings, 6Oc0$l: Mandarins, $l(ffl 50 for
large and 60@75c for small boxes; Grape Fruit
Eoc(i£s2 60 per box; . Lemons, , :,i"ii'i,c for com-
I mon and $l<B2 for good to choice; Mexican
i Limes, $6; California - Limes, .In small boxes
! 60<g>80c; Bananas, »1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples. $3@4 per dozen. -■ ;. " :
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, ; carload lots 4%<jj
4%c for 40-50's, 3%@4>4c for 60-60' s. 3V4®3Xc
for 60-70' s, 2%@3Vic for 70-80's, 2'4@2%c for SO.
90's, 1%02%C for W-100-s; Peaches? 3&4>*c
fancy, s®sHc; peeled, 10(&12%c;- Apricots 6«6c
for Royals and 7Cißc for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6%@7Vic; sun-dried
4@sc;« black Figs, in sacks. , 25i!2»4c > - Plums'
4Vi'(!4%c for pitted and ltjlVic for unpitted'
bleached Plums, 5@5%c; Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy: Pears, . 2%<8>4%c for , quarters
and 3ijfs'/ic for halves, according to color etc
RAISINS— 2c for two-crown, >3/g>3%e for three
crown, 3%iifi4c for four-crown, »; 5c ■ for Seedless
Sultanas, 3^c for Seedless ' Muscatels and Si®
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes,' 2%c.
— Chestnuts are quotable :at 8c i per
tt>; Walnuts, s@6c* < for hardshell and ' 6®7c ■ for
eoftshell; Almonds, 2M;if?3'*;C for hardshell- s®6c
for softshell and 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts
406% c for ■■ Eußtern v and 1 4V4c -.'. for California-
Pecans, 6%®Bc; Filberts, SVs»i?loc; Brazil Nuts'
Mte per lb : Cocoanuts, ■$1 50@5 ; per .100.
■ HONEY— Comb. SiiTlOc for bright and 3i?J
7c for lower grades; new water , white extract
ed, - 4\s®sc; light > amber -extracted, 3%@4^c
per !t>.
. BEESWAX— per ft). : . .
" PROVISIONS.
•There is nothing new,^though the feeling Is
very firm and trade Is active. r . ■ »,
'CURED MEATS— Bacon, : 9c per it) for
heavy, 9V4c for , light ! medium, 10^c . for light
lie for extra light and 12^c for sugar-cured-
Eastern ', sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; • Califor
nia Hams, 1 10 c;; Mess -Beef. : $9 per bbl; extra
mess, 1 , do, $10; family do. - - $ll(?fl2: ; Salt ; Pork '
$9; 'extra- prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per. IK , . : ;
•LARD— Eastern' tierces quoted at 6V*c:pef;n>
for ; . compound : and : C%c for pure; : palls, 7V>c;
California ' tierces,' BVic ' per tb " for :-» compound
and 6l«c>-for>- pure; --half -barrels,-. 2 c; • 10-lb
tins;'" l .ic: do 5-Ib. ~%c. ?-".' ■■-■■*■ '
- COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6^c; " packages,
less than :-.rn It.i— 1-Ib palls. 60 in a case. $%c;
3-tb pails, ,20 in a" case. 8%o; 5-Ibi pails. 12 in a
case, 8»ic; ; 10-lb \ palls. 6iln > a case, 1 8Hc ; 5 50- lb
tins, one or two in a case,- "l%c; wooden • buck
ets, 20 lbs ne', 7"*e; fancy tubs. * 80 tbs net, 7Hc;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs, > 7Hc per tb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPa
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands Bell
!<• under sound stock. Heavy salcjd steera.
10Vs@Hc; medium, 9',-bc; light, 9@9V4c; CDWh'des,
syy.sc;, stags, C.YiG'ic; ■ salted Kip, = 10c;- t^aif.
lie; dry Hides,. 17'Ae; culls and brands, lift
@14c; dry Kip and Veal,. l4©lsc;- dry Calf, IS®
>>c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins^ 20(g37&c each;
Kids, s<foloc ; Deerskins. , good summer, ■ 25®300
per Ib ; medium, 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 2i;<i<;3oc each; short - wool, •■■- 40@70c
each; medium, 70@90c; ,.- long wools, 90cii$l 30
each. -:■■■>; ... ■.■ ■' . . . . .■ v  .. ■ j
■i TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3(t?3' 2 c per Ib; No.
2, 202Vic; refined. Be; Grease, 2<ii2Vic.
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties-free. 10®
13c: do defective, 10@llc; San Joaquln. defect
ive. "me; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free
Northern. 12®13c; do defective. lie; Hum
boldt and Mendoclr.o. I3f|lsc; Eastern Oregon,
9©l3c : Valley . Oregon, lGfilSc.
HOPS— crop. l' ( i6c for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good; new crop, 11@14%c per lt>.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 1898 delivery.
s%'Ss*ic; Wool Bags, 27@30c; San Quentln,ss 30.
COALr— Wellington is quotable at $10 per
ton; New Wellington, $10 per ton; Seattle,
$8 50; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay. t~> 75; Walisend,
$9; Scotch, $10; Cumberland. $10 In bulk and
$11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$15; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke, $12 per
ton in bulk and $14 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6"j,c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry,
Granulated, o^c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, S%c; Extra C. oVic; Golden C. Stte;
Candy Granulated. 5%c; California A, s'/2C per
lb; half barrels *4c more than barrels, and
boxes '£c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; second do, 5%@
6c; third do, 4@sc per It).
VEAL— Large, 6<g«M|C; small. 7@7He per !t>.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6H@7c
per It).
LAMB— Spring. 15c per IT>.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4H@4^c for large, 3%c
for small and 3%@4c for medium; soft Hog 3,
3@3^c; dressed do, 6@6%c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, February 17.
Flopr, qr sks ... 15.2301 Onions, sks 112
Wheat, ctls 15 llilldings, sks... 6
Barley, ctls 3.100 Pelts, bdls 295
Corn, ctls 340 Hides, no 422
Rye, ctls 330 Eggs, doz 11.400
Cheese, ctis 152 Wine, gals 68,100
Butter, ctls 163 Leather, rolls .. 173
Tallow, ctls 17 i Quicksilver, flsk. 39
Beans, sks 40 : Hay, tons 344
Potatoes, sks .. 6.24.". 1 Straw, tons 52
Bran, sks 1.300 ; Brandy, gals ... 2.500
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 2.2041 Bran, sks 188
Wheat, ctls 4,000! Shorts, sks 674
Oats, ctls 520 i
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 4.432 Bran, sks 4.951
Wheat, ctls 4,440 Middlings, sks .. 2,500
Barley, ctls 520 Shorts, sks 1,336
Oats, ctls 5.990
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
The best figures for mining stocks were con
siderably lower yesterday than those of the
preceding day, and business was dull, as usual.
Trading on the Bond Exchange was good,
but the tendency In prices was downward.
In the Crown Point mine they are now work
Ing on the third floor of the raise from the
end of the south drift on the 700-foot levei
through quartz which they are saving for a
mill test. They also started from the end of
the drift and ran toward the west a distance
of 18 feet. During the week they saved about
80 tons of gold ore, the oar samples of which
go from $,"> to $7 per ton. They are still en
gaged In repairing the shaft above the 1100
foot level.
The Joint Belcher-Crown Point raise, from
the 850-foot level of the Belcher, is up 79 feet,
having been extended 5 feet since last report.
The top is In quartz trf low grade.
The surface tunnel Is now In 408 feet from
the south line of the Consolidated Imperial
mine. The face is in a mixture of clay and
porphyry.
On the 1200-foot level of the Belcher mine
the north drift from the east crosscut from the
main north lateral drift is now in 80 feet
having been cleaned out and repaired 20 feet
during the week. From the end of this drift
an east crosscut has been commenced and is
now in 5 feet. The face shows porphyry.
There have been hoisted during the past week
and stored in the orehouse at the mine 33 min
ing car loads of ore, the average car sample
assay of which was $18 59 per ton.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: West crosscut No 2
started from the face of the south lateral drift'
was advanced IS feet during the week, making
Its total length 85 feet. - The face is in por
phyry and clay, with streaks of quartz. On
the 55-foot level the north drift is advanced I
16 feet and- the south drift 14 feet, following
the ore. From these drifts and from the south
wast drift. 170-foot level, they have hoisted
during the week 21 tons of ore. Car samples
of the same assay: Gold, $17 66; silver. $17 34
total, $35 per ton. " ■ . ■
In the Sierra Nevada mine they are cut
ting out a station for the upraise which is to
be started from the Rlley tunnel workings. On
the 900-foot level, west crosscut No. 5 reached
the west, wall a few days ago and was stop
ped. The width of the vein as shown in the
crosscut is only 32 feet and it contains nothing
of value. The main north lateral drift is now
being pushed ahead to open ground for another
west crosscut, ■■;,• •■ " ..-■., . , •■ • . : • .
In the. Savage Mining Company's ground, on
the Comstock lode, on the 130-foot level, the
main west drift has been cleaned out and re
paired at a distance of 15 feet; total length
3Cf> feet. ;- : Brunswick lode— crosscut No. 3
j was advanced 1C feet: face in porphyry with
I streaks of quartz giving low assays; total
length, 48 feet. Incline shaft No. -1 has been
sunk a distance of 16 feet; total depth 1061
feet bottom in. porphyry. • •
The annual meeting of the "Western Beet
Sugar Company has been called for March 1.
The South Swansea Mining Company of
Utah has passed the- dividend for February,
as it did in January.
The West Mountain Mining Company of
Utah has levied an assessment of 10 cents per
share. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Feb. 17—2 p. m. V
t ■ r, Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— : Oakland Gas.. 51 — ,
4s quar coup. .113% — Pac Gas Imp.. 87% 88%
la quar reg..H2% — Pac L, C 0...... — 57 :
4s quar new. ..125 — •■• S F G & t0:. .. 53 89%
Miscellaneous— San Fran...... 3« —
Cal-st Cab 58.114% — Stockton Gas. 14% —
Cal El 65...... 126% — Insurance —
C C Wat 55.102%103% Flrems Fnd... — 200
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
EL & P 65..12S — Anglo-Cal .... 64 —
P it Ch Ry 65.117% — ' Bank of Cal.. -247%
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — ' 99
II C& S 514. .105 — First. Nat ....200 —
L. AL, Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. .13014 — ':
Do gntd .100 — Mer Exehnge." 14% —
Market-st 65. .127% — Nev Nat 8...150 — '
Do Ist M 55. 115% — Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L...1625 1665
N C r.gßy 75. 101% — Hum S & 1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. i1l — Mutual Say. 35 ; 40
NRy Cal 55.. 10214 — S F Say U.. 470 —
NPC R R 65.104% — . S & L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry ss. 100 102% Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — . Union > T Co 950 — .
Oak Gus 55... 104 — ' Street Railroad— .
Do Mis .11! 112 California ....107ft—
Om Hy is.. 129%— Geary ......... 40 —
P & 065.V.'..110 115 Market-st :... 53% —
P&Ch Ry 65. 108% — - Oak SL.& H. — —
Powell-st 65...119% —.1 Presidio — 10
Reno WL&L..IOO — ; -Powder--:
Sao Elecßyos. — 100 . California '■ ....97ft—
SF& N P ss. — 107% E Dynamite .. — 90
8 P of Ar 65.. 103 103% Giant Con Co. 40% 41
S P Cal 65....110 ,' — Vlgorit ..'.:.;... 3% 4
SPC Is eg ss. — 100- Miscellaneous — '■ . " .
S P I"r 65.... .112 — Al Pac Assn.. — 93
S V Wat 65;.119T4120% Ger Ld Wks.,loo 150
S V Wat 45.. 103 — Haw PI C 0... 20 20%
Stock Gas 68.. 100 — H C & S Co. 33% 34
Water - Hutch S P Co. 44% 46
Contra Costa.. 54% 55% Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln Co .... 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7%.
«T>rlng Val ...10014100% Oc S Co ....'.. 56 66%
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L... 1% 2%
Cent Gaslight. 9Sft — Pac Bor C 0... 95%100
ME C 0...'. .; 13% 14% Par Paint Co. 7 —
, : ' I MORNING SESSION.
445 Contra Costa Water;.:................. 55 00
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar;..;.. 34 25 .
100 t do • do .......... ............. 34 00
I" 30 Giant Powder C0n:. .................... 41 00
20 Hutchlnson S P Co ....7.";.V.'.T.'.:v 46 25
300 do do 4G 12%
$1000 Market-Pt Railway Con Bonds .116 00
100 Oceanic Steamship Co.. V. 66 00
35 do do '.! ......... ;...:.....;;...:. 66 25
100 do -do r.6 50
$5000 Omnibus Cable 80nd5. .......... ."....129 75
65 Pacific Gas In 88 50
• 5 S F Gas & Electric Co.'.:; ....:. 90 50
125 do do ................ ..^ P0 25 - ;
55 do - do 1 >:..-...;..........•.... »> 12%
340 Spring Valley Water........ .....100 62%
$2000 S F & N P Ry 80nd5;.............107 37%
450 Vigorlt P0wder.:..^.Y....V.. ...;........ 3 75
t'~'-i Street— ;'•■;■■■'• •--' : ' '■■ ■■'■-]-■'
100 Hawaiian, Commercial & Sugar 84 Ml
100 Hutchinson S P C 0.......1..". 46 15
$7000 Market-st Railway Con; Bonds Kk...11« M "
50 F Gas & Electric 90 75
100 Spring Valley Water.V..-.;..-.r.;...;....100 «-'ft
$10,000 S P of A 80nd5.......... ..........103 60
. • - AFTERNOON . SESSION. .
35 Contra Costa Water. 6R 00 •
2.' Giant Powder Con. . .T.n-.T.T.'rr.~;;;7VTr 40 75 '
25 do do ....4100
60 do do ..:.-.."...■:..... :...r.;....; 40 S7ft
640 Haw Plantation C 0............. 20 00 :
30 Hutchinson S P C 0. .■....•;............. 41 00 5
50 do > do . ;..;...-.;... r... UN '
50 ' do vdo ...-.;.■.;;.".;:............. 4ft W-d:
100 Oceanic -Steamship C 0......"........"... Mi 25
• 50 Pacific Gas 1mp.......".'.. US no
70 S F Gas & Electric C 0.......... no 00 .'
60 do do . ■..;..;;.-v.:.".....T........ SP TSV
80 • do do :-.7.r....- .-.;;.. ;.r..;v..r. «9 toi%
- 6 Spring. Valley Water .;......... .....JOO «2\4
$5000 SF.&!N;P, Ry. 'Bonds:..-.-....;..... 107 50.«
Street— :;:..,>■-:--: -:..:•,,; . \ :.■ ■ .■ -: ■. -■ ■■-;"
140 Market-street Railway M M
$4000 Market-st Railway Con Bonds 55.... 116 00-
S3OOO Park & Cliff t House ! Bonds;.: .; . ... .loß 60 /
100 Spring Valley -Water..:.;;...-.......... 100 »UW
. BOARD SALES.
. Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: ;.,:.;.
■ ' .; Morning Session
650 Best & Belchr. . 4.". 300 Overman '....... 08
200 .................. *4 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 74
750 Con Cal & Va.. 85 100 ..-..; ...... 73
100 Crown Point ... is i 50 Utah .......;.; .11
100 Opnlr ........... 64
. . Afternoon Session.
100 Alta ...-20 WO Ophir ........... 55
300 Andes — ...;...' 14 200 Savage 27
100 Belcher" .;.-...... 23 'Mi Beg Helcher 06
600 Best' & Belchr.. ■ 45 ! 100 Union Con ... 3S
100 Caledonia- ...40 j 100 Utah ....11
100 Con Cal & Va.. j 200 yellow Jacket... 28
200 Hale & Norcrs.l6o|
Following: were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday : ■>*;'•'. "
Morning Session— . •
300 Alta ............. 19 400 Con Cal & Va.. 97
300 ......"....' IS ; 300 Crown Point ... IS
SOO 20; 900 Gould & Curry.. 26
400 Belcher 27 j 600 ...... 27
400.. 2? I 300 Mexican : 34
1300 Best & Belchr. 42 700 Ophlr 53
400... '•• 43 400 54
300.... ..41 300 Savage 27
400.... '•'• 5 500.... 28
200 Caledonia ....... 38 500 S B & M 05
400 41 1 600 Sierra Nevada.. 75
100 Con Cal & Va.. 95 ! 600 ...... ;.........-.. 74
1400 - 9.» I £00 Union Con ...... 38
200 ..:.....'.....••••• 92 1000 Utah ........... 10
,500 ;.; ••• 94 I 200 Yellow Jacket... 23
'.' — ""' Afternoon Session.
Fol Pacific Board 100 .... ......1 62Mj
500 Alta 19 200 Justice .......... 37
200 Best & Belchr.. 44 1 500 Mexican • 36
600 ...... -.43 300....... 35
300 Caledonia 42 300 • 34
200Chollar 38 €00 Ophlr • 54
700 Con Cal & Va.. 95 400 Savage ..... 27
200 94 1 1500 Sierra Nevada. 71
100 Oould"& Curry.. 27 700...... ••••• 70
600 20 400 Utah ............. 12
50 Hale & .Norcre.l 60 400 Yellow Jacket.. »
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ,
*' THURSDAY, Feb. 17—4 p. . m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha .05 06 Justice .35 38
Ana.::::::::., 18 a Kentuck ....... 03 01
Andes"::*.'.'.". 13 IS Lady Wash ... - 03
Bplcher 26 27 Mexican 34 3o
Best & Belchr. 43 44 Occidental ....1 50 153
Bullion 07 OS Ophir 63 55
• Caledonia 38 39 Overman ...... 08 09
Chollar ........ 3S 39 Potosi 23 2o
Con Cal & Va. 93 95 1 Savage 27 28
Challenge - 35 Seg Belcher 05 06
Con Imperial ..01 02 Scorpion ....... Oo —
Confidence .... 72 7!« Sierra Nevada. . 70 71
Crown Point... 17 IS Silver Hill .... 03 Oo
Con New York. 02 — Standard ....... 150 —
Eureka ........ - 25 Syndicate — . 04
Exchequer .... 02 03 Union Con .... 37 38
Gould & Curry. 26 28 Utah ........... 10.12
Hale & Norcrs.l 60 165 Yellow Jacket. 27 2S>
Julia 01 02 -
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
William and Josephine Joernd to Lars G. and
E A Larsen, lot on NE corner of Bay and
Curtis streets. E 35 by N 135:6, block 10, Curtis
tract, Berkeley; $10.
B. Kel.^ey (trustee) to George H. Davis
(executor of estate of David Stern, lot on E
line of Ettle street, 400 S of Thirty-second, S
100 by E 133, being lot 3, block O, lands of
Peralta Homestead Association. Oakland; $5.
Brooklyn Investment and Loan Association
to Pedro C. Nunes, lot 4, block 53, San An
tonio, East Oakland; $1250.
Crest and Eva C. Gustafson to Sherman C.
Baldwin, lot on W line of Fontainebleau ave
nue, 170 N of East Fourteenth street, W 109:3
by N 30, block 1, Fontainebleau tract, East
Oakland; $10.
C. D. and Grace L. Vincent to Marion G.
Brown, lot on SW corner of Thomson street
and Moulton avenue, S 50 by W 125, being lots
21 and 22, block B, revised map of Claremont
avenue tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
Cecelia I. C. and A. A. Richardson (by com
missioner) to E. C. Morse, lot on N line of
Francisco street, 125 W of Milvia, W 31, N
135, E 40, S 135:H4 to beginning, block D,
Jones tract, Berkeley; $767.
W. H. Robinson (by tax collector) to Charles
Babb, lot 1, block 24, Fltchburg Homestead,
Brooklyn Township; $50.
Charles Babb to F. C. Siebe, lot 1, block 24,
Fltchburg Homestead, Brooklyn Township,
quitclaim deed; $5.
Homer P. Saxe to Boniface Ghllierl, lot on
NE corner of Willow street and San Antonio
avenue. E 50 by N 150, being lot 1 in W half of
block H, property of Pioneer Homestead Asso
ciation, Alameda; $10.
William G. Henshaw to Hetty T. Henshaw,
lot on NW corner of Thirteenth and Jackson
street W 166.23 by N 100. block 195, Oakland:
also strip of land 2.12 feet wide lying between
lands hereinbefore described and fence border
ing on Jackson street, Oakland, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Byron L. and Alice C. Davenport to E. A.
Heron, lot on S corner of Walsworth and Santa
Clara avenues. SW 65.03, KE 126.25. NE 65. 04.
NW 126.25 to beginning, lot 3, block X, Linda
Vista Terrace, map 2. Oakland; $10..
Emma K. Terrill to Henry Myers, lot on W
line of Weber street. 575 Sof Central avenue,
W 119.52. S 24.92, E 119.50, N 24.92 to beginning,
portion of Encinal Park tract, Alameda, quit
claim ded; $5.
Pauline Myers (wife of H.) to George R.
Chambers, same. Alameda; $5.
Henry Myers to same, same, Alameda; $10.
Henry M. Lansberger to George T. Wright,
lot on N line of San Antonio avenue, 220 W of
Paru street. W 67 by N 146, block I, Oak Park,
Alameda; $10.
George T. Wright to Sophie L. Wright, lot
on N line of San Antonio avenue, 220 W of
Paru street, W 67, N 145, W 17. N 35, E S4. S
180 to beginning, portion of Oak Park, Ala
meda; gift.
Caroline M. Runkle to Mary H. Gonsalves,
lots 41 to 44. block 29. subdivision of Townsite
of Fitchburg, Brooklyn Township; $200.
THE ALASKA PACK TRAIN.
Orders were received at Fort D. A.
Russell, Wyoming, at 8 o'clock p. m.
on December 22, from the Quartermas
ter-General of the army, sending
Thomas Mooney, chief packer of the
army, and his crew of eleven men and
sixty-two pack mules, to Alaska to aid
in carrying supplies to Dawson City.
The order was for the train to move
immediately to Vancouver Barracks,
Washington, fully equipped for one
year's field service.
At Vancouver Barracks the train will
be increased by several small trains
from the Departments of the Platte
and the Columbia, and as soon as pos
sible will sail from Seattle for Dyea,
Alaska. The train will be used to carry
supplfes from Dyea to the pass, from
which point the supplies will be taken
over the pass and into Dawson City
by the reindeer now en route from Lap
land.
The amount carried by each mule is
from 300 to 325 pounds, and Mr. Moo
ney expects to have 50,000 pounds of
supplies at the foot of the pass before
the reindeer arrive.
The train left Fort Russell, Wyom
ing, by "special," at 5 o'clock p. m. the
23d. • FRED H. SARGENT,
First Lieut., Eighth U. S. Infangry.
— Harper's Weekly.
FIRST EXPORT OF GOLD.
The Californian, September 16, 1849.
quotes an Honolulu paper as follows:
"An export at last. Arrived, August
14, English brig Tepic, Luce captain,
14 days from San Francisco; cargo,
gold dust and lumber." And adds:
"It is estimated from reliable sources
as data that sums amounting to $500,
000 in gold dust have left this country
for foreign ports since the mines were
first opened. It would appear from this
list that Brother Jonathan's is a de
cidedly losing deal."
The minister, with his little son
Charles, was calling on an old parish
ioner, who poured her troubles into his
sympathizing ear, ending with the re
mark, "I'vo had my nose held to the
grindstone for thirty years."
Charlie, who had been looking in
tently at the old lady, instantly re
marked, "Well, it hasn't worn the mole
on the end of it off yet."— Harper's
Bazar. ._
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, 1898.
Mo
r r.
4
■■«*
Sa. Moon's Phases.
1
?
3
:<
5 /O. Full Moon,,
— Vi/ Fobs.
!■) ... ,
Last Quarter. 1
19 V& Feb. U.
"IT" s2\ New Moon, !
_\P Feb. 20. .
«
f
14
IS
v
16
IT
17
v
13
Si
"
n
21
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A brunch 'of -the' United States Hydrographlc
tirn.". located In the Merchants' . Exchange,' Is
mnlntaltinl In Son Francisco - for the benefit of
mariner* without rvßsird to nationality and
free of e*tH>n«e,'; ; - - • * - ■ ■■■■:'
; ■ NdXiKntni-n are cordially i Invited to visit the
office, where complete i>pts of charts and sail
ing illrroU.mii of. tho . world ■. are, kept' on : hand
i r.-i»oiHhArl*c>i*»nd ' reference, . and the latent
iM','imntt"M •■mi nhvavs bo obtained reg-ardln*
llph««. - 'la«B»i" , »«» i nomination ; and ' all matters
of Intercut to rt,..in commerce, s, ■ ■• .
The time bull on lop of the building on Tele
hi^i-ii Hill l«. hoisted about ten minutes before
noon ' »«< lls dropped at ; noon. ; 120 th j meridian.
by<telear«nhlc -iKiial received each >; day from
the United , Btates > Naval Observatory at ; Mare
Kiiin-l Cnl. '■,-■'-. ; : ; .. .
- A notice utAtlng whether the time ball wan
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. '•
published • the Hint day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographie Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, February
17, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or at exactly S p. m.. Green
wich time. • W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the hc-ight of tide is the same at both places.
FEBKUARY-MM.
Friday, February 18.
Sunrises fi-55
Sun sets * 5 : 53
Moon rises 5:21 A. M.
2:61
8:47
4::xS
H W
0:0K
0:37
1:07
J:--St
2.91 U:(
2.6 »:i
2.2 1U:.
L 1
5.2 5::
5.3 6:
5.2 7:1
5.1 7:
Feet "IlUtl j Fee; lil^Feet
L, WJ H Wl
6.8 4 :i.U I — U.-> 1U:58 il
s.it 4:42 — O.i; 11:32 5.1
5..' 5.24 0.3
HW L W
1.: U:BS 5.« 6:02 0.3
1.4 12:28 5.2 6:3.1 0.7
1.3 1:20 4.8 7:12 1.3
1.2 2:18 4.4| 7:46 1.8
5.'.'
I.T
1.4
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th<»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of tho day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractive from
the de,<th given by the rharts.
«TKAJIhHS TO AKKIVK
Humboldt Dyea
New port Panama '. . . ' .. .. ......
Santa Rosa. ... San Dlero
Excelsior Alaska.
State or cai Poruana
Weeott HumboWt.'.V.".'.."".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
Bristol Departure Bay
Orescent City.. Crescent City
Coos Bay Newport . .
Burma Nanabpo
Arcata Coos Bay
City Puetua.. .. Victoria and Pugret Sound
Empire Coob Bay..
City Peking.... China and Japan
Pomona. San Diego
Homer I Newport
Washtenaw Tacoma
North ForK Humooldt
Columoia j Portr t iand
Orizaba [Mexico.
i
STEA3IEU9 TO SAIL.
NATION
Yaqulna Bay.
Panama
Alaska
Humboldt
18. 10 AM
IS. I.' m
la ..
i la..
.or..
Alaska
Humboldt....
Vie & Psrt Snd
i San Diego....
jHumbldt Bay.
! Alaska
I Alaska... -.....!
19
19, 9 am!
19. 4 PM
19. 10 AM
20. 10 AM
10, 11 AM
21. « AM
21. 2 PM
21. Ipm
22. »AM
22. 10 AM
23, 2PM
23, 1 PM
23.10 AM
23.11 AM
23. 12 M
25, 10 AM
27. 10 AM
Pier 3
Pier 9
I Pier 9
Pier a
I Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier'ii
Pier 2*
Pier 7
PM SS
Pier IS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier a
I Pier 24
ay..
Newport.
Portland
Sydney
China &Japan
Coos Bay
1
aa....
San Dlesro
i Sna
SHIPPING I.M^LLI(.i:.\( L.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, February IT.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, 90 hours from New
port.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Mon
terey.
Stmr Homer. Jessen, 23 hours from Eureka.
Bark Topgallant, Stokkobye, 12 days from
Port Blakeley.
Hktn Gardiner City, Masters, BV4 days from
Columbia River.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, 8 days from Coquille
River.
Schr John A, Hellquist, 39 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Confianza, Jensen, 3% days from Co
quille River.
Sehr Albion, Andersen, 3% days from Co
quille River.
Schr Occidental, Brandt, 25 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr W F Jewett, Johnson, 8 days from
Knappton.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Coquelle, Pearson, 4 days from Coqullia
River.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, 6 days from Coo«
Bay.
Schr Western Home, Nillsson, 11 day*, from
Coos Bay. %
CLEARED. 7
Thursday, February 17.
Stmr Bertha, Koehler, Unalaska; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Haw stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, February IT.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria. - .
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Haw stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Honolulu.
Stmr Bertha, Koehler, ■ Unalaska.
Stmr Whltelaw, Lockyer, Dyea.
■ Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Br ship Glenflnart, Longmulr, Grlmsby.
Br ship Glenpark, Irish, Portland. -,-
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen. Fort Bragg.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Colstrup, Stewarts
Point. - ';-;-'
Schr Ocean Spray, Sorensen, , Iversens Land-*
ing.
• •- Schr Ida Schnauer. Nielsen. '
Schr Bowhead, Edwards, Kenai ;:;•
RETURNED.
Thursday, February 17.
Schr Ocean Spray. Sorenson, from sea on ac
count of earring away headgear oft Bodega.
-CHARTERS.; i-ji.
•The Tarn o' Shanter loads lumber for Santa
Rosalia. , - ■■. ■ ■<•■ ' ■
The Emllle loads wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, 36s 3d, prior to arrival.
TELEGRAPHIC. ' ' "
POINT LOBOS, Feb 17.— 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 20 miles.
DISASTER- ■:. \
LONDON, Feb 17— Br bark Atacama from
Newcastle, NSW, for San Diego, abandoned at
sea. : Captain , and three . persons landed at
Sydney. | j Twelve of the - crew missing having
left in boats and have not since been heard of.
■ - DOMESTIC PORTS. ;
PORT GAMBLE— Feb 17— Schr W H
Talbot,- hence Feb 6.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Feb 15— Schr Bella,
hence Jan 27. - ■ - , •
PORT BLAKELEY— - Feb Schr
Glen, hence Feb 5. ; , ■ ■ ■ .
EUREKA— ; Feb 17— Schr Helen N
Kimball, hence Feb 10.
Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Weeott. for . Crescent
City. - •■■•■ -■'--■■ '■■ ■■-.... . . ■• . - • "
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb Stmr
Mineola, from Comox. ' " .'
Sailed Feb 17— Haw stmr San Mateo, for Co- )
mox.
. HUENEME— SaiIed Feb ; Stmr Alcatra*.
for San Francisco. '.:..*.
i "ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb ■ 17— Stmr • State of
California, for San Francisco. - ■■ " - ■---■
TACOM A— Sailed Feb Schr Mary Dodge,
for San Pedro. ' . .
TACOM A— Sailed: Feb 17— Bktn Eureka, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 17— Schr Sadie, fm
Uniuuua; schr C fo " Holmes, ' from Port . Blake-
TILLAMOOOK— SaiIed Feb \ 13— Schr Volant,
TILLAMOOOK— SaiIed Feb 13— Schr Volant,
for San Francisco. * ' t .
HUENEME— Arrived Feb a l7— Schr Fanny Du
tard.-from Port Blakeley.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 17— Stm Whites
boro, hence Feb 15. ■ - ■
' SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 17— Stmr Signal, for
SEATTLE— Feb 17— Stmn Humboldt,
from Dyea. • . ■
: SAN DlEGO— Arrived Feb 17— Schr Lottie
: Carson, .from Eureka. -• ■ ,
HUENEME— Arrived ■ Feb 17— Schr Premier,
from Port Blakeley. .. ,
- FORT , BRAGG— Arrived Feb . 17— Stmr La
guna. hence Feb 14. : ' . ' •♦»,
I'SAL— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr • Newsboy with
raft in tow. for San Francisco. ' — ' . • -
• SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 17— Stm Humboldt and
bark Wllna. for, San ; Francisco; stmr Del
Norte. . for Dyea. .
,-- ' FOREIGN PORTS. -- _
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 16— Stmr Peru.
hence Jan 26. - -- Feb i:.-Strm -City of
C^MVron^P^^igg
; HIOGO— Sailed Feb 13-^Ger ship Barmbek. for
! °HONGKONG-Salled Feb 16-Br stm Empress
of India, for Vancouver. Feb 17-Br ship Lar
■ FAT-MOUTH— Arrived Feb I<— Br snip Liar
gJmore! hence Oct_ 22: Br ship Arracan. from .
°p C f VMOUTH-Arrlved Feb 17-Br ship Star of
Rn^ln. hence Sot :>■ and ordered to Antwerp.
SAN'nENITO-Arrlv.d Jan 29-Schr Uranus.
esßL *SsSs^Airnc STEAMERS.^
* NEW YORK— Sailed Feb Stan Munchen,
f< Ar^i r en Feb 1" Stmr Fulda, from Naples;
stmr l-ahn,^ from Urcnien. . '. .
* lUIRMKN-Arrlveti Feb 14— Stmr Havel, frm
-OGNOA-, Arrived Feb 16-Stmr California*
' l o'uRBN / STO l \\ ; N— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Bel- - -
genland/* for. Philadelphia;' stmr Germanic, for
» LONDON— Sailed Feb Jl7— Stmr Manitoba, for
New York. - . - ;-•
■ I KOTTEni>AM— Sailed Feb 17— Btmr Rotter- -
dam, for N*w York. - -. * ,""..;'•.
.. AMSTKIiI'AM- Arrived Feb , 17— Btmr ' Edam,
from New York. 1,.'.,BREAD CAST
ON THE WATER
It Returns to Andrew
Crow After Many
Days.
Was Kind to Two Orphans and
Is Now Handsomely
Repaid.
Good Luck Cornea to Him and He
Will Not Go to the
Klondike.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Feb. 17.
Andrew (Vow of Haywards is a lucky
man. A few weeks ago he thought he
would have to go to the Klondike to
find a fortune, but now fortune has
to him. and not to him alone, but
to his family.
Ar Irew < row was a poor man. He
had two daughters, and on their little
ranch they had to work hard, early and
late, to live. Now the news has come
that an act of kindness done by Crow's
father a generation ago has produced
many fold and $150,000 has been Inherit
ed through the death of one Christensen
of Stockton. His daughter's husband
has also just come into $300,000 by the
death of relatives in Syria.
Andrew Crow's father showed some
kindness a long time ago to two little
orphans, a brother and a sister, named
Christensen. As they grew up they
v ent into the world, and the lad suc
ceeded in business. He lived with his
sister in Stockton, and after her death, j
having no heirs, he notified Andrew j
Crow, the son of his benefactor, that at ;
his death he would leave his property
to the Crow family. A few weeks ago
< 'hristensen died, leaving an estate
Vrorth $150,000, and it will all go to Crow j
unless some heirs appear.
The letters written by Christensen
are in the possession of Crow, but r.u j
v. ill has yet been found. It is believed.
however, that the will was made and :
is in the possession of attorneys, who
will produce it at the proper time.
Less than two months ago a Mr. Hal- j
• ho married one of the daughters
••v, was apprised of the fact that j
he was the heir to $000,000 left by his j
relatives in the far east. It now ap
pears that the bread cast upon the wa- j
ters many years ago has been found j
after being generously multiplied.
LON AGNEW IN
FORM AGAIN
He Finds No Difficulty in
Disposing of Joe
Kane.
A Lively Bout of Fisticuffs Before ■
the Acme Clvb — Another
M.-teh.
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.— Lon Agnew's. old- |
time form has returned and last night, he
found no difficulty ;n finishing Joe Kane
ot San Francisco in the early half of the
third round. There was considerable in
tereat shown in to-night's event before;
the Acme Club, for Agnew has not been I
in form for several months, owing to a
weak arm, but he demonstrated to-night
that he Is good as ever and the San Fran
cisco contingent returned feeling very dis- j
appointed.
Billy Smith refereed the match, which
was for six rounds. The first round was •
even, but the second was hard fought,
and Agnew got a little better of Kane. '
Soon after the third round opened Agnew '
saw his chance and landed a left-hand
owing on the jaw that sent Kane down i
in a heap. He was some time recovering, 1
Agnew says that matrimony has turned i
his luck, as this is the first battle since !
the interesting event took place two
months ago.
Fred Mulier of San Francisco and "Kid"
Parker of Boston went Into the ring and
fought eight rounds. They did as much '
fighting as is ordinarily seen in twice that
number. At different times each man j
seemed to have an advantage, but Parker
did most of the leading, while a good part j
of the time Mulier seemed satisfied to '
get out of his way. After the sixth round I
the "Kid" did all the fighting and chased j
iUuller all around the ring. Occasionally ;
Mulier Wi.uld land heavily and once the i
"Kid" slipped to his knees. Parker
worked Ilk..- a windmill at times, but was
too short of reach to land often enough. I
Both men did some mean work during the j
breakaways, and each was hissed in turn.
Billy Elmer, who was referee, gave the i
decision to Mulier and It caused great ;
dissatisfaction. It was nearer a draw j
than a victory for anybody, but points i
were decidedly in favor of Parker. Cap
tain of Police Fletcher, who has seen \
every fight here for thirty years, said the !
decision was clearly unfair. Parker says I
Elmer was prejudiced against him be- !
cause once in Los Angeles the '"Kid" j
bested the actor-pugilist.
Syndicate Franchises.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— The Street Rail
road Committee of the City Council will
recommend at the regular meeting of the
Council Monday evening that the Realty
Syndicate be authorized to abandon its
application for a franchise on East
Twelfth street, from Eighth to First
avenues, and Its franchise on Clay street,
between Fourteenth and Eighth streets'
This will be done on the request of Gen
eral Manager Ira Bishop, who says the
syndicate will not fight the people's de-
Fires. The committee will also recom
mend that the request for a franchise on
Eighth street, between Broadway and
Grove street, and on Franklin street, be
tween Water and Second streets, be
granted, both to expire with the expira
i' the oth^r franchises. The syndi
< ;it-- will tfrar up its Clay street tracks
at once and deed to the city the strip of
land on Seventeenth street across the
marsh from Peralia street.
Union of Two' Churches.
OAKLAND. Feb. 17 -Wednesday even
ing, February 23. has been set for the
time when the Fourth Congregational
and Pilgrim Congregational churches
Bhall vote in their respective congrega
tions as to the advisability of uniting. If
tlifs is done a new site about Grove street
will be selected for the joint church. This
plan was outJlnf-d at a meeting held In
the Fourth Congregational Church, when
Rev. A. O. Stevens. Messrs. Love Joy,
Condon. Mohr, Marshall and Whitman
represented the Pilgrim congregation
and Rev. Bayley. Messrs. Morris, J. H.
Mitchell, J. Mitchell McCarrion, Nal
smlth, Stewart, Elliott, J. Mitchell and
K. T. Leiter represented the Fourth con
gregation.
Granite Curb Wanted.
OAKLAND, ' Feb. 17.-The "Lincoln
Guard," who were sworn to protect the
young sequoia tree planted in Lincoln
fcquare three years ago under such pa
triotic circumstances, have agreed to
place a granite curb and cement walk
around it. They have secured the per
mission of the Hoard of Public Works,
and will raise the necessary $200 among
tnemselves with which to pay for the
work under the supervision of the Super
intendent of Streets.
Roetb. Jury Secured.
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.— The trial of the
fase of Supervisor Roeth, charged with
rnlsccnduct in office by an indictment by
me Jury, was begun this morning
oeiore Judge Ellsworth. The entire day
A L A M EDA COUNTY NEWS.
was occupied In selecting a jury. The
most minute detail of the juror"? «f>
qr&lntance with the defendant, his coun
sei or the assistant to the District Attor
ney was pone into. The gentk'inen select
ed were Messrs. Hfnry Schmidt. Henry
P.isoe, M. U. Bankhead. J. L. Champ
lln. W. P. Slattery. T. F. Power?. P. J
Johnson, "William Lungstaff. K. F. Crist.
Thomas Bridge and C. R. Barrett.
CHRISTIAN WOEKES DEAD.
Mrs. Ella T. McXnight, a Graduate
of Vanderbilt University,
Expires.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— Rev. H. M. Mc-
Knight, pastor of Asbury M. E. Church,
South, and president of the Associated
Charities of this city, has the sympathy
of all his friends in the loss of his wife,
Mrs. Ella T. McKnight. who died to-day
at the family residence, 672 Eighteenth
street. Over twenty years of her labor
have been devoted to active work in Cali
fornia on benevolent and religious lines.
She was taken ill a few days ago, ana
though she did not expect she would re
cover, she was cheerful and resigned and
gave directions concerning her burial.
She was not only a wiling but a very
capable worker. She had taught several
years before her happy marriage, and
afterward went with her husband to an
derbilt University and took a complete
theological and literary course, prepara
tory to the responsible duties of a minis
ter's wife. The funeral will take place at
"Woodland on Saturday afternoon.
Raided Two Poolrooms.
OAKLAND. Feb. IS.— Two stores on
Broadway were raided by the police
this afternoon for selling pools. They
were- Joe Dennis' cigar-store at 105G
Broadway and M. Wolfsohn's, at 953
Broadway. The proprietors and one
other man were arrested and released
on $50 bail. Since the opening of the
racing season small poolrooms have
been opened in the rear of many cigar
stores, but the police took no notice of
it until recently, when merchants have
made complaints that the practice of
encouraging betting has materially in
jured trade.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.— The Fire and
Water Committee will recommend that
the salary of Foreman Smith, of chem
ical No. 1. be fixed at $75 per month.
James W. Travers has compromised
his contest with his father's widow,
Mrs. Marie E. Travers. over the dis
tribution of the property.
Dr. R. O. Baldwin announced to-day
that he would not be a candidate for
re-election for the position of Coroner.
He declares that it Is his intention to
give all of his time to the practice of
his profession.
Will Remodel the Prison.
OAKLAND, Feb. 17.— The special com
mittee of the City Council on the renova
tion of the City Prison will recommend
the appropriation of $4000 to make the
suggested Improvements, These consist
of a new kitchen, a series of ventilating
shafts, new storerooms, electric lighting
and hot-water radiators for neatlng.
Harris-Ames Case.
OAKLAND. Feb. 17.— The Harris-Ames
case was continued this afternoon until
March 1 by consent of both parties. This
is to allow Mr. Moore to participate in
the Roeth c;i«e in another department.
Mr. Ames was on the stand all day, un
dergoing cross-examination. ,
Burrell-Hobler Wedding.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 17.— Edward F. Bur
rell of San Francisco and Miss Edith
Hobler. a niece of Judge Ellsworth of
this city, were married last evening. Rev.
F. S. Brush of the Presbyterian church
officiated. Only the immediate relatives
and friends of the contracting parties
were present. After the ceremony the
young couple went to San Francisco and
to-day left for the southern part of the
State for a honeymoon trip. After their
return they will reside in Alameda.
Appointments for Graduates.
BERKELEY, Feb. 17.— The scope of
the work of the recently established
teachers' registry of the university,
which is in charge of Mrs. May L.
Cheney, the appointment secretary, has
been broadened so as to include not
only prospective teachers but all stu
dents and graduates engaged and desir
ing to be engaged in professional and
business life. The establishment of the
college of commerce will greatly in
crease the work of the department.
FREDERICK K KRAUTH DEAD.
The VeteraQ Editor of Alan)eda Courjty Passej
Away.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 17.— Frederick K. Krauth Sr., the veteran editor and
founder of the Encinal, the oldest paper In Alameda County, died this morn
ing at his home on Park street. He had been ill for some time, having had
an attack of fever complicated with heart failure. His wife, to whom he
had been married for fifty-three years, died on the Bth inst. and was buried
a week ago to-day. The loss of his helpmeet was a great blow, and he de
clined rapidly until this morning, when he passed peacefully ' away. Mr.
Krauth was a native of Hagerstown. Md. f where he was born in 1824, and
was 74 years of age at the time of his death.
He acquired his education and learned the printer's trade In Frederick,
Md., and after attaining his majority went to New York City, where he was
employed for several years. In 1845 he married, and in 1849, when the gold
fever broke out, he came to California, being followed a year later by his
wife and children. At first he engaged in mining at Mormon Bar on the
American River, but soon gave that up and went to work on the Placerville
Democrat. After this he was engaged on different papers, including the
Sacramento Union and others. In company with Thomas McElroy he con
ducted the Santa Cruz Sentinel for a time. Subsequently he returned to San
Francisco and in 1569 came to Alameda and established the Encinal,, which
he conducted successfully until two years ago, when failing health com
pelled him to retire.
The deceased was an Odd Fellow and had been honored with high office
in that order. He was also a member of the Veteran Odd Fellows' Associa
tion and of the Society of California Pioneers. He leaves four children
three sons and a daughter. One of his sons, F. K. Krauth Jr., is chief engi
neer of the Alameda Fire Department.
The funeral will take place at Odd Fellows' Hall at 1 p. m. on Satur
day, and the interment will take place In Mountain View Cemetery.
Mr. Krauth had a wide circle of friends throughout the entire State, and
no newspaper man stood higher with his fellows. He was a tireless and in
defatigable worker for the advancement of the community, and every public
improvement found in him a warm supporter.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
NEARLY KILLED
WITH FUNGUS
Director McCoy Made an
Error "With His
Mushrooms.
A Little Frog-Leg Dinner That
Nearly Ended in a
Tragedy.
The Popular Musician Meets With a
Serious Accident From His
Own Cooking.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. IT.
J. W. McCoy, the director of the Oak
land Philharmonic Society and one of
the. best-known musicians on this side
of the bay, evidently knows little about
fungi. That he is not the central fig-
ure at requiem ceremonies to-day is at
tributable solely to the strength of his
stomach, for yesterday he took enough
poison with his lunch to kill even an
Oakland professional musician.
Mr. McCoy lives at San Leandro and
he is an epicure, but not a scientist. He
is fond of frogs' legs and mushroom
sauce. He prepares the dish himself
and is an expert chef, but he is unable
to distinguish between a toadstool and
a mushroom.
Last night the professor ate his frogs'
legs and sauce with his usual relish,
but soon realized that they did not har
monize with his constitution. He be
came deathly sick and a doctor was
sent for. The case was at once pro
nounced a serious one of poisoning.and
heroic measures were adopted to save
life. After several hours of hard work
the patient was declared to be out of
danger, but he Is still very sick.
A remarkable feature of the incident
it that a cat of the McCoy household,
who ate very heartily of the toadstool
sauce, was not in the least affected.
Director McCoy stated to-day that
hereafter he will never trust to his own
discretion in the matter of mush
rooms.
UNIVERSITY EXTENSION.
Lecture on Chinese Literature, As-
tronomy, English and
Pedagogy.
BERKELEY, Feb. 17.— The following
announcement of the university exten
sion lectures, which are to be given In
San Francisco during the coming term,
has been made:
The University of California announces
that during the second term of 1897-98 the
following university courses, free to the
public, will be given in the Mark Hon
kins Institute of Art, corner of California
and Mason streets. San Francisco:
Lectures on China, by Professor John
Fryer, Saturday mornings, beginning
March 12 at 10:30 o'clock. The titles of
these lectures are as follows: (1) "The
History of China." (2) "The Language of
China." (3) "The Literature of China,"
(4) "Confucianism," (5) "Taoism," (6)
"Chinese Buddhism."
Astronomy— Six lectures by Professor
Leuschner, Monday afternoons, beginning
March 7 at 4 o'clock. The titles of these
lectures are as follows: (1) "The Sun."
(2) "Comets," (3) "Double Stars," (4) 'As
teroids." (5) "Astro-physics." (6) "The
Development of Astronomical Photog
raphy."
Pedagogy— State University and High
schools. Three lectures by Professor El
mer E. Brown, Friday afternoons, begin
ning March 11 at 4 o'clock.
English — "The Influence of Moliere
Upon the English Comedy of Manners,"
two lectures; "The Desirability and Ad
vantages of an Endowed Theater," one
lecture, by Assistant Professor Syle,
Tuesday afternoons, beginning March 2'J
at 4 o'clock.
Note— Correspondence regarding exten
sion courses should be addressed to Mrs.
May L. Cheney, secretary for university
extension, University of California,
Berkeley.
Coach Cochran Coining.
BERKELEY, Feb. 17.— Garrett Coch
ran, Berkeley's big coach from Prince
ton, will arrive at Oakland Mole to
morrow evening nt 6:45. He will be
net at Port Costa by Football Captain
Hall. Football Manager Brown, Base
ball Captain Hoag, Bnseball Manager
Cross and Track Manager Dozier.
C'ochran will be taker, to San Francisco
and the students will plan a reception
for him probably on Saturday morning.
Philosophy of History. •
BERKELEY, Feb. 17.— Dr. K. C.
Babcock this afternoon delivered the
third of a aeries of lectures on "The
Philosophy of American History." "The
United States." he declared, "in its com
paratively brief career, has added much
to civilization. It has helped to dem
onstrate that progress is hastened by
avoiding war, having been a party to
nearly fifty arbitrations — half the total
number during that time between the
nations of the world."
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Feb. 17.— The Califor
nlan-Occident baseball game will take
place on the campus to-morrow morn
ing at 11:15. The proceeds of the game
will go to the benefit of James Tait,
better known as "Jimmy," the janitor
of North Hall, who recently had the
misfortune of having to send to the
insane asylum his wife, who had come
all the way from Ireland to wed him.
The Berkeley W. C. T. U. has passed
resolutions commending Marshal Lloyd
for his recent raid on the cigar-dealers
who had been selling intoxicants.
Burglars secured a considerable
amount of valuable booty last night
from an unoccupied house, known as
the Deakin House, on Telegraph ave
nue, in South Berkeley.
The Berkeley Firemen's Brass Band
will give an entertainment and ball in
Shattuck Hall next Saturday evening
for the benefit of their uniform fund.
MELANCHOLY'S
FATAL MANIA
Suicide in This City of A. H.
Wilbur, a Prosperous
Marysville Farmer.
Temporarily Insane He Cuts His
Own Throat From Ear to
Esr.
A. H. Wilbur of Marysvllle, a pros
perous farmer, who has for several
months past occupied rooms at 630
Sutter street, where he had located for
the purpose of receiving medical atten
tion, committed suicide yesterday morn
ing by cutting his throat with a pocket
knife.
The deceased had long been a suf
ferer from melancholia, and it was In
the hope of securing release from this
malady that he left his country home,
about three months ago, and came to
this city for treatment. H^ was under
the professional charge of Dr. Cluness
of 426 Sutter street, who also supplied
him with a nurse in a Miss Brown, who
kept a careful watch over the patient.
As was customary. Miss Brown took
Mr. Wilbur his breakfast yesterday
morning at about 8 o'clock. He par
took of the meal with apparent relish,
and the nurse cleared away the break
fast dishes and left the room for a
while. Returning abuut 9 o'clock to
the patient's apartment she was hor
ror-stricken to find him lying on the
bed dead, with his throat cut from ear
to ear.
The deceased was a married man,
and he leaves a widow at Marysvllle.
He Is reported possessed of consider
able wealth in property in that cityand
elsewhere.
GENEBAL PANIC BBEWING.
Hasty Resignations Forwarded to
General Dickinson, the New
Commander.
When Gen. John H. Dickinson returns
to the city from a tour of Inspection of
the public institutions throughout the
State, he will find that since his appoint
ment as Major General of the National
• iuurd a .general panic seems to have tak
en possession of his subordinate officers.
The several members of the staff of his
predecessor. General James, have ten
dered their resignations to the new com
mander, but it is universally believed
that few will be accepted. It Is a certain
ty that Cluff, Gallwey, Barren, Stanley.
Miles, Edwards and Fitzgerald will re
tain their present positions.
General James expresses entire satis
faction at the appointment of Dickinson,
having solicited it in his favor.
The desire of James to dispose of the
duties which his position as commander
involved was caused by the necessity of
the devotion of his entire time to business
affairs, which consequently prevented him
from giving the required attention to the
militia.
It is generally believed that Dickinson
will institute wholesale hostilities against
the members of the guard who took such
a decided stand against him during the
July of 1835, when he was in command of
the Second Brigade at Sacramento. In
fear of this it is expected that he will re
ceive many more hastily written resigna
tions upon his return to the city.
Among the prominent officers marked
for decapitation the name of Colonel Hen
shaw stands pre-eminent.
THE BOARD NOT CONCERNED.
Superintendent Webster Says That
the Annuity Fund Commission
Is a Private Matter.
Superintendent of Schools Webster
stated yesterday that the Board of
Education was in no wise concerned in
the coupon scheme which Tillmann &
Bendel have arranged with the Teach
ers' Annuity and Retirement Funa As
sociation. This organization he de
clared to be a private concern arranged
for the teachers themselves.
He stated that thus far Treasurer
Widbur, who is also treasurer of the
Retirement Fund Commission, had
spoken to him of three payments made
by the grocery firm. The first was
recorded on October 9, 1897, and
amounted to $165 34. The others were
November 10, $118 90, and December 13,
$127 50.
Superintendent Webster says that In
publishing an interview with him Till
mann & Bendel failed to state all that
was said and eliminated certain essen
tial portions of his view* on the sub
ject of teachers taking a hand In such
an enterprise. He stated, however, that
a poll of the teachers belonging to the
Retirement and Annuity Fund Associ
ation had shown that the majority were
in favor of the scheme.
Will Sing Sacred Music.
Miss Nellie Giusti, formerly a promi
nent member of St. Joseph's choir, Is
now connected with the Bostonlans. She
has consented to sing at the offertory
In St. Joseph's Church, Tenth and How
ard streets, on Sunday morning.
To Cure a Cold t o One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qutnln- Tablet*. AH
flrugrlstti refund the money If !t fails to core
I£c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
REQUIEM FOR
BROTHER CIANAN
Funeral of the Man Who
Has Founded Many
Schools.
His Body Is Followed to the
Tomb by His Former
Pupils.
Started tha Scholastic Work at St.
Mary's and at Sacred
Heart.
OAKLAND, Feb. l.The funeral
of Brother Clanan was held at St.
Mary's College this morning. The col
lege students and alumni attended In
large numbers, and many priests from
the city and surrounding towns were
among the mourners.
A solemn requiem mass was said at
9 o'clock, the celebrant being Rev. L.
Serda of Sacred Heart Church, this
city, deacon; Rev. J. J. Cranwell, chap
lain of the college, sub-deacon; Rev.
J. A. Cull, St. Francis de Sales, and
Master of Ceremonies Rev. J. F. Byrne,
St. Brigid's Church, San Francisco.
The clergymen in attendance were
Revs. M. Kings W. Gleeson, J. B. Mc-
Nally, E. J. Nolan of Oakland, Very
Revs. W. Newhall, O. P.; J. Johns, O.
P.; Mahar. O. P.; O'Rourke, O. P.;
Revs. M. D. Connelly, W. Kirby, P. D.
Brady, M. Kenneally, P. Heslin, P.
Scanlon, J. Prelotto, S.. J.; J. Finnlgan,
S. J., of San Francisco; P. Foley, of
Alameda; J. Phillips, Berkeley; M.
Scanlan, Dixon, and H. Lagan and J.
Phelan, of San Rafael.
The "Gregorian Requiem" was sung
at mass by sixteen of the students un
der the direction of Professor
Schorcht. The Bololets were W. P.
Sullivan, J. I. ODea and G. E. Hay
ward. Father J. J. Cranwell of the
college pronounced the eulogy.
The College Cadets, three companies,
numbering forty members each, led the
procession to the cemetery. The com
pany commanders were: A, Captain F.
M. Silva; B, Captain J. Macky; C, Cap
tain O. Welch. The pall-bearers were:
Brother Erminold of San Francisco,
Brother Genebern and Brother Baban
lan of Oakland, Brother Michael of San
Rafael, Brother Ambrose of Sacramen
to and Brother William of Oakland.
WITH THE ACTORS
AND THE MUSICIANS.
Two Soloists at the Loring Concert.
Miss Giusti's Debut With the
Bostonians.
Everybody who had tickets for the
Loring Club's concert Wednesday even
ing must have attended, for the audience
outnumbered the seats by several hun
dred. The special events were the debuts
of Llewelyn A. Hughes and Mrs. Florence
Scarborough. Mr. Hughes is a young vio
linist of brilliant promise. He brings a
strong sonorous tone from his instrument,
his execution is honest, and he has an
abundance of temperament and gootf
taste. .He made his debut before a San
Francisco audience In Leonard's "Sou
venirs de Bade," a showy little concert
piece of no particularly depth, but one
that calls for a variety of technique. For
an encore he played a reverie by Dancla
with clean intonation and just the right
shade of sympathy. There are so many
spurious contraltos that it is always a
pleasure to listen to a voice that has the
real quality. Undeniably Mrs. Scarbor
ough's is a contralto, and one of wide
range and extreme power. Mrs. Scar
borough sang the cavatina from the all
but forgotten version of "Romeo and
Juliet," written by Bellini under title of
"I Capuletti ed i Montecehi." It is a
piece that demands unusual range and
flexibility, and the singer's interpretation
warranted an enthusiastic encore, to
which she responded with a ballad. "Sigh
No More." Mrs. Scarborough should be
a welcome addition to local concert and
choir circles. The Loring Club seems to
be enjoying new life under the magnetic
baton of Mr. D. P. Hughes. The con
certed numbers went splendidly Wednes
day night. An especial gem was the scene
from Max Bruch's Frithjof's Saga.
The attendance at the Columbia is pick
ing up. "What Happened to Jones de
serves to prosper.
The Tivoli's revival of "Said Pasha" is
not doing the business it ought to do.
"The Vice-Admiral" will replace it Mon
day night.
"Charley's Aunt" continues to pile up a
run at the Alcazar.
The great Oautier and his horses are in
their last weeks at the Orpheum.
The Troubadours have changed the
usual luck of the California and will play
an extra week.
Miss Eleanor Giusti, a San Francisco
girl, who left here some months ago to
join the Bostonians. appeared with that
Organization last night in Alice Nielsen's
part of Yvonne in "The Serenade" and
made a very favorable impression. Her
voice is fresh and supple and she came
through the difficult passages at the close
of the waltz song with pretty grace. In
the bolero, too, she was very much to the
good. Miss Giusti's acting is a bit un
gainly as yet, but she has t\\e personality
and the voice for success in light opera.
Barnabee was back in the cast last night
and largely himself again; Hawley is still
substituting Macdonald. The little "S. R.
O." sign was standing near the door at
an early hour.
Morocco's has an unusually strong at
traction in Bronson Howard's famous old
warnorse, "Shenandoah."
A Cashier Harries.
James G. Chesley. the popular cashier
of the Chronicle, and Miss Nellie M-. Con
way were quietly married last evening
at the home of the bride. 10S McAllister
street. John J. Deane was best man and
Miss Julia Conway. a sister of the bride,
officiated as bridesmaid. Only the imme
diate relatives attended the ceremony.
There are al 35,000 blind people in
England.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fat is absolutely neces*
sary as an article of diet.
If it is not of the right kind
it may not be digested. Then
the body will not get enough
of it. In this event there
is fat-starvation.
Scott's Emulsion supplies
this needed fat, of the right
kind, in the right quantity,
and in the form already
partly digested.
£s a result all the organs
and tissues take on activity,
joe. and fi.oo, all druggists.
i-COTT & BOWNE, Chtmiata, New Yorfc
..•?,•■ ■'■■
BASIL H, PAUL'S
LAST CLOSING*OUT
AUCTION
OF
Genuine DMQQ
Oriental nUUO,
CARPETS, PORTIERES, Etc.,
FRIDAY and SATURDAY, Feb. 18, 19,
AT 2 P. M. DAILY.
AT 116 SUTTER STREET,
Between Kearny and Montgomery.-
His collection of Rugs stands without rival.
His auction sale is peremptory and genuine.
All will be sold out before he leaves the city.
No rug lover can afford to miss this oppor-
tunity FRANK BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer.
FURNITURE 5 ROOMS.
THIS DAY. FRIDAY, AT II A. M.. AT
729 O'FARRELL ST.. NR. LARKIN.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. CO2 Market St.
THE CHAMPION
SOAP-WRAPPERS
The World Record Beaten Last
Evening at the Mining
Fair.
Popularity of the Nevada Tunnel.
Another Cake Walk Monday
Evening.
The world's record for wrapping soap
has been beaten again, and Miss Kittle
Raye will hereafter be known as the
Pacific Coast champion soap wrapper.
The time it took her to wrap 100 cakes
of soap at the Mining Fair last even
ing was five minutes thirty-five sec
onds, beating the former record by
thirty seconds. The winner was award
ed a very pretty gold ring set with
sapphires and diamonds. The next In
line for the championship was Ida
Faircough, who finished in six minutes
fourteen seconds. Third was a tie be
tween Gussle Schilling and Lena Oh
lendorf, and fourth went to Dollie
Burns. Liza Gettigan and Alice Asper
came in last. Each participant received
a pretty prize.
There is going to be another cake
walk at the fair on Monday evening,
and this time the winners will receive
cash prizes from $15 down. All partici
pants must have their names enrolled
early.
A cocoanut opening contest will be
the attraction Saturday night, and
there is considerable interest manifest
ed, owing to the fact that this is the
first time a contest of this kind will be
seen on this coast.
Last night the Hewitts made a hit
and their tricks were really clever. The
antics of the clown kept the people in
a roar continually. It Is really a better
show than was expected.
To-morrow the U. C. boys will visit
the fair, and in the evening there will
be a lecture by Professor Lange of that
university. It will also be the first of
the county days. Kern, Fresno, and El
Dorado counties will have the fair for
their own.
The Nevada exhibit is extremely pop
ular, especially the tunnel, to which
place every evening a crowd may be
seen wending its way. The musical
programme for to-night is as follows:
Overture, "■William Tell" Rossini
'•Tanantelle 1 ' '. Jullien
Selection. "Flying Dutchman" Wagner
'Funeral March of a Marlonet" Gounod
Intermission.
Grand Fantasie. "Battle of Gettysburg"
(For description see programme in Nug
get of February 11.)
Waltz, "Sweethearts" ' D" Albert
Solo for cornet
W. B. Rogers.
"Torchlight Dance" Meyerbeer
YON TIEDEMAN GETS
_A.NEW TRIAL
Perjury to Be an Offense Against the
Law Must Be "Willfully"
Given.
Carl W. yon Tiedeman, through the
decision of the Supreme Court as hand
ed down yesterday by Justice Garoutte
and concurred in by Justices Harrison
and Van Fleet, has another chance to
escape the State prison.
The crime for which Yon Tiedeman
was convicted in Department 2 of the
Superior Court in this city was for
perjury growing out of the fraudulent
conveyance of a piece of real estate
supposed to be transferred from Mrs.
Harriett P. Christy to Horace G. Platt.
During the trial for the illegal record
ing and the reception of the considera
tion therein mentioned Yon Tiedeman,
when shown the photograph of a wo
man who was known to be Mrs. Sarah
R. Owen, swore positively that she was
the woman who represented herself to
him as Mrs. Christy. This portion of
his testimony was found to be false,
and fts a consequence he was indicted
on the charge of perjury.
For this crime he was convicted and
sentenced to State prison. The usual
appeal followed, with the result that
the Supreme Court saw nt to reverse
the verdict on the ground that it was
not shown at the trial that the perjury
was "willfully" given. The Justices of
the higher court in arriving at their de
cision in this case cited numerous au
thorities in support of their views on
what constitutes perjury within the
meaning of the law to make it a pris
onable offense, and after all reasonable
deduction have come to the conclusion
that perjury to be an offense under the
law must be "willful." Hence Yon
Tiedeman escapes going to the State
prison.
"GOLD COIN" ELIMINATED.
The Charter Makers Labor Long and
Assiduously Over the Framing
of a New Section.
The owning by the city of all public
utilities and the manner of acquiring
the same have occupied the attention !
of the Freeholders for the past two
sessions. Section 2, where the law com- i
mittee had inserted the words "gold :
coin," was the one which provoked the
longest discussion, and, in fact, brought |
out more oratorical eloquence than all
other sections put together.
The objectionable word "gold"
aroused the ire of Freeholders Mc-
Carthy and Cridge to such an extent
that they fought over every inch of j
available ground to have it stricken
out. In this they were assisted at last
night's session by Mr. O'Connor, while
Clement and Sachs were equally as ,
tenacious in having the "gold coin" re- i
main. Thus the contention was pro- !
longed until Freeholder Taylor came ;
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer,
Office AVaferocfns, 783 Mission St. I. Tel: Clay 47.
CONTINUATION SALE.
I will sell . the balance : stock of Stationery
THIS DAY (FRIDAY), February IS, ISPS, at
713 LARKIN-STREET, at 11 a. m,; also, at 2
p. m.. at 2 OLIVE AVENUE, near Larkinst.
all the "Elegant Furniture of the. above resi-
dence, consisting of Ueilroom Pets, Parlor Set,
Djr.lng-room Set,' Carpets Tables, Range, etc.
For particulars see Chronicle.
E. COHN, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
Thoroughbreds in Training
:j£^ PROPERTY OF
| MESSRS. BURNS & WATERHOUSE
Comprising CASPAR, ALMA, COCEMZA.'LOS-
SETTE, BURMAH, COCINA. B. A \V., OSRIC
11. GLACIER, BALBBURY 11. BLITZ, MA-
LAY, PRINCE BLAZES, BULLETIN. SINO
WING. MISTLETON, SYBARIS (late Thorpe),
PUBLIC AUCTION
■AT 12 M., ON -*:-^
SATURDAY, February 19, 1898,
.' AT %■,?■;£
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Catalogues ready. -
KILLIP & CO., Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery street. San Francisco. .
1
;
,
|
forward witlf an amendment which all
accepted, and the section was
eventually passed with his amendment.
As amended the debated portion reads:
"Section 2. The municipal bonds is
sued under the provisions of this chap
ter shall be of the character of bonds
known as serials, and shall be payable,
in lawful money of the United States,
and the Supervisors shall decide at the
Issue of the bonds in what lawful
money of the United States said bonds
shall be payable."
■ ♦ »
.: :. Medical College Lecture.
Dr. Charles M. Fisher .will, lecture at
Cooper Medical College this evening on
"The Celland Its Relation' to Heredity."
j/^*%. Gibbon's Dispensary,
flfiC^fli ■'"'"' KIAI!>^ NT. Established
H jv'3iilB '" "*s* ir tiie treatment of Piivata r
MtiJ^llf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
4a|3EuflA disease v.-r>aritigon body and mind and
V ratrnSS skln Diseases, The doctorcures when
jMHB")liw-'ai!. Try him. ChnrKO.slow.
ZNSwWKWifea <'iire«siiar:iiil «••■;!. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. I-'. i: ■!<>>'. Bex 1957. San lMuucisi-o.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
The New and Elegant Steamship
COTTAGE CITY
' WILL SAIL FROM BROADWAY WHARF
SATURDAY - - FEB. 19, 4 P. M.
FOR JUNEAU, DOUGLAS ISLAND,' SITKA,
MARY ISLAND. KETCHIKAN,- LORING.
WRANGEL AND KILLISNOO, ;': v.
• "-..- VIA SEATTLE. ..'
(Passengers' for Dyea : and Skaguay trans-
ferred at Juneau to Steamer Wolcott.)
The Magnificent-3000-ton: Iron Steamship
AUSTRALIA
■ WILL SAIL FROM PACIFIC-STREET WHARF
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 2 P.M.
FOR SKAGUAY, DYEA, JUNEAU AND
''. DOUGLAS ISLAND, ALASKA, VIA
.-';<,.*:.-•';"/ •* .*> ' " SEATTLE. (
..".Passengers,booked; through on this steamer
without transfer. . Fine passenger accommoda-
tions. I'lenty.-. of room for dogs.
I TICKET OFFICE—4 ' New -Montgomery street,
Palace Eotel.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.
1 ■ ■ 10 Market St., San Francisco. :
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf,, j&t3^
Sun Francisco, as follows: . taSSK
For ports in Alaska. 10 a. m., Feb. 5. 10. 20,
25, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C. Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortea and
N3W Whatcom 'Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 10
a. m.. Feb. 5. 10, 15. 20, 25, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
T&coma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C. p. Ry.
For • Eureka (Humboldt .Bay), steamer Ho-
mer, 10 a. m., Feb. 13, 19, 25. March 3, 9, Is.
21. 27, and every sixth' day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
yucos.'Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavl-
bta. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huenemc, . San
Pedro, East San Pedro "(Los Angeles) 'an.l
Newport. Pa. . m.. Feb. 2. 6. 10. 14. SS. 22, 28,
and every fourth day thereafter.
. For San Diego., stopping only at - Port • Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Kedondo . (Los Angeles), 11
n. .m.. Fob. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20, 24. 28. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdatena Bay. San' Jose del
Cabo,- Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ho-
palla and Guaymas (Mex.) 10 a. m.. March 6.
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter. •
• The company • reserves the right to chan?9
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and•'■>"»" rst of •nM'Tie. . ->. - , 
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery st. ...
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. /srts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEASIERS TO
PORTLAND
Ui From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC £12 First Clnss Inchidlnsr Berth
TAIIC <p8 s econt C|n -»nd MeaU
■ '.; SCHEDULE OF §ATI>TNQS:
•State of California ....;... Jan. 23. Feb. 2. 12, M
C01umbia:V.V......\..-'...:Jan. 28. Feb. 7. 17. 27
Through tickets and through baggago' to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to ;. F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
• • ■■.'•-.• "-" ■ 630 Market ntre«t.
. GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. .
-.•-.- .:. .. -■•■■• » Superintendents.
vJ^d|gi(lU{fl • S. S. AUSTRALIA.
<A^HfH3Slill%SL fr 'f HONOLULU only.
■ iifll £ * Thursday. February
B^ 6m" . > >^ 17, at 2p. m. Special
fHWniE&dt S. AUSTRALIA.
[jklilliL fr ''' HONOLULU only.
•t**3""" Thursday. February
M . 17, at 2 p. m. Special
»tlw»Siram^hinJ party S.S.MARTPOSA
vJtwmch|n J The S. S. MARTPOSA.
mJ&tgj/ CylMll!Dlllr' 1- iai]s via HONOLULU
T VjSß^ •'; /orflTOniUand AUCKLAND for
AWillfyUltSr SYDNEY. 1 Wednesday.
•■ ■;;- '■ • '" ■ • ' Febmary 23, at 2p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS.'CO.. Agents.
■ - 114 Montgomery street.-
Freight Office— Market st.. San Francisco.
Compagnis • Generals Transatlantiqa?.
. / French Line to Havre. •
• Company"!! 1 Pier in^v;, >.■« North f>-~af
River, loot of : orton st. Travelers <XjTE&
by this line- avoid both ■ transit by •»sK**=a<rt»
English railway and the Uliioomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to .
' Alexandria. - Kgypt,; via »'■< rtJ. first class ; $IW.
second class $116. '. v. '-■■ ■.-....
LA BRETAGNE December 11, M a. fa.
LA GASCOGNE.... December 18. 10 a. ra.
LA NORMANDIE December 25, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAONE ...... January 8, 10 ». a»
• Tot further particulars apply to • ;
■■.-i . A. FORGET. Agent.
T's.-:.-:■•;.*. No. », Bowling Green. New Tor*.
■3. r. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgons»r>i
aye.. Ban Francisco. '.; - ", -;.:;■.- ■' . ■ ■ ,-.:.■:■■.-•■(
STOCKTON STEAMERS V
Leave Pier No. 3.Washington St., at 0
..,..■ .. v- :... i.p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RtCEIVEU Lf TO 5:30 P. M.
■ Accommodations - reserved by telephone.
''.'The only line selling. through tickets and ;1»-
Ing through freight rates to all points no Ui
Valley Railroad. , . .:
STEAMERS:
:T. C. WALKER. . ' 3. V: PETERS. *
If ART GARRATT. ' CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Mb In SO3 Cai. Nay.and Impt. Co.
For Sao Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
i!? Steamer 'Alvlso* loaves Pier; 1 ; daily' (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m.; Alvlso dally (Saturdays
ezceptcd) at 6 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare ■ between San Francisco and Alvlso. - We; -
to Ban Jose. .760. j Clay street. Pier 1, 41 Nort*
First ; street. San Joss. .-. ;■- •■-'■- ;.:^;.:^
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJ3.
■ >'v ■"Steamer " Monticello" :'-;'. ':
Will lie up ;to i receive new boiler and ,- general :
overhauling.: on February 1, : and resume her .
route on March 1. * • -:: . ;: ■ HATCH BROS.
1314
A FIST SON OF
SIR MODRED
El Mido Made a Sensa- ,
tional Run in the Two- .
Year-Old Event.
All Predictions and Figures
Once More Upset by
Collins.
i
Morinel Proved a Very Fleet Filly.
Senator Bland in Winning
Form Again.
The two-year-olds that were uncov
ered previous to yesterday were a most
mediocre lot, none of them showing
class enough to be termed stake ani
mals. But El Mido started by Trainer
Johnny Campbell in the "kindergarten"
event at Emeryville yesterday is ap
parently "a right good one." He is a
son of imp. Sir Modred and Ethel, and
the reports of his fast work had pre
ceded him, for in the betting his odds
■were gradually rubbed from 8 to o down
to 4 to 5. His was a sensational race,
and the friends of Campbell's young
ster can thank Conley for cashing
their tickets. Breaking from the bar
rier well, he almost immediately fell
out of the running, and when the
stretch was reached looked hopelessly
beaten. Conley then went to work on
him. and with gigantic strides the bay
fellow, jump by jump, wore down the
lead of those In front of him, and at
the wire gained the verdict over The
Miller by the narrowest of jnargins,
many thinking he had failed to make
it. The four furlongs were covered in
49*4 seconds, but the winner is capable
of lowering this considerably and will
be heard from in the future. The open
ing favorite Amoltopec finished a close
third.
Aside from this the racing was very
commonplace. Of the six favorites sent
to the post three earned brackets. The
fine weather attracted a good attend
ance.
The Burns & Waterhouse entry Els
more opened favorite for the first event
on the card, a five and a half furlong
sprint, but receded in the betting, and
Diggs closed a mild choice. Dorsey,
astride the latter, broke first of the
bunch, but was outfooted to the stretch
by Plumeria. There assuming the lead
again he won easily by over two
lengths. Plumeria was headed out for
the place by Elsmore.
The talent sent Barney Schreiber's
gelding. Dr. Marks, to the post favor
ite for the mile selling affair following,
but he was clearly outfooted from the
start. After six furlongs had been
covered Spencer sent Morinel to the
front, and the honest little filly simply
rolled in ahead of Duke of York, cover
ing the distance in l:4l^i. Thorpe land
ed Bonita in the show.
Dr. Rowell's brown gelding, Collins,
fooled the wise ones over the result of
the mile and a furlong _-vent. decided
under selling conditions. With odds of
8 to 1 against him in the ring he led
from start to finish, and in a hard drive
downed Rey del Tierra, ridden by Mc-
Donald, a neck in l:s|f%. Paul Pry,
backed down to 7 to 2 favoritism, came
fast at the end, securing the show.
Senator Bland came out after a long
rest and found it easy work to dispose
of his company in the seven-furlong
purse run. The chestnut horse ruled
an even-money choice in the betting
around post time, and. after standing
the second choice, Lord Marmion, on
his head, won in rollicking fashion
from Flashlight in 1:27^4- Ace was a
starter, but was clearly unfit.
Charley Thorpe was, as usual, al
lowed to beat the barrier with the 6 to
1 chance R. Q. Ban. in the last event,
at five and a half furlongs, and, never
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
pALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-Oak!and Track-94th day of the Wln-
V-» ter Meeting, Thursday, Feb. 17. 1893. Weather fine. Track fast.
•
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; Belling;
purse. $300.
three-year-olds and upward;
601 Dlggs. a 107 1 ... 2H 2 2 ... 124 Dorsey
&n Elsmore, 3 10SI13 ... 12 h 7h ... 2h '.Thorpe
£.82 Plumerla. E 10515 ... 1»i 14 ... 3n 'Oouln
356 William 08. 6 110|ll ... 10 2 10 1 ... 4 V 4 iClayton
556 Pat Murphy, 6 107 6 ... 7%, S ... 5 4 IClawson
600 Mount Roy. a 107| 7 ... 11 4 6 2 ... 6 4 ,R. Narvaez ..
596 Harry Owynn. 4....1i0<10 ... 15 » 4 ... 7 2 'Taylor .
4»0 Tim Murphy, a M7l 2 ... 6h 11 4 ••• 8 1 iVan Kuren ..
652 Sir Richard, a 110:3 ... 3h 3^ ... 9 2 E. Jnnes ...
43$ Monitor. 5 in? 4 ... 4h 4 4 ... Ml !Conley
460 Entrata, 3 1001 9 ... 8h 112 ... 112 H. Brown ...
571 February. 4 105 S ... 11 5h ... 12 14 [McDonald ...
IM Kaiserln. 3 102 ! 13 ... 13 2 13 2 ... 13 14 (Spencer .
E25 Jerllderlo, 4 105;i4 ... 6 4 14 1 ... 14 3 MrOinn
6&0 Tom Smith, 4 107/15 ... 9 8 15 ... U <;r:.y j
Time, 1:084. Winner, B. J. Johnston's b. g. by Red Iron-Lily Wrlght~ GocxTsta
easily.
4 4
2 4
5 6
12. 15
'S 8
12 15
50 30
20 30
8 10
8 10
30 20
30 12
20 40
90 50
20 SO
: Won
609 SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse. $3SO.
(584) Morinel 10-t 4
SSO Duke of York 11....10S 3
570 Bonlto 107' 2
(592) Dr. Marks 105 5
M 9 Prince Tyrant 113! 7
567 Musculado 103 10
553 P. A. Finnegnn ...106111
596 Magnus lo.i 1
560 Honlta R U ft
6"12 Loumont 93 6
5!.2 Bow and Arrow 1001 8
rim.
5 2
3 h
2 4
4 2.,.
6 h
11
1 14
.10 2
Sl4
9 4
tim. "Jim.
0 14 3 1
3% 4 %
4h 5 1
2 4 1 Vi
64 6 %
7 4 72
11 11
1% 2 4
10 24 • 9 2
9 2 10 4 . .
82 8 2
Dtr.
1 1
• 5 2
6 24
I 2V4
4 h
7 h
11
3 1
9 H
- 10 2
8 2
fin. (
Tin
2 2
'3 h i
4 5 ]
65
6 3 i
7 4 '
8 h I
9 2
10 3 !
. 11
•>eneer
mley
horpe
. Martin ...
Sloan I
3
6
3
5-2
10
60
50
20
100
40
15
4
E
7-2
2
15
100
100
30
300
60
15
cDonald ..A
an Kuren ..
lawson j
olmes I
Connor j
ray |
Time. 1:41%.
Winner. M. Storn's b. f. hy Morello-Sunllt. Good start. Won eauilf.
610.
THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $350.
... El Mldo 110 2 ... ... 5% 5h Ins Conley 8-5 4-6
EOT The Miller 95 ; I ... ... 12 124 2 <Vi McNlchols 8 12
(591) Amoltopec * 1(17 3 ... ... 2h 2 2^" 3C* Thorpe ."' 1 7-5
£8 Anchored 105 5 ... ... 3 2 il4 4 5 'Gray .YYYYYYY. 8 15
579 Stone L... 107 i 6 6 6h lO'Nell ....... 100 HO
597 La Paresseuse ..■■■lo7! 6 • ... ... 4 6 434 8_ IClawson ..... 20 40
Time. ' :«%. Winner, 11. L. Frank's b. c. by imp. Sir Modred-Ethel Good start. Wen
first three driving. -
.1
111 1 2
» 1
it
; 5
1 *
jJL.
5 4
1 2
2 h
3 2
C
4 6
5 h
1 24
2 2
2 14
6
434
1 ns IConley
2 % McXlchols ...
3 C Thorpe
4 5 'Gray
6 h lO'Nell
6 IClawson
8-5
8
1
8
100
20
4-6
12
7-6
15
150
40
O«f FOI'RTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling;
Dili purse, $400.
~lndex. Horses." "Weight. Tst". """Std." HmT~%nT S?r
SSB Collins, 6 ....109 5
(599) Rey Del Tlerra. 4 .107 1
f.76 Paul Pry. 6.......... 107 8
(574) Coda, 3 .....107 3
(660) Can't Dance. 3 .109 2
194 Devil's Dream, 4.. 97! 9-
Ml Mamie O. 5......... 97 4
894 Metalre. 5 .93 I
&99 Don Clarenclo. 4... 107' 7
574 Heidelberg. 4 97 1 10
11 12 1 14
Sl4 3 214 S n
7nß 2 7 1
4 h 64 9 12
824 5 n 6 \
9 1 9 6 In
2 h 2 4 2 h
514 h 5 4
6 4 7 n 4 1,
10 10 10
11 11
4 2 2 14
6h 8 2
9 12 5 n
6h 4 h
814 7 h
2ns 6 4
74 9 6
34 3 h
10 10
1 h 18, Jones
2 14 McDonald ....
3 6 Thorpe
4 h Spencer
6 ns Shields
6 4 IClawson
7 4 |O' Connor ....
8 2 IMcCarthy ....
9 8 IConley
10 IWalnrlght ...
s
s
4
12
5
4
12
20
8
IS
9
5
7-2
25
6
I
12
60
6
25
Time. 1*4%. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's br. -g. by Inspector B-Piazza.
Won first three driving.
Good
612.
FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; thr
I.
29S Senator Bland. 5.... 117! 2 224 234 In 11 12 Sneneor 1 1
CM) Flashlight. 0 117i3 3n 3n 3 5 334 2 4 ics"oan 10 10
r« Lord Marmion. 3 .107! I 124 1* #6 ll* Ito Thorpt ".:::::: 8-5 7-5
330 Ace. 6 111! 4 4 4 4 4 4 [Conley 15 20
n
Time. 1:27%. Winner. H. 1,. Frank's eh. h. by Imp. Inverness- Wood Violet. Good start.
. Won easily. . ■ .■ %-■ . •. •■ -- . . ■ .• • ■•. •.■-. 1 jV ... -»,•
613.
SIXTH RACE-Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and ; upward;
pm*s^, $300.
C«3 R. Q. Ban, 6 !
COl Howard, a i
600 Don't Skip Me, 4...:
571 I Don't Know, a....:
600 Sport McAllister. «.:
601 fiaticoy, 3 1
£•92 Valenclenne, 3 — j
SM Allle Belle, J I
1
7
4
r
2
5-
«--
1
8
: i m
« %
4 h
8 1 \
I H .
7 1
6 1
■ 9 --'■:
3 24
12 "
8 2V4
4 4
8 5
2 24
7 h
6 h
9
3*
1 24 • ■
4 h ■
3 h '
7 1
I 1%
6 h -
82
9 . '
6 2
1 6
2 4
3 2
4 34
6 24
6 3
7 4
8 24
n
orpe ........
sneer ..:...
nley ....:...
iwson ....... I
les ....;....|
'!•• i
6 6
« 8
5-2 8-5
6 7
10 8
40 60
7 10
10 8
8 10
lines
Nichols ...
COO Fly. a ....:
i Weber ...
Time, 1:074.
Won easily.
, E. W. Purser's b. h. by Golden Ban-Little Virgil.
Fair start.
■.-■■■■■ . ' - .
■
■ ■ . •- ■ ■
hard pressed, led Howard over the line
in a gallop. The 8 to 5 favorite. Don't
Skip Me, finished a close third, lapping
on the place horse. *
TRACK ITEMS.
The Burns & Waterhouse "weeding out" *a!e
conducted by Ktllip & Co. will take place to
morrow at the Oakland track, beginning at
12 m. In the lot to b« disposed of are such
well-known performers as Caspar, Alma. Bur
mah. B & W. Osric 11, Mistleton, Glacier,
Prince Blazes and Sybarls.
Elsmore gives promise of becoming a very
useful colt. He was away from the post very
badly in the opening event, but made up a
vast amount of ground and finished a good
second.
Diggs was well backed yesterday, but at his
previous start one bookmaker said he was
unable to take in J7 on the Johnson entry. On
thut occasion Dorsey managed to gel his mount
away from the post badly, but yesterday was
off in front.
There is much grumbling among bettors at
the way Thorpe is allowed to delay starts until
he gets a break that suits him. He pays no
more attention to Starter Ferguson than
though he was an automaton figure. Charley
has a large following and these Fame specu
lators like to see h:rn win. but then other
riders' mounts are backed, and Mr. Ferguson
should remember this. Thorpe wins many of
his races by the advantage gained by being
allowed to beat the gate.
Mat Storn possesses in Morinel about the
most consistent little piece of racing furniture
on the traok. She is always knocking at the
gate and is becoming a big favorite with race
goers.
The programme for the first week's racing at
Ingleside was issued yesterday. At the com
ing meeting at the local track no entry will
be accepted from any trainer not provided
with a trainer's license.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward: selling.
5S>6 Silver State .... 93: ... Carter D 100
60S Harry Qwyfln... 96 1 574 Widow Jones .. 90
...Huntsman 95 i 410 Sutton 95
5*6 Dolore 90 ; 601 Alvero 95
574 Sardou 103 1 696 Chappie 92
596 Koenigen 90 j 520 O'Fleeta 103
6«1 Sea Spray 95
Second Race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; Belling.
552 Amelia Fonso... 97 j 514 Gallant 91
(6()S)Diggß 9*l 578 Blue Bell 101
KM Pat Murphy ... 991 SSI Lorena II 105
6iV' Mahogany 103 577 Peixotto 11l
575 Durwad BS| 60S February 94
674 Miss Ruth B» 432 Earl Cochran ..103
57S Me Farlane 99 606 Robair 107
578 Charles A 91 601 Walter J 102
4,'hS Fanny S 9S. 226 Sohnltz 102
Third Race — Four furlongs; selling; two-year
olr.p.
601 Clarando 94! ... Bly 103
■V.> 7 San Augustine. .loo; (603) E. Come 106
... Dunpraise 106 ... Moby 94
603 Semicolon 92 1
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
four-yenr-olds and upward; selling.
: 572 Mrs Shade 92 Mi Don Daniel 95
1 57S Pollock 1011 578 Diablita 98
i SSS. Drausht 101. .".61 Outgo 93
•■ 506 Rockefeller H Foremost 101
EH George Palmer. :'4 MJ Peter II 102
> 274 Jay Wheeler ..96 5.2 Sylvester 107
: <r.r.l)Yerasua 103 i 6w Stentor »S
694 Adam Andrew- 96
Fifth Race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds.
602 Rose Maid MO l 307 Bonnie lone ...100
5H Kummel 100 ... Baracan 100
■• 879 Hertha 100, 6<W Prince Tyrant. .llo
592 Ablna 10S: 60S Kalserin 105
i ... Kitty Hlake ..M0 198 Soaeol 103
607 Rnyal Prize lO2< (60fi)>'hihuahua 107
i 572 Mo'ringa 102: 607 Flandes 1%
I 501 Formella 105 1 ... Muldrew 105
600 Ping 105 i 56T Rio Frlo 107
: Sixth Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
I and upward; selling.
! 599 Mamie Scot .... 97! 577 Olive 93
: 59ri Montallade . 9J (S'.t4)Treachery 105
i <sS2)Refugee 103 Cl 2 Roche 106
j 232 Parthemax 107! 595 Myth 104
595 Kamsln 10.V <S96)Ruatiwarmer ...95
I (SSMRed Glenn 95 (563) Mainstay 106
<4-<6)Zamar II 104
| SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Sutton, O'Fleeta. Chappie.
Second Race — Robatr. Mahogany, Dlggs.
Third Race— E. Come, Semicolon, Clarando.
Fourth Race— Peter 11. Stentor. Yeragua.
Fifth Race — Chihuahua. AWna. Baracan.
Sixth Race— Parthemax. Myth. Roche.
Asthma&Bronchitis cured. No paytlll cured. Dr.
Sordins'Sanltarium,sl4Plne,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Ca!.
Stamp Agents Doomed.
It is reported that the Postoffice au
thorities have decided to abolish the sev-
eral stamp agencies in this city. There
has been much trouble with them, owing
to the desire of business competitors to
be allowed the kke privilege of selling
postage stamps to their customers, and
Washington has become weary of the
complaints that have been pouring in for
the past year or two.
A Good Appointment.
Miss Belle C. Lewald. stenographer to
the Postmaster, received from Washing
ton yesterday the news that she had been
appointed a member of the Civil Service
Commission of this city. This was fol
lowed by the local announcement that
the commission had appointed Jier as its
secretary.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1893.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
C. S. Morey. a mining man of Denver, is
a guest at the Palace.
L. N. Breed of Los Angeles is at the Oc
cidental with his wife.
Mrs. Winslow Anderson is seriously ill.
She is at her home In this city.
F. C. Lusk, the Chico banker, is among
yesterday's arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. F. H. Swan, one of the leading phy
sicians of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
Judge Alex. Campbell, a prominent jur
ist of Los Angeles, is staying at the
Grand.
Alfred Jones, one of the leading busi
ness men of Petaluma, is a guest at the
California.
Dr. W. E. Taylor is in his rooms at the
Baldwin suffering from a severe attack
of pneumonia.
E. W. McLaughlin, a capitalist of San
Jose, is at the Occidental with his wife
and daughter.
E. E. Beeman, the celebrated chewing
gum manufacturer of Cleveland, Ohio, is
at the Palace.
T. J. Knowlton, the Yreka mining man.
is back from the recent business trip he
made to Mexico.
George T. Meyers, a wealthy young
Oregonian, is at the California on his first
visit to San Francisco.
"I was reading
an editorial in
The Call to-day in
which attention
Was facetiously
called to the
statement In the
New York World
J DIED DESPITE
5 HIS GOOD
5 FORTUNE.
)
< that some of the men mortally wounded
j tn the Maine disaster would die," said an
| old newspaper man in the office of the
■ Grand yesterday, "and it recalled to my
I mind an occurrence of many years ago
when I was doing 'late police' for one of
i the Chicago papers.
"We had to cover all the hospitals in
I our district, and when anything hap-
I pened the surgeon in charge would gen
! eraily call one of the boys up and p"ut
; the papers on. I was in the station alone
'< one night when the 'phone rang, and
! answering it, I was somewhat amused to
! receive the following message: 'Is that
; you, Charlie? Well, a fellow has. Just
been brought in here who gives the name
of Rasdow. I think it is a case of mur
der. He is suffering from two knife
wounds, one of which has severed the
jugular and is absolutely fatal, but the
other, fortunately, is only a slight flesh
wound in the arm.'
"I went down to write up the story,
thinking how fortunate the stranger was
to have only one fatal wound, and won
dering what account he would give of the
manner in which he received it. But I
never found out. for when I arrived at the
hospital I found the doctor's lucky pa
tient was dead, and his story was but
an addition to the already long list of
Chicago's criminal mysteries."
T. M. Matterson, owner of a line of
stages running out of Stockton, arrived
: yesterday at the Occidental.
11. B. Davis, a wealthy mining man of
I Deer Lodge, Montana, is at the Occi
j dental with his wife and family.
H. N» Nice, one of the Alaska Commer
; clal Company's agents at Dutch Harbor,
\ Alaska, is registered at the Liok.
Mr. Brockman, the popular manager of
i Wakelee & Co., has been laid up for the
, past month with a poisoned arm.
H. F. Duncan, a millionaire business
man of Newburg. N. V., is at the Pal
! ace on a pleasure trip to the coast.
Major C. P. lauka, secretary to Presi
dent Dole of Hawaii, has returned from
Washington and is at the Occidental.
C. F. Tinkham. superintendent of the
T Sierra Lumber Compnny, is a* the'Orand
; on a vacation from his home in Chico.
W. C. Parker, a fruit grower of Ken
i wood, has come to the city on a trip con
nected with his ranching business, and is
at the Grand.
J. M. Bruml, well known in the busl-
I ness circles of Lockeford, is at the Grand
, for a few days while he transacts some
business affairs that have brought him
, to the city.
"I went out to
the Mining- Fair
yesterday," said
Mr. Gray, a visit
or to the city from
Montana, who is
at the Occidental,
"and as I was
THEIR CLOUD
WAS
SILVER-LINED.
waiting to purchase my ticket of admis
sion I saw two little fellows approach the
fellow at the box office and ask him to
pass them in, aB they wished to enter, not
in order to see the show but that they
mlght invest their solitary quarter in the
purchase of a tent they had seen adver
tised there for some few days before at
that price.
"After some 1 ttle discussion they were
given a couple of tickets, and entered, I
following to see if they were telling the
truth or if their tale was merely a ruse
to gain an entrance. They passed the
man at the gate, and, never hesitating
an Instant, walked directly to where a
fortune-telling booth in the form of a
tent, was erected, and which had the
sign, 25 cents, pinned on its front to sig
nify that for that amount one could en
ter and have futurity unrolled before his
wondering eyes.
"They hesitated an instant and walked
to one side, where they held a long and
earnest confab in whispers, which ended
in the elder of the two— a youngster about
10— walking up to the woman in charge of
the booth and depositing a quarter, telling
her that he and his chum had decided
to buy the tent to go camping in next
summer. It took some time to make
them understand the meaning of the sign
and that the tent was not intended for
sale. When it finally dawned upon them
that it could not he theirs their disap
pointment was pitiful to witness. The
tears rose to their eyes, and, notwith
standing the heroic efforts they made to
restrain them, coursed down their cheeks.
After a minute or two, one turned to the
other and said: 'Der feller at the winder
tole us we cud cum in an' see der tent,
an' so as we can't get it we ain't got no
use t' stay, so let's slide.'
"They slid, but not before they had re
ceived a dollar from myself and another
onlooker as a balm to their wounded am
bition."
HIGH CHIEF RANGER.
Reception Tendered Him by Court
Yerba Bnena, I. 0. F.
George A. McElfresh of Los Angeles,
high' chief ranger of the Independent
Order of Foresters, was the guest of
Court Yerba Buena on Tuesday at a re
ception tendered him in Protection Hall,
Shlels' building. There were present
nearly three hundred persons, Including
a number who were not members of the
order.
Ben I. Solomon, recording secretary of
the court, who was master of ceremonies,
delivered a short, pertinent address of
welcome, which was followed by an in
strumental trio by the Euphemla Mando
lin Club. Then the guest of the evening
was introduced, and he delivered a log
ical address. He dwelt at length upon
fraternal organizations, praised them for
the good they have done and are doing
in affording protection to the widows and
orphans of deceased members and ex
plained at length the many advantages
that are claimed for the Independent For
esters, one being the reserve fund of
more than $2,f>00,000 accumulated in the
past seventeen years, which assures to
the membership no increase in the
amount of yearly assessments. His ad
dress was listened to with a great deal
of attention and was frequently ap
plauded.
Then followed a programme of enter
tainment In which George Mehllg, Henry
Larsen, Sheriff Richard I. Whelan, Fair
Clough, Henry Naimer, Vice-High Chief
Ranger C. S. Peery and others took part
During the evening all present were
served with a collation.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Towhey, Saeto i N Nelsen. Denver
G O May,' N V Mrs Maguire. Chicago
W D Nicholas, P AltoiW C Parker & w, Cal
J P Reynolds, Cal • | C Kaiser, Reno
F E Valentine, Sacto ' J T Condon. Nev
W S Davis. S Rosa I G Ivancovich & w, Cal
F D Ogden. Cal ; A Marks. Ukiah
M J Striening, S Rosa I 3 Hunter & w. Stktn
J G Henry. Memphis ' Miss M Rowe. Cal
D E Kelliher. Eugene ' G R Rider & w. Sacto
A E Kaeser. Oakland S Springsteen. Modesto
E M Mann. L Ang D W Burrell & w. N V
J A Robinson. Cal C F Fleming, S Jose
H M Reykroft, OaklndlJ Morton. S Jose
W A Setohill. Berkeley l E B McCord & w, Cal
Mrs \V C Robinson ■ F II Snow & w, Sacto
Stockton ' R Wylle, Napa
Miss A Robinson. StknC H "Wlnphlp. Napa
A Campbell, L Ang .C H Wallace. Cal
W F Kenna. St Paul Mrs A T Hermann. Cal
W F Stifel. Wheeling Mrs A Becker. S Joee
J M Brame. Lockeford'T J Nolton, Yreka
F Kelly. Selma ! S Mitchell. Ma9s
A L Taylor & w. Cal i E Goldthwaite, Mass
C E Tinkbam, ( h!co !
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr Ewer, Chicago j E Bowman. L Ang
F Hastings, Boston jE H McCaffrey, N V
E H Ludwig, NY M Matson, Bradford
R\V Vincent, L Ang- H Oppenheimer, Ky
Mrs Vincent. L Ang G Neison, S Jose
<" H Parent. Pbila Rowell Eldridge and
Mr» Parent. Phila party, N V
Capt Plunkett, Irldale Mrs C J Fry, 111
G Babcock, Oakland Miss J L Fry, 111
A Morey, Denver I Mrs Burchard, S Jose
H J Duncan, NY J Payne, Chicago
F Klefer, NY EC Evans, S Rafael
H Renede, N V Mrs Evans, S Rafael
C T Blis6, Carson J Kaufman, Portland
F C Lusk, Chico G B Bradshaw, U S N
S Cantrovitz, Chicago C F Preston. U S N
C Thore. Oregon City Mrs McLaughlin, S Crz
A C Hogle, Chicago 1J C Thompson, US N
BALDWIN HOTEL.
E E Dries, Petalumn S Migliavacca, Napa
D Hafkens&w, Oakld J MeCudden, Vallejo
T O Eisfelat, Alameda Miss MeCudden, Vallejo
D L Roscoe. Oakland F L Streitz, Cal
L R Boland, U S N Mrs A. J Gilkinson &
R V Davis. S Jose s, Brooklyn
A Rice, S Jose J R Lowe & w, S Jose
M J Metier, Alameda J A Chase. S Jose
J M Sitton. Nev O C Wright. Chicago
E Yon Nostltz, Mich W J Lockwood. N V
A Fay, Bakersfleld C H Judd, S Jose
D Wright. Minn F Hanna & w, S Jose
L G Meyer&w, Minn J Slmington, Chicago
S P Altman, Colo S Hutchinson. Omaha
Blanch Carling. Colo J Smith. Petaluma
Maud Elliott, Colo I B B Burton, S Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs Brown. Sacto P Devine. Eureka
N Williams. Cal H Ryan & w. Eureka
F. Brown, S Rosa W E Brooks, S Jose
P Wheeler, Reno Mrs E Conn. Sacto
C Matson. New Mcx W C Spangler. Chico
Mrs Crosby, El Paso I) L Boyle, Tacoma
C Harrington, Stkn j C Porter, Visalla
R Hawkins, Oakdaie I Mrs Henry, Modesto
J C Bradley, Arizona I C Fttzmorris. L Ang
P Patterson, Chicago B F Smith, Seattle
J Randall, S Jose
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
33« Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o" clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
BS] Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2,">26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
siiouum; notices.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, X. < «Jt_ ( a
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- ]*3P
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS IMJ
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock;
Order of the Temple. All fraters are cour-
teously Invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA Buena Lodge of l'erfection £23>
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- W/
DAY) EVENING, February 18. at W
8 o'clock. I). 9. •frt*
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the CALE-' v •& $.
DONIAN CLUB THIS EVENING.' 3^ »l*3
at 8 6 clock. Scottish xlall. 11l Lar--^X*p?-
kin st. JOHN REID, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Sec.
NOTICE (f rrteeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tional Hark <>f San Francisco will be held
at its banking >ffhje. Ml Montgomery st.. San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAT, the twenty-
fliFt <2l8t) day of February. I*9B, at 8:13
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve during the en-
suing year, and for the transaction of such
other buslners as may come before the meet-
Ing. B. D. DAVIDSON. Secretary
San Francisco, Janunry 20, 1898.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Western Beet
Sugar Company will be held at the office or*
the company, r? Market st.. San Francisco
Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of March
1898. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
purpose of electing n board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY, February 26, at 12 o'clock m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ORPHANS for adoption— 6 boys. 5 girls- all
ages less than 8 years. J. W. DANIELS
131 Montgomery st
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. SASO.
ROOMS papered from $2 50, and whitened from
$1 up. 239 Third st. and 28OS Twenty-fourth.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
MRS. STBWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120* Geary St., room 11.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 78 (fifty !
cents per share) of the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Tuesday, March 1. IS'JS. Transfer books
will close on Wednesday. February 23, 189 S. ;
at 3 o'clock p. ni.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND) No. 52 (forty cents per share) of i
the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
WUI be payable at the office of the company, j
327 Market St., on and after Monday. Feb- ■
ruary 2i. 1898. Transfer books will dose on
Tuesday, February 15, 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— * EMALB.
2 FIRST-CLASS Irish girls desire situations at
housework; good cooks; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH second pirl desires situation; good
Beams-tress or as nurse; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or housework; $10 to $15; reference.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Gorman cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 2^ years in last olace; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED woman, with girl 4 years, desires
situation; best reference; city or country-
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl desires a situation to do cook-
ing and housework In country. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
•OMPETENT Eastern girl, neat, etc.. desires
a situation to do cooking and housework. J.
F. < KOSETT & CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
SWEDISH girl; first-class cook and house-
worker; 4 years last place; city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation for
general housework, cook and laundress; no
objection to short distance in the country.
Call at 551 Howard St.
WANTED— By refined young woman, advanced
in music, hcrme In musical family; services
given for piano lessons. MRS. L.. 1506 Hyde.
WOMAN wishes a situation to take care of
children and do other work. Address 1105
Clay st.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman;
plain cooking, light housework, also child
nurse and seamstress; city or county. 508
Taylor st.
AN experienced nurse in confinement or other
sickness dealres engagements; best refer-
ences; terms reasonable. Call or address
Nurse. 115 Seventh st.
REFINED (Catholic) lady with little girl 8
years old wishes a housekeeper's place In
a nice family. Address Mrs. H.. Prescott
House.
SITUATION wanted by young Swedish mar-
ried woman as housekeeper; no objection to
children; references If required. Box 1189.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young woman to do
cooking and general housework; wages $20.
Address box 1161, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes position in fam-
ily or as laily' s maid: understands sewing,
care of Invalid and children. Box 1179. Call.
YOUNG German girl desires situation: can do
any kind of work; references. Address box
1180, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
RELIABLE woman would like work by the
day: good laundress. 515 Jones st.
WOMA>" wishes work by the day washing
and cleaning: 460 Linden' St., near Laguna.-
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation; would
do general housework in nice family; no
cards. 125 Jullen aye.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day,
cooking, housecleaning, wait on respectable
families, iil Bartlett st.
NEAT woman; is a good American and French
cook; will do some fine washing; city or
country; moderate wages. 129 Third st.
LADY pianist would like position. Call or ad-
dress 283 Jessie st., near Fourth.
YOUNG girl would like chamberwork or sec-
ond work; will sleep home. Call at 920 Pine.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day.
washing, Ironing or housecleaning; $1 per day
and car fare. Address box 118 S. Call office.
LADY wishes working housekeeper's position
or plain sewing. 139 Fourth st., room 10.
LADY, being suddenly thrown upon her own
resources, would like a position as working
housekeeper; excellent references. 1016 De-
vlsadero St., near Turk.
RESPECTARI,E German woman, with child of
7, wishes place as housekeeper or do house-
work; wages IS month; country; references.
Address box 1161. Call.
DRESSMAKER would like engagements in
private families by the day, $1. Address 610
Diamond st.
YOUNQ. girl, 14 years, wishes to work for her
school and board. Apply 354 Third St., up-
stairs.
YOUNG woman wants situation as cook or
housework in the country or city; wages $25
or $20. 106 Eddy St., 37, till 6 o - clock.
NURSE wishes to care for invalid; best of ref-
erences. A Rebekah. Address for 2 days,
Nurse, 303 Edd- Bt.
LADY would like position to do housework or
washing; can sew. 1332 Florida st.
YOUNG lady wants position a« saleslady. Ad-
dress box 1172, Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation to do plain sewing or
mending. 116 Sixth st., room 6.
YOUNG woman wishes housecleaning or wash-
Ing by the day. Address 4344 23d st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Experienced, respectable woman,
with 4-year-old child, will do housework and
cooking for $12 to $15 a month; good cook;
neat and thorough worker; competent to
tnke entire charge of work In small family;
country preferred. Address MRS. R. ELD-
RIDGE, Dwightway Station. Berkeley.
COMPETENT German woman wants work by
the day; washing, ironing and cleaning: is k
good worker. 17 Bridge place, off Broadway.
YOITNG woman desires a position as working
housekeeper or to do plain mending. Address
126 Fourth st., room 21, second floor.
GERMAN girl wants a place for cooking and
general housework. Call SS6 Third st.
YOUNG woman wishes position In country to
do light housework; good home more an ob-
ject than wages. Box 1144. Call Office.
VISITING governess; English branches and
music taught by a refined and competent
young lady. Call mornings at 272S Pine st.
WANTED— Position as saleslady In dry goods
store: 10 years In last store: no objection to
country. Address box 1152, Call office.
AMERICAN lady wants housework by the day.
Call or address C, 212^ Sixth St.
ELDERLY woman wishes place, city or coun-
try; $S or $10 a month. 270 Minna st.
PIANIST— Quick reader, wishes position In
music store or orchestra. Address C. branch
Call office, 339 Hayes st.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants general house-
work by the day in respectable families; ex-
cellent laundress, cook or housecleaner. Ad-
dress D. A., box 10S0. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
st.. room 1.
SITUATION j WANTED— JIALK.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 y«£rs) help:
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. G. AOKI. 30 Geary.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414H O'Farreli st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. ISOB Polk; tel. Polk 422.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farreli; tel. Davis 6o6.
GOOD, handy man for a ranch; understands
shoeing horses, blacksmith, harness repair-
Ing: willing to do any kind work; 2 years'
references in last place. Address COS., 633
Hroadway.
SITUATION wanted by young Callfornlan who
lately returned from East; understands
grooming horses; good milker, gardener, in
fact handy at odd jobs; references. Box 1190,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted— Man, young, single, as
gardener (flower and vegetable), milker, etc. ;
best of references. Address box 114 S. Call.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese family cook; will do
plain washing; best of references; city or
country. Address box 1177, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as dairy foreman; is first-
class cheesemaker. Box 1181, Call office.
BAKER, first-class on cake and bread wishes
position. Address 1009 Powell st.
YOUNG man wants job; some kind of light
work; small wages. Address S., box 26. Call.
STEADY young man. 21 years old, wants posi-
tion of any kind. Address box 1183, Call.
STEADY, middle-aged German wishes situa-
tion as coachman and gardener; do general
useful work; private residence; city or coun-
try; good references. Box 1167, Call office.
PRINTER. 15 years' experience In various ca-
pacities, wants position: sober, capable;
steady situation more an object than large
wages. Box 1175, Call.
SINGLE German desires position as porter or
any kind of work: Is handy around horses,
also with tools. Box 1165, Call office.
ARPENTER. cabinet-maker, young man,
good mechanic, wants a situation. Call or
address 724 Mission st.
RELIABLE man with good horse and cart
wants work by day or contract; tack signs,
etc. ; experience. Box 1173. Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG, sober, industrious Swede wants work
around family place; care of horses and
drive; reference. Address 1434 Broadway.
SITUATION wanted by first-class Eastern
coachman; best of reference from Vanderbtlt
family furnished. Call or address Coach-
man, 722 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes a situation
in family or boarding-house. Address
YOUNG & CO., 729 Sacramento st.
Al CUSTOM cutter and tailor wishes position.
Address box 1123, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and horseman wants
position on gentleman's place, or cook for
ranch or private family; good references. Ad-
dress box I'M. Call office.
BY a - young married man as accountant, cash-
ier or general office work; experience and
good references. Address box 1061. Call.
ABSENTEES— Confidential employe of leading
corporation will devote his spare time t,o any
business of absentees: binds furnished. "Con-
fidence," box 1024, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
61R LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP AY ANTED.
GIRL, Vallejo, Cal., $20; girl, Merced, $20;
girl, Polk, $20: girl. Laguna, $25; girl. Ma-
sonic a\e., J25; 2 girls, Alameda County. $2b:
girl. Chestnut. $26: girl. Scott. $20; girl. Marin
County, $25; girl. Webster. $25; girl. Frank-
lin, $25; girl, Octavla, $30; 17 German girls,
13 Swedish and 11 Danish girls. MARTIN &
CO.. 749 Market st.
COLORED girl. 3 In family, $20. MARTIN *
CO.. "49 Market St.
LAUNDRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
HOUSEWORK, 2 in family. $10. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or French second girl, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
NURSE. $12. child 3 years. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter St.
FRENCH housework girl. $20, 2 in family.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
■ . ,
i SECOND girl, and seamstress. $25. MISS CUL-
I LEN, 325 gutter st.
REFINED second girl and nurse, grown chil-
dren, $25; 12 housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist. $10 to
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS and chambermaid, private fam-
ily, $25; English, German, Scandinavian or
French second girl, $25; 5 cooks, German
Btyle, $25 and $30; nurse and chambermaid,
$20; cook, small boarding-house, $20; laun-
dress, country hotel, $25; 8 waitresses and
chambermaids, $20 and $6 week, and a great
many girls for cooking and housework. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Two salesladies, three milliners and
factory girls. Ladies' Exchange, 1023 Market.
. . HELP WANTED— Con tin oed/
GIRL for general housework; 2 In family; see
■ ' lady at C. ; R. HANSEN & CO.' 108 Geary.
IRONER, ladles' ■ wear, " country hotel. $25 C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st. . :
2 GIRLS : for a mangle, city laundry, $20. C
R. HANSEX & CO., IPS Geary st.
4 FIRST-CLASS waitresses for different coun-
h^'Gear? r^ ty^ 20 -3 C " :R y HANSEN *
5 WAITRESSES for a winter and summer re-
' sort. $20 and fare advanced. • C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
6 WAITRESSES ■ for a . first-class hotel ■In
Southern California, $20 and special reduced
railroad rate. - C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S
; Geary st. : . v.^- . ■■.-- 4
5 GOOD waitresses, same hotel. HANSEN &
;: C 0. .',108 Geary st. '.
COOK, $30; second girl,' «0; nurse, $20; cham-
bermaid, ,$l5: housegirl, $25. 2 in family
housegirl, country. $20; young girl, assist $10
to $12. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st. 7 ; .
SWEDISH ;or German ; working - housekeeper.
$25. good • place: 2 second girls. $25. Mrs!
. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
LADIES' invalid attendant: going abroad for
6 months; must ' read, converse and corre-
spond well. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Lady, Al carver, for pork store:
one speaking French preferred; state age. ex-
perience and ■ salary expected. Address box
1184. Call office. ,:. • ": ..
YOUNG business lady with $150 cash for money-
making business. 402^ Geary at.
■WANTED— Young lady or man, good appear-
ance as hypnptic subject. 402% Geary st.
GIRL for general housework; German pre-
ferred. 2524 Pine st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework and
plain cooking. 3724 Arrayst.
WANTED— A good German or Swedish girl for
cooking and general housework. 1321 Pine.
YOUNG girl to learn vest making. Apply at
6 Eddy st., room 120. *
GIRL for housework and assist in cooking.
Call forenoon at ISI2 Fell st.
YOUNG girl to assist from 6:30 to 4 o'clock
daily, except Sunday; wages $8. Call at 2026
Bush st.
YOUNG woman to do general housework. 2409
Washington st.
YOUNG girl assist in light housework; 2 in
family. Call 812 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser wanted at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
GIRL for housework and cooking; small fam-
ily; good wages; German preferred. IS3O
Eddy st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking in
family of 4; no children; wages $20. 1124
Eighth St., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' waists and
skirts: v/ork in factory. 409 A Turk st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 14 McAllister
st. ; monthly troubles, etc. : 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
OPERATORS on Singer buttonhole machine.
LEV!. STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont st.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing-ma-
chines to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted
clothing. Apply to MR. DAVIS, 32H Fremont.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
615 LA RKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WAI.TED.
4 WAITERS. $30 and room, call early; waiter.
$25 and room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
SECOND cook, small hotel; pastry cook, small
hotel. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
4 COOKS' helpers, $5, $6 and $7 a week; dlsh-
washer, country, $15 and room. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market St.
GERMAN as clerk and hotel runner, $25 per
month. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
HEAD cook, $70; second cook, $40, country
hotel; short order cook, $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 10S Geary Ft.
PORTER and runner, country hotel. C. R
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
WAITERS, first-class country hotel: free fare
C. R. lIANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary St.
THREE waiters with dress suits, $30; waiters
for European plan, $35. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 108 Geary st.
FIVE German or Scandinavian farmers. $20;
American farmer who can sharpen tools.
$23, boss here; 10 woodchoppers. $1 25 a cord;
2 wocdchoppers. $1 50 a tier. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary Bt.
MITCHELL BASICH. please report. C ft
HANSEN & CO.. 1.18 Geary st.
BROILER, $75; fry cook, $65; both for a first-
class country' hotel. C. R. HANSEN & CO.
108 Geary st.
OYSTER opener, etc.. $30 and found, free fare,
country hotel ; assistant storeroom man, helj>
In pantry, $23 and found and free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 broilers for same hotel; also 2
fry cooks: wages no object. HANSEN & CO ,
"108 Geary st.
COME AND READ
Our bulletin boards. They contain S6 men
wanted to chop wood. $1 25 and $1 cord; 52
tiemakers. Be, 9c and 10c each; 8 pruners for
orchards, etc. ; 2 choreboys for ranches, $l.">
and $10; 6 farm, orchard and vineyard hands:
3 milkers, $25; farmer and wife; 2 teamsters
$1 75 day. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 654-636 Clay st.
ITALIANS
Two wanted as vegetable gardeners. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SHOEMAKER. $7 week and found. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st.
THREE waiters, country hotels. $25: German
waiter, $25 and 'found; 2 dishwashers, $15
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED — Circular sawyer and filer who un-
derstands millwrtghting. $150, for Alaska;
must deposit $250 guaranteeing 9 months' ser-
vice. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook and waiter, $25; bedmaker,
$15: German boy for bakery. $15 and found.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Ten timbermen for mine, $2 50
day; 4 miners. $3 day; coal miners by con-
tnict: 20 tiemakers, So, !>c and 10c; 20 wood-
ohoppers, $1 25 cord: blacksmith for camp,
and others. Apply to J. P. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife for gentleman's
country place, $35, see boss In city. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BOOKKEEPERS, managers, salesmen, cash-
iers, clerks, janitors, watchmen, mechanics
obtain lucrative positions through the Clerks'
Exchange, 1023 Market. No extra cost for
trial; investigate.
INVESTIGATE the references from business
houses and from reliable men and women
who have obtained good positions at the
Clerks' Exchange. 1023 Market st.
FREE of Expense— Business houses, hotels and
restaurants obtain reliable male and female
help free of any expense at the Exchange,
1023 Market St.
COOK, $60; second cook, $35: dishwasher, $20,
same country hotel; head waiter, city, $35
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
BUTLER. $40. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st
MEN for Kotzebue Sound, must be strong for
mining work; transportation free- good
wages. CAPTAIN WATERSTON. 36 East st
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Association free em-
ployment bureau. H. BERNARD, secretary
102 Seventh St.; tel. Jessie 1164.
GROCERY clerk, wholesale house; young mar-
ried man preferred; good salary. 313 Bush »t
LIQUOR salesman to the trade: big Induce^
ment to right party. 313 Bush st.
CARD writer {or large department store- per-
manent and good salary. 313 Bush st.
RANCH foreman {single man); one with large
oxperlence In handling men. 313 Bush st.
BOY^to feedjpress. 22 Clay st., top floor.
BOY wanted. Apply BottttngT Sixth
and King sts.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday^
1159V4 Folsom st.
A. MAX— Bushelman wanted. Room 1001 Pal-
ace Hotel.
WAITER wanted; call early. 1191 Oak st.
WANTED— Young butcher. Apply~llo Seventh
street.
MIDDLE-AGED man; wages $7 a week. Ap-
ply between 10 and 11- at 9 Mason st.
SHIP"S locksmith at 405 Drummit.. near Jack-
son ; none but good mechanic.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply bet 10 and 11 to
CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st
GERMAN or Swedish girl for cooking and
housework. 1321 Pine st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry-
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
BUTCHER wanted- Young, single man "who
understands cutting meat. Apply Alameda
Market. Park St.. Alameda.
WANTED— A first-class carriage blacksmith
for new work; none other need apply A
MEIBTER & SONS, Sacramento, CalU
HELP AVAN r -^D— Contlnned.
SALESMAN; Nevada and other counties;
staple article; factory to consumer. 1100
Mission st.
GOOD canvassers for milk route on commis-
sion; SI 50 a can. Address D.. Call branch,
2526 Mlrsion st.
HONEST younsr man without home to help on
milk wagon, "etc. Address C Call branch,
2526 Mission st. .
WANTED— FIrst-class brewer for Oregon. Ad-
dress box 1143. Call office.
STEADY boy. age 17. living with parents, de-
sires situation. Box 1146, Call office.
GERMAN boy to drive wagon and help In
butcher shop. IP<5 Noe st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizen* of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become s>:ch: must
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 6 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis Ft.. San FranclECO, Cal.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
in city. Apply at 767 Market st.
CIVIL service Government positions— so ques-
tions and answers free. Address HUGHES
Preparation. Washington. D. C.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
flce. S. FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room-
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
LARKIN. 815— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn bnrber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SH Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard st».
MARKET. R63H (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 250
to 60c night; $1 to $2 week.
DRUMM, 22" (Oriental)— Rooms. 15c to 76c .per
night; EOc tn $1 50 per week. _
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission
tt.. men to take rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: «oc, 900 and $1 per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme Rouse. 9. r .7 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a nljrht: $1 a week.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call:
want ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted; good inducements. 836 How-
anl st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— A partner in excellent business; net
very small capital. 4418 Nineteenth st.
PARTNER for first-class bakery and confec-
tionery: chance for right party. Box 1178,
Call of fife.
FURNITUKE WArfTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion it.: tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
615 LA RKlN— Branch office of The Call: sub-
6cilptions and want nds taken.
BOUSES WANTED.
TO rent— A furnished boarding-house or hotel:
country preferred. Address MRS. P. MO-
KACO, 748 Howard st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Large sunny front room, unfur-
nished, v.ith board for man and wife; West-
ern Addition; state terms. Box 1162. Call.
UNFURNISHED room in exchange for use of
parlor and bedroom set. Box 108t, Call offVe.
lemons wanted.
LADY with 2 children would like 2 or 3 partly
furnished rooms; state terms. Address box
11S2. Call office.
WANTED— M I SCELLAIVEO US.
WANTED — A set of heavy second-hand black-
smith's tools for truck shop; must be in good
order. Box 1191. Call office.
WANTED — Phaeton; second hand; state cash
price. T., 532 Sutter st.
WANTED — I'tie of piano in exchange for Its
storage. Address box 1164. Call office.
WANTED — A second-hand large size roller-
top office desk: must he cheap and in good
condition. Address Enclnal Realty Office,
1457 Webster st.. Alameda.
6000 TONS of castiron at once. 204 Mission
street.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus ; second-
hand. 100 Montgomery st.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
Jng. telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil A mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. : 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' BuslnosH College, 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school: civil, electrical, min-
ing. m»ch.. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 57J. R55 Market st.
FOR 60 days only we will teach our Improved
method of portrait enlaiging free. Halloran
Art School. Emma Spreckels building, r. 60S.
LATEST method of teaching Spanish: 1 trial
lesson free; can call at residence; references.
Address H. L. OUEYDAN. 526 Shrader St.
FISK Agency. 825 Market st.— Teachers fur-
nished: public: private: governesses: tutors.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school, 317 Devlsa-
dero: adults, Fri . 8 p.m.: children. Thu.. S:SO.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in '96: 103 in '97.
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, etc.: les-
sons. 25c. Studio. 419 Geary st.. room 12.
GUITAR, mandolin, nlano and vocal lessons,
$X per month. MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifths
VOICE culture, plnno Paris graduate: French,
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. W> Taylor st.
LUDLTJM School of Elocution and Dramatlo
Art. 92< Sutter st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, Id hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
GOOD dog for the Klondike. $20. Address box
118fi. Call office.
20,000 FEET of boards; price $7 per 1000. Call
at 363 Dolores St.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring and solitaire dia-
mond stu<l weighing 4 karats in all: both per-
fect matches; cost $700: will be sold for $325.
At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky. N proof. $16 30; Mc-
Brayer whisky, 100 proof. 5 years old. $22:
AI Jamaica rum. $16 S5; extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine. 3
year 3 old. $ff 50. 4 year. $7 50; real 6 year,
$S 50; genuine grape brnmly. 100 proof. 3 year,
$22: 5 year. $24 50: Zlnfandel claret. $4 35;
Burgundy claret. $5 25; no charge for cooper-
age or drayage; It pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 628 Market St., S. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. • 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
5000 PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer In Second-
hand tools, machinery, etc.; mail orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission St.
COUNTERS and shelving* cheap. 34 Austin
aye.. flat 5. off Polk.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands. chaap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe :'ac, 533 Sacramento.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump- H. S. WHITE. 516_Mtssion at.
J Ft. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 MJjßSlon^st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hnnd: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
ORAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, JJ r > per doz.;
Pro.iectoscope. $100. Bacißalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sal? cheap— Second-hand fireproof ■ate,
at 42 Main st.BUSINESS CHANCES. V^£
W^BUTCHERlnopTrorner. north of Market
receipts $30 to M. LESS, .- MaikU St. -
' cash store trade^l^LESS^j^ Market st. ,
J450-CANDY store and factory; ™J?^fS*
place, on Market St.; doing, a 5" e vParket
trade; well fitted up. M LESS, 160 MarKet.
$250-PARTNER wanted In well-paying restau-
rant; principal streets; central; owner n tired
of unreliable help; sober man; no - other. , .
LESS, 765 Market st. __
?800-INTEREST In a carriace. 11 . 1 "*^
and wheelwright business; down town, CM j
...established"; large trade. Apply -M. LESb.
765 Market St. _ . , j
to beat it; trlal^-e^Ji^Lg^..' 63 Market.
$450-BAK^RY. principal street; baking J -tai>
rels dally; mostly store trade, horse ana
wagon; 3 living rooms; genuine offer. M.
LESS. .765 Market st. _____——— j
Wfift-PIRST^XASS delicacy store; _^ c fij{ |
street; ■ Al business; I ■ v . r Inlsn1 nlsn f d ./ 0 ?, me i:^
piano; rent only $15; this place is M%en
away; call, sec and be convinced. M. LbsS.
arket ____
'S^S
=^h a "plendl.l business; must be
Sold: o°wn?r a ha5 Ie « n hl Klondike fever. Call
WILKE, : 783 Market st.
S2«Vvllr a rTf R grocery and bar; established I
and doing nr*t-class. .tore and
tor business; 4 living-rooms; horse and wag- i
on low T-'-f full value' In sight; sickness
gause^gcrjflceJ WILKE, 753 Market fit.
SSOO— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and I
bar in Mission: living-rooms; rent $25 ;a gen-
uine eood business; bargain; come and make
offer. <"*** WILKE. -■:; Market st.
$350-IkeSTAURANT and chop house; best lo- i
cation, opposite the ferries r a first-class pay-
lnir business; meals 2".- and above; low rent;
a rare chance and great sacrifice; owner' has
to leave for Europe at once. WILKE, 783 i
Market ft. , - . . . ...
\ CORNER saloon established many years In
the very choicest location ;■ average daily re-
ceipts about $45; other business engagements
compel owner to sacrifice.- • 'lnvestigate 'at
once and make , an offer. WILKE, : 753 • Mar-
ket .-t. .
DELICACY store; large trade $1,100
Restaurant, worth $600; only 175
Dining room, worth $500; price 150
Millinery store in good country town - 70u
SO-room country hotel and bakery 4,500
.Restaurant, cost $4000; only ; .' 1.600
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$400-^-BCTCHER shop; good-paying' business;
all store trade; on principal street; rare
chance, as the owner is compelled to .cave
the city. CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$350— SALOON; this is a fine corner, with side
entrance, on leading street; good-paying bvsl-
ress satisfactory reason for selling, cheap
rent CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny SI.
$450— FOR sale, an . old-established locksmith
business; good' chance for man with small
capital: good location. CURRAN & CO., 30
Kearny st. ■-■„'• ...■■
SALOON; prominent corner at the Mis-
sion; must sell this week: no such bargain
in city. HEALY. 917 Market st.
CORNER cigar store; Market st. ; whole-
sale district; clearing $100 monthly: no night
work; full value. HF.ALY. 917 Market st. .
$200— COZY store, consisting of cigars, station-
ery, school books, etc.. clearir.K *4."> monthly r
rooms. Apply W. F. HEALY, 917 Market st
$150— PARTNER wanted in office and. commis-
sion business: will clear $75 per month to
each. See STRAND. 23 -Kearny st.
$700— Saloon, best location in city.
$300— Cor. grocery and bar; Western Addition.
$310— Coal oil route; well established.
$125— Bakery and delicacy store, a bargain,
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON ft WTNN'S. 777 Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted in a nice genteel cash '
business: suitable for lady or gentleman. For
: particulars. ARMSTRONG. 906 Market st.
JOHN A. WAN PELT has opened an office at
the.'Russ House, rooms 64 and 65; he has
pisiness for sale; free gold property, rooming
houses, groceries and saloons. Come see Wan.
Pring your pisiness with you, sell. or. buy.
WAN pelt.__ "•.;.' •-.' " ;.
PARTY having a very rich quartz ledge, short
- . distance by rail, wishes to Bell interest or
borrow $1000; employment given and money
secured: lady or gentleman. Address box
fcj.1192. Call office.- .
FIRST-CLASS saloon: best location; receipts
from $15 to $45 per day; nearly all day work;
too much other business; will sell for less
than half value. Grocery, corner of Sixth
and Howard sts.
A FIRST-CLASS business opportunity in the
New Foxhall Market, opened February 1; a
few stalls yet to rent. Apply at the market.
Ffllmore.st, between Washington and Clay.
vi a.vtk! •— with $300 in good business:
mast be -willing to go to Denver. Coin.;
and investigate. BENJAMIN, 11l Ellis st.
MEAT market, selling 3- cattle. 12 - sheep. '1%
bogs, etc.; at a sacrifice if sold before March
15: splendid location. Box 1156. Call office. •
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN, -Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 319 Pine St.. city.
: VARIETY store and stock and fixtures cheap.
Corner Eighteenth and Diamond sts.
BARBER-SHOP. 4 chairs, to trade for out-
side installment lots. 1193 Market st.
DRUGSTORE doing a good business; sick-
ness cause of sale. E. E. BUNCE," 90S
Broadway. Oakland. . . .;
FOR SALE— One of the finest wood, coal, hay
• and grain businesses In the city; rent from
stall covers expenses; doing first-class cash
. business ; no reasonable offer refused-. - Ad-
dress box 11G6. Call Office. : ' :■'
RESTAURANT and oyster-house; fine loca-
tion; will be sold cheap. 514 O'Farrell. St.
1225— CORNER cigar stand. • near Market St.;
value in stock. KREDO. 22% Geary st.
CORNER saloon; 4 rooms; rent cheap. ." Inquire
10 Sixth st. . ' .. ,
$ICO— Good butcher business, averaging from
$30 to $.15 clear per week. Call at s£B 'Third [
st. Oakland. •
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
15000 — WELL - ESTABLISHED. . good-paying
down-town stationery and notion store; long
lease .at low rent; must be sold. • Ap-
ply or address CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS &
WELCH, 323 Sansome st, S. F. •.. ..-•;. .^ .
$200 will buy a f.ne notion and halrdresshig ;
store: 7 show cases; 4 roorjis. 2115 Flllmore.
FULL line of shoe machinery for sale. .Box
1147. Call Office. , v ,
RESTAURANT for sale at a sacrifice: well
established restaurant; operated 8 years by
present. owner; has never paid less than $200
per month; owners going to the mines and
• mean business. . X., box 7, Call, Oakland. ■
HOTEL and liquor business in a suburb at a
local road terminus; good bar trade, which
may be easily doubled by a man who un-
derstands the liquor business; price $9000;
one-half may -remain at 8 per cent For par-
ticulars inquire BAKER & MAHKHOFFER,
14 Third st. ". . . . . :.
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge ]
for 'services. . The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6, 850 Market st., San Francisco.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; parties can inves-
tigate; going to Klondike. 2424 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar: 2 living rooms ad-
Joining; for sale. 117 Flllmore st.
GROCERY and bar for sale; good .location.
821 Howard st.
PARTNER wanted as cashier, good paying
restaurant: daily receipts $40. Box 1010. Call.
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise J
now yielding 750 per cent monthly; no stock !
or Klondike scheme; safe," practical success. '
David Sloane, 110 St. Paul St., Baltimore, Hd.
FOR sale— First-class saloon; southeast corner
Kearny and Bush; reason for selling, going
north. .....
SALOON for sale. 606 '. Howard st. .. j
BLACKSMITH shop for sale or rents estab-
lished 15 years. Address H. MATTHIESEN,
• Llvermore, Cal. - '
PORTLAND agency .this paper. Inquire this '
office or at 133 Third St., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from-GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
BRANCH bakery. 4 living rooms; cheap; rent
$15; account of sickness., 1751 Hyde st. »
PARTY, to take charge of business in owner's
absence. ■ 606 Montgomery, room 18. . '.. i
CIGAR-store; NW. corner California and ;
Kearny sts. ... . ; . j
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub- I
scriptions and want ads taken. ■ -• ■ '
CARPET CLEANING..
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
- 36 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. •
WHEN' you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer- Carpet- !
beating Works,- 353-57 Tehama st. ;tel-80. 40.
CARPBTB cleaned at Sc per yard; relaid at 2c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth sf.-tel. Jessie 944. :
J. WATTS, reliable rarpei-cl«-anlnR. renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister. Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 420 Sutter; ,
tei. Main 394. . GEO. WALCOM. prop.- "•" ;
GREAT Eastern - Steam- Carpet-cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; te). Jesale.2ol.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th j
St.; cleaning. 3c a yard; tei.; Mission ; 74. ■ :
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 532 Golden j
Gate aye.; telephone East 126. -.; . - : : - J
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.': V
KLONDIKE - ' """_ ~~~- " !
!
< ■H\ i tea T 15 more men to go to.Dawsori
pnli ir. 2J' ln s here about March 1 in the I
In^nis U h Alaska V Transportation. Trad- !
™nt £ Mining Company; steady employ- \
es a f . teed on reaching- Alaska; $500 i
nanv? qq ™ red ' For particulars call at com-
Eu!i y rt " f S 0 " 38 ' ' rooms 20 and 21. Chronicle !
building, an Francisco. •• ••-■-
SINGLE man, experienced in traveling, hard- !
s . i? 1 mltll ng and business, wishes partner. '
Address box 1174, Call. > j
DOGS for Klondike— 2s strong dogs for Imme- j
- dlate use. ,510 Van Ness aye.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this coast.
_ Pacific Shoe Co., 139 First st.
"KLONDIKE"— 2 placer miners, wish fare '
and provisions; give good farming land as j
security or sell same. . Box 1074, Call.
YOUNG woman desires to join an Alaskan" ex-
pedltloft. Address box 1102, Call, office.
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point I
In Alaska. E. E. BUNCE, SOS Broadway. j
Oakland, Cal. - , ;
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBOUO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers. 531 Washington.
LODGING HOU_i£S KOIt SALE. '
i 15 ROOMS, on O'Farrell: $250 cash; price. ..$6OO |
4 rooms and bath (flat) •> '- -"•''
; 24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 :. 2500
i 22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300 :
■9-room' house, on Ellis; $300 cash 500
24 rooms, on Stockton; clears $125 1500.
30 rooms; clears $250: new furniture '-'. '"i
27-room corner house; clears $150 I*oo
14 rooms, on Ellis; make offer 600 ,
10-room flat: fine corner: clears $50; near j
Baldwin Hotel » 350:
i 7-room flat, on Geary ■ 300 I
! H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
j $500— LODGING-HOUSE, few doors from Mar-
ket st: central; 24 furnished rooms; rent
only $65; rooms always full. M. LEsS, .Co
Market st. ■ . , ■
S3tio— TRANSIENT house, vicinity Call office;
65 beds: clearing $90 monthly; trial given;
; call to-day. HEALY. 917 Market st ■
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!)
THK NKW WALDO HOUSE, |
765 Mission St., between Third and ' Fourth,
San Francisco, with 94 rooms; all new beds; j
on one floor; running full; has cheap rent
and long lease, with privilege of renewing i
the Fame;' on an investment of $2000 for the j
year 1897 seventy (70) per cent per annum has j
been realized over all expenses, which can be j
! proved, with even better prospects this year:
is for sale on account of falling health and
S old age of proprietor. Address as above or
Inquire on premises.
$17.".- BUYS a fine-paying 7-room house; no j
triflers. 402*4 Geary, st. '
GOOD-PAYING, house. SO rooms: Income $230 }
per month; rent. $76: half cash, balance
monthly payments. 105 New Montgomery st. |
BEST- PAYING 50-room lodging-house In 'the i
! city; make offer; no triflers. 402*^ Geary st
' FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale. • Inquire at i
Call office. " : '■
' ELEGANT walnut bedroom set for sale, cheap, i
762 Howard st. .
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
| r |-|jnj . - - - -^-
ANY person having, use for a piano need not
do without when good ■ Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5. $6. $7, $S. $9,
! $10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
, eluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be -exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest 1 house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est Everything possible done to please and :
satisfy the customer.
PIANOS and organs' at factory prices; low 1
rent; small profits; agency Hardman", Chase |
Bros.. Hackley. Sommer. Dewing Bros., etc. I
J. DEWING CO.. second floor Flood building,
Fourth and Market sts. i
A FINE line of second-hand pianos 'offered
this week at .very low prices, including :
Steinways. Chickerlng. Hallett & Davis.
Emerson and others. THE F. W. '.SPENCER
CCC, 933 Market st- -' - • • • [ ■ .. ' " .
PIANOS at cut prices; Improve the opportu-
nity; agency famous Halnes 8r05.,. Bush &
Gerts and Bollerman: WM. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 Post.
A GOOD piano. $S5: one for. $125; Chickerln,.-.
Weber. Mathushek and others; pianos for i
rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell. |
COLBY pianos are the best for the money In I
the market; highest award at World's Fair; i
call and see for yourselves. .933 Market st. j
SOHMER A CO.. Byron Mauzy. Nrwby. Evans,
Brlgsrs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
.no interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S Sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
AT MAUVAIS-. Market. St., you will find
pianos from' sso to $250 In second-hand; new
ninnos for cash or.- on payments.
BARGAlN— Upright piano, $65. 20S Post st.
1 KNABE pianos: new scale: new . styles.'
KOHLER & CHARE. 30 O'FarreU-Bt
i BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ.,IB
McAllister St.. near Hlbernia Bank. .»■.. »■ . ■ ■ :
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place, j
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 13S Ellis.
_j_ ; __~~~~J-"jr*^
« """"""""2*2
TEAS,
20, 25. 80, 35, 40. 50 per pound.
- 7 COFFEES. ....'•■■ .
. . 10. 15, 20, '25. 35. 40 per pound. ■
;. . ■ SPICES.
10. 15, 20. 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE . ,
' '. . PRETTY DISHES*. ' .
GOLD WATCHES.
:'•/-, ' - BICYCLES, ; *
MUSIC BOXES. . .
. "- AIR RIFLES
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
HORSES. ' '
FOR sale— l lead pack mule. -Apply to WIL- \
LIAM" CONLAN, 628 Twenty-seventh five. -
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan's Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 145 Valencia st. . '- i
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold :
or exchanged: cheap storage; 40 horses; must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. 1802 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also ; wagons. . buggies.,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st, auction sales every Wed-.
nenda'y. SULLIVAN ■* DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CAR AGES. ■■'
LADY'S -village cart * and brougham nearly !
new; cheap. 500 Golden Gate aye. ■.-. . ' : j
FIRST-CLASS new phaeton, cheap: owner has
no use for it. 22 OoMen Gate aye. j
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages. [
coupes - and wagonettes taken In exchange. :
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye. ,
and Polk st. ■ : " - :
SECOND-HAND grocery, bakery delivery
wagons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia ets. -.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap j
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open j
buggy: also 1 hack... 828 Harrison st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAIV. ;
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty: private; \
no fee without success: collections, will*,
probate. Insolvency, deeds, damages. . mort-
' gages, • copartnership, ■' bllls-of-sale,- patents, !
trademarks, etc.: established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, . 850 Market, cor. Stockton. ;
PRIVATE matters, insolvency, collections; free
• advice; open evenings. McCABE, 103" Larkin.
ADVICE " free : ■ no -charge unless successful. '
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ■■■.■-'■
• ;■;': SEWING . MACHINES. .:. \> :
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, - sold ; '■•■■
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st; phone Mint 46. i
ALL 1 kinds' bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing ; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. - • ;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE, stable and grounds suitable for flor-
ist. 2725 Howard St.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
CHURCH, 1317-5 sunny rooms and bath;
rent ?12.
House 6 rooms and bath. 12 Bernard St.,
between Taylor and Jones; $17.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. 4075 Army St.,
hot*.. e.?:i Spr.chez and Noe.
MODBRM hotuM 7 rooma; fine neighborhood:
Broderlck and McAllister: rent cheap.
$25—6 ROOMS and bnth. Kilo Grove aC ~ also
l.)wt-r flat. 4 room.". 109 Germanla St.
FIRMSIIED HOUSES.
PART of a furnished house to rent. Inquire at
1715 Clay st.. near l'olk.
FURNITURE, etc, of 10 rooms for sale; privll
lege renting premises. Box 1145. Call oftlce.
FLATS FURNISHED.
MODERN furnished flat or part of it 109
South Park.
FLATS TO LET.
ALL OVER TftgKL ~ "" ~
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 1C Montgomery st.
BOWIE aye., 12. off Eleventh, bet. Howard and
Folsom -Nice sunny flat, 3 rooms, $12.
BYIKGTON, 18—5 rooms, bath, stable. Apply
1621 O'Farrell st.
CLINTON PARK, ISO, between "and
Fourteenth, near Guerrero — Four sunny upper
rooms; private house; water; $12 50.
EDDY, 1244. near Laguna— Elegant sunny flat,
5 rooms and bath; latest improvements.
FULTON, us— Fine middle flat, 7 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $2S.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable for room-
ing and private house. 951 Folsom, near Sixth.
FOURTEENTH. 72V— Hay-window flat of 3
large sunny furnished rooms and bath.
GUF.KKKUo. nil, near Twenty-slxth^-5 rooms
and bath; $15.
HAIGHT. 792— Beautiful upper sunny new cor-
ner modern flat; 7 rooms and bath.
LLOYD. 22, off Scott, near Waller— sl4; new
flat of 4 sunny rooms; bath.
UPPER fiat, 6 sunny rooms and bath: modern
improvements: rent reasonable. 812 Treat
ava., above Twenty-first st
♦ft LoWER flat. 4 rooms. JVnrl Ft., off
Market, near Valencia.
NICE Hat t., lie rented cheap; 40' i Belcher st.,
near Market. Call at 100!) Howard st.
O'FARRKUU 923— Furnished basement, cheap.
With large yard and kitchen.
$20-5-ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell St., near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Ml >KEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING UOOMS.
BRYANT, oil, near Third— Nicely furnished
suites, $7 per month up.
DIAMOND. 510, near Twenty- third— 2 rooms"
suitable for housekeeping.
ELLIS. 1029 — 4 nicely furnished rooms; parlor;
piano; 2 sleeping; bath; kitchen.
j FIFTH. 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; stove; closet; bath; pri-
vate. $10.
FIFTH, 4254—2 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; water in kitchen.
I FOURTH, 225 — Large sunny front room, sult-
I able for light housekeeping.
GEARY. 111-Front room with kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping: other rooms: offices.
| GEARY, 325— Front alcove; well furnished;
i running water: light housekeeping; others.
OKARY, V.'V j«i for a.'.ults; 4 comfortable
rooms; bath: 2 beds; gas and coal stoves,
all necessaries.
; GOLDEN GATE aye.. 156—4 sunny rooms part-
ly furnished. $1S; other rooms.
GOLDEN Gate, 1050—2 or' 3 large, nicely fur-
; nlshed rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook etove; free use of telephone.
HARRIET, 15, off Howard, near Sixth— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms. $9.
HOWARD, 511- I or 3 nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
, HOWARD. 704. corner Third— Finely furnished
front suite complete for housekeeping!
HOWARD. 819— The Hanover; 2 furnished sun-
ny housekeeping rooms; $10 per month.
HOWARD, S2l— Two nl-s-ly furnished rooms
for housekeeping. $7 and $8.
HOWARD, SOoVi— Large sunny housekeeping
rooms; back and front suites; reasonable.
MISSION, 1514, n»-ar Kiev. -nth - Two large
sunny roomn; central; rent reduced.
MISSION. lOCS— Front rooms; also oThers for
housekeeping; no objection- to children.
' MISSION. 1129— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping room, ?7 month; running water; Ger-
man, family.
i MOSS, 13, off Howard, near Seventh— Two fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
; NATOMA, 81, oomer S- cond— Housekeeping
rooms; also single and double; $1 a week up.
i NEW MONTGOMERY. IK Complete furnlshf.l
housekeeping rooms, $6 per month; sing!--. J4
| PERRY, m— 4 unfurnished, ail targe, light.
fine sunny rooms; cheap.
! POLK. 607— Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, with kitchen, $1.'.; other rooms.
! POLK. 609—2 sunny rooms, complete for house-
keeping, $12 a month; gas; private family.
POWELL. 15H— Newly furnished Sunny rooms,
suites or single; rents reasonable.
POWELL, 509— Two nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath, gas and running water;
reasonable.
I SOUTH PARK. 125— Front and back parlor;
I yard; sunny; complete for housekeeping.
STANLEY Place. 19— $10, 6 nlco sunny rooms.
Including bath.
TENTH. 111. near Market— Large front sunny
furnished rooms; stove; closet; housekeeping.
TENTH. 124— Furnished large front room, with
kitchen; also single room; cheap.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeeping rooms; com-
plete: first floor; bath; gas.
VALENCIA. 1171—2 or 3. sunny furnished
rooms; housekeeping or otherwise.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.'
ROOMS TO LEST.
ARLINGTON . House. 127 Keamy »t.— Pleasant
eunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT the Florence Hotel, 102 Ellis, cor. Powell-
Elegant gunny rooms, en suite or single; a
ijuiet home for families and those who appre-
ciate comfort; elevator, baths; moderate
charges^
BUSH, 706— Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, $10; private family.
CENTRAL (52 Second)— Family rooms and sin-
gle; week, $1 25 to $2 50; day, 25c to 50c; respt.
CLAY, 1532— Furnished room to let, Bultable
for 1 gentleman; private family.
DELAWARE, 110 l Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY. 118— Clean sunny rooms; $5 up; rooms
for housekeeping; no transient.
EIGHTH. 118— Sunny unfurnished rooms, $3
and upward.
FOURTH. 27' i— Nice clean sunny front rooms
1 50 a week up; new management.
FULTON, 144— Nicely furnished sunny parlors,
single or en suite; bath, gas, grate; |8 up.
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents-
s6 and $7. •
GEARY, 675— Nicely furnished front room; also
single; gas, bath; In private family.
GEARY, 518— Elegant sunny furnished rooms,
$S up; also suites; gas, bath; housekeeping.
GOLDEN OATS, 808 -Kleßantly furnished par-
lor; other rooms, $6 month up; modern;
board optional.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mlss'on; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID'S— 2OO- rooi|»sl
suites; single; sunny reading-room: 25c up.
HOWARD, 988— Doctor's office, furnished com-
plete; also suites; other rooms, $5 per mo. up.
LARKIN. 327— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion.
LEAVENWORTH, 517— Nicely furnished sunny
single room for gentleman. $5 per nionth,
LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy— Large sunny~7ront
suites; also single; for gentlemen.
MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished^
unfurnished; single rms., suites; jubilee vis.
MCALLISTER, 511- Nicely turoikhed sunny
single room. $6 r>«r month: running water,
bath atid gas.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry-
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIb.-lf. Grant ay.'
NEW FRANKLIN, 321 Pacific-Rooms, "fur-
nished or unfurnished; day, week or month.
POST, 239—3 blocks Palace Hotel (Bohemia).
sunny rooms; line view., elevatur; tourists.
. ROOMS TO LET—Contlnued.
PROSPECT PLACE. ' 123, .s,. s , off California, be-
tween Stockton and Powell— Two large front "
sunny furnished rooms; German , family.
SECOND. 110— Sunny, clean, , furnished single
rooms, $1 per week up; men only.
R. R. HOUSE. : 633 Commercial, ; near Mont-
.■■■■ gmy— Beds. 10c, 15c, etc; coffee and rolls free.
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished - suites and . single j
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
SHERMAN Apartment {House. 28 : Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 17 — European; ■- elegant „. rooms;
, suite or single; day. week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator. :
SUTTER, 309— Changed, hands; new furniture;
suites or single;' transient; terms reasonable..
SUTTER. • 715-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.: choice for offices: reasonable.
TAYLOR. 108— Front sunny single rooms; $6 up;
also nice suites; bath, and gas. ' ;■■- • .
TENTH. 109— Large nicely ? furnished sunny
room, . $10; bath, gas; prlv. family; gents'only.
TURK, i 303— Large bay-window •• front •■-, room;
newly furnished. ■ .-_•■■
TURK. 543— Nice sunny room; running water,
grate, gas and bath: $2 50 per week.
. HOARDING : AND ROOMS ;
EDDY, ■ 220— Sunny front ' single and - ■ double
rooms; first-class board, $3 50. --, .. .*. '.' \ :. f .■'
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room,; $4 to $5 per. week; nice location. ■'»*.
HYDE.' 1105— Large front sunny ,'V room, with
breakfast,' slo; bath, gas, running water.
MISSION. 1729*4— Nicely furnished room fqr 2,
with board, in plain, respectable family; use
of ; piano and bath; $4 per week. 
POWELL. 502— Large sunny . corner . room,
piano: single rooms, -. $20 up with . board. '.
1 THIRD, 530— Rooms and board; choice suite
two front rooms : _ suitable ■ for two gentle-
men or man and wife, - In ■ hotel . opposite
South Park: excellent board, terms $45 per
month with board. Apply Central ' Hotel. -
THE MONTROSE, SE. corner Van Ness aye.
and Geary St., will reopen March 15; thor-
oughly renovated and newly furnished. '. For
terms apply at SOS Van Ness aye. - '
TURK. 812— rooms and board .in • private
family; bath, grate, excellent table; cars pass
the door: terms $20 up. • .-
STORES TO LET.
BRYANT, 904— Large store; has. been occupied
by dressmaker for 6 years; rent $10.'
CORNER grocery store; 3 rooms . attached;
large brick basement. " Northeast corner,' Do-
lores and Fifteenth sts. .. : .
STORE,, well lighted In middle and all over;
25x150 or part, thereof. 519 .Howard' St. .
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and : L-
afayette sts.; cheap rent. * ■ ■ ' "-. '. -
FURNISHED large fireproof store; center
of business. St. Helena; long. lease. Address
lock box 13. St. Helena. Cal.
FACTORIES ;TO LET.
MISSION, 579, opp- Wells-Fargo's : Express-
Second and third floors: power available for
straw, works. paper box, shirt factory. ■
MEDICAL. . :
ALL ladles— C only Dr. .and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kin.l sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.;. babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay self cure sent; call' or write; free;
! confidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES,' 1
City Hall aye., cor •McAllister;, pills, $2. ; ;
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
i and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
I aid: Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home in confinement:
best care" and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, , before . going else-
where; regulating pills ' and capsules, • $1.
MRS DR. WYETH, 918 Post St., nr. Larkin.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness; ' from • whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
have failed; no Instruments used; many
years' experience; every case guaranteed ;* ad-
vice free: terms reasonable; first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR. DA-
LEY, 1126 Market St., over ' Owl Drugstore.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: a home in confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
ve.nlenee of a hospital: those sick- or discour-
i aged call on. the doctor and' state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. QWTER, 226 Turk st. . ■
j SURE cure, when others fall: no medicine or
i Instruments; . e^'ery woman her -own i ! physi-
cian for. all f*malt» tr«ub!<*,«.nu mutter. from
what cause: restore in :-l day; never falls;
..consultation free: can be sent and used at
home, r DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by
telephone. .-..► ■■•'.• •? ' ,:- ••;
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
■ cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
! ever cause);. no Instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5: consult free; hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. 11l- Market St. ' '
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases, of women; ladles;
safe, ■ quick, curl guaranteed: any ailment:
maternity home: best care; skill only; low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure. S3. 401 Van Ness.
, A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
5c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
! •facturlng Co., 531 X st. gacramento. Cal.-
ALPEAU'S French a boon to ladles with
female troubles;- no danger: safe, cure; $2 50:
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
CAPSULETAS— Preventive; : sure: ; harmless;
guaranteed or money refunded. . MME. MAS-
SON. 1223 Geary st.
VALUABLE medical receipt for sale; married
ladies Investigate. Box 11S7. Call office. :
1 DR. HALL. 1 City Hall aye., cor. McAllister
j & Leavenworth; diseases of women. ; children.
LADIES— Mrs." Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
; edies;. SS years' experience. 254*4 Fourth st. .
HOME In confinement;, diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st. Alameda. -
DRS. K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
skin or private disuses. .8 Mason St., 8. F.
$1 WEEK— Large sunny furnished : room, bath; •
closet; private. 314 Fifth, st. -
DENTISTS.
FULL -set of teeth. $5; painless extraction; see
our combination plate, . thin " as paper; : war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our 'specialty;' teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 60c,- crowns
$3 50; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry: no shock; painless extraction 1 a
' positive fact: full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
fillings 25c up: gold, crowns,' $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate: open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; /Phone Jessie 1695.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 60c;
plates, $5; gold filling, 75c up: silver, 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up; special - Inducements
to Klondlkers; open evenings and Sundays.
: 969 Mission 8t..- cor. Sixth. ■ > : ■■■■■-■
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth" from $S
per set; extracting 50c ; gas given. - ,. i r'...,,,
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless ■ extraction ; and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from C to 20 O'Farrell.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has ' resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Market and Taylor."
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg.,,6th floor, rms. 603-607.
! ALL work reasonable. and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. . >-.., •.'-:
CHEAPEST and best In -America— The, Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the -.; United
States or . Canada* one year for $1 50, postage
free. - - ■ ■■■'-■■■-■ -■-■••.•■■-.■■-..■ "
LEGAL NOTICES..
THE partnership heretofore existing between
E. M. W"ESTE:and L. T. FENN under the
name and style of WESTE .A - FENN • was
dissolved by mutual consent August S. 1897.
'■ • •-:'.'-".;■-■-' '«■ - _.. L - T. FENN.;;'
DEPARTMENT No. " 10, Probate— ln the Su-
perior Court In and for the City and County-
. of San Francisco. State of- California— In the
• matter of the estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
BON, deceased.
Notice Is hereby given that Thursday, the
24th day ,of February, *A. D., . IS9S, ;at • 10
o'clock a. m. of said day, and the courtroom
i of Department No. 10, of said cou,rt. ,at the
New City - Hall, -In • the City i and County of
■ San Francisco, . State of California. have
', been - appointed as • the time ■ and : place, for
■ • proving ■* the will of * said JACOB C. .* JOHN-
SON, deceased, and for ring the applica-
tion of ANNA E. JOHNSON for the issuance
to her of letters testamentary.^. ; : .
' Dated February 11. A. D. IR9B. Oerk. v :
CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk.
' (Seal) By E. S. HAWKEY.- Deputy Clerk. ;
J. A. STEPHENS. Attorney for Petitioner.
Room 603, Claua Spreckels building. -: .
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from WUllom N. Lamb, in the Croff
mine, near Oleta, Amndor County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Cambridge
mine, in Dry Creek: from B. F. Steese and O.
Woehler, In the Long Ravine mine, near
Spencevllle. Nevada County, to deposit tall-
ings in Long Ravine; and from J. W. Cum-
mins, in the Amo mine, near Oroville, Butte
County, to deposit tailings in Cherokee Ra-
vine, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 69, Flood building, San Francisco,
Cal., on February 28. 1898. at 1.-3 A p. jri.
• PBHSOXAJL.9.
WANTED —To ' know the whereabouts of
OHaRLES ODER; 13 years old; large for age.
'; Address Y. H. ODER, 2237 Mission st.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, ; call or send 10c for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no fa re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis- at, Ban- Francisco.
*— —™ •— — — ~— — — »— — — -■ ~^— — —
■ ■'. ; BUSINESS PERSONALS.- • ]ji ;
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. ,806 Market, . room 25, second floor.
LADIES' feet -put in perfect order at home by
a skillful chiropodist; references.' -Address
. 61& Harrison st. , : .. .. '- .: -■
THE feminine world will gladly, welcome' the
; new styles ■in • hairdresslng; the . latest, only
25c; good switches, ■ $1; best, finest . quality,"
$3 50; extra heavy, long, $5. Open Sundays
'.':■ from 9 to 12. • G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
VOCAL Instructor Jos. Greven cannot be
killed by the poisonous sting of a little, wasp,
who tries in vain to bile just the best of our
artists for the sole purpose,' of course, of get-
• ting some honey. . ■>'.• V' ■■■- :=.: =. ; ' ■•
QUINONIA Hair Tonic not only .-cleanses, but
. beautifies. • G. ; LEDERER, 111 Stockton, st. •
■ SEND for my "New Treatise on the Hair,-"
free; I dress hair for 25c;. good switches. $1;
i finest, ' best quality, $3 50; extra heavy, . long.
$5; open : Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LED-
' ERER. HI Stockton Bt. . .'
NEW method mp.ssaee,. electric - treatment:
heated room.- MRS. JOHNSTON. r.U'jj Geary.
QUINONIA is' a powerful nourishment for the
hair. G. LEDERER.' 11l Stockton St.,
! TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial; Transfer
I \ Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49. W
ELECTRIC Hphts in every ; room: '■ Winchester.
House, 44 Third St.. ' nr. ■ Market ; 200 . rooms.
2Cc to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week:
fre« bus and baggage: to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
Fan Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
' N. BRUNT. 635 Clay St.. 9. >F.-: •
| SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
T/EMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
! $14— Suit to order: samples; ■ try one. t NED-
HAUB & CO.. tailors. 115 Ketrny st.
I CLOAKS and tailor-made milts retailed , at
wholesale figure*. 'JO Ransoms st. 1 .- ~
DRESSMAKERS.
I 'r-^iVr. --% r _ m ******
' MME. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses,
?5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 88.
s . CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property ; locates J treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
. anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
i special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
I 25 and 28, 1206 Market st.. opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant, card-
reader: born double veil and second slpht;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; lndie« fiOe.
gents sl; palm, and clalrv.; sit. $1 50 126 Turk.
MMX. LE NORMANDK. clairvoyant, card-
reader, magnetic treatment; hours, 10 to 9.
401 Leavenworth fit.
MMX. IDA SCHMIDT, mntrnetlst, card reader
and fortune teller. 234 O'Farrell. r. 4 and 5.
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. POfi Market st., room 41. top floor.
MISS PKAUL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120U Oeary st.
MRS. RAY from fhlcasro, maKnetic healer and
card reader. 1115 Market st., room 17. 2d floor.
RAY FAIR, card reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St., room 2.
MISS MELVILLE, profit ci.-iirvoyant and
water reader. 821 4 Mission: German spoken.
MRS. MANDENA, medium and r.almist; read-
inns 25C and r.Oc this week; satisfaction. 20 Gth.
MMX HANSKN, palmist, card-writer; past,
present and future: 25c. 148 Sixth, room 6.
JOSIE TAYLOR, magnetic healer; mind read-
er. 223 Post St., room 11, second floor.
OLLIE LAKE, returned from Chicago; card
reader, iff* Market Pt., or 3 Ellis, room 22.
MME. ftfORJSAU, best medium and card-
reader; German spoken; 2."c up. 73 Fourth Rt.
IDA INGLEWOOD, card-reader, magnetic
healer. 126 Fourth St., room 23.
MMX. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Pt.
MME. MORKAT T . test medium, clairvoyant.
eard-r*ader: 25c up. 73 Fourth ft., upstairs.
MMX. STBTLLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MTSP EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
S: mind reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 1234 Sixth st.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
4 MARKET ST— Ttranch office of The Call.
Want mis and subscriptions taken.
* ; SPIR'TUALISBI.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing' trumpet se-
ance. S p.' m. : 2.1 c. 409 Leavenworth st. |
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant; c'rcle Tups.
Frl. eves.. 10c; readings dally. Xc, 50c. 10S 6th.
MRS. ALICE FAY. medium ; and ■ magnetic
healer. 32 Lewis St.. off Jones, near Post.
BOOKS— and spiritual at 1429 . Market
st., office of Philosophical Journal. ■ ■'■■: >
MISS SHRINER. -clairvoyant for business. and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny st.. room 24:
A. M. FRANCIS, Independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, ■ tor
m»«»nges and . ndvl.-e ?1R Stockton . st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount at 6}4 per cent on real estate:
2d and 8d mortgages, estates, undivided Inter-
ests, real estate in probate, - life insurance,
goods in warehouse, furniture . and pianos
without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought; no delay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3. ■ .■•■■• :'
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S.F., Oak-
land, or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
tel. South 14. ' . ' ,
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
: out removal; mdse In storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, 1 '- house rents, bank books, etc. ; low In-
, terest; private; no com. R. 88,- 1170 Market.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; -private offices. .: M. E.
: DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny st.;; upstairs. .
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
; tain liberal advances, on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 848 Market St.; tel. Green 204.. - *
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland 1 ; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary at.
LOANS on real estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal; any amount: lowest
rates. BECKER & CO., 328 Montgomery at.
GO to a regular llrensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstnlrs: strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established 1569.
ANT sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden. 415 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2<l mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY-, «2S Mkt at.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal ; lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and Jewelry.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. IPS Montgomf— st.
LOST.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
■ and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EDWARD R. BARRY, No. 13S 402.
The finder will please return to Bank.
$20 FOR return of package of papers marked
Raver's Law and Collection Company to room
4, 124 Sansome st.
ST BERNARD dog, neighborhood of Post and
Sutter sts. Return to 715 Taylor st. and re-
cefve reward.
PURSE containing money and rlng-s; Tuesday,
bet. ( ? and 7 p. m. Return to 1207 Montgom-
ery st. ; reward.
RED cow. February 14; reward. Return H.
WRIGHT. 811 Silliman, nr. San Bruno road.
LOST— Pair eyeglasses; chain and hairpin at-
tached; reward. 210 Market st.
LOST A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. ESSIE CLUNAN. No. 203,756.
The finder will please return to bank.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The C*H:
subscriptions and want ad 3 taken.
FOUND.
FOUND— Fine watch with charm and chain.
Owner can have same by calling at Lundy's
jewelry store, 4 Third at., Claus Spreckels
building.
CITY HE .1, ESTATE.
A— 32 ROOMS; sunny corner; make offer; must
sell. Apply H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market »t.
2 FLATS; large lot; fine location; sold cheap.
Inquire meat market, 576 Howard St.
3 ROOMS, new, a fteauty; $200 cash, $16 per
mo. buys It. The McCarthy Co., 646 Market.
A— s6soo; CORNER house at the park; oily ctfr-
ner unsold of 6 just completed; very hand-
somely finished; marble steps and built by
day work; every possible convenience and
every room sunny: terms to suit. Apply AL-
BERT WILFORD. cor. Shrader and Beulah
sts., 2 blocks south of Haight, from 1 to 4.
IF YOU INTEND BUILDING let me. submit
an estimate, with plans and specifications;
no charge; best of references, bonds, etc. W.
W. KEDNALL, Builder, 1326 Hayes st. '
NEW house, 7 rs. , bath: easy terms; Mission;
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
615' LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The,Cau.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.- . . .
339~HAYES ST.— Branch "office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. _____
COCNTKY _(EAL ESTATE.
RARE chance— Small ranch, 4% acres, 1 mile
below San Mateo; all level; well fenced; good
house, barn and outhouses. Inquire of S.
LAVENBURG, Church and Market sts.
26 AQRES valley land, seeded to grain; fronts
on main county road; 6 niiles" from Santa
Rosa; new house, 4 rooms; cheap for cash.
J. T. PETERS, Mills building.
WANTED— About 5 to 10 acres, Improved with
small houfce; convenient to San Francisco:
cheap for cash. Address J. C. care Grand
View Hotel, Berkeley.
RANCH f.. r sale— 2T.o acres In Paradise fruit
belt; going to Klondike; must be sold. For
particulars addrens J. O. WILSON, Paradise,
Butte County, Cnl.
FOR sale— 3SB9-acre ranch- at $50; crops. Imple-
ments, stock, water ditch and water; switch
on the ranch and 11-acre fine lemon and or-
ange grove, 8 year? old. In full bearing; pos-
sess at once. Particulars address C. PAR-
MENTER. Winters, Cal. Wanted— sso,ooo for 3
years, 6 per cent; real estate security; no agts.
LITTLE homes close to town; Improved: easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years 1 credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
687 MONTGOMERY st.. branch office of the
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
; OAKLAND ' REAL STATE.
$75 WILL buy, a lot worth \ $150; $5 cash, $5
monthly; Allendale Settlement, . East' Oak-
land, and now covered with homes ' and
bulding up rapidly; build your home or we
will build It for you; payment as rent; all
streets graded; some macadamized; 3 elec-
tric-car lines and fine 'school; view, climate
and soil the best; call or send for circular,
459 Ninth st., bet.; -Washington and Broad-
way. Oakland ; carriage free. .H. Z. JONES,
owner. ■ ■'.'* '"■'.
GOING to Klondike— House and lot for sale;
West Oakland. . Box 1169, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. alameda real estate.
b¥e^iall~noticZ~~ .: "T- ?. [^~~~~~
first COME. FIRST SERVED. '■'.
JUST L.IKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800,- $2200, $2600. $3000. • "-'■■.:
The above are lovely, cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions. . 4 . • , .
We are going to weed them ' out. v and " lnvite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. . Open Sundays and holidays.
BARGAINS IN ALAMELA HOMES.
FINE two-story house en Broadway: ■ lot COx
140; price $2400. Neat two-story house on
Buena Vista aye.; lot 50x150; price $1400.
Five-room ■ cottage -on Buena Vista • aye.: lot
fiox]o2: price $1600. Large 9-room cottage with
basement, on Taylor aye.; lot 60x140; price
$2630. ■ ,V V .
Two new 5-room cottages on Taylor aye.: lot
33x100; price $2000. I New 6-room cottage on
Santa Clara aye. ; lot 35x110; price . $2450. For
Investment— A fine corner, fronting 115 feet on
a business street, with 4 stores rented; will
| sell for $7500; worth .-. $14,000; .half, purchase
! price njay remain on property. Several : other
bargains. . CaJJ at 1503 Webster St.. • Alameda,
; next to drugstore. A. R. DEN'KE Sr. '!.-'■
$1200— SACRIFICE; lot 40x207, with good 7-room
house: half block from station and high
school; easy terms.
$2SoO— New modern cottage: lot 40x150; fine
location: $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$2500; snap.
$2900— Beautiful new 8-room house, complete;
lot 50x203; cholr-e location; very easy terms.
To Close an Estate — 10-room house: lot 60x140:
Alarneua's best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12,750— Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment; properties bringing $130 per month;
mortgage of S9OOO can remain: bargain. *
Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park St., Alameda.
AT. a, big barorain— l2-room modern house on one
of the main avenues of Alameda; a corner
lot 75 feet by 174 feet; house cost when built
$7000: now to be had at less than $0000. For
particulars Inquire of HERMAN CORDES,
1332 High St.. Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The We»klv
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada' one year for $1 CO, postage
free. .
BERKELEY . REAL ESTATE. .
FOR SALE— S3SOO; a fine new 10-room house
on large lot; -very handy to University and
Berkeley Station. O. G. MAY CO., Real Es-
tate, 2123 Center *t.. Berkeley. . ; ■
NEAR the University and Station — fine lots
" for amount of mortgage and Interest: a posi-
, tive bargain. JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley Station. -, ■ .
* PROPERTY TO" KXCMANGr.
$3000— HOME In Seattle for the same in Oak-
land. Pee owner find cuts at 1070 East
Twenty-fourth st., Oakland.
10 LARGE lots In • Minnetonka Center, near
Minneapolis, Minn. : will ' exchange for busi-
ness or property:- $2000. Call or address N.
KN'UPSON. 136 Parker ave..,San Francisco.
"""storage. -•-■■ ■ •■
"aT low rates— Furniture, • carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOON AN. 1017 to 1021
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household poods, piano*; ad-
vances made; fireproof building;. F. W.
2EKFCRS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1521.
r ~\ TYPEWRITERS. : .
YOST, good order. $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN.-333 Montgomery st. ■
BIRTHS-MARBiAGES^-DEAm-
Birth, 'marriage and death notices sent .by
mall will not be Inserted. . They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. :
.': -' \%. -■ . ... BORN. ': \■. -' v: :" ■•' ■>
BLAKE— In this city,. February 17, 1898, to the
wife of John F. Blake, a son. .: , . ■
BRUNS— February 13, 1898, to the wife of A.
Bruns,- a sun. ■ ... ■? ■; , , •
CASTRO— Santa Clara, February 13, 1838,
to the wife of M. \L. Castro, a . son.
GAETCKE— To the wife of G. Gaetcke. a son.
LUDWJG — Corona, February 10. ISBB, . to the
• Wife 'of M~. Ludwlg, a son. v' " .
MAUSH— Nevada City, February 14, 1898, to
: the wife of ChTXTIeS Marsh, a son. . :• ■
MERRIFIELD— In Nevada . City. February 13,
I.S9S, to thew^fe of Charles Merrlfleld, a son.
N6TEMAN— In this city. February 2, IS9S. to
the wife of Alex . Noteman, a son. • -
PENROSE— In Nevada City, February 13. 1898.
to the wife of .William H. Penrose. a son.
WOOSTER— In Tancred, : February. 15. 1898, to
: the wife of Dan Wooster, a daughter. . ■ ■.-...
: -•■ !: : " ' ;■ '■ ■:■, ; MARRIED. .. : >
DOUGLAS— In this city, February 16,.
ISfIS. ■by the Rev. ■ James McDonald of St.
Peter's,. Dr. George -Adam and Alice. Doug-
las, both : of San ' Francisco. . v_ .;-■ ;,-; >; . .. ;
CARROLL— LISTON— Salinas. February 16.
1898, ■by the Rev. J. W. Bryant, W. F. Car-
roll and Nellie Liston, both of Moss Larrd-
: ing. ■'.- "'..'■.:-•"•■" -^ ■ :- ;;. ;.',.; ...-■; .";..:."
MOORE— CARR —In * Lemoore, ; February .' 15,
1898. by the Rev. ; Sarah Pratt Carr. Dr. J. C.
;. Moore , and Mary Louise Carr. •
MASSEY— SHEEHAN— In t Carlin, • Nev.. Feb-
. ruary 12. ; 1808. by the Rev. J. M. Donaldson,
W. A. Massey and Annie Sheehan. ■ ■
ROSS— HEDGER— In Erie. February '14, T 189S
■ by the Rev. • Mr. Vineyard,-- William •D. Rosa
. and Maude Hidger.
SMART— RYDER— In'- Salinas, February 16.
1898. by the Rev. J. W. Bryant. Edward G.l
; Smart . and . Florence ; E. .' Ryder, . both of Sa-
.•': Unas.; ••...-'■■■••>• ■ -•-■•■r- t :- •..■■•.-'., .;..•' '■.-.;- v'. \i -:^.
dikd.
Bailey, ■ Hannah a ■'..•; Long, Captain iJ.• H.
: Bain, .Annie ■- •. •, > .">>\; Loughran, Anne ■
Bowman, - Adella. < -.•>* N'.elßon ; (Infant) ■■■ ' •'
TtranaKan, ■" Arthur T: ;■ O'Connor. Rev. ; C. :
Chalne, James "*"' : • '_-O' Kane. John W. '
CQnley, ' James -■•••,-—-. Owen. William B. ' ■
Crelg, Mary A. '•': ' Peter*, Mr». U.
Croke. Margaret Phillips. Mrs. M. C.
Cunningham, Bridget Risk. Mary
Dearing, Elizabeth Roberts, Hannah M.
Ellis, Joseph, Ryan. Mary
Emery, Ida E. Small. Levl
Fell. Mrs. Caroline Stark. Luke
Flood. Elizabeth Stelner, Nicholas
Granfield, Morris Welsh. Winifred
Kerrigan. William Wilbur, Amos 11.
Krauth. F. K.
BAILEY— In Oakland, February 17. 1898, Han-
nah Bailey, beloved mother of John and
James Bailey and Mrs. J. D. Wiseman, a
native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morronr
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 464 Third street, thence to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
BAIN-In this city. February 17. is.«, Annie,
beloved wife of the late James Bain, and
sister of Mrs. E. Magner. a native of County
Clare. Ireland, aged 55 years. . .
BOWMAN— In this city. February 17, 1898.
Adelia Bowman, mother of Mrs. R. E. Dick-
inson, a native of Dutchess County, New
York, aged SI yenrs and 11 months.
BRANAGAN— In this city. February 17. IS?S. at
the residence of his son-in-law, John .1.
Rlley, 27 Hattio street. Arthur Branagan. a
native of Ardee. County Louth, Ireland, aged
74 years.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at Hollister. Cal.
CHAINE— In Colma. February 16, ISfIS, James,
beloved husband of Julia Chaine. and father
of Julia and Pauline Chaine. a native of
France, aged 71 years.
CONLEY— Near Alpine. February' 10. 1898.
James Conley, a native of England, aged 54
years.
CREIG— In San Mateo. February 8. ISOS, Mary
Alexander Creig, a native of Kentucky, aged
ffi years 4 months and 29 days.
CROKE— In this city, February 17. lsrf, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of James Croke. a native
of Golden, Tipperary, Ireland, aged 64 years.
[ET'Notioe of funeral hereafter.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, February 17, IS9S,
Bridget Cunningham, beluved sister of Rosa
Thompson, a native of San Francisco.
DEARING— Near Guinda. Febmary 15. IR9B,
Elltabeth Dearing, a native of California,
aged 31 years.
ELLIS— In this city, February' 15. 189 S. Joseph
D., beloved husband of Hannah Ellis. fatht'C
of Bertha, Joseph D. Jr.. Melvin and Mena
Ellis and Mrs. F. Williams of Oakland, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged- 62 years and 1
months. (Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
EMERY— In this city, February 15, IS9B. Ida
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of Harry Emery,
of Greenwood, Mendocino County, daughter
Of Mrs. M. E. Pettis. mother of Mrs. Charles
H. Murray, and grandmother of Florence I.
and Charles B. Murray, a native of 3omer3et,
Mass., aged 41 years 2 months and 10 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. Charles H. Murray, 31
Rausch street, thence to Central M. E.
Church, Mission street, between Sixth anc|
Seventh, for services, commencing at 1 :3"»
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FELL— In San Ma.teo, February 10, 189S, Mrs.
Caroline Fell, a native of Germany, aged 88
years.
FLOOD— In this city, February 16. 1898. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Henry S. Flood, and
mother of George, James, Agnes and Harry
Flood, a native of New York.
inyFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Fri-
day), at 11 o'clock, at the residence, 2015
Broadway. Interment private.
GRANFIELD— In this city. February 15, 1.895,
Morris Granfleld, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 46 years.
(D^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KERRIGAN— In this city. February 16. 18!>8.
William, beloved son of William and Kit-
tie Kerrigan, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months and 2 days.
KRAVTK- VETERAN ODD FELLOWS— At-
tend funeral of Past President F. K. Krauth
at I. O. O. F. Hall, Alameda, Saturday, Feb-
ruary 19, at 1 o'clock.
WILLIAM H. BARNES. Sec.
LONG— In this city, February 14, 1898. Cap-
tain James H. Long, a native of New York,
aged i>3 years. (New York City papers please
copy. )
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
thence by 11.30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend itreets to Cypress Lawn Cemer
tery.
LOUGHRAN— In Menlo Park, February 9. 1898,
Anne Loughran, a native of Ireland, aged
SI years.
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital,
February 17, 181'S, infant daughter of Gene-
vieve Nelson, a native of California, aged 1G
days.
O'CONNOR— In this city. February 17, 18«S, at
St. Mary's Hospital, Rev. Cornelius O'Con-
nor of L'klah. Cal.i brother of Sister Mary
Teresa of Sacramento and Thomas C. 3. C.
and Michael E. O'Connor, a native of Knock-
amere, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 50 years.
[Ev r Th'! funeral will take place Monday,
February 21. from St. Mary's Cathedral.
O'Farrell street and Van Ness avenue, whera
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery-
O'KANE— In this city, February 17. IBM, John
W. P., beloved son of John and KftrgßMf
O'Kane, and brother of Mrs. William Detels
and James D. O'Kane, a native of Sa.n Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years and 11 months.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of hi? uncle, Michael Meagber. 321 Oak street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will he celebrated for th»
repose of his soul, commencing at lo o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OWEN— Near Haywards, February 15, IS9B,
William 8., beloved husband of Ethel M.
Owen, father of Edith and Harry W. Owen,
and brother of V. H. Owen, a native of
Haywards, Cal., aged 26 years 5 months and
29 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence near Haywards. Interment Mount
Eden Cemetery.
PETERS— In this city, February 16, IS9S, Mrs.
Margaret Peters, a native of Scotland, aged
74 years.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tnls day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, I'rnm the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. William Helbing, 2712
Folsom street. Interment private. No flow-
ers.
PHILLIPS— In this city. February 13. 1898,
Mrs. Martha Caroline i,'hilUps, beloved
mother of Mrs. Mary A. Freeman and James
R. and Thoddeu^ P. Phillips, and grand-
mother of Charles 11. Persons, a naUve of
Richmond, Va.. aged 10 years 4 months and
12 days. (Buffalo, N. V., papers please cdpy.)
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da/
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the Third Bap-
tist Church, Powell street, near Bush. ,Jn-
terment Laurel Hill CVmetery.
RISK— In this city, February 15, 189 S. Mary
Risk, beloved mother of Robert, George and
James H. Hunter. William Risk. Mrs. Kate
Kstudillo and Miss Msmle Risk, a native ol
Dundalk. Ireland, aged 64 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are i"esp*ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son. James Hunter, 1304V4 Mont-
gomery street, thence to St. Francis Churfji.
where services will be held. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city, February V, l&S,
Hannah M., beloved wife of R. T. Roberts.
a nativa of England, aged 62 years.
RYAN— In Grass Valley, February 17, IS9S.
Mary, beloved wife of the late John Ryan,
and mother of Mrs. Hooper. Mrs. Moss. Mrs.
Fisher. Mrs. Burriss and John, ,'araes, Rich-
ard and the late William Ryan, aged 67
years.
SMALL— In this city, February 17, 1898, Levi
Small, a native of Maine, aged 57 years 2
months and 11 days.
STARK— In this city, February 15. 1S»8, Luke,
beloved hubband of the late Mary Stark,
nephew of Mrs. B. Weiss of New York, and
uncle of Frank J., John M.. Robert M. and
Elizabeth J. Weiss. Mrs. Charles Geltz, Jen-
nie and Sophie Stark. B. and Martin Smith.
Mrs Maggie Hayes, and Mrs. James Joyce.
a native of New York, aged 52 years 2
months and 8 days. (New York papers please
copy. )
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. Inter-
■ ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STEINER— In this city, February.. 16, 18SS,
Nicholas Stelner, a native of Alleijhany, Pa..
, aged 63 years.
rrJTFrl"nils and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mor-row
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple corner Post and Montgomery streets.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
\VELSH— In this city, February 1«. IWS. Wini-
fred beloved wife of James Welsh, mother
of john William. Thomas, James. iCdward
and Katie Welsh, and aunt of Mrs. J. O' Mai-
lev a native of Ireland, agefl 57 years.
jrjrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the iUneral this day
(Friday), at S:3J o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 254 Tehama strett. thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WILBUR— In this city. February 17. 1358. Amos
H. Wilbur, a native of New York, aged 58
yearn. .._
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, v - I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I |
• £0 FIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln School. ";• I
: ■' " "•■•"■- Telephbne, Sonthny.** T^il_liiliJ^
— - j. n. b. m'atoy. Manager. ••■:,-. > : ' I
MCAVOY «fc CO., " I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
\.i.-._1235 Market St.. between Bth and Bth. . v I
■j. . -.■-.-■■•;. ■-.-■■•; > Telephone. South 247. |
1516
A JOKER
IN THE
DOCUMENT
Why Irving Did Not
Bid on a Water-
Front Contract.
More Light Comes Out 01
the Harbor Commis
sion Suit.
The Board Was Told All About
the Creosoting Busi
ness.
EXAMINING PAINT BOOKS.
No Erasures Were Found in the
ParafTme Company's Ac
counts.
The case of the Parafnne Paint Com
pany against the State Board of Har
bor Commissioners, now being heard
before Superior Judge Belcher, was not
productive of any great sensations yes
terday. During the forenoon expert
bookkeepers went to the office of the
company, at 116 Battery street, and
made an examination of the books.
This was done on the invitation of
Samuel C. Irving, the manager of the
concern, who stated in court the day
before that no erasures, such as were
in those of the San Francisco Timber
Preserving Company, could be found
in his books. In making the offer he
Baid his firm had no underhanded
transactions to conceal. The expert ac
countants took off memoranda from
the commision account and made up a
balance sheet and went away.
The courtroom, where the case was
being tried, was filled with the odors
of creosote and tar. In fact, it had ail
the bad smells of a petroleum town
during a boom. This was caused by
the number of blocks of creosoted tim
;aken to court for exhibition pur
poses. During the two sessions of the
court there was but one witness on the
stand, Mr. Irving, manager of the
tiff company. For a time he re
el" inded to questions on his direct ex
amination and then was given over to
Attorney Stratton for cross-examina
tion. In response to a question by At
torney Cope he said:
tore Commissioner Colnon came
into the board it was customary for the
ehk-r" engineer of the board to prepare
the plans and specifications for the
preparation of piles. Since his advent
Mr. Colnon has assumed the right to
direct what covering should be used,
and how. He assumed the office that
had been previously vested in a scien
tific and learned engineer."
Mr. Irving told of an investigation
made of the condition of th^ piles by a
previous board, of which Mr. Bassett
was chairman. They found the Paraf
fine Company's 'piles on Pacific-street
■wharf to be intact, but all of the creo
sntpri piles were decayed and destroyed
by marine pests. "When questioned as
to recent investigations made for the
purpose of examining the size of creo
soted piles he said:
"I found a great many creosoted
piles, fender and standard, to be un
dersized: that is, under fourteen inches
for fender and under twelve inches for
the other piles. I also have made ex
aminations of the creosoting, and found
that the work was not properly done.
A shaving taken from the timber would
reveal the wood below to be free or
devoid of creosote."
In response to questions he said the
paints of the Paraffine Paint Company
are for sale in the open market and
the company's process of ro%-erinsr piles
can be used by any who choose. In his
direct examination Mr. Irvine: testified
that his company was deterred by the
terms in the last specifications from
bidding for one reason, because the
patent number and process were called
for. He maintained that to have put
in the patent number would have the
effer-t of scaring people out of bidding
on these lines, but that the use of the
company's trademark P. & B. would
not, as th.p article can be purchased in
open market. "Without the patent num
ber joker in the specifications other
contractors might bid with a view of
using the same materials as the Par
afflne Company. Mr. Irving said that
the creosoting method of treating 1 piles
has been tried all over the world, but
had not proved very much of a success,
even when properly done.
There was a Ions? argument between
AD VERT ISEMENTS.
Health is the best inheritance. It leave*
its influence even to the third and fourth
generation. What greater happiness has
life in store for any man than to live to a
green old age surrounded by his children
and his children's children, and see them
all robust, happy and successful. Happy
the man who lives to carve at the wedding
suppers of his grandchildren. Picture your-
self a gray-haired but hearty old man at the
head of the table at your grandson's wed-
ding, thanking your Maker for the blessing
of long life, and asking the blessing of
good health for generations yet unborn. It
lies in almost every man's power to be thus
blt-sttd if he will. If he will only obey Nat-
tire's laws and be watchful of his health,
he will have long life and happiness.
The best preserver of health is Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. It keeps the
digestion perfect, the liver active, and the
blood pure. It is the best flesh-builder and
nerve invigorator. The man who resorts to
it whenever he feels any symptoms of ap-
proaching ill-health will live to a hearty old
age. Druggists sell it. Nothing else is
"just as good."
J. B. Holt, of Whittens Stand, Wayne Co.,
Term.. writes: "In October, 1890, I was taken
■with a hurtitiß- in tho back of ray neck which
steadily grew worse. I consulted a doctor. He
gave nic a course of treatment but I gradually
grew worse under it. At last ray trouble ran into
•what was called ' 9pinal affection.' I could hardly
walk about at all. Finally I became as helpless
as a child. I wrote you at Buffalo. N. V.. in :■■
gard to my condition and you answered ie-
promptly and prescribed Dr. I'ierce's Golden
Medical 'Diacovery. I took the ' Disco\-erv ' and
I -t well. My health continues good."
Dnipsrists sell Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pel-
lets. They cure constipation. They cure
quickly and permanently and never gripe.
One is a gtntle laxative; two a mild
cathartic.
counsel as to whether or not the wit
r.ess should be questioned upon the rel
ative merits of the creosoting and other
processes. Attorney Cope argued that
the purpose of having the witness tes
tify relative to the opinions of numer
ous scientific gentlemen*was simply to
show that the board had been informed
by Mr. Irving and may be others that
certain processes of preserving piles
were less successful than others, but
that the board arbitrarily decided upon
the adoption of a certain process.
Referring to the specifications on
which the bids were made Attorney
Stratton asked: "Did you not bid on
the third set of specifications because
you believed you would waive your
rights to a contract under the second
set?"
"I preferred to rest my rights on the
second set because I believed that I had
already rightfully obtained the con
tract. If the third set had been the
same as the second I would, for the
purpose of keeping the friendship of
the board, have waived my rights and
put in another bid. However, I consid
ered the third set as unfair to me, and
so I did not put in a bid."
He went on to state that under the
third set it was necessary to prepare
at least twenty piles per day for the
Green- street wharf, which was not
possible if honest work were done, par
ticularly where there was a penalty
clause attached.
In no other specifications that he saw
since 1390 was such a penalty clause
inserted. While the time, forty days,
for delivering 817 prepared piles to the
Green-street wharf was the same in
both sets, still the delivery was ham
pered in the latter case, and he would
not have had time to secure his plant
and do the work in the time required.
Attorney Stratton made many efforts
to get at all of the reasons why the
witness refused to bid on the third set
of specifications, but not getting a sat
isfactory answer he made the following
request:
"I will ask you to confer with your
attorney, and when you next appear
on the witness-stand give me an an
swer as to whether or not you will put
in a bid under these specifications: and
if not, what changes and modifications
you will require in the same in order to
induce you to make an offer for the
contract."
Another reason he gave was that he
had been informed that Attorney Strat
ton had written a letter to Engineer
Holmes advising the introduction of
the penalty clause, and he. witness, had
become scared, knowing that Mr. Strat
ton had been the attorney for the Par
affine Paint Company's rivals in bnsi
nss — and that had much to do with pre
venting him from bidding.
MAYOR PHELAN
ON CITY RULE
Speaks on the Subject of the
Necessity of Municipal
Reform.
San Francisco Defrays Twenty-Five
Per Cent of the Taxes of
the State.
A lecture on the subject of "The
Practical Side of City Government"
was delivered at Metropolitan Hall last
evening by James D. Phelan before an
immense and appreciative audience. In
the expansion of this subject the Mayor
endeavored to place before his auditors
the true situation of the municipal gov
ernment, citing various statistical re
ports and giving in order the exact sit
uation of the school department and
the various other institutions of the
city. He spoke of the corruption ex
isting at present in nearly all the de
partments in the municipal constitu
tion, and the remedy of effectively
purging it of these evils.
In considering the subject of city
laws and the abuse of office holders
who owe their positions to political in
fluence brought to bear on their behalf,
the subject of taxation was- introduced
and thoroughly considered in connec
tion with the necessary revenue which
is demanded in order to more effect
ively carry on the work of maintaining
the present condition of affairs.
"The object of taxation," said the
speaker, "is to equalize the burden of
defraying the expense of running the
government, and we are doing more
than our share at present toward
supporting the government of the
State. In addition to maintaining the
burden of defraying 25 per cent of the
entire taxes of the State government,
we contribute vast sums of money for
the support of schools in the interior.
In addition to this we are called upon
by the Federal Government to aid them
in running the national institutions.
DEUGGISTS ARE FINED.
W. A. Upp and W. N. Fenney Fined
and J. W. Boardman Sent
to Jail.
W. A. Upp and \V. N. Fenney, drug
grists, were each fined $200 by Judge Jo
achimsen yesterday for selling bogus
liver pills. The difference between
the two was that I'pp had an
alternative of 180 days, while Fen
ney had no alternative. J. W. Board
man, who manufactured the pills was
sent to the County Jail for forty days
The proceedings of the court were' as
follows:
The court-J. W. Boardman. for sen
tence.
Mr. Beasley— Defendant is present and
ready for sentence.
Mr. Patterson— ln that case, if your
Honor please, we feel that we have been
very much aggrieved. We have been
counting on Mr. Boardman's testimony
against people, some of whom have been
dismissed. He ran away from the juris
diction of this court. We couldn't find
him, and in consequence of being unable
to secure his evidence against some of the
druggists, we had to dismiss them He
was in contempt of court several times
and failed to appear here in accordance
with the orders of the court; but not
withstanding all that, I want to say on
behalf of the people, whom I represent in
this case, that they do not desire to per
secute anybody. This Is a very serious
offense on the part of Mr. Boardman but
we ask the court to be as lenient with
him as the court can in the exercise of its
true dignity.
The court— ln this case there have been
two bench warrants issued for the arrest
of this defendant, and I feel like punish
ing him very severely, for he has dis
obeyed the orders of the court and has
kept this case hanging here unnecessarily
The testimony showed that he was clearly
guilty in the matter and that he de
served a severe punishment, and that also
by reason of his disobedience and con
tempt of court; but in consideration of
the request of the prosecution that the
extreme penalty be not imposed, t shall
give this defendant a lighter punishment
The sentence of the court is that the de
fendant be imprisoned in the County Jail
of this city and county for forty days
The court— The case of W. M Fenney
for sentence.
Mr. Patterson— l have this to say in this
case: That it seemed to mo Mr Fenney
did his very best to tell the truth and he
left the stand a good deal higher in my
estimation than some others who were on
the stand, and I ask the court to be len
ient with him, and I ask the court in this
case to make no alternative, whatever
the fine may be.
The court— ln compliance with that re
quest, the sentence of the court is that
the defendant be ordered to pay a fine of
New Mining Company.
The Consolidated Odin Gravel. Mining
Company incorporated yesterday: with a
capital stock of $1,200,000. The ', directors
are M. Blaskower, ;J. Drossner, H. L
Cook, A. Heynemann and 'L, Levison. ',
. Low's i Horehound Cough Syrup for
coughs And colds; 10c. 417, Baasomo at, : •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1898.
INFANT AMBITION IS AROUSED.
What Resulted From an Advertisement for a Child
to Assist Miss Marie Wainwright,
THE GLASGOW-STREET BABY SHOW.
"Shall we forgive her?" said Mr.
Dingwall, as he emerged from the
stage entrance of the Columbia yester
day with flushed face, ruffled temper
and disordered apparel. "Not on your
life. I have had to do about every
thing that falls to the lot of a manager,
from jumping a call boy to Jumping a
hotel bill, but this is the first time I
have been obliged to act as judge in a
baby show, and it will be the last. If
Marie Wainwright wants any more in
fants to amuse herself with she will
have to obtain them by some other
agency, for I'll not stand for another
such seance. No; not if it bursts up the
show. Some people are born babies,
some acquire babies, but I have had
babies thrust upon me, and I don't
want any more of them."
"Babies are all right if one is used
to them, but I— well, I am a single man
and they are hardly in my line. They
are dear little creatures, no doubt, but
they are, let us say, uncertain, and one
never knows just how to handle them,
and the consequence is that the unex
pected will occasionally happen," and
Miss Wainwright's manager heaved a
bitter sigh of painful retrospection.
All the trouble came from a pro
tracted interview that the gentleman
had just gone through with some forty
doting mothers of various ages and
complexions, who turned up at the
Columbia yesterday morning in answer
to the following advertisement which
appeared in the morning papers: .
WANTED — A baby from six to nine months
old who will neither kick nor cry; for use
of Marie WainwriKht In "Shall We Forgive
GRAND JURY IS
A LEGAL BODY
Judge Belcher Advises
the Members in
Open Court.
Edwin Lewis May Be Indicted
for Qualifying Falsely as
a Bondsman.
The members of the Grand Jury as
sembled yesterday afternoon in Judge
Belcher's court to hear the opinion of
the Judge on the question of the legal
standing as jurors of two members of
their body. The Judge said:
You have requested my opinion as to
whether your fellow grand jurors, Ar
thur W. Spear and Arthur F. Price, are
eligible to sit in the Grand Jury and hear
and assist in the determination of all
matters that may come before that body
for consideration, and in particular,
whether they are eligible to assist in the
lindlng of indictments.
The facts are as follows: The assess
ment roll of the city and county shows
that Thomas Price & Son are assessed for
personal property upon the last assess
ment roll of the city and county of San
Francisco, and that E. S. Spear & Co. are
assessed for personal property upon the
last assessment roll of the city and coun
ty of San Francisco; and the fact is that
the juror Price is a member of the firm of
Thomas Price & Son, and the owner of
a proportion of the property of said firm,
and that the juror Spoar Is a member* of
the firm of E. S. Spear & Co., and the
owner of a proportion of the property of
the said firm. Neither of the said grand
jurors Is assessed otherwise than as a
member of his firm as aforesaid. Both of
said grand jurors are well known and
reputable citizens, in every way Qualified
under the statute to act as jurors if they
possess the property qualification. I de
sire to say to you that your Grand Jury Is
a legal body in every respect and cannot
be subject to criticism so far as its legal
standing is concerned.
The jurors had very little business
to attend to yesterday, and only one case
of any Importance came before them.
Stenographer Olsen of Judga Low's
court appeared to explain why he had
overcharged the city for official tran
scripts of evidence. In one transcript
alone the jurors found that the city
Her," at the Columbia Theater next week;
mother must apply with child at *ta*e en
trance. Columbia Theater Thursday, Febru
ary I", at 11 a. m.
The child is needed in the third act
of the play, and as there is no property
baby belonging to the show, the only
way that one could be obtained was
through the medium of the San Fran
cisco press, that is guaranteed to sup
ply almost any old— nr young — thing,
from an ancient, prehistoric man to a
brand new infant.
At the hour nanvd in the notice Mr.
Dingwall opened the door of his Office
leading on to Glasgow street, and there
was confronted by a spectacle that
caused cold chills to ■ hase one another
along his spine, while the nervous
spasms that shook his agitated frame
were punctuated by vivid blushes that,
beginning at his collar, ran up over his
bashful countpnance and lost them
selves in the glorious abundance of his
blonde locks.
The dark little street, whose quiet is
seldom disturbed, save by the fairy
footfall of some belle of the footlights
or the uncertain tread and loud, though
vain, self-communion of some belated
reveler, seemed to have been suddenly
transformed into a recreation ground
for a foundling asylum. For its entire
length of one short block it was fairly
jammed with matt-rnal femininity and
the pledges of their love.
The mothers were of all colors, char
acters and conditions, while their off
spring ranged from the pale, brownie
like little unfortunate, who seemed to
be troubled with chronic dyspepsia, to
the fat, pudgy, rollicking ray of Teha
ma-street texture, that struggled in the
browny arms of its healthy-looking
mother, and exhibited its independence
and county had been mulcted In the
sum of $10 50. the price of seventy extra
folios. Olsen'a cane was postponed un
til Monday next to enable the inquiring
body to investigate more transcripts.
J. J. Groom, representing the Na
tional Athletic- Club, laid a petition be
fore the jurors requesting them to post
pone action in tht> matter of the dis
continuance of prize fights in this city
until th«y could appoint a committee
to attend one of the contests and see
the nature of the entertainment given.
No action was taken In the matter yes
terday.
There were over a dozen Chinese wit
nesses waiting in the corridors, all of
them witnesses in the case of John
Queng vs. Lee Sam. The plaintiff is
seeking to have the defendant indicted
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Commencing Monday, PeDruary 21,
we inaugurate our initial sale of Cloth-
ing, Gents' Furnishings and Hats in our
new store. To commemorate the occa-
sion we will make reductions, unheard
of before, same to be announced in
Sunday's papers and goods displayed
in our show windows. Public goodwill
grows slowly. When secured it is a
treasure without price, to be carefully
guarded and judiciously fostered. There-
fore we keep a constant eye on goods
and prices, and see to it that prices
advertised are exactly in accordance
with facts. S. N. WOOD & CO. (Co-
lumbian Woolen Mills), 718-722 Market
street.
of spirit in howls that would have
make a circus calliope go out of busi
ness.
No sooner was the door seen to
open than a general rush to gain ad
mittance ensued, in which bonnets and
skirts were alike demolished, and
which resulted in the pavement being
strewn with fragments of milk bottles,
rubber tooth coaxers and infant un
mentionables in such confusion that it
would have taken a man with the do
mestic experience of a "Lucky" Bald
win or a "Swiftwater Bill" to have told
what had been going on.
In a second the room was filled to
suffocation, and the Bostonians, who
were rehearsing on the stage, had an
infantile chorus.
Each mother tried to be heard at
once, and a colored lady with a choco
late-colored darling became very per
sistent in disputing with a buxom
matron from Minna street.
A Chinese woman who held a mar
riage certificate, which she waved de
fiantly while pressing her claim for rec
ognition, was got rid of by being di
rected to the Alcazar, and after the
door had been, with some trouble,
closed on those still clamoring in the
street, Mr. Dlngwall mopped his brow
and started to make his selection. But
it was no use.
So he finally wrote the names of the
applicants on pieces of paper, and their
mothers drew lots for the place. The
winner was hired at a salary of $10 a
week.
The name of the lucky baby will not
be made public until the first night of
the performance, as something might
happen in the meantime to prevent its
appearance.
for perjury said to have been commit
ted in a civil action in 1895. Lee Sam
has been three times arrested and dis
charged for this same perjury, and a
case is still pending against him in
Judge Carroll Cook's court.
Edwin Lewis, who qualified as a
bondsman in a case before Judge Car
roll Cook, was before the jurors on a
charge of having, falsely sworn that he
was the owner of real estate. Bond
Clerk Newman gave evidence at yester
day's session that Lewis owned no
property of any value, and had com
mitted perjury when he qualified as a
bondsman. The Grand Jury has not
as yet Indicted Lewis. It is waiting for
Judge Cook to appear before it and
give testimony as to the affidavit
which Lewis made before him.
V: ' '{. - .. : :- .... '-■■ . .., v ADVEBTISEMENTS. r ;- - .. , ' • " -.' .., -
• « 88 88 88 88 82 82 88 88 88 88 82 82 88 82 82 82 B«S2 88 88 82 8S 88 88 88 82 88 82 88 82 82*82 88 88. •
i il| REDUCTION ft* f
I / I SALE / I s
ILm I SPECIALS ! L* 1 I
85 • : ' "' -'• •-•/ ' "•'?.' - ; 2
88 ■ - ■ ■ :—:: — : " :—.....: — ... .. ./■■• :■.■•- -:. 2° :
88 We begin the fifth day of our Great Reduction Sale %
88 with a series of REDUCTIONS THAT POSITIVELY NO a
88 ONE CAN AFFORD TO MISS PROFITING BY, and we |:
.-g append a few examples of them to Illustrate the
I Unparalleled Money-Saving Opportunity Presented ! 1
28 ■■■■-'•" r - '• •• — ■ • "'•.'■■^
I DOMESTICS AND HOUSE-FURNISHINGS. a
88 fa 6 cases LONSDALE MUSLIN, yard wide, regular price 8 l-3c, at 6c.
*J 25C 6 bales COMFORTERS . regular price 60c, at 25c. g8
SS cn c 6 bales HEAVY COMFORTERS, regular price 90c, at 50c. S
n Wfc. SS
» 75C. 5 baleS HEAVY COMFORTERS, white filling, regular price $1 15, at 75c. 88
SS 4c. I case UNBLEACHED CANTON FLANNEL, regular price 6Vic at 4c. S;
m -'^C 2 cases HEAVY UNBLEACHED CANTON FLANNEL, regular price **
SS c> 50 pieces HEAVY TENNIS FLANNEL, regular price 6 2-3 c, at sc. 88
fa 100 pieces BEST GRADE FLANNELETTE, regular price 10c, now 7c. |[.
SS 50C. 10 dozeh BLACK .SATEEN SKIRTS, with colored embroidered « .
c« OV\tm flounces, regular price $1 00, at 50c. j,
o» . . . — ■ ■ . SS
•; LADIES' GOWNS AND CHEMISES. , -. *
J« r LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, tucked yoke, lined back, neck and sleeves ? M
S3 OtJt. finished with cambric ruffle, regular price 60c, will be placed on sale
25 at 35c. ' 88
js? 75 r LADIES' HEAVY MUSLIN GOWNS,, lined back, yoke of tucks and 88
! r,-- •« J *» insertion, neck and sleeves trimmed to match, regular price $1 00 will a*
•5 be placed on sale at 75c. SK*59&-". '••'-■;- " . *° •
88 ffl Art LADIES' FINE MUSLIN AND CAMBRIC NIGHT GOWNS yoke of '^
c. *I.VW. insertion and embroidery, also the "Empire Style," regular price $1 50 *' 85
jT; will be placed on sale at $1 00. • ' 2.1
'*° 17 AA LADIES' FINE CAMBRIC GOWNS, yoke of fine nainsook embroidery o,
88 **»vv. finished with edge of embroidery, regular price $2 50, will be placed on * 8
55 ' sale at $2 00. : . - . ■ - r r >■;: . 83
2* V) sfl LADIES' FINE CAMBRIC GOWNS, yoke of nainsook insertion, fin- 88
•5 QL.OV. i hed with cascade of embroidery, regular price $3 25, will be offered r.
88 : at 5250.,.-' - "•-'■'••.; ♦S..
88 ?C r LADIES' CHEMISES, made of good quality muslin, yoke of insertion, &
oj *'«'•'• will be placed on special sale at 25c. '■- ■: 88
o. cn r - LADIES' CAMBRIC CHEMISES, yoke of lace, regular price $1 00, will 88
•3 iTVU be placed on sale at 50c. .. 'J's ■ ". . / c*
1 LADIES' JACKETS. V I
88 5? «ifl LADIES' TWO-TONE ASTRAKHAN CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts. 88 "
fi.«;v. star collar, silk core ornament in front, our regular $6 00 garment, ;on «
*° . special sale to-day at $2 50. •', : , , - V - ' !; ',
■' ; SPECIAL NOTICE. i
88 Entire stock of Ladies' Serge, Crepon, Figured Mohair and Brocaded Satin SS
og. Dress Skirts marked down to closing out prices. - r f ' 88
g SPECIAL KID GLOVES. »
| £ 7C LADIES' GENUINE KID GLOVES, black and colored (odd sizes), ™
, •o. •««». slightly imperfect, regular price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c a pair. ,**
ss- — — : — ■ . ■ 88
g-. MEN'S FURNISHINGS. f
og c« 25 dozen MEN'S LAUNDRIED SHIRTS, with fancy percale bosoms 88
«WW. and reversible. link cuffs; also golf shirts, regularly sold at $1 00, will be c*
•3" closed out at 50c each. • . . • *5
88 AC r 20 dozen MEN'S UNDYED WOOL AND CAMEL'S HAIR UNDER- 88
gg *>C. SHIRTS AND DRAWERS (odd sizes), extra value ; for $1 00, will be 2*
_- closed out at 45c each. ; ; . ' • ■ ' "°
88 - ■ • • ================= - 88
o* W^* PURSES AND SATCHELS MARKED DOWN TO HALF PRICE. 188I 88
"v- See Chronicle and Examiner for Additional Reductions. 88
SSfi-%.; — — . . 88
88 ' ' " ■ " i?^;"J' '§5
88 \/\f Murphyßulldingr, i {/if' Murphy Building, "^A./. 88
I Market and Jones Streets. Market ana Jones Streets. \
SsS SS SS 88 SS SS SS SS SS SS SS SS S3 88 88 SS 88282 II Titian %'Q
REMEMBER
That the 20 Per Cent Discount
Clearance
SALE
ART GOODS
S. & G. GUMP'S,
113 GEARY STREET,
Closes Positively on February
28, 1898.
TOE
WEEKLY
GfILL
' It Publish^ the Cream of the
I News or the Week and '
! MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
1 ORIGINAL FEATURES;
,' IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
1 ?V PAPER ON TH6
! PACIFIC COAST
I : The Bast \ ; / Mining
I Telegraphic \X News Thai
Service on /V Is Accurst-
The Coast / : \& up to da
! ' Not a Line of it Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line of
1 it Dry or Uninteresting.
Bright, Clean, A Champ od of
I 1.-: 1 Thoughtful. Truth.
1 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
! ALL THE TIME.
IIT ADVOCATES I SENT BY '.
I HOME .. . MAIL, $1.30
, WWJSTRIES 1 AYtAt
II Philadelphia
Shoe CO. Wo. 10 Third St.
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF UCfliT
■ ' ' mSt K rJA~&&3ml &
» THE COMPOSITE SHOE. »
« Is the best ever made for a woman at *•<
Z\ ~ $3. • ' We ; want you to see It. for we'«
W guarantee It and the ' money ■ will be Cj
fi • returned ; if : the shoes ■ are • not right. , Q.
>^ The • Composite Shoe - . combines . style. >•<
0 durability, comfort, neatness and ' ele- " *"*
». gance. They are made In laced only, £
O of a fine . vlci kid, with new ' coin toes w
« and- kid tips. The soles are .hand "
fT. welted, are cork ? filled, , making them ££
Q damp-proof, and are free from tacks or Zz
w threads. - They are made by Pingree &W
w Smith, j The price, $3, all widths : and £
a ■«««. £
S KLONDIKE FOOTWEAR »
~ A SPECIALTY. 0
« «
13 Country orders 111 iVTnf*mfHfiT
ifT Send : for New Illustrated < Catalogue. .- &
O Address • w
» B. katchinski, .g
** PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., $
a 10 Third St.. San Francisco. n
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is .' a powerful - phrou.siac and specific - tonic
for i the 2 sexual • and urinary - organs Jof • both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases Of tha
kidneys r and bladder. A r great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine.. ■-'- Sells on its own
1 Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NADER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents. ••
I 2£3 Market Street. 3. . F.— (Send • for Circular.)
Tr7mWulty.
: n*mt Tjcix-xwoww AND RKLTABt-E or.i>
" J/Sp«-iallstci/re* I'rtvate.Nervous.HlfKKiaiidSkln
Diaeiispsof Memuify, Manly Power restore<l. Over
20years' experience. Send for Book, free.. Patients
cured at lloraf Terms reasonable. Hour*. 9 to 3
* dally ; 8:30 ti> 8.30 cv'ks. Naiidays, 10 to 12. . Consulta-
' don free and sacredly confidential Call or address .
. P. ROSCOE JIe.IiIJI.TT, 91.' D.,
afi'-j Keavn.r Mlrrol Sao I'ranrlMu. <'al
""NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY 'PUBLIC
MAKKET ST., OPP. V, PAI^ACB
DOO Hotel. , Telephone ; 670. RMldenM ;MM
Valencia street. Telephone. "C'hurclj 1 ' U.
■ V^DB«EY,SrRONG&Cb;^V
fa a
. Vi^330 MARKET ST.aF.NSI^