V >LUME LXXXVII— NO* 25.
REPORTED ALLIANCE OF
ENGLAND AND TURKEY
Great Britain Said to Have Made
Concessions to the Sultan,
Obtains an Authorization to Send Regular
Egyptian Troops for Service in
South Africa.
DPRIS, Dec. 25.— The Figaro this morning pub
lishes tr;e following dispatch fron) Constanti
nople:
"The Embassador of England was received
in private audience by the Sultan yesterday.
The Embassador can)e to obtain the authoriza
tion of the Sultan for tt)« sending of Egyptian
regular troops to the Transvaal.
"The outcome of ttys interview rjas been an
Anglo-TurKish alliance, and important compen
sations were accorded by England."
LONDON. Dae 3.— Christmas mom-
Ir.g brings no fresh news from the
*<eat of war. While the position Is
J_^ somewhat In the nature of a dead-
lock, each •■c.mbatiir.t watching the |
other, to say that the military situation !
Is unchanged would perhaps be hardly \
correct. When opposing forces remain j
facing one another for any length of time >
r«u«« which mill ultimate f- !rad to vic
tory or defeat, advancement or retirement |
will b* all the while at work.
So 'ay by day General Buller at
Chtev* and General Methuen, on the
M<"»4dT River, are receiving reinforce
ments. On the other hand, the Boers are,
bnth on the Tugrla River and at Magers
fontein. continually extending and in- '
creasing the Ftrongth of their Intrench
metita
Neither tide probably will venture any I
Immolate forward movement. To-day '
there will in &Jl probability be a truce, i
formal or informal, between the two foes.
The Puke of Oonnaught has again suf- |
f*r*d disappointment. He repeated his j
former request to be allowed to go to the i
front, but the Government deemed it In- '
expedient to assent tr» the request. Hi-
Royal liljchnef-ft thereupon offered his i«er- ,
vfoM to Lord setts as Maff officer, but :
while the latter was ready to avail hlm
h»'\t nf *uch devoted co-operation the CJov- \
eminent felt bound to adhere to Us dccl- '
•lon.
Here In L#cndon th» feeling as to the I
outlook Is very hopeful. I met yesterday
■ South African millionaire, who. when I •
faw him some time .-.: was very gloomy,
but Is now very cheerful. As to the causa ;
of the change he said:
"To my mind the Fituation In South :
Africa, has aitere<l entirely for th«i bettor.
One man who has gone cut with lx>rd
Roberta Is a power In himself. I mtan i
Colonel Henderson, who wrote that stand- i
erd work upon Stonewall Jackson. He j
ha* mad« a study of th*- tactics of Jack- j
■en, which were pimply marvelous, anil |
his experiences in the Civil War of I
America will stand Roberts in good stead.
It Is the science of harassing the enemy's ■
communications with Irregular cavalry.
"England has paid very dearly In order
to know how to fight the Boers, but it is
felt in England to-day, amid all our re
verses, that the Boers are going to pay
very dearly for the'.r Christmas festivi
ties.
"What pleases those like myself, who
know the inner workings and ways of the
Boers. Is the sight of Dr. I^eyds throwing
out feelers to France. In that action we
fee direct signs of weakness. It shown
that the Boers have had enough and that
they are beginning to feel the stress of
war When I last saw you I looked upon
the situation In a very serious light and
was prepared to sell my large mining in
terests. To-day I would not sell a share.
"Another pirn of the beginning of the
end is General Cronje's eudden rudeness
to General Metheun. after a period of con
siderable politeness. From this It is ap
parent that th« victory at the Boer* at
Ma^ersfonteln was of such a nature that
they would not like to have It repeated.
"There is not the slightest doubt but
that the Boer* IN tiring of tho war; that
grave dissensions exist between the
Transvaalers and th«» Fr<*« Staters, due
to the former accusing the latter of cow
ardice; that Is many districts of both re
publics crops ar*» absolutely rotting, and
that a state of seml-starvatlon exists
throughout both countries.
"It is a fart that the Boers are horribly
6!* appointed with the war. but still more
dissatisfied with the attitude of England
nnd the lack of support by the opposition
party in this country; In the Initial part
of the war the B.oers felt certain that
they would win. and so they did. They
based all their hones on England giving
In. and by means of ■ 'jn!ck campaign
gaining something like their own terms.
"England's united attitude to-day has
completely disconcerted the Boers. In the
huge reinforcements which England Is
row sending out they see the very death
Mow of their ambitions. Taking th© situa
tion all around It is much Improved.
Very shortly tl>* Boers will feel Great
Britain's might, and Dr. Leyds will have
quite a fresh proposal of peace."
SHARP FIRING HEARD
AROUND LADYSMITH
TFrorlal nblr to tb* New Ti.rk Herald. Cory
rSffht. IBM. br Jim» Gordon H-nr.«M 11*.
DUbUratlon at lhi» <SJ*t-«.tch U prohlblt^J.
All rief-U re»wved In the United States and
Great Britain.]
LONDON. Dec. 25.— These advices from
its special correspondent are published in
the Daily Telegraph: A".
CHIEVELY AMI' Monday. Dec 18.—
Sharp flrlijc was heard In the direction
ft Ladysmlth this morning. The sounds
cJ Boer Maxim and Nord«nfeldt guns in
The San Francisco Call
dlcated that a flght was occurring near
the town. It w«.« probably another sortie.
Our tut* r!r< '. ■ leu rounds
of lyddite shells in* r trenches
near <'r»!«»nsn.
General Schalkburger told Major
Wright, while out with a burial party,
that the Boers would tight to the end, but
knew that England must ultimately win.
Another Boor said that the war would
last for three years. The Boers had spent
great labor In their defensive works' Be
sides constructing rows of trenches upon
The flats on both sides ■•' the river, they
had over the width of nearly 500 yards
placed a most complicated barbed wire
entanglement, and wires also were con
cealed under the water at the river fords.
ERIN'S SONS ORGANIZE
TO ASSIST THE BOERS
OMAHA. Dec. 24.— The Bee will say to
morrow: There Is Fomethlnp more than
a likelihood that the pro-Boer agitation,
now so general throuphout the I'nlted
States, will lead to the resuscitation of
the once celebrated organization amonff
Irish-Americans known as the Fenians,
which planned and executed an Invasion
of Canada In IW. out of hatred of Eng
land because of the imagi that for sev
eral hundred years had been inflicted upon
Ireland. Intimations have reached. Omaha
from other cities that an address railing
for a renewal of the Fenian organization
and the Olnn-na-Gael had been sent out
from this city to enthusiastic Irish-Ameri
cans In other places; but Inquiry amonß
prominent Irishmen failed to disclose the
identity of any persons who may have
pent out such an address. As far as could
be learned there are no organized
branches of the societies named in this
city, although there are some men in
Omaha who were proud of their member
ship in the Fenian organization.
Inquiry, however, did develop the fact
that there Is some sort of a secret move
ment on foot among the Irish enthusiasts
In this and neighboring cities which has
for its object some decisive steps of a
more belligerent .character toward Eng
land than a simple declaration of sym
pathy for the Boers far away in South
Africa. The movement here will be In
augurated by a meeting to be held next
<"->nt!nu«d on S«»»-on<l Vast.
CHRISTMAS DAY AMONG THE WHALING
FLEET IMPRISONED IN THE ARCTIC
A CHRISTMAS day in the frozen North Is an occasion that brines a man
awfully doM to the Eternal," said Captain B. Cogan of the whaling
bark Alaska yesterday. "The sh!p la frozen In and as far as the eye can
• reach there is nothing to be seen but an expanse of ice and snow. The sun
has cone and the only light is the Aurora Borealis. It throws a bewitching
light on hummack and stranded iceberg, while the imprisoned whalers stand
out boldly against the Arctic sky. Suddenly a sailor appears on the forecastle
head of one of the) vessels, and In a rich barytone, made. doubly pleasing by the
distance, he says, 'Glory to God in the highest, and peace on earth, good will
toward men. from Heaven's all-gracloua King.' In ■ few moments every man
In the •••! is on deck and there Is none but what bows his head during the sing
ing of that Christmas carol. :;\ : •
"As for me. I saw the plains of Bethlehem, the.sheperds keeping watch over
their flocks by night, the angels In the Heavens, saying 'For unto you Is born
this day In the city of David a Savior who is Christ the Lord,' the multitude
of the heavenly host praising God, and then again our Christmas carol, led by
tho singer on the Grampus, gave 'us 'Glory to God in the highest.' It was the
most inspiring -scene: I have ever witnessed." < •";.»-
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1899.
DEATH GARNERS NEW VICTIMS
ON THE HUNTINGTON ROAD
Two Persons Killed, Three Fatally Maimed and
Five Seriously Injured in a Rail
Disaster at Pomona.
POMONA, Dec. 24.— Amid a crunching I
of wheels, a splintering of wood
work, a hissing of steam and a gen
em] smashing of Iron, glass .nd j
rails, the Riverside accommodation
on the Southern Pacific Railroad In
this city, ran off the track at 6:30 this
evening. Two people were killed out- .
right, three will no doubt die before to
morrow morning and five more are seri- ,
ously injured. The train consisted of lo
comotive, baggage car and two passenger
cars. All tut the last passenger car Is
a complete wreck. The loss of property
is probably $20,000.
The train left Los Angeles at 5:30 with
both passenger cars full of people who
• had been attending a baseball game in.
Los Angeles and others who were goTg
to spend Christmas with friends and rela
tives. Many carried packages of Christ
mas gifts. The train wen^ over Covlna
, branch, passed Lordsburg on time and
started southeast toward Pomona. There
ls < a heavy grade between Pomona and
Lordsburg and where the Covlna branch
meets the main track of the Southern Pa
cific route between Los Angeles and Yuma
■ there Is a sharp curve. This Is close to
Rebecca street In Pomona. The train
sped swiftly down the grade toward Po
mona. Just as the locomotive began to
round the curve It left the track and amid
the roar, crash of Iron and wood rolled
twenty feet to the side of the Hack. In©
baggage car went smashing to the oppo
site side and lies there with bot
tom up and the roof torn away. The first
passenger car was even more completely
wrecked and lies with the wheels tern
1 away. sldo3 stove In, roof gone, and
scarcely one whole timber left In the
j wreck. It is wonderful that any one es
caped from It alive. The second passen-
I ger car left the track, but no one In It was
■ seriously h;>rt.
The accident occurred Just as the Pomo
na people were starting out to attend
Sunday and Christmas eve services. The
noise of the smashing and crashing was
heard a long distance away and every one
knew what it meant. In a very short time
hundreds of people gathered at the scene
of the wreck and in the early darkness
; the dead and Injured were taken from the
mass of broken iron and splintered tim
bers. Every doctor in Pomona was called
i and people ran to get conveyances for the
I dead and injured. James Coyle offered
1 Jhe use of his Pacific Hotel to any and all
ii 1 the wreck, and thither the bleeding
an.l maimed passengers were speei-ly
i taken.
ELIXIR OF LIFE SAID TO
HAVE BEEN DISCOVERED
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.- The Sun has
the following from London: The
Paris correspondent of the Morn
ing Post describes one of the great
est discoveries of modern science.
which has Just been made at the
Pasteur Institute. He says Professor
Metchnikoff Is engaged In tseeklng ac- |
curate doses of a series of lymphs, each ,
of which will rejuvenate a particular organ
of the human body. The professor. objects
to premature publicity, and insisted that !
the correspondent would say only that he :
had hope, but the explanation discovery
may be taken to show that the main prob- i
lem has been solved. The correspondent !
says:
"Professor MetehnlkofTs experiments i
show that the explanation of senile
atrophy has hitherto been erroneous. The
theory was that certain blood cells de- '
KILLED,
Unknown woman, supposed to
be Shankler or Bhanklln.
FATALLY INJURED.
LTMAN WHITE of Colton. skull
fractured.
SERIOUSLY INJURED.
DAVID JOHNSON, engineer,
badly cut and Internally injured.
WILLIAM SCOTT of San Bei
nardlno.
AUGUST L.AFARDIE of Nortn
• Miramor.ga.
MII.TON MONROE of Monrovia,
two compound fractures.
L. E. KIFTER. brakeman. shoul
der broken.
E. H. McCLUNQ of Crafton,
badly bruised.
FRANK DONNATIN, station
agent at Monrovia.
LESSER INJURIES.
Engineer Evans of Colton. shoul
der broken; A. M. Thomas of Los
Anpelos, nnkle broken; J. A. White
of Los Angeles, injury to hea-1;
'.■ re ]>'>naldson, chest; D.
Mitchell of Redlands, back;
Randall of San Bernardino, cuU;
Mr?. J. Stolz of Oilno; Gam
pon of Covlna; Itooroe Thurnnn
of Pomona, arm broken; Mo-
Clure of Ix>s Angeles; Henry Mon
ahan of Chlno.
There were many pitiful scenes at the.
scene of the disaster. Women rushed '
about frantically calling for tusbands and
children who were supposed to be among '
the dead and Injured. Some men and
women were pinned In cars by broken '
seats and shattered floor timbers so that i
they were 'earful they would not be res
cued alive. A dozen women were taken
out of the cars with bleeding faces and
clothes bedaubed with blood. From the I
wreck of the hissing locomotive Engineer '
David Johnson was taken out almost dead,
with gashes about hi;- scalp and his chest :
crushed. Fireman White of Redlands was
found beneath the wreck of the bpggago
car with his face so badly torn as to be
scarcely recognizable." He is at the Po- |
voured others and the vital functions be
gan to weaken. The organic poisons
thrown off readily In youth were believed
to remain In the system In old age, or. at
least, be less energetically ejected. The?*
poisoned the finer cells, while without ac
tion on those of conjunctive tissues. The •
| noble cells died, became the prey of
, other of plebeian cells, thus bringing
atrophy to the organ where the metamor-
p hosis occurred. Professor Metchnlkoff ■
has proved conclusively that the noble '
cells are not dead In organs atrophied by
senility.
"Moreover, they may be multiplied. If
assisted In' their struggle with plebeian
cells they contin- ■ to live actively as in
> youth, and. theoretically, the organism
, will cease to crow old and life bo pro
| longed. Professor Metchnikoff has found
1 means of affording this resistance, and
The crews of four steam whalers and one "wind jammer" will celebrate
Christmas day off the mouth of the McKcnzie River this year. The steamers
are the Narwhal, Balaena. Grampus and FearK.ss. The first three belong to
tho I'a<in> St. am Whaling Company's fleet, while the Fearless is owned and
commanded by Captain James McKcnna. He has had a most remarkable run
of bad luck and when last heard from the vtMl was still "clean." McKenna
has a host of friends In San Francisco, and many of them will waft him a wish
for good luck and good cheer on Christmas d:iy. With Captain McKcnna are
William Mogs, first mate; George W. Bdson, s. cond mate; Juhn 8. Lucas, third
mate; William Starr fourth mate; Theodor l'ederson. Harry Slate, Stephen Pena
and Frank Bau-r. boatst«er«n; Charles Aske. steward; K. Laise, chief engineer-
C. Hedman, assistant engineer. O. L. Frcdrickson and J. Lwvls, firemen and
Fred Wilks. carpenter.
All the vessels now In the Arctic- left here in March and April of this year
By wintering off the mouth of thp McK< Mta Klver they will be able to take
advantage of the breaking up of the ice at the earliest moment, and by belnir
on the spot will gain nearly a month over the vessels that will leave her© In thf«
spring. The Balaena, Grampus. Narwhal and FearlcJs will return to San
Francisco sometime in October or November. 1900.
mona City Fire Hall, where he la not ex
pected to survive the night.
George Robinson was found beneath the
wreckage of car seats and glass and Is
very seriously injured internally. Pinned
dose to the floor of the first passenger car
\v;is found the body of a well-dressed
young woman, who. It is believed. Is a
schoolteacher at Chlno, San Bernardino
County. Her face is crushed out of all
semblance and her feet have been made
Fhapelesh. A young man who was taking
to his home a large package of toys and
Christmas books was found near by dead
from a weight of iron across his shoul
ders.
Edward Stokes of Riverside was found
unconscious and Buffering with chest ,
wounds, and across him lay William
Scott, a colored man from Fresno, who
has since revived and will probably re
cover. Milton Monroe, the train brake
man, who lives at Monrovia, crawled out
of a hole in the car roof and is suffering
from a compound fracture of the shoulder
and concussion of the skull.
Miss Emm;i Price, who lives on Flgue
roa, street, I>os Angeles, was found uncon
scious and bleeding among broken seats
in the first passenger car. Men with axes
cut away the timber which held her down
and she was taken away to a friend's
house, where she recovered. Her uncle,
who was on the train with her. has not
yet been found. A. M. Tones of Redlands
got out with a crushed foot and a dis
located shoulder. Two men whose names
cannot be ascertained were found in a
heap near the ruined baggage car. How
they got there is a mystery.
In the Pacific Hotel are fourteen Injured
people, All the Pomona doctors are there
and scores of other people are In and
■boot the hotel rooms and halls rendering
help to the dead and dying.
Conductor Fitzgerald, who escaped all
injury, says that a wheel probably broke
just as the locomotive began rounding the
curve. Other people say that the air
brakes would not work and that the engi
neer could not check the speed sufficiently
for the curve.
I.yman D. Westfall. one of the passen
gers who escaped uninjured. says«the ac
cident came as quick as a flash and that
no one had time to prepare for the wreck.
He snys that all at once the passengers
felt a lurch to one side, then In a roar and
smash the cars went off Into the
ground at the side of the track. A special
train sent from Los Angeles to carry the
Injured and dead to their homes reached
Pomona at 10 o'clock.
the resvltfl already obtained are extraor
dinary-
"The discovery was made In the follow
ing manner: M. Bordet. one of the. pro
fessor's pupils, published the results of a
curious experiment, which consisted. of in
jecting the blood of a rabbit Into a guinea
pig. Later .he injected the blood of this
guinea pip Into the rabbit, and the latter
died. Professor Metchnikoff sought the
causes of the phenomenon, and soon was
l convinced that the blood of a guinea jug
Injected Into a rabbit or other vertebrate
I animal elaborates the poison that weak-
I ens the red globules of the blood and
makes them the prey of phagocytes.
"Starting from the fact that poison
elaborated In a guinea pig is fatal ;n; n
large doses, he argued that action in
small doses must be stimulating. On this
la based the action of all medicines, such
1 as strychnine and arsenic.
DESPERATE FIGHT WITH
A SUSPECTED MURDERER
H, J. Hannan,Wanted in the East,
Arrested by Local Police.
When Apprehended He Fought Frantically
With the Officers of the Law
for His Liberty.
DOPE FIEND WANTED FOR AN EASTERN MURDER.
A MAN whom the police dHlpvp to be
H. J. Hannnn, wanted In "treenß
bur»j. Pa , for murder, was arrest
rd farly yesterday mornlnK in the
Intornatlonal ll^tol. Waabtngtdfi
and Kearny streets, by Detectives
Reynolds and Gibson and Policeman
Ahem. He was locked up In the tanks at
the City Prison. He made a desperate
struggle for his liberty, and when he was
overpowered ho attempted to brlba the
officers. The man claims to be a plumber,
and professes to have do knowledge, of
the crime for which he has been arrested.
He will not admit that his name Is ll.m
nan, and he positively declines to discuss
the affair. • • '■■ '
llannan Ifl wanted for the murder of his
partner. John '"ralg. a member of a prr.m-
Inent Johnstown family. 'Die Phi
police have wlr I to ChW !.<■<•-; t.> hold
the prisoner, and have notified him that
an officer from there will lea',
for this city.
on Wednesday last Chief Lees received
a dispatch fron
tendent of police of Pittsburgh
asked him to arrest llannan. .1
detailed de.>crlptii>n of him. T;
also stated that llannan s WUt ha<l left
for this city, and would arrive either on
Friday night or . aturday im ruin^. No
details of the murder were given.
The Chief detailed Itcynolds and Gibson
on the case, and they gut Policeman
Ahem to help them. The trains wcro
watched, ana a woman answering .Mr.-,
liannan's • description arrived Saturday
afternoon on the overland. The otnc«ra
kepi track of her. and followed her to
the International Hotel. She asked the
clerk if her husband. -Mr. Paul, wan stop
ping mere, and showed much disappoint
ment when she learned that nothing was
known about him. She registered an
"Mrs. Elizabeth Paul, Pitta burg."
A careful watch was kept by the offi
cers lor any one calling to see her. and
shortly beiure 1 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing live men went to the hotel entrance
and one walked in and went up to the
clerk. He looked over the register and
asking for a card wrote on It, "Lizzie,
come down: 1 want to see you." signing
it "J. 11." Reynolds stepped up to him
and asked him what he had written. Ills
reply -was more forcible than polite, and
Reynolds taking him aside pulled out his
handcuffs. Hannas showed tight, and
grabbing the "bracelets" locked them and
made .1 break for the stairs leading to the
ladles* apartments. Reynolds grabbed him
as he ran. and Hannan placing his knee
against Reynolds' breast tried to force
him backward. As they struggled several
HAY ASKS ENGLAND
FOR AN EXPLANATION
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— A special to the «
Herald from Washington says: Secretary
of State Hay will have a thorough Inves
tigation made of the reported seizure by
British cruisers of several cargoes of ;
American flour off Dclagoa Bay, South
Africa. Instructions have been sent to
the American Consul at Lourenzo Mar
ques, Portuguese South Africa, directing ;
him to make a thorough inquiry and da
everything in his power to prevent illegal
Interference with American commerce by ,
either belllgcrant.
Embassador Choatc has also been In
structed to make inquiries in London and
to make such representations to the Brit
ish Foreign Office as the facts in the case
may justify. ....
What action will be finally taken by r he
Government will depend on what Is ie
vealed by the inquiries. The reports :liat
reach Washington are unofficial and vt-ry
meager. They indicate that the British
Foreign Office acted on the theory tnat
the flour was destined for the Boer army,
but they don't Indicate what evidence the
British naval commanders had to justify
them In reaching that conclusion.
It la contended by the legal representa
tive of the American shippers that the '
flour was shipped to bona fide purchasers j
In Portuguese territory, and that the !
shippers had no knowledge of any ulte-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
attaches of the hotel went to the officer*
assistance and Hannan \%.u aooa over
puvn-rt-fl and handcuffed.
II- asked to epeak to Reynolds quietly,
and when they were alone ne eald: "You
don't blam» me for trying to get away.
My father is .1 rich man. and it you let
me go free there is •. 16U In It for you and
never a word will be xaid ut»>iu It." Rey
nolds *ml Iril and marched him out of tha
hotel. He begged to be allowed to nee his
wife, but the privilege was not granted.
\\ hen searched at the City Prison a box
of opium was found In lm pocket, and
he admitted he was a slave to th« drug
and had a. pipe worth $•>' In his room ac
514 Pino str« et. where he had been living.
He asked the officers to get. the pipe and
his valise, for him. but when they went 10
his room yesterday there was nothing be
longing to him in It. At the prison soma
one mentioned that he was wanted' for
murder and he remarked, "If I did kill a
man 1 was out of my head."
When seen In the prison yesterday Han
nan refused positively to make a state
ment about the murder, saying he knew
his own business. Ho said he was a
plumber and since being here had dono
odd jobs about hotels. He had a brother,
a doctor in Plttsburn. and another
brother, a druggist.
11. J. Hannan or John Hannan Is want
ed In (Jreensihurg. Westmoreland County,
thirty-one miles east of Pittsburg. for :ha
killing of ills former partner. John Craig.
According to the statements of Superin
tendent of Detectives .'O'Mara. Hannan
and Craig were "shell men" and- worked
nil the county fairs and large gatherings
In the vicinity of Httsburg. They struck;
a harvest at Altoona. but had a dispute
about the division of the aoolls. Hot
words were exchanged but the men did
not come to blows. Three days later the
two men met on Main street. Oreensnurs.
during the Westmoreland County Cen»en
nlal. This was some months ago. Tnera
the quarr-1 was renewed and they cama
to blown. Hannnn pulled a revolver and
shot Craig In the abdomen. Craig wan
brought to his home In Pittsburg. whfro
he died three days later. In the excite
ment llnnnan escaped, but an accomplice
was arr»»strd. He was another - m-mt.»-r
of the fraternity and CraJg would not say
that he had anything to do with the
shooting. Craig was a member of a
prominent family In Johnstown, which
will likely rush the case against llannan.
"Mrs. t'aul" was s»-en last evening at
her rooms in the International Hotel, but
■be would not talk of the man's arrest.
She would not state that he is her hus
band and In speaking of him she refened
to him only as "my man."
"I know nothing about any murder,"
she said. "My man Is not mixed up In
any such trouble. I think th« police nay«
made a mistake and taken In the wring
party. You see I am not worried over too
matter In the least."
rior destination.
If It can be shown that the flour was
shipped from the United States for the
♦•xpress purpose of being forwarded from
Dt-lagoa Bay into the Transvaal It will
bo held by the British Government that
the shipment was technically under In
ternational law a continuous voynge. and
that that flour was a* clearly Uabl* to
seizure as If It had been In transit to the*
Transvaal.
This doctrine of continuous voyage was
adhered to very strongly by the United
States Has the Civil war. The most
celebrated case under It was that of the
British ship Springbok, which nailed from
a British port for Nassau, another British
port, with Roods Intend* I to be r.>*hipp*<i
from that port In nnother vessel and car
ried Into the confederacy.
The Springbok was captured befora
reaching Nassau, and was takf-n to New
York, where she was adjudged a lawful
prize and her cargo was condemned. This
decision was upheld by the Supreme Court
of tho United States.
"It In true." said 9. O. Hopkins, of th«
law firm of Hopkins &• Hopkins, when I
Inquired regarding the case, "that wo
have as counsel for Messrs. Flint. Eddy
& Co.. 'made certain representations to th»
department of State as a result of ib«
Mashona and Maria Incidents.2
DUTCH TO BE HERDED
AS RECONCENTRADOS
General Gatacre Issues an Order Affecting Col
onists in British South Africa.
CAPETOWN. Dec. IS— General Gat
aere. in order to check insurrection
amonj? the Hutch colonists and in
order to prevent disinterested peo
ple giving information or other n.«
t>l.«tance to the Boers, has issued a modi
fed rcconccntrado order. By Its terms all
males over 12 years of aco. of whatever
nationality, residing outside of towns or
village*, but within a radlut» of twelve
miles of military camps now established
ct hereafter to be established north of
Sterkstrom. are required immediately to
vacate their places of residence and either
to remove to some place outside th*»
twelve-mile radius or to form ■ camp in
rlone proximity to the ne.ar.-st military
camp — the rpot to be selected by the ofli
cer commanding— where they must reside
until further notice, providing for their
own needs. All persons found within th:.
radius without passes will be arrested.
Advices from Colesburgr assert that not
many colonial Dutch have Joined the
Hoers in that district.
TRUCE BEING KEPT
ON CHRISTMAS DAY
LONDON, Dec. S.— The War Office ha*
received a cablegram from General For
estler-Walker. dated aX Cape Town yc-a
terday. eayir.g:
• Have no further r.cws of the general
Htuatlon."
It may almost be safely predicted that
nothing will occur to-day. A truce, either
formal or Informal, is being kept for the
observance of Christmas by the opposing
forces.
The Morning Post's correspondent at
Chieveley. telegraphing on Monday. De
cember 3S. and confirming intelligence al
ready cabled, say*:
"At dawn to-day the column struck
camp and formed a new one. three miles
to the south, owing to the scarcity of
water."
A dlspn^eh from Modeler River. dated
December IS. says:
"The Boers continue extending thtir
trenches. They now have nearly twenty
miles of entrenched works due north of
the British camp, which also Is an ad
mirable portion for drfensp. as the sur
rounding country is perfectly level. The
Boer:- moreover, are compelled to keep a
force estimated at 20,0>3 In order to con
tain the British column. A large number
of Liord M»-thi.' wounded have, recov
ered and v ready to resume their places
Jn the rank*."
A dispatch to the Pally New» from
Modi! «-mber I^. says:
"We are now waiting until England
»hall have realized the actual facts. It
has to be admitted that, man to man. we
have found ocrselvea pretty well matched.
l>ut the BOOT have ■..■!• the choice of
positions. Let Kngland then become alive
to the need for a further 100.000 men. Such
a. force will prove the truest economy In
both blood and treasure."
Amotiß ;nin<.r It Is anr.
that •
I
been expected t Croa Homliay to
■
caval '
■
It Is remarked that the Fice State Is
about to rrove the peat of government
from Hloemfontoln to Wlnburg. the for
mer belrir indefensible.
Dr. Ley 4s. who has been again Inter
viewed, asserts that the Boers have ample
arms and ammunition, declaring that they
have Mausers enough to give each bur
ther two tmi an equal number of Mar
tlnl-Henrya-
The mornlnß , f-rltlclxlnjr tne
fa'-t that - r <harles Warrer'a
ffth diviMnr. is t- Ins atlltaed to re:
ng concen
trat.-<1 at once.
TRANSVAAL WAR AIDS .
THE CAUSE OF SILVER
CHICAGO. Dee. 24.— "1f the war In the
Transvaal continues for two or three
months longer, the cause of silver will
have been won." said former United
States Senator Pubnis of Idaho, one of
the silver Republican leaders, who was In
Chicago to-day.
"Th« *hort time It has be*>n In prog
ress." continued Mr. Puhols. "has fur
nished proof of the contentions of the
friends of silver that there Ik not enough
gold In the world to form the basis of the
world's money. an<l If the w.ir continues
the length of time I have Indicated tho
truth of this will have become too ap
parent for successful contravention.
"I believe the Transvaal war will be. a
mighty Influence In tho campaign of
next year In this country, and, that the
Object lesson will convince the people of
this country that It is not safe to place
on cold the entlr« burden of the mono
tar) 1 volume of the world.
"It may be Interesting to observe that
the panic In New York was simultaneous
with the passage of tho House gold stand
ard bill. Now. If a panic had followed the
passage of a silver free coinage bill the
wise men and the press of the land would
have attributed it to the passage of the
bill."
CLERGYMAN TALKS
WAR AND IS HOOTED
NEW YoRK. DM M The World ha*
the following from L«on<1on:
Rev. Hugh Price Hughe*, a Methodist
clergyman, arguing In his pulpit to-night
for war, was Interrupted by groans and
back talk from hi* conurbation. Such an
outburst of cries against him forced him
to declare that no fanatical crowd could
clamor him down.
The m iisjnhf said that no native could
own afo"! of land In the Transvaal.
"Same law In .Natal," shouted one of his
auditors.
Mr. liufb.es said the Boers did not rec
ognize the rights of natives to marry.
"Neither do they In Klmbcrley," an
swered th« congregation.
A reference to Mr. Chamberlain's diplo
macy brought long-continued hooting and
hlpni"g. which the cheers, very faint. |
PATRIOTIC BRITISH >OBLEMEN.
<ould not drown. The doxology wn<« sure
.it once. Mr. Hush- - pronounced the
.• tion in the najne of th< Prteee "f
. the congr<-^atin!i <ilsp<Tsed.
BRITISH HAVE LIVED
IN AN UNREAL WORLD
NEW YORK. Dec. 25.-The World has
this from London: The London Morning
Post prints this (Christmas) morning the
following from Its military expert:
"What should be our thoughts this
Christmas day on the war in which our
nation engaged? British public men of
■ both parties have for many years lived
In an unreal world, where war as a strug
gle for existence In behalf of Just cause
had no existence. The consequence has
been that fighting services have not been
managed with a view to such a war. and i
the public now suspects the present gener- j
ate. : 01 politicians to be tainted with
untrue— or. at least, careless— views of
! war and policy.
"The ease, then. Is that of a people In
a healthy condition, but badly led. the ;
leaders having got Into the way of looking
back to their followers for guidance, thus ;
showing themselves unequal to their
task."
«
Recruiting in Canada.
OTTAWA. On I . • work of
enlisting and equlpplnc U
dlan eontlngent f"r South Airl<in Is pro
gTesslng rapidly. It is expected that the
first steamer carrying a portion of the
r<mtlnK«nt will sail from Hfllfax on Jan
uary 1". Th.- rush f<>r enlistment continues
in all parts of the country.
Kitchener Nears Gibraltar.
Malta. i>.-. . M General i^-rd Kitch
■ • ■ rai Lord Rob
! here to-day from Alexandria
on tt'.'- British Mcond-daas cruiser Ifiss.
He went 'mmedlately on board the lirlt
i>h cruiser Dido, which called for Gibral
tar, where he will Join Lord Roberts.
Good Dinner at San Quentm.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Dec. 24.-In
former years it has been the custom for
the warden of the prison here to let out
th« privilege of selling Christmas supplies
to a storekeeper. Warden Agulrro has
made a radical change this year and dis
pensed with the services of men who have
been reaping a golden harvest from the
convicts. Formerly tho Inmates of t.ie
prison who were blessed with a fat purse
could purchase whatever they might de
sire from the storekeeper. This year,
however, the system which brought grief
to the heart of many a poverty-stricKen
convict has been abolished and Warden
ARUlrre has made arrangements for a
Christmas dinner for the convicts equal
to that which will be nerved at his own
table. The men who have sold delicacies
at extortionate rates to wealthy prisoners
in former years naturally feel more or
less disgruntled, but the poor men who
were compelled to stand by and nee tn»Jr
more fortunate fellow-convicts feast on
the good things of the land, while i»icy
dined on prison fare thank the warden
from the bottom of their hearts.
AROUND BELEAGUERED LADYSMITH.
The Naval Brigade before Ladyamlth October 30; the 4.7-lnch gun mounted on Captain Scott' ■ carriage In action.
THE SAN FRANCTSCO (ALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1899.
ALLIANCE OF
ENGLAND AND
THE SULTAN
Continued Frrrn First Page.
Sunday, when some measures are expect
>■•) to be taken. One of the leaders, a
prominent Irish-Amerienn of this city,
speaking of the matter to-day, said:
'"There are In Omaha to-day ■ respecta
ble number of Irishman who are ready to
IT' to the front, and they don't care
whether It Is to the Transvaal or to Can
ada, so long a.« the same end can be ac
complished. More will be known after the
meeting next Sunday. Th. will be a
frreat deal of work done by thoue on the
Inside between now and that date, the na
ture of which 1 cannot tell you. It will
be done secretly. There will be wheels
within wheels and more than one organi
zation of Irishmen will be Involved."
Mth a number of Irish-
Americans who pretended at Ica&t that
tiny knew nothing of the movement dis-
closed the fuct that the conviction Is
quite, genorftl among them that there
6hould be an organiratlon effected aniontf
them which couid ttiake Its existence felt
If only by a thrtat of reputing the
Fenian invasion of ist>6. us v would det.-r
the British from bending any more troopa
to Africa.
Prominence has doubtless been given to
: Omaha and Nebraska in the rumors of
1 this movement because of the activity of
1 the Irishmen of Nebraaka In land U-.igu-»
affairs within the last dozen y«-_ars and br
ut Urn further fuot that th<_- bonea
i of the most prominent .>r the leaden <r
j the invasion of over UUrty-three years
, ago rest In aji Omaha cemetery. Beneath
a handsome monurilent placed over his
Krav. t.y the Irish Nationalist! in ik<o
General John O'Neill Bleep* In an hon
ored uravA in the Holy Sepulchre Oeme
terjr just beyond the western limits of the
city. He commanded the Invading Irir-h
men at the hattl* at EUdgeway, r • ar Nla
| gara rails. June 2. IBM, U <l the Insi ription
on his monument proclaims him t!ie htro
I of that t-i,KuK< im-nt.
German Lloyds Buy Ships.
BERLIN, Her 24 -Th« .North r.* rmn n-
Uoyd Steamship Company ha.s houßht
out the Bcottiata OrleotaJ Bteamahlp com
pany's ster.merp, fourteen in number, and
will continue the service to Hi.ngknnc
and Singapore with ln< . ilniri
This! is the second Instance of the pur
ehaaa of a British by a German line With
in a fen months
MERCHANT SHOT
BY HIGHBINDERS
Trouble Again Breaks
Out in San Jose.
WHITE MAN IN THE CASE
• .; »v,
LURED THE VICTIM TO FACE
HIS ASSAILANTS.
Although He Stood a Target for Five
Armed Men and Was Badly
Injured Fong Ling May
Yet Recover.
Bp#clal Dispatch to The Call.'
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24 -There was a shoot-
Ing scrape In the Sixth-street Chinatown
this morning about 5 o'clock which re
sulu-i] In the serious wounding of Fong
ling, a prominent member of the Hip
Sing Tong. The affair occurred at the
clubhouse of the Hip Sing Tong. Five
Chinese, believed to be members of the
W.'iu; faction, and a white were engaged
in the light A clever ruse was adopted
to bring Fong Ling to the door, when a
general fusillade of shots waa discharged
at him
The assassins knocked at the door of
the clubhouse about 5 o'clock. Ling In
! quired who was there, and the white man
replied that it was the Sheriff and asked
admittance Kong Ling opened the door,
whereupon the Chinese opened tire on
him. some dozen shots being Bred Ling
received a bullet through the right cheek
and another through the right shoulder.
He fejl to the door and the men made
their escape before they were detected.
I Although Ling's wounds are of a serious
nature. It Is not thought they will result
seriously. There was another Chinese in
the clubhouse at the time, but he was so
frightened he remained in his bunk and
failed to see the highbinders. The police
and Sheriff responded promptly, but were
unable to find any clew to the men.
Of late the Wongs and Hip Sing tongs
have been carrying on a warfare, and in
the last three months have engaged In
not less than twenty-five tights. a month
= ago Him Tue. a Wonglte, was assassin
ated. It Is believed that a number of
Police Court lawyers who handle most of
the Chinese cases are the prime cause of
these disturbances. They incite the Chin
i ese in order to gain fat fees.
Leong Poon. a Chinese, who has figured
;In these factional lights, was arrested
i here to-day for the murder of a country
| man, alleged to have been committed in
Glenn County on December 19 last. He
will be takrn there to-morrow.
lURKEY PUZZLE FOR
MARIN AUTHORITIES
Row of Fat Birds, Dressed for the
Oven, Found Along the Rail
road Ttack.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. -Six hundred
turkeys, strung in a row. have caused the
local sleuths to exercise the gray matter
of their brains so Industriously that they
are already referring to the source of
their bewilderment as the "turkey mys
tery." The turkey; are there — several
hundred bis. fat fellows, all picked and
dressed and ready for cooking before
gratifying the palates of as many fami
lies: but whose they are. where they came
from, and why, are questions that Ga
bortau himself would be puzzled in trying
to answer.
The distance from the local depot of the
Donahue line to the new town bridge Is
nearly half a mile. When the first train
pulleo out for Tiluron this morning the
trainmen and passengers wore astonished,
shortly after lea vine the station, that the
route was lined with turkeys prepared for
the oven. The first turkey lay within 200
feet of the depot and the last a few feet
beyond the creek, about 600 or 600 in all.
The authorities were notified, but have
been baffled In thrlr effort to discover the
owner of the Christmas birds. They are
all healthy and fat. and no reason can be
found for thus throwing them away.
Everybody Is certain they were not there
last evening, and that Is about all of
which anybody l.« positive. The turkeys
must be worth at least $1000.
DUPES OF ENGLAND.
Americans Who Oppose the French
Treaty, Designated as Such.
PARIS. Dec. —The Journal dcs Me
bats. In the course of a long: article favor
ing the Franco-American reciprocity
treaty, says:
Some are opposing the treaty because they
have become the dupes of English newspapers
notch are spreading the Idea that the United
Platen Is only a branch of Great Britain. The
Aincrti-nr.fr. however, have affirmed their deter
mination to be Independent. President McKln
ley's message showed their ability to disen
tangle themselves from English embrace* when
these become compromlstnu.
As for ouraelvee, uatll there Is »ome proof to
the contrary, we must regard 'be American* an
our alll.'s ani frl-nds. Their conclusion of a
treaty with us wnx a friendly act. and must
•tdered a* rack. Our only desire should
\'f the ratification by our own Chamber of Dep
.id the American Renate of an agreement
| Iflcant and precise for the maintenance
Utional relations between the two couo
triec. « _
Big Fire In New York.
NEW York. Dec. 24.— The six-story
brick building at 134-38 Williams street
was gutted b) tire to-day and the adjoin
ing structures at 132 and 13s were dam
aged considerably. The tire resulted In a
loss of about SSO.OOO. The burned building,
which was many years old, was owned uy
the Berlin-Jones Envelope Company
whose loss Is estimated at 155.000. The
building -it 132 William street was occu
pied by Henry Allen, wholesale druggist,
whose loss Is said to be about $10,000. No.
138 was occupied by Thurston & Bradif-h
importers of .in. whoso losb is iifi.uuo.
More than 300 girls employed by the en
velope company will be thrown out of em
ployment. ■;,• '■;.;■
TROOPS ADVANCE
FROM ILOILO
Active Campaign is Now
Under Way.
»
VARIOUS TOWNS OCCUPIED
HERETOFORE BUT LITTLE WAS
ACCOMPLISHED.
♦
Greater Portion of the Island of Pa
nay Had Remained in the
Hands of the Insur
gents.
Correspondence of the A.-soelated Preea.
ILOILO. Nov. 13— The island of Panay.
sister Island to Negros and others of the
Viscayan group, has for months past been
in the hands of the insurgents. To-day the
Amf-rican forces are taking the aggres
sive for the first time, and ure moving out
to cover and hold more territory Ip to the
present the American troops have pos
sessed the half-burned town of Hollo,
and nothing more. The Twenty-sixth
Regiment, under Colonel Rice, arrived at
Iloilo two weeks ago from the I'nited
States. An officer of the regiment said:
We at home knew that our troops were on
Pauay. hut we had the Impression they occu
pied the Island; that the Important coast town*
were at least our; that our possession was
I more than nominal. Hence we are surprised
to see the American forces actually besieged
by the Insurgents upon three mile* of land Im
i mediately fcurroundtns llotlo.
People In the United States may have the
! same Ideaa as had the ofncers of the Twenty
sixth Regiment, and to them It would be well
t.i say that our line* up to the present, em
■ brace the suburbs of Jaro and Moio, both
within three niiles of this port, and nothing
more. Insurgent trenches face us on the north
and west, and outpost tiring la to be beard at
I any time.
Wjth the coming of reinforcements, a battal
ion of the Nineteenth Regiment and the Twen
ty-sixth Regiment entire. General Hughes. In
' the midst 01 a typhoon that swept the country
, with driving rain, flooded riceflelds and made
'. quagmires of the roads, sent out an expedition
composed of the Eighteenth Regiment, under
Colonel Carpenter, the second battalion of the
Twenty-sixth Regiment, two battalions of the
< Nineteenth. Light Battery 0 of the Sixth Ar
i tillery, under Captain Uiidjreman, and Captain
Gordon's mounted scouts from the Eighteenth
Regiment. They advanced into the enemy's
■ country. The battalion of the Twenty-sixth
! and the two battalions of the Nineteenth con
stituted a provisional regiment, under Colonel
1 Rice, while the first and third battalions of the
Twenty-sixth garrisoned Hollo and Jaro.
The objective point of the exi*>dltlon was the
supposed insurgent stronghold at t'ant.i Bar
bara, eight miles north of Jaro. Hut a« the di
rect road between these points had been
strongly intrenched the American force* made
a detour to th* west In order to approach
Santa Barbara on It* unprotected side. Yes
terday General Huphes had occupied success
ively the villages of Oton. Tiprtiaun and Gurmal.
on the coast and west of Hollo; likewise Cor
doba, four miles north of Tlgbaun.
Company C of the Twenty-sixth Regiment
had the only contact with the Insurgents on the
first night out. One of the men of th- com
pany, which was under command of Lieutenant
Fale«, was seriously wounded; two of the en-
I emy were found «lead when the trenches were
; captured, and much ammunition fell Into our
1 hands an a result of the brush. To-day General
i Hughes' column Is resting" in the four towns
1 mentioned, waitlns for ammunition and provi-
I sions to be conveyed to It. and also for the
: rains to stop and the country to dry. The town
j ol San Miguel, within slcht of Hollo, was par
; tially fired by the rebel- when they thought our
troops were about to enter It.
The town of Hollo to-day presents a woe
begone and dismantled appearance. A third of
the place Is In ruins, and the partial recon
struction of business house* and the humbler
, dwellings, of the poor, with ilebrl* from the
conflagration on February 11. reminds one of
I the wreck after a Western cyclone.
LOGAN WAS KILLED
BY A SHARPSHOOTER
KANSAS CITT. Dec. 34.— The incidents
attending the death of Major John A.
l»gn.n, killed In action In the Philippines,
ar«- described In the following letter, re
ceived to-day by I, S. Lelbtrman. from
hi:? son, Dr. H Albert 1/elberman, major
and surgeon of the Thirty-tiiird L' S.
Infantry (Major lagan's regiment):
SAN FABIAN. Uuinn. Nov. 12 —As I wrote
you the day before yesterday that w« were to
attack a town. I will now tell you that we did
It. and although we whipped them It cost us
several killed. Including MaJ<>r 1* gan. We left
herr at 7 a. m. an.l inarched about two or three
miles, when we ran Into the enemy, who were
In Jjouses. rlci'flelds and lops of trees, along
the road, and lntrenchments without end. Cor
poral Robinson. In the advance, wat» wounded
by th>' first volley. Major I/opfan. In passing
him. stooped over and asked If he had a
first-aid package, and was shot through thf
bead Just above the temples. I was only a
»hort .llstnnic behind, and I called to my act-
Ing hospital steward. Mercer, and went for
ward to him I took Major !>.;;, ins head and
: his feet, co a3 to move him. whon Mer
cer wa» shot through the heart from the tree
under which Major Logan fell. I looked up and
saw the fellow about fifteen feet above me, and
drawing my revolver. I »hot him. and he fell
from the tree. Then, right at that spot, sever.ii
others were killed or wounded, and when 1 es
tablished my dre.«slnK station at thnt place the
sharpsh joteni In the treet<>ps made thine* very
lively for us until a detail of men cleaned
them eat. One hundred and fifty natives
were killed, fifty prisoners were taken and
about !<y> guns were captured. The roads were
rumethinK terrible, as It had been raining. The
rtcefletda were like lakes, and the streams were
gn-atly swollen The native* all bad Mausers.
and they knew h"W to handle them. Th« battle
lasted about three and a half hours. <>eneral
Wheaton to-day sent us a letter of congratula
tion on our victory, the biggest one since, the
mar started.
OTIS' LATEST LIST
OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24. -The following
Is General Otis' weekly death report:
MANILA. Dee. 24. -Adjutant animal. Wuh-
Ington: Following are the deaths since last re
port:
N<-phrollthta»ls, November 7. Pluth Infantry.
John Smith. Company C. runshct wound;
November 14. Thirty-third Infantry, Arthur D.
Kad.«einskt. Thirteenth Infantry. Serreunt Major
Charles E. White. Company X : lirctmlxr 17.
Thirty-fourth Infantry. Oin-ar E. DoUn. Com
pany O. December 21. Eleventh « •alavry, Jo
seph Kesi>lnser. Company l>. I)i>.-fiiit»»r 10.
Thirty-fifth Infantry. Hainan! Anderson, f'.im
pany A. accidental. Typhoid fever nccYinbvr
16. Third Artillery, Raymond Cnri>eiiter. Com
pany L.; D«>»-ember 7. Fourth Cavalry. Harry
Reno, sergeant. Company X; Pet-ember 19.
Twenty-seventh Infantry. Claude B. Christmas,
corporal. Company X; December 19, Twenty
first Infantry. Henry C. Merrlam. Company ft.
Ix-.-emtvr 17. Si\th Infantry, -'"hn I. Free,
Company X; Oerembor J2. I'nlteO States trans
port Hooker. James Conwny. cahlemon; De
cember 2"!. Fourteenth Infantry, ' William
BohMftbeJ. Perltf'nlus— December 20. Twenty
ninth Infantry. Paul C.alns. Company L. Ma
l.irla—December 15. Twelfth Infantry, George
Hurp. Company I; December 8. Twenty-second
Infantry. Kenneth Rodenberger. Company A ;
l>ecember 80. Twenty-first Infantry, Isaac
Watson. Company F. December 11. Thirteenth
Infantry. **«ul H Klyck. Company H; Decem
ber 12. Fourth Infantry. Jamey Booker. Ctrtn
pany X; December IS. Twenty-fourth Infantry.
Henry CunninKhmn, Company F. r<y»ent«ry-
De 'ember 14. Twenty-first Infantry. Ed want
Fwansi.n. Compuny If; PlMniBH ', Twenty
second InTantry. I), fluck. CVwytiy A; Ivce:n
ber 4. Thirty fourth Infantry, Fred Moi ford
Company IC. D*»«mi>or M. Hospital Coma, Al
bert Dushll*; Dvcember tt. Fourteenth In
fantr>'. rk »car Proske Company O. Drowned —
December 14. near Nlerblcan. Luion. accident
ally. Thirty-third InfantO'. William Axtell.
Company X Intestinal trouble— December IS
Twenty-second Infantry, Oeorge H McLean
Company F Oeneral dellblllty— December Z2
Twenty-fourth Infantry, Oeome Motley
Company H. Diarrhoea— December 22 TVenty
flrst Infanto', William Dlouchlr Company I
OTIS.
Damage by Prairie Fire.
ABERDEEN. 8. D. Dec. 24. During a
high wind on Saturday a prairie tire start
ed oast of Eureka and swept over the
country, causing great destruction of
property Details are meaner, but It Is
believed many farmers must have been
entirely burned out. The ttre was the most
extensive for years.
Thrown From a Burey.
HAN JOSE. Dec 24-Mlkp Vonalman
a milker, employed on the Ogier ranch
near town, was thrown from a buggy to.
day and sustained a concussion of tha
brain. His recovery' 1b doubtful
To Cure a Cold in One DaT
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tableu. All
druKßi»t» rt-fund the money If it falls to cure
E. W, Grova'a aUniiiure la on «aoh box. 36c
PROTEST AGAINST THE
LAYING OF NEW CABLE
Owners of the Manila-Hongkong Line File
Claims for Subsidies Against the
United States Government.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Dec. 24-
Through the British Government the
Eastern Extension Cable Company has
submitted claims for subsidies allowed In j
concessions granted by Spain and has pro
tested against the laying of cables In the
Philippines by the United States.
While sending the communications of
the company the British Government has
uniformly declined to support them diplo- j
matically, simply transmitting them to (
this Government. Deprived of govern
mental support, the company has been ,
trying to secure some recognition of Its I
concession by the United States, going so •
far as to accept and transmit free of i
charge all Government messages from
Manila to Hongkong. The Government
however. Informed the company that the
United States preferred to pay for every !
message sent. The Government has not j
paid any bills thus far due the company, i
but It Is stated that when they reach
1250,000 It will be wiser for the Government
to purchase the concession for about
$1,000,000. as It has the right to do under
the terms of the Spanish grant. It will
probably not be long before the United
States will be indebted to the company
In the sum of $250 .DU0. as Its charge Is 75
cents per word. This is three times as
great as that for messages between the
United States and Europe.
The claim for subsidies will certainly
not be granted by this Government. It is j
COLE TOOK THE
BANK'S MONEY
Statement by National
Examiner Wing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. Dec. 24.— National Bank Ex
aminer D. G. Wing, temporary receiver of
the Globe National Bank, gave out a
statement to-night, In which he says that
In the course of his regular examination
of the bank's affairs, on September 19. he
found $600,000 of Globe check* outstanding
which did not appear on the books. Pres*
ldent Charles N. Cole admitted this to be
his personal loan Feeling that to close
the bank at that time would cause dire re
sults, Mr. Bigelow. the only director
within reach, and Mr. Cole and Mr. Wing
went to Washington and laid the matter
before Comptroller Dawes. Mr. Wing tlsun
said:
Mr. Hijeiow agreed to personally guaranty
that Col«r'» sbortaga should t>* made good to
the tank at once. Cole having turned over cer
tain *wrurUle» to him and Messrs. Clark and
Coolldgr assisting in guaranteeing Mr. Blge
low The Comptroller or the Currency directed
that Mr Cole should renlgn at one« a* presi
dent; that the whole mutter . »hould me laid
before the directors and thai I should at the
proper time report the fact* to the District At
torney. At this time M*-»sr». Coolld«« and
Clark were each borrowing not more than
$100 000 of the bank, with plenty of «ecurtty.
and each had about ITS.OOO cash on d*po»tt.
Mr. Bleelow owed not more than that and had
more than enough on deposit to pay bis loan.
On the following Monday Coolldge and Clark
gave Cole JSO.OOO. Cole added JI2O.WX) of his
own money and repaid *2«». of th« $600,000.
The balance. $400,000 man repaid In three days
by the sal* of Cole »ecurltle«, a part being
bought by Coolldge and Clark through their re
spective brokers.
The bank's assets were, thus bettered by
$600 000 in cash. About a month later the facts,
so fax as known, were laid before the full
board of directors, and further Investigation
bhowed that there were $300,000 more of checks
outstanding not on th« books and that the
Indebtedness of the Uovell Arm* Company was
really much in excess of the amount shown
by th« books and that Mr. Cole wa.i himself
personally the holder of nearly $500,000 of the
Lovell paper. There was also found an ap
parent overdraft of Squires amount to S'-i.
000 In addition to their regular loan, which It
nelf was In esoens of the $104,004 limit.
Mr. Cole admitted his responsibility for this
overdraft either to the bank or to the Squires,
and turned over to the bank his own securities.
Including the I»vell pap*r owned by him to
e«-oure the entire Indebtedness for which he
admitted responsibility.. This amounted to
nearly $1,000,000 and the securities turn.- i over,
at their then market value, were considerable
In excess of the amount.
The «ix directors and Messrs. CoolliiKe and
Clark then entered Into a written guarantee
that the securities nhould be sufficient to make
good the Cole Indebtedness. Mr. Stevens, who
was elected president November S. the direc
tors and Messrs Coolldge and Clark have since
then done everything In their power and made
great personal sacrifices 'to save th» bank
from failure. • . -
The bank's assets are better off to-day by
about $300,000 cash, over $L<XW.OCO of notes and
securities and the personal guarantee of there
gentlemen than It was at the time I brought
the condition of affairs to the attention of the
Comptroller. The connection of Cole with the
so-called copper Interests was not the cause
of the Globe National Bank's* failure,
but hi* connection with lhe*e companies had
provided him with security amounting in the
aggregate at the then market prices to nearly
$1.&00.u00. These *ecurttle» were not In the bank
when I examined It. but were put up later by
Mr Cole to secure his Indebtedness.
I make this statement at this time to correct
the various rumors now In circulation as to the
failure of the Ulobe Hank. In Justice to Mr
Blgelow It may be stated that on September 14
he. was the largest individual depositor In the
bank, He also was the largest wh«,n lh« bank
closed Its doors.
SMITH DOES GOOD
WORK IN NEGROS
BACOLA. Island of Negros. Philippine
Islands, Nov. 7 — Panay Is the shipping
port for all the. products of Negros Nt
gro* Island was first garrisoned by the
California volunteers, which regiment was
replaced early In July. 1899. by the glxth
Infantry. Brigadier deneral Smith, for
merly colonel of the California*, 1« mili
tary governor of Negros. and .«ince last
July aiTaira here have advanced rapidly
and well under his direction. Last July
the situation hail two sides— the military
and the civil. The Sixth Infantry ha* be
fore It the duty of suppressing Urn 1
mountain bandit*, as well as the scatter
ing of thft revolutionary party, which was
operating under instruction* from Aguiu
aido In Luzon.
As to civil matters. General Smith held
In view the establishment and mainte
nance of a civil and elective government
which would ultimately servo to show the
other revolting -Island* what good things
would be enjoyed under American rule
Negro* was selected a* the moat promis
ing Held for this experiment.
Since July last these bandits, who have
held undisputed control over this part of
this country for years, have encountered
the Sixth Infantry and they are not near
ly as numerous as formerly and conse
quently the profession ha* lost much of
Its popularity and may be. considered to
be upon its last legs. It would be unwise
to state In print Just how many of these
marauders have been killed by
tho Sixth— the number is large
and there would surely be people at
home In Ignorance of the fart that drastic
and severe measures alone can remedy
this evil, and who consequently might
rulse an outcry against the killings. A
part of our Inheritance from Spain Is the
robber chief known locally as Papa, or
Poplsso. He Is the leader of the band op
erating In the southern portion of the Isl
and, who are called Bahvalanes. a wild
superstitious people. Against them the
American solMera have waged a constant
wnrfare that. has reunited in the bnndlt.i
being killed, demoralized and scattered
A handful of American troops have taken
positions that forty trained men could
have held against an army corps.
MISS WEAR FOUND.
AT-BURN. Dec. 24. -Miss Wear, who
disappeared from her home at Applegate
a few days ago, wan found to-day on the
Forest Hill road In a half-starred condi
tion. She waa barefooted and her cloth-
true the subsidies were an obllg^t'on
against the Government of Spain, wl.ch
entered into the contract for abs.ifc.t
rights. It has been suggested that tn
obligations might be considered iw f. rr ;
Ing part of the Philippine debt. Uefdi
the treaty of peace was signed the calVj
comptui} questioned the right of t|->
United States to lay cables in the Pnilli
pines and demanded that this Govern
ment should wait for cable facilities u:»
til the archipelago came Into Its posses*
slon by treaty The Government decide*!
that It had the right to lay wur rabies in
any part of the archipelago an>l fitted out
the Hooker for that purpose. It la under
stood that General Otis will fit out an
other transport to take the place of th*
Hooker, which was wrecked at the en
trance of Manila Bay. It Is evident to
the authorities that before action ran ».«?
taken In the matter of laying the Pacific
cable the question of the concession of
the Eastern Extension Company must be
determined. Should it be decided that the
concession must stand Congress will hay«
to make an appropriation In addition to
the cost of the Pacific cable proper for thtj
purchase of the Philippine cable conces
■ion.
The Eastern Extension Company w. uM.
of course, prefer to retain the prlvllegp-t
granted by the Spanish decree, and will
probably make a very determined effort
to obtain formal recognition by this Gov
ernment. The administration, however
desires to connect Luzon with Japan
Guam and other points In China with
Hongkong, where the cable ends, and it
Is anxious to arrange for rates not so
high as those now charged.
Ing was badly torn. Several weeks a*
the young woman lost her brother, who
was a victim of the scarlet fever, and II
is believed that she has become i
traded over his death that her mind hm
plven way The w • •••nt one of
the oldest families of Placer County.
TWELVE KILLED IN
AMALFI DISASTER
ROME, Dee. -Dispatcher fromAmalfl.
the popular tourist resort on the flulf of
Salerno, where the landslide occurred on
Friday, say that twelve persons are)
known to have been killed, that at least
fifteen others were injured and that many
are unaccounted for.
Among those who were killed were
Miss Wclr and her governess. Mis*
Weir In a daughter of Jam*** Calloway
Weir, member of the British House of
Commons for Ross and Cromarty. They
had escaped, but returning for their valu
ables were killed together.
It now is known that some earth tre
mors and other premonition* enable]
many to get away before the catastrnph*
occurred. The Mayor of Amain declare
his belief that the landslide was due to
the fact that a huge fissure, left after n,
similar slip ten years ago. had been care
lessly filled with faggots and pieces of
timber. This had always been considered
a source of danger.
The Hotel Hanta Caterino was com
pletely hurled and other building* are In
ruins. The peasants, fearing further land
slides, refi to return to their homes.
ADVERTISEMENTS;
INTENSE SUFFERING
FROM DYSPEPSIA AND STOMACH
TROUBLE.
Instantly Relieved and Permanently
Cured by Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets.
A New Discovery, but Not a Patent
Medicine.
Dr. Redwell relates an Interesting ac-
count of what he considers a remarkable
case of acute stomach trouble and chronic
dyspepsia by the use of the now discov-
ery. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
He says: "The patient was a man who
had suffered, to my knowledge, for years
with dyspepsia. Everything he ate teemed
to sour and create gases in the stomach.
He had pains like rheumatism In the
back, shoulder blades and limbs, fullnesa
and distress after eating, poor appetite
and loss of flesh; the heart b«camo affect-
ed, causing palpitation and sleeplessness
at night.
"I gave him powerful nerve tonics and
and blood remedies, but to no purpose.
As an experiment I finally bought a 50-
cent package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets at a drug store and gave them to him.
Almost immediate relief was given, and
after ho had used four boxes he wad to
all appearance* fully cured.
"There was no more ucldlty or sour
watery risings, no bloating after meals"
the appetite was vigorous and he has
gained between ID and 12 pounds In weight
of solid, healthy flesh.
"Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are advertised and sold In drug ctores
yet I consider them a most valuable addi-
tion to any physician's line of -tiles
as they are perfectly harmless and can
bo given to chlldre/i or Invalids or In any
condition of the stomach with perfect
safety, being harmless and containing
nothing but fruit and vegetable essences
pure pepsin and Golden Seal.
"Without any question they* are the
safest, most effective cure for Indigestion
biliousness, constipation and all derange-
ments of the stomach, however slight or
severe."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets axe made by
the F. A Stuart Co. of Marshall. Mich,
and are sold by druggists everywhere at
50 cents per package.
Little book on stomach diseases mailed
free. Address F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall
Mich.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.
COAL. COKR AND PIO IROX
jc Wilsons Co^^'^^
FRKSH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS B9YES&CQ...^r^e, »i.^«M
~~~~ T FURS. • '
J. N. LOFSTAD ' 4 -"" *• -*•*"• L «*«
IR»N FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY. BSE £ £2&
! B ,i^ Ere
PAPER DP.ALfiRT
WILLAMETTE r ***g£gS£h.
PRINTIHI.
F. c nrfiHFs PRINTER.
I *• V- HUUIICJ, m tUn»om» ,t.. 9. p.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T.^ph,o PARTRIDGE K. OUIM.
* BITE ASH STEAiI COAL. KD BUA^
I J!vifo N^ COAL MJNINO . O M It* OHZZS
HIVEK COLLJEKIfd. Is th# H*.t OssJ la i»«
p*rk«t. Cfttc* and lfani— «M Mala sir— C
COKE! CQKE!
p. a. McDonald.
1 WaoUaal* Deiler and Shipper of Cote.
or tic * HI roLflou ST.AT LEAST FORTY
LIVES WERE LOST
Bodies of Explosion Victims Being
Slowly Recovered From the
Braznell Colliery.
THE KNOWN DEAD.
HHNRT IIAGER. S) vrors old;
!rnvf»s n wHott and Mx children
PETER OROSORY. r.6; widow
ami four children.
SAMUEL MUES, S3; widow and
four children.
WILLIAM THOMAS. 33; widow
ar.il four children.
MICHAEL ROHTELL. 14: single.
BAMUEL MEEB. 33; widow and
three children.
ALBERT MEES. IS; died after
b«!ng rescued yesterday
MICHAEL MAHIO. 2S; leaves
widow and two children.
GEORGE COVITZ. ♦0. single.
JOSEPH POTTS I. r. leaves
widow.
JOSEPH MAGTAR. IS F'.ngle.
WILLIAM MOLOCK. 33. leaves
widow and two children.
PAUL PROLOC. 2i; leaves widow
114
■
he number
- ■. and
■
the
lams regi;
ar.J pro* .. garded.
To-«ay the Oral bodies of the victims
were brought out of the mlr.e. and never
In the history of mine disasters were hu
mar. bcinpaeo horribly mutilated. It was
r.early 11 o'clock before tho ilrst five bod
lc« were ta»en out, twenty-eight hours
after the exp!o?ion. At 5:33 three more
were bro^cht to the surface, and a^aln
at €:20 three came up in the ca^e of the
main shaft.
At leant twelve bodies are In sight, but
cannot he reached on account of the
debris. The estimates of the number of
dead are conflicting.
A. B. BraxneU, president of the Stock
<a.le Coal Company, this afternoon paid
be l<;!iev<»d that but twenty to twenty-five
rr.^n had been killed. Men who were
uv>rkir.R around the mine Rive different
!icure?. They say thirty-six to forty men
were down the mine shaft in the cages,
v hlle nbnut twenty climbed down the
M«-p«: In the elevator shaft. From flfty
flve to Mxty men wore in the. mine, and of
this nunbtr but twelve have been recov
<T«-i1 alive. All the rest, whatever the
:n:mi"«cr. are dead.
h«* 1* popularly known.
n men
bone
"I was In the f table." Mtese said, "cur
rying my mule when the explosion oc
< ■:rr«*<l. Mv brother Sam was by my side.
and his boy. Albert, was standing In front
of him. Then came the craj>h of the ex
plosion. Never In my life have I heard
» uch a terrific retvrt. I thouc... my head
had been blown off. In about two pec
• the mine was rilled with a dazzling
light as the line coal dust In the air was
ensumed. My brother Sam dropped to
the gTound as If shot through the heart.
He must have been killed Instantly. His
boy. Albert, staggered and fell over on
li!« father. 1 bejjan to back out of the
► t;»b!e: tnat Is bow my fae*» was co ter
ribly burned. I was afraid to turn my
bnrk upon the mules for fear they would
i- '..impede and run me down. 1 did not
know then that they had all been killed
by the explosion, for our lamps were all
blown out and wo were. In total darkness.
'< and
.ver. 1
They
la standing
1 lmmMl
■
• ■
■
t:h. I laid
i ever 1 ud in
- . •.. ■ mm was r
■
"The force of the explosion was terrific,
my fare and scalp is literally filled with
coal dust blown into It. Just as if it had
been Fhot out of a gun held within a few
r A of the force of •he explo-
F'->n was discovered to-day. On the hill
Hide, fifty f'«t back from the main shnft,
wns'dincoverod an arm and a foot. They
wen portions of a victim klll.-d ios feet
Velow the surface and blown out of the
kha-ft Ilk© a bullet frcm a rifle.
POSTOFFICE AT
CHICO LOOTED
Money, Stamps and Val
uables Taken Away.
ppaelaJ Dispatch to Tb* C*n.
CHTCO. Dec H,— The boldest piece of
eurglary ever perpetrated In this city oc
curred at the Chlco postofflce some time
last night. Burglars gained an entrance
by prying the lock from the back door.
With a sledge hammer they knocked the
nmblcatlon <".10l from the safe, and then
with a heavy hammer and chisel drove the
romninatlcn lock through the door. The
rr.oney drawers were then pried loose and
the entire contents of the safe carried
Btray. Money •as taken to the. amount
, , STiOO. aleo SMQ worth of stamps and $200
•north ct jewelry. Th« latter was the
property of Postmaster Wilson's wife.
Many valuable papers. Including Insur
nt.re policies, were also taken.
On account of the muddy condition of
tho streets the burglars were easily
t-acked to the grounds of General H!d
we'.l where two glass money tills were
found and whire the tracks were lost. Up
to the prcsnt time no clew to the burglars
\as been found. l>ut they are believed to
l', persons who have boon here for some
time, as a few days ago a savage dog
ITirh ha* alwuvs been left in th« post
i.flire at night ditappeare,d very suddenly.
1 i* believed the dog was killed or stolen
!>>• the same parties who robbed the of
fice.. *
HOLD DAYLIGHT BURGLARY.
Jewelry Stolen Prom the Residence
of Mayor Collins at Ventura.
VENTURA? Dec 2«»-A bold burglar en
tered the rwl'icnce of. Mayor J. S. Collins
yesterday In broad d^ylUht and secured
f4» worth of Jewelry. 4 . Mr*. Collins and
daughter. Mrs. W. G. Hills, were at homo
i he entire day. Threl diamond ring*.
each rallied at over $101 a valuable plain
cold ring, •he wedding ling of Mrs. Mills
and a small amount of missionary money
were taken. The burglar left no clew.
I From statements obtained to-day it
j seems clear that the presence of gas
I quantities in the mine was perfectly well
1 known and that r.aked lights were used
for several days before the explosion, Ac
cording to creditable authority not a »aie
|ty lamp was used • •'i the ml;. by the
working crews since last Tuesday morr
j ing. four dn>s before the explosion. Fire
I Hoss James Ratcliffe. whose duty it was !
' to look after the safety of the mine and '
| upon whose care and Intelligence the lives
; of the diggers depended in a large degree,
j told his Ftory. Ratcliffe has not yet re-
I ccvared from h:B narrow escape from
; death. The nr© boss said:
"I believe that the explosion was caused
i by a sudden fa!" which occurred just be
| fore the explosion. I do no; believe that
j there was enough gas In the mine to be
| dangerous. As a matter of fact, the coal
I It— lf gives off little gas. but the gas i
; comes chleily from the roof of the pit.
; After the explosion I went into the ml.;e
j with Join*, the pit boss. I went from lie
: entrance of the main shaft toward the air
j thaft. one hundred and ilfty yaras away.
; tvtrytni.'.g was titled wuh after-damp
: ana tmoKt. Jones gave out in a few mm
utes and i dragged him to the bottom of
j the main shall, where there waa a little
1 air.
Katcltffe said the explosion must have
■ occurred within two or three hundred feet !
,of the main •bate He hay the mine mi '
■ weu supplied with air.
'•It wus awful." said the fire boss. "The I
, men were trapped thero like rats ami i
j there Is no hope that a slngue man Is!
alive. The two shafts were uisabled and
' there was no other exit. I have never
; *een a more terrMc mine explosion. Stone
stoppings two feet thick ana cemented to
: getnor were utterly destroyed. Not even
i particles of rock remained. The stone was
blown Into dust."
William Pastorios. a driver In the mine,
tells a sensational story. Pastorios, who
I has lived In Brownsville for many years
and is regarded as a man of intelligence,
says that Pit Boss Jones on last Tuesday
morning issued a general order that all
safety lamps might be dispensed with
and In their stead the miners were per- ]
mitted to use naked lights. Pastorios also
states that the lamps were unlocked, con
trary to regulation.
"The miners always prefer to use naked
lights," said Pastorios "whenever possl
| ble. as they give better light and are
more easily handled. I have been work*
ing here a couple of months and used a
: safety lamp until last Tuesday morning.
At that time mine safeties were in use !
by drivers ;«Jid others who were con
stantly moving about the mine, and. j
therefore, exposed to grerm-r risk than a
digger ''i J* room. Contrary to the min
ing regulations the safety naps in use
were in many eases unlocked. The safe
ties were provided by the company as
usual, nnd they fhoulrt be locked. so that
It Is Impossible for a miner to open them
while at work. My lamp was unlocked
and I frequently opened and closed it.
On Tuesday the pit boss l?sued an order ,
that the -n could use open lamps, ami
they, of course, discarded the safeties,
which made ■<>. poorer light. About 100
yards from the bottom of the main shaft
there was a fall, which has been boarded
1 up and In which »n<» pas stood against the
roof. 1 think It was this gas which ex
1 ploded."
Superintendent Boyer. who l« the stipe- :
rlor of Pit Hoss Jones, when told of Pas
torios' statement, said:
"1 know nothing of the order to dis
pense with safety lamps." He would make
no further statement.
Amnn? the men missing and known to
be dead In the mine are the following
Hungarians: Michael Pamhek. Andrew ;
Parahfk. brothers; Paul Liundls, Thomas |
Kueland nnd Andrew TourslskL
Mine Inspector James P.Hck. who has '
been In the mine almost constantly since i
last night, came out to-night and gave a
graphic account of Its condition. Inspec- j
tor Blick paid:
"At the bottom of the two shafts the '■
mine is a complete wreck. Only enough ;
debris has been removed to allow of tho
bodies being brought out. There are
more bodies in the mine, but how many '
cannot be determined. There are un- !
doubtedly a number of corpses under the
wreckage. The lo.wer parts of the mine
are flooded and the wat< r is rising, as
! the pumps are disabled. The pumps will
1 not run for a day or two. as the six-inch
pipes draining the mine have been twisted
and broken like roods. - penetrated to the
face of the mine to-day and saw the
! bodies th*-re, but the after-damp was
| thick ami I had to return quickly. Noth
| Ing further will be done to remove the
I debris until the water has been pumped
out. None of the men can possibly be
nlive. It will require several days to clear
the Ine The bottom of It Is wrecked,
but the roof and shies are intact. There
Is no fire in the "line."
Rough but reverent hands carried th*
bodies of th*» victims when they reached
the top of the shaft to th*» temporary
morgue on the hillside, a hundred feet
away. Of one of the men. Peter Crosby,
but a portion of the trunk and the back
of tbe skull remained, and that was vir
tually but a cinder. He was Identified by
a shred of his shirt that had been blown
Into lis flesh. Of the twelve dead there
was but one that was not a hideous
vpectade! Among the men at the Bn /.
nell mine to-day were many who had been
at any other explosions, but never had
they seen such mangled, burned and dis
tort <h\ bodies. Di N. 11. Taylor. Coroner
of Fayetf County, arrived early In the
morning- from I'nlontown. He impaneled
a Jury, who viewed the bodies as they
were brought to thf surface. The Inquest
will bo held at Uniontown as soon as all
I of the bodies are recovered.
SUDDEN DEATH
OF MRS. DENSON
♦
Stricken While on Her
Way to Church.
Pp*cJ«J D!«p*tch to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. M.-Mrs. 8. C.
Denson, wife of the well-known San Fran
cisco attorney, died here this afternoon
at .3 o'clock as the result of a stroke of
apoplexy sustained at 10 o'clock this
morning. Mrs Denson had come up from
San Francisco to visit her daughter. Mrs.
D A. I.I: '.ley. and to Join In a family re
union at Christmas. Her death was whol
ly unexpected, and the shock has proved
a terrible blow to her family and friends,
of which latter there Is a wide circle here.
Mrs Denson was a sister of Chief Jus
tice William 11. JJeatty of tho Supremo
Court and of Mrs. George E. Bates, whose
husband Is a San Francisco attorney, and
of Mrs. O. P. Willis of Sacramento, lie
sides her husband. ex-Judge S. C Denson,
she leaves a son. Hal Denson, and two
daughters, Mrs. D. A. Llndley and Laura
Denson.
Mrs. Denson was on her way to church
with her little granddaughter. Mary
Llndley, when stricken, and she com
plained to the little girl of .■ pain In the
back of the head, and then, a.>- If having
a premonition of death, clasped the little
one more tightly by the hand and said:
"Mar?', you win not leave me, will you?"
She had scarcely uttered the words when
she swooned and fell to the sidewalk.
She was taken into a neighboring house
and a physician was soon at her side
Judge Denson and Mr. and Mrs. Llndley
were hastily summoned, and, with other
relatives, were with her when she died.
She did not regain consciousness from
the moment she was attacked. While vis
iting her sister in this city some time ago
Mrs. Denson suffered a similar stroke,
and It was believed that the next would
prove fatal.
Mrs. Denson was about 56 years of age.
The funeral will take place on Tuesday
from the home of her daughter, Mrs
Llndley.
As Good as Men and Malt Can Make
Evans' Ale and Evan*' Stout— that's
enough. •
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, DECEMBER 25. 1899.
TWENTY-ONE
GO DOWN TO
THEIR DEATH
Heavy Seas Wreck the Boats
of the Foundered Steam
ship Ariosto.
LOST OFF IIATTERAS
Of the Crew of Thirty, Nine Stay
With the Vessel and Are
Rescued by Life-Savers.
Ercc'.al Dtoratch to Th« Call.
CHICAGO. Dec. 24 —A special to the
Tribune from Norfolk, Va.. says: The
I ■: FtoamFhip Ariosto, Captain
-. bound from Galveston tn Ham
burg, was wreckt-fl at 4 o'clock this morn
\ miles south of Ilatteras, N. C,
and twent] -.>nr- of the rxow w«»re drowned.
Captain Barnes and eight of the crew
by the heroic efforts of the
Ocracoko life saving crew, under Captain
\ ard. Those who lost their
lives at'- mpted to reach The shore in a
small boat, which was swamped, shortly
aft<>r it put off from the ship. Captain
and the eight men remained
aboard and wore landed by the Mf<*-savers
:n the breeches buoy, but not until after
a ptr':pK:>- Which lasted all day.
\\ r. king tufa are n ih'- way from here
■ • I if they rearli tho strand
ed ship In time may save It. as the wind
t"-niKht is in tho wr«>oked vessel's favor.
• : Ie is the worst on thes»
since the Qerman Hlnp ESllsabein
went ashore In InTS. when fifty-five r
were dl .'hick fogs have prevailed
the Virginia and North <"arolina
number of
irrowiy esc-ajiod destru<.- ■
Last nijiht. however, the air was
but ili" wind averaged from forty
miles an hour and tb< see w i
furious around th<' point, whi^h ha.
is the "graveyard of American
The Ariosto. a vessel of 2fi.V) tons, sailed
from Galveston for Hamburg, via Nor
• r IT. Tho skipper,
tain Barnes, ar.d his .-row. consisting of
-nine men, were »ll Uritish. The
to. which had a general cargo
all the way from port encountered heavy
•
LSI patrol from Orracoko was re
turning Ltion about 4 <.vi<>rk this
morn!- ered a l>lg ship
He Immediately lighted a signal,
c on board that th.»\
• rod. and th«-n ran to the Sta
tion t. ;iro..'.- the life-saver*. Against
wind tho life-savers thon
• heavy apparatus, consisting
ir, and
:i wj> • ■ : LVllght when they re
■ • • .>.■-' ck. They could see
- of a bis steamer, but could
compllsh anything until daybreak.
I :;■■;• les of ■
which were blown into th< I • t the
until their cheeks were cut as
rawhide When daylight br. I
v. r. huddled together on th.?
■ . -I.;;., waving their arms in an .ip-
To launch a boat in such
. i have meant instant death,
• • lift -heir gun in i>o-
The Arlusw was some
the line fell short. Line
after II ■ tho stranded .ship.
but all h. In meantime {
dashing over the ship,
called his men to- ,
nsultatlon, explnlulnK to
that the chances were about even
If they sUould tnko to tho boats or wait
for tho Mf** rew to tire a life-line
:..r as he was concerned.
;.t:tltl said, he WOUld wait for the
. ■ but he left it to the crew to
among themselves. Bight sailors
said th< tick by the captain. These
were saved. Twenty-one declared they
tomed if they remained aho.ird.
and they left tl.*» -liii> In boats. All
of thorn lu> t th-
The boat in which the twenty-one m<*n
fut ofl ■ ' -«ular lifeboats.
r.R in ordinary weather, but a
shell In such s *<!». The ship was
tossing heavily, and with difficulty :■
rita, The tweni
In their excitement, had ma(l>- n>
n f^r the <'\ or'.urnlnn of th<
si .1 one by one tli^y i in, In
g . t'> t heir d.aths.
remaining ■
■ M
the lit 1 1 - - boat put off. shouting lv
-si; g about on
■raves, rh»» sailors pulling a
strong strok.-. tl
aching shore, when a wave
With mighty force on tho little
. r.i! t . - Phe twenty-one men
■•• :\ Into the Ma. ar.d although'
rs on shore were witnesses of
: they were powerless to ren
ald.
The sea sw-all iw.-d the unfortunate men
only for an instant, for they appeared
high on the « rest o t a wave, making a
for their lives. Fin
ally, one b] sank out of sight.
Captain Harms, a brave mariner, who :
the " orld over for twenty-fly,.
■ • Uke a child when he saw h.s
•::sh.
it !.,.■■ i !.. < toracoke life saving cr«w
stood It" ground and ■ • • rine linos
: ship. About four hours
:he Anos 1 ■ i- k a lifo line
\er tho ships side Captain \
Barnes and his remaining nion nutd- it
fast, and an hour later they had drapged
the big haws- r aboard. The life-savers
<!uwl> ran out the brooches buoy and It i
reached the ship in eafoty. Through the i
Ing spray the men wore then, one by
;>ne hauled to shore, more dead than
alive, and by nightfall all were safe.
When the disaster was made known
here wrecking tugs started for the seen© j
and It Is a matter of steam against time
if they succeeded In reaching the Arlo»to
before the vessel goes to pieces. Tho
Ariosto was seven years old and was
owned by R. MeAr.drews & Co.
Superintendent Klmball to-morrow will
instruct Lieutenant Johnson of the reve
nue cutter service, who 1b attached to his
office, to proceed to the scene of the
wreck and make a report of the circum
stances attending the loss of life. This
is the practice always followed by th<j
life-saving service when there is losh of
life attending an accident to a steamer to
which the surfmen have given assistance.
The superintendent bHleves tho distress
ing loss <>f life Is probably due to the hur
ried efforts of the men to get away from
th*» phlp. instead of waiting until the ;
breeches buoy could be rigged up between |
the ship nri'l shore and their rescue effect- I
f.l. As the vessel appears still to be In I
sood condition, the men. he thinks, mlclit I
r<:n.iined on her an indefinite, time \
before there waa any real danger of los
ing their lives. Ships hand* of "deep ,
boatf. he thinks, take to the boats '
too often, a practice not followed by men J
devoted to coast navigation, who realize
the opportunities for rescue by th©
breeches buoy.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
STATION FOR NAVY
Secretary Long May Ask Congress
for an Appropriation for Its
Establishment.
WABHINOTON, Dec. 24. - Secretary
Long has undor consideration the adviea
j bllity of asking Congress to make a spe
cial apprmrlatlon for the establishn.cnt
of a wireless telegraphy training station.
If he does so. it Is understood. Rear A>l
miraJ Bradford, chief of the Bureau of
Equipment, will recommend that a con
tract he mado with thr proprietors of the
! Marconi system under which the naval
service *ill bo equipped with Maroonl in
struments.
An appropriation of $20,000 will probably
be afkr-d for. of which $10,000 will be for
flret payment on twenty sets of instru
ments and $10,000 for their use during the
first year.. Each succeeding year the de
partment will have to pay the Marconi
company JIO.OOO. These payments will en
1 title the department to all Improvements
Sipnor Marconi may make in the instru
i ments.
DYING WIFE
BESOUGHT HIM
TO TAKE LIFE
Took Poison and Requested
That Husband and Babes
Follow Her.
HER WISH FI'LFILLED
Missouri Farmer Murders His
Three Children and Com
mits Suicide.
Spepli] Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. Mn.. Dec. 24.-The
charred remains of William J. Thomas, a
farmer, and his three children were found
it: th«- ashes of their home, eleven miles
southwest of Chilleiothe, early this morn-
Ing. It is supposed that Thomas mur
dt-r»-d the children, sot fire to the house
and took his own life.
About a year ago Thomas' wife com
mitted suicide by taking poison. Thomas
has frequently told his neighbors that his
wife on her deathbed exacted a promise
from him that he would make away with
the children and himself and follow her.
Tho dead are:
WILLIAM THOMAS, tho father, aged
55 years.
EDNA THOMAS. 10 years old.
I>AVH) THOMAS, 14 years old.
JOHN THOMAS, 1* years old.
The affair wag not discovered until early
this morning, when a neighbor living
about a mile distant saw that the house
had been burned. H< hurried over, and
:t was a sickening sight that met his gaze.
The house had been totally destroyed by
tire and th-"> charred and blackened bodies
of Thomas and his three children wore
laying In the ashes. He aroused the
neighbors, and i:i a short while there were
hundreds ol people at the scene of tho
ly. Tin- Coroner was notified and
an Inquest is being h< Id.
Thomas had been the victim of a long
■>f financial reverses. It was a re
• • everses thai his wife took
\ story is told that at the
time his wifo killed herself it was the
[■standing between her and Then-.. us
that h«- was to kill himself and the chil
dren thon. but his nerve failed him .<rd
he failed to ( arry out hid part <>f me
■ ont.
On Saturday a Kansas City livestock
nrm n-ik. under a mortgage forecli
his last hoof of sum k. Thomas wont to
some of his neighbors to try to got help
to -:i\.- his horses, b t «as refused. Then
,i to town and borrowed a
and a target rltle. Returning, be ~ - ; ; i
boolhouse where his little giri was
attending .t Christmas entertainment and
took her home. Not 'ill this morning was
an\thlnK s'«-n of any of tho family.
The bodies wro burned beyond recognl
snd the manner in which they met
d.>:i!h will probably n< ver I • known. Tne
• a pitchfork In the ruins 1.-ads t°
th. belief that Thomas spread hay over
the bouse after murdering the children,
-t the place on tire and shot him
self.
WOOD'S SPEECH WAS
PLEASING TO CUBANS
Citizens of the Island Believe That
They Will in Time Be Given
Independence.
HAVANA. Dec. 24.— The events of the
last few days have had a great effect on
Cuban politics. The circumstances at
tending the arrival of General Wood and
the departure of General Brooke, taken
with the speech of the former at the fare
well banquet to the latter, in which the
Intentions of the United States Govern
ment were restated, have satisfied the
Cubans that Cuba will certainly be In
dependent within a reasonable time. More
than this, the arrival and public and pri
vate utterances of Horatio Rubens have
Increased the restful feeling that now ap
parently exists among all classes. Mr.
Rubens has, without doubt, considerable
Influence. Wherever he goes ho Is
cheered by the peon'«* Ins room at the
hotel Is thronged with Cuban officials
seeking an Interview, and altogether he Is
regarded somewhat in the light of an
oracle.
Every influence is being brought to bear
to stop the proceedings against the Cus
tom-house appraisers now under arrest on
charges of fraud. The Judges, the Su
premo Court, fiscal and many other Im
portant officials are related to the per
sons under suspicion. General Wood says
that If the appraisers are guilty they must
be punished, no matter who is hurt. If
the relationship to the Judges Is such as
to disqualify the latter from giving them
an impartial trial a Judsre or Judges from
some other province will be assigned to
try them. General Wood declares that if
the judges decline to perform their duties
they will be Impeached In Cuba. Just as
they would anywhere else.
The Partia. commenting on General
Wood's remarks at the farewell dinner
to General Brooke says:
' It was a most satisfactory speech, with
a .easing military simplicity. Obviously
the United States Government Intends to
fulfill the terms of the Joint resolution,
and General Wood Is the man selected as
the instrument for this task."
— •—
MONEY MARKET IN
BERLIN IS FIRM
Exports to America Are Brisk and
Consul General Mason Pre
dicts an Increase.
BERLIN*. Dec. 24.— advance In the
relchsbank rate to 7 per cent had a great
effect upon the securities market. Values
declined only moderately . There was
nothing In the nature of a panic, as occur
red In New York and London. Notwith
standing the fact that the advance In Lon
don exchange continued, reaching yester
day 4 pfennigs above the gold point, gold
exports have hitherto been but moderate.
The Berlin Joint Stock banks are doing
all In their power to prevent exports.
The continued rise In London exchange
is due to the. fact that New York has
sent large amounts of three-months money
bills here for discount, taking In return
London exchange. A further cause as
pigned Is the heavy purchases of American
I railway securities by Germany, payment
for which Is now due at London. These
! pharos are chiefly Canadian and Northern
' Pacific. Private account Is declining. Call
! money Is rising. The outlook for business
teems excellent excepting that of dear
! money. It Is impossible to raise money
■on mortgages, owing to the . decline In
house building, which is expected event
ually to react upon the Iron trade.
Western Germany's car shortage,
amounting to 5000 cars dally. Is obstruct
ing the coal trade. Nevertheless, the
bourse takes an optimistic: view of the
coal prospects. As a result of this coal
shares are firm. Exports to the United
States are brisk. United States Consul
General Mason predicts an increase of
$250,000 at the Berlin Consulate for this
quarter. Chemnitz manufacturers report
' heavy American orders and bright pros
, pects for yarns at rising prices.
—
SCHOONER WB.ECKED.
Disaster Brought by a Storm Along
Massachusetts Coast.
NEWBURYPORT. Mass.. Dec. 24.—
From wreckage which came ashore dur
ing the night and the washing ashore of
two bodies to-day It became positively
known that the Bmall steamer Laura
Marlon of this port was wrecked in at
tempting to cross Newburyport bar last
nlpht. Captain F. 11 Sargent of Grove
land, her owner. Engineer Nathan John
son, also of Groyeland and Captain Will
iam J. PettlngiU of this place, who were
on board at the time, perished the bodies
of the first two named being washed
ashore In the surf last night.
LEO INAUGURATES
THE HOLY YEAR
Pope Officiates at an Impressive
Ceremony in St. Peter's
at Rome.
ROME, Dec. 24.— The Pope solemnly in
augurated the holy year by performing
the Impressive ceremony of opening
the holy door of St. Peter's at 11
o'clock this morning. The ceremony was
performed in the vestibule, which v.-as
handsomely decorated. In the presence of
the papal officers, the members of the dip
lomatic corps, loading representatives of
the Roman nobility and a number of es
pecially invited guests.
After donnlns the pontifical robes, the
Pope, borne on the »edla ge*tatorla and
escorted by the. papal guards, proceeded
with the cardinals and the court to the
Slstine chapel. In the Vatican palace,
whore were gathered representatives of
the Roman religious orders and clergy.
After a brief prayer before the holy i«ac
rament a ff>w moments of solemn silence
followed, the Pope and the papal dig
nitaries In their state robes being grouped
before the door. Then the latter swung
back, and the officials of St. Peters laved
the threshold and the door posts with
holy water, while Leo opened t!ie psdlm,
"Juhllato Peo." which was taken up by
the ponttilcal choir.
The Pope, having covered his h^ad end
holding in his right hand a crucifix and
in his left a lighted candle, km-lt at tne
threshold amid the strains of the Te
FELT THE ICY
HAND OF DEATH
Sailors Barely Avoid a
Watery Grave.
SAUSALITO. Dec. 24.— Five sailors In
the employ of Uncle Sam aboard the rev
enue cutter Rush had an experience this
morning which they would not care to re
peat, even for the pleasure of telling
other "tars" In the service why they en-
Joyed Christmas of '99 with a fervor out
of the ordinary. Almost certain death
stared the sailor boys In the face for
what to them seemed an age, though In
reality it was only for a few minutes,
their rescue being effected In a dramatic
manner when there was hardly a second
to spare.
This morning the five men, with Boat
swain Smith In charge, took the steam
launch of the cutter and came to town for
the mail, the daily papers and supplies.
On their return the propeller became en
tangled in one of the buoys to which
yachts are moored, which had become
water-logged and sunk beneath the sur
face of the water. The propeller was
broken and the launch began to drift with
the tide. A small anchor was dropped,
but failed to catch, Hth»r because of its
light weight or because there was not
enough rope.
Signals of distress were blown and at
tracted the attention of those on board
the Hush, who saw that something was
wrong with the launch. Boats were hast
ily lowered and In five minutes two of
them, each manned by four men, were
racing for the launch, which had drifted
three-quarters of a mile toward Raccoon
Straits. A strong tide was sweeping in
through the heads, and it was easily seen
that If the boats were unable to reach
the launch In time it would be dashed to
pieces on the Jagged rocks lining Be ■• ■ •
dere Point, where the tide rips around the
promontory with the speed of a mtllrace.
Owing to the depth of the bay at that
point, the Iclness of the water and the
fact that the rocks were slippery from
the spray, It was likely that the shock of
contact would stun the five men and make
their drowning almost a certainty.
Realizing this, the men In the two boats
bent to the oars as they never had before,
and with the tide In their favor the boats
fairly flew over the water. One got a
length the start of the other, and M close
was the contest that at the finish they
were nearly even. The launch was reached
and thrown a line when it was within
twenty feet of the rocks. Then the men
backed oars, and after a long, hard
struggle succeeded In towing the launch
into calmer water, where they stopped,
almost exhausted. In a few minutes they
resumed their work and towed the launch
back to the cutter. The feat was loudly
cheered by a hundred spectators who had
gathered on the wharf, many of thtm
watching the rescue through field glasses.
PLAN TO PARCEL OUT
TWO VALUABLE RANCHES
Pasadena Men Intend to Settle on the
Property Now Held by the
Clarks.
PASADENA. Dec. M.— Another land lit
igation arising from the confusion caused
by the conflict of Mexican land grants ami
I'nlted States patents may be precipitated
soon by the scheme of an organization nt
men who are planning to pre-empt the
lands of Los Allmltos ainl «vrrlt«is
ranches. These ranches are the property
of Senator W. A. Clark of Montana, "the
Copper King." and his brother. J. Ross
Clark, who are heavily interested In the
sugar Industry In these parts and own
factories on each of the ranches. The
land Is devoted to be*>t raising and Is very
valuable. The scheme of the organization.
In which a number of Pasadena men are
concerned, is for the entire company to
settle on the ranch as squatters and each
one file a claim to 160 acres. They have
investigated the title of the land very
1/j# Imperial wJ
Vi COCOA ■ jSf
t!v A "It beats the Dutch." A^r
v^ A Anot! c American triumph 1 An Jfk i^ m m
■kNK im. vement over trie finest jEiF^r
k European products. At m EM/JBKf
flk grocers, n Ib. iSm {Rpv
] IHA X JVIi wmm
******* « wmx**m-
Deum. Rislnr to his feet he stepped
alone within the portals of the vast and
empty basilica. The cardinals and others
followed.
At this moment all the church b<M!s In
Rome ranK out. Leo stopped before the
altar of Michael Angelo. where the )ar.i
tors of the holy door for the ccmir.^
kissed his feet. He addressed a few words
to them on the Importance of the cere
mony and then proceeded to the altar,
wh^re the sacrament was offered, fal
lowed by a short prayer. Thfn. advanc
ing on the sedla gestatorla to the hijrß al
tar, he pronounced a solemn benediction,
according to the plenary Indulgcn -
By quarter past 1 he had returned to his
private apartments, having performed the
ceremonies with great apparent satisfac
tion. He was smiling throughout, but
grew pale end showed signs of fatigue to
ward the end. Nevertheless, he cave
three blows upon the door with considera
ble force.
Profound sllenco was maintain^
throughout the ceremony, save when the
Pope gave his blessing, which evoked
loud vivas. The weather was floe and an
enormous concourse assembled in the pre
cinct of the basilica. Order was pre
served inside by the pontifical guards and
outside by the royal carbineers and the
police.
thnroiißhly. and thoir attorney at Wash
ington assures them that th<- r
held on thf 1 uncertain authorit\
siuns l>v I'i.i Pico to his cotirti<»rs in th«»
nd that th*» l-ir>l was to 1 •
by t)if» recipients only until th'ir
Wherefore the present title of the Koss
brothers seemi very fragile.
On the other hand, an official of th«
Ix-i:!<! i • »crts that the Loi Allmltos
ranch w.i- patented In 1^74 t>> a Mr. Tern
■ • ted to Mr.
There Is every likelihood
that the decision of the question will be
left to th»« court before th>- lnr
parti i Red. There is not ■ little
sympathy with the prc>«pectlve squatter*,
for if ■ -of the la:
present immense tracts under one control
*.i!! be parceled out to the advunt. .
the people.
SILVER MEN WILL
MEET IN CONFERENCE
Monetary League Called Together by
President Bucker to Discuss
Silver Brick Case.
DENVER, Dec. It— Judge A. W. Ruck
rr has returned
conf'-rr' <1 with a number of lending*
rafn of .ho country concerning ti.e pro
. riiveT brick suit, which Is to be car
ried imo the Bupretne Court <>f ■
.ys no final Dial
to consult with
others before the movement i? put under
way. }!•■ f. imil many I.»i-mo< rats i:.
jiathy with the idea, but Mr. Bryan
i.i be hia-M frum.
"Judging by expressions of prominent
men who came to St. Louis to talk over
the question," said the Judge, "the feeling
Is quite strong for the measure. It -vas
shown that two suits are now pending,
one from Michigan and the other from
Illinois, in which perhaps the same prin
ciples arc- to be decided as In the case
which has been under discussion. I was
Invited to go to Washington and appear
before the Supreme Court in the two
cases. It Is possible that th" whole ques
tion may be determined In the opinion in
the cases now pending. Senator Morgan
of Alabama and George Fred William^ of
Massachusetts have volunteered to a.«bist
in the legal right without compensation,
and others are ready to do the simo
thing. It Is necessary, however, to raise
$2000 or <30t>0 for expenses and that Is a
question which is to be decided soon."
Judge Backer, as president of the Mon
etary League, has called a meeting of the
league to U held in this city next Tues
day evening, when the methods of pro
cedure will be discussed and also the Kst
means of raising money for the work. Tin
indications are that if a new case is In
stituted it will not be commenced In tne
name of the State of Colorado, Thy
gronnd taken is that Concnss has mo
right under tho constitution to demone
tize either gold or silver, and therefore
the act of 1573 I- void. Judge Rucker hays
he is receiving scores of letters from all
parts of the country Indorsing the move
ment.
WIFE DESERTED AND
HER MONEY GONE
11. H. Wellington of Chicago. Who
Married a Wealthy California '
Widow, Wanted by Police.
CHICAGO. Dec. M. R. H. Wellington
was arrested to-day on complaint of his
m '•■ on the charge of abandonment. Wel
lington is Mid to have borrowed Jl9 OCO
from his wife and then left her. Th cas»«
will come up for hearing before Justice
Quinn on Tuesday.
Mrs. Wellington lives with her two
daughters nt the Del Prado Hotel. She
married Wellington several years ago Pre
vious to her marriage to him she was Mi-
Spafford. the widow of a wealthy Callfor
nlan. The money which Wellington o'.r
rowed from her was a legacy, it la said,
1. ft by her former husband to her eldest
daughter. Wellington is a broker.
♦ —
Westminster's Body Cremated.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— The body of the
Duke of Westminster, who succumbed 'o
pneumonia last Friday at his town resi
dence. Grosvenor House, was crematotl
to-day at Woking cemetery. The de
ceased had been active in the promotion
of cremation and was president of the
Chester Cremation Society.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
LIEBENBAUM
*>■* Co.«*
7 Importing and Retail Grocers, •
• 222-224 SUTTER STREET #
• The Compliments of the •
• Season to Our Patrons. •
• — •
' SPECIAL! '
• MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY. *
• a
• OLD GLORY WHISKY, Bot. $1-00 •
9 Gal. 84. 00 I
• years r,\,\: ir<-le < nt!flrally blended. •
W To popularize this brand on this n
| roast we will lire with e»ch bottle •
ft and with each gallnn « beautifully I
y . decorated whisky classes. f>
0 COCKTAILS, "SUNSET," Bot. 85c m
I Manhattan. Martlno. Whisky, Ver- ,
3 mouth. Gin. Reg. |: I
' CLARET, Private Stock, Gal. 65c •
■ On» of cur best wines. R«*. St. L
• ARRAC PUNCH, ready for use, ?
1 Bot. 85c «
9 We carry full lln« of Swedish. I
| FVench and German Punches. Reg. '
• MARASCHINO, Best Imported Holland, m
• Boc SI. 15*
JL Oolgard's finest liqueur. Reg. $1.0. «L
•ROCK AND RYE WHISKY, 85c bot. #
0 For cold« anl coughs; an agreeable •
| drink. Rer. $L |
• APPETIT SILDS, a Bone'essAnclwy, •
£ 15c tin
i a dellclcun appetizer. Rec. We. |
©SARDINES, "LEMOINE," I2:C tin •
I Imported French. Rr». Uc. J^
• CHINOIX GLACE, Candled Limes, #
9 75c 2-lb. box •
Finest Imported French. Reg $1.23. I
• GERMAN SLICED STRING BEANS, #
_ 20c can 1
y Schnlttbchnen. H*z. Ho.
M flfilßS Kor New Tear's Klfts; sp«- #
W VIUAHJ dally put up; from $1 to »J0 T
! per box.
c — •
1 Country orders shipped fr»« within X
• 100 miles. •
Dr. Meyers & Co. j
Wen only. Pay when well. No In- I
curable cases tak.en. fJdvlce and pri- I
vote booK fee. o'fic« or mall. Horn* ■
cures. Letters confldeotlal. 731 Market ■
St.. S. F- TaKe elevator to third floor I
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HELVETIA SWISS
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. CALL SWITZERLAND. ON* TUB
list day of December. A. D. MM. and for
the year ending on that day. as rr.a 1? to th«
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of section*
ClO and fill of the Political «".»!■•. conde.ised as
per blank furnished by tha Commissioner.
ASSETS.
I'utii llarl.r! Vniui c' .i!! -'Tcks and
Kond't owned by >viini*.j> ISiO 2O 50
CKsh in C> n , jc>'i Office lij a
Ca»h In Uanka US. Mu II
Internet due and accrued on all Storks
and Lcnna i.rm n
Premium* in due Conns cf Collection. 71.733 Si
Total Assets .J^f- S3
LIADILITIEB.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense U5.111 3%
Ijotte* resisted. Including expense* 2.30 CO
Urosa premiums on Klr»- Uinks run-
nlr.c en» y»ar or less. CM.&9J II; re-
insurance 50 per cent 1U.291 «0
O^^>«^ premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine more than one year. J«;.i'.o 12;
re-Insurance pro rata SIS I)
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc til a
All other demands against th« com-
pany » .444 17
Total Liabilities tS7.4:i ',«
IN'COirR.
Mat Cash actually received for Fir*
premiums C4J.217 19
Receive for Interest and dividends
on R.r.lii. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 23.J0 17
Total Income ITI..V* n<
EXPEXDITTRES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding 537.C47 02. losses of rrerlou.-t
years) SIU.Mt a
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage to. Mi m
raid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc l.;o »t
Paid for State. National, and local
taxes 13. CD 01
All other payments and expenditures.. D.414 71
Total Expenditure* Pflß to? U
Fir*.
Losses Incurred durlne the rear ti't.tlt SI
Risk* and Premiums. Fir* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year SSO.Mt.IIS $471,710 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 4».4C Ml 4*4. M
Net amount In force
December 31. 15M.... M.« 5.171 171. Ml S3
BAML. R. WEED,
of Weed Si Kennedy, Manager*.
Eubveiibed and sworn to before me. thU 23th
day of January, l«90
EDWIN* F. CO RET.
Commissioner for California.
SYZ <& CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS.
301 California Street.
r DR.PSERCES '
GOEDCN
. MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD. LUNGS;
J «^fJg^^^A^.sj me «# in * DOT-peiin.om
c«^^^o^^"*^^s9 rr * *' 1 ' for Uooorrns**,
J/S/fjr « I'HE^^H Ol*-t. Sp«riaciorrh«»,
a^VlDlli6 V'liilN. DDDttatll .'!».
I&mJI Ocirao»»J 9 rh«rg»«. or *.nr In2t->»n»-
MisTW dm la lirtjiort. tion. Irrltatloa or ttic«r»>
p^-4'rtTwu eaoutUa. DM of tan conn ci«ra-
KrtrHlEllisCHWlCiiCa braae*. »00-*«triagent.
Vfi^cmas»*Ti.o.^ifl *° l- *' ■■ ■•»»»««.
xS^fik. v- a 3v> or tent la f'* lo w '^J?or.
J^H^T J^M '' «*tr-ss. crepaid. M
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health ana
•trenr ta to seiual organs. Depot, C 3 Marks*.
34
MONDAY DECEMBER 25. 1599
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Al i Ccrrmunxations to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
n HI M If)! OFFICE . . .Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Slain 1808.
1 INTMUAIt ■OOMI 217 «o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1574.
Delivered l»r Carrier*. |SJ Onti Per Week.
Slnuli- Coplm, ." < ••lit*.
»■»-»• by Mail. Including l'oataaret
DAILY « Ml. <inoli..lltiK >nn<l?i>t. one year. .*«.OO
l> 111 CAM. « !••< ImlinK Stindn) », (t miinllx.. lon
II \II.V CAIX (InrludlnK mi 11 day 1. M monlbi. . IV
DAILY « Ml — lly Sinele Month «!."••
m MIAV « Ml Dm Year 1.80
\\i:i:ivLY CALL One Year I<HI
All poatmaßtern arc nnlhorlied to receive
• U ll«'TI lull".
>ani|>lr eoplea will be* forwarded whtn requested
(HhUM) OFFICE DOS Broadway
C GEOnGB KROGXESS.
M.-.riajrr Foreign Adi ertUinjr. Marqnette Bulld
ini;. • lilcaiio.
SEW YOIIK (inii:i:-roNnK>Ti
C. C CAULTO.V Herald Square
MEW YOUK REPRESENTATIVE I
IT.ItHV II KINS Jit -:» Tribune Ilallcilna
cniCAGO m:\vs stands i
Sherman lloua*-: 11.I 1 . O. Xewn Co.! ».reat North
ern Hotel: Fremont llni!>r: Andltorluin Hotel.
XBW YOIIK NEWS STANDS l
Waldorf- Hotel; A. llrruiano, 31 In lon
Square; Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (I) CA OFFlCE.. W^clllmrton Hotel
J. K. BNGLIBII, Correnpondent.
niIANCH OFFICES— O27 Ummtmmwmmww ntreet. cor
ner Clay, open until :»:::i> o'clock. :{<>«i llnvea
• (perl, open until "I.: I .'! o'clock. <&» McAlllNter
Ktreet. open until J»::to o'clock. «M." l.nrkln
»tre<>t. open until !»::t«» o'clock. 11*41 Mlhnion
• treet. open until n» o'clock. BSWI Market
• treet. corner slitrrutli. open nnlll t» o'clock.
lusml Valencia ntreet, open until It o'clock:.
1«"» eleventh street, open until II o'clock.
2*\V. corner T%venty-«ec«»nd nnd Kentucky
■ Ireeta. open until II o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orfhrutn— Vaudeville.
CbtamUm^Thc Christian."
CallJornla— "Cumbt-rlan>t it"
California— lx> PachmatnC Tuesday afternoon. December IS.
Tlvoli— "Uttle 80-Peep."
Alhambra— "Hlark Patti Troubadours."
Grnnd Opera-house— ""Slr-bad."
Alcazar— "Chimmle Fadden."
Chute*. Zoo and Thrafr— Vaude\llle every afternoon a: '.
evenlne.
Olyxr.pta, corner Mason and Kills streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Steet-le-chare and Coney Island.
Panorama Rattle of Manila Hay. Market street, near
Eishth.
Oakland Race Trai-k— Kaoes.
NOT FINANCIAL TWINS.
T- . being marked by a
ecnlation and lc
lishing and
■ ey h.is cinched the
c latter baa all the money it
I oi the old year with I
tate of affairs weeks
I I ■'•ring th> ■ itcen
• - through the
all the independent
::i the ( - •
ntnountcd to stock issues of over $4,500,000,000, halt
of which he estimated as fictitious values. During
this period the increase of money in circulation in
the country was barely $140,000,000, a sum insig
nificant to finance this enormous creation of new
Mocks. He furthermore said: "Think of this hugs
inverted pyramid of credit, with so little money at its
base, and you may conclude, as I do. that the danger
of its continued stability overshadows all other con
siderations." In conclusion he expressed no surprise
at the decline in Wall street, and added that he looked
for a further depreciation.
Exactly what he predicted lias come to pass. He
was shrewd enough to back his judgment with his
money, and by shorting the market cleaned up 1
million or so a few days ago. It is thought, however,
that the worst of the liquidation is over, and grati
fication is felt that it has been accompanied by so
litt'e financial distress and so few failures. While the
shrinkage in stock values has been bad for Wall street
and its speculators, it has undoubtedly been beneficial
to the country by giving it an object lesson of the
foolishness of rushing headlong into all sorts of com
binations at enormous capitalizations, many of them
being so topheavy that at the first adverse wind they
topple over of their own weight. Philosophers may
also derive comfort in the proof of their own epigram
that every abuse carries within it the germs of its own
destruction, and that every evil will come to grief if
you give it rope enough. •
Th KTtthing in the •
■ exhibit n
■n history. While
t the ' the year, the
;irked than UMial at thifl
r. There b nol even ■ su«.pi.
■ icpnimate business, in 1
' 800 next year than
■ c fp.m speculation I
' ' " rallied, the statistical posi
■ market Leinß good. Sale* of wool have
"d off lharpljr from the, same cause, hut |
'.r« have weakened off snme
r:d« of lr.ithrr are quieter. The
lead ill • - ■ point of
M have been con-
Wheat ha«. «>clined
tnd the oodook lor die
coontriei is reported pood.
re well mnintained
The volume of trade, as indicated by the bank clear
ing, (horns an increase over last ear of 33 per cent,
.md Omaha was the only city of importance to ex
hibit a loss last week. The failures for the week, iii
jpite of the weakness in Wall street, were only 220
.-tß.iinst 258 for the same week last year. The***
figures tell the tale. Though overcapitalization and
overcombination may shake the thrones of Wall
street, they are not powerful enough to shake the le
pitimatc business of the country at large.
Professor C. C. Plchn of the liege of Com
merce at Berkeley, in an article recently published in
the University of California Chronicle, pictures an
ideal time when gas companies under enlightened
management extend their business by reasonable
rates, pleasing the communities they serve and pur
suing a career of •; rending prosperity. The
article should have been headed ."San Francisco,
A. D. 1999."
That old. famili. • \ "united in marriage,''
ke a back sent for a newer one. "Ron
! in mar- . At any rate a g:rl in Ken
ttirky and a soldier at Fort Wingatc. N Mex., were
made one by telegraph only last Saturday.
THE LIGHT OF THE WORLD.
THF. ancients had times and seasons in which
the spirit of humanity and the feeling of fellow
r<i-e above selfishness. In many different
r sentiment! of man were manifested
teason, under many different names, was
tly related to the great physical facts fixed in
(he laws of the universe. The Greeks had. at the
a inter solstice, the halcyon days, in which nature was
so gracious and sea and sky so calm that the halcyon
hatched her eggs upon the Bleeping water. These
Greek days con very closely to the Christian
holidays, so that in these modern times the great
festival is commonly named after the old
Greek season, "the halcyon days." There arc other
;n the year hallowed by the memory of great
events, consecrated to the human heart by an origin
in fear, in supplication, in sorrow or in joy, but they
are either special or national.
The Christmas holidays, however, are joined indis
solubly to the spirit of hopefulness and thankfulness.
■-. -c they were joined to ceremonial and their
• ance was written in the ritual of the unbroken
church, very worthy religious bodies which arose
after the great schism attempted to ignore them.
This was especially the case with the serious, stern
and sober-minded Puritans. In the days of the Coni
: they attempted to efface all that had made
"Merrie England," and when our austere forefather?
landed in the cold winter upon the frozen shores i I
Ni \ ■ they planted there an ascetic cult which
descendants have fogotten to honor. Still they
in them the spirit of their Christmas observing
ancestors, for we read in their chronicles that on the
the first Christmas they spent off
Plymouth the men went ashore as usual to fell tree>
and build . es, but they returned to the ship,
the dayc being Christtn une broached
a barn 11 of ale. and we part'
Down to within the memory of a generation not
yet passed awa not generally ob
served in New England, but now its celebration is
not more general in any part of the Union. The
change has been wrought largely by the importation
o: the universal German habit of making it the
special holiday of childhood. The Christmas tree,
the pleasant riot and clatter of childish pleasure and
n have won their way, and there arc but
few American homes in which homage, more or less
rnib not paid to that friend of the childlike
• which saw in infancy no trace of original trans
to all the world to be. "Except ye
• c of these ye cannot enter the king
■
It is well for humanity that all this has con
that the holiday spirit i-* still calling, wherever the
standards of Christian civilization arc planted, "For
bid them not." Much there may he d<>ne on the day
that is the fruit ol idleness and passion not in the
spirit and purpose fitting the time. Rut so much is
done in harmony with its higher sentiment that poor
humanity i >sses and its follies.
The • rity of those who arc within its influ
ence, forgetting dogmatism, abandoning debate, turn
ing away from doctrine, feel wholesomely that the
great Christian festival brings a light into the world
which none can afford to quench. When that light
illumination and shines upon a world in
which .v;ir no longer rage>. where strife i- unknown
and nation no longer lifts the sword against nation,
then will the full mission of the light of the world he
mplished, in peace on earth and good-will toward
We cannot forget the strife that is now abroad.
Tens of thousands of men under arms arc lying in
wait to kill their kind. Sorrow and not joy is \r
many homes. In obedience to a spirit of greed and
ambition, of war and ill-will toward men. slaughter
and destruction tarnish the pleasures of the time and
oppose its • ' But 'till that spirit is alive as a
force in the world and hope looks forward to it>
triumph. When its sentiment of universal iu-tice be
governments a-> will as for indi
vidual*, wars and fighting may lie no more. Th?
preat I r the world suggested by the festival
is thr subjection of povernments to its influence. Th.*
highest sense °f nien is beginning to believe that
cannot be one rule of Christian morality for
men and an opposite rule f«-r nations. If govern
ments are to po on settlinp differences liy war, indi
viduals will finally settle theirs by combat. The ripht
Tnw c! limed by n.v « is once claimed by men.
reason in the settlement of disputes made
its way but slowly, but at la^t it i>- accepted, and after
all then i- less strife in the world though the nations
make war. When v is established that governments
shall build no more warships, n>>r cast guns, n,,r trai.i
soldiers to kill each other, there will have been
worked out in human government the same Chris
tian advancement that prevails everywhere between
individuals. Therefore, it seems that no Christian
voice should ever be r.ii«ed for war. no pulpit should
ever thunder for slaughter, and the weak lamb among
nations should be as safe as the strung lion.
The ways ><i tin- Creator are past finding out. For
instance, "Kid" McCoy, who is a crackcrjack prizc
lighter. looki 'ike :i preacher. The Rev. Robert
Axtell nf Royal < )ak. Mich., is a parson who seems to
• in pugilism. He is undoubtedly champion of
the heaven-weight class.
Tine of the best features of this holiday season is
that the F rrs P ec ts of the future are brighter even
than the prosperity of the past year, and we will be
able to irish our friends a happy New Year with as
much assurance as a merry Christmas.
ThjE LAWTON HOME FUND.
CALIFORNIA should do her share and other
States should do theirs, so that the fund now
being rai-ed for the purpose of paying the
mortgage upon the home of General Lawton's family
may he completed in time to make the gilt a Kcjv
• 'tiering to the stricken family.
The contributions tint! far made have been gener
ous and prompt. They have been received at Wash
ington from all parts of the country, but mainly from
New York, and t.iken with those received in this city
ieneral Shatter they form a good start in the
work. It now remains to be seen whether the whole
fund can be made up before the close of the week.
In his brief circular letter calling attention to the
fund. General Shafter presents the issue in these
simple words:
"The history of General Lawton's splendid mili
tary career i^- too well known to require recounting
here. HtS life hai been one of devotion to the mili
tary service, and he fell in battle while defending his
country's flag. 1 1 is widow and four children will be
left in straitened circumstances unless the mortgage
Covering his orange grove at Redlands, Cal., be
liquidated. I am confident that the patriotic and
grateful people of the Pacific Const will respon-1
generously to this most worthy object, and thru
enough money will be raided not only to pay the
mortgage but to leave a susb^tantial margin in addi
tion for the use of the family ."
That is all that needs to be said uoon the subiect.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1899.
It should not be necessary to add any elaborate ex
hortations or arguments or pleadings to induce the
American people to contribute, each in proportion to
his means, to the fund. The gift, moreover, should
be made promptly as a spontaneous offering of loyal
hearts to the family of a hero who devoted all lm
energies to his country, and who at last has fallen in
her service. Let us have no long delay and vexa
tious canvassing for money in an i>sue of this kind.
Let it come with the glow of the Christmas and b-j
ready for New Year's day.
COMMENTING upon the various plans which
have been advanced for the purpose of provid
ing ways and means for the payment of back
claims upon the Board of Education, Auditor WclU
is reported to have said in reference to a suggestion
that they be paid out of a surplus in the school funds:
"If there be a surplus in the school funds at the
end of the present fiscal year, and I believe there will
be, the law says very clearly that it must be carried
over into next year and cannot be applied to payment
of old claims. I would like to see my way clear to
passing these demands that were legitimately con
tracted last June, but I have closed my account and
they have never been called to my attention."
Pacing then to a consideration of the sum amount
ing to about $70,000 which is to be derived from the
inheritance tax on the Stanford estate, the Auditor
expressed the opinion that this sum virtually and
legally belonged to the city on the day Stanford died,
and therefore can be lawfully used in paying claims
ni that or subsequent years.
He then went on to say:
"Nol taking into account what was termed hy
Judge Seawel] as the 'illegal payment' in June, ISO 7,
of $113,412 18 when there was that amount of short
age in the school funds, we come down to the
teachers' warrants of November and December. 1898.
amounting to $04,405 70 and $0<>.672 40 respectively.
I am of the opinion that the inheritance tax moneys
must lir-t be applied to paying these demands, and
as more of such moneys come in we may discharge
;:I1 those obligations until we arrive at the claims for
$6000 in June. 1899. Only then can these latter claims
be paid, as the teachers' demands must of necessity
take precedence."
It is to be hoped that view of the case will be taken
l>y the Finance Committee of the Hoard of Education
and be sustained by the court- should the question
ever come before them. The public would be glad to
see all claims against the schools or any other de
partment of city and county government paid in
full, but if there be not enough to pay all. tin
teachers' should have preference. The obligation of
a municipality to the teacher> of public schools
is one of the most binding that a community can take
upon itself. These men and women give their daily
labor to the service of the public and are entitled to
their wages. It has been something of a disgrace to
San Francisco that its school teachers have not been
promptly paid, and that disgrace should be wiped
away as speedily as possible.
ONE of the notable feature* of the debate on
the financial bill in the House of Repre-ent.»
tives was the number of declarations from
silver men of their conversion to sound mom y
Among them was Joseph Siblcy. who is reported to
have said: "1 publicly predicted that if McKinley
and the gold standard were successful prices would
fall with a corresponding increase in the purchasing
power of the gold dollar, and we would have an era
of hard times and commercial depression such as this
country has seldom witnessed. Now I look around
me. and I see the forges blazing, the fires lighted in
all the furnaces, the shuttles weaving and the looms
spinning. F.vcry man wh<> has a day's labor to sell
finds a ready market for it. Everywhere there arc
plenty and prosperity, and s,, it occurs to me that
somebody must have been mistaken, and perhaps th.it
fellow was me."
These conversions arc excellent, hut they come
late. They served hardly any other purple than that
of giving Henry C. Smith of Michigan an opportun
ity for enlivening the Congressional Record with a
■musing anecdotes told tor the sake of the moral.
Up in Michigan, said Mr. Smith, the money question
is a dead issue, and any man who should attempt to
it would empty a hall as quickly as it would
h? emptied by a smallpox sign. The Democrats who
have been converted, he said, are right, but, bcin^
Democrat*, they did not get right at the right time:
a Democrat is like a man who sits in a street car with
his back in the direction the car is going; he never
i-ees a good tiling until he gets by it; he is like the
boy who when for the fir'-t time he saw an elephant
said, "Oh, mama, that thing i-; walking tail foremost."
Mr. Smith conceded it i> better for a Democrat to
•li/e prosperity when he gets a backward view
of it than not to recognize it at all. Sam Jones, he
~.ird. tells the story of an old free silver molhisk who
met him and asked. "Jones, where is all that pros
perity you were going to give us?" "Why." said
Jones, "it is everywhere; labor is employed, capital
if active, wages are good, farmers are getting good
prices for their crops, and a wave of prosperity has
swept over the whole country." "It hasn't struck me
yet." says the fellow. Jones looked at him a minute
and then replied. "Well, it is pretty hard to strike
nothing."
Sibley is one of the silvcrites who have been struck
by prosperity, and he has had the candor to admit it.
The Bohemians in issuing the summons for their
Christmas jinks got out of the difficulty of the cen
tury mark very cleverly by announcing it as "the last
Noel of 1800." That is a sure thing whether the
1900 begin or end a century.
Among the congresses which have been arranged
tor the Paris Exposition there should be one to deter
mine whether the big show commemorate the close
of the nineteenth century or the beginning of the
twentieth.
Victoria is reported to have requested that none of
the little Princes among her grandchildren and great
grandchildren be presented with toy soldiers or can
non this Christmas. The old lady has had enough of
war.
From the way the Dukes. EarN. Barons and
Baronets of England are volunteering to go to the
front to fight the Boers it is evident the dudes have
pluck if they do wear golf stockings and marry for
money.
There ought to be a large increase in the tourist
travel to California this winter, and if the railroads
ay( ie gouging the public it is probable the tourists
will come.
Chicago society is "out of sight." and recent re
porn concerning its sporty ways incline to a wish
that h Acre out of hearing.
If you have not yet made up your mind to vote for
nark extension, this is as good a day to do so as any.
THE TEACHERS' SALARIES.
SEEING LIGHT fIT LfIST.
STATE MINING BUREAU.
HOW TWO OF IT WORKS.
THE MINERS' BAD ROADS.
A CALAVERAS MOVEMENT.
NOTES FROM THE HILLS
The situation of California with its dual
mining bureau continues to be Inten
incertain. Governor Gage's own mo
bile mining bureau is at work In the hills
and hotels and State Mineralogist Cooper
is holding down the heavy one, other one,
or whatever It Is. In the ferry building
and waiting to see what he will see The
situation may be sealed when the State
■ of Examiners sits on the bills of
the Gage bureau early in January and it
may be settled some Other ti:-.
sits In th.» terry bunding, keepli .».
mass stirred u;j which prevents precipita
tion. Ti.e situation may not be settled
until there Is some sort of a shaking up.
It develops that the Governor has put
W. 1,. Watts in charge of the field work
provided for in the appropriation bill
which illegally gave the field patronage
to the Governor to the extent of $10,000 v
year and caused the trouble. Mr. Watts
is in charge of hlnwlr and Stephen Bow
ers. nd will probably soon be wielding a
scientific corps of three, as it is under
stood that when the Governor can decide
on whose friend to appoint there will be
an expert set to work on the mother lode.
Mowers gets $150 a month .u;d Watts gets
$-5 more, for being the boss the Gover
nor's geological adjutant general.
Mr. Watts' particular work outside of
the general supervision of Stephen Bow
en and the coming mother lode man, will
be in the oil Hold, in which be has to as
siduously worked lor several years as a
representative of the bureau. He says
that he will finish some geological work In
the southern region and men compile
statistical and general Information about
the oil Industry. Then be will study the
oil fields north of Tehachapi. These mat
ters will yield reports to be published as
bulletins. It is no family secret that in
the past the quite able and laboriously
compiled reports of Mr. Watts have been
cut down or pigeon-holed In the otttce,
which is one of the reasons for the lack
of fraternal love between Watts and the
bureau administration, it" Watts' reports
are cut down now he will do it himself
and be happy.
It is getting to be rears now since any
results of Professor Watts' constant pet
roleum labors have been published by the
bureau. The good of bis hunting and re
flecting has reached the public only
through private advices and contributions
to papers; but the oil industry will bo
bountifully reported on during the coming
year. State Mineralogist Cooper will issue
a voluminous and very valuable bulletin
and the Governor's bureau may be count
ed on to keep up Its own end. especially as
Gage is playing mlocene sandstones him
self.
Mr. Watts, by the way. is an interesting
character in one view; and displays quali
tiea of nobility even in association with
Governor Gage. His long experience and
wide acquaintance In the California oil
field have brought him repeated offers of
princely remuneration for private services
as an expert during the boom, but he
waves them aside and sticks to his scien
title bureau Job at $173 .1 month and ex
penses, because he likes the work, is de
voted to the cause and has no hunger for
riches.
Mr. llnwrrs is to explore :u:l r«pi">rt on
Individual counties, so that then will i>o
Iptlve bulletin* "f some sort on Call
fornla counties. He reported on >mhh
counties when hi Id deputy under
[relan, and people who are agminsi Qage's
private minniK bureau recall ins d<
lion of Orange County in the tenth repori
aa "nearly an oblong square. " Bui as tMis
iiti<';ii Hpiit t>:ni language must be
expected t< cm a tigure. He »« now In
San 1 'i. go * '<>unt\ .
Mi i ;■• r will , •• ■ his county nut]
registers printed, if h.- can, without con
cern for Mr. Bowers' literary efforts, and
•is Mr. Watts ;tmi th»- Governor will iioi«i
Mr. Cooper's maps and r^giHtf-rs in con*
tempt. iti» counties win hear reports from
both barrels. Ati'-r the long silence of
the state Printing Once, It would take
I vernment Printing Once ;n v
;:.i:!"ii to prim nil th. reports and bulle
tins that State boards and ottdals want
. ta ii il. and tht- two mining l>ur> ;nis. with
rival records t>> m;ik<\ will (iii theii share
to keep the rftate Printer busy.
The Governor*! appointees went t>> work
in November and sent th«-ir bllla in H. s.
Durden, secretary of the i><>nr«i of tms
i tin.- stut<' Mining Bureau. The
st.it. Mineralogist, who has Dimly with
held any recognition of Gage's right to
appoint bureau employes, would ii
prove "i" receive th»-m. The trustee! did
inn meet in time to tak<- any action. A
iii'-MiiK of that board Ii always ■ strain
on something and a triumph for Mr. i>ur
<i< ii, who geti them together once in a
while. \\ h< 11 Jefferson Doollttle v I
town w. s. Keyea If off experting a mine,
and when he gets hack Thomas B. Bishop
is burled under a lawsuit, and somebody
else in down south. So it... Nov. mber hills
•..I before the December meeting of
the State Board of Examiners. The tru.*
t- • - being mm of polltli a! honors and
imii h political discretion, are not looking
for i>o|iti. nl lifchis'. ami a few <!;'.> - kgfl
they formally approved the November
and December bills of Messrs. Wat's and
Bowers without Mr. Cooper's <o-
Bo they will come before the i
of Examiners In January. Then Attorney
General Ford will decide whether or n ,t
.■ simple appropriation bill could legally
amend the statute Klvlnj? the State Min
eralogist the appointment of imn-au em
ployes, subject to confirmation by the
trustees, and pass the patronage to Gage.
A contest over the Governor's mining i>u
reau L- likely to an-.. Meanwhile t«M
miners should take a good look at the
State Mining Bureau.
Thr proceeding* <if tl|t- '■'"*■ s ';i'° con
vention ot the California Miner*' Ai
ti.m h< id iii s.ui Francisco In October have
been published In pamphlet form and are
ix ing distributed. Copies can !>•• had pn
application to the office ol Secretary b«mi
juniln, ;;:U Vim street. In Mi. IJ.-njarmns
absence In Alaska the publication lias
been •upenrised bj J. E. Douglas, who
ably assisted Mi I'- njamin f<»r some time.
in tin- absence <>< both President w. •'.
Elalston and Secretary Benjamin thr . \
ecutlve commit too l* holding no meetings.
Mr. Benjamin is expected l>aok from
Alaska about the middle of January and
Mr. Ralston will return from tht.' East
about that time, wlu-n association affairs
will move again. While In the East Presi
dent Ralston will visit Washington, and
While there display his usual vigorous
activity In behalf of pending and pro
posed mining legislation.
The Calavcras County Miners' Associa
tion has begun a good roads campaign
and thus both done a good thing for Itself
and presented an example of what these
county associations in the mining
regions can do for home interests
by acquiring strength and . life and
taking hold of local problems. In regions
where mining is the chief interest and
main support of population and prosper
ity miners' associations should be the
leading forces in behalf of home Interests
and local progress, and they have the ad
vantage of the moral and other backing
of the powerful California Miners' Asso
ciation of which they are a. part.
At .1 recent meeting of this association
at San Andreas the good roads problem
was made the chief topic. The meeting
was largely attended and spirited, and a
delegation from the nlghbortng county of
Tuolumno was present. The spirit of the
meeting was vigorously in favor of better
roads and Supervisors and other leading
men discussed the question. What differ
ences of opinion existed arose over the
ways of getting better roads. ! The Issu
ance of county bonds was strongly fa
vored. The need of better road legislation
was pointed out and the important point
of putting road construction and repair
in competent hands and on a business
basis was made encouragingly prominent
One big result of the agitation was to
make the matter a live public issue in
Calaveraa County to be discussed by peo
ple and press. Another practical result
was the wise decision to first secure sur
vey*, plans and estimates concerning
what ought to be done and let the how of
It be attended to afterward. A commit
tee is now raising funds for this admirable
purpose and the progress of the move
ment will be watched with Interest It
has already proclaimed that Calaveras
County is awake and wants to keep going
Calaveras County need? a good roads
movement for its roads are generally v, ry
had. often requiring deep Bounding*
tiu-uush cither dust or mud to find bet
torn. But the same ii true of most moun
tain roads In the mining regions. They
were often laid out by the first fellows
that came along in early days, the pon
derous frighting outfits characteristic of
those regions grind them up like stamp
mills and Supervisors have to stretch a
little money ii long way.
Yet nowhere are pood roads more need
ed than 'n those mining regions and no
where Is the tax of baa roads so heavy.
Mining supplies are usually hauled long
distances and the price as surely figures
In the coal of development or of mining
and milling per ton of ore as does wages.
Each year the freighting charges from
railroad prints go skyward when the
roads get bad and each year hundred? of
mining enterprises pause or cease because
of the «"ost or absolute impossibility of
getting in machinery and supplies. Ma
chinery often lies at a depot or stuck In
the mud en route for weeks or months,
while wages and production at a
mine lessen or stop. It Is like a
tire In the mine as far as the com
munity Is concerned that depends on the
mine's operation. The developing mine
waits th.it much longer for production
and the community for the circulation of
money. The good roads people have fig
ured out in cents per ton per mile and all
that what the wheeling means to the
farmer's load but not what .t means to
the miner's new stamp mill, needed tim
bers, broken hoist, boarding house table
and balance sheet or to the local public
that gets moat of the gold that la Jug.
Now and at tin.' every year local papers
contain frequent news Items about this
and that mine stopping operations because
the teamsters can't get things through.
The mining process that most needs ad
vancement in these progressive days of
the industry Is that of getting through the
canyon as well as the hill and Calave-aB
County has taken hold of a big and wor
thy problem.
With all Its tremendous mining possi
bilities, its untold undeveloped mineral
wealth an I Its unrivalled possibilities for
success In mining, California's mm ng
field needs judgment to guide Investments
ai it i- needed everywhere Failures pre
few but mistakes aro made and failures
result. A recent one Is that of the Grltlhh
mine, at Diamond Springs, El Dorado
County, which baa not turned out the *>•
It was to do. Work has stopped and the
old Iron will be sold. Of it the I'lacervUle
Democrat says:
"The failure of this mine to be a pro
ducer reflects no discredit upon the able
management of Superintendent James
Richards, for It Is a well known fact by
all miners of experience that the prop
erty never was and never would be a
dividend-paying proposition. Any one
that wishes may go out an* view a hole
in the ground that cost some people J«00,
000. and It .-ill came through making peo
ple see as some others would have them."
Tn the Punnet oU Held, 'n Kern County.
which baa been producing maltha and
siir.ii.ir heavy «>n producta for somf
a new refinery waa recently installed and
is just jietthiK Into operation. According;
to the Bakerafleld cillfornian. "Th<
tlllatlon .shows that 10 per cent of the
crude oil la lubricating oil >,( the finest
quality, and 10 per cent of this is cylinder
oil equal to any in the market When it
is aald if;;it cylinder oil sells m ■
■ n wholesa.e. some idea may he
formed of the great commercial va
the producta of the Sunset Company*
output The percentage of illuminating;
oil is very small, and the process of dls
tillation completed the residue, is the
lualtty r.f liquid asphalt."
The order for the ironwork of the
OnHda sixty-stamp mill has b.on placed
with Fraser & Chalmers of CbJcsjfj
compressor is to h. added to the plant to
be put on the Onclda. which will be the
• machine erected in thin county ft*
capacity being thirty drill*. It is •
however, to operate a pump of suffi
cient capacity to handle the water in the
mine and at the same time operate eleven
power drills The new Bhafi Is down 2080
•nd sinking la practically con:
for the present, the nox' underground
work to be done being the openlnjc of the
levels at DM feet. The grading la ail
completed for the new mill and the pits
for the mortar blocks are dug.— Am. id. r
Ledger.
Tn<^ copper mine at Copperopolls, c- iK \ ,
has been unwatenv] to the ilfth level,
which leaves Ml feet yer to be 1
of water. As the largest BtopSfl are vet
to be reached the heaviest work I
to be finished, says the Angels Record
The Bantlsslmo mine at Jackass mil.
Tuolumiie County, yielded a fCW pocket
last week. J. o. DENNY
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Molso Engelmann, a traveler from Paris,
Is at the Palace.
A. D. Kin?, a wealthy land owner of
Hanford, Is at the Grand.
Joseph Goldman, a prominent business
man of Merced, Is at the Grand.
Robert M. Fitzgerald, the prison di
rector. Is a guest at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. James D. Ryan of Madera
are registered at the Occidental.
W. O. JUson, a wealthy mining man of
Hornbrook, is a guest at the Grand.
W. 11. Campbell, a mine owner of Kes
wlck, is at the Oecldental for a short stay.
Robert A. Graham has come up from
Los Angeles and Is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. 11. N. Winston of Haywards Is at
the Occidental, accompanied by his wife.
Edward antl K. R. Fisher, leading busi
ness men of Hanford, are staying at the
Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. n. Morton are among the
recent arrivals at the Palace from New
York.
J. J. Kennedy has come down on a short
visit from Vallejo and is registered at the
Windsor.
E. M. Dunn, a lucky mining man (mm
the Cape Nome district, is at the Lick,
accompanied by his wife.
K. E. Biggs, the wealthy banker and
capitalist. Is at the Grand, where he ar
rived yesterday from his home In Biggs.
General and Mrs. Charles Kagan arrived
in the city yesterday afternoon and reg
istered at the Palace. They are here
merely on a visit of pleasure.
William Prescott Scott, son of Henry T.
Scott, arrived homo last night from Yale
College to spend the holidays with his
folks. He will return East In a few weeks
to resume his studies.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The British torpedo-boat destroyer Cyn
thia, built by Thorneycroft, has made a
three hours* trial run at aea, averaging
30.3 knots.
A corps of electrical torpedo mechanics
has been established in the French navy.
The duties for which these men arc In
tended was hitherto performed by navy
lieutenants.
The Mndholm drydock, In the dockyard
at Stockholm, has been enlarged to 4QO
feet length. CO feet breadth and 20 feet
draught, and Is now large enough to re
1 ceive a 6000-ton vessel.
Th© fuel trials carried on for several
: months by the British torpedo-boat de
stroyer Surly have terminated. Petroleum
oil was found unsuitable as a substitute
for coal, owing to Its heavy black smoke;
but of twenty kinds of brlgnette*. or com
pressed fuel, several were found to meet
I the requirement*-. ,
A first -class gunboat named Zelee was
launched at Rorhefort dockyard on Octo
ber 18. The craft is IS3 feet in length and
2»"> feet beam, and displaces *46 tons. The
engines, driving a single propeller, are of
900 horsepower, to give a speed of 13
knots. The battery consists of two 12
poiinflwi. four 8-poundcr.s and four l\.
pounders, and her complement la 6 officers
and a crew of 10n.
The French cruiser Guichen is reported
to have made 23.55 knots during a three
hours' full power trial. The engines de
veloped 25.40n horsepower, with 13*5 revolu
tions. The Guichen is 8147 tons, and la oi
the same classification as thai ntted
States cruisers Columbia and iMhn^po-
Us. which were, however, of •»• ..„
tons respectively, on their trial nvn. Th«
Columbia made 22.51 knots with fl in -an
of revolutions of ISLB. and the M'ajT'PO"
11s averaged 23.073 knots on 1— « r *»»gr
tlons. and their horsepower »afl i n.K>
for the Columbia and 20.5C2 for the *l:mc
opolls. _____
Two Russian Bhlps. the armored rtul«r
Gromoboy and the coast-defense . *h lp
General Admiral Apraxlne. have met : aim
mishaps. The Gromoboy. while on no.
way from St. Peteersburg to Cronstafl to
receive her armament, ran on n BMW
In th- Mnratlme canal, but was float* i a
few days later by an unusual ri.«e ln u<)
Neva River. The other ship, on her nr<t
voyage from Crooatadt to Wban. nn
ashore on the Island of Gothland durln;
a Ftorm. The crew got ?af.My ashore. nrs«
relief has been sent to the stranded vessel
which was under the command of Grand
Duko Alexander.
The Borodino, battleship. '•' being built
at the New Admiralty Works, on tho
Neva. She is of the Ce?«arevlch type. build-
Ing at Havre. Franc?, but Is 7M tons
larger. The dimensions nre: 307 feet
length. 7G feet beam and 2S feet drought
on an even keel, giving a displacement of
13.W) tons. The water line belt Is r» Inchest,
tapering to 4 Inches nt ends, and fho up
per belt up to the batter*- deck Is 7 Inch***.
Th.' engirtea will be of lfi.OOrt horsepowrr,
to give a rpeed of IS knots. Another simi
lar vessel, named Orel. Is nlso building at
Galley Island near St. Petersburg.
Neither of tIM •■ ships will be wood
sheathed and coppered.
Th" British torpedo-bnat destroyer
Spiteful Is the fiftieth vessel of that typ«
added to the navy nnd the twelfth b<it
built by Palmer nt Jnrrow-on-Tyne. The
contract requirements were quite exact
ing, but her trials have turned out satis
factory. One of the conditions limited th«
coal consumption to an average of 2">
pounds per unit of horsepower during a
three hours' run nt V) knots, and at tin
average speed of 23.9 knots the coal con
sumption averaced as low as 2.3 pound*.
The three-hour speed trial gave Sfis*
knots, and .1 twelve hours' 13-knot trlnl
required only 450 horsepower and a co.il
consumption of 1.5 pounds, gtvta tha
boat an endurance of 4000 knots with her
coal supply of SO tons.
The Chicago Tribune^ which Is usually
correct In Its statements. Is in error abouc
the French navy having; adopted th*>
whaleback typo as a form for Us war
ships, and gives the battleship Carnot a«
an example The Carnot. and nearly all
other French naval vessels, resemble to
some degree the American wh.ileback;
steamer In that they have a great "tumble
home"— to such an extent In some ni (1
make the upper deck only about half th»j
width of the beam at the water line. Th*»
Carnot was designed In IS3I, and launched
In MM The first whalebaeka were barges,
built on the lakes In ISK>. later developing
Into the Wetmore type of whalcback
steamers, and during the last four year*
their popularity and usefulness appear to
have subsided entirely.
CHRISTMAS CALL
WAS A BEAUTY
[Pinole Times.)
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
cisco Call Is a thing; of beauty ThH
ha« made wonderful BrofjreM in
years In the llluntrative art. and is
ins rapidly to the head as or-
lea's Rreatest dallies. This edition I
find Its way Into every household.
• ■ •
[Marln County Toeata J
The Chrii«tma-s Call, which was i«su. \
lnst Sunday, was a Journal!^'
piere. It was repl» te with article lltho-
Kraphlc and half-tone Illu-tratlor
matter deserlp' lilfornia- I
leal and otherwise. It is just the thing to
send to your distant friends.
[Dlxon Tribune.)
Letts) Sunday's edition of The Call wan
a splendid tribute to Us management. It
was the Christmas edition, and a peru>.»l
Of its pages can suggest only a partial un
derstanding of the vast amount of tlm«
and money Its preparation required. It
was a specimen of the artistic capabilities
of The Call's office.
Small candy CSd z. Town-end. •
Townsend's famous BKOSMSI
candles— 2 lbs. 25c. «27 Palace Hotel. •
No waiting at Tnwnsend's; pier 1
help. Thousands of packages of California
Glace Fruits and Candieii packed all i
to hand out. 627 M irk- 1 street. •
Special Information supplied dally I >
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Rureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. THephnne Main IX3. •
In almost every county In Kansas th#>r«»
are fine farms owned and operated by
Kansas women without the aid of men.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Hat been u*ed for nrty years by millions of
mother* for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the rums, allays pain, cures Wtnl Colic. reg-i
lates the Bowels and Is th« bent remedy for
I'larrhcfas, whether arlsin< from teething; or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. lie sure and ask for Mrs.
inflow's Soothing Syrup. ZSe a bottle.
Personally Conducted Excursion*
In Improved wlde-v»«tibuled Pullman tourtit
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Root*. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur
nlnns to look after the welfare of pasaenrers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To Bt. Lou:s
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. C 2» Market street.
• ♦ »
The Fastest Train Across the Conti
nent.
_T>e California Limited. ; Santa Fe Rout».
Connecting train leave* 6 p. m.. Monday,
Wednesday, Friday and Pafurliy. Flnett
equlppe 1 train and best track of any line to the
East. Ticket office. «3 Market st.
MOTEL. DEL Take aSiasjUgs.
of th* round-trip tlrk-ts. Now only fW by
Kteamshlp. Including fifteen days' bo«rd at w •
tel; longer stay. S3 00 per day. Apply at -
Montgomery street. Han Francisco.
Twenty-five English railway* paid .n
wages to employes during th.' first hnlf
of ISD9 £tV44.'»iO more than was paid In tho
same period of IS9*— Increase of \*\
per cent. •• ••■ -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WWII* A/UaJl}
You always expect to sec
a baby plump and rosy, don't
you? Thinness ii a baby
is a disease. If not corrected
serious results follow. The
first year often determines
the health for the whole of
a long life.
stnulsiciL
is a true and tried friend to
the little ones. It gives
them just the plumpness all
healthy babies should haveINDIANS ON THE GRIDIRON.
ROLLICKING AIRS A WINNER.
• *_•'»• .. ..
OVERLOOKED
THE BEST AT
UNION PARK
p asha Kennels' Rollicking
Airs, an Outsider, Wins Bi^
Stake Handily.
t^ rV, Kenaels * i.olllcklr.g Airs, by Firm
1 rtend-Dalsy. went through the ate at
T-nlon Courting Park yesterday In dash
ins style, defeating such high-class per
»ortaerb as Rock Island King. Hot Haste.
JloyaJ Flush. Vanity Fair. Emln Pasha.
ar.d la Oio all-lmpurtar.t tinal. Crawford
tirucs.
EcUn Pasha, also vt Pasha Kennels,
finished In third plae«. In the fourth
round he had. In courting larlancc. a nat-
Hf*tw byts - Hl » Po»l"on gave him another
xn tne succeeding round, but the rulea re-
Quir« that no Jog can have two byes la
succession. This «aye tbo byo to Crawford
lirae*. placing her In the final. Rollick
ing Airs and Kmln Pasha, although from
i?« * anse kennels, then ran to decide
should start In the anal, ilolltcfcing
Airs winning.
There were a number of upsets in the
oetur.g. Emln Pasha beat Lady Emma, at
v anii S*norua beat Uncle Fuller at
»he same odds. Reannex beat Dad Hoy
at 1 to 2. bcnorlta won from Theron ut
th« same odd*. Vanity Fair beat Rest
Assured. Lncla Fuller beat Firm Friend
and Columbia beat Annie Lawrence, all at
• to 6. Vanity Fair beat O X Capitol at
4 to m*
Cash was withdrawn because of an In-
Jury she sustained In colliding with the
fence on Saturday. Narcissus was drawn
.n the eecond round because of a severe
cour?©. Daisy Clalr was drawn In the
tnlrd round for the ram« reason.
All the honors in the sapling etake w«re
5^ rr U e< ? o{t b7b 7 the representatives of M.
C. Delano. His dogs Vandal and Daisy
pale divided first and second prizes, not
belnc required to run the final. They are
by Border Rufflan-Dalpy Hill, and "were
whelped January 22 of th'.s year. The
results of the coursing, with the ofilclal
ecores. follow:
Open jtake-Aer.H3 K*anels* Arwa«nincn
»*at J. M. Haltont Oortn-« Tlashllcht. D-B:
J". A . McCoDb'i R»yal Flu«h t*at Cuitll &
Son • CoaznoAon. b-Z; J. IL Ilarrlsoa 1 ■ Hot ,
"a»!» »eat Curt.* & Pea's McKialey. 13—5; !
Pasha Kerne!*' Itr.llickinn Airs N»at Gui At**r- '
mm til *■* Hock. Island Kiss. I—2; Pa.-<ha Ken- I
nrt«" Rcaaaei Nat Mxh<r & Ilrid> Nellie
lUwn, 5-4; M»her & KeiJe Had Hoy beat n. I
1.. de Jl. 1- j-fi » Wanda *— 1: Curtin & 8on'»
Vanity Katr I eat Parha Kennel*" Hr*t A^srured.
I—2: J. Hurlty'n <.) X Capitol ran a. bye. Rox
(•■'.r.p withdrawn; J. 11. Kenneuy'a Wine \\>rt
ran a bye. Oath beir.* withdrawn; Curt!» &
Boa's NarciFJUn tx-at G. Fhirsun'i Walt n. L'.t
tle. IS— II; Cortll Ac Son'i Cavalie.r beat l'a»ha
KTrieie' Hcyal Anae. 1—0; Aoneld Ker.nWi'
Athena b»at CczmcU nro».' Ixif B.iy. I— 0; R.
11. d« It. U;*t'B M:r.r.f»»«'i beat Acnlel Ken
nrt*fl Aer.e^a. k— 4; 11. K. An4«r»on'a Crawfonl
Hrap» beat A. Vim <ler White's Cyraro, 16— 0;
ItaaMll. Allen & Wllvin'B Dairy Clalr t#at D.
J. Hraley's Macrl L*nl. O—«; Hall & Newellt
Nnr.rare:! beat A. Johr.son'n To<l Sloan. 4—2;
Manor A Reldl Uncle Fuller beat I'ash* Ken
titU* firm Fri«*n<l. 4—o;4 — 0; Connell liru*.' Senorlt*
l»«»t iieorje Whltney'B Thercn, 15—7; I'u.sha
Kennel*' Lnln r^rha hent Maher A- I».»-ll'i' l'at
:.•:;.. 11—6; Run^ll. Al'.en & WUra'a Lady
3 •■ :■ . beat Hd Kvatt'i Hurrlrane, 7—4.7 — 4.
h^cond round— ReyaJ F;u*h ran a bye. Aca
rr.fmnon t»lnif wltndrawn; Rollicking Aim t>eat
Hot Harte. 6—l; Reannex 1-eat Had Boy. !►— 6;
Vanity Fair beat O X Capitol. 16—5; Wine West
ran a by*. Narcinrut be'.njf withdrawn; Cavalier
t*at Athena. S—B;S — 8; Crawford nra«*s beat M'.nne-
Wkwa. U— B; I»aii<y Clalr beat Nonrarell, 11—16;
Fencrtta beat Uncle Fuller. 11—7; Eiala Pasha
b<*t :.fc iy Ktr.ma, &— l.
TMrd rouad— Rolllcklnir Alr« beat Royal
Flush. %— «; Vanity Fair beat Reanae.x, 5—2;
Cavalier beat Wine West. 7—o; Crawford Brae«
r*n a bye. Da:*y Oalr belac ■withdrawn; Emla
I'atha t^at Seaorlta, S— o.
Fourth round— RoJHcklrr An beat Vanity
3Talr. I—2: Crawford Brae* beat Cavalier, 1)— 7; :
Etnin Pbaaa ran a bye.
Fifth pound— Rol'.irklr.r ASr« beat Emln
Paaha, C— 2, Crawford Braea ran a bye.
Final— Rc.'.lckli*- Air* beat Crawford Braes, : :
»-«
Eat>:ir.r stake— M. C Delano' ■ Vandal beat
TV. Barry'e Bella Mac. IS— 1; 11. F. Andereon'a
Crawford Lass beat M. C. Pe'.ano's Vixen. S— 1;
J. M. Carroll's Columbia beat TV. 11. Jnnes'
Annie Lawrence. 9—6; M. <'. Delano's Daley
Dale beat I>. Dillon's Challenger. If— l.
Hecor.d round— Vandal beat Crawfonl Lam.
6—3: Dairy Dale b»>at Columbia, 14—7.
Final— M. C. Delano's Vandal and Daisy Dele ,
divided, first and second prizes.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
J. O'Shra's Young America won the
f.nai In th© open stake at IngleFifle yester
day, with Handy &. Bmllh's Jennie Wil
son as runner up A good crowd was In
uttendar.ee. The day's results follow:
Open ttalte, Cr»t tie— Joe Thrill's Forget beat
J. Carroll's Auckland. U— 4- T. I»gan's Mini
Grizzle beat Connell Bros.' MairJe Pleasant.
13— I; Mutiny A Toland^s Pleasaat Girl bra.;
W. J browclcr*s Mountain Hell*. IJ— 7; It. E.
«!•' n.' lx>r*z'§ Sara l*at J. Byrnes' Olympus,
U— <; Junn P>yrne»" Battleship beat J.
OT>owd's Khotover. 8—0: Handy & Smith's
Jr-.:-/.e Wilson beat J. Beggerson's Geld Hill.
4— J- Handy & Smith* ly-tronlus beat P.
Ford's Uor.lt*. s—o: It. *E. de B.
Lopez's Paplta beat J. Segremon's Caride
larfa C— 3; J*rr.f» Iran's Gls<llator beat liar
t«-l Bros.* Mac's >!•.■•: 0—0; T. J. Cronln's
R.r*e of Traie* b»»t George Plnto's Mischief.
fc— S; J. O'Shea's Young America beat It. L.
Taylor's (umrs) Mose. 4—o: 11. A. lieckelman's
Ixiwren<~e beat W. d Olassoa's Terronite. 7—o;
kome & Tbotswan'i Prince Hal beat Jajr.ea
Iran's Gallant. 7-:^: Joe Thrift's St. Michael
brat l>. Ford's Juar.lt*, 14—:: n. L.. Taylor's
i narr.^r) Deauty Spot beat J. IMmcnfl'* Go On.
17— S II li de B. I^i^z'b Onr-rncita beat \V.
C Gls^aon't fleiph IJells. li— 1; J. O'Shea'«
Golden Ilule beat H. Lynch' ■ Lexlncton. 4—2;
H A Deckeln?.an'« Rorkw beat M. Mlcha'.lkl'a
<;ier.roj-. 4-2; H. A. I^cck'-lman's Glen Chloe
b^at Janea Byrne*' Nellie B. fr-4;. H. A
1 .ockrlrruia'a Ssaj>*Jiot beat L. S*. K©llorj'«
l<iwa B">' t—lt — 1-
Feccad tie— Mi« Or": b»at Forcet. 5-1.
fara t»-*t I»lea»ar.t Girl. 6—4; Jennie Wllioa
1 .-.i IJattle^hlr. »-": I**Plta beat Petror.luj.
1.-2- Gla-Ilatur boat ncn? of TraJee. «-5;
You'nc America »«-at I-awrence. €— ); Bt. Mlch
■««•! beat Prtnc* HiU. 6— S; Kocker beat Beauty
Mrfit 6-1: Oarmci.'-ira be«t Glen Chioe. &— 0;
GolCm Itule »»eat batt Mlas «-«. »— J'n-
TMM tie— Sara beat Ml«a Grinle. 3—2: J'n
rlc Wllmcn beat Paj.lta, 14-S: Yotsnu America
brat Gladlatcr. U-J: Ft. Michael beat Cor
m«-nrlta. 4-«: OrM< a Itule beat Uocker. 6—2.
Fourth t:e-J«mle Wllwa beat Sara, «— 0:
To«C America beat St. Michael. *-»; Oolden
U rt*th U?*-VrtTnlt Wilson beat Golden Rule.
!•>—«■ Your* Ac:erlra a tve. .
Final— Your* America biat Jennie Wilson.
C— o.
E TO: KTON I»U RSING.
/OCKTON. P«»<\ 21.— The run-dowr.s of
thVo^oe Etal» at Goodwater Grove to-
Uay resulted as follows:
Pu-away t*at Brcr.twood; Hlsky Attempt
, ',' 's-irah Geld- Haceawty b<-at Port Coeta
IV* • \W?n'M Uw>» brat Eleo: Prtno* cf
v£I"'«or Uo Lily af the Valley; t-harkry beat
A ?£- S^Elmo beat Woodbine'; EtchaU beat
i-^'V X Clirrler heat Anna He!J: Johnnie F
At uu«n H W Brier beat Ttp: Kingston
iv li.t "ora Z- Peaceful Glen J-eat Duke of
n3 Orove- Forcl-t ila Net beat Tap Out: Di
h »^t nVttrr Thar. Gold: Ilandora Aim beat
Kupb^am- KfflT Oow beat Maimeto: ' Haxel L
?Ssd^SJ^liS?AS^t beat Prir - of
f3S«: WtaSi F bea :..]■■::: Aim: Kerry
Gl«»krG I«»kr n • Ail, K-rr: Oow an* Johnnie F
wfn to lor » Su-Won .< the Cr«t money to
morrow.
STARS TAKE
TWO GAMES
IN ONE DAY
Defeat Both Oakland and Sac
ramento, Redeeming Them
selves Thereby.
Harvey, the proud curve master of the
California League, ■ > trifled with yes
terday tfternoon at Recreation grounds.
Ti:e shining stars from all over the State
found him oft and hard, and eleven : Its,
helped aior.g by "come-a-seven" errorß,
caused a refulgent light to be oast upon
the diamond whenever the constellation
smiled. Johnson twirled for the brilliants,
and but for a single- Inning acQUlttcd him
eelf in good etyle.
The eighth was Sacramento's banner
Inning. bh<vhan went to nrst on a hit.
stolo Eecon<l ar.il scored on McLaughlin's
s!n«rle. McLaughlln purloined a bag and
touched the rubber when Me Hale rapped
out a stirf one to center.
Sacramento played a loose, frlngy sort
of a pair.*, their errors being frequent an.l
not far between. The Easterners played
better ball than on the preceding day and
had no difficulty In connecting with Har
vey's curves. Th© score Is:
SACRAMENTO.
Ali. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Me Laugh! in. 1. t.... 3 2 1 X 0 0 C
Harvey, p 1 0 0 C C I 3
McHilj, c. t 6 1 I I 1 1 v
Ea«an. s. • 1 10 13 2 c
Stanley, c I 0 0 0 S 0 J
IXtyle. r. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Shar.&han. 1 b 4 0 1 0 13 1 C
Shfehan. t b 6 1110 0 1
Etultz. 3 b 4 0 : 0 14 1
Totals 53 5 I I M< 11 7
ALJj-CAUFOnxiA.
 „ , AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van ItaHr«a. f.... fi 2 2 0 I 0 0
Hul^n. 3 b 4 3 110 0 2
Chance, c 4 0 0 18 10
Mertfi. I b 6 I 3 1 10 0 0
Lockheal. •• • I 1 0 1 ] 6 0
nellly. 3 b 3 5 2 2 0 4 0
McCarthy. 1- 1 4 1114 0 0
Knell, r. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Johnson, p 4 0 10 0 10
Total* 36 11 ii i. 0 11 "1
As \\ell-Kn<~wn Coursing Men Look to Caricaturist Warren.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 010J0020— 5
• Base hits 0 01031030— 7
All-California 1 0 4 0 110 0 •— 11
Ease hits , I 0 4 0 14 0 0 •— 11
•MARY.
Runs responsible for— Harvey 4. Two-base
hit— Mertes. Sacrifice hit*— Harvey, Phanahan.
First ba?e on error*— Sacramento 1. All-Califor
nia 2. First base on called -Sacramento
S. All-Callforn'.a 3. Left en ba*es— Sacramento
11. All-California 5. Struck out— By Harvey 5.
by Johnson S. Hit by pltchT— •:hea<l. Time
of came>— Two hour*. Umpire — John Sherldaa.
Secrer— J. W. Staileton.
MORNING GAME.
A riosr and Interevtll sr 111 played
■ '.ay mori I •• All-<"a'l-
I The Dudes, the ninth
•*ssary to turn the :
..in twirled fur Oakland
n for the staxs. The for
•. as touched for twelve hits, while
afe ones were registered against
Van.
The Dudes started the race with a win
ning Btrlde. For four successive Innings
I the boy at the board was busy adding
something to the Dudes' tally list-
In the- first Inning Lang© crossed the
plate, In the second Mosklman and Mor
row, In the third Hutchinson and In the
fourth Mosksman and Lange. But than
they stopped and the enemy began to
shoot enough men over the plata to win
the game.
In the second Inning .Rellly and Lock
head crossed the plate for the All-CaJifor
nias. Hulen added a stroke to the score
in the fifth and McCarthy and Knell
coursed the bags In the sixth. In the
eighth McCarthy hit safely and scored on
Knell's two-bajcKer. tleing the score. The
winning run was made by Chanco In the
ninth. He cantered to first, went to sec
ond on Hulen's out and scored on Lock
head's hit. The score Is;
oak:
AD. K. BH. 6a PO. A. E.
nrcckhoft. • • '- 0 10 13 0
Hutchlnson. 1 b 4 2 1 0 12 0 1
Hammond, c 4 0 10 4 0 1
Harfie. r. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
r.unl'-avy. 2 b 4 0 10 2 8 0
Mnyktnmn. p ... 4 2 0 0 110
I>anice. 3 b 4 12 0 12 0
Morrow. I. r 2 0 10 0 10
Croll. c. t _4 0 0 _f J 0 0
Total* »5 « S 0 »M 1! 2
•Two out whrn xrlnnine run was made.
AL.L-CALIFOIINIA.
Ali. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren. p 5 0 I 0 0 4 0
Merles, c 5 0 0 0 4 2 0
Chance. ii) 3 i 0 0 ii l :
Hulen. : b ... 5 1 2 1 4 4 I
l»ckhead. s. ■ 5 13 0 14 0
RHlly. : b 4 12 0 6 3 3
McCarthy. I. f 3 2 10 10 0
Knell, c. f 4 13 0 10 0
Johnson, r. i 4 11-112
Total* 3S 7 12 1 27 18 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland I 21200000—6
Bam hit* 1 2111001 1-8
All-Calif ornla 0 20012011—7
Base hits 0 3 1 1 I 1 0 2 1-12
SUMMARY.
nun* resDonslble for— Mcskiman 4. Van Hal
tren 1 Two-bai>» hit*— Knell 2. First baj<« on
called bailie— Oakland S. All-California 3. Ftr«
ba»e on Oakland 3. All-California. ».
l^eft nn ba»es— Oakland A!l-<"ai.f ml.i 7. Hit
by iiltcher— Hutchlnson. Double play— lockhead
to CUanc* to Mertes. Wild pitch-Van Hal
tren. Passed ball— Mertes. Time of same-One
hour and 4» minutes.- Umpire— Donovan.
Scortr-U. S. McFarlln.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, DECEMBER 25. 1899.
ii JL^JL^ 11 11 JU'lL^ 4^ll v \J'lf\ H £s^o
CARLISLE AND CALIFORNIA READY
FOR THE CHRISTMAS GRIDIRON GAME
WITH a "Hello, helle; who are
we?" and a "Hah. hah, hah.
California." the Indian rids
and the University blues will
smash Into one another this aft
ernoon on the gridiron at Six
teenth and Folaom streets. All the enthu
siasts will be there to see the result.
COMPLETE
OFFICIAL
AVERAGES
Authentic Compilation of the
Work Done for the
\ Season*
The averages of teams and Individual
players of the California league for the
season, which ended on March 26, has been
complied. The following averages tell
their own story:
CATCHERS.
" ' — c > ' *- T
- c a -t s ■?
9? h:t 1
3 | | a 2. 3
NAMES. : ? : : - £
•:• • — ?
••i • ? •
Rank. ::■'• : : ; •
1. Stanley T9U6411U1 12 161.951
2. Sullivan 22 IN 2S I 6;.933
J. Hammond S'j 4O9'l<tt; IS t9I.SU
4. Kent 501211] 57 g 19 ; <>09
5. Morrow 72!364l 91 23! 23:.5-JS
« Swindells 63 204 69! 15 WI.BSI
1- *'»'■« 1 45 233J54 19 13 .843
PITCHERS.
~O - > S "3
io■ 3 & i
NAMES. : Jl ? : - S
i •■ Ml?
::: : ? :
nar.k. • , : : ■I : :
1. IhurK 45 V) 127 7 4' .5-2 1 )
i. Fltzratrlck 44 :«|IS6 I R .923
3. • -klman "• 23 92 It 2 .914
4. Doyle 41[ 19;iOS 5 £ .107
6. •Tanl 27 1 8 S6 S 4 .SS6
« liali-z 2«| 16 64 10 4 .Ssl
7. Andrews 40 13 04 14 6 .842
5. D nltn 1! 9| 37 3 6 .s3«
9. Harvey 35 32, feS 13 12 .027
10. rper V 16 83 12 11 .815
11. 'VVhalen 42! lfij 97 10 18 .813
12. -her* 37j 25| :• 13 12;. 806
Xote— lncludes tie games and portions of
games.
PITCHERS' VICTORIES AND DEFEATS.
a ~z
-r. p f- -
3 § a ;a
S 2 8 iS
NAME 3. lllS
q- : i o
: a
Rank. |S • : •
1. Doyl« is 2S 11j.718
2. I'nlln 14 10 4 .714
3. Harper 33 20 13i.606
4. IJorchcrs 82 is 14!. 562
5. Fitzpatrlck 43 24 IS .558
«. HaUz 23 12 11 ,:;i
7. Harvey 33 IT it .515
8. Iburg 42 21 21 .500
9. BtefTan! 23 i; 14 .44,)
10. Whaler. 40 17 1 23 .420 ;
11. Moeklman 23 12 1: .414
12. Andrew* 3: 1; 22 .405
Note— Does not Include tie games nor por
tions of games.
FIRST BASEMEN. '
3-> - -
OC2 t o
371 3 3
« o • a <■
NAMES. •" §\f * I
:: • n
' '. • • '. ' °
Rank. : 1 : : i : :
1. O'Connor 40;<24 2S 10 .97U
2. fielna C0|491 li 13.971
3. Hutchinson 63;61S 29 IS .972
4. Sullivan \c..?;.* 4S 22 .971
6. Strelb l»!l90 : 6 .970
6. 1! ,n 42|433 17 15 .967
7. Courtney 23J21S 10 11 .955
8. FhanaJian M l7l 4 14i.951
9. Clark Ml' 62 21 39 1 .937
——————————
SECOND BASK
" I C| - - ~ "5
2 c p» 1 <»
371 3 3
NAMES. ? I I ? §
:F: : I
:• • n
: : : '• ?
Rank. • : : • :
T" Billings 123 4C 45 7J.91S
2. I>eeples «0 18 114 17.155
5. Plak- 80 69 64 12.917
4. Anderson D0|143 162 30 .910
5. Btulz 77 157:23) 33 .2 is
6. Williams CS 1551140 SO .907
ro'Ne'.ll S3 84 134 26 .553
LI
'iDunlcavy 82 81 62 17,.
9. Rlley IS 46 H 11|.584
thourh the rreat majority have picked
the Indians for winners with a big score
on their side of the line.
California's coaches say the blue and
gold eleven has a fair chance to win.
Coach Warner of the Carlisle eleven and
Director Thompson of the Indian school
say "nay" to this, merely because they
are strong In the belief that their men
form what they have no hesitation In de
claring to be the strongest eleven In
America. Not until two hours after the
line-up will the general public bo con
vinced one way or the other, and then
there will be enough post-mortem In
dulgence to last until next Christmas.
The Indians passed a quiet Sabbath, at
tending church In the morning and rest-
Ing In the afternoon. Director Thompson
cays his men are In fine fettle and ready
for any old kind of battle. Captain
Wheelock. who Is the victim of a bad co!d,
will probably play In the game, thus keep-
Ing the original eleven together. Califor
nia Is not bo fortunate, the team not being
In the very best condition, nor is It the
same Individually that churned Stanford
to a pulp.
The officials in to-day's game, which Is
scheduled for 2:15 p. m., will be Ben Dlb
blee. the famous halfback of Harvard,
and C. W. Goodwin of Yale. Tickets will
be sold at the grounds this morning at 10
o'clock.
The elevens will 'Ine up In this way:
THIRD BASEMEX.
C. - > X "3
S ? I 1 : 3
Kirn " Ul f I
• • • '. ■■*
Rank. i : ill : :
1. Rlley 7in»l9e'S3i .903
I. Dever«aux U6 183! 40 .SS2
1. I^nire 94|112 IM 46 .S6S
4. ODea 22 41 40 14 .852
6. Sheehan 63! SI 136 40 .844
6. lirockhoff 57 1 74 117, 36. .841
SHORTSTOPS.
_________
I C.? :fi J
s
S »- 'S -I . <•
NAMES. * I c « ■ 3
: « ■ : ■»
. " : • is
I ■"•'•'■ li ?
Rank. : : : ;| :
1." Klelber 45! 99:130! 2S .S3l
2. O'l>a IS I 2S 53 10L?s50
3. Eagan "\ 144 20S 4$ .S.V)
4. McCarthy 40! 92.1101 _• .87?
6. Pchmeer 9.> 21.V30S -• .856
«. Kruu 77:i93.251| 73 .843
7 Babbitt 30 3Sj S4[ 24;.546
5. Lrake 21 29 58 20i. 813
9. Arrelanes 17 27 1 47 [ .77)
FIELDERS.
: ?■ ~ > r. -.
m 'c ? a <»
37J 3 3
355 ■ 3
NAMES. : J : : a
•.: : "
:.:;■»
Rank. |J • • : :
1. McOu'-ken 43' S9 9 21.980
2. HUdebrand 591119 17 c 1.964
3. Graham 30 45 S I .Ml
[Donovan 7: I_s 16 8.946
4. ■ M "kin-.an 45 97 10 6.946
IStrelb 421 SO 9 8|.94«
7. roll 24 44 4 31.941
I. Drennan 70 163 1 11 12;.935
9. Doyle 34 54 2 4|.933
10. Bhanahan 57 1 35 6 S'.Slfi
11. I'yne M 13* 17 13 .922
12. Dunleavy 43:108 10 10 .921
13. Hayes 4- 59 13 10..51S
14. Hardle SS IX 23 I_'.il4
15. Harvey 35) 6S 4 7. 911
IC. Dalrymple 83 17! 13 131.919
r Muller Si; 162 9 19' 9<X)
17. \ M<-Laut:hlln 63 94 14 12 .900
iDonlln 14 22 5 3 .900
20. Courtney 47 76 3 9!.5j7
21. Foley 125 > 3 4i.SS<5
22. Dennle i2O 17 4 3 .$7:»
23. Clark ■} 33 I 7i.5".4
24. Rice 15. 14 1 3 .831
25. Burse 25| 22 4 9;. 742
INDIVIDUAL KATTIXO RECORDS.
|| t i I ! II 1 1 VI
■ ■ : xr = = -
• names AND clubs. : " • 5 £ 1. I■ I" 2=?
I If I I ? ? s I M
: • . i - . : .. ; -'■•.*'. ,t '. •j . ■{• . s *."; j
1 I>or.lln. Santa Crux 23 ' 117 S3 \47 9 till 4 IT«M
2 Harvey. Sacramento 70 277 51 07 15 11 15 5 1 "r-A
3 Strelb. Santa Cruz 6S 272 43 M 39 2I 19 5 1 '-m
4 KniK. San Francisco 89 3-SG •:..._• 22 5 C 316
& Pace. Santa Cruz. Sacramento 51 196 23 61 10 7 *5 * a 'an
6 Borchera. San Jo»e. Oakland ' M I 174 31 60 I J 8 2 3 SH
7 O'Connor, Sacramento ! 40 I 162 23 44 13 4 3 * 1 '«<u
5 Kaftan. Sacramento SI 323 5$ <•; 27 10 19 • - **•«
9 Shanahan. Sacramento 81 316 38 87 17 12 14 3 4 *"
10 ODea, San Jose M m 14 25 9 6 7 • 1 '0-3
II Sullivan. San Francisco 89 331 57 S3 20 3 IS 1 • '"«
12 McLaUßhlln, Sacramento ' ■ 294 M II 4» I II 1 4 '•«
JHardle, Oakland ' M m 43 87 I 4 14 6 6 .263
I Donovan. Oakland 71 770 37 71 32 8 9 • 0 253
15 Courtney, Watsonvllle, San Francisco.... 80 I 279 34 72 13 ■IIS I'- 0 25.?
16 Mosklman. Oakland S3 ' 291 3.-, 75 I 2 IS 0 ' Si 7
[Stanley, Sacramento 79 I 311 42 7S 10 15 |12 3 2 [231
iDrennan, Santa Cruz : 71 • 259 40 65 23 3 13 1 1 -1
19 Bllllocs. San Francisco, Watsonvllle , 27 I 92 14 2392100 'ho
f Hlldebrand, San Francisco 83 SS2 60 M 23 8 13 i 4\m
20 :{
iMorrow, Watsonvllle. Santa Cru« 82 199 123 73 12 8 5I 1 0 I *44
22 Sheehan, Sacramento 81 SO) !83 73 4 11 10 1 0 '243
fUrockhoff. San Francisco, YV&tsonville.. 74 I 253 55 72 23 6 9 4 0 !*4l
23 {
I r>unlea\-r. Oakland 1 gS \ 344 45 (3 21 2' 16 8 3 241
23 Muller. San Francisco ' M 815 4t 71 21 I IS 1 1 23*
26 Hammond, Oakland 91 363 5« 65 21 9 13 0 2 '231
27 McOacken. San Joee 49 I*7 24 46 10 7 10 1 0 233
f Babbitt. San Jose, Santa Cruz 31 ( 118 14 27 11 5 4 0 0 '.hi
25
IClark. Santa Cruz 85811 85 74 9 515 4 2232
30 Schmeer Oakland 95 359 47 83 31 6 12 1 1 231
fltlley, San Francisco 87 333 63 7S 26 6 18 8 6 .230
31 .
I Klelbr. San Jose, Santa Cruz 47 IS2 16 42 6 6 2 0 0 230
33 Dalrymple. San Jose, Santa Cruz 83 312 37 71 32 4 12 0 0 ' 2*7
54 Anderson, San Jose M m 27 42 '19 6 7 1 1 23
35 I.tr.Re. Oakland 94 ' 366 47 SI 44 9 9 1 2 "1
3* Hutchlnson, Sacramento, Oakland... 63 ' 237 31 52 11 3 11 2 0 219
37 Doyle, Sacramento 80 242 47 74 9 10 11 2 1 -»18
fStulz. Sacramento 77 2H 34 63 4 6 16 1 7 .214
2S {
I Swindells, San Francisco 60 23.1 22 51 6 3 10 1 1 ' 214
M O'Neill. San Francisco 65 188 22 41 11 S « 0 0 212
41 McCarthy. Watsonvllle. Santa Cruz 58 227 23 48 12 22 9 4 0 .211
42 Pyne. San Francisco fS I 349 44 73 25 5 11 5 1 .201
43 Graham. San Jose M ill IS 23 11 I I 0 0 207
44 Balsz. Santa Cruz 33 112 12 23 2 0 4 3 0 .205
45 Arrelanes Santa Cruz I 35 127 11 86 6 2 5 1 0 204
Selna. Watsonvllle I JO 177 21 36 6 13 2 0 .20J
46 .
Shea, Oakland 21 69 7 14 1 0 2 0 0 203
Pceplca, Sacramento, Oakland 4» ISS 23 37 5 6 7 10 200
48 Plake, Watsonvllle 35 130 13 86 5 0 5 10 .800
Franks, Watsonvtlle. Oakland 16 60 9 12 41301 .200
61 Williams, Santa Criz 62 253 40 60 10 4 6 0 0 .137
fDevereaux. Santa Crux 85 310 43 61 16 7 18 1 2 .l&«
62 {
IHanlon. San Jose 49 ITS 23 35 7 7 6 3 1 .196
64 'nil. Watsonvllle. Oakland, Santa Cruz 24 152 I I 16 5 2 3 0 0 .193
65 Hayes, Watsonvllle j 48 M 1- 32 13 3 4 1 1 .191
66 Dennle, Sacramento M 69 10 18 11001 .ISS
67 Leake. San Jose 21 75 4 14 2 4 0 0 0 .IS6
CS Harper. Watsonvllle. Oakland, Eacto 45 120 IB 21 8 3 2 0 1 .175
H Kent. San Jose 60 163 11 23 8 4 3 3 0 .171
60 Tan!. Pan Jose. Oakland 2S «6 8 14 10101 .152
61 Bunce, Santa Cruz 2.> 76 12 12 5 0 4 1 0 1.158
62 Fltzpatrick, San Francisco 4S 161 12 23 16 3 0 0 .142
63 Foley. San Jose 23 80 12 11 10 4 1 0 0 .U7
64 Huston, San Jose. Oakland 16 62 8 842210 .129
65 I Iburc. San Francisco 45 156 10 20 6 2 2 0 0 .123
66 Whalen. Watsonvllle. Santa Cruz 46 139 8 17 5 3 1 1 1 .122
C Andrews, San Jose. Santa Cruz 60 150 { 6 I 16 62 20 .106
(8 I Rle«. Sacramento. Watsonvtlle 13 55 , 8 ] 00000 .091
Downed the Youngsters.
"With "Jack" Riordon in the alley, as
sisted by Alfred Hampton, the youthful
cyclone team. White and Collins, met do
feat for the first time since they downed
Lenlhan and Kilgallon. With Rlordon in
good condition there is no player In the
local court pure of success against him.
The full scores of yesterday's games are
as follows:
O. Bozto and H. Racoulllat defeated L. Car
raine and G. Pouchau. Score: 21—9, 13—21,
21-17.
M. McDonald and B. Sheridan defeated J.
KlUlan ani M. Klrby. Score: 21—11. 1«— 21.
n— u.
T. Murphy and M. Conery defeated M. E»pen
and F. Morrlssey. Score: 21-14, IS— 2l, n-12.
California Positions. Carlisle.
Masters L— end— R., Schoulder
Clay L— tackle— R Wheelock
Gr«»i&ber* Lr-ruard— R Warren
Cornish center Smith
Athern R-iruarJ— L Redwater
Pringle .• X— tackle— L Pierce
Womble R— end— L Rodpers
Ellis quarter Hudson
Hal! I^-half- Miller
Smith half— L Seneca
Kaaraberf fullback Metoxen
3 3 ess 1 1 I % §
clubs. Iffjlp :1 ; s
?i : *i : : : ? : }
_ : _ ili; jj I
Sacramento I'll 9 S| 547 30' 4 Sl> .«')
San Francisco ?.. 11,13 •" 7,4 «1 3|39 .J2J
Oakland 8 ■ .. IS C 844 49 3:95 .47 J
Santa Cruz 6 7 12.. 5 E!35;4S 2 85.421
•WatsonvtUe 5 4 5 6.. 5|252S ..50 ....
*San Jong 2! 4 3 3| 5 ..;23;g7 ..{aOJ
Lost 7. |So|4llttlU]2Sin| I I l I
•I»!FbanOd Bectember 1.
TEAM BATTING.
O *3 B 2 9
NIMi
club, • * : xt 3 2
■ : i : . F I S
£.-:'»:
• i • ? •
Sacramento SI 2920 422 ! 741 I 154 I .253
Santa Crux 85 Bit 374 675 171 I .235
San Francisco.... ■• 3103 433 723 Ml .233
Oakland 95 3210 • 745 201 .2XI
TEAM FIELDING.
oi •? > s ~~
S£B q 5
£ a 2
CLUB. ? - « ? a
• : • • f
• '. • *
• • . j o
Sacramento SI I 2200 1028 i 259 I .925
San Francisco S3 2371 1254 M .923
Oakland 95 2347 1227 32$ .920
Santa Cruz S5 221S 10G3 339 .906
ERRORS PER GAME.
§6E I s
Z~- ' Z
GAMES PLATED "WITH. I 6*9 C
ss\ 5 I
\\ ■ f
?: • *
No Errors 3 1 4 j SI 2 1 17
1 Error 15 8,11 ' 7 41
2 Errors is 21 |20 14 74
3 Errors is is v -i 6)
4 Error* v u| n n 6i
5 Errors : 9119 5 40
6 Errors 4 : * 4 g 23
7 Errors 2 3 8 6 IS
S Error* 4 i : : 11
9 Errors 11114
11 Errors 0 0 0 1 1
14 Errors 0 0 0 l 1
15 Errors 0 o^o 1 1
Total panes 81 ) 89 ) 95 ] 85 ) Ht
Total errors 2:3 239 m 339 jns
Average errors rer club r>er game. SV4.
M. Hasch and W. H. K"!ian defeated W. H
Sleberst and G. B. Hayward. Score: 21—19
Ij— 2l. 21— 1C.
P. Uutchlnurn and B. Bheehan defeated J
Da!y ani J. Ward. Score: 21—16. 11— 21. 21—19
E. White and R. Rejll defeated T. Serres and
A. Whueman. Score: 21—10, 12—21. 21—14.
B Pheehan Jr. and J O'Brien Uefeated D
Ganey and C. Darby. Score: 21—8. 11—21. 21 — 17
..-tarnetto and S. L'ri defeated R. Murphy
uil J. Bwtott Score: ri— l9. :'l— 2o. 21—15.
J. Riordon and A- Hampton defeated J.
White and J. Colllni. best three In five.
21-14. 21—16. 12-21. 17—11. 21-11.
Play will bo continued In the court this
afternoon, at which the youngsters will
be given an opportunity to redeem them
selves from their defeat of yesterday. In
addition to this, Rlordon and T. Murphy,
tne Antioch champion, will play against
each other.
ALL-C/\LIRORNIAS WIN AGAIN.
RIFLEMEN AX SHELL MOUND.
DR. RODGERS
WINNER OF
THE MEDAL
Lively Competition Among the
Riflemen for Valuable
Cash Prizes.
The Germanla Schuetxen Club held Its
last shoot of the year at Shell Mound
yesterday. The competition In several of
the matches was lively to the very end.
The club had a very Interesting pro
gramme, and one that Induced the best
shots to got Into the race. In the re
entry mafches a beautiful prize was of
fered by F. H. Bushnell for the best ten-
Bhot scores of the year, one entry a
month, the trophy to be known as the
Pacific championship medal. In this con
test there were a number who DMdl :i
good start, but the fight narr
to Dr. L. O. Bodg«n an.i I\ I" >■
who ran neck and neck for a long time,
but the former forged a little ahea I
the last entry put him a dozen points In
the lead with a totai of 2224. In thj
onl he hohLs the best eight single entry
scores on the c ast.
The club also put up J4j" to be com
peted for in a three-shot re-entry mat- h.
best ten scores to win II" 1 . The other
prizes ranged from thl.s figure down to
fc" for the eight best. Anoth
prizes ranging from $20 to JS wai ..ftVn-.l
for the best centers In the same match.
In reality the best center fell to
DR. L. O. RODGERS, WINNER OF THE BUSHNELL MEDAL.
Ahrens». whose best center was per'
th»» needle's point: but he failed to win the
first prize on this because be wai .1 winner
in the main match. Then wai very lively
competition between Dr. L. '
rin.l D. B. Faktor for the first 1
two tieing on an average of about 72. and
they were unable to better ti.
The first money, however. f>Ml t.> l-'aktor.
as he had one or two 71s more than the
doctor, who fell to the second prize
of $*'. The exact scores and winners
of the yearly contests will Dot be known
until the committee has a chrir.ee I
over the reoonls. Th»* distribution
take place on the second Friday in Janu
ary at a banquet to be held at California
Hall, M Hush street.
During the day in the Bushr.eH compe
tition ten-shot record medal D. B F.iktor
made m, J. Dtscbi|| I Df I- 0
ri 222. In addition. th«> club held
Its regular monthly contest for cash prlsea
on the bullseye target. h*<i centers 1
ured by machine. The winners were the
following:
First. A Junsblut 405 p> lnts; tecood. R
:. third. J. Utschlg T'-'i; fourth. D. B.
FaktOT 506; fifth. \V. (i<etze 90«: «ixth. J.
seventh, 1.. Haake I^3 : elichth. H.
r I05o; ninth, J. -le %\ 1' U7»; tenth. l>r. L.
O. Rodrers USI; ele\-enth. I>. Salfleld 1231.
The regular bullseye shoot of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Vereln brought out
a large attendance. E. 11. GoetM made a
very fortunate shot, which measured
S2-1000 of an Inch. The other prize winners
were rewarded In this order:
First. E. H. Goetze S2 points; *econd. J. C.
Waller 324: third. Auk. H. Tape 481; fourth. J.
Utschlc Mi: fifth. L>. Salfleld . 4; sixth. It.
Ptettin TM; eeventh. J. 'I" Wit s;4: Hshth. I-
Haake .vT: ninth. J. Gefkla »:<O. tenth. Aug.
Meyer 10SO: eleventh. V. H. Talct.>r lttST;
twelfth J. Thcde 113: thirteenth. J. Lankenau
1136; fourteenth. F. Koch lttl: fifteenth. H.
Hubcr 1155: sixteenth. W Goetze ITS 3: «*ven
te^nth. H. Huppert 12*S: eighteenth, C F. Kust
16U»: nineteenth. F. l\ Schuster Vm2; twentieth.
D. Dunker 21M.
There was some splendid shooting In the
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club. The
ten-shot coast record for the year was
broken by F. E. Mason, who made 2M
rings In his single entry class medal
shoot. V. B. Belknap was another who
received congratulations for his good
shooting. He is a recent addition to the
ranks of rltleraen. and has never been
rated as among the top-notchers of the
club. It happened that J. K. Gorman was
absent from the team shoot for the out
door trophy, and llelknap beat three oth
ers in the race for substitute. In the real
match he scored 91 points, standard Amer
lean targ«t count. In the team contest
1> W. M^Laughlin was high with *J3. the
highest that has been made in the match
so far this year. The scores of the club
were as follows:
Rifle, class medal, ten shots. German twenty
five rln«: tarc>-t. one and two scores— F. E. Ma
son 234: C. M H*nil.T3on. 222— 219; K. \V
Belknap. 212-211: J. F. Oridgas. 204; A. E.
Dorrell. 217; E. Wan:.-. 1S«; J. Kullman. IS4.
"Outdoor life" rifle contest, one entry of ten
shots, standard American target, first •'•am—
Cartaln Mason. 85; F. B. Iknap. »i; Dr. L.
O. Rodger*. M: V. W. McLaughlln. S3; F. C
Schuster, **: I>. B. Faktor 71. Second team—
Captain Mason. 85; Dr. I. O. Rodrers. 7S; F.
V Schuster. 84: I' B. Faktor. 75: F. B. Belk
nap, 86; D. W. McLaurhlin. S6; first total for
November, 60«: second total for December. 4M.
Pistol, class medal, one or two 1 -hot --ores,
fifty yards. Standard American target— J. E.
Gorman. 94— 94; F. K. Brldgas. 81; J. Kullmaa.
51; C. M. Henderson, 75.
The monthly class medal shoot of the
Norddeutscher Scheutzen Club brought
out a fair attendance, but no very re
markable work was done, three of the
classes not filling. The scores, 20 shots,
German ring target, were as follows:
Champion class, not filled; first class, not
filled ; second class. O. Schenkel 332 rims, third
class, not filled; fourth class. Gus Hohman 347;
best first shot. C. F. Itust U; best last shot.
Gus Schulz 23.
SHOP LIFTER CAUGHT.
Mrs. Borden, an Elderly Woman, Ar-
rested in San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 24.-Mr?. Jrsephlne
Borden. an elderly woman, who resides in
East San Jose, was arrested last night
while In the act of stealing goods from
the store of O. A. Hale & Co. She had
immense pockets in her dress, and when
arrested these were 1 with val
uable laces and handkerchiefs.
Of late many of the stores have suffered
from shoplifting, and the police believe
that Mrs. Borden had a hand in it. At an
emporium held by the ladlos of
nor art committee a few weeks ago one.
table was also almost cleared of valuable
art work. Mrs. Borden takes her arrest
coolly, and It Is believed she is aa old
hand at the business.
KENTUCKY
FUTURITY
ASPIRANTS
Second Payments Made on
Over Eight Hundred Colts
and Fillies.
Breclal Dt»t»tch to Th« Call.
LEXINGTON. Xv . Dee. 24. -Sectary
Horace Wilson of the Kentucky Breeders*
Association announced that necond pay
ments In the JSj.OX) Kentucky Futurity for
foals of IS'JO have been made on 543 colts
and fillies out of a possible 10S3. which Is
the largest number nine© 1893. This Is th«
tenth Futurity, and it has become the
leading colt trotting stake of the world.
The entries come from thirty-eight States
and Canada and represent the cream of
the American breeding farms. Kentucky
names 3H, New York 101. Massachusetts
40, Illinois 44, Pennsylvania 3S. Ohio S3.
California CO, Montana 27. Wisconsin 21.
Michigan IT. lowa U. Tennessee 13. Texas
13. New Jersey. Kansas and Georgia It)
each. Missouri 9. Canada 9. West Vir
ginia 8, Nebraska and Alabama 5, New
Hampshire 5. Delaware 3. Rhode laland 3.
Main? 3. Connecticut 10, Virginia and Utah
I each.
Th*» largest nominators are: Brook Cur
ry. Kentucky. 43; I'atchen Wilkes farm.
31; Walnut Hall farm. 27; Bitter Hoot
farm. 2C; Alton farm. C 1);C 1 ); Palm Alto, 20.
H. Lasher. IS; Klmhurst farm. 17; Bub
urban farm. 15; Empire City stud. II: J.
W. Bailey. James Buller Company. Chran
Bros., Malvern farm. 12 each; J. L. L'rulen
and J. 11. Warren. 11 each; Bowerxnan
Bros.. J. F. Callaway. W. \V. Evans. W.
It. Janiver and I^ookout farm. 10 each.
The remaining &>) wero nominated In lots
of from one to nine each.
There are ZX stallions represented. 23
of which have records of 2:10 or better, 43
others of _':15 or better, and M others of
2:30 or better, making €6 per cent of the
stallions that am developed sires. Of th«
mares 113 have records from 2:<Wi to 2:30,
and 174 others arc th«» dam* of from one to
six winners. Nearly 4" per cent of th*
dams are thus possessors or producers of
standard speed.
Tho nominated colts include brothers
and sisters to Joe Patchen. 2:OHi. Direct
i:m. 2:CT.«i. Planet. ZM^i. Jupe. 2:07*4. Cald.
2:07 U. Nlco, 2.05; John Nolan. 2:03; Brnt
tan Boy. 2:CS: •rectum Kelly. 2:OSH: Bu
nol. 2:<Wj: rharlie Herr. 2:10: Serpol. 2:10;
Extacy, 2:10^4; Idollta, 2:12; Boralma, 2:13.
etc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
kA •■'"" ' H-R'
Read My Book-
Free.
I have a book which tells how tha
physical body can be filled with vi-
tality, so that the nerves will jump
with life and the muscles become
strong and elastic. Exercise will be«
coma a pleasure and you will feel
yourself a Hercules In strength. In
this condition you are able to fight
disease and assure yourself long life.
It Is done with electricity while you
sleep at night. My book tells how.
If you can't call, write for free book.
dr. m, a. Mclaughlin,
70J Market it., cor. Kearny. S. T. and
cor. Sprtns; and Second. Los An«ele».
* visit DR. JORDAN'S ancA-ri
♦ HfISEUH OF ANATOMY?
A Cb m IU2ZZ7S7. tit £!«;&. &J.&I.J
\ Si The Lu;nt Ant cc«! Hionb la tk« \
m j^d JVjii_ World, >-•• - -n « «i contract* d a
9 fsal i>p«ci*Jtu r » :k« Coaat fc»t p ye*»» 0
t V*£L\ CR.JOaDAM-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ 1 Mai < -'v.i'Mttrm fr*t »r4 «r -f pftvMa V
ol' Wl TrtincM personally rt b» Ml« AM
"I fll hi "« fun i.i eery an ;-rn«-a. T
fiFil \\ti< Write r-w B~sk. p»ii.o«or«y«r A
V' I IT »*>««! MtLU lIUL (AT
A (I I* valuable bock lot mr A
7 JOHDAX . IQ&t Market St.. 8. F. W
>ffi^DEWEY. STRING &CO f^ffV
¥ J
MARI SLSl^^aSr
Radway's
Sis Pills
purely veaHaMa nsUd and relUbU. Caoaa
p«rf ■ -~t dlseatlon. complet* ateurpcica aa4
h-altiiful rrfc-ulailtjf. -.
For it* curt cf all disorders of th» Stomach.
LJver lu^-'i- Kl '.ney». Bladder. F«mal« It-
reg-ularltlti. Etck Headache. BlllonsMM. Co*,
■UpatlOß. Pile* and all d«ran<tm«nt* of tb«
Internal Viictra lie a box. At Drofstata,
cx by mali RaD'.VAT A CO New Tar*.
56
ARRESTED FOR DRIVING
H!S HORSE TO DEATH
JAMXS FORD FINDS TROUBLE
AT THE PARK.
IM by the Band.
Tree Lo:.d»d With Presents at
Vkm 1 -rid Fun nt
Sutro Baths.
■
■
l.ato In the afternoon James H. Ford,
who resides at 3016 Twenty-fifth Mrcet!
■n-.n* arrcFti-d for driving a horse to death.
Tnrd was speeding h!s horse out by the
Oiff. nnd wfcrn It became weary the
reckless driver kept urging It along.
Finally tho wearied animal staggered and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ _
(■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■l
SPECIAL LINES
ROR
TOMORROW, TUESDAY.
100 Dozen Ladies' 2-clasp Genuine French Kid
Gloves, embroidered backs, in all colors and sizes, each
pair fitted and guaranteed. These gloves arrived late and
will be oold at a sacrifice. Regular price $1.25, reduced to
75 cents per pair.
Black Crepons, Series and Venetians in dress lengths
at less than half price. Most suitable for Holiday
Presents.
A Special Lot of Ladies 1 and Gentlemen's Merino
Underwear which we will close out at positively less
than cost.
lji£ Murphy Building:, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
AMUSEMENTS.
Special Matinee To Day, Christmas,
Tremendous Success of th« Great
FOUGERE
THE SENSATION OF THE : IT.
THORNE ar.d CARLETON, HARRIOAN.
ia HYLPun. <;i:rtui"i»e ri"Tl.ei»oe. Tin-:
AVEItYS, AMERICAN Hl<v;ilAPH. and
LAJ-T WEEK OF
Mr. and Mrs. .MILTON ROYLE & CO.,
In Their New Cotne4y Sketch. "TRIPS
TROVULES."
Reiien-ed fwst*. Z< cent*; f*lef»ny, 10 cents;
ej»ra rhalrs and \«>x seats. £0 cent*.
Mnttnees W«-dnehday, Saturday and Fundar-
COLUMBIA^
hvert rvemni tstjnt>at excepted)
matim:i: Saturday.
Beginning TONIGHT,
And Continuing for a Limited Entrapment.
Ll.-Mrr & Co. Pr^j-ent
HALL CAINCfI POWERFUL PLAY,
THE
CHRISTIAN.
BEATS NOW ON PALE FOR FIRST FIF-
TEEN PERFORMANCES.
FPETTAL MATINEE NEW VICAR'S DAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
A MERRY XMAP TO EVERY ONE!!
TWO PERFORMANCES TO-DAY.
MATINEE AT 2 AND EVENING AT t.
The G'j!X'-ou« Holiday Extravaganza.
LITTLE 80-PEEP
Prrscr.t«d by a Great Ca»t of Artlstf!!
"BUTTERFLIES."
8e« th» nrtlllant Tranfformitlon,
Cling Ihe L'.ttle <*n<>» to Witnenn th«
GREATEST SHOW IN THE CITT.
POPULAR PRICES, ::. anl f.O c^nts.
Matinee* Bitardaya a*id N«-»- | aar Day.
Beat* r.n Pale (tni« W«>rk Ahead.
Trteghww. IJunh 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
XMAS MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT : ni Entire Week.
Come and f=eo Oar Howery Boy.
CHIMMIE
FADDEN.
WITH A GREAT CAST!
g£S?* 15c 25c 35c 50c
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY and SUNDAY
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE.
Tfco Smallest Actcr on Earth,
In NEW SPECIALTIES.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS,
In Her SPECTACULAR MIRROR DANCE.
ELLA BLR!. Coasting the Chutes.
and a GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
Cheer up in th» "CAUERET DE LA MORT!"
CHRISTMAS TREE FOR THE CHILDREN
THIS AFTERNOON.
ffbeb* Car fcc»u. Park 2X. %'£>?■
fell dead. Ford was token Into custody
and charged with cruelty to animals.
An accident occurred near I^ake Honda
on tin- Almshoi road. Karl Kails and
A. NYlson were out driving and were pre
sumably huving a pood time when their
horso took fright and ran away. The oc
cupants of the buggy were finally spilled
into the road und the horse continued on
Its night until "lassed" by Mounted Of
lUcr Arallands. Karlson escaped unin
jured, but Nelson had a lacerated scalp
sewed up at the Receiving Hospital.
Yesterday was a merry day for the
youngster* at the Chutes. After the usual
I bill In the theater a big. well laden Christ
mas tr«H« was set up on the stage and the
I youngsters were all Riven presents. An
other Christmas tree ns well loaded has
teen prepared for to-day.
Following are the results of the aquatic
eont«-Ms at Sutro's Baths:
fiO-yard race— Won by F. Rotjen, P.
Rnrstrum second.
100-yard race— H. Thickens first. F. Rors
trum second.
101-yard tub race— F. Bternberg first. T.
t O'HrlVn second.
High dive— J. Btlllgea first. J. McCor
mick Feeond.
Springboard dive — F. O'Brien first,
G«-orge Carroll second.
T'nder-wnter swimming contest—
Jackson first. li. Grogln second.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER^
.-AST N,OHT TST S rS^gN THE CWBAT.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Cumberland '61 1 '
A POSnTVB SENSATION T
X \\
ncr and on Pnrh an EUbotmM Scale (II
16 NEW. THRILLING SCENES
nON-T FAIL TO BEE THIS PLAY.
w t^w^i&^^SL^ Jan- !
vary (-■' WITH FLYIN : - * ' J *
SPECIAL.
Tuesday. Thursday and Friday Afternoons i
IXTfir.ber ICth. ISth and 2Mh, at 3:13
o'clock the Only Aj t«»aran<-.'» o ' the
Renowned Runslan Pianist,
vlal.m d r PACHMANN.
RESERVED SEAT?-?:, $1 tA. $1.
Fale win l>e resumed at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s
Mui>ic Store To-morrow at S a. m
PTEINWAY PIANO USED.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE ■■■.■: 532.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M. SHARP
USUAL PRICES- SSe and tie.
And ThU Evenlnn at 6 Slian>-<'cl<-Ksal and
Utautlful I'rodurtlon of the Famous
Extravaganza,
SINBAD
Py lal nrranifrment with I>avld Henderson
MAGNIFICENT TRANSFORMATION. ' '
GRACEFUL PALLETS AND MARCHES
NEW BONOS. NEW JOKES
EVERYTHING UP-TO-DATE.
In consequence of the enormous expenM no-
re^sltated »■>• this mammoth production the i
following r<rlro» will prevail :
<»rch«ftra (first el«;ht rows) 7,-, o !
P.aUnce of house "5c and r»Oo '
t;iUlerl.-« IQc and !.-»«• j
mfiamrfra-
THE PEOPLES POPULAR PLAY HOUSE
Md/ and Jonei flu. PHONE. SOOTH 770.
MATINEE TO-DAY*! TO-NIGHT!
LAST WEEK.
SUCH A HEADACHE!
• ;
: Would you believe It, that our *how *
: la*t week made us a world of patrons for : j
: the future. . |
• i |
Tli* Greatest Colored Show on •-th
BLACK PATH Troubadours i
Everything New Thl* Week.
POPULAR PRICES.
F.venlnt; K,c. Be. Sic. DOc and 7to
Matinee l>, ;>, Ss<; and .'.<•<•
Next Sunday Night— Murray and Mack In
"FINNKiAN'S HALL." Heats Tbunxiay.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
Winter Mectlr.*. December IS to Dm. SL in-
clusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Raring Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five vi mere, races each day.
J'.aces ►wt at 2 V. p. m. sharp.
l">rry-U.at« leave San Kninclaco at II m. and
12:30. I. 1 .SO. 2, i:XO and 1 p. m.. connecting
with trains Mopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two can on train reserved for la- i
dles and their escort*: no smoking. Buy your
ferry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric oar* at F<?Venth and Broadway, Oak-
land. Alto all tr»lns via Alameda mol» con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
mid Broadway, Oakland. These electric cara '
ro direct to the track In fifteen minutes
R« turning— Trains leav« the track at 4.15 and
• *'" i>. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS .JR.. President.
R )■ MimOY. Secretary.
* ♦♦ «■
< The luxury, comfort, eonTenleooea. , '
i cuisine and mod«r»U coaxrea tutrt
i i *i> •» tha
PALACE and
GRAND I
♦ i
i betels a repntatloa that Is known wh«,. «
»rer the English language 1a spokea, I
• Connected by a covered Miuunwu-- I
I 1400 rooma-900 with batha P""**"* 7 ♦
} JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Ituuw. J
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, DECEMBER 25, 189f>.
HOW THE WOMEN
WRESTLED WITH
THE DEMON RUM
Mrs. Lucy Thurman
on Temperance.
LECTURE ON UNION WORK
GREAT COLORED REFORMER AT
ZION M. E. CHURCH.
Interesting Address Delivered by the
National Representative of the
Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union.
1 Mrs. Lucy Thnrman, the great colored
temperance worker and national repre
sentative of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union, delivered an Interesting
address yesterday afternoon on "Tempi
ance Work and Its Results" at the Starr
j King African Methodist Episcopal Zlon
Church. Mrs. Thurman Is one of the fore
most colored women of America. In her
address yesterday Bhe told the result* of
twenty-five years of organised effort in
the temperance movement. She traced
the advance which the V Oman's Christian
j Temperance Union had made since the
MR?. LUCY THI'RMAN.
woman's crusadp, from which it sprur.p,
was promulgated twenty-six years ago In
the little town of Hillpboro. Ohio.
"In the first year of the peaceful war
waned against the demon of intemper
ance." said Mrs. Thurman, "there were
250 loons closed in that town, and the
pood work has been pomp on steadily
since then. One of the Rood effects of the
temperance movement has been to bring
together representatives of all denomina
tions, and they have allied themselves to
the common cause of humanity. Another
result Is that the great evanßelical
churches have discarded the use of fer
mented wine. They use the pure Juice of
th«- srape instead.
"But the most important result to mv
mind l.« that accomplished by the depart
ment of scientific instruction, whereby to
day 19.W0.0u0 children aro taught in* our
public schools the evil effects of alcohol
and narcotics, it was no «-asy task to go
before the I-eßlslatures of the different
States to brlnp about this reform, but
Mrs. Mary Hunt set about her task with
wonderful energy, until now there are hat
three States In the Union where this im
portant subject is not taught in the
nrhnnltt "
Thurman hns the distinction of be
liik the flit I woman to j<>ln the
if i';. Woman's Christian Temper
national super
ior twenty six
In public worli for ■
ntury. Sho waa president
of th. ■ man's concresa, l»> !<1
In Atlanta. Qa., l?i IBS, and she 1h now
f th<- Association ol ■
\\ on» n in Mi' Mean. Bhe »..
r,f th«» pallbearen for Mtss i*rnnccs wil
■ • world's national president of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
v died. Mrs. Thurman hn
lecturing - :i Portland during the
•!. lU< h §UC( MB that she
to return ther
■■
MUSIC AT FIVE PARKS.
Thousands Enjoy Entertainment Pro
vided by Central Improvement
Clubs.
The music provided by the Central Im
provement Clubs at five of the public
squares In this city yesterday afternoon
drew Imrtp crowds of people to the pleas
ure grounds and many were the expres
sions of good will for the projectors.
Hands of twelve pieces had been en
gaged to play from 1:30 to 4:30 p. m. .it the
proposed Mission Park, opposite the Girls'
High School on Eighteenth and Dolotes
streets; at Union Square Park. Post
Etreet; at South Park, near the foot of
Third; Columbia Square, Folsom street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
#-O-":--OVO- J 0- J -O • O • C-- v-v : O-O*> •■OiO;0O i O ; 0- i -C> i -0 ; C >: O : O-->"> ; O'O ; O#
I S. STROZYNSKI CO., I
| »E.t«biiBhcd 1872. 24 Geary St., near Kearny, '§
£ __ _ tO THE LEADING ESTABLISHMENT $
ft jf&L OH ™ E COAST ~~ f O
# r**^x We make the most artistic Wigs and §
■•> f/'Z~§L Toupees, dress the hair most fashionable, at i>
«"'/^Jv V^ reasonable prices, besides employing ex- %
$ Mm ■ % *&J*2& perts only. Our imported Broux Mixtures 2
<> ;^V ~Jf for restorin S gray and bleached hair is the «
x \\|/ ' -y^A standard preparation and harmless. &
5 /vly\J Tmls> Our imported novelties for face and hair *
\ V X Ss\ ]A /S^ are tne best in the market and up to date. ?
'& *\ \w(*<TU You alvva $ set your moneys worth in our §
rt x \\r*J I** place, and you know we have a good reputation. V
v; > "* We superintend everything personally. a
| B. J. RYBICKI. L. E. McCLOSKEY. §
Eye-Glasses
Stay On
When they pinch a sore place on the
nose, but our clip stays without a pinch.
Blip or tilt.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick re-
pairing. Factory on premises. Phone
Main 10.
owwansOs*&»
642 Market St. instruments
V «*»t* CnCMiClt BvnO'xi. ' ' .
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Bpreckels IlM|.
Telephone Brown S3l.
Recldenca. £21 California St.. below Powell.
, Ban Francisco.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
near Sixth and at Washlnffton Square,
I'nlon and Stockton stre.
The object lesson of the Improvement
Clubs to show the absolute necessity of
public breathinp places fully served its
purpose, f..r people in all walks of lite
were present In urcm nun
The Mayor visited one of the parks for a
brief time ar.d was highly pleased at the
success at the plan, it Is estimated that
twenty thousand people gathered at the
five purks tli.rltiß the aft« moon.
WILL TOAST THEIR CHIEF.
Christmas Observance of Knights
Templar This Morning.
Tho Cbrlstmi • of tne
Knights Templar will take place t iis
morning at <j o'clock In the Asylum of
indery Na If, at US
Butt< r stn rt. In : with in-
Btructions Irsued by | ■ committee r>p
1 at the last Grand Kncampment tlie
sir Knights of California Comma ndery
No. 1 will join th<!r comrades and drink
a toast to Host Eminem Grand Master
•:. Hedley Lloyd Btephen Berry,
man ■ f tho v>r. ■ • ntly sent
.1 communication from Portland, ■■
as follon
"Win you join In these sentimenti on
Monday, December Btb, and will you ex
the Invitation to jrour command, as
well as to all Templars' and their friends,
wheresoever dls] n land or un
sea."
Then follows the toast whloh. In ♦he
'"til- follows:
■"l"" ■•■nt < Irand sfa
d Hedley Lloyd: May the l-<' r d
send him all the I which his
faithful Knights wi.-h him on this marry
The toast win bo recited by Joseph C.
Campbell, Rmlnent Commander of Q
1 ommandei \ and after it ha -
drunk In tparkllng wine the following te
jrd"
U■ . He, who provides
ail thli iw you with wisdom and
• t<> :llustrate In your lives and con
duct the principles taught by Him, P
■ w« i !.; - da) 1 tnn
Thrmiichutit the Jui let at exactly
in- moment all Sir Knlrhtfl will
drink the fame toast
An oration by Bamuel M sh rtridire will
conclude the int.
MASONS REMEMBER
THEIR MANY WARDS
CHRISTMAS TIME REUNION AT
THE DECOTO HOME.
Useful Gifts to the Aged and Pres-
ents for the Children— The Best
Boy and Girl Rewarded.
There was a happy gathering yesterday
at the Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
Home at D to. The members of the
fraternity had well remembered their
wards across the bay and the latter ap
preciated the favors shown. The home
now has about fifty Inmates, about thirty
of whom are children. The matron, Mrs.
I. H. Alkin, had discussed the coming of
Christmas with her charges and learned
fairly well what each would most appre
ciate as a Christmas gift. She com
municated the Information to C L. Pat
ton, the president of the board of trus
tees of the institution, and he appointed
as a committee to secure funds for gifts
Judge Carroll Cook, Edward Peabody and
W. Frank Pierce. Thai they worked well
Is shown by the fact that nearly |GOQ was
soon ready for disbursement.
•his sum Islam Temple subscribed
HOO, California Chapter £A and the bal
v. as maile up by individual sub
tlona. Then Mrs. Alkin's list came Into
ÜBe. anil every male number Of the home
provided with a .-lilt of clothe ..
sundry articles wished for. Every woman
ed v dren and outer things that
make glad the hi I woman, while it
N hard to say whai the children did n<.t
jjet In the way Sifts. Nearly
ull had drums amom lr presents, and
Mr. ration and about forty guests who
weal up to Decoto ye terd*'* were almost
deafened by the poui raters" racket. There
.-ii a ■•■ ristm i tree, which was
with present: and good things to
To the older r-ik Mr. Patton made
the presentation of the trustees' gift*.
The president took creat satisfaction in
annoiui' ln«r one couple an winners of spe
cial prises. Tho trustees offered a prize
each to the boy and girl who during the
year preserved tho beet conduct and made
the most progress in their studies. The
boy is Thomas Tatton hh.j the girl is
Blanch Brown, it was announced yester
day that they Stood highest, and on New
Fear's day they will receive appropriate
presents, "which the trustees say will bo
of no small value. Tin- visitors had ■
very pleasant time while rI the home, but
it pleasure wan in seeing the
Masons' war.!- made supremely happy.
FELL INTO BAD HANDS.
Wnyne Hnrris Duped by Two Men
Who Tried to Rob Him.
Wayne Harris of IIS Fourth street met
William Harrington and Joseph ftfcMul
n Mark- 1 ■ • Sixth, about
4 o'clock yesterday morning and they ln
■ ompany th< m to the Ar
l>y. When th<
H irria waa Introduced to two w m
en, II ' ' I irrlson. and
after r a few minutes Harring
ton and M> Mullen left.
Harris continued the conversation till
thrre was a knock at the door. Th<
;•• •; d and Harrington and McMul
f them struck Harris
cc an das he staggered back
a ,;rah for the money In h!s pockvt.
I Harris made a break for the door and
ran Into the street yelling for the police.
an and l'ollreman He. My
ded pnd after hearing Harris' story
they arrested Harrington and McMv len
charge of attempt to commit rob
bery, «nd the two women on a charge of
1 vagrancy.
OUR LARGE STOCK OF
fiiste 3? 1 XT 3R,
And London-Dyed Alaska
SEALSKIN GARMENTS
Mast Be Reduced Within 39 Days.
Ad. Kocour & Co.,
Fashionable DUN Dv
Manufacturing rUattlEnJ,
1:21 POST ST.,
Rooms 7 to 11. rhone. Black 3743.
WE MANUFACTURE ABSOLUTELY THE
BWELLEST AND HANDSOMEST
FTJIR. HATS
IN THE CITT.
nagpsmuMa and repairing at
ToI'LLAK PBIQXM.
OIL SAVED THE
VALENCIA FROM
VIOLENT STORMS
Dangerous Passage of
the Transport.
TURNED BACK MANY TIMES
PURSUED BY TYPHOONS FOR
SEVERAL DAYS.
But for the Shelter Offered by the Is
land of Formosa the Vessel
Might Never Have Reached
Her Home Port.
bjr the frequent and liberal use of
oil was the transport Valencia, which ar
rived y.-M.ni.iy afternoon, enabled to
|« from Manila In safety.
<>n four y. ; <aslons the violent
f-tcrms in the eastern «• ;i* obtained the
rv over the transport, and only by
running for shelter was the vessel kept
from foundering.
The Valencia left Manila on November
13, and between that port and Nagasckl
she met with a succession of young ty
phoons, accompanied by seas more than
usually violent. Captain Lane's logbook
shows that the voyage was one or the
stormiest and luckiest ever made on that
route.
Chief Officer Frank Turner's official ac
count of tlie Ki-ries of adventures and mis
adventurea of the Valencia leaves no
doubt of the genuine pleasure of the crew
at in ing able to spend Christmas ashore.
"We started with trouble, and we have
had trouble all the way over, 1 saU m»
chlef officer. "We were thirteen days
making tt. -■ miles, and b< I
Manila and Nagasaki oi ■ occa
■••• began to select "ur berths in
Davy Junes' locker. I :
weather in all my n.-a experience, and if
vnc la had not been
l guess we would have been eternally
ov< rdue, and there in no juke In that.
Out Of Manila we Struck th»* beginning of
a typhoon, and three timeu we were
forced to run for shelter and anchor off
some island. i>n oni ■■• were
forced to run for shelter under t:
of the south end of Formosa, and so vlo
leni was the weather that we lay there
three (lays before we dared to venture
out. We COUld not head the wind and the
>>a.. and in order to make the sea smooth
enough to run before it we pound oil
down the discharge pipes. In this dilrm
ma we could not understand why the Oil,
being poured down one pipe, was not
spreading as It should, but an inquiry
snowed that the boatswain was gradually
emptying a large can of disinfectant, In
the bell<f that ne was doing his part to
still the storm. Hut f"f the success of the
■ xi'criments with oil I am afraid we
should all have lost the number of our
mess.
"1 am not superstitious, but If there be
anything in the story about sailing on a
Friday we certainly got. the full 1
Of it. We left Manila on Friday, and
sailed out of our an horage at Kansas
light on a Friday, and left Nagasaki on
 and 1 do not believe any more
hard times than w<- experienced coulu be
crowded Into one trip.
"After leaving Nagasaki we again met
with hard weather, and had nothing but
north and northeast gales and head
until we made the coas«t. We were two
a Nagasaki, and left there twenty
four days ago."
The \ alenda at once docked at Harri
son street.
The transport Westminster sailed yes
terday morning with a cargo of hones
and fodder for Manila. She will go by
way Of Honolulu.
The steamer Cleveland Is to be put Into
the island trade. She Is now preparing to
port for Kahului. where she will
load sugar.
Th.- liarkentlne Tropic Bird arrived early
yesterday morning from Tahiti, occupying
thirty-nine days on the trip. She did not
ght of her port until thr..
Hinl ten days more were occupied In r< ach
ing the equator. When the Tropli
left Tahiti the U, S. S. Albatross and the
b transport Auk were in the harbor.
A NOVEL DRESS HANGER.
Simple Contrivance That Fits Against
the Wall of Any Room.
Then arc many different derlcei for the
of clothes now th.it fashion de
ls thai a womtn'l garments shrill not
j only be made in k>"»\ st>i<-, tit well anil
• ominK. but shall always h>- lri or
der. This is oot s.> difficult when th. r<>
' Is a capable maid at l\aiid to take off
the (own. bang it up, brush it. Pr
and put it in order generally. A woman!
v ■ • .. I :i. . : .'1 Statistics
prove that there are more who <i" nol
them than those Who do dO4
to use all of the new device* for k
clothe* In shape. To throw a skirt or a
wrap over s. i balr when it li taken on* is
a very foolish proceeding, ai even one
knows, for If left 1 > ii 11 1 k "ii the chair the
garment soon becomei wrinkled and shah.
by lonkinp. it is not alwayi possible to
bang It nt once in a closet with other
j clothes, as it may c dusty, and yet there
' Is not always time to Rive the needed
brushing then and there.
A woman wtio has always been able to
have the services of a maid has lately
Invented a most useful article for the
help of women who are their own maids.
This la a dress ..an(?vr, a most simple
appliance, which fits against the wall of
i any room, takes absolutely no space and
'is of Inestimable service. Like all clever
inventions. It Is extremely simple, and
consists of a brass rod iltted Into a half
sphere, also of brass, with a catch which
enables It either to hang down straight
: agalnsi the wall when not In use or to
out straight from ».he wall when
needed. On this is hung the skirt, cloak,
wrap or waist, as the case may be, as
Boon as It is removed, i..c rod being
strong enough to sustain the weigh! of
the garment while It Is ueing brushed.
When the skirt is brushed and ready to
be hung In the closet all that Is i
Is to turn the rod and It falls straight
agnlnst the wall. In some houses there
are two or mree of these rods In every
room.
In the tight-fitting skirts that are now
so much tne Rtyle such appliances as
these are of the greatest value. The
hkirt can be hung up at once after It is
worn, and there Is no danger of Its getting
out <>f shape; after being brushed It can
b" put back Into the closet on one of the
bangers on which all skirts must now
Deeds hang. Such little Inventions as
these have far more to do with keeping
clothes In order than could well be be
lieved by any one who has not given at
tention to the subject. To put a skirt
away unbrushed means not only that It
1 Is likely to bo worn again without the
' dust being removed, but also that the dust
will «et into the fabric. The silk linings
remain Intact much longer If the street
dust is removed as soon as possible Hat!
and cloaks, too. that so soon show the
signs of wrinkles and wear, can be kept
f,.r a vastly longer time If hung up,
brushed and the ribbons or laces carefully
looked after.
It Is said that these hangers are par
ticularly good for women who go out a
great deal and who are kind-hearted
enough not to want their maids to sit up
for them, and who. whon they take off
their ball gowns and opera cloaks, hang
them at once on these ro.ls The maid
can then attend to them the next morning
and they will not have a trace of being
worn, whereas if left on sofa or chair, as
the case may be. they are bound to show
signs of wear. — Harper's FtsiSl
The Champion Tattoed Man.
The most remarkable tattooed man !n
the world is Professor Frank Howard
He ha« upon his body 7SO designs In red
blue and brown. These different colors
were made with lampblack, sunpowder
soot, charcoal, brlckdust, Chinese, Ameri
can and English vermilion, Indian Ink
Prussian blue, indigo, Indian red and car
mine. Papanese and China black. It took
13 days to tattoo him all over. Professor
Howard Is a native of Providence.
■ ♦ ■
As dieting is considered one of the most
efficient aids in modern medical practice
the University of Berlin has made ar
rangements with two schools where medi
cal students can take lessons In the culi
nary art.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
SHAKESPEARE'S EAR FOR MUSIC.
Copyright, 1899, by S«7mour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to thl. coume: Dr. Edward Dowd^ Dp. William £»££•. Dr "am»toa
W. Habit. Dr. Albert 8. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson. Dr. Isaac N. D»omon, Ik. \ Id.* U.
Scudder and others.
VIII.— AS YOU LIKE IT.
The Musical Structure of the Play.
The critic may attack the law and th«»
natural science of Shakcfpcare with some
reason, perhaps, but nobody with any
feeling for the beauty of sweet sounds
can fall to admit that he had a fine ear
for music. It must have been a great
pleasure to hear him sing. If he had a
voice. And. aa a boy. his whistling must
have pleased all the creatures of fur and
feather that he met In his long strolls
through the Warwickshire woods. All his
verse Is musical, but "As You Like It" Is
the most lyrical of all his dramas. And
an examination of this most delicious of
all poetical dramas will show that It Is
not only a fantasia the scene of which Is
laid In No Man's Land, but that It has
what for want of a better name we must
call an "operatic" form. Prose In the
ANNE HATHAWAYS COTTAOt— FROM THE BROOK.
Elizabethan time was not a mode of ex
■ r "n b'-fiulrifc hißh thought or dig
nity. There were many who, like Lord
Bacon, regarded the English common
speech as a packhoree never to be immor
tal as the Latin Pegasus would be im
mortal. And bo prose-wrltlng. not then
looked on as the art it is now, was not
nt fur th>- expression of wall
ment When Shakespeare has anything
not worthy of poetic expression ho puts
it into prose, following the opinion of his
time.
There is another reason for his doing
this, Prose— rhythmical proM such
as Shakespeare writes— gaT« the effect of
contrast, of shade after light. It played
the part of the recitative in the opera.
In the first act of "As You Like It," for
instance, the scene of the orchard. In Oli
ver's house. Orlando begins his exposition
in a low key:
As I remember. Adam. It was upon this fash
lon bequeathed me by will but poor a thousand
crowns, and, as thou sayest. chared my
brother, «m his blessing, to breed me well; and
there t • glha my sadness.
The scone flows on. exposing the motive
of the play until it closes with the bar
sain between Oliver and the wrestler. The
light comedy of the second* scene is in
prose, too; but the prose is more musical
than that of tho iirst scene. Cadences
chase ona another, link and interlink:
Itosallnd. "MOW, Hercules, be thy speed.
young: man!"
OUa. "I would I were Invisible, to catch the
strong fellow by the leg!"
(They wrestle.)
Hof>allnd. "O, excellent young man!"
Celia. •If I had a thunderbolt in mine eye.
I could toll you who should down."
Aft- r th« Westler Is borne away
t!..- Duke Frederick opens, In verse, the
serlons business:
" thou art a gallant youth;
I then )ia'!«t ti Id me of another father ."
And love— a singing Cupid wreathed
with ferns and forest flowers— begins to
play the lyrical accompaniment. Rosalind
sings:
"Did you call, sir?
Hlr. you have wrestled well and overthrown
More than your enemies."
And Orlando erica, or rather sings In
the sweetest tenor, at the end or the
scene:
"Thus must I from the smoke into the smother;
From tyrant duke unto a tyrant brother;
But heavenly ItoMllad!"
Unseen reed Instruments soem to fill out
the lino with fugue on fugue. Scene 3
opens with light dialogue In prose:
Cella. "Why. ousln! why, Rosalind! Cupid
have merry! n.n a w. r.l!"
Roenllnd. '•Not one tfl throw at a dof."
The measured music begins with Urn en
trance of the <luk«\ "with his eyes full f
anK» - r." Thf maidens are exiled: but be
fore they are driven from th«> court come.-*
the exquisite nml pathetic dUOi
"For. by tins seavea, nnw at our sorrows pale.
Say what thou eaost, I ll go alonr with UkMu* 1
Tho "kit-motif" of act 2 ought to be
iriven by th<> reedii and ntrinirs and be as
simpii- and sylvan bj th" '^marvlUs"
that old French air which The
Thomas' orch< to give so ef
fectively:
"Here feel we but the penalty of Adam.
The reasons' difference; an th- ley fans;
And churlish chiding or the winter's wind—
It Is a quartet, »nd the strands of
twined harmony sound Is In every phrase
of this verse music:
"And this, our life, exempt from public haunt
Finds tongues in trees, books In the running
brooks.
Sermon* in stones an<^ cood In everything."
Amiens strikes In with:
"Happy Is your grace— "
And after the invitation of the Duke
Senior to the hunt, the music sinks into
the exquisite phrases of the First Lord:
"The melancholy Jacques grieves at that
• ... ••••••,
To-day my lord of Amiens and myself
Did steal behind him as he lay along
Under an oak, whose antique root peeps out
Upon the brook that brawls along this wood "
tte all know the rest, or ought to know
it, by heart. The duo between Orlando
and Adam Is M pathetic and noble that
it must have a solemn musical cadence—
•'And He that doth the ravens feed
Yea. providentially caters for the sparrow
Be comfort to ir.y i:?e"' % '
Scene 4 Is made up of recitative, Hcht
comedy pros- o and the lyrical movement
of the duo between Corin and Slhius:
"O! Thou didst then ne'er love no heartily*
If thou rcmember'st not the slightest folly
That ever love did make thee run Into
Thou haßt net loved; * i
Or If thou hant not nit as I do now.
Wearing thy hearer In thy mistress' praise
Th U hast POt loved: v '
Or If thou hast not broke from company
A bruin ly. as my parslon now makes me
Thou hast rot loved." '
Compare the repeated cadence—
"Thou hast not loved."
with cV ne repeated cadences In the fifth
act, scene 2—2 —
(Enter Sllvlus and Phebe.)
Phebe. "Youth, you have done me much un
«entlrneKß a
To show the letter that I writ to you "
Rosalind. "I care not if I have; It is my « tU dv
To seem despiteful and ungentle to you- *
You are there followed by a faithful shepherd-
Look upon him. love him; he worships you '
This is the prelude. How few 'readers
are conscious of the musical form of the
trio that follows: Ul in *
•tE h t o"iove"° Bhephen1 ' tel , th! youth what
Bllvius. "It la to be all made of sl«hs and
tears, and so am I for rtebe." * M d
Phebe. "And I for Canym*d«v"
Orlando. "And I for Ito»allnd."
Rosalind. "And I for no woman.
After this notice how Sllvlus takes up
the solo In exquisite rhythm:
"It In to b# all mad* of f*nta*y.
All made of panston and all m«'i<* of wltnes;
All adoration, duty i«nd observance.
All humblcnfM. all patience an 1 Impatience;
All purity, all trial*, all obedience.
And to am I for Phebe."
Phebe begins again the fugue!
"And no am I for 'i.ir.n.
Orlando. "And so am I for Rosalind.
Rosalind. "And M am I for no woman.
Phebe varies the strain:
■If this be so. why blame you mo to love
'■MM "If this b« so. why blame you m* to
love you?"
Orlando. "If this be so. why blame you ir.«»
to love jrouT*
Rosalind. "Why do you speak, too. *Wfcy
blame you roe to love you?* "
Orlando. "To her that « not here, nor doth
hear."
Rosalind's following: speech Is full of
cunning music, which or.- does not dis
cover until on© hears It read by ■ voice
that can express the Impressions of a fine
ear:
Pray you. no more of this." Tto«aUntl be
gins; •• 'tis like the howling of Irish wolves
•gainst th» moon. (To Fllvlus) 1 will help
you If I can. (To Phebe) I would love you If
I could. To-morrow meet me all tocether.
•To I'hebe) I will marry >• v if I erer marry
woman, and I'll be married to-momw. (To
Orlando) I will s.itl*fy you. If ever I «atl.«n»l
man. and you nhall t>e married to-morrow. (To
Sllvlum) I will content you. If what plea*e» you
contents you. and you shall be married to
morrow. (To Orlando) As you |ov« Rosalind,
meet. (To Fllvlus) An you love Phebe. meet;
and an I love, no woman. Ml meet. f»o, fan*
you well: I have left you commands."
A musical Interlude. in which Flymen
takes the principal part spoken through
soft melody. "still music." comes In art
5. scene 4, In which Rosaltnd. Duke senior,
Phebe and Orlando mako a quartet.
The lyrics ulng themselves*; AmlenV
solo, for Instance, scarcely needs the
i notes of the musician:
"Under the greenwood tre«
Who lovei to lie with mo
And tune hU merry not*
t'nto th«* sweet bird's throat!
Here «h«l| we se«
No enemy
Hut winter and much weather."
•Tome, warble, come." the melanchofy
J;i"iurs lings. And the chorus, led by
Amiens, responds:
"Who doth ambition shun.
An.l loves to live, r the nun.
Peeking the .'•>••. l he eats.
And ple.ine<l with what he rets.
Come hither, come hither, com* hither;
Ben shall he see
No enemy
But winter and rough weather."
It will be observed that all the delicate
effects In Shakespeare's word-music de
pend upon rhythm and not upon rhyme
The reader who tries to fir the cadence in
Shakespeare's verses must not be content
only with the usual scansion. Pentameter
lambic or trochaic rules do not Klve th>»
clew to the musical structure of "As You
Like It." One ought to go to musical
composition Itself, remembering that to
the cultivated ear word-music has a sim
ple melody which, though It can never
reach the complex harmony of the musi
cian, sings In the poet's mind and deter
mines the cadence of his verse. And hav
ing taken the form of the more simple of
the modern operas into consideration, tha
reader will, with slight pains, find Its rudi
ments in "As You Like It."
Catholic University of America.
Note— concluding paper on "As Toil
Like It" will be by iliss Vlda Scudiler of
Wcllesley College.
BURGLARS IN A DRUG STORE.
Two Captured With Thfir Plunder
Ready to Be Carried Away.
The drjß stnrr of F X Roc
enth and Howard streets
irglars at an far!; boui
morning. I n the tran
som on The rear (loop with a J!mn;
crawled through.
Policeman Jordan nnd Van Ketiron hap
pf-ne«l
open transom pr
■
hind thf count) i
in the at. >r.> ready to
did not of
At the City 1
with burglary. Th.-y K ., v .. the nan
Kdwln Jones. a plumber, and »
Sunnyside Children Zntertaiu-d
The children of Sunnyslde were rntrr
talned at a party on Saturday cvrnlnj; .it
Sunnyslde Hall. Th« 4no little one*, with
their parents, had a most glorious tlrtiC
A special message from Mayor Pbelan *c.
cnmpanled by six books for th" six litrio
g rls who presented him ns many "ou
quets on his recent visit to Sumyslde. w.n
the tlrst feature of the progrimme Tho
"ttle Ilrl|,1 lrl |, ftr « Ethel Noth.^lrrT Av/rs
FreddTe Btoeffer. Jennie O'Connor, felva
Mot.jm ami Mary Btamtni ' A torso and
handsomely decorated ChHstmns trt-o,
with an abundance of goo«! things upon
it. was a feature of the occasion. Mrs.
Gustavo Schnee. the lady president of tho
evenings entertainment, t'lstrlbuted tho
gifts. Those who assisted Mrs. Schnco
w ere « Mr w John Barrett Mlks Virginia
°, to f. ff «r. Mrs. Hansen, Mrs. Hotan. Mrs.
McMullln and Mrs. John Uarrett.
No Bones Wer« Broken.
David Woods of 34) Madrid street was
driving a team for his .'rlcnd. John Lmht
foot, a teamster lor Contractor Tutile,
yesterday morning to Golden Gate Park.
He stood on the ti>ni: of tho truck while
turning the corner it Oak and hbury
streets and reached forward to whip ud
the leader*. Ills f.>. » slipped ana he fell,
the wheels passing over his thighs. Ho
was taken to the Receiving Hospl'.nl
where It was founJ that ho had aim >m
miraculously escaped without any broken
bonta. Tho wagon waa loaded with rock.BYINGTON AND
McNAB TALK OF
APPOINTMENTS
W ith Phelan They Fix
the Lists.
-FORD SURE OF HIS JOB
TRUMAN AND SIIEEHAN WILL
KOT CONTEST.
of Health Admits Its Con
templated Assault Upon the
Charter — Civil Service
to Be Fought.
Democratic officials-elect are fining
<iown their patronage lists and getting
rvrrythl:;* rt . ady lo go , mo business vn _
-er the charter on January s. All last
they were in consultation with the
democratic leaders, and Gavin McNab's
cEJce lookfd an busy as It did for two
weeks before the convention. It trans
ited yesterday that McNab. Phelan and
U.&trkt Attorney-elect Lewis P. Bylng
ton held clobo sessions on Thursday and
1- rlday afternoons, and it lit said by Mr.
Hylrurtou'B CMmniiuit:. that his list of em
ployes waa lived at the last day's meet
ing. Also It Is said that William i. a:
:ord's appointment to one vl the JOtXn) Jobs
:a Bylsfton'a l&trshop is assured.
Aifoni was among the Ur&t to be men
tioned for one of the District Attorney's
three big positions, and coiu-ldcrablo feel
ing resulted. Them were many who
thought the place bhould be tendered to
»ome one who had beeu longer ldentUled
with tho local organization, and many
<jf the I.:--!.- ■ - modestly announced that
they could easily lay tnelr hands on Just
t!*.e man lor the placf. But Airord'a prom
inence as ex-chairnian of the State Cen
tral Committee and his wide popularity
made him a valuable acquisition to local
rank*. In view of the possible nature of
the- next State cumpaiKn. and the Mayor
und Mr. McNub Insisted upon his being
well r>luc«d. i>ylngton. it Is said, yielded
to the i<re*sur«. Eugene Deuprey and
"Little Lord Kauntletoy" J«*nks are still
11.-ted lor the other two places.
ChjnUdaleb for tho Police Court posi
tions are as plenty as cans on a dump.
That Mr. Byington proposes to hnve that
department of his olMce kep«. clean is dem
onstrated by the list of those whom it is
he has appointed. Archie Campbell.
v young lawyer of marked ability and
a large personal following us well
us that handed down to him by his uncle,
the luto Judge Campbell, is considered in
Croat lor appointment us one «>f the pros
ecuting attorneys, H. V. Whiting, a per
s-«::al lrlend of Mr. Byington. is also In
line, as Is Assemblyman "Jim" Hanley of
tho Thlrty-i-eomd Assembly District.
LoolS Ward of the Thirty-ninth District
Is in line as assistant to cither Campbell
ur Whiting.
The exposure by The Call of d M.
Bums' scheme to fight the charter with
the Board of Health was »<_> complete that
the members of that body no longer deny
they are of that mind, but they defend
their pr>..posi»d action by saying that as
the Health Board is not a State Institu
tion their fealty to the charter is not
brought into question by a suit to break
of its provisions as touch their vf
:lces.
Harry Srv.tt. tho Tax Collector-to-be.
will probably be allowed to take his office
without contest by E. I. Sheehan. who.
notwithstanding previous threats, has
'.><-««n advlced that his case against Scott
i* a bad one, so he will give up possession
peaceably.
Treasur.-r I. J. Truman, who It was also
I
■
■
. ■
IRONING TABLE LINEN.
There Is an Art in Giving It Luster
and Brilliance.
There is more In ironing table linen thnn !
has been dreamed of in many housewives'
philosophy. There Is no reason why table
linen of even a coarse quality should not ;
J-.ave a glisten and shine that is the pecu
liar property of all properly Ironed linen.
V.V .-■*<• cheap table cloth* starched t<»
gl\e th.m "body.** but If the starch was
avoided and the linen properly laundered
tiTi'l u*»»0 with silence cloth beneath it. It
tv<>uM look far better. We cannot deceive
luikw into thinking a. coarse table cloth
:- • : the finest damask texture, but we
ran have a common cloth look as well if
properly Ironed as one far more costly
improperly 1.-iundered.
Ltncn by good rights should be dried
< nly enough to make it possible to Iron it
vll. It is well nigh Impossible to iron
«.ut wrinkles that have once dried in; even
with good sprinkling this is a difficult
task t<» do, as any one may know who has
tn»d it. After the limn is washed and
rir.sej until <iulte clean, then let it hang
tn the run if possible until Just dry enough
to iron nicely. Have the Imn hot: a luke
warm iron will not do. Fold the cloth
lengthwise, if at all. for the Hrst pressing,
press hard and iron «m<M,thly until the
Tir.cn is quite dry; unl« ss it is perfectly
dry it will not have that luster and bril
liance that all well-Ironed linen has. Fold
the cloth lengthwise until it is narrow
enough to suit the taste, and then cross
vise folding is allowable.
Th<» only iw>ini« to be observed nre
Hit sr; In.n the linen before It is <lry and
iron it until It is perfectly do. This will
Insure perfect work.
Avoid March in linen as you would upon
rilk or puch fabrics. It Is entirely out of
place.
Table linen FhnuM l.c Ironed in the same
wny as table r'.oths. and all fancy fold
ings avoided. Sometimes in hotels fanrv
foldings are used, but for the home table
let the- napkins be folded in plain squares
tint t>e Ironed po perfectly that their gloss
will be an attractive feature of the table
decorations.
If Ironing embroidered pieces, these too
ehould be ironed before they are allowed
to dry. It I* best to fold such pieces ns
<Iriilles. center piece*, rtc in towels right
from the rinsing writer: have the towel
dry and roM tightly: do not let lie too
Jnng or the colors of even the "wash" em
troldrry Bilks may run. Have tho Irons
hot and' j»r<-ss smoothly and quickly, using
it strong pressure. When about dried turn
the piece to it n wrong side, and with the
embroidery face down Iron it upon a sur
f;.ro that Is soft enough to allow It to
•riFe to Its own level." Then turn again,
and If the luster of the linen has been
dimmed a little by this process press
ugaln on tho right side, avoiding the m
lirolden .1 portion. The pressing upon the
vTor.g sM- must l»e icsortfd to to bring
nut th" beauty of the embroidery and
make it thnw well. Tn point of fact, em
lirolder«l pieces lock much better "Her
once laundering. If this Is well done, than
they do ut first.
Hot irons nnd clenn. with a good ironing
board or table, covered with a folded
blanket tarked ftrmly in place, linen not
tr.,» i!rv, and :i g".,d. strong pressure, are
the main thl;ig« needed in Ironing table
linen and there Ik no reason why the
l,omo table should not look as well every
day. as far ns there points go. as when
jt lis eet for "company."— Kansas CUy
Star. ._^_____
Germany's Empress.
Thrro is probably no humane society In
whi«~h the ICaipf-rln takes such an Interest
an that nt the. Red Cross, the be.«t proof
of this being tl.at one of th<» Kmpvrur'a
birthday j)r<-F"nts to hi* consort last year
wu* t»i«* founding of a new decoration, to
be. conferred for services In the cause of
the Red Cn^s Society, from which the
row order derives its name.
It has bit-n-sald repeatedly that the
Kalserln is old-fashioned In her idea* and
do«-s rot dare to have an opinion of her
own This is Indeed a very mistaken suii
iiosltJnn for. whatever the l£mp«:ror may
I>e in rt'ate matters, he leaves family af
faire and the management .of his younger
rhlldrun entirely in his wife s hands, nnd
in thin lie is very wise. The Kmprw is
nn exemplary mother and nn excellent
boUMwlfe. under^tan.llns ewry detail,
ret only of hotis.-keeiiing. but also of her
children's education, and in these .-he
[Sno interference whatever. On the
.t her 'land when her sons have out crown
h,T internal authority the derided hv
inatiw of their education nre derided by
She Enpcror. and the loving mother baa.
iu?rhft?f tO ** °? nte « with keeping a
** tc . ul eye on her elder boys' health
dd e n de th G tlng h l r9elf M « «ou.?v to them
when y >, are home for the holidays.
h "° UCI ? cannot be said of the happy
!v?m.!! led by the Imperial family of
c-ermany i and lhe better understanding
?nrm« ex!st-^ ow (tn comparison with
m«?k r *' c ? rs) between the Kaiser and his
mother the Empress Frederick, ma) well
: to Urn pood tact an-1 lovu.g
deposition of the Emperor's wife. This
Mrtue has. Indeed, mood the Empress in
pod stead In her exalted position, and It
Helped her over many difficulties and
trials 6he had to contend with especially
tT the ,°. arl J' years of her married life.
, vu ' T Majesty, as a girl was most care
fully brought up by her mother, the
Dowager Duchess Adelheid of Schlcswlg-
Holsteln, who assuredly never for a mo
ment dreamed that her eldest daughter
was destined to such an Important posi
tion. Probably her early and simple train
ing have had a permanent influence en
th«» Empress In the matter of dress, be
cause, although she pays gTeat attention
to her toilet. -: •• Is. for ordinary occa
sions, very quietly, but. be It understood,
never dowdlly clad. State functions, of
course, demand elaboration, and at these
lh<» KniFerln looks every inch an Empress,
but for ordinary' wear she displays a great
predilection for the severity of the tailor
made gown.
phe Is careful, too. In her expenditure,
declining to pay more than the market
value for anythil A story is told In Ber
lin of how she once returned a hat. on
peeing the account, with the remark that
Fhe could not afford such a price. The
rebuk* bore fruit, for since then milliners
are no longer exorbitant In their charges,
even to those not born in the purple. The
Empress is a deeply religious woman and
church affairs have her ever-ready sym
pathy. Nearly every new church It pre
sented by her with a handsome Bible, in
which her Majesty always inscribes a
text in her own handwriting.
HAYDN'S UNHAPPY WIFE.
The Composer Married Her Merely to
Oblige Her Father.
Haydn married not the girl he was In
love with, but her sister. "Haydn, you
should take my eldest daughter," Bald
Father Keller, the barber, and. as Keller
had done a good deal for Haydn, the com
poser felt that he must sacritlc© his af
fections upon the altar of duty and oblige
the old man. At the time of the mar
riage. In 17G0. • ■■... 29, while his
Anna Maria, whs 32. There does not ap
pear to have been much love on either
side to tart with, but Haydn declared
that he had really begun to "like" his
wife and would have come to entertain
a stronger feeling for her if she had be
haved in a reasonable way. Unfortunate
ly. Anna Maria had neither rhyme nor
reason in her composition. The enter
taining Marvllle says that the majority
of ladies married to men of genius are so
vain of the abilities of their husbands
that they are frequently insufferable. Bui
Krau Haydn was not a lady of that kind.
The world had emphatl proclaimed
her husband a genius, but t<> Maria it was
quite immaterial whether he wore a cob
bler or an artist. Nay. sh«i even commit
ted the incredible crime of using the com
poser's manuscript scores for curling pa
per, us underlays for pastry and similar
things. She was gay enough with It all,
too. *
When Haydn went from home she
would send him the most cheerful little
notes. "Should you die to-day or to-mor
row." ran one of these missives, 'there
U not enough money left in the house
to bury you." At another time, when
Haydn was in London, he received a let
ter In which Maria wrote that she had
lust seen a neat little house which she
liked very much and that he might do
himself the pleasure to send her 2UOO
gulden with which to buy It. so as to
nave In future a "widow's home." Pleas
ant reading this for the genial composer.
In the tirst case lie wrote without a trace
of anger: "Should this be so. take my
manuscripts to the music publisher. I
guarantee you that they will be worth
money enough to defray my funeral ex
penses." In the matter of the "widow's
home" he thought It would be best to
arrange things himself. Ultimately he
bought the house, and in spite of Maria's
frequent suggestions of his coming dis
solution he lived In It for nine years after
the had been dead. Prau Haydn saw
out her 70 years, but some time before
that the pall had agreed to live apart as
the best way of ending a union which
had proved utterly unbearable to the com
poser.—Exchange.
THE GREEDY CATFISH.
His Eating Capacity as Wonderful as
His Hold on Life.
The catfish belongs to an ancient type
not yet fully made Into a fish, and hence
those whose paired tins are all properly
fastened to the head, as his are not,
hold him in well-merited scorn. He has
no scales and no bright colors. His tins
are small and his head and mouth are
large. Around his mouth are eight long
"smellers." ileshy feelers, that he pushes
out a-s he crawls along the bottom in
search of anything that ho may eat. As
he may eat anything, he always finds It.
His appetite is as impartial as that of a
goat. Anything, from a dead lamprey or
a bunch of sunfish eggs to a piece of to
mato can. Ik grateful to him.
In each of the tins, which represent his
arms, is a long, sharp bone, with a slimy
surface and a serrated edge. These are
fastened by a ball and socket Joint, and
whenever the fish Is alarmed the bone is
whirled over and set in place; then it
sticks out stiffly on each side. There is
another such bone in the fin on the bitck,
and when all of these are set there Is no
fish that can swallow him.
When he takes the hook, which he sure
ly will do If there is any hook to be taken,
he will swallow it greedily. As he la
drawn out of the water he sets his threo
spines and laughs to himself as the boy
pricks his fingers trying to get the hook
from his stomach. This the boy is sure
to do. and because the boy of the Missis
sippi Valley is always hunting for catfish
Is the reason why his tincers are always
sore. The catfish Is careless of the pres
ent and sure of the future. After he Is
strung on a birch branch and dried In the
sun and sprinkled with dust and has had
ills stomach dug out to recover the hook,
if he falls Into the brook he will swim
away. He holds nu malice and Is ready
to bite again at the first thing In sight.—
l'opular Science Monthly.
A Brilliant Ohio Man.
Representative Tayler first came to the
notice of Speaker Reed In the Fifty-fourth
Congress, when he was serving his first
I term. In an argument as a member of one
;of the Elections Committee for a I ', mo
j crat. pays the Washington Past. The
i Ohioan's speech was forcible, displaying
: a large comprehension of the law and the
| facts, and not only helped In the seating
of the Democrat, hut resulted in his ai>
i polntment at the last Congress as Chair
' man of an election committee.
In that Congress, the Fifty-fifth. Mr
' Tayler showed capacity for disposing of
I election contests promptly and equitably.
There was no effort to crowd the evidence
In favor of the Republican contestee or
i contestant, as the case might be. Mr.
I Taylor always presented his cases In such
i n manner that the House was willing to
his attainments as a lawyer, looked to him
I some time before this session began to in
vestigate the law of the Roberts case, and
he undertook the task with thoroughness.
The method In which he communicated
his Information to the House this \v» ek
was only new evidence of Mr. Thvli
competency. He is irons; in argument,
speaks fluently and cogently and drives
his points I inn 1 with logical arrangement.
Mr. Tayler Is [7 y,ears old. a native of
I VoungPtown. Ohio and a graduate of
Western Reserve College. In the class cf
•"2. He has taught school, and once heJd
the position of Superintendent of Schools
I for two years. Then he undertook news
paper work, and for almoset a year wan
editor of the Huek«-ye State at New Lis
bon. He was admitted to the bar In 1*77.
and three years later was elected as Pros,
ecutnig Attorney of his county. He has
been actively Identified with th. legal pro
fession In that section of the State.
Mr Taylor inherited much of tho polltl
cn j prestige of his father, who was a
prominent figure In Buckeye politics, and
i during Lincoln's administration was
Comptroller of the Treasury.
TJinsmore's Correct Dress.
One of the best-dressed members on the
Democratic side of "10 House Is Repre
sentative Dinsmorc of Arkansas, says the
Chicago Tribune. He seldom appears be
fore noon, and la always attired in a well-
Iktlng frock coat Ascot tie. dark trousers,
nitent leather shoes and a silk hat. His
raiment Is more noticeable than it would
be otherwise, as the majority of the
Democrats are from the South, and they
nay little or no attention to dress. As a
rule they are clothed in sack coats which
have apparently been out of the tailor's
hands for some time, trousers which bag
ut the knees, heavy, broad-toed shoes, tics
which puit their fancies, nd the slouch
, hat affected by Southerners.
A politician says the result of an elec
tion often depends on whether a candi
date chakes hands with the ward heeler
and says "Goodby" pr "Good; Buy.."
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBEE 25. 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SOCIETY WOMAN
ROBBED OF HER
CHRISTMAS CASH
A Pickpocket Found
Mrs. C. W. Howard.
RELIEVED HER OF HER PURSE
REPORT OF THEFT CAUSED A
GENERAL STAMPEDE.
Cry of "Thief" in a Department Store
Created a Panic Which Only
the Police Could Quiet Af
ter Some Difficulty.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Dec. 24.
The startling an:
Charles Webb Howard, the prominent bo
clcty woman, had Just been cleverly
• 1 of a considerable sum of money
nearly created a disastrous panic yester
renlng in the big dry-goods store at
the corner of Thirteenth and Washington
■traeta. Mr. H m who was one of
hundred! "I others who were In the store
<"hristmas shopping, felt for
lu-r purse In order to pay tor some goods
. and found that it had
eted from her pocket. She gave
the alarm, and in .1 second there t
ble for the <1..0rs among the «
lldren if Ladles
arnl liith- ylrlrf were knocked down and
trampled under foot In the wild rush
from the place, and 11 required the efforts
of all the clerk! md ■ squad of
• fiinn out.
■\\ li.-i; Mrs. Howard had a chance I" tell
her story tt developed that she had been
.ii her dn
..t,d was about to reach for it when >-he
felt It ftly lift'-.i - urned
in tin ■ maklns her « ay
. or, and ai
■ | thai foil »wed
l damsel
da < 'hrißtmas n
ir been unable to ii;id
to her Identity, but are con
• of the big K:mg n<jw OP-
Ity.
WILL SUPPLY SANTA
CLAUS TO A TOWN
EMERYVILLE CHILDREN WILL
FARE VERY WELL.
Christmas Tree and Distribution of
Gifts at Many Charitable
Institutions.
OAKLAND. Doc. 24.-No child in Emery
ville will be overlooked by Santa Claus
this year. President Thomas H. Williams
Jr. of the California Jockey Club has ar
ranged for the annual Christmas distri
bution of presents to take place next
Tuesday afternoon at the Emeryville
Mission Sunday-school. He has set no
limit upon the amount to be expended for
toysi eta; by ladles having the mission in
charge.
The »'hristmas exercises at Fabiola lies- j
pital will be particularly attractive this
year. Many donations have been received, !
especially of toys and other treasures for
children. The inmates on Christmas are
usually wrapped up and wheeled to the
tree, and for the time being many of them
forget their earthly ills.
Mr.*. J. A. Folger, though far from
home, has not forgotten the poor and the
little ones of Oakland. Councilman Bar-
Btow, a director of the Associated Chari
ties, has rocelveu a letter from Mrs. Fol
ger, dated at Hoosack, N. Y. containing
a $100 check for the Associated Charities,
a $20 check for Mrs. Robert Watt to be
used for the Free Kindergarten In West
Oakland, and another $20 check for Mrs
Eugene Beck for the benefit of th- Cen
tral Kindergarten.
The garret of the West Oakland Home
was given over to the little ones last
night, when they produced their Christ
mas play from "Mother Goose." There
was also a musical programme. To-night
each youngster has hung up a stocking
for gift-. To-morrow the children will
have a turkey dinner, and in the even
ing a Christmas tro»» distribution.
The inmates of the Old Ladles' Home
and Children's Home of Temescal will en-
Joy their Christmas tree next Wednes
day. Presents will be distributed In the
afternoon.
dated Oiaritio* and Salvation
Army have each nrr.inno.l to furnish a
Dumber <.f worthy famflles with < - hrist
maa
Christmas Day Services.
OAKLAND. Dec L' 4 -There will »•
• thf> < hurrh of
■ '""it In Eaal Oakland to-morrow
The church has i.. an beautiful
ly decorated for th* occasion under th«-
Altar •'I t jf 1.1. Rev. Will
i'mi Carson Bhaw, rector, niinoum'es that
the celebration of thp holy rommunlon
will occui • .. in., followed by morning
prayer; holy communion and sermon by
ttor nt 10:30 a. m. Th. full vc&t.-d
choir ..f forty voices will roii.j.-r the fol
■
ft] hymn No. 4i>. •'Oh. mm», AJI T«»
il"- "Venlte" in X fl.it (Robin* n); T
'Wagner). "Jubl • In I" >i;..r
■tn.lt. hvmr. N'.. .M. •Unrk 1 th" Herald
In E flat
anth.-m. hymn N
•Hark 1 wiiat Mean Tl . «. r
Sanctoa in F (( I
inlon hymn I • •
. "OI Ti« in Bzcelala." . !.<
<hal:t ■ hymn No. 53. "Shout the
.
Servicps in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND, Dee. M Bermona appro
prl.itt- !n the Christmas advent won- the
the local -hurt-hes to-day
a; the First Baptist Church Rev. Ho
bext'i topic in the morning wit* "Tho
Christmas Story," and tliis i<v*-ninjj the
1 Sunday scbool held Ita annual festival
"Th« Star "f the Bast" waa i)..- subject
•1 R< v. ( v Brown's morning sermon
»t th< Church. At
evening service tin- oratorio of th*
red.
Rev. Dr. R. P. Coyle, at the First Pres
byterian Church, spoke to-night on
"Bongs of I lope "
Rev. R C. Stone at the Centennial
Presbyterian Church, delivered a sermon
this morning on "Twice in Bethlehem
or Prospect and Retrospect."
There was a special Christmas service
at the Twenty-third Avenue Baptist
Church. Franz am s "Holy Father" ii is
delivered by a ladies' quartet Rev. B R
Bennett preached about "Angel Song and
Shepherd Vision."
At St. Paul's Church a Christmas evo
cantata was given by the children of the
Sunday school.
"The Angel of Song" was the subject of
Rev. Alexander's sermon to-night at the
Chester-street M. E. Church. The music
consisted of Christmas anthems and car
ds.
The subject of Rev. Alfred Barter's .«er
mon to-night at the Fourth Congrega
tional Church was "The Blessedness of
the Blessed Virgin." There was "also
Christmas music.
Rev. 11. Fay Mills, pastor of the First
Unitarian Church, preached a sermon to
day on "The Day We Celebrate." There
were also appropriate exercises by the
Sunday school
"Rough House" in Thalia Saloon.
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.-The notorious
Thalia saloon on th« county road, which
was refused a liquor license recently by
the Supervisors, was the scene of another
disgraceful "rough house" last night. As
a consequence Covey Randlett. the for
n«r bartender, who was mysteriously shot
In that resort somo time ago. and Walter
Anthony, together with a young woman
named Georgia Clark, were landed In the
County Jail by Sheriff Quinlan. The
woman Is charged with vaprnncy and the
I men with disturbing the peace.
While en route to the Jail on an electric
I ear Randlett and Anthony made a dash
i to escape at Washington street, near
' Eighth. In his effort to retain his pris
oners Qulnlan laM open Randlett's scalp
and Deputy Sheriff Gardiner recaptured
Anthony. At the Receiving Hospital
Randlett gave hi? name as Percy Arling
ton. Late to-night the trio were released
en $20 ball each.
Fraternity Burglarized.
BERKELEY. Pee. 24-The chapter
house of the Delta J.'pslllm fraternity,
standing on the corner of Bancroft way
and Dana street, was entered yesterday
evening and a quantity of clothing stolen.
None of the college men were In the build
ing at the time. The thief most probably
walked in at the front door and started to
raid the flr?t room on the second floor.
In this he secured a new dress suit and
other suits, valued in all at over $100.
He seems to have been satisfied with his
work at this point, for none of the other
rooms In the house were touched. The
police are searching for the missing ar
ticles.
Christmas Services.
BERKELEY. Dec. 24-rhrlstmas will
be observed In St. Joseph's Church on
Addlson street to-morrow by special fes
tival services. Mass will be said at 5
o'clock. >\ .'"clock. 7:15 o'clock. S o'clock
and 9:15 o'clock in the forenoon, with high
maps at 10:* A vesper service will be
Bung In the evening.
At St. Mark's Episcopal Church on Ban
croft way choral communion will he held
at 6 o'clock, communion at 8 o'clock and
festival service, with communion , at
11 a. in.
GOLD B4IM FOR
A GOOD SHERIFF
t that Mrs.
nAKLAXD, Dec. 24.-The friends of
Oscar L. Rogers, Sheriff of Alame-
\ = J/ da County, presented him with a
ha:;<ls.me told Sheriff's badge yes
terday. The presentation was made by-
Judge A. V. St. Sure and the place of pre
sentation was in the court room of the
City Hall.
Sheriff Rocer* was horn and raised in
Alameda Jtnd the welfare of the city and
the county bai always been his care. He
«-HHR!FF O^CAR L. ROGHRS
is well known and well liked, and has
always been prominent In any movement
for the betterment of his fellow-cltlz»-ns;
all of which was the burden of the re
marks made by Judge St. Sure when he
presented the badge.
Sheriff Ropers responded In a neat
speech, ami then the people In the cjurt
room crowded round to express their con
gratulations and their pood wishes. There
was a crowd present large enough to more
than comfortably fill the court room.
The badge la of gold, suitably designed
to Indicate the authority of the Sheriff,
and on the back is engraved: "Presented
to Oscar L. Rogers by his Immediate
friends of Alameda. December 25, 1599."
USES THE hHON.
TO DUPE OFFICIALS
ORIGINAL VANDAL AT WORK
IN OAKLAND.
Poses Now as the Assailant of Miss
Green— Says He Ran Her Down
With a Bicycle.
OAKLAND. Dor. 24. -Chief of mile*
Hodgkins has been waiting patiently all
day to receive In open arms the young
man who last Thursday night telephoned
the information to police headquarters
that h< was responsible for the serious
injury sustained by Miss Lente Green. It
was generally supposed that Miss Oreen,
who is a pretty brunette, aged U years
and residing at me Linden street ' was
stabbed and beaten by an unknown tend
Who had other criminal intentions while
she was on her way home from her
of employment last Monday night
On Thursday night some one tele
phoned from a saloon on Eighth street
and told the police that he had run the
girl down with a bicycle accidentally. The
telephoner was not ready to give his name
; ■ r details, but agreed to call at the City
I'rlson to-day and clear up the mystery.
He has noi put in an appearance, and not
withstanding Chief Hodgkins. Detective
Shorey and others accepted the bicycle
nt theory as the most plausible, the
Whole affair Is once more shrouded in a
mystery as unsolved as before.
It is believed no • that the telephone
message was a hoax. Such are not infre
quent. Only this evening a local physi
cian was suddenly summoned to hurry to
a drugstore near Beventn and Chester
streets to attend a man who. the tele
phoner Informed him. had been run over
By the Seventh-street local. The doctor
no sooner arrived than did also the police
patrol wagon, which had been summoned
to quickly take the supposed injured man
to the Receiving Hospital, and presently,
to make the hoax complete, the Coroners
wagon arrived ready to cart the nu\
dead man off to the Morgue. All had l»»en
summoned by telephone by some one who
was bent on executing a long distance
Jolly.
Reward for Lost Diamonds.
OAKLAND, Dec 24 Chief of Police
Hodgkins has announced that a reward of
$lihi is off. red for th< recovery of th.. six
diamond rings and two diamond pins, ].st
last Wednesday by Mrs. John P. Connera
in the vicinity of Fourteenth and Jeff, r
son erects. John B\ Connors offers the
same reward for any Information tn.it
may lead to the recovery of the Jewelry.
Initiation of Woodmen.
OAKLAND. Dec :'•». —An Important Ini
tiation in Athens Camp No. 457 Woodmen
of the World, will be held Wednesday
evening, December 27. at which the de
ikland ('nmp win )..■ pi. -
«.:it. Refreshments will be sf>rv.-<i
A Letter to Utah.
WASHINGTON, D > .. Dee. i UN
WASHINGTON, i>. </., Dec 5
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. I, IM.
Mrs. Brigham H. RobertP,
Brigbam H. Roberts,
Mis. Brigham M. Rol
B t I^ake City. Utah.
Bait Lake Cltj . I'tah.
S.tlt Lake City, Ttah.
My Pear Wife: T arrived here yesterday
My !>< ar \Yif< : I arrived h.Te yesterday
My Dear Wife: I arrived here yesterday
and am now >^-ing kept very busy ex
and am now being kept very busy < x
aiid urn now beinp k< j>t very busy ex
plaining why T nm so muchly
plaining why I am so muchly
plaining why 1 am so muchly
Your lovinp hubby,
Your loving 1 hubby.
Tour loving hubby,
••BRIG."
"BKKI."
••BRia."
—Baltimore American.
ALL BLAME FOR
DOUBLE WRECK
LAID ON PETERS
Agler Says His Judg
ment Was Bad.
SWITCH ENGINEER'S MISTAKE
DAMAGE ESTIMATED BY THE
Two Locomotives Injured, Two Box
Cars Wrecked Beyond Repair
and a General Shaking Up
the TotaL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
903 Broadway, Dec. 24.
Investigation Into the causes which re
sulted In yesterday's disastrous collision
between the San Jose freight and the Ala.
meda local at First and Linden streets
has been going on all day, and Superin
tendent Agler Is Inclined to lay the blame
for the accident upon Engineer Petera of
switch engine 1019. Peters was switching
a train of twenty boxcars, and. using
bad Judgment in backing, he collided with
the San Jose freight, throwing several
cars over on the main track. The local
train happening along Inopportunely
crashed Into them. Two boxcars were
wrecked, the switch engine and the local
engine, in charge of Engineer Dick Rey
nolds and Fireman Stokes, were over
turned, the water tank of the switch en
gine was punctured and the passenger en
gine's <■> under head was smashed in. A
crew has been working all night on the
wreckage, and it is estimated that J2500
or $3»K»j will cover the loss to the railroad
company.
WINGED MESSENGERS OF WAR
The Pigeon Post Which Is Furnish-
ing South African News.
Presumably the pigeons that are serv
ing as postboys in the Transvaal lust
now arrived out on the warship Powerful,
unless, which is not Improbable, certain
Britishers In Natal or Durban had es
tablished lofts where homing birds were
trained to the country. 1 am inclined to
favor the former idea, owing to the fact
that a naval pigeon post has been for
some time established and lofts have oeen
built at Devon port, Oosport and She. men
at a cost of about $-"ii«»'. A couple of years
ago th.- Admiralty bought a large number
of -month-old birds and placed them
in the royal navy loft at Gosport, intend
ing to use them for the conveyance of
messages from warships to shore, with a
vl. w to rendering them serviceable in
time of war. There are over 300 societies
in England for the cultivation of homers,
and man) of the older birds have flown
over 700 miles without showing signs ot
nagging.
Ml pigeon will fly owr sixty mib-s
hi-, hour over short distances. These
:ir<> kept with great care in <;.-
many, ami th.- apparatus for noting the
time is most Ingenious. The pigeon is
taught to :i:m lUnoe its arrival at t l ■
by knocking with its b.-Hk against t'.-'
• !i;ii>.loor ..f th.- >!o\ ecote T:.
in motion machinery which
flings np,>n the door, admits the blr •:
at the same time rin^s a bell that
in the attendant's room. The greatesi ar»
tlence are necessary when training
th.- birds. It minlu seam Mi[)«-rfliious In
days of teli phone, t. l.graph and
wireless tf-U-graphy to go to th<- trouble
of training tirds to carry dispatches, but
the wisdom of th.- action is made manifest
to-day, when the whole worl.l oenten
about the m. ssage a pigeon may h* carry-
Ing among his feathers as h>- winj.'^
the kopje and veldt on his way to his
te n the waiting ship.
You may care to know th.- way the dis
patches ar.- carried— in times . •
bast. The m.ssage, if it be a long on".
is reduced from the original by photo
graphic process, by which eight octavo
pages of printing or writing may I
duced t'> a mere nothing. The little photo
graph is then rolled and placed within a
•4iilll. which is Introduced among the tail
feathers of th<- pieeon and carefully
bound there. The ..riicor nt the receiving
station removes the dispatch, and with
thr aid of powerful oxy-nydrogen mirro
scope magnifies the writing to more than
its tlrst dimensions.
This« process can hardly b" in force just
iiuw .it Ladysmlth, therefore dlspaten^s
nr«- r- duced t<> a few necessary words
<r lir.es. to which t 1 • • •• r or corre
spondent applies the microscope of his im
■igit.ation. and we get the story magni
fied to more than seven times it* first di
mensions. The birds would Oy direct from
I.adysmtth to the warship, where, no
doubt, special provision has been male
for them. There fan hardly he any doubt
that the marine;" brought the pigeons with
them when they went to reinforce Gen
eral White, and. released, tho birds would
make for their dovecote.— Toronto Mali
and ECxpn ss.
. ♦ .
GOLD TOOTH A HIDING PLACE.
A Criminal Who Hid Saws in Tooth
and Eye.
"Rpeakir.tr of out-of-the-way pln^Q for
hiding: saws." said Detective Rrynnt at
police headquarters recently, after read
ing thai Detective O'Hare had found
three saws In the wooden leg of n prisoner
at the old Jail after looking everywhere
In tho cell f'jr weeks for them. "I have
■ story that will beat that one all to
nieces. And it is true, furthermore." and
Bryant laughed, as much as to say that
Detective O Hare is given to dreaming.
"Harry Rerrtngton— Gold Tooth Harry
they call him— is one of the best sneak
thieves there is in the Western country,
and a smoother man never lived. I ar
rested him two weeks ago, and where do
you think we found saws on him? He
had three saws in a hollow tooth, and !»•
hind his glass eye— l forgot to say Her
rinpton Is often referred to as Blliiky be
cause of his glass eye— we found tht saw
bow.
"I'nderstand. of course, thrse saw
blades and bow were not large, hut they
were of the finest t< capered steel and
could have cut through the best chilled
■tee] ban In the world. The blades had
bet n made from watchsprings and were.
rearc< ly 'in Inch long. '* l " they were
saws all rlghi enough, and the kind that
many a criminal mi prayed for after
the police have nabbed liim and his
friends can't get bail. The) are almost
as good as bail for any man behind the
rid nothing to do DUI :.uv away the
time and the bars. «;<>!il Tooth doth not
make a practice of carrying these saws
in his hollow teeth, but In a pinch he can
shift them from his pocket and conceal
th( m there without detection. He never
carries more than three saws,
"Th«- !■■ w, which h<' had concealed In
hit < >•• si»k't. wai even Mnaller than the
lil;i«U-s. It was m.-nlf so that it could be
<l"ui>!«-<l by means «<f ji tiny hinge, and
v:i^ altogether the mosj p« rf<-<t arrange
; ever uw, Th<- blades fitted into
thl bow by a niche.
"When I arrested Harry I had been told
tn lmik him ov<r well for saws. I could
find DOIM In his pockets, and would have
found Done, but h>- fell to talking and
the saws dropped from his tooth and cut
his tmiKU'-. He gave them up then, and
lit. r h. mowed me the bow in his eye
socket. I t««>k that away from him
The paws and th«- bow are now In th»
curio department In the Inspector's room."
Kansas City Tin
Costliest Cradle in the World.
There is exhibited in the drawlnp-room
the wonderful golden cradle in which t-arh
first-born *on or th< bouse of Marlborougn
is rocked durtng bis infancy. In this cra
dle which is perhaps the most heautu'ul
and costly thinK of its kind in the world
the present Uttle kfarqula of Riandf.mi
• lao d <m his christening day. when
he had been Kiv>n the name of John .\i
bert Kdward William Churchill. The little
heir, by the way. is named for three w.;,.
known persons— John for th<- great, Albert
Edward for th<- Prince of Wales, one of
his godfathers, and William for his grand
father and godfather, William K. Vander
bilt.
The two children are very closely guard,
cd in the nursery, which consists of the
moat charming suite of rooms In the r^l
aee,. Here the young Duchrss. wh
most proud and devoted mother. -
much of her time with her babies, when
they go out In their blue And whir
ambulator* for exert ise they are w
about In what 1b kri<>wn a* the "X ■
gardens," among the fruits and \
Dies, for on show days the kitchen gar
dens are not delivered over to tour;
lnnp-'f tliin Thus the two little lord! may
hold high carnival wtthnut fear of public
Intrusion and snapshooters. On Mm
days they are wheeled about where th»ir
nurses will within the 350 acres of pi
groundH. which are walled <>tt from
helm Park— Air* zinc.
THE CROCODILE OF HISTORY
His Live Toothpick. His Tears and
His Way of Getting Caught
in the Nile.
To nay that the crocodile has seen hi*
best days is but feebly to express the ra
pidity with which he is lapsing Into the
class of extinct animals. A.-> a fettvrt Of
modern Egypt he is perhaps rather a cu
riosity than a plague. anJ the tr i
has to get far beyond the regions >f the
Delta before he ,-an l>. gin to h >pc for the
chance of being Introduced to "ti> Cl
rodile stories ure no longer fold. \:. I
it is safer ti> trust to the sea serpent.
Nothing can make th- crocodile .
tive. and even the man with tl
is shy of treating him as a in
whether for personal or artistic n
Is not quite clear. Possibly the crocodile
resents being focused, as be formerly
shrunk from confrontation with ;i mlrr>r
—an ordeal which often led to his dying
of chagrin, as was supposed, at th.- sight
of his own ugliness. Moreover, th. >\i
rlenced photographer la wls.- in "1
no risks." remembering that th
dile's tears are only a natUl
which the saurian applies to the toucher
form of animal food.
And this is where the legend of the
toothpick properly cones In. Herodotus
noticed the fact, but seen to have been
misled as to the motive. He discovered
that the crocodile made friends with a
particular bird, which he allowed to en
ter his mouth in order, as the writer
supposed, to rid the reptile of the leeches
which infested his Jaws. Pliny says
nothing of these pests, but considers the
complaisance of the crocodile to be due
to the satisfaction he felt In having bis
teeth picked by the bird: "He taketh so
great delight In this her scraping and
scouring of his teeth and Jaws." Both
authors speak of the bird as a wren;
later naturalists described It as being as
large as a thrush, while It baa been re
served for the present generation of trav
elers to Identify this useful frit nd of the
crocodile as the snur-wlnged plover. Of
the fact of the alliance there is not the
least doubt. The operation has been fre
quently witnessed by numerous independ
ent observers, one of the latest of whom
considers that the bird does actually per
form the functions of a toothpick, "a pro
cess which the crocodile enjoys." With
such corroboratlon the narration of He
rodotus, subject to qualification as it
must be, is at least to be taken seriously,
and no longer regarded as the visionary
idea of a mere fabulist.
In the Egyptian hieroglyphics the croco
dile Is represented by a single wavy line,
ho perfectly suggestive of the contour Of
the animal that it Is quite impossible to
escape from Its meaning. It might stand
as an excellent contemporary Illustration
of the text of Herodotus, neither author
nor artist overstepping the modesty of
nature. This was reserved for later
times. In which arose so many of the
myths and extravagances which we are.
ready to Impute to the lack of practical
knowledge by the classic writers. When
Fuller lucubrated so learnedly of the croc
odile he doubtless felt that he was cor
recting the erroneous Idea of an earlier
period, and the following example of his
erudition may serve to show how he set
about the task: "The sovereign power of
baffron Is plainly proved by the antipathy
of the crocodile thereto; for the croco
dile's tears are never true, save when h<»
is forced where saffron groweth; whence
he hath the name of saffron fearer know-
Ing himself to be all poison and it all anti
dot"." As to legend of the crocodile's
tears. It can only be regarded as a myth
grafted upon some of the reptile ob
served habits. Probably because they
could offer less resistance to his attacks
women and children were especially lia
ble to them, the office of the former as
water carriers bringing them often to the
Nile nnd the children naturally finding a
playground on Its shores.
Herodotus gives an amusing account of
the manner in which the Egyptian broth
ers of the angle used to fish for croco
dile, from which It would seem that they
had taken a leaf out of the reptile' own
book of strategy. They patted the hook
with a large piece of hog's flesh, with
which they made a real angler's "east"
into the middle of the river. And they
16 $1
PAG ESI I — 1 A YEAR
II Enlarged to 16 Pages! If 1
I Reduced to $1 a Year! I
! AN INNOVATION IN WESTERN JOURNALISM. I
• ♦
I THE GREAT I
6 o
! WEEKLY !
v
! CALL !
J ....GIVES.... J
I ALL THE NEWS OF THE WORLD |
o TOGETHER WITH
§ Several Pages of Fiction, |
I Stories of Every- Day Life, §
| Fashions and other matters. I
! ALL PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED !
«*■ ♦
o _^___ °
I 16 PAGES OF IT |
I AT $1.00 A YEAR !
0 o
0 . 0
1 Only Two Cents a Week— You Can't f
o Afford to Miss It. There are no ♦
| lottery schemes nor side fakes at- |
♦ tached to THE WEEKLY CALL. It's t
0 o
1 a straight business proposition. i
■i- ♦
0 _ O
•*■ >
I /6 PACES A WEEK *
I AT &1.00 A YEAR! t
• ♦
! SEND FOR SAMPLE COPY 1
o . ,- o
0 And See What a Great Paper You " Z
1 Can Get for Two Cents a Week! if _
I 16 I 3 [ $1 '
|»O»O»O»O»O»O»O»O »O»O +O r O»O*O ; O»O»O'
' 1 j . ■■■ I
employed a very »pcelM and alluring form
of ground bait, consisting of a vigorous)
young porker, whom they anchored.
Irish fashion, on the bank, and Incited by
divers Irritating arts Into energetic
squealing. Entranced with ih* melodious
pound, the erectile was drawn In the dt
rectlon from whlcli It came, and beim?
unable to pet at the pig put up with tno
baited hook Instead.— l^ondon Globe.
WHEN BULLETS ARE FLYINO.
A British Officer Tells of His Firtt
Experience in a Battlefield.
What are the feelings of nn officer when
for the first time he leads his men Into
battle" asks a writer In Chums f.ir No
vember. This is a question which the sol
dfrr himself alone can answer, and we
■aspect that a good many would l>e un
willing to go 100 closely Into the subject.
The hum of a rli> bullet, the shriek of a
shell, the rush of a cannon shot, must be.
and always hn« been, extremely trying to>
th« Inexpent need warrior A certain of
ficer, who Drtfers on this occasion to bo
nameiess. has frankly described his flrnt
experience In battle. "We were advanc
ing to the scene of operations," he say*.
"On entering a strip of w.v.d It occurred
to me that my nun. being raw recruits,
would not fight well on horseback, so I
ordered them t>> dismount. This, of course,
stopped the whole body of the army be
hind the regiment. While the men wero
leisurely tying then horses nn officer
carre up at a lurtoua gait, and asked per
emptorily: 'What have you stopped here
for .-.mi blocked up the whole road?'
"1 saw the point In a moment and bade
my nun :no\e out of the wood. In the
meantime my scabbard got Itself hop*-
Itnly entangled In a bush, and 'the moro
I tried to get It loose the more It suck
the faster.' So I told my men to form at
the edge of the wood and wait for me.
Th- t: I rut th. straps nnd left my broken
sciiobfMi In the bush, while, with nakfl
blade flashing in my hand. I rushed to th*
front. Not a man could I find. They
wire anxious to see the fun. nnd had run
(ncr the brow of the hilt and scattered
along tht whole length of the line. After
infinite difficulty, many words and more
temper. I got thorn together again. \V«
were barely in position when we heard a,
distant cannon, and at the same Instant I
saw the ball high In the air. As near as I
COUld calculate. It was going to strike ex
actly where I stood, and I dismounted!
with remarkable agility, only to *cc the
mls-slle of war pass sixty feet overhead.
I felt rather fooll.-h as I looked at my
men, but a good deal relieved when I saw
that they, too, hail all squatted on th«
ground, and were none of them looking at
me. I quickly mounted auain and com
manded tlirm to 'stand up.'
"We were ordered ti> charge soon after,
and the enemy gave way before us, for
which 1 was most devoutly thankful. Wo
passed some dead and wounded, the first
sad results of real war that I had ever
seen. At night bl:ick clouds overspread;
the sky; the rain fell In torrents; not
even a campllre could be kept to light up
the impenetrable gloom. I stretched m>
se!f upon the soaked ground. The pale,
rigid faces that 1 ha seen turned up to
the evening sun appeared before me. as X
tried In vain to shield my own from th«»
driving rain, and as the btg foot of \
comrade blundering around In the dark
ness splashed my eyes ill of mud t
clo«e«l them in my first sleep upon a
battlefield."
A Good One About Joe Jefferson
A gjod story is told of an experience of
Joseph Jefferson, the great actor. A num
ber of years ago he played a one-nltcht en
gagement In a small Indiana town, ap
pearing in his favorite part of Itlp Van
Winkle. In the hotel at which he stopped
was an Irishman "recently landed." who
acted as porter and general assistant.
Judged by the deep nnd serious Interest
which he took In the house, he might havn
been clerk, lessee nnd proprietor, rolled
Into one. At about »; o'clock In the morn-
Ing Mr. Jefferson was startled by a violent
thumping on his door. When he struggled
Into consciousness nnd realizing that h<i
had left no "call" order at the office. h«
was naturally very Indignant. Hut his
sleep was spoiled for that morning, so he,
arose and soon after appeared before th«
clerk. "See here," he demanded of that
individual, "why was I called at this un
earthly hour?" "1 don't know, sir," an
swered the rlerk. "I'll ask Mike." Th<9
Irishman was summoned. Said the clerk:
"Mike, there was no call for Mr. Jeffer
son. Why did you disturb him?" Taking
the clerk by the lapel of the coat the Hi
bernian led him to one side nnd snld In a
mysterious whisper: "He were shnorlng,
lolke a horse, nor, nnd Ot'd heerd th*»
b'ys saying as how he were onct aftlier
shlaplng for twlnty years, so Ol ses to
mesllf. ses 01. "Moike. It's a eoomlng onto
him ng'in and It's v- r Juty to git the eray
ther out o' yer house Instantly!"— Leslie*!
Weekly.
78
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
DCfJM OFFICE cf the Fan Francisco
rail, ccrr.er cf Mark't nnd Third streets, open
er.tM 1! o'clock every r.lght In the year.
BRA! OFFl<^ns-5r7 Mcntgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
J n P Haves rtreet: cpen until 5:19 p. tu
f» McAllister rtreet: pea until 9:10 p. m.
OS Ls.rk.tn street: (pen until 5:39 p. m.
JMI Mission street: cpen until 10 ■ m.
rxi Market *trett. corner Sixteenth; open
cr.tll I p. m.
Jf« rievrnlh rtreet; cpen unt!l $ p. ra.
MM Valencia street: rr>en until i p. m.
JT2J Polk j-tnv-t: cpen until ■ p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-teccnd and Kea-
rjrky rtreet*: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
PACIFIC I«Mge No. 1.-A. I. O. O. F. jUßttßh.
■■•?.-. :k i.:..1 :■!■:::! i : .• v '.I ;':(.:►■■ fJj'tofs~\Z,
!.•■••:. '.• m :.':;• Armj i:r..:. Ll-- *"^^BHbb > '
twecn lv lore* an-1 Chun h. MON-
DAY. iv-cember Ci. UM, at 1:30 p. m.. to
attend tlie funeral of BROTHER MATHIAS J
HANSON. Fines f,T non-attendance.
F. L. TURPIN. NoLl» .'rind. |
FRANK P. ASHWORTH. Rec. See.
STOCKHOLDERS' nieetlng— The annual meet-
Ing of th" ftuckholders i»f the California Dry j
I> «-k Company wlil »*> heij at the offW of i
the costpeny. No. 3C California etrvct. Han |
Franc'.nt'.. Cal.. en MONDAY. January i. \
IMQ, nt Jl o'clock v. in., for the purpose of i
electing a board of dire-tors to serve for t)'e j
rnsolns >''.ir and for the trnrnactlon i.f su<-!i i
< thkr Iwrlness s« may vrotxrly come before I
t!-e mertinr. W. F. RUSSELL, Secretary.
orr.^e No. 2C2 California »t.. room J. i-an I
PranciaCQ, CaL. In-cember 14. IS??.
ANNUAL mettlng— The regular unnual meet-
:re of the stockholder* cf the W:ttram Pro-
pdler Ccmi-atiy will be he'.j at thi-lr f.Jt'.r*.
?.Ti Mark«t ft.. Ban Frar.<".rco. CaMf.^rnla. on i
MONDAY, the richth day cf January. IM>\ J
nt the hour rf 3 p. rr... f the j.urpo*- of
<!ect!nc a board of directors it> serve fi.r the
er.ruinc year, ana th« transartl.:i of such
«.*her bu&tness v* may come before the me«?t- I
init. CH ARISES A. HUG. Sec.
Off.re. 2C7 Market et.. fcaa Frar-cis-co. Caii-
f < rtila. j
Tltn arr.ual meetire of the stockholders of I
The NevsZ* Natior.sl Hank cf s*an Kranc-lseo. j
C«l.. will be held nt its bank'nic house. 301 |
Vor.tto;n»ry rt.. Pan Francisco. Cal.. on j
TITPDAT. Jar.vary 91 IWW. at 3:15 o'clock p. i
n.. frr th» eVctirn of directors ti «erve for
the ensulr.g year, r.nfl the tmrs-ictlc-n cf such
»"t*irr tufcin»-»s hR rr.ay err* liefore th« rr.eet-
Irp. • OHO. GP.ANT. Srctvtary.
■
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
i._,^_r. I
ADVICE free: dlvcrce law a upcCalty: pr!\-a?e;
nn fe* without rucc^m; collections. G. W.
HOWE. *'.'.y at law. BO Market, cor. Ftocktn.
Al>Vl r i: free: n-> charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. *:: Market st.. cpp. Mason.
"r~U. Ii.Kn7.UACn. attorney at law. ha« re-
■•:n:e3 ;ract!ce :tt f^3 <'al. St.. «"un> blJg.
U F. CI.AHK. Emma Srreckels MOg.. ?2T Mar- !
l'.«t ►' «- -.r>uMr.tii<n frt-<-; no fri>» vi ailvance. j
JTwHRK'S news'fr.r": ccr.ts.The Weekly CalU I
~.t t'sse*. !n •'rrart'er. for nailine. Jl t>er year.
«i« CUB REPAIRING.
THOP. TI7~B~VARNEY~Market and Tenth.
RAMBLHR AND IDPAL BICYCLES.
ht:pairino a srrciM.TY.
(ill) AND ROOMS.
A-THE NORM \X DI k7"226^i:diy^New^fur^
nlshe-d tlirouchcut : thornugh'.y rvnovateil nnd
PApereJ; tunny »j!t»-s an-i *lncie roms; hot
water '.n every room: n»w tnanaci-mcnt: ta-
Itle b^iir^or^ a cc<~ turn' *<3aTcd : excellent table;
w ::i be ready t« reeetve guests January 1.
EDDT. :23— Urlted State* Hotel; rooms $1 50
week up. wl«h l>oard V< M>: suite fnr two with !
board, 132; board. Jl week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator rur.s all right.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market — Elegant
n»-w furniture; first-class in every rvspect; j
tst.le uusurnsis* J; bot und coll wster; ele- i
vM<^r: ruites. with board for 2. ST.rt month up.
NEW famTly hotel; first-class In all appoint- j
rvr.ts: exr-eiier.t tnble. fir; California fct.. oc-
' '•; Jins oornrr or»:wislt* Grace Cbureh.
' M"I>:UAVIA "HOTEL." I'oilTand Clay-Snn-
r.y suites; best board; for 2. $r. Dp; single. JCO.
LAS PALMAS.P2O Market st.-Suite cf 5 or S
r:r.s,; private: »..sth; sin. rms: b> ani optional.
IXNOWOKTII. t32 Gear;-- Large suites, bath,
for X rr 4 iD-nttemen; excellent tr.ble board.
O'FARRELL, 7«^C>an. Comfortable rcoms;
CH'd table board; t?m» to h >liday transients. !
CHEAPEST nnd be«t In Arrertca— The Weekly |
''all. 1C page*, ter.t to «my adJress In the i
I>.!te<i States or Canada one year for li.
T«-'t.-»ce raifl
HOARD AND rooms WANTED.
WANTED, by couple— Tw Funny rooms with
tioanl.in American i^rlv.ite family, vicinity I
Vim Ne«» aye.; refer.-r'va exchanged; state !
terms IVix laa. Call office.
TOCNO married roupl* desire rwn nnd board '
in private family; north or McAllister and '
we«t cf Jones rt. Adrtress b>x K3. Call.
FII'.ST-ci.AKS room and board wanted: no ob-
Jectirn If part or the wh-.le in exchange for
vocnl anj pis no lessons: by leadlnz • .King
tearher of S. F.. whrm« office Is in central lo-
cMKn yinx 171* C«M r'flee.
______^
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BCHOOL ' Book's * bouVht snd "VxchnngeTl' j
IMm.s r.^.rk <■<:.. ?(4 M;s«|c a st.. near Third.
BOOTS A.M> MIOES.
special: l . special::" " special:": I
f.09 pairs Infants' patent leather shoes, sites
1 to C. C."c pair; mull orders filled, l'eople's
m hh.-extore. iy-3 sirrHr.n n.. n»-ar Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
AN acceptable your.c man wanted to "jr>ln*"me
In a basinwi that will reallre fr<-.m tw<n to
'•'"l" l t"-r rr.ir.th; must havo from $lOyd to $12i>i
cart; ..nly principals having the actual cash
«W-alt vith; r.o ncheme or fake, but a genuine
busmen protioftUJon; pnrtlculars only by uer-
_»ftiai intenlew. BONUg, box IfCS. <all.
OPPOItTt -NITY «.f a lifetime; HJP a month for
nn investment of $7TO; stationery and ivi*-
tmslm-Kii. Address bf x ir.43. Call o:'n«-.».
TO tr»<le— s-r<^m boas* and lots rented for
ti. . n . r ;..1 k -!nK house. 15ASILE. 3 Kddy s:.
*3r.-It ESTAURANT; 15c meals; fine location-
good business ; mt'rt m-11. BASILE. 3 Eddy!
VERY cheap: butter and egg tn»lne«s; clears
|7> per month. Box :.'•«. Call offlce.
fMoft-PA UTNER* wanted~Tn oU established
buMnesn. Box 171 «. ■■...' office.
EALOON and grocery flxture X for sale cheap
or will «cii »ith e tock as St stands if sold be-
fore January 1. Inquire nt 302 Fremont «C;
'■all in the mornlne.
B R'? n po '^ -" *" d ' CIKSr r: ° re f ° r ** I<>; Frt?C
°, > ,?' K1:l: * nl ;ea routes supplle.l from GEO.
_^J^ASUKLL 4k CO.'?. 412 Sacramento et.
n.VMmNO shep: stork and shop tools; in ■
rood locatlf-T.. Box I'SI. Call office.
Fl'm »ale ches r>— Candy, bakery and stationery
»tore. S?!i7 Kirhteenth st.
BHOP for ralr.trr. plumber, carpenter: rent
and wore tn work. WM. HENDUICKSON
A CO.. Ci 4 Cr.ll building.
GOOD oiowrtunity to tweure a well-estshllshed
furr.lture liVKlreso; ucccunt of dekness M 3
UroitdUfcy. oak! and. Pioneer Furniture Store.
GOOD -PAYING route t-n Examiner; 750 paoers
Apply 424 F.lbert rt.
LOCKSMITH business jor Mile; 10 years in the
same rlace. W2 McAllister St.; reside) tl2
Wcb«er st.
A BRANCH office f or the reception of adver-
tisrmer.te nr.J s.ut>Fcrlj>tlonH has been opened
at 1221 Polk st.; cj-en until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
ruht.prlj.t!on« l.ti* betn e»UL:ish«.-<l at lu"J« Va-
ler.e»» ct.
A BRANCH rv'flce for Call advertisements and
BilteerlpUo&si has b.-en «!<ti.bllshed at the
ncrthwert ccrnc-r of Twer.ty->ecir.d and Ken-
tucky fi» : cr<cn until s p. m.
CAHKIACES AM) WAGONS.
BAKERT. also laur.rtry (rasas: flnTTop lu^gy"
• lmmrt n»-w; bus. bucsy. new; bus. wagons'
n»w. rultable dry gjoj» *tur«i«. KS Harrison!
ALL kinds of waroCS, burgles, carts, harness*
etc., cheax'. KGAN & SON. 2117 Mlsrlon st. '
JW SETS K-ccnd-!ianJ harness; m-agons, carts.
hPCEIry Kurreyy aril horses. IKb Fulsoni 6t.
cahpi:t BB ii '\'- m i i BAKING.
WHEN you bernrr.e dlvpusted with i>oor work
tend ta SPAUI-DING.S Pioneer Cari>et-beat-
Inif W.Tks. t'uZ-Zll Tehama ft.; tel. S. 40.
CITY f-?earn Carpet Heating Works. O. if
STEVENS, mgr.. 2S-40 Mh st.: tel. South JW.
TTiScQVKVS'S Califcrnia Carpel cleaning co.|
453 Ktevenson »t.; t«l. Scuth ZX; luuctt rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Putter Et.;
tel. Mnln S*4. UEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CATtPKT.S leaned at !c per yard; laid at 3c
GTRATTON'H. 3 Eighth *V. tel. Jttrle >44.
j. E7TirTcTrELL Cari>et Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
rt.:>?*Sn!ns. 3c i»er yard; tel. Mission 74.
CnNKLiN'lTcarpet-bentlnK Works, 333 Colden
•Jstc ■%».; telcrihone East 126.
i I.r.AMX. « OMPOI HOS
ITICA >;.n!nc arid Toilet Compounds and
Comround Pa*te: h hou»iehold H lc6 J.'2^V.*r,t"r^
cure tor ;.oli«.in r.sV SAMUEL SEYMOLR,
Atcnt. Orfice mt Jactutj. H Spear at.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS^ DR. CLARK^ — — —
the well-known trance medium, may be eon-
rulted on ail affairs of life. While entranced
rhe reveals every hidden mystery: she will
• how you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
iropvrty; locates minerals: tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. L>R. F. CLARK,
205 Turk St.. nr. Jones. Home Sun, and eves.
A— PROFESSOR MAY.
ALWAYS BEE THE BEST.
123 TURK STREET.
He excites the wonder and admiration of th«
mo«<t rkeptlcal: elves advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lr.st affection; If in doubt, trouble or j
adversity tall on this gifted medium and he will j
help you; ineJiums doveloped in from 3 to C
months; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours. 9 to 8: Sunday. 10 to I.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes et.. room 7. second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance.
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases: elttlnzs $1.
C V. MILLER'S materializing seance, I p.
m EOc. 40* Leavenworth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 2&c up. 73 Fourth st . near Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. :i2>fc Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. ~>c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MMX. ZEREDA of I Seventh st. Is the original
O'pey life reader; readings. 25c.
MRS. RANKIN. card reader and palmist. 953
Mission Ft , near Sixth.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer. \
3T.0 Hills s.t.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. IC2Vi Sixth St., :
10 a. m. to S p. m.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 52! . MUsion.op Mint, i
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; nan'.es given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. BYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. lie; ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 10. 927 Market st.
_ DENTISTS.
A-DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st.. over Cafe Lnkand Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the b«*t anj most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure cold filllncs
from ! . up; other fillings from £>0c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and tilled or
crowned without pain; i>!at«"s that fit from
$4 I*) up; op^n evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic, for painless dentistry—
BjmoL on application t.i the gums, removes
the pain; fee our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubl«r; warranted for M I
y«-an«; crown and bridge work; teeth with- !
out a plate; fillings. EOc; crowns. $3 CO; plates,
lull pet, $5: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago I>ental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar- '
ket rt., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, ,
J3 10 up; plutes. extractions free. $4 50 up; of- .
fice hour*. '.■> a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9to 2 I
p. m. a. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
DR. GIIORGE W. LEEkTjO O'Farrell r:.. ex-
tracts nnd fills teeth painlesttiy by his wonder-
ful fperet inethojl; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plat< $3; received I first
prizes: no stuiler.ts; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near '
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 19 years: lowest prices; 10 oper-
ator! : r.o students. 997 Market St. •
PARIS Dental Parlors. 23T> Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $»: crowns. 13: fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 953 Mission, cor. 6th. ■
Guaranteed dentistry. $1 per week; refer to €*»
city patient*. Esmoni I»ental Parlors. 43 «th.
SET of toeth without plate. DR. 11. O.
_YOUNO. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO TVr.tal Parlors. Inc.: I graduate opera-
tor* : •t-en fvenine* and Sundays. SSO Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: leading ays. I
tern; easy payments; evg. ciaspes. 103 Post, j
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring Parlors; ;
French tailoring system taught. MS Van Ness. I
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geaxy: dresses
made. $5 up: .Jrersie* made over; perfect fit. \
ACCORDION pleming factory; all kinds pleat- j
Inc. jilnkinc. 121 Post. overO'Connor A Moffatt. i
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'B Business College. 24 Post St.. sTTFT: ;
practical courses in bookkeoplng. shorthand,
t>llnr. languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi- i
neering, *tc ; i.ew 80-f,ags catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
<l» nts to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute. Parrott building; be wise; follow their I
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $50.
AYRKS' Business College. 723 Market ft., con- !
ducted personally by Mr. arid Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50. Includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year get positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING echool.clvll. electrical, mining, '
rrsech , survey, ossay. archl.; day and even.; ]
ert. IMI4. VAN DER NAILLEN. Ml Market, j
MIS-S M. a BARRETT Is unable to fill all de- \
r: md» for her shorthand graduates; lessons i
X>ersonally end by mall. 302 Montgomery st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF. I
MERKI. low; Mission; violin, mandolin. ful-
tnr; reasonable. j
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms: !
thrrough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 17. j
THE Hitchcock Fohool. San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter ten Jiegins Jan. 7.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell tt.
"F.XPANSION" the order at DIJRHAM'S Busl-
ness College. J.'is I^arkln St.. cpp. City Hall.
DANCING, tallroom or stage, quickly taught; '
prlv.or class. Barker's Acad-my. 927 Mission.
LAW fchools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 9C5 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetlc.crammar. writing;
day an.i night: terms low. 1014 Ml*s|nn,nr.Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese. Chl-
r.ese. 42« Powell, near Sutter; tel Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. C 55 Clay st.; phone Davis S2l.
JAPANESE Information bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post: phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 V& O'Farrell St.: tel. But 42«.
JAPANESE HIN Emp. Agency; all kind-
help GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 36
ESIPLOYME.\T WANTED FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, good cook, kind to
children, wishes )..hUlon as housekeeper; city
or country. Call CJ.-78 Ellis st. r. 131, 1 to 3.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good washer
and kroner; $1 a day an.i car fare. Box 2,
Call branch. Z-J Hayes bt.
YOUNG lady wishes position as accompanist on
the piano with one or more instruments. Ap-
I'ly E3ID Howard «L
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to 11 M night; $150 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bu»
an<l baxcitce to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fsllmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubi-crtptlcns has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etc.; upen till I P. l:..
A BRANCH efflce for ■all advertisements and
subscriptions bes been established at 109* Va-
lencia fit.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
t!jem«-nt» and subscriptions has been opened
nt i;^3 Polk et.; open ■•♦:■.■ p. m.
EM PLO VM ENT WANTED MA LE. "
RELIABLE accountant wishes a few hours'
employment during the week. Address F. G.
bux Ul'C. Call office. *
TWO tellable and experienced single men (Ger-
n-.ane); one 33 and other ;■<) years; like to take
churite of orchard or farm: will keep house
tntn-.ftelveit; reasonable wages expected. Ad-
dress or Inquire W. AUGUST, 1112 Kansas
street, near Twenty-third, city.
WANTED— Position in wholesale house after
January 1, as assistant bookkeeper and sten-
ographer: eight years' experience; references.
Address STEXO. 524 Taylor street.
YOUNG mtn. IS yearn of .-. desires position
lr. wholesale grocery house. Address F
RODRIOUEZ. 41C Minna ureet. •* uarea * *'
SITUATION by man and wife with one boy 10
year* old: woman food plain cook; man make
himself useful; both young: city or country.
Apply W. R.. CS9 Golden ate aye.
YOUNG man of educatlen would give rood
honest services for board and room if allowed
to attend Hsstlngs Law School; best of re;
creuces. Address box 1523, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT WA\TI.I)-SlU.i:.
COACHMAN, competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business In all branches, de-
sires a permanent situation. As to qualifica-
tions. Al references, etc, address C. S., 1022
Jackson st.
INI't'STRIOUS, sober and honest German, un-
derstands the care of horses, cows, garden
work, has porter experience and Is handy
with tools, desires position. Box 508. Cal..
MUSICAL team wish a position to Join some
show; small wages. Address box 1527, Call.
POSITIONS wanted by experienced man and
wife on ranch. Address box 1591. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receive 1 nt Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore ts.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hns been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts. ; upen till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH r.fflce for the reception of adver-
t!n<-ments and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 P.Mk St.: cpen till 9 p. m.
EXCHANGE.
Fin?T-CLAPS business for an Alameda house
and lot. Address box 1&53. «'all office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
INFLAMED eyes, or continuous eye trouble
can at once be overcome with Mnyerle's Ger-
man eye water, by mall. 60c. GEORfiK MAY-
ERLR. C.erman Expert Optician. 1071 Vi Mar-
ket Ft.. San Francisco; telephone Mint 2C7.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT new flat; 6 rooms and bath; large
basement. T'.3 OrOTO st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
>ou cet from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10
Mnnticmery at.
: ■. st flat; 4 rooms; bath; base-
mint. 3456 Twenty-second pt.
lie flat; 4 rooms; bath and
yard. 20 Shot well St.. near Fourteenth.
FRKK TO ALL.
HEAVTIKT'LLY Illußtrafed book, by sending
address to lock b x 643. I^o s Angeles. Cal.
KIKMTIIU: FOR SALE.
ENAMELED !r<.n bedsteads, all sixes, fl 90;
heavy mottlnp. 10c per yard; 3 ft x6'> Inch rugs,
fl. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
t-t . near Br *dway; open evenings.
MS rnrnlahed in oak fo r S4S », with No.
I - l-. gang Furnltuiv C,r, 1127-1131 Market.
Xl KMTIKE WANTED.
W. E. CODY (late with J T. Tern* & Co.) buys
furniture. cnrj.«t« IR Mission; tel. Red. S3SS.
D WOLLPERT. H3 Mission St.. pays
rhe«t prices for your 2d-hand furniture..
WAN: .rp«?ts. furniture, etc ; highest
p.>ftnl M. S'.lversteln. 1121 Market.
UK Ll' WANTED — AGENTS.
810 commlsM.'n. percentage increase, share In
stock, salary: men, women to sell lnvestment-
ada; better than bank or building
and 1 an Stock. Call room COS, l'arrutt bldg..
■ 4 dully.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-" 'I. ASS waist trimmer; some knowledge
of t iii.tr w..,rk pref.-rred; steady work; per-
maneni. 11l Dddy it; no sign.
CHAMBERMAID wanted; come ready to work,
it.
I ;lENCBD itale^lndles and makers for
milliner) :;lons. 130 Sixth st.
wan: -'. .' aook. im Beooad st.;
call early.
A flr«=t-class dressmaker, to take
' our tailoring department; must be
.'need In la. lies' tailoring an.i an expert
eklrtmaker. Apply N". STRAUSS & CO., U-M
<;rant aye.
BRIQMT active lady to manage branch office;
| vL-ek. Box IS4''. i all office,
••■; woman wanted for artist's model. Ap-
HU Jackson at.. 10 to 12 a. m.
I irber trade; only requires
eight we fa's to learn this very profitable busi-
h iiiril resK'.ng taught In four weeks, '"all
Or write for free Illustrated catalogue. Mu-
iLLSOB. m '•■IV
WANTED— A Hfilahw on pants: also an ap-
tloe girl: pay while learning. Room 32.
4:0 Kearny st.
B1B 1 cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Mng Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
■ e.i at <>ill branch office, 2'- >l "'<:' Fillmore Ft.
A BRANCH office fi r Call adrertlaementa and
subscriptions has been established at ICO4 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
• . mts and subscriptions has been opened
. ■ 129 Polk ft . open until ? p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call a!\-rt!sements and
sul'scrii'tl.ins has been eFtabllshed at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED MALE.
OOOD MORNING
Ml'KltAY & READY WIBHKB KVEIIYBODY
A MERRY CHRISTMAS
A— MT'RRAY * READY . .. .TV. one Main &8«
Leading EJmployment and Utwr Agents,
Want to-day before 12:30 noon
Vaquep .. fare I Ie, large stock ranch. $30 and
found. U pruners. vineyards, orchards, eic.
$24. $20 and found; 17 farm hands, good Jobs..
$26. $20 and found
S milkers. 4 choremen, $32. $30 to $15 and found;
'"•a.-'lener and farmer $20 and found
I ranch teamtters. steady, good Jobs
$26 and found
<'ablnet-maJcer. boys to learn machine trade;
Stonecutter and men to help build rough stone
rubble •ralla, fare «>■- $2 60 day
MURRAY .v READY, c:4 and 636 Clay st.
l. LAI >RERS. fare We. steady Job $60
U laborers, fare %c $45 60
U laborers, city Job $3» and found
MI'RRAY & READY, fM aid C 36 clay st.
A— MARRIED
Man and wife, no objection to 1 child, to
drive 4-honw» lumlier wagon, etc.. fare Kc.JW
mine. b..ss here J. .
as waiter or bartender, wife aa cham-
tr.ald. eoußtry, small hotel..
Man H porter or wanter, wife as chamber-
maid, small country hotel $40 and found
■ RAx I READY, 634 and R3-". Clay Ft
A WOODCHOPPERSi tie. post anil picket
makers wanted by the hund-eds, $2
I r .i. touls an'i fare advanced
<-n tome Jobs. MCRRAY & READY, 634 and
I 636 (lay st.
N for delicacy store $4') and found
MURRAY & READY, 6C4 and 63G Clay st.
A— HOTEL I'epartment
31 COOks $40. $40. W, f.V>. Pi and found
7 waiters $.15. $30. 12.'.. $20 and found
tor bakeries, drivers for butcher wagons,
dishwashers; also many other jilaces.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 aay st.
C. R. HANBEN £• C0....1M GEARY STREET
Teamsters for the Coast road, rree fare, ship
Tues<ia> . r<» kmen for a quarrj'. countrj'.
!. I ■ il.iy; slnrle head miner. $2 M a day.
•>-aged wine room man, country club;
vegetable man for first-class hotel. $:
«'••> oi*n Monday morning. C. 11. lIANSEN
A- CO.. 1M Oeary st.
ERB' Lome. 1205 Market iT, corner
Eighth— Only legally authorized employment
• ■ on the Pacific Coaft : barbers" bosses
led with first-class help; charges reason-
able; country employers must pay transpor-
tutl. n of men; send stamp for reply; barber
shi ps for Fa!e. WM. HABERECHT, Mgr.
BARBER'B Protective fnlon— The only legal
organized union on the cast. J. J. HEINZ.
r.t Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive I'nlon— Free Employ-
' ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BARBER wanted. 108 Fourth st.
ERRAND boy wanted. Levlson Printing Co .
M 2 Sacramento st.
WANTF.r> dishwasher. 8 Hayes st.
i HZ
A GOOD dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED— A good* cook. 13T. Fifth st.
I nisHWASHER wanted. 108 Hayes st.
BOY wanted for drug store. IS4S Ellis st.
NIGHT waiter for oyster house at 125
Seventh st.
QET your shoea holf-soled while waiting: 25c to
60c. ic? Ml— lll St.. between Ist and 2U sts.
RESPONSIBLE party In office; salary $15 per
weak Box IML Call.
WANTED First-class cabinet maker! SINK
_A_SCHINDLER. 1309 Market et.
! BARBERS— Good 3-chalr shop with cigar stand.
DECKELMAN BROB.. 106 EIHs st.
WANTED— Hat salesman and furnishing goods
salesman. Apply S. N. WOOD A CO. 71*
Market st.
WANTED— A first-class carriage blacksmith.
Apply to A. MEISTER * SONS. Secramento.
Cal.. statins; references.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S, M t-'teuart st.
Wo PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. Ml Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
VI KST-CLASS tailor on custom coata. 121
Montgomery st., room L second floor.
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
WANTED— thoroughly experienced salesman
and buyer for clothing, furnishing goods and
hats. Address letters to box 1554. Call office,
stating references, giving houses where for-
merly employed, age and salary expected.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month: call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Hou'e proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third ft.; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at S.
F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
BARBER shop, first class, short hours, 6:30 to
7:30. for sale. 603 Washington st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast.
dinner or supper: best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— H. BHBPARD & CO.. attor-
_— — — — neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
20" SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 23c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscripilons has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
r at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sato
LOTTIE LILAC, 2:23 H. the handsomest mare
of her size In California; Diamond Whips, by
Whips (sire of Azote. 2:04"%), a beautiful stal-
lion: Rose Lilac, by Red Nuttle, a gentle-
man's perfect roadster, and a handsome
coupe horse for sale at Occidental Horse Ex-
change, 721 Howard st.
JUST arrived— 7s horses from the Hunttngton
and Diamond Valley Ranch, Nevada, to be
Fold at the Hunting-ton and Diamond Valley
Stock Yards, at the corner of Sheridan and
Ninth sts., between Folsom and Harrison.
Parties desiring to buy the bunch apply there.
AT auction Tuesday next at Ormonde Stable.
1517 Mission St.— Without doubt we have 40
head of largest, choicest and beat broke horses
ever offered at public sale in this city. B.
ATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for pale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S:"7 Sixth St.; auction Bales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BUGGY mare, $35; horse. $20; top buggy. $20;
light wagon. $35. 19 City Hall aye.
50 READ fin* draught and driving horse* at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also pome fine matched black teams.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1O2« Market st!
■ RELIABLE BROKERS.
16 rooms; cor.; finest furnished house In city;
central: particulars at office.
17 rooms: cheap rent; cheap gas and a
money maker; part CR6h; men roomers.
80 rooms; new house, new furniture; $2000.
44 rooms; cor.; part cash; rent $125; $2000.
41 ROOMS on Van Ness: rent $125 $2000
56 rooms; one floor; money maker $1500
17 rooms; central and very fine $550 j
Wanted— One 10-room and one 12-room house.
M GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., near Call bldg.
$700— LODGING house: 18 rooms: north of Mar-
ket St.; bargain. on account of departure.
Mclaughlin & co.. 7774 Market St.
FOR sale— Well-paying It-room house; must
Fell by the !st. Box 1558. Call.
HOUSES to LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: Fend for cir-
cular O. H. UMBBEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery. j
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Montgomery st.
NATOMA. I "-I rooms. $12. Valencia, 1218. 6
rooms, $20.
$16—7 ROOMS and bath; newly painted. 22 De
Boom st., off Second, near Brannan.
$20— HOUSE of 6 rooms; large stable and yard;
861 Eleventh St. Apply 1627 Folsom st.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST In Oakland— A gold penknife, on Satur^
day afternoon, at 5 o'clock, either on Broad-
way, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth ;
Bts.. or at Lehnhardfs candy store; finder !
will receive liberal reward by returning to
I lehnhardt's, 1139 Broadway, Oakland.
COST— Deo. 20. In the vicinity of Fourteenth
and Jefferson sts., Oakland, a small purso
containing five diamond rings and two dia-
mond pins. Couple seen to pick up same will
please return to J. F. CONNERB, 1203 Jeffer-
son st.. and receive 800 reward.
LOST— Pug dog; in the Mission; name Sport.
Return to 1330% Natoma st. ; reward.
LOST— Diamond screw earring. Return to 2018
Pevlsadero <■:. anil receive reward.
.MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladies' physician
and specialists; home for patients In conflns-
ment or with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Lax-
kin; hours 10 to 6. 7 to 8.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
lades' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
ht home; consultation free; success guaran- :
teed. Write or call At 1023H Market St.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1362 Market
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at 1
office. $5; warranted; 13 years' successful prac-
tice in S. F. Offlce. 118 Eddy st.. near Mason.
DR. POPPER, ladies' physician for 37 years;
call en a physician with man's knowledge;
cure P; consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late sclen- I
tine methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $5. j
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
pest of care; ice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2751; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket ft., bet. .Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. )
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market St.; hours in
a. m. to sp. m. ; at residence. 228 Van Ness
aye.. 5 to 9 p. m. guaranteed treatment, $5.
MRS DR GWYER. 610 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and I-arkln; hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to ».
D , - OR . ET ' the eminent female specialist.
1 * Ifth st. Home or office treatment. $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
st ; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MIXES AM) MIXING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stork Ex-
change; 40 cents per share or monthly install-
l l ?i£? nd ~ for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 5-7.
W F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. stn
floor. Mills building. S. F.: tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BO i~ER S> engines. 2d-hand machinery. mT-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; i.ew and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-10W-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
CALL' and examine what I offer for sale; a
paving of 60 per cent on store prices. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
TWO-TON Buffalo scale for sale; a bargain.
Call at ICO Mission st.
REMINGTON typewriter. $27 60; bicycle. $12; a
bargain. 416 Larkln st.
FOR pale— Electric motor. 2 H. P., fine running
condition; one No. 3 Sturtevant blower and M
feet sheet Iron piping, ells and angles; oak aad
plate glass office partitions: revolving oak
bookcase. Apply POPE MANUFACTURING
CO.. Ml Post bt.
ONE H. It Smith 4-sided sticker: 1 Goodell &
Waters planer and matcher. 24x6; 1 air com-
pressor; 1 band saw; 5 locomotives: 3 steam-
era. 220 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second for hanks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F. Cal.
TWO fresh family cows; one Jersey, the other
Holstein and Durham. Apply at 1511 Nine-
teenth aye.. South San Francisco.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
?i2°\. concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
ELEGANT fawn beaver cape: lined silk: latest
model; great bargain; $50. Call between 2 and
6, 1358 Market st.
MISCELLANEOUS SALE.
A— 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pin*.
HANDSOME fawn beaver cape; latest model;
silk lining; $50; half-price. 1421 Market, r. p..
GOOD as new Remington typewriter for $70;
cost $110. Address box 1542. Call.
THREE B-horsepower gasoline engines; very
cheap. NEWELL BROS.. 140 First st.
GREAT Dane pups for sale. Sunset Kennels,
171 Fourth st.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery st.
CASH register and fireproof safe for sale cheap.
42 Main st.
ITALIAN model mandolin, high grade, $10; cost
$35. PLAZA LOAN OFFICE. 702 Kearny st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes,
■Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers;
oak; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
MAGIC lanterns: new and second-hand: acety-
lene generators. Bullard & Brack. 131 Pott st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. Sl3 Kearny st.
FOR Christmas presents call on PORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler, 103 Sixth st.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 616 Muslon.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new. Id-hand. Whltelaw.2l6 Spear. I
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must b«
cheap. Address box 1354. Call office.
MO.VEY TO LOAX.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
ANY proportion, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSKN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture, or planes in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval: no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $30
to $100,000: 6 per cent; Ist, 21 or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates. legacies arid mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. €36 Market.
ANY amount at I per cent: let, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
RESPECTABLE, responsible reliable money
lending house; lowest rates; established
Ml; our own fireproof bulldlnir; Drlvst- en-
trance; private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS 15
Grant aye.
j ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable dace to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prlcea for old gold, silver, diamonds.
j ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg. 130 Powell st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny. rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow en watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator: tel. Davis MS,
WE have more money on hand than we care to
carry; chattel mortgages, rents, estates, coun-
try lands. A. M. SPECK & CO 6C7 Market.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorscr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
PRIVATE party loan* on furniture at 3 per
cent; no commission. BROWN, r. 81. 6 Eddy.
$SOCO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
TO salaried men: wl\hout collateral or Indorser.
8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs •
ary proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.'
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money nee H. MURPHY. C3O Market Pt.
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— S2OOO on first mortgage. Address
box 1534. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
• chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
! pianos for $6 per month, und some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY A CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sta.. San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
"BABY" Decker uprights are "all the rage"
now. See them at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
PACKARD organs are the best of all organs
for churches; send for prices. MAUVAIS
7€9 Market st.
THE choicest kind of a Christmas present Is an
Olympta music box. Call at MAUVAIS', 763
Market St.. and hear em.
IF you don't want to pay all cauh you can have
easy payments for any piano at MAUVAIS'
769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 23 and 30 '.'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and '
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
• thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose * Sons and
60 other slightly used high and medium grade I
pianos: spe< ml discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LEH & CHASE. M O'Farretl st.
GREAT slaughter sale of pianos on storage:
i cloning out I) tof uprights $60 up; open even-
Ings. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
j pianos; prices reduced to insure prompt sales
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
FINE Fischer * Stelnway Upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1011 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— upright piano; only $60 cash;
BOM for storage. 1710 Market st.
j OUR pianos have arrived: rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 660 Hayes st.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other piano*. 308 I
Post st.; open evenings.
WANTED— square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post st.
W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNGS. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbemia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, cithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AMD STORES LET.
ASHTON— Store. 426 Turk. nr. Larkln. $18; do
479 Valencia St.. nr. Sixteenth. $20.
HALF of nice office (furnished); first floor.
Room 14. 1104 Market st.
PERSONALS.
AM 55; wealthy, but lone; will make home hap-
piest spot on earth to appreciative wife.
"DALE," Ml Bast Fifty-fourth St.. Chicago.
WIDOWER would like th- acquaintance of a
widow; object matrimony; Protestant: no
trlflers; no agents. Address box M. Call of-
fice, Oakland.
MR. A. DELI'Y. merchant. 1 Place Boleldleu.
Paris offers to be buyer for cne or several
American firms for all French articles, such
as bronzes, statuary, paintings. Jewelry, dry
goods millinery, dresses, toy*, etc. ; best ref-
erences; write for terms.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca. the best Hair Tonic,
given away; sample bottle »ent to your ad-
dresa on application to G. Lederer. 123 Stktcn.
LEDERER is a connoisseur In coiffures; go to
him and have your hair dressed right. 2jc;
switches $1 up; open mornings, on holiday*
and Sundays. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
NUMBER 64 win* the suit at II WALT
1440 Market st.
JOHN L. BOONS. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a SDeclalty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. ) Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms*
25c to $1 M per night; $1 M to M per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING" theatrical and masquerade cos-
tuners; make-up and wig-<; country orders ho-
Uclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market St.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
any style. DAMITRES BARO9IS. 27 Ninth.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
PERSONALS.
COLEMAN buys clothing, *> rtc - a - b r 2 C> u'.i <^v'
carpets, old gold; send for him. ■§ Kearny.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market., bet. 7th and Bth.
DOLL wlrs made of human hair at La Ye ?
parlors. 1140 Market s^jjelephone Folsom 445.
BEST price for cast-oft clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. Ml Third at.; send postal.
PAINTING and paperhanglng: rooms papered,
12 SO UP. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth St.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, crow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. < Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf'g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. =4S O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HOKN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
'"all. 16 paße«, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum paper:
superior to all and lower In price; sample
doz. 25c. mailed. in. Camera «'■». 22 Geary.
PHRENOLOGY AM) METAPHYSICS.
PHRENOLOGICAL reading given. All dis-
eases cured without the use of drugs by Profs.
DOVE and EILERSFICKEN. 7S Third, r. 15.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To purchase. 2-flat house; good lo-
cation GEO. W. i matin, 11 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR Mil;.
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sale on
Pierce and Waller sts.. near Halght; over 30
houses sold In same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms;
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
FIRST-CLASS bpslness lot; cheap If sold thU
week. Box 1553, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pagea. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
REAL ESTATE — — For Sale
$1200— COTTAGE: 4 rooms and basement; In
Berkeley, near station; lot 35xS0; 11 • down, Jli
monthly.
$500— Rough house; 4 rooms; lot 25x123; $50
down, $10 monthly.
•-■HAS. A. BAILEY, owner.
' 20 Montgomery st.
REMOVAL notice.— fine move; don't
forget my new address; finest office* and un-
equaled list. N. D. SICK ELS. the Land
Agent. 10 Geary St.. opp. Chronicle bldg. H. F.
YOU get 160 acres for $500: list of small farms.
M GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CHESTNUT. 233— Fine furnished room for
housekeeping; quiet neighborhood; fine view
and tun; cheap.
HAIGHT. 10O— Newly furnished sunny rooms.
HYDE. 410— Sunny front parlor suite, complete
for housekeeping; also basement front suite.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at as polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencia Ft.
A BRANCH office fct Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been cxtabltshvd at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tacky sts). : open till 9 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET Karri, anil I nfuri>.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE? 14S^xth^Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to |8 per week, and
light housekeeping: open ill night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike, house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms We to Jl 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
BURNETT. 1425 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlthed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; •11 furn. mis. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ELEGANT suite. bay window, on Van Ness;
suitable for doctor or dentist. Box Ml. Call.
GEARY. 403 (The Navnrre)— Elegantly furnish"
ed rooms, en rulte or single. MRS. 11. IIYEU.
GIRARD House, 152 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or wotk; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms; en eulte or
single; ladles' parti reading room: elevator.
GRANT a\-.. 217. opp. Samuels' lace house— En
SUlt.- or single; very reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to |l per week.
HARRISON. 78414. nr. Finely rare. sunny
rms.; bath: convenient, homelike: Jl wk. up.
HOWARD, 715— 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
MCALLISTER. 1034 — Large furnished room-
large closet; gas; hot and cold water: rent $«.'
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. |1 pt-r week; transient.
NEW Arlington. 1013 Market— Nicely furnished-
3ac day up; }2 week up: transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
of tiers ; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. Jo 4— Beautiful flat of four or five
rooms; sunny; stove.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis «t.— lncandescent light
reading-room, smoklp.g-room and ladles' nar-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to Jl £0; week. $2 to
IS: month. JS to J3O; elevator on office floor-
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 19. few .1 ion from Market— Nice sunny
suite; also others. "'
THE Oaks, 119 Thlrd-A gno.l rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
WILLOW aye.. 650— Sunny front room; bath-
quiet home for gentleman.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rub^rlptlcns has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
,m, m £ n . t , s .. lln<l subi| TlP«l fi n8 has been opened
at 1223 Polk ft.; open till Ip. m. v v
A BRANCH office f r Call advertisements and
*üb«criptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum'ar. Home
Society hereby give notice that they have nd*
muted Into the orphanace from July 1 isaa
tO A tnb * IL3l L 30 ' |»9. th- following orphans
and half-orphans, boys and girls: Abe Blalne
6 n W», moa i Earle Marks, 5 yrs. 3 mos \
Rosa Cohen. 9 yrs. 7 mos.; Dora Cohen 13
yrs. 4 mos.: Joseph Cohen. 11 yrs. 9 mos •
Marcus Bernstein. 9 yrs. « mos. ; Jacob Beni-
stein. , yrs. 2 mos.; Ruth Lowenstein. 3 yrs
Lr n "V V harl '" Hlrsch. 9 >«. 10 mos.; Albert
jiirscn, t yrs. 3 mos.
MRS. DR. HOPKINS' new discovery for rheu-
matlsm: also medicated baths for alcoholism
. and rheumatism. 1035 Mkt.. office 7; 1-5. 7- 1™
BAD tenants ejected for t4 collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO
_*. Montgomery st.. rooms 9-li); tel. $520.
SEWING .MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented. irpaired7~bo^ghtTlold-
machine supplies. 145 sixth; phone Mint 43.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented- re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
.STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PI rS nCE RUDOLPH StoraßTlnTltartnV^Sr
< "'■'•■ 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713!
WATCH REPAIHIXG.
WATCHES dean «™a7a7ue7d~2~y7a77
The Roy Jewelry an.l Optical Co.. 540 Kcarny!
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
J1450-LOT J«xJ25: cottage 5 roomTTnd bath-
street work done; easy terms.
J22CO— Lot Mx»s: fine cottage: 5 large rooms
and bath: worth J3SCO: only JIOO cash? ba'Tn™.
lie per month: great snap. ua.ance
j:C00-Lot 40x150; Morton st.. between rail-
roads; near station and school: handsome, new
cottage of 7 rooms and bath; J5OO and J'3 nJr
month. v *
J2250-Lot 35x150; 2-story house of S rooms and
bath: Alameda *"" near Morton-st. station
easy terms. "union.
J3soo— Lot 40x150: fine new 2-itory house 1
rooms and b ath; Morton , t# B Jriutlon. .nd
.chools; 1500 cash, balance 130 per month *
MOO-Lot 7..X1.-.0; on main avtnu*; cottar.
Jn r< aTpsr?. d o? t J;, : a^d a L barCllln: hh ° U "«
„«• P. MOREAL & CO.
1422 Park '-' ■ Alameda. Cal
WHO wants a n«w oU n^na 7 , E£& first, l,.:
In all respecu, at a nominal price? Call an*
Investigate at 2iM Buena Vista aye or s«
owner at 1243 I'ark st. ' r "*•
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEKKKI.KV III: IX ESTATE.
TWO flats— lo rooms: modern: near nation: I
minutes to University: price 12ZC0; eajy terms.
FREESE A COnniNCTON. Berkeley SfiLtlin.
FRL'ITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
- frutvai.i: REAL ESTATE.
HANDSOME house, 9 rooms. In Frultva!*;
modern and 5 years old; larg» lot: corner
Champion st. and Nleol aye. ; fruit trees and
carriage house; terms to suit you and price
too low to quote; house open to-day.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— The Weekly Call.
H pares. In wrapper, for mulling, tl r>er yir
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOS BROADWAY.
OAK LAM* REAL ESTATE.
tGCCO— WILL sell quick for 14200; fine corner
residence: lot 45x175; 9 rooms: up to date.
E E. BUNCE. KS Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAM' FUR.MTL'RE FOR "M.K.
AN Introduction to you from 11. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
Mmßn KOTICE9.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Pavings an<l
Loan Society. 62S California it.— For the half
year ending December 31. l'O). a dividend h n
been declared at the rate of four (4) per cent
per annum on term deposits and three and
one-third «3 1-3) per cent ptr annum on ordi-
nary deposits, free of t,,v -. payable oo md
after Tuesday. Jantiary 2. 1300.
CEO. TOI.'RNT. Secretary.
THE Continental BulMlnr and Loan Associa-
tion of California. 222 Sansome St.. San Fran-
cisco, has declared for tba 6 months ending
December 31, 1W). a dividend of 13 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock. 10 per cent
per annum to cla-ts "F" stock, 0 per cent per
annum on terra deposits and 5 per cent per
annum on otOlnary deposits.
CAPT. OLIVER ELtiRIDGE. President.
WILLIAM CORHIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Havings Bank of
San Francisco. 33 I'ost st.— For •- half year
ending December 31, ISO 3. a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three <3) per cent p*r
annum on all depoMtJ. free of • '-•. payable
en and after TUESDAY, January 2. 1300.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 100 (10a per
share) of th» Ocetinlo Steamship Companr
will be payable at the office .of the rrmpany.
No. 527 Market St.. on and after Tues<lay.
January 2. l:X><\ Transfer b<->^ks will close on
Wednesday, December T!. Iot, at S o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN Francisco Savings Union. 632 California
st. ccrner Webb— Dividend Notice— For th«
half year ending with the 31st cf December,
1>», a dividend has been declared at the rat*
per annum of three and three-fourths (3*«>
per cent on term deposits and three anil one-
eighth (3H) per cent on ordinary deposits,
free of taxe*. payaMe on an 1 nfter Tuesday.
January 1 1000 LOVELL WIIITI*. Cashier.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BOBN.
MACKENZIE— In this city. December 1?. ISM.
to the wife of Robert 1~ Mackenzie, a daugh-
ter.
RAYMOND— In this city. December 23. 1535. to
the wife of William 11. Raymond, a daughter.
SHAWL— In this city. December 17. 1333. to the
wife of Sol Shawl, a son.
SFITZ>-In this city, December tt. UOO. to the
wife cf J. Spitz, a fun.
MARRIED.
MYERS— COOK-In tbll city. December 24. U3>.
by the Rev. George C Adanu. Edrts B.
Myers and Mabel Cook.
SHANNON— FELL— In Stockton. November 11.
IiVJ. by Ju«tlee A. C. I'arker. William W.
Shannon and Annie Louise Fell, both of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Baker, Frank --ian. Jay
Blgnottl. Gl-tcomo Hulland. Michael
Cemelll. Andrew Hirst. Henry H.
DcnlszewlßZ, Ivan Jacquay. D. W.
Fitzpatrlck. Francis M«-y»r. Mary W.
Fehrcnhach. Sofle Matheson. Albert C
Fletcher. WiUtaia Ml<- haleson. Jacob
Fox. Mary Q. Moffltt. William F.
Freudenthal. John !:•:;;,. Mr*. E.
Friedman. Infant Hchulken, Henry D.
Hansen. Matthias Smith. H«iry W.
BAKER— In th« City an 1 County Hospital. De-
cember 23. lvO. Frink B.U:er. a native of III-
lnol«, pged -• years.
BIGNOTTI— In this rlty. December 54. 1533,
(•lacomrt, d<>ar!y beloved husband of Lutgla
Blgnottl, and father of J.. G.. L. and C. lilt-
nottl. a native of Italy, aged M years.
CEMELLI— In the City and County Hospital.
December 24. HM. Andrew Cemelll. a native
of Italy, ased C 2 years.
DENIt=ZEWI.S2>-In this city. December 22.
1199, Ivan mwisz. a native of Rassla,
aged 45 years.
CTFrienils and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:3<) o'clock, from the parlors
(if the California I.'r. Wrtaking Company. 403
Powell street, near I'ost. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. December 23.
IS?3. Francis, beloved husband of Nora Fitx-
patrlck. and father of Mary. Frank and Mag-
gie Fitzpatrlck. a native of Jersey City. N. J..
axe.) 63 years 1 month und 23 days. (Newark
and New Haven papers please copy.)
JL7 Friends ami acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ■ morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1232 Treat avenue, th»nce to St. Peter**
Church, where a requiem high mass will b*
celebrated for the repose of his soul at i
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FEHRENBACH— In this city. December 23
1i99. Sofle. beloved wife of Albert Fehrenbach
slater of Mrs. Marie Hrtnleln. and sister-in-
law of Mrs. Rr.!<a Bltzenthaler. a native of
Gerni.iny. aged 47 years 7 months and 17 days.
!T?*Frler.dx and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & C>.. 1137 MNslon street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
FLETCHER— In the City and County Hospital.
Dec.-ml.-r 24. IW. William Fletcher, a native
of Enslar.d. aged 47 years.
FOX— In Kedwoo-I City. CM.. December 23 W.
Mnry G. Fox. mother of Edwin B. Fox and
Mrs*. O. A. Ilassett. a native of England, aged
SO years and 4 months.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
4Mnnday). Services at residence of Edwin 11.
Fox at 1 ('clock. Interment In Union Ceme-
tery. Redw<*>l City.
FKEUDENTHAL-In this city. December "4.
ISW. John, beloved husband of the late Dora
Freudenthal. and father of Mrs. J. A. Cas-r
Charles Freudenthal. Mrs. L. Clarence and
Mrs. Henrietta Cobra, a native of Germany
aced 72 years 9 month* and 13 days. (Chicago!
111., papers please copy.)
ID'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock from the parlors of
Theo. Dlerks. 6,7 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FRIEDMAN— In this city. December M. 1133,
infant child of Myer and Arta Friedman.
HANSEN— In this city. December 23. WOO. Mat-
thias, beloved husband cf Bertlne Hans»n.
■nd father of Henry Hansen. Mrs. Llzzl<»
V>arffe and Adolnh H.insen. a native of Nor-
way, aged €5 years nnd 20 days. A member of
I'aclfte 1. •!.:•• Nf>. 15T». 1. O. O. F.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances ire reseect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), nt 130 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ZSli Army street, between Dolores and
Church. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
via electric funeral car frnm Twenty-sixth
and Army streets at 2:30 o'clock.
HYMAN— In this city. December 23. ISW Jay
Hyman. beloved son of Mrs. M. 11. Jacobs of
Antloch. Cal.. a native of San I'ednx Cal
ared 11 years and S months. ' '*
KTFrftnda and Acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tn tttertd the funeral this dar
(Monday) nt 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. 11. Metzler. Ktf Washington street
Interment New Snlem Cemetery by train
HOLLAND— In this city. D»cmber 23 iw
Michael Holland beloved brother of the late
Mrs. Maggie Kelleher. and cousin of Annl*
Holland, a native of Berkeley. Cal.. aged 33
HIRST-In this city. December 23. ISW. Henry
HrHirat, aged 26 years S months and 23 day*
t> Jntrrment to-morrow (Tuesday) at
JACQUAT— In this city. December 23. IST). D.
\\. Jaeqoar, n^-fil is years.
ET-Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlor* of the California Undertaking
Company. 4C , Powell street, n-ar Post.
M & YI ; U r In tnl * rlty - Decemter 22. IS.TO. M.iry
\\ beloved wife of Henry J!-v?r. nnd mother
of Robert Meyer, a native of Virginia, aged
. ET'Frionri* an.; acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th- funeral this day
(Monday), ct 10 o'clock, frcm her late resi-
dence, the Piedmont, 115 A fc!xth street. In-
terment Cvnresj Lawn Cerro-tery. by electrlo
car from Eighteenth an<l Guerrero (treets.
MATHESON-in this cltv. December 21. ISSJ.
Albert i: . belovM an.l enly son of Danlet
HhNRY J. GALLAGHER CO., \
fSoeceasors to Flnnnagan it Call-«<r»r*).
FT^ERAL DIRECTOi:S AND EMHALMUtIS.
*> k"lflb »t.. tppoMite L ncjla scaujl.
Telephone Mou J* Ml
mTvr., McAVO ' V ' «*- CO.. 2
FLN ?i,V\ L DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3. 1
FCNEKAL I 11 U.UERa. I
• li3j Market st.. between Bth and Jto. 3
• Telenhnna South 247. 3: • ■ Mcaal*.
llpiliil!
°» pan
•i^ESte^crS 81 ?? ESS* 8 * »"»!»•
Mf-tarSSt.,? • C - OCoanpr * Co.. 767
isstHiSsr* say- *—*- ». u»
J«S l S? Bleat l °- morrw (Tuesday), at Ban
" '♦•eember U. UH
HrnrV
umrn
■ tils dajr
' ' lntrr-
Urnry
' 1..---
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
• ■# Ju
-
fVa it
K. and
P M r
>!*.a
aS *£:}"?' ™\ *£*" *»c»«y to Henry
bmTINMSI " nd *■ biaek l - Marl * a Trie?
tloT" Ot>rjoa to tieorc* M. Sheldon, ume;
IWu
»M'wv!,rHMl^ f!e Praac«chlni to John E.
Mine r v « ",' c M - t0 Heliry al - d
«£2? Sr« «^?^S: lot on E Ilae of
Alameda County.
■
H^nr.f; ?^ i°^ k/°r*nrk /°r* n r Ot North Oakland
liotncsteaj, uaktand; gift.
P^rSKfiHJ*"^ T - X - *wlar. lot «7. block
i» lBU * liJ * Tract, Oakland Township; Jlo.
i*i;-* *'i h > :idic » t « icoriK-rationi to Mlna E.
Jirowti. lot on N\V line of Jeaa itrcet. M> BW
t'l tanta Itoka uwnue. SW 6j by N\V 112 b«
bf«*SJ^«f N * B :o fw if lot "• Lluck ■*■•
M«Aforfl Tract. OakJand; Slu.
v^f iE ; * n<l r*-"er *-" e !•*■ Hardy to Karl EL
Nlokrl. lot ..n SE corner of San Pablo and
£**"£*»*> avenues. * 163:10. S W. E 10. S 45.
i . ?4#? 4# . « Siil lv being portion of
Ut« 1 and M, block U. Ur^ckbural 6t Whltchcr
Tract. «mkland; 110.
Jofaa M. xuid Aunlt 3. Cockertcn to Goaer T.
Uruntca, lot en SW line of Nlnetc^aili street.
.' ■ t< NW ff Fourth avenue. NW 40 by SW
:*..*. beitig tho BE 40 feft of lot IS. block B. !
1 rralta Hf;j!.ti, Ea#t Oakland; JIOO.
Mellscost K. Wake to Sarah Ca»*idy. lot on I
i«°'«.°L X , 1 ,' lrtll * c «ret-t. s>;.u \v of Fulton.
U*£4 by \\ 4. guitclmm deed. Berkeley; tW I
Uichard Ca*vldy t^. same, lot on S line or Klt-
IT**^.." 11 "*"* 1 - ***> IV «f Kuium. SUi, W do,
.** «4. E Hil, to beginning. Berkeley; also
«;uIT. :»;m» * striD of land about four f»>et wide
*n^ !>ir.c between above-described and Shat
tuck avenao. Berkel. >•; sift.
,' 4 , r ' (l <"a»Mdy to John M. Foy. lot on P line
- 115. i
U trw, N l^.o*. E 41.11, to beginning. Berke
ley ;»-■■•.
£4. \{ l lf ilr '^ <1 »«««•. X«:?*» Wcf Willow
i .!' ** Mal> of l4a(J> °- Oakland I'olnt
Kalln-ad Kerry Landln*. Oakland; 120
Tlir.'.th>- I-uJpe 1.. L«.ulit b\ Monteasle, the P
Us i :.... t of ot -.. mil of lot 10. th« N >:4 fm of !
■V \ !?£ ! V b f**lf ** 1 cf lot :: - aJI of lot » i>s t° '
cf blzek 4. AntJ^ell Tract. Berkeley; also the !
h » feet of lot 4. all of lot. I and V and N W i
leet of lot 7. the X 7i;- feet of iot« ZU 22 und
.3. a.*o lot 14 ex.Ni.t :he W 40 feet of N 10 feet
th.-reof. all of !ot« 25 to 3n. r*»ubdtvl»ion of
t>.ook 5, Antlw'.l Tract. Berkeley; ai»o lota 1 \
and ?. M.K-k 11. ILtoney Tract. Berkeley; a:- .
# lit <>n y: o.mer of Krtstol and Fourth streets. I
6 ISO. E IX,. S M. X 75. N l>>. W ZOO to begin- i
j.lrut. belr.K a i>ortion at lot tract B. B«rke
l«y L. Az T. I. Association. Berkeley; Jio
HA. «nd Tjaur* A. Plnney to Charles Seitx. I
lot 11 and W half of lot 10, block A. oa map of '
FubdtvtMoa of a portion of U.x-ks 1. A. E and i
I-. Rrvteed Map N-«-.-t Hill Tract. Brooklyn
ToviMupi fl<*.
Tlrootl-.y Taiir* to lx»ui* F. Monteaxle lots i
12. 13. J6 to l\ 24 to 31. 24 to 37. 83. £ block A. .
Join € 7. kJT tv 2«. Z». &» ar ,d 31. block M lou i
r 10 17. 12 to H, 23. 34 and 3T S block C. lots 4 to '
tZ. :.. 2». 31 to «4. Mixk I>. lots 1 to 5. 12. 13, i
:v. »!>. rr to 3'). zz. v. 31. ss. St. 42 43. 47 to 10 '
» loe* E. lots 4 U to li. :u ri. is to 38 3« 3} 1
and *n. block K. l>>ts € to 10. 12 to 17. IS. 23 to
I*. Zi. 7ft. £3 and 34 and S5. bk-ck G. all In the '
iielrr** Station Tract, l!n>okl>n Townshlu; U0 j
lAfayette Bror.ks to M»rj- V. nrooks. lot on I
NW Ur.e of Twelfth avenue, log NE of East I
Fixt*»T,th i-treet. NE W \y NW 150. block is
Clinton. Ea*t Oakland; sift.
Same to *atne. Jot en PE line of Twelfth «.ve- j
rue. l.in SW cf Ea« Rlxte»nth «reet. KE .Vj \<y !
BE l r *'. l*',ng the rear p..rtl..n <,f lets 21 to 24
tlork Cfi. nn». Hant Oakland; Lift.
Murj- K. I<lsinj!ck to William J. White, lots
£1 and 22. blxck C. Buena Ventura Tract MaD 1
1. Brooklyn Townnhiy; 110.
Mission Teak Lodce No. 114. I. O. O F i
t-.tin of Irvinirtr.n. to n. Pur.nn. of lot
177. j.lat n7i»<ld Fellows" Cemetery. Washington
Townnhli>; t2f>.
Soxhla B. Adams to Frank L. ani Carrie T
.••":.•■.- lot <-'n W line r.f Clay «r»et, TjO V of
glxt^r.th. N sft by W IV>, Oakland; $100.
M!nnl» Garthorne (executrix •<{ the estate of '
Ofxjrjre H. Gnrthorne) to E. J. Flanl^an. lot on
\V line of OieMer str*-et. 2jp>:s S o f West
Twei:th rtrwt. W M. N M. E fc2, S ?6 to be-
Cir.n'.r.K, Oakland; $12>0.
Außutta E. U^an t'» Emily L. Bean, lot on
N line of WaH<-n tln-fl, 2:-0 E of Orove E 37-6
by N 120. Oakland; JIO.
Georre L.. and Kate L.. Fitx and Charles Babb
t^ G. I'arnaiis. lot 22. block 11. and lot 7, block
12. Uerrog Tract, Oakland: 110.
Jame* ft and AlWrt E. Ballsy to G. L. Fltr.
lot 12. block 11 and lot 7. bk»ck 12. same; 1112.
A-la M. Wf«nim»n to .: .^. ; ;. Herrix-hrr. lot on
N rorner r.f Ninth avenue and Ea*t Seventeenth
ureet. nw i;s by NE W. hlr^k 96. Clinton,
]...•■: Oakland <gultrlalm deed); irrant.
• "■harles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Pet<*r C
■nd Alma A. Jennen. kit on W line of Ninth
■venue, 3f»o S of Bancroft way, 8 iJ by W 110.
belnir lot 10, block 123, Raymond Tract, Berke
ley; $5. V
Builders' Contracts.
ilaitle J. Bain and Hel«n B. Carr (omners)
with A. X :.' :. contractor, architect none, all
w-rk exrept , » fixtures for two flats, with
unfinished ba*«-ment. also alterations to old
tiulldinir on t^E <«<-mer nf Twenty-Klxth and
Guerrfro rtrM-t*. E »:10H. 8 26:fi. :•» ; J av» : tl'.M
Jacob Frowenfcid <owntr> with Frank Siulth
cfintrartor. «rrhit«H-t» HalfleM a k ■).;».• ri-.
work for additional utorv to building on
N line of Elils street. 137 :( Eof Ma*on E
U V%. N «7:C, E »:7U. N 40. W 60. S 177 6"
tuo.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Mis* I- E Newell. N V [} D Rtrhar-Jaon. Pulron
C Dusrw, Chicago O II M ►tin. Alame.la
"V O E*l>ey, Portland J1" I«.>m»>ar<l. Portland
F W Waltt. Portland IB E Hies*. Urldlry
r A Oraham. San J<«e J i: l*<nny. VUalla
\V Aft Lrxwe, Hr<ile iT J Ililm, Finta F#
H J! Forney. Parto F E Prt.ir & fair 1. A
J W Dunlap. Mlrh Biff Ml*» M Hrownlnc. Cal
A C Morrlann. Pvllle 'F Telrklns. Crockett
C II Warford. Val]eJ-> j(J F Marrell, Merced
J II I•■ >!»-. VaJlejo iJna Onl.Jmnn. MercM
C'J Hrown. Stanford ;S Itumnieirbrrr & ram.
T Punn 4 w. Herkelejrj Crockett
II To4il. Oakland J W Prymlale. Modesto
O F Kut«. Vallejo ;C M Easle. M<><Wto
C R Kirk. Vallejo ill Mullen. Modesto
L Wlpchart. Stanford H C Pollard. M .i--t.i
J 8 itoten>. Vallejo Minn C Stout. Frenno
A I.!r.d«-n»iunc & w. Cal Thi* E X i.-t:.-i:.l. Col
J I» l>»y«T A v. Ala ;\Vm MrMullen. Boston
J C fhlT. N V if' E Naxh. Fan Jone
n M I-ynian. <l»akJanfl 'II Mr-twina* }?an Jose
Cl* Hosier. Oakland II M I'ayne. . u a Imlb O
M o'Hafferty. c.i|u»a If) W Raymom). Ktanfd
I» Flantiiitan, Colusa !F n I'attel, Calaveraa
W I- Jeimon. Ilerkeley Ichan Took. Cttlaveras
F <3«- Jourree. Alaroeda! S MoKer.zle, Denver
T Mull'-r, Cal | WmMcPonald. Vallejo
\V II HHrrifon. Cal A Penr.!n»rt'in. THclah
\V Mrrden. Cal • C'G Wcl«a A W. frigid
A W Hexter. Man»vlle,H J Fnrley. Facto
L. J Callender. «?hlcairu |J r? Frri«er. imira
PALACE HOTEL.
C a HaJdwin. Cal IDr II Morton. '"' t
F L Llllln. Lo* Anc |Mm Morton. \ v
V T Hi.unton. U8 N P Horsey Jr. Md
j A IStttrl. Chiracs t A I' King. HanfHrd
W F Oeorge. Karto 'W 8 Hume. Richmond
F Hnube. M!s*<niri IC A Guernaey, Cal
Mr* Miller. Oakland A Markhelmer. N T
J It At»ni. Seattle W 8 I»ullnt. ' 'ilia
C Dunphy. Mtilbrae Mi» Iwllnc, Phlla
j J CranfTd. AUitneda;M nnirelnmnn. Parlt
t» f Weaver. Kpokane j c Manbaum, Phlla
It M FltJUrerald, oakid.C C Newton. '■Mi*
k p Ma^iulften. Nev D I'lnkelgpell. N V
A Sturm. Chlraco It C JefTrott. S T
C M Kriend. Chtra»o Mm JelTcott. N V
Gen Ea«an. USA I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
w O Jlo* ken. NY I A \V Bowman, 8 Hag
J A Field. l*a J Mulroy. UlvernlJe
C II Pfallor. Hartford M Trenton Si m, Petlm
rlt IJuriu Berkeley ill n Mldletun. Pi C«ta
C l>alHon. Crockett 181 8 S Made wick. P C«ta
A mer*an<ler. Herkley W Q llu.pon. Pt Costa
r Kchler I** Ane J T McKnlrht. Weavr
W J Plummer. Sarto .J OConnell. Vallejo
b|i lea Healdsb'K A<lam». San Jose
J c'Phliliya. Trucker ,\V W I'rtntle. MarUnx
E Etoi2<3»rt. Madera
Another Fraud.
"Did you have a good time In town.
Uno!e Joshua?" . .
"Yaw put up at one of them flrc-proof
hotel* an' It was hotter'n 't It hadn t bin
flre-proof."-€hlcago Record.
Each public school pupil costa Mlnn«
ti ,;- 12 a s«r year.
SUCCESSFUL YEAR
IN SANTA CLARA
Farmers Jubilant Over
the Season's Output.
Fpe<>lal Dispatch to The CalL
RAN JOSE. Doc 24.-The past season
no* been ■ golden one for the farmers and
nortlculjurlsts of Santa Clara County.
*no have received from their products i
over J9.000.000. Most of the crops this year i
unow v large increase over last year. The
markets have been good, and but little of
this season's harvest will be carried to
next year. This will insure good markets
and prices for next year.
The dried fruit crop for the year 1599 is
' nearly all In the hands of packers or on
the Eastern market. The dried prune
output is estimated at 65.000.000 pounds,
dried peaches at 1,000.000, dried apricots
at 1.40u.00i» and other dried fruits. Includ
ing silver prunes, pears and plums.
I 1.4U0.000 pounds, making a total production
"of dried fruits of TO.SWO.OW pounds. At
the basis of prices received this year it
places the faluatlon at J3.USS.OOO.
. In the annual edition of the San Jose
Mercury, issued this morning, the follow
ing statistics are given:
Fruit production of past two years:
_, 18SJ.
Dried prunes 60.000.000 65.000. TV)
Dried |.eachrs 1..\«'.000 S.OdO.CX)
Dried rtiirlcuts 2,2'Xi.000 1.40u.(«J0 '
Other drie.l frulti Mw.OCJ 1.5<0.000 '
Green fruit 13.440.000 16.u50.(H»)
( Canned fruit 12.602.00U 44,337.<XXt
The pack of the canneries have this year
exceeded all others, and is as follows:
Peaches. 171.215 cases; apricots. 122.522; pear*.
*5.7bi; cherries. 7S«S; apples. 578; blackberries,
1.4 rtraw berries. 435: eoot>eberrles. U; nutp
berrlen. «!-0; plums. 4&,M>6; ftTaj**. . .-.&. cur
rant*. SCo; tomalne*. 96.146; beans. 1171; Jellies,
Sft.'.4: a>|'&racuii. W.ftOO; total, 61J.792 cases.
TW« gives a total of 14.778.ws <juart cans of
fruit* and vegetables, valued, at prkva sold
UUa year, at $:.150.C42.
The wine crop this year Is but one-half of
|an average yield, estimated at 3.000.000
gallons of wine. Of this amount 200.000
gallons is sweet wine and about the same I
quantity of grape brandy. The value of :
; the vineyard product will exceed $1.000.000.. 1
The estimate of the berry and vegetable
crop for the year is: Potatoes, 30.000
sacks; onions, 10.000 sacks; strawberries,
40.010 chests; blackberries. 25,000 chests;
raspberries. 15.0-JO chests; tomatoes,
j 10.CM) boxes, shipped fresh, besides
t those canned. The value of the above
j products exceeds ' •'.OC'O.
Other products of the poll, such as hay, j
rraln. etc., will bring the yield to over I
id.000.600.
DENIES STATEMENTS
OF MARCUS A. HANNA
Assistant Secretary of Sound Money
League Speaks of the Gold Plank
in the i'latforcn.
SPOKANE, Per M.— The statements of
•raker, llanna. Proctor and
otben k the | Id plank in the
icaji platform of 1596 are an
and are also not true," said Wiliiam
Yates Terot to-day.
Mr Perot during the Presidential cam
palgr. ■ ' kid., and was
■■ ry of the National Sound
Leagna.
paid: "In April.
, .rent that McKlnley
would be the Republican nominee, and the ;
its wotl • ■ rilver, ;
;ine of vital Importai ' • busl
:itry that tho
••1 in
11
■
:n.J I daily had Cor
th him during the ram
palgn. A srntematlc campaign waa
terest In
any Importance was
lear majority of delegates assured
!. r McKinli ilttvety re:
low the gold i>lank in the platform, f'-ar
ing it- I the Western vote. June
I .ui
nounced. with 1 i hairman. This
. , : erted -ipnal. Then every
memli'T of the commlttc n resolutions,
e\.-r\ Important individual
I the convention, was bom
. with letters and telrprams of the
mperative nature, Insisting that the
■;a became
d that it go in. and
himself to stand
ely on th<- rtlatform. Kohlsaal
put forward as th«- chief urcer of the
plank, because h>- ■ ' ■ •■m man
.unt of the prejudl
Wall street. That Is th»« true story Th<
• ii Into the platform
inited and previously
'. dt-mand of th« great, busi
country."
FARMING -ANDS IN
WASHINGTON INUNDATED
Sudden Rise of the Nooksack River
Creates Alarm Among the Resi
dents of the Valley.
TACOMA, Dec. 24.— Heavy rains and
drop snows in the mountains, accom
panied by Chinook winds, have combined
to send an immense Hood of water cours
ing down Western Washington rivers.
The White. Stuck. Cowlltz. Chehalis,
Skagit, Skohillls and Nooksack are over
flowing the lowlands along their banks,
doing great damage. The greatest trouble
so far has occurred in the Kookaak Val
ley, where the river yesterday rose two
feet. The big railroad bridge of the Bel
llngham Hay and Columbia Railroad at
Everaon, a. 115-foot span, went out lajjt
nlgnt. together with several county
bridges. Residents of Everson and other
Nooksack Valley towns have been cutting
brush and heaving stone for twenty-four
hours in an attempt to save the remaining
bridges. The railroad is assisting with
work trains. Another county bridge at
Unden is washed out-
The Nooksack River has long been not
ed for its sudden rises, but all records
were broken last night when the water
gauge at Everson showed a height of 91
Feet. Many farms in the Nooksack Val
ley are flooded and considerable stock has
b^on lost. The shingle mills on the south
fork of the Nooksack have been badly
damaged by the terrific flood which is
pouring through the mills. Many rafts
with shingle Iwlts were carried Into Puget
Sound and lost. At Deming all the fami
lies on the water front were compelled to
move and water covers the floors of busi
ness houses. Similar results have fol
lowed floods in the Cowlltz and Bkagit
valleys. Thousands of acres of the finest
farming lands in Stuck Valley are under
water.
LAWTON FUND GROWING.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 24.— Charles Parsons,
who was selected to receive and forward
money donated to the Lawton fund, has
telegraphed JI2OO to Adjutant General Cor-
Mn as the result Of the first day's sub
scriptions. Most of the sums subscribed
were in amounts of &0 and SKa). The
work will be continued next week.
Assaulted by Footpads. -
RACHAMKNTf I ■.■. ■ ■. 24 -As O. W.
Oakee of Y<>lo wan returning to his home
late lnM night, am: Mt of WashlnK
. w. lf . i>t- j.p. .1 by f..otpa<ss. <tak-s
had 140 with him. but Instead of riving
it up he threw It Into the mud. Th.
pads then beat and kicked him In a brutal
er.
Texas Reaches New York.
CAPI HKNKY. Va.. Dec. 24.-The
«hlp Texas. Captain
. .-. pasned in the capes to-nigh* B
has on l>oard the remains of the Maine
taKen aboard at Havana on Thurs
day.
Fisher's Body Recovered.
ANGELS CAMP. Dec. 24.— The body of
William Fisher was recovered from the
Llghtner mine to-day. He was killed in
stantly and horribly mutilated within a
few feet «f safety.
Owner of YoutLs' Companion Dead.
BOCTOftf, Dec. 24.— Daniel S. Ford, pro
■rtattar of the Youth*" Companion, died to
daj, aged 77 years.
TTIE SAN FttANCISCO CAT.L, MONDAY, DECEMBER 25. 1899.
SWIFTWATER IS
IN LUCK AGAIN
Reported to Have Found
a Valuable Mine.
Special Dlfpatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, Dec According to news
received by G. E. Daniel and Ed Ralston,
who made the trip from Dawson to salt
water In ten days with a team of Jive
dogs, there was a stampede about the be
ginning of this month, the Brat that has
left Dawson" for some considerable time,
to a creek which enters the Indian River
about nine miles from its mouth. The
rush, in which a large crowd joined, waa
headed by William C Gates, more com
monly known to the people of the Yukon
and the l'aciiic Coast as "Swiftwater
BUI," and his brother, liumboldt Gates.
According to the stories being told when
the miners left Dawson. this new rind to
which a long btring of excited miners was
rushing witn dog teams ajid on Coot is one
of the richest that has been made since
George Carmach staked Discovery on llo
nanza. It is aid to pay as high as lluO
in coarse gold to the pan. How the (tad
was made or who the discoverer was the
miners could not learn. Should it prove
as rich a.- reported Swiftwater will again
become possessed of a fortune such as ho
made alter he was dumped In a drunken
M'i;..ir on one of the richest claims of
Bonanza, wljen that creek was first lo
cated. How ha went through this is an
old story.
The two returned miners report that
there is un almost endless number of
scows frozen in along the river. There
are a hundred or more craft tied up at an
island which has been named Scow Island
in consequence. So much freight for Daw
son is frozen in on these vessels that the
Government has decided to cut a sled
route from Selkirk to Dawson to allow
of the goods being moved in over the ice.
Just prior to the departure of the miners
the bridge tender at Dawson was married
to a young lady of 16 years, and for a
bridal tour they started to Cape Nome
with twenty-six dogs carrying supplies.
Other arrivals from Dawson are Jack
Carr. who brings the nugget express, and
C. N. Hanson, from the Forty-mile dis
trict via Dawson, who brings news of two
rich results of the clean-up on the Ameri
can side. Mr. Hanson says Jack Wade
Creek will prove richer than Bonanza ever
was. and the American diggings of Forty
mile will be one of the richest placer dis
tricts in the world. No. 7. on Jack Wade
Creek, has shown as high as $1500 for one
day's clean-up, and Captain French of
Eagle City took out $300 in an hour with a
penknife.
ARRANGEMENTS FOR
BURIAL OF MOODY
Funeral Will Be Held Tuesday After
noon, and the Interment at
. Round Top Cemetery.
EAST NORTH FIEI-D. Mass.. Dec. 24.—
The family of the late Dwlght I. Moody
remained indoors nearly th« entire day.
owing to the constant downpour of rain,
leaving the house only for a brief inter
val during the forenoon to attend services
at the Congregational church. Mrs.
Moody, who had been much affected by
the arrival of her sister and brother,
Fleming Resell and Mrs. William M. Hol
den. of Chicago, last evening;, was in her
usual health after a night's rest, " and
showed only slightly the struggle which
she has experienced during the past few
weeks.
The services at the Congregational
church this afternoon were conducted by
Rev. C. J. Sehofield, the pastor, assisted
by Rev. R. A. Torrey of Chicago, who
has been associated with .Mr. Moody at
the Bible Institute at Chicago. Mr. Tor
rev's talk was principally of the life of
the dead evangelist.
The funeral is to be held Tuesday after
noon at 2:3«« o'clock, and the details have
been completed. The body will be taken
to the church at 9 a. m. by the Mount
Herman students, and will lie in state
until 2:30 o'clock In the afternoon, when
the services will be held, after which it
will be taken to the last resting place on
Round Too. The only music during the
service, aside from singing by the regular
choir of the church, will be the singing Of
"Rock of Ages." one of Mr. Moody' s fa
vorite hymns, by the Mount Syman male
quartet. Honorary pallbearers have been
named as follows: Colonel J. J. Jane
way. New Brunswick, N. J.; R. C. Morse
of the Y. M. C. A. national committee.
New York: George C. Stebblns, Brooklyn;
Ira D. Baakey. Brooklyn; General J. J.
Estey. Brattleboro. Vt. : Colonel C A
Hopklnson. Boston; H. M. Moore. Boston;
Dr. N. T. Wood. Northfleld, and Professor
A. H. Cutler of Mount Herman Semi
nary.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21.— Dwlght L. . Moody
was remembered in the songs, the prayers
and the speeches of thousands at the Chi
cago-avenue Church and the Bible Insti
tute to-day. The favorite hymns of the
evangelist were sunir at all the meetings.
The Very Rev. W. R. Nell, assistant su
perintendent of the Bible Institute,
preached at the various gatherings,
touching upon the character and achieve
ments of Moody as prefaces to his regu
lar sermons, Tie advocated gladness and
resignation instead of grief.
GIFTS OF THE KAISER.
William of Germany Distributes
Money to the Poor.
BERLIN. I.c. 24— Emperor William
this morning left the palace, following
his custom for w vend years, hi? pockets
filled with rold and silver, and strolled
through the parks at Potsdam and tho
poorer quarters, distributing Christmas
gifts to the needy. This evening gifts
were distributed among the employes in
th« royal factories, those of the higher
rank receiving 100 marks each.
Count ToUsoi Recovered.
MOSCOW, Dec, H.— Count Lao T'.istoi
is now pronounced by his medical ad
- fully restored to his ordinary
health.
PEACEMAKER WORSTED.
A Tenderloin Visitor Has His Scalp
Cut Open.
James Green, a hanper-on about the ten
derloin resorts, was arrested early yester
day morning and charged at the Califor
nia-street station with assault with a
deadly weapon and vagrancy. Green,
while intoxicated, entered the Klondike
saloon, on Dupont street, above- Hush, and
brandishing a revolver declared that he
would make ■ Morgue subject of the bar
keeper. Harry McKcane, who resides In
Oakland, was in the saloon, and not wish
ing to be a witness to a murder, grappled
with Green and tried to wrest the pistol
from him. The old peacemaker story was
repeated, with the result that McKeane
had a few stitches put in his scalp and the
satisfaction of eeelnK two charges placed
against his opponent's name by Officers
Nelson and Snowball. •
WONDERS OF THE OCEAN BED.
Some Strange Tilings That Might Be
Seen at Great Depths.
The temperature of the bottom of the
ocean is nearly down to freezing point,
and sometimes actually below it. There
in a total absence of light as far as sun
light is concerned, and there is an enor
mous pressure, reckoned at about a ton
to the square Inch In every 1000 fathoms,
which Is 160 times greater than that of
the atmosphere we live In. At 250) fath
oms the pressure is thirty times more
powerful than the steam pressure of a
locomotive when drawing a train. As late
an 1SS!) a leading zoologist explained the
existence of deep-sea animals at such
depths by assuming that their bodies
were composed of solids and liquids of
great density and contained no air.
This, however, is not the case with
deep-sea rlßh. which are provided with
air-inflated swimming bladders. If one
of these llsh. m full chase after Its prey,
happens to ascend above a certain level
its bladder becomes distended with the
decreased pressure and carries it, in spite
of Its efforts, still higher in its course;
in fact, members of this unfortunate Ciass
are liable to become victims to the un
ui-'.a! accident of" falling upward, and no
doubt meet with a violent death soon
after leaving their accustomed level and
long before their bodies reach the sur
face in a distorted and unnatural state.
Even ground sharks, brought up from a
depth of no more than 500 fathoms, ex
pire before they gain the surface.—
teenth Century. r .>
GREAT CARD
OF EVENTS
AT OAKLAND
Two Handicaps on the Pro
gramme — Yellow Tail Will
Meet Some Fast Ones.
The California Jockey Club ha« ar
ranged a very attractive racing card for
the edification of the holiday throng at
Oakland this afternoon. The features of
the card are the Christmas handicap, over
one mile and a furlong, and the Milroy
handicap for sprinters. In the latter
ev*>nt the twQ-year-old Yellow Tall will
meet an all-affed bunch of filers.
The entries are as follows:
First race-Five and a half furlongs; all
ages; purse.
Ell Allenna 91 1' 603 Formero 116
612 Panamlnt 1W! 492 Flrellrht II 101
6C2 El Art* M 519 Strongoll 113
450 Tar Hill 104. 446 Olinthus 113
... Flower of Gold. 101
Second race— Six furlongs: two-year olds;
selling.
Ml Mont Eagle 103: ... L. B. M'WhlrterlOl
(50S)F. W. 8r0de....110 <*.02) May Gertrude. ..los
amboulla 101 611 Bogus Bill 114
60S Gundara 95 4SB Florida!] 103
... IW Bee 1"9 494 Sunelto 102
601 <;lls>sando M 404 Aborigine ..:... 105
... Favorito 103 1 501 Miss Madeline.. 102
<J7!> Expedient .... 93 1
Third race—One mile; three-year-olds and up;
purs*.
434 San Venado ....105! 103 The Fretter ....I'll
Kit Anchored 93 612 Montallade 107
f.15 Hohenlohe 105 1 437 Melkarth 102
613 Casdale 98 1
Fourth race— Mile and a half; three-year-old*
and up. selling.
499 Dr. Marks 93 Cl« Dr. Bernays 93
60« Defiance 75 499 Personne 97
(499) Dare II M 44!» Ledae 68
Fifth — One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and uu: Chrintman handlcaD.
(487)Napamax 1101 606 Rosormonde ....113
477 Lothian 97 618 Topmast UM
513 Imp. Mistral 11.104 • 446 Senora Caesar.. So
(49o)Osculatlon 95 1 MS Tappan 109
Sixth race— Futurity course: all aces; Mllroy
handicap.
<431) St. Cuthbert....lO3 603 Mldlove 108
603 via 9S <sQs)Yellow Tall 114
4*2 Aluminum U (6O3)Slster Alice 105
603 Frank Bell 109 50€ King Carnival. .lo7
467 Good Hope 80 1
Selections for To-Day. .
First race— Flower of Gold, Tar Hill. Pana
mlnt.
Second race— W. Brode. Bee. Bee. Bam
boulla.
Third race— Venado. Casdale. The Fret
ter.
Fourth race — Dr. Bernays, Dr. Marks. Dare
11.
Fifth race— Osculation. Tarpan. Napamax.
Sixth race— Frank Bell. Yellow Tail. King
Carnival.
Bobbed in the Tenderloin.
John Marx, a re. »!it arrival from Ever
t;r. ♦!). Santa «'lara County, complained to
the police early yesterday morning th-it
he had been robbed of $35 in a tenderloin
saloon. Officer! l»'UKlaa and Snowball
panied him to the dance hall In the
luiser t avenue, and on his
complaint arrested Eugene Everett and
ged him with the theft Marx as
serts that whiW' Bti Ddlng at th« bar Ever
.tt t<iok his pur.-.> from his pocket. Ever
ett denies the cl irge, but the oil
to.ik him to tho California-street station
and boukr-d him for pratid larceny.
Knights of Honor.
A l!st of visits to be made by th» mem
bers of lod| eh other '.s being ar
rant-d in the office of the grand report r.
Liberty Lodge will publicly install its
on the 16th of next January.
The officers of Yerba Bucna Lodge will
be Installed on th.> night of the 3d of Jan
uary. This ledge has, under the good of
the order, introduced a scries of Interest
ing debates on topi I of the hour. At the
last held ireetlng the bond Issue, the
Roberts case In Congress and ether rt.at
tt-rs were brought up. The discussions
were instructive and very Interesting.
The lodge was visited by the members of
Liberty Lodge and by Deputy Lamed.
The installation banquet of this lodge will
be on the -Monday following installation
and the wives and lady relatives of mem
bers will bo Invited.
Companions of the Forest.
Loyal Circle had a large attendance at
Its party given in the Bhlela building last
Monday night. It was one of those en
joyable social functions for which this
circle is noted.
Supreme grand chief companion, Mrs.
M. K. Falconer, has returned from a ten
days' visit north, during which she vis
ited Oro I in< « Circle at Jackson and Insti
tuted Amador Circle at Amador and Oi
ai a Circle at Sutter Creek, each with
thirty-five charter members. At each
place the visiting official was royally re
ceived and well entertained.
Bohemian Circle paid a visit, fraternal,
to Piedmont Circle in Oakland last Thurs
day night.
Three new circle? are In process of or
ganization in various parts of the State.
The National Union.
El Dorado Cooncil at Its last held meet
lnp. which ha« of late been "Hiding largely
to its memberahlp through the efforts of
sp'i-ial Deputy Blbero, addend *
■trangen to its roll by Initiation. The
next meeting of this oouacll will l>e held
in Its new (juarters In the Native Solid"
buildinK.
California Council has also added re
cently to Its roll of member*, receiving
tw<> nt tii^ meeting last Tuesday night
The ..fli.ors of this council for the n*'*t
term will be Installed on th«> night of the
1 of January.
Friends of the Forest.
Ljist Tuesday nipht a new i<>dere, Har-
mony No. 6, was lust it nte<l 'n thls» city
with thirty charter numberß. Suprt-mn
PnaMent Mrs. K.-tymnnd «n<l othor bu
prome ofllcen being tb« Instituting oftl
cirs. Then w« r.- present members of all
thr othor lodgop. Mrs. H. Mentz la the
president of the baY>y lodge and Ml>-s M
Klaus* the f-eerr-tnry.
Mizpah Lodce <>n lnst Thursday night
had ;i very enjoyable fancy dress party in
n Opera Hall and there was a good
attendance.
Women of Woodcraft.
It has already been announced that Red
wood Circle of the Women of Woodcraft
elected its officers for the ensuing term,
and as* very active members have been
chosen it is probable that the circle will,
during the approaching term, make an X 
cellent showing. It has now nearly one
hundred members and is classed as the
banner circle as to team work and the
manner of transacting business.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Reports from Marlon Lodge of Vallejo
show that it is doing well and .hat \u.h
the beginning of the new year it will do
much in the matter of adding to its mem
bership.
Commencing the new year the extension
committee will make a move in the line
of propagation.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The banner that was presented some
time since by High Chief Ranger Max
l; ..dm has been awarded to Court Port
liragg of Fort Kragg. Mendocino Count v
Court Bohemian will publicly install its
officers on the 9th of January.
Young Men's Institute.
Portola Council will give a social at
Tenth and Market streets next Thursday
nifht.
l'hll Sheridan Council announces an
evening at home In Mangel's Hall on the
night of the LMh lust.
The Chosen Friends.
Washington Council was visited last
Wednesday night by Past Grand Coun
cilor H'X'hm and he delivered an interest
ing talk on the condition of the or.i. r
il Council gave another of Its very
pleasant < ntertalnments and dances In Its
council-room in the Bhaata hall of the
Native Sons' building recently. As usual
an Interesting programme was presented
and it was greatly enjoyed by the many
who were present.
Life and Death.
Stump Orator— What is better than to
live and d!e for one"? country?
Pensioner— To live on her— Tit-rtita.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. December 24— 6 p. in.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Lest This Last
Stations— 24 hours, Beason. season.
Eureka 00 25.25 10.
Red Bluff 00 8.T5 3.54
Sacramento ...; 00 8.99 3-91
San Francisco 00 >.67 3.99
Fresno 00 4.41 1.92
Independence 00 1.66 0.61
; San Luis Oblspo 00 9.30 1.81
i Lob Angeles <•> 3.34 0.30 '
, San Diego 00 1.84 l.» :
I Yuma 00 0.58 1.13 I
San Francl3co data: Maximum temperature,
.'1; minimum, 41; mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is generally cloudy and fostgy
from Central California northward and west
of the Rocky Mountains. Dense fog prevails
over the Sacramento Valley. Light rain Is re
] ported from the Washington coast and from
North Dakota,
The pressure has fallen slowly over the Pa
cific Slope and upper Missouri Valley. Af»
area of low pressure is central la the British
possessions north of Montana.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary In nil districts. It is abnormally high
In Southern California and Southern Arizona,
where maximum temperatures of 75 and 80
degrees are reported.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather over
the southern portion of the Pacific Slope Mon
day. The temperature will rise In Northern
Callfoii.la.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight. December 25. 1599:
Northern California— Fair Monday; warmer;
light variable winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
wanner; licht variable wind.
G. H. WILLPON.
Local Forecast Official.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
'United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city front i Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 24.
Sun rises 7:23
Sun sets *'■•"
Moon rises 0:20 a. m.
I
O Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft.
• H W ILW HW LW
25 ... 6:20 6.2 12:11 1.7 6:09 I.SI 11:0? J.:
S« ... 6:05 5.3 1:01 1.2 7:34 3.3 11:51 M
27 ... 6:41 6.5 1:51 0.1 6:50 3.6
L W JI W L W II W
28... 0:43 2.9 7:20 5.7 2:40 0.1 9:5« 3.'
29... 1:36 3.0 .8:01 6.9 3:25—0.4 10:44 4.
30 ... 2:31 3.1 i:« 6.1 4:10—0.8 11:30 4.:
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the nuccesslve tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
i second Urn" column gives the second tide of
' the day the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
, three tides, as Knmetlmes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
: United States Coast Survey charts, except
1 when a minus sign (—) precedes the height,
' and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given tv the chart*. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
to ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Steamer.
I
From.
_^^__— .— — — i .
Alliance lOregon Ports Pec. 2S
Aloha Crescent City Dec. 25
Cre*ce.u Clty...|Crescent City Dec. M
A. Blanchard...jCoos Bay Dec. 25
Columbia Portland Dec. 2«
Corrna !Pan Dleco Dec. 2«
Tellus I'.'l'Hrturo Bay Doc. 21
Arcata |Cnos Bay Dec. 2 1 "-
Kobt. Adamson. JNanalmo Dec. 26
Miami iPeattle Dec. 2<S
JUmlta .. Newport Dec. 2%
Albion Ttllamcok Dec. 2S
Queen Victoria & Pug;et Sound Dec. 2$
Point Arena Point Arena ~ Dec. 2?
Chas. Welson... Humboldt Dec. 28
AlKoa China and Japan Dec. 23
Orizaba Humbol<lt Dec. 29
Garlic China and Japan Dec. 29
Samoa Humboldt Dec 29
Curacao Mexico Dec. 29
Propreso Tncoma Dec. 29
WelllnKton Departure Bay Dec. 7)
Empire Co - Hay I'*-. 29
Santa Kosa San Dle«o Dec. 30
Aberdeen Portland Dec. 30
Acapulco Panama Dec. 30
State of Cal Portland Dec. 31
Homer iPortland Dec. 31
Newburg JGrays Harbor ; Jan. 1
TO SAIL.
Steamer. 1 Destination. I Sails. PJer.
Coos Bay... Newport Dec. 26. 9 am PJer 11
Orizaba ...% Humboldt Deo. 2«. 2 Pier 9
A Blanch* d Coob Bay We. 26. 5 pa Pier II
Aloha Crescent City. Dec. 16. 5 pm Pier 2
Umatllla ..Vic & l'fft Bd. Dec. 17. 10 am Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt Dec. 27. 9 am Pier 2
Arrata Coos Hay Dec. 27. 4 pm Pier 13
Marlposa .. Sydney Dec. 27. 8 pm Pier 1
Corona ....[Ban Diego Dec. 2R. 11 amiPler II
Peru Panama Dec. 23, 10 am IMS-'
Columbia ..Portland Dec. 29. 10 am Pier 24
AlKoa ChinaiJapan 1 pm PM3S
Albion Tlllamook Dec. 80. 8 pm Pier 2
It nlta Newport Dec. 80. 9 am Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. SO. 2 pm|Pler 2
Queen ... Vic & Pet Bd. Jan. 1. Man I 9
Shipping Intelligence.
*— . ♦
ARRIVED.
Saturday, December 23.
Stmr Orizaba. Shea. 109 hours from Van
cou\ »*r
Sunday. December 24.
Ptmr Valencia. Lane. 42 <lays from Manila,
via Nagasaki 24 day* 6 hours.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. 44 hours from New-
Btmr North Fork. Banh. 2fi hours fm Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. 32 hours from Moss
Btmr Com Bay, Glelow. 78 hours from New
port and way ports. .....
Stnr Greenwood. Facerlund. 15 hours from
Stmr Fulton. Levlnson, 38 hours from Re-
Btmr Washtenaw. GUboy. 91 hours from Ta-
Shlp Occidental. Bennett, 17 days from Ta
coma via Clallam Bay. . _ _ .
Haw bark. Mauna Hal. Smith. 20 days from
Hkt'n Tropic Bird. Jackson. 39 days from Ta-
HrlK Consuelo, Pn«e, 18 days from Mahukona.
>Vhr Ida Sehnauer, ■ Sorenson. 14 days from
Port Gamble.
Sunday, December 24.
Stmr State of California. Gajre. Astoria.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Stmr San Pedro. 7Jkiddart. Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Del None.. Allen. *
Ger stmr Tanis. Schulu, Hamburg and way
Nor Btmr TUanla. E^enes. Nanaimo.
Hr stmr Westminster. Petrle. Manila via
Honolulu.
Hark Harvester. Krebs. Port Blaknley.
nrlK Courtney Ford. Ltndholm. Hllo
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola. Grays Harbor.
Schr Charles X Falk. Brown. Honolulu.
S. !:r Alice Klmhall. Anderson. Honolulu.
Schr Pioneer, Mlkkelson. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Manila. Peterson. Port Gamble.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oec 24. 10 d m— Weather
clear: wind Nil; velocity 14 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bktn Tropic Bird— Left In port at Papeete
— U S stmr Albatross; Fr Hmr Aube. Sailed
Nov 11— Yacht Rover, for Morea.
Per stmr Valencia-Heavy weather through
out the trip. Were obliged to put back for
shelter three times. From Nagasaki we had
head winds and seas with one southeast rale
during the trip.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE, DM 24— The schr American Olrl
was seen on Nov IS and 19 three miles north of
Clayquet Sound under Jib and mainsail.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAOO— Arrived Deo 24— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Dec --
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 24-Stmr Alcatraz;
stmr Ruth, from Fort Brace.
Sailed l tee 24— Schr A A Campbell, for Ta
coma; sttnr Alcazar, tot San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Dec 24— Haw
stmr San Mateo, for Nanaimo.
PORT Ti>\VNSF.M> -Arrived Dec 24— Stmr
Farall >n. from Skaguay.
FORT BRAGG-Salled Dec 24— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Tacoma. for
Hongkong: Hr ship Waterloo, for Liverpool.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Dec 24— Br Btmr Car
marthenshire, for Hongkong.
REDONDO— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Brunswick,
hence Dec 22.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Deo 24— Stmr Dispatch, for
San Francisco.
.EiJlLCKA— Bailed D«o 24— Schr Lottie Carson.
for Fan Dtes-o: schr II C Wright, for Hllo;
Etmra Luella and Lamina, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Farallon.
from Skacuay.
Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Dlrl*o, for Bkacuay.
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed Dec 24— Simr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Cottage
City, from Skacuay.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DELAGOA HAY— Arrived Dec Haw ship
John Ena. from Port Blakeley.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec Stmr Maaa
dam. from Roterdam.--
PORTLAND— Dec 24— Stmr Lauren
tia. from Liverpool.
Palled Dec 24— Stmr Dominion, for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed D-c 24— Stmr Taurlc.
from Liverpool for New York.
MoVlLLK— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Numldlan,
from Portland for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dae 24— Etmr Alsa.Ua.
from Genoa, etc: Ktmr Montcalm. frm London.
ttOMFyUORDZSKCa
MmSmBANK, OFFICE
ws^m church
£mmm furniture
hs&stt£kS23-S4QM!SSffIST,
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
W. Steamers leave Broadway
sj**^^ wharf, San Francisco:
K'^^CTk— f" or AJaakan ik rt», 10 a. m..
fc'*i'^^s?'l^ Dec. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1, chunK*
s^avlßdwKv to coini.an>-"s steamers at
sMWw Seattle.
K&irV-^*^^! Kor Victoria, Vancouver
»^^S~3«r?a < B - ->- Port Townsend. Be-
*Cii^ attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
— cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 10 a. in.. Dec. 17.
22 27 Jan. 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
charge at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. R'y.; at Tacoma to N. P.
R-y.; at Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Dec. 15,
20 26. 80 Jan. 4. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford <San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro
Ea«t San Pedro (Lou Angeles) and Newport. •
a m Dec. 14. 18. 22. 26. 30. Jan. 8. and every
1 fourth day thereafter.
' For San Diego, s^pplna: only at Port Har-
ford <Han Luis Obi*po). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Dec 1«. M, 24. 28. Jan. 1. and every fourth
day thereafter. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
For Enbf-na.la. Mardalena Bay. Ran Jo«e del
0b... Mazatlan. Altata. LaPax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For 'further Information obtain company's
The' company reserve* the right to change
without previoun notice steamers, aalllnc dates
unii hours of nxlllnr.
II CKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spenr-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Clan* Including Bert*
I A ill. 68 Second Ciasa and Meals.
State Of California.. ..Sails Dec. 4, 14. 24. Jan. 1
Columbia Sails Dec. 9. 19. 23. Jan. i
Short Line to Walla Walls, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and to all points In th» Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Arent.
«30 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
rTIW YOKE, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOJI. PAHI\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Dec. 27|Pt. Paul Jan. 17
New York. Jan. 2 New York Jan. 24
St. Louis Jan. 10 ; St. Louis Jan. 21
RED STAR LINE.
New York an 1 Antworo.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Pouthwark Dec 20|Noordland Jan. 10
Westernland ...Dec. 27 Aragonla Jan 17
Kensington Jan. llFriesland Jan. 24
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
- ncr of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
t connecting at Hcngkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of calling.
AMERICA MART* Thursday. Dee. 21
HONGKONG MARTJ Tuesday. Jan. II
NIPPON MARU Friday. Fab. 9
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
f2fftiMAAflfl 8. 8. Marlposa sail*
'jM&^SlrliL via Honolulu and
•t*" I ** Auckland for Sydney
|g - —^ Wednesday. Dec 27.
(3,/ I' A «t J p. m.
i^/imMlinc) The 8." 8. AtJ»tralU
G)lCfllllJlll r ' tana fcp Honolulu
fSfllßdfm- Wednesday. Jan. 10.
FaTorlte Lin* Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues!
England, etc. : inn first cla*s.
.. 0. SPXcCkELS •■« artGS.CO.. Arjts.. '14 Montgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight 0rf1ce. 327 Market St
— — — — .— — — — —— — ——
COKPAONIE OENCRALE TRANSATLANTICS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^
calling every Thursday Instead of 4<zfty?>
Saturday, from November 2, 13W, at"^** r
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 28; LA
NORMANDIE. Jan. 4; LA CHAMPAGNE.
Jan. 11; LA AQUITAINE. Jart. 18. First class
to Havre. $60 and upward: S per cent reduction
on round trip. ' Second cla.«s to Havre. $45; 5
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED' STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 22 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
HON.. Tue»., Wed.. Tr.urs. and Sat. at 9:41
a m., 1:15. s:3O p. m. (ex. Thura. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m . i
p. m. Landing and office. Mi*»lon-atre*t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS .
FARE Soo
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
ft W '^Vj\ v VilaHaßla^aM. •! \ | l|h
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S a nta Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail* 1
rood, with th* highest class accommodatlona.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
1:00 p. m. z
MOVDAr. WEDNESDAY. FBI DAT. BATOSDAT,
Arriving In Chicago at 2:15 p. m
nUDAT. BC.HD T. TCE3OAT. WIDIfSBDAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave C*kland Mole
for Denver, Kansas City, Chicago and the Cast
1:30 p. m. ; >>.f-v.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Fresno. Hanford, Vtsaila.
Tulare and Bakarsneld. furnish es good local
train service. - ' ,-
San Francisco office. C2I Market st., Ulephoa*
Main IS3I.
Oakland office. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento office, 201 J street
Ban Jcs* office. 7 West Santa Clara atrasV
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Hauaallto Ferry.
Waek Dsjrs— •:*> a, m. and 1 45 p m.
Sundays.. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains.
Far*.. Ban Francisco to Summit and Return,
Heft.
' AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
HORSES. .
By order of WM. ARMSTRONG of lessen Co.
«■> head of Well-Broke Horses, I an I *> year*
old. Just arrived, and can be seen at the Stable*
now. and If desired will be shown to harness.
This Is the best lot that has been offered at
Auction this year. Horsea suitable for all pur-
poses. Also four or five elegant Roadsters an.l
two fine saddle horses, in fact, any kind of a
horse you want.
SALE WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER n.
At 11 a. m . at '
NELBON"3 SALE STABLES.
Cor. St. Charles St. an.l Eagle Aye.. Alam'da.
J. A. MINI & CO.. Auctioneers.
AT AUCTION!
£* Ea ft«
TO-MORROW. TUESDAY. Pec. t*. nts.
AT ORMONDE ■TABLE, 1517 MISSION ST.
Without doubt we have W head of Largest.
Choicest and Best BROKE HORSES ever of-
fered at public sale In this city.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
««»cTnr.itN IFir coarA.iT.
Ipai iri' 1 trrrcx.)
TrmlßM leate ami nir tine te> arrlre at
NAN riUHVIMO,
(Main Line. 100- of Market Street)
LEAVE — FllOtf DCCTXBEn 13, 1339. — >RRITI
•7:00* BenlcU. Sulsim, Elnlra. VacaTda,
Rmcsey and Hacrtcrnto . •7:43*
•7«0l»* M»i.it» Exprcts— DiTla. WUlows.
l^il Elu3. IVrUacd •7:«3r
•7i304 Martinei. ."ton ßamon, Vallejo. Napa,
• •ai!«!, K.ici-il.sjiitr. lioaa *oii:»r
•■i3»a ThoOTerlandLln i'.tnl— OgOen. Den-
ver, Omaha Cl.ic«;> *3il3r
•».«•* Han Joae. Llfcrxure, Htocktnn.
I -1.-, Sacramento. riacrnllle.
Marjitlllc. fhleo. ita.l Ulull Mil.ir
•■is** •Milton. OakAale aad Honora.^.... 'liiar
•1>:OOa HajTranla. NOcSind Way Ktationa. *l 1:15*
••:00a Datls. Woodlard. Knlghu Lan4tac.
JUrysTilie, orotlile. ' *7il3r
•f»;OO% Atla&tio riprcu~-<>»-den an.l Fast *U>l3a
' •O:OOa JUr'.luci, Tracy. l.aUi»op, Stoclu.m.
M-ic -il &:.<1 t'reroo •l2:l.'Sr
I •DiOOa p t( oat* lr ■ r-..> .Mujato and l.ua
Allßllra "Oilir
•IO:OOa Vcs>:jn. Jlartln« and Way ktiona *B:l.1r
■1I:OU.\ Haywarda. Nlrsau.l Way SUt'ona. »aj|3r
•IS:a«M Mtermorp. Htoekton, Hccra-
mrato, MentloU, U^ifcrO, Vi alia.
PcrtfMlUo •lil.ip
tl:4)«r Rarraiiii'iito Klter Ste*in«ia t"»"«ior
•3>OOr Ilayt- .,|,. Miles an<l Way Mail .na. •»: 1,1 r
•l:Otor tirrtiti^/. Ban lUmou. Vallejo;
Napa, i'j!mi,i;», .Santa Itoaa •1».|.1a
•l:our JUriilcU. Vacaii Haciau.«nto,
WootllanO. Xi i.!.t» LauUlug.
MarjHTUlr, nil.. . *ln:n«
•linorNi!es,Ha:i.lr-oanilS:r,ckton *7>l3p
•3:4)4>rTh" Owl Llicited-TrsrT. Freroo,
Ralenfleld. Haiiffna f r hasU liar.
ban. I/~s Amelrs. 'lo : |,i,
aa:««- IJcltfd— Kl mo. >'ew Of-
leanaan.l East <10i43a
•.1i»0p Stockton. Mfrer.l. I'rasn 'in.
•3i3ar ITimiio. llakrnllel-1. Nanu RarUra,
Lm At :■!. Itemitit:. r| l'uo.
New Orleaua an-l Eaat .... •• ■ «i «
•3:!4>r Hauta In ltotite— Atiunllo Eipttaa
for Mojaio an<l lUxt •>• 11 -
. •OiOOr najirardu, Nileaaii.l .S»n Joae •7il'»»
♦ 8::i0r V [le] 1 . . •lasisr
•Oi3o r Oriental M»JI-Oe J len an d Ka-t •JunOp
17iOOr Vallcjo, l>uit I'caU and Way Bu-
ttons. .. :*>.llr
•»iO3r Orrjo i and California i:n.rrm.M»c-
rniiiento. *.larji-i;..-, i:.-i.lii.«.
1'..»tUi..1. ri >t Horn,.! a.. ) 1 >■-. •■iI.Ia
CO4ST DITISIOS '>arroir (.aaie>.
(Foot f 1 Mnrkct Street.)
*»il Keiiirk.C. iil«t7iilp,. 1 -inJmic. I'clu.n,
Itou!derCr>.ek,MAUtaCn:zaud Way
HU'.|..m *3i3or
I. lr Ncwaik. C'ctitcTi:ile, ftanJose, New
Alxnituen, Frlton. i:ni!il«r Creek,
HauU Cm and I'tlodpal Way
Htatioo* . ... lOi.itt
•l:l.1r Newark. Han .!<•«.. Loa<;»tA.. •»!«••
I bllilSr Ilnntcrs* Kxcunicn. San J6ae and
I W.it statin- ... t7iaor
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
rnssts rsmcisco— r<oi •' brktl Sirttt i :..>.■<>—
•7:15 000 11 004 m. |I:J3 «2:C3 t: ::
•1 N t 5:03 'l.ttr.*.
rrivOHUlS— fMlarEre«da»T.— •« 00 8:00 10:00*. H.
11: :a •! :: tIC 3 «3::3 {I:C3 'ICCr^t.
COAST DITINIO2I Dras4«tea« .
(Thirl and Towa— l Sf.)
16:IO\<Ve-nui View. H«ii:U Han Kraticiro.. •>,:.'■
•7l4>4)Ahai. Jino and Way M/i n« \rw
Almail .1 \V« .1. fOjjji ;.!j) •!.••••
1 •DiOOa s»i. Jnac. Ties Pinr>a. Haste «'ni.
' raeiilo «iroi«. I'aao Rohtaa, San
I.iils Olilapo. Snif, Loicpoc and
Prlnelpnl Way Hl.»ti,,i,a ... *li}Or
•lOi4o* Nan Joanaii'l Way Htatlnua •a:3.l*
1 •lls3O* San JIIMJ I1M i,,,| Way Ntatioua *.v:>«ir
43i43rSan Mi»t-i», l:.ii«, n.l. Menlo lirk.
Palo Alto, fianta Clara. Man Jnaa,
Tres Finos. Hanta t'mi. SaiioAS,
Monterey ami I'aeifle Crova •!•:!•«
4a:l»r Han .Io«c and Way Htattons *7j3op
; I:l3r Han Joaeaml Ptinctpal Way htatlnua "J- 1-1\
Js:OOre».i.l Prindpsl Wo7SUtloca 40:<»<>a
•3:30r San.lixe and I'riccipal Way Statluus " "•.'■'•■l a
•0::iOr- .~-.:. Jnae aud Way Sr»tlmia |S:O«a
HI:!'. San Jf-ar.an.l Way i»tatl.>ra *7>3Or
A for Men l'fcr Afternoon.
•Daily. • .Snnday exrapted. I buuday ooly.
I Saturday rn!y.
a) Tutadava and Fridays c Thursdays and Bandars.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN if. CO.
LESSSa
SAU FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
___BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:IO. 1:00. 11 :0» a, m. ; 13 M.
• SO. 5:10. 1:30 p. m. Tbursdaya— Extra tna
at 11: JO p. m. Saturdajra— trip* at : A
and 11:10 p. m.
6yNDATS-8:M. la, U:«t a. m.: 1«. la.
* 00. «:20 p. m.
. SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:I«. 7:M. 1 20. 11:10 a. m.: 11 4ft.
1:40. 1:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and t:2S p. m.
6UNDATB— «:IO. » 40. 11:10 a, m.. 1:40. 1:43. ia,
t:2S D. m
Between San Franriseo and Scsuatxen Para
I sama schedule as above.
Leave ArrtT*
Ban Francisco. In Tffert San rranclseo.
-— October 11. — —
Week Pun- 1W» Sun- Wee«
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:10 am 1:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 1:41 am
1:10 pm •30 am Petaluma. 4OS pm 10: IS am
1:10 pm 00 pm Eanta Rosa. 7li pm a. 23 tia
Fulton.
1:13 aa Windsor. 10:2* aas
HeaMaburc.
Lytton,
Oey.nrllle.
1 1:10 pm 8:00 am CloverdaU. 7:13 pa «:I5 pra
1 am Hoplani and
100 am CkUa. 7:ls prn «:2> pm
7 JO am 10* am
g:o9am Ooeraeville. 7:18 pa
• :10 pm I •:»pm
7.M am 8:90 am Sonoma 10:40 am l:4tam
and
1:19 pm 1:00 pm GUn Ellen. fi» ptn 4:21 pm
1-10 am 100 am 3cbast >pot 10:40 am 10:23 am
8:S0 pm E:0O pm 7 IB pml « 23 pra
Etaires connect at Harta Rnsa for Mark West
: Sprint;* and Whit* Sulphur Hprtncs: at Lyttori
for 'ton Springs: at Oeyserville for Skaxcs
FrrlnKi: at Clrverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Ulrhland ?rtri«».
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, B^da Bay. Lak«<
port and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for VI hr
Bptinca. Saratoxa 'l-i««. Hi- Lakes. Uirn
Dell Lake. Witter Bprinca. L'pp*r Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Rlveratd*. Llerley'*
Huckn»H'a. Banhedrln Helchta. Hullvtlle. Orri
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort 8.-»<«•B .-»<«•
W(«tport. Usal. Willitt*. Laytonvill*. Cuia<
rr.inic a. Pell's Spring*. Harris. OUan's. Dy*r.
Ecctla an.l Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flf en. no Market St.. ChnmlcU bid*.
H. C. WHITING R. X HTa.N
Genera! Manager. Oca. Pas*. Agent.
808 fH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VU laaasllta Perry.
Comn.'' . October 1. ma,
TROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
i AND BAN RAFAEU «**— «
, WEEK DATS— IM. •»:*). U:W) a. m.: n-ii
•1:40. &:15 6MI «:IO p. in. T?
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday*.
at » 00 and U V p. m. *7
BUNDATB— »J:CO. "10:00. «U:JO a. m. • «1 la.
*:15. »4:4 J. <M. »:00 p. m. ' ,\ ■T*
Trains marked (*) run to Ran Quentin.
••Roil BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK r'AYr-' 5:5. H.U. 7:43. «t:4Vi a. m. '•
1 "11:10, 1:15. *3:40 «5 15 p. m.
EXTRA TKII'H on Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at 1:40 and 10:15 p. m.
■UNDATB % M •!:«>. '10.00. m.4i a. m.:
[ •1:40. # 1:U. 4:4», t 30 p. m.
Trains marked <*) Mart from San Quentin.
I FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:41. <:4S. 7:15. >46 a m.:
U:V. 2:24. 41. 520 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at 7 CO and 10 20 p. m.
PLNDATS— s:«6, 10:01 a. m. . 12:03. 2:11, »:«a
1:00. 4.44 p. m
TIIROUSH TRAINS.
tOO a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tc males and -ay stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— TomaUs and way station*.
f^± Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/ *HP>i& \ *»-'"' KE A as r * T ' E'Ubllahed
Ci i l*"> Cis ln ' H; * • tnT ' h< * trentm»-nt of ft\ vato
aDr.(iiblM»n's Di>p«'n.sary,
♦ »J."» v i»BU»T. K.Ubllahed
I*>M f..r the- trmttnicnt <>f I'nvate
Ptasssfa, lAmt Mai. 1. ;yor
4jpsi?>. £j% »llt«'ac«""Jeartn2 on b.Mranil mind and
O'JSVfcSi'*! skln ..•em.-*. ll..''l(«i:u.rciirsswh^.i
.full. Try him. C'harfas low
r^ffl »4Jrt9foJ\ iiaranlfr4. Call orwrite.
t I>r. J. r. 4.1HH0.V Boa IV.->7,.-au *jaoUava
910
CARRIES MARKS
OF CRUEL BLOWS
TO HER GRAVE
Mary Dunley Expires
After a Debauch.
IT MAY BE A MURDER
CVTS ON HER HEAD PROBABLY
DUE TO VIOLENCE.
Police Working on the Case — They
Are Kr^pinp- the Husband Un
d?r a Close Watch ..•
a Suspect.
■
:> was re-
The woir.an was known as the wife of
Jake Dunley. a luborer who has been cm
jloyed by a contractor on some work on
Point I>obos avenue. Hoth were looked
upon as heavy drinkers. They lived a
miserable I'fe. the husband's wages, when
lie was <m;«loyod. K«lrg mostly for liquor.
When the Morgue pfflriail arrived at th*
house* they were met by the landlady,
who Informed them that there was I sus
picion of murder, as the husband of the
dead woman hud boa ten her and bad
threatened to kill her. Early last night
the husband waa B<-en K"l:.^ from the
house carrying a. hatchet in his hand.
«nrt when he was asked for an explana
tion he *ald he would h»lu the landlady
responsible for anything that napr>en<?d to
his wife while he was ;iwuy.
The cou;>le hud occupied rooms In the
house for f^me time, and, according to
the neighbor*, tht-y were constantly quar
reling, on Saturday night the husband
udmlnlstered a hard brat Ing to the
*nm:tn, but the !oiljrer* paid but little at
tention to it. as such happenings were of
k'.-.r.i >x dnliy orcurrence.
At the Morgue the body showed that the
woman had !i«eloct<*d herself for dissipa
tion. The Wt ey« was swollen and black
and-bluf. wh!l.> a alight cut ovrr the eye
was visible, nio police wi-ro notified, and
onirerp McCormaik and rr<\: were de
tailed on the case. They claim that, while
the frcou<-nt t«Htinp!« administered no
doubt hastened the unfortunate woman's
<lf>ath. they believe the autoppy will show
that aJcohr>l!*m was th<« direct cause. If
the developments show otherwise Jt will
be eaj>y to apprehend Dunley. an the police
have him located and can produce him on
t hort notice.
ENGAGEMENT IN
JEWISH SOCIETY
Arthur Bachman and Miss Amy
Ehrman Announce Their
Betrothal.
TV Bachman
to Miss Amy Ml 111 an
nounced yesterday afternoon. Both
th«» young lady and Mr. hman
r.re very prominent In Jewish so
ciety circle* and their ••njjapement is the
ni'^t noteworthy of the present season.
Miss Ehrman Is the daughtt r of M. Sto
rran. an «>1»1 resident of Ui.s ctly ami the
Frnlor rocmlMT -if the tlrm of M Ehrman
it 004 "ne> of th«* largest wholesale sro
ory hou»i-s In San Francisco. She is
a ptrikhiß Ikvjlmj- of the deml-blonde type,
&r.d <>n<> of the most favorrd young women
Jn *oct«>ty.
Mr. Bachman J* ratod ns n vounjr husl
n«*s tr.an of extraordinary ahillty. He Is
the r-nn of P. Bachm.-in. the pioneer ci^ar
merchant of Ban Francisco, and ii a mom.
\-r "f th«* firm which rw-arx his father's
namf. Not only in the world of com
nifrri' is Mr. Bachman junior popular and |
« •■•.'■•cm' d; socially ho holds a position In
the ujij>ormn>t stratum. H<» is a member
of the prnmlm nt local clubs and vas one
of the founders of ihc Phi Gamma Dflta |
fraternity at th<» l*nlv««n«lty of Oallfornii, ,
cf which colics* h«' is a graduate.
Many « ntrna!nm«'nts, theater parties
end dinners ;ire t>«-lni; arratiKed in honor
of the encaged coupl«*.
BEATEN AND ROBBED.
Edward B. Ferguson Assaulted by ,
Two Footpads While in a Saloon.
A datinp; robbery was committed yes
terday nfurooon In John Delahanty's sa
lonn. HaywonJ and Harrison Btreets. t>y
.two rn*-n. Vhe police h:iv< a pood descrip
tion of thrrn and they are making every
rffort to arrest them.
Edward B. Ferguson of 401 Maripo^a
Ftr«-*-t. "vhile in the saloon went to the
rear. He was followed by two men who
ltnorke.l nlm down and kicked him. Be
fore he had time to rail for help they had
irnne through his pockets and stolen 57J..7),
all the mo:n'y he l».id, and made their es
cape.
Fergt:«nn mafl* his way to the Southern
pnlire station after he had some bruiies
attended to at the Ilecelvlng Hosp*fit.
arid reported the ... Captain Spll
lane. lie »;ald he could easllv recognize
the two men.
Snyn an oM bachelor: "A wife Ik an
attachment that makes a man hustle."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HUMOR GERMS
EXPELLED BY
Guficura Resolvent
, Greatest of Blood Purifiers
and Humor Cures.
That It to ray, It pc rifles the blood and circa-
Uilaf fluids (Hi Qen«»,aDd tbua remove*
the ceusr, while warm batbs with Ccticcr*
Ho* r, and pent le anointing* with Cmcciu (clnt-
Dest), zrcataM of cmoUlcat akin cures, clean**
tbe stla and aca!p cf crusts and scales, allay
ttctriag, burnl and iDflamDatlon, aod soothe
asd be&l. Thus are »;«f '.:,y, prrmasestly, and
economically cured tLc me«t torturlsir, diil'.rar-
Injr, and humlhaC.n( humor* rf the scalp,
and blond, with !c*s of hair, when tbe but paj>
cida&t and all olber remedies fall.
TETTER ON HANDS CURED
I bad b«<*n troubled with tetter for several
year*. At times my bauds would be sore all over,
•o thst I could nut u*e them at a!!, and were so
tender that clear water, even, tr&artcd like fire,
asd It spread orcr annt, Berk, a-i<l face. I had
been treated by physicians, but withoct I i ocflt.
wben I bepan the Cctk tn* ■••■•■* 1 found
TtUtJ b'fore 1 had tzlrn thtjlrrt bctlf. I used
three or focr bottles of CfTicta* Übsoltest.
ore cake cf C; m t t.a Boat, and one boi of
CrnccnA (clatiaenV), and ■....■ -hi Lied
taeslaee. ELLA CtffiZOX,
M*r. b 10, 1899. Kii?ltntham, liL
BLOOD POISON CURED
One of roy children ran a ruMv mil Into h!s
foot, which Van m<>«t painful. Ills blood got
out of order, and sores broke out on his hands
cad feet I B»ve h|!fl one bottle •' CiTict ma
ICebolvext asd used one cake of Ccticura
n air t tjd tbe child recovered.
JimiilVS* »»■ J- S- X .KX.Markbam.na.
EVERLASTING ITCHING
I hare been troubled with an everlasting Itching
tnd burning of the skin on my face. I waa pre-
cailcd upon to try Ccticcra remedies. The re-
STwaVi.Jiiil.lv wonderful. In one ,r,ek after
« n7EeCcTicrRA 6oa»- and Ccticcra Utsoi,
SAVE YOUR SKIN s =^2A^
"PEACE ON EARTH
GOD WILL TOWARD MEN"
TIIBUTE TO THE MEMORY
OF EVANGELIST MOODY
R«>v E. A. Wood*, pastor of the First
Baptist Church, paid a tribute to the
memory of the late Dwight i. Moody, the
famous evangelist^ in a prelude to his
Christmas day sermon on "The World's
Greatest Holiday.'' In part he Bald:
A great man has fallen — not a great
scholar or thinker; not a great writer or
theologian — but Rill a great man. Mr.
Mro: wu* KT»at In !ili> Influence over men;
grrnt In the work he accomplished; great In
that ;n»*r which lives and shapes other
ll\e« uhlch come after. He has made his
mark u;>on the nineteenth century as but
few men have don*. His Influence In all di
rections ha* •« i. healthy, pure and always
on the right fide. The effeit of hi» preach
ing upon preachers has been Inspiring and
helpful. There were those who criticized
him. but wh»n his critics heard his glowing
words, M full of the divine love, they could
but acknowledge his sincerity and also hla
power. There are MM lesson* which the
♦ Tiristlan churches should learn from the
life work of Mr. Moody.
11- has howi what a layman without
great learning can do to advance Christian
ity. Mr. Moody had great administrative.
ability. He mlzht hnve become a C P.
llunttngton or a John Wanamaker In the
business world. He cho?e to use his ability
in doing O«d"i work directly. In work for
young men. In founding schools where those
without money could secure an education
*n.l In training workern for Christian service
he nits in-.-. nij.li^he'l much.
He has Tnnn»" the fact piAin that the gospel
of I'hrlst, preached simply and earnestly,
will command a hearing and will transform
the Jives of those who accept It. • He did
not defend Christianity; he preached It. He
did not prop, up the cross of Christ, lest It
should fall; he jointed men to It and him
who died upon It. With absolute faith In
the teachings of the Bible. it was his mis
sion to present a living Savior to dying men.
He lielleved that In preaching there should
be less art and more heart. Mr. Moody was
a rnk.n of tender heart and of great faith In
<sod. and these gave him great power with
men.
till of God. well done.
Hest from thy loved employ;
The battle foueht. the victory won,
Enter thy Master's joy. ■
FAVORS THE BUILDING OF
SCHOOLHOUSES AND SEWERS
n*\ E. A. Dufirpan of the Stewart Mem
orial Church dl.Rcussed the bond election
last nlpht. In part he Hid:
It Is proposed to the voters of this city to
decide whether they wish to Incur debt for
the purple of building a new city and
county hospital, new i*-h<io l houses, and a
new Fewer system. I They are «»ke.] if t «»y
sr<- willing to bon<l th city ti th * "lent
of »4 ■ .«» -' for the purpose of !'U>l:ig ter-1
tory and fixing up park*
I am not in a position to know our exact
need of a hoapital, but it Ip certain we can
hardly overdo the matter of caring for the
poor sick. As the kingdom of «.k1 advances
we should .more and more look after »uffe-
ln^ humanity. It Is quite evident that vie
need more and better school houses. The
fchools ere now too crowded, and we
should see that the young are given every
chance for the. Improvement of the mini—
that heaven of bllM or i>erdltlon of -\,e
that Is la be the Individual's through ete-
nlty. I am in favor of better and more fa
cilities for education. As to our sewer sys
tem. It certainly is In a very poor condition,
and t.ln<-e health depends upon this, let us
have better sewers.
And now as to th» park Issue. I am not
fo sure that we need an extension of the
panhandle. There la at present consldera-
Me room for enjoyment In Golden Gate
I'ark. And yet while there Is there perhaps
a!l the facility for enjoyment we need, it
certainly would add to our city's attrac
tions to have more parks. In fart we can
hardly offer the public too much In the way
of parks and public Improvements of this
kind. If we are ' to keep apace with the.
irreat cities we must keep building parks,
and If there Is any part of the city which
• uifht to have a park It certainly Is the
Mission. I am In favor of the proposition.
DR. COOMBE LAMENTS THAT
THE WORLD IS NOT AT PEACE
R»»v. Philip roomie, pastor, of the. Rich
mond Congregational Church, delivered
an Interesting Frrmon-last nluht on Luko
11:14-1*.. "Where Is our hope for this peace
which the angelic host prophesied on the
firnt Christmas morning? 1 ' In part he
Bald:
This Ir the ijnestlon which comes to us
with great force at this time, when the war
spirit Is ao prevalent everywhere, when the
riolae of war is In our ears and rumors of
v.an. are heard from all directions. Last
year at this time we expected great thln«s
from the World's Peace Congress, but that
I a.« been held since then.
The world seema to be farther from the
"CUMBERLAND '61"
AT THE CALIFORNIA
More melodrama!. "Cumberland '61."
In which the Frawleys opened last. night
after a week of Innocuous desuetude. Is a
very red play. It Is not vulgar, however,
BETS Inasmuch as all melodrama Is vul
gar. The author has not resorted to cheap
dialogue. in a. hopeless- measure, and If
there be occasional lines that cry to the
gallery there Is also enough well-balanced
conversation to save' the piece from be
i ing absolute trash. ■ Melodrama has its
place and may be administered In homeo
pathic doEes without bad results, but con
tinuous and •unmitigated melodrama 'vlll
only gain for Its producers the patronaxe
of second-das theater-goers, and may be
depended upon to stamped e. those who re
quire from the. actor thing more
than crude and superficial emotion.
There are theaters In Paris that are
given over entirely ,to melodrama and
which have: absolute Importance, but this
is due to the fact that such plays as •[..■
Cause Celcbrc" and "Roger la Haute" »-t
cetera, ct cetera, et cetera, which have
a considerable merit, are enacted by cap
able artists. Such a condition: might pre
vail here, and Mr. Frawley.- who seems
disposed that way. might become the ar
biter of a new school. He is making some
quite good actors. play in melodrama, and
thereby gives a tone to the plays he pro
duces, somewhat In the manner that Wil
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1899.
CALIFORNIA'S Christmas thil year is marked by more than the
merriment and cheery air usual to the holiday season. The return
of better times has had its effect. After years of depression and
gloom the times have changed and prosperity comes to California
as a welcome Christmas present. To-day will find the populace
prepared to rejoice. It has every reason for so doing. The spirit
of happiness, of merrymaking and contentment is in the air. The children,
who begin the day following Christmas to count the intervening days until
Santa Clans will return again, find greater vent for their innocent ecstasy.
The small boys will tap their drums and toot their tin horns with more
fervor, and the little misses will take more pride in parading with their
dollies. The older folks will not fall far behind in their enthusiasm. For
a day at least they will be children again and will demand their full measure
ol the joy that comes with the yuletide.
This happy condition is not limited in the extent of its benificent ef
fects. The rich have been favored and the poor have not been forgotten.
To-day is to be a Merry Christmas for everybody. Santa Claus has made
a record for himself, and. as it stands, nothing better could be asked for the
future by California and her people than to have recorded as each succeed
ing year rolls by a Christmas as merry, as replete with the spirit of good
\\:!1 to men. and surrounded with as many evidences of substantial pros
perity as that of 1809.
Many of the city churches held their Christmas services yesterday and
were well attended Some of the more pretentious programmes will be car
ried out to-day by the Catholic and Episcopalian denominations. There
will be special sermons and music appropriate to the occasion. A feature of
the religious observances will be the elaborate decorations in all the
churches. Hollyberries have been used in profusion and there is a liberal
display of flowers and evergreens.
JOLLY SANTA CLAUS
Merry Cr;ristrT)as to One
and All.
peace prophesied by the angola than It wa«
last Christmas. Thin glorious nineteenth
century, which wan opened with the thun
der of Napoleon's cannon on the plains of
Marengo, has been disturbed every year
with the clash of arms and the conflict of
nation*, and In about to elope with what
looks us. If It would bo one of the Moodiest
and most disastrous warn for the post one
hundred years.
Where, then. In our hope for this peace
which the angels prophesied. We have
hoped that the great deatruetlblltty of mod
ern weapons of warfare would keep nations
from fighting, that the great cost In money
and In human life would make for this
peace.
REV. E. NELANDERTOLDOF
THE DAYS OF KING HEROD
Rev. E. Nelnnder of the First Enpllsh
I^uthernn Church preached last night on
"The I»ays of Herod the King." In part
he !=ald:
The phraee "the d»ys of Herod. th« klnj"
1* more than a notation of time. An are is
a composite photograph of the individuals
who ronipn— It. If you strike the averajte
of men at the heplnnlng of the Christian era
you will gft Her A. the king. He ptan.ls for
an epoch.
Rta da>F were days of peace. For the
third time In the hl«t.-,ry of the Roman Km
CHRISTMAS CAROLS FROM A
SURPLICED CHOIR OF BOYS
Troys choir of the Good Samaritan Mission, under the direction of Rer. W. T. Kip. visited the different hotels last
evoninc and entertained the K u.-sts by rinsing old Christmas carols in a manner as delightful as It w.,, appropriate
boys thrm^ivS ? !h2! h 2 ('r' 5 ' Jl V^ llfi ,, nd "'" RrOWn volrr! '- Tho carols were excellently rendered but It was in the
dojs themselves the Interest of th. listeners was centered
rm^V t i r n?Jl? a fK CkS u Ur ?"" S L they presented an appearance of !nnoc?nce and truth In contrast to the light-hearted
rnnmlr ,h 7 . bc " eath lh « benches of the Christmas tree in the courtyard of the Palace Hotel, who forgot for the
hooTln thJ£n? e « , VCS a A* th l y llstcn cd , t ° the * rcsh y " un * -voices uplifted in thanksgiving and renewed their own cfclM-
MwoW^SE' boyish fa " that BmllCd on them - and aH th ° W ° rld ' WUh th ° frlendly "nlldeac.
*c,n rtarrett gave tone to "The 811ver 1
Kin*." but it is Important that the plays
be tolerable. "Th»» Sporting l)uch«.«" "is
hi. admissible attraction, as Is also "Cum
berland '61. " but "The Fata] Card" and
all others of that Ilk are Impossible and ]
' should be shunned. It is with the second
J of these, however, that we have presently
t<> deaL it was the experiment at the
California la*t nl^ht an<l showed sljcns of
SUfrredinß.
The company is. for the most part, sat
isfactory, and there are a number of char
acter parts carefully mid cleverly done.
Harry Dttfltold U a type of the Southern
"po" white trarh" is good in accent and
fair in acting. Mary* Van Huren and
Hampton arc also «|iiite accurately Soutli
ern In Voice. Mr. Armory as John Lenox,
, a puraejf New Yorker, demonstrates at
; least hln versatility, but one cannot for
: (rive his raucous voice, that were bet
1 ter suited to Hrttom nr Toby Belch. There
are several small parts very well dono.
Harrington Reynolds and Prmndfl Byrne,
i-r. nave not yet found the notches
thnt fit them.
Mr. Frawley is an Indian.
POKTER GARNETT.
"The Christian" will open at th>» «'n
lumbla tn-nidht. Th«» production of this
play i« awaited with interest and should
or one of the important events of the
-on.
The Frawley Company Is producing
"Cumberland 61" at the California, after
a week of careful rehearsing.
"Chimmie Fadden" will receive Its first
performance at the Alcazar this after
noon.
1 The Christmas matinee at the Grand
plre. the gates of the temple of Janus were
closed. But It was the peace of utter stag
nation. All nations of the earth had been
made to pass under the yoke of Rome. The
.lews also had been obliged to yield. In
their final <Jlsperslon they were to carry the
worship of the true God everywhere, and so
bear their part In the preparation for the
coming of Christ.
The clays of Herod, the king, wore days
of darkness. The night had closed In. The
pagan gods In the Pantheon had fallen
from their pedestals. It was darkness like
the falling of a funeral pall: a. night full of
specters and base superstitions: a night of
fear pnd crying: "Would to God it were
day."
REV. DR. RAPER DELIVERED
AN ABLE CHRISTMAS SERMON
Rev. Dr. Rader preached an eloquent
Christmas sermon to the congregation of
the Third Congregational Church last
night on Luke 11:14. "Glory to God in the
highest, and on earth peace, good will
toward men." In part he said:
These word* contain the gospel of the
advent, which waa delivered by the angels,
not to the scholars nor to the kings, but to
the humble worklngmm of Palestine. The
angels surrounded them and »anr this an
them, which contains the Ideal gospel
••Glory to God In the highest" means not
alone the supremacy of Ood. but that God
should receive glory In the highest places.
The best gifts of men should be employed
to declare his glory. If there Is one angel
which rtands on a loftier peak than all
the other angel*, let him express the glory
of God. The best places of earth should be
filled with his i raise.
PASTIMES OF A
CHRISTMAS DflY
FOOTBALL — Carlisle
Indians vs. University of
California. Sixteenth and
Folsom street grounds,
2:15 p. m.
RACING — Emeryville
Track. Christmas handi
cap and Milroy handicap.
COURSING — Ingle
side Park. Champion
stake.
BASEBALL — Recrea
tion Park. All-Californias
vs. Sacramentos, 2:30 p.m.
Onera-hou^e will be the. holiday spectacle,
Slnbad.
Fouler? has come to the Orpheum.
where she heads a strong bill.
.Uttle 80-Peep- has bejfun a run at
the Tlvoll. The production is mont elab
orate and full of fun
The Black Pattl Troubadours will finish
out the holiday wo.-k at the New Alham
bra.
The projjramme of p P Parhmann's flret
piano recital to take place to-morrow nf
ternoon at the Otllfornia la as follows:
Ponate. op. ■ .Webert; •'Phantasles
tuecke." on. 12 (Warum-Grllleiu; "In der
Nachf (Waldsoheni. on. K2: "Vorol als
Prophet." jiiKdlled. abpchlcd iSchumnnni;
"Rondo CaprirclLso." op. 14 (Mendels
■ohn-Bartholdl); three preludes, op. 2«.
No?". 0, lft, 23; three etudV*. «.p. 2.'. Nos. 2.
3 fi; mazurka, pp. IS, N.. 4; •'Val-e Rrll
llante." op. 34. No. 1; "Third Scherzo." op.
J!< irhopini.
There will he B Christmas tree after the
regular performance at the chutes The
■cff!. thls "f^moon, with pifts for the
children.
Generous Mrs. Hearst.
Throtißh the f,^nerosity of Mrs. Phcbo
Hearst, who donated 52.-.0 to Dr. Hodj?
bead, raperlntendent «»f the City and
and OOQnty Ifi'>iiit :1 1. the patients of that
institution will enjoy a bountiful Chrtst
ma.« dinner to-day. Turkey and other del
icacies will be served in abundance.
Dr. Parker'* Cough Cure. One do*e will *top
a coufb.. Never fails. Try It. All dnifjUU.
DEATH THE END
OE CHRISTMAS
EVE REJOICING
Sudden Fatality at the
Occidental.
HEART TROUBLE THE CAUSE
D. B. SMITH OF HONOLULU DIES
WHILE HELP IS COMING.
Came Here to Spend the Holidays
With His Daughter and Was
Stricken in the Midst of
Festivity.
The Occidental Hotel was the scene of
a sad fatality last evening, which Is all
the more to be regTetted coming, as It
does, in the midst of holiday rejoicing.
While listening to the strains of music
and exchanging the compliments and
courtesies of the yuletldc D. B. Smith, a
wealthy resident of Honolulu, was sud
denly taken ill and forced to retire to his
room, where he expired before medical
assistance could reach him.
The Immediate cause of Mr. Smith's
death was heart failure, superinduced by
:i dOM of bromide, which he had taken a
short time before to quiet his nerves.
He had been a sufferer for some time
from weak nerves, and had been accus
tomed to have recourse to powerful med
icines to relieve him. Last evening, feel-
Ing one of Ills nervous attacks coming on.
he took a more than usually heavy do»e.
and then went down stairs to participate
in some Christmas festivities, in com
pany with several other Honolulu people.
They were nil fitting in the parlor lis
tening to the music, which was being ren
dered by a Hawaiian string orchestra,
and having a general good time, when
Smith suddenly complained of feeling ill.
and started to his room, helped by his
daughter iind a couple of her girl friends.
As soon as his apartments were reached
a bell-boy was .sent to summon a physi
cian. He found one in the person of Dr.
Mlddleton, who at once accompanied the
boy to the room. They arrived there too
late, however, for when they entered the
apartments of the man who,, a few mo
ments before, had been delighting the
circle of people congregated In the parlor
by his wit and general flow of spirits, he
found him a corpse.
The Coroner was at once summoned, but
as death had resulted from purely natural
causes the body was allowed to remain In
the apartments at the hotel, whence. It
vMI be removed to-day to an undertaking
establishment to be prepared for burial.
Deceased was a native of Statesvllle. N.
C... about 40 years of age and a widower
with one daughter. For many years past
he had been engaged In business In Hono
lulu, and had been so successful that h«
was generally rated by his acquaintances
as a millionaire. He was prominent In
island politics as well as In other matters,
and under the reign of the late King oc
cupied several important government po
sitions.
The dead man leaves one daughter. May
Smith, who Is at present attending the
Convent of Nmre I>ame. in San Jose. Ir
was to pass the holidays In her company
that he made his last trip up from the Isl
ands, arriving here on the 21st of ♦nls
month, since which time he has been a
guest at the Occidental.
Mr. Smith was a prominent Mason, and
that order will probably attend to his
burial, the particulars of which have not
yet been arranged.
NOT BLOOD RELATIVES.
Dewey, the Socialist, Neither Cousin
Nor Nephew of the Admiral.
A. M. Pfn-py, special agent of the
I'nited States Department of L,abor, ad
dressed a well attended meeting at Unlon-
Ffiuaro H.ill last evening, held under th»»
auspices of the San Francisco section of
th» Socialist Labor party. His subject
was. "The Kleventh <Vimmandment." He
dwelt at length upon what ho claimed to
ho the unequal division of property. hold-
Ing to the socialistic theory that It bor
ders on the criminal to accumulate m«>re.
of the world's goods than a person r<»
qulros for his own maintenance. Mr.
Dewey has a very pleasing manner of
presenting his arguments iind his address
was listened to with the keenest Interest
by the audience.
The lecturer claims to h* a relative of
the admiral, but admits that the relation
ship Is not one of blood. He asserts that
they are both descendants of Dewey. the
settlor, who came to this country some
time during the sixteenth century. 'I he
orlßinHl 1 lewoy had five sons. One was
named Thomas, and the special agent of
the Department of L,abor says that he Is
his direct descendant. The admiral's an
cestor was Joslah Dewey. a brother of
Thomas. And there is the relationship be
tween A. M. Dewey and the Dewey who
made history at Manila.
Germans Favor Bonds.
v he .. r ' crman Dc mocratlc Central Club
held Its regular meeting last night at
Normann Hall on Bush street. M Green
l. att . Presiding. ' Speeches were made by
irosident M • Grcuiblatt. Oscar Hocks
Otto Guy and several other members who
(jtron K y advocated the park "tension
The following resolution was unanimously
adopted. • ' J
Resolved. That the German Democratic Cen
tral Club hereby ln.lorne« and approves of the
(Main* of all the bond. to be voted upon at he
coming elections on December 27 and "9 an.l
Its members pledge them^hes to vote and work
for the adoption of the Fame orK
Talk on Adulterated Foods.
The Social Democratic Temple at 117
Turk street was tilled with a representa
tive audience last evening, who listened
with attention to an Interesting lecture
delivered by M. F. Underwood. The sub
Ject chosen 'by Mr Underwood was the
adulteration of food, and he thorouehiv
discussed the matter during the delivery
of a discourse that went to the bottom of
the subject and exposed the evils that are
the result of the practice. The title of th«
lecture was "Our Adulterated Foods as
Disease: Producers.:* •
« ♦ »
■ Trapper' ■ OH cures rheumatism ft neuralgia.
Dnififlsrj, We fla*k. Richards ft Co. iM Clay.
A3DVEBTISEMENTS. • . . ..
SPECIAL
SALE
HOUSEKEEPING
LINENS.
This week we will place on sale
12 CASES of extra quality HOUSE-
KEEPING LINENS, consisting of
TABLE DAMASKS, TABLE DAM-
ASK SETS, NAPKINS, TOWELS
and CRASHES. ,
These linens will he sold much
less than present values. The cloths
are from 22 yards to 5 yards in
length. All the newest designs, and
all the cloths have napkins to match.
SEE Oi/lt WINDOW DISPLAY OF ABOVE GOODS.
. Blankets and Sheetings less than present
mill prices.
STORE WILL REMAIN OPEN SATURDAY EVENINQ,
DECEMBER 30, UNTIL IO O'CLOCK.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
MANILA JUSTICE
IS IN A VERY
SERIOUS TANGLE
Courts Need Ameri-
can Judges.
THE FILIPINOS RUN THINGS
ISLAND JURISPRUDENCE NOW
IN a BAD MESS.
Some Little Towns in Luzon Have
Been Captured at Least Eight
Times by Uncle
Sam.
Judge J. B. Early, who has been prac
ticing law In the Phtllnnines, returned
yesterday on th». transport Valencia. He
was her only passenger. The Judge is not
very favorably impressed •with the condi
tions of the Manila courts as at present
conducted.
"There must be a reorganization of the
courts before Americans will have any
confidence in the isi: - • Hidlclary.'" H al<i
Judge Kurly. "The Judges are Filipinos
and they adjudicate along the linos <>r tba
old Spanish laws, which do not even per
mit a Jury. There are but tw.i American
Judges, and they do not have enough
power. Of course there *s an appellate
court, but that, too, is composed of Fili
pino Judges, who know but little of the
letter or the spirit of A million law.
"Until the courts are placed under the
Jurisdiction of American law Americans
will never settle to ary great extent ln
Manila. At present there Is the wont
kind of a Jumble prevailing. Spani.s.i Is
the language of the courts, and all mv
business had to be transacted through tin
interpreter. It appears to me tnat the
first and most important matter requir
ing adjustment Is the island ludldary
I'ntll there is a clearly denned Jurispru
dence established along the lines of Amer
ican law It will be absurd to suppose that
capital In any »-eat quantity will Invest
in the islands.
"The war seer-- to be going along the
same as ever. Sometimes the advantage
appears to be on one side and s..metlme-i
on the other. Some of the little towns down
there have been captured by the Ameri
cans as many rs eight times, and this
fact alone will convey an Idea of the va
dilating nature of the. fortunes of tho
Philippine war."
"Theosophical Symposium."
The United Brotherhood of Thecso
phlsts held a "symposium" last -evening
In the hall of the Academy of Sciences
bulldlnsr. during which Buddhism and
Christianity were discussed by three
sneakers, under th« general title of. "Sa
viors of the World." 1
The first speaker of the evening was F
E. Hetts. who spokn upon "ChrlsL" Fol
lowing: him tame T. Slator. who spoko
up on , ud(lha ' ana. lastly Dr. Anderson,
who delivered a lecture entitled "Chris
tiana."
The speakers had something intercstlnK
and instructive to nay and .were listen",!
to with much attention by the large au
dience. ■ v "V--.
Hit With a Stove Lid.
Frarik" Wheeler of 103 New'Montgoxn-ry
street called at 143 Minna street yestero y
morning to sec a friend. As he wa.kcd
along the hallway he saw a man striklnc
a woman and remarked that it »•>. 5
cowardly thin* for the man to do The
man graphed hold of a stove lid and
« truck Wheeler on the head with It cut
tine open Ills scalp. The police were noil
tted and the Htove lid wtelder. who k, le
the name of William P. Caasidy. w afi L r
rested on a charge of assault with ad .l"
ly weapon. Wheeler had his Voil iJ
dressed at the Receiving Hospital.
gOLDBERg
BQWEM
& CO
Merry Christmas to all—
our customers and others — those who
. deal here will have a good dinner to-day
. lor the.y bought liberally of good things-
trust trie otners may fare as well
No sale
to-day
To-morrow our advertise-
ment will appear here as
usual
Next Tuesday also
Pl^t *3iSutter 1803 CallfornU San Frmclica
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth OikUaJ
HOLIDAY I
GIFTS. £pj I
Elegant line of Useful H£%/ R
Sold on easy terms ,-t^C^-^ 1
at lowest prices. QtJ&3-£y I
CHICAGO fj£& 1
CLOCK CO., If Hi
1014 ''■*$£& |
Market Street. ' i!^\ \
! OfEi* H
EVEMNC3 ■
WHY
Use a Welsbach Light ?
No other light gives the soft,
mellow effect of the Welsh i
Light. 25,000,000, in nightly
use, prove it. -
The Qenulne Gives Tmisa
Mlltd Box Bearing WEt £? ACH
A HANDSOME
XMAS STOCK.
\ t.t. ocn oood3 ark new no old
£** itoclc. Everything of this year •in I c*a
b« «efn at " A ? KK * CO/8. th- JtWtitS Ul
Butter atrwt. In»p.
v n marked In Plain n»ur«.».
| ._ Ma order a ■■ la! feature.
purr nnil I I Corner Fourth an 1
CWE ROYALS ;;%&*
~ 1IWI| *"-»J<'. OvercoaW ami
-.:-:'fl. <.■;■-.>•.•. -o Vall»«* cb««kad fr««.
WINTER RESORTS.
SPECIAL INDDCEMEST3 TO VISITORS t
PASO RUBLES
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
THE greatest < ' health retort*; cure* all lilt
■ when others fall, Special round-trip rebate
ticket. For information apply to
FRANK \V. ELY. Cltr Agent.
£10 Market it-. Room L t