VOLUME LXXXTI-NO. 102.
ENGLAND TO RETIRE
FROM SAMOAN GROUP
Exchanges Territory With Germany,
Leaving That Country and Uncle
Sam to Run the Trouble=
some Islands.
LONDON. Nov. B.— The Berlin correspondent of the Daily-
Mail says he has learned that the Samoan arrangement contains
secret clauses relating to South Africa, whereby the plans of Cecil
Rhodes are advanced a step toward realization-
BERLIN, Nov. B.— lt was officially an
nounced this morning that an agreement.
subject to the approval of the United
Ptatas, had beeri arrived at between
Great Britain and Germany, oy virtue
of which the Samoa act Is repealed and
the islands of Upolu, Sayall and the small
adjacent islands fall to Germany as free
property , and the. Island of Tutuila and
the subsidiary islands go to the United
Ptatf-s. Great Bri:ain, it Is added, re
nounces any claim to the Samoan Islands,
.and Germany in return renounces any
r'film to the Tonga Islands and to Savage
Island In favor of Great Britain, and also
cedes Choiseul and San Isabel, the two
easterly islands of tho Solomon group,
with their Insular surroundings, to Great
Britain. The consular representatives of
the two powers in Samoa and the Tonga
Islands are to he withdrawn for the pres
ent and Gorman subjects are to have the
Fame rights as tho British subjects in
regard to the free and unimpeded en
list uu-nt of native laborers in the whole
of the Solomon group in the possession
of Great Britain, Including Choiseul and
Pan Isabel.
At •■ ■ time nn arrangement has
•.. ■ ■ the two powers
which the so-called neutral
- 1 hinterlai : man Togo-
British gold coast, Africa,
In such a manner that the
of German and British terrl
will be formed by the Paka River
■ Int where the latter cuts the
thence north by
■■ a commission. To
that the
Mamprupl and Cai
1 the
' S udl and Nehak
■ . according to the d<
of the colonial council, Germany has
proml renounce her
rights in Zanzibar until
[ration of the commercial
in 1902, with the proviso
■i !s only eff<
I ' ■
In Zanzibar in \
■ ;r<'at Britain. g the |
It li ■he United
lent is 1 sured.
A further agr< ncluded between ,
■
is to the effect that the question
•
g the late trouble is to he subn
■ rial court of arbitral!, n, which
all claims.
liner Tageblatt says: "Samoa
■ too dearly. The presence
of America In Tutuila will not involve
difficulties for Germany as
nee there would."
Zeitung, which harshly
••.-.- agreement, says: "Every
r in excess of a
■many ought to have se
cure U African rights."
Th<- ' Zeitung says: "The agree
ment is a success which is not impaired
by the indemnity accorded for the renun
ciation of British rights which are as In
stable as the German."
The Neueste Naohrichtr-n says: "The
■ al importance lies in the fact that
HOW GREAT BRITAIN IS
SQUEEZED OUT OF SAMOA
LONDON, Nov. 9.— 'Without being enthusiastic, the morning papers general
ly rei Bamoan agre.'ment with satisfaction. The Times. In the course of
an article ridiculing the Idea that the Imperial meeting ai Potsdam Is In any
British policy In Bouth Africa, says: "The Samoan a
mer.t shows that Emperor William la not animated by the sentiments Imputed
to him by some French and German newspapers. On the whole, the arrange
ment appear! such as ought to commend Itself to two sensible ' and practical
nations."
The Dally Mall, expressing similar views', tnkr-s occasion to make a savngo
attack on France, which. It declares, has neither "courage, foresight nor a souse
of honor."
The Dslly Chronicle, on th" contrary, supposes that Germany has been
: d that the era of "compensations over thA South African imhrogolio"
I: - iggests that the agreement has not revealed the stipulations
. and adds: "It will be received with fury in Franco
■!a. who will be roused to further anger by the threatened combina
•: f-rtcan, German, Japanese and British interests in China."
Chronicle thinks the tlmo is approaching wh»n "it will be lmpos-
England altogether to disregard the storm of anger, unparalleled In the
empire, which is sweeping through the Continent."
• -i- ■■• "The treaty marks another success for I^ord Salisbury's
N vertheless Germany has driven a good bargain and the United
i I be c 'iitented."
lays: "Under cover of th* war In South Africa. Lord Salis
squeezed out or Samoa. We are not prepared to say 1
I ■ ■ lefenslble instrument, but it is well at tho outset to
' • above stated, if Mr. Gladstone had carried out I^ord
■■ :.tttr-r"s supporters would have called it a 'policy of scuttle.'
• It Is to be said that it terminates a scandal in Samoa
In a manner agreeable to the United States as well as to Germany."
certain questions threatening the good
understanding of Germany with England
and America arf> disposed of."
The Post says: "The cry that Samoa !
has become German will find a Joyful
echo in German hearts."
The Boersen Zeitung says: "The Amer
ican retention of '!";,• ilia appears to make
the agreement less valuable, because It is i
precisely the presence of Americans j
which has given rise to continual fric
tion."
LONDON Nov. B.— The British Foreign
Office to-day gave out a statement In re
gard to the Samoan agreement similar to
that Issued in Berlin; showing that the.
United * States gets Tutuila and other Sa
inoan islands east of the one hundred and
Bevehty-flrst degree of longitude.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— The State De-"
partment has not yet been advised of the
agreement between Great Britain and
Germany respecting the Bamoan Group.
It Is gathered, however, that If the out
line of the arrangement set out in the
• able advices is accurate there will be no
• Imposition to withhold our approval, pro
vided certain minor conditions are in
ciuded.
Whatever plan Great, Britain and Ger
many might agree upon, it was stipulated
should be first submitted to the ratifica
tion of the United States. This was nee-
The San Francisco Call.
eseary as the change proposed could be
made only by formal treaty, which would
require the approval of the Senate. It
is believed that the arrangement proposed
now will be sent to the State Department.
The United States Is not concerned with
the amount or character of the compen
sation that passes between the other na- I
tions. Besides retaining the coaling sta
tion of Pago Pago, acquiring the island
of Tutuila, whereon the harbor is located,
and the three or four small islets in the
vicinity, the United States will continue
to Joy by stipulation the privilege of
; trading with Apia under conditions equal
ly as favorable as those existing. The
islets referred to are not of any particu
lar importance from a commercial point
of view, but It is deemed essential to con
| trol them politically In order to prevent
smuggling.
The partition of the Samoan group of ]
islands marks the close of a long-stand
ing source of international controversy
and also brings about new territorial .ar
rangements in the South Pacific. In the j
early stage of the negotiations It was ,
agreed that the United States should have i
the island of Tutuila, with its valuable ;
harbor of Pago Pago and the lesser isl
ands of its coast, including the large islet
of Manua. The negotiations then shifted
to London to determine whether Germany
or England should retain the two remain
ing islands. The nature of these later ne
gotiations has been constantly commu
nicated to Washington, although they ,
have not reached the State Department,
and it has been known for some days
that in case Great Britain retired from
Samoa, Germany would give as part com
pensation the large Solomon islands of I '
San Isabel and Choiseul. These are near j
; the British possessions in Australia, being '
east of New Guinea. They are twice the
size of the Samoan group, but the country
i is mountainous and the people warlike,
many being cannibals.
At the British and German embassies
here the announcement of the close of
negotiations was received with much sat- |
Isfactiou. A high diplomatic official said .
that the agreement wad due mainly to the
fact that German public sentiment was
averse to retiring from Samoa, and yield
ing to this sentiment Great Britain had
solved the matter by taking an equivalent
in territory elsewhere.
CORPORATION FORMED TO
MAKE AUTOMOBILES
W. EL Vanderbilt the Chief Factor in
the Company, Which Is Heavily-
Capitalized.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— The World to
morrow will say: W. K. Vanderbilt is
reported to he the chl< t factor in the
;: ""■ automobile combine. The com
pany, called the Anglo-American Vehicle
Company, has already paid the Secretary
of State of Delaware for issuing a cer
tifirate of incorporation. The pri
of this corporation, it is said, will be
Francis r>. Carley of this city.
Mr. Carley has made some notable
coups in Wall street. Charles R. and
Wn]lnro Flint. Eleazar Kempshall,
tee of valuable Inventions: the
Studebakera, carriage manufacturers, of
South Hend. Ind.; Hiker, the Brooklyn
manufacturer of automobiles, and Col
onel A. A. Pope, head of the Pope Manu
facturing Company, makers of Colum
bia motor vehicles, and Mr. Carley have
been In secret conference lately, and as
:i result the $75,000,000 combine Is a fact.
Now It i.s proposed to form a still more
gigantic organization, to Include the $75, -
--000,000 one and take in all other independ
ent concerns here and abroad.
Representatives of Mr. Carley and the
other financiers and paterti holders ad
mitted yesterday that there was talk of
a company to be capitalized at $200,000 000
and that Meps tending to the formation of
a parent organization were being taken.
MAJOR M'GRATH DIES
FROM HIS INJURIES
WASHINGTON. Nov. B.— A cable mes
sage from General Otis this afternoon
says that Major Hugh McGrath (captain
Fourth Cavalry) died at Manila yester
day from wounds received at the battle
of Noveleta, a month ago. Major Mc-
Grath was appointed to the military acad
emy from Wisconsin.
SAST FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVE3IBER 9, 1899.
CONFLICTING STORIES OF
THE BATTLES IN NATAL
Reported Annihilation of the Fifth Lancers
Followed by British Versions That the
Boers Lost Most Heavily.
Botha's Hill Cut Near Pietermaritzburg.
This important passway is closely guarded against a sudden raid by the Boers, or damage by their sympa
thizers in Natal. A small party in a short while could work such extensive damage as to cut off the country above
from the sea for two weeks or more.
PARIS, Nov. B.— lnformation has been received in diplomatic circles
that in Friday's battle near Ladysmith the Fifth Lancers were annihilated.
Six hundred of them were killed, wounded or taken prisoners. Four hun
dred horses were captured.
FSTCOURT, Natal, Xov. 6.— Mr. Burned, proprietor of the Railway Hotel at Lady
smith, has arrived here with a companion, having eluded the Boer outposts by night, riding along
Kaffir paths. He confirms the report that when General White requested that the women and chil
dren be permitted to depart General Joubert replied that he would only allow them to get away un
der the muzzles or fire of his guns. Mr. Burnard views the situation gravely and says that none of
the British artillery is apparently able to cope with the Boer siege guns.
LONDON, Nov. 9. — A dispatch from Durban gives details which, though rather indefinite,
seem to show that the Natal volunteers are moving the big guns, which are not sufficiently mo
bile for field use, from Estcourt to Pietermaritzburg to assist in the defense of the latter in the
event of an attack. Advices from Naauwpoort, Cape Colony, filed Monday morning, say that on
learning that the Boers were relaying the rails at Norvals Pont r the Railway Department the pre
vious day destroyed the culvert between Arundel and Tweedale.
DURBAN, Nov. 5. — Other information confirms the statement of native eye-witnesses de
scribing the severity of the fighting on both Friday and Saturday at Ladysmith. The natives as
sert that the Boers were so cut up that they howled for mercy on the field and covered their
bodies. Ladysmith is crowded with Boer prisoners and wounded, the latter presenting horrible
evidence of the swordsmanship of the cavalry. The Gordon Highlanders suffered severely in the
fighting.
LONDON, Nov. B.— To the eyes of
military experts the darkest page
of the war IS now being written.
But even that is illuminated with
bright passages, such as General
White's victorious sorties. If ho
can keep the British flap: flying over
Ladysmlth until he is relieved, the cam
paign will turn a frosh page and with
the advance of Sir Redvers Buller's force
the British public is promised more cheer
ful reading.
This feeling- of relief inspired by recent
good tidings is nevertheless tinged by a
certain anxiety lest General White should
again make some fatai- miscalculation, in
volving a repetition of the Nicholsens
Nek disaster. Her Majesty does not share
this anxiety and apparently Is sanguine
of his ability to pull through successfully.
It is asserted that she has written to
I-ady White expressing sympathy with
her husband In the trials and difficulties
he Is now experiencing and assuring I^ady
White of her own undlmlnished confidence
In his generalship. The purport of this
letter has been cabled to General White
by the Marquis of Lansdowne.
The most interesting news to-night is
a dispatch from Estcourt announcing the
departure of a strong force of mounted
troops and artillery for a destination not
given In the advices. Another message
announces the arrival at Estcourt and
Pietermarltzburg within the last few days
of reinforcements from Durban, and that
3500 troops are assembled ready for an
advance to Colenso when the opportune
moment arrives. The latter dispatch
throws light upon the former, and the
TO SHOW THE WORLD WHAT
AMERICAN WOMEN CAN DO
LONDON, Nov. B.— At the request of the Associated Press. L*dy Randolph Churchill made to-day the following
statement to American friends with regard to the project of American women in England of fitting out a hospital shin
for use in South African waters:
"The time for fitting out the Maine is so brief that Tarn glad to avail myself of the Associated Press to set the
project fairly before the American public. The interest manifested by Americans has already taken such tangible form
from New York to San Francisco that I am sure that an intimation that what remaining work there is to do must be
done Immediately will spur the American public into a ready response to our needs. There is but one motive, one
reason, for the project of sending a hospital ship to the Cape. We have had oratory and societies for the promotion of
Anglo-American friendship. This is the golden opportunity to put that expression of good will into tangible form
It is especially the province of American women to promote this cause, but it is woman's function to foster and nourish
the suffering. American people are more adept at It, we believe, than any others. The Maine is to be essentiaJly an
American woman's ship. We are not only to aid th« suffering, but are to show the world that American women can do
that good work better than any one else can do it. I am going to the Cape in the Maine, not because my son is there,
for he will be a thousand miles away, but because I want the generous efforts of American contributors to be carried
out under the personal supervision of a member of an executive committee. I am going because I think I may prevent
any kind of friction between the American nurses whom Mrs. Whitelaw Reid is sending out on Saturday and the
British officials, in case such friction should arise. I contribute that much time and service gladly, and all our com
mittee would do the same. The Maine will be a success and we hope American contributions, already given so generously,
will within the next few days insure that success beyond a doubt."
force which left Estconrt Monday hns
doubtless reoccupied Colenso and possi
bly is now advancing cautiously up the
railroad toward Ladysmith, General
White's sortie of Friday almost to the
banks of the Tuge.la River encouraging
Its commander in the hope of joining
hands with him.
General Joubcrt, the latest advices
would indicate, drew In his horns after
Friday's engagement and lias sinoo with
drawn the southern Boer contigent, leav-
Ing only outposts on the line from Lady
smith to Colenso. Tho Boers who occu
pied Colenso about the middle of last
week retired without damaging Bulwer
bridge over the Tugela River or the rail
road as far north as the village of Nel
thropo, s»vpn miles south of Ladysmith.
Evidently they nurse a hope of eventually
utilizing both In their descent on Pieter
marltzburg. Meanwhile the British are
also able to use both as they have al
ready done. In running up an armored
train which may at the present moment
be covering the advance of the Estcourt
forces.
At Estcourt and Pietermarltzburg tho
defensive works have been greatly
strengthened within the last few days,
and they are now believed capable of
holding their own against any Boer force
which General Joubert could at the pres
ent juncture risk pending against either
town. Both are likely to be strengthened
before the week is out by a further naval
force, and even by the first detachment
of General Buller's army corps.
None of the troopships have arrived.
The one which it was predicted might
reach Tape Town at the earliest on Mon
day is as yet unannounced, and even
when it does arrive there it will have
three days' steaming to reach Durban.
As many as six transports, with 4500
troops, were expected to be in Cape Town
harbor by this time, but the War Office
last evening issued a statement to the
effect that the only arrivals at Cape
Town were the Sumatra, from Durban,
with wounded; the Southern Cross, from
Gibraltar, with mules, and the collier
Wenvoe. Of course, it is possible that
dispatch boats have been sent to meet the
troopships with instructions to proceed
direct to Durban, and in that event the
War Office statement that not one has ar
rived at Cape Town would be accurate.
even though several should be half way
between Cape Town and Durban.
The situation looks brighter at Mafe
king, where the Boers are apparently dis
heartened at the unexpected resistance,
a large body of their force having been
detached to the south to assist in the In
vestment of Kimberley, around which the
cordon Is drawing tighter. Evidently the
Boers intend to make a concentrated ef
fort to capture Kimberley and that arch
enemy, Cecil Rhodes.
The reported departure of a Boer con
tingent from Pretoria, with German ar
tillery gunners, moving in a southerly
direction, is taken to mean co-operation in
the invasion of the northern part of
''ape Colony, an undertaking which has
thus far not progressed very rapidly.
Reports of a treacherous use of the
white flag by the Boers, coming from
native sources, are not received with
complete credulity, but at the same time
DEWEY DIFFERS FROM
LIEUTENANT CALKINS
Admiral Objects to the Statement
That There Were Neither Mines
Nor Torpedo = Boats in
Manila Bay.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. "WELLINCt-
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. B.—
Admiral Dewey has yielded to the temp
tations of the letter-writing habit to the
extent of an exception to the report of
the operations in Manila Bay writt<
Lieutenant C. G. Calkins, navigating offi
cer of the Olympia. and published in che
June issue of the Naval Institute.
It has been Dewey's custom to let pass
unnoticed all reports, correct and Incor- i
rect, of the battle of Manila, but when
the article by Lieutenant Calkins ap
peared in the Institute he broke his rule i
and wrote to the Chief of the Bureau of !
Navigation, Admiral Crowninshleld, ask- i
ing that his official report of the battle ;
be published in the Institute, as the one
by Lieutenant Calkins differed from it in
several particulars. In the last issue of |
the Institute Dewey's report appeared,
with ' a letter from Admiral Crownln- j
shield and Dewey's letter to him. !
It seems from the two accounts that
there was quite a difference of opinion ;
between the admiral and his navigating ■
officer in figuring on the probable inten- '
tions of a small boat that put out from
the shore and lay across the bows of the !
Olympla during the fight. The admiral
says in his report that it was there with
the "apparent intention" of using torpe
does; Lieutenant Calkins says it was a
market boat. The admiral speaks of two
such Intruders; Lieutenant Calkins says
there was but one. The admiral also
speaks of mines exploded ahead of the
flagship, but Lieutenant Calkins writes I
that, on the authority of one of the Span- !
ish captains, there were no mines and no
torpedo-boats in the harbor.
In regard to these differences the ad
miral has made his first attempt at pub
lication in the following to Admiral i
Crowninshield:
There has come to my notice a copy of the .
United States Naval Institute, which contains, i
an article by Lieutenant Carlos G. Calkins, j
United States navy, purporting to be a histor- |
ical account of the operations in Manila Bay i
during my command of the United States
naval forces there. It has not been my cus
tom to notice numerous incorrect accounts of
those operations, nor do I desire to engage in
any controversy with the writer of the paper
mentioned, In matters of opinion, but as the
article has appeared in a publication which is
understood to have the official sanction of the
department, and as it contains statements as
facts, conflicting with my official reports, I
consider it necessary to ask that the depart
ment will requtst the Naval Institute t v publish
in its next issue my official report of the bat
tle of Manila Bay, which is absolutely correct
In all essentials.
In his official report the admiral stated
that— "Early in the engagement two
launches put out toward the Olympia
with the apparent intention of using tor
pedoes. One was sunk and the other was
disabled by our fire, and was beached be
fore an opportunity occurred to fire the
torpedoes. While advancing to the at
tack two mines were exploded ahead of
the flagship, too far to be effective."
Lieutenant Calkins In his account says:
LIEUTENANT C. G. CALKINS, Former Navigating
Officer of the Olympia.
their reiteration Is making an unfavorable
impression. One paper asks sarcastically
whether President Kruger's reforence in
his message to America to "staggering
humanity" meant the use of the Boer
white flag.
NO LATE NEWS FROM
THE SEAT OF WAR
LONDON. Nov. 9.— There is practically
no further news from the seat of war this
morning. It is asserted under Sunday
date from Estcourt that General White
received a message from Sir Redvera Bul
ler on Saturday. So far, however, no mes
sage appears to have been received in
London from General White concerning
Thursday's and Friday's sorties.
A special dispatch from I'i.termaritz
burg. dated Sunday, says: "it is confi
dently expected that railway communica
tion will be restored with Ladysmith
within a few hours."
Further details from Maiekin*. carry-
PTCICE FIVE CENTS.
Just as our line got fairly engaged a dis
tracting element appeared. A small steam
launch with awnings spread and a big Spanish
ensign streaming astern advanced from the
cove i .'hind Sangley Point, crossed the bows
of the Olympia and then turned toward the
shore as it" to lie in wait for that formidable
antagonist. There could be but one interpreta
tion into this movement. This was a torpedo
boat and she had to be treated as such. Sec
ondary batteries began to pick up her range and
their shells were soon veiling the target in
spray and smoke. A few rounds were fired
from even the main batteries, while the ma
rines did all that may be accomplished with
Springfields at 1200 yards ran^e: yet the reck
less craft still floated, though no longer able
to steam or disposed to use any weapon. She
drifted ashore under the guns at Sangley
Point, where she continued to draw the fire
from the six-pounders. In spite of the keen re
monstrance from high authorities, until the
action was over.
It seems proved that the launch was no
deadly microbe, but only a humble market
boat manned by Filipinos and bound to Manila
by the direction of an English family residing
at the Canacao littorat. The Oriental manner of
executing the domestic routine amid the shock
and thunder of battle eliminates the heroic
from an action of amazing rashness. • • •
After reducing this alarm to its lowest terms
It becomes necessary to strike out all rumors
of a second mythical torpedo-boat. No respon
sible witness has been found to locate or de
scribe this apparition, although some fell Into
the natural error of a duplication of the legend.
Perhaps the erasing angel should also blot
out the report of submarine mines exploded
ahead of the Olympia before the ships opened
fire. Such an explosion, miles ahead of our ad
vane, should indicate nothing but panic.
Against testimony of many sincere eye-wit
nesses stands the statement of Captain Concha,
commanding the Don Juan de Austria on May
1. This intelligent and disinterested observer
denies the existence of any submarine mlnea
or the presence of any improvised torpedo-boat
oft Cavtte. This statement leaves some of us
face to face with illusions of vision or mem-
I ory.
Lieutenant Calkins is now in charge of
the hydrographic office in this city. His
attention was called to the letter of the
admiral yesterday, but he would act a.s
--i cuss the subject.
"My article for the Institute was not
submitted as finally correct," he said.
"It was simply my own impressions and
what I had heard of the operations. I
saw the boat spoken of. and T learned
afterward what it was. The admiral does
not say it was a torpedo-boat, or that
cither of them was a torpedo-boat: he
says two boats were there with the ap
parent intention of using torpedoes. I
thought I saw mines exploded before we
went Into action, but I afterward learned
there were no mines, and I gave my
reason for my belief in what I wrote.
"I Baw the last number of the Institute
and read the admiral's letter, but that is
all I know of the affair. What i wrote I
wrote in good faith. As I say it does
not purport to be absolutely correct. It
is a record of what I saw and what I
learned, but it is not official, nor do I
wish to contradict any statements made
In the official report."
ing events up to October 27, indicate that
the Boer firing was easing off. the garrK
Fon was in high spirits and the siege be
coming a farce. The correspondent says
that the people were in the habit of shout
ing from the housetops "ware shells."
and that rabbit holes- had been excavated
in the town into which the men would
dive when the smoko of the Boers' big
gun was seen. Gdberal Cronje is accused
of dropping shells in the direction of the
women's laager.
According to a dispatch from Kuruman,
British Beehuanaland, dated Monday, Col
onel Plummir's column, marching from
Fort Tuli to the relief of Mafeking. had
reached Asvogelkop, ten miles north of
Lobatsi, on October IS, and was nearing
Mafeking.
BOER STORY OF BATTLE
OF NICHOLSENS NEK
CAPE TOWN*. Nov. 5, Sunday.— The foL
lowing is an official description from Pr*»2
torla of the bnttlo of J?1 Nek:
"Genei ipi erne com
et >1 hi the
■ rce, on the
i by the Free Staters,
A stam
threw the whole force
Into disorder. The British batteries were
obsen ed . Hi n the plains i;i
.: the Boer center, along
the table hill, from which our artillery
I on the English batteries coming
Into position from Lombardskop, with a
■ d shell fell In their
midst It was followed by shut after
ed bat-
From six to twelve the hill was
v veritab f hissing, whistling
hi Us. At first the British
to reach the hill, while the Boor
ild heavily. Eventually the British
; showered shells on
:s. The Boers could only oc
nally flre their guns. Whoa a
gunn< r bandaged himself an
other ■ iblivious of :he fragments
O f S h< Dr. Hohls was
In
the n fhers got their
howitzers further forward and Into place
. yer's battery
got in deadly work."
: iho dispatch has not
been recei •
BULLER TO CHECK
THE BoER ADVANCE
\l>f X. Nov. B.— The Dally Mail has
the following dispatch from Queenstown,
te I S ■ day night :
"Tl ■ -'an." is withdrawing from
all :;■ tv een this and
D Aar. There is no caus< for alarm,
however, with . to the I
towns. Gei ls taken eff< ct
. the Boer advance,
rship prevents particularlzation, but
yuu may expect g< >d news soon."
LIPTON OFFERS THE ERIN.
THAMPTON, Nov. 9.— Sir Thomas
pican liner
ampton shortly
■ ■. ■ .1 re-
Kperiem
datively of
ed at the
.flitted the
lumbia, but said the
rock was bly handicapped
'■'
Sit Thomas reiterated, his determination
lid Issue a
Immediately, ar.<i that, unless
- of en
lists, ho would build a
for
g the Transvaal dif
ficulty, he i the i iresentative
American: ixioua for the s-..
of British i:nglish them
the reports of the reverse
axquhars Farm wen . with
dismay in New Fork. In this connection
i that he was willing to equip
ta! ship and t" place
• Hriti=h Govern
: ■ This, he some slight
■
non-- the cup races had caused.
AN OFFICERS HEROIC ACT.
RT, Natal, Nov. s.— Details in
. -■ - opera
on Friday toward Dewdorp show
h force consisted of the
.. . Nil ■ •■•< nth Hussars, vol
with a battery of mounted
Ifth Dragoons, Roystone's
! two batteries. At mid
day G Llehursi drove the Boers
all their positions, shelled three of
- into Silence and headed off
m the Fletermaritzburg
tit f i- >rs>- pressed too far
into a i tricated by the
Drag ions, all getting Bafely away. Under
a iant Pomeroy of the
Fifth Dragoon Guards pluckily rescued a
I trooper from the lire zone.
The British casualties were slight. The
I is excell< I
WILL ASTOUND THE WORLD.
PARIS, Nov. f<.— The morning papers
inte of an Interview with
i prest ntatlve in
• ■ f the Transvaal Government,
Transvaal has every
thing to gain by remaining independent.
and thai her mining laws are the most
liberal in the world and prevent capital
ists from obtaining monopolies. In the
of his remarks Dr. Leyds repeats
Kruger's assertion that If the
i lies must eventually belong to Eng
te tatter will pay a price for them
which will astound the world. The war.
to which the Transvaal has been forced,
Dr. l sserted, has demonstrated to
the whole world the courage and chivalry
which even their eno
t hesitate to recognize.
AMERICAN NURSES WANTED.
NK\v FORK, Nov. B.— Mrs. Whltelaw
■ i a cablegram from Lady
Randolph Churchill asking her to s<
ervices of several trained American
nurses. The nurses will bo expected to
Urica within a w.-.-k. Lady
Churchill will pay all the expenses. Im~
- ■ . f the requesi
Reid drove to the Bellevue Training
"ELECTRIC FAIRY TALES."
3^ ll^ adve I rtl3emPnt "*<»««• told by certain self-styled "doctors"
to "0 apecf° ° aiBP °" °f ■ nf ' lrlOr ° Id - PtVlf Electric se& at from Jo
vincing Pt ; \h\}^ arC ybo^- Very afr^ting. but fall to prove con-
Mncingr t o ~<yss everybody in this wide world. BECAUSE It is
" /^^C-^' i ' , actually a fact that the Latest Im-
\ All ~-^~^\^ > IPP^x 1 1 1* f ' 1 i Proved. Most Powerful ana in all
■'. V- ' ■\'\Jr S V A , JrAj respects the BEST Electric Belt Is
■\^A^Vs3x^'2fcjt*^W^\. ' "P R- PIERCE S - " and It sells at half
— i^f^rri^l^ the prlce asked for thG other kind.
-'-^^ : i^*spT^" r^^^^6^^^?^ : rr?^!^3iL We keep right on manufacturing our
jt&Fvi' \\r^^^^^2t\hM^Bi K'ectric Belts and Trusses
iWa^^'^^^^\S<St^ V^ :^SS^. nntl curing people therewith by
\MK\^ C ' .A., vV./ar3W| scores and hundreds in all parts of
|ra&i'll^Lr~ / ' /- " ''. ' ' s'^^f^^Stßf the world - If you want the IJKST
Wf^^^^^^-^^^^W you MUST hay "Dr. Pierces." A
'V- I'j^-'t*^^ '- W*V>' vP^ ' rfl '" the wiH " ls '"Sclent.
>MlwM\\\K» CTCorn« and ho« us at th oflW or
W^i^^^^^>^^^^X\ Ben^ 2 cents In stamps for "BOOK-
y T FA '\ X LET NO. 2." PIERCE ELECTRIC
I 7 7"M V v /.r .... CO.. 620 Market streeet (opp. Palace
Hotel), San Francisco.
TWO PROMINENT BRITISH
OFFICERS AND AN ALLY.
School for Female Nurses and conferred
with Mrs. Ada Willard, !!.•■ superintend
ent Mrs. Willard furnished a list of eli
gible nurses, and eleven accepted the offer :
tci po to the Transv tal.
MILNER VISITS WOUNDED.
CAPE TOWN, X. ■ ■ • | Mil
ner visited the wounded to-day. They are
all doing well. Som< ol the wounds ur.>
■if an extraordinary nature The Mauser
bullet makes a clean perforation of bone
;' and muscle. Soldiers Bhot through both
I chet-k bones have loßt th< sense of Bmell
land taste, but ar.' otherwise quite well.
•Most of the wounds nre In the hands or
arms. The local volunteers have again
expressed a desire of going to the front.
The Dutch of the Colony maintain neu
trality, though doubtless many in liech
uanaland have joined the Boers.
TO PROTECT SOUTHERN BORDER.
("OLESI3URG. Nov. 6.— lt is reported
that 3000 Boers have left Pretoria and are
going to protect the southern border of
the Orange Free State. They are said to
be accompanied by a larpe contingent of
German artillery, with quick-firing gains
of heavy caliber.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPH IN WAR
NEW YORK. Nov. B.— Mr. Marconi
sailed for England to-day. He said at the
steamship pier that his assistants had
g-one to South Africa with wireless teleg
raphy apparatus, expectidg to give the
system a test In actual warfare.
CANADA'S SECOND OFFER.
| OTTAWA. Nov. B.— lx.rd Minto re.
a cablegram to-day from the ];,..
War Oflice stating that the second offer
i of troops for the Transvaal by Canada
| would not be accepted, as they were not
; required.
MUST NOT VISIT HOLLAND.
LONDON, Nov. &.— A special dispatch
i from The Hague says Dr. Leyds, diplo
matic agent for the Transvaal, 1. .
ceived intimation that his visits to Hol
land during the war must cease.
TERRIFIC EXPLOSION.
Qt'EENSTOWN, Capo Colony, Nov. 5.—
It is reported that the Eo.-rs bave blown
up the Stormburgspruit bridge, as a ter
rific explosion was heard in the direction
of tnt bridge.
UNION PACIFIC FREIGHT
WRECK IN WYOMING
Fruit Train Is Ditched and a Brake-
men Is Believed to Have Lost
His Life.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 8.-At 10
o'clock to-night an eastbound Union
Pacific, freight train loaded with dried
fruit was wrecked five miles west of here
Seven cars were piled up and 4**o feet of
track was badly damag.-d. Rear Hrakr
man Cufbertson has not been Been since
the accident, and it is believed he is
buried under the wreck.
A track 600 feet long will be built
around the wreck to accommodate traf
fic.
Deputy Sheriff Arrested,
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. B.— H H
1 rungham, Deputy Sheriff of this county
| was arrested this evening upon a charge
jof forgery. A few days ago he whs ar
| rested, upon a complaint c&arging him
I with embezzlement of funds coming into
1 his hands in his official capacity ui<
friends have made the (shortage good 7n
part at least, and it was thought the
Grand Jury might fall to find Indi nment«;
for * ay thPy brought an Indictment for
Viscount Bolingbroke Dead
LONDON. Nov. 8.-Vlsccmnt Bolin?
--bo?n e in H lB20 y &i - ° hn> ' S dead - Ho was
THE SAN FBANCIBCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1899.
CZAR RECEIVED
BY THE KAISER
Spent the Day Together
at Potsdam.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POTSDAM, Nov 8. The Czar and Czar
ina arrived here at ll o'clock to-day and
were welcomed by the Emperor and Em
press of Germany, at Wild Park station.
The most cordial greetings were ex
chai ged. Their Majesties then drove to
ew palace.
The station was gayly decorated. Among
this.' present ■ were '.unit Osten-Sacken,
the Russian EmbassadQr at Berlin; and
Prince yon Radelin, t)io Gorman Embas
sador ;it St. Petersburg. a company of
the Kaiser-Alexander regiment with band
formed the guard of honor. Immediately
after the train stopped the Emperor and
Empress of Germany advanced to the im
perial carriage from which the Czar
alighted, followed by the Czarina. I; th
the Emperors ami Empresses embraced
each other and ikisfed each other repeat
edly Emperor William then kissed the
hand of the Czarina and the Czur did the
same ■•• the Empress of Germany. Later
the Emperor heartily greeted Count Mu
ravleff, the Russian Foreign Minister.
with whom both the Emperor and Em
press conversed for some time, the Czar
meanwhile greeting Prince yon Fledelin.
After this the two Emperors passed down
the line of the guard of honor, while the
band played the Russian anthem. The
troops men marched past and the impe
rial party drove to the new palace amid
the enthusiastic cheers of the crowd
which lined the route. The luncheon at
the palace was attended exclusively by
the members of the imperial families.
There w,ll be a bis banquet this evening
and those present will include the Impe
rial party, the princess, the court dignita
ries, the. members of the Russian em
bassy. Prince Hohenlohe, Dr. yon Mlquei;
Count yon Hulow and General yon Goder,
the Minister of War
Emperor William and the Czar th's
afternoon took a walk In th< Park of Ba
Souci. The <"zar deposited a wreath in
the mausoleum of Emperor Frederick 111
and returned ti the palace in a dog cart
driven by Em] eror William.
At 6 o'clock Emperor William received
Count Muravleff in the presence of Count
yon Bulow, the audience lasting half in
hour. The grand banquet was served at
7 o'clock in the. jasper gallery. Emme
y preceding it Bmperor William
personally handed the Grand <"r<>ss of the
Red Ea unl \on ' tulow.
Their Russian .Majesties started for
hiiino from \\'i)<\ Park station at 0 o'clock
this evening after a cordial farewell. Km
peror William and the Empress accom
panying them as far as Charlottenberf-
WILL NOT ENTER THE
TELEPHONE COMBINE
Managers of Many Independent
Lines Refuse to Go Into
the Venture.
CHICAGO, Nov. B.— The Record to-mor
row will say: The first result <>f the for
mation of the Continental Telegraph and
phone Company, which has recently
Incorporated under the laws of New Jer
sey for the purpose of antagonizing the
a- terican l'.<-\] Company, has been a hard
and fast compact among leading con
trollers of Independent telephone Com
panies to preserve their Independence at
all hazards. It was said In Chicago
yesterday that the claim of the Conti
nental promoters of pledges from the mi
jori'y of the Independent companies was
absolutely unwarranted. Albert <r.
■\Vh''«l<;\ president of the Illinois Tele
graph and Telephone Company of Chl
cago, Is one of those who claims that
four-fifths uf the Independent companies
will stay out of the combination. Mr.
Wheeler Bays that not only will the Chi
cago Company refuse to join, but that
Philadelphia and some of the oth<-r larger
cities, where independent telephone
plants are already In operation, have re
fused to go in.
STEINMAN FILES SUIT
AGAINST FILLMORE
SACRAMENTO, Nov. B.— Something of
a flurry was caused here to-day by the
filing of a suit against J. A. Flllmore,
manager of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. The suit Is brought by B. U.
Steinman, formerly Mayor of Sacra
mento, and Is for the recovery of various
sums which he alleges he loaned- Fill
more, and for which he holds the railroad
official's personal notes. ~
The complaint filed in the Superior
Court alleges that on March 26, 1886, Stein
man loaned Flllmore $1500 on a note bear
ing interest at 6 per cent per annum! .'
The complaint further alleges -that
Steinman on March 11, 1895. loaded Flil
more«ssoo on a note calling for 6 per cent
interest per annum, and that again on
January 2'), 1897, ' Steinman . loaned, Fill
'more $500, calling for like interest, mak
ing in all 12500. Steinman avers in his
complaint that Fillmore'has never paid
any of the Interest on the notes, which
alone aggregate more than $1500 at this
time, and the total amount for which the
ex-Mayor sues the railroad manager 13
$4037 80. '■
SHIPWRECKED CREW
PICKED UP AT SEA
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Nov. B.— The
Italian bark Balvatore, which arrived
j here to-day from Txapial, Italy, had on
board Captain A. T. Dyer iincl the shii»-
I wrecked crew of seven men of the
schooner William E. Downes of New Ha
ven, bound from Savannah to New Haven
with lumber.
Captain Dyer reported leaving' Sayan-
I nah on October 26 and meeting a gale or
tober 30. 'i"ii. shifting of the vessel's
deckload opened the seams and that night
she was full or water with decks awash,
compelling the men to take. to ;li»j rig
! gfnp, where they lodged themselves. Fur
. four days, lashed to the rigging and ex
posed to the elements and practically
\ without food, the men passed a harrowing'
i existence. The storm rased for two days,
and in that tim<: all they had to eat was
j a few cans of condensed milk and beet.
: At the end "f tin 1 fourth day they were
i rescued by the bark Salvntnre.
Marines Arrive.
VALLiEJO, Nov. B.— The third battalion
I of marines arrived from the East Tues
day and were brought from I'ort Gosta
to Mare Island on th< Qnadilla, They im
mediately took up quarters on the Solace
! The battalion consists of 320 men and lif
| teen officers, and is en route to Cavittefor
1 shore duty.
HOAR STANDS
BY AGUINALDO
Completely Reviews the
Situation.
TIME RIPE FOR ACTION
AN AGREEMENT SHOULD BE
MADE AT ONCE.
Holds That the Government Should
Aid the Islanders in Forming
a Government to Their
Liking.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. B.— Senator George
F. Hoar of Massachusetts has contrib
uted an article on "<>ur Duty to the
Philippines" to the Independent, which
will appear to-morrow. He begins with
a review of the circumstances leading up
to the war with Spain, of which he pays:
I think it might have been averted and that
Cuba could have been liberated by peaceable
means if the counsel of Grant and Fish had
been followed and if our public men in the
Senate had remembered that they were a part
of the diplomatic power of this country and
that it was unbecoming in them to indulge bit
ter an. i stinging invectives against Spain,
whether such Invectives were Just or unjust.
But I do not feel inclined to Judge these utter
ances severely. Something, as Burke said,
must be pardoned to the spirit of liberty, and
those utterances, though in my Judgment, un
fortunate, came from brave, numane and lib
erty-loving souls.
Continuing the Senator pays that down
to January 1. 1899, the American people
and the Republican party were romrrrit
ted to the doctrine that just government
rests upon the consent of the jsroverned
and that every people has the right to
dissolve at will the political connection
thai binds it to another people. "In deal
ing with <'uha," says the writer, "we
a< ted upon those principles, but the treaty
of peace disclosed a different purpose as
to tile Philippines, the inhabitants of
which were much nearer independence
when ihe treaty of peace was Finned than
ever had been the people of Cuba."
Their leader had been brought over
to the. islands in a United States ship by
the United States authorities and was In arms
nt the he. id oi his forces, with our full con
currence an.l '"■--"eratioti. If the statement
attributed to a high official In one of our de
partments, who Is somet | called on to sit
In the Cabinet with the President, were ac
tually made, their leader had been offered by
President McKlnley the high office of colonel
In the regular army of the United State?, an
offer which Itself la a sufficient refutation of
all the charges again?! him. They had framed
a provisional constitution, a model of its kind,
and establishing a dictatorship like those es
tablished by Bolivar In South America to give
place to a republic as soon as the military
condition should make it possible.
Looking back, an any sane man doubt the
wisdom of those who desired to amend the
treaty and to deal with the Philippine Islands
as we did with Cuba: to compel Spain to re
nounce her sovereignty; to keep off all foreign
nations. and to aid tho Islanders in establishing
their own government according to their own
desires?
The Senator refers to the epithet
"traitor" and other harsh words applied
to those who voted against the peace
treaty, and ask«:
Wh'ii the President said that forcible an
nexation, according to mir American code of
. would be criminal aggression, wn» he
.1 « -.ij.n. -rh.-,id : Was he disloyal to the Bag 7
Was noi he a Republican? Was there even an
utterance so calculated to Rive courage -to
■ ,; his i eople ;is that?
As to cur future attitude toward the
Philippines, Senator Hoar writes:
The time has come to make up your minds.
If you are to declare that you do not ni;an
to subjugate them or to enslave them, that
you will act toward them on the principles
and spirit of your own declaration of Inde
pendence, the war can be ended in an hour.
The refusal to make this declaration In the
beginning brought on this war arid your re
fusal now to declare yourselves Is what Is
alone responsible /or Its continuance.
X. v we have got to nettle the question,
which the President has repeatedly declared
Is for Congress or for the people, whether we
will complete the subjection of the Filipinos;
whether we will undertake to govern them as
subjects or serfs; or whether we will aid them
to become a self-governing nation, either as
a republic as they Beem to desire, or as a
limited monarchy like Japan, or whether they
shall exist hereafter ap an absolute monarchy
after the fashion we are maintaining In power
to-day the Sultan of Kulu, with his slaves and
his harem.
Senator Hoar then writes that thlspreat
question has been discussed with a lev
ity, with an Intolerance and with an ap
peal to l"w motives and to cheap pas
rarely paralleled in political his
hlstory. A notable exception? he say?, is
Governor Roosevelt, whose lat<* address,
in which he maintains that expansl in is
th<- way to peace, was a "thoughtful and
abli argument, worthy of serioue consid
eration/ In conclusion the Senator says:
The American people, the brave and just
people, who made the Immortal declaration,
and . who maintained with life and fortune
their sacred honor, who established our won
derful constitution, to whose Monroe doctrine
Is due the freedom of the American continent
from the Rio Grande to Cape Horn, have not
changed their character or their principles In
the twinkling of an eye under the temptation
of any base motive or personal advantage, or
under the excitement of war. They are sub
ject, doubtless, as all musses of men are.
however Intelligent or however right, to great
waves of passion.
But their sober second thought Is to he
trusted. Their deliberate action will he wise
and Just. The great passions by which they
are stirred and by which their judgment IS
now cluoded are generous, noble and humane.
Reason will resume Its rightful sway and the
great republic will remain a republic still.
COURT-MARTIAL FINDINGS
NOT YET OPENED
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— The four
cases of court-martial death sentence of
boldiera in the Philippines which reached
the War Department hy yesterday's mall
arc awaiting transmission to the Secre
tary of War. The men tinder sentence
are Private Otto Conine, Corporal George
Damphoffr-r and Private Peter Bennett,
all of Company B, Sixteenth Infantry, and
Private William E. Scarborough, Com
pany B. Third Infantry. These cases will
have to go to the Secretary of War and
thrnoe to the President for approval. The
executive action cannot he forecasted,
hut It is generally understood here that
in case the sentences are not commuted
liy the President it is more than likely
that tho attorneys for the convicted men
will endeavor by technical flaws in the
proceedings* to prevent the imposition of
the extreme penalty. It is understood aliso
that General Otis' approval of the sen
i tenee was coupled with a recommenda
: tion of mercy. To make this recommen-
I dation the general would have to approve
the Bentence, as he has the right to dis
approve the sentence in toto, but not ..o
j mitigate It.
OTIS' LATEST LIST OF
KILLED AND WOUNDED
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— General Otis
has cabled from Manila the following list
of casualties not previously reported:
Hospital corps, near Angeles. Nov. 4. Geo.
C. Douglas, right arm, very severe;
Fourth Cavalry, K. William L. Butt, right
ankle, moderate; John F. Jackson, cheat,
moderate; Thirt v-slxth Infantry, at Po
rac, Not. 2 1/. Wilburn Perry, right thigh,
slight; K. August Schlnke, abdomen,
slight; I, Frank J. Gildsberry, killed in ac
tion November 3; Lieutenant c'oi.mei will
lam U. Grove, right tnigh. moderate; No
vember E Seventeenth Infantry, near Me
galag. D, Roy B. Metsinger, right thigh,
Blight; H. Clay H. Roger, right thigh,
Blight; Michael Hngerty, right forearm.
Blight; K. Jdin Hippert. left foot, slight;
George E. Burdick, left leg. moderate; Ol
iver 11. Wehes, forehead, slight.
Wright Resigns.
SAN JOSE. Nov. B.— H. Ward Wright,
ex-president of the wrecked Union Sav
ings Bank, to-day tendered' his resigna
tion as Councilman from the. Second
Ward. Wright has removed to Knelnal.
this county. Politicians are besieging
Mayor Martin in the interest of various
persons, but it is said that Elmer E.
Chase has the Inside track on the place.
Evans' Ale — Just Right.
Sparkling, mellow, mature and sound.*
TWO BOYS ATTACHED
BY A LARGE DEER
Had Only a \-\ammer to DefeQd
Themselves With, but Fought
Courageously.
SALINAS, Nov. B.— An almost unheard of ocurrence is reported near this
City. Willie Condon and Bert Lang, two boys about 10 years of age. both res
idents of this city, while out in the mountains on horseback were attacked by
a large buck deer and narrowly escaped death. Both lads' horses were gored
by the deer and badly wounded. Assistance arrived just In time to save the
boys from severe, if not fatal. Injuries. Condon and Lang rode out to the
Lang and Dorn colony In the east foothills, and while there visited vari us
canyons and other places where deer have been seen. They were not out
hunting: and consequently carried no weapons save a hammer, with which
they intended to nail some boards on a fence.
The dogs which were with thorn rustled up a large buck and drove it to
ward the boys. The animal was driven in a corner of the fence, but Instead of
jumping it. charged at the Intruders. The antlers penetrated one horse's belly.
The boy with the hammer rode up close and struck the buck. This all the
more infuriated him and as a result the stomach of the second horse was lac
erated by the deer's horns. The boys fought as courageously as possible, but
were no match for the buck. The barking of the dogs and cries from the hoys
attracted the attention of men chopping wood near by and they rushed to
their assistance. After a stubborn fight the buck was corralled and finally
shot. The lads escaped with slight injuries.
AMERICANS ARE
NOT MISTRUSTED
Cuban Sentiment Grows
More Friendly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. S.— Brigadier Gen- j
eral Ludlnw, Military Governor of
Havana, who arrived In New 1 ork liar
bor yestsrday afternoon on the steamer
Havana and was detained in quarantine, I
paid:
I am glad to say that the feeling; of Cubans
toward Americans— Whether the military repre
sentatives of the Government or others— has i
Kreatly Improved during recent months. The J
suspicion and distrust with which, perhaps, a
large number regarded Americans tor so long
a time after the military occupation was es
tablished hns given way in a great measure
to confidence and cordiality. They are con
vinced now, I think, that our purposes are
honest and friendly and limited to the or
ganization and development which are essen
tial precursors of the establishment of a stable
native government. Along with this conviction
11. >ts goes a perception of the tact that t-hese pre
limlnaries are not to be accomplished so easily
and soon as seemed to them at first. In yther .
words, they see that our conception of the task
In hand was truer than their own, and the
most influential and intelligent are now content j
to lave us work out the problem before en- j
trusting the conduct of affairs wholly to them. !
The more we do the less there will be for them
to do and the more auspiciously will the re
publlc start upon its career.
The necessity of doing our part of the work
thoroughly, so that there shall be the smallest
possible chance for a failure of self-govern
ment, makes It very difficult to say when the j
military occupation ought to end. There must, ;
ni any" rate, I should miv, be a complete or
ganization of the civil Government and an
experimental operation of it under some degree
Of military supervision before the armed regime
is terminated and the island handed over ab
solutely to Us own people.
The organizing of a civil Government is pro
ceeding prosperously throughout the cities and
towns Of the island. In many it is perfected;
in ethers it is well under way; In the rest It
Is either being undertaken or about to be.
In Havana, of course, we have had for some
months a complete municipal organization and
administration, but under military supremacy,
whi :h, however, is exercised no more than Is
deemed necessary.
Among the final preparations for the full as
sumption Of authority by the Cabana will be
the election of a constitutional assembly. The
date for that election has not been fixed, nor
have the details which must attend it been
worked out either by our Government or by
the Cuban leaders themselves. Hence I am I
unable to reply to questions touching the condi
tions under which the election will be held.
In regard to the suggestion of an educational
tt«t f.<r the electors a difficulty arises In the
fart that !>0 per cent of the population is illit
erate. It Is evident that if the new republic
is> to be a popular Government there cannot
be much of educational requirements for the
exercise of suffrage. In short, particulars re
lating to the constitutional organization of
Cuba still belong to the future.
FITZHUGH LEE ON THE
SITUATION IN CUBA
NEW YORK. Nov. B.— "The Future of
Cuba" Is a paper by Major General Kitz
hugh Lee, which will appear In the Inde
pendent to-morrow, as follows:
When will the United States evacuate Cuba?
That Is a question 1 am frequently asked, ana
I purpose it Is natural for people to suppose
I that from my peculiar facilities for observation
. In the island 1 might have some knowledge, or
at least some opinion about It.
Nevertheless, 1 have no such knowledge and
no such opinion. With the very best of will
on the part of our Government, j. desire to keep
its pledges and leave the inhabitants of Cuba
to enjoy their Independence In their own way,
there are many difficulties in the way of with
drawal, and whether or not we hare In the last
six months made progress toward the end I am'
unable to Fay.
Vet I can- say that during the last six months
crime has decreased, .'Hi 1 p. -ace and prosperity
are spreading or reviving In a great measure.
This, however, seems attributable to the pres
ence of the United States troops, whom the
' property-holders and chief men Insist must
! stay. The Cubans themselves seem to be very
much divided In opinion as to what ought to be
done. Some want an Independent republic Im
mediately. Others insist that Cuba shall be an
nexed to the United States, and great num
bers of others seem to have no positive opin
ions concerning the path their country should
pursue. There is, of course, on the part of a
majority a lack of understanding of the diffi
culties of self-government.
At present the census In being taken In Cuba,
and for the first time- we shall have an accu
rate and reliable enumeration. When that has
been finished the experiment of free govern
ment by Cubans for Cubans will. I believe, be
tried. Precisely In what locality or in what
form I do not know. That is a matter for our
Government to decide, and I have obtnlned no
Information of Its intentions In the matter.
If it Is found that the Cubans can organize
I and maintain a government in their island that
will protect life a.nd property, undoubtedly we
shall withdraw and allow them to go their way
along the path of independence, accompanied
by nothing more embarrassing than our very
best wishes.
But at present all Is tentative, all attempts
at government are merely experimental, and
not being a prophet, I am unable to say what
the future holds for the Pearl of the Antilles.
I sincerely hope that It Is happiness and pros
perity In their greatest abundance and In high
| est form. -' ______________
GREETING FROM THE
GOVERNMENT OF NEGROS
WASHINGTON. Nov. B.— The following
cablegram has been received at the War
Department:
"MANILA. Nov. 7.— The following re
ceived from Negros. dated to-day: 'To
the President of the I'nited States: The
civil governor, councilors, judges and
secretaries who constitute the new gov
ernment of this island in taking posses
sion thereof thlfl day have the high honor
of affectionately saluting your Excellency
and trust that in the inauguration of this
form of government, based upon the lib
eral and democratic, institutions which
have made that great republic so grand
and prosperous, a new era will open
up to this region which will enable it to
reach the legitimate gonl of its inspira
tion. MENECIO SEVERILO.' "
GENERAL MACARTHUR
OCCUPIES MABALACAT
MANILA, Nov. B.— General MaeArthur
has occupied Mabalacat. His entire com
mand, including the Twelfth. Seventeenth
and the Nineteenth Infantry and part of
the Fourth Cavalry, is extended three
miles in front of Angeles In a good tacti
cal position. Major Bell took Mabalacat.
Being ordered to reconnoiter yesterday
he located the enemy and pushed into the
town, driving out two companies of in
surgents and killing several Filipino offi
cers. The Americans suffered no loss.
Passed a Favorable Day.
PATERSON, N. J., Nov. B.— Vice Presi
dent Ilobart passed a favorable day
There was no change in his condition
whatever «nd consequently the attending
physicians did not issue any bulletins.
DEW GETS HIS
LICENSE TO WED
Admiral May Be Married
To- Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Nov. S.— A marriage
license was to-day Issued to George
Dewey and Mrs. Mildred Hazen. The ap
plication for thf> license was made by
Lieutenant Harry H. Caldwell, V. S. N.,
Admiral Dewey's secretary, in person.
The Information given the clerk and
j set forth in the license is that Admiral
Dewey is 61 years of age and his bride
elect 43; that both are citizens of the
I'nited States, and that In the case of
each there was one former marriage.
Tm these statements Lieutenant Caldwell
was required to make oath.
The Tost to-mnrrow will say: "Admiral
Dewey and Mrs. Mildred Hazen will prob
ably be married to-aky. No announce
ment has been made, but the necessary
i license was procured yesterday and ar
j rangements for the wedding, which will
be attended only by members of the two
I families, are complete. The ceremony, it
!is understood, will take place at the
residence of Mrs. Washington McLean,
Mrs. Hazcn'B mother, 3705 X street. The
hour of the ceremony depends, it is said,
upon the return of John R. McLean. Mrs.
Hazen's brother, from Ohio. He is ex
pected in Washington some time to-day.
The required dispensation for the cere
mony to take place elsewhere than in a
church was procured yesterday, and it is
asserted that Cardinal Gibbons will be
; here to officiate."
CAPTAIN SCHEEPSMA
A VICTIM OF DYSENTERY
Contracted the Disease While His
Vessel Was Lying at a
Chinese Port.
ASTORTA, Or.. Nov. S. — Captain
Scheepsma of the German ship Adolf
died at St. Mary's Hospital late last
night, of Infectious dysentery, which he
contracted while the vessel was lying at
a Chinese port. When the Adolf arrived
here Captain Scheepsma was at the point
of dfat'i. but he rallied and it *vu.->
thought he would recover. Last night,
however, a relapse set In and the cap
tain became unconscious, from which
state he never recovered.
The death of Captain Scheepsma is par
ticularly sad. us only a few days ago a
cablegram was received here announcing
the death of his wife at their home in
Emden, Germany. The news of the death
ol Mrs. Scheepsma was kept from the
captain for fear it might affect his condi
tion, and he died ignorant of her demise.
Deceased was BG years of ape and was
known in nearly every port In the world.
Three daughters survive him.
Sunday School Institute.
SANTA PRT'Z. Nov. B.— The County
Sunday School Institute to-day listened to
interesting addresses and papers relative
to the work. A Question box was con
ducted by Q. S. Bingham, a constitution
adopted and F. I>. Heath elected presi
dent. Mr?. H. A. Hyde secretary and Mrs.
McCormlck treasurer. Tn the evening
Rev. D. S. Ward, Baptist State mission
ary, delivered an address.
Farmers' Institute.
PETALUMA. Nov. S.— A meeting of the
Farmers' Institute was lield here this
afternoon. Professor TVoodworth of the
State University, Professor Fowler and
J. H. Taylor of Napa lectured on the
State and purpose of husbandry.
i IMPORTANT TO MEN j
I llfll vll 1 All 1 11/ IUJJIii j
9 c
• DR. MEYERS & CO. are ever the friends of unfortunate men. Suf- Q
• ferers can consult these eminent specialists without cost, and need not •
? pay until they are entirely well. Every member of the staff of DR. 5
2, MEYERS & CO. has made a life-long study of all weakness and dis- <;
9 eases of men. Their remedies' are the purest, best and most effective, 4
8 but never harmful. Their methods and appliances have no equal; their C
© institution is the largest and their practic* the most extensive. C
• 4)
9 m
9 If you are suffering with lost manhood (partial or complete) nerv- X
9 ous debility in any of its various forms, a private disease, or any other S
9 ailment, why not place yourself in the hands of DR. MEYERS & CO.? A
9 They can make you well and strong as quickly as is consistent with a A
9 permanent cure, and on terms and at prices that are within reach of «
9 your means. ~f
• HOME CURES-FREE BOOK, %
• DR. MEYERS can cure you at home. Although it is preferable to q
• see the patient in many instances, it is not always necessary. If you n
9 cannot call, write for private book, diagnosis sheet, free advice, prices q
• and other particulars. Correspondence solicited. All letters confidential, m
9 No printing on envelopes or packages to indicate name of sender. Cures «
© sent by mail or express free from observation to any address. 8
9 I— —ll MM ■ A
j DR. MEYERS & CO. 1
' €5
I A STAFF OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED 18 YEARS. 1
• 731 Market Street j elevator d^:° 9 s t0 Di ; 1 1 1 . y - 1
J ■•■■■ CJ X SAN FRANCISCO. | ENTRANCE. Teni°nßS-7 to 8. t
BOOMING THE
VALLEY TOWNS
Enthusiastic Meeting at
Visalia.
ORGANIZATION- PERFECTED
P. A. BUELL IS ELECTED TEMPO-
RARY CHAIRMAN.
Meetings Will Be Held Quarterly and
the Delegates Must Be Chosen
From the County Organi-
zatious.
Special Dispatch to The Cnll.
VISALIA, Nov. B.— Representatives from
all the important towns of the San Joa
quin Valley met in this city to-day to con
sider the advisability of organizing asso
ciations to promote the Interests of this
valley. H I rted action
has been taken. The following towns and
cities senl delegates: Stockton, Modesto,
Dlnuba, Men ed, Madera, Fresno, Hen
ford, Qakersfield, Reedley, Portervllle,
Orosi and Tulare. Besides these there were
twenty-five delegates from the Visalia
Board of Ti
The convention was called to order at
1:30 by Susman Mitchell of thia city. He
stated the ■ the meeting and In
troduced E. < . Farnsworth, who ma<;j
an eloquent addi ■ icome. He told
nt all tbe undeveloped resources of the
San Joaquin Valley, how great its area,
how high Its n how deep its
canyons, how tall Its trees, how fair its
women. H< ■•■ I the object of the
convention and pl< dged Tulare County's
support to the proposition to make known
to the world the possibilities of this val
ley. On motion a i ommittee on organi
zation consisting of one delegate from
each county represented was appointed
as follows:
Merced, J. M. Davis; Fresno, E. F.
Bernhard; Stanislaus, L. L. Dennett;
Kern, S. C. Smith; San Joaquin, P. A.
Buell; Kings, S. C. Biddle; Tulare, A. J.
Pillsbury; .Madera, J. M. Griffin.
The committee was dismissed with in
structions to report in thirty mi'
The committee's report provided that an
association be formed to be known as
the San Joaquin Valley Commercial Asso
,. its object being to further the
agricultural, mineral and other interests
of the entire valley; that the associatinu
be composed of commercial bodies from
the following counties: San Joaquin,
Stanislaus, Merced, Fresno, Kings, Tu
lare, K»'rn Calaveras, Tuolumne, Ama
dor and Mariposa. Meetings are to be
held quarterly, each time in a different
county. The report of the committee was
unanimously adopted. I. A. Buell of
Stockton was elected temporary chairman
by acclamation. A secretary was also
elected. Tlv- following vice presidents
were chosen: G rley, Stanislaus;
B. C. Smith, Kern; A. J. Pillsbury, Tu
lare ■ K. Roberts. .Madera: S. E. Biddle,
Kings; T. C. Law. Merced; S. F. Booth.
Fresno; O. S. Henderson. San Joaquin.
In response to questions the president
stated to the members that the delegates
must be selected from county Boai
Trade or similar organizations. I
county would have six representatives.
In case of more than one county organi
zation the representatives would b<
vided equally among them. In case the
county had no organization it would have
no representation in the present body.
J. C. Moss of the Santa Fe Railroad
Company and S. F. Booth of the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company announced
themselves in hearty accord with the ob
jects of the association and sal<
would be pleased to consider any proposi
tion that might be made to advertise
Joaquin Valley throughout the nation.
Major Berry made a speech ,-isking the
association to take up the matter of
making better county roads.
J. Falrwtather of Reedley said the asso
ciation should take immediate steps to
secure a. better water supply for irrtgnt
ing purposes.
The hall where the convention met was
grandly decorated with roses and ehris
anthemums, while heaps of oranges,
apples, quinces, grapes and pomegranates
were scattered about the stage. Each del
egate was given a souvenir of a box of
Tulare County prunes. On the stage of
the hall also were immense pumpkins
three feet in diameter and cornstalks
fifteen feet high, all home-grown. The
evening session of the convention was
held at 7 o'clock, after which there was a
big Spanish banquet at the Palace Hotel.
The delegates were given a royal welcome
by Visalia and it is believed the associa
tion will accomplish great results for San
Joaquin Valley.
The next meeting will be held at Fresno
November 2">.
Olympia Out of Commission.
BOSTON. Nov. B.— Admiral Dewey's
flagship Olympia went out of commis
sion at the Charlestown navy-yard to-day.
AH officers and the crew were assembled
on the quarterdeck, where Captain Lam
berton bade them good-by. Retreat wu3
sounded while the flag was being hauled
down, and this ended the cruise of the
famous vessel. A board of survey will
now make inspection of her and report
to the Navy Department what repairs
are necessary. Captain I.amberton gees
to Washington to await orders.JURY FINDS
SUISSER GUILTY
Appeal for Mercy to the
Court.
CITIZENS ARE SATISFIED
SENTENCE WILL BE PASSED ON
NEXT MONDAY.
Slayer of Sheriff Farley Showed No
Sign of Concern When the
Verdict of the Jury Was
Bead.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
SALINAS, Nov. B.— The Jury In the case
cf Ge er, charged with the mur
der- of SI "ley. this morning
brought In a verdict of guilty.
The general opinion in the city is that
Sulsser is t!:e most hard-hearted wretch
that ever U tnterey County. This
faot . tinually asserted, but
this :: • 'early demonstrated
by ti sassin acted between
the time the verdict of the jury was being
intil h<> was locked in his cell.
I se listened to testi
mony iment for eight days, and
I erda aft* moon until
.'liberated. On the
j stood ten to two.
Durii ght one of the minority
Ital punishment and this
agreed to murder in
the first degree, but asked the mercy of
irt.
Parity's relatives were all In court be-
When tho verdict was
arrived at Suisser was brought in. Upon
entering he greeted his attorneys cheer
fully, took his B< - tho jurors liled
la was seen to look directly at the F
and eneer. The rest of the time he as
sumed a nonchalent air, looked at the
anxious faces of the scores of people in
the courtroom and seamed highly ai
at their anxiety. When the verdiot was
read Sulsser never flinched. He walked
out of the courtroom stoically. Just as
lie left the courtroom and heard the ex
clam, satisfied friends cf the de
• ceased Sheriff he turned fearlessly and In
true I ■ io style exclaimed, "Well,
are you satisfied?" Taking papers and
tobacco out of his packet, Suisser pro
ceeded to roll a cigarette and. en route
downstairs to the Sheriff's office, asked
for a match.
Judge Dorn set Monday, November 20,
as the time for the sentencing of Suisser.
The expression of anxiety which has
beeen seen on the faces of all citizens of
Salinas, c die the jury was out
fo long, has now changed to one of gen
eral satisfaction in tho whole community.
SHIPWRIGHTS ARE STILL
OUT AT MARE ISLAND
A General Misunderstanding Regard
ing the Authority 'to Make the
Proposed Compromise.
VALI_EJO, Nov. 8.— The shipwrights
<.!■<_ not go to work this morning as ex
pected. Tuesday afternoon Admiral
Kempff, the commandant, sent word to
the workmen that he desired them to send
a representative committee to his office
this morning, as he desired to hold an in
terview with them. President Rutan ap
pointed a committee which called upon
him. The officer said he desired to know
•officially If they had agreed to go back
to work again if permitted.
The committee informed him that they
would with tho understanding that the
terms of Constructor Hibbs be carried
out. The commandant informed them the
matter of allowing them to return to work
• was not within his power until he should
receive instructions from tha Secretary of
the Navy. He had not been able to send
the Secretary word that the shipwrights
■n-cret willing' to return to work and re
lieve the Government of its present em
barrassment by finishing the Hartford,
because previous to the visit of the com
mittee he had no official knowledge that
they would do so. He stated he would
telegraph the facts immediately to the
WANTED FOR A MURDER
COMMITTED YEARS AGO
Detectives Capture Joe McArthur, an
Oregon Assassin, in the
Black Hills.
OMAHA, Neb.. Nov. B.— A special to the
Bee from Lead, 8. D., says: Two deteo
tlves from Oregon to-day arrested a
minor named Joe McArthur, who has
lived for fourteen years on Little Spear
Fish Creok, northeast of this city. His
arrest is for an alleged triple murder in
Oregon twenty-four years ago.
McArthui riisided on a farm in the
southern part of Canada, and, while re-
Fisting arrest. 13 said to have shot and
killed, an officer. He escaped and hired
out to an Oregon farmer. Shortly
after this . it is alleged, he got Into
a dispute with his employer and shot him
dead, also killing the farmer's wife and
live-year-old boy. McArthur again es
caped and lied to the Black Hills, where
he has since resided.
The detectives leave hero to-morrow
with their prisoner for Oregon, which
State has offered $10.i»0 for his capture.
r>«»ftth of an Aeed Priest
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. B.— Mgr. Nich
olas Cantwell, vicar general and rector of
the Church St. Philipe de Neri, died to
day at the age of 87 years. He was the
priest In the State. For forty-eight
■ ho was identitied with St. Phlllp'a
rch.
MRS. WEIR
TELLS OF COMFORT
/FTv that three.
( X! doses of
/£y'\ Hudyan
/fcS>»V brought her.
8 Sl^V i 8 Denver.
_ W?^£}-' _ Colo.
7~ f~ 7- Dear Doc-
*%- - -Q tore:
° fci-r Hudyan
Jp"-vs;i cured me of
• /■■'•'3<k:4 Nervous
%'»-m«"i Prostration.
: Vft.'-iy^i '.!' . which was:
P;^,M4 complicated
&i>t'i wuh indi -
(*', '-.'-. rJst-iS &.*X 1 feetion and
Mmm^ P .„ Female
'; ■;*&mU ■£ Weakn ess.
? «vy'» ■ \ Dl& taken I but
-• ;^, taken but
i %i^'!?y\o\ \\z^r^£?, three doses
W&gS&s. I was re-
's&&sgn I \P^ lieved of ail
pain. and
,'t from that
Tzz^,l'\\\) fI'MIWW * regained my
.^^*"/;;\V-.\% hi Ij X i~ health rap-
; 91m" ' d ' y - J n
'(•'•'."A "/■Mf4 three weeks'
ii- \v / *llm time Hud -
t^ \\ 7/ I'M^fsA -- yan has re-
I'"- '* // /;Z=SR^ _■? tored me to
i<'\ V m--*?WSg& perfect
Jl\:'^\ 'W^MmM -tilth. My
N^ : ~-rJr-:-H—^i strength and
KWvisiSMfrS a pp etit « are :
/vt^i^ ---'f&^x .-.- restored and
/iM^^Zak?f>\^y^£ lam well in
*H . '^^_. "' every re-
snect.
MRS. T. L. WEIR.
Hudj-an currs Nervousness, Dyspepsia,
C'lftiveness. Weakness. Paleness. .Emacl-
a'.lon, Dizziness. Nausea, Weak Back,
Loss of Appetite. Palpitation of Heart.
l>f-spondency. Clouded Memory, Lack of ;
Energy. All-gone Feeling. Hudyan re-
lieves all pains v" .:.
In women, Hudyan cures nil uterine and
ovarian troubles. Leucorrhoea, painful
and irr^pular periods.
Tho figures indicate the weak points
when tho nerves are letting down. Hud-
van cures.
. Hudvan— all druggists— r,oc a package, j
Fix pooknrres $2 50. If your druggist does
not keep it. send direct to Hudyan Rem-
edy Co., Cor. Stockton. Ellis arid Market
Sts., San Frnncisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
YOUR CASE-FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL OR WRITE.
REPUBLICAN GAINS CONSIDERED
AN ADMINISTRATION VICTORY
President and Cabinet Officials Are Highly Gratified Over the
Result in Eastern States.
Evidence That the Sun of Bryanism Is Setting, and That the Latter-Day Democracy
Is Gradually Losing Ground Even in Sections Which Have Been
Regarded as Its Strongholds.
PAUL, OFFICE, WELLINGTON HO
TEL. WASHINGTON. Nov. B.—
L Administration officials declare
TEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. B.—
Administration officials declare
that President McKinley's perma
nent retention of the Philippine Is
lands and the gold standard were
i emphatically indorsed by the elections yes
terday. No official Is more delighted than
!is the President. Since his return to the
White House this afternoon he has been
showered with congratulations from all
j parts of the country, one of the most
| Scant telegrams being from Senator
I Foraker, who now stands squarely with
i the administration forces.
Mr. McKinley from the beginning of the
j contest never wavered in his confidence
of Ohio giving a large Republican ma
jority, and his predictions, which were
! regarded us extravagant before the elec
; tion, have been strikingly verified. He
said to some of his callers to-day that
I considering all circumstances he regarded
I the result of the election in Ohio as the
greatest Republican victory in the his
tory of the State. Friends of the Presi
dent say the anti-expansionists can get
little satisfaction from the returns. They
I point out that in every part of the coun
| try where local issues and factional quar
rels did not enter into the campaign and
j where the fight was made squarely on
expansion and other national Issues
heavy Republican gains are reported.
This is nowhere more noticeable than in
lowa, where expansion was the principal
issue.
Administration officials declare that In
i Ohio it was the strength of the expansion
issue among the farmers that held the
State in line for the President. Had Mr.
I Nash done no better in the country pre
cincts than Mr. McKinley did when he
ran for President in 1890, they say he
would have lost the State. |
' Administration officials are not disposed
, to attach great importance to the Repub
; lican reverse in Maryland, because they
say the disaster was Invited by factional
lights in the party. The Republicans get
' some satisfaction out of the fact that Mr.
Smith and Mr. Raynor, the successful
. candidates for Governor and Attorney
I General, are uncompromising gold Demo
-1 crats, so that Maryland cannot be said
to have indorsed Bryanism. Nebraska's
vote is believed to insure- Bryan's renom
! ination next year, notwithstanding the de
sire of many Democratic leaders to be rid
1 of him.
There has been much speculation in
' Washington on the effect of the over
throw of the Republicans in Cleveland,
Senator Hanna's home, and upon the Sen
ator's future relations with the adminis
• tration and the Republican campaign
I committee. Mr. Jones' success there is
' generally assumed to be a severe blow at
i the prestige of the Senator, and predic
: tions are freely made that it will force
; him to give up the leadership of the
: party, but one official contended that no
i such conclusion should be drawn.
The election of Taylor as Governor of
i Kentucky is regarded as making: that
j State debatable ground in the Presidential
election next year. The animosities en
; gendered by the campaign. It is thought,
I will hardly be entirely healed by next
I year, and with Bryan making the race on
| a free coinage platform the Republicans
: can give the Democrats a hard fight.
Secretary of the Treasury Gage, com
! menting on the elections, emphasised the
indorsement they gave to sound money.
He sent a telegram to Governor Shaw of
lowa congratulating him upon the in
creased sound money majority in that
State upon a platform declaring for the
gold standard.
"I was especially pleased by the result
■ In lowa," Secretary Gage said, "because
1 the Democratic leaders were predicting
' heavy gains there and were insisting that
j the German voters were more opposed to
the policy of the President in the Pacific
than they were to free silver. The result
seems to show that whatever their opin
ions were on our policy in the East they
i realized the paramount importance of put
| ting the country on a sound monetary
basis."
Secretary Hay, Attorney General Grigg3
! and Secretary Wilson all expressed sat
i isfaction with the result.
OHIO PLURALITY GROWS.
Republicans Have Fifty Thousand
Votes to the Good.
COI/T7MBUB, Ohio, Nov. B.— The statis
ticians at the Republican headquarters
have been busy all day and night en
oeavoring to secure some accurate figures
on the plurality of Judge Nash, the Re
| publican candidate for Governor, and to
i night an unofficial table of pluralities by
i counties *as completed. This shows that
In fifty-seven counties Nash has 51, 399
over McLean, and in thirty-one counties
McLean has 34,035 over Nash. This gives
Nash over McLean in the State £0,364. It
I is not believed the otlicial returns will
' make any important changes in the
figures. No figures are available on the
total vote of the State, as the committee
I sought to obtain only pluralities. Not
; v.itiiPtnn.ling efforts were made to get
I the vote for Jones, returns have been ob
i talnr-d from oniy forty of the elghry
-1 eight counties. These include the
i counties in which the heaviest Jones vote
! was polled, and shnw a total f 84.000.
The remaining counties will swell the
Jones vote to 100,000.
The Republican il purrs on the Legls
lature are: House Republicans, 61;
• Democrats, 43. doubtful, ;',. Senate — Re-
I publicans, IS; Democrats 11; doubtful 2.
CINCINNATI, Nov. B.— Unofficial re
| turns have been received by the Western
I Union Telegraph Company from all
counties in Ohio, with a few scattering
precincts estimated. Th< • give
Nash (H.) for Governor a plurality of
49,205. The reports in most cases give
I only the pluralities, and hence it ha
I been possible to give the total vote of
i the cai
Jones' vote, however, hap been reported
from forty-seven counties, Including
Cuyahoga. Hamilton and Summit, where
; the largest vote for him whs cast l\
shows a total in forty-seven <•<> unties of
CINCINNATI, Nov. 8. -The follow'ng
nquirer'a official figurea of the
vote in Hamilton County: McLean 38,319
Nash 3*.7<:i. McLean's plurality, 1076
Jones' vote, 12,376; scattering, 32A. Total
TOLEDO, Nov. B.— Lucas County com
plete gives Jones for Governor 1311 plur
ality over Nash.
NO DOUBT AS TO KENTUCKY.
Taylor's Plurality Estimated Rt
About Eight Thousand.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Nov. B.— No matter
what result the face of the returns of
yesterday's election shows a contest Is
very likely to occur. Additional returns
received to-day and to-night continue v,
Show Republican pains, and, basing an
estimate upon the normal complexion of
the precincts still unreported, indicate a
p] trallty of 6000 to BOOT for W. B. Taylor
for Governor. The belated returns are
mostly from mountain counties, which
ar< strongly Republican. The Eleventh
District, which In W> save McKinley a
plurality of 19,000, i - only about half ie
j orie<] Eleven out of nineteen counties
In this district give Taylor pluralities ag
gregatins; 12,062, indicating that the R.
,ms have carried the district by
about the s.-ime figures as in 1886.
The Goebel people cling to their claim
of a plurality of 5000 In the State, thesn
figures being the estimate made by tho
nominee himself to-night.
At Republican headquarters in this dtjr
Taylor's plurality Is placed at 8000. In
neither case Is it possible to get the fig
ures upon which the claim is based, each
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1899.
Bide evidently fearing that giving pub
licity to the reports of its agents through
out the State might work to the advan
tage of its opponent in the event of a
contest.
Almost complete returns from Louisville
and Jefferson County do not change last
I night's estimate of a Republican plural
i ity of a little over 3000. Governor Brad
: ley is still In the city and announces that
he will remain here for several days.
In view of the probability of a contest
1 over the vote for Governor, this state
ment made by Chairman Long of the Re
i publican State Campaign Committee, at
11 o'clock to-night, is significant. Said
Mr. Long: ;"■'.
"The Legislature is close, but I think
we have lost both houses. From semi-of
ficial returns from all counties except
twelve and careful estimates from these
we have carried the State by 8000 plurality
for Taylor."
In the event of a contest it will come
before the Legislature. This is the case
only with the offices of Governor and
Lieutenant Governor. The law covering
this point provides that a board for de
termining a contest for Governor shall
be chosen in the Legislature by lot, the
Senate selecting three and the House
eight members. The decision of this board
is not final nor conclusive. It must re
port to the General Assembly, where fur
ther action may be taken.
To-night's developments bring the Leg
islature into prominence because of the
probability that it will ultimately have
to determine who is to be the next Gov
ernor of Kentucky. In all expressions
upon the result of the election coming
from Democratic headquarters, the Leg
islature has been claimed as safe for that
party. No statement of its make-up has
been given, but it is probable a number
of members claimed by the Democrats
are not Goebel men. If the strength of
the two great parties is nearly equal
these anti-Goebel Democrats probably
would hold the balance of power, thus
furnishing all the elements for a repeti
tion of the bitter contest of 1597, which re
sulted in the defeat of Blackburn for the
United States Senate. While the returns
on the head of the ticket are incomplete,
but little attention has been paid to the
figures on members of the Legislature,
and until the contest between leaders is
cleared up somewhat, it will be hard to
get an accurate estimate of the relative
strength of the parties in the Assembly.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Nov. B.— Senator
Goebel arrived here at 8 o'clock to-night
and was met at the train by a crowd of
1500 enthusiastic admirers. From the bal
cony of the Capitol Hotel, where his head
quarters Is located, Mr. Goebel made a
speech, in which he said:
"I believe I have been elected; in fact,
I know I have. I see that my friend.
General Taylor, says he will assume the
office of Governor. All I have to say is
that If I have been elected, as I believe,
1 will be inaugurated in spite of the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad and
Bradley bayonets." •--','■*
Ex-Senator Blackburn also spoke,
claiming- Goebel's election by a slender
majority and calling on the people to see
to It mat he be seated.
CINCINNATI, Nov. B.— The following
is the Enquirer's estimate of the political
composition of the next Legislature in,
Kentucky. It is made from the best re
turns obtainable at the present time. The
figures are:
Senate— Democrats, 10 Republicans,
2 Populists. Total, 38.
House— 37 Democrats, 40 Republicans, 3
Populists. Total, 100.
This gives the Democrats in the General
Assembly a majority of thirty-three votes
on joint ballot, exclusive of the five Popu
lists.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Nov. B.— Chairman
Blackburn of the Democratic State Cam
paign Committee, at midnight, gave the
following figures of the complexion of
the next Legislature: Senate—Demo
crats 27, Republicans 11. House—Demo
crats 55, Republicans 45; with chance of
58 to 42.
GAINS IN NEW YORK.
Republican Legislative Majority In-
creased by Twelve Members.
NEW York. Nov. B.— Returns received
from up the State increase the Republi
can Assembly membership to 93. against
57 Democrats, a Republican gain of 12.
In New York County the largest Tam
many plurality was that of the candidate
for surrogate, Abner C. Thomas, 55,670.
He was formerly a Henry George leader.
Ex-Justice Joseph F. Daly, fusion candi
date for Supreme Judge, who was ex
pected to get many Democratic votes, did
not head the poll for his ticket. The in
ndent labor vote, as indicated by the
vote for John S. Crosby for Supreme
i judge, was 6700, or 3000 less than the So
' cialist vote. The Tammany pluralities In
| the several counties are about normal,
the gains of Assemblymen In this city be
ing due largely to combinations with
Citizens' Union and Labor Union men
against Republican candidates.
Richard Croker to-day again expressed
his regret that the Democrats up the
State "had no organization," and although
he did not say so, it is inferred that Tam
many hopes to organize the whole State
! for the campaign of 1900. Mr. Croker
pointed to Nebraska as an illustration of
what energetic work will do, and declared
that the Democrats could carry New
York State in 1900.
Senator I'latt and Assemblyman Mazet
to-day denied interviews in which they
were credited with saying that Assembly
man Stewart's seat would surely be con
tested. They said that a contest would
! be adopted only In case convincing proof
of fraud were discovered.
LOUISVILLE. Nov. B.— Returns re
ceived by the Courier-Journal up to 1 : -;0
a. m. give Goebel a plurality of 2070 votes.
These figures are based on returns from
lOJfl out of 1863 precincts. Of the 72 miss
ing precincts 20 are In the Republican
] Eleventh District, 7 are In Republican
1 counties of the Tenth District and 31 aro
in Democratic counties of the Tenth Dls
; trict.
MARYLAND ESTIMATES.
Factional Strife Responsible for the
Republican Reverse.
BALTIMORE, Nov. B.— Unofficial re
turns from Baltimore City and all the
counties of the State show that the Dem
ocrats swept practically everything be
fore them In yesterday's contest. John
Walter Smith, Dr. Joshua Herring and
isidor Raynor, their candidates for Gov
ernor. Comptroller and Attorney General,
respectively, were elected over the Re
publican candidates by approximately
11.300 majority. The oflicial count, it is
thought, will not materially change ihese
tigures.
i The Democrats elected eleven State Sen
ators for four-year terms, which, with
their four hold-overs, will give them tir
t^<-n out of v total membership of twenty
six in the upper house of the General As-
Bembljr. In the lower house, composed of
, ninety-one members, the Democrats elec't
i ed sixty-six, while the Republicans will
; have only twi:iity-five delegates in the
legislature to meet in January of next
year.
In Baltimore City the Democrats elected
a Judge of the Court of Appeals, Clerk of
I the City Court, Sheriff. State Attorney,
ray Surveyor and three Judges of the
Orphans' Court. The plurality In Balti
more City of all the Democratic candi
dates runs close up to those of the leaden
on the ticket, while in the counties local
prejudices cut down the majorities of the
successful candidates for local offices.
Many theories nave been advanced a*
to the cause of the Democratic landslide,
but a careful analysis shows that the
Democratic independent voter supported
Colonel Smith, while many disgruntled
Republicans either remained away from
the polls or cast their ballot for the Dem
ocratic candidates.
A special election in the First Congre*
sional District will be made necessary by
the success of Colonel Smith as a candi
date for Governor.
BRYAN'S NEBRASKA VICTORY.
Fusion Majority Will Be at Least
Twelve Thousand.
LINCOLN, Nehr., Nov. S.— Complete re
turns coming in to-night do not materially
change the early estimates of the result
of yesterday's election. The fusionista
carry the State by 12,000. perhaps more,
on the face of returns from nearly half
the counties. They elected William
Neville to Congress over Moses P. Kln
kaid in the Sixth District, but by a re
duced maioriiy, and gain slightly in judi
cial districts. Chairman Edmiston of tho
Fusion State Central Committee insists
that S. A. Holcomb is elected Judge of
the Supreme Court by 15.000, probably
more The Republican Committee gave
up the fight and quit counting early this
morning.
\V J Bryan said he had nothing fur
ther to add to his comment of last night
that the fusion victory in Nebraska was a
rebuke to the national administration. He
refused to discuss the result in other
States. Mr. Bryan received many tele
grams of congratulations from all parts
of the United States.
There was an Informal jollification
meeting in the Populists' State hendquar
ters this afternoon. Chairman Edmiston
was kept busy at the long-distance tele
phone receiving returns and answering
inquiries. The fusionists are arranging
for a State ratification at the Capitol
grounds Frldav night.
MASSACHUSETTS COMPLETE.
Democrats Make a Slight Gain in the
Legislature.
BOSTON. Nov. B.— While the entire Re
publican State ticket was elected yester
day the Democrats are jubilant over the
party victory In Boston. The figures for
the State are: Crane (Ft.). 165.576; Paine
(D.)i 103.514: Republican plurality, 6.1.062.
The plurality or Governor Woleott over
Candidate Bruce last year was 83.136.
In the Senate th< Democrats have nine
members, a gain of two. which means the
ability to demand a roll call, a parlia
mentary advantage no 1 within Democrat
ic means for some years. The Senate will
stand: Republicans, 31: Democrats. 9.
The House will stand: Republicans, 166;
Democrat ß, 70: Socialist Democrats, 2; In
dependents. - The Republicans have lost
one Representative and the Democrats
have made a net gain of four, while the
Socialists hold their own.
IOWA BREAKS A RECORD.
Republican Majority on Governor
Largest in the State's History.
T'!".S MOINES, Nov. S. -Returns from
ninety <>f the ninety-nine counties of the
State, with estimates on the others, show
that the Republican claim of 60,000 plural
ity for Governor Shaw is easily main
tained. His majority over all candidates
for Governor la estimated at 48,000, which
Is tho largest in the history of the State
on the gubernatorial vote. Based on the
vote of IS:<S, the vote this year shows a
Republican increase of about 3 per cent
ami 10 per cent for the Democrats, which
makes the entire Republican vote in th<?
neighborhood of 230,000 and the total Dem
ocratic vote 190,000. But this is a falling
off from the vote of 1597 of about 6 and 10 I
per cent, respectively.
The Legislature will stand: Senate, 35
Republicans and 15 Democrats; the House,
83 Republicans and 17 Democrats, a gain
of seventeen votes on joint ballot for the
Republicans. P.oth the Gear and the
Cummins forces claim a majority of the
Republican votes for the United States !
Senatorshlp.
WANTED HOBART TO VOTE.
Election Officials Were Willing to
Move the Polls to His House.
PATERSON, N. J.. Nov. S.— Vice Presi
dent Hobart lives in the Third District,
Fourth Ward. For years It has been his
custom to tender to the judges and clerks
and those Interested immediately in the
election, a dinner at the noon hour. Yes
terday when the judges, clerks and
watchers learned that the Vice President
had expressed ;i wish to cast a ballot as
usual, it was suggested that for a brief
period of time theymight remov the poll
ing place to the Hobart residence. The
election officials, both Democratic and
Republican, were perfectly willing to
adopt the suggestion, but it was found
upon investigation that an arrangement
of this sort would be illegal, and that the
entire election in this particular precinct
might be Invalidated. Consequently It
was regretfully abandoned.
SOUTH DAKOTA RETURNS.
Pickerel State Back in the Republican
Fold by a Big Majority.
ST. PAT'I.. Minn., Nov. S.-A Sioux Falls
(S. D.) special to the Pioneer Press says:
Additional reports received this evening
from points in the State make but little
change in the Republican majority. In
creasing it from 3SS4 to 4075. Part of this
increase is shown in Bonhomme County,
where the early estimates gave the Re
publican nominees 167 majority. Ten pre
cincts in that county increase this to .'?2t>,
and the county complete will show a still
further increase. The fusionists carried
I'nion County by 106 majority. Julian
Bennett, fusion candidate for the State
bench, carried his judicial district, nomi
nally Republican, by about 900 majority,
a testimonial to his personal popularity.
McKINLEY PLEASED.
JElesult of the Elections Gratifying to
the President.
WASHINGTON, Nov. S.-The President
and Mrs. McKlnley reached 'Washington
ut 1 o'clock. Secretary Porter met the
President ;it the station and pave him
several telegrams containing late election
returns. The President made no comment
upon the result, but his smiling counte
nance showed that he was well pleased.
He. and Mrs. McKinley drove directly to
the White House. Adjutant General Cor
bin. Dr. Rlxey, Assistant Secretary Cor
telyou and a stenographer accompanied
the President on vie tour to Canton.
The President received a prreat many
congratulatory telegrams to-day. He ex
The New Explosive.
Thorite, the new pxplnsive, has been distin
guishing itself by passing through a 4H-lnch
Harveylzed steel plate. If its success continues
It will make aa treat a record for Itself in the
military world as Hoptetter's Stomach Bitters
has In the medical world. So far nothing has
appeared which can equal thl« wonderful medi
cine In Ita speedy and permanent mastery of
all diseases of the stomach, llvpr or kidneys
It's a pood remedy to try when everything else
ha« failed.
BEECHAi'S PILLS
taken at night will make you
feel right, act right and look
right. They cure Constipation.
1O rests and 95 rents, nt all drag storea.
pressed himself as well pleased with the
result of the election in Ohio. He got a
telegram from Niles, his birthplace, which
gratified him exceedingly. It stated that
there had been a Republican gain there of
over 400.
PENNSYLVANIA RESULT.
Many [Republicans Supported the
Opponent of Barnett.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 8.-Complete
returns from sixty of the sixty-seven
counties in the State, including Phila
delphia, and with carefully revised figures
from the seven missing counties show a
plurality of 100.456 for Barnett (R.) for
State Treasurer, over Creasy <D.). The
plurality for Brnwn (R.) for Sunreme
by U 3dm exceed that of Barnett
LONDON PRESS OPINION.
Re-election of President McKinley
Predicted.
LONDON. Nov. 9.-The Daily News
commenting upon the American elections'
says it believes Mr. Bryan has no chance
for the Presidency and that Mr. McKinley
m. eVery reason t0 h ° pe for a second
"President McKinley," it declares "will
now have a free hand In the PhnipnirTe"
t N o wfn^H^hn 6 h^ d , bet er make haste
to win i He has obtained a sort of re
noThln^more."' PUbHc c ™™°™ but
NEW JERSEY'S VOTE.
Republican Plurality Estimated at
Twenty Thousand
NEWARK. N. J., Nov. 8.-Revi«,ion of
the eCtl ° n retUrns Shows Ro change from
the figures of last night. The State Sen-
WSSM
Silfpity
ality. ( } for Gov *™°r had 5499 plur-
DEPEW ON THE ELECTION.
Says It Means the Renomination of
McKinley and Bryan
ov l^ i' OltK> ° V - B—Senator8 — Senator Chaun
on^eSoT *'" " ked f ° r hls views
il^J i my mi nd— and 1 am not Bpeak
*t, u b i* of the next Presidency I believe
Democrats Save Mississinr.<
hundred votes between any « • ,v, °?, c
dates on the ii«t t ♦ J lhe ea -ndi-
Hlpi
■•-
Negro Voters Barred at New Orleans.
i>r.w UJiLEANS, Nov. 8.-The regular
Democracy won an easier victory than
Jones Not Surprised
tpSliili
itliiii
Kg / ff g "^^^
nffl Bj Off ffra
I /*f °s^TL I
I .s^S* A°d# c
@ IHI MM Price need not stand in the way of ra
f-imi? v your wear tailor-made clothes — pf
» f^ra^^^ tainly $10 is low enough for a good suit M
j :■< "^ or overcoat made to your measure. M
"X\ Don't think because the price is low the quality is ||
SH poor — we guard against that in giving you a year's re- §|
§1 pairing free. , Our principle in case of dissatisfaction ||
§3 - is to return your money the instant you request it. |
if Wouldn't it be a wise move on your part to get .1
I S. N. WOOD & CO., I
|| 718 Market Street and
g Cop. Powell and Eddy.
INSISTING UPON
THE "OPEN DOOR"
Determined Attitude of
America.
OUR TRADE MUST NOT SUFFER
TEXT OP DEMANDS MADE TO
FOREIGN POWERS.
United States Wants Written Pledges
That Chinese Ports Shall Be
Kept Open to American
Commerce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 8.-Offlcials here
are at a loas to know what was meant by
the mysterious London dispatch relating
to Anglo-American Chinese relations of
such a startling character that the news
could not be published. It is stated that
there is nothing in this line at present
between Great Britain and the United
States that can be said to be of a sensa
tional character. The Government is not
averse to having it known broadly that
it has been steadily engaged in negotia
tions for months looking to the mainten
ance of whatever trade rights we now en
joy in Chinese ports. Officials do not care
to go into details while the negotiations
are still in progress, but it is expected
the subject will be made the basis of a
special message to Congress by the Presi
dent. It Is said our Government is not
likely to encounter any serious opposition
to what it regards as its perfectly reason
able effort to .secure from the i-Juropean
powers interested formal assurances in
contirmation of verbal statements already
made that the way for American trade in
China will be kept open in the event of a
retention of the existing conditions and I
leaseholds. Nothing has been heard from i
France on this subject as yet, though it
is assumed that the returning Embassa
dor, Al. t'ambon, will bear some instruc
tions on the subject.
The Chinese Government, through Min
ister Wu Ting Fang, is keeping a watch
ful eye on the recent developments relat
ing to China. Within the last few days
he saw Secretary Hay, with a view to
learning to what extent the United States
had acted. The response of the Secretary
of State is said to have been uuite full
and frank and to the effect that, at the
request of the President, our Embassadors
and Ministers abroad had been asked to
secure deiinite assurances that there
should be no interruption to the access
of American trade and commerce to the
interior of China through the treaty ports.
Such assurances had been given from
time to time In a somewhat informal
manner as parts of the manifestos by
which foreign nowers assumed control of
ports on the China coast, but the purpose
of this request was to have the assur
ances take definite, tangible written form,
so .is to leave no room for doubt that the
future commerce in the Orient would meet
no unforeseen embarrassment.
It can be statod positively that the re- i
cent move of the United States was not
the result of an understanding or agree
ment with the Chinese Minister, and, so
far as Is known here, the Chinese authori
ties were not consulted. Whether it
would be regarded favorably by China de
pends, in the judgment of Minister Wu,
on subsequent developments.
Throughout diplomatic circles keen in
terest is manifested in the American move
and in the replies which are likely to be
elicited from the American inquiry
abroad. The view prevails that while
there will be no difficulty in securing gen
eral assurances of a favorable character
it Is not so certain that a definite state
ment in writing or tangible form will be
given.
Those best acquainted with the subject
hold that Great Britain, Germany and
Russia will coincide with the American
view and that if any objection comes it is
likely to arise in France, as the French
policy in Madagascar and Cochin China
Is to give preferential rates to French
goods and make discriminations against
foreign goods. From this it is implied
that France will not give a written as
surance that American commerce will be
on equal terms in those parts of China
where French spheres of influence prevail.
PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT
COMPANY TO DISSOLVE
NEW TORK, Nov. B.— lt was understood
in Wall street to-day that the ultimate
result of meetings which have been held
during the past few days between C. P.
Huntlngton, Mrs. Leland Stanford,
George Crocker and Thomas H. Hub
bard who represents the. Mark Hop
kins-'Searles interests in the Southern Pa
cific Company, will be the winding up of
the Pacific Improvement Company.
The four interests named own this
company, which is capitalized at $10,000,
--000 and "was organized twenty years ago
as a general contracting company. It
owns railway securities and various im
provements along the line of tire Southern
Pacific Railway, including the Hotel del
Monte at Monterey. An adjustment of
accounts with the Southern Pacific Com
pany is now in progress and when it is
wound up the four proprietary interests
will get their respective share of tho
assets The process of winding up. how
ever. Is likely to cover a considerable
period.
Gill Succeeds Spence.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. B.— J. J. Gill.
Republican, is elected over Lavocifer
csnpnoo for Congress, in the Sixteenth
Ohio District by 440 votes. Mr. Gill will
fill the unexpired term of the late Lorenzo
Danford.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Effect Without a Cause.
This Is true, yet for many ages no
one could account for the mysterious
and excruciating pains that, seemingly
without sufficient cause, tortured the
hapless sufferer, and oftentimes twist-
ed his limbs out of all semblance to
humanity.
Science, . however, has at length
solved this problem, and has proclaimed
that rheumatism, in all its varied
phases, is due to uric acid in the blood.
Hence, when one is afflicted with
rheumatism he knows there is too much
acid in his blood.
How does this happen. It must be
the blood's purifiers, the liver, and es-
pecially the kidneys, are out of order
and do not properly perform their
functions.
But how can they be restored to their
normal healthy state? Hundreds of
thousands of grateful and now healthy
people will indorse the answer:
Use Warner's Safe Cure, which will
check an excess of acid, dissolve the
acid deposit and produce a normal and
healthy condition of the kidneys and
liver, and then, the cause being re-
i moved, the rheumatism will quickly
disappear.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
I C WIT SON £ ffl 9CO Battery Street.
J. t- WILMJN tt UJ-, Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
J JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLYTHE. Mgr.
CW CMITH Sn| P Plumbing, Steamboat
W- IT- .Mill lll, and Ship Work a Specialty, 1«
and IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TAS RftYFS£fft Shipping Butchers. 10*
JA3- DUlCatt UJ-, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
J. N. LOFSTAD, 14 Kearn y «<•• up«t»i™. Ltt««t
. 11. lA>l JIHU, tty | Mi | owe ,t pricei, remodeling.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, £££ £ £*£&
st. Castings of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DRALERS.
WIT I AMFTTP PULP AND PAPER CO..
I rriLLAiJIEIIC 722 Montgomery st.
PRINTING.
Ef RITfiHFC PRINTER,
. •V- HUUiIEj, 611 Sansome st.. S. F.
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
I Tel c?d a c p B hlc PARTRIDGE 306 **»£**
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, cd B lac£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In th»
■ market. Office and Yards Main street.
i — "" *""""' *
STATE/WENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON. IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chueetts, on the 31st day of December, A.
I). 1898, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $300,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $559,41100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral 15,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 1.727 74
Cash In Banks 24,224 26
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,92« II
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 45,868 27
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, pre-
miums more than three months due. 251 00
Total Assets ....$M9.408 48
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,138 63
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 14.90121
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $138,275 82; re-
insurance 50 per cent 69,137 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $109,213 64;
• re-Insurance pro rata 64. 19* 76
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, etc 2.832 43
All other liabilities 15. 842 81
Total Liabilities 5172.149 77
INCOME. — - ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ._~ $188,037 61
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 22,611 65
Received for profit on sale of secur-
ities 5,211 50
Total Incom« ....$215,867 84
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
..et amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $32,122 42 losses of previous
years) $110,499 05
Dividends to Stockholders 18.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 41.118 28
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 18,374 11
Paid for State, National and local
, taxes :..... «.52$ 03
All other payments and expenditures.. 18,053 76
Total Expenditures ....$212.578 47
Lories Incur. cd during th« year. fire.. $95,119 »
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. i Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $23,983,707 $257.512 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23.054.7il 249.965 95
Net amount In force
December 31, 1898 22.384.315 247.489 4*
FRANCIS PEABODY. President.
HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 7th
«ay of February, IS9S.
GEO. M. AMERIGE.
Notary Public
BAGGS & STOVEL,
General Agents Pacific Coast,
411 California Street,
' ' SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMI AN A BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; give* health and
1 »u«Bf ib to sexual organs, Depot, 122 Mukti.
34
*11/esL
LAST MONTH
OF LEAGUE
BASEBALL
Series of Games Between
Champions and Eastern
League Players.
The league race is practically ended
and the Statesmen of Sacramento are on
top. For three months no other team in
the league has occupied first place, al
though San Francisco was within striking
distance all of the time. It is all over
now, and the Senators will be elected to
meet the California team, made up of
Eastern' league players.
Since the rejuvenation of the Oakland
team, two months ago that aggregation of
ball tossers has exhibited itself in a vic
torious light. At that time they were
tallenders with a vengeance, but game
■ after game advanced them peg by peg
until there was a tie In percentage be
tween Oakland and Santa Cruz. A week
ago last Saturday the Oakland nine be
came, sullen and surrendered a match to
Sacramento, and the very next day lost
the second game. This resulted in clinch
ing the championship for Sacramento and
dropping Oakland Into the fourth place.
San Francisco will end the season in
second place, but the third may be oc
cupied either by Oakland or Santa Cruz.
Both these teams are hot in the race to
escape the tall end degradation and will
light hard to secure even the third posi
tion in the column.
Oakland and Santa Cruz will play In
this city on Saturday and Sunday. San
Francisco meeting Sacramento at Sacra
mento. As the tight Is now paired be
tween these two sets of teams, there
should be some close baseball.
The standing of the teams at present is:
y- ''■ y ~ -z i ~
\ I i -i 3
• CLUBS. limit \ \ i
. •■ ■ r - * : ; ; ?
Sacramento L;|l6 6 11143 73.589
Ban Fin not sco 9i..113'1'i;44 Sli.s4*
Banta Cruz ■• 7 \.~. 12 35 76 .460
Oakland S; Sllß|r. 37 84 .440
Lost • |»!s7|«|47J.': ..}....
. T. F. Bonnet is organizing the team of
returned ■ rnians to play the cham
pions of the season during the month of
December.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Three Favorites Earn Brackets at
Newport.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Nov. B.— The first
three races went to favorites at Newport
to-day.. The weather was pleasant and
the track good. Results:
One mile and eeven'y yards, selling-— Dandy
H won, ■ Bart>e« second, Juanetta third. Time,
1:47*4.
Seven furlongs— Trou**au won. Koenlg sec
ond. The Sluggard third. Timo. 1:2.4.
PU furlongs— The Star of Bethlehem won. Be
true second. Lord Zen! third. Time, 1:14%.
One mile, handicap— Scarlet Lilly won, Flor
lzar second. Ktta third. Tin.> 1:43.
One mile, sellings- Frank MeOonnell won, Pat
Cl.ebum secor.J, Allle Belle third. Time, 1:44.
CHICAGO. Xov. B.— Weather clear; track
Blow. Results:
Six furlongs, Belling— Antoinette won. Inno
vator second, Lovable third. Time, 1:19,
One and a sixteenth miles, Belling -I'.'-rt Davis
won. Owyhee second. Pat Garrett third. Time,
1:52%.
Five furlongs — Georgte won. Goebel second.
Little Jock Homer third. Time, I:OSVi.
One and a half miles— George I^ee won. üble
Dummy second, Holdup third. Time, 2:41.
Pevcn furlongs — Tho Monk won. Brownie An
derson second. Bon 1 ward third. Time. 1:32*4.
One mile — Refugee won, Astor second, Uradia
third. Time. 1:45%. _
SERIES OF CYCLE RACES.
Good Programme Arranged by the
Garden City Wheelmen.
SAX JOSE, Nov. B.— The Garden
'.men will hold a race meet at their
track on Sunday, No This will
he the first of a series that ore •■
Floyd McFarland h
as track manager. I d has re
turned from ■
• -ris similar to th
nier, and with these as paoemakei
wiH (
The card I r the first mcci Is as
■ 'ne-third mill
Heap, ama c ilrfl mile hi
.
I I ••■r Lawson <if <"h ;
• ms. Floyd M
land will ride lon mile against
the track record of 1:3.",.
McDufße Lowers a Record.
CHICAOO, Nov. ».- Eddie McDuffle, the
middle-distance bicycle champion racer
from Bosi Park half
mile track to-day, paced by a motor re
duced the world's record for one-third of
a mile I
onds. He also clipped b quarter of i
qnd off the quarter-mile record, makimr
the distn.-:
Victory for Princeton.
PRINCETON. N. J.. Nov. S.— Football:
Princeton SO, University of North Caro
lina 0.
Quail Trappers Plead Guilty
iiiir was recently made to th«
Stat( i lame and Fish Commli
a number of people w< • ng qual
i.Tir Wilowe, and th; iiri.im
port and Grindstone Creek no less th;u
I Trapping qua)
or having these lard? alive In p
is in violation of the law at nil
: r, and to put a Jton to It
Ken heval was s. iuntv
The deputy finally found that the prin
cipal culprits were Henry D. and John
Knight, leading merchants of F.lk Creek,
[n addition to having traps of their own,
they had a number "f persons catching
quail f"r then;, which they sold .■•■
houses in their
locality. The i ■ round with
the live birds In their store, and on being
taken istice of tl..- Peac<
they pleaded frullty of buying, Belling and
trapping quail They wen
which t v -.e;. paid.
"GIBSON RYE."
In Cases,
Tfc« finest Pure Monongahela Rye Whlgk7,
distilled by th? OltMOßtoa Mills on the Monon-
gahel* River, MOORE & SINNOTT, Proprie.
tors.
CHARLES MEINEOKE ft CO..
Cole Affent*. 81< Sacramento Street, B. F.
Sporting Scents prom All Over the World.
BEN LEDI
IN FRONT
AT 40 TO
The Ring Scorched Over the
Outsider's Win — Song
er's Splendid Work.
The betting ring at Tanforan Park
Juggled the hottest live one of the sea
son yesterday. The landslide came in the
last event, which, owing to a lack of
entries, did not appear on the overnight
cards. It filled »4 the track yesterday
morning and among those entered— it was
a five-furlong scramble— was Ben Ledi, a
Montana-bred fllly. While the bookies
were busily engaged in "bumping" the
two choices— Qenua and Montallade they
found themselves gradually compelled to
cut the odds against Ben Ledi from ■»■'
down to 8, owing to the busy play on the
outsider. Songer tossed the leg over the
good thing and breaking away third was
quickly in front cutting out a heart
breaking clip. He won at the wire by a
couple of lengths from Montallade, on
which Tommy Burns rode his prettiest.
Genua, the real favorite, was downed a
head for the show by Monda, Nearly
every book quit loser to the race.
The ileuis were again small and the
crowd below the average In point of at
tendance. No doubt this latter fact could
be ascribed to the inclemency of the
weather, rain falling at Intervals through
out the afternoon. Favorites won just
half of the races on the card. Songer dis
tinguished himself in the saddle by plac
ing four winners over the plate In front
and is rapidly becoming a general favor
ite. ,
The opening six-furlong run was only
a gallop for the Corrigan entry, St. Cas
simir, a4to B choice. The youngster wan
asked to beat nothing and won galloping
from Choteau. Burns on Silver Tail could
do no better than beat Waterwick lor the
j Wyoming, a 1 to 2 favorite for the
seven-furlong selling affair which fol
lowed, hau a very close calL Burns
shook Btromo up in the stretch with such
surprising suits that the second choice
was beaten but a nose. The winner is
plainly not at his best and the price laid
was a very short one when his preceding
race was taken Into consideration. Coda,
away poorly, finished a good third.
P. "Ryan seems to win about every time
he stars at the new track. His Marcato
was the tip for the third recital, and
backed from 2 to 6 to 5 the brown gelding
won away off from Whitcomb. Batista
showed some early speed, but blew up
early, eventually hanging on long enough
to get the show.
Tommy Burns had the mount on Dr.
Bernays in the mile run. the chestnut be
ing hammered down from even money to
7 to 10. In his memoirs Burns can explain
why he pulled up after getting away in
front lie did and Zoroaster led all the
way, beating the Doctor half a length.
Alaria; poorly handled by Fauntleroy, ran
a close third. ■
Midity ruled favorite for the mile purse
run and left her speed behind her. Top
mast, at odds of 5 to 1 trailed the other
three starters to the stretch, where Son
ger called on him, and the Shields entry
won galloping. Olinthus, a 15 to l shot,
reached the wire a neck before Malay.
To-Day's Entries.
Followinp arc the entries for the run
ents this afternoon:
Fir^t race— Five furlongs: two-yenr-olds.
... Racetta 107, 282 Giro 113
274 Tom Sharkey...m: 268 Gold Finder 110
274 Mips Sophie lim ... Iturdock 107
2CS March Seven.... 110 !
Second race— Six furlongs.
ICO Sorrow I^2 2'H Earl Islington. .lo2
272 Judffe WofTord..lo2 271 .Silver Maid 102
281 Stromo 1n - l 279 Campus 105
27S Castake K2
Third race — One mile and a Fixtf-enth; three
year-. ids and upward; celling.
282 Balista 101 27" rhlmura ...
197 Roadrunner M" eirloa 110
Fourth race— One mile and a sixteenth; threo
year-oldi and upw I
26r, Dr. Sheppard...lo7 C236)E1 Eatro 95
■:: ■■ Mi rlnel 104
Fifth rao«— Pix furlongs; two-years-olds and
upward; handicap.
2C2 Rio Chleo ....98 (27i)Afamada 108
... St. Cuthhert 95 ;2S2)Marcato 100
257 Lona Marie . . 80
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Burdock, '1 Id Finder. T..m Phar
key.
Second race— Porr w, Castake, Campus.
Third race— Chimura. Roadrunner, San Car-
los.
Tourth race— Pr. ahpppard, El Estro, Morinel.
Fifth race— Ryan entry, ru. Ohir-o.
COURT NOTES.
Mrs. D. Layskle, 4<"« Morse Btreet, se
cured ;>. warrant from JudK»> Graham yes
tor the arrest of her husband,
Isaac, on the charge of battery, she alleg
ing that he ha<l beaten her every ni^ht
during the past twelve months and bad
not contributed toward the support of
herself and children.
Hay. ::i,an and James Honicytt are
St. Nicholas H0t.,1, and
laj Hagennan secured a warrant
for Honicutt's arrest on the charge of as
sault v.-ith a deadly* weapon for striking
him r.n the head with a water pitcher
Tuesday night.
The nineteen soldiers of the Forty-sixth
and Thirty-eighth regiments who had a
light with the police in Bacon place Tues
day and were arrested on a charge of
"drunk" were discharged by Judge Gra
ham yesterday morning.
The candidates fur lice Judgeships,
successful or unsuccessful, did not make
their appearance at the City Hall yester
day, with the exception of Judge Tread
well, and Judge Graham had to adjourn
the cases on Judge Conlan's and Judge
Megan's calendars till this morning
Bernard Ward, charged with having em
bezzled $4000 from the Marine Fireman's
Union, was placed oh trial before Judge
Dunne yesterday for the offense. Patrick
Rogers, a co-defendant, was convicted of
a similar offense a few weeks ago. Other
officers of the union will be tried, as it is
alleged that there was a conspiracy to
loot the treasury of the organization
The suit of Louise Richter widow of
Captain Reinhold Richter. against the Su
preme Lodge, Knights of Pythias, to re
cover on a Ufa Insurance policy held by
the deceased, who was killed In battle at
Manila, will be taken up by Judge Belcher
this morning. The lodge sets up the de
fense that Richter violated the restric
tions of his policy and thereby relieved
the organization of its responsibility.
LECTURE ON THE JUBILEE.
Rev. J. R. de Wolf Cowie Gives an
Address on England in
Jubilee Year.
Friends and Inmates of the Good Sama
ritan Mission filled the auditorium of that
Institution last night to listen to the lec
ture delivered by Rev. J. R. de Wolfe
Cowie of Shu Juateo. He took for his
subject "Ensrlmid at the time of the
Queen's Jubilee," and talked most en
tertainingly on social conditions In Eng
land and Europe at that time. The lec
ture .which was free, was Illustrated with
stereopticon views, many of which
elicited hearty applause. At- the conclu
sion of the meeting the Rev. \V. I. Kip
thnnked the lecturer on behalf of those
present.
ÜBed Forged Orders.
Mark Sena, alias Levin, alias Davis,
was booked at the City Prison yesterday
by Detective Dillon on charges of obtain
ing goods by false pretense* and forgery
He' Is an old offender. The particular
charge on which he was arrested was for
obtaining $42 20 worth of goods from the
California Lace House on an order pur
porting to be signed by Marks & Co., of
Oakland, by whom he said he was em
ployed. - : -n
IHE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1899.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TANFORAN PARK, Wednesday, November 8, 1899.— Fourth day of
the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather cloudy.
Track muddy.
THE MERRY MONARCH
RULES AT THE GRAND
Judging from the laujrhter and applause
prevalent at the Grand Opera-house this
week "El Capitan" scorns to have found
a rival In '■The Merry Monarch." for
there Is no denying the fact that tho suc
cess of this clever comic opera is as great
as that of Sousa's popular work. There
pedally two reasons for this iUO-
Primarily William Woolf in the title
role has a part which fits him like, a glove
and in which he has suflicimt opportunity
to sh iw his strength as a comedian. He
• veral Bcenes to himself, the humor
of which are very conducive to his ten
dencj to resort to the coarser class of
v work. It is this very tendency
which makes him so popular with the the
ater-going public, and by means of which
he has established for himself a reputa
tion which no one can take away from I
Kirn. Mr. Woolf s popularity has reached
a very high point, from which he may
look down defiantly upon any who has
■ fortunate desire to dispute him this
honor. As tho Merry Monarch he does
certainly some clever work which should
be appreciated according? to its merits.
The' other Rrent feature of this per
formance Is the mounting and stage man
agement. The scenery and costumes are
superb and Mr. Jones, always on the alert
for snappy productions, was careful to
keep the < horus alive, so that the stage
presents at every moment a bright pic
ture .if brisk action. Edith Mason has
an opportunity to look her bent and sing
a few very pretty solos in her usual flaw
manfier. Arthur Wboley, Winfred
i ;,,;•■. B— le Fairbalrn and Hattie Belle
Lnrid contribute their phare toward the
excellence of this production. Sousa's or
chestration lends much color to this play.
ALFRED METZOER.
This afternoon at a special matinee at
the California Theater Nance o'Ncll will
play the "Jewess." To-night she repeats
"Lady Teazle," to-morrow night she will
be ' Magda," Saturday matinee "The
Shadow" will be given for the last time
and Saturday night she will bid farewell
to San Francisco as "Camille." Sunday
night the well-known comedian, Harry
c,,r>>>n Clarke, will begin a week's en
gagement in "What Happened to Jones."
Major Mite, the llliputian comedian, Ad
nd her lions and a lot of clever
vaudeville people are crowding the Chutes
ter every afternoon and evening. To
iiiKlit the feature of the amateur show
will be a megaphone minstrel perform
ance.
FINED FOR CONTEMPT.
E. H. Baxter Violated an Injunction
and Must Pay Two Hundred
Dollars.
It costs money to disregard an Injunc
tion of a Federal Court. E. 11. Baxter
ot ::l Second Btreet was apprised ye-ster
day of that fact with a dull thud.
Mr. liaxtor sells among other things
phenacetine packed In a certain way.
Suit was brought against him by a. per
son who alleged that ho alone was en
titled to sell phenacetine under that par
ticular label and ii; that particular way.
Pending the trial. United States Circuit
Jnd;,'c Morrow ipsued a preliminary In
junction -warning Baxter not to continue
selling the stuff. Haxter passed by the
injunction as the Idl*- wind which cometh
winner- no man knoweth and which
bloweth smoke whither no man goeth.
He was up before the Judge yesterday
for contempt of court.
"Th« dignity of the court must be up
held and its processes must be obeyed."
said Judge MOITOW.
Kuxu-r agreed that the remark of the
court was accurate, when he was in
formed that he must pay a fine of $200
or suffer an imprisonment of sixty days.
He was allowed three days in which to
pay the fine.
Boxing Kangaroo Dead.
The Zoo at the Chutes Is ngnin i n
mourning. Late last night the "old man"
kangaroo from Australia, the only one of
the kind In captivity In America, died
after a brief but severe illness. All the
aid that medical skill could give the an
tipodean was extended, but to no avail.
He was described at length In The Call
la«=t July, was rapidly learning to box
and was highly valued.
"NERVES" SHOULD BE
CALLED "HYSTERICS"
"Nerves" 1b far from bring: a poor farce,
oven though its climaxes are those of
long ago generations. The only novelty
that the public Insists upon in a farce is
of character drawing and color, and that
"Nerves" has to a considerable extent.
The Alcazar company Is not treating it
fairly. •
There Is a shrieking state of affairs on
the stago that emphasizes neither the fun
nor the "nerves." The hysterical condi
tion Miss Foster attempts to suggest by
fumblln"- at hairpins or clasping tense
fingers. The other supposedly nervous
people burlesque the condition so broadly
that Miss Foster's more appreciative work
is discouraged and lost sight of.
If somebndv had stood over the re
hearsals and uttered one prolonged
"hush," matters might be better.
• * •
The Columbia makes announcement of
five stars hooked for the present season.
They axe Nat Goodwin. De Wolf Hoppi-r.
Denman Thompson, Sol Smith Russell
and Julia Marlowe.
The long Mr. Hopper has been to lyon
don and found a new wife since last we
saw htm. Both facts lend interest to his
personality. The wife is the Nella Ber
gen who sang here in "El Capttan" and
made a record for coming down from her
high notes like the fall of a feather.
London was very doubtful about both
Mr. Hopper and Mr. Goodwin at first, but
I/onrlon warmed at last. Goodwin was
unfortunate in opening with a play of
Clyde Fitch's, which. Judging from report.
Is one of the bad Ideas which Mr. Fitch
does not hesitate to offer the public when
a good Idea is coy. He has been clever
in spasms, but he Js never to be relied
upon.
Miss Marlowe will probably come to ua
as "Barbara Freitehie." In which the
hasty Clyde seems to have spoiled good
material again. However, the star can
keep any kind of a play alive in New
York, provided she Is accorded most of
center Rtage. SARAH COMSTOCK.
STOCKHOLDERS ARE LIABLE
An Interesting Decision of the Su-
preme Court in a Case of Un
paid for Shares.
Dort-th Walter sued the Merced Acad
emy Association, a corporation, in a fore
closure action, and after the sale of tho
premises Involved a deficiency judgment
was entered against the defendant cor
poration for $5!">S7 2.'>. Action was then
prosecuted against a dozen or more stock
holders to ascertain the amount due from
each on the deficiency judgment, as own
ers and holders of the stock of the con
cern, and to obtain judgment and execu
tion from eacb>
Judgment went to the plaintiff and an
npp<nl was taken, the appellants declar
ing that they were not liable by reason
of the variance ih the purposes of ln
corporatlon as set forth in the subscrip
tion agreement and as disclosed in the
articles of incorporation. The evidence
showed that $33 .33 1-3 per share and no
more had been paid on their stock, and
that HK6B 2-4 was still due from tho
shareholders. The decision of the Su
preme Court is that the stockholders are
Individually liable and Judgment was af
firmed.
Welcomed Their Son.
A large number of ladies and gentle
men. Including a number of the veterans
of the War of the Rebellion and ladies
connected with the Relief Corps of the
Grand Army, were assembled lost night
in Red Men's Assembly Hall upon the
invitation of Mr. and Mrs. V. Duhem to
be present at a reception tendered to
their son. Victor L. Duhem. who was
until recently a member of Company M,
Fourteenth United States Infantry which
did service at Manila. The hall was taste
fully decorated with flowers and ferns.
After the returned soldier had been intro
duced to all present and congratulated
upon his safe return. Miss Klla Duhem
sang a 1-allad, Mrs. A. Eyers recited an
ode. to the American flag, Professor Lucy
gave a piano recital, Miss Tilly Kennedy
favored with a ballad, Miss Alice Roard
man recited and then there wns dancinc
which was followed by a supper, at which
there were a number of congratulatory
short speeches.
MOUNT IDA
A WINNER AT
UNION PARK
Defeats Signal Handily in the
Regular Midweek Cours
ing Stake.
Mount Ida, representing the kennels of
Lande & Gerber, easily accounted for the
midweek stake at Union Coursing Park
yesterday. The llnal between Mount Ida
and the white dog Signal was run almost
in the dark, the former winning by a
score of -32 points to 6. Three undecided
courses near the end of the day's card
delayed the sport and . nearly prevented
the running of the linal because of dark
ness. Matchless and Ballroom Belle ran
an undecided, and at the next attempt
they ran all over the field unsighted. In
the decisive course, in which a relief dog
was cent to their assistance, Matchless
won by a score of 17 to 5. This spoiled ■
any chance Matchless may have had for
the stake and he was withdrawn. This i
did away with his course in the next
round with Signal, and also did away with
the necessity of Mount Ida running a bye
course. Mount Ida and Signal then ran
the final in the rapidly garnering gloom.
The hare proved a strong one, taking the
dogs across the field, where it made good
Its escape.
The bettors who picked dogs other than
the favorites were generally fortunate.
The hares were of unequal quality and a
number of flukey courses resulted, in
which the favorites lost. A Montana dog,
Corin's Flashlight, ran for the first time,
but made a poor showing. Trailer beat
Nancy R in the run-down after a long
course. In the next round Trailer did not
try to approach the hare, being still suf- .
fering apparently from her exertions. The ;
results in detail, with the official score of
points, follow: .
Reserve stake— S. Mahoney'e Nellie G beat
Lanae & Gerber's Concord, 8-3; Bartels Bros."
Ben s Babe beat F. A. McComb's Judge Wal
1ac l 1 1 , s -'/ R 'Remans Hadiwlst beat Handy
c Smiths Maifl--, 2S-7; J. H. Peril's Belle
geward beat Groman & Betencourt's Forget-
Me-Not, 8-3; Pasha Kennels' Right Arm beat
J. Kennedy's Wine West. 6-1: P. J. Nolte's
Rich and Artless heat A. Johnson's Bald Eagle,
«-«; Land* & turner's Onward beat J. Hur- '
L '. 8 Star of Cuba. 19-10; A. .1. Kemp's Signal
beat D. Ford's Anita. 29-10; .1. Ronning*a
penury Lass b«at J. erson's White Chief.
7-4; Handy & Smith's Victor beat J. P. Thrift's
Grasshopper, S-6; D. Ford's Juanlta bent J. H.
Perleo s Controller, 9-5; D. Ford's Bonlta beat
J. Kennedys Night Time, 10-0; Bartell Bros.'
Ballroom Belle beat Pasha Kennels' .Sylvia,
9-6; .1 Collins' Matchless beat J. Kennedy's
Ever .Sure, 5-3; .T. M. Halt.ms (names) Corin's
F!nshli ht beat J. C. Talbot's Blackrock. 16-5;
Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer beat W. B. Smith's
The Earl, 10-1; Maher & Hold's Uncle Fuller
beat 8. Mahoney'B Chief of the Hill. 34-4: Pasha I
Kfiinels Random Aim beat C. O'Donnell's Las
I almas. 12-4; Lande & Gerber's Mount Ida i
beat Manor & Reid's Pat Reilly, 7-.V J p
Thrift's Trailer beat H. W. Kikes Nancy It.
17-14; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat I. F. Hal
ton's Tic Tac, 3-0; R. P. Julian's Sweet Music
beat J. Sepperson's Gold Hill, 6-2; F. A Mr-
Comb's Lord Lytton (a bye); Handy & Smith's
Petronius beat J. B. Kavanagh's Hard Lines,
22-10.
Second round— Nellie O beat Ben's Babe. 9-8;
Bell" Reward beat Hadiwist. 4-1; Rich and Art
less bee.', Rlfrh Arm, 16-0; Signal beat Onward.
17-9; Victor beat Dempsey Lass, 9-5; Ballroom
Belle beat Juanlta, 6-.",; Matchless beat Bonlta,
6-1; Beer Brewer beat Corin's Flashlight. 5-3; i
Uncle Fuller beat Random Aim. 4-2: Mount Ida
beat Trailer, 22-0; Sweet Music beat Tod Sloan,
19-3; Lord Lytton beat Petronlus, 19-3.
Third round— Nellie G beat Belle Seward. 11
--5: Signal beat Rich and Artless, 5-0; Ballroom
Belle beat Victor. f>-0; Matchless beat Beer
Brewer, 4-1; Mount Ida beat Uncle Fuller. 8-6-
Sweet Music beat Lord Lytton. 3-0.
Fourth round— Signal beat Nellie O. 10-8-
Matchless beat Ballroom Belle, 17-5; Mount Ida
b»at Sweet Music. 8-5.
Final round— Matchless ■withdrawn; Mount
Ida b»at Signal, 32-6.
A COURSING MATCH.
The management of Union Coursing
Park has arranged a match- for next
Sunday between what are pronounced the
two most remarkable young greyhounds
in California, Pasha Kennels" Recording
Angel and D. J. Healey's Sisquoc. Both
were whelped in October of last year and
have shown remarkable form in their
public performances. The card includes.
in addition to this match, a stake lim
ited to eight dogs and a sixty-four dog
reserve stake. The draw last night re
sulted as follows:
Complimentary stake, eight dops— J. Kerri
par.'n Conqueror vs. Curtis & Pnn's Luxor;
Pasha Kennels' Emln Pasha vs. Russell, All^n
& Wilson*! Master Clalr; F. Moran'fl Falst*
Flatterer vb. H. F. Anderson's Crawford Lad;
• in* AK»r<-romble's Rock Island Boy vs J. P
Thrift's Brutus.
Special match— Pasha Kennels Recording
Angel, by Kmtn Pasha-Bona. whelped October
IS, IMS, vs. D. J. Healey's Sisquoc by Emln
Pasha-Wave, whelped October 19, IS9S.
Reserve stake, sixty-four dogs— Pasha Ken
nels' Firm Friend vs. J. Ronntrfs'B Dempaey
I^ass; F. Baker's Dora B vs. Kelly & Handy'
Baby King; G. Sharman's Miss Skyrocket vs.
J. Shaw's Lucky Dog; J. Carroll's Auckland
v*. Ed Wilson's Magnesia; S. Mahoney's Nellie
it vs. Handy & Smith's Petronlus: Curtis &
Son's The Frtim v». Bartels Bros.' Ben Brewer 1
R. L. Taylor's Mose vs. J. McCormlck'a Prim
rose: J. Hurley's O X Capitol vs. Maher &
Reid's Uncle Fuller; H. A. Deckel man's Old
Glory vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Belle Clalr-
J. McCormick'l Halrbraln vs W Cairns' Im
perial; T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill vs M
Michalek's Glen Roy; Handy & Smith's Magic
vs. H. H. Gray's Terronette; Pasha Kennels'
Right Arm vs. P. McCabe's Craig Boy; J. H
Peril's Controller vs. .1. H. Harrison's Hot
Haste; J. Carroll' a Red Hind vs. George Lahu
sen's Firefly; J. C. Talbot's Blackrock vs.
P. Heran's Martha Washington; R. E. de B
Lopez's Whitehead vs. W. C. Glass. in 1 .. Joy
Bells; Bartelß Bros.' Border's Best vs. J. M
Halton's (names) Corin's Flashlight; R. Tier
nan's Had! wist vs. Maher A Reid's Pat Reilly
Al Austin's Firm Foe vs. Gus Abercromble's
Victor King; Gus Abercromble's Rock Island
King vs. F. A. McComb's Lord Lytton; s
Mahoney's Chief of the Hill vs. P, Heran's
Fair Play; Bartels Bros." Ben's Babe vs. D
Chella's Golden Russet: J. Sheridan's Forest
Queen vs. J. Hurley's Star of Cuba; J. D
L For this week: ■F\ -populaTshad'et J ►
# MEN'S suits— the WgU- strictl y up-to-date- \
fair retail price oi W||. V . QMwJL '"'• W' vH| a wholesale assort-
\ $12.50, ipl 1111 l IrH Sderfit guaranW £
W FronrmiU to man O |H ge " uine 1
i II o Wzsoz\ IB «r ry o cent ° f [
GBfflE^B^^^^^wrV Wholesale Manufacturers o? C.'othinj*. P^JlisiS'
121-123 Sansome St.. neap Pine J»di
McKEEVER
OUTFOUGHT
BY SMITH
Decision Given to the "Mys
terious" at the End of
the Bout.
Spivial Pispatch to The Call.
NEW FORK, Nov. B.— "Mysterious"
Billy Smith defeated Charley McKeever
of Philadelphia In a twenty-round bout
at catrh weights at the Broadway Ath
letlc Club to-night Smith weighed l ir,
pounds and his opponent tipped th>^ s<-airs
at about the Fame weight. Both men
were In prime condition and the flght
was fast and Interesting from start to
finish.
McKeever used his left t.> k""<1 advant
age in tin- opening rounds, sending
Btralght Jabs to the face and neck, and
was equally us clever at close quarters as
Smith. McKeever put a straight left on
the mouth in the eleventh and drew fir.--!
blood by cutting Smith's eye with another
left jab. Smith replied with a similar
blow, which raised a lump over Mc-
KeeVer's i«-f t eye.
From this point Smith, who had had the
worst of It, began to improve. McKeever
cani.' out of a mix-up in the sixteenth
nimid with a cut iind'-r his right eye.
McKeever jabbed his left on the jaw, but
had the wor.it of the hard in- fighting
which followed.
In the nint teenth round thrre was some
vicious work on both sides, and in a half
clinch Smith threw McKeever from him,
the Philadelphia man going to the floor,
where he remained nine seconds on one
knee. Many persons cried "Foul" on ac
count of Smith's work, but the referee
paid no attention to them.
In the final round Smith was very ag
gressive and hit his opponent frequently,
and the referee declared Smith the Win
ner.
Smith was the favorite, odds of 100 to
50 and 100 to 80 being asked on his
chances,
Tom Sh.irkey was introduced after the
second preliminary, and in response to
calls for a speech said:
"I will Wave it to the men vho w.'re
down at Coney Island last Friday ni^ht
and also to the general publli , w:
George Slier gave roe a fair decision or
not. It is now up to Jeffries to 'neet me
again. J am ready at any time— say two,
four or six months— and will meet him
for any n mount up to $20,000."
Cardlnell'e Thornhill Comet vs. O. Rharman's
Wait a I..ittle; Aenel'.l Kenneli' Pretender vs.
Handy & Smlth'i Victor; F. A. McC
Motto VU. Ruuell, Allen & Wilson's .Tulivm
1 aesar; Curtis &-. Pon's Vanity Fair vs. H. A.
Pe<'kelman's Mlra Monte; J. Sheridan' a Forest
King vs. Aencld Kennels' Aeneas: H. A.
1>• kelman'a Bnayshot vs. I>nnde & Gerbrr's
Onward; J. Murnane'a WUdwood vs. n. H.
C.ray's Rona: Pasha Kennels' Sylvia vs. Bar
ti"ls Bros.' Bart's Belle.
SAN MATEO PARK DRAW.
The draw for this week's op*»n stake at
San Mateo Coursing Park was held at
Pythian Castlo last night. Seventy-eight
dogs are entered for the two days' run
ning. The draw resulted aa follows:
B. Dearie's Free Silver Boy vs. J. I. O'Brien's
Pasha Queen; W. H. Jones' Lady Marion vs.
I. F. Halton's Tic Tar: Curtis \ E I • ' immo
d"re vs. h. If. de B. Lopes' Carmenolta; Uw
lor & Watson's Richmond Lead vn. P. Mc-
Rlrby; n. O*Conn*iri Satan vb. a.
Johnson's Bald Katsle; F. Jones' Moonlight vs.
J. (ySbM.'i Golden Gate; Ed Wilson's Magnet
v«. J. O*Bbea'l Young Firenzi; Courtney &
Here's Hi(fh IJlce vs. J. Keenan's Royal Oak;
J. Dlckaon's Black Bess vs. ,T. H. Smith's Mer
c-<\; C. E. Wiley's QMltfht vn. T. Kevin's
Nellie N; A. JohnFons Mountain Beauty vs.
W. Creamer' fl Jesse Moore: W. L. Trade's Won
derlnjc Tom vg, W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome; E.
Ready* a Ada vs. Pasha KenneK Random Aim:
W. w. Henley's Skylight vs. W. C. GHasson'fl
Ternmite; A. Johnson's Toil Sloan vs. Jeff Mar-
Hernal Boy; J. 1,. Ri.sj' Jessica vs. Kay
Bros.' Hawker; E. Baumeister's Winning
vs. T. J. Crooln'a Maid of Bail; A. C. Brad
bury's Victor Chief vs. I,arkey <t Rock's
Minerva; Jeff Martenet'a. Sally Krass vs. T.
Fanninjrs BRlie Murphy; J. \j. Ross' Just Tip
vs. v. Guerrero's Silence; D. Ford a Juanita vs.
W. .1. Browning 1 1 Mountain Belle; J. Perry's
Red Wing vs. Fleming Bros.' Fury: E. & R.
Hcott's I>ird Byron vs. J. Anthony's Patriot;
O. Ehmann's Fireman vs. J. Keenan? I
lock: W. 11. Jones' Runtan vs. A. C. ISrndbury's
Sardonic; J. Ferris' Leah v*. J. ,1. Higgins'
Currency: J. Segßerson's White Chief ••
liowst's Sarcastic: J. Seggerson's Candeleria
vs. J. Keenan's Fear Not: A. V.inderwrijrht's
Master Gordon vs. F. Chambill's Rcn-klin Belle;
I>. Fonl's B.'iiita vs. J. Jones' Galivant; W
Creamer's Delia M vs. Jeff Martenet's Buxton;
Curtis & Son's Cavalier vs. R. E. de B. Lopez"
Peplta; L. Wigtctn'a I 'exter P vs. J. O'Dowd'a
Shoot over; T. J. Cronin's Iron Duke vs R.
Prlnsle's Honor Bright: N. P. Whiting's St
Anthony vs. P. J. Nolte'a Rich and Artless: H
Allen's Alberta vs. J. Perry's Commodore Nash;
A V;m den Burgh's Kitty V vs. J. Watkln3"
Still True; J. BradshaWs Beauty vs. E M
KellOßg's lowa (Jlrl: J. Sesgerson's Gold Hill
vs. J. O'Dowd'e Clifton Lass.
Phrase Brings a High Figure.
CHICAGO, Nov. B.— The bay mare
Phrase, 2:12^.. by Onward, brought $4750
at the Splan-Xewgrass auction sale this !
afternoon, K. W. Lockwood of Pough
keepsle, N. V., being the buyer. The next
best price of the day was $850, paid for j
Diamond Star, by Red Heart, dam by '
Dictator. Tie was purchased by Bert;
Seeger o f Vienna. Austria.
* i — -
Pugilist Cavanaugh Acquitted.
PITTSBT'RG, Nov. B.— John Cavanaugh
and five others, charged with the death
of "Kid" Lavelle, who died from injuries
received in a prizefight with Cavanaugh
last April, were to-day found not guilty.
The costs were Imposed on the defend
ants.
Retween the years 1532 and IS9I England
lost fourteen millions of Its population by
(•migration. Germany lost five million's
between 1832 and ISOI.
(Sash
ADMIRAL
DEWEY GETS
THE PURSE
American-Bred Colt Ridden
to Victory by J. Reiff in
England.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. B.— At the Liverpool au
tumn meetings to-day Little Red Rat won
the ' - iid plate. Poulter, ridden
by Tod Bloan; Palmay, with J. Relfl up,
and Karnak, piloted by 1.. Relff, were un
placed. The betting- was 4 to 1 against
■ r.
Mister Man won the Cup Course plate,
m which Martin had the mount,
■ "iid.
Good Luck won the Great Lancai
Martin rod( - an rode 1 >om-
Inie 11. and I. ■ Wax Toy. but
were unplai ed The betting was lto i>j
against Dominie 11.
The Xi * Nursery race resulted in a
victory for Admiral Dewey, with J. R* iff
in tho Baddle. Bloan, Martin and L. ReifC
had mounts in this event, riding Yunib".
Vaevictis and Bournebridge, In
named, > ; i of which were unplaced. The
betting was 100 to 7 against Admiral D> w
ey and 8 to - Vaevictis.
een's Wake took the Westmoreland
Welter plate, Lord Kilkenny, ridden by
L. Reiff, and Ormeac ran a dead b.<
d. The betting was 2 to 1 against
Kilkenny.
Ycroscope won the Liverpool St. '
Herwood, ridden by L. Rein, v.
The betting was 9 to i against Herwood.
OVATION FOLLOWS
ANDERSON'S ACQUITTAL
Jury Disbelieves the Evidence of a
Detective Against the Accused
Bank Clerk.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Nov. B.— A
i eiul to the Times from Winnipeg, Mani
toba, says: .After being eight da.
trial the case against John W. An
1 fur the theft of $62,000 from Molson'a
Bank in 1897 went to the jury ai ll;25 thia
' morning. Judge Bain addressed the jury
i an hour and a quarter, going over every
detail in the casi and referring to the
character of Detective Davis, who, it ia
said, was noi a professional detective, buc
a private individual operating for a re
ward. The point was whether his evi
-Id< nee was Bufflcieotly Lorroborated. 'o
I satisfy the Jury.
i The jury returned in an hour and a halt
with a verdict of not guilty, and the
tators cheered, again and again in spite
' of the efforts of the Sheriff and his offl
cers to restore ,orcler. Th<> prla
frit nds crowded around the box to shake
; his hand, and he had a triumphant march
; out of the courthouse, with more cheer
ing.
A remarkable scene in a Canadian
- courthouse and a notable thing was the
in i. ~ei.ee of a large number
j Anderson was greeted with applause when
! he appeared on th" Btr< ets, and in th.>
i evening a procession was formed and
marched to the Roblin House, where a
banquet and reception was hold. Ander
son's mother, brothers and employer since
! he left the bank. J. W. Driscoll, an v
; the congratulation? to Anderson. It is
ireported that Anderson's friends will en
j ter suit against Davis for damages.
Young Anderson was employed by the
I bank months after the robbery and
! not arrested until about six months
! after the stolen treasure had been dua- up
in the outskirts of Winnipeg. The case
! against him was worked up by a Chicago
j detective named Davis.
KILLED IN A WRECK.
Accident Caused by the Train Run-
ning Into a Cow.
SPOKANE, Nov. S.— A Springdale spe
cial to the Spokesman-Review says:
Brakeman Burt Smith was killed
Fin man John B. Connelly fatally injured
In a wreck on the SooKane Falls
Northern road, six miles north of here,
this afternoon. Connelly died before a
wrecking train arrived from Spokai
freight train ran into a cow and the en
gine and two cars left the track.
Good Coast Defenses.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. B.— Major Oen
eral Nelson A. Miles left for San Fran-
Ctsco this morning. Speaking of the forti
fications at the mouth of the Columbia
he said: "The expen.se of ilu Government
fortifications at the Columbia is fully
justified. They protect one of the
harbors in the world. The river channel
is from 2."> to 30 feet deep and the Govern
ment no doubt will make it 40 feet deep.
It will pay to do so. The same thing I
have said regarding the Columbia River
fortification* applies to the improvements
on Puget Sound."
Hayden Jury Disagrees.
WEAVERVILLE, Nov. 8.-The trial of
Thomas Hayden, arrested on suspicion of
being an accessory to the murder of Jack
Littlefleld at Red Mountain on September
27, 138&, which has occupied the att<
of the Superior Court for the past three
week?, has resulted In the disagre.
of the jury. The case was given to the
jury last Monday evening. After delib
erating for thirty hours the jury was un
able to reach a verdict. The last ballot
stood six to six.
Negro Soldier Commits Suicide.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. B.— Captain Lewis Mc-
Nabb. 35 years old. commanding officer
of Company K. Forty-ninth United States
Volunteers, the colored regiment in camp
at Jefferson Barracks, committed suicide
by blowing the top of his brad off with a
Krag-Jorgensen rifle. McNabb, who in
colored, was recently promoted from first
mt in the Twenty-fourth Infantry.
No reason is known for the rulclde.ADVERTISEMENTS.
• • 9 •-•-•-♦-•-e^-«
6 &
©I; ' ®
\ Ladies' \
6 •
?20 pieces, 56 inches wide, ©
4 good value for $1.00, wiii <$
' be placed on sale at
I i
! 50c J
4 Yard, i;
I I
J. O'BRIEN & CO., i
§ 1146 MARKET STREET, ?!
J Bet. Taylor and Mason. © j
®-^-o-e-®-o-Q-©-^-®-Q j
ON THE INSIDE
Of a collar or shirt, cuff or ucderwear
done up at this laundry me'btis that
you are all right, and that your linen
looks as immaculate and of as smooth
and fine a finish as if it just came from
the furnishers. Comfort and satisfac-
tion we give you In every piece of linen
that we launder, and our prices are
trifling for It-
No "saw-edges."
United States Laundry. Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St. i
"EQUITABLE
yUUApLt
OIL CONY.
Land Located In the Very Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY. j
Surrounded by ring Wells.
Midway Between
Ooalinga and McKittrick Districts,
160 ACRES.
Title United States Patent.
Limited quantity of Treasury Stock now for
sale tor development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE,
No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Stock listed on California Oil Exchange. '
Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
San Francisco, Cal.
.*O-*O-»-O-»-O-*O-»-O-» O-»-O-«-O^O-»-O-#-O-*
♦ ■ «ar» X
■li"Tllliri; L
o *r*m * IS A 6
| M Natural Mineral Water ?
♦ t^-K known for centuries and f
O ftiS^L Imported q
o /^SL ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
♦ fo&JulM, or Disordared Stomach ♦
♦ S^^BM an^ Indigestion °
O SBS S^Slts Talue has teen testi- O
♦ &£*?£• ISa? ri<rd to by thousin<J 8- ♦
♦ VICHY| So-called Vichy in Sy- °
O phons ♦
♦ E^^S IS NOT VICHY - ♦
♦ 'fj^jgjla Get the Genuine.
j^E§i*iJi«2 Tour physician O I
♦ !u3W^i??v? wlil recommend It. ♦ '
4 '^m.*?]£jir* A VIGNIER, Dietributiag Agent J
■♦-o-»-Q+o-*o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-»-o ♦o>-o>-o-»
„ . ■ ..-. |
■^ TltfA | Healing, Harmless
gUßnm and Efficient.
A jLLEvwiiP w Positively removes
Pimples and all Skin
roR the Eruptions and pro- ;
COMPLSaON ;s; natural com ' |
TWO TINTS PnroS f ° takes th
FLESHY WHITE P lace ° Wde I a " d
DMon^n M'c'r rA l"'"yes no oily erftcts.
JVIADE ME A !V!AW
§AJA7TAULETS POSJTIViiLY CURB
CJC Xeivou* DUensef—Failiaz M«m>
Rj2 — - s\ or;;, tjitw-iilnikYaess, etc., caused by OTBr.
I? .Xl work and Indiscretions. They Quickly
\ tOEib "'"' sttreli/ rf>3toro Lost Vitality in old
\ "^ or roans and tit ■ nan for study. buni-
nei-f or pleasure. Pr»»ent Insanity and j
J^OorHumption if taken In T,i:ne. Their i
C»cBti<>w«iramodia(/O improvoniont, ; -ivi BectaCXTSB ;
where nil Others fnil. Insist upon bavins thußenuinn
iija^Table\3. Theylißve caretl thousands and will
cure jo-i. We Ki"?d n positive written rii-ir:»n!.(« to ef-
fect ft cure in s.vh <;a-:e or rcftin'l the money. Price
Eft p^C I' r '"■" *'•■-■'• or blx package« [full treat-
i/'ibu. mant) fur 52.50 by mail, iv plain vrrottor,
opon r«t«-«i;. of pries ' lure free.
AJAX REMEDY. CO., ™ c b o °7,, st
For sale In P. F. by Lelpfiltz A Co., No Per-
centaee Drue Co.. Owl r>rug Co., B. F., Oakl'd.
RUPTURE RELIEVED
By the Borick Air Cash on Truss
And In ma:- cases a perfect cure Is the result.
The hard, unyielding pad U(,ne away Bup«r-
aeded by the soft, piiable air pad. %i to $10.
Guaranteed IS J'earts. H^nrt 2c for catalogue
nORICK AIR Cl SHI TRUSS OT>. '
S. G. OASSAWAT, Special Agent, Room 534, ;
Pr.rrott nuiMins.
purr nrn/Ai M r aTic r K ° urt!i ana
bill L nUlnL^oHui^S
Vkiiaes cb«ick«U Ires.
MORE SOLDIERS
HOME FROM THE
BATTLEFIELDS
Warren Arrives With
Discharged Men.
MOVEMENTS OF TRANSPORTS
FIVE VESSELS ARE READY TO
SAIL AT ANY TIME.
Chief Officer Stark of the Steamer
Doric Ordered to England.
Whaling B^rk Andrew
Hicks in Port.
The United States army transport
Warren arrived from Manila yesterday,
making the run In the splendid time of
twenty-live days. She brought up sixteen
cabin passengers and a number of dls :
charged soldiers. There were two deaths
during the voyage. Victor P. Chapman,
sergeant. Battery P, Sixth Artillery, died
on November -; of consumption. Richard
McConvlile, a fireman on the transport,
died on November 5 of kidney disease.
The remains of both men were brought
to San Francisco.
Those who tame up on the transport
were:
! Manila to Nagasaki. Japan-c.oniman.ler
: Cornwall, -U. S. N.: Lieutenant K. U. M-^un.s
I 20th U. S. Infantry; Dr. U. I. Cullen. assistant
j surgeon, TJ. S. A.; Mr. Bteele. wai-rant ma
chinist, L". S. N. ■ 
1 Manila to San Franciso- Captain John Wai
tor Jr., assistant quartermaster, v. tv. A.; LOl
onol P. C. Pope. T. S. Marine Corps; Lieuten
ant S. A. Kepl.ar;, 4th V. S. ArUllery; Lieu
tenant- William H. Williams, 12th I. S. ln
fantry; Ueuienant M. C. Kerth. 'M L. s. ln
fantry: W. H. Coyne, civilian clerk; Rutherford
C Corbln, civilian clerk; Mrs. J. H. McUea
and two children; Miss Amy Holmes, Ked
Cross nurse; Miss Mary P. Darling, Kol (,mss
nurse; Miss Ann Stlrk. Ked Cross nurse; Miss
Ada C. Town, Red Cross nurse.
Discharged men— Albert Kolb. post quarter
master sergeant; Ernest A. Keever, corporal,
Company H. 3rd Intantry; James Kearney,
private, M, 3rd Infantry; Gilbert O. Hammer,
sergeant ma lor, 4th Infantry; Thomas J. Har
i rison, private, band, 4th Infantry; Carlos K.
Black, corporal, >'.. 4th Infantry; Charles E.
Turnbaugh, corporal. V. 4th Infantry; Thomas
E. Charlton. private, I>, 4th Intantry; Altred
I Stellmaoher, private, D, 4th Infantry; Charles
! O'Connor, corporal, E. 4th Infantry; Peter
Morris, corporal. Ii 4th Infantry: William
M.< ■arty, corporal, F, »th Infantry; Hollo D.
Harper, quartermaster sergeant. F. 4th In
i fantry; James E. Peters, cook. F. 4th In
i fantry; John H. Wright, private G, 4th In
fantry; Adolph Muller, private, H. 4th In
fantry; Fielding A. Chappell, corporal. 11. 4th
Infantry; Edgar A. Miller, corpural. : '. 4th
Infantry; Hey S. Ashl.y. private, I, 4th In
fantry; Silas C Whitcomb, private. I. 4th In
fantry; Thomas J. Scanlon, private. I. 4th In
fantry; Hampton H. Miller, private. K. 4th
Infantry; Henry M. Crull, sergeant, U 4th
Infantry; Patrick Henry, private, M, 4th In
fantry; Charles l>anz. Berpeant, 11, 9th In-
I fantry; Charles Buchtl musician. C, in In
| fantry; Michael J. Waldon, musician, E, 9th
' Infantry; Christopher Olm, corporal, H, 9th
1 Infantry; Charles H. Willis, private. K. Sth
Infantrj': William Barber, private. X, ftth In
: fantry; Darius F. Faubian, private. U. 12th
I Infantry; Jesse W. Weaver, corporal, B, 12th
Infantry; George F. Stice, private. L, 12th In
■ fantry; George Tiernan, sergeant, M, 12th In
! fantry; Arthur I. Oshorn. corporal, M, 14th
Infantry; Bernard Braddlck, corporal, A. ISth
Infantry; T. Wilson, private, A. 17th Infantry:
Adam D. Ellenben sergeant, G, 17th Infantry;
Frederick Lehmkey. private, A, Mi: Infantry;
Spencer C. Stackhouse, corporal. A, l^th Infan
try; William M. Heed, corporal. P. ISth Infan
try: Frank Johnson, sergeant, F. 1-th Infantry;
Guy H. Mitchell, corporal. F. Sth Infantry;
Lee J Unternehr. corporal. V. 18th Infantry;
Lee Judge 1 , private. G, ISth Infantry; Frank
C. Smith, private, I. ISth Infantry; William
}< Hahn, sergeant, K. ISth Infantry; - 1 "-
Besting. private, I), K'th Infantry; Carl
Walden, sergeant, ' '. 20th Infantry: Don Petti
t-^ne, private. C, 20th Infantry: M. G. Sted
rr.an. private, C, 20th Infantry: James P. Dono
van, private, D, 2Cth Infantry; John Heggertj-,
private, E, 2Cth Infantry; Harry Barber, pri
vate. G, 20th Infantrj-; C. H. Stewart, private.
H, 20th Infantry; John Burke, corporal. I. 20th
Infantrj" John H. Jones, private, L. th In
fantry; W. E. Wilds, private, L-. 20th Infantry;
Gottlob Hopp, sergeant A, 21st Infantry;
Michael McNally, private E. 21st Infantry:
Charles L. Did el. private. C, .. I Infantry;
William A. White, private, B, 23d Infantry;
John Rlley, private, D, 23d Infantry;
Charles Stoltnow, corporal, E. 23d Infantry;
William B. Smith, sergeant G, 23d Infantry;
John E. Fctterly. private, L, .Id Infantry;
James H. Ball, corporal. Battery G 3d Artil
lery; John C. Kolb, private. Battery L, 3d
Artillery; Charles E. Jones, corporal. Battery
D 6th Artillery; Victor P. Chapman, sergeant.
Battery F. Cth Artillery: William H. Snow,
private. Battery ii. 6th Artillery; Charles It::.
private Troop X, 4th Cavalry; Arthur F. Hew
itt private. Troop F, 4th Cavalry; William
berick, private Troop X, 4th Cavalry:
Charles Powers, private. Troop K. 4th Cavalry;
Klrley Fltzpatrick. private, A. Ist Tennessee:
Charles S. "I". 'A. private. A. Ist Tennessee;
Charles A. Ryan, private. E, Ist Tennessee;
Caleb A. Rooker, private, K. Ist Tennessee;
Lewis R. Doris, corporal, H, Ist Tennessee;
John H. Hart, corporal, H, Ist Tennessee;
John T Fox, private, X, Ist Tennessee:
Hopkins Kelly, private, K. Ist Tennessee;
James Lavelle. sergeant. L. Ist Tennessee;
Howard W. Ross, corporal, E, Blat Iowa; James
H. Noland, private. E, .'lst Iowa; Lewis E.
Lamb private, F, 51st Iowa; Benjamin S. Wil
lis, private. H. .'.lst Iowa; Oliver P. Deer, pri
vate. X, 51st Iowa; Clay H. Villemaln. private.
X slßt Iowa; Thomas J. Brown, private, X,
61st Iowa: P. H. Donoghue, private, C, Ist
California; John A. R</gers. private, C, Ist
California: Anton Elinger, private, G. Ist
California; E. H. Levy, private, G, Ist Cali
fornia; Harry J. Webb, private. Battery D.
California Heavy Artillery; F. P. J. Blake, pri
vate Battery B. Utah Light Artillery; Bert
W. Austin private. Battery B, Utah Light Ar
tillery; James West, sergeant. D, Second Ore
gon: William F. Bohl, private, H, Thirteenth
Minnesota; Arthur E. Drake, private, D,
Twentieth Kansas; Wilbur Hutchlnson, private,
M Twentieth Kansas; William T. Richards,
corporal, Troop A, Nevada Cavalry; William
Bassen, private, Hospital Corps; Robert L.
Sharp, private. Hospital Corps; James T.
Frank, private, Hospital Corps; George K.
Pan-lsee, private. Hospital Corps; William D.
Hurray, private. Hospital Corps; J. A. Bow
n:an, private, Hospital Corps; Wilbur B. Coe,
private. Hospital Corps; J. A. Johnson, pri
vate. Hospital Corps; George Ginty, packer;
George Verrall, packer; Thomas Shea, packer;
C. H. Goodyear, teamster; W. 11. Payne, vet
erinary surgeon; William Peters, civilian;
Samuel Mayer, civilian; O. M. French, sea
man; W. E. James, seaman; D. Kinnlbrugh,
apprentice.
Prisoners for Mare Island— Hunt, lands
man, U. S. N. ; D. W. Thornton, coal passer,
U. S. A.
Prom Nagasaki, Japan Pam 1,. Wilson, prl
vat», F, Sixteenth Infantry; Tom Murphy, pri
vate. 1., I '
Captain P. L. Miles came bnck on the
Warren a- army quai ter, h.ivlnp
relieved Captali S. A. (.Inraan at Manila,
The tatter waa ordered to rt.-iuin his reg-i
--ment, ihp Twenty-third Infantry, at Jola.
I The news of Captain Cloman's removal
received with mm h regret aboard the
: transport, as he had endeared himself to
I every oftir-.-r and man aboard the ship.
The day before the Warren sailed from
Manila the officer Invited Captain Clo
man aboard and presented him with a
beautiful silver loving cup, suitably en
graved. The g eom
and it was some
tim*» before he could return thanks.
Captain Miles, who has taken • •aptain
place as qu • ■-. haa dis
tinguished himself for gallantry in the
Philippines, and during the present voy
: ape has proved himself an able and e'f
tH-i'-m quarterma
The Russian stei :.. i Dalney Vostok has
■ ■ ■■ by the ( rovernmenj to
; troops i" :\^;::;;!: ( Bl c was docked
terday and
. will be ntted out as quickly .is po
The Ohio went on Hunters Point Srydock
i the Duke i t Fife >■ eni to i ■'• I
; and the Hancock is coaling in the stream
! In all, five transports are ready to leave
! for Manila at an hour's notice. They are
i The Hancock. !';:t!:a'i. Benator, City of
Sydney and City "f Puebla. They may
I all pet away next Monday.
Tho Alaska Commercial Company's fine
steamer St. Paul Is to be i ihrist
; mas ship. All the present for the i
in ilio Philippines will leave on her on the
20th in.--'.. Last year the St. Paul carried
i all tin; California Christmas pr<
, leaving here on
.Manila December 22. Thi« year she leaves
two days earlier, and Captain \i-.<
--: pects to make Manila about December is
Chief Officer Stark <<f the O. and o'
my 's - : • amer I loric has t..-.. n nr
dered home to England. 'Die vessel is
chartered by the company from the
White Star line, and all "tho officers
were subject to th^ latter conci m. \\'h.'n
the Doric was here last Chief Offi< er
Stark attempted to dock her during the
absence of Captain Smith, and ran her
lnto the wharf, cutting away about
twenty feet of the structure. The mis-
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, NOYEMBEK 9, 1899.
© rpiIE steamer Weeott, coming in from Eureka, ran Into the pilot boat America, lying at anchor off Meiggs Wharf, early Q
.a. I yesterday morning. The steamer was not damaged, but the pilot boat lost her bowsprit and had her stem damaged. +.
-♦- I Onlookers say that the helmsman on the Weeott put his helm the wrong way and was promptly knocked down by the +
♦ - 1 officer on duty for his blunder. The officer then took the wheel, but was too late to avert the collision. The America -♦■
■* will be laid up for some time, as a new stem may have to be put in her. T
hap was reported to the English owners. <
and Mr Stark'B recall followed. First
Kearney will go out as chief
■ ifficer.
Chief Officer TVnt of the China will
.in the steamer this trip. He
Ing to take a vacation.
The whaling bark Andrew Hicks ar
from Okhotsk Sea yesterday. Dur-
Ing t!w season her crew secured 8500
whalebone, 615 barrels of whale
oil and forty-seven barrels of sperm oil.
On May 5 Fifth Mate Nevis harpooned a I
large bowhead, but a blow from the
- tail smashed in the boat. First
• : went to the assistance
. ■ Nevis and his men. and not only res
cued them, but also captured the whale.
The army transport service wants more
, ffi ce room at Folsom -street wharf I. The
State Board of Harbor Commlsisoners
was appealed to, and at the regular
weekly meeting yesterday afternoon the
referred the matter to the Chief
WharfiT ger , _
The I ondon Bridge and Construction
haa the contract for re
nali nX Broadway wharves 1 and 2. Fol
som 1 and 2 and Howard l and 2, present
ed a bill amounting to $8605 IT. The re
to Slate dredK< r 1 have cost, in
s to calkers and laborers. $14 9 , re.
Fted C Smith and Arthur Bolfing have
ted ( ollectors, the former to
. a H. R. Stackhouse, while the lat
. n reappoint< d.
TENNESSEE VOLUNTEERS
WILL ARRIVE FRIDAY
DELEGATION FHOM NASHVILLE
TO WELCOME THEM.
The Street Fighting Soldiers Left to
the Mercy* of the Civil Au
thorities.
The Tfnness<=-e volunteer rogrlment Is
now scheduled to arrive from the Philip
pine on the" transport Indiana Friday
morning, and a warm welcome awaits the
gallant fighters bailing from the land of
Andrew Jackson. A party of thirty-live
Tennesseeans, headed by A.djutanl Gen
eral W. M. Brandon, arrived In San Fran
cisco yesterday, and to them will h* ac
i tii honor of being the first to
the returning veterans. The dele
gation which left Nashville last Friday
includes the following:
Adjutani General W. M. Brandon, Con
man John West Games, chairman of
the reception committee; Mrs. H. F.
Beaumont, president of the Army Com
fort Circle of Tennessee: Mrs. Buckner.
president of the Tennessee Woman's
Auxiliary of the Christian Commission,
and Mr. Bucknor: Mrs. Marsh T. Polk,
Mrs. James K. Polk. I. M. Griffin, repre
senting the Confederate Veterans; Mrs.
Elmer Bruce. Mrs. Nathaniel Gooch, Mrs.
Mary C. Dorris, of the. National Ameri
can- George T. Halley of the Nashville
Banner, all of Nashville; Mrs. Clay
Stucker Lieutenant Cave Johnson, Mrs.
c w Bailey, Miss [Catherine O Brien,
sister of Captain O'Brien of the Tennes
see regiment; Finis Ewing and Inncs
Cheatham of Clarksville, Mrs. J. H. An
drews of Franklin. Mr. ami Mrs. J. \\ .
Friarson of Columbia. W. A. McCraw of
Dover and Miss Elizabeth Kirby, Mrs.
MU>' Brance, Miss Mary Hile Cockerill
and Mis.s Warnock.
The Tennesseeana will go out on the
tug Governor Markham to meet the
transport as she enters tlie harlnjr. Ar
rangements are being made for a great
: ition at Nashville whin the sol
dier boys arrive at the capital of their
State after they are mustered out.
Several of the volunteer regiments now
encamped on the Presidio reservation will
sail f'>r the Philippines within the next
few days. The first to go will probably
be the Thirty-eighths Fortieth and Forty
fourth regiments,
I •■ utenanta W. W. 'Rachelder. B. P.
Lukens, <J. W. Earl and C. W. Pierce of
* "'' : . : - .ai^^j i ._
MAKES MEN STRONG.
:' . ■ ■■ ■ •
o^\ ■Dp"-McLai]ff ; hlin's Elfifitrir; "Rfilt .
&£~~** \. •' JL^r JL o aiA w AmmA SgJ^fi mJi. Cnnt. iII 1 ksJ J_^J J. l^i i^l j. 1 3n*&\_f a \Jg
Mfc ' *r| y^*^. My Electric Belt will cure all those weaknesses of
1--^ '>) Dr. McLaughlin's the nerves strong, the Belt.
' -J •^"V Electric Belt will cure all those weaknesses of
(T Il5l^) ~^~^ "' ~^S^^^^^ and Will fill the t>ody with that fire » that vim, that snap
I" ' / "^s^^^^^ which denotes perfect youthful manhood.
J-^ I "fj yr^f^^i i men. It will trie Belt has cured 10,000 eyes in this
"llS^^"^ and will fill the body with that tire ' that vim ' that snap
/, which denotes perfect youthful manhood.
I J^^s^^ My hlectric Belt has cured 10,000 men in this
/ IJf | "c ¥ IllUlm State alone. It has cured men who had spent $1000
//(/'•■)! ': , Jfflj/Jf] I m useless drugging, and who now proclaim to the world that they would
V -^ ml ft \ not take that amount for my belt.
.1. • - /j||li\ "*a " IMi!j Vo GLENWOOD, Santa Cruz Co., Cal., Sept. 22. 1889.
v — y liMu\\V " jjil ' \ T)U. M. A. McUT'GHLIN,
■< iJfwMrtilsi -r- ;'Vi . = - i '// V Dear Sir: Your Electric Belt treatment has so wonderfully Improved my condition that
111 MA* Mfi/ft'A // _^-^3P« V * am now assistinc a friend also to use it for his Sciatic Rheumatism. I Rained a good
iiJllfmS^n!f!iy-t -_ V>li!'»!V-""?TCftF I 1 (leal of useful- knowledge from your little book and value that very much. Mine was a terri-
/'gljUßmlinill\\^X^^r^Bi^F^^-^\. \ ''" case and I had about lost faith In any cure. Hut your remedy has saved me and
//{MHfßgjTjlllh 1 7v^^wW/Jr)*u!^-'"^ \ l turned hack the hand of time to youth and cured my jialns and Rheumatism. Yours truly,
wff'l' •' I,' - • . ■, ■'J9■ ■" • READ MY . BOOM. FTST JP^
. . • m\ll/\ EJ IYI ¥. . Jlj\J\Jm\ m m\ EZ. EZ»
I have just published a beautifully illustrated 80-page book, devoted to the upbuilding of manhood and the
cure of all those weaknesses from: which men suffer. It should be read by every man who is not what he thinks he
ought to be. It will be the guiding star to your future happiness and will save you a great deal of misery. 1 will
send it, closely sealed, FREE on request
no M A A/Ir>l AIT^HI Il\J 702 Market St,, cor. Kearny, San Francisco, and
L lJtv» lVl« /%.• iTIOLi/VU VJI IL4III , Burdick Block, Corner Spring and Second Stress, Los Angeles.
Office hour»-Sa. m. to 8:30 p.m.; uundays, 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. . • ,'
AN EARLY MORNING COLLISION.
THREE MEN NEARLY LOSE
THEIR LIVES IN THE BAY
I 0 rp HREE men nearly lost their lives by drowning yesterday in the bay. ©
| 5 I Two made deliberate attempts at suicide and the third, a German sailor, ♦
j + I was trying to escape from the gunboat Geier. •?
j*£ I 11. Kroenhart, the sailor, had a marvelous escape. He was four- £
j am teen hours in the water and was nearly dead when picked up by the +
\ river steamer Dauntless. Nearly two weeks ago Kroenhart robbed a £•
I i* shipmate of $8 and made his escape to the shore. He was captured in a 4-
I -▼■ saloon on Geary street and taken back to the gunboat. There he was put *?
j 88 in irons to await the return of the Geier to Germany, where he would be £
i court-martialed and punished. V
V By some means or other Kroenhart got out of his irons last Monday Jl
I ?m afternoon. He waited until it was dark and then, seizing a lifebuoy, slipped +
+ overboard. The tide was running out at the time and the sailor could make 55
55 no headway against it. He was carried down past Alcatraz and nearly out 4
-- to sea before the tide turned. Then the current carried him up along the 23
28 Marin shore through Raccoon straits and about 6 a. m. yesterday he was ♦
♦ in almost slack water off Sheep Island. 85
I V The steamer Dauntless was on her way from Stockton to San Francisco g»
I £• and Captain Goodale caught sight of the man and the lifebuoy. He at once +
j+' stopped his vessel and lowering a boat picked Kroenhart up. The sailor 28
jBB was completely exhausted and more dead than alive. Everything possible 4
"♦" was done for him, and as soon as the steamer docked he was hurried to the ♦*
r * Harbor Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Cherry attended to him. •*
*£ As soon as he could be moved Kroenhart was taken in charge by the *.
gg German Consul and put aboard the Geier. The vessel was to have sailed at *+
; ♦ 2 p. m., but owing to the thick weather outside remained in port until to- $%
& day. Kroenhart may be a prisoner aboard the ship for a year, or until the ♦
4 Geier returns to Germany, unless another man-of-war homeward bound •*
i♦? should be spoken. *
♦ Charles Martin, a clerk in the United States army quartermaster's de- * 3
•* partment, made two attempts during the afternoon to drown himself at *
* Meiggs wharf. Martin's wife died a short time ago and he has been de- *°
•* Bpondent ever since. The first time he jumped over he was picked up by the *.
Z> crew of the revenue cutter Hartley and put ashore. Instead of going home V
V as he promised he went behind the Merchants' Exchange house and jumped Z,
o# In again. This time he was rescued by Jim Farley and Tom Crowley and ?
+ sent to the Receiving Hospital. *
.* P. F. Murrey, who lives at 11 Glover street, jumped off Mission street *+
♦ wharf and was rescued by some bystanders. He was taken to the Harbor 1%
I** Hospital, where Dr. Morrison soon had him as well as ever. Murrey has ♦
* been drinking and is of the impression that his family has been murdered 88
•5 and that some one Is after him to take his life. ♦
•
, #£+82+ ?i+?i+ ?S>?B+&+ SB+S3+SJ+ ?B+BB+ «■ J?tSS^sS>?i ♦ 88<f884 8S> ?S>B2<f!i>-Bi4-?2>#
• the Forty-sixth Regiment, who were re- |
! cently ordered before an examining board
to determine their timess to hold commis
sions are tr> lie yiven another chance,
' with a warning from Colonel Schuyler
I if they showed unfitnesa for their duties
that they would be summoned before an
other examining board after their arrival
i in the Philippines.
A peneral court-martial has been ordered
to meet In the camp of the Thirty-eighth
Regiment to-day for the trial of such
prisoners as may be brought before it.
The detail for the court is as follows:
' Major Charles H. Muir, Thirty-eighth
Infantry. U. S. V.; Major James D. Glen
; nan. Thirty-eighth Infantry, I*. S. V. ;
, Captain Ross A. Nichols, Thlrty-elffhth
Infantry. 1". S. V.: Captain John L. Jor
dan, Thirty-eighth Infantry, I. S.. V.;
' Captain Robert M. Nolan, Thirty-eighth
; Infantry, U. S. V.; First Lieutenant John
E Morris. Thirty eighth Infantry. U. S.
X. ; First Lieutenant William A. Coving
; ton, Thirty-eighth Infantry, V. S. V.:
First Lieutenant Henry V. Stevens.
: Thirty-eighth Infantry. U. S. V.; Second
j Lieutenant Daniel R. Johnson, Thirty
! eighth Infantry, I*. S. V. ; Second Lleu
i tenant William O. Thornton. Thirty-
I eighth Infantry, I*. S. V.; Second Lieu-
I tenant Walter C. Hudson. Thirty-eighth
Infantry. U. B. V.: Second Lieutenant
: John R. Maxwell, Thirty-eighth Infantry.
1 D. S. V. ; Captain John \V. Moore, Thirty
eigh Infantry. U. S. V.. judge advocate.
! The pugnacious volunteers of the Forty
-1 sixth and Forty-fifth regiments who were
gathered in by the police Tuesday after
noon while engaged in a riot on Dupont
strict must answer for their fun In the
| civil courts, so far as the military au
■ thorities are concerned. None of them
I had returned to camp yesterday after
noon.
Sergeant H. K. Bane of the Nevada
i Volunteer Cavalry has been commissioned
a first lieutenant in the Thlrtv-ninth In
fantry.
Major General Shatter returned from
Bakersflold yesterday and in the after
noun went out to the transport Warren
just in from Manila with discharged sol
diers.
Major John W. Hannay, Third Infantry,
has bpen ordered to proceed to the Phil
ippines on the City of Sydney.
Alfred Mordecal, son of Colonel Mor
decai of the ordnance department an.!
brother of the widow of Lieutenant Col
onel Mlley, died Monday of tuberculosis
and was yesterday burled in the military
cemetery at the Presidio.
The order discharging Captain Guthrie
of the Forty-fourth Regiment for physi
cal disability has been temporarily 're
voked.
A Chinese Swindler.
Ling King, a Chinese tailor at 717H Pa
cific street, was held to answer yesterday
before the Superior Court by Judge Gra
ham on a charge of felony embezzlement
! in $2000 bonds. He got 52 pairs of trousers
from Steiner, Strauss & Heyman. 11 San-
BOrne street, to alter and he pawned them.
He was also serveu yesterday with a war
j rant at the instance of M, Tobias. 706
Howard street, charging him with mlsde-
I meanor embezzlement for pawning four
\ teen yards of cloth sent him to make into
| clothing.
Eastern Star Election.
At a meeting of Olive Branch Chapter
last night the following named were elect
ed officers for the ensuing- term: Miss
Millie Conskey, worthy matron; Dr. A.
Miles Taylor, worthy natron: Anna Arper.
associate matron; Eva Sheeline. secre
tary; Celina Clprlco, treasurer; Margaret
Fitch, conductress, and Mrs. L. C. Pisto
lesi, associate conductress.
BAY STATE HID
IN IMPOUNDING
WATER IS CITED
Thomas Finds a Case
in Point.
CONVENTION CLOSE AT HAND
. — «
GOVERNMENT'S LIMITATIONS
ARE EXPLAINED.
♦
Stress Placed Upon California's Sole
Control of Its Water Supply So
That Complications May
Be Avoided.
President Thomas of the California As
sociation for the Storage of Flood Waters
calls attention to the action of the State j
of Massachusetts in the matter of pro
viding a water supply for Greater Bos- j
ton as Illustrative of what is considered !
prudent In i ne of the oldest and most
conservative States in the Union and as I
having a bearing upon the arguments that
may be made at the State convention
next week in reference to the action of j
California toward the Impounding of flood j
xvaiers for irrigating. An ao'ount of tlvj
action of Massachusetts appeared in a
recent number of Harper's Magazine. In !
view of the warm discussion which Los j
Angeles is carrying on concerning a bond |
issue by the State of California to pro- |
vide restraining dams, the following ex- i
tract from the article In question is i
given:
The demand had equaled the maximum
capacities of these suppli'-'^. and new
eources were remote. Only by co-operation i
could the proper new ■otlTCefl b* .'-•cure'!.
The State, therefore, again came forward
as agent for the associated municipalities.
■\Vlth extraordinary celerity an abundant
supply of exceptionally pure and soft water
was introduced from the Nashua River,
where, on the site of one of the largest im- I
pounding reservoirs in the world, a large
manufacturing village had to be wiped out
of existence. The new system is so planned
as to admit of indefinite extension, to in
clude river after river when needed, and
answer every demand of a population ot
many millions.
Mr. Thomas thinks that the attendance j
at the convention next week will be large. ■
He hopes that harmony will be reached I
through the committee on resolutions.
"1 have been told," he said yesterday,
"that a dam five feet high across the ■
mouth of Clear Lake would hold all the
drainage of the watershed and would i
provide power sufficient to move all the
wheels in Oakland; also that the cost of j
I building the dam would, not exceed the ;
| cost of the damage done by the flood
I waters of the lake in one year. What
i has the Government to do, for instance,
! with damming Clear Lake? Nothing, of
course.
"If the Government should build storage
reservoirs, they could be only to further
navigation, holding bßck the floods and
releasing the water when the rivers are
! at low ebb, for the Government's rights
I are confined to the matter of navigation.
i How would It help us, as lrrigatnrs, to
have the water impounded solely to raise
the river when necessary?
"The really active opposition to the
i proposed action of the State In its own
, behalf comes from the national irrigat
! ors. Their arguments are based upon the
report of Chittenden. The fact he
brought out that the water supplies in
all the arid regions of the ("nited States
I with the exception of the Pacific Coast
j are complicated— no arid States except
I those indicated having an entirely inde
! pendent water supply — is ignored in the
; arguments now made against the State
'■ plan. California has all her water supply
i within her own borders, and can act with
| out any fear of complications with her
neighbors or the Government.
AWAITING THE INDIANA.
Tennessee Delegation Here to Bid
Its Brave Welcome Home.
The Tennessee delegation, which has
come to welcome the volunteers return
ing on the transport Indiana, arrived In
the city yesterday, forty strong, and is j
now quartered at the Occidental Hotel j
waiting for thf tinkling of the telephone j
I bell which shall cail them to receive the j
news of the arrival of the troops who are i
now expected at any hour.
When the boys arrive the friends who
i are now awaiting them will follow the
established precedent, go out and meet j
them in the tug Markham, take them !
hampers filled with things to please their :
palates, so long accustomed to rice and j
coffee, tend to the sick ones among them
and try to make the time of their deten
tion pass as comfortably and pleasantly
as possible until they are mustered out !
and sent home.
In Nashville a grand reception has been !
arranged, at which the troops will be re- \
| viewed by President McKinley, General j
Corbln, Fitzhugh Lee, Admiral Schley j
and a host of other notables.
The volunteers will be presented with
medals commemorative of the patriotism
and valor they have displayed, the money
for which has been raised by the Wo
man's Comfort Circle of Tennessee, to
| which patriotic organization nearly every i
; mother, sister, daughter and wife in the j
; State belongs.
The Warren has already arrived and
! the Indiana is expected to follow within
I twenty-four hours at the outside. Among j
! those of the delegation waiting to meet !
her when she arrives are: K. O. Bean,
Qeneral W. M. Brandon, chairman of the ,
delegation; G. T. Halley, secretary: Con
gressman J. W. Games. P. M. Griffin, B.
J. McCauly, Charles Johnson, Mr. and
Mrs. H. B. Buckner. W. A. McCraw, T.
Ewing, Robert L. Morris. James Cheat
ham, Mrs. E. Li. Bruce, Mrs. R. E. Mar
| tin, Mrs. J. Anderson, Miss Bullock, Mrs.
J. G. McGuire, D. A. Robinson, Mrs
Baily. Mrs. Clay Stocker, Miss O'Brien,
Mrs. A. M. Branch, Mrs. A. C. Gillen,
Mrs. M. T. Polk, Mrs. James R. Polk,
. Mrs. N. Gorch and Mrs. M. C. Boerls.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT.
DrThJLUS EXTOLS WHISKEY.
ONE OF NEW YORK'S MOST EMINENT
MEDICAL AUTHORITIES.
HIS VIEWS ST,R STATE MEDICAL ASSO-
CIATION.
>
Gives It First Place as a Drug in the
Field of Therapeutics, and Refer 3
Slightingly to Its Enemies.
New York Sun, Oct. 25.
The New York State Medical Associa-
tion began its sixteenth annual meeting
at the Academy of Medicine yesterday.
Physicians from all parts of the State
were present. Dr. Thomas J. Hill of
this city stirred up some discussion by
a paper on alcohol. Alcohol, he said, was
of many kinds. As an ingredient In alco-
holic drinks it is not necessarily harmful.
New whiskey he denounced as unlit for
use.
It is the quality of the alcoholic product,
not its quantity, that should be con-
demned.
Dr. Hillis put alcohol first among gen-
eral stimulants and heart tonics, and said
that it was an excellent food in many
cases where other foods could not be re-
tained. He then paid his respects to the
temperance people in the following man-
ner:
"The man is 'justified who, feeling in-
secure, puts up a lightning rod to pro-
tect his house; so is the man who cannot
handle alcohol in a rational manner
equally justified in taking a pledge and
attaching himself to a temperance soci-
ety. There he will have an opportunity
with the others to put himself on exhibi-
tion as a weakling and a person without
moral strength or resolution, but he has
no right to denounce alcohol because of
his weakness any more than he should
a lamppost which he was- unfortunate
enough to run foul of when under the in-
fluence of his potation. The physician
above all men must not be frightened
away from his obligation to his patient
by the noise and clamor made, by the
clergyman or the temperance orator, the
former of whom may know nothing of
alcohol; the latter too much. It is diffi-
cult to contemplate without pity the posi-
tion of these poor men, conscripts from
the medical profession and others assem-
bled in the moral blockhouse, unconscious
that no war exists, but who are fighting
for principles that have been conceded,
and deaf to the bugle blast of common
sense which demands reconciliation and
reunion as a common benefit to all.
"Alcohol is a form of food already di-
gested.
. "It has a place on the sideboard and It
must have a place in the sick room until
we discover another agent more efficient
and able to supplant it by virtue of its
availability and physiological* action. No
such agent, however, has yet been dis-
covered, the opinions of others to the con-
trary notwithstanding."
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey is the purest
alcoholic stimulant known to the medical
profession. No sick room or hospital
should be without it. Over 7000 doctors,
who believe as Dr. Hillis does, prescribe
and recommend it; it is also used in nearly
every prominent hospital exclusively.
Write for our interesting book of infor-
mation. We will send you a copy free for
the asking. Duffy Malt Whiskey Company,
Rochester, N. Y.
NOTICE !
ARE YOU INTERESTED IN OIL? j
! READ THIS:
I OUR RECORD! \
I First— We selected the heart of the
I oil district.
1 . Second — We sunk test wells and struck I
I oil. :
3 Third— We have contracted for three i
1 large 11-Inch wells within two weeks j
I from date of incorporation. ;
I Fourth — officer of this company j
I can draw pay or salary till dividends j
3 are declared. ;
| Fifth— No officer, director or incor- ;
3 rorator can sell a share of stock till
1 we have oil In paying: quantities. ;
3 Sixth— We invite the public to inspect '■
|£j our books and bank account before in- ;
n vesting, that they may satisfy them-
■ pelves that every dollar is used for de-
I velopment purposes.
I Seventh— In Mr. M. M. Og-den's report !
on the district made for the j
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE,
He designates the locality where we
have 640 acres as being the MOTHER «
SOURCE and possessing the MOST ?
PERFECT CONDITIONS FOR OIL HE
EVER SAW.
Eighth— Don't forget that we will sell
S at 35c per share for a short time only
then $1.
Ninth — Bear in mind that 50 or 100
shares will place you on the sunny side
of Easy street within 60 days.
; PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO.,
29 MILLS BUILDING, THIRD FLOOR.
1 ri $1.00 A WEEK
I^*T Pays for an
HP^lfoss All-Wool Men's Suit
fCvi Ladies' Tailor-made
J ; U Suit,
I 7 J^Si US Made as- they should
> < "£jjß*Kig; be made and guaran-
L\ ' i teed t0 flt-
tsl.oo A extend
All-Wool Men's Suit
Ladies' Taiior-made
Made as they shouM
be nade and guaran-
We willingly extend
X J \ >y. t-'Zfi credit to all who pre-
fer to pay a little at a
T\ P CHICAGO
1 TAILORING CO.
:J| I / 1816 Market Street.
"SjfV I / Oakland Branch. 41S
Fourteenth st.
Open Evenings.
Furniture Buyers
Call and examine my prices on furniture,
carpets, stoves, etc., before purchasing else-
where. You can save' fully 20 per cent by buy-
Ing here. Liberal credit extended to all; $00
worth of furniture tor $1 per week.
Estimates given on complete house furnish-
ing from cellar to garret.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Stocktcn and Powell.
Opp. Union Square.
Free delivery Oakland, Alameda and Berke-
ley. Open evenings.
THE WEEKLY CALL
.ot It Publishes the Cream of th 9
J News of the Week anl
©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
eJ ORiGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS TMB BEST WEEKLY
©/ PAPER ON THB
J PACIFIC COAST
©C _^ — -
1 ' N. /
3 The Best >v / Mining
°) Telegraphic y News That
o< Service oo /\ Is Accurate
©< The Coast / up to data
» / V. .-
A —
cJ Net a Line of ft Sensational
2 or l ; aky, and Not a Line of
Ti it Dry or Uninteresting.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
56
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 9, 1899"
JOHN D. ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts. 3, F
Telephone Main ISGB.
LDITOKIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IST*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. l."i CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, !i cents.
Term* by Mall, Including Postage!
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), i months .... 1.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <>"><•
SUNDAY CALL One Tear 1.30
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 -°°
All postmasters nre authored to receive subscriptions.
Kamplu copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE... 908 Broadway
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpneum— Va lei tile.
Columbia— yßy the Sad Sea Waves.'!
California— "The School for Scandal."
Tlvoll-"lVAfricalne. -I
Alcazar — "Nerves."
Grand O|>era-house— "The Merry Monarch."
New Alh.iml>ra— Mile. Flfl. from Paris.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. .
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase and performances.
Y. -M C. A. Auditorium— Entertainment to-morrow night.
Western Turf Association, l^an Mateo County— Hares.
AUCTION SALES.
By Edward S. Si'ear .fc Co.— Friday, November 10, at 11
O'clock, Furniture and Works of Art, at "I Sutl street.
By F.aston, KMridge & Co.— Tuesday, November 14, at 12
o'clock. Heal Ks tate, at C 33 Market street.
By Yon Rhein <fc Co.— Thursday, November 16, at 12 o'clock.
Real* Estate, at M 3 California t-t.
THE MAN FOR THE PLACE.
NOW that the eld I over and the politi
. the year have been settled, the
iple yi the Pacific Coast would better return
issue on which ail are or ought to be
that of procuring the appointment of a rep-
I tst to the vacancy on the Inter
state Commerce Commission.
It is to Jjc retted that two candidates for the
office have • en put forward from the coast, but the
regret is not one which should cause much, if any,
hesitation. The choice between the two is not difh
cult to make. General Chipman has been nominated
as the candidate of Mr. Stubbs of the Southern Pa
cific; W. K. Wheeler has been nominated by a con
ference of the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manufac
turers' Association, at which there were representa
tives of every important city of the three States, Cali
fornia, Oregon and Washington. The first candidate
has been indorsed by his personal friends and by such
persons as are subject to the pull of Mr. Stubbs. The
second has received the indorsement and support of
every commercial and industrial organization of note
on the coast.
Arc we to have on the Interstate Commerce Com
mission the representative of the railroad or the rep
resentative of the business interests of all tlie people
of Washington, Oregon and California?
It is to be noted in the first place that the coast
is entitled to a representative on the commission.
Commercially and industrially the Union is divided
into five great divisions — the New England States,
the Middle States ... seaboard, the. Mis
sissippi Valley States, the Southern States, and the
Pacific States. There are five members of the com
mission. It was the intention of the framers of the
act by which the commission was created that each
of the great divisions of the Union should have a
representative upon it. New England, the Middle
States, the South and the Mississippi Valley have al
ways had representatives on the commission. The
Pacific Coast has never had one. It is an open se
cret that Southern Pacific influence has prevented
the coast from having a representative Commissioner
in the past, and is now determined either to have its
own man or none at all.
The representative business men of Washington,
Oregon and California have at last united to make the
fight for the * ■ They have nominated for the
office a man who for years has made a study of inter
state commercial questions, and who i- recognized
as an established authority on all points involved in
such questions. Whether the issues raised be of law
or of fact, of precedent or of principle, he understands
them, and it is a foregone conclusion he would not
be on the commission long before he would be
looked to for counsel and judgment not only on
Pacific Coast matters but upon all questions that
arise.
It is to be noted, moreover, that there ought to be
upon the commission not only a Pacific Coast repre
sentative but a man versed in the affairs of business.
Most of the issues the commission is called upon to
solve an those of practical business as affected by
transportation rates rather than of technical law. As
a member of the commission Mr. Wheeler would be
a representative of the business men of the country
a? we as of our coast interests, and In a double re
spect, therefore, would be exactly the right man in
the right place.
POPULAR APRECIATION.
rM the rat< h subscriptions have been
the announcement
vi -o of home circle
preciate the
• ' by them.
It is true that i -ease of subscriptions
i= due to the ] the State, to the
• as< >n and to other
h at this time of the year tend to promote
the demand for i -. but when ample allow
ance is made for the subscriptions due to such causes
there remains a vast increase which can be accounted
for up< ■ er ground than that of the popular
appreciation of the able series of papers of an educa
tional character which The Call is now publishing.
So prompt a response on the part of the public to
this undertaking is in the highest degree gratifying,
are of a nature that appeals to the intel
ligence of the community. The widespread favor with
which they have been received is therefore an evi
dence that among the people of California there are
thousands who know the full worth of the highest
culture and who liberally support every effort to at
tain it.
New subscriptions come in every day and arc daily
counted by t!:e hundreds. They are received from
part of tin- State. This is a proof that the bet
ter the studies ;ire understood the more they are
approved. As the scries goes on the circle of readers
widens, and each new reader is a new advocate com
mending rind approving the course. Thus the circula
tion of The CaH augments with a surprising rapidity
both in the city and in the country, and that, too,
among the best class of readers.
THE REPUBLICAN OUTLOOK.
REPUBLICAN stalwarts in San Francisco have
no reason to be downcast over the condition of
the party or the prospect of the great Presi
dential campaign that is coming. On the contrary,
there is much that is encouraging in the outlook,
and the more the situation is studied the more satis
factory it appears.
lu>t before the primary elections the condition of
tlit party was indeed depressing to its loyal support
er^ Its machinery had largely fallen under the con
trol either of ward bosses or of men who had close
affiliations with such bosses. There were well
grounded discontents among the rank and file, and
faction fights among the leaders. So demoralized
was the organization and so weak the party spirit
th< t not a few men of influence in the party were dis
posed to yield the municipal election without a
struggle. It was argued by these men that it would
be better to indorse Phelan than tc put up a candi
date against him; better to let the issue pass than io
attempt to rid the party of Burns and Kelly and
Crimmins and make a fight for the control of the
city under the new charter.
Thanks to the energy of loyal Republicans such
weak counsels were set aside. The business men, the
taxpayers and the intelligent workingmen who make
up the real strength of the party were rallied. The
bosses were routed in the primaries. At the conven
tion a ticket was nominated that every true Repub
lican, that every good citizen, could support without
hesitation. The Honorable Horace Davis, one of the
most eminent men of the city, accepted the nomina
tion for the mayoralty and entered upon a canvass
that won the re-pect of all. As a result the party
re-formed its organization, revived the spirit of its
members, recalled many an indifferent Republican to
his duty, and polled for the head of the ticket more
than 21,000 votes.
The showing made at the polls appears the more
excellent when it is remembered that the campaign
was made on the Republican side upon strictly
legitimate and honorable lines. Nothing in the way
of demagoguery, trickery or personalities was made
use of. The canvass was not only dean, but it was
conducted on the highest plane of political endeavor.
Notwithstanding the irritations caused by the gross
personalities of the Democratic candidates and the
press that supported them, notwithstanding the scur
rilous lampooning of Mr. Davis and the spying prac
ticed upon him, notwithstanding the foul trick of
issuing a forged circular in the name of the Young
Men's Institute designed to injure the Republican
candidates, the Republican pre^s and the Republican
candidates refrained from retaliating in kind. Not a
single vote cast for Horace Davis, therefore, was
cast for him by reason of false pretenses or misrepre
sentation. His vote may be taken as the measure of
the loyal Republican strength of the city — the strength
that can be counted on to stand for Repub!icir.
principles and Republican candidates in every con
ten that comes.
With that much of assured strength the party can
face the future without fear. The old bosses have
been driven from the party organization, and its ma
chinery is now in the hands of men in whom the rank
and file can have confidence. The spirit of victory
'i reawakened and party loyalty restored.
When the time comes for San Francisco Republican
ism to prepare for the Presidential campaign it will
be found in excellent condition. There will be har
mony, loyalty and discipline. The municipal con
test has not been fought in vain.
The New York Post announces the retirement of
E. L. Godkin from active work on that paper. The
retirement is for the purpose of giving Godkin a
rest, and the reader- will also have a rest which they
will doubtless ci
WATER STORAGE POLICY.
AT last the Escondido Times has made a state
ment of what the Federal irrigators expect to
accomplish. It says that Governor McCord
of Arizona said at Missoula: "Tlio^e who say that it
is idle to expect that Congress will, in this or the
next generation, adept a system of national irriga
tion are either ignorant or dishonest. The}' should
know that Congress at its last session came very near
appropriating $215,000 to begin work upon a national
system of irrigation for the arid West, and that the
leaders agreed with Senators Warren and Carter that
at least that sum should be appropriated by the next
Congress if they would consent to let the matter go
ever."
Therein we have the measure of what is promised
by the next Congress. There are nine States and
Territories concerned together in this matter and the
sum promised will amount to less than $24,000 each.
The Federal irrigators insist that the proposed work
alifornia will cost 50 many millions that the State
caonot afford it. For illustration let us put the cost
at $10,000,000. At the rai >o a year men now
living and their descendants for twelve genera
tions will have no interest in the result. The Times
insists that a system of equitable distribution of the
stored water must precede storage. It puts this as
"imperative," and we admit it. But how is the Fed
eral Government to arrange that system within a
State? Under what grant of power to Congress can
it be done? What kind of a system will it be? Will
it involve the construction by the Federal Govern
ment of canals and ditches to carry the water to the
head gates <>f every user?
The Times says that : "Federal irrigation means
! the reclamation and settlement of the millions of
i acres of arid public lands by the construction by the
Government itself of the irrigation works necessary
to reclaim them, the purchase by the tiller of the soil
of Government land at Government price, plus the
actual pro rata expense of the reclamation of the land
and the water distribution." This may well apply
t<> the States and Territories where the land is yet
part of the public domain. Hut in California the land
that is suffering for a constant supply lies in the
valleys of Southern California and in the valleys
of the San Joaquin and Sacramento rivers,
and on the rim of those valley? in the foothills.
Where, within those areas, are the millions of acres
! of public land that can be made fruitful by water and
sold with the cost of the supply added to the Govern
ment price? The need of California is water to irri
pr.te constantly, in all years, wet or dry, the land now
in private ownership, which the Government has
already sold. Here is just where the Federal idea,
whatever may be its merit, does not apply, except
perhaps on the Colorado Desert, and no one opposes
its operation there or wherever it will apply. The
point to the whole matter is that the policy of Fed
> eral irrigation has for its sole reason the recla
mation of Government lands as a Federal policy, to
make them valuable and secure their sale and «ettle
ment." In that view of it alone can Congress be asked
to interfere. That policy may be entered upon at any
time, and perhaps ought to lie. The argument for it
is the same that warrants the river and harbor ap
propriation for securing the navigability of mean
dered streams, and to keep harbors open for deep
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, TIIUKSPAY, yOVEMBEK 9, 1899.
j water commerce. But any man, though he may be
"ignorant and dishonest," according to the fine and
argumentative characterization of Governor Mc-
Cord, must see that the vast acreage needful of irri
gation in California, now in private ownership, is
expressly excluded from Federal benefit by the very
reason for which that benefit is asked. The public
domain is Federal property, and the constitution gives
Congress the power to dispose of it, and that carries
the power to appropriate money to make it market
able and tax the cost of that process ta. the buyer.
What California needs is constant water to irrigate
private lands that were never public domain, like the
Spanish and Mexican grants, or that have long since
been patented by the Federal Government to private
owners. This State wants also constant water to
operate her patented mines and to supp I}'1 }' therefor
hydraulic power. Therefore the purposes to be served
here are not directly Federal purposes. They are
private purposes entirely, and can no more be served
by the use of any grant of. power to Congress than
can any other private purpose for personal profit. As
well might we ask Congress to appropriate Federal
money to build for any citizen on his own land a pri
vate fishpond.
It seems clear, then, from- a correct analysis of the
Federal plan, that it stops short where Federal pur
poses cease. As far as Federal purposes go in Cali
fornia everybody is willing that they shall have Fed
eral service, and, instead of opposing, all Californians
will work for it. Our situation requires that for our
larger interests, which lie outside any possible Fed
eral purpose, the State shall supplement Federal ac
tion.
There are a great many things involved in this Fed
eral policy. The public domain in Western Kansas
was sold to settlers as agricultural lands. Year after
year armies of farmers have moved up to those lands
to face starvation, and retreat, defeated in the at
tempt to make them yield. The Government received
about thirty millions of dollars for those lands. The
men who bought them have been making for years
an organized effort to get their money back from the
Government. As soon as Federal irrigation begins
to fit other arid lands for fruitfulness on the public
domain the case of the Western Kansans has a high
color of equity, and the question of refunding their
money has a standing which it never had before. To
them will be joined every buyer of the public do
main who has shared their fate, and a new issue is
presented to the Federal Government.
The local question is, Can California wait outside,
on the desert, in company with the horned toads and
tarantulas which now occupy lands formerly part of
the Mexican and Spanish grants, which may be made
fruitful by an effort at sell-help?
There is going to be a great deaJ of explanation
over the vote in Ohio for the next month, and very
few of the explanations will attribute the big vote of
Jones of Toledo to any devotion on the part of the
voters of Ohio to the golden rule.
TEI ERE arc certain admonitory features in the
off year elections which may be studied by poli
ticians with benefit to their parties. As far as
Mr. Bryan is concerned the result is a hardly polite
invitation to him to vacate the leadership of his party,
to come down and get out of the way. He may mis
interpret the message that is plain to everybody else
and continue to divert himself with dreams, but a
leader who has lost every battle in which he com
manded gets stale. Already the term "poor Bryan"
is current, and that prefix ends a man in public life.
It drove Franklin Pierce into dense obscurity, even
from the high seat of the Presidency.
The center of interest to Republicans in the result
i^ the failure of Nash to get a majority in Ohio. It
is a surprise that industrial conditions there, supposed
to be in a flourishing state, should permit such an
immense margin of discontent as is shown in the
Jones vote. Future peril lies in the possible combi
nation in that State of the supporters of Jones and
McLean, which would far outnumber the Republican
strength. Another matter for Republican reflection
is the fact that the Jones-McLean fight in Ohio was
made mainly and pointedly against imperialism and
the foreign policy of the administration. While the
result presents a gratifying personal victory for Judge
Nash, it leaves the administration in a heavy minority
in the President's own State in test of popular opinion
upon the leading feature of his- policy.
The Republicans have lost Maryland for the same
reason, and the warning that Senator Wellington
gave his party proves to have had ample justification.
While there is justifiable exultation that the party
has fared so well, there is in the result an admonition
that the future will be more secure if the party hasten
to become Republican again. Then its portentous
pluralities will be turned into wholesome majorities,
and it will not need to tremble in fear that a common
ground may be found upon which its opponents can
combine to defeat it.
To return to poor Bryan. His misfortunes are in
creased by the situation in Kentucky. His course in
that contest has raised up enemies for him throughout
the South. People down there arc waspish about out
siders interfering in a family quarrel, and when the
family gets together again the outsider makes the un
pleasant discovery that he has no friends in the com
bination. So his appearance in Kentucky is likely to
increase the Southern tendency to buck and fling
him. He has Nebraska to fall on, and no doubt there
is some local office there which he can take for its
profit and not its honor, and in which he can
grow old and amuse himself by shouldering the parts
of speech and showing how fields are lost.
There is a report that the intercollegiate football
men have requested the British Government to have
no battles in the Transvaal on dates that would con
flict with football games, and that may be the rea
son the censor is shutting off the news from the sc.it
of war.
Murderer Suisser is trying to make a jury believe
that he does not remember the killing of Sheriff Far
ley of Monterey County. He will be painfully re
minded of it, however, when they put the rope around
his neck.
Once more the British are claiming a victory over
the Boers, but the intelligent render will take notice
that the siege of Ladysmith goes briskly on and there
are no signs of retreat on the part of the besiegers.
Admiral Dewey has given the American people
another proof of his heroism. New York dispatches
confirm the report that the hero of Manila Bay has
been out shopping with his intended.
As at present organized the Republican party in
San Francisco is in good shape for the coming cam
paign, and when next it meets the tiger it will have
the tiger's skin for sale next day.
President Kruger is said to have sixteen children
and 104 grandchildren, of whom about fifty are in
the army, so his fight with the British seems to be
something of a family affair.
THE OFF YEAR ELECTIONS.
Will the Gentlemen Around the Corner Interfere?
MAUD AND THE JUDGE AGAIN.
Maud Muller jumped on her time-worn
bike
For an evening hit at the dusty pike.
An old drop frame of a 'way down gear,
With a rattle the sleeping dead could
hear.
The Judge came pounding along behind,
Out airing his great judicial mind.
He noted the figure neat and trim
And graceful motion of hidden limb.
And he said to himself in his grave de
"What's matter with Maudie? She's all
right!"
He drew beside her and asked her flat
Why she rode such an old ice cart as that.
And she said saleslady could ill support
Such wheel as the Judge of the District
Court.
He told her she could on a chalnless ride,
With a diamond frame, if shed be his
bride.
Or, If she would bust up his solo life,
They would tandem together as man and
wife.
Maud bit at the bait like a hungry trout.
And the old Judge smiled as he yanked
her out.
They ride on a tandem now, of course,
But Maud has to work like a treadmill
horse.
But the Judge has learned how to sit and
shirk,
And k-t his darling do all the -.'ork.
He weighs two hundred and fifty-one.
But the poor girl thinks it an even ton.
And she often says, 'with a pain-rent
heart:
"I wish 1 was back in my old ice cart!
"Of all the true words that T ever spake,
The truest are these: 'He's a bloomln 1
fake!"
—Denver Sunday Post.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. T. Alexander of Tokio, Japan, is a
guest at the Occidental.
Otto Ever, the Paso Robles hotel man,
Is a guest at the Palace.
Rev. B. O'Meara has come up from Ban
Jose and is at the Grand.
F. M. Mooers, a mining man of Rands
burg, is a guest at the Palace.
J. H. Gardiner, a millionaire fruit man
of Rio Vista, is staying at the orand.
A. T. Stinson, a Los Angeles capitalist,
is registered for a short stay at the
Palace.
J. J. Hebbron, a wealthy cattle man of
Salinas, is registered at the Grand with
his wife.
J. J. Gilbert of the Coast Geodetic Sur
vey has returned to the city and is stay
ing at the Occidental.
AY. C. Tighe. a wealthy merchant of
Madera, is at the Lick during a short
business trip to this city.
John Raggio, a prominent rancher of
San Andreas, was among the arrivals of
last night at the Grand.
W. E. Lawrence, a prominent fruit man
of Vacaville, is in the city for a few days.
He is registered at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Waterman have
come up from their Honolulu home and
are staying at the Occidental.
W. P. Hussey, a leading lumber mer
chant of Indianapolis, is at the Grand
on a pleasure trip to the coast.
T. Kimera, a Japanese merchant of
prominence, is at the Palace, where he
registered yesterday from Toklo.
Peter Musto. one of the leading busi
ness men of Stockton, was among the ar
rivals of yesterday at the Grai.d.
W. P. Wllkenson, John Ltnd and S. S.
Mitohell, prominent mining men from
Seattle, arc registered at the Lick.
Lieutenant Chester Knepper, U. 9. N.,
is at the Palace for a short stay. Mrs.
Knopper accompanies her husband.
William Garland, one of v the leading
politicians of Los Angeles," is at the
Palace on a sort vacation to the city
Thomas O. Moore, a wealthy mino
nwncr of Vancouver, B. C, is . t the
Palace, where he registered yesterday.
Dr. IV N;ihr. a physician who has been
practicing 1 many years In Guatemala, is at
the Grand, enjoying a vacation In this
city.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Palmer, twn well
known society people of New York, are
at the Palace, whore they arrived yester
day evening.
Major General Nelpon A. Miles left
Portland yesterday for this city, where
he will nrrive this evening. He is ac
companied by his wife and daughter.
During his stay in San Francisco t..j
general will make the Palace h.s head
quarters.
Pay Director George A. Lyon, U. 8. N..
for several years in charge of the United
States Navy pay office in this city, has
been detached from duty in charge of
the navy pay office at Philadelphia. Pa.,
preparatory to retirement in December
next. Pay Director Lyon has hosts of
friends in this city and bears the reputa
tion of being one of the most conscien
tious and honorable men in the pay corps
of the navy. Pay Director G. Cochran
hns been ordered to relieve him in the
Philadelphia office.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Nov. S.-H. E. Hatcher
of Oakland is at the Metropolitan; H. F.
Norcross of Los Angeles is at the St.
James.
. ♦ .
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. S.-W. H. Hammond
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman. C.
H. Jordan of San Francisco is at the Bar
tholdl. Mrs. Wilson of San Francisco is
at the Manhattan.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TWO HEIGHTS— A. S., City. The
height of The Call building is 327 feet to
the highest point, and that of the City
Hall is 302.6.
SALVINI— CaII render. City. Alexander
Salvini, the actor, son of Tomasso Sal
vim, tragedian, waa born In Rome, Italy,
December 21. 1861. and died in Florence,
Italy, December 15, 1896.
PAYING TAXES-A. C. T., Morenci.
Ariz. The fact that a man pays the taxes
on the property of another for a number
of >' ara does not, after a certain number
of y» ;irs, give him any title to the iatiJ.
BRITISH ARMT-W. R. D., City. The
pay of a captain in tli<^ British army is as
follows pe-r diem: Household cavalry 15a
Id, toot guard 15a M. infantry lla Td, cav
alry 14s 7d, artillery 11s and engineers Us.
THK UNITED STATES ARMY-K.,
City. The status of the United States
army is given in the report of General
Corbln published in The Call of Novem
ber 2, 1899. The army to be maintained
at thf Philippines will ho composed of
regulars and of volunteers, recruited un
der the recent call.
AGENCY— A., City. A man who accepts
tho agency of a manufacturing nVm gen
erally enters into a contract with the
firm in order to protect himself, so that
in case lie works up a good business the
firm shall not. In tho days of prosperity,
take the agency away from him rind give
It to some more favored individual.
TERRITORIES— E., Miller, Cal. The
Territories of the United States are: New
Mexico, Arizona, Indian Territory, Dis
trict of Columbia, Alaska and Oklahoma.
The United States lias not yet provided
a territorial government for the Ha
waiian Islands, and Cuba, Puerto Rico
and the Philippines are under United
States military rule.
A CLUB— A. M. H.. Glen Ellen, Cal. The
question asked in relntion to the status of
your club cannot be determined without
h n examination of the by-laws, as a great
deal depends upon the wording. The laws
may be Belf-operating or they may not,
and without that knowledge it Is Impos
sible to determine the status of the mem
bers. If you will send a copy of those laws
to Answers to Correspondents an answer
will be given.
PARROTS— M. H., Reed Station, Marin
County, Cal. There- Is probably no other
bird than the parrot about which so little
is known as to its habits. It is assert) ■ !
that they build their nests in hollow I
also in clefts of rocks, and that they lay
two sets of opus a year, two in a set. It
is believed that several females lay. eergs
In the same nest. A number of the spe
In Next Sunday's Call
NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
\ HOW I CONDUCTED I
! DIVINE SERVICE ON THE ||
; FIRING LINE. |
\[ By REV. CHARLES M. DALEY of the ♦
ii ' South DaKota Volunteers
♦ INTERIOR VIEWS . !
t OF ADMIRAL DEWEY'S !
| NEW HOME. I
♦ . *
I THE PEARL DIVERS OF SULU. i:
; !
i: FOUND IN THE PHILIPPINES. I
By GENERAL CHARLES K'NG. *
i — _|
t CULTIVATING TEA IN AMERICA. !
| BOOK REVIEWS ! ;
i; BY PROF- H- B. LATHROP |
|| Of Stanford University. ♦
! CALIFORNIA'S PRETTIEST GIRLS ||
♦ — |
I DOMESTIC SCIENCE, FASHIONS, THEAT- '
l RICAL STARS, AND A DOZEN '
: OTHER INTERESTING FEATURES j
M ' I
The Magazine Section of the Sunday Call
is now recognized as the most interesting and
artistic Sunday supplement published on the
Pacific Coast. y :;
—New York Tribune,
cies live in groups and appear to bo very
affectionate. Nests of parrot 3 have been
hut rarely seen by scientific observers.
In captivity in France one female bird
laid four eggs twice a year for three
hut in one instance one egg was
unfruitful. During: the hatching the male
bird was always by, as if on guard.
THE TVAR IN" SOUTH AFRICA-M. R.,
Carson City. The first engagement of the
t South African war was on tha
14th nf October. War was declared on. tha
13th, at 10 o'clock in the morning, South
African time. Onm Paul's ultimatum was
sent on the 10th of that month.
A DEFENDANT— Anxious, City. A de
fendant in a criminal action must be per
sonally present at all stages of the case.
In "a civil suit a defendant must be pres
ent in person or be represented by an at
torney. A Judge whoso court is at a dis
tance from the place where the defendant
would nut pay any attention to a
"letter from the defendant denying the
charges, which are false." Courts can
try capes only on legal evidence, and a
letter nf that character would not be legal
evidence.
DESERTION— J. P., Healdsburg, Cal.
If a man belonging to the Gorman army
should desert, come to the United Stat- a
and after a number of years become a
citizen, and he should in after years re
turn to Europe he would ho liable to ar
and punishment for the crime ol
■). The United ■ LI -not pro
tect a naturalized citizen In the matter of
an obligation he owed to the country of
his birth prior to becoming a citizen of
the Union. The individual In gui
owed his country (Germanj I militar;
vice, and the fact that he deserted is
proof that he did not complete that ser
vice; consequently there was unfulfjlh d
an obligation at the time he left. The
German Government has the right upon
his return to demand the fulfillment <<t
that obligation and would have the right
in addition to inflict a punishment for the
desertion. This of course applies to one
of military age.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Speclal information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by t».a
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mon
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Jong Jay Deported.
Joner Jay, a coolie who was found last
week with a counterfeit certificate of reg
istration in his possession, was ordered
yesterday by United States District Judge
de Haven to be deported to China.
Dr. Piegert's Angostura Bitters, the world
renowned appetizer and lnvlgorator. Is ustd
over the world. Beware of imitations.
Died of His Burns.
Tong Sing, a Chinese merchant, who
was injured in a Chinatown fire a few
days ago. died yesterday In the City and
County Hospital. He was 60 years old.j _ ADVEETISEMENTS.
Convalescence
is hastened, the patient strength* <&&
cned and appetite increased, by S*i^fi^ -ittZffl 9 *
p^YXMsui-Busc^
mf TRAOB MASK. {5' Vj\
As desirable for the well as for the ill. Unequaled in the world of tonics
for all, young and old.
Prepared only by
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
Brewers of the purest and most famous brands of bottled beer
for family and club use.
AMUSEMENTS.
Thousands Greet the New Bill
With Enthusiasm!
CORNILLiE, tha auburn - haired Parisian
beauty and the biggest hit in town. Her sing-
ing, h*>r acting, her dazzling beauty and charm
of manner have never been surpassed by any
artist. Jerome and Alexis, Leo Carle. Goegin
and Pavis. Lola Cotton, the Blograph, Jack
Norworth, Merrltt and Murdock, Louise Dresser
and her Pickaninnies.
Keservrd Sf>ats, Isc; Balcony, 10c. Op<*ra
Chair? and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
NOTICE.— and after Sunday next the
front rows of the balcony will be reserved nt
I'io fr.r Sunday matinee, same as at evening
performance.
TiVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIfJHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Saturday and Sunday Evenings,
Tho Enormous Grand Opera Success,
"L'AFRICAINE,"
With Its Notable Cast of Singers".!
The Mirth-Provoking Comic Opera.
"THREE BLACK CLOAKS."
With Its Rriaht Music. Pretty Faces. Brilliant
Costumes and Painty Dances.
Friday Evening and Saturday Matinee.
POPULAR TRICES .. 25 and 50 cents j
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
THE FUNNY WEEK NOW ON.
The New Tork Lyceum Theater Comic Hit, I
Entitled
NERVES!
1 . 1 iLad ]L\ t Jew k«/ 9 i
I.VVrNTEP FOR LAUGHING PURPOSES.
UNCHANGEABLE PRICES.... If<!, 25c. Joe, 50c I
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT— "MY FRIEND FROM INDIA."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
A Greater Triumph Even Than EL CAPITAN
• TWO WEEKS . I.Y.
Francis Wilson's Greatest Comic Opera Success
THE MERRY MONARCH.
A r>"!isrhif;il Evening of Hearty Laughter,
Beautiful Melody. Superb Scenery and Gor-
geously Resplendent Costume?.
Shear THE songs :
"The Fate of the Wise Ostrich Who Knew It
All," "When ! Was a Child of Three." "Love !
Will Find the Way,': 'Where Shall I Be Next |
Week?" "Well, That All Ln-i^rids Ui».jn Your
Past Life."
POPULAR PRICES--*,?. 3.V\ 2:,0. 15c. 10c.
A Glh'h] Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 25c.
■ Branch Ticket < ifflra. Emporium.
— j
NEW ALHAMBRA THEATER \
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone SOUTH 770.
.''■■ LAST FOUR PERFORMANCES.
"FIFJ SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY j
A GENUINE HIT: A NEW (HARM: i
THE FRISKY FARCE.
MLLE. FIFI !
The Sensational DEWEY Moving Picture*. j
PRICES 15c, 25c, 3. r .c. ooc, 75c
MATINEE 15c. 2r,c, Ssc, 50c j
ALL SEATS REBE tVi I).
SUNDAY NIGHT EUGENIE BLAIR
In A LADY OF QUAL'TY."
SEATS NOW READY.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. '
FRANK HALL. Subduing "Wallace," the
' ■ Monster Lion. '
MAJOR yV\IXE.
ADG!E AND HER LIONS.
Hiph Diver and a Great Show.
Visit the "CABARET DE LA MORT."
TONIGHT— WET OR DRY!
AMATEUR SPECIALTY SiiOW
AND
MEGAPHONE MINSTRELS !
Phone for Seats. Park 23.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CONEY ISLAND NOW !N SAN FRANCISCO. ,
STEEPLECHASE— CENTRAL PARK.
JEFFRIES-FITZSIMMONB, tire fight:
CAPTAIN BEACH, th»- tatlc marvel, cats I
fend smokes under water.
TWENTY-KIVE OTHER ATTRACTIONS
This (Saturday,) at 3:3' i p. m. and S p. m.; ■
Professor Hill will scramble ?2r.0 from the high •
ivirr.
Open every afternoon and evening. Admls-
Bl n. .10c. . i
THE HARTFORD SAILORS
Ii a Novel Entertainment at Y. M. C. A.
A : litorium, Mason and Ellis pta., FRIDAY
! ICNING. Nov. 11. A varied program! So
Kr 1 "of Fun! General admission, 2". cents; in-
• ' 'ling reserved sent. 3.~> cents.
Sg^DR. HALL'S REINVIGORAIOR j
f-i^TIWjK! five hundred reward for any |
fr*a BK4« case we cannot cure. This secret ,
' Ej remedy stops all louses In 24
; v2"J CTf" hours, cures Emissions, Impo- ;
r 'Vri tTTi tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, I
■V&S '&& Oleef, Fits, Strictures, Lost |
< i l __Fs4\i Manhood and all wasting effects
of eelf-abuse or excesses. Sent
filed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, to; guaranteed to
«rt any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
-1 . i UTE 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
' i rale at 1073V4 Market st., S. F. All ptivat*
Lituti quickly cured. Send lor I'reo book.
.... ... ■-• :
AMUSEMENTS. j
COLUMBIA sSss
LAST FOT'R NIGHTS— MAT. SAT.
The King Fins of Comedy.
MATHEWS AND BULGER
In the Up-to-Pate Version of
"BY THE SAD SEA WAVES,"
PRICES, 51. 75c, I ■■: and Be.
1 VEYT UAVDiV Opening of the "Cook
NLA I fllUnuAl Ladies', Union" Campaign.
Broadhurst's Great Laugh-Loosener.
"WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
Can You Do Bad Cooking Worse?
If Not. Come and Learn How.
SEATS NOW READY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER gsf
STANDING ROOM ONLY LAST NIGHT.
NANCE O'NEIL.
This Afternoon— "The Jewess."
To-Night — "The School for Scandal."
Friday Night— "MAODA."
Snturdav Matinee— "THE SHADOW."
Saturday Night— THE NEW "CAMILLE."
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT !
BEATS ON SALE TO-DAY FOR
HARRY CORSON CLARKE,
Pr^pentir.g thp Funniest "f All Farce Comedies,
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES"
POPULAR Evening. 75c, 50c, 2. r .c.
RICES— Matinees, 50c, 25c
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Mpmljpr American Turf Congress.
TANFORAN PARK.
South Pan Francisco. San Mateo Co.
Main Office. Parlor A, Pa!ac*» Hr.tPl, 3 F
W. J. MARTIN. F. H. GREEN,
President S<>e. nn,l Manager.
FIRS WINTER SEASON.
| First meeting from Nov. 4 to Nov. IS. 1599,
inclusive.
Plx hlKh-clHss running races every weekday, I
beginning at 1:30 p. m. Last race at 4 p. m. , \
■Beautiful country scenery, sunshine ami fresh
air. A model racetrack, superb grandstand and
unfxcH l<>il acvommudations.
TRAIN SERVICE, Southern Pacific Co.
1 Third-street Station.)
Local trains leave at 8:00, 10:40 and 1:80 a. m
Pp^cial race trains at 12:40. 12:>fl and l-'5 p m
roturnlnp lmnieUiately after the last race and
Rt 4:4f. t». m.
SAN JOSE AND WAY STATIONS at
San Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave Ran Bruno at
4:00 and 4:45 p. m. Trains leave Valencia-street !
ten minutes later than Third street. Race
trains ?top directly at the entrance to the
grandstand.
Last cars of all trains reserved for women ■
and their escorts. No smoking.
RATES.
From San Francisco to Tanforan and return
inclu.liner admission to grounds, $1 25, Pintle
round tickets. 4(1 cents. Holders of Associa-
tion Bad) may secure a twenty-four ride cou-
pon ticket, limited to thirty days, upon presen-
tation of badges at Third or Valencia street •
stations for 13 50.
Register all complaints without delay with i
the Secretary and Manager of the Association. i
- -! ■ j
iBE IN STYLE,
i GET A W|#
I nice suit. tggi& : -- \ \
• Have it made '■'• JusSllsI '"■''' A I
jto order by a re- ' ' p£iO-Msft :.V !
> You run no risk =^3<Mfew^= i
:of ■Mm: infer- ; gf^mSf',^ • ■•• < V \
: lor workman- I 1 Kf • f?& 'ft ;', \\ 1| i
1 ship nnd mate- jB& W? |/j l ;7l'J ; :
'• rial if your lit ' B km •]'}r'lj •
!is made at JOE 2~" H IlfjH i
\ The result Is f%/i (\JOt ft ' / 1
: that you get th-» S\\ 1/ t\ ij I y i
'■ ) I'^t
'• per rent less A-^i * \s^^iSr 3
: money than you* >T/f if *^XL, ,_ i
i would have to -X \I*JW THF ; !
: Pay elsewhere. J y^TflllOß |
: Our .•!•. 50 ah- * " IL |
I Wool •.• . le-to- :
; Order Suits are 3 110-1 112 Market st. :
• tinffjualed by 201-203 Montgomery :
; any other tailor St., San Francisco. !
: nn th" coast •
: vv r 1., . Hill Washington St., •
IreVunT 11 ;^; Oakland. !
i money if disnat- 143 So. Spring St., •
: isfled. Log Angeles. :
1899-TAXES-1899
i
NOTICE 19 HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first Installment of Real Estate Taxes and hi;
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY,
Novembc?r 27. at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING. NOVEMBER IS.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 25, from 7 to 9
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHLEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of. San
FrancißCO.
Transcontinental tourists and tray- T
elers from all over the United Suite* T
rhow their appreciation of the excel- '
1 leiice of tha t
; PALACE and ;
GRAND j
by making these hotel* their hendquar- '
' ten while In San Francisco. Fourteen '
1 hundred rooms. 900 with baths— largest i
1 and finest in the world. I
, JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. ;
MAKE PERFECT MEN
S»O HOT DESPAIR : DonotSuf-
fer Longer! The joyn and ambitions of
life can be rentored to you. Thp v«ry
worst cases of Wrt'ont l>e»>!ll(y are
absolutely cured by PEKFErI'U i
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to In. !
aomula. tailing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vigor find potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Dive bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of AW|\ young or old. !
One 500 box renews vital energy. fWili 6 boxes at j
(2. SO a complete guaranteed i-iir<-^jrji^nr money re-
funded. Can be carried In Test > *et>' pocket. Sold j
everywhere, or mailed in Plain wrapper on receipt of ,
price by TUB PIKFKITO CO., UxtOß Bid;., Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
£ JPATENTsf a)
%S^33Q MARKET ST. sT^a<^ )
TKJHJ SAN FK AX CISCO CALL, THUESDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1899.
NORTHWEST IS
AWAKE TO THE
COAST'S NEEDS
Sacramento in Line
for Wheeler.
PETITION OF LARGE HOUSES
CAMPAIGN FOR RECOGNITION '
WAXES WARM.
Oregon Congressmen Urged to Act
Unitedly That Business Interests
May Be Represented in the
Interstate Commission.
The following larg-e business men and
bouses of Sacramento have united in a
! petition to President McKinley for the
; appointment of William K. Wheeler as
Interstate Commerce Commissioner: Hall,
Luhrs & Co., wholesale grocers; Hol
brook, Merrill & Stetson, stoves and bard
ware; Schaw, Ingram, iiau-her & Co.,
wholesale hardware and pipe manufac
turers'; Lindley & Co., wholesale grocers;
Baker & Hamilton, wholesale hardware
and agricultural implements; Mebius &
I >ri Bcher, wholesale grocers and exporters
of r.ilifurnia hot>s; Adams, Booth & Co.,
wholesal< grocers; Btanton, Thompson &
Co., wholesale oardware and agricultural
implements; The A. S. Hopkins Company.
wholesale woodenware; i^. L. l^ewls
& Co.. stoves :iinl house furniture;
California Wmt-ry; A. A. Van Voorhies &
Co., wholesale Baddlers; Look <t Laven
son, merchant saddlers; Dlggs, Vehicle
and Implement Company, vehicles and
Implements; Sullivan. Kelly & Co., whole
sale paints, oils and glass; Wood, Curtis
iV- Co., wholesale produce; Henderson,
Brown & *'0., wholesale produce; Cronan
& \\ Issemann, wholesale liquor dealers.
In their petition they set forth that Mr.
' Win.-- ;>-r is the choice of the business men
of the Pacific Coast and urge upon the
President that the roast deserves recog
nition by appointment on the commission.
K. J. Hendrlcks, chairman of the First
Oregon District Congressional Comma
nd chairman oi the Marion County
Republican Committee, has addressed the
wing to the Oregon delegation in
Congress: "J wish to heartily Indorse the
canaidacj of William K. Wheeler of Ban
: : t: ■ .a. ancy on the Inter
i ommerce Commission. 1 know
from former Oregonians now residing in
; rancisco that Mr. Wheeler is emi
nently Qualified for the place and worthy
of it." Mr. Hendricks is the editor of the
I ': • gon Statesman.
Word has been received here that the
hants .it Seattle arc doing what they
to have Mr. Wheeler named by the
President. The movement is growing
daily and no such unanimity ol action
has ever existed among the business men
s has been manifest
ed In this matter. The Seattle Post-In
telligencer of late date had the following:
"The Seattle Chamber of Commerce, hav
ing great confidence In Mr Wheeler's
qualificatioi I ervlce upon the Intor
state Commerce Commission, has ad
dressed each of Washington's Congress
men asking them to give their Influence
to have Mr. Wheeler appointed. Fie is a
public-spirited man and a very able busi
man, and, what is unusual among
men outside of railroad circles, he has
familiar knowledge of railroad traffic and
; is. able i" cope wiih railroad companies
; in plans for making rates on large ship
ments. Congressman Jones l-.as already
telegraphed i" Washington his Indorse
ment of Mr. Wheeler."
[n Stockton the Daily Record is con
sin* ntly and vigorously advocating the
claims of the merchants to recognition in
person of their candidate— Mr. W'hee
, W. "Aside from all prejudice," Bays the
rd, "Mr. Wheeler Is the only well
equipped man whose name has been men
tloned in connection with the appoint
ment."
The Tulare Register, commenting on the
Southern Pacific claim that opposition to
the candidate of Ilerrin and Rtuhbs is a
cause of dissension, says: "How long,
oh, how long, asks the Sa'i Francisco
Post, will dissensions among Californians
continue to Keep them all away from the
pie counter. That question is easy t >
answer. It will be just so long as th<»
Southern Pacific Company and Its little
; coterie of discredited politicians assume
to act for and in the name of the State of
California in all matters political."
Good to Eat.
We all like good things to eat and somehow
always feel satisfied by the table at Zinkand's.*
Railroad Not Responsible.
Harry C. Visellch, by his guardian,
sued the Southern Pacific Company to re
r damages f"i- personal injuries. H<
w;ts employed on the railroad as an ex
3wttchman at the yards at Stockton.
He was rHinK on the cab when the en
gfine ran into an open switch, colliding
with a train. The boy's lep was erushert,
ssitating amputation. Tn the lower
• be obtained damages, but the Su
preme. <"ouvt bas reversed the .iudg;m<-nt
on the KP'iind that the defendant cor
poration waa nol responsible for the ac
cident. It held that the hlarne lay with
Vizellch'a fellow employes in leaving the
switch open. .
An Excellent Combination.
• The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
caste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and en blimp- one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna V.nd
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California. Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
B AN FRANCISCO, CAL.
I^OTTISVTLLE, XT. NEW YORK. W. T.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle.
vxhv w«/*» Painless treatment. Per-
il B ! 1 SJ VJ manent cure. Entire time <!•-
rI 0 I"* voted to rectal disease*. Ref-
fl %j\jlJ erences those cured. No sur-
*" »* ***' gery. A. J. ATKINS. M.D..
836 Butter st., San FraacUca;
.. _ ours, 1 to 3p. m. j ,
RETURNS FROM VISIT
TO FOREICN CLIMES
REV. PETER C. YORKE.
REV. FATTIER PETER 0. YORKE returned to this city on last even
ing's overland, after an extended trip through the United States and
Europe, which consumed one year. Father Yorke, who left to take
a much needed reft, comes back in excellent health and spirits. He
was met In Sacramento by Rev. Father O'Ryan and several other priests, and
as lir stepped off the ferry on this Bide was greeted by a large delegation of
friends who hold the distinguished clergyman in the highest regard.
Father Yorke went Immediately to his mother's house at 2102 Van Xess
avenue, where he was domicile.] for the rest of the night. The interior «f the
resider.ee had been beautifully decorated with ferns and (lowers in honor of
his return, and there was a quiet but happy gathering of the members of
his family.
Father Yorke had but little to say as to his trip, except that the object
for which he had taken it, namely, the restoration of his health, had been
happily obtained.
"I am glad to be homo in God's own country orfre more," said he. "for I
declare I have found no country as good as ours — not even excepting Ireland.
I left San Francisco at 5:30 p. m. on November S, 1898, and I set foot on her
hospitable shore one year after, to the minute almost. All I can say is that I
have had a delightful trip and feel refreshed both mentally and physically.
My itinerary Included three months in the States, three months in Ireland,
three months in Rome and the rest of the time I put in in England, France
and Germany.
"I was everywhere delightfully entertained, and the incident which I re
gard as the most pleasant in my Journey was the audience which I had with
his Holiness the Pope. I visited the historic scenes of the Continent and the
famous universities of the Old World. In the endeavor to acquire new ideas
and acquaint myself with the latest results of scientific and literary re
search.
"As to my plans for the future r am unable to ppeak definitely on that
subject. Of course, my work will be In this diocese, but just where I cannot
say."
Father Yorke in the beginning of his trip visited Right Rev. Bishop Mont
gomery In Los Angeles and then proceeeded to Phoenix, Ariz., to pee the
friend of his college days, Rev. Eugene O'Growney, the distinguished scholar
of the Celtic Renaissance. He also visited the great National Seminary at
Maynooth, Ireland, and St. Mary's at Baltimore, the two institutions in
which he received his education.
He Is to I"' the guest of honor at several receptions given by various or
ganizations to celebrate his return. A banquet will be tendered him in the
assembly hall of the Sacred Heart College on Thursday evening by the pas
tors and assistant pastors of Catholic churches throughout the city.
Father Yorke's unselfish labors in the cause of justice and humanity are
too well known to be repeated. Only those who are intimately acquainted
with him know how much he did. He did not spare himself whenever work
was to be done. He is not only gifted intellectually, but he has an infinite
capacity for work and the amount he performs is surprising.
"AGENT" LINE
IN PURSUIT OF
BOGUS CORDIALS
Home-Made Goods to
Be Protected.
Dealers who pell spirituous liquors of
domestic manufacture under Imitated
labels <>f Imported poods are very much
agitated over the advent of Freeman I .
Lane, a Minneaoplis lawyer, who claims
to be the attorney tor the Wine and Spir
its Traders' Society of the United States.
The Bociety is saiil to I"- composed of ?m
--porters of foreign liquors and cordials of
high grade, whose business has been In
jured by imitators of their goods under
counterfoil labels.
Mi-. Lane arrived In this city about two
weeks ago and went among the smaller
liquor dealers like a steam mowing ma
chine through a wheat Held. Previous to
that timo he had devastated the Pacific
Coast States and Territories and had
thrown the thrifty element of the liquor
trade Into spasms of consternation.
The matter was brought to the atten
tion of the Federal authorities yesterday
by Julius Levy oi" 261 Third street. Mr.
Levy paid that two men called at his
place of business on the previous day.
One of thc-m displayed a nickel or Bilver
badge which Mr. Levy thought was an
official badge. Tills man did not open his
mouth at all. The oth-r Introduced hun-
B elf according to Levy's staement, as a
special agent, throwing down his card at
the same time. The cara bon the in
scription "Freeman P. Lane. Minneap
olis attorney Wine and Spirits Traders 1
Society of the United Btat<
Mr Levy, believing him to be a special
agent of the treasury and authorized to
examine his stock of LiQUors, mad. no
objection when I.ano said that Be wanted
to make an Investigation.
Lane found a bottle of creme de menthe
which in"'P ortprl to l)<1 "' forG'SH origin,
but which Levy, in answer to the ques
tions of Lane, admitted was of domestic
make Lane informed him thai he bad
committed a violation of the copyright
Inw and also of the Revised Statutes, a
section of which provides that goods must
!„ put up under the names known to the
trade and that If an article purports to bo
of foreign manufacture it must be of
foreign make. He threatened Levy with
prosecution and advised him to rail on his
attorney. Bert Bchlesinger, In regard to
the matter. He said further that the
Wine and Spirit Traders' Society of the
United States was making these inves
tigations for the protection of Importers
and others and that on behalf of the
Society he (Lane) would be willing to
compromise the matter if Levy paid $50.
Mr Levy was not willing to say that
Lane had represented himself to be a
revenue official, and he was Informed that
the revenue authorities could not inter
fere unless Lane had so represented him
self They informed Mr. Levy also that
he had violated the law as Lane said.
Bert M. Sehleslnger was asked In rela
tion to the statement made by Levy. Mr.
Bchlesinger made the statement that he
had been employed by the Wine and
Spirit Traders' Society to prosecute all
Demons putting Up domestic liquors under
foreign labels and that he proposed to In
stitute several units in the United States
Circuit Court in this city against liquor
dealers. Mr. Levy being among the num
ber It was the purpose of the society, he
Mid, to stop the traffic in fraudulent Imi
tations of imported liquors.
Lane Is snid to be a prominent attorney
of Minneapolis and to have collected from
liquor dealers at least $100,000 by way of
compromises. Tn Butte, Mont., he was
arrested but a telegram from the Gov
ernor of Minnesota vouching for him as
a reputable attorney procured his release
within a few hours. He recently pur
chased a summer resort in Puget City,
paving a good cash sum for it.
ATE THE TURKEY
AND THEN GAVE
HIM THE LAUGH
Andrew Wood Relates
His Woes.
Rev. Andrew Wood, an Oakland min
ister, secured a divorce from his wife,
Luclnda A. Wood, yesterday, on the,
ground of desertion. Rev. Mr. Wood
waited seven long years for his wife to
return to him, he said, but finally hope
deserted him and he decided to seek free
dom in the courts.
Rev. Mr. Wood testified that ho mar
ried his wife in 1870, and that during their
life together she deserted him no l-ss
than six times, returning each time with
a smile, until Thanksgiving day of 1592,
when she departed never to return. On
that occasion Rev. Mr. Wood invited a
party of friends to dinner at Mrs. Wood's
suggestion. When the party arrived they
were met by Mrs. Wood, who smilingly
said that she had devoured -all the turkey
and that they must look elsewhere to
appease their hunger. Mr. Wood was
speechless, and -he and his friends
beat a retreat to a nearby restaurant,
where another turkey was procured and
disposed of. The following day Mr. Wood
returned from his study and found that
his wife had cleaned out the house, as
far as furniture and chattels were con
cerned, and since that time he has not
seen her. Dr. .1. N. Powell, who was one
of the Thanksgiving party, corroborated
Mr. Wood, and Judge Hunt promptly
granted the complainant a divorce.
Decrees of divorce have also been
granted Rhoda Fates from Owen Yaten,
on the ground of willful neglect; Eliza L.
Jones from George E. Jones, on the
ground of failure to provide; Anna M.
Crosby from Frank L. Crosby, on the
ground of failure to provide and cruelty,
and Carrie Aubertin from Charles Au
bertin, on the ground of infidelity.
Suits for divorce have been Bled by
Paul Kahdemann against Kate Kahde
mann, for cruelty; Thekla Frederlkson
against Richard Frederikson. for cruelty,
and L,ouise M. Cole against Jason B.
Cole, for Intemperance.
Just Issued, set of 12 colored mailing cards,
showing '. if \v from all parts of San Francisco.
Sent prepaid to any address for 50c by the pub
lisher, ICriw. H. Mitchell, Art Stationer, 223
Post street, San Francisco. •
NEW SHIPPING COMPANY.
Local Business Men Will Compete for
Trade of the Orient.
The California Shipping Company incor
porated yesterday with a capital stock
of $1,000,000. of which $800,000 has been sub
been subscribed. The subscribers are: W.
E. Mlghel. $34,000; Charles Boudrow. $17.
--000; John Dolbeer, $18,000; G. M. Josselyn
& Co.. $7000; Edward W. Kentfleld. $68,000:
William Babcock, S50.000; Emma I. York.
$S000; Louis Bebwabacker, $10,000; Sigmund
Schwabacker, $10,000; Roth, Blum A Co.,
$21 000; George Jennings, $17,000; Klrkham
Wright, $17,000; W. J. Gray, $17 ,000; An tone
Borel & Co., $25,000; N. D. Rideout. $25,000;
Arthur L. Black. 16000; Charles Nelson,
15000; Henry F. Allen, $25,000; Hind. Roiph
& Co $10,000: Moses Blum, $10,000: Ben
nett & Goodall. $17,000; F. W. Zeile, $10,000;
H. L. E. Meyer. $25,000: Pone & Talbot,
$25,000; William Haas, $10,000; John C. &
E. Coleman, $25,000: J. G. I,avensaler,
$5000; Austin C. Tubbs, $17,000: Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company. $25,C00: Oliver
R. Chapman, $20,000; Carter P. Pomeroy,
$3000; George H. Foster, $2000; W. S. Jones,
$5000: A. Himmelman. $2000, and W. E.
Mighell, trustee, $10,000.
Self respect Is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DR. COOK'S STUDY OF KING LEAR.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
F»OF»UL/*R STUDIES lIN SHAKESPE ARE.
Contributors tn this course: Dr. Edward Dowden, Pr. William J. Rnlfo, Dr. Hnmllton
W. Mabie, Dr. Albert S. Cook, Dr. Hiram Corson, Dr. Isaac N. Demmon, L>r. Vida D.
Scudder and others.
IV. KING LEAR.
Critical Study of the Play.
(Continued.)
The tragedy of Cordelia in the tragedy
of the inarticulate soul. We nil know
women, and some, men, of such absolute
sincerity nml truenees. with such an abhor
rence of cant ami affectation, filled with
so deep a sense of th<- Inadequacy of
words to express the fervor, reality and
justness of their sentiments, that to the
casual observer they appear stolid, or
stupid, or both. These persona do actual
ly, on the contrary, possess the most ex
quisite sensibilities; art- delicately re
sponsive to the truth or falsity of an
other's character; are intense In love and
friendship; are full, it may be, of poten
tial energy, which they are ready to spend
In attestation of their loyalty or pas
sionate tenderness: and are quite capable
of dying for one who would find it impos
sible to extort from them more than
monosyllabic confessions of attachment.
Of these natures Cordelia stands as the
imperishable type. She is rich in the
treasures of the heart, but maiden timid
ity combines with a certain proud con
sciousness that she needs not to vaunt
her own virtues before those who are
capable of appreciating them, and with an
unconquerable disgust a t the shameless
and blatant hypocrisy of others to place an
inviolable seal upon her lips. Let suf
ficient time elapse; let a real need arise;
let opportunity to prove by such sacri
fices as the unworthy can never make
that she is all devotion, true as the
magnetic steel, pure as the gold just issu
ing from the refiner's fire, and the most
unappreciatlve, the most hostile, will be
convinced. But alas if she dies with all
her music in her! Alas if Lear should
have perished before Cordelia could re
turn!
Edmund, the arch-villain, the moving
HENRY ;RVING AS KING LEAR.
spirit of the play. S the representative ]
of a class which reckons many members !
in our time, as in every other. He is the
man who convinces himself that he is
the object of Fortune's unmerited dip
favor, and who means to redress the sup- j
posed injustice by every means in his
power. He broods and sulks while his
plans are yet in embryo: and should he !
compass his aims he Will be arrogani and
merciless toward others. He acknowl
edges no obligations of kinship, no duty
toward his rightful superiors or toward
the state. He is restrained by nothing
save prudence, and not always by that;
he can be subtle as lago, and as treach
erous toward his greatest benefactors as
Caliban: false to every one else, he is not
true even to himself; if be ph. mid gain
his ends, he is Incapable of deriving any
permanent good from tils success: but he
usually ruins himself while seeking or ef
fecting the downfall of those whom he
envies, He is the typical anarchist, who,
whether wronged or not by society, Is
the incarnation of envious hatred.
Ooneril and Regan require ao particu
lar mention: they merely embody the in
gratitude of the brute, reinforced by a
flendishness of wh.< h the brute is in
capable, ret it must be observed that
they serve to Illustrate Milton's acute
phrase. "Lust hard by hate." io s n y
nothing of the hate engendered between
them by the guilty love which both eh- '
! tertain for Edmund, and the hate engen
-1 dered in him as a consequence of Ins
: father's illicit amour, it is evident from
many scattered allusions throughout the I
play, which help to create its atmos- j
: phere. and from the persistence with .
Which I. ear. as he sinks deeper and deep
er in his madness, dwells upon the bin
of carnality. US if it wore the root of all |
their evil-doing, that if this piny w. re
not, above everything else, the tragedy. if
ingratitude, it would deserve to be called
fp. tragedy of lust. (Compare, for -x
, ample. I. i". 13 ff . ; I. ii. 187 ft., l«2; 111.
ii. 55, 90; HI. iv. s-1 ff.. 117: 111. v. 21; (V.
! i 6° 70; IV ii. IS ff . : IV. v. 25 ff.: IV. vi. i
■ 112 ff . VA ff.; IV. vi. 267 ff . ; V. i. 1" ff . ;
V ill. "7 ff.». All is of a piece, however;
both sins are Indifferent .n the animal
world (see especially IV. vi. 12 ff.). and
: derive their nelnousneSß only from the
■ divinity in man, and from the fact that,
working in close harmony, they effect
ually subvert the constitution of
moral universe. It is significant that
Lear's curse upon Gonerll (I. iv. 207 ff. ;
compare MI ii- 8-0) is fulfilled in both
I sisters, and that their filial ingratitude is ,
in some measure avenged by their ster- '
llity, and by the transfer of the kingdom
to 'the hands of outlawed subjects.
The truths which this drama demon
strates apply not only to individuals, hut \
1 also to nations. Revolutions and violent
! breaches of every sort in the transmlß
; sion «of power and prerogative always
avenge themselves upon the innovating
■ agency. As Shakespeare himself says:
"Frights, cttanges, horrors
Plvprt and crack, rend and deracinate
The unity and married calm of states
Q-iite from their flxuro."
Such overtures may he necessary, but
they are always lamentable. France Is
still suffering from her revolution, and
we from ours, for violence toward a
parent state or a parenc condition can
by no means escape punis>nment. Tenny
son is right in preferring; that "freedom"
which "slowly broadens down from prec
edent to precedent." and in branding
"raw Haste, half-sister to Delay": ana
Burke was right in maintaining that the
twidy politic cannot be rent asunder, or
its habit suddenly changed, with impun
ity. The generations are knit each to
each by parental and filial ties, and woe
to him who smites a beneficent past in
the face; it is as if he had smitten hi 3
father.
"King Lear" is an elemental tragedy,
because it deals with elemental forces,
with types of which every man's experi
ence can furnish illustrations, and in a
lesser sense because it invokes the ele
ments themselves— fire, air, earth and Bea
—in all their wrath and power, as the wit
nesses or coadjutors of the contesting
forces In the moral r^alm. (See 11. iv.
158 ft., 186 ff. : MI. i. I. ff.j 111. ii. 16 ff . : TTI.
iv. 12 ff.: IK. vii. 58 ff . > Here nature apears
in all her primitive directness, outspoken
ness, and disregard of convention; we see
the shock of unbridled will with unbridled
will, hut we do not weep until the scene
is touched by light from a supernal realm,
and our hearts are only overcome by th»
divine pity and sweetness which, in some
inexplicable manner, form the birthright
of Cordelia.
Yale University.
Notes on the Study of the Play.
1. The earliest mention which we have
of "King Lear" is an -entry in the regis
ters of the Stationers' Company. Up to
the passing of the copyright act in 1542
the law required that every publication
should be entered in these registers, and
accordingly under the date of November
26, 1607, we find: "Entred ... A books
called Master William Shakespeare, his
historye of Kingo Lear as yt was played
before the Kinges maiestie at Whitehall
uppon Sainct Stephens night at Christ
mas Last by his majesties servantes,
playinge usually at the Globe on the
Banksyde."
2. There was a considerable interval be
tween this entry of the play and its pub
lication, for it was not till 1608 that it ap
peared in the usual small quarto form
with the following imprint:
London: Primed for Nathaniel Butter, and
are to bo sold at his shop in Fouls Churchyard
at ihe si^ne of the Tide Bull, neere St Austins
Gate. 1608.
That the publication was ' authorize!
either by Shakespeare himself or oy the
company of actors then playing r.t the
Theater there
■is no reason to sup-
Hl'"-'. It was the
■ interest of the
■ actors to guard
■ their property in a.
■ new play as ieal
■ "iisly as possible,
■ and the longer it
■ was before it got
■ into print the less
■ likely it was to fall
Hint" the 'hitches of
■ rival companies.
■ Shakespeare him
■ sm-1!' never took the
■ trouble to have his
■ plays published;
■ iilxim half of them
■ wore first printed
Hwithnm his autnor
■ ity and the remain
■ i!' r first appeared in
■ the collected edition.
■ v.hieh was put
■ forth in 1623, seven
■ years after the
■ ;imiiur"s death.
I 3. The- story of
■ King Lear and his
■ daughters belongs
I'" British legend
■ ary history. It is
■ found in several
■ earlier publications.
■ Shakespeare's play
■J:-'.:ns to have been
■J founded mainly on
■ the story as toM
Hi" Holinshed's
■ClimDiclo. dated 1574.
I 4. But the story of
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■Lear does not con
■ stitute the whole of
■ the play before us.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■Skillfully interwoven
■ with it and artistic-
H< r ii;> welded with it
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■into a compact
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■whole is the story of
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■Gloucester and his
■ two sons. Of this no
■■■■■■■■■■trace is to be found
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■either in Holinshed
■or in the Chronicle
■ History. It occurs in
■ the second book of
■ sir Philip Sidney's
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ "Area dia." a romance
first printed in 1590. and is called: "The
pitiful! State and storie of the Paphla
gonian unkinde King and his kind sonne
first related by the son, and then by the
blind father."
5. As is usual with Shakespeare, the
opening scene, simple as it appears, gives
the key to the situation. The figures on
the stage are two noblemen, Kent aiid
Gloucester, and a lad. or young gentle
man. Kent's first remarks show is the
courtier's astonishment at a sudden,
change of purpose in the Kug.
••I thought the Kirn? had more affected (i. c.,
cared more for) the Duke of Albany than Corn
wall."
Glo.— "lt did always seem so to us: but now.
In the division of the kingdom, it appears not
which "l the dukes he values most."
From this we learn that the keynote
of the King's character Is fickleness.
Notable Passages.
The following passages have been
selected as suitable for memorizing:
Lear's Anger Toward Cordelia—
"Let It be so; thy truth then be thy dower,"
etc.— l.; 1.. 100-112.
Kent's Remonstrance and Its Result—
■•Royal Lear," etc.— i.. 131-80.
A Father's Curs-e—
"Hear Mature, hear; dear goddess, hear! —
1.. iv., 273-IS9.
Bluntnen of Speech Hiding Dcccit —
"This is some fellow," etc.— ll., ii., 93-102.
Bedlam Beggar*—
"I h»ard mytell proclaimed, etc.— ll., ill.,
1-21.
Rising Passion—
"I prithee, daughter, do not make me mad,
!!„ iv.. HI
The Workjngs of Passion—
"O reason not the need; our basest beggars."
- 11.. iv., 261-83.
Lear in the Storm—
"I know you. Where's the King?" etc.— lll.,
1., 3-17.
Lear's Ravings—
"Blow, wind«. and crack your cheeks," etc.—
111.. 11., 1-24, 44-.V,: iv., 1-36.
Cordelia's Grief—
"Ay, Sir; she took them." etc.— lV., lii., 11-32.
Dover Cliff—
"Come on. sir; here's the place," etc.—
vi.. 11-24.
Flattery Detected— "
"They nattered me like a dog," etc.— iv., vi.,
M-103.
Abase of Authority—
"Thou hast seen a farmer's dog bark at a
beggar," etc.— lV., vi., 137-52.
Cordelia's Tenderness —
"O. you kind gods," etc.— vii., 14-85.
Lear's Love for Cordelia —
"No. no. no, no! Come, let's away," etc.—
V., lii . S-26.
Lear's Grief and Death—
"Howl, howl." etc.— V., lii., 238-80; 306-12.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular
Studies in Shakespeare.
Tuesdays: The World's Great Ar
tists.
Wednesdays: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
Fridays: Great American States
men.
Saturdays: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900. Examinations
will be held at their close as a basis
for the granting of certificates.
Welburn's Third Trial.
The third trial of ex-internal Revenue
Collector O. M- Welburn, has been set for
next Monday in the United States District
Court.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat weak and declining all over the world.
Barley and Corn stagnant at the old prices,
dots and Rye firm, but inactive.
Hay continued heavy, owing largely to the rain.
Beans quiet and firm.
s active and stiff at rising quotations.
Tallow weakening under more liberal arrivals.
itoes and es quiet.
Futter neglected, with accumulating stocks.
,m Eggs dechning. Xo change in Cheese,
eys and Urns firm; other Poultry dull and
Game still firm under moderate receipts.
igcs quiet at weakening prices.
v drapes beginning to disappear,
•s and Quinces lower.
} 'revisions.
decreased shipments of Specie.
■ quiet, but firm.
Exports of Specie.
Exports of cpeclo from this port during the
flrst te-n months of the year were $17,407,341.
against $47 4>'"j V* for the same time in IS9S.
the leading descriptions being $3,m5<3 In -11
--\t- bullion $1,921,061 in Mexican dollar?, $3-t-i.
--[■<■ In silver coin, $11,660,395 in gold coin and
$375,506 In currency. The principal destinations
■were: China. Jf-.U1.215; Honolulu, $2,512,452;
New York, $9,709,645.
Our Cash and Debts.
The fallowing is a statement of the public
debt and of the cash in the treasury of the
United States at the close of business Octo
ber St. received from Secretary Gage: In
terest-bearinc debt. $1,016,049,020; debt en which
Interest has ceased since maturity, $1,210,030;
fiobt bearing no interest, $3?5, 762,071; certiricates
and treasury notes, offset by an equal amount
of cneh in the treasury. $b06.604,5-0o; aggregate
of debt. $2,<*2.656.02-J. Comi>ared with the state
ment issued September GO the figures show an
Increase of certificates and treasury notes
amounting to $8,699,000, ar.d an increase in the
aggregate, debt of $8,699,170. The cash in the
treasury bX the date mentioned waj-: Gold,
$373,817,215; silver, $496,499,278; paper, $04.552.032;
bonris, mlr.or coin, fractional currency, etc.,
y53.5.')7,222; aggregate. $1,025,155,849. The cash
balance in the treasury, September 30, was
$287,695,6^2, and on October 31. $289.39L541, show
ing an increase during the Bicnth of $1,693,927.
Our Account Wi ':: Roads.
The following figures show the amounts due
the' United States from the Pacinc railroads
on account of bonds issued in aid of their
construction: Central branch Union Pacific,
13,754,531; Sioux City and Pacinc, J4.212.645;
total, $7,967,173. The Government has been re
'i:'nburh,3u for $27.»0.n2 principal ar.d $81,211,711
Interest, being the total Indebtedness of the
•Union Pacific Railroad Company to November
1, 1*97, and for the principal of; the Kansas
Tacltic Indebtedness, amounting to $8,303,000.
Th» unpal 1 balance cf the total indebtedness
of the Central Pacific and Western Pacific
Railroad companies to the United States, un
<?er settlement agreement of February 1. ISS3.
cmour.ts to $47,050,172 and accrued interest,
less transportation earnings.
H'eatiur /
rjjOtl Merilian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO, Nov. S, 1593-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
rtate as compared with those of same late last ,
frason and rainfall in past twenty-four hours: i
Lat-t 24 This Last
Ptfttior.s — hours, seas.-vri. season.
.F.'ureka P. 30 7.63 4.02
Red I.luff 0.32 8.60 0.91
Sacramento 0.06 4.08 1.00
Fan Francisco 0.14 4.20 1.92
Fresno 0.04 2.12 1.15
'Independence 0.00 0.37 0.31
Fan Luis OMspo 0 fi ? 4.00 0.58
;Loa Angeles 0.00 1.57 o.ls
Fan Diego 0.00 0.42 0.07
Yiitna o.no o.os o.is
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
F2; minimum, E6; m»an, L 3.
■WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails west
■of the Rncky Mountains. Light showers haw
fallen from the Tehaohapl northward west of
the Sierras and Cascades.
The pr"?sure has continued to fall over the
raciO Hlr.po and la about a quarter of an Inch
below the normal along the Washing! Ore ,
pon and Northern California coasts.
" The temperature has remained early station
ary west of the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions nre favorable for showers Thurs
day throughout California and Northern Ne-
VRi'.a.
'Forecast madi at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November S, 1*99:
Northern California — Showers Thursday;
cooler along the extreme northwest coast;
brisk southerly winds.
Southern California— Showers Thursday; light
variable winr!«.
Nevada— Cloudy, with showers turning to
enow in the mountains Thursday: cooler.
Utah— Cloudy and threatening Thursday.
A rizor.a— Partly cloudy Thursday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Showers Thurs
day; fresh to brisk southerly wind.
O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. The stock market
started off this morning on an apparently
prosperous and animated career of rising
prices, but before the trading had ceased this
afternoon the early gains were practically all
wiped out and a level of prices lower than
Monday was established. Various considera
tions connected with politics were an influence
In the early rise. Thus, the London market
was encouraged by the more cheerful news
from the beleaguered British forces In South
Africa and prices of stocks were bid up in
that market. The Berlin market was pleased
with the report that Great Britain had decided
to relinquish her claims in Samoa to Germany
and one result of this was to prompt Rerlln
to buy KOn:e American stocks. In this country
the relief from the uncertainties of election
time and the hope of an easier monoy market
prompted some large buying of stocks, which
lifted prices at the outset. But there were
large holdings by professional operators which
hud been bought last week on the faith that
an outside demand for stocks would develop
and the first hour of trading was devoted to
the selling of these holdings on a large scale
to take profits When it wa» Men that the
buying demand was not continuing in force
the sagging tendency Bet in. Efforts were
made to sustain prices by manipulation of
ppeclal stock, members of the iron and steel
group and the prominent hi fi h-priced Indus
trials belnar conspicuous. The violent break in
leather and the heavy selling of. Manhattan
had an unsettling Influence on the whole mar
ket end the stiffening of the money -ate and
the uneasiness over the future of the money
market completed the discouragement of th»
bulls. The organized support which has hWd
Up Leather for several weeks seemed entirely
withdrawn and It waa allowed to drop by
successive stages to 2S, compared with 40 at
the close on Monday. A sudden rally in the
closing deals brought the price back to 31
Manhattan had risen to 111%, when the state
ment for the tlscal year made its appearance,
showing a failure to earn the Increased dlvl
dends paid on account of the addition of stock
by a margin of $238,360. Tills brought ths
price down to 107 I ,i, with a final recovery of
only Mi. The industrials allowed marked sym
pathy In this break and the level of the wh'jle.
market fell below Monday, the general rally
being but feeble. The fall In sterling exchange
rates ■II a reflection of the hardening money
market here, but it gave no hope of relief
by gold imports, owing to the urgent money
reed not only In London but at ail continental
centers. There was evidence In addition of re
newed pressure upon New York from interior
j>olnts, New York exchange at Chicago falling
from 10 cents premium to par. New York ex
change at New Orleans also fell to an ad
ditional discount The Sub-Treasury to-day
showed a credit balance at the Clearing-house
of over $300,000. Hopes of relief to the New
York money market from any quarter were
thus dissipated, but the last hour saw an
■ active liquidation of stock holdings with lit
tle demand to meet it.
Prices of bunds were better sustained than
th-jpe Of stocks, hut th* day's changes were
mixed. Total sales, par value, $2,450,000.
United States new 4s and 5a advanced '.<>
in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Hid.
3.1i>0 Atchlson 22' i
14,060 Atchison pre:"d 6j\
200 Baltimore & Ohio 524
Canadian ! ' i .:.■■ :-i 7 8
620 Canada Southern 63
3,400 Chesapeake & Ohio 2S'i
'.2.365 Chicago Great Western U~ 3
, 12.470 Chicago Burlington & Quincj 133
665 Chicago Ind & Louis 12
100 Chicago Ind & Louis t<refd 43
1,100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois itf l^
320 Chicago & Northwestern JtJi'
-3,450 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific lU-»
2.174 C C C & St Louis 09U
$,135 Colorado Southern 6> a
520 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 47\
1,220 Colorado Southern 2d pteid .". Ij'z
200 Delaware & Hudson .. . . 122 i
S< : o Delaware Lackawanna & W extern.. lj9>-j
CtO l>enver & Rio Grande 21 v
600 Denver & Rio Grande pre:d 'ifi?
Erie 13 I
200 Erie prefd 35%1
&50 Great Northern rrefd 173 l 2 i
700 Hocking Coal 19' s j
Hioking alley 31 j
1.660 Illinois Central 114%'
lowa Central 13'g i
100 lowa Central prefd ;.!« i
500 Kansas City Pittsßurg & Gulf SVfe i
Lake Erie 4 Western IS :
Lake & Western prefd 79 !
ike Shore 19S
8.6G0 Louisville <t Nashville 56%
68,960 Manhattan L 107%
7,020 Metropolitan Street Railway 195%
1,400 Mexican Central l;'/»
Minn & St Louis 7IC
Minn A St Louis prefd '.<i'-z
2,055 Missouri Pacific 43Vfc I
200 Mobile & Ohio i'l'i ',
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12*% I
LOOO Missouri Kansas & Texas rrefd 39Vj •
300 New Jersey Central 124'j '
4,135 New York Central i 37v 4 ;
2,4W Norfolk & Western 27 1 * ,
23S Norfolk & Western prefd 71
6,250 Northern Pacilic &i 3 i '
2"0 Northern Pacific pre'd 76V4
400 Ontario & Western 2.". 2 1 i
Oregon Railway & Nay 42 '
Oregon Railwjy & Nay prefd 7fi '
LS2O Pennsylvania 130% I
200 Reading ;m. j
3.&70 Reading Ist prerd 60
400 Reading 2d prefd 82%
Rio Grande Western 37 y»
100 Rio Grande Western prefd w
275 St Louis & .San Fran 11
St Louis &l San Fran Ist prefd 70
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36% I
1,020 St Louis Southwestern 1314 '
1,000 St Lou Southwestern prefd 31-.
9,300 St Paul 126?:
St Paul prefd 172 i
St Paul & Omaha 120 j
125.350 Southern Pacific 41", i
j 5,035 Southern Railway 13V4 I
j 7,096 Southern Railway prefd 67% I
700 Texas & Pacific 18%
15,360 Union Pacific 47' s i
2,485 Union Pat-Hie prefd 76%
400 Wabash M t ;
1,2*) Wabash prefd 22%
1.4.1U Wheeling & L !■: n%
1.200 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 30ft I
2SO Wisconsin Central 2V |
Express companies—
Adams U5 |
American us !
United States 50,'
Wells-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous —
2.110 American Cotton OH 44%
160 American Cotton Oil prefd 95 ■
500 American Malting i2'i
American Malting prefd 45
1.000 American Smelting & Refin 36V4
1.000 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. 87\4 '
American Spirits 4>C ;
American Spirits prefd 17 . ;
9.450 American Steel Hoop 4 !"i 1
550 American Steel Hoop prefd S3 !
"15,865 American Steel & Wire as >
400 American Steel <*; Wire prefd 931,4 '
710 American Tin Plate 33VA j
100 American Tin Plate prefd S2 !
12,538 American Tobacco . 121' i '
American Tobacco prefd ni
2, 6."0 Anaronda Mining <:• 4SU
62,250 Brooklyn Rapid Transit Si>u\
3,07j Colorado Fuel & Iron ;„■■.
9.110 f'ontiner.tal Tobacco 42%
2.320 Continental Tobacco preld '. 'A '
17, K-) Federal Steel . r n'i
2.CM Federal Steel prefd 7.:.
SOO General Electric ijou
MO Glucose Sugar 50% j
; Glucose Sugar prefd 59 '
SCO International Paper 2S ! -j
Son International Paper prefd 70
500 Laclede las 7;, ''
955 National Biscuit ,42 i
National Biscuit prefd '90 )
National Lead ' '•;?,;
National Lead prefd V" :
1,010 National Steel '" 4^.;
1,490 National Stncl prefd ...'.'. 04 <
New York Air Brake ;; !47-~i :
2,170 North American J2«
300 Pacific Coast \\ r i
Pacific roast Ist prefd '.'. h
Pacific Coast 2d prefd .. . 67
17,670 Pacific Mail "' 411- ;
5,235 People's Gas irt- I
Pressed Stfel Cur "- - ■, "
270 Pressed Ste^l Cur prefd '...'. 'y.,£ '
675 Pullman Palace Car 194 "
1.625 Standard Rope & Twine """ ijtj I
62.685 Sugar '.'.'.'" yrA \
165 Sugar prefd jpi
2.30 Tennessee Coal & Iron '"ll7 r -4
77.750 United States Leather ' 3vK '■
S,€SO United States Leather prefd . ' 79U !
1 1,020 United States Rubber .." 4^
TTr.lted States Rubber prefd... W'l '
Western Union ' gsv. !
320 Republic Iron & Steel ..." 2414
210 Republic Iron & steel prefd.... "70
PC C & St Louis ;;;;- 74
685,000 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s rep 101 M X & T 2da 71
Do 3b reg 10S Do -Is J3U
Do 3s coup ! ■■', NYC lßta mZ
Do new << r-r, ...129% N .1 C gen Ss n v.
Do new 4s c0up.. .12')% 1N Carolina 65.... 127'
Do old 4a reg 112 | Do 4s km
Do old 4* c0up.. '.112 Pacific Ists 113
Do 6s reg 110% Do 8a 65
Do 6s coup 110% ; Do 4? 102
Dist of Col 3.655. ..117 N V C & St L 45.-.105»4
Ala class A 10S N .-.- W con 45..... 92' i
1 '•• clasß B 108 i Do gen 6s 135'
Do class C 101 Or Nay Ist* 108
Do currency 100 1 Do 4a 103%
Atchlaon gen «*.... 98% Or Short Line «e..l2S' / 4
Do adj 4s 82% i Do con 6a 11414
Canada So 2ds 10S»fc Reading gen 4s S7
Chen & Ohio 4>/is.. 95% R <; W Ists 06%
Do r,B 116 ,St L A I M con Ss.HO
Chi & N con 75. ...145 St L & 8 V gen C5.121'4
Do S F deb r.5... St Paul c0n5.. .:.... 1- -,
Chicago Term 45... 98 St PC& i' Ist a.... 120
D ,vll G Ists/ 106 i Do 5? 120%
Do 4s 98%'50 Railway 6a 108%
X T V & G 15t5... .103% Stand It & T 1a... 83
Erie general 4s 71 1 * Term new set 35... 94
FW& D C Ists... 80 Tex & Pac lsts 113%
Gen Electric Eb....119 : Do 2ds 5,'.
GH & A6b 109 d Pacific 4s 103%
Do 2dß 109VJ Wabash lists 11.1
II * T c 5s 11l Do Bda iOOH
Do con la 110 West Shore 4k.... 113
lowa Central 15t8..113'4 Wis Central Ists... 75
X C P & <; i«t«.... 71% Va Centuries 86
La new con 4s 106 , Do deferred 5
L & N unl 4s 100% Colo Southern 45.. S5
MINING STOCKS.
dollar 20 Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 08 Ophlr 40
Con CHI & Va 1 25 Quicksilver 1 75
Deadwood 65 Do preferred 760
Oould & Curry 20 Sierra Nevada as
Hale & Norcross... 38 Standard 275
Homestake (5 00 Union Con 25
Iron Silver 57 Yellow Jacket 20
Mexican ............ 151
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TIITJKSPAY, NOVEMHER 9, 1899.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Hone] Westinghse Elec... 45
Tall loans 6 Dominion Coal 47"4
Time loans 6%@fl Do prefd 118
Stocks— * I Bonds-
Atoli T & St Fe... 22%j atchiaon 4s 98V4
Do prefd 65%\ Mining shares—
American Sugar... 156H Adventure ..., 6>>i
Bell Telephone 367 , Allouez Mln C 0.... 4%
Moston & Albany.. 2s2 Atlantic -27
Uoston Elevated... lo7 Boston & Mont 321
Boston St Maine.. MM Butte & Boston 67
riii H & Q 132% Calumet & Hec1a..735
lid Elec 111 20S Centennial 25
I'ltchburg prefd.. 120 Franklin IStt
General Electric. ..l2o Humboldt 11*
Federal Steel 54* Oaceola 86
Do prefd 7S» 'or rot 44<*
Mexican Central... 13 v i Qulncy 153
Michigan Tele. ... 105 pt Ke Copper 8%
Old Colony 2<)Sli Tamarack 213
Old minion 3U&I Winona S%
Jtubber 4S ' Wolverines 43
Union Pacific 47% { Utah 88Ja
Union Land 3*4,
New York Money Market.
NEW" YORK, Nov. B.— Money on call, firm.
at 7@12 per c»?nt; last loan, 12: ruling: rate, 8:
prime ir.eroantile paper, fl?s*i per cent. Sterl
ing exchange, easier, with actual business In
bankers' bills at $4 SfiVi®4 SC»i for demand and
at $4 83%©4 84 for sixty day.s; posted rates,
$4 S7'i;ti"4 Ss; commercial bills. $4 s;i; silver cer
titlcutes, Esis@s9Vgc; bar silver. ;>8 : s e; Mexican
dollars, 47SC. Government bonds, strong; State
bends. Inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. S.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able ash balance, $289,207,806; gold reserve,
$204,176,504.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were brisker to-day than
for some time, also more cheerful. Various
v . -,:■ rumors were current. . It was said in
Berlin that Kimberley had been relieved and
imported that Germany had bought African
mines. The alleged concessions to Germany In
Samoa were Interpreted favorably. It wa»
thought that compensation to Great Britain
mlsht Include l>elagoa Bay. Consols were
103% in the morning ou fears of a higher bank
rate. Later opinion on tins point changed and
consols went to 104**.
Americans began strong on reports of Re
publican success in the election, but weakened
on New York sales, closing weak on reports
of Democratic gains.
Spanish 4 a reached 64% on a vague story
from Paris that Russia hnd bought Ceuta, op
posite Gibraltar, for a large sum. Tlntos were
46%@46%: Anacondas were 91 1-16. No gold
was engaged but the price was advanced to
77s 12d. There is very little In the market.
Money was In strong demand, but Paris ex
change, despite the strength of London bills,
moved 2 centimes In favor of England.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. Canadian Pacific, 98^4;
Union Pacific preferred 79; Northern Pacific
preferred 79; Atchison. 23%; Grand Trunk, 7%;
Ana.-onda. ?S; bar sliver Inn, 27d per ounce;
-,..r>ov oji nw rent
« ■ ♦
New York Grain and Produce.
• — — *
NEW YORK. Nov. S.— FLOUR— Receipts.
■52. -".G"; exports, 37,661; sales. 11.000. Easier and
i mure active, without quotable change in prices.
i The easier ruling of wheat caused more liberal
• offerings.
WHEAT— Receipts, 130,425; exports. 1S8.4OO;
' sales 2 46:> 000 futures; 208,000 spot. Spot. dull.
Export demand disappointing. No. 2 red. ,4 v
j f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
i 7^c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 2 red, 72'.4c
i elevator. Options— Opened dull at a decline of
i 3*o under disappointing cables; react la trifle
! on local covering, but again turned easier,
. following Chicago and under local liquidation
! with an entire absence of outside support.
; Closed dull at a net decline of HH'JfcC. March,
i 70%@76%c. closed 70% c; May. 77@77 7 16< .
1 closed 77Uc; December, 73 l-16@73^c, closed
i 73'sc.
iiOPS-Qulet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS— The market for metals was tame,
': closing with buyers and sellers alike showinK
; apathy. Tin was weak and tending downward
I in sympathy with reverses road and dls
! couraglng news from the Weed At the close
: the Exchange i lied:
PIG IRON— Warrants dull, with sellers at
! 51S for March to June delivery.
LAKE COPPER-rDull at $17.
! TlN— Dull and ea«y; |29 75 bid and $30 asked.
LEAD Quiet with $4 CO bid and $4 65 asked.
SPELTER— DuII, with 54 70 bid and $4 SO
1 asked;
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for
j Cupper 1 75r 17 ! .*.c.
I COFFEE— Options c] Bed steady, 4ffilo points
! higher. Sales'. 25.600 baps. Including : Decem-
I ber $."1 45: January, J.i 45; March, tS 55#3 65;
! May. » Cifir. I": July. S! 75(55 80; August, fS 85;
j September, i'o f'o; October, $5 ... a 5. Spot—
; Rio, firm and tending upward. Mild— Firm.
I SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. 3 13- 16 c;
I centrifugal. 96 test, 4 5-16 c; molasses sugar,
! 3 9-IHc; retincd. steady.
NKW YORK, Nov. %.— BUTTER— Receipts,
12.532 packages <two days), firm; Western
creamery. ISQ2SC; June creamery, 18rg23V4c;
i factory, 15® 17c.
KGC.S — Receipts, 10,62!> packages; firmer.
; Western, ungraded at irk, 145T19C.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NKW STORK, Nov. S.— California dried fruits,
i firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common s@7c;
: ]>r::r.- wire tray, 7%'sSc; choice, SU'JjSVjc; fancy,
PRUNES^— 3H<g'BVie.
; AriU'OT.S- Royal, inline; Wo. rpark, lß@lßc
PEACHES-rPeeied, 20@22c; unpeeled, 7',^'glOc.
igo Grain Market.
: CHICAGO. Nov. S.— The loss in Liverpool '
' worked potently on the price of wheat at the I
j opening. be initial price was under puts lit
; a loss from yesterday of Vi?i%c, December at
! 68%@65%e, and May at 72 l >i'ij72 At these '
j figures there was some buying by shorts and j
. against holders of puts which resulted in a
! rally of Vie. This failed to hold. The fact
: that there was almost no outside demand acted
; a±> a bearish Influence and there was a rush
:to dispose of long stocks on the bulge. The
; price declined. I•■ ■ -;i i ■■•: to GS«r,<9Bs'.ic and
; May to 72%'&72V2C. At this point there was a
I rally caused by determined effort to protect i
I puts, which sent the December option to fiS%c
i and the -May to 72ft'S'72 | Sic. These figures acted i
| merely as a. bait to holders, and the price eased ;
j off on profit-taking to 68% c for December and
1 72 \ie for May. The close was weak. December
jat SS'.jifiS&iic and May at 72',-ic. At no time
did the price get above puts. A reported in- :
crea.se of 25,000,000 bushels in the world's stock
for October had much to do with the closing
weakness.
; Corn showed little strength following wheat
!on the Liverpool weakness. December closed
jat ZlVk@2VAc May closed at 32ftc.
! Sympathy with corn and some liberal selling
by shorts caused a decline of %c in oats. De
cember closed at 22Si(g22ftc.
Irregularity marked the trade in provisions.
The opening was at a Flight gain, and this was
followed by an advance chiefly In pork, which
went up 7V<.c, caused by investment buying and
liberal shipping orders. The market turned
weak later on free selling of pork and lard. !
January closed • I '';■■■ under yesterday, Janu
ary lard a shade lower and January ribs 2ftc
higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
i Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 65% 63% 6S%i 68! i
May 72% 72% 72ft 12%
Corn No. 2—
December ?i'<4 31% 31% 31%
January 31 1, 314 30% SO^
May 32* 32", 32ft 33){
i Oats No. 2—
December 22% 21% 22V4 2214
-May 24 241* 23;» 23?* I
Mess Pork, per barrel — ■ .
December 8 22% 830 820 820
January 9 77>/i 9 82^ 970 970
May 990 990 9 77V4 8 77ft
Lard, per 100 pounds—
December 5 07*4 ; 5 07% 505 605
' January 6 25 6 30 6 25 6 25
May 540 5 42ft 640 640
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
December 4 £2ft 4 92ft 4 92', 4 42ft
January 4 97ft 605 4 97% 600
Cash quotations were as • follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 6:.%iQ:67c; No. 2 red
09*ic; No. 2 corn, B2>4c; No. 2 oats. 23?ij23};c-
No. 2 white, 25%@2C^4c; No. 3 white, 24%<826e:
No. 2 rye, Mftc; No. 2 barley, 37@43c; No. 1
I flaxseeJ, Jl 28; prime timothy seed, $2 30; mess
pork, per barrel, $7 76<g'S 25: lard, per 100
pounds, $3 05®5 20; short ribs sides (loose), $4 85
<35 20: dry salted shoulders (boxed), J5 37ft<3>
! 6 CO; short Clear sides (boxed), J5 20ff5 25: whis
ky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon, (1 23ft.
Articles— , Receipts. Shipments
! Flour, barrels 19,000 13 000
I Wheat, bushels 103,000 14 000
Corn, bushels 516.000 433,000
Oats, bushels 403,000 298.000
Rye, bushels 14.000 2,000
Barley, bushels ..; 145.000 25,000
1 Barley, bushels 148,000 25.000
On,' the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, ir.iT24e: dairy. 14®
He, Ecks, firm; ISO. ''I >■'•• Bteady; 11%©
l?'-c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Deo. Mar. May.
Opening 5 ii'« 6 V 4 6%
Closing 5 104 6 »*» 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 18 00 19 10
Closing 17 95 18 10
Flour-
Opening 24 30 X M
Closing ....'.*..'. 24 15 1 60
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Nov. S.— Special telegraphic and
cable dispatches to Bradstreeta show the fol
lowing changes In available supplies, as com
pared with last week:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, Increase 2,647.000 bushels. Liver
pool Corn Trad* News, afloat tor and In Eu
rope, decrease i.100.000 bushels. Total supply,
decrease, 1,453,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 1,379.000 bushels.
Oats— United State* and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase 116,(00 bushels.
Among the more Important Increases report
ed but not given In the official visible supply
statement are those of 677.000- bushels at < hi
cago private elevators; .'■ ,000 bushels at North
western interior elevators; 200,000 bushels at
Manitoba storage points: 67.000 bushels at
Portland. Me., and 50,000 bushels at Kingston.
The principal decreases are those of 113.000
bushels nt Depot Harbor. Ontario, and 50.000
bushels at Minneapolis private elevator*.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
■ land. Or., and Ta ■ ma and Seattle, Wash., de
: creased 176,000 bushels last week.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. Nov. B.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: drapes— Emperor, $1
(82 50 single crates: Red Emperors, $1160160;
Muscat, 45ii$l 60; Tokays, TOSJI 63. Pears—
Easter Beurre, $1 53; Winter Nellis, $2 34. tour
cars of fruit were sold to-day.
Porter Bros." Company sales: Pears— \\ inter
Neilis, $2 45 box; Glout Morceau, $2 40. Grapes—
Cornlchons, $1 20®l 35 single crate: \ erdelle. 90c
<aU 20; Fere:-, $1 05; Tokay, &s<&Ssc.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. S.— CATTLE— beeves,
: strong and active: Western, 10c higher: good to
fancy cattle, $5 COJJ6 50; few fancy, $8 90; com
i mon to medium, $4 3f.#5 65; cows, heifers, and i
I bulls. $1 76®6; fancy heifers, $5 80; Texans,
grass, S3 So©3 95; Texas, fed, $4 70@5 50; calves,
$4 v 4 60; Western rangers. $4 13SJ5 30; inners,
$1 75<52 90; feeders, $4^4 60; stackers, $3@4.
Hi m;s racking hogs, ,c higher; others steady
to stronger. Fair to prime. $4 ;."■ m 60; heavy
1 packers, $3 90<if4 15; mixed, $4@4 22^1 butchers,
$4 2O'tf4 27>..; lightweights, $4!&4 23.
SHEEP ■; sheen and lambs, 10c to lnc
• higher; other grades, steady to firm. Few West
■ ems. Common to choice. $3 -'■■■!* 60; Western
; rangers, $3 60@4 50; good to prime lambs, $6@
6 50: prime native yearling?, $4 40@4 75; range
lambs, none on sale, nominally $4 60@5 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 16,500; hogs, 29,000; sheep,
12,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. Clearings, $348,030; bal
ances, $29,807.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. B.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
Me; valley. 65c; blue stem, 56c.
Cleared— British schooner Fulwood. with 111,
--500 bushels wheat: British bark Forforshlre,
j with 22,848 barrels flour, both for Queenstown. :
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash;; Nov. S.— No change in
wheat; club, 53Vio; blue stem, 55Vic.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. B.— Consols, v»@104%; sil
■ ver. 26 15-16 d ; French rentes, lOOf 7U,c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers
apart: cargoes on passage, very Inactive: Eng
-1 lish country mark.ts, part fid cheaper.
j LIVERPOOL, Nov. S— Wheat dull: wheat In
j Paris, dull: flour in Paris, dull; French coun
! try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 7-324.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — Spot No. 2 red Western winter, \
■ dull, 5s 10'iid; No. l Northern spring, dull,
6s Hd. Futures, quiet; December, fs lOVid;
j March, 'Cs ll%d: May, 6s %d.
I CORN— Spot American mixed, new and old, i
; firm. 3s 6d. November, steady, 3s ,
► &%d: December, quiet, 3s 6%d; January, quiet,
i 3s cr s d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
' Sterling Exchange, sixty days — — $4 S3
! Sterling Exchange, sight — « SiJ*
i Sterling Cables — * »4
: New York Exchange, sight — Vi
i New York Exchange, telegraphic - 12 a
j Mexican Dollars «S «SV»
j Fine Silver, per ounce — oS I,*1 ,*
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT The Oenevieve Mollnos takes for
Cork 57.572 ctls. valued at s '"'" Xi
There was -i pronounced drop In futures. Spot
quotations remained unchanged, with a dull
market. •
All over the world the market shows a down
! ward, tendency. Chicago reported a decline,
I with the bears replacing short lines and ham
■ mering the market. The easiness In Corn also
affected Wheat, and the situation was de
pressed all around. »_,.-.
Spot Wheat Shipping, *i 05; milling. $1 oiM>@
1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:15 o'clock May 2000 ctls.
$1 m;: 2000. $1 14V»: 12.000, »l 13%; 36.000, $114.
I - .;:;(., | . 00, $1 07. 
Second Session May 2000 ctls. $1 13%; 3-1.000,
i.;-. December-12.00n. ?! 06%; 10,000, 06%.
Regular Morning Session May— 2ooo ctls.
51 13%; 2000. $1 13%; 10,000, $1 13v4. December—
6000 $1 06%.
Afternoon Session 4000 ctls. Sift; 10,000,
Jl 13%. December— 4ooo, *1 06%; 8000. $1 OS'S,.
BARLEY The market remains stagnant and
hanged There Is nothing doing on call.
Feed, 78@85c; Brewing and shipping grades,
SOH/95c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:16 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— N.i Bales'.
Regular Morning .Session— pales.
Aftern i Session— No Bales.
OATS— The market continues firm enough,
but the demand is slack. White. $1 lO@l 30;
Red, Si OTViGI 17%; Gray. $1 07%@l 17%; Black,
97V4f(ffJl 10.
CORN Eastern large Yellow, $1 06@l 07V4;
White $1 05@l ''''-: mixed, $1 02V4@1 06 per ctl.
UYE-97'iciaSl 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 90@2 15 per ctl
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $8 60@S 76,
usual terms; bakers' extras, 13409380; Oregon
and Washington, 8540®360 per barrel for ex
tra. $2 2'j'u'A 40 for bakers, and $2 25(g3 for super-
MILLBTUFFB- Prices in sacks are as fol
lowa usual discount to the trade: (iraham
Flour 1326 per 100 lhs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal 12 B0; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal. 53 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
i; : :iIS $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buckwheat
Flour '$4<ii4 25' Cracked Wheat, £>".'.; Farina,
$4 60; 'Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
iliarr.i-i t6 05®6 46; In sacks, $6 8506 25; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 00; Green Peas, $5 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continued heavy at previous prices. The
demand wur slow, as usual in rainy weather.
BRAN— 3I7OI7 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 9C { i2O 50 per ton.
i"i:i:i 'STTFFS— Rolled Barley, $18618 60 per
ton- fill Cake .\l<'al at th<- mill, $26@27; Jobbing,
527 6fi«2S; Cocoanut Caki;. $2iV'il!l; Ci.rnmeal.
$23 s<K(i 24 50 ; Cracked Corn, 134026; Mixed Feed,
$16 60017; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HA V— Wheat. $B^9 50 for common to Rood and
Slo®lo6o tor choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 r.o^riu;
Oat, $7(&9 50; Barley, $Rig-S; Alfalfa, $5®7 50 per
ton; Compressed, I 7 6099 M per ton.
BTRAW— BO©4SHc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Except an advance In Rayos there are no
further change in Beans, hut the feeling con
tinues nrm. Seeds are as before.
BEANS— BayoB. $2 60<g2 76; small White. $2 85
02 96; Luc* Whit*, $2 30@2 40; l'liiks. $2 o()i§2 65;
Reds $3«5<g3 75; Blackeye, $4 30; Butters, $3;
Lima, $4 90@5; Pea. $2 ;5@3; Red Kidneys, $2 60
©2 70 per ctl.
SEEMS— Hrown Mustard, Sf^Ju.c; Yellow Mus
tard, 4®444c; Flax, nominal; Canary, l'ic per
Hi for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Hape, IftffSo; Hemp, 4fo.4>rac; Timothy.
■ ■
DRIED PKAS— Mies, $1350150; Green. $175
61 S5 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The only changs worthy of note la an lm-
provement In Tomatoes. Potatoes and Onions
are quiet at previous prices.
POTATOES River Reds, 85@65c: Burbanks.
45(IiG6r per ctl; Salinas Uurbanks, $I@l 25; Ore
gon Burbanks. bSc#sl 10; Sweet Potatoes, 65@75c
for River* and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS-604i76c per ctl.
VEGETABLES Green Peas, 3@sc per lb;
String Bean*. 3@6c: Lima Beans. r>«6c;
Cabbage SB©40o; Tomatoes. 20©50 c; Egg Plant.
40(ij. ,0c- Dried Okra, 12V4C per lb; Garlic, 2<?i3c;
Green Peppers 60iJ?85c per box; Carrots, 30®40c
per sack: Cucumbers, 40(f?50c: Marrowfat
Squash, $S©lo per ton; Mushrooms, B@loc per
lb for choice and 4@se for poor.
Poultry and Game.
The market If In better shape than It was
last week, nwing to the comparatively liKht
receipts fmm the East. Turkeys and good
Heirs are firm, but young stock stil ! drags.
There Ik no particular change In Game, the
market ruling linn.
POULTRY Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gob
blers and 14@16c toi Hens; Foung Turkey
17c; Dressed Turkeys, 17@18c; Geese, per pair,
II 50 /I 7,>; Goslings, $1 50®] 75; Ducks, $4@4 50
for old and Jt HO'i/T. f,O for y.uuiK. !1- :;■-. J.'.'i:' F.n;
Vounß Roosters, S^ iiM Roosters ivu* 50; Fry
ers, $3 25i(3 50; Broilers, $3^'3 25 for lar»?e. $2 50
r^3 for small: Pigeons, $1 26®1 50 per dozen for
old and $1 75@2 tor Squabs.
CAME— Quail, $2fj 2 :'<; Mallard, $6ffi'S: Tan
vasback. $6®9; Bprlg. $4®6 50; Tea!, $3@4 50;
Widgeon, $2 60©3; Small Duck, $2®2 50; Doves,
75<ra85c per dozen; Hare. $1 2S@l 50; Rabbits,
$1 75; Gray Uc^, $3 50@4; White, $1 50®l 75;
Brant $2@3: English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen;
Jack Bnipe, t\ 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is very dull, sales being smaller and
fewer than for some time, and stocks are ac
cordingly accumulating. The feeling Is weak,
but prices are no lower. The warm rains tend
to depress values.
Eggs and Cheese are unchanged, with the ex
ception of a decline in Eastern Eggs.
BUTTER— „„„.
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 25®26c; ccc
' Dairy— Fancy. 24c; good to choice, 22@23c;
Pickled roll, 22®24c; firkin, 21@22^c; cream
ery tub, 22%@24c
Eastern— l7li ISc for ladle packed and 25c for
Elgin; Oregon ladle, 17@19c per lb.
CHEESE— mild new, UVic; old. 10^@
lie- Young America, ll%c; Eastern, 14@15c.
EGGS Quoted at 25<S32V£c for store and 37%@
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 27«25c for
selected, 24@26c for No. 1 and 20<a22Vs>c for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There were hardly any Wine Grapes on the
market yesterday, and they will soon disap
pear. Table Grapes are slow and unchanged.
Apples are quoted lower, because there are
no strictly fancy coming in at the moment.
The demand for Quinces has fallen off sharply
and prices are lower.
Oranges are In moderate request at weaken
ing prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— •
Apples 3S@6sc per box for common; iocijfsl
for good' and $1 25 for choice.
BERRIES -Blackberries, — per chest;
Strawberries. per ' ••-' for small and
$2 SOgS for large berries; Raspberries, J. E .^6 per
chest; Huckleberries. 6{}6c per lb; Wiscon
sin Cranberries, $6 50@7 30 per bbl: Cape Cod
Cranberries $7 50frS Mi; Coos Bay Cranberries,
$6 50 per barrel and $202 25 per box.
Persimmons. 75c@$l -" per box.
Grapes, 2.">'iysoc per box: crates sell lO'jn.ic
higher; Wine Grapes, $15#20 per ton and nom
inal.
Winter Pears, 60c*f?$l 50 per box.
Winter Pears. 50c$l 50 per box.
Quinces, 40^fi0c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $4fJ(i per
box; Seedlings, $2 50@3; Grape Fruit, $2 s'ift4 30;
Lemons 75c@$l 50 for common and $2^4 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4; California
Limes. - : Bananas, $2@3 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, $11? 2 .'■• per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
DRIED FRUIT? Prunes, In sacks, 4*ic for
40-sO's, Vie for sn-60's. 3?; c ror 00-70'?. 3Vic for
70-SO's. 3c for SO-So's and 2%r for 90-100's; Apri
cots. WffUc for Royals. H'j.'SlCc for Moor
parks an.l 12@14d tor Blenheims; Peaches, Si?
fiUc for Standards. CRGVic for choice and 7c for
fancy; polled Peaches, 12>A<3>16c; Evaporated
Apples. 7@7%c; Sun-di ■ 5435^0 per Ib; Nec
tnrinos. B%@9c per Ib lor red: Pears. GMs'-TSc for
quarters and ■■'■'> for halves; Black Figs. 3®
3',no: White Figs. 4fific; Bleached Plums, Siff9o;
Unbleached Plums. 7®7V*c fur pitted and lhc
for unpitted.
RAISINS Bleache.l Thompson's- Fancy, per
lh, 10c; choice, '.'■■; standard. 9c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Thompson's, per Ib, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib, S',ic; choice. "';■■■: standard, 6%c;
prime, Be; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose. Muscatels, 5V4c;
3-crown, •''«''■ 4-cro\vn, 7c: ix>ndon Layers,
2-cro\vn. $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, i: :■■■■: Imperjal. 53. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS Chestnuts. 10c: Walnuts. '•;i'.- for
standards. and 10%011%c for snftshell; Al
monds, 12-/;" ...- for paper-shell. lO@llc for soft
and ''!■■ for hardshell; Peanuts, B?i@6%c for
Eastern, and Be for California; Brazil Nuts,
7i.,fjS'ic: Filberts, l l'-/.i 12.- . Pecans, lOSJllc;
Cocoa nuts. M 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, UHc for bright and 10%' for
lipht amber; water white extracted, T' 4 '-r7u,-;
light amber extracted, •'■'■ '■-.'• ■; dark, 5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24<g2Cc per Ib.
Provisions.
Everything remains as previously quoted.
CURED MEATS— S>4c per Ib for
heavy, 9#9^c for light medium, lie for light,
i 12'4c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12V"'>: California
Hams, 12V4©13c: Mess Beef. $11 per bbl; extra |
Mesa $12 50; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, I
$12 50; extra clear. (1650; mess, $15(S~15 50; j
Smoked Beef. 12c per Ib
LARD Tierces quoted at C?i6»-4c per Ib for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
71.,,-: 10-lb tins. Sc; 5-lb tins. B?4c.
COTTOLEXE— Tierces, 7%@7%c per Ib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are. very strong nt the advances noted
below. Tallow Is off again, owing to Increased
receipts.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy waited steers
llV*c; medium, lie: light, 10% c; Cowhides, 10®
]n-.",-; stats. 7c; Salted Kip. 10c; Calf, 10c;
Dry Hides, sound. 17ffilSc: culls and brands.
14.-'; Dry Kip and Veal. Ifie; Dry Calf. ISc;
Sheepskins, yearlings. 20(g"35c each: short Wool,
35<((60e each; medium. 70©90 c; long Wool, $16}
1 26 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 00 for large and
jlffl | 50 for small; Colts. 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, ,5c per lb; No. 1,
4Vtc: refined. ; grease, 2^ic.
WOOL—
Fall clip— San Joaquln plains, 7U-ff9e; South
ern. 7@loc; Middle County. 10@12%c; Humboldt
and Mendocfno. I5®l«c: Eastern Oregon. ll©16c;
Valley Oregon, IS® 18c; Northern Mountain,
free. llfilSc; Northern Mountain, defective, 9@
lie per lb.
HOI'S— per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7@7Vsc per lb for Steers and 6V4@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— S@9e ppr lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c; Ewes, 6»4c per lb.
LAMB v i<M2C per lb.
PORK— Live Horp. r.»-ic for small, 6%®5%c
for medium and C'«."V for large: stock Hogs
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, 7<gßHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grnln Baps. 7@7Uc: Wool |
Bags, 28<&30c; Fruit Bags, fie. 6>4c and 6%c for
the three grades of white and V£c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Well. on, $S per ton: New Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, 56; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $8; Scotch,
; Cumberland, $9 75 in bulk and $11 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Can
nel. $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $9 60; Coke, $13 per ton in bulk and $15
in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sujrar Refining Com
pany Quotes, terms net cash, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 6%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c; Confectioners' A, 4%c; California A,
— ; Magnolia A, 4>/j,c; Extra C. 4%c; Golden
C, 4Vic; barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels, Vie
more; boxes. %c more; 50-lb bags, hie more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
l~ic per In.
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at 169 -
943 bags, against 120,026 for the same time last
year. The sales from first hands were 152 253
bags, against 108,089. The stock on hand No
vember 1 was 12.990 bags, against 17,349. The
world's supply October 1 was 8,036, 5D6 bags
against 6,905,233 bags October 1, 189 S. The cir
cular says:
"The local market has ruled quiet since our
last review. In New York spot Brazils ad
vanced slightly on October 19, and are now %a
%c »above their lowest point with a correspond
ing improvement in futures. The rise was pri
marily due to rumors of bubonic plague at San
tos—subsequently confirmed as being desultory
only In character and extent— has since
been maintained by retarded receipts at the
two ports, owing to heavy rains, higher views
on the part of the Brazilians and rumors of less
favorable crop prospects. Mini coffees have ex
perienced little practical benefit beyond impart
Ins a steadier feeling. Local stocks are so small
and poorly assorted as to offer no Inducements
to operations beyond supplying Immediate re
quirements.
Stocks in first hands consist of 253 bags Costa
Rica. 664 Nicaragua, 2874 Salvador, 7412 Guate
mala and 319 Mexican; in all 11,522 bags as
against 16,937 bags same time last year Stock*
In second hands are heavier than usual
We quote: <■ Costa Rica— l3'... ( il6c for nrln
washed; U©lJ*ic for good washed; 11%@15c for
Rood to prime washed peaberry; 9&@llc for
go . od tO cJ£l me P^aberry; 9@l2c for good to
prime; B®9Vic nominal for good current mixed
! with black beans; B#BTsc for fair; 6@7%c for
I common to ordinary. Salvador 9@ll%c for good
i to prime washed; "^i'JjS'&c for fair washed; 9%@
j ll%c for good to prime washed peaberry; 7?i@
' i\c for good to prime semi-washed; 7\i§SVic
for superior unwashed; 7%c for good green un
washed, B%si9Vic for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; sii>6?ic for common to ordinary. Nic
aragua — 14S16 I ,ic for prime to fancy washed; 8@
lie for fair to good washed; 7>4@7 : »ic nominal
for good to superior unwashed; S\li9V«c nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guate
mala and Mexican— l2@ls%c for prime to fancy
washed; 9&llc for good to strictly good washed:
SigSTgC for fair washed; 7@7%c for medium: iff
6%, c for Inferior to ordinary; 10@U%c fur good
to prime washed peaberry; 8%@9%c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 7&(&SVic for good to
superior unwashed.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 8.
Flour qr sks 18,489 Chicory, bbls — "2
Wheat, ctli 8,075 Lime, bbls 183
Barley, ctls 8,800 Leather, r0115.... 163
Oats, ctls 1,660 j Wine, gals 26,500
Corn, ctls 125 Brandy, gals .... 3,435
Rye. ctls 840 Bugar, bbls 400
Butter, ctls 126 Eggs, doz 4,560
Cheese ctls 219: Pelts. bdls 3,752
Potatoes, ska .... 4.946 Hides. No 92
Beans, ska 2,248 Hay, tons 481
Onions sks 804 Straw, tons 17
Bran, sks 1,851 Hops, bales 1. »4
Middlings, ska .. 240 Wool," bags 252
Sugar, sks 1,220 1
OREGON.
Flour, n,r sks ... 2.347 Bran, sks 611
Oats, ctls 650 j
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a good business In securities on
the morning session of the Bond Exchange,
but fluctuations were narrow and unimportant.
Trading was light In the afternoon. Spring
Valley Water sold down to $100 and Gas &
Electric was stronger at $56 50.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Nov. B—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— £quit G L Co. 6»4 6%
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 13% —
la quar reg.... — — 0<: L & H.... 43 47%
Is quar new... — 131*4 ; Pac Gas Ira.. .'8 —
8s quar c0up. .107%108 Pac Light Co.. 40% —
Miscellaneous— 3 & L.... 66% 56%
Cal-st Cab 58.117 — San Fran 3 3%
C C Wat ;"5....108 109 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 6s. 130 — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 68.115 — Flrem's Fund. 22o —
Geary-st It 6s. — 95 Bank Stocks —
H C .'.- S 6%5.-.107% — Anglo-Cal 65 —
1, A Ry 55....106 1 .4106% ißank of Cal... — —
L A LCo 55.. 99 — Cal S D & T.. — 98
Do gntd fis.. 99 — Fidst National — 245
Do Ktnd 55.. — — |Lon P& A 123 —
LA& P R 55. 104 — Mer Ex — 16
Market-st 65... 128% — Nev Nat 8k...183%1b0
Do Ist M 55.1162117 Savings Banks— ,
NC N G R 78.112 — Ger S & L...1700 —
N Rof Cal 65. 116 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NR of Cal 58.113 — Mut Say 8k.... 39 —
N PC R R 68.101 — : ; F Say U...500 —
N PC It R 55. 107 108 iHav & L 50... — 85
N Cal R R 55.112% — Sec Say Bk — 310
OG L & H ss. — 110 Union T C 0... .1400 1440
Oak Trim 65... — — ■ Street Railroads —
Ocean S S Bs..lOßTilO7Vi California 120 —
Om C Ry 65. ..126 — scary 50 —
V&CI Ry 65.. 107% — Market-fit 62 —
Pk &') Ry 68.115 — Oak SL & H. — 50
Powell-st H 6s — 122 I Presidio 17% 30
Bac El G&RSS. — — ; Powder —
S F & N P "5.114-%1 1.-. i-; California 170 —
S F & S JV55.115% — JE Dynamite... 85 95
ERy of Sal 65.105>4 — 3iant Con Co.. S3 89%
: ; Pof A C5....112»i — Vlgorlt 3 314
BP C 65(1905). — — Sugar—
SP C 6a(1906).lll — Hana P C 0... 10% 11
KP C C5(1912). 118*4 — Haw C&S Co — 96
BPCIs eg ss. — — Honokaa SCo 34% —
B P Br 6a 123 — Hutch SP Co 28% 29%
S V Wat 65. ...114% — Kilauea S Co.. 26 30
5 V Wat 4.x. 103 10314 Ma ka well SCo 49 —
B V W4s(3dm).lol?i — Onomea B Co.. — 38%
Ktktn Gas tis.. — — i Paauhau S Co. 34% —
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous —
Contra Costa. 76% 76% A! Pack Assn. llß 119%
Matin County. 50 — Mer Xx Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. 100%101% pceanlc S Co.. 91 91%
Gas md Electric— Pac A F A.... I*4 —
Cent Gas C 0... — — Pae C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Cent L, & P.... 6 — I Par Paint Co.. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 California Street R It 120 00
120 Contra Costa Water 76 SO
JSOOO Contra Costa Water Bonds 108 25
15 Giant Powder Con 89 50
17.'. Hana Plantation Co 1100
300 Honokaa S Co 35 00
20 Hutchlr.son S P Co 2S 87%
20 Market Street Railway 62 50
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal ss, cash 113 00
100 Oceanic S S Co 90 50
$2i riu Oceanic S S Bonds, cash 107 00
20 Paauhau B !' Co .. 35 00
20 luhau S P Co, b 3 35 00
230 auhau s P Co 34 75
20 s F Gas & Electric Co 56 00
'MB I" Gas & Electric, cash 56 00
Street—
DO Honokaa S Co 35 25
Afternoon Session.
95 Contra Costa Water 76 50
12f> Contra Costa Water 76 75
50 Equitable Gas 6 25
23 Giant Powder Con 89 25
35 Hana Plantation Co 1100
100 Honokaa S C ■ 35 00
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 29 00
25 Panuliau S P Co 35 "0
B0 S F Gas & Electric Co 56 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 5*5 37%
60S V Water 100 00
55 Yigorit Powder 3 00
60 Vigor! t Powder 3 12%
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
, Morning Session.
Board—
50 Equitable Gas 6 37%
20 Giant Powder Con 89 75
20 Giant Powder Con 89 62%
10 Hana Plantation 11 50
r,O kawell Sugar Co 49 12%
20 8 F Gas & Electric 56 25
ins F Gas * Electric 56 12%
10 S V Water 101 00
5S V Water 10100
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Contra Costa Water 76 37%
40 Contra Costa Water 76 60
20 Equitable Gas «25 j
25 Giant Powder Con 89 75 I
15 Giant Powder Con 89 37%
10 Giant Powder Con 89 50
} 000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 106 00
10 Oceanic S s Co 90 75
Hi' Paauhau Sugar Co 34 87% 1
15 Market Street Railway 62 25 i
25 S F Gas & Electric 56 12 !
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
400 Tidal Wave 2 80
100 San .Toaquin O & D Co 1 00
100 Caribou 1 23
200 Norlhlleld 80
850 Barker Ranch 1 io
500 Century Oil Co 75
200 Grand Central Oil Co 2 60
100 Grand Central Oil Co 2 65
Street—
100 Monterey Oil Co ■ 25
Afternoon Session.
500 Tidal Wave 2 70
50 Barker Ranch Oil Co 1 oS"
500 Century Oil Co 70
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 100
300 Petroleum Center , 30
Afternoon Session.
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 105
400 Petroleum Center ." 30
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Chollar 21 100 Mexican .. 17
300 Choi 20 500 Ophlr . ... 51
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 500 Potosl "G
500 Justice 03 200 Sierra Nevada' 34
CCO Mexican 16 .
Afternoon Session
100 Belcher 33 200 Mexican .... 16
100 Best & Belcher 3S 100 Mexican .. ' is
100 Con Cal & Va..l 35 50 Ophlr " la
50 Confidence 67 50 Ophir ... "*"" ri
350 Gould & Curry. 24 200 Potosi ... " " 28
550 Hale & Norc... 40 200 Sierra Nevada" 11
100 Justice 03 100 Yellow Jacket". 23
The following were the sales in Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Andes 12 300 Ophir .. 52
200 Challenge Con. 21 400 Ophir "" 60
SCO Crown Point... 12 200 Sierra Nevada" 35
700 Mexican 16 j 400 Union C0n....'. 26
Afternoon Session.
800 Andes 121 700 Hale & Norc 40
100 Andes 11' 800 Mexican ' i«
200 Belcher 34 1000 Mexican ."." " i?
200 Belcher 35 j 200 Ophlr ' '" ci
200 Con C*l & V.I 32 ' a 200 Potosi .. " 00
800 Crown Point... 121 200 Potosi "*"* £?
600 Gould & Curry M
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Wednesday, Nov. 8— p. m
Bid. Ask. i . . Tii,« A '1.
Alpha 02 01 Kentuck .. _ '«
Alta — 03 Lady Wash — 02
Andes 11 13 Mexican ...."' 15 ,i
Belcher 33 35 ■Occidental ... 15 17
Best & Belcher 39 40 Ophir ' 51 £0
Bullion 06 07 Overman .... " is 17
Caledonia 60 —'Potosi 2S 90
Chollar 21 23 Savage .".*.*' 15. 17
Challenge Con. 23 25 i Scorpion .... 02 —
Confidence C 6 — Keg Belcher ... 06 07
Con Cal & Va..l 35 1 40; Sierra Nevada. 37 38
Con Imperial .. — 02 Silver Hill ' — 03
Crown Point... 12 13 St Louis — m
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate ...... — 06
Gould & Curry 24 25 Union Con .... '7 -9
Hale & Norc... 40 41 Utah .. OS 09
Julia ........... — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 22 2 \
Justice 03 04
AUCTION SALES"
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO ,
AUCTIONEERS, 31 and 33 Sinter Street.
Telephone Main 5181
Cash paid for Furniture, Carpets, Desks and
Merchandise to parties not wishing to wait for
Auction Returns.
PUBLIC. ATTENTION!
FRIDAY and SATURDAY, Nov. 10 and 11, 1899,
At 11 o'clock a. m..
We Will Sell in Our Salesrooms, by Catalogue,
The Magnificent Farnitnre. Works of Art, Brgnzes
Oil Paintings by Keith, Hill, Huggens &rd others ;
Bilk, i ati ■ and Imported Lace Curtains, etc., for-
merly belonging to Colonel Thomas Ewing of Ver-
non Heights, Oakland
DRAWING-ROOMS -1 Kohler Upright Pinno
with 6 orchestra attachments, cost {7'JO; MagnK
flcent Wilton Carpets; 1 very Elegant Satin and
Hand-carved Parlor Set; Elegant Odd Tieres
of Upholstery; Ebony Parlor and Music ('abi
nets: Reception Chairs; French Clocks; Mantel
Mirrors; French and German Rronz»>s: Bisque
Figures; Carrara Marble Statues and Hu^tc-
Onyx Pedestals.
LIBRARY— Very Elega-it Leather Upholstered
Sofas and Easy Chairs; Fine Walnut iJesk CO st
H75; Library Tables; Brunswlck-Ba Bi'lllarri
Table. ra
DINING-ROOM— I Magnificent v. Di'!-
ing-room Set, consisting of Sideboard. Extension
Table and Leather Upholstered Chairs co-t
J10O0; Fine Silverware, Cut-glass Ware and 1
China Dinner .Sets. 1
HALL— I Magnificent Walnut Mlrror-ljirlr
Hall Stand cost $400. X
BEDROOMS— Mahogany and Walnut Chamber
Sets; Best of Hair Mattresses; Bedding- also
1000 yards Wilton. Axmii an! Body Brus-
sels Carpet: Kitchen Furniture, etc.
NOTE— The contents of this house cost $25*000
to furnish and are without exception th» finest
collection of goo'Js offerM at amtion 'or rmiiv
years. GOODS NOW ON EXHIBITION'
EDWARD B. SPEAR & CO., Auction»«
Time Ball.
Branch HydrngTaphic Office, XJ. S. N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco,' Cal "
November 8,
The time ball on the tower of the new Fc-'y
building, was dr.: . ■ . H-day
i. c., at nooi 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
CALKINS
Lieutenant c,-, H » - ; or r s y ln cnar g e _
♦ — . __-♦
Sun, Moon and Tide. i
* — — A
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintend!
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at "
the city front fMissic|)n-Etreet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places. ■
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9.
Bun rises 6:46 *
Sun sets s:na
Moon sets .'.11:05 p. m,
t.
0.1
0.3
4.6
4..;
4.7
4.8
des
eft
th»
he
nf
ido
the
but
hts
the
ept
ht,
om
nt
r?.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third titlo
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there, are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — > precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane nt
reference Is the mean of the lower low water?.
« — *
Steamer Movements. I
1
♦— . ♦
TO SAIL.
I*.
Shipping Intelligence.
♦ _ ♦
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 8.
Stmr Weeott, Burtis. 34 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Corona, Debney, SI hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Newburg 1, Hansen, 85 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Cleone, Walvig, 38 hours from Redondo.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19% hours from Eureka.
Stmr San Juan. Brown, 20% days from Pa
nama and .way ports.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonlfle'.d, 7S hours from De
parture Bay.
U S stmr Warren, Hart, 25 days from Manila,
via Nacasaki 17 days.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 4 days from
Departure Bay.
Whaling bark Andrew Hicks, Shores, 2S days
from Kural Island.
Ger bark Marie Hackfeld, 'Wuhrmann, 17 days
from Honolulu.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jensen, 2 day- from.
Stewarts Point.
Schr John A. Nilsson. 12 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, 24 days from Colum
bia River.
CLEARED. -~4
Wednesday, November 8.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Kail
road and Nay Co.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarinich, Panama; P M
S S Co.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Seattle a: 1 Van
couver: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Titanla, Ejrenes, Nana::r. John
Rosenf Sons.
SAILED.
Wednesday, November S.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stn\r Acapulco, Cattarlnicn. 'Panama.
Stmr Portland, Lundaulst, Portland.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Sunol, Green, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander, .
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle, .
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, .
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Nor stmr Titanla. Egenes, Nanaimo.
Bark Levl G Burgess. Youngren, Tneoma.
Bktn W H Dlmond. Nilson, Honolulu.
Brig Consuelo, Jacobsen. Mahukona.
Schr Mary C. Madsen, Fort Robs.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov S. 10 P m—Weather
Cloudy; wind south, velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Get 27, lat 44 N. lon 15 W—Br ship Achnaahi?,
from Liverpool, for Vancouver.
Nov 4, lat 50 N. ion 5 W—Br ship Mount
stuart. from London, for Port Townsend.
Nov 5. lat 50 N. lon 6W— ship Dowan Hill.
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
COLLISION.
Stmr Weeott. bound in this morning from
Eureka, collided with pilot boat America lylneM
at anchor ofT the barge.office; the American had
jlbboom carried away.
Continued on Page Eleven.fiaywards, Oakland
WIFE ELOPED
AND IN HIDING
FROM HUSBAND
Mr. Howe Seeks His
Young Daughter.
SIRS. HOWE AND DAUGHTER ELLA.
•
Oakland Office San Francisco C ill,
90S Broadway, Nov. 8.
W. O. Howe, a merchant of this city,
Js punting a wife who has eloped, but far
more- anxiously is he trying to regain his
li^yearfpld daughter, whom tho mother
took away with her. Howe has invoked
the assistance of the Society for the Pre
vention to Cruelty to Children In his
search.
FOr the ra.Pt two years things have not
been going as they should in the Howe
residence, and they became much worse
several months ago, when a stranger
vent to live with them. This stranger
exercised a hypnotic influence over Mrs.
Howe, "and finally they went off together
. without notifying the head of the house, j
"About ten months ago," said Mr. ]
■ Howe, "my wife surprised me by telling i
me that she did not have any more love i
fur me. This was in response to a pro
testation of mine against her open I
friendship with a man named W. V. j
Durbin, who was stopping at my house. I
' and who exercised a powerful influence
over my wife. At that time I left my
home for a f»-w days, and finally resolved
: to; take my place in the family. "so I wont
back and ordered this man out and for
bade his meeting my wife any more at
any time or place. I then tried to re- |
store domestic affairs as they were be- '
fore' this man crossed our path, but I
tu>on discovered that Mrs. Howe was so
much absorbed in meeting her friend ]
that she had no time or inclination to
look after our home. Finally I went
home one evening and found my house
deserted, my wife and youngest daugh
ter. Ella, having gone.
'.'For a time 1 supposed they were In
Pan Francisco, but I learned later that
she and the girl and Durbin had gone to
ban Jose, where they passed as cousins.
For some months I have not known of
their location or condition, though I have
frequently sent her letters through the
postofHce, imploring her to send my
daughter tack. Since they left San Jose
I have no trace of them. My purpose in
desiring to learn their whereabouts is to
protect my child, for I realize that it
la useles trying to win back my wife. I
have a good home and am perfectly able
to- support thorn, and believe that !t is !
absolutely Imperative that my girl should
be recovered and placed back with us,
and not remain in the company of my
wife and Durbln."
DARING DEED OF
YOUTHFUL ROBBERS
) Nov. S. — Oscar an.] Alexander Ourdlce were brought be.foro t
I Judge j Imentel at Haywarda this morning to answer to a charge of hay- '
• N In m the house of Charles Hauschllat. (
I, the boys went to Hauschildt's house *
They were reported as missing soon <
, ofT them with t^e robbery until later They had "*
htldt house, and some ("lays later they wrote <
i t0 Selea telling him they had been working and had' H
dim $10 as apn I (
I to a warrant charging the boys with the theft and they /
we ■ ■"•ought to Oakland last night This morn 3
ralgned and n ■ bonds ' mo "i-
, , J: , ! '" ys whlle the >' werfl "-way have frequently written to \
' fri ■ • lums of money, although he fa. that a t
m was kept BO quiet that no one knVw of it unUl the S
Both to Blame.
Kitty— Does the man marry the woman
woman marry th>- man?
Tom— Sometimes one way and some
usually the man and
the won blame for it."—
■ [pt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nearly fifty years
of constant and painstaking
endeavor has characterized
the out-put of John Wie-
land's Brewery.
In the beginning as
now there was no better.
To-day it stands the largest,
richest and best equipped
in modern and scientific
apparatus for making a pure,
wholesome beverage for
family use.
WieSands
Extra Pale
is the " Pasturized," bottled
product of that high stan-
dard. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Yeur grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
OAKLAND'S LATEST GAMBLING
DEN RUNNING FULL BLAST
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— The new
gambling establishment at 310
I I Broadway was opened with much
V - / success last night. After dark
the same crowd of young fellows,
ranging from 16 to 20 years, that al
ways patronizes such places wns or.
hand and Proprietor Girard took his
place at the center table, passed out
the gambling cards, and turned the
machine containing the balls just the
same as though he had not been
driven out of the basement at Eighth
and Broadway and later out of Kuck's
saloon on Twelfth street, and aa
though there wnre no law or jity or
dinance forbidding open and notorious
The garni who are running the
establishment are relying upon a very
transparent subterfuge to evade the
SKULL AND KEYS
HOLD THEIR RUNNING
Dramatic Society Candidates Put
Through Their Paces in the
Annual Initiation.
BERKELEY. Nov. S.-The annual out
door Initiation of new members in the
Skull nnd Keys, the college upper-class
dramatic society, took place to-day-in the
rain. Th- "running." us it Is called, was
held on the campus and occupied the en-
The "goat" which the initiates were
compelled to ride proved to be tin exceed
ingly fractious one, and the candidates
were forced to go through a ions round of.
ridiculous and amusing performances. In
dress coats and white duck; ana wearing
their clap? hats, the juniors and seniors
played marbles, spun tops and balanced
eggs on spoons with solemn gravity. In
the afternoon, in fantastic attire, the ini
tiates gave a circua ring performance in
the court of the Mechanics' building.
The new men which were taken into the
society and the fraternities to which they
belong are as follows. ■: - .
Delta Kappa Epsilori-rW. G. Schaw, L.
L. Greene Frank Xoyes, Stanley Moore.
Beta Theta Pi- Paul Selby, B. B. Marsh,
W. B. I-Sukewell.
Phi D<»lta Theta— J. R. Moulthrop, Rea
Hanna, J. M. Taft.
Kappa Alpha— J. R. "Whlppie.
Delta Upsilon— N. M. Moran.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon— J. B. Southard.
Sigma Nu— Hi Squires.
Chi Phi— W. 11. Cooper. C. A. Pringle.
Phi Gamma Delta— W. H. Orrick.
SWIFTWATER BILL'S
DREAM NOW OVER
OAKLAND. Nov. B.— A deed was placed
on record \ by which the elegant
kland, which was os
. ged two y.-ar? ago by Mr.
" has passed into other
hands. When Mr. Gates bought the prop
erty Hattle F.
Hehsnaw, and I f the non-pay
meni ' tperty
■■• >d. The
that Mr?. Henshaw
Carrie D.
that the dream of
in Oakland has en
tirely vunished.
Close of St. Francis' Fair.
OAKLAND. Nov. B.— The remaining
..f St. Francis de Sales fair will have
tares to attract, the public. This
I evening Borne of the best of Oakland tal
ent gave its services for a splendid con
cert. To-morrow c\« ning the ladies of the
refreshment booth will entertain, and or:
day night the ladies of the League
of the Cross have promised unlimited
nmuscm< :it for all who attend. The con
■■.■ • • Miss Madeline Conner und
- miners 1 letermim t
ling much attention,
.'ir.d both "f thr ladles arc being honored
With many vot
JUST IN FROM ANVIL CITY.
Miners Say There Is No Danger of
a Winter Famine There.
A party of lucky Alaskan miners from
Anvil City, in the famous- Cape Nome
district, arrived last night at the Palace.
They are: Mr. and Mrs. N. P. R. Hatch,
.1. R. Anderson, John Bf-yntesen, V. H.
Anderson, Miss F. Erlckson, M. Klys
burg, James E. Muller, J. Undberg and
Dr. Kittleson.
Dr. Kittleson, who is tho Recorder of
tne district, gives most slowing reports
Sun SP o U C t t8 t! ,' at U ***»?**» fnr'amnt
1 Short time. W P' * "' a com P^ivoly
Fi'iT h tL ( V^ lnßß .. are exceedingly rich,"
tit r nilUs in either dl
m Anvil City, besides extend"
u,u l ? land ;l!f '"R the rivers. Nearly
all the claims that have been worked
1 h ft Ve t.^ lOre than paid their owners for
the time and trouble expended on them,
an m m i! n rr V m .* more than a Quarter m i
a million of dollars* worth of dust has
been taken out of one place
"About all the people who intended do
ing bo have already come out of the eoun
>'. and there will be about 2000 people
who will winter in Anvil City alone. The
place is amply provisioned and the ar
rival .? f »£ ay £ ra } shiploads of coal will sup
ply all the fuel needed to get through the
winter. Of course, there will be consid
erable roughing it. The people there will
have to forego nearly all the comforts of
civilization, but there will be plenty of
good, coarse food, and I am confident
that there will be no tales of hardship
next spring, nothing such as those that
characterized the first winter In the vi
cinity of Dawson."
A PLEASING ENTERTAINMENT.
Successful Affair Given at the Church
of the Advent.
The congregation of the Church of the
Advent held their initial entertainment
last night in the spacious Sunday school
room of the church on Eleventh street,
near Market. The affair was both a so
cial find financial success. The following
programme was well received:
Miss Norlne Flahaven, piano solo; Miss Marie
Louisa Heppner and D. Tracy Berry, piano
and mandolin; Miss Bessie Savannah, reading,
(selected; Miss Lillian J. Wilson, contralto solo;
Georg-e BramhaU and Miss 1. Dexter, banjo
and piano selections; Frank Scully and Ben
Malaon, humorous sketch. A. E. Pinching, ac
companist: Mlm Marie Louise Heppner,
soprano boIo; F. ■ 11. sharp, ma time election;
Mr*. Viola C Marshall, recitation, selected; M.
1:. :.-, tenor iolo, boy tenor, late of "Hotel
Topsy Turvey" company; Professor Charles P.
Graeber'a mandolin, banjo and KUitar class of
100 members; "Th« California Volunteer," sung
by the author and composer, Professor James
Gulldea.
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1899.
/llameda <?oui?ty ffeu/5
law. No money Is seen at the tables,
and the otore is ostensibly a cigar
store. A little counter in one corner
with about a dozen cigar boxes on it
would teem to Justify the purpose for
which tne store is rented, but the man
who sells the cigars is also the banker
for the institution where the tickets
.-ire sold ar.d where they are redeemed.
With the exception of this little
evasion, the same old keno game is
conducted. It is no longer called keno,
however, because the law prohibits
r.uch a game, so the man at the
machine instructs the patrons to call
out "combo" instead of "keno," and
his nnlers are strictly obeyed. It was
running till nearly midnight and no
one made an effort to distill b the
game. There are about; ten tables In
the room and enough figured carets to
MONUMENT GLORIFYING
DEWEY'S GREAT VICTORY
T.uljd CMnquin!, an
Italian sculptor who
lives at -(-"'".' Maßon
street, has just com
pleted a model for a
Dewey monument.
In conception the
design Is particular
ly beautiful, combin
ing- a symbolic rep
resentation of the
great admiral's
crowning achieve
ment and the suc
cess of the United
States in naval war
faro.
The monument
which the model
represents would
have a In icrht of for
ty feet. Around the
base, where Dew< y'a
naval glory it; sym
bolized, there is the
bow of the Olympia,
Dewey well in the
foreground. Toward
midships . arises a
war mast, surmount
ed by a victorious
eagle. As a cornice,
toward the rifht, is
Old Glory, reaching
the Dewey head and
bust.
Clnqulni is not
well-known among
the local sculptors,
but he is an earnest
student and hat< giv
en much time and
labor to the prepara
tion of the design
and model of the
MARTHA WOOD WILL
KEEP THE CHILDREN
AWARDED THE CUSTODY OF THE
YOUNG MINORS.
A contest for the custody of Margaret
11. and Charles W. li. Young, children of
Charles J. and the late Emily \V. young,
occupied the attention of Judge Coffey
. at the end Martha Wood
was awarded letters of guardianship over
the persons and estates of the minors to
the exclusion of their father.
The children in the case, by right or
law, will succeed to a bequest of about
$10,000 made by the late Joseph M. Wood
to thi eased mother. Martha Wood,
the children's aunt, made application for
letters of guardianship, and after Betting
forth that the estates of the children
ed Immediate attention, alleged that,
their father during the past four years
bad contributed but $G toward their sup
port. The children are now and have fur
some time past been living with the
petitioner at 8648 Nineteenth street, in
this city, and owing to the fact that nhe
had cared for them. Martha Wood was
of the opinion that she should be granted
letters of guardianship. Young cam- Ini •
court and filed a general denial to the
rations of the petitioner and filed a
■ r application for letters of
guardianship. F-<m<- time was expended
In the examination of witnesses as to the
rights if the various parties, in interest,
and finally Judge Coffey ended a discus
sion thai promised to stretch itself over
several days by awarding the children to
ustody of their aunt. Young may
appeal the case to the Supreme Court.
NEEDLEWORK EXHIBITION.
A magnilirrnt exhibition of needlework
for the benefit of the Associated Charl
ties opens this morning at 10 o'clock In
the Maple room of the Palace Hotel. It
will close Saturday evening. The pat
ronesses are Mrs. Beverly MacMonagle,
Mrs. William H. Taylor, Mrs. Rob'-rt J.
Woods, Mrs. Hall McAllister, Mrs. Aus
tin C. Tubba ;ind Mrs. Joseph A. Dono
hoe. To-day and to-morrow the oxhibi
tlon hours will be from 10 a. m. to 6 p.
m. On Saturday, in addition, the doors
will be open from 7 o'clock till 10 o'clock
In the evening. Tea will be served In the
afternoon by Miss Taylor, Mis* Boss,
Miss Genevfeve Carolan, Mis? Crockett,
the Mis.sts Hopkins and Miss Mcßean.
There will be music on Saturday evening.
Among the loan exhibits will )>'• elab
orately worked tapestries, some fine
Of embroidery from Manila, church
ents, lai cs of every kind anrl of
great value, and rare Japanese embroid
eries, ancient and modern. 1-a.ce-makers
Will also lie at work each day, and the
spinning and carding "f yarn will be of
mii rest, as few now understand the use of
the old-fashioned spinning-wheel. All
sorts of needlework will be for salo, as
well, from dainty white work to the most
elaborate embroideries, and many fancy
articles suitable for Christmas gifts.
The Deerlleld Society 'of blue and white
needlework has sent some fine specimens
of its \v»'k- the first exhibit of the kind
made here. From Santa Barbara will
come the finest Spanish work and em
broideries, and there will be a largn
number of local contributors. A few
choice dolls will be well worth seeing.
The price of admission will be 25 cents.
POLITENESS PAYS.
George 11. GrifHng, naval paymaster,
who arrived on the government transport
St. Paul, gave the customs officials some
trouble yesterday by peremptorily, refus
ing to make a statement as to his dutiable
baggage. He gave the officials the im
pression that he was a favored personage
and they reported the matter to Deputy
Customs Surveyor .miiiiccy M. St. John.
Mr. St. John at once caused the baggage
to be seized and brought to the Apprais
er's store, where It will be passed upon in
the usual way, Griffin*? being obliged to
make the regular Custom-house entry.
It has been the practice of customs offi
cials to extend every courtesy to United
States officers and soldiers 90 that the
entry of their baggage may be expedited.
Gritfing, by refusin- to till out the blank
tendered him, will be put to considerable
trouble and expense.
allow fully 100 people to play at ence,
while the big clock on the wall shows
as usual how many people arj in the
game. The winner is given not money,
but a check, which he takes to the
counter and is supposed to negotiate
for nothing but cigars. But If he
should make any other deal with the
"cigar merchant" it is nobody'- busi
ness.
Chief Hodgkins, Sergeant McKlnley
and Officer Sherry descended on the
Joint shortly after 9 o'clock to-night,
when the game was in full blast, and
arrested the proprietors and about a
score of young fellows who were pfay
lng. The little notice on the wall,
"This game for cigars only." did not
deter the police from pulling down
the furniture and taking the whole
lav. jut and two wagon loads of pris
oners to the City Prison.
monument. The Idea
which he labored
to represent is the
glorification of Dew
ey, and he has
succeeded in this,
evolving at the same
time a graceful work
of art. The photo
graph reproduced in
the out makes the
monument self-ex
planatory. Cinquinl
is one of the first lo
cal sculptors In the
field to work out a
conception' apotheo
sizing Dew'ey.
Clnquini rirst be
gan work on the de
sign when subscrip
tions to the Dewey
monument fund were
being solicited by
the patriotic citizens
of San Francisco.
Many plans were
evolved, the best
elements of. which
were consolidated In
to the present dei
The model of the
monument not only
embraces the best of
Cinquini's ideas, but
is a genuine, simple
and artistic concep
tion of the salient
facts of the historic
al episode which has
made Admiral Dew
ey world famous.
The sculptor who
has designed the
above model, while
he is satisfied to
leave it. as it stands,
has some new ideas
In decorations which
he will work into
the model before
completion.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE
THE SUBJECT DISCUSSED
THE STATE ASSOCIATION IN AN
NUAL CONVENTION.
The Woman's Suffrage State Associa
tion resumed its annual convention yes
!n Golden Gate Hall, nn<l a large
gathering of ladies Interested in the work
uas present when Mrs. John F. Swift,
president of the organisation, called the
meeting to order. The session was de
voted to papers, all touching on the
movement, which were read by several
delegates.
Mrs. B. O. Smith, in her remarks, said
that the association had done some good
running', but had not yet won a nice. She
argued that, as there should be no taxa
tion without representation, therefore,
the women should be granted the right
df political equality.
Miss S. Severance of Pacific Grove
scored Governor Gage for having refused
t<> sitrn the school suffrage bill, and char
acterized the legal reasons which he gave
for not doing go as not borne out by the
constitution. Miss Severance showed
!.. rself possessed of an intimate knowl
>f the law on tho .sulijeet, and her
remarks were frequently punctuated with
applause.
Miss Mary G. Hay, the representative
Of the National Woman's. Suffrage Asso
ciation, Stated that full suffr..- -> was re
quired by the women of this nation. She
deprecated half-way measures, as they
did not help to bring about the linal ia
sue.
Mrs. William Keith said thru the States
that would not allow the women to vote
were not averse to collecting taxes from
th-- very ou.s who were disfranchised.
Hhe was followed by Miss Clara Si-hliiig
heyde, who spoke of the educational
boards that deprive teachers of their just
salaries and made expensive contracts in
order to pay off their political debts. She
declared that the only equality of power
that woman could possess lies In the bal
lot. Miss Solomons also read a paper
and Mrs. Swift announced that there
would be a reception in the parlors of the
hall next Monday morning at 10 o'clock
when all interested In woman's suffrage
are requested to attend.
In the evening Mrs. Carrie Chapman-
Catt delivered an address entitled, "A
Prophecy." In which she predicted the
Ultimate victory for her sex in the great
battle now being waged for equal suf
frage with man.
Resolutions presented by the committee
on resolutions, consisting of Mrs. m l
W. Curtis, chairman. Mrs. Ella Sargent
and Mrs. Anna K. Spere, were adopted
favoring the appointment of women on
the San Francisco School Hoard Hoard
of Health, State Insane asylums and
other institutions where women and chil
dren are cared for. Thanks were extend
ed to the press of this city and State for
its liberal attitude toward the movemnnt
for the political recognition and equality
of women. *
A petition will be Bent to the Senate
and House of Representatives to omit th<>
word "male" from the suffrage clause of
the new constitution to be proposed for
the annexed territories of Hawaii Cuba
Puerto Kleo and the Philippines' Con
press will also be requested to submit a
proposition to the several State Legisla
tures for a sixteenth amendment to the
constitution of the United States forbid
ding enfranchisement on account of sex
Testimonial to Little Claire Fex.
Tattle Claire Fex was tendered a testi
monial benefit last evening at Odd Fel
lows 1 Hail. The young miss, who ia
scarcely 10 years old. has displayed
marked ability m a specialty artist. She
li.is volunteered her services at many of
the society entertainments given In this
city, and the members of the orders she
li.ps utsiated in this way had charge of
the testimonial. The programme was as
follows: Btereoptlcon views, Edward a
Elsen; basso solo, Reginald K. Keene'
. Miss M. Davifl accompanist; solo, Miss
1 j;. W". Burns; humorous solo, \v* J
flynes; solo. Master Jack Robertson
j tenor solo, \V. J. O'Rrlen; fancy dance'
Miss Harriet Moynes; banjo, put tar an(i
', mandolin selections, Professor M. Ko-
I lander: recitation, Thomas Hlekey; solo,
I John J. Kavanaugh; specialties, Little
Claire Fex. Dancing followed.
Berkeley, Fruit vale
YOUNG SCORED
BY HIS LATEST
HOUSEKEEPER
Mrs. McCord Tells a
Few Secrets.
ROBERT S. YOUNG.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 8.
Robert S. Young, who locked his house
keeper up Monday night, is not yet out of
the woods. Mrs. Virginia McCord, the
victim of his remarkable method of get
ting rid of a housekeeper, has a very in
teresting story to tell. The month that
she lived at th<! Young house was a reve
lation to her, and now she has learned
that Mr. Young traded on her name as
his wife. She has several accounts in her
possession which have been mailed to
"Mrs. R. S. Young," and which Young
contracted without her knowledge or con
sent.
"I have a most unimpeachable reputa
tion," said Mrs. McCord this afternoon,
"and the only construction I can put upon
Young's conduct is that he was a lunatic.
He certainly suffers from monomania—
woman, for months I learn and have
proof that he has been advertising for an
eligible wife or housekeeper, frequently
mentioning the particular religious de
nomination which he prefers. !!• has even
made capital out of an alleged warm
friendship with Rev. Dr. it Dr.
Coyle assures me that he Is in no
a sponsor for Mr. Young, and knows noth
ing about him. My attorney has under
consideration the advisability of causing
Young's arrest, and there are several
charges, so 1 am Informed, that could be
brought against him. He has done me
the justice to say that I was a good
housekeeper and that my character is
above reproach, but after his unwar
ranted conduct last Monday night I
do not think he has any reason to ex
pect any particular leniency from me
When he answered my advertisement for
a situation the understanding was that
he was to keep a rooming house and I
was to take charge of it. But I found
afterward that it was not roomers
wanted. His animosity toward me was
doubtless Inspired by the fact that I pos
itively declined his many off-rs to go
buggy riding or to attend church with
him. and. further, he cannot tell the
truth and makes little effort to pay his
bills. As T said before, I think he is r.ot
responsible."
Mrs. McCord is the wife of a San Fran
cisco real estate mnn. who went to the
Klondike two years ago. Six months
later Mrs. McCord heard from him and
received some money from him. but since
that date nothing has been heard of him
and Mrs. McCord has been forced to earn
a living for herself and little boy. Before
this necessity came upon her she and her
husband lived in luxurious style at the
Sutherland in San Francisco.
"UNLOADED" GUN MAY
COST A CHILD'S LIFE
OAKLAND, Nov. 8. — George Ogg, who Is but nine years old, was shot in
the head this afternoon while looking at some revolvers in a hardware
store on Washington street. It Is almost impossible that he can recover.
Eddie Jacobs, who is 13; Lyle Bowen, aged 15, and little Ogg went
into Maxwell's store to buy a revolver. The clerk showed them some, and
Jacobs, who was to be the purchaser, tried the trigger of one, not knowing
that it was loaded. Instantly there was a report and Ogg fell to the floor with
the bullet in his head.
Prs. Mehrmann, Cunningham and Strntton examined the lad's head at the
Receiving Hospital, but could not find the bullet. At a depth of four inches into
th.^ brain nothing could be located, and the doctors ceased probing, stating
that if it were deeper it would be almost impossible to recover it. It is prob
able that the bullet is resting on the Inside of the back of the skull, having
passed clear through the brain.
The boy is perfectly conscious and talks quite clearly of the accident,
but the doctors do not hold out one chance in a thousand for his recovery.
The clerk in the hardware store says he had no idea that the revolver was
loaded.
t^sg) "mTTITYT We have a new P rocess
i^^S^^^ l\l NVV for making Concentrated t|M lo>
811/F^&%m*k X^i AmA T ¥ Soluble Cocoa, and we take i^*i\s\
——*——*—* pleasure in informing an |^\l\
appreciative public that our new brand— B\\\
_£ is a decided improvement over the best im- Vg \\
!l ported Dutch cocoas. B^fe !|
- ; Price: H lb. 30c; 1 !b. 6oc. MB l\
Sll^wa D. GMIRARDELL! COMPANY, MB])]
. \ SAN FRANCISCO. >y/3NZ^
PIONEER DURR
DIES IN WANT
AT KAYWARDS
Once a Millionaire of
This State.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 8.
J. Durr, at one time one of the wealth- j
lest men of San Francisco, died in
poverty at a little cabin near Haywards
this morning. Forty years ago Durr w;is
a millionaire and ono of San ifrancisco's
most sbccessful merchant kings. The
firm of Kennedy & Durr, of which he
was for a long time a partner, did one
of tlie largest dry goods businesses In the
metropolis, and the profits wire com
mensurate with the business transacted.
Several years hk y " Durr's domi
troubles proved thi- beginning 01 his un
doing. In addition to this, he made sev
eral very bad speculations, arid from ne
ing one of the men most prominent in the
public eye he suddenly dropped com
pletely out of sight for a number of
years.
About a year ago the people of San
Francisco were horrified to learn fiat
Durr and his three educated daughters
were starving ■ in a hovel In nn
Obscure pan of the city. Reared
in luxury nnd accustomed t" all I
the accommodation and pleasure that I
money could purchase, the Durrs
were even utterly helpless to help them
selves when dire misfortune came upon
them. They were discovered by accident,
and what was more sorrowful -han the
discovery ol their poverty was the fact
that their fearful trials ■■•■•■■■ l deprivations
had affected their r< a
All of the Durrs were of a proud and
haughty disposition, and wen
(ii that .--toicisni which compels suffering
rather than an acknowledgment 01
poverty. AH were to m:ik*'
known to their friends of wealthy days
the fact that eeven bread could nol be
obtained ii sufficient quantities to ratisfy
hunger.
Alter f ho revelation of the Durrs' con
dition in Ban Francisco they roel with
Home assistance, but tluir proud spirit
Impelled them to leave tha big city where
they were known and to seek scclus'on
in the cabin near Haywards. For several
months they have Just managed to sub
sist mostly because "f the kindness of
their neighbors, but partly by the .-mall
amount earned by one of the nirls, who
peddles small articles of clothing in Eden
Township. The three girls, . h hough
weakened mentally by their trials, were
not In such condition as to make them
propi r subjects tor State care so the
family has dragged out an existence near
the foothills.
For several days tho father, /ho was
about 70 years of age, ha«l been seriously
ill, but n ntf >t until this morning, when his
death was announced, did any at the
Neighbors know that his sickness was
more than a temporary ailment.
Unl< ss some friend shall have com? to
the family's immediate relief, the county
of Alameda will be charged with the
burial of the once wealthy pioneer mer
chant.
TALKING TO HERSELF
SCARED OFF BURGLARS
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— Burglars are hold
ing a carnival in the annex district, but
are not meeting with much success. Last
night the presence <>!' mind of Mrs. V. R.
Smith saved her house from being ran
sacked. iler husband is a conductor on
the streetcar line and was away at. work.
Mrs. Smith heard the burglars enter the
house, being in the kitchen at the time.
When the thieves got into the dining
room Mrs. Smith began talking as
-■ h her husband was at home. ''I
wish you would light the light in the
dining-room," she said. At this the bur
glars became alarmed and fled without
waiting lo finish their search for valu
ables.
Christian Endeavor Convention.
ALAMEDA, Nov. B.— The Alameda
County Christian Endeavor Union will
hold ;i convention in the First l'rpsbyte
rian Church of this city next Friday
afternoon and evening. An excellent pro
gramme has been arranged, including ad
dresses by B( veral of the most prominent
workers and speakers connected with the
■ ty. An address of welcome will be
delivered by Rev. Frank S. Brush, pastor
of the First Presbyterian church.
Somehow it doesn't case the pain of fail
ure to reach it through the advice of a
friend.
ADVERTISEMJfiNTSL
SICK HEADACHE
• .Positively cored by these
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
' Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. .
Small Fill* Small Dose.
. Small P?2ce»
I Will Bive r 91000
-gg^Cf^RS^^ If I fail to cure any
&§&^s£^s^\ CANCER or tumorl
ffiw*^M%oi : MC'i>~^ treat before H scat-
Wqs ters or affects the
V? «9^B hones.
jt(\ * J^S II Until C*urco#
/fi^^|»^s;i, p*s 2^ years' espcri-
| h *^^*??ijSk / ence. 1600 cancers
\ xSS§ // now in my offices in
\ d I alcohol. I,adyattend-
*t/*5& 1 nut. Any hard
J/BS&^ZZZ!'** / x*^. lump anywhere
Pl^^lWifr^BA n y lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure i* almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE . , ,
. With symptoms, addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S.R. CHAHLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND THIS to some on« WITH CANCER.
d visit DR, JORDAN'S great 4
Skoseuh of ANATOMY^
A Ch ICEIMABKTCM>«t. 60147 th, D.r.Csi. 3
X "^T The Largest Anatomical Museum in the T
' j^^^^J rii-.;i ,c pr^ilivrly cured hy th; oldest f
0 13& I Specialist en i;:: Coast list. 36 years- 9
A #fs|:l OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES^
\ 9{ B )■ Consultation free and strirtly private \
A X J^^Jrf Trt itment personally or by letter. A A
\IJ* *S 3 fo * Mva Cure in every case undertaken. \
Ajlif IP Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY cf A
VI !I II T "** ** i E» MAILED FREE. >.l ¥
A 9 j£i' valuable book for mraj . \
" 08. JOBDAN A «'«>., 1051 Market St., S. F. f
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Steamers leave Broadway
3?S>!*h^ wharf, San Francisco:
■.*v-^ ;7 'Sv For Alaskan ports. 10 a.
; W^S^5S, m.. Nov. 2, 7, 12. 17. 22 27 -
-' FfffilP ec - •• cJlnn£ ?^ at Seattle.
I fISSx^N >Al or Victoria, Vancouver
, HhS^^M (B. C). Port Townsend. Se-
r^*^E^'v\ attle, Tacoma. Everett. An-
acort°s and New Whateem
(Wash.). 10 a. m., Nov. 2, 7.
12. 17. 22, 27: Dec. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. •
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Nov.
5, 10. 15. 20. 25, 30; Dec. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
I Cayucos, Port Hnrford (San Luis Oblspo).
! Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
i San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) arid
Newport 9 a. m.. Nov. 4. 8. 12. 18. 20. 24, 28;
Dec * and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondn (Los Angeles), 11 a
m Nov. 2. 6. 10 14, IS. 22, 26. 30; Deo. 4, and
even* fourth day thereafter. -
For Ensrnada. Majrdalena Bay, Pan Jose lei
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m For further Information obtain company's
°The' company reserves the rlprht to Changs
! without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
i aT lICKKT f OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hntel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A«rtfl.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 8, Fl. h H, CO*
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ppear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
fine $12 First Class Including Berth
IAIIC 88 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Nov. 9, 19, 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4 14, 24
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
I Helena and all points In the Northwest.
i Through tickets to all points East.
8 E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS &g^ ndent9
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
' From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
j St. Paul ..Nov. Sf St. Louis Dec. IS
I St. Louis ......Nov. 22 1 St. Paul Dec. 27
St. Paul Dec. 6 New York, Jan. I
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
| From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
I FrJesland Nov. H Kensington ....Nov. 29
Fouthwark Nov. ID Noordland Dec. 8
Westernland ...Nov. 22 Frlesland Dec. 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery at., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Bra-nan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Falling.
NIPPON-MA Saturday. Nov. 25
AMERICA-MARU Thursday, Dec. 21
HONGKONG-MARU Tuesday. Jan. 18
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market street, corner FlrFt.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TBANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ..^.^
Palling every Thursday Instead of <<?>¥?>>
Saturday, from November 8. 1899. at ?****■'*<*■■
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot ot
Morton et. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21: LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28: LA TOURAINE. Not.
I: LA CHAMPAGNE. Not. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 21; LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 80: LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7,
First-class to Havre. *60 and upward: 5 p«?r
«nt reduction on round trio. Second-class to
Havre. 145: 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson bulld-
Inr). New Tor*. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
clflo Coast Agents, i Montgomery ava.. Saa
PimnclMO.
ftrfJDHttnA The s - S. Australia
iiimii " lls fnr Honolulu
!•&«■■■'• Wednesday. Nov. 15.
m »^ at 2 p. m.
, /*T^ > V 6. S. Alameda sails
TMfnvlinJ v!a Honolulu and
llWIIOI!lj/ c ' Auckland for Sydney
(^rnmh/i Wednesday. Nov. 29.
<U||ir!(i|Utf~ at „ p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suei.
England, etc.; 1610 first class. ■
) D SMECKELS & IiROS.CO.. Ants., '14 Montgomery
p.ar y r»«> p^ r;^- «t r--;^'^ - -*•>-. »■.-■ .. r,
BAY AND B.IVER STEAMEUS.
'^fo^JTsTnavy^yard and vallejq.~
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, Ip. m. and S:30: Sundays, 16 M a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE 60C
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALIi.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
•until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ii 27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800- Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
BS9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2_r,i Market street, corner Sixteenth; openi
until !' p. m.
I"6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-«
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A- ■
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. Nov. 9, at 7:30 o'clock. J^X
Third degree. By order of the Master. / ri'
. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— ■
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at S o'clock. '-■■•■ Master )K_r\
decree. By order of the H. P. *~ '
JNO. R. ■ MAN. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M ft
121 Eddy St.. meets THIS EVENING. — *%»
7:30 o'clock. 2 D. /_r\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sep. /^r >
DORIC Locice No. 216. F. and A. M.— _,
Called 'meeting THIS (THURSDAY) ~g\-
EVENING, at 7:80 o'clock Second de- j£2\
grec. Sojourning brethren are Invited /Tr *
By order of the W. M. „
* .1. 11. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. -i_feSi_i'
F., will Initiate THIS EVENING. -~^Z^^pi.
November », I*9B. Visitors cor- -~r>73*{g^-
dlally Invited. . -1 '' .
F L TCRPIN. Noble Grand.
FRANK P. ASH WORTH. Rec j Sec.
THE 8 F. Scottish Thistle Club A <jf >v
meets 'THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- -3^ UV/J
ING, Fmt«rnlty Hall, 32 O'Farrell T___yt^
■St., at i o'clock. Business; nor- mj m- f^
inatlon of officers to nerve tor ensuing term. •
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
OEO. W. PATERSON. Recorder.
ANNUAL meeting— Regular annual meeting: of
tho stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, will be heid at the oLnce of the com-
pany No. K7 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.,
on "MONDAY, the 20th day of November,
1?99, at fha hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a brard of directors to
perve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come
1. in the meetir.R. Transfer books will close ;
on Tuesday, November 14. ISO 3. at 3 o'clock
P. m. E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL, meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. No. "i*7 Market St., San Franc
Cal. on MONDAY, tho 20th day of Novem-
ber, 1899, at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the. :
purpose of electing a board of directors to 1
serve for the er.euins year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer boo&s will clo«e
on Tuesday, November 14. IS?9. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the California Wine Makers' Corpora-
tion will be held In the ApspinbJy Hall of the
Mills building. Pan Francisco, p.t 11 a. m..
WEDNESDAY. November 18, 1899. California
Wine Makers' Corporation.
3y W. J. HOTCHKXSS, Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting* A special meeting of the
stockholders of the OCCIDENTAL BEET
SUGAR COMPANY Will be held at the office
of the company. 327 Market st. in the City
and County of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, en SATURDAY, the ISth day of No-
vember, 1899, at 1! o'clock a. _ for the pur-
pose of considering a proposition to disin-
corporate the company.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle building: no advance charges^ all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages. collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate-
fees; call or write^
ADVICE fr'-e: divorce law a specialty-; private; j
no fee without success; collections. G. W. !
HOWE, atty at law, S3O Market, cor. Stocktn. j
NOAH F. FLOOD. I'3j Market st., PP. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis building. 927 j
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance. j
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. opp. Mason. 1
BICYCLE KKPAIRS.
THOS. H. B. VARNET, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
_?)?>?" 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50
week up. with board $5 50; suit for two with
board. J!2: beard, $4 week; meals, 25c: ele- |
vator runs all night.
A NEW family hotel, 807 California st. occu-
pylr.K corner opposite Grace Church.
LAS PALM AS, 1820 Market— Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s ; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
O'FARRELL, Nice large front room with
board, suitable for two gents.
"BELGP.AVIA," Polk and Clay— Sur.ny suites;
bofct board; for 2. $45 up; single. $20.
O'FARRF.LL, 742— Large Eunny front rooms;
gpo.l home co^klrg; also single rooms. ?20 up.
BOARDING for CHILDREN.
XiADY will board one or two f=chool children;
good home.. Inquire 801 Ellis st.
BEFTNED, experienced nurse has a comfort-
able homo for children. 631 A Castro St.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS ight and exchanged.
Holmes Bonk Co.. 7f>4 Mission st. . near Third.
BOOTS AND SHOKS.
CHILDREN'S shoes, 60c; boys' coin lace shoes,
SSc; ladies' shoes, $1' up; men's dress shoes,
$1 25; send for price list. People's Shoe Store,
3303 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s6oo— BO All I : G-HOUSE with 11 finely fur-
nished rooms; rent. $35; first-class paying;
widow is compelled to sacrifice. Particulars I
K. G. WILKK. 908 Market St.
A— s3so; SALOON close to Wells-Fargo bldg.; :
doing a good paying business; low rent; value
for your money. Call It. G. WILKE, 905
Market st. j
— $9bO; MILLINERY store across the bay; fine |
stock and good trade, with lease; rent $10; 2 ;
living rooms; sickness cause of sale. R. G. !
WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— slooo— SALOON in wholesale district; establ. i
years and doing a good paying business; no ;
night or Sunday work; rent $60. Call K. G.
WILKE. 9C6 Market st
BRANCH bakery and stationery; Western
Addition, close to schoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms Included; sickness of owner causa
of Bale; bargain. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
DAY saloon, established years; daily receipts j
about $C 0; a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom- a chance of a lifetime; investigate at
once. R. O. WILKE, »06 Market 1 1.
SALOON; e_tab, SO yrs. ; Grant aye., nr.
Sutter; splendidly paying; large place to open
dancehall. Cull R. G. WILKE. »06 Market. j
$050— CREAMERY and delicacy business; fine |
store on principal street; large transient and 1
regular trade; low rent; investigate. M.
LESS. 788 Market st.
•SI2S— FRUIT and vegetable store; best part of
city; full value In eight; business speaks for
Itself; a snap. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$1800— FURNITURE, carpet, stove; central; beat
part city: nothing better: value In stock; im- |
" menie trade; trial. M. LESS, 76S Market st.
$350— PARTNER wanted In commission busi-
ness estab. many years: good business: must !
be sober, steady man. M. LESS, 765 Market. •
JIOO— PARTNER to take retiring partner's place :
In paying saloon. ALFA CO., 955 Market st.
$100— PARTNER wanted In light genteel busi-
ness, easily learned. ALFA CO., 936 Market.
PARTNER wanted to buy and run first-class
restaurant. ALFA CO.. 9SE Market st.
TOUNG man wants partnership In some legiti-
mate, paying business. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
HOTEL for sale, exchange or lease; 30
furnished rooms, bar and bowline alley, in
heart of adjacent city. ALFA CO., 535 Mrkt.
GROCERY: good location; fine stock; must be
sold this day. COWING & CO., MS Market :
$150 TAKES grocery and bar; sickness cause I
eala; bargain. COWING A CO.. 835 Market.
$C 5 TAKES notion, candy and toy store; sick-
new cause sale. COWING ft CO., m Market
A— CIGAR store; centrally located; bargain;
cause, sickness. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
A— sl7so— DRAYING, exp. and transfer bus.; no
competition; best town on coast; clears $200
monthly. KREDO & CO., S2H Geary st.
TO Hotel GO rooms; saloon, billiard and
dining-room; near boat landing; town of 2600;
$1000 will start you. Kredo & Co., 22V4 Geary.
WOOD and coal yard: bargain; this day.
Mclaughlin & CO., 777*4 Market st
$150— PARTNER wanted; light indoor business.
Mclaughlin & CO., 777% Market st
»*}O— RESTAURANT: good paying business.
Mclaughlin & do., 777% Market st.
$300— BUTCHER shop; corner; good loca-
tion; trade $20 to $30 per da>-; everything new
and completet. CITY BUSINESS EX-
HANCIfi, 1032 Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
WILL pay from $300 to $500 for a well-fitted
and paying cigar stand; leave particulars
with agents. SCHOTTLER & CO.. 632 Market.
BUSINESS opportunity wonted: either whole or
half chare; mfg. or store business preferred,
will invest between $200 and $."-00. Leave par-
ticulars with SCHOTTLER & CO.. 632 Mrkt.
HOTEL, 60 rooms; richly furnished; good
will; splendid business; grand location. E. „
BUNCE, 90S Broadway. Oakland. |
BARBERS— 2-chair shop, $55; bar-
gain; worth Investigating; sickness cause. In-
quire 1059 Folsom St.
J3MALL restaurant and branch bakery; est. 18
yrs. ; for sale account sickness. 11*1 Howard.
PARTNER wanted in a produce business. Call
•4 p. m., 1120 Harrison st.
HALF-INTEREST of Brooklyn Hotel barber
shop for sal*. 210 Bush St.
MAN with small capital wonts business of
some kind. Box 2949, Call office.
FOR sale— Blacksmith shop; cause of selling,
death of owner. Apply at 22 Cortland aye.
J4SOO— LOT 100x100: corner Pan Leandro road
and Rose St., near Fruitvale: on electric car
line; new building; 7 living rooms; large
etore and saloon: elegant grounds; stable and 1
warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; finest road- ]
Fide resort In Alameda County; selling on \
account of sickness; $2500 down; balance easy
terms. Apply to owner on premises, C. |
OLTNDT. San Leandro road, also Call ;
Branch. Oakland; San Leandro electric car !
passes door.
FOR tale at sacrifice; retiring from business:
wholesale and retail store, established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
separate; long lease If desired. GEO. MON-
NIER, 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$1000— PARTNER wanted a* cashier and to at-
tend to cigar store: 8 hours' work a day; $20
guaranteed first week; no agents wanted; call |
in person. 1206 Market St.; barber shop.
LONG-ESTABLISHED central delicacy stores
low rent: $175 monthly profit. Call at once
on MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.
FOR sale — Saloon, restaurant and lodging-
house. 746 Fourth St., corner Berry.
$60')— BRANCH bakery; dairy produce for Bale.
Address box 282t Call ofnee.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; receipts $20
to $20 per day; sickness cause for selling.
Box 2962. Call office.
$'.'25 — FOR sale, the Golden West chop and oys-
ter house: apply bet 10 and 12. 105 Fourth st
RESTAURANT; good place for man and wife;
bargain. 415 Stockton st., near Bush.
CIGAR store for sale; desirable location; new
stock and fixtures. 601 California st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant In center of the town
for Bale: cheap. Box 2904. Call office.
A CHANCE of a lifetime: a partner with $500
in a restaurant. Box 925, Call office.
FOURTH. 303 — A 20-room house well furnished;
good p.-vying house; good location.
FINE grocery and bar for Bale. 1601 Devlsa- |
dero st. j
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
25 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
Powell st.
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms; 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. Box 247, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ets. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores: rockaway. S2S Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom Ft.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40. i
CITY Steam Carpet beating Works. Q. H. 1
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 Bth St.: tel. South 250. j
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co., j
453 Stevenson st. ; teL South 22«; lowest rates, j
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st- ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'B Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East T2<vt •
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sura
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM> >* .II CALIS.M.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
bidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells ;
your entire life, past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1
205 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant:
fitting*, SI: diagnosis free; "new method'
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
falls: satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1:30 to 5
p. ro.. 7-10 p. m.; L.. 25c; G.. 50c. 6124 Eddy.
MME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters. » Hayes st. room 7, second floor
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
PROF. GEE medium, Fees and tells every-
thing; 50c, $1: circle nightly, 25c 10*5 Market.
MMF YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 605 McAllister; 10c: come, skeptics.
MRS. BURSH, 245 Fourth st Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices rea.«onble.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slatewriter.
830 Ellis St.; seance Scottish Hall, Sun. night.
ARRIVED— Haley; reads life, cradle
to grave, 50c, $1. 29 Turk St., parlors 2:, and 26.
GYPSY life render; satisfaction guaranteed;
2'c; correct answers to all questions. 6 7th st.
MRS. C. J. METER, 835 McAllister; readings;
tests dally, 10c; dr., Mon., Frl., 25c, 2. 8 p. m.
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. Be; ladies. 814 O'Farrell st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212 Ms Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads lite fluently: business
advice: names riven; Be up. 5 Fourth Bt.
. — ~~~* — — — — — — — - — — — — — — — — —
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College. 1422 Folsom":
free medical and surg. treatment: !> to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less Furcfssful. SIP. M.irket st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
0-P.OOM rear CO*— ge. 1 Larkln place, off Lar-
' kin St.. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
: COTTAGE 4 rooms, yard, $10. Key 632 Second
St., near Brannan.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and yard; rent $8. 1021%
Lombard st., near Hyde.
I REAR cottage; 3 rooms and bath; $8. 610 Can-
! tro st.
3 SUNNY rooms and basement; rent $11. 360S
Twenty-sixth St.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS" dental parlors, 927
Market st, over Cafe 2>inkand— extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 B0 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Bynol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than" rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-*
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, U 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
■.peclaity; all work reasonable; __ given.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1899.
DENTISTS.
AV^hTI__icTRC^X)ENTAL CLINIC, 803 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rra. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; pold crowns,
$3 DO up: plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR GEORCIE W LEEK, 16 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fllls teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received J first
prizes; no Ftudente; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the beat work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless:
teeth without plates a epecialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee in years; lowest prices; 16
operators; no students. 997 Market st
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
MEYER— Deutscher Zfcihnarzt, « Turk; lst-<~!ass
work; prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. R graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. JBO.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. DentlstK. P<S7 Mls*'"n. cor. Sth.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
a V Dressmaking, _idles' Tailoring^ parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 \ an Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, "87 Geary: dresses
made J5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: a" kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking 1 . 121 Post. over O'Connor A Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR and~MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
frcm their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods In all branches; the
only school In the city having the right to
ÜBe the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship 550; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
•:r_ courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi- j
new 8C Lge catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
Birea more pupils; lessons personally and by
mail. 502 Montgomery at.
ALL student* but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. __
Chool, dvll, electrical, mining.
mech Burvey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
864. VAN* PER NAILLEN. 9r.3 Market.
\TE lessons: English branches; coachlnsr.
telegraphing; 3 to 6 or 7 to t p. m. Box 2407,
. .rflce.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy of Languages, S2O Post; ablest prQfs.
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'B Busi-
ness College 3 Larkin Bt^, opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing:
day and night: terms l-.w 1"?4 Mission, nr. 6th. ;
EMPLOY MI. XT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Mb in 1986.
ORPIIEI'M Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 668 Clay st.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information Bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1986.
CHINESE . »c Employment Office;
help. 41-r-j O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Bmp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St. ; tel. Grant 5«.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush St.; best Chinese help fur-
nl«=h«d promptly. Telephone Red \~>?,\.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
as housekeeper; city or country;
best ref. MIFS H. CUL—INAN, 323 Butter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a sltua-
also a first-class Swedish cook; best
ref.; city or country. MISS H. CULLJNAN,
323 Sutter st. ; phone Main 651.
NEAT young girl desires a sltudtlon as nurse
girl or will assist in housework. MISS H.
C'VLLINAN. 323 Batter et :
THREE first-class German cooks desire situa-
tions; also a (icraaJi second girl. J. F. CRO-
BETT it CO.. :«6 Sutter eU
: • Italian lady and daughter,
idng English, of correct nianners and
ta, wish employment as companion to !
lady or children or chambermaids. Address
box 1301, Call.
TWO German cirls wtsh situations to do gen-
eral housework or upstairs work. Pieaee oall
13 Lucky aye., near Folsom St., between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth sts.
COMPETENT person wishes situation at gen-
eral I In snuLll family; Is a good
cook; will do a small wash; reference; wages
$ir.. Box 24.1:!. call.
V.oman of good habits, a good i
cook, want! situation In small family; no ]
washing; or as housekeeper; good references.
Call ' • Bt
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes situation to
do cooking or ren<;ral housework; ranch pre-
ferred; wages $23. Box 2410, Call office.
W< 'MAN wishes general housework and cook-
Ing In American family. Address 600 Wil-
low aye.
WANTED, by a G-rman girl, a situation as
Cook and general housework. Address 8 Clay
Ft., near East.
MIDDLE AGED lady wishes situation; first-
class, cook tuid thorough housekeeper. Call
Minna et.
YOUNG German uirl as nurse; will do plain
sewing; willing and obliging. Box 2402, Call.
RELIABLE lady cook wishes situation In pri-
vate family. Address 31 Oak St.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like a few en-
gagements by the day. $1 50; work done at
home if desired: perfect nt guaranteed. Ad-
dress 421 Hyde Bt.
RELIABLE American' Protestant woman
wishes situation In American family; good
cook and laundress; city reference. Addreea
Cook, 2306 Fulton st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do general housework; wages $12. 49 Ivy aye.,
i upstairs.
YOUNG woman, with a boy 4 yean old.
wants Bltuation as working housekeeper; city j
or country. Apply 219 Natoma st.. In rear.
GERMAN wishes position as laundress; good
lroner. Address f.22 Stockton st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do house-
work. Address 233 Fourth St.. between How-
ard and Folsom.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
! WINCHESTER House 44 Third St.. near Mar-
k»t: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 R0 night: $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the.
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ?t?. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for ("all advertlsem»nts and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
l^ncin st.
B_F_OrM_NT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED — A steady Job by a steady man as
caretaker or janitor on small property: a
good painter and paperhanger; can do Jobbing
carpentering and plumbing; has his own tools.
Address H. \V §_, Frultvale.
YOUNG man, Spanish, would like a situation
In hotel, office or family where he can learn
English language; $10. with room and board.
Address box 1304, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN. 31 years old. with best of
reference, wants work on private place or
small farm, where he could have good home.
Address box MO6. Call.
GERMAN grocery clerk wants employment;
could pick up route; knows Btreets well; good
experl'-nre in this city; good driver. Box 2411,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber would like to manage
or work In first-class shop. Address box
24110. Call.
JAPANESE honest schoolboy wants place;
I work as cook or waiter in small family; has
j good references. SADA. 1010 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS bartender desires position; best
of references. Address box 2406. Call.
BARBER, 2 years' experience, wants steady
Jr b. Box 2908. Call office.
WANTED Inside work of any kind by young
man: BO Bight work. Address H. X.. 149 3d.
CARPENTER wants work. Apply box 2830,
Call office.
RELIABLE, sober man wants situation as
coachman or man about place; understands
care of all domestic animals and fowls; good
gardener and driver; good references. Ad-
dress J. W., 417 Powell st.
WANTED— Work by young man at window and
house cleaning by the day; carpets cleaned
HENRY ANDERSEN, 962 Bush St., telephone
East 963.
YOUNG man, 24. seeks situation; can look after
horsee if necessary. G. CLARKE, 673 Har-
rison Et.
YOUNG man wishes position as bootblack; bar-
ber shop preferred. 1332 Dupont su J
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
TO fruitgrowers — A sober single man, with
good references, large experiences, good
pruner and steady worker, who knows every
disease of trees and the remedy for It, would
like a steady responsible position at reason-
able compensation. Kindly address E. G. 0..
221 Second st.
AN Al bookkeeper wants permanent position;
quick, accurate and competent to take full
charge of office; flr-tit-class city references;
Address ACCOUNTANT Cosmopolitan Hotel,
cor. Fifth and Mission sts.
A — A — $50 OFFERED by competent accountant
and salesman for information leading to per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
desires position as porter in wholeaal* house
or More; understands the care of horses and
is handy with tools. Box 2870, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as drum-
mer or collector; is very well acquainted in
city and can give good references. Address
box 2960. Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
small ranch; understands fruit, general farm-
Ing, poultry and vegetable raising; references.
Addre.ee box 2977, Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman, stenographer and
typewriter, wishes situation; can furnish ma-
chine; best of references. Address box 2980,
Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, repularly employed, wants ex-
tra work; corporation work a specialty. Box
941. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANf'H offlc. for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwp^t corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky *ts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencta et.
EXCHANGE.
$6<K»O— FOR cnle or exchange; irood city income
business property: will take flats or cottage
in the Minion. Mclaughlin & co., 777^
Market st.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 Vi Markpt st., P.m Francisco; exam. free.
PLATS TO LET.
BAY window, 8 rooms and yard; basement. 19
Hampton place, off Folsom. near Third.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLATS— Just completed; modem 6 and 7 rooms;
yard; basement. 1933 O'Farrell st.
HARRISON, 1170— Bunny upper flat 4 rqom;
rent $10.
HOWARD, 2726—527 80; furnished flat; 6 rooms;
piano. •
MCALLISTER, .112?— Urp f T flat. 7 rooms, with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
MIDDLE flat 4 rooms and bath; rent $14. 6
Dearborn St., off Seventeeth, nr Valencia.
NE. COR. Nineteenth and Noe sts.— Lovely
sunny upper modern 5-rooni flat; porch and
storeroom; $16; water free.
PINE, 1836. near O'Farrell— Sunny upper flat 6
rooms; bath; rent $12.
RENT $15: hr;;se of 8 rooms, yard and view.
1021 Lombard st.
BUNNY flat of 6 rooms and bath. 1412 Califor-
nia St., near Hyde.
BUNNY new style flat, 7 rooms and bath; mid-
dle flat. 736 Fourteenth st.
BUNNT bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and second flnom. 417>-4 Third.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
GROVE, SIS. near Flllmor* Handsome sunny
flat, 6 rooms, furnished or unfurnished; stable
if desired: references.
PI KM H RE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads; all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 80x60 inrh rugs,
$1. Fast^rn Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evening.
NEWLY and well furnished fiat: 7 rooms; park
location. Address box 913, Call.
635 PAGE St.— For sale, elegant furniture of
8 rooms: flat for rent.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furnltur- Pp.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE! WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 MisslorTTtT pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED — $5000 carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid: postal. M. Silv»rsteln, 1121 Market.
FURRIKRS, FURS. KTC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30 ROHT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top fIoQT
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
sion to a selected numbT of high-grade
agents. We want the bewt men and women
to be had; those of experience and who can
be relied upon for faithful work; persistent
and energetic, of good address and with
"gumption" and the tact to secure what they
attempt. R*tlr«d ministers, school teachers,
or those seeking outdoor life, make good
agents; regular salary and a commission on
each order to the competent man or woman.
Call at agents' department, J. C. MURPHY,
2a Chronicle building. Sun Francisco, Col.,
apent for the f'urtis Publishing Company of
Philadelphia. Pa.
MT"N' able to handle territory to call room 30,
Esmond, corner 6th and Mission, between !>
ancl 4; latest patented and manufactured In-
vention to shift window shades.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields in the Philippines; 46x64 inches in six
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army < orpa. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First st., San Franc leco.
AGENTS wanted— Coke Dandruff. Cure and
oth*-r Eastern specialties. P. C. M. A.. 76
Flood bide., after 4 p. m.
HELP W A XTED- FEMALE.
GERMAN cr Scandinavian woman to cook;
small, plain country hotel] $:'-">; fare paid.
MURRAY & READY, 634-036 Clay St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
WANTED TO-DAY
i waitresses, same first-class country hotel.
$20 and free fare; 1 waitress, first-class coun-
try hotel, steady year around. $20 and free
fare; waitress hotel Tuolumn* County, $20,
free fare; waitress, Santa Cruz County, $20;
waitress. Placer County, $?0; 2 institution
cooks, $30 and $25: shaker-out, manglers,
lroners, hotel laundry: girls for housework,
city and country, $25. $20 and $15. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED-Germon or Scandinavian cook, $25,
no wash: cook for orphan children. $25;
wattrrs. country hotel, $20; governess, teach
music. $20; 2 second girls, $25; German sec-
ond girl. $25; Scandinavian second girl, $20;
neat Scandinavian girl for housework, $25; 2
nurses, $20; German nurse. $25; a number of
rlrls for housework for country places. $20
and $25; also for city. $20 and $25. J. F.
CROSEIT & CO., 316 Sutter 6t.
COOK, San Mateo, $30. see party here 2 o'clock;
waitress country, $20; housekeeper, AJameda,
$15; Beyond girl, $20: houseglrl, 2 in family,
$25; cook, $25; second girl. $15: 25 houseßlns.
city and country; colored girl, $20. MRS NOR-
ton. 313 Sutter «t.
POSITION In dental office for lady; wages $10
per month; hours from 8 until 5; age 16 to
22; must write pood. Inquire S p. m. Thurs-
day at 20 O'Farrell St., room 2.
GERMAN or Swedish girl wanted to do general
housework: must be good cook; good wages:
small family. Call between 10 and 2 o'clock
or evening, 1412 Geary st., near Octavia.
LADY wanted to assist in light housework;
good home and fair pay for right party. 116
Taylor St., after 12 p. tn.. lor this week.
GIRL to do light housework and care of baby;
call after 10 a. m. 4156 Twentieth st.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; thoroughly experi-
enced. Address box 240 L Call office.
GIRL to learn and assist In general office
work. Address J. box 2404, Call office.
YOUNG woman for housework, plain washing
and cooking. 1920 Sutter st.
WANTED— A good finisher on custom pants;
steady work. 757 A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker on vests; good work,
good pay. 5788 Natoma st.
WANTED — First-class talloress on fine coats.
14 Grant aye., room 43.
GIRL to assist In light housework; small fam-
lly. Call 1970 Buah st.
TAILORESS on coats wanted. 408 Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework at 117 Barlett Bt.
WANTED— An apprentice at vestmaking. In-
quire at 617 Jessie st.
GIRL to assist In housework. Call between 12
and 2 o'clock to-day at 986 Harrison st.
GOOD waiter girls. Z9 Fourth st.
GOOD girl for light housework. DR. MEYER,
2777 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED —An apprentice for dressmaking;
paid while learning. 625 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL to wait at table and second; small board-
ing-house. 806 Leavenworth st-
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory.
Gough and Grove sts. * '
GOOD waitress wanted. 631 Clay st.
GOOD tailoress on custom coats; steady place.
120 Butter at., room 64.
26 EXPERIENCED hands on silk and wool
waists. S. F. Mfg Co.. 409 A Turk st.
WANTED — A girl for general housework; must
be a good plain cook. Call at 2223 Howard st.
WANTED— A reliable girl to assist In general
housework. 418 Brannan at., near Third.
RELIABLE person to do housework In small
family. ISIbA Vallejo st.
GIRL to assist with housework. Call at 4034
Seventeenth St., near Castro.
RELIABLE young woman for housework; fam-
ily of 3; reference; wages $10. 1208 Devtsadero.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and light house-
work; wages $20. 952 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands. 1435 Polk at.
YOUNG German girl; general housework; $15.
836% Harrison st.
COOK to assist In housework; Sin family. Call
2827 Pine st.
LADY solicitors wanted; references required.
Address box 2868. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
NEAT girl to do plain cooking In bakery.
Apply 427 Larkln st.
GIRL for general housework; $10. 8631 Seven-
teenth st.
LADIES' cloaks. BUlt, $1 Der week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
HELP ANTED— MALE.
WE pay your fare and ship to-day
TO THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
160 laborers $-0 to $40 and found
crosscut sawyers, edgerman, lathers, barbers,
etc. ; woodchoppers, tiemakers and picket-
makers by the hundreds. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FOREMAN
2 rock, 2 grading foremen, see boss here, $3
day: head dairyman, country dairy, $40 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Harness maker, city $35 and found
wheelwright, country shop
8 stonemasons, $1 60 fare, $3 50 day
piano player for saloon $30 and found
man to run engine and do blacksmithtng on
ranch
3 tinners 20 drillers
6 experienced lumber pliers, $2 day; 3 milk
i wagon drivers $35 and $40
62 farm hands $26 to $30 and found
6 milkers $30 and found
25 4-horse teamsters, $1 60 fare $2 day
10 laborers, city work $2 day
buggy washers, stablemen, etc.
To the Gold Mines.
6 miners, single-hand drills $75
__ MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
C00K5.... PORTERS ....LAUNDRY HELP
12 cooks $50, $40 and $30 and found
waiters, city and country-. $35, $30 and $25
shirt polishers markers
3 porters, country hotels $20 and found
bakers and second hands
boys to learn trades, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY
3 stonemasons. $3 50. and 20 teamsters, Coast
road, ship Friday; 20 woodsmen and laborers.
$26 and $35 and found, fare advanced, see
boss here; 10 orchard farmers, $20 and found;
machine hand, $2 60 day; 2 miners, $2 50: 2
lumber pliers, $2 a day; man and wife, wife
cook and laundress, man coachman and gar-
dener, 2 In family, $40. C. R. lIANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st,
WANTED— 2O men about sawmill and R. R..
fare advanced, $20 and board, no experience
I required, office fee $1; 10 men to chop pine
wood, good timber, tools and provisions ad-
vanced; farmers and milkers In different
counties at going wages: cook, country hotel,
ISO: cook, small mine, $35; cook and wife for
mine, $50; waiter, nice country hotel. $25, and
others. W. I>. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Gardener and wife. $45; 4 miners.
$2 50 day; laborers for mines and quarries.
$2 day: 2 copper miners, $2 50 day: farmers
and pruners, $26 and $20; man to drive milk
wagon, $30 and found; woodsmen, stage
driver, cooks, waiters and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St. i
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS sober bedmaker wanted. Call
10 o'clock at 664V4 Howard st.
WANTED — Four men for office work; steady
employment; good pay. 916 Market St., r. 81.
DISHWASHER and waiter at 8 Jackson st.
WANTED— A good grocery clerk at BW. corner
Shotwcll and Twentieth sts.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
VEGETABLE man wanted. 631 Clay st.
NIGHT cook wanted. 207 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS paper-hanger wanted at corner
Sutler and Lagiina sts.
WANTED— At Jamestown, Tuolumne County,
200 men; laborers, teamsters and drlllmen;
free passage from Oakdale; take boat to
Stockton, cars to Oakdale for $1 50; good
1 ard and good camp accommodations; work
for seven or eight months. CAMPBELL &
BUCK MAN. 302 Montgomery Et.
WANT general tailor or Mr. Rheln. formerly
employed by N. Persleo, tailor, at Irvlngton,
(a! ; call at 1713 Ocean aye., Ingleslde. N.
PERSICO.
BUTCHER wanted; a young man for cutting
and route; steady. Kentucky Market, 1512
Kentucky St.
A DRY goods salesman who can dress win-
dows. 1501 Park St., Alameda.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet Ist and 2d Bts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
BARBERS— Good paying 15c shop; Investigate.
DECKELMAN BROS., 104 Ellis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
room*: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SHOEMAKER wanted; steady work. 4102
Nineteenth st.
WANT a No. 1 electro plater for silver mining
plates; answer at once. Address W. H. 0..
box 2305. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d Bts.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue;
MOLER'S BARBER. COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop for sale
In the center of this city; reason death of pro-
prietor. For particulars call on H. SCHEU-
NERT, 927 Market st.
WANTED — men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
st., near Polk.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks; expert Instructions; Saturday
wages; call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. r— l.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
VivcH^STRR Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, — Sale
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday,
11 o'clock, at Ormonde Stable, 1517 Mission st.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer. •
40 HORSES for Bale; also wagon. buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
. 827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady: also nome fine matched black teams.
HOUSES— LODGING— FOR~~SALE~
A— sl2oo; 38-ROOM Market-st. house, vicinity
Stockton st. : grandest bargain in city low
rent; a mint for anyone. M. LESS. 765 Market.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer daily.
10-ROOM lodging house, all full; paying house-
no agents or trlflexs. Call 604% Mission st.
BOARDING and rooming house; nets $80;
must sell to-day. Owner, box 2408. Call. '
LODGING-HOUSE of 13 rooms, all occupied
for sale at 2 Washington at.
BARGAIN; must be sold; Philadelphia House.
421 Bush St.; 48 rooms: 40 fur.; gas and water.
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Nice corner house;
33 rooms; all rooms full; cheap.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. I FLATS. „, nn
1412 G. Gate; 8 R.s3o 00 1206^ Turk; 6 R..521 00
534 Halght; 6 R.. 27 50 1710 Buchanan; 4 R li 50
576 Folsom 7 R.. 21 00 1513H Geary; 5 R. 14 00
1235 Sanchez: 5 R. 12 50 19* Madison A. ;4r. 10 00
86 Grand ay.; 6 R. 13 50 1424% Howard; 4 R 15 00
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL.
10 Montgomery st. _^___
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Modern house, furnished complete;
7 or more rooms; neat and clean; sunny ex-
posure; garden: will take Immediate posses-
sion; 4 to 6 months' time; rent $/o to $90 per
month. Address P., Hotel Pleasanton.
FURNISHED or partly furnished house or flat:
6 to 7 rooms; not over $25: state location. C.
C. S.. box 2531. Call office.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant: teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST^oTstolen— Eskimo dog; reward for where-
abouts. J. G. Gallagher, 108 San Jose aye.
FOUND— A brown greyhound. Owner can have
same by applying to E. C. 321 Davis st.
LOST— Spotted coach dog. Finder will return
to 48 Eighth st. and receive reward.
MEDICAL.
MRs!~DR?~WYETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home and for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post St., between
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
Bend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies," in letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadel., Pa.
PRIVATE home for patients in confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st., bet. Hyde
and Larkin. Office hours— lo to 12, 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladies. DR. an.l MRS. WEGENER,
phone Pine 2781; res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9a. m. to sp. m.
DRS GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market Ft., has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy St.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
S7 years: call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; cure $5. 318 Kearny; consultation free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
St.; ever}' case guaranteed; $3 up.
HOME In confinement; treatment $3; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ne*s aye.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist, 1023% Market st
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladies' physician. 1228
Market St.. bet Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11* Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, cold and exchanged. 1083 Mission st.
A BEAUTIFUL mahogany, pearl inlaid. ivory
edged concert size guitar for $22; cost orig-
inally $45. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
TWO-STORY new building to be removed on
account of Santa Fe depot. 21 Bryant St.,
near Main.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes,
, Iron & wood; 2d hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St., S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brickdust. S. R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansome Bt. ; tf-1. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines, .1 steamers. 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. .lARDINE, 220 Fremont.
SECOND-HAND machinery. electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new, 2d-hand. Whitelaw,2l6 Spear.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S C. I. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters. shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. 111S Mission: tei. Jessie 1163.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9p. m.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. -. : . ■:■->
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CAPITAL required in a prosperous and well-
established manufacturing business; all
means of Investigating freely granted. Ad-
dress box 2864. Call office.
OLIVES- Attention to farmers; any quantity
of olives will be bought. A. DETOY, 524
Clementina st., S. F.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows: send postal. CHARLES LEWIS, 611
Union st.
WANTED— hire 100 Erst-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
BUFFALO beam scale: also patent meat block;
cheap for cash. 1190 Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United ctnfeo. postpaid, for $1 per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 63-69 Donohoe bldg, 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
ln estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos ln S. F.. Oak-
land .or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try allothers. then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages; estates in probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
rate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de*
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
. tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 84« Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, qind on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids.. ISO Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser; also on diamonds, watches and
jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9, a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dia-
monds, etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
TO salaried men; without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
$8000 TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY, 430 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries-
rents. KLOTH. 220 California St., room 7.''
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 S'xth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs •
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
£ b'} B ?\ X**'K **' sent - to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for IL
postage paid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT "cash raisins" sale of pianos ii
now going on at MAUVAIS'. 789 Market St.*
dcn't delay if you want a bargain.
ANOTHER chance for great bargains in pianos
is offered for a week at MAUVAIS'. 759 Mar-
ket st.
SEE the new style Decker pianos and get the
low prices at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
THE Decker & Son pianos have been manufac-
tured ever since 1856, and are to-day the
"best of the best." See the new styles at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for S3
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are th»
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
ln good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$:, 'per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth ana
Broadway, Oakland. _^
FORTY years in business here has placed us in
position to serve you better than most others;
a fine assortment of Hazelton and other
pianos at lowest prices: a few used pianos at
great bargains; a Steinway upright. Hard-
man. Chase Bros., Arion, Dewing Brew.
specials for this week: squares from $23 up.
THE J. DEWING COMPANY, second floor.
Flood building. Fourth and Market ate.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lagest hous*
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms -easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
24 NEW pianos to rent: $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURT CO.. 560 Hayes st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
Pianos- prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. <-. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents, 52 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W B BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano for $110 cash. KEEFFE'S.
1019 Van Ness aye. -
WANTED— square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
SOS Post st. .
PIANOS at auction prices in storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG, 216 McAllister St. ,
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Poet st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLF.R, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CTTFAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'n'ted States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. *
"OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
EMM SPRECKELS building, 927 Market st—
Light, sunny offices. $12 '" to ?2Q r"r mnnth.
_______
PALMISTRY.
Mi'E. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary et., above Jones; classes:
offW hours. 1 to Bp. m. : —adinc by mall. $1.
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in,
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools and
old gold: send for him. 109 Sixth st.
IT'S Lederer's Quintonica gives that beautiful
gloss to the hair; 35c bot.; Foam Shampoo
clean*es the scalp, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER dresses the hair to suit the face, 250
only; Veda Rose Rouge gives that perfectly
natural color; easily applied: cannot harm
most delicate skin; 50c box. 123 Stockton St.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; pants,
$3 75, or overcoats, $12 EO; made to order;
samples sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1644 Market at.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONS, , Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, | and Copyright
No. 4 Butter St., Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. , American arid Foreign
Send for circular. ! Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to J6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges, jewelry,
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and inter-
est. CUT. RATE LOAN" OFFICE, 22 Mason.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience; J. I!., box 2SRB, Call office.
ONLY store that buys old gold, jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S, 506 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS, 209 Third St.; send postal.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L,
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. L. B. WOOD; dental work in all branches;
examination free. 719 Market St., rms. 2 & 3.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, 308 Sixth st.
MRS. L.J. WHEELOCKhas removed La Verita
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 238 Kearny St., first floor, room 2-3.
MRS. BENNETT, 1165 Mission— cure 8
days; no knife, no caustics; references.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont st., nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansom© st.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin,, 514 Pine.ab.Krny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ing. O. Nolte.
jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock: square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty ;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Now lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $SoO— Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build on;
$25 down. $10 monthly.
Branch Office, Ninth aye., near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to Richmond lots, $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots. $3 monthly.
$100 to Mission st. and Ocean View lots,
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
$34^r < M . O ?? 1 5- X i^ rOOm ~ Cottaffe on Ntumlniz-d
street; lot 2oxl30; also a large 7-room house
on Pierce st.. near Halght; houses built to
suit purchases; easy terms. Inquire on prem-
ises. F. NELSON, Builder.
$900 FOR new house of b rooms and lot 50x100.
In Oakland: terms $200 cash - balance «3 per
2°""?: '"* .l22, £ ouse cost $120 °- Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
FOR sale— 4-room cozy house; 9 foot 8 inch
2^ S TTen t tV- n ? n ; t e h 1 . t t . and Stable; CleCtrlC CarS '
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First a ™V T you wish to sell them.
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
C £ , AP ST and best In America-The Weekly
t- iV 16 ,, pase - sent to any address in the
united States. Postpaid, for *1 per year.
REAL ESTATE THY — Sale
13% ACRES; must be. sold; make offer: all in
bearing trees; 2 miles from Santa Clara; 10-
-room house, barn, windmill, 2 wells, all im-
plements. 9 Geary st.. room 15.
28 ACRES of choice fruit or early vegetable
land. For particulars address P. O. box 187.
acaville. -
A— 2oo ACRES farming land near Sunol, Ala-
meda Co., fronting on county road; $25 per
*ere for quick sale. H. H. Crane. 410 Montgy.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per je»«-ROOMS yon HOUSEKEEPING.
A L LO^ of , 4 beautifuliaTgTr^ms'. with
nice wide hall, completely furnished for !
houseKt-epmg; gas. hot and cold water; use
01 laundry, bathroom; telephone; new house;
Bmal private family; rent reasonable; fine
t, '.. h( / llth >' location; no children. 4231
__Tvu-ntleth s-t.. bet. Castro and Collingwood.
A BRANCH of nee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ths
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
_ tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m.
ALL licht rms. $6. J5; Kenrny, nr. Sutter, 128
O Fairoll. cor. Powell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
BUCHANAN. CO*, corner Fell— Sunny bay-win-
dow and kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
AY . 2421. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
_^upper rooms; yard; water: rear: rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receive,! at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
KDDY. 604— Nicely furnished rooms Tor house-
__keepiiiK: sunny: good location.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
nectlng. $13: also single. $5 to $7.
HA I HT. 1 If. — Sunny front suite completely
for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HOWARD; lOilt— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; running water; rent reasonble.
LARKIN. 826— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 to $2j per month; central.
LANGTON. 25CU. bet. HarrlForTand~~Brvant-3
nice furnished rooms for housekeeping- "cellar-
pri\ate family.
MISSiON ,-fil near Second-Two nice furnished
housekpg; also large front room.
OCTAVIA 1403. cor. Gcary-Sunny""furnTshed
bay-window; light housekeeping; $10.
O- F A R R ELL, SOS-F^eefy"" furnished house-
k.^pint; rooms; also single rooms.
PO 1 ' 5 -:. ."22-Furnlshed and unfurnished house-
keepinpr rooms; rent cheap.
BAN CARLOS' aye.. 57, cor. lSth st.— Sunny fur-
■& nUhed housekeeping rooms very cheap.
SEVENTH l'.<2— One large unfurnished room:
housekpg. rms. & suites. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
SHOTWKLL. :i<», near Sixteenth— 2 furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms, cheap.
TWELFTH, 40— Two sunny connecting rooms
for housfk<y>ptns: $10.
TWEXTY-T1 1 1 Rd731«6. near Howard-2 or 3
punny furnlfhrd h.skpg. rms.; bath; laundry.
TW ENTY-TH I HI), 3726. near Dolor'es-3 sunny
bay-window rooms, complete: new carpets.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 10&6 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Uiifurn.
AN up-to-date new firepr^nf building — 'San
Antonio": opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water; radiators and coal grates; 1
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and i
light housekeeping; open all nigh^
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor Fts.—
Homelike house; mi-.<lern service; elevator;
bath; rooms nOc to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— "EPWORTH." clean, respectable 25c to n
per night. $1 2' tc ft! per week; light house-
keeping. K37Vi Market St.
AT The Waldorf. 309 Po well— Two front suites; I
also single room, without board.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suites; sin- j
gle rooms; all conveniences: gentleman and
families: elevator; special rates traveling men.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1208 Market, cor. Golden Gate '
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn. rms. & offices, I
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
CLIFI ORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Kk-s?antly ;
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United Siaf Hotel)— Clean, neat i
rooms; $1 5(1 week ud: i-levator day and ntcht. !
ELLIS, 51S— Basement room for gentleman; $5
per month.
FOURTH. 22"'-j— Nncely furnished bay-window
and tingle rr.cms: moderate; quiet. i
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay- i
window room for 2 young men: also hou=ek- I
GEARY, 217—4 unfur. rooms: modern conven.;
elegant office for dressmaker or physician.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh i
and Mission «ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or !
Klnirle: ladiee' parlor; reading room: elevator, j
HANCOCK House, 7sT Mit-sion— Select family ]
rooming house; $1 50 to 56 per week. ;
HOWARD. 715— 2yi sunny rooms; nicely fur- j
nlshed; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated; I
£5c to 50c per night: $1 50 to $2 per week.
MASON. 213U— Nicely furnished rooms; single '
or en .suite:" Jl 50 per week up. :
MASON, r.ll— Large sunny front; grate, gas; I
also sinsle; private.
MCALLISTER, 702H—3 nice rooms for houae- I
keeping; also single and suites; bath; gas.
MINNA', 2S— Furnished sinela and double
rooms; 7ic and $1 per week.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-; window room. >■ per week; transient.
NATOMA, 602, near Seventh— Nicely furnished
sunny front room for one or two persons.
NEW Arlington, 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
25c day ip; $2 week up; transient.
O'FARP.ELL. 20— Sunny. furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.,mo. ,
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $3
to ts: month, ft to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot, cold water; baths.
• ■ MENTO, Three rooms; large yard;
rent ?7. I
KEVENTH, 192 (Glrard House)— 2 handsome j
sunny corner rooms for physician or dentist.
EHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 603— Nice sunny well furnished
rooms; single or en suite.
THE Oaks 119 Third— good rooming house
for go<,d people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky gts. Open till 9 p. m.
ROOMS WANTED.
■WANTED, by married couple, no children, 8 or j
4 furnished rooms, suitable for housekeeping,
In a nice respectable neighborhood; state rent.
Box 1302. CalK_
COUPLE with 2 children: 3 or i furnished
housekt-eping rooms. Address box 2M'S*. Call.
TWO rooms for light housekeeping; central.
Box 2r' »3, Call offlco.
SEWING MACHINES VM) SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds 1 ought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
airing at lowest ratps. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MASSAGE vapor, electric baths PROF. W.
RIEDL, 106 Eddy, form, at Highland Springs.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting he. Hartman Paint Co., 313 Third.
EAD tenani« ejected for $.4; collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
m 41 Mr.ntromery st rcr.m? 0-10- I*l '.'¥)
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLI Storage and Moving Co. |
Office. 4H pr.yt. rnr. Powoll: tel. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
TO~LEASE— California iet«en Club Park,
near Fan Rafael, for a term of 5 years or
more; bids will be received up to November
20 6 p. m., at the office of the C. S. C. P. &
U. A.. 123 Suit- st. - :
OTTO BURMEISTER, Secretary.
STORE to lease; Mission St.. bet. First and |
""Second- lot 25x100: put In order to suit tenant. j
j. TOMFKINSON, '.7 Minna M
'_•£■-.■: WATCH REPAIRING^
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed 2 years.
Th* R"v J*W*lr» nnri Ontlrn! Co.. '•!'■ .T\>arnjr.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
" AIiAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
«SOO— LOT COxISO, with large cottage of « i
rooms and bath; f table, windmill, tank, etc. j
12500— Lot 40x115: fine 2-story house 8 rooms
arid bath: near Ration; must be sold at once;
W f2£oo-^Lot'*<*lso. on Morten st.. bet. the rail-
road.-, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
*500 cash balace 125 per month.
J'3so-Lot 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa
r~inra aye ■ elegant new house of 8 room*,
i'M co«h "balance $20 per month. Houses to
lit 'in all' parts of Alameda.
H. P MORKAL 4 CO.. 1432 Park st.
CHFAPF.ST and best In America— he Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T ; n l t ' P ,l Ptntop. TvstrriM. for tl p-r yi»nr.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HfiMl- for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKJ3. 1416 Bth. I
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$200 CASH for a lovely home, I raltvale, ad-
joining East Oakland; no fo;js nor cold winds;
situate on Fruitvule aye.; 9-rooin modern
house, l year built: large lot, barn, shed,
chicken house, etc.; city water and sewer;
electric cars pass the door; street work all
dcn< : delightful surroundings: price, all told,
$20' JO; $1200 can remain; terms to suit buyer
for balance, or will exoh.inpe. 4Cki Seventh St..
near coiner of Broadway, Oakland. HENRY
B. JONES, Owner.
FOUR elegant new houses In course of con-
struction on 33d Ft., bet. Grove and West; 2
completed: all idem Improvements; street
work, sidewalks done; small payment down;
balance monthly it' desired; houses open for
inspection 10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON,
515 Twentieth st
MODERN, nearly new, 2-story 9-room residence
in Fruitvale, at corner of Champion and Nlcol
aye.; only $200 cash, balance -to suit; house
open. to-day.
$.10"ifl— LOT, 4-room bouse, bath; suitable for
chicken ranch: HfUey st.. East Oakland; take
Iliehland Park car.
14 ACRES In Oakland; • -date home: want
an honest offer. E. B. BUNCE. 908 Broad-
way, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED COTTA«EB.
NICELY furnished 6- room cottage, with piano,
to let for this winter to adult family; refer-
ence required 981 Poplar st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Shellhaas, the
furniture denier, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 3 (2i per
share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany. No. 327 Market st., on and after
Wednesday, November 15, 1899. Transfer
t books will close on Thursday, November 9,
189 a, at 3 o'clock p m.
i E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend .No. 9 (thirty-five
cents per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be payable
at the office of the company. 327 Market st.,
on and after FRIDAY, November 10 1599.
Transfer books will close on SATURDAY,
November 4. 1899, nt 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of «he city and county
of San Francisco, State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUG\R
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of ths
ftate of California, and having Its office and
place of business In the city and county of
Ban Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Sups-
rlor Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY. November 13. 1899, at 10
o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2, in the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and placa for th»
hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this I nth dny of October 1899.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
P.y E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
rP»aU
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
i Marriage licensps have been iFsued as follows
. W. J. ' I'Connell and Florence E. Peters. ...23-22
■ Jarr.es W. Nicholas and Mabel L. Barbler!.ls-l>j
August G. Reddan and Grace M Lynch.T.2B-lS
. Cyril W. A. Thi>m and Anna K. A. Bruhn.27-lS
Albert Brilliant and Wllhemine Musster.7.B4-34
Bibiana Davila and Teresa Rodrl# SS-37
August Noren and Julia Fryer 32-32
Edward P. Philips ard Ella Goff 24-21
j Joseph Murray and Margaret Benson 2t5-24
I Charley Hansei and Anna Montgomery 33-23
j BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
! Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
I mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
' in at either of the publication offices and be
! indorsed with the name and residence of per-
j sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
! DUNN— this city. November 7. 1599, to the
wife of James E. Dunn, a son.
PLUNKETT— In this ell November 8. 1899, to
: the wife of William John I'lunkett, a daugh-
"
ter.
MARRIED.
GOUGH— BAYLY— In this city. November 4,
j 1X93, by the Rev. Father 11. H. Wyman, John
W. Gouch of Dayton, Wash., and Anna J.
! Bayly o£ San Francisco.
I GREENBERC — GORWIT— In this city. Novem-
ber 5, 1899, by the Rev. H. Samuelson, Leo-
pold noerg and Rosa Gorwit. both of San
Francisco.
REDDAN- In this city, November 8,
IS:*, by the Rev. Dr. HeraphiU, A. G. Red-
[ dan and Grace M. Lynch, both of San Fran-
j Cisco.
DIED.
; Anderson, Ihgeborg Llnd, Olaf T. .
1 Bigley, John Loewe, August
Brandon. Margaret McKenna, Margaret
Crowe, Daniel McPhee, Annie R.
David. Lazarus Montague, Virginia
Emerson, Katie C. Mullin, Charles
Gross, Caroline Mullin, Leonard C.
Henry, Charles Pendergast. Agnes M.
Houseman. Harvey Popper. Max
Johns, Thomas J. 1 ilaln, Leon
Kump, Joseph Schwartz. Pearl
ANDERSON— this city,. November 8. 1599,
Ingeborg Oeorgii beloved wife of Alexander
R. Anderson, and mother of Josephine An-
| derson, a native of Norway, aged 27 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(■Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BIGLET— In this city, November 7, 1899, John
Blgley, beloved father of Mrs. Frank Rod-
ney, Mrs. Jesse P. Hurd and Daniel P. Big-
ley, a native of London, England, aged C 2
years and 1 month.
[ryThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & O>., 1235 Market street, betwepn
E'.ehth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
i Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
BRANDON— In this city, November 8, 1899,
Margaret G., beloved wife of E. J. Brandon,
and mother of Ethel and Eddie Brandon, and
daughter of Eliza and the late Michael Buck-
ley, and Bister of William and Daniel Buck-
ley, a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years
| 6 months and 15 days.
C rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3 Freelon street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mans will
be celebrated for the repose of her spul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
! CROWE— In this city, November 7, 1899, Daniel.
beloved brother of Lizzie Crowe and Mrs!
Thomas J. Scrlven, and nephew of Martin
Ryan, a native of the parish of Shrough,
County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 23 years.
(ETFrlen<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
: emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
! DAVID— In this city, November 7, 1899. Laz-
arus David, beloved husband of Barbel
David, and father of Mrs. Bessie Harris and
Isaac L., Robert L.. Harry L. and Doreth«a
David, a native of Poland, aged 62 years.
tC?"F"rii-r . and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 7 John street, between Pacific and
Jackson. Powell and Mason. Interment-Hills
of Eternity Oemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and r iwnsend streets. -v
EMERSON— In Oakland, November 7, 1809.
Katie Crocker Emerson, beloved wife of
George Emerson, and daughter of Mrs. Cap-
tain John Strickland, a native of California,
: aged 42 years.
GROSS-In this city, November 8, 1899, Caro-
line Gross, mother of Joseiriine and Minnie
Gross, a native of Braunschweig, Germany,
oge'l 85 yc-ars.
[ryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sen-Ices
to-morrow (Friday), at the chape] of the
crematory at Odd Fellows' Cemetery, com-
mencing at 2:30 o'clock. Remains at the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth.
HENRY— In this city. November 7, 1899, Charles
Henry, beloved husband of Marguerite Henry.
a native of Germany, nged 77 yean and S
months.
C rFrlendß an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOUSEMAN— In this city, November 8. ISM,
Harvey Parker, beloved son of Margaret and
the late James S. Houseman, and brother of
Mrs. John Cecil, Mrs. W. W. North and
Thomas H. and Frank S. Houseman, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 35 years 1 month
and 25 (lays.
JOHNS— In this city, November 6. 1599. Thomas
J., beloved husband of Elizabeth Johns, and
father of Mary Johns, a native of Cornwall,
HLNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flnnnngan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS,
SO Filth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SIX
*
TITE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER !>, 1899.
England, aged 51 years 9 months and 11 days.
(Butte City and Eureka City, Nev., papers
please copy.)
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thiirpdav> at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
KUMP— In this city, November 8, 1599. Joseph
Kun:p. dearly beloved son of John and Maede-
lene Kump, and brother of John Jr. and
Frank F. Kump. a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 years ii months and 24 days.
rFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 18 Hawthorne street, between
Second and Third, Folsom and Howard,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, corner Gold-
en rate avenue and Jones street, for services,
eommencinz at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crops Cemetery.
1 LIND— In this city, November S, 1899, Olaf
Theodore, beloved husband of Hulda Llnd,
i a native of Sweden, aged 36 years 4 months
and 12 days.
LOEWE— In this city. November 8. 1599. Au-
gust, beloved husband of the late Emille
Loewe, and father of Mrs. August Haren-
berg, William G. Lof-we and Mrs. Leonard
Haase, a native of Clausthal-am-Hartz, Ger- j
many, aged 78 years and 7 months.
\ itlce of funeral hereafter.
| McKENNA— In this city, November 7, 1599,
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Sylvester
Mckenna, and mother of Daniel S. McKenna, :
i a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
C The funeral will take place this day I
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi- !
dence, 1477 Valencia street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third and i
Guerrero streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McFHEE In this city, November 7, 1599, Annie j
R., wife of the late Malcolm McPhee, and
mother of Mary, Duncan, Malcolm and the j
late Rose McPhee, a native of New York, ;
aged 49 years.
(TTThe funeral will take place this day j
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi- i
dence, 110 Minna street, thence to St. Pat- j
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In- ,
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. :,
MONTAGUE— In this city, November 8, 1R99,
I Vlrglna Montague, beloved daughter of Frank
I and Mercedes Basque, and sister of Arthur,
Ernest and Herbert Bosque, a native of
Nevada City, Cal., aged 22 years and 22
days.
MULLIN In this city, November 7, 1899, at
his residence, 421 Bay street. Charles, dearly
beloved husband of the late Mary A. Mullin,
loving father of Mrs. Mamie T. Allen, Mrs.
Clalr Morgan. Mrs. Lillian McQuillan, Mrs.
Jennie Calegarls and John, Charles and Kit-
tle Mullin, and grandfather of Leslie and
Cecil Allen and Leonard C. Mullin, a native
of Toomoor, County Cork, Ireland, aged 73
years and S months.
lE?" Friend.- and acquaintances and members
of the Mexican Veterans' Association are i
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the .
residence of his daughter. Mrs. Mamie T.
Allen, 421 Bay street, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULLIN— In this city, November 8. 1899, at
the residence of Mrs, Mamie Allen. 421 Bay
street, I^eonard C. Mullin, dearly beloved son
of Laura J. and Charles D. Mullin Jr., and
grandson of Mrs K. R. Wood and the late .
Mar] and Charles Mu'.lin, a native of San
Fr.inclsco.
' PENDERGAST— In this city, November 8. ISM,
Agnes M., beloved daughter of Michael F.
and the late Bridget Agnes Pendergast, and
Bister of Frank M. George E., Walter T.,
Edward J., Mabel R. and Nellie J. Pender-
gast, a native of Forest Hill, Placer County,
Cal.. aged 19 years and 6 days.
POPPER In this city, November B, 1599. Max
Popper, beloved son of Simon Popper, and
brother of Leopold and Tillie Popper, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years and 10
months.
friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
jl '.-. &Co P46 Mission street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
! train from Third and Townsend streets.
POULMN— In Baden, November S. 1899, Leon, I
beloved husband of Victorlne Poulain. a na-
| tlve of France, aged 65 years 1 month and 30
days.
SCHWARTZ— In this city, November 8, 1599.
Pearl, beloved daughter of Simon and Ethel
Schwartz, a native of San Francisco, aged 17 |
days.
THE monthly requiem high mass for deceased
members of St. Dominic's Church Building
\ssociatlon will be sung this day (Thursday),
at 9 o'clock. In St. Dominic's Church. Bush
and Stelner streets. |
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anna M Tobbenboskl, Anna T. and William
F. Ohm to Sarah S. Wlnslow (wife of C. R.).
lot on S line of Pacific street. 171:10% W of
Cough. W 65 :9 by S 127 :8V t ; $10. _
Same to same, commencing lil:10i 2 W of
Gough and 127:8% S of Pacific, S 9:9?* by W
\34 4'- ;
Chauncey R Wlnslow to same, lot on S
line of Pacific street, 171:10% W of Gough. W
j 65:9. S 127:3%. B J4:4V4. S 9:9%, E 34:4^. N
137:6; pift
i Emma H. Brown to John B. Smith, lot on W
line of Buchanan street, 25 S of Filbert. a 30
by W 90; $10. . ■
Charles and Mary Frlel to Patrick Frlel, lot
on N line of Fulton street, 37:6 W of Buchanan,
W 50 by N $7:6. E 25. 9 27:6. E 25. B 60; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Louis
Muller lot on BE corner of Oak and Scott
■ streets. S 40 by F. 81:3; $ .
Lcuis and Harriet M. Muller to Germain
Pouchan, same: $10.
Caroline D. and George A. Moore to Agnes
Bridge lot on S line of Union 6treet, 140:6 W
of Devlsadero. W 3 by B 1:37:6; $1.
Same and Alfred B. Moore (by H. M. Covert,
commisEloner.) to Elizabeth G. Baldwin, lot on
: S lino of Union Street, 140:6 W of Devlsadero,
W 134:6 by S 137:6; $COOO.
Friederlch Kronenbersr to Carl Schutt and
David Balfleld lot on NW corner of Twenty
eecond and Nne streets. W 30 by N 101:6; $10.
Catherine Acton to Martin F. and Mary No
lan, lot on YV line of Noe street, 76 N of Beaver,
N 25 by W 110; $10.
i City and County of Ban Francisco to Charles
: L. Jurman. lot on W line of York street, 104 S
of Twenty-fourth, S 26 by W 100.
Savings and Loan Society to Hagbard Bon,
lot on S line of Twenty-third street, 200 E of
Guerrero. E 30 by S 114; $3500.
Henry and Frieda Rathjen to Germanla
1 Building and Loan Association, lot on SE cor
j ncr of Powell and Francisco streets, 6 137:6 by
E IBS; lot on NE corner of Eighth. 100 BE of
Harrison. BE 100, NE 165, NW 75, s\v SO, NW
25, SW 86; lot on NE corner of Hayward, 100
BE of Harrison, BE 50 by NE 75; lot on SE
corner of Mary (Homer), 60 BW of Chesley, SW
60, BE " . NE 120, NW 40. SW 60, NW 20; lot
j en S corner of Mary and Chesley, SE 20 by BW
CO; lot on NW corner Boyd, 60 SW of Chesley.
SW 40 by NW 60; $10.
Germanla Building and Loan Association to
John md Henry Kunst, same as last three de
scriptions of above; $3700.
Charlotte F.. Harold A., Edward K. and Ida
F. Clarke, Charles O. and Edith A. E. Lyman
to Charlotte H. Moulder, undivided \'z. SW
Mission and Spear, SW 91:8. SE 137:6, NE 91:8,
NW 137:6; also property outside of county; $10.
Charlotte P." Edward K. and Ida F. Clarke,
' Charlotte 11. Moulder to Edith A. E. Lyman
and Harold Clarke, undivided hi. S Ellis, 87:6,
E Mason, E 50 by S 100; also 1 property outside
of county; $10.
Alameda County.
John H. and Mary Volker to San Francisco
Savings Union, 44.") d. 321, beginning at a point
formed by the Intersection of a street 60 feet
wide with W line of Brush street, S 30 by W
100 Oakland; $--
George W. Austin to Christine J. Cameron
lot on W corner of Eighteenth avenue and East
Twenty-first street, W 65, then at right angles
and parallel with Eighteenth avenue, 141 E 65
to W line of Eighteenth avenue, 140 to begin
ning, Mock 64, San Antonio, East Oakland; $10
Samuel Jones and Charles S. Glvens to James
R. Little, lot on NE corner of Grant and Bris
tol streets (Hearst avenue), N 270, E 100. R 135
W 50, S 135, W BO to beginning, being lots 42*
43 and 44 in range 4, Hardy Tract. Berkeley'
sloo.
E. H. and Fidelia C. King to Calvin A. Nich
ols, lot on N line Nicol avenue, 125 W of Per
alta avenue, W 60 by N 150. being lots 11 and
12, block E, Corrected Map Nicol Tract
Brooklyn Township; $650.
Mary Bettllyon to Charles A. Bettllyon lot
on E line of Bryant street, 684 N of East Four
teenth, N 50 by E 146, being lots 45 and 46, block
A. Resubdlvision Frultvale Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
William B. and Emily McKenzle to John S.
Garcia, lot on SW corner of Williams and Estu-*
dlllo streets, W 272.60, H 310, E 193.81. N 300 to
beginning, being lots 1, 2, 15 and 18, Hemme
Tract, San Leandro, Eden Township: $10*
Charles H. Richardson to Eugene F. Bert,
lot on >« line of Eighteenth street 100 E of
West E 50 by N 100. being lot 12, block
K. Barnes Tract, Oakland; $10.
J. A. Macdonald to Mary A. Macdonald lot on
W line of Broadway, 175 N of Hirnle street, N
25. W 141:1, S 25:11 E to beginning, Oakland;
gift.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Elsie Sinclair
lot on S line of Prince street, 150 \\* of Deacon
W GO by B 135, being lot 8, block C, Woolsey
Tract Berkeley; $10.
H. B. and Laura S. Has»lt!ne to E. O. Llnd
blom, lot 32. University Villa Tract In plat 77
Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley; $500.
Burrell L. Jones to Margaret E. Bailey (wife
Of J. Hi undivided one-twelfth Interest in lot
on S line of Berkeley avenue, 36S E of Piedmont
way, E 61:8 by 102:5, being lot 7, block E, prop
erty of Berkeley Homestead Association, Berke
ley: gift.
Edmund C. Jones to same, undivided one
twelfth interest In same, Berkeley; gift.
Miranda and Sarah J. Klmball to Elizabeth
Lloyd, lots 3 and 4. Map of the Miranda Klm
ball Tract, being a subdivision of pprtlon of J
Lev! 8r Tract, Brooklyn Township; $100.
Caroline Webster to Elsie Felton, lot on E
line of Pease avenue, 100 N from N line of
Clark and Carpentler Tract, N 30 by E 70. Ala
meda: $10.
Albertlne Rchroeder to Annie H. Henley, lot
on E line Stanton street, 2J6 S of Railroad ave
nue, S 44 by E 195, being lot 7 and N 1 foot of
lot 8. Powers Tract, Alameda; $10.
Bethiah P. Chandler to Ada E. Covllle. lot 20
block 2112. lots 22 and 23. block 2109. lot 22. block
2102 and lot 1. block 2097, as recorded; $10.
Builder's Contract.
Mrs. E. B. Crocker (owner) (by J. 08. Ounn.
ag"nt) with John O, Cook (contractor), archi
tect Albert Sutton— Excavatirm, grading, con
crete foundations, tile drains, etc., for a frani*
residence on lot on NW corner of Franklin
and Clay streets. N 102:8»4 by W 112:6; $1080.
WATCHING FOR A
METEOR SHOWER
Preparations Made at
Lick Observatory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. B.— A big shower of
meteors is expected by the astronomers
at Lick Observatory on the morning of
November 16. These heavenly displays
only occur every thirty-three years. The
last time they were witnessed meteors
fell at the rate of from fifteen to twenty
per hour, luu this display is expected to
be a brighter one. The meteors are known
as tho Leonides and appear to come direct
fnun the constellation Leo.
At Lick Observatory arrangements have
been made to photograph the meteors
with two photo-telescopes, with six-inch
apertures. Resides, their direction will be
marked on charts.
According to signs, the r-hower should
begin on tho morning of November 16,
about 1 o'clock. However, It may be a
little off either way, and the astronomers
will Tteep a strict watch for two days pre
ceding and after the 16th. The direction
of the flight of the meteors will be toward
tho east. It will be nearly a full moon at
the time and its brightness may Inter
fere with the observations to some extent.
Most of the meteors will be discernible
to the naked eye, and should the fall of
mele , )rs reach the frequency expected It
will be a grand sight.
EMPLOYES OF THE
ASYLUM WORRIED
Dt. Crane, the New Medical Director,
Makes Changes Irrespective
of Political Pulls.
PAN JOSE, Nov. B.— Never before has
there been such uncertainty about things
;u Agnewa Asylum as now, and attend
j ants and employes are all possessed of a
fear that they are to be the next to go.
The trustees are also worried, for some
of their pets have already been dismissed.
Medical Director Crane Is proving a thorn
in the side of the trustees. A "pull" has
! always been sufficient to keep any kinid
of person employed at the asylum here
tofore, but Dr. Crane has revolutionized
things. Ever since the last meeting, when
he told the trustees be did not agree with
Governor Gage's political methods, he has
been conducting things to suit himsr-if.
This is demonstrated by the report of the
management committee at the meeting
to-, lay, which shows live changes during
the month of October in the employes
and as many reappointed, and these, too,
without kowtowing to the trustees. Four
of them come under the head of resigna
tions, but the trustees themselves admit
they were forced.
The changes are as follows: Resigned
— H. N. Turner, assistant attendant; Miss
1.. D. Bambauer, matron; K. H. Snapp,
attendant; Thomas McGlone, laundry
help. Discharged— H. W. Conner, black
smith. Appointed— \V. J. Thompson, An
nie M. Grone, J. A. French, assistant at
tendants; J. M. Waste, druggist; A. L.
Fitzgerald, matron.
It is believed the limit has not yet been
reached, and that Dr. Crane will make
many more changes.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Changes — List
of Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. S.-A postofflce
has been established at Preston, Nev.
Special postal service has been estab
lished between Lewis and Lagrange, Cal.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War, the commanding general
of the Department of California will re
lit ye -Major Secylour Howell, additional
paymaster, from duty in that department
in time to enable him to saii for the Phil
ippine Islands on November 15.
The following named enlist, d men hav
ing enlisted under false pretenses will be
discharged without honor from the ser
'.:,.■ of the United States: Private Rosa
<;. Latshaw of Company I, Thirty-eighth
Infantry; Recruit Harry R. AVells of the
Forty-fourth Infantry and Recruit James
A. Qreer of the Forty-sixth Infantry,
Presidio. San Francisco.
Pensions: California — Original — John
R. B. Rkkman, Nord, $6; Ebenezer Dut
cher, San Jose, $s; William W. Dollings,
Lowery, $ti; Qustavus A. Swasey, Ala
meda. $12; Asa Frank Lane, Oridley, $G;
George Lonney, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $0; Robert P. Hastings, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $10. Restoration and
reissue— Milton W. Eves (dead), Lewis, $'!.
Increasi — John C. Maupln, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $0 to $*; Albert Jen
nings, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10
to $12. Original widows, etc.— Carrie E.
Eves, Lewis, $8. Special accrued— Louisa
A. Strader, Fernando, $S.
Oregon — Original — James B. Fenton,
R ile, $6.
Washington— Original— Hermon A. Sis
cho, Cape Horn, $b; Thomas Hodges, Su
ma£, $<5.
GILMAN AT STANFORD.
President of Johns Hopkins Univer-
sity Addresses Students.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. B.—
President Daniel C. Oilman of Johns
Hopkins University spent the day here.
President Jordan gave him a reception in
the afternoon and following this Oilman
gave an informal talk before the faculty
and students on topics naturally sug
gested by the place and hour. He began
with pleasant references to the institu
tion and its history and its pleasant re
lations with its sister university at
Berkeley.
He told of his acquaintance with Leland
Stanford and his wife. He spoke in strong
terms of Stanford's wisdom, sound judg
ment and intelligent interest in higher
education, and at the same time paid a
worthy eulogy to Mrs. Stanford's devo
tion to the early plans of her husband
and herself. He spoke of the unique fea
tures of the university, the beauty of its
housing, the freedom of its courses and
Its breadth of range, and urged the etu
dents to make the greatest use of this
advantage. Oilman closed with an ap
peal to the students to develop ideals of
personal life, character and duty and to
follow these ideals fully and "unflinch
ingly.
Easy Thing for Tramps.
PASADENA, Nov. B.— The local consta
j bles and police have discovered an inter
j esting excursion system being practiced
by tramps that has been the means of
giving the fraternity probably hundreds
of miles of transportation. Almost every
I night from two to ten tramps board the
I Santa Fe freight that leaves Los Angeles
eastbound at 10 o'clock. They cannot get
on in Los Angeles, so they walk to Pasa
dena and catch the train when it slows up
to register. The train has become known
as "the tramps' accommodation" on this
i account. The officers say that the tramps
; all over this section have been Informed
of its facilities and they make use of
them. On? constable caught fifteen hobos
in one night, and again two constables
got together eleven. The officers say
1 there are a surprising number of juveniles
i among the tramps this year. More than
i half those arrested this week were mere
I boys. They have stolen several bicycles
of late.
Delegates Chosen.
SAN JOSE, Nov. B.— A. Greeninger,
George T. Dunlop, F. Stock, T. A. Gra
ham and Frank Covey have been named
as delegates to the convention of the
California Association for the Storage of
Flood Waters to be held in Saji Fran
cisco on November 15.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. B.— The Board of
Supervisors of Marin County has
selected the following five delegates to
the convention of the California Associa
tion for the Storage of Flood Waters, to
be held In San Francisco on November
IFi: Supervisors George E. Ring and
Johannes Petersen, Editors James H
Wilkins and S. 11. Olmsted, and District
Attorney Hugh J. Mclsaac.
American Kidnaped.
SEATTLE, Nov. B.— The attention of tho
I State Department at Washington has
been called to the case of Mark Everett,
I an American miner confined In tho pro
i vinctal jail at Kamloops, B. C, awaiting
trinl on a charge of stage robbery. It is
alleged that Everett was kidnaped
across the line from Republic, Wash., by
Canadian officers. When within four
miles of the boundary it is alleged Ameri-
Can Officers overtook the party with the
prisoner and attempted to serve a writ
of habeas corpus, but were driven back
by the Canadians at the point of revol
vers, and Everett was spirited to the
i other side during the hours of darkness.
ARGUING THE
WAR TAX CASE
People Versus Express
Companies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. B.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day began the
b< uring in the rase of the Merchants' As
| Bociatlon of New York, brought in the
name of William Crawford, against the
A Jams Express Company, to test whether
I the express companies or the shippers
should pay the war revenue tax charged
upon pacKages sent by express.
Frederick K. Kellogg opened the case
for the merchants and was followed by
Charles Steele for the express companies. |
1 It was contended on behalf of the mer- j
chants that the tax was imposed exelu- |
! aively upon the business of transports.- j
i tion and was intended to be borne by the !
carrier in all cases where it accepted
goods for transportation; and also that
! the imposition of this tax upon the car
, rier precluded it from relieving itself of
: the expense by refusing to accept goods |
(or transportation unless the unwilling
shipper himself assumed the burden.
It was argued that the refusal of the
express companies to carry packages
I upon which the tax had not been paid was j
an unlawful and unreasonable restriction
! of trade and ihe court was asked to en
join them from making such refusal.
Mr. Steele, as counsel for the express
companies, took the position that the war
i revenue tax was not intended by Congress |
I to be imposed exclusively upon the ex
press company, even In the first instance,
; but that it was placed simply upon ihr.
transaction of shipment, to be paid indif
ferently by either party; and that even
if the express company were compelled
exclusively by the statute to pay the tax
in the first instance, yet it was left free
to relieve Itself of this expense by refus
ing to accept express packages for trans
portation unless the shippers agreed to
assume the burden.
Mr. Steele assorted that the Adams
Company carried about 2^.000,000 packages
j annually. The tax upon these would
i amount to $250.000, or 2' 2 per cent of the
nominal par value of the company's cap
i ital stock. This, he argued, would be un
reasonable, while if |mid by the shipping
public it would not be felt.
The hearing will continue to-morrow.
YUKON RIVER IS
FREE FROM ICE
Nine Murder Cases About to Be Tried
by the District Court in
Juneau.
SEATTLE, Nov. B.— The steamer Cot- |
tnge City arrived to-day with late Yukon !
aews. Ex-Governor John H. McGraw of j
| this State has been appointed United |
States Court Commissioner at Cape \
' Nome, 'Warm weather is reported on the ;
! Yukon and the river lias cleared of ice
! again, enabling several more steamers to
move. Th< Canadian Development Com
pany is establishing relief and supply ;
posts at Intervals of twenty miles along
the Yukon between Bennett and Daw
son.
The United States District Court con
vened at Juneau November 1. Nino men
charged with murder are booked for trial.
the most Important of which Is the case
against J. Homer Bird, formerly of New
i mli ans, who must answer to the. accusa- '
i tlon of murdering K. H. Patterson and
| James Hurling on the Yukon a year ago. ]
SANTA CRUZ WEDDINGS.
Bey. James B. Orr Unites Two Popu-
lar Young Couples.
SAXTA CRUZ, Nov. B.— Two prominent
society young people of this city were
married to-day at the home of Mrs. J. R.
Williamson, on T-incoln street. The couple
were Harry Wanzer, the deputy postmas
ter, and Miss Jean Graham, principal of
the l,aurel School. The home was beau
tifully decorated for the occasion. The
ofllciatiiiK clergyman was Rev. James B.
Orr of the Congregational church, of
which the bride is a member. The
bride was attended by Miss Mabel Mer
rill and the groom by L. E. W. Fioda.
; Another wedding was also solemnized
i this morning, when two popular young
people. E. Alfred Maddock and" Miss
Marian Theodora Hodgdon, were married
at the home of the bride"s parents, Mr.
and Mrs. George Hodgdon. Rev. James
B. Orr of the Congregational church offi
ciated. After congratulations an elab
orate wedding breakfast was served. The
cuuple will make their home in Salinas.
WILLIAM JOHNSON MISSING.
Fears Entertained for the Safety of
the "Blacksmith Politician."'
NOVATO, Nov. S.— William Johnson,
the "blacksmith politician," well known
throughout Marin County, has been miss
ing for two days and the circumstances
are such that to-day Sheriff Taylor and
i District Attorney Mr Isaac were asked to
, make an investigation. Johnson has lived
I here for twenty-five years and has the
i reputation of being an honorable and up
i right man.
He went to the house of a man named
George Hedges Sunday night and slept
there. He has not been seen since. No
! vato Creek has been dragged for the
body and searching parties have scoured
the marshes, but no trace of Johnson was
; discovered. He has been drinking heavily
of late and the general public entertains
the suicide theory, but there are many
who hint at foul play.
WOMAN'S PLUCKY FIGHT.
Valiantly Defends Herself Against
an Italian Ranch Hand.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. B.— Mrs. S. Obitz,
the keeper of an Inn on the Petaluma
road, was attacked by an Italian ranch
hand named Antone Muretto yesterday
nml would doubtless have been severely
Injured had she not defended herself so
vigorously with a chair that her assailant
was reduced to insensibility.
The attack was the result of Mrs. Obitz
making a suggestion regarding the repair
of Murreto's wagon, which had broken
down in front of her place of business.
After laying the man low the woman
went after an officer. When she returned
Bhe ftxind that Muretto had recovered
consciousness, repaired his vehicle and
departed for parts unknown. Before she
was able to use the chair Mrs. Obitz re
ceived a heavy blow that left her shoul
der lame.
FLOOD INQUEST.
Laura Gillian Charged by Coroner's
Jury With Murder.
SITISUN, Nov. B.— An inquest was held
at Vallejo yesterday on the remains of
John Flood, who was murdered last Sat
ur.lay evening. The jury returned a ver
dict that Flood came to his death by
bleeding from a knife wound caused by a
weapon in the hands of Laura Gillian. a,nd
charged her with the murder. Immedi
ately after the inquest the woman was
taken before Justice Brown and arraigned
on a charge of murder. The preliminary
examination will take place at Vallejo
Saturday morning.
Will Clear the Yukon.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Not. B.— The Can
adian Government will begin operations
as soon as ice has been solidly formed to
clear the Yukon River of the obstruc
tions from the menaces to navigation re
ported at Rink Rapids, Thirty Mile and
Five Finger Rapids. Ann appropriation
of $50,000 has been made for the work.
The Dominion teleghaph line is to be ex
tended from Dawson to Fifty Mile.
McCook Denies Charges.
SEATTLE, Nov. B.— Colonel J. C. Mc-
Cook, American Consul at Dawson, ar
rived here to-day. Regarding the charges
against him of drunkenness and other al
leged disgraceful personal conduct so
often made by American miners, Colonel
McCook said they are untrue: that they
originated with the thug element of Daw
son. Colonel McCook is en route to Phila
delphia.
Death of a Pioneer.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. B.— Benjamin F.
Dam. a pioneer resident of the Wheatland
district, died at his farm near the latter
place at 5 o'clock this morning of typhoid
fever. He has resided in Yuba County
since ISS4 and served six years as Super
visor. He was a native of Massachusetts
and 58 years of ago. A widow, two daugh
ters and a son survive him.
MARRIAGE VOWS
SAID AT MIDNIGHT
Bridegroom's First Wife
Frustrated.
Special IMepatch to The Call.
TOPEKA. Kans., Nov. B.— W. I. Allon.
until recently assistant general manager
of the Rock Island road, and Miss Joseph
ine Deitrieh wore mnrried a few minutes
before midnight last night at the home of
the sister of the bride in this city, by Pro
bate Judge Dolman.
A few minutes later Mr. Allen's first
wife, from whom he was divorced last
May. and their young daughter, Bynl.
stepped off a Santa Fc train. They had
dime from Chicago to prevent the mar
riage.
All the arrangements had been complet
ed to have the ceremony performed at
Grace Cathedral at noon to-day. When
Mrs. Allen learned this morning that she
had arrived too late, Bhe said:
"The fact that Mr. Allen is married will
make no difference so far as the legal pro
ceedings are concerned. I intend to press
the suit to have the divorce set aside, for j
I was coerced Into signing the petition and
did not know whnt 1 was doing when 1 ap
peared in court when the divorce was
granted. I was then Buffering from the j
effects of a drug that was given to me to
quiet my nerves."
Death of Jacob Bright.
LONDON. Nov. B.—Jacob Hrißht, a
brother of the famous John Bripht, and
chairman of John Briprht & Brother's of
Rochdale, is dead. He was born in IS2I.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACI-: HOTEL.
E J Beylor, S Matpo M Roberts, Guatemala
A D Keyes, 6 Mat*., Mrs M Roberts. Guate-
Mrs A I) Keyes, 8 M mala
W Q Ebbs, NT JI C Moore, S Jose
L II Moore. NY L H Rosenthal, Guate-
A Hill. Mich < mala
i J Hatch, S Jose 'A Z Blanco, San Sal-
Ny H Watklns, Cal vador
B L Spencer, Cal M M Rosenthal. N T
J P Castleman, SactO in M bidden, N V
\V L Wilson. U S N Mrs Browning, Chgo
J B Snarpe. N T Mrs F H Bugbird, Lon-
D Rivers. N V j don
F M Moores, 1., Ang PrOD Norton V S X
i Miss H L Wilson, Cal \V L Woodrow. s Jose
Miss M C Hind Cal O E Nevar V Robles
G H Robinson, Utah R E Jack. Cal
W T Hair, Seattle IE S Barney, Sweden
! Mrs W T Haig, Seattle! Mrs M J Robinson,
I T X More, Vancouver Mississippi
A V Stewart, Chgo >S Birch, Alaska
T M Murphy, Pt Louis }' C Jurs Jr. Cal
] Mrs C H Fry?, Seattle H Williams, USA
Miss J Frye. Seattle W E Enstee. Boston
A M More, Tesla C M Weed, Boston
W E Clark. N V I • Bar.<to. Denver
F G Canelo, S Jose Mrs S Baretn, Denver
Mrs 1' G Canelo. S Jose J Harvie, England
E T Stlmson, Los Ang C Knepper, V S N
R V Ellis, Hanford Mrs C Knepper, Cal
H Gotschalk, Chgo T B Bretherton. Cat
W McFarland. L Ang F Palmer. N V
T Kimura, Tokto Mrs F Palmer. N T
C T Weeks. Chicago C J Ryan, Va
Mrs C T Weeks. Chgo Z H Madison, U S N
Miss M Hlnes, Chgo
GRAND HOTEL. •
A W Brooks, Stockton J J Hibberon & w, Cal
A T Hendrlcks. N V II L Gilbert, Portland
P Sanford, N York C II Duncan & w, Cal
E M Carr, Pinole E D Severs, Cal
W S Kllllngsworth.Cal P Musto, Stockton
D H Osborn, SactO A C Huston. Woodland
J D Lamprey, Nev City "U' S Wall, Woodland
DrAE Osborne &w, O C Helse, Manila
Eldrldge Dr B Flahm, Guate-
Mrß C E Kent, N V mala
M Robinson, Knoxlvlle A F Eaton, San Jose
II A Smith. Presidio F E Sharkey. N York
A R Cullogh, Pinole W R Stout, Danville
T Adams, Oakland I J Harley, Presidio
A Johnson, Oakland W Pingstone, Presidio
J H Nicholson, Oakld D A Chandler, Persidio
D Irishman, Uklah B F Shaw, Va
J H Gardner, R Vista J E Hays, Los Angeles
T R Stockett Jr. Seattle II S Wanzer & w, Cal
If F Martin, Seattle A J Hlhn & w, Stocktn j
! E D Whitney, Chicago J X Patto ,Tr & ;•:, Cal
: C R Edjferton, Chicago Miss C II Eaton, Sacto
R A de Morlvhy, Hoi- O W Dunn & w, Cal
land v . IN D Coates, Fresno
R H Dunn. Salt Lake J D Matthew, Cal
E G Eldredge, Cal W V Carolan. Colo
', J E Brown. Boston D Campbell, Los Ang
I G Motheral, Vlsalia R V Kyi-. Montreal
M B Tuttle, Watsonvle W S Squire. San Jose
W P Flußsoy. Ind Rev Pr O'Meara.S Jose
I A L Preston, Sta Clara N Wilson, Cal
M C Knapp &W, Cal J Ragrio, Cal
II E Picket, Placervle J Sunderland, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J McWilliams. NY |O A Knott. Iselton
C F Bostwick & f. N Mrs M J Carr. L An?
A Belfgen, Washington . Mrs M Campbell, L An
Mrs E Pinkus, L An? i E E Fops &w. S Jose
Miss S Eaton, L Ang A II Wiseman & w,
T Sibrian, San Jose Wells
P Allen, Selma J J Wiseman&w, Wells
C Carlson. San Jose IW D Murray. Pa
M Cahill, Chicago Mrs Haney. San Jose
F M Prints:, Isleton A Dormer, Fresno ■
J D Ritchie, Isleton P Morris, Ohio
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Eighth Page.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 8.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, 9 days from Eu
reka,
SAILED.
Wednesday, November 8.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Seattle and Van
couver.
Btmr Navarre, Hig-glns. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, Portland.
Stmr Weeott, Burtls, Eureka.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Nov 7— Br ship Oranasla, at Ham
burg, for San Francisco, grounded In the Elbe
during fog and struck heavily; tugs trying to
float her. Nov B— Was assisted off. and pro
ceeded.
Later — Br ship Oranasia, previously reported,
again aground in the river Elbe; It is being
lightened.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived Nov S— Stmr Cottage
City, from Dyea.
Sailed Nov S— Stmr Miami, for San Francisco.
BAN DON— Nov 7— Schr Coqullle, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov B— Schr Charles Han
son, for San Francisco; schr Western Home,
for San Francisco; schr Jennie Thelin, for San
Francisco; schr Falcon, for San Francisco;
Btmr Empire, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov B— Stmr Alliance, from Astoria;
echr Abbie, hence Not 3.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov Haw
stmr San Mateo, from Comox.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 7— Schr C H Mer
chant, for Tacoma. Nov — Stmr Pasadena, for
Eureka.
Arrived Nov — Stmr Ruth, hence Nov 6.
— Arrived Nov B— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Nov 7.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov B— Br ship St Mungo,
for Queenstown.
OLYMPIA— Nov Schr Dora. Bluhm.
for San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Nov B— Schrs Repeat
and Webfoot, -for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Nov B— Stmrs Westport and
Samoa, for San Francisco; schr erena Thayer,
for San Pedro.
Arrived Nov B— Stmr San Pedro, hence Nov 7.
PORT BLAKELRY-Salled Nov Bktn Les
lie D. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov B— Schr H
D Bendixen, from Honolulu; schr Robert H
Hind, hence Oct 30, for Nanaimo.
Sailed Nov B— Bark Gatherer, for San Fran
cisco; schr F S Redtleld, for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov S— ship Drumlan
rig, from Seattle; stmr Washtenaw, hence No
vember 4.
Sailed Nov ■ 7— Br ship Lady Isabella, for
Delagoa Bay. Nov S— Bark Gatherer, for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Nov 7— stmr Warrlmoo.
for Vancouver.
IQUIQUE— SaiIed Nov B— Or bark Blrma. for
San Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed Nov 7— Br stmr Glenogle,
for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Nov 7— Br ship Lao
mene. tor Bristol.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov B— Stmr Ala
bama, from Galveston.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov B— Stmr Oceanic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr Amster
dam, from Rotterdam.
Sailed Nov S— Stmr Friesland. for Antwerp
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov B— Stmr Sylvania,
from Boston: stmr Cambroman. from Montreal
GLASGOW— Arrived Nov B— Stmr Fumessia.
from New York. ■
• BREMEN— Arrived Nov Stmr Kaiser Wll
holm der Oroßse. from New York, via Cher
bourg and Southampton.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. il i:
fciOUKT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Bun . Francisco via Sausallto i'>rry.
Conimenclrif SUNDAY. October 1. 1839.
WEEK DAYS— »:SO a. m. and 1:46 p. m.
SUNDAYS— l«: 00 a. m. and 1:16 p. a. '
F*r> 8 t to Surr.rnlt and Return, SI 40.
TUOB. COOK it HON. A«U.. 621 Msr>t»t St.
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABM' 9»T. Established
in 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseiiscs, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wpari ngon hrirlyttnrlrnlnd'iti'.d
Skin Diseases, 'I'hp doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
CurraeiiKranfrrd. Callorwrit*-..
Dr. J. *'. UXBBOHt. Box 1937, 5au Francisco
BATXBOAD TRAVEL.
SOITIII-ltN I*A«IFI€ COJIPANT.
(PACIFIC SVKTKM.I
Trains Irnvv ami iir<* «■"•• to arrive nt
man Flt.tN('l«< O.
■ (Main Line. Foot of .Market Street.)
leave — From October 29, 1899. — arbivi
•~:«O\ Benicia, £t'.isun and Sacramento.... •7:4.'Jp
•7:OOa. AlarysviUe. Oroville via WiK>rt»nd,
Elmira, Vacavtllo and Kums'.'y *J:4Sp
•7:00 a. Shasta Express- 1) Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland •7«<sp
•"::»»* Martiner., .Sanltaiuon. Vallejo, N»p»,
Oalistoga aud Saut* Rosa # oil3p
•*:OOa Tho Overland limited-Oeden,
Omaha, Chicago »3:13*
•S:UOa San .lose, I.ivcrmorc, Stockton,
love, Sacramcuto, riacerville,
MaryatilU", Chico. lted lllnlT •4:15r
•S:II0a •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora M:lsp
•»:OO* Hnpvaniß, Nilesand Way Stations. •! 1:15 a
•!):OOa Atlantio Express— Ogden and East *«:45a
•>ls«<»a Jlartiutz, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno «l 2:1: 1
•!I:(i»a Port Costa, l'reisno. Mojave and I.o«-
Annies. # «:45p
•IO:OOa Vallujo, Martinez and Wny Stations *~:1->P
•I : :OOa iraywards, Niks and Way .Stations. # ai43p
•|!t:O«.ii Hlleg, I.iTCrmorc, Stockton, Bacra-
mcuto, Meudota, Ilauford, Viaalia,
rcrtcrvlllo •**!»*
■fl:OOr Sacramento r.ivorStcninerfi t*:<><>P
•3:OOp Ilaywards, Nilea mid Way Stations. *»t4(lp
•l:O»p M:\itinor, (San Hfiiiion, Vullejo,
Nairn, I'alißtoßn. Santa Itosa »l)il»A
•4:«»«>p Benicia, Vacavil'o, Baci>iiiieiito,
Woodland, KniKbts Landing,
J.laryßTillp, Orovillo »IO:-IBa
•-liUOpNUcs, Kan Ji io and Stockton »7ii3»
•s:OOpTho Owl Limited— Fresno.
Bakersfield, fjangns for Santa Bar-
bara, I.os Ancles ."H'f »*■
•3:30p Stockton, If creed, Fresno MX: lap
•s:Hor Fresno, l.akerslifld, Santa Rarlmra,
Los Angeles, Doming. El Paso.
New Orleans and Kast *Bs4(»a
•3t»»p Santa Va Koiile— AUauUe Kipress
rorMo>tt.*.irt ISnst .2 V*
*6:OOr Ilaywards, Kilca and Ssn Jose L.i .5*
iv-:toi- V'lllclo •U:li»p
•«:':j<> i- Oriental' ion and East .... *Bisop
17:001- Vallcjo. Tort Costa and Way Sta-
tions :9i33p
•8:05r Oregon and California Kx|»ross,HaO-
rm..cnti>. Murjsvlllo, "ft «^.SA
l'ortliin.l. rngeh Hound nnd Kmt *W:lsa.
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iniigc).
(Foot or Market Street.)
•B:l3ANewark,Cc]itcrTille,.SaiJ.loae,l'>lton,
BoulderCreek,BaiitaCruxaudWay
.Stations •3t»0»
Newark, OonterviUe, Ban .lose, HOW
Aimadoii, Fulton, Boulder Oreek,
Santa Cruz and Principal
BtOioM t . ! J?*
Newark, .San Jobs, Los Gatos. *»•»•*
(1 1: 4.1 p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations * ' >aoy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN rillßGlSCO— Foot of M»rket Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 9:00 ll:00.\.M. 11:00 *2:00 13:00
•i:CO 15:03 »6:C3r.»«.
rrotnOltUNß— Fo«l or Brondw.j.— "C:oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
t!2:CO «l:00 12:03 *3:03 ti-03 "B:OatM'.
COAST lUTISION (Broad (ianfrc).
(Third :iiulTounseiHl Sts.)
1C:1 OA Ocean Visw, South Han Kranclaco.. t6iBOP
•7:OOa Kan Jom and \V«y Stations (New
Almadeii Wednesdays oulj) »l:80*
•oiOOa f*ai- Jose, Tres I'lucis, Si., til Cruz,
l'acillc Orote. Taso RobleS, Hail
Luis Ol.i»iu>. Surf, Lomi>oc and
l'rlnclpal Way Stations IniSf
•1O:4Oa San Jose mi I Way Slatlons .2'?«t
•11>3Oa San Joso and Way .Stations........ "OiaOF
ta:43pSau Mateo, Redwood, Mtnlo Park,
Talo Alto. Hanta<'lara, Sun .lose,
Tres I'inos. Kanta Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and I'acino (irove ' t *2 l s?*'
♦3i«»p San Jose and Way Stations ........ ,£ x .^
San Josoand Principal Way .Stations *9««A.
t»:OOp San Josoand Principal Way Stations J»:O»a
•3:30p San Joso and Principal Way Stations ■ I ° 9 *-
•O:HOp San Jose and Way Stations *._.,»*
MI:4&P San Jose and Way Stations *«»«*«p
' A for Morning 1' for Afternoon.
•Dally. t buiiday excepted. J Sunday only.
■ 6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
i Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
I road, with the highest class accommodations.
! Connecting: train leaves San Francisco at
j 5:00 p. m.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
FRIDAY, SUNDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
i Every day in the year. Pullman Palace and
' Upholstered Tourist Cars leave for Denver,
; Kansas City, Chicago and the East. Take Mar-
ket-st. Ferry at 5:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton, Fresno. Hanford, Visalla.
Tula re and Bakersfield, furnishes good local
train service.
San Francisco office, 628 Market St., telephone
Slain 1531.
; Oakland office, 113 Broadway.
i Sacramento office, 201 J street.
Sgn Jose office, 7 West Santa Clara street.
OENIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
IjHISSEJHI
Sim FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoa Perry, Foot of Market G*.
*7?^.£***r?*>> >:«2j S "^o R t F m E : L i2:SS.
3 . ;, I'a 10 ' 6:B ° p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
I and lU-zK' m ' Saturdays— Extra trips at '1:50
ana 11 :5fl d. m. 9:3 °- "-"O a. m.; 1:30. S.-Sfl.
BUNDATS— S:00. 9:30. 11.00 a. m. : 1:30. 3:SfIL
5:00. «:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:CO, 9:20, 11:10 a. m • 12-«,
8:40. C:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips a?
I:o5 ana 8:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— :10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. 8:40, 6-Clw
8:25 D. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave ~" ~ " Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
1 j October 15, ■
Week [ Sun- 1699. Sun- Weak
Days. days. f Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:06 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pml Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
f -.30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lyttcn,
Geyservllle,
/rSO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:23 pa
T:3O am Hopland and
f 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am j 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm . ■ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10 am
3:80 pm 5:00 pm ] 7:85 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Sksggs
Springs; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's,
Bucknell'E. Sanhedrln Heights. llul!'iHe, Orr'»
Kot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, ■ Willltta, Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scctia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at ro-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trie tickets to ail point*
■beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bld».
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager Gen. Pass. At-nt.
NORTH PACIFIC ' COAST RAILROADT
Via Soasalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, ISS9.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET!
1 AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— I:OO. »D:3O, 11:00 a. m.; I:4*
•3:40, 5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
E3iTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley *nd San Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
at $:00 and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDAYS-«S:00, M 0:00. 11:30 a. m.; I:UL
8:15, *4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCOt.
WEEK DAYB-6:25. «6:85. 7:45. »S:4O a. blj
•12:30. 2:15, '3:40. *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS--*:*). »S:CO. "10-00. »U:45 a, m.l
•1:40. '3:11. 4:45, »6:SO p. m. " •
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:55. 9:43 a. mTs
1J:»5, 2:35. *:45. 5:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 2:15. 3-ja.
,-.W. 6:44 p. m
THROUGH TRAINB.
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and warstattont.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and 'ay stations.
%M ft. m, Sundays— TomalM *ni way gu^lt«a^
1112
POLICE TAKE A HAND IN
JOE HARVEY'S BIG GAME
Successful Raid Follows the
Expose by The Call.
Six Players and a Fine Faro Layout Cap
tured and Carted Off to the City
Prison as a Result of the Haul,
AS a result of the startling expose
I y The Call a few days ago
the police swooped down on Joe
Harvey's Mason Btreet M
Carlo last night arvl apprehi
a coterie of high-da ers tickling
tho magic Btrini
their crisp bank rolla aj
faro layout us ■ r • Into
uds of the Police Department.
Captain Wlttman and Serg<
assisted by Patrolmen Gillen, Phillipi
C P. Berry, made the successful raid,
and as a result Asa Hamilton, Billy Dor
mer, Henry Wittam, Sid Johnsi n, Edward
Brooks and A. I-. Brown were cart(
to the City Prison, -where they wen
booked or: I entering a gambling
i
When the gamblers arrived at the City
Prison- they were still suffering from the
Burpi 'ins the unexpected raid,
which 'waa augmented by the announce
ment that they would only have to fur
nish US bail apiece. Three or four of the
bund ■ down Into their pockets
I i produce the • coin just as If
they- were standing at some bar ord
refreshments. ] aer quickly drew
forth .the bail money for the crowd and
they walked out ■•. the prison triumphant
ly, leaving Captain Wlttman and Sergeant
Brew : r faro laj out.
When i*b t exposed the gam
blers and opened Chief Lees' eyes '
fact that an unlawful establishment
conducted by J'Xi Harvey at 143
n street under the sobriq
rnia Club, the venerable
•• '1 the idea, and when Captain Witt
man and.h broke in on the gam
blers and. found them indulging In the
dns of seductive faro they
Ily urprisi
The • police had planned the raid for
Tuesday night, but the election k-jpt the
gamblers away, and it was decided to
wait until last night. Promptly at 8
o'clock'. Captain Wittman and Sergeant
Shea appeared with their assistants clad
In citizens' .clothes. They loitered about
the neighborhood for some time and then
took positions in doorways across the
street from' Harvey's den of Iniquity to
watch the gamblers enter the place.
Serj t, who has engin<
more than one successful gambling raid
1:; Chinatown, waa detailed I
the back yard of the gamblers"
"MAMMY" WRITES
AND GRILLS THE
BENCH AND BAR
Voices Her Opinion of
Executors.
"Mammy" Pleasant
« vigil at the "House of
Mystery" and went to live in "Geneve
,cc," as she pleases to call her ilttle
home at 2309 San Jose avenue, a:. 1
of the surroundings of Geneve Cottage
Mammy draws Inspiration for the
md expression of ad
opinion of .. . ■ ■'
yet • During the hearing
of various matters in relation to the
•o, Judge Coffey recently
charged "Mammy" with too much Inter
ference in the' Bell household. Now
"Mammy" comes bark, and in a letter
points out what she terms Judge Coffey*s
insincerity and t: • Lednesa of
lawyers, who have plucked Bell plums
until their pockets bulge.
"Mammy's" letter reads:
■ - Ooftey- I wrote to your honor asking
an interview; 1 called according to the ap
point: ■ In your chambers
. all doors in the
courtroom locked. Then t called the next
ra were rtill i'-ck^i. Then I
In the next morning. I foui
:-• n aril I walked in and
Murry came out of the hark
. - ■ irt, and asked
me what 1 I re and how I kh in. I
. -ADVERTISEMENTS. J
~/t Gross CierK |
Is a rarity. For the most part the young
woman behind the counter is smiling and
obliging, though her back hurts, her
side pains, or her head throbs distract-
ingly. The wonder is, not that a clerk
is sometimes irritable, but that she so
rarely shows ir- rvv, \ V . . ' I
ritation, when cv- bJ\vl \s"'
cry nerve is quiv- |^v\ Nj Ot.
to hold her head j ■ :^WL A^OHB]
condition, head- '/'^^^.Jjp' lSeST^,
ache and weak- =^I- raf^s£s>vj
ness, which are the tT^^ggSt^p^
results of irreg- I . -g^t^^gt-^^
ularity or a dis- .... I^&SMM&Mh
eased condition of ~^r-^^^^3al^a
the womanly or- ■ —
gans, can be en- " !__——^atl
tirely cured by the .— jftw -y*, "^ WO.
use of Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescrip- I /fjfifSg
tion- It regulates if I J |gk
the functions, I / // I jgpa
stops enfeebling !/ / | I, £&£
drains, strength- If I
ens the nervous If J 1 1 fegiii
system and pro- I fl%Vy
motes the gene % 1 i i?|rt*
health of the en- ! / gj,jgs
tire body. j ij 1 p^^
Sick women are I(I I B^
invited to consult pit L_ +. '&&%.
Dr. Pierce by let- c^Jf-r^;*. IMJ
ter, free of charge. ' — ' ~7y^
All corresrxmdence private. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
"Having used Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion and 'Golden Medical Discovery' dunr.g
the past year," writes Mrs. Mattie Long o?
PfoufsVafley Perry Co.. Pa., «I can truthful y
recommend the medicines for all female weak-
ness ™ have used several .bottles of 'Favorite
Prescription.' which I consider a great blessing
Xa P k women. I was so nervous an d to
wonderfully. Thanks to Dr. Pierce."
Dr. Pierce s Pleasant Pellets cure
dizziness and sick headache.
paradise and at a signal from the posse
in front break in the rear door with a
sledgehammer.
One by one the gamblers showed up to
play their quiet little game, and they
tripped lightly upstairs and pave the
password to the lookout at the door.
. Captain Wittman concluded that
the gamblers were at their game he pave
: en the signal and they charged
across the street and up the flight of
stairs leading to the resort
Several well aimed blows from a sledge
hammer in the Wlttman Bplin
tered thp massive door and before Its
•■ red fragments fell to the richly car
peted hallway Doorki ks was un
der arrest and the Captain and his men
wi-re upstairs ready to assault the door
leading to the private gambling room.
Before the gamblers had time to make
their escape oi r away the evi
dences of their guilt the police had
•i open the. frail door and placed
them under arrest. They had successfully
secreted all their money In tln'ir po< ■
but the faro layout lay uncovered on an
oak table, which was kept as a substitute I
for a regular faro table because of police
tion. The raiding posse searched]
the house fmm top to bottom, but did not
• 1 in finding anything save vacant
B and well-supplied sideboards. Hvi
. light night at the cozy re
treat.
As soon as it became known that the
police had raided Joe Harvey's den a
I quickly gathered in front of the
. and the policeman on me beat had
his hands fuil dispersing It.
The news of the raid spread rapidly
on the tenderloin and before Captain
Wittman and his prisoners arrived at the
City Prison several inquiries were made
over ne by parties who were
ms, to ascertain
the r. ■ mblera who were ar
i ested.
"We had very little trouble in making
the raid." said Captain Wittman at the
City Prison as the gamblers were being
booked. "Sergeant Shea and Patrolman
Barrj an entrance by breaking
: . '. we smashed in
■ We had them corni red
ift, nnd if there had been any
riing In any of the rooms
they could not have made their escape."
told him I had come for my answer to the
note I had written you asking for an interview.
I saw by that that you were expecting me. I
had to he in court at 10 o'clock and it was past
10 o'clock. I got up and spoke to Mr. Martin
and told him to tell you I would be back at 4
o'clock [that was the time that was appointed
the three calls I had made before). Mr. Martin
told me you said you would not see me, so I
need not come. It seems scarcely worth while
for a Judge of the court to so far forget his
dignity as to leave such a message for any
one that he had spoken bo often about in
court c.~o it has been repeated to me). 1 am
not a coward and I will see any one In self
defense. Mr. Martin knew there had been
something said, for he tried to screen you by
paying you had never mentioned my name. I
have always understood that you had a great
deal to say about my influence with Mrs. Bell
and the children. Now, Mr. Bell was a gen
tleman, and he knew what I was there for.
and I knew -what I was there for; he knew
what my influence was in his family. He
should have known after twenty odd years, and
died satisfied with me, and It shows very poor
taste for any one after all of these years to
try to Interfere from the bench or elsewhere
(as it has been . reported to me). Mr. Bell's
friends have no such Ideas, for they sent me
word last summer from Glen Ellen to come
and bring Reginald BelL He was up there
living in the servants' quarters, uncontrolled by
anybody, drinking with the men and any one
who came along- the mad. If I had gone up
and brought him down as I ought to have done i
I should have been censured and called a very
bad woman. If Mr. Bell had been alive he j
would have expected me to have gone up and i
brought Reggie down, and Mr. Bell would have
Foon silenced those who said I had too much |
influence. I never heard of that boy drinking ;
or getting drunk before last summer, and he i
was there all summer. I have had a good deal i
to say about the executors and lawyer for the j
Bell estate selling their assets to pay their |
own debts. I told It to the lawyers and now '
I have told to to you. That would be a very good i
thing- for you to Bay from the bench, if you must
say something, and I will prove it to you.
These are the kind of things I have been Bay
ing that mnkes me such a bad woman in the
f-stimation of people that are not straight them
selves. I have said them to the principals them
selves. Of the two 1 would prefer to be a i
corpse than a coward! 1 saw one of the j
brothers yesterday from the St. Mary's Col- j
lege, and I would not insult Brother Hugh by I
sending such a message, that he had been re
fused to be Fern, Rnd I am more than glad I
that he does not know who I went to see with
him. When the bill for the boys was not paid
I gave Brother Hugh my personal note and
paid it when it was due to keep the boys in the i
Catholic scl mi. I also told Mother Elizabeth
how the Bell estate was being distributed and
if there was nothing left I would
pay the two hundred and some odd
dollars, for that is what Is due them
now. The executors and lawyer for the Bell
estate were bringing law suits ngalnst the
estate and giving assets that had been paid to
people to pay their own debts. Now, this wo
man who has respect for the right and the
truth would like to have you use your influ
ence. M. K. PLEASANT.
2309 San Jose avenue, Geneve Cottage.
"Mammy" seems to have slipped a cog
when she cited the brothers of St. Mary's
College. Brother Walter, of this college,
to whom "Mammy's" letter was
forwarded, has Informed Judge Coffey
by letter that "Mammy" has seen no
brother In the college as stated in her
letter, nor has she Interviewed Brother
Hugh. Father Walter's letter <- ncluded
by an expression of gratefulness for the
consideration shown the college by Judge
Coffey in the matter of business con
nected with the Bell estate.
« ■» ■
SUICIDE OF A SAILOR.
Because a Barkeeper Refused to Give
Him Whisky He Hanged Him
self to His Bedpost.
John Weyde, a sailor, hanged himself to I
his bedpost yesterday morning- jn his room
at 213 Steuart Btreet, because the barkeep
. r downstairs refused to Kive him a drink
| of whisky on credit.
Weyde had been on a spree several days
and before froinp to hip room on Tuesday
i night : r, < i!:tf Persson,
for a drink. Persson told Weyde tha
t.a'l all that he could stagger under (■■>ni
fortably, and advised him to ko to bed.
The sailor went upstairs muttering his
displeasure, nnil appeared to be very de-
Bpondent.
.Tfihn Huppman, hip room mate, went up
foe th<> pvirpose of readlnp; the elec
tion bulletins, and when he returned, ;it 2
o'clock in the morning, found Weyde's
floHil body hanprini? to tlie b('(ipo<=t.
Weyde was unmarried, a native of Rus
sia, 40 yea rs old.
VANDERBILT WILL IS
OFFERED FOR PROBATE
Witnesses Testify as to the Genuine
ness of Their Signa
tures.
NEW YORK, Nov. The will of the
late Cornelius Vanderbilt was offered for
formal probate to-day before Probate
Clerk Washburn. All the living witnesses
to the will, which was executed June 18
1896, and the two codicils, the first of
which was executed April 24, 1897, and the
second April 4, 1899, were present and tes
tified to their signatures on the will and
| codicils. Surrogate Varnum. signed the
v accessary decree.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1899.
SHARKEY'S DEFEAT LEADS
TO A COBBLER'S SUICIDE
CRAZED from financial reverses
due to a passion for plunging on
prizefights, O. T. Lind, a shoema
ker, whose home was at 1633
Devlsadero street, committed suicide
yesterday on. the ocean beach near the
Olympic pier by swallowing the con
tents of a small bottle of carbolic acid.
Heavy losses on the Sharkey -Jeffries
fight are said to have been the imme
diate cause of the cobbler's desperate
act.
Lind chose an ideal day for such
grewsome work. The sea was running
high, the breakers beating on the sand
dunes, which Lind had chosen as the
: (-destruction, while the
rain came down in torrents and the sea
moaned a requiem. Lind had been a
habitue of the beach for some months,
although he carefully avoided disclos
ing his Identity to any of those with
whom he became acquainted. About
two months ago he attempted to com-
SEMI-OFFICIAL
FIGURES OF THE
CITY ELECTION
The Republicans Win
Three Offices.
ALSO THREE SUPERVISORS
TOTAL VOTE AS COMPARED
WITH 1896 AND 1898.
Steps Taken to Make an Effective
Republican Organization for the
Great Presidential Cam
paign of 1900.
The semi-official returns from each
voting precinct show that the number
of votes polled ,at the election last Tues
day was 52.005. At the general election
held In November, 1898, when Gage and
Maguire were candidates, the total vote
of San Francisco was 54,372. In the na
tional election In ISM, when McKinley and
Bryan were running, this city cast
62,963 votes.
From opinions expressed at headquar
ters of the Republican committee the con
clusion is reached that the Republicans
are not depressed over the repulse on the
skirmish line last Tuesday. The fact is
cited that the party elected the Sheriff,
Auditor, County Clerk and Tax Collector,
and cast more than 21,000 votes for Hor
ace Davis, the nominee for Mayor.
The public Wi.l be allowed a respite from
political agitation until next spring. In
April, probably, the agitation will be re
sumed. Doubtless the national conven
tion will meet in June; hence State con
ventions to elect delegates to the na
tional councils will probably be held
early in May. -;-
Following is the complete vote in tabu
lated form according to offices:
FOR MAYOR.
Horace Davis, R . .21,303
James D. Phelan, D 29,228
C D. Cleveland." P. P 83
J. H. Hall. 8. 1.. , 884
A. H. Coburn, S. D 162
FOB AUDITOR.
Asa R. Wells, R 24,717
Joseph M. Cummins, D 23.442
A McGinty, S. I, 9RS
Emil Liess, S. D 308
FOR ASSESSOR.
Albert Heyer, R 16,423
Washington Dodge, D 33,019
A. Q. Swanson, S. L 799
H. Warnecke Jr., S. D , 202
• FOR CITY ATTORNEY.
Charles H. Jackson, R 17.842
Franklin K. Lane, D ; 30,251
Cameron H. King Jr., S. L 1,053
The Absolutely Pure
Made from Grape
Cream of Tartar.
Baking powders made from alum and other
harsh, caustic acids are lower in price, but
inferior in work and injurious to the stomach.
.ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO- NEW YORK.
Mit suicide by .lumping off tho
Olympic pier, but was rescued before
his plunge into the ocean had a fatal
termination.
Yesterday morning: he went out to
the beach in time to see George Green
and his trainer during their early
morning walk. He talked with them
for some minutes, but gave no intima
tion that he contemplated suicide.
From the nature of his conversation
Green formed the opinion that Lind
was a harmless crank. After taking
several drinks at the resorts along the
beach the man disappeared.
About 9 o'clock Engineer Ellery
"Willis of the Olympic pumping plant,
while .examining the pier, glanced
along the beach to note the force and
effect of the storm. About a hundred
yards south of the pier he noticed a
man lying in a gully (if the sand dunes.
S.ime twenty feet from the body was
an empty bottle which had contained
FOR SHERIFF. I
John Lackmann, R 28.839 ;
Jeremiah Deasy, D 20,812 '
Leo. Gasser, S. L 882 j
George Flammer, S. D 204 j
FOR TAX COLLECTOR.
Joseph H. Scott, R 24.592
Richard P. Doolan, D 23,950
A. J. Oliver. S. L 887
Valentine Written, S. D 261
FOR CORONER.
A. D. McLean, R 13.603 1
R. Beverly Cole. D 19,682
C. C O'Donnell, P 15,581 ;
8. B. France. S. L 833 j
Emil Bihn. S. D 210
FOR PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
John Farnham. R 23,713
P. Boland D 23.984 i
Oliver Everett, S. L 1.157
Arthur R. Andre, S. D 287
FOR TREASURER.
Louis Feusier, R 23,768
Samuel H. Brooks, D 24.103:
Richard Lutge. S. L 1.134
Ernest Koeniß. S. I) 293
FOR RECORDER.
"William Z. Tiffany, R 22,168 !
Edmond Godchaux, D 23,546
H. Strunsky S. L 1,078
John Nugent. S. D 260 j
FOR COUNTY CLERK.
William A. Deane, R 26.1St>
Dennis Geary. D 22.036
U. G. Morris. S. I, 1,291
Mark Bartlett, S. D 428
Scott 4
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
Alfred P. Black, H 22,927
Lewis F. Bylngton, D 25,540
E. Chamberlain, S. L 1,003
W. C. Shepard, S. D 293
FOR SUPERVISORS.
(Eighteen elected.)
Richard M. Hots' D 27.928
Thomas Jennings, D 25,579
Henry U. Brandenstein, D 25,143
Joseph S. Tobin. D 25.127
A. Comte Jr., D 24.94* |
M. J. Fontana, D 24.809
Lawrence J. Dwyer. D 24,246
Charles Wesley Reed, D 24,156
John Connor, D 24.142 !
John E. A. Helms, D 24.043
Peter J. CurtiF, D 23,900
James P. Booth, D 23,752
A. A. D'Ancona D 23,673
Victor D. Duboce, R 23.189
George R. Sanderson, R 22.943
Charles Boxton, It 22.523
A. B. Magulre, D • 22,801
William N. McCarthy, D 22,752.
Thomas L. Henderson, R 22,620
Osgood Putnam, D 22.427
Emil Pohli, D 22.367
Emmett P. Barrett, R 22,269
I. J. Truman. R 21,694
Michael C. McGrath, D 21.601
Samuel Foster. R 21,433
Thomas H. Morris. R 20,981
Charles J. King, R 20,910
Nathan Bibo, It 20.53)
Charles Bliss, R 20.291
George T. Shaw R 20.219
D. C M. Goodsell R 20.170
William Watson. R 20,080
William C. Johnson, R 19.617
Cyrus S. Wright, R 19,250
Emll N. TorellO, R 18.914
Mllo S. Jeffers, R 18,799
G. Postler, S. L 1.126
M. Aspden, S. L 1.107
J Kroeger, S. L 1.085
| H. Frank, S. L 1.081
Orcar Bach, S. L 1.074
Thomas Bersford, S. L 1.062
E. W. Carpenter. B. L 1.054
John Dooley, S. L 1.053
Martin Hansen. B. L 1,044
H. McMahon, S. L 1.033
H. Insklpp, S. L 1.020
IJ. E. Farrell, S. L '. 1.018
i John Robertson, S. L 1.003
| W. Hefferin. S. L 1.005
H. Kldde, S. L 1.004
Leon de vtll<». B. L 1.002
B. Fedde. S. L 939
M. Schwlnd, S. L !">3
i Max Block, S. D 35.2
Fred Ptahlman, S. D 344
carbolic acid, and the burns on the
man's mouth and lips left no doubt as
to the manner of his taking off. The
manner in which the wet sand was dis
turbed gave evidence that Lind had
suffered untold agony before tho fatal
draught had completed its work. He
had rolled and kicked and clawed into
the sand over a surface fully twenty
feet square before death relieved him
from the torture of the burning poi
son.
The body was removed to the
Morgue, where it was Identified by
moans of some business cards in the
clothing. From acquaintances of the
Filicide living near his cobbler shop it
was learned that he bet heavily on the
wrong end of the Sharkey-Jeffries
fight and seemed very much downcast
over his losses. He has been drinking
heavily since the flght. He leaves a
wife. The inquest will be held this
morning.
Henry Albert Tessmen, P. P 334
August F. Meyer, S D 2.i:j
P. "VVarnecke Sr., S. D 292
Charles A. Wolff, S. D 2sß
George .Steinback. S. D 257
Robert Goldschmidt, S. D 2<*3
John Carter, S. D 275
John Camp, S. D 278
Henry Muegge, S. D 277
J. E. Scott, S. D 271
Alfred Fischer, S. D 2fi9
George Keck, S. D "<,:<
Joseph Ruef, S. D 263
W. E. Butterfleld, S. D 265
H. Rosenblough, S. D 262
Joseph J. Noel, S. D 259
Julius Inderwles. P. D 258
POLICE JUDGES.
(Four elected.)
Charles T. Conlan, I) 27,145
Edmund P. Mo.gan, D 27,073
Alfred J. Fritz, D / 26,056
George H. Cabaniss, D 22,299
Charles A. Low, R 21,150
Henry L. Joachlmsen, R 19,530
L. G. Carpenter, R. 14,875
James L. Naffle. R 13,884
A. B. Treadwell. C. R 5,453
Edwin M. Sweeney, C. R 4,0«!»
William Edlln, S. L 1,083
H. Carstensen, S. L, 1,001
L. Trompler, .S. L 953
C. Prazak, S. L 653
A
COMMENDABLE WORK
OF THE REGISTRAR
Registrar J. Steppacher is deserving of
the warmest thanks of the community for
the very efficient manner in which the re
turns of Tuesday's election were handled
by his office and furnished to the public
and the press. One has but a faint con
ception of the stupendous task before cue
Registrar in arranging for and conducting
an election— the registration, the map
ping out of the various districts, the lo
cating of the hundreds of precincts, the
selection of the officers of election, the
erection of the voting booths and their
care, and many other matters that keep
a large force busy day and night for many
months.
Mr. Steppacher has been exceedingly
painstaking in all his arrangements and
not a single little detail has escaped him.
He has been ably assisted by an excel
lent corps of deputies, most of whom are
veterans in the office of the Registrar.
Mr. Steppacher, who enjoys the esteem
and confidence of men of all parties, made
exceptionally good appointments of pre
cinct officers, as was demonstrated by the
admirable way in which the returns were
received at the City Hall, both by tele
phone and by messenger. There was
comparatively little delay, and there
was no dereliction of duty reported from
any direction.
Ihe Registrar and his deputies have
performed their arduous labors in a splen
did manner and are entitled to the high
est commendation. Mr. Steppacher has
shown himself to be a very capable offi
cer, and his excellent work on Tuesday
augurs well for the future.
Jfsse Moore "AA" whiskey is used at all prin
cipal hospitals in the United States. Why is It?
A SHORT SESSION.
School Directors Meet, but Transact
Little Business.
Last night's meeting of the Board of
Education amounted to nothing more than
adjournment. Although eleven members
of the board were present there were no
matters of any importance for considera
tion, and after the regular list of bills
was allowed the meeting was out.
September and October claims amount
ing to $10,781 25 were ordered pal-.
The resignation of Nora Daly as jani
tress of Garfield School was accepted and
filrs. L. A. Klmball appointed to the posi
tion.
Leaves of absence were granted to the
following: Mrs. S. R. Coons, C. W. Robv
F. G. Baird, Mrs. J. H. Wallace and C.
A. Templet' «n.
CHINESE FESTIVAL CLOSES.
See Yups Wind Up Their Celebration
With a Big Parade.
The five day festival of the See Yup
Society came to a close early this morn
ing. A grand parade took place about
11 o'clock last nigh,t. through the principal
thoroughfares of the Chinese quarters,
several hundred Mongolians participat
ing. Huso, grotesque figures represent
ing ancient Chinese deities, were at
tractive features of the pageant. The
streets were brilliantly lighted and the
spectacle was very striking. Early tnis
morning. The figure of the joss, Quong
Goon, in whose honor the celebration was
being held, was reduced to ashes and the
ceremonies were at an end.
ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks
Credit. M. Rothpchild. 334 Post st. •
New Bonded Warehouse.
Customs Collector Jackson was notified
yesterday by the Secretary of the Treas
ury that he had (granted the application of
Charles Searle. to establish and maintain
a new l bonded warehouse at 228 and 230
Beale street, on real estate owned by W
R. "Whitaker. The Secretary requires a
bond of $75,000.
The object 01 the establishment of the
new warehouse Is to meet the Incoming
Santa Fe traffic, that railroad being about
to build its depot In that vicinity. Mr
Searle says the road will he landing
freight there by the Ist of next January
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One doee will stop
• cough. Never falls. Try It, 25c. All druggists.'
gale's. Zj_^^^~Jg^ •
tooth brushes to-day 5-£-— ajarge^a^s^
s -—7 "the store
935 to 947 .mother
Market Street. o^^^^^ likeS "
star of garter underwear 69c
we bought 3 cases of this celebrated sani-
tary underwear, sold everywhere at %\ a
garment, we put them on sale to-day at
69c. see cut and description below :
fof^§\ extra linens
*sf^=i^fci extra In — prices may seem ordinary
'W^S§<> jV% \ ; \ enough, but you want to see the goods I
yi,V«£Gpl'^' *B''tr jK"*i judge of value:
JW&mik'J^-TM^^i''^ unbleached table damask, all .pure linen,
M^M J:^sr 7JpZ : not extra heavy, but extra wide; 70 *«*«*
&i'&sM^~J: ■ '"'' ' *?*!%& bleached" "table damask, all pure linen, a
! ! ':'s*'- i •': ''Wy< variety of patterns; 70 inches wide.. yard ">
■;■ ' ■ Jr.,' 50 pieces turkey red damask, red and whit'
' »-'l° 'J V "' mixed; 58 inches wide; regularly ?'yard-22:
V3«;t" ■; '"'. #H\|) "bleached "muslin, 36 inches wide; worth 6c:
'/Vi- I ';, ' .v\VdF a very fair quality.. -....yard 5c
juL>-wW;.-^. "M -800 pillow cases, 45x36 inches; a very good
«l y H®Hk ' muslin, with 2-inch hem '. . each 10c
l'jt\' -;ffl . ribbons
M|\f t%S'|!| an unusual display and at unusual prices;
tV-Vv "■"■■' ' .'"'H see these silk, satin, gros grain and moire
fV 1 '! 1 ")'■ ?'¥\i and plain taffeta ribbons on our center ta-
W\H[ 1* 1 ■- V ■/ bles:
\i-! \ V 1 ■: i\] No. "2, % in., satin only yard 2 l-2c
F^teW No. 5, 1 in., satin or taffeta yard 5c
ViV \ :/ No 7, 1 1 A in., satin or taffeta yard 6c
*Sa"\V*i"'" ! F No! 9, 1% in., satin or taffeta.. ..yard 8 I^3c
WrfU'ljf'i No 12, 1% in., satin or taffeta yard 10c
%^lVll'\ No! 16, 2*4 in., satin or taffeta... .yard 12 l-2c
\Sirw\ ' No. 22, 2% in., satin or taffeta yard 15c
\h''!,i U No! 40, 3% in., taffeta only yard 15c
\3 No. 40, 3% in., satin only yard 20c
\; I No. 60, 4 in., taffeta only yard 19c
w|r/ 600 yards all new fancy plaid ribbons, V' 8 in.
ivm wide; elegant fall effects yard 15c
jCHMT 1 1000 yards all silk fancy taffeta ribbon, in
jffijgri tne fall pastel colorings; cord, Persian and
' I \ hemstitched effects; ribbons made to sell
«>c» at 45c; our price until sold yard 25c
Wy i 2000 yards fancy plaid and striped hair rib-
- _ „ i bons, all silk; widths sto 7 yard 5c
celebrated "Star of Garter" u "^ ' #
vests and pants, heavy fall veiling
weight, non-shrinkable. *^""*& _. : . : "
shoulder seams covered two lots of veilings that have thronged
with 'silk, other seams with the store for two days; enough left for
worsted; cuffs and exposed choice selection:
edges silk covered; button plain and dotted silk Tuxedo mesh veil-
holes stayed; handsomely ings, in great variety of nice patterns; in
finished down front with black, brown and navy yard 10c
silk shell edge and pearl j all-silk, black and colors, Russian. Tuxedo
buttons: pants are made and Brussels net, in plain and dotted ef-
with French yoke band, fects; grenadine veilings, with large che-
drawing string and shaped nillette dots, in black and colors; chantilly
legs* white and natural border veilings in navy, gray, and tan; a
gray; sizes 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7.. handsome assortment and variety to suit
each 69c 'any fancy yard 25c
wool cheviot dress pods, 20c yd
and popular pricing on cloaks, fancy goods ,
and gloves ; some bazaar bits :
waists, wrappers, j dress goods
S9CQUCS fancy check wool cheviots, in me-
° " ; dium and dark colors; actual value
these are warm goods for winter : 30 c yard; on sale to-day and until lot
wear; might suggest Christmas giv- i s sold 20c yard
! ing of good goods. our all-wool 42-inch navy serge has
10 dozen flannelette wrappers, me- proved a revelation to keen buyers;
i dium and dark colors, new patterns; lively appreciation has caused us
I waist and sleeves lined; fitted waist anxiety about getting enough of it;
1 lining; made extra wide; full skirts, there are 12 pieces; here to-day at...
braid trimming and self-ruffles; 50c yard
sizes 32 to 44; the quality is first class;
the price is $1.50 each good gIOVeS
20 dozen eiderdown dressing sacques faH importations show attractive
in red, gray. I blue. and pink, crochet and co] our
; edge and finished seams $1 each te * every year; next y | ar ha « a tagk
10 dozen all-wool waists in red, blue before it.
and black; trimmed with fifteen rows h. B. lambskin gloves, soft and pli-
hercules braid; waist lined through- ab i e as kid, guaranteed and kept in
out with fitted linings $2 each repair free $1 pair
3-clasp Hte. Jouvin glove, real
neCkWear, | French kid: in the newest shades
I,o«/1I/Ati^hJpfc and Pitching $I.so 'pair
nanUKCPCniCIO 2-clasp misses' lambskin glove, in
200 ladies' silk brown, tan, blue, red and green
stocks, in fancy ?! Pair
£Ss; S 2? GS in C h n es little gOOd gOOdS
|M| stocks, in fancy ™* back $1 P alr
& S 2? es inc^s little good goods
Sffi! rcufcan'SS br s u t d ™° d back all - bri^ e ,o h c a a ir h
VOU ' S* ' wood" ' back ' taifif fig
flSySgr^y^ see the goods; even | b , 250 en h
W?T th , en thence Is°onfy wirehiVbrush,' wood back! eacl
r<C why the price is only s . inch hard rubber dressln g rnmb .
lOc - v M 25c each
95 dozen ladies' cambric handker- Colgate's elder flower soap.?9c cake
chiefs, some with lace edges, some Colgate's nursery powder... l9c pkg
hemstitched with lace edging and toothbrushes— your choice of many
lace insertion 12M»c each styles and makes 5 C each
3-Day Specials I VELOOR COUCHES
Our announcements are full of substan- T . , g
till bargains, told in language plain hd,T2& ASSOriHieilt.
and truthful. No matter how large our £ ° ■ <.
claims of doing, it Is a recognized fact A WnTirWfnl RflTtTfliTi
that, we substantiate all our claims with A " OHUeriUi Ddrgaill. j
the best goods in the market.
HAMS, per 11) 13^C (hH AA Is the price, and |
SSaS"^? (h / •UU you can pay for
COFFEE, I X L Blend, It) 20c 1 — Ihem cash ; or '
a delicious coffee | little-at-a-time.
at a moderate price. . I \
Roasted or ground. !j ____
Regularly 30c. ' 'I
BAH-KI-PORE CHUTNEY, tot 20c THE J. NOONAN I
£: t c Sa ate pW. FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
Regularly 25c. 1017-1023 MISSION STREET
WHISKEY, hot. 75c 3 tots $2.00 „,„„, _ f, bove s '" , ,
E. C. Berry Gallon $3.00 g. " J "" m; '-
Sour Mash Bourbon, spring '90. ' ~^rniriaufr
'M. ™15 B 20c Eastman Kodaks ' x
gegula^r mon CTIn *- REDUCED 33^ PER CENT 1
SAUER KRAUT, imported. A lbs 25c No . 2 Bn ir. Eye . wg _^oo ...
Regularly 3 lbs 25c__ No. 4 Bull's Eye. regalar $12.00. ...'. ." .'now 59.00
Christmas boxes for Manila packed by No - 4 Ctrtrid B» Kodak, regular $25. ...n0w $16.63
experienced hands and shipped free of ALL others in proportion.
charge. * "
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. /I a. if ft tV/l „
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLMORE ST., OPTICIANS 4oT^ Crnc U5 '
old^S lon c T^h, r B . L wT.fu r .- 642 Market st. instrument
T«lipaon« M»in 5522. ' ' umitK CKOnicit Bvuomc
J^^^*>v I!r R I W/llch j.*_ilBsE-l-y<>rW Big Win a non-poigonotw
Xi^S^J^^A Vl ' IV. L.. iraiMl, tf^BSS^^wM remedy for Gonorrhoea,
/S^r«iil~«B V 815% GEAHY ST bet .^Bgjr OCUEI Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
ji^li>nn r ' ii' li'it'i"^ Hyde and Larkln ' J»3ra r in lto 5 d»j«.^ Whites, unnatural li*
J^? • "^^S^^^Sij Painless Extraction. • fflrw ao*"*"" s *! • V charges, or any lnnarnma-
f^- ~-^3i^/ 500 £*•»« no to ■*>«»"«. tion. irritation or ulccra-
([•- -=^ T Crowns .... ifi^-OO IZj ° revenu eonuglon. tion of mucous mem-
>Ll : !' TI&J-**^ Flesh-colored Plates. K^ItHEEvANS CHEMIC«ICo, rane3. Non-astringenU
Ccntlnuou. Gun, Plate/ Vno" bad" VoYnM W|c'««NH ? TW -JP. W "2S " SSVSSn
epecUlty. Have received TEN first priaes for J^SJkJ 1 ' * A - >^k| by express prepaid, foi
this brweh of dentietry. No .tudenu. II *i oo o' 3 bottlX «i-a.
»_«: ««_h_^ t g, « _»