TOXUME LXXXVI-NO. 33.
INSURGENT
LEADERS ARE
QUARRELING
A^uinaldo's Cousin Has
Been Killed or Impris
oned by Gen, Trias.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON J ■■''• -■ The Nebraska, Pennsylvania ami I'tah
troops, which have beei on duty in the Philippines, have started on
their homeward journey. The following dispatch from General Otis
on the subject was received by the War Department to-day:
■ : \ The transports Hancock and Senator, with
the Nebraska, Pi insylvania and \'\:>.h troops, lefi for Sun Francisco
yesterday. Th< Nebraska carries 42 officers and 812 enlisted men,
nnsylvan era and 712 enlisted nun, and the Utah 9 of
cers and 25* ; '■• Nebraska regiment left In Manila one
sick, Private Leuterman, Company 11. and thirty (ii-charprpd: Penn
sylvania, seven discharged; Utah, twenty-nine discharged."
MAXI' ' J■ '- - v cording to th" I
latest reports from the province of
Cavite O:-- Insurgent leaders there are
guarreHng. Aguinaldo's cousin, Baldo
aldo, has been killed <>rim
y General Mariano Trias,
commander of the insurgents In the ■
pouth< irtment of Luzon, and
i f his men have deserted to Trias.
who is now at Sun Francisco de la
bon.
Yefterda> General Lawton and Pro
v. ■ f the < ommission
I lh< principal towns in the prov
»ut of w hich • ;
recently driven. Their chief pur- ['
■ ms to dii lections of the
Presidents of Emus, Bakoor and Par
and Las Pinas. Under the mv-
I system thus inaugurated the
:-nts •■!• the Mayors of the towns
: in appoint minor of
-9 and to levy taxes. wh,i<'h are to
; ended s •:• Ij in public Improve
ments.
Before acting > '•> r• ■ ■■ ". Lawton
Mr. v\ ■ ■. h > l consulted with th"
leading men Mi each town and sel<
candidates whose honesty and friendli- •
■.. \i: ci ■an rule v ere beyond
question. WTiereyer they went th-.
Americans were heartilj cheered by the !
pie.
To-morrow the public schools in M-'
--nila will open and it Is 1 that
there will children in attend
ance. One of the Instructors is the
v idow of the Filipino patriot. Dr. Ri
i ho !'i-<--|'f veri the statutes of '-he
Philippine League, and who. when ;
■ to board a steamer at Ba
lona in the autumn of L 896. was ar- .
by the Spanish authorities and
■ ■ Manila, where he was tried by
court-martial on a charge of having
organized the uprising in the Philip
pines, sentenced to death and shot on
■ that year. After her
ition Mrs. Rizal. who is
the step-daughter of a Hongkong gen-.
tleman, went to Imus and was chosen
captain of a company of insurgents.
English will be taught in the schools
one hour ' ribed
holidays include the twenty church
bserved in Manila. Washington's
birthday and the Fourth of July.
Almost every steamt r brings mis-
The arrival of one in Cebu
no tittle trouble, as the report
spread rapidly among the ignorant
b thai the Americans intended to
i them to give up their chur<
The American authorities, in the Inter
harmony, requested him to with
draw, and he complied.
The rain has fallen almost contin
uously for nine days. It lias been a
tremendous downpour and th<> whole
country is flooded. ' The trenches at;
San Fen indo are filled with water and
ih" mud is knep deep in the temporary
*<amps in s< ,-erai of the outlying towns. <
Some of th permanent camps have;
been made rly coraf rtable by the
erection of shelters, roofed and
The trai sport Hancock, which \
left yesterday th the First Nebraska]
Infantry and Ba es A and B of the
Utah Light Arti ■ nd the transport
Senator, which the Pennsyl
vania ■ several days
at Nagasaki and Y • ;■ ihama, Japan.
TROOPS TO INCREASE
GENtRAL OTIS" COMMAND
WASHINGTON, Jul; 2. Having
| lay from Major ■ ;< neral i >tis
That h<> needs 6338 men I
regular regi nents and abi . ■
for the two volunt* ■ ' - . he
was authorized to enlist about 15,000 1
men. This will actually g
men. Allowing a loss of 12 per
disease, wounds, etc., hi< h
he states as the preseni pen
be will have, instead of
an effective force of 30,000, one of near
ly 3H.000.
The War Department has antici]
th< need of men for the regular regi- j
mems, and ha? sent 2000 anassigned re
cruits to Manila within two weeks.
FYrar thousand recruits are now being
drilled at the Presidio, and will sail the
middle <<i the m »i th, leaving only 33S
pile 1 to the regular
regiments.
It is confidently predicted that by
[ght regimenta to bo or- j
■ i in this country aad 2000 men |
required for the two volunteer regi- j
ments at Manila will be ready to pi
to Otis' aid. In order to put
volunteers In an effective condition as
rapidly as possible eight military posts,
one for each regiment, will be selected
to which recruits will be sent as fol-
Plattsburg Barracks, New York;
Fort Thomas. Kentucky; Coiumbus j
Barracks, Ohio; F^rt Sheridan, Illi
nois: Leavenworth, Kans; Presidio, j
California, and probably Fort Crook.
Nebraska, and Vancouver Barracks.
a a ■■ ihlngton.
Vacancies existing is the regular
regiments under General Otis' com
ma u<\ represent men whose terms of
enlistment have expired, and not cas
ualties. Most of the vacancies exist in
regiments which sailed for Manila with
The San Francisco Call.
Merritt. Of the volunteers 11,539 still
remain in Manila, and they will h n re
turned as quickly as possible.
The fact that Otis has reduced to two |
regiments the number to be organized
nt Manila and has asked for 2000 men
to fill them up shows that he has had
much difficulty to obtain re-enlistments
of volunteers. It is estimated that he
has obtained only 800 men, not enough
to form one regiment.
Under instructions to recruiting of
ficers enlistments for three years of re
cruits intended for regular regiments,
and enlistments of volunteers for two
s. will be made. In the case of
volunteers there will be no restrictions
as to citizenship or educational quaiifi
cations. Recruiting officers have pre
viously be.n compelled to reject men
who were not citizens of the United
States, or uneducated, and have c me
as to throw out men for trivial
!. While it is intended to obtain
as high a class of men for the volun
ervice as possible it is pointed out
that the law will allow the enlistment
of recruits showing sufficient intelli
gence to perform duty as American sol
diers.
SOUTHERN FILIPINOS
ANXIOUS FOR PEACE
MANILA, July 2.— Professor J. G.
Schurman of th** United States Ad
visory Commission for the Philippines,
returned to Manila to-day from a
three weeks' trip In the southern Isl
lands. He tak^s an entirely hopeful
view of the genera! conditions there.
ntellfgent and substantial cltl- .
sens fieslre an American protectorate.
The rhaasee are awaiting the settle-
In the island of Luzon
be for* declaring themselves. They are
chiefly anxious to be undisturbed. The
president of the town of Sant" Nicolas,
in the island of Cebu, said to Mr.
Schurman: "We want peace, food and
prosperity. W<- do rmt wish to tight.
We would be neutral."
The presideni of the commission
thinks this declaration fairly expn
the sentiments of the people in thp
southern islands of the archipelago-.
Many of the towns there an- in the
hands of small bands of Tagalos, and
the people fear to indorse American;
rule until they are certain that Aguin
aldo will be beaten. Let them once be
convinced of this and the allegiance of
the southern islands, Mr. Schurman
thinks, can be secured by diplomacy.
The United States gunboat Benning
ton took Mr. Schurman to Mindanao
and the islands of the Sulu and Visayan
groups.
Mr. Schurman traveled through the
island of Negros with Colonel Smith I
and a party of natives. In several of
the principal towns lie was tendered
banquets and had an hour's conference
with the young Sultan of Sulu. who
received him in the royal audience
chamber, surrounded by a body-guard
of fierce-looking Oros.
Mr. Schurman told the Sultan that
the United States had acquired the
sovereignty of the Philippines from
Spain, but had no wish to subjugate the
population nor interfere with their cus
tom.'; or religions. On the contrary,;
the great desire of the American Gov
ernment was to help the people, of the
islands to develop their country. The
Sultan replied that he earnestly de- i
sired peace, and was anxious to con
tinue the existing treaties.
On the return voyage the president of
the commission visited the town cf Bor- !
neo, capital of British North Borneo,
where he was cordially recieved by the
British officials, who afforded him
every facility in his study of the local
government and the customs of the
people. The population he found much
like that of the southern Philippine Isl
ands. The government at present is in
a lather elementary state, but a more !
complete organization is being devel- |
"!■. d.
Senor Llorente, who is considered the
must influential nati\e tn Cebu, said to
Mr. Schurman: "I like the- American
idea of ih>' separation of church and
state, but J think it would be unwis.- to
Introduce Protestantism while condi
tions ar» sc unsettled." He has sine*
arrived in .Manila and taken his seat
on the bench of the Supreme Court.
DECISION ADMITS
EXISTENCE OF "WAR"
WASHINGTON. July 2.— By the decis
lon of the Controller of the ' Treasury that
all soldiers now In service are entitled to
cenl Increase of the payment au
■ d by Congress to f>e paid "In time
of war," admission in made by an ofn
r ip.l for the iirst time that the Philippine
erection baa reached the dignity of
"war."
Heretofore the authorities have care
fully refrained from admitting that we
;ire in a st; -. and even now none
of the administration officers outside of
those whos la to pass on ques
tions of army pay will consider the con
test in the Philippines aa anything but an
insurrection.
For obvious reasons the administration
cannot formally admit that wt> are in a
f war. The international obliga
which would result therefrom w-i.ld
fnuse nc end of embarrassment. The Fili
pinos WOUld have good reason to <:laim.
even if they did not get it. recognition of
belligerency. Such recognition, in addi
tion to increasing the risk of foreign com
plications, would seriously handicap the
Inlted States in the prosecution of war.
SAX" FRAKCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 3, 1899.
ITALIAN STATESMEN
ARE BEING ARRESTED
NEW YORK> July 2. — fl Sun cable fron) Rome
says: Signor Costa, a Socialist Deputy, was
arrested as he was leaving the Chamber oq
Saturday everjing for ao offense committed io 1895.
It is stated tfyat orders h)ave been issued for the
arrest of Deputies De F e^ ce » Aprile and Macola.
CASTLE OF ST. ONGELO, ROME.
This fortress has been famous in the history of Rome since the Middle Ages, and is now the principal
stronghold of the Government within the city proper.
CHAMBERS MAY SOON
BE CALLED HOME.
JUSTICE CHAMBERS' Press Bu- j
reau has again been discredited by
the publication this morning of a
Berlin dispatch stating that the
Cologne Oazette has h special from
Apia dated June 26 to the effect that
Malietoa Tanu will soon bo transport
ed to the Fiji Islands, and that Cham
bers will soon fallow Maxse and l:ose,
who are now on their way home. The j
Cologne Gazette has scored what is
called in newspaper parlance a "scoop"
over < 'hambers' Press Bureau, for the j
Judge has not sent out either of these
facts. The Call has also "scooped" the
Judge, for it predicted both events in j
its Samoan letter published on July L
The correspondent of the Cologne Ga- !
zette now at Samoa is Dr. Genthe, a
cultured gentleman having the title
of Ph.D. from a German university.
As representing- an official organ of
the German Government much credii
attaches to his statements, and they
may be taken as straws indicating the;
further action of the commission. Evi
dently Tanu has refused t' : beep his
part of the compact and remove from ;
Mulinuu with his followers. The j
American and German Commissioners
have insisted upc-n this, but the Eng
lish Commissioner not standing with
them has given them courage to- resist ,
the order, and it would seem as if the |
English Commissioner had been com- j
p [led to reluctantly consent to his de- i
portation.
As an instance of the unreliability <rf
the reports sent out from Apia, atten- j
tion may be called to an address to
American citizens in Samoa, purporting
to have been issued by United States
Consul General Luther W. Osborn
shortly after the overthrow of the Su- |
preme Court. This address WBJB patri
otic in tone, eulogized Judge Chambers,
stated that in America any one who
criti< Used the Supreme Court would be
severely punished, and closed with the i
exclamation: "American's, stand by '
the flag!" The address was sent out I
and published throughout the United
States; but Mr. Osborn says that be did ;
rot sign- it. nor did ho dictate a word
of it. The r'"-sr knowledge lie had of the ;
existence of the address and its signa- j
ture was received from one of the !
newspapers in which the article con- j
taining them was published. Thus were i
Osborns name and influence used {
to support the dignity of the Supreme |
Court of Samoa.
Later on, when Osborn incurred the
ill will of Chambers and others by re
fusing to perform some act which they
required of him to further their
schemes, he was charged in an article.
which was publishe". extensively, with
having refused while acting as presi
dent of the .Municipal Council to pay
the salary of young King Tanu for the
month of January, as ordered by the
Berlin treaty, and proceedings were
BY W. E. WILLIAMSON.
I instituted in the Supreme Court to com
pel the payment. The dispatch also
stated that Mr. Osborn was the only
one of the American or British officials
"who would have anything to do with
the German Consul General." Mr. <Js
born states that the whole dispatch was
misleading, and was intended to be B >•
"My duties as diplomatic and con
sular representative of the United
States and as acting president." said
Mr. Osborn, "required me to have daily
intercourse, by letter and otherwise,
with the other consular representatives
and treaty officials. It would be a pe
culiar representative of a great na
tion who. on account of a difference of
opinion on certain political questions,
'would not have anything to do 1 with
his colleagues and others with whom
he must transact business. Possibly
very much which will ever be regret
ted iiii^ht have been averted if others
had not refused to have anything to
do 1 with certain other officials with
whom it was their duty to co-operate.
"The Berlin treaty contains nothing
whatever upon the subject of the
Kings salary, either as to amount, or
time or manner of payment For the
past three years there has been a con
tinual dispute as to the amount which
the King should receive. For a while
he was paid SISOO a year, and at other
times only one-third of that amount.
The reports are very imperfect, and
do not show clearly just how or when
the amount of the salary was fixed and
determined. In April last, after the
young King had been installed by the
military authorities, the Question of
salary and amount and manner of pay
ment again came up. While I was act
ing as president the three consular rep
resentatives were in reality responsible
for my acts and for any disbursements
that 1 might make. 1 asked the joint
action of the three representatives, but
they could not agree, the German con
sul contending that no disputed claim
should be paid pending the arrival of
tin High Commission. In order that a
matter which had been a subject of
contention for years might be settled. I
suggested to the solicitor for the King
that hi file in the Supreme Court a
Short bill asking a judicial determina
tion of the question. The bill was filed,
and 1 answered the same without sum
mons, interposing no obstructions, but
simply asking that the disputed ques
tion be settled that 1 might be justified
in the payment of the claim and that
no liability of myself or colleagues
might be "incurred. The proceeding
was in reality for the benefit of the
King and the Government, and no other
fours.- could have been pursued by a
prudent and careful official."
During the troubles Consul General
Osborn received a communication from
an American citizen residing in Apia,
who was suspected of being in sym
pathy with Mataafa, protesting against
the continued looting and destruction
Of bis property by Tanu natives, and
asking him to communicate the matter
to the admiral with the request that the
latter take some measures to put a stop
to this pillaging and destruction of his i
property. Consul Osborn acknowledged I
in writing the receipt of the communi
cation, and was seen by one of the
English guard to hand the answer t<> a
native for delivery. This native was
watched and arrested after the delivery
of the note, and th»- occurrence was re
ported by Captain Sturdee t<> Admiral
Kautz. The admiral at crhce sum
moned the American Consul General to
the flagship and warned him against
having any further communication !
with the American above mentioned.
Consul Osborn was indignant at this I
high-handed proceeding, and stated that I
he had but performed an official duty.
| and would certainly repeat the act If
occasion required. He assured Ad
i miral Kautz that he represented the
' American Government in his official
! capacity as Consul General, and was!
responsible for his acts to his Govern- j
ment alone.
These incidents, showing thr way ;
Consul Osbbra has been misrepresented [
\ and insulted by officials from whom he ]
dared to differ have never before been
published. They are related as told by
the Consul General himself, and their
truth cannot be questioned.
- •
MATAAFA COMPLAINED
OF A BROKEN PROMISE
LONDON. July 2.— The correspond
ent of the Times at Apia. Samoan
Island?, reports that he has made a
j tour of tho islands of I'pulou and Savay
j and had an interview at Falefa with
Mataafa. The chief complained that
! the International Commission had not
kepi its promise to have Mulinuu evac
uated by all parties as so-'-n as the
Question of the kingship was decided.
On returning: to Apia the correspond
ent laid the matter before the commis
sion. He says that he found some dif-
I ferences had existed between the com
i missioners with regard to the measures
to be made, but it is now decided that
\ Maiietoa Tnnu shall ro t<.- Fiji anil
! that Mulinuu shall be immediately
i evacuated.
SECRETARY ALGER SENDS
REASSURANCES TO OTIS
NEW YORK, July 2.— A Journal special
from Washington says: Alger cabled Otis
at Manila to-day to pay no attention to
tho rumor that he is to be relieved. The
rumor the Secretary refers to is one al
legfing that General Brooke is to b.? suc
eedea an Governor of Cuba by Robert P.
Porter and that Brooke goes to Manila to
succeed Oti*.
Children Start a Blaze.
NOVATO, July 2.— A combination of
children.' matches and a bale of hay re
sulted, at noon. to-day, in a fire which de
stroyed the stable of Anton Swaze. Two
horses were burned to death., and. it was
only by the combined work of all the citi
zen's that the business portion of the town
was saved from destruction.
DECOYED TO
PEKING TO BE
IMPRISONED
Chinese Student of Yale
Tortured by Order of
Prince Ching.
VICTORIA, R. C July 2.— A
strange story ->f the decoying of
jn Americanized Chinese doctor
from Yale Kniversity to China's j
capital, where he was imprisoned ,
'and tortured before his release was ob- :
i tamed by an American resident of Pc- ;
1 king, is told in copies <'f the North
China Daily Xews received by the last :
! Oriental liners.
According to the Peking correspond- j
ent of the Chinese paper Dr. Yung;
'' Wing. LL. D., of Yale University was
studying medicine and law at Yale up J
to three months age., when he was vis- \
ited by a Chinese, with whom he left j
Yale for the West. It has since been
learned that this Chinese brought to ;
Dr. Yung Wing letters and papers from
Prince Chins, conferring upon him a (
position under the Imperial Chinese j
Government, providing he accompanied |
the bean-r of the letters to Shanghai, j
The doctor accepted the position and
at once left Yale for San Francisco, j
whence he and the Chinese friend
sailed on the steamer Coptic for Shang
hai.
As soon as the two Chinese were put
ashore from the launch which took j
them from the Coptic at Wo., sung they I
were met by a number of Chinese who j
bound the doctor and threw him into a j
SITUATION IN BELGIUM
EXTREMELY GRAVE.
The Government Will Have Great
Difficulty in Preventing a
Revolution.
BRUSSELS, July 2.— The situation in
; Belgium to-night is regarded as ex
tremely gray«? Socialists und Radicals
cem posing the opposition now demand
j universal suffrage and will be satisfied
i with nothing else. All depends on what
i the Government will do on Tuesday. If
it fails to bring in a bill granting uni
j versal suffrage it is feared that there
will be a revolution, with consequences
of a far-reaching character.
The Government is in a difficult posi
tion. By opposing the demand for uni
versal suffrage it may bring about a
revolution which would sweep away
the monarchy. On the other hand, if
it gives in an appeal for universal suf
frage would apparently result in such
a large Socialist-Republican majority
in the legislative body that the mon
archy would be just as much in danger.
In "addition to all this the workmen
in populous industrial towns in Bel
gium have decided to go out on a strike
if their demands are not yielded to on
Tuesday. Active members of the revo
. lutionary party are collecting arms and
ammunition and are fully prepared to
I support their claims by force.
To-day there was no serious disturb
ance in Brussels itself, but serious
I events occurred in several places in the
provinces. Socialists assembled to-day
i in ereat numbers in the park, where a
I regimental band was to play during
the afternoon. Socialists gathered
! around and sang the "•Marseillaise"'
' with such vigor that the music of the
i band could not be heard. The police
j tried to intervene, but had to yield to
i superior numbers, and the Socialists
I carried the day. Socialists to the num
ber of 700 or 800 then formed a proces
■ sion and marched through the streets
| to the Maison dv Peuple, singing the
■.Marseillaise" as they went. At the
Maison dv Peuple a meeting was held,
at which resolutions for universal
! suffrage were passed with great en
i thusiasm.
The most serious disorders were
those which took place at Alost. A
meeting was addressed there by Abbe
Daens, a Catholic socialist, who by
STEAMSHIP
TEES LADEN
WITH COLD
Alaskan Vessel Brings Down
a Million From the
Klondike.
.special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July 2.— The
steamer Tees arrived to-night from the
north with a largo party of Dauson
miners. Wallace Haywood, ex-ser
! geant of the local police, brought out
! $55,000 in gold dust. Kight others had
heavy boxes of the precious metal.
' Captain Gosse says he had one million
j dollars on board.
COURT Ox 1 ARBITRATION.
Germany Officially Announces Her
Approval of It.
THE HAGI'E, July 2.— The German
delegates at yesterday's session of the
drafting committee of the arbitration
committee of the Peace Conference of
ficially announced the assent of Ger
many" to Sir Julian Pauncefote's pro
posal of a permanent court of arbitra-
In the evening M. de Staal, head of the
Russian delegation and president of the
TRICE FIVE CENTS.
bamboo cage, in which he was carried
to Peking. On the arrival at the
Chinese capital the unfortunate doctor
was Imprisoned In a temple. White
there he was horribly tortured, his
body being burned with hot irons.
it was given out by the local authori
ties that Dr. Yung Wins was impris
oned because he was believed to have
had some relations in. or connection
with, the late un-fortunate reform
movement, but this was only a blind,
for it afterward de eloped that the
doctor was imprisoned by impecunious
Prince Ching so that he might extort
money from the doctor's friends, who.
it w;is thought, would be ready to pay
heavily to deliver him from imprison
ment and torture or death.
This scheme was nipped in the bud by
an American resident of Peking, to
whom the doctor managed to send word
of his predicament by bribing one of
his keepers. The American, who was
dressed in Chinese costume, went to
the temple, and by threats, accom
panied by the persuasion of a. pointed
revolver, obtained Dr. Yung Wing's re
lease. From the temple he took him to
Tientsin by train, whence the unfor
tunate doctor took a steamer for
Japan. He probably will return to
America.
reason of his attitude in the present
complications has been repudiated by
the Catholic party. An attempt to
Ureftk -p the meeting: by the police was
I strenuousl" resisted. The polire
charged the crowd with extraordinary
violence and many of the people were
I seriously injured. The popular feeling:
at Alost is in such ;in excited state
that further serious trouble is feared
to-night or to-morrow. Abbe Daen's
brother has been arested.
Incidents of extre-mp gravity occur
red at Liege. A review of the civic
guards took place to-day, and while It
' was in progress a procession composed
| of Socialists and Radicals marched past
the troops singing the "Marseillaise"
and '"Carmagnole."' While the Socialists
were marching the civic guards re
mained unmoved, but afterward they
marched in uniform to the celebrated
Maison dv Pouple of Liege, thus dem
onstrating their entire sympathy with
the Socialist party.
A monster meeting of- miners was
held at Mons, at which resolutions in
favor of going out on a strike in the
event of the Government's refusing to
give them satisfaction on electoral
questions on Tuesday were passed.
This means that from 25,000 to 30,000
men are preparing to go on a strike.
Mass meetings were held in Verviers
to-day by all the workmen's associa
tions of that district, and a general
strike was agreed on should the Gov
ernment refuse to give way.
Some 20,000 Radicals and Socialists
held a demonstration in Antwerp last
evening. The Government was very
hotly attacked, and there was a feel
i ing of hostility to the Government in
I general. Order was maintained by the
| police. The Burgomasters of Brussels,
j Antwerp. Liege and Ghent have in
■ form d the Government that it will be
: impossible for them to be responsible
for the maintenance of order unless the
Government yields to the demand of
the masses.
According to the Petit Bleu here if
no means of reaching a satisfactory so
lution be brought forward by the Gov
ernment on Tuesday the King is think
ing of dissolving 1 Parliament and con
sulting the country.
conference, save a brilliant reception and
ball, at which Mr. Aixlrew D. White,
head of the United States delegation: Sir
Julian Pauncefote. head of the British
delegation, and most of the other dele
gates were present.
BISHOP NEWMAN
IS CRITICALLY ILL
Report of His Serious Condition Sent
Out From His Cottage
at Saratoga.
SARATOGA. N. V.. July 2.— Bishop John
P. Newman of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, whose episcopal residence is in
San Francisco, is critically ill at his cot
tage here.
Bishop Newman suffers from paralysis
and pneumonia, and his recovery is not
likely. _
DAN LUCEY CONVICTED
Found Guilty of the Murder of Pat
rick Reagan Near Butte.
BUTTE. Mont., July 2.— At an early
hour this morning the jury In the case of
Dan Lueey. charged with the killing of
Patrick Reagan brought in a verdict of
murder in the first decree. This la the
third conviction f<>r this grade of murder
in a comparatively short time.
Lucey and Reagan left here on Septem
ber 2 last to go to British Columbia for
work. Reagan had considerable money
with him. His body was found next day
some distance from the railroad track in
the canyon. The head had b^en crushed
with a rock and the pockets rifled. Lucey
was caught later in Victor, Colo.
Dr. Fuller Lived in Vacaville.
VACAVILLE. July B.— Dr. H. F. Fuller,
mentioned in The Call as having been
robbed of $17uO. was formerly in business
in Vacaville an.l is well known here, as
is his wife, who was formerly Mrs. Amby
Hill The news created quite a sensation
here, and conjectures are heard on all
sides relative to the loss.PARTITION OF
CHINA CERTAIN
Such the OpinioQ of Marquis Ito,
Who ThinKs Japan Must
Protect herself.
TACOMA, Wash., July 2.— Oriental advices received to-day state
that Marquis Ito, former Premier of Japan. In a recent address, de
clared his firm belief that the partition of China among the powers of
Europe is only a question of time. Be Bays: "What Japan desires for
her own sake and China's is that China's Integrity should be preserved,
nnd that she should become progressive. But it must bo confessed that
China haa fallen Into a condition offering little hope of these things be
in* accomplished. I think we shall Boon find ourselves separated from
lhe , ■ ,r Europe by only a narrow strip of water. Japan must
ta k e her own protection, making: every effort to maintain a
r ., tl , . £ equal to that <>f ihe countries by which she will be con
fronted."
Official Japan believes Ito is right, he having recently visited China
on a tour of inspection.
GROWERS FIX THE
PRICE OF PEACHES
Initial Step Taken at
Healdsburg.
i
Social Dispatch to The Call.
HEALDSBURG, July 2.— The meeting j
of fruit growers held in Healdsburj yes- j
terday was largely attended by growers j
from difft>rent parts of the county, i
Jonathan Roberts of Santa Rosa, presl- j
dent of tho Sonoma County Horticultural j
Society, acted as president of the meet- j
Ing and P. W. i 'ooke as secretary.
The principal speaker was F. Butler of j
Fprestvllle. lie said that last year the j
canneries paid a great deal better prices j
than they were now offering and pros- i
pered. The market to-day was practical- ;
ly .bare of canned and dried, fruit, and
the trade was offering 9 to 10% cents for
bleached unpeeled peaches. The crop was j
extremely short in all parts of the United :
States other than California, and in
many portions of California as well.
Ninety per cent of the canneries of the f
State "had e.mibinod to regulate the prices
of fruit. They had advanced their sell- |
ing price to 53 per cent over last year and
were trying to reduce the price paid to ;
the growers 33 1-3 per cent.
Mr Butler had no objection to this pro- |
ceeding on the part of the canneries, but i
ho claimed an equal right on the part of
the growers to organize to obtain remun
erative priens. He believed the demand
created for California dried and canned
frolts by the war in the Philippines would
Increase greatly during the next twelve
months and would be of moderate volume ,
for upward of three yean?.
The growers could reach 'hat market i
Independent of the canneries. He urged j
the growers to stand together for a lair
figure; and they would get it. ITT 1 would
dry his peaches unless he obtained $30 per j
ton' for them. ;_,
Among the other speakers were: A. R.
Gallaway of Dry Creek Valley, J. E.
Motzcrer nd W. V. Griffith of Geyser
ville.^Mr. Mack of Santa Rosa. George
Sloeum. D. P. Cullom, Rev. Joe Waldrop.
and William Floyd of Healdsburg and i
Mr. Griges of Fulton.
Th. foflowin preamble and resolutions j
were adopted: .
Whereas, The canning season la near at hand, j
buyers having already entered the held, and j
whereas the supply of peaches Is far short of ,
the average yield of the country, with the eup
ply of last year's stock well exhausted and new !
market developing; and whereas, the packers |
have combined and materially advanced the \
prices of canned poods. Therefore, be It
Resolved. That we. the producers, fix the mini- j
mum price for canning sizes of freestone j
peaches at t"'> por .ton. and of clinkstone at. $30 |
per ton. And the committee further recom- j
mends that committees be appointed to clrcu- I
late forms nf agreement among the fruit-prow- ,
ers of the county to secure unity of action. We
also unre similar action among the producers
of other fruit district.", and we further recom
mend that an executive committee of seven be
appointed to look after the Interests of the ,
fruit-growers In this country. J
The resolutions were unanimously j
adopt* and all present signed the agree- !
mem to sell at not less than $25 and $30.
Th» following executive committee was
chosen: F. Butler of Forestville (chair
man), A. R. Gallaway, D. I. Cullom. W. |
J. McClendon and F. W. Cooke (sccre- I
tary) of Healdsburg. J. E. Metzger of j
Geyserville and Simon Graham of Sebas- j
topol.
Forms of agreement to maintain these
proicos will at once be circulated by ne
following fruit-growers: E. A. Norton.
Forestville; Martin LitchAeld, Sebastopol; i
W. V. Griffifh, Geyserville; Jonathan. |
Roberts. Santa R >sa : A. K. Burnham, j
Dry Creek Valley; George Blocuxn, J. \\. !
Bell. A. X. Stanger; John; Reynolds. G. H. i
Brigham, Jerry Gladden of Healdsburg; j
.John Elliott; Cloverdale; C. \V. Sylvester,
deyservllle: a Goodman, Alexander Val- j
ley; W. C. Price, Vine Hill.
AGUIRRE AND EDGAR
ALREADY CLASHING
Violation of a Prison Rule Causes
a Rise in Prophetic
Stock.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. July The j
expected clash between "Warden Aguirre j
and Captain of the Yard Edgar has i
come sooner than was expected. It was |
not a momentous event, 'but such as it j
was it shows pretty clearly that the
prophecies of the wiseacres are in a fair
way to be fulfilled at no distant date.
One of the strictest rules of the prison j
is that in no case shall a . member of I
the fair sex be allowed Inside the walls j
except to act as nurse for a sick person, j
James R. Russell, the new captain of
the guard, was Ignorant of this rule and I
to-day permitted several ladies, accom- !
panJed by their escorts, to go through j
the gates. The party was met by Cap- \
tain Edgar, who nearly fainted at so
flagrant a breach of the rules. Holding j
the par! in the office, a courier was |
sent to Aguirro and a consultation held.
The Warden was at first inclined to up- i
hold Russell, and would have done so !
had not Edgar reminded him in unmistak- I
able ten that the rule had been made i
by the Prison Directors and not by the i
Warden. As Aguirre already has as i
much as 'he wants of the directors he
finally concluded to abide by the rule,
and with many apologies the ladies were
asked to return. - »
Warden A guirre denies that this oc
currence took place. In view of the fact
that he has boasted that no paper shall
have any prison news unless he Bays so,
his statement in this instance is deemed
important.
Coining to San Francisco.
CHICAGO. July 2.— Lieutenant Colonel I
Marvin P. Maus, for several years aid |
en General Miles' staff, is at the Audi- !
torium Annex with his bride. He recently
•us appointed inspector general of the
Department of the Pacific and Co
fcmbiu, and is on his way to San Fran--
Cisco, where he will make his head
quarters. The .department includes
Alaska and Honolulu. • '
—
1^ Cj|
Unless you have used Pears'
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
no free fat or alkali in it— noth-
ing- but soap.
The more purely negative soap
is, the nearer dd&s it approach
perfection.
THE SABBATH
WAS NOT BROKEN
I Firm Stand Taken by
Endeavorers.
i
i ■ ■*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT. July 2.— The Sabbath was
! strictly observed to-day on the Christian i
j Endeavor grounds, the site of the Inter- I
I national '99 Convention. !
Some of the concessionaires who had i
! been slow In getting their tents and equip- j
I ments in place asked permission to work j
j Sunday, but consent was promptly re-
I fused by John Strong:, chairman of tho I
i general "99 committee, who stated that j
: nothing inconsistent with the Christian j
I principles would be allowed on the j
j grounds. Work of necessity, such as pre- I
paring and serving- meals, will of course |
! be permitted next Sunday, as on other j
; days.
All the local committees will this week |
■ transfer their quarters from the thir
i teenth floor of the Majestic building to
' the encampment grounds. The undulat- j
; ing: canvas roofs and Buttering flags of j
I the newly arisen white city, which from J
; Wednesday until the following Tuesday ;
I will be a center of religious enthusiasm, i
I are now plainly visible from the office of
I the general committee, two miles away, j
Tents Endeavor and Williston, the two j
big twin canvas auditoriums, are com- j
plete, save for the decorating, which is j
in progress. :
The predominating colors will.be crim
son and white, the C. K. colors. Huge!
streamers will be stretched to the center
and to the sides of the roof, destroying
the bare effect of the canvas. There are j
ninety-six of the streamers at the stage |
end, "forty-eight at the opposite or en- ;
tranca end and seventy-two along the ■
sides, making a total of 211 of these wide
crimson and white ribbons, radiating as
far as the wall? of the tents. The stage |
will present a ceiling of color and the
bunting will come to a point at the top
of the dome.
The mammoth stage will be done in
white, relieved by festoons of crimson,
and the speaker's stand will be adorn* by
Old Glory and the Union Jack. Suspended
from the center above the speaker's stand
is an electrical device showing the Chris- ;
tian Endeavor monogram. This will be ;
draped on either side with American and :
I British flags. On each of the quarter
] poles there will be banners 4x6 feet in size ;
i in honor of each State in the Union; on \
i the reverse of these will be banners of all '■
\ nations in which the Christian Endeavor
f movement has obtained a foothold. Out- j
! side, running down the halyards attached !
I to the three huge center poles and below j
j the tent burgees and stars and stripes,
will be flown a myriad of Dags of all na
tions, the three lines of ensigns reaching
nearly to the ground. Over ■*"" flags will
be used In the decsration of the two main j
tents, not counting innumerable small
ones that will adorn the wall poles.
Tents Endeavor and Willlston each has i
a comfortable seating capacity of 10,000, j
; and the platforms each Beat 1000 including
choirs of 500 voices. The speaker's plat- j
! form projects outward from the main j
i stage. Around this projection are tables |
: and chairs assigned to the use of 10") t
working reporters. The usher system has j
! been admirably perfected and confusion j
: will be hardly possible. Non-delegates
will be admitted after certain hours, i
Headquarters, bicycle, information, press j
and ladies' tents are all ample and conve- [
niently arranged. All space designed for I
| restaurant and refreshment tents, etc., is, ,
occupied.
: A rapid street car service is expectd to j
; be a feature. The Woodward-avenue line, \
I running nearest to the grounds, will run
1 cars every twenty seconds. There will be i
i a one-minute service "■. the Lake avenue j
and two-minute cars on other adjacent !
lines. The railroads have established a j
joint agency in Philharmonic Hall, where
all return tickets must be marked and |
where tickets must be deposited in return
for checks if extensions art- desired.
Names of all ticket holders will be re- j
corded and pass agents are hopeful of
largely frustrating ticket brokers' i
| schemes.
Ample accommodations have been se
cured for 40,000; although the number of
B will probably be much
less than that number, others who aro
attracted by the low rates of fare can
also bo provider 1 , for.
COEUR D'ALENES STRIKE
AS A NATIONAL ISSUE
NEW YORK, July 2.— Ex-General Mas
ter Workman James R. .Sovereign of the
Knights of Labor to-day visited the Cen
tral I Union and Btlrred up ex
cit< ment among the delegates on the ac
: G< al Merriam in the Coeur
d'Alene district. He said he had come as
tative of the organized miners
of the Rocky Mountain mines, and ha
thanked the New'-Yorjj unions for the pro
■: ■ ■ had maJde against th
q that had been alleged had existed.
Mr. Sovereign threw the responsibility
for all the troubles in that mining dis
trict upon John D. Rockefeller, who, he
said, owned the Bunker Hill Company and
: >iied other mines. The manager < t
the mines, he said, had an agr< emeat with
■ inera thai when the prices of ailver
hey would pay thorn
union rates of wages. The prices did
rise, and when the rn<-n ask'-d for thi ad
vanced*rates they wen refused. Th
organized and the managers began dis
charging them in block? of ten and
twenty.
The ex-general master workman then
ribed the gathering of the men, their
taking possession of a train and loading
11 v tii MOO pounds of dynamite with which
they blew up some of the works, "it was
the grandest pyrotechnic display that I
knew of in mj life," he continued,
"but it had not been ordered or pie
by the union, it was £he ni< n themselves
who had been goaded to desperation.
"We propose to make a national issue
of this, because it involves national Inter
ests. There may be Jealousies and rival
ries amonf? trades unions, but when the
enemy turns the gatlingr guns against one
union it will turn them against all unions,
and we are of fighting blood out West and
we will fight it out there."
IS MUCH SOUGHT AFTER.
Authorities of Two States Want a
Man Arrested in Harrisburg.
HAR.RISBURG, July 2.— Detective Xor
rls of Ohio arrived here to-night and
made information against John R. Greene
of Terre Haute, Ind., charging him with
being a fugitive from justice from Illinois,
where he Is wanted on five charges of
swindling. Greene was arrested here a
few days ago for bunkoing a Walla Walla.
Wash., man out of $5000, and for the al
leged murder of a cabman in Seattle.
The Washington authorities are on the
way here for him now, but Norrlß hopes
to get ahead of them by making the first
specific information.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, JULY 3, 1899.
ALMOST CRAZED
BY STARVATION
Foiger Party Arrives at
Arotic City.
WAS GIVEN UP AS LOST
SUBSISTED FOB, A TIME ON DOG
JLESH.
San Franciscans Breach the Yukon
Camp in a Pitiable Condition
and Are There Nursed
Back to Health.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, July 2.— News has just been
received that the members of the Folger
party, supposed to have perished in the
bleak wilda of interior Alaska, are si ill
Almost crazed by hunger and hard
ships, they dragged themselves into Arc
tic City, where they were tenderly cared
for by the Winthrop mining people and
restored to health.
In t • party were John Polger,
Jack Mallon, Herman Jacob!, Jack Walsh
' and Isadore Vldal, all of San Francisco.
■ and Frank Moses of Boston. They start
• ed on September 28 Isrst from Rampart
Citj for the Koyukuk River, expecting to
make a flying trip. When a few days out
they found that .their outfit was entirely
inadequate, and three of the party re
turned to Rampart.
The others pushed on over mountains
of snow and ice. In ten days they were
i\ lost, and for two week* wander
ed around at random, with but little t i
■ than that furnished by Moses' St.
ard dog.
At the end of a lortnight. when the men
almost in the last agonies of Btarva
< tion, they stumbled into a lonely hut.
There Folger recognized a saw and stove
thut he had Bold to an Indian on Old
Man ("reek. This enabled them to locate
their whereabouts, and they determined
to make one last effort to reach Arctic
City They succeeded, but were almost
■ crazed when the miners picked them up
and nursed -.em back to health.
As week after week passed and no tld
nips of the wand-rer? were received at
Rampart they were given up as lost, and
a report to that effect was sent out.
Upon their return there was a gTeat jolli
fication Folger and his men reached
Rampart from Arctic City by cutting a
mail trail by way of the Tanana River.
CHOATE'S EFFORTS IN
MRS. MAYBRICK'S BEHALF
Additional Pressure Brought to Bear
Upon the British Gov
ernment.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— According to
the State D< partment officials, there is no
for the Medical and Legal Reyef
Society of New York or any other body
sending petitions to the liritish Govern
in. Nt for the release of Mrs. Maybrick.
Embassador Choate is devoting i 1 great
deal bf his attention to the Maybrick
and af- a result of his Insistence the
British authorities are considering a re
quest for the freedom of the prisoner.
The State Departmi in recently seni sev
eral memorials to the . British Govern
ment through United States Embassador
Choate, and they doubtless will be placed
on file with others which have been trans
mitted from time to time for some years
j.Uslt.
Nothing: has .been received from Mr.
Choate respecting the result of the addi
tional pressure he has brought to bear
the T^ondon Government, but it is
evident the department does not enter-'
tain any hi^h hopes that Mrs>. Slaybrick
will be liberated, So far as high British
officials are concerned, it is said they are
willing to release the prisoner, but sub
ordinate officials contend that such ac
tion would not be proper.
TROOPS SENT ON
FORGED MESSAGES
Governor Brady Explains the Send
ing of Militia to Clay-
County.
LOUISVILJ^B (Ky.), July 2.— A special
tv the Courier-Journal from Liexington
says:
Governor Brady arrived here to-day
from Cincinnati with tho Information that
the call for 300 State troopa last night
the result of forged messages to him
purporting to be from a gentleman in
in whom tho Governor had
: • and a nlessage from Frank
fort, purporting to be from a State offi
cer. He informed by th<-«e ra^
that there was much trouble in • day
'County; that the Howards were Bur
led and wire at the mercj <>f the
Philpots and Bakers, and that unless the
troops were Bent at once many lives
would be sacrificed. The Governor tame
diately issued the order for the troops to
go to Clay County this morning. .Lat.-r
he became suspicious, and after a tele
phone consultation with Adjutant-General
• 'diRT and Lieutenant-Colonel Williams
the orders w. re revoked.
The Governor says ho will do all he can
to fix the responsibility for the fake.
Two Wins for Walthour.
NEW STORK, July 2.— Five thousand
persons raw the bicycle races at Vails
burg, X. J., to-day. Summary:
Consolation, half-mile professional — Fi
nal won by Bob Walthour, Atlanta; R. A.
Miller, Galveston, second; Al. Newhouse,
Buffalo, third; A. O. Me r tens, Minneapo
lis, fourth: W. G. Furman, Los Angeles,
fifth. Time, 1:06 1-5.
mile, professional — Won by Bob
Walthour (40 yards); J. Eaton, Lorelain,
N. J. (80 yards), second; Al. Newhouse (80
yards), third; I'harles Radfield, Newark
N. J. (80 yards), fourth; R. A. Miller (80
yards.), fifth. Tirm-^ 2:04 4-.",.
Hides Without Handle Bars.
MILWAUKEE, Wi?.. July JL— William
T. Jsottolfson, secretary of the Mercury
Cycling Club, to-day rode to Racine and
return on a bicycle without handle bars.
He made the ride without a fall or mis
hap and covered the distance, fifty-two
miles, in 3 hours 27 minutes. The' ride
will be placed on record with the Century
Road C lub of America, under whoso
auspice* the trip was made. It is doubt
fnl if a similar feat was ever before ut
tempted.
DISLIKES BERKELEY'S
LACK OF HARMONY
Reason of Dr. Wheeler's Hesita
tion fibout Accepting t^e
Presideocy.
© NEW YORK, July Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler of- Cornell, ©
w who was recently elected president of the- University of California, was .8
g interviewed to-day relative to the report that he would not accept the X
2S position. , *?
H "I consider everything undecided," said Professor Wheeler. "I am H
X going to the university and to.work. I have been earnestly requested to $
iS- visit the institution for the purpose of satisfying myself that every- p$
§ thing is all right. I understand that my request to have certain things £j
g changed has not been complied with. If I find affairs satisfactory I £
8J shall accept the position. Otherwise I do not think that I shall leave gj
£ Cornell." . 8
•V The lack of harmony In the faculty of the Western Institution is the S?
ja chief cause of Professor Wheeler's hesitancy about accepting the post- 3
q tlon. He named as one of the conditions, under which he would go that,- g
§ the president be given more power as head of the faculty. It Is the. gen- «S
S» eral opinion here that Professor Wheeler will decide to accept the post- »
Q tion before returning East, though it is the earnest desire of the student 8
$5 body that he remain at Cornell. g
FLOWERS FOR
THE TEACHERS
Trains Met Far From
Los Angreles.
EASTERN GUESTS REFRESHED
FRUIT AND BLOSSOMS BORNE BY
COMMITTEES.
Strangers Given a Taste of California
Hospitality Long Before They
Reach the City of
the Angels.
Euecial Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ' ANGELES, July 2.— The High
School pupils of this city • have been
formed into a corps of guides for the Na
tional Educational Association visitors,
and are already doing excellent service.
The New England people of the city have
formed an organization and arrange
ments are being made by it for the re
ception of New England delegates. Presi
] dent Guy Wads worth, chairman of the
New England delegation. Informs the
committee that headquarters for the dele
gation have been engaged in the "West
minster Hotel. The Massachusetts State
headquarters will be at the rooms of the
Ruskin Art Club.
Two trains over the Santa Fe route to
day brought IS6 delegates and a Southern
Pacific train brought ISO to-night.
The plan outlined by the teachers' fruit
: committee and the members of the flower
i committee to meet the incoming dele
gates lift miles outside of the city is be
ing carried out effectively and is making
a delightful impression on the visitors.
I Interviews with numerous teachers who
; arrived on the. first special, as well as
i many who came on subsequent special
! and regular trains, have shown that the
i plan or the teachers to give the Eastern
: ers an advance refreshing taste and smell
of what Southern California produces in
the way of fruit and flowers, is much ap
preciated.
Of forty-five passengers on • the 9:25
1 Sunset train the majority were teachers
from Shreveport, La. They were delight
ed at being received by Los Angeles
citizens at such a distance from their
point of destination.
, To-day the electric cars and all trains
running from the city and the sea coast
and mountain resorts about the city were
i laden with the visitors, who were anxious
to escape the heat of the city and see
I what Southern California had to offer in
the way of attractions. The ostrich
! farm, the railroad tv the top of the
Sierra Madre and the oil .well district
attracted many of the visitors.
CHICAGO, July 2.— Several hundred
school teachers from the east •arrived in
Chicago to-day on their way to Los An
geles to attend the meetings of the
National Council of Education. After
spending the day visiting points of Inter
est they resumed their journey to-night.
They go to Denver and from there to Log
Angeles, which city they expect to reach
a week from Monday. A number
of Chicago's most prominent edu
cators have, already : left, but the
rank and file will not start until
Tuesday or the . following two days.
timing their departure according to the
routes taken, so as to reach Los Angeles
by Monday or Tuesday of the conven
tion.
BUCHANAN MUST NOT
ACCEPT REMUNERATION
Services as Arbitrator Between Ar
gentina and Chile Ren
dered Gratis.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— lf Minister
Buchanan requests permission of the
State Department to accept the £23,000
(Sirxi.OODt offered to him by Argentina and
Chile in payment of his services In tlv^
arbitration of the boundary dispute bo
tween them it probably will be refused.
The department is >■£ the opinion that tha
usefulness of Mr. Buchanan as Minister
at Buenos Ayrea mighi be impaired in
... nee "!' its receipt
It was r> called to-day that when Ed
waffl H. Strobe! served as Minister to
Chile he acted ay arbitrator of a Doun
ilary dispute. Compensation was offered
for "his services, but the department de
clined to permit him to accept it, an<l he
was compelled bo t>> Inform the Govern
ments offering it. After his retirement
as Minister the compensation was offered
and accepted.
EMBEZZLER SMUGGLED
OUT OF THE STATE
Officers Anticipate an Attempt to Pre
vent the Extradition of
Baker.
SKATTT/R, July 2.— L,ast week Judpe
Hanford of the Federal Court construed
an important point in the interstate ex
tradition law. H<> held that the Fed
eral Court bad tho riprht to review tho
<;.. ernor's action in issuing an extradition
warrant. The erfeot is alreaov felt. VV.
I X linker who was apprehended here for
embezzling $100 from the Adams Express
Company at Boston two years apo, w;is
to-n&ht smuggled out of the State. Pro
... .lings were to have been taken to-mor
row to delay, ma departure by nullifying
tho Governor's warrant, but v aptain
Joseph Dugan of i.oßton. with the Sheriff
of Kine County, thwarted this intention
and will take his man to Boston.
General H. G. Otis in Washington.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— Goneral Harrl
'< son Gray Otis of California, who has seen
considerable active duty in tho Philip
pines arrived to-day in Washing-ton. His
visit t<> the Eas=t is entirely on private
I business, and, the general said to-riieht,
bus no connection directly or indirectly
: with Philippine affairs.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, July 2.
Br stmr "Wellington, Salmond, 79 hours from
Departure Bay.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived July 2 — Stmr
Westland. from Liverpool. ■
NEW I'ORK— Arrived July Stmr Meno
mlnee. from London.
CLAIMS HE HAS
BEEN MISQUOTED
Governor Pingree's Let
ter to Alger.
AN AVOWAL OF FRIENDSHIP
ROASTS SENATORS McMILLAN
AND BURROWS.
Regrets the Treatment He Has Re
ceived and Promises to Sup
port McKinley if He Is
Renominated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT, July 2.— Governor Pln
gree to-night dispatched a letter to
Secretary Algrer, brought out by criti
cisms of the Secretary and numerous
comments recently published concern
ing the agreement made by the Gover
nor to support the Secretary in his
campaign for' the Tnitfd States Sena
torship. The letter is. as follows:
My Dear General: I subscribe to a clip
ping 1 bureau and 1 have, within the past
few days been receiving- large numbers of
clippings from newspapers published in
every part of the country, containing
what purports to be an interview with me
in which criticisms of the present admin
istration are put in my mouth. I am as
tonished at the circulation and credence
which this alleged interview has received.
I would not take cognizance of it, were
it not for the fact that it seems to have
been so widely circulated and also for the
reason that there are many people who
have yet to learn that what is termed po
litical news and opinion are as unreliable,
inaccurate and prejudiced as the newspa
per man's ingenuity .and cunning can
make them. It did not seem to me neces
sary to deny the interview. 1 would not
give it any thought whatever, were it not
for the fact that it is made the basis of a
petty and mean-spirited attack upon you,
which is, however, but a natural product
of small-caliber intellects.
The interview to which I have re
ferred is a pure fabrication. There is
not a single sentence in it which was
spoken by me. It is the invention of a
reporter, who may or may not have been
acting under instructions from his chief.
I have at different times expressed my
opinion of the necessity for the war in
the Philippines. I have, In common with
thousands of others in the country, dis
approved of it, and have had no hesita
tion in giving my views whenever I have
hern asked for them. 1 voted for Mr-
Kinley, and I have had no cause what
ever to regret it. If he is a candidate
again' I will take pleasure In giving him
my support.
It has always seemed to me that the
criticism by New York newspapers of
the management of the War Department
has amounted to a condemnation not only
of the President, but of the entire <';ii>
lnet. It Is well known that no important
step Is taken without the concurrence, or
at least the advice of the President and
the Cabinet. I am well satisfied that the
attack up<>n the War Department is noth
ing but a cunningly conceived plot to
create a vacancy to be tilled by a New
fork politician. Already New York
newspapers are discussing the distribu
tion of the patronage of the department.
The other papers of the country have
pimply repented what the New York
newspapers have said.
i>f course, it is not surprising that
Senator McMillan and his "me, too,"
Senator Burrows, have joined in the con
t< mptlble scheme to discredit and defame
the war Department. In so far as the al
leged "alliance" with you is concerned, I
can freely and frankly say that none has
been made. As you are already aware, I
simply proffererd you my support in your
candidacy for rutted States Senator, and
only wanted to know whether you were In
favor of an amendment to the the Consti
tution of the I'nited States permitting
the election of United States Senators by
direct vote of the people. I was glad to
i" advised by you that you favored the
restriction of "trusts." but neither of
these things was made the condition of
my support. In common with thousands
of other Michigan people, 1 merely of
fered to assist you.
If anything, 1 have profited by it politi
cally, because the American people de
test cowardly methods of lighting.
The language which is attributed to me
in the false interview in which I am made
to criticize and abuse the administration
should have conuemned the interview as
a fabrication 'at sight. But even more ab
surd is the statement made by the preM
that I was an avowed candidate for the
Republican nomination for President at
the next national convention; that you
have made an alliance with me. and that,
therefore, you have practically deciar.-ci
your opposition to President MeKinl-y
v.nd should retire from his Cabinet. i if
course such a statement Is too silly to be
entitled to serious attention, It Is surfi
cient to say to you that I have not ami
never did entertain the remotest intention
of becoming a candidate for the Presi
dency. The story is only another inven
tion of Michigan newspapers.
I think the time is not far distant when
public opinion will compel newspapers to
l>e fair and decent in their treatment of
men In public life. T'ntil it does, 1 am con
vinced that the only course to pursue is to
ignore their malicious attacks. Attempts
to correct their reports only result in pro
voking a more liberal outpouring of edi
torial venom. After all. it is well to res
member that a newspaper represents the
opinion of only one man. and that his
opinion' is undoubtedly Influenced by every
motive except a desire to do full justice
The time is not far distant when the peo
ple will awake to this fact, and when they
do ,iere will be a radical change in the
policy of conducting the newspapers of
the country, and especially In their treat
ment of public men.
Regretting if the unwarrantable ..ber
ties taken with mv name have <-qused
you any embarrassment. I am, yours very
sincerely,
HAZEN R. PINGREE.
BRYAN CONFERS WITH
HIS OLD BACKERS
Political Situation Informally Dis-
cussed at a Dinner in
Chicago.
CHICAGO. July 2.— A conference wi=>
hold here to-day between Colonel William
Jennings Bryan ;ui<l a number o! Illinois
Democratic leaders. Including VL F. Dun
lap, candidate fur State Treasurer during
the last campaign; ex-Congressman Hln
riebsen, and Judge Thompson of* Jackson
ville, all of whom were Instrumental In
swinging the Illinois delegation to Bryan
in the last Democratic National Conven
tion. Allan \V. Tliurmaii and R. M. Ditty
of Columbus, Ohio; were also i>r- sent
Mr. Bryan arrived in Chicago to-day on
his way from Aberdeen, N. !».. to Barnes
ville, Ga., where he delivers an address
July 4. He was met by Mr. Thurman and
Mr. Ditty, who had come from Columbus
for that purpose, and together with the
Illinois leaders took dinner at the Sher
man House. At the conclusion of the j
dinner a conference was h<-!d, which last- i
ed the greater part of the afternoon. None j
of the local Democratic leaders were pres- j
ent. Mr. Bryan denied there was
political slgnitioance In the meeting:.
"I am on my way from Aberdeen to
Barnesvllle, Ga.," he said. "Some of my
friends knew 1 would be passing through
the city to-day and were here to meet
me,"
Samuel B. Cook of the ways and means
committee states that the national politi
cal situation was discussed in a general
way. Colonel Bryan left to-night for
BafnesvJlle.
Stockton Forty-Nmer Dies.
STOCKTON. July 2.— News has been re
ceived here of the death last Friday of
Henry Hodgkins in Cheltenham, England.
Hodgkins was a pioneer of San Joaquin
County, having engaged In the butcher
business here In 1849. He built many of
the ttrst brick blocks In Stockton, and his
wealth Increased so rapidly that In 1858 he
retired from active business and returned
to his old home. Since then he has vis
ited Stockton for a few months every two
years and always kept up his old friend
ships. Recently he deeded $150,0)0 worth
of property to two of his cons, and they
are to become permanent residents of this
city.
THE AUTOMOBILE
IS STRENGTHENED
Extra Precautions Cause a Brief
Delay in tr;e Start flcross
the Continent.
NEW YORK, July 2.— Changes are being made to prepare the auto
mobile, which, under the management of The San Francisco call
and the New York Herald, is to run to San Francisco, for climt>
ing and descending steep mountain roads. Advices from Den
ver to the effect that an automobile built for the good roads or
the East would have little chance of getting through the Rocky Moun
tains have led the makers to put on a much stronger brake than was
first provided and to strengthen several of the working parts of the mo
tor. When these alterations are completed the vehicle will be tested on_
the most precipitous hills that can be found in Connecticut, and when
all is in readiness The Call and the Herald will announce trie day and
hour selected for the start. The officers of the company that is making
the automobile realize that the journey will be one of the most trying
that could be devised and are making a special effort to guard against
breakdowns.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis were greatly disappointed at being delayed in
starting on their tour. They are both confident that the trip can be
made, and are determined to be the first to accomplish it. Mr. Davis'
mail has increased considerably since the announcement of his inten
tion of crossing the continent in a self-propelled touring cart. Some of
the letters contain advice as to roads and suggestions deemed import
ant by the writers, while others are from cranks, who predict dire
calamities unless their advice is followed. Mr. Davis has also been
offered a lamp that never goes out, bells that ring automatically, patent
cleaning and oiling compounds, and any number of devices to patch
"punctured tires. As there Is barely room in the carriage for toilet ar
ticles and clothing all donations from manufacturing concerns have
been declined.
NEW USE FOR
MOVING PICTURES
Department of Agricu!-
ture's Experiments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 2.-The Agricult
ural Department has pressed the moving
picture machine into the service of sci
ence. The Division of Vegetable Pathology
now has a device of this sort in operation
in one of its greenhouses, photographing
the growth of a small oak tree. The ma
chine works automatically, taking a pict
ure each hour. At night an electric light
is thrown into the circuit as the expos
ure is made. The mn chine has been run
ning about two weeks and will be kopt
going about two weeks longer on its pres
ent sul
When the series of pictures is com
pleted it will be possible to Teproduce
with the stereopticon the growth of the
plant from the time the first shoot ap
peared above ground until the tree is in
full leaf and a foot or more high. While
the oak tree's pictures are purely experi
mental to develop the capacity of the
machine, it Is intended to use the serial
photographs in watching the progress of
plant diseases, blights, insect parasites
and the like. The department hopes In
the near future to be able to l«an to the
agricultural colleges and experiment sta
tions rolls of lantern-slide film to illus
trate certain of- the department's bulle
tins on these subjects.
It is pointed out that a lecturer before
a class of students could show In five
minutes the growth and seed distribu-
Umii of any noxious plant, such as the
Canadian thistle or the life history of an
insect pest so that It could be readily
recognized and eombatted on its first ap
pearance In a region, even though the
workers there had never seen it In actual
life.
In addition to the straight photo
graphic work expected of the new ma
chine, its designer intends to adapt i\ to
use with the X-ray so as to take pictures
of certain objects that otherwise would be
invisible. It is thought by the department
that a series of pictures of this sort taken
during the period of gestation would be
of value to stockraisers and might be
adapted to the use of the medical pro
fessi'iTi in certain lines of research.
ORGANIZING FOR A
GENERAL STRIKE
Chicago Packing-House Employes
Form a Union With This
Ei d in View.
CHICAGO, Joly 2.— There will he no
general strike of packing-house employes
at present. This much was decided on at
a mass meeting of discontented laborers
held this afternoon at Forty-third and
Wallace streets. The idea of a strike has
noj been given up altogether, but the
opinion prevailed that the time was not
yet ripe and thai the Interests of the men
would be best conserved by waiting until
an organisation could be perfected of suf
ficient strength to carry to a successful
conclusion any movement ol the kma.
The tirst move in that direction was
made at the meeting. An organization
known as the Packing Houw Employes
Union was formed and over 800 men he
came members. The avowed^ purpose of
the union is to fighi the packers, and it
was said openly at the meeting that as
Boon as the union was sufficiently strong
the packers would have to meet the de
mands of the men or a genera! strike
would take place. By September the
union is expected i" have a membership
of 15.000 and if by that time the demands
of the men for better working hours and
increased wages ar« noi complied with it
was Bald- a general tieup of tho packing
houses would be ordered. I" the mean
time all the employes were cautioned to
continue with their work. The names >f I
the officers of the new organisation were
k. pi secret.
Beaten Almost to Death.
NOVATO, July B.— Officera are search
ing for three Swi«s milkers who beat a
Portuguese dairyman almost t<> death
near here this morning. The victim of
the assault is in a precarious condition,
with a broken shoulder and a severely
cut and contused head.
CURES ALL WEAKNESS !
. j^Zh Electricity Restores
WrftlLMikv, Health and Power to
I^^F^B Weak Men, Because it
Hfr^? J ?^^ ; -Jiil Warms the Blood,
llJ^^^F stops the Waste,
<'f[\ Gives Snap and Vim.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
It is the great man-builder. Dr. McLaughiin's Electric Belt pours
electric life into the nerves and vital parts while the patient sleeps. Its
effect is magical. It quickly gives a brace to the nerves, developing in
them and- in the blood a grand force of life. It will cure all those ail-
ments of men. It makes life worth living. :. . .. . / ;,
If you have drugged and failed to get relief you should try this
famous Belt. It supplies new .life, and that is what you want. CALL
OR SEND FOR MY BOOK ABOUT • IT, CLOSELY SEALED,
FREE. ■ V<:
Dr. M. A. fflcLaughlin; jag^-Mra *>&
Office Hours— B «-m. to 8:30 p.m.; EunJaya. IP to I. HRVER SOLD IN" DRUCJSTOItE3L
GOOD YEAR FOR
MERCHANT MARINE
Bureau of Navigation
Receives Reports.
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
WASHINGTON. July 2.-The fiscal year
which ended on Friday was exceptional
for the American merchant marine in sev
eral respect?. Pull report? will not be
received by the Bureau of Navigation for
several weeks, but returns already re
ceived to warrant these statements.
The total output of American ship
yards has been the largest in any year
fur the last quarter of a century, •
1 1881, when 1384 vessels of 360,302 gross tuns
I were built and documented in the United
States. During the past fiscal year the
construction of merchant vessels, offi
cially returned, has consisted of 1129 ves
sels of 320.57>; gross tuns. Besides these
twenty-two vessels of foreign construction
: nirure gat-ing 30,181 gross tons have been
admitted to American registry. It is also
i n ported from Manila that since last Au
gust 141 vessels have been transferred
from the hands of the Spanish, German
and British subjects to Americans, indi
cating the confidence of the business men
of Manila in the American Government.
The tonnage of these vessels has not yet
! been reported and the transfer does not
I carry with it all the rights or American
registry. Had the Senate- passed the
House bill for the registry of Hawaiian
Is the total additional tonnage to our
' merchant fleet during the year would
i have reached nearly 100,000 tons. Our
! largest annual production was in 1555,
when 2027 vessels of $83,450 tons were built
i and documented. During 1898 Great Brlt
'am built 1549 vessels of 1,390,114 tons. The
| difference in the kind of vessel built is
! roughly disclosed by the average size,
i our construction averaging only about 225
tons, while the British averages 900 tons.
Nearly all of our new tonnage is built
to navigate in the coasting trade reserved
Ito American vessels. The only steamship
built directly for the foreign trade \ver«
the Havana and Mexico of the New York
and Cuba Mail and the four "admiral"
steamships for Cuba and Jamaica, aggre
gating 10.750 tons, which were built under
the postal subsidy act. In anticipation of
legislation at the coming session, haw
! ever, construction has begun or been con
| tracted for on about 100,000 tons of steel
! steamship for foreign trade and trade
; with Hawaii and Porto Rico, involving
an expenditure of about $15,000,1
For the first time In our history, on
June .TO, the total tonnage of our steam
vessels, when tabulated, will exceed the
t,it;ii '>f ;>ll other kinds of documented
vessels. During the year, however, 460
i sail vessels of 96,468 tons have been built,
I compared with 426 of 42,502 tons for the
previous year, while the steam vessels
built numbered 47s of 167,851 tons, com
pared with 448 of 110.128 tons for the pre
■ vious year. In certain trades our large
: sailing vessels endeavor t<> compete with
foreign cargo steamships and doubtless
will continue to do so. at all events un
til the construction of the Nicaraguan
canal.
A notable vessel is the John Smeaton,
a steel schooner of f-040 grr,pp tons, built
at West Superior. Wls., probably the
largest tore and aft vessel ever built.
The largest sea-going sailing vessel built
in Europe in lv.<S was the Ernest Siegfried
of Havre. 3214 tons.
For the first time in our history Bteel
, has become the principal material in our
! annual construction of rigged vessels. tie
Steel tonnage for the year being 133,991
tons, wood 130,309 tons. Iron has ceased to.
bo ? shipbuilding material, only <>ne ves
el of nine tons having been built of iron.
i During 1898 in Great Britain 96 per cent or
practically the whole construction except
small fishing vessels was of steel.
Unique Church Services.
STOCKTON, July 2.— Two church serv-.
ices out of the usual order were held this*
evening. At the Central M. E. Church Dr.
Evans delivered a stirring address on
American history, and Miss Clara Shep
herd, daughter of Chairman D. C. Shep
herd of the Supervisors, read the Declara
tion of Independence to the audience. Pa
triotic songs followed. Rev. Mr. Lurulv
of the First Presbyterian Church gave an.
Illustrated lecture upon the "Stockton
Flout Mills." He told many old-timer*
much that was new to them about the
chief industry of their city, and then
based many gospel precepts on lessons
(earned from the wheat in the hands of
the miller.SOLDIERS
DO BATTLE
WITH A MOB
Severe Fighting Accompan
ies Rioting in Spanish
Cities.
imCKSJN JESUITS
At Valencia the Malcontents Erect
Barricades, Which Are Charged
by Cavalry.
VALENCIA, Spain, July 2.— Very se
rious disturbances are in progress
Under the orders of the captain
..; of Valencia, General Molto, the
troops occupied the streets yesterday
morning, and now hold all the stra
nts.
In the beginning of the riot? the
mob placed obstacles on the street rail
way tracks and stopped the cars, ston
ing the gendarmes when they tried to
remove the barriers. Finally the troops
charged and the first shots were fired.
Several persons were wounded. In one
a bullet passed through a shop
and killed a shop assistant within.
As the day advanced the disorders in
creased. The tro< ; 3 "<■•'-- stationed at
many points, and the artillery was held
in readiness. The rioters thereupon
erected barru"»d- s, which the cavalry
captured fierce righting, in
which many were wound
At B ist evening the mob at
tacked a monastery, and the brother
who was acting as gate porter was
obligi fend himself with a re
volver. it then moved upon a Jesuit
which had a narrow escape from
ground, the troops
arriving just in the nick of time to pre
ob setting it on fire. An enor
number of arrests have been
1 known how many men
been wounded.
At a late h<>ur last evening the gen
held a conference and decided t"
continue the military occupation of all
points of vantage. The Mayor of Va
ued a proclamation calling
upon the people to cease resisting the
lots were renewed to-day
• ters stoned the gendarmerie
in the barracks. It is reported that a
darmes was severely in
jured by flying missiles.
MADRID, July from Se
and Saragossa report all as quiet
lay, but the precautionary
ontinued. There has been
a slight disturbance in Cunstantina, in
: Seville. At Badalona,
about six miles northeast of Barcelona,
more than thirty persons were injured
during the rioting yesterday, some fa
tally. After a largely attended
meeting in Barcelona to-day in
the revision o-f the trial
1 anarchists now impris
oned at Mont Juich for complicity in
th- bomb-throwing during the Corpus
Christl pt", . ssion, a formidable demon
stration was made against the Jesuit
nt. The gendarmes, who were
summoned, were received with volleys
of stones. They charged the rioters,
injuring many.
The Minister of War, General Pola
vieja, after a prolonged conference I
day the Premier, Senor Silvela,
nted to reduce the budget esti
: the strength of the active
army from 107,000 to 80,000 men.
The disorders in Barcelona were re
l after the bull fight. A crowd at
tacked a party of monks who recently
returned from the Philippines. The po
lice rescued the monks with some dif
flculty. The mob th^n paraded the
streets, closing shops and stoning the
Cathedral, several churches and the
Jesuit convent, as well as the street
railway cars. The gendarmes were pow
- to restore order.
MUTINY ABOARD THE
CRUISER PANTHER
Ihe Crew Objected to the Quality
of Food Furnished
Them.
PHILADELPHIA, July 2.— A local pa
per will to-morrow publish a story to the
effect that a mutiny developed on the
r Panther, now at league Island
Navy Yard, while on her way from San
Juan. Porto Rico, to this port, and that
It wa-s necessary to place twenty-four m<_-n
In irons.
According to the story, while the
Panther was at San Juan in command of
Captain George C. It-it -r the greater por
tion of her crew rebeled against the food
and a.sk'-'. to be transferred elsewhere.
Several d< sertlons occurred, and the de
parture of the cruiser, it is said, was
hastened for fear she would be so seri
ously crippli : from this cause that she
when her time came would be unable to
leave.
On the voyage home it became necessary
to place a number of th«- crew in con
finement, althoi ■ was no open i r
violent breach ol discipline manifested. It
is ptated that the Insubordination has
been reported to the Navy Department at
"Washington, but no Information regarding
the affair could be gleaned to-day from
the navy yard officials nor from the offi
cers of the Panther.
CHINESE MINISTER HAS
RETURNED FROM EUROPE
Interviewed the Queen Regent and
the Boy King of
Spain.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— Minister Wu
Ting Fang of China returned to the city
to-day from a three months' European
trip, which he made to present his cre
dentials as Minister to Spain, as well as
the I'nited States. Concerning the Queen
Reg) nt and her son, he said:
"The Quoin Regent is a good woman,
whom I admire very much. She has
many gracious qualities and has the love
of her country ;tt heart. Any unpopular
ity which may exist toward her is due en
tirely i" the fact that she is a foreigner
by birth. The boy King, whose birthday
anniversary 1 attended while in Madrid,
is a bright and sensible lad, who speaks
several languages, though he appears to
be Bomewhat delicate in health."
It was suggested to the Minister that
the discussion regarding the dismember
ment of China had subsided recently, to
which he made an affirmative reply. He
expressed himself as highly Incredulous
:>f the reports coming from Vancouver of
the probable abdication of the Emperor.
This is entirely unlikely, he said, Inas
much as the reigning monarch was put
on the throne by the Empress Dowager,
whose nephew he also Is.
Killed by a Streetcar.
!,OS ANGELES, July 2.— Jacob Brau, a
baker, who came from San Francisco
three months aeo, where his wife has a
.bakery on Mission street, was last night
struck by a Boyle Heights streetcar. He
rli<-<! early this morning from concussion
of the brain.
Bobber Makes a Good Haul.
DUTCH FLAT STATION, July 2.— The
f John Merlach at Gold Run was
oroken into this morning while the pro
prietor was at breakfast. Eight hundred
lollara in gold was taken from the back
room, where the money was kept In a i
jox of old papers.
RUIN AND
DEATH ON
THE BRAZOS
Damage to Property by the
Flood Reaches Into the
Millions.
HEAVY im_ OF LIFE
Hundreds of Imperiled Persons
Rescued by Means of impro
vised Rafts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex.. .T\ily 2.— There is no im- '
provement in the distressing situation in
the extensive flooded districts of Central
- uthern Texas. <»n the contrary the
Inundation is growing worse. There has j
been another twenty-four hours of heavy. ,
continuous rains, which added to the •
already unprecedented volumes of water
in the rivers and creek:-: of the richest 1
agricultural region In the State. There '
to be no end to the rainfall. The 1
Si a of water now extends from the north ]
central part of the State to the Gull a ,
distance uf 300 miles and more, and with | ,
an average width of probably seventy- 1
five miles. The great flood began nearly
a week ago. and the suffering of the peo- '
pie in the inaccessible localities that are '
surrounded and completely cut off from ,
communication with the outside world h
must be severe. j 1
Every possible effort is being made to j 1
'rescue the unfortunate men, women and
children thus situated, and all to-day res
cuers plied the turbulent waters in im- '
provised boats and rafts picking up the : (
stranded people and conveying them to
higher land.
Railroad official? can do nothing to im
prove the situation to their damaged
properties. More costly bridges are re
ported to have been swept away tO-day,
among them being that of the Missouri,
Kansas and Texas road over Little River.
All traffic over that division was sus
pended last night. Freight and passenger
business is at a standstill.
'I'll.- International and Great Northern:
Railroad this morning started .nit a large,
wrecking force to work in the water be
tween here and Hearne to replace the
track and bridges, it has Beveral bridges
to be replaced and much of its track has
been under water. The Houston and
Texas Central does not expect to get its
trains running for six days yet. The
track is four feet under water for much . '
uf its way from Hearnfi down, and as (
a number of bridges have been washed 1
away and workmen cannot get at the j
creeks to replace them, owing to the rag- |
Ing torrents they will of necessity have to i
wait until the waters subside.
The estimated damage of $4,000,000 to the !
country tributary to the Brazos Valley
is none too high, as reports received to
day and to-night merely confirm the tale
of loss and suffering reported yesterday.
The loss of life, though heavy, will not be
as lurge as reported, and will be princl- ,
pally among the negroes.
The Southern Pacific is standing the j
floods better than any other trunk line in '
the State.. That road has profited by past
experience and its roadbed, track and
bridges are far above high-water mark
of the raging rivers.
Arrivals from Chappel Hill to-day say
scores of houses have passed down the
Brazos River near there during the last
twenty-four hours. The carcasses of hun
dreds of cattle, horses and other livestock
have floated by.
Judging from the number of residences
in the. river, there must have 1 n much
destruction of property at points above
there. It is still impossible to verify at
this time the numerous reports of loes of
life in the bottoms of the IJrazos. and its
tributaries. The earlier reports of heavy
loss of life in Robertson County, caused!
by a meeting of the waters of the Brazos
and Little Brazos rivers, have been con- 1
firmed.
The information received here to-day I
from Calvert, which Is In the midst of the
scene of the destruction, is meager, but l
is to the effect that over seventy persons '
are missing. Nine bodies have been re
covered. The floods of the two river? :
came up so suddenly that the negroes
living between the water courses had no
opportunity to escape. They were caught !
in a trap and drowned.
N. R. Bagley, a commission man of \
Kansas City, arrived to-day direct from '
the Hooded region uf Dewitt and adjoin
ing counties. He was directing the ship-,
ment of watermelons when the big rise
occurred. He estimates that over 1000
cars of watermelons of that section were
sw-ppt away by the high waters.
He said: "No one would believe the
extent and the terrible effects of the flood
iii Walter and other counties in the
Colorado and Brazos valleys unless he
had seen for himself. I can not describe
It better than to say that the whole coun
try is under water. I saw hundreds of
horses and cattle standing in fields with j
the water up to their necks. It has
taken me four flays to get from Cuero to
Austin. Many miles of railroads are un- j
der water and in some places an effort is j
being made to run local passenger trains i
with water covering the track to a depth
of nearly three feet. It is not only the
Colorado and Brazos that are inflicting I
great damage, but small streams also are
:! ling the country."
It is estimated that over 2000 wagon
road bridges have been washed away In 1
the counties comprising the flooded dis- ;
trlct. The loss from this source alone is j
v. rv heavy. In some counties as many i
as 200 bridges are gone.
The Bosque is the latest river to got on
a rampage. A telephone message was j
received here to-day -from Walnut j
Bprings stating that that stream was
out of its banks, and that thousands of
acres of shocked wheat had been swept
away. It had also washed away several i
miles of track of the Houston and Texas
Central road, as well as two bridges near,
Walnut Spring?.
HOMESTEAD STRIKE
IS INSIGNIFICANT
Not Enough Men Out to Interfere
With the Working of
the Plant.
PTTTSBT'RO, July 2.— The strike at the
Homestead plant of the Carnegie Com
pany, which was expected to assume
large proportions to-night, did not ma
terialize in a degree appreciable to the
uninitiated.
Newspaper men were escorted through
the mills to-night for the purpose of giv
lng them ocular proof of the company s
claims that all departments were in op
eration. To the reporters every branch
seemed to be working to the limit.
Both Bides claim to be satisfied, the
company because it feels assured that the
attempted strike is a failure; the amal
gamated association. because it has
gained many new members and expects
to Becure many more during the Fourth
of July holiday.
Crowds at the Seaside.
SANTA CRT'Z, July 2.— Santa Cruz is
entertaining an enormous number of
visitors. Every train yesterday and to
day had extra coaches crowded with
.summer excursionists. The baggage
mastcr handled more baggage yesterday
than on any previous day except one.
and that was one of the days during the
first water carnival held Ln Santa Cruz.
The mountains received an immense
crowd, and the woods around Felton,
Ben I/omond and Boulder Creek are full
of campers, and every hotel and board-
Ing house is full to overflowing.
Dewey Torpedoes Tabooed.
STOCKTON, July 2.— Chief of Police
Gall has issued an order forbidding: the
explosion of the "Dewey torpedoes" on
the Fourth. The Chief is acting under
instructions from the Police and Fire
Commissioners. Considerable annoy
ance and danger have already been caused
by the dangerous explosive, and parents
are formally requested to co-operate
with the officers in suppressing. this
dangerous form of celebration, v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 3, 1899.
TWO CITIES CHOOSE
FAIR YOUNG RULERS
Nina M. Luce, Who Will
Reign at Healdsburg.
HKALDSBURG, July 2.— The glo
rious Fourth will be celebrated in
Healdsburg in grand style. Every
preparation is complete. Hon. T. J.
Geary of Santa Rosa will be Ihe orator.
Many floats have been entered for the
parade and the celebration will un
doubtedly be the bbete c t witnessed in
Sonoma County in many years.
Miss Nina Luce, a handsome blonde
of eleven summers, has been chosen as
Goddess of Liberty.
Sports of all kinds will fill out the
afternoon. One of the principal events
will be a hose contest between Healds
burg and Cloverdale firemen. The cel
ebrate n will conclude with a grand
display of fireworks and a ball in the
evening.
Angels' Goddess of Liberty.
ANGELS CAMP. July 2.— Miss Mary
Peirano, the young lady who won in
the contest for goddess of liberty at
this place, is the daughter of Stephen
Peirano. an old resident. She is 18
years of ase and a great favorite
among her acquaintances. Miss
Peirano will make an ideal sovereign
to rule on the nation's natal day.
Stockton's Big Parade.
STOCKTON. July 2.— A1l is ready for
Tuesday's celebration. After several
days' hard work the parade committee
feels satisfied that its efforts to make a
notable feature of the parade will be
crowned with success. The formation
of the line is announced as follows:
First division— Platoon of police; Grand
Marshal J. R- Koch; Sixth Regiment
Band; Companies A and B. National
Guard- Columbia. Miss Bessie Smith,
QUIET ROYALIST
MOVE IN CUBA
A Weil-Known Cuban
General at Its Head.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA. July 2.— La I.ucha will to
morrow publish a statement regarding
matters which its conductors say they
have been investigating and carefully
guarding for several weeks, owing to the
reticence of those concerned and the de
sire of the latter to avoid a premature
disclosure, leading to a possible failure
of their plans. The paper will say:
"Cuba during the last few months had
been a land of many surprises. The latest
is the establishment of a royalist party.
The new organization is unimportant at
present, probably numbering fewer than
fifty members, but a well known Cuban
general, who claims to be a descendant
of Charlemagne, is reported to be the
head of the party, and the meeting place
is usually the Inglaterra Cafe. The Cu
ban general In question is said to be dls
satislied with American rule. He thinks
that what Cuba needs is not a republic
but a strong hand at the helm like his
own. He is of the opinion that the people
of the Latin race prefer royalty and the
possible honors accruing under a mon
"^TThe Cuban general referred to Is un
derstood to deny that he is the head of a
party with such objects, but there is con
siderable evidence that sui-h a movement
is on foot He is the officer who was re
cpntlv reported to Governor General
Brooke lor collecting 30 centimes fnun a
Spanish merchant on the ground thai it
was an assessment for a fund devoted to
driving out the intervenors."
General Ludlow has been made aware
of his successful attempts to collect
money from gambling houses under
threats to use his influence to have them
closed if the proprietors refused his de
mands For political reasons it has not
been considered advisable thus far to pro
ceed against him. but he has been warned
to discontinue these practices, and it is
believed now that he Is more interested
in making money than starting a new
According to such other reports of this
bombastic scheme as have leaked out, the
promoter has represented that he will
persuade a majority of the Alcaldes to
give the movement their support by prom
ising to make them dukes, counts and
barons. It is also in the plans to form a
Cuban Legion of Honor. Several persons
who affect to believe that such a scheme
might succeed say the outcome will de
pend largely on the charm of novelty with
a populace" judiciously prepared to em
brace the ideas.
The theory ia that it would be accept
able to such families as already have
titles of Spain and to Spaniards residing
in Cuba who. owing to business or other
considerations, have been compelled to
forfeit their patents of nobility. The pro
moters of the movement allege that they
expect llnancial assistance from these
sources, as the plan promises to substi
tute equal dignities and positions for
those that have been forfeited.
FREIGHT AND EXCURSION
TRAINS CRASH TOGETHER
Fifty Cars Wrecked and Many
People Injured at
Winsford.
LONDON, July 2.— Many people were
Injured in a railway wreck at Winsford,
near Crewe, in Chestershire, last evening
Just before midnight.
A freight train on a siding overshot the
buffers and left the rails. Another
freight train collided with the wreckage
and caused a partial fall of a railway
bridge. Then a crowded excursion train
ran into the streets. Upward of fifty
tars were wrecked.
Run Down by a Horse.
YT'BA CITY, July 2.— TV. H. Campbell,
Deputy Assessor of this county, was
knocked down and run over this fore
noon by a runaway horse, which he was
trying to stop. He was Injured on the
head and breast and suffered concussion
of the brain. His condition is serious.
Drowning of a Chinese.
SACRAMENTO, July 2.— A Chinese
named Lee Doo, from San Francisco, a
musician in the Bing Hong Tong here,
•was drowned to-day while swimming in
the river. . _
Miss Mary Peirano. Goddess
of Liberty at Los Angeles.
with float; Uniform Rank Knights of
Pythias, commanded by General Kidd;
Knights of Pythias and float; Rathbone
Sisters and flout; Mexican war veteran-;
ancient artillery; California Pioneers;
orator of the day and Mayor in carriages.
Second division— Marshal C. B. Manthey
and aids; Stockton Drum Corps; Stockton
Letter Carriers; Stockton Exempt l<ir<»
Company, "the boys In rod," with hand
engine- steanv-rs; hook and ladder; auto
mobile and float; Terminal City Wheel
men and float; Red Men and float; Kau
Wav Nita Council and float; Iroquoi*
Braves mounted; burlesque and float;
Stockton Athletic Association and float;
Oriental Annex, two orchestras nnd float;
ancient Chinese warriors: Young Men-*
Christian Association and float; City
Council; reader of the poem and Declara
tion of Independence.
Third division-Marshal H. C. Bender
and aids: cavalcade; Woodmen of the
World and float; Caledonians and float;
Hiawatha Council and Boat; Portuguese
Society; watermelon float; Stockton Brass
Band;' Native Sons and float; citizens in
carriages.
The Fourth at Vacaville.
VACAVILLE, July 2.— The citizens of
Vacaville have made lavish prepara
tions for a celebration on the Fourth.
Contributions have poured in not alone
from the townspeople, but from rural
residents, who feel that they can spare
a. few dollars toward making this Vaca
ville's banner celebration. Fruit grow
ers -who were formerly pinched for
money are now receiving good prices
for their fruit, and at the end of the
season will have a splendid bank ac
count.
MINERS MADE
NO OUTBREAK
Another Quiet Day at
Carterville.
MILITIA TAKE POSSESSION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. I.OUIS. July 2.— A special to the Re
public from Cartervllle, 111., says that had
it not been for the militia patrollng the
streets to-day, strangers would hardly
guess that the little city was in the midst
of a struggle berween capital and labor.
Both sides in the trouble between the
union miners and the non-union men lay
on their arms and there were no disturb
ances. The presence of troops quieted
matters and allayed fears of riotous out
breaks.
In accordance with the orders issued by |
! Acting Governor Warder through Adju- |
\ tant General Recce last night, two com- j
i panics of militia, C of Carbondale, under
; Captain Barton, and F of Mount Vernon, j
i under Captain Pavey, arrived at Carbon
! dale on a special train to-day. There
they awaited the coming of Colonel j
Bennett of Greenville, who arrived at
noon. He took command of the troops
and the special arrived at Cartervllle at
1 p. m. They immediately camped in a
grove on the outskirts of town.
A detachment of Company C was de- j
j tailed to patrol the roads leading to the !
; Brush mines and a detail of Company D
patroled the outskirts of town.
Colonel Culver of the Sixth Illinois
Regiment came down from Springrield on !
the noon train as the representative of i
; Ac-ting Governor Warder to look over the |
situation. The business men and citizens
generally of Carterville expressed dis
approval of the action of the Acting Gov
ernor in sending the militia here.
No manifestation of hostility was made
toward the soldiers by the crowd that
had assembled at the station when they
came in, but the consensus of opinion was
i that there was no occasion for their pres- :
j enee here. Sheriff Gray was roundly do- j
nounced by several merchants for his :
telegrams *to the Governor, which re
sulted in the calling out of the troops.
i This afternoon a delegation of merchants
| and property-owners called on Colonel
Culver to protest against the presence
I of the troops and to ask their withdrawal. ;
The members of the delegation Btated
that Sheriff Gray had not exhausted his i
resources to prevent a conflict and that •
he did not even attempt to raise a posse;
I furthermore, that he was not at the scene I
! of the trouble more than three hours dur- i
ing the two days it lasted.
At the meeting of the leading merchants '
of the town Saturday night, $450 was
raised to defray the expenses of sending
away the non-union miners in the Brush
shaft. The miners have expressed their
willingness to go, and had it not been for
the arrival of the militia to-uay it is said
that within forty-eight hours not one of '
the negroes would be in the mine. As it
is the citizens fear that their purpose has
been temporarily thwarted, but hope is ,
expressed that the existing agreement
may still be carried out and a peaceful .
solution of the difficulty arrived at.
FIFTEEN MORE FEVER
CASES IN SANTIAGO
Troops Have Been Removed From
the Infected Camp to a More
Healthy Place.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 2.— Ten j
new cases of yellow fever were reported
yesterday and five have been reported to- j
day. This raises the total number of cases j
to seventy-four. No deaths have been ;
reported to-day.
The United States troops have all been I
removed from the infected camp, but the i
doctors seem unable to check the progress !
of the disease among them. The camp, i
which is on the road to El Morro and in :
a hilly country, was chosen because of its
known salubrity and perfect sanitary j
conditions. There are no cases of yellow j
fever in the city.
Bryan's Sentiments.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York '
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor- j
don Kennett.
RIO DB JANEIRO, July 2.— Dispatches j
from Bahia say that United States Minis- j
ter Bryan's presence at the banquet at |
Alagoas was the occasion for great j
demonstration of sympathy. Mr. Bryan ;
said that it gave him great pleasure to
see the United States and Brazilian flags
side by side, and that the two nations
would advance together to foster civil
lzatlon, peace and the union of America.
RINGLEADERS
OF RIOTERS
DECAPITATED
Twenty Koreans Executed
and Their Heads Exhib
ited as a Warning.
EMPEHORJS4LARMBD
Instructions Issued to Garrisons to
Suppress the Growing
Insurrections.
Special Dlspatrh to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., July 2.— Oriental
, advices received to-day state that
twenty ringleaders of the rioters who
! destroyed and burned electric tramway
curs at Seoul last month were executed :
in public at Korea's capital four weeks j
! ago. They met their fate bravely, i
1 Their heads were cut off and exhibited ;
in public places as a warning to all
evil doers.
It was believed that this summary
action would also have an important j
influence upon the leaders of the j
\ Korean rebellion, which was assuming
large proportions. At last accounts in
' surgents were marching toward Seoul.
The Emperor and his Cabinet are
thoroughly alarmed. A late message
states that the Government at Seoul
! has Issued instructions to the garri
: sons of Kungju and Chullju to proceed
to Kofu to suppress the insurrection.
A telegram from Chemulpo says the
i Japanese charge d'affaires at Seoul has
■ ; sent a letter to the Korean Govern
• : tnent advising it to abolish laws for the
' punishment of accomplices in treason
; I and other capital offenses. This would
. ! have the effect of allaying the fears of
i I the ignorant country people who have
i been le<i into the rebellion and then
i kept in the insurgent ranks by threats
that they would otherwise be exposed
to the Government agents and decapi
tated for treason.
STREET CARS COLLIDE
WITH FATAL RESULTS
Three Killed and Many Injured in
Two Pennsylvania
Wrecks.
PHILADELPHIA. July 2.— A collision
of electric cars occurred to-night on the
Willow Grove division of the Union Trac
tion Company near Branchtown, at the
extreme northern edge of the city. J. T.
C;irr, a reporter for the Evening Bulle
tin, was killed and several people badly
injured. Herbert Fitzgerald, a passen
ger, and William Alexander, the motor
man of the second car, were seriously in
jured and three or four others sustained
severe bruises or contusions.
A car had lost the trolley, and becom
ing darkened was not seen by the car
which followed, and the latter cra.~h"d
into the former while going at full speed.
Carr was on the rear platform of the first
car. Carr was about 19 years old. He
was a student at the University of Penn
sylvania and pulled the bow oar in the
freshman eight at Poughkeepsie last
week.
PITTSKURG. July 2.— As a result of a
street car collison to-night on the road of
the Monongahela Traction Company, two
people are dead, five seriously injured
and ten others more or less hurt. The
dead are:
O. C. Opslon of 4741 Friendship avenue,
this city.
W. H. Kirkland, motorman, of Brad
dock.
Seriously injured: H. H. Smith, tailor.
IMttsburg; Mrs. Anna Lawler, Logan
street, Pittsburg; Miss Jennie Cosby,
Columbus. U. : A. Report, Allegheny; Miss
Armstrong, right leg broken.
The accident happened on a gte*-p grade
near High Bridge. The two cars in col
lision were heavily loaded with passen
gers returning from Kennwood Park.
Motorman Griffith stopped his car near
the bottom of the hill to get a drink of
water at a spring near by. He had hardly
left his car when the electric current, for
some reason as yet unexplained, wa.s
shut off, leaving the car in darkness. Mo
torman Kirkland, with his car, followed
shortly afterward, and as the foremost
car was In darkness, it could not be seen
until too late to check the speed. The
rear car crashed into the other with ter
rific force, almost telescoping it. Mr. Op
sion was standing on the rear platform of
the first car and received the full force of
the impact. Both of his legs were cut off
and his skull crushed. He lived but a
short time.
Kirkland was badly mangled, his head
and body being crushed. He lived about
an hour.
OIL TRUST LOOKING
FOR STREET RAILROADS
Ag-ent of the Combine Inspecting
Lines in Many
Cities.
STOrK CITY. July 2.— The great
Standard Oil Trust poems to he reaching
after the street railway lines In a number
of Western cities. Among them are said to
be those in Kansas City, Omaha, Sioux
City. Minneapolis and St. Paul. It has
just been learned that a New York en
gineering expert of the Standard Oil Com
pany was in S.oux City two days last
week inspecting the lines and property of
the Sioux City Traction Company, and it
leaked out that he came to Sioux City
from Omaha, where he spent four days on
the same mission, and that his inspection
of the Kansas City properties occupied :
eight days.
He went from Sioux City to Minne
apolis and is now either in that city or
St. Paul. It was Impossible to learn the
name of the expert as great secrecy is be- ;
ing maintained and, of course, nothing re- '
gardTng the report he will make can be !
obtained direct. From a reliable, source
it was learned that the report spoke in
favorable terms of the Kansas City and
Omaha properties and that he said the
St. 'Joseph. Mo., system was not being
considered.
SABBATH SERVICES OF
EPWORTH LEAGUERS
In His Sermon Rev. H. W. Knicker
bocker Urges the Necessity
of a Broader Creed.
SANTA ROSA. July 2.— No sessions of
the Epworth League Convention were
held to-day, the Sabbath being devoted
exclusively to religious observance. At
11 o'clock this morning a powerful ser
mon was preached at the Fifth-street M.
E Church by Rev. H. W. Knickerbocker.
A large congregation was present. The
text was taken from James ii:l9. The
preacher urged the necessity of a broader
creed.
This afternoon two rallies were held—
one at 3:30 and one at 6:30. Miss Eleanor
Yeargin led the junior rally and Rev.
"Will Acton the senior rally. To-night at
8 o'clock Rev. I. F. Betts preached to a
crowded congregation at league head
quarters.
TRUSTS IN MEXICO.
Cigarettes and Beer Under the Con
trol of Combines.
GUADALAJARA. Mexico. July 2.— The
trust idea is rapidly gaining a foothold
in Mexico. The formation of the cigarette
manufacturers trust has just been com
pleted. A movement is now on foot to
combine all the breweries of the country.
The capital of the new syndicate is
$5,000,000. Options have been secured on
the large breweries of this city, Mon
terey, Toluc, Orizaba and ChiiiuaJiua,
SYMPATHY
FOR DREYFUS
INCREASES
Invited by the Prince of Mo
naco to Pay a Visit to
His Chateau.
SWORD FOR MARTYR
Women of Atlanta Will Present a
Jeweled Blade to Replace
the One Broken.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tort
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Uor
don Bennett.
PARIS, July 2.— The Figaro pub- J
lishes the following letter from the
Prince of Monaco to Mrae. Dreyfus:
Madame: You have with admirable I
i courge defended the honor of jour bus
| band, and triumphant justice briny* to
I you the reparation due. In order to Help
; you to forget such suffering and sucti
: grief 1 invite your husband to come t'»
I mv Chateau de Marchais so soon as the |
I holy work of justice has been accom- j
I plished. The presence of the martyr to- i
ward whom the conscience of humanity
- turned in its anguish will honor my ;
I house. Among the sympathy which you
receive none is more sincere and none
more respectful than mine.
Th 3 Chateau de Marehais, the au- i
I tumn residence of the Prince of Mo- i
' naco, is, says the Figaro, in Aisne De- |
partment, twenty kilometers from
L.aon.
Captain Coffiniere de Nordeck, com
! mander of the French cruiser Sfax, !
which brought Captain Dreyfus to
France, says in an interview published ;
that he was struck by the immense
power of self-control displayed by Cap
-1 tain Dreyfus during the voyage. The
i prisoner's attitude throughout was !
j "one of irony and disdain." He had
! been suffering severely from sea sick
i ness when he was transferred to the j
! Sfax, but he walked with firm tread !
iand during the entire trip never showed
a sign of weakness or nervousness.
Captain Dreyfus was ignorant of the ;
fact that a new court-martial awaited j
him and remained in ignorance during
the first part of the voyage. When he
was finally informed not a muscle of
I his face moved. He merely said: "I
| have no ill will toward anybody. I
! shall be glad to re-enter the army,
which I have never ceased to love."
He did not allude to the subject
again during the voyage. Most of the
time he passed in reading.
As the outcome of the Government's
prudence all Franco remains tranquil, j
Maitres Demange and Laborie, with
Mathieu Dreyfus and his wife, arrived
this* evening. The town is quite tranquil.
Maitre Laborie, who will defend Cap
tain Dreyfus before the court-martial. \
has never yet seen him, and Mme. Drey
fus has only obtained permission to visit
her husband thrice weekly for an hour. ,
His composure is the theme of all '
j tongues. It seems that on the train one ;
i of the. officers began to read a newspaper, <
! but although Dreyfus had not seen a pa
per since he left France he did not dis- i
play the slightest interest. He speaks
very little and seems 10 suffer a partial
paralysis of speech, owing to his long <
silence. Even on hoard the Sfax he had i
to communicate with the officers by writ- ;
| ing. He is credited on good authority j
with the following:
"My condemnation and sentence were
I the symbol of anti-Jewish odium. My
i Judges were involuntarily deceived. May
j my undeserved expiation put an end to
all racial or religious feuds in the army
and in that France which I have passion
ately loved and served."
To-morrow Maitre Demange will give
him a written statement of all that hap
pened and fully explain the situation.
RENNES, July 2.— Mme. Dreyfus had a ;
third interview with her husband this !
afternoon. She found him much better.
He received her with smiles instead of
tears. Overdoses <>f quinine while on
Devils Island left him with a serious in- j
digestion. He expresses himself con
vinced that he will be acquitted.
ATLANTA, Ga., July 2.— Mrs. Jos. T. J
Eichberg of Atlanta, assisted by sev
eral leading women of this city, has :
started a movement to raise $2000 with
j which to purchase a fine jeweled
: sword to be presented to Captain •
Dreyfus. Mrs. Eichberg thinks the
sword of the captain, which was ]
broken to disgrace him, should be re
placed by one presented by his Ameri
can friends, and she is actively en
gaged in obtaining subscriptions before
ordering the sword in New York to be i
j handed to Captain Dreyfus at the end j
I of his trial in Kennes. Much interest j
has been aroused in the movement, j
especially among the Atlanta Hebrews,
and there seems no doubt that funds
will be quickly raised. Mrs., Eichbers
will ask the French Government for
permission to present the sword.
PASS A NIGHT ON
A YOSEMIT C PEAK
Two Women and a Girl Have an Un
comfortable Experience While
Out Sight-Seeing.
TOSEMITE, July 2.— On tho heights <<i
Columbia Rock Miss Helen M. Brown of :
Utica, N. V., Mrs. Mary A. Knapp of j
Boston and little Hazel Knox, aged only '
12, of Merced had an experience last nip'nt
that will always recall their visit to the |
Yosemite. Columbia Rock is on the trail
to Easle Peak. The rock is on the edge !
of a precipice and an iron railing has
been put there to give nervous people a
sense of security while viewing the val
ley beneath.
When the ladies reached the point last \
evening on their return from Eagle j
Peak the stars were shining over the
great gorge of the Yosemite. Below them j
was a mile or more of zi^zip trail, and j
the edge of the precipice was too un- ,
comfortably clos=e to permit them to pro- ;
ceed without considerable danger. To .
remain where they were meant safety, j
their only fear being that a stray bear
or mountain lion might chance that way.
It did not take them long to decide to .
remain on the rock. They could see the
lights from the hotel and camps below.
A dance was being held on the platform
at the Sentinel and they heard the music
and the different calls.
On their failure to return to the Curry !
camp the guardian was notified and a '
searching party of three was soon |
climbing the trail. It had provisions,
bedding and ropes, but fortunately none
of these were required, except the food.
As the party ascended the trail it blew
a horn, reminding one of rescuing parties
of the Alps.
At 12:30 o'clock the climbers reached >
Columbia Rock and there pistol shots j
told the anxious watchers below that the j
lost party had been found and was safe. ]
WRESTS A PISTOL
FROM A ROBBER
PRESCOTT, Ariz., July 2.— A masked !
man entered the O. K. saloon kept by |
"Tommy" Smith a little before midnight j
last night and leveled a revolver at Smith
with the usual "Throw up your hands" !
remark. Instead of complying. Smith
wrested the revolver from the would-be j
robber's grasp and clubbed the fellow into j
unconsciousness with it.
Then he called an officer, who placed |
the man in jail. Smith had between $300
and $400 in the saloon at the time.
Body Found in a Well.
MARYSVILLE. July 2.— The body of j
Christopher C. Hopkins, a pioneer resi
dent of this county, who was missing for
ten days, was found in a well at the Sim
coe farm, jjve wiles east of town to-day, j
Hopkins evidently fell in while repairing
the curbing to the well a week ago last
Wednesday. He was alone on the place
at the time. The body floated to the sur
face to-day.
WORK OF A FIREBUG.
One Hundred Persons Homeless in a
New Jersey Town.
NEW YORK, July 2.— An incendiary' I^6
at Summit, N. J.. to-day did H30.000 dam
age. The fire was discovered about 3
o'clock this morning in a barn in the rear
of a house owned by V. Vlcari, on I'nion
avenue. A high wind prevailed at the
time The fire communicated to a frame
building some distance away, and then de-
Btroyed about ten similar buildings ad
joining, wl.h-h were occupied as Btorea
and dwelling-houses. The tire got be
yond control and within a short time the
Agate Block, of five buildings, on T'nion
avenue owned by William C. Sheldon,
was in' flames. They were entirely de
stroyed. About 100 persons who lived in
the apartments over the stores were driv
en to the street and saved practically
nothing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 78,465] __
9
•'I was a sufferer from female weak-
ness. Every month regularly as the
menses came, I suffered dreadful pains
in uterus, ovaries
aare*jfiT99 nc\ were affected and
SUFFERING 1 had my children
GIVE PLAGE yer *' fast and {t
to perilous ' left me very weak.
i if r / &?s»»jw*3 A year ago t was
OF JO'/ j taken with flood-
~ ' ing 1 and almost
died. The doctor even gave me up and
wonders how I ever lived.
" 1 wrote for Mrs. Pinkham's advice
at Lynn, Mass., and took her medicine
and began to get well. I took several
bottles of the Compound and used the
Sanative Wash, and can truly say that
lam cured. You would hardly know
me, I am feeling and looking so well.
Lydia E. Pinkhams Vegetable Com-
pound made me what I am." — MBS.
J. F. Stretch, 461 Mechanic St.,
Camdex, N. J.
How Mrs. Brown Was Helped.
"I must tell you that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done
more for me than any doctor.
" I was troubled with irregular
menstruation. Last summer I began
the use of your Vegetable Compound,
and after taking two bottles, I have
been regular every month since. I
recommend your medicine to all." —
Mrs. Maggie A. Knows, West Ft.
Pleasant, N. J.
pkCTpQOANGER
V \ JfllllP^NjS^ Bnd TUMOR s CURED
tdlpsswiisSill woman's breast is
*w&m-**^ aJs__f *r When ifce cancer
'.d armpit gels large care is impossible.
Pace and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I hays Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St.. S. F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
1 B ■ &!9 nibs mr K^t fd k fiJB
la « fcH EBB SI vfj «L_^i
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
OF ANATOMY?
,1 £Tk 1051__«SST_T.tct.6_i_7ti,C.P.Cil.|i
\ Hf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the T
r—JU?*-. w 'o"<^ Weaknesses vr any contracted i
ffi^ttfy disease po«lil»<-ly mml hy the oldest "
(5 ITe5 R Specialist on the Cuul list. 36 year 9
A Afffj OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 3
\ ■ ftHflrJM Consultation free and strictly private \
a T, xSitW n Trr.itmeni petsonally or by letter. A A
MFI IIW \Vritelnrn.ii.k.l'Hll.OSOl'liVoli
VI II ll^fl H*»nl/IGE, MAILED FKtt. (AT
J- v* cJ' valuable book for mru) \
V f»R. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St:.S. F. V
.BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Kestoratlve. Invig-orator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac np.'l Special
, Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
. The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merita.
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
S|a>s; ¥ITALIS
THE NEW
cr-tir ioth D* r . «h« -^tL. >' ?S___K«*>!_ii
YITALIS "•*» *5 * R^ISFDY
Pnonm:STH£ABOTK SOth Day. El ft! kU 111
RESULTS, Hqaicklyisurelyr»moTM?rrrTou»ness. Impotency,
Nightly Emissions. Bril Dreams Wasting Diwos «nd all effecti
of splf-fihiiM- or excess an'! mdiscr-tion. Restores L^st Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and r t»nmp>
1 tion. Cnres when all others fail. Insist on tuning VITALIS,
; no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail *l.Ot>
; per r.irk.irp or six for i»S.OH with a guarantee to Cure o*
Rrlun! (he Money. Circular Fr»e. Adrirejs
j CAM MET CURE CO., Mil -.rborn M., CMrajo
Sold br Owl Drue Co., 3aldwln i'narioooy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Crant Drue Co.. li
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
fife. FAVOK3TE
r FAVORSTE
S, FOR WEAK WO MEM.
IMCnvi I LOST vigor;
— -AND MANHOOD
wSlfr* \; Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
SHn^feff diseases, all effects of self«abu*e, or excess ami '
/*-Tl indiscretion. A nerve«to_ic and bleed-builder.
t^4 Brings the pink glow to pale 'hecks and re
Ik K>». I stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
Rflj^ffiL boii 6 boxes for $2.50; with a writim
I Jrflg^^llf v guarantee to cure or refund the rncacy
Icrviu medica! Co., eHnton & 3acsson its., diHsss.
I B. U. Baldwin &. Co.. Druggists. 8 Market. S. K.
AffiisjSj&x'Ss^ RUPTURE.
®^\T7-/ 7 't?^_f^> SI:: xo MO«E IRON'
E^£w££fi)il^j£§&F -' •P3 or Steel Springs.
«|--?**lißtSJrS^-y^ Rupture retained with ea.so
«^^*_S?v"and comfort, and thousands radt-
-1 JMJI^ cally CURED by DR. PIERCE"9
% /Mar" Magnetic Elastic Truss. IT_7"Call at
w^ay office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 MarKet et.. opP. Palace Hotel, San iTran_lBCo
\A/. X. HESS.
HOTABV PUBLIC AND ATTOBSEI-AI LAW,
I Tenth .Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreciiels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California lit.. below £ow*U_
gaa Fr«agl«oo. ,—— - > — *- r—:
34
■MONDAY. JULY 3, 1899
:"•'•!- ' ; - JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
;■ }\ Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
•:' PUBLICATION. OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
;•• ..'. Telephone Main 1868.
.EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
.. ;■; " • ■ Telephone Main 1874.
".-' DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
••.. . ' : Single Copies. 5 cents.
••"• i' ' ■. ' Term » by Mail. Including- Postage:
DAILY CALL (including: S-iTiday Call), one year $G.OO i
: : ' BAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call), 6 month* 3.00 i
: EKAILY PALL 1 Including Sunday Call). 8 months I*s<>
'DAILY CALL— By Single Month ,-« (
SUNDAY CALL One Year *•'»«
WEEKLY CALL One Yaar 1 - < °
V-" All' postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
'■' Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
.OAKLAND OFFICE ._j 908 Broadway j
, . : . C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
.:•: .Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquetto Building.
•" : , . ' Chicago.
, .
'-.-: '"'■ ' . CHICAGO NEWS STANDS. I
-■; '.■-.' Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel; J
'. ■ Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
'"...■ I . NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS dR 29 Tribune Building
:■•"•; NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
" ':•■ Waldorf-Astor Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union S<ruare;
: Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (p. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
y .. C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
• BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street. open until
•' : , 9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
';.-■•. o'clock 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
,-." •■•.1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
•■' 'street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
' '.' Mission street, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
... •■ street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
". v second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
.;■■. AMUSEMENTS.
■ Columbia— "The Adventure of Lady Ursula."
■ : California— "A Midnight Bell."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
TLvoli— "Shamus O'Brien."
Alhan-.t.ra "Mignon."
Alcazar— "Don Caesar de Bazan" and "Only the Master
Shall Blame."
Grand Opera House— "The Beggar Student."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
lle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, Ptc.
A BRILLIANT HALF YEAR
THE half year just closed makes a fine exhibit. 1
The commercial situation shows no loss in
strength, and confidence in the future is a< fan- j
guine as ever. The amount oi business done during
the first half of 1899 was larger than ever before
known, while the general level of prices during
six months was the highest since the spring of 1893
The transportation companies report larger earnings,
i n gpii ■ ,'ering rates of transportation.
The failure- were 4852, with liabilities of $48,811,000,
; 6766, with liabilities of $71,246,000, during the
first half of 1898. Here in San Francisco the in
crea- - for the first half of the year is shown
by bank clearing- of 5443.200.000, against 397, i-v
last year.
There are at present no indications that the last half
of 1899 will make any poorer showing than the first |
half. True, .luring the past few weeks the gap be- !
tween the national exports and imports has been
steadily closing, and the former no longer exceed the ;
latter so enormously as at the beginning of the year.
They are still in large excess, however, and as lonj
we sell more than we buy we are all right.
The great staples continue firm, and are more ac
tive than usual at this time of the year, when the mid
summer heat throughout the Fast cuts down business
matetially. Ma,ny of the iron and steel works are so
ciowdcd with orders that they have passed the u-ual
bhutdown ai tin- season and will work right along.
Prices for iron and steel are easily maintained at
their present high level, though orders for distant
future delivery have fallen off of late. The market
pre-ents an Augean task for the furnaces, for they no (
sooner get one line of F.nropean contracts out of the
way than fresh orders come pouring in. Some fur
naces, indeed, have started in with orders for their
whole year's product. The activity in wool con
tinue- unabated, and the cotton mills arr doing well.
as the demand i- so good that it keeps them busy in
spite of the recent fall in the raw product. The boot
.-Mid shoe industry has broken all record-, shipments
being enormous and the distributive demand heavy
in all directions, while the factories nave orders for
several months ahead.
The local situation compares favorably with that in
the East.. Xo better crops could be wished, and with
the single exception of hay are likely to bring good
prices. There is a scarcity in oats and barley at the
moment, which has advanced prices for both descrip j
tions, something unusual in the month of July, when ;
the new crops are coming in. Wheat remains steady j
at prices which, though not high, are still profitable
to the farmer. The demnnd for fruit on canning ac
count is as active as ever, and the unusually high
prices are placing the fruit growers on velvet. The
dried fruit market being cleaned up, good prices will
probably rule for the incoming crop, and, indeed, i
opening figure- already established are considerably
above those predicted several months ago by local
dealer^. There i'; a fine domestic and foreign demand
for the genera; run of merchandise, and the lumber
market i^ more active than for some years at strong
price-. Hops and won] are quoted at a much higher
range than expected last spring, and there is an active
inquiry for both. As has already been remarked this
i- essentially the fanner's year, and the city is reaping
the benefit of it. The mines, too, are in much better
condition than last year at this time, when lack of
water forced many to suspend operations. In brief,
on whatever side we look, we find the State in a con
dition of agricultural and commercial activity that fills
everybody with confidence. A significant sign in this
direction is the scarcity of labor, which has resulted
in a general advance in harvest wages, the beneficial
effect of which throughout the State at large can
hardly be overestimated.
It is said that Dreyfus has lost the power of speech
and with it the ability to defend himself before his
Judges. The testimony of his terrible sufferings that
his tortured face will bear witness will be more elo
quent in pleading than any words he could use or
command.
An Oakland pastor who has had a disagreement
with his flock says he will take a vacation and po to
Fresno or some other warm place. His friends might
have induced him to be more explicit in reference to
his destination, as his enemies will certainly not lose
the opportunity.
About this time look out for fires and accidents:
they are liable to happen with the best regulated use
of firecrackers and bombs
ANOTHER MONOPOLY DEFEAT.
OX Monday last, with the general concurrence
of the public, the Market-street Railway Com
pany was virtually accorded all the rights and
privileges necessary for the extension of street rail
way facilities to the northeastern part of San Fran
cisco. In accordance with views The Call had re
peatedly expressed, complete provision for the cork-
I screw line, through the Post-street system with its
; connections and extensions, was legally made by the
Hoard of Supervisors. An effort to include the new
franchise on Grant avenue and Bush street was de
feated.
It was noticed, however, that Mayor Phelan ex
pressed his entire willingness that this new franchise,
intended to perfect the control of the north end of the
city by the Market-street monopoly, should be award- j
,! "I see many advantages in it," was his reported;
language. Upon this change of front, in the face of!
his ostentatious resistance to the original Market
street scheme, The Call has already commented. But
it has not yet exposed the full extent and the treach- j
erous nature of the fraud which it was fully intended |
msummate to-day. It has now become apparent
that in order to lull the community into security, the
Grant avenue and the Bush street robbery was kept j
in the background, with the deliberate intention of
forcing it through the Hoard of Supervisors after the
legitimate cork-crew line had been secured.
Thi^ is practically a holiday on which good citizens j
are preparing for the due celebration of the great
event that for the first time gave man a controlling
influence in his own government. But action upon !
the four franchises, not yet reported, of which the j
Grant avenue and the Bush street loop is the prin
cipal, will not be deferred through the action of the j
Market-street Railway Company, but by causes be- !
yond its control. No man ever knew the Huntington
monopoly in any of its numerous disguises to delay j
the completion of a fraud from patriotic motives or!
from any manly impulse.
There was nothing surprising in the treachery of '
the railway in reserving these four franchises for what
it expected to be a separate and independent exhibi
tion of municipal corruption. But its confidence that i
it could actually secure the indorsement of a majority!
of the Board of Supervisors was simply astounding:
and was fortunately misplaced. The Call has care- i
fully investigated the situation, and has given every
Supervisor who can be reached an opportunity for
explanation. It is happy to announce that at least:
six of them, namely. Supervisors Perrault, Byington, j
Deasy. Lackmann, Kalben and Collins, have distinct- I
ly announced that they will not vote for the four new
franchises or any of them. But for the position taken ,
by Supervisor Collins yesterday, as no hostile action
by Mayor Phelan could be relied upon, the defeat or
the' victory of the Market -street Railway monopoly;
might have rested exclusively with Supervisor Ileyer. '•
Although for the reasons stated the public interests
are safe and it i- even doubtful whether the four fran
chises will be reported by the committee, the attitude
of Supervisor Heyer deserves serious treatment. The
advocates "i the Market-street robbery- have repeat
edly bragged that they had a Supervisor in reserve
who at the right time would range himself against the
community. Tested by his voluntary declarations,
that Supervisor Heyer above ;ill others should have
been the reliance of Superintendent Lynch would be
inconceivable. In The Call of May 31 he said: "I
will oppose the granting of the proposed franchises
to the Market street Railway Company as long as I
have a vote in the board. * * * On Monday I
voted against the attempt to grant the proposed fran
chiscs. and I shall continue so to vote until the end
of the chapter."
When interviewed on Saturday last he professed
; the fa ts in relation to the four fran
chise*, with which he was perfectly familiar when his
live intentions were expre-sed as we have quoted
them, declared that his entire information on the
subject was derived from the newspapers and de
clined to intimate on which side his vote would be
cast. On its face this attitude is hard to explain. It
spreads a deep scarlet color over the insinuations
that have been so frequent against the ultimate in
tegrity of Supervisor Heyer. Fortunately, through
the announcement of Supervisor Collins, his impor
tance in the controversy has ceased. But if possible
he should assuredly make some explanation to the
people. Such treason to common honesty, such re
volting indifference to appearances as would be in
volved in his defection from his incorruptible asso
ciates, is hardly credible. Even Judas Iscariot did not
precede his immortal infamy by a proclamation of his
own integrity. There is not a pen in the United
States sufficiently vitriolic to do justice to the kind
and the degree of apostacy that was attributed to
Supervisor Heyer, although it has really become in
consequential.
VALENTINE AND HIS RECORD.
PRESIDENT VALENTINE of the Wells-
Fargo Company, not content with shirking
taxes, discriminating in favor of large shippers
against smaller ones and levying upon the pub
lic all the tribute it will consent to pay. has of late
felt a new yearning for victims and has found them
in the agents of the company. A circular has gone
forth announcing that their commissions are to be re
duced as much as 50 per cent.
Valentine sometimes accompanies his circulars to
his subordinates with quotations from the Bible ex
horting them to a pious life, and inferential!}- present
ing himself to them as a holy exemplar and teacher.
Whether in the order reducing commissions ho
changed the text of Scripture to suit his notion and
made it read, 'The workman is not worthy of his
hire." we know not. Certain it is, however, that if
put to it he could tlnd a text of some kind, could
preach a sermon on it. and then extort from the pub
lic money enough to have it printed in letters of gold
on plates of silver.
The tax-shirking Pharisee is at his best, however,
when posing as an exemplar rather than as a preacher.
Some years ago, when business was dull with the
company. Valentine issued an order reducing all sal
aries from 10 to 15 per cent, and for the comfort of
his victims set himself to be an example unto them of
how to bear a reduction of salary with Christian resig
nation. He announced that he would have his own
salary reduced by $2000 a year. Moreover, he did not
tell a lie. His salary as president of the Wells-Fargo
Company was actually reduced by the amount named,
and still Valentine wore his unctuous smile and was
as conspicuously pious as ever.
The seem of his posing so beautifully as a self
denying martyr to the cause of economy was a little
trick he had prepared for the occasion. At that time
WdK Far^n Company had control of the Commercial
National Bank at Portland, and Valentine had himself
elected president of the institution at a salary of $5000
a year. Thus, instead of a decrease of $2000 a year
from his official income, the astute poser obtained an
increase of $3000 a year.
In 1897 the affairs of the bank in Portland were
wound up. and Valentine then lost his salary as presi
dent. By that time, however, he had set his example
to the subordinates whose salaries he had cut down
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 3, 1899.
and there was no longer any need for posing. Ac
cordingly he obtained from the directors of Wells-
Fargo Company an increase of $5000 in his salary as
president of the company, so that he remains $3000
a year ahead of the game.
With many of the offenses committed by the tax
shirking corporation and its canting president the
public has no direct concern. They may reduce sala
ries and commissions to starvation wages if they so
choose, for there is no law to prevent. The nefarious
practice of tax-shirking is, however, one which the
law can prevent, and it is the duty of the officers of
the State to do so. Neither Valentine nor his com
pany should, be permitted to evade the taxes they
owe to California. It is the duty of the Assessor to
see to it that no cunning or insolence avails the shirk
ers in an effort to escape their obligations to the
State. To that extent at least their rapacity and their
frauds should be baffled and defeated.
THE FINANCES OF THE UNIVERSITY.
\A ORE than ordinary gratification will be felt
/ \ throughout the State over the action of the re
* gents in rescinding a resolution imposing a
registration fee upon students of the State University.
It is the desire of the people of the State of California
that education for the youth of the commonwealth
shall be free from its beginning to its highest forms,
and they have shown themselves to be ever willing to
bear whatever burden of taxation may be required to
accomplish it.
The Call was earnest in its opposition to the policy ■
of the regents in imposing the tax. and will now be
equally earnest in supporting any well-devised
measure they may adopt to meet the temporary de
ficiency in the funds of the institution and carry on its j
work "without curtailing the efficiency or limiting the
usefulness of any department. In a commonwealth
so rich as this an institution so strongly supported
by public sentiment and by private munificence can
hardly suffer seriously from the present embarrass
ment. It would have suffered, however, had the j
registration tax been imposed and the advantages of i
the institution been to some extent put beyond the
reach of the poor.
No reason exists for believing that the finances of
the university have been in any way wasted or mis
managed; the tirade of Governor Gage to the con
trary notwithstanding. The university is, in fact, one
of the few institutions of the State whose manage
ment has been kept free from politics and has tht
confidence of the public. Gage would doubtless like
to conduct it as he conducted his sheep business and
take possession of its offices as part of the spoils for
himself and Burns. Lacking ability to accomplish
that, he berates the regents as if their management of
the university were as bad as his own sheep record.
As a matter of fact it would now be the easiest
thing in the world for the regents to obtain a tem
porary loan to tide over the deficit in the funds had
not Gage himself, by defrauding a creditor of the
State, shown that so long as he is in office no one can
trust it.
Whatever may be the outcome, the regents have
acted rightly and wisely in rescinding the resolution
imposing the tax on students. The university is a
part of the public education of the State, and like all
other departments of that education it must be free.
ThjE DEWEY MONUMENT.
WITH the patriotic impulses aroused by the cele
bration of Independence day, there will come a
new ardor of public sentiment in favor of the
movement for the erection of a monument to Admiral
Dewey. The sum already raised is sufficient to attest
the earnestness of the people in promoting the enter
prise and virtually assures its success, so that it is
with confidence in the outcome each citizen may in
proportion to his means make his contribution to the
monument fund.
Since the establishment of the American Union
each successive generation has accomplished sonic
great work of national development and produced a i
hero of immortal memory. After Washington and
the Revolution came the War of ISI2 and Andrew
Jackson. The controversy over the slave question
precipitated the Civil War and brought to the front
the heroic military figure of General Grant Our
generation has fought the war that has broken down
the last vestige of Spanish domination in this hemi
sphere, raised the republic to the prestige of a world
power and furnished another hero to our annals in the
person of Admiral Dewey. The fame and the deeds
of Washington. Jackson and Grant have been fitly
commemorated in monumental art. and it is now for 1
us to give an equal expression to the gratitude of the
I (."pie to the hero of Manila Hay.
Almost every large city in the United States now
boasts some conspicuous accomplishment in the way
of monumental construction. We are rapidly ap
proaching the time when our cities will be as rich in
artistic achievements and historic memorials as those
of the Old World. California should keep pace with
the progress of her sister States in this respect. It is
right and fitting that the chief monument to Dewey
should stand in this city, and it is appropriate that it
should be erected while the glory of his victory is
still fresh in the minds of men.
One of the best ways to give your patriotism e\
pression in permanent form U to make a liberal con
tribution to the Dewey monument fund. A subscrip
tion may not make as much noise as a firecracker,
but the glory of it will- last longer.
No display of fireworks arranged by the Fourth of
July committee will blaze more conspicuously in the
public eye than the display it has made of the impera
tive need of men of genuine patriotism and true hon- j
esty to compose such a committee.
It will not matter much if the Peace Conference re- <
ject the proposal for the establishment of an inter- j
national tribunal of arbitration, as it appears there is !
not a single nation on the face of the globe that has a '
dispute it is willing to arbitrate.
Roosevelt is doubtless sincere in asserting that he
is not working up a boom for the Presidential
nomination, but it is certain that he is working his
Rough Rider reputation for all it is worth and a large
amount of fun to boot.
Frank Somers, the murderer of Christopher Gail
braith at Nevada City, appears at any rate to have
had some regard for decency. He took the trouble
to go out into the woods to kill himself.
The Market-street Railway Company has in
augurated a new industry in the city. It is taking
reputations as well as lives in its efforts to monopolize
the streets of San Francisco.
Even the elements seem to know that Captain
Dreyfus is a disturbing individual to the French peo
ple. The exiled officer was returned to his native
land in the midst of a terrific storm.
Tn its wideawake search for news the Associated
Press can find in the reports of our special corre
spondent from Samoa a good deal that will be inter
i esting to itself. I
NEWS OF THE
MINING FIELD
The prospects of the California mining
exhibit at the Paris Exposition have not
brightened during the week or become
less hazy and uncertain. It seems fairly
likely that the exhibit will be pretty well
abandoned to the wishes and discretion
of the three State Commissioners, as there
are strong symntoms that the California
Miners' Association will regard the size
of the mining allowance and the amount
of room for the display as 100 small to
warrant special efforts to get up a fine
display. Colorado is exerting itself to do
something handsome in the interest of Its
ir.ining industry, and a life-sized statue
of solid gold is to be one of its adver
tising features. Montana has five mineral
commissioners, who propose to make a
fine exhibit. California should top them
all, but it would require vigorous and
liberal effort on somebody's part.
The mining regions are crying for help
as well as the fruit and grain regions of
the valleys. No miner need seek employ
ment lons these days, and skilled and un
skilled labor of all kinds is In steady de
maud in a great number of booming
mining districts all over the State. The
situation in Shasta County, which re
flects its mining prosperity, is thus
described by the Redding Free Press:
"Experienced miners out of employ
ment are a decided scarcity in Shasta
County. In fact, there are none idle.
; laborers are also scarce. Capital is now
seeking labor here. < >scar G. Rogers,
i superintendent of the Mount Shasta
I mine, spent Wednesday night and Tues
j day morning in Redding in an endeavor
; to secure five X""d miners to be added to
: the Mount Shasta crew, but was com
pelled to return to the mine without a
| man. Ten miners were secured a few
days ago for the Mount Shasta. The
cause of the increase in the Mount Shasta
force is the development of the 300-foot
level which has just been opened.
"S. L. Stone, who has charge of the
outside work at the Harrison Gulch
property of the Midas Gold Mining Com
! pany, arrived in town Wednesday evening
!in search of thirty laborers. He was
' having hard work to secure that number
; Thursday. Applications are heard on
j all sides for men. A man need not be
I out of employment for a minute in this
< county."
Siskiyou County fully shares in the
! great mining activity of that whole slight-
I ly developed mineral region of Northern
i California, and has a great mining future
1.. fore it. The condition of the industry
ia concisely and conservatively stated by
the Yreka Journal as follows:
"Siskiyou County has now In active op
eration a good many fine paying quartz
mines, and it will not be long before new
and Important discoveries will be made,
as there an- quite a number of pros
i pectors In the hills looking after quartz.
There are hundreds of tine prospects in
this county .it the present time awaiting
development, and nil that is needed la a
little capital to turn them into nne pay-
Ing mines. The mines of this county have
never been boomed, but the county la
gradually and Eurely coming to the front
as nne of the best quartz mining: sec
tions In the State.
'There are till told. 225 stamps and two
Huntington mills in Siskiyou County. Of
this number 150 stamps are in continuous
operation, or at least as much as the
w iter supply of the respective properties
will permit. About forty stamps are idle
! from various causes. The remaining
thirty-five stamps are worked occasional
ly doing custom work and making an uc
ci Bionai run. Of the total 225 stamps
nearly V*i are in the Salmon River coun
try a-; are also the two Huntington
milis Not one of the stamp? f» th; " dis '
'■ trict can be classed us Idle, and s<
arrastres are kept busy In the same
locality. Of the forty .-tamps now idle
preparations are in progress to stari
about one-third or more. The 225 stamps
are divided among thirty-two different
mines or an average of nearly seven
stamps. The Black Bear and Gold Ball
head the list with the largest number.
A number ot r.ew mills are also in con
templation by parties who have recently
purchased mines here."
Still another "gold-dredging" plant for
working the tempting submerged gravels
of the auriferous streams is to be tried.
The Stanislaus Dredging Company has
I three miles of such placer ground on the
Stanislaus River, near Robinson Ferry,
and w. M. Stover, the president, has
adopted the caisson mode of operation
after inspecting the operation of a small |
experimental nnn put on the San Joaquin
River, near Pollasky. Fresno County, by
Mr. DonahOO, the inventor, who has
patented it. In this booming dredger
time the practical experiment with a
i ph«n opposed to all past experience will
:be watched with interest. This new sub
marine gold-saving machine is thus de
scribed In the Sonors Democrat:
'The one for the new company will be
; mounted on a dredger to be built and
launched near Robinson Ferry. It will
■ - i feet long. 40 feet wide and draw but
1! Inches of water, thus permitting its
sful operation even during the
period of extremely low water. The bed
r , k is to be reached by a caisson four
teen feel square in the clear, which will
be allowed to «itik of its own weight.,,
when- the water will be forced out by
means of compressed air, and the space
witiiin the caisson cleaned up and so on. j
The dirt is to be hoisted to the boat bj i
i means of a twelve-inch centrifugal pump i
' and turned into a double line of sluices, |
. . . h making the circuit of onp end and
both sidea of the craft, or an aggregate
length of 100 feet. An electric plant Is to
b< installed, which, besides affording light,
will permit having steel riffles, which by
being connected with positive and nega
tive wires, will magnetize them so that
even the finest of flour gold will be saved.
The machinery has all been ordered, but
;i few new features are to be added.
Three shifts of six men each will be em
ployed. The plant complete is to coat
|12.000 and as it is no experiment but a
, demonstrated fact that it will do all its
manufacturers claim, there should be
W< eks when it will pay for itself along
s. im.' of the rich bars."
John T. Davis, whose original hydraulic
dredging scheme was recently described
in these columns, is having a dredger
built at Stockton for operation at "Wal
lace on the MokHumne River. With these
two !)• w contrivances going there will }»*
dredgers built on six different principles
operating in California, with some other
tj pea in prospect
Easy lessons In minim? ran hp found in
plenty among the stories of failure .or
partial failure of California mining ven
tures conducted by men without enough
mining wisdom and experience. Here is
a very good one from the Amador Re
publican :
"The Bay State mine, near Plymouth,
wns actively promoted about five years
a^n and a company of local business nun
was organised to develop the property.
Work was carried nn about two years
under this company and a shaft sunk to a
depth of about TOO feet This shaft was
n, it on the Ledge and no crosscut was
mad-' to the ledge from it. The work
Was very expensive and the local capital
ists and business men found it a pretty
burdensome affair and finally allowed the
management to contract debts and then
failed to provide funds to pay them. The
consequence was of course insolvency and
a forced sale of the prospect mine and
improvements before anything could be
known a.s to the value of the property,
more than was known before they com
menced. It was sold to Stockton capital
ists who are now continuing the explora
tion work. They will crosscut to the vein
and run drifts on it In order to deter
mine its value at the depth already
reached and also sink a*) feet more hi the
shaft. When this is done they can form
some estimate of what the mine is worth.
At present it may be said that the sur
face prospects warrant thorough explo
ration and the situation of the claim in
the mineral belt allows no unfavorable
presumption."
Here is another from the .same Issue of
the same paper:
"The Ivanhoe Company has until re
cently been attempting to carry on explo
ration and exploitations simultaneously
from thf grass roots down. Thfr*- are f.w
situations whore this can be done advan
tageously and the Ivanhoe seems not to
1 m> of the exceptions. The mill has
been stopped and some of the men dis
charged while those retained will be kept
at the work of sinking the shaft deeper
drifting, etc., until a larger body of ore
has been made accessible and there is
room to handle it without inconvenience."
There is a Vigorous discussion poing on
among Northern California papers as to
the cause of so many dead fish constantly
floating down the upper Sacramento now.
It has been the general assumption that it
was a result of the operation of the big
smelter of the Mountain Copper Company
at Keswick, the peculiar theory being
that the smelter slag which is dumped
into Spring Creek and partly borne down
the river is responsible, fine, sharp par
ticles of slag, like ground glass getting
into the gills of the fish. The Redding
Free Press defends the smelter by as
serting that it is neither the copper mines,
dynamite nor sea lions that does the mis
chief, but that the fish get caught in the
big log and wood jams in the Pitt River
and below.
One of the largest sales of mining prop
erty ever made in Siskiyou County has
just been effected in the sale of the
Schroeder quartz mine of the Deadw. 0,1
District, miles from Yreka. to a
Canadian company for 1100,000. It is a
paying property, with a ledge tapped by
a tunnel at the depth of 12"0 feet. The
property will be vigorously developed un
der the puperintendency of Mr. Schroeder,
the former owner, who has been retained.
The Virginia Dale Mining District of
San Bernardino County has developed a
condition of permanent prosperity since
several good mines have become pro
ducers. The O. K. mine has been opened
to a depth of 230 feet, where the forty
one-inch vein yields ore of increasing
value. The last run at the mill produced
$2310 in gold and eleven ounces of silver
from 101 tons of ore. The tailings at this
mine are now successfully cyanided, ef
fecting a saving of 90 per cent of the val
ues. The summer temperature out there
on the desert, l. baa forced a six
weeks' closing of the mill. Work Is pur
sued, however, in the shafts and tunnels,
in which there is a strong and constant
natural draught. The Ivanhoe, Brook
lyn and Whit.: Star are among the other
operating mines in the region. The hot
weather has forced all the dry washers in
the placers to quit.
The formation of an asphalt trust in
the East the other day closely concerns
the big asphalt industry of California.
The capital is $20,000,000, and the Asphalt
Company of America proposes to control
all the important asphalt mines of the
world and the use of the products in pav
ing, roofing, etc. The Trinidad mines are
in its grasp. The Ateatraz Asphalt Pav
ing Company of Los Angeles »will join
the trust. It controls the output of the
big Alcatraz mines of Santa Barbara
County, which, however, are owned by
another company controlled by the
Crockers.
Large hydraulic operations are to be
started at Orleans Bar on the Klamash
River. In Humboldt County,
Madera expects to have a smelter. A
committee is at work raising funds to
aid the enterprise.
The Bell mine of Tuolumne County,
which has been opened to a depth of 200
feet, is being unwatered.
The American Quartz Milling Cnmpan /
of San Francisco has bought the Anvil
can quartz mine at French Gulch. Shast}l
County, and will reopen and extensive!]
develop the property. The mine has \
ti n-stamp mill and in the past has yielded
$95,000.
Tuolumne County is the great pocket
mining region of the State as well as one
of th<-- best vein mining- districts of the
mother lode. Many good strikes are re
ported every week. During the week sev
eral bunches of gold were taken out of
the Hudson and Birney mine near Colum
bia Hill, aggregating $1700, a pretty good
week's product. Several other strikes at
Yankee Hill and vicinity were reported.
The Zlndara pocket mine has been leased
to San Francisco men, who will go to
work at once.
The Alta copper mine in the Txjw Divide
district of T>il Norte County, owned by
Oakland people, is reported as soon to be
sold. In the early sixties this mine was
Quite extensively worked. A number of
copper prospects are being developed In
T>.l Norte County, and there, as t-lsn
where, much prospecting for copper is
going on.
The steady increase in mining; activity
Along the mother lode is constantly send
ing all kinds of skilled mechanics into
thai region.
The district about AnerH? Camp. Caia
veras County, is one of the most active
along- the mother lode now.
It is reported that the Atlas mine, an
extension of the Rrown. in Tiinlumnc
County, will resume operations at once,
the Scotch stockholders having supplied
$25,000 for important development opera
tions, including- the extension of a 500-foot
tunnel 4600 feet, to reach the Atlas at
depth. J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F W. Risley. a fruit grower of Fresno.
is at the Grand.
Senator H. V. Morehouse of San Jose is
staying at the Lick.
J. F. Ktdder, a railroad man of Grass
Valley, is a guest at the Palace.
G. Wilson, a wealthy lumber man of
Sanger, In registered at the Grand.
Dr. J. B. Bell. I". S. A., is one of yes
terday's army arrivals at the Occidental.
F. T. Simpson and E. V. Sturdy are two
travelers from London who are registered
at the Palace.
W. A. Feutsch. one of the leading busi
ness men of Portland. Or., is at the Grand
on a short visit to the city.
T. Hartmnn. a large tobacco manufac
turer of Washington, D. C., is among the
arrivals of yesterday at the California.
Jamea Campbell, the Honolulu million
aire, who with his wife and a party of
friends has been spending ten days at
Lake Tahoe, has returned to the city. He
la at the Occidental.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
XFW YORK. July 2. -Seymour R.
Church of San Francisco Is at the Nether
lands. George w. King of Los Angeles
is at the Park Avenue.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Ft Is the boast of the Russian navy that
the turret ship Peresvlet, of 12.674 tons.
huilt at St. Petersburg In 1895-98, is con
structed of domestic material alone.
The Ohlnese cruiser Hai-Chi left Sheer
ness on June 9 fnr China. The vessel was
built at EHswick and made 24 knots on her
trial trip. She will fly the British flag on
her initial voyage until delivered to and
paid for by the Chinese Government.
The Frrnrh torpedo boat Lansquerret.
built at Nantes in JS93, has, after repeated
trials, turned out a decided failure. Her
contract speed of 26 knots was not
reached and she was rejected. The build
ers put in a new set of boilers in order to
Increase the horsepower, but at a recent
trial the boat did not even make 20
knots and she is apparently a dismal fail
ure.
The Russian armored gunboat Khrabry
w i- begun at St. Petersburg in UK, bin
still lies in an unfinished condition at
Kronstadt. The vessel is only Imm tons
and with 2^42 horsepower made 14.5 knots.
It has a belt 5 inches thick, tapering to 3
inches at the ends, and a protective deck
1■ - inches thick on the slope. The battery
consists of two S-inch and one 6-inch guns,
and the Khrabry is evidently an experi
ment subject to radical modifications be
fore she is duplicated.
The new drydock at T'chidacho, near
Yokohama. v,as opened on May 1. it is
available for naval vessels, being 483 feet
8 inches lone on the blocks, allowing ships
of over 500 feet to dock. The width of en
trance is 93 feet 8 inches, and at bottom
75 feet 5 Inches, and the water over the
sill at ordinary spring tide is a little over
71 feet. A smaller dock adjoining this
new one and owtied by the Yokohama
Dock Company was built some years ago
and will accommodate ships of 364 feet
length.
Every navy has its "black sheep" ves
sels, that is. ships which, not withstanding
constant tinkering do not come up to th
requirements, or in other ways fail to in
spire confidence. In the British navy the
Penelope, Ajax. Rupert, Neptune, and
even the Nile and Trafalgar, are in that
category. Franc-? has the Mnnnus, Hochc
and Magenta as pronounced black, and
■everal more of doubtful utility. In the
Russian navy there is the Peter Vrliky,
Catherina II and the Russia, and in the
Austrian navy is the Kronprinzessin Ste
phanie. In the United States navy the
Texas is not so much of a success as the
builders would like the public to believe,
for at the nattle off Santiago the decks
were ripped up by the concussion of the
ship's guns, and in this respect the Texas
shares the defects of the Russia.
The French armored cruiser and com
merce destroyer Jeanne d'Arc. launched at
Toulon on June 8, Is attracting consider
able attention in naval circles on account
of its peculiarities and innovations on es
tablished practices. She has a complete
water line belt, is 11.270 tons and with tri
ple screws of 28,500 horsepower is to make
23 knots and 1!> knots under natural
draught. . She is fitted with 48 Dv Temple
water tube boilers, arranged to burn pe
troleum, of which the ship can stow 20
tons. The London Engineer pronounces
the Jeanne d'Arc is more wonderful than
useful. _____
The paymaster's chest on hoard the
British cruiser Niobe was robbed last
January of about 15600, and the police and
naval authorities have been unable to fas
ten the crime upon any one. In conform
:ty to naval usage ;;n example had to be
made of somebody, and Fleet Paymaster
J. A. Wood was court-martialed June 16,
charged with embezzling the missing mon
ey and also with having negligently per
formed his duty by want of care of the
money entrusted to his charge. He plead
ed not guilty to the first charge, and de
clined to plead to the second. The court
acquitted him on the charge of embezzle
ment, but found him guilty of negligence
and adjudged the officer to forfeit all sen
iority as Beet paymaster and be dismissed
his ship.
The fire at the Armstrong. WhitWOTth
& Co. ordnance works. Elswick. on the
night of Juno 11 last destroyed three large
sbopa and a great quantity of machinery
and guns, pun carriages, projectiles, en
gines, cranes, tools and stores to the val
ue of about $1,000,000, and laying idle 2000
men of the 20,000 employed by the firm.
Two of the shops were 900 feet in length
and 108 feel wide, and contained guns in
various stages of completion and turn
tables for heavy ships. The third and
smaller building contained projectiles. It
will take some time to know to a certain
ty the extent of damage to the guns, and
Sir Andrew Noble estimates that the erec
tion of new shops and introduction of new
machine tools would take from three to
four months. The delivery of armaments
to ships would, however, take consider
able more time, and in the case of the Al
bany, completing for the United States
navy, likely cause a delay of over six
months. ___^___________
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NEXT OF KIN— A. S.. City. Books on
next of kin may be procured through any
first class dealer In hooks.
automobit.es— a. r.. chiles. Cal.
Automobile? ap built turn oorners and
make turns the same as other vehicles.
ARTILLERY AT THE PHILIPPINES
—A. W. X.. Guinda. Cal. All the artillery
at th<^ Philippines is under the command
of General Otis.
ON A PEACE FOOTING— C. 8.. City.
The army of the United States while on a
peace footing prior to the war with Spain
was numerically 28.216.
WANDERING REFUGEE— Miss E..
Petaluma, Cal. Any first-class music
store will procure for you the piece of
music you inquire about.
AVTLMERDTNG SCHOOL,— The directing
officer of the Wllmerding School is Ev< r
ftt Schwartz, residence, San Francisco,
but at present in the East.
A DIRECTORY— A. S.. City. This de
partment cannot tell you "if a directory
of 1850" is of any value, as the letter of
inquiry dors not state what kind of a di
rectory it is.
THE PLANETS— A. O. S.. City. The
planet? in the order of their distance from
I the sun are Mercury. Venus, the Earth,
Mars, the Planetoids, Jupiter, Saturn,
Uranus and Neptune.
COIN QUESTIONS— W., Philo. CaL
Unless there is a full description of a
coin or a rubbing thereof it is impossible
to answer questions as to .what coins are
or if they are of any value.
LARGEST CITTES— I. T., Brownviile,
CaL The ten largest cities of the world,
acocrding to population, are: Lnndnn,
Greater New York, Paris, Berlin. Canton,
I Vienna. Tokio (Japan), St. Petersburg,
Philadelphia and Chicago.
TESTER COI'NTY PAPER— A. S., City.
An issue of the Ulster County Gazette,
July 4. 1800. would have a value, but a
cony of such an issue has no historical
value. The copy you have is one of a
large number of fac-similes issued in New
York in the sixties.
REGISTRATION— W., Philo, Cal. The
present form of registration of voters in
California will be superseded by Senate
bill No. 49. passed at the last held session
of the Legislature, and known as the
Smith bill, which will go into effect on the
Ist day of next January.
ARMY PAY— C. R . City. The pay of a
major in the T'nited States army is $2500;
of captain (mounted), $2000; captain (not
mounted), $1*00; first lieutenant (mount
ed), $1800; first lieutenant (not mounted),
$1600; second lieutenant (mounted*. $I.W;
"'vond lieutenant (not mounted), $1400.
ANTARCTIC-J. F. T.. City. The near
est approach to the south pole by Cap
tain Larsen in December. 1893, was when
he reached SS.IO south and 60 west, and
discovered what is known as Palmerland.
Since then there has been sent out the
Belgica. with the members of the Bel
gian Antarctic expedition, and this expe
dition has discovered that the territory
kimwn as Palmerland is a group of isl
ands and not a continent.
TO POLISH HORNS- Old Subscriber,
Oakland. Cal. Hnrns are polished in the
following manner: The horns are scraped
perfectly smooth with a piece of glass or
thin blade of steel, then rubbed with very
fine sandpaper or Dutch rushes. The
rubbing is then repeated with a bit of
felt dipped in very finely powdered char
coal with water, then with rotten Stone
or putty powder, and is finished with a
piece of soft wash lfather dampened with
a little sweet oil. Sub-nitrate of bismuth
rubbed in with the palm of the hand is
sometimes resorted to in place of the soft
wash cloth.
NOTICE TO QT'IT— S.. Sunol. Cal. If
a party rents a house by the month and
the owner desires him t' l quit the prem
ises he is required to serve him with a
notice that after the time for which the
tenant has paid rent, the month's rent
will be increased in any sum he desires to
name. If the party does not pay the ad
vanced rent the landlord must have a
three days' notice to quit served on him,
and if that notic is not obeyed, then the
landlord must commence an action for
unlawful detainer and ejectment. That
usually takes from ten days to three
weeks. ___________^__
Fourth of July derogations, flags, etc.,
for sale cheap at Sanborn & Tail's. •
Cal.glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 11M2. •
A custom peculiar to Buddhists is
that of wandering about the country
with hammer and chisel and carvlnar
holy symbols upon rocks by the way
side.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
His been used for flfty years by millions of
niothers for their children while Teething: wltli
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the Rumii, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Rowels and is the best remedy for
IMarrhoeas. whether arising from teething or
other causes. Far sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
AVinslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
. ♦ . ,
HOTKL DEL CORONADO-Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay i'l EC p^r day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San- Francisco,
On July 13 and 14 the Santa Fe route will sell
tickets to Indianapolis and return at the very
low rate of $76. Occasion— annual meeting of
the Epworth League. Get full particulars at
the Santa Fe office, 628 Market street.FATHER COLLOPY
PREACHED HIS
INITIAL SERMON
*Vas An Eloquent and
Able Discourse.
ALSO SANG HIS FIRST MASS
TEAST OF STS. PETER AND PAUL
OBSERVED.
Solemn Services at St. Ignatius — In
teresting Accounts of What
Was Done in the Various
Catholic Churches.
mn high mass was celebrated at St.
■ rday morning. flio
int, Rev. I. J. Collopy, was or-
Thursday. Rev. 'I"' 1
Rev. I lonald McX
i and Bub-deacon. Rev.
ason was mastei
.
As it was the occasion of Rev. Father
Collopy's first 'mass the liturgy was somo
what different from the drdinafy services.
The assistant priest was Very Bey. Abbe
Alphonse Mapnien, president of Si Mary's
Seminary. Baltimore] and superior of all
the Sulpician Fathers in the United
State?. The assistant priest is allowed
by the Catholic litur?: to Bishops in pon-
Tiricial high mass and to ordinary priests
only on the occasion of their first mass.
Among the visitir.p fathers were ' : " v -
Mr. Heverin of Baltimore and Very Rev.
Dr. O'Leary. dean of the theological fac
ulty of the Irish University of Maynooth.
In the evening Rev. P. J. Collopy
preached an able initial sermon. The
following is a brief synopsis of his re
marks:
Brethren. he ye followers: of me. and mark
them that walk so that ye shall have us
for an example, for our conversation is in
heaven .-Phillppians 111. xvli:2o.
The sienirioanre of these words of St.
Paul are brought before our minds to
day with all possible pomp an I splendor.
They wer* addressed originally by the Kreat
apostle to his beloved brethren lately con- ■
verted in Macedonia; in whose salvation
he was intensely interested. These words,
though uttered 1900 years ago. have lost
nono of their original force, but with the
pacing years are looked upon more and
rnor^ as the root and foundation of Chris-
In St. Tanl's words to-day we have the
lesson of a lovine father to his beloved
children, ursrinir them to that sentiment
and that act which we d»s!^nite as prayer.
St. Paul insisted upon prayer by all
Christians, because it !s th^» divinely ap
pointed means to obtain the end of our
existence here on earth; id. -iv. our sel
vatton. Prayer Is in this relation second
only in importance to salvation itself.
'■QUO VADIf HIS THEME.
At the Church of St. Francis the Sun
day within the octave, or the feast of
Saints Peter and Paul, was celebrated by
high mass in the mprning. The member.-'
of the Holy Childhood, the Children of
Mar) ami the Holy Angel sodalities re
ceived holy communion at the mass held
at half-past 7 o'clock. Rev. Father C.-ira
her delivered the sermon in the evening!
choosing as his subject "Quo Vadis, or
St. Peter on the Appian Way." His tpxt
was, "Thou art Peter, and upon this rock
I will build my church and the pates of
hell shall not prevail.!' The father spoke
in part as follows:
The word Peter sis" I a rock and the
great apostle was so-called because li» was
to be the spiritual rock on which our Lord
•was to found his church; Before his call
to the flpnstleship. he was railed Simon,
which slenifies. "hearing with acceptance."
This name was most appropriate because
Peter, not only heard the call to the apostle
ship, but accepted it instantly and cheer
fully
The great apostle was remarkable for his
burning zeal for his master and his cause.
It was a zeal that forced him to cast him
self unto the waters when our Lord ap
peared walking en the sea of Galilee It
was a zeal that impelled him to cut off
th* ear of Mar ■ when our Lord was cap
tured In the garden of Gethsemane. It was
a zeal that prompted him to s-t out for
Rome, the mistress of the world, in order
to conquer It to Christ. On one occasion,
his zeal abated, when he fIM from the
persecution of Nero. He had not proceeded
far outside th<* wails of the city, on the
Apptan way. when he met our Lord. To
the question of St. Peter. "Domlne quo
vadis?" our I^ord replied. "Vado Iterum oru
ciflpi." This gentle rebuke of the Savior
touched the apostle so deeply and mad" him
po ashamed of his cowardice that he re
traced his steps to Rome, where he was
afterward crucified.
In his sermon. Rev. Carraher dwelt on
the historical association connected with
this spot where the Savior and St. Peter
met.
bERVICES AT ST. IGNATIUS.
St. Ignatius was thronged yesterday
morning to listen to the celebration of
solemn high maps on the day of the feast
of St. Peter and St. Paul. An elaborate
and beautiful musical programme was
rendered. The celebrant of the mass was
Rev. Henry Woods. S. .T., deacon; John
Sards. S. J.. sub-deacon; Rev. Joseph
H key, S. J. Fourteen acolytes partiei
BISHOP NICHOLS PRESENTED
WITH A HANDSOME GOLD CROSS
THE service at T
the Cathedral »,
Mission of the (
Good Samarl- 4
tan yesterday was "£
attended by a large t
Dumber of the Q
clergy and laity and ▲
was the occasion of 4
the presentation to *
Bishop Nichols of a A
cross of elaborate V
design and finish t
from his many 4
friends In the dio- v
cese. V
Rev. E. J. L.ion, 4
on behalf of the 'do- •£
nors, made the pre- *
pentation address, Q
to which th« bishop 4
feelingly responded. +
The cross is of 4
gold, twenty carats 0
fine, and weighs, ex- ♦
elusive of the chain, -4
-120 pennyweights. 4
At the extremity of A
each arm is placed a x
valuable Siberian 4
amethyst. Three. 4
others are set In the /)
center. The surface *
Is hand chased, and ■▼■
the resources of the *
finest and most art- Q
istlc workman in pre- a
clous metals in the i
State were exhaust- ♦
Ed in executing a A
Jewel intended to v
express to the hon- *
ored bishop the high -f
estimation which ♦
this great diocese a
entertains for its ec- (/
clesiasticnl head. a
The design, which I
has been most ad- T
mirably conceived, r
A Is symbolical and distinctive. An Agnus Dei adorns the center while along the <J
V branches of the cross blades of wheat and bunches of KraP es : l " dl ,^ a L^.f llt 7 4
♦ the holy sacrifice, are harmoniously entwined; The descending do\ els beaut - ▼
f fully executed. The edges are burnished. On the back of the crobs is en- T
♦ graved the seal of the Diocese of California. The workmanship of this beauti- t
q ful jewel is most creditable to California's artisans. Q
HARRIED ON THE TRAINING SHIP PENSACOLA.
Chief Carpenter's Mate A. Anderson and Mrs, Caroline
Rodgers Made One by Chaplain Thompson.
FOR the first time in many years a
ige was celebrated aboard a
United States vessel in the bay
Of San Francisco \Vsterday. Mar
lages it sea are common enough, but
n board a warship they are very in -
requerft On the spar deck of t^ie
Inited States training ship Pensacola,
it li a. in. Sunday, Alexander Ander
on. chief carpenter's mate, was mar
led to Mrs. Caroline Rndgers. The
jeremony was performed by the Rev.
Frank Thompson, chaplain of the
Pensacola, while the musical portion
of the service was attended to by Dr.
Parker. Burgeon of the training ship.
J. E. Smith, chief boatswain's mate,
the 1" st man and the Misses
Amanda, Mary and Elsie Bar rail,
of the bride, were the brides
maids. Chief Carpenter's Mate Ander
son has been twenty-three years in the
navy, and this is his first venture on
the s*=a of matrimony.
•'When I was a young man," said he
lay, "I would n'>t get married
because 1 would be away throe years
on a cruise and then home for perhaps
a month. But now I have another
four years to serve and those I will
..,,,, ,j i n : b. The sermon was
delivered by the Rev. Father Butler, who
spoke "ii St. Peter. It was In briel as fol
lows:
When an experienced builder Is about to
erect an edifice of any importance.* his first
and chtef.-st care is about the foundation,
and the higher and more substantial the
structure Is to be. the more durable the
material lie looks for. As he scans the
rocky produce of the mountain quarry, his
eve rests on a particular kind of stone, in
appearance very ordinary, perhaps, and to
the unskilled eye even entirely unsuited to
the builder'! purpose, but hie practiced eye
penetrate* beneath the surface to the ster
ling and lasting qualities within. , .
Bo build the builders of Time, but what.
mv brethern. of the Supreme Builder of the
Universe? Will he be wanting In skill in
selecting and forming him who Is to he the
rock on which he is to rear, not a perish
able structure of time, but His Immortal
It r is clear that St. Peter merited the of
fice conferred on him in proportion to the
greatness of his faith and of his love, in
which virtues he stood foremost among the
apostles. After St. Peter's shameful denial
of his Master, thrice repeated, all the mer
its which he lost by his sins. were again
restored to him on his return. Moreover,
his repeated public profession of his attach
ment to hi? true Master, was another atone
ment for his denial. From the incidents
given us In the scriptures, we may unhesi
tatingly affirm that St. Peter's love and
affection to the garred person of the Man-
God, surpassed that of nil the other apos
tles and disciples.
The Rev. Father Mahoney spoke in the
evening, on St. PauL
ST. PAUL BEFORE FELIX.
Thesolemnity of the feast of Saints Peter
and Paul, which was observed In all the
lie churches yesterday, was cele
: with especial splendor in old St.
Mary's Church on California street.
Solemn hiprh mass, with an elaborate
musical programme, under the direction
0 ( m<ss M iry Glorgiani, was sung at 11
o'clock. Tl'<^ celebrant was Rev. F. R.
Doherty, C. S. P., deacon; Rev. M. Otis,
P., sub-deacon: 11. H. Wyman, C. S.
p. The sermon was preached by Rev. P.
.]. MacCorry. C. S. P., who took f<>r his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 3, 1899.
put in on the Pensacola. After that
I <-an retire on my pension. I there
for* considered " myself justified
in pr-ttinp married, and here 1 am, a
benedict at last."
Anderson met his bride in a romantic
manner. Chief Master at Arms Murray
brought his wife out from the East
about a month ago and he advertised
for a house convenient to the Oakland
water front. Mrs. Anderson, formerly
Rodgers, owns considerable property
in Oakland and she paid a visit to the
Pensacola to lease one of her houses
to the chief master at arms. As she
was stepping from the boat to the
landing stage she lost her footing and
would have gone overboard had it not
been for Chief Carpenter's Mate An
derson. That little incident led to a
warm friendship and finally to yester
day's wedding.
Anderson stands very high with
Captain Glass, commandant of the
naval training station, and when the
former askrd permission to have the
wedding take place aboard ship it
was readily granted. Furthermore,
the commandant placed his own rooms
on the Pensacola al tho disposal of
the bridal party and after the cere
mony sent them away in his private
launch.
The invitpd Ernests left the city on
the tug Vigilant at 0:30 a. m. On their
arrival the usual Sunday Inspection
was held. Aft<-r that there was divine
service, at which the chaplain officiat
ed, and then came the wedding. The
ceremonj took place just forward of
the captain's quarters on the spar
deck. An altar had been formed and
decorated with American flags and in
front of it the happy couple took their
Stand. On a hatch before them was
grouped about tlfty apprentice boys.
subject "St. Paul Before Felix." The fol
lowing was his discourse In brief:
I have hesitated to speak to you of the
life of one v.ho was perhaps he Rr-
representative of the Christian faith who
hiis ever appeared among men, because the
greatest saints, the most learned ■:■ rtora.
the most eloquent preachers hay*- foul
his life their greatest exemplar nl his
mi st wonderful career I tind no Incident
whi'-h shows forth th(
pel of fhrlst more than the Inspired ac
count which w« nave of the effects of the
words of this man "f God before the cor
rupt paean governor. Felix. The BCene of
this discourse waa one of the most beau
tiful places of the ancient world The.
I readier who spoke was an aped and ma
elated missionary who had been summoned
from a dark and foul dungeon to satisfy
the curiosity of a sated debauchee.
Paul and Felix what B contrast! The
theme of the preacher -what was it" Jus
tice—a word which had lost its meaning
in the mind of his corrupted hearer; chas
tity described in all its heavenly beauty
to a SOUI sink in the mire of sin. The ef
fect if This preacher -what was it? Felix
trembled; he was terrified; that was aIL
li.- answered, "For this time go thy way:
when 1 have a more convenient time I
Will send for thee
DISCOURSED ON LIBERTY.
Rev. W. E. Dugan delivered an interest
ing discourse on "Liberty" last night as
a prelude to his regular Sunday evening
sermon to the members of the Stewart
Memorial Church. In part he said:
Every fiftieth year with the Jew was a
year of jubilee and liberty. Their liberty
was a social rather than a political lib
erty. I would as we celebrate our national
liberty on next Tuesday that we also could
rejoice in social liberty— liberty having
as much meaning to the poor laboring
man as it has for the millionaire and
trust king. Under th" Jewish dispensa
tion there were no multi-millonaires and
trusts nor laboring, poverty-stricken men
who were willing to work, but COUld! not
get it, because men were not allowed for
generations to build trusts at the expense
of the unfortunate workman. Their year
or Jubilee liberty provided against that.
On next Tuesday we will specially be re
minded of the heroism, valor and self-de
nial of our patriotic forefathers. We shall
call back the dark and terrible winter at
Valley Forge, the prints of bleeding feet
on frozen, snowy ground, left by those
who fought with desperation for the free
dom we enjoy to-day. But let us also hold
In mind the valor of our own boys who
have go recently defended that flag with a
valor worthy of the highest respect of all
people. As we remember Washington
crossing the Delaware, let us remember
the California boy speeding across the
broad Pacific. As we rejoice that our
forefathers hurled the British lion back
Into the Atlantic with such force that It
has never dared again to tread our shores
in hostile attitude, let us remember that our
boys have hurled the iron-heeled monster
of tyranny in ignominious defeat, and unite
In one grand hurrah for Old Glory.
Never was the subject of liberty so be
fore our minds as to-day, because of our
relations with the Filipinos. Have we a
right to compel them to submit when they
want us to leave their shores? Are we In
terfering with their liberty by not doing
so? Liberty is only the right to do right—
not the privilege of doing as one pleases,
and the Filipino has a right to his desires
only so far as he desires to do right and
live civilly Yes, let Old Glory wave over
the Philippines: let our flag be raised In
every part of the world, till all the world
has learned to taste of our glorious repub
lic's liberty.
Anfelic Ministrations.
"Angelic Ministrations" was the subject
of Rev. D. V. Bowen's sermon before the
congregation of the New Jerusalem
Church last evening. In the course of its
delivery he said:
The angels are spiritual beings who once
were men and women on this or some other
earth— men and women like ourselves, only
having greater wisdom and love and power.
Numerous Instances are recorded in the
Bible, where angels have amieared to men in
this world, whose spiritual sight has been
opened. Those who saw them were not trans
ferred to some distant place, but standing in
ti.e same spot, were permitted to see their an
geilc associates by the opening of their spirit
ual sight. (Instances servant of Elisha, and
the shepherds of nethlehem.) ,
The spiritual world, with Its inhabitants, Is
not at a distance from us, but as to our spir
its—we are ever present in it. Good ami evil
influencen come to us according; to the charac
ter Of our lives— depending upon what we love
best. •'•• ;
« ♦ ■
Maison Riche, the Sherry's of San
Francisco, has reduced all champagnes
from $5 to $4 per quart; pints $2.
Gentlemen's lunches served in private
rooms from 11 to 2 o'clock without ex
tra charge.
"How Republics Liv? r.nd Die.''
Rev. Dr. Charles E. Locke held service
■ in his own church yesterday, having re
turned from his two months evening wor
ship at the Metropolitan Temple. His dis
course in the evening was on "How Re
' publics Die and How Our Own America
May Live Forever."
His text was, "Righteousness exalteth
a nation; but sin is a reproach to any peo
ple." Dr. Locke said in part:
! As we approach our national festival day our
[ hearts are filled with grateful thanksgiving for
i material prosperity: for home securtiy and for
Back of the boys s=toofl Captain Glass
and his oftirors in undress uniform.
On the port side were the usual Sun
day visitors to the training ship; on
the starboard Fide were the invited
guests and forward of the altar in the
two main alleyways were the ship's
crew and the remainder of the appren
tice boys.
After the ceremony the bridal party
adjourned to the captain's cabin.
where the wedding cake was cut and
the bride's health drunk In sparkling
wine. Aa the happy couple were leav
ing the ship the crew thronged the
side :<H(! gave them three ringing
cheers. Mr. and Mr:=. Anderson will
make their home at 1146 East
Eighteenth Btreet, < Oakland.
yesterday's event was not the first
marriage ceremony performed on the
i ■ cola. Twenty-five years ago
when she was stationed at Pariama
and ranked as one of thf- stoutest
sloops of war in T'nole Sam's navy.
Chief Gunner's Mate Andrew Walsh
was marriod to Miss (Juittorez by the
chaplain of th>- siiip. Some of th<>
old-timers on the Pensacola say that
yesterday's wedding was celebrated on
the same spot as the one of twenty
five years ago.
; religious freedom. Peace, plenty, happiness.
i faith and mercy abound among us as a peo
ple On this Sabbath evening, almost on the
ove of our nation's birthday anniversary, it
will be profitable for us to reverently inquire
"Why republics die," and endeavur to dis
cover what are the Influences which dlsln
; tejcrate a strong nation, and what are the
■ forces which exalt and perpetuate a people.
History is a candid teacher, and if we are but
honest pupils the disasters of the past may be
successfully averted.
j A republic Is the divine ideal of government.
The commonwealth of Israel, under Moses and
! Joshua and the judges, was Interrupted dur
| ing the day of Samuel because the people de
manded a King, that they might Imitate the
heathen nation? about them. A government of
the people, for the people, by the people is the
I highest conception of national organization,
, but for Its integrity and perfection must de
: pend upon the probity and virtue of the in
; dividual citizen.
Republics cannot survive when the states
; men become demagogues, when politics Is
corrupted and when true and self-sacriflclnc
patriotism disappears. Athens and Rome and
! Venice and France have taught the world un
mistakable lessons at this point. When laws
cannot be enforced and when officers of the
law connive at criminal Infractions of the
law; when public sentiment cannot he aroused
and does not resent Insult, but consorts with
cruel enemies, then republics speedily disap
pear.
Found Dead in a Doorway.
SACRAMENTO. July 2.-A man was
found lying dead in a doorway on Third
street at 7 o'clock this morning, having
shot himself a few minutes before. He
was J. C. Bronsell, who came here a
short time ago from San Francisco. His
wife conducts a lodging house there. He
told a friend a short time ago that he
built the first brick house in this city.
11.. had been engaped in the grocery busi
ness at Sixth and Bryant streets.
ELECTRICIAN CRUSHED
IN AN ELEVATOR CAGE
George Fulthorp Meets With a Seri
ous and Perhaps Fatal Accident.
GEORGE FULTHORP. an electrician In the employ of the Fraser Elec
tric Elevator Company, met with an accident yesterday at noon that
may have a fatal termination. He was engaged along with two others
In repairing the elevator In M. Friedman & Co.'s store, 237 Post street,
when the accident occurred.
Fulthorp was in the elevator running It up and down at great speed with
the view of testing it and the two other men were in the hasement. In de
scending the elevator struck the buffers at the bottom of the well with such
force as to loosen the heavy iron grill work on top of the cage and It fell
Upon Fulthorp. crushing him against the side of the elevator. His fellow
workmen heard his cries for help and quickly extricated him from his dan
geroua and painful position. He was conscious but suffering great pain. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and Dr. Stephen found that his thigh
bone w.is fractured, there was a contusion over the fronta'. hone and lacer
ated wouna« on his chin and right hand. He was also suffering from internal
Injuries of a serious nature. He is a single man and lives in the Hancock
Houfe. 781 Mission street. . .
•"Flie tops of these elevators." said one of the men, "are fixed with small
screws and the first violent iar is apt to knock the screws out and the top
falls in Of course a man accustomed to running an elevator is careful not to
allow It to bump too hard against the buffers, but Fulthorp did not have
that experience. The iron grill work weighs probably about 200 pounds.
POSTMEN HOLD
HIGH CARNIVAL
AT SCHUETZEN
Wit and Jollity Mark
Their Picnic.
THOUSANDS CROSS THE BAY
GAMES, RACES AND DANCING
ENJOYED BY ALL.
Not a Hitch Nor an Accident Mars a
Perfect Day, and all Return
Shouting for the Asso
ciation.
"A pair of onions will go for two
scents."
"It is unsafe to mail apple or other fruit
trees with the fruit on them, as some
clerks have a weakness for such thine-."
"IVrsons unable to lick their own post
ape stamps and envelopes can be accom
modated by applying to Jim Jeffries."
These quotations from the "Late Posi il
Regulations" contained in the circulars
with which Schuetzen Park, near San Ra
fael, was flooded yesterday servo unfail
ingly to identify the kind of picnic held
there and the class of people Interested
in it. Jolity— that one word— formed the
keynote of the annual excursion and pic
nic of the San Francisco Letter Carriers'
.Mutual Aid Association, and nobodypn
missed an opportunity to enjoy himself,
from the fat man. whose cheeks were con
tinually furrowed by the perspiration in
duced by the torrid July sun, to the thin
youth, whose poetic soul soared above the
clouds and was held to earth only by the
weight of a pair of material soles.
There were fully 5000 people at the park,
for all of whom entertainment in its va
rious forms had been carefully prepared
by the Jovial Fritz yon Schumann. There
was dancing in the larpc pavilion, gamea
for young and old. sprinting coßtcatg,
swinging bees, rides on the merry-go
round and love-making on the side. Those
wlio were not satisfied with this pro
gramme wandered out of the park up on
the hillsides and gathered such flowers
as they could find so late in the season.
The keenest enthusiasm manifested was
In the races, the results of which were as
follows:
ii|,.>n to all. twice aroun.l track -First. Frank
Wilson; second. Artlr C. .Telinsky.
Bova under 14 years, once around track— First,
.1 Monssh; second, 8. Cihhs.
Girls, under 14. once arminc! track— First. May
Moore: second. Katie Pmlth.
Marriaßealilf ynung ladle?, nnce around track
Firpt. Tillle Hanna; second. Joßie Johnson.
Pinsrle men. once around track— First, R. C.
Gerhaus; second. .1. Cunningham.
Married men. once around track— First, Joe
Sullivan: second, R. McSbanc.
Mirried ladies, once around track— First.
Mrs. H. Burns: second, Mrs. L. Smith.
Fat men, nnce around track— First. W. P.
Cobh; second. W. P. Johnson.
Fat ladies, once around track — First. Mrs. P.
A. Lacey: Becond, Mrs. w. Jbnea.
Old men lover SO years), once around track-
First. C. Johnson: seconii. C. M Pros.
For the dancing K. F. Ames Jr. oflioi-
Jvted as floor manager and R. D. Barton
as assistant floor manager. The success
of the picnic was <lui> to the efforts of the
following committees:
Committee of arratißenir-nts H. M. Locke
"chairman). W. \V. O'Neill (secretary), Thomas
Nix< n (treasurer). GeorKC W. Spitler, W. .!.
Phelan. R. l>. Barton, James E. Haedrick. Jo
seph H. Ho R an. John F. O'Connor. J. McCHll.
R. B. Bonn. James C. Murphy, H. BcfaielTer,
J. H Smith.
Floor committee— L. Cames, J. S. Sullivan,
T. B. Mahnney, H. P. Logan. S. Sanders. Rob-
ert H. Morse. J E. Welch. W. H. McNulty,
Conrad Trieber, I>. I. Marks.
Oames committee— Charles McAuliffe (chair
man). R. M. Ixicke. F. E. Smith, A. E. Goetze,
M. Ott. Frank Tyrrell.
Shooting committee— L. E. Roiyin (chairman*.
J. E. O'Neill, W. F. Ducomman. F. W. Fahren-
Raffle committee-George W. Ppiller, Joseph
I. Hogan. R. B. Beall. W. J. Fhelan.
The officers of the association are a?
follows:
President. George C. Gop; first yice president.
I Joseph I. Hogar. : second vice president. W. •'
I Phelan; third vi^e president. Charles M. Pee
hurt: financial secretary. Frank Tyrrell; record
ing secretary. F. \V. Fahrenholz; treasurer. R.
D. Cunningham: sererant at arms. 11. 3.
Henry; sentinel. G. Pcrailte: surgeon. Dr. J. J.
Dillon; hoard of directors— R. M Locks, R. M.
Roche. J. C. Murphy. J. E. CHsham. B. F.
: Ames Jr. __^________^_^_
DANES MAKE MERRY"
AT SHELL MO'JND PARK
SOCIETY DANIA GIVES AN EN
JOYABLE OUTING.
Over Fifteen Hundred Guests Parti
cipate in the Festivities — Day
Celebrated by Different
Branches.
Over fifteen hundred people gathered at
Shell Mound Park yesterday. th*> occasion
being the annual picni' given by the Han
ish Society Dania. I.ranches Nos. 1 and
2 of San FranclSCO and No. 3 of Oakland
jointly assisted in providing enjoyment
for the day.
Most of the picnickers went over to the
pleasure grounds i>n the 0:30 a. m. boat.
; l>ut every train throughout the day
lirnupht additions to the merry throng-.
' Ail .sorts nf attractions had been provided
by hard-working committees, and over
| ISO K.'itt- prizes were attributed to hold-
I ers of lucky numbers. The various races.
' bowling for prizes and the wheeel of for-
I tune came in fur a large share of atten
tion. and dancing in the big pavilion was
kept up until 11 o'clock last night.
Following are toe members di the com
mittees who had the affair in charge:
Committee of arrangements —C. Nielsen
(president), J. C. Har.sen (secretary), V. Konig
(treasurer). A. H. Andersen. C. Tecker, P.
Lund. J. Jacobsen. Fred E. Brett, H. P. Niel-
I sen.
Floor manager. Fred E. Brett; assistant floor
j manafr. A H Andersen.
Flour committee— A. Smith. James Porensen.
! M Romer, C. Lauritzen. .Tark Mathisen, C.
W. Hansen. L. Jepsen, L. Gortz. H. Brett.
Bowling committee— H. P. Xielsen, C. Tecker,
P. I.urd.
Committee of races— J. C. Hansen. C. Niel
sen. Fred Brett.
The winners in the various racing events
were as follows:
Children under 15 years Boys: First. M. Mc-
Donald: second. T. Simpson; third. W. Col
burn. Girls: First. Annie McDonald; second,
Laura Nelson; third, Knie Himmeil.
Children under 12- Boys: First. M. Meader;
I second, T. McDonald Girls: First, M John
son: second, C. Thrane; third. A. Jacobsen
Children under B— Bojrs: First. N. McDonald:
second. C. McDonald; third. J. Schuster. Uirls:
First. M KafTunk: second, Annie Hansen,
third, Meta Hartmann: f.mrth. Apnes Hansen.
Sack race- First. \V Ferry; second. ,T. Kane.
Ladies' fen and spoon race First. Mi^ A.
Peterson ; second. Miss Lltska Worckmeister.
Fnt men's race — a. Petersen, J. Potersen, C.
Hansen, C Christiansen, P. Christiansen. P.
Hansen. Hans Larsen, P. Lund. T. A. Niel
sen, i*. Nielsen, L. Hansen. F. Petersen, H. C.
Hansen, H Meyer.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, ccrtier Mission. Salt
I water direct from the ocean.
SELBORNE SCHOOL
For Boys,
SAN RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29. with
handsome new buildings heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. All buildings one story j
i raised we'll above ground. Steam from outside, \
; no furnace, no stoves, no flues in boys' quar-
ters The nearest approach to a fire proof
■ s<-honl For catalogues, tpstimonlals and refer-
ences ipplv to the principal, REV. CHARLES
HITCHCOCK, San Rafael.
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
; MENLO PARK. SAN MATE') COUNTY, CAL.,
is rebuilding with all modern improvements.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin Its
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings, home influences. Offers superior advan-
tages for the care and thornugh training of
buys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA O. HOITT, Ph. P.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEWS MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAX MATEO, CAL..— FOUNDED A. D. 1366.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer. D.D.
I For catalogue and Illustrated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER. A. 8..
Rector and Head Master.
~COLLE€E NOTRE DAME,
SAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA
Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY. August
2. 1599.
SACRED HEART ACADEMY
MEMO PARK.
CONDUCTED BY THE LADIES OF THE
Sacred Heart. Term opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladies. 2U'fi California St.. San Francisco. Will
I reopen August 7 Accredited to universities,
i Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
I mary department for children. Carriage will
'. call.' REV. EDWARD B CHURCH. A M.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.— Grants
diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunities offered In music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to Mrs. C. T. Mills. President,
Mills College P. O. Alameda Co.. Cat.
Thirty-third year. Fall term opens August
, AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA-"^
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE TUESDAY. July 4.
(jiAßlis TRUMAN wwi
"^ORYAIIUXR
A Sfiff/Al COMPANY
Second and last week— Anthony Rope*! ro-
mantic comedy
"THE ADVENTURE OF
THE LADY URSULA."
Next week— HENRY MILLER and a SPE-
CIAL COMPANY In the latest New York Em-
pire Theater success
"LORD AND LADY ALGT."
_
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS.
MATINEES FOURTH OF JULY AND SAT-
URDAY.
EVERYBODY 1 S FAVORITE.
L. R. STOCKWELL
In Hoyt's Irresistibly Funny Comedy,
A MIDNIGHT
...BELL...
DEPICTING LIFE IN NEW ENGLAND.
A Selected Company. Realistic Production.
Special Car of Scenery.
100— 1— I— I— CHILDREN— !—!—!— 08
THE ONLY COMEDY IN THE > TT.
PRICES 75c, 60c, 16c, »c i id 160
HAVES AND LYTTON,
The Talented Comedians, in the Roaring *"arc«,
"A WISE GUY."
MORIE, the Tourist Juggler. l
GARDNER BROS., 1
Muslcial Comedians.
THE FOUR CLEARTS, WILLIAM CR]*P?Y
AND BLANCHE DAYNE, MALVILLE AND
STETSON. THE FARRELLS. THE ?A9-
QUALIS, assisted by PIG. ABRAMOFF. .
Reserved Seats. 25 cents; Balcony, IB cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats, 50 cents.
SPECIAL MATINEE TUESDAY, JULY 4. v
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Prop, and Manager.
"The whole production highly creditable."—
Examiner.
"Its success most pronounced." — Chronicle.
"The presentation a model one." — Call.
LIMITED ENGAGEMENT OF
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In the Romantic ODera.
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN"
AN UNEQUALED CAST.
ENLARGED CIV HI'S AND ORCHESTRA.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
PRICES 25c and 50c
' Telephone Bush 9.
ALCAZAR™
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
SPECIAL MATINEE TUESDAY.
6th Week of LEWIS MORRISON.
SPECIAL DOUBLE BILL.
DON C/ESAR DE 6AZAN
Only the Master Shall Blame.
15c, 25c, p^^s 35c, 50c.
NEXT— "MERCHANT OF VENICE."
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main 632.
THIS EVENING,
Mlllocker's Beautiful Opera.
TheBEGGARSTUDENT
OUR NEW PRICES— EVENING:
Orchestra, Reserved. sOc and ."{."«•: Dress
Circle. Reserved. 25c: Family Circle, Re-
served, IBe: Gallery. lOc.
MATINEE SATURDAY — Best Reserved
Seat In the House. 25c: Family Circle. Re-
served, ir»c: Gallery. lOc.
HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-MORROW
{TUESDAY , JULY 4.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
MARIO LAMBARDI. Manager.
Lambardi Grand Italian Op3ra Cjmpany.
TO-NIGHT - - - - "BUY BLAS,"
With BARDACCI. POLLETTINI. ÜBERTO.
BADARACCO. FERRARI and lIF.RGAMI
Tuesday Matinee
."THE BARBER OF SEVILLE"
Tuesday Night "IL TROVATORE"
Wednesday "FAUST"
Thursday "PURITANI"
Friday "MASKED BALL"
Saturday Matinee "MASON LESCAUT"
Saturday Night
"THE BARBER OF SEVILLE",
Sunday Night "IONE"
Prices— sl 50. $1. , r ,oc and 25c.
Reserved seats on sale at the Alharnbra Thea-
ter. PHONE SOUTH 368.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
A MATINEE EVERT DAY.
GREAT BILL IN THE THEATER.-
THE KILTONS, Musical Comedians, and
their trained dogs; CHANDLER and McPHER-
SON, Operatic Duettists: ARMSTRONG and
O'NEILL, in "Fun In a Club:" the LA ROSE
BROTHERS, Comedy Acrobats: MAE TUNI-
SON. Queen of Song, and a HOST OF NOV-
ELTIES.
BALLOON ASCENSION TOMORROW.
FIREWORKS AT NIGHT.
CONCERTS AND RESOKTS.
*-*<-* tllv Those who were there
o say the Panorama is a
/\y correct representation.
. \J 1 Explanatory lectures
! _ 9 by Prof. W. G. ROL-
i iYlcjniiO Market St.. nr Eighth.
Admission. 50c.
Bay! Children, 25 "
fc/ _^__—
SLTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M. *
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. to 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c; CHILDREN sc.
Bathing. Including admission, 25c: Children. 20c.
- —
0000000 O 000000000
••» PALACE ''-"I
°CRAniD HOTBLS
q SAN FRANCISCO- Q
w Connected by a covered passageway.
© 1400 Room?- 900 w: h Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
6 NOTE TEE PRICES :..^V:'? O
O European Plan. Bl. per day and upward O
g* American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward _
i W Correspondence Solicited. V
! O JOHN C. EIRSPATBICK. Mtcager. O
1000000000000000000
56
FIREMAN FITZ
PITCHES TWO
GREAT GAMES
Locals and Dentists
Break Even.
AWFUL PLAYING AT OAKLAND
VISITORS DEFEATED BY A
SCORE OF 20 TO 1.
A Pair of Wild Throws by Krug in
the Afternoon Gives the
Game to McGraw's
Men.
v J c-r plavlir a game in the morning
r-.ru would have shamed the Silver street
Heliotropes, bring defeated by 20 to 1. the
• f r,t«sti» p\ilK-d themselves together m
"'■»•■ " i'tern'-'or. and won a mixture of
<£Lwr* *jtj J< srs from the locals, the sec
•i.-pl ? . .fcyj i . ntenttj showing 6 to i> in
g game was awful. Big
V'.hiftf 3or ;iers was located for sixteen
ay-its. -v.'t'i/a total of twenty-two bases.
Ju»reo-:cr he gave four bases on balls.
mnie v • costly wild pitches and a pair
t>: Rad Stllding errors. He was ably aided
:iira Mod by his assistants— McGucken,
11-^blo '.3d Kent being the only ones to
liiep 6 ki of the error column. I^eake man
ii^ed '♦•/ Commit -..■•• misdeeds out of nine
iham-. ../which shows what a collegian
can d>|*\fhen put to the test.
■ Fltr-iAirick was invincible, four widely
6ca-i-f:a hits being the sum total of
buraj i ; gainst his delivery. When it la
:akci jftuo consideration that Fitz knew
tig h: . to go in the box again in the aft
t:uv>i'and would naturally save himself
as tatfch as possible it looks jus though
xr;. ; ■email was next In line of promotion
to the big league. This was all the more
clairly demonstrated in the afternoon,
jrfaen-he held the Dentists down to six
ewats, three of which came In one Inning.
v e w pitchers in the country could go
It; to two games In one day and make such
■ >rd.
l'he crowd in the afternoon was aug
-3 K-nted by a delegation from the Garden
' City, who came up to help out Dalrym
l»le* in coaching. Their assistance waj j
unnecessary, however, for the dust-rais
ing cake-walker had the fireman going
for a lew minutes in the 111 til and the
game was lost and won.
Alter Krug had taken a couple of shots
at the sun, which cost two runs, the lo
cals played an errorless game, but chose
two runs played the mischief. Notwlth
- standing, the gurne was always interest
ing, and at times became intensely excit
ing, particularly In the ninth, when, with
two men out, ODea threw the ball into
the bleacher*, giving a. run that brought
the score to within one of even. The
crowd, which was Tiling out of the grand
: stand, scrambled back to their Beats, but
;a pop fly ended the agony.
Hilderbrandt came to the front as a
slugger, tearing off two doubles and a
tingle out of four times at bat, while
Krug got in a ■ race of two-cushion shot;.
Andrews pitched another good game
■ and was fairly well supported, although
Leak-.*, after Fitzpatrick soaked him in
the arm in the sixth inning, had a couple j
•<.>f bad spells. It was not to be wondered <
at. however, for the. ball the fireman !
lammed up against him smoked It was bo
hot.
Frisco opened up with two runs. Pyne
was given his base, going to third on
Krng's double. Rile} was gone on a
grounder to Hanlon nd Sullivan hit a hot
one to Leake. who fielded Pyne out at the
plate, Kniß going to third. Hilderbrandt's
double to ri^ht scored the Doctor and the
German, bur Muller's out at first on An
derson's assist ended the suspense.
The second inning was fraught with
much episode. With one out, Swindells
tva« safe on Andrews' error of his drive,
a:i'i went to second on Anderson's error,
A bungle by Leake put him over the rub
ber. Then came some fireworks by Krug
when Ban Jose went to bat. Dafrymple
hit to Hennle mid went to second on the
latter's high throw to first. Hanlon sent
nnoth«r down to him, and just to show
that his first effort wasn't a marker to
what he could do, Krug shot the ball
clear over into the bleachers. Dalrymple
and Hanloi scored, while Sullivan hunted
for the ball; but couldn't find it. After
that Krug appeared to be satisfied with
his efforts, for he didn't try to outdo
them.
They had Fitz up In the air for a brief I
period In the tilth, just long enough for
them to score three runs. I.ejLke led off
with a single and Andrews sacrificed.
Kent was assisted out at first by Riley
but when McGucken exploded a double '
scoring l.cake, Dalrymple and ODea
opened their vocal batteries ■•.: d the Fire
man become visibly affected. He walked
Graham to first and Anderson sent the
Professor and Unhappy home with an
other double. O'Neil and Swindells
sparred for time until Fitz climbed down
the fire escape, and Dalrymple stopped
further trouble by fouling out.
Swindells scored for Frisco in the sev
enth on Leake's wide throw, Fitz's out at
first and Pyne's long fly to right. San
Jose's run in the eighth was made by
Hanlon, who was given his base, stole
second and scored on • <■ I j.-.i double.
With two men out In the ninth, Pyne
hit a hot one to O'Dea. who fielded the
bail brilliantly and then duplicated Krug'M
best throw by shootlngiii across the dia
mond Into the bleachers Pyne making the
circuit. Krug settled it, however with a
pop fiy. The scores:
MORNING GAME.
B AN FRAN-CISCO.
-AH. 1> Ml. SB. I'D. A. E.
r.v..- . c. f 6 2 0 0 10 0 1
Krug. B I 6 6 3 0 0 7 0 1
Riley. 3 b 6 3 4 0 2 1 0
Sullivan. 1 b 5 2 2 0 ii 1 i
Hilderbrandt, r. T... 3 3 10 2 1 o
It 6 12 110 1
O Nell, 2 b ,-, 0 0 0 3 2 0
Swindells, c. 6 2 3 0 6 0 1 I
,p6ll 0 1 i o
Totals 49 M 16 1 27 U 1
PAN J' ISE
„ _ , . AH It. bh. SB. PO. A. X
M.-i iU. c. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0 i
Graham, r. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 1
And-rson, 2 b 3 0 1 0 4 4 1
Z>alrywp!e, I. t 3 0 0 1 4 0 '''I
Hanlon. lb 3 10 0 9 0 0
ODea. 3 b 3 0 10 111
I.cake. a. s 3 0 0 0 0 4 5
Eorcners, p 4 0 1 0 0 3 2
Kent, c 3 0 0 0 7 0 0
Totals 30 l 4 1 27 12 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ban Francisco ii 2 0 5 2 If 4 2 o— 'o
Base hits 2 3 0 3 2 0 3 8 o—l6
San Jose •. ..0 uOUIOOOO—I
Base hits 0 0 0 1 I 1 0 0 I—4
SUMMARY.
Rons responsible for— Fitzpatrick, 1; Borchers
6. Home run— Kru.?. Three-base hit— Muller'
Two-base hit-Sullivan. Sacrifice hits—Fltz
patrlck. I>-ake, Muller. First base on errors—
San Francisco, 8 ; San Jose, 2. First base on
S called balls— San Francisco, 4; San Jose, 5. Left
- 011 bases— San Francisco, 8; San Jose, 7 Struck
out— By Fitzpatrick, 8; by Borchers. 4' Double
plays— Km* to O'Neil to Sullivan (2)- Hilder
brandt to Sullivan. Wild pitches— Borchers 2
Time of game— l:4o. Umpire-Rube Levy!
Official scorer— H. 8. McFarlln.
AFTERNOON GAME.
SAN FRANCISCO.
• . ■-, AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne. c. f 4 1 0 0 1 0 0
Krug, s. a 6 12 0 2 12
Kiley. 3 b 4 0 0 0 14 0
Sullivan, 1 b 3 1 0 2 10 1 n
Hilderbrandt, r. t... 4 0 3 0 2 0 0
, Muilcr, 1. f 4 0 112 0 '0
O'Neil. 2 b « 0 0 0 110
• Swindells, c 4 2 0 0 4 1 0
, Fltzpntrick, p 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
_ Total 36 6 6 3 24 8 *2
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO A E
M Gucken, c. 1...... * 1.1 0 2 00
Grahapi, r. t 8 10 0 10 0
Anderson. 2 b 4 0 10 4 6 1
Dajrrmple, 1. t 4 1112 0 0
Hanlon, 1 b 3 2 0 0 12 0 0
ODea, 3 b 4 0 10 2 2 1
c Leake, 8; 8 3 11O1S2
Andrews, p 1 0 0 0 0 3 1
Kent, c 4 0 10 3 10
• Total 30 8 8 1 27 15 "5'
•; RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco 2 10 0 0 0 10 I—s
•» Base nils 2 0 10 110 1 0—
Ban Jose 0 2 0 0 3 00^1 •— «
Base h1te.. ........ V ,..0' 0 0 13 0 11 *— 4
SCULLERS AND SAILORS TAKE PORT
IN THE INDEPENDENCE DAY SPORTS
THR aquatic part of the Fourth of ,
July celebration was held yesterday,
and was highly successful. Mission
Street Wharf >'o. 2 and the Howard
and Folsom street wharves were
crowded with spectators viewing with
much Interest the barge and skiff raee 3
arranged by the regatta committee of the
Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union. There were five events.
and ail but one proved productive of In
teresting contests.
The lirst Item on the programme was
the junior outrlgged skiff race, for which
there were four entries. M. J. Breen of •
the South Ends took the Inside station,
nearest to the wharves, George Lewis of ,
the Alamedas had the inside center po
sition, Warner Lubbock of the Alamedas
was next to the outside and George Col
lopy of the Pioneers had outside place,
lireen secured the best of the start. At .
Folsom street wharf W. Lubbock retired.
Lewis turned the stake first, and M.
Breen and Collopy a little later. When •
half way home Breen'e left arm gave
out and he retired, leaving Lewis and
Collopy to finish. Collopy beinK farther
out was helped by the tide, but Lewis
stuck parnely to his work and rowed a ,
Aquatic Sports, in a Variety of Craft, Enliven the Water Front.
good race, though Collopy eventually
beat him out by about f<>ur lengths. The
winner's time was 7 minutes IT. seconds.
For the Junior barge rac- there was
two contesting crews— the Ariels and the
Dolphins. The Ariel crew, made up of
E McDonough. bow; C. Wilson, No. 2;
A. Hauehton. No. 3: E. Lynch, stroke,
and Roy West, cockswain, had the Inside
station, the outer position being taken
by the Dolphins, whose crt-w sat as fol
lows: W. Bush, bow: ('. M. Furrell. No.
2; Dr. F. R. Axton, No. 3; George Baker,
Btroke, and \V. Everts, cockswain. The
Dolphins rowed strongly, and reaching
the stakeboat, turned first; they were
never caught, winning by two lengths in
6 minutes and 15 seconds..
The senior outrigged skiff race brought
out Dr. C. C. Dennis of the South Ends,
who had the outside station; < '. 1.. Ochs
of the Pioneers, who took second place,
mid W O. Patch of the Dolphins, who
whs Inside. The start was even, and
none of the three had much advantage to
m. Then a large steamer came out
from one of the wharves, and Patch, In
stead of going astern of her. went for his
Btakeboat, which he fouled, thereupon re
tiring from the race. After the turn Ochs
had a good lead, and. pulling strongly,
Beemed a sure winner. Dennis kept
at a steady pace, however, and finally
beat Ochs, who steered a poor course, by
one length, after a close contest
The fourth event was a race between
summary. 1
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrick 3 Andrews
2 Two-base hits— Krug (2). HiMerbranJt (2).
McGucken, Anderson, O'Dea. Sacrifice hits—
Andre we, McGucken. First base on errors-
San Francisco 5. San Jose 2. First base on
called balls— San Francisco 2, San Jose 3. Left
on bases— San Francisco a. San Jose 5. Struck
out— By Fitzpatrick 4. by Andrews 2. Hit by
l ,], c hp _l >?a ke. Double play— Anderson- to
Hanlon. Paired ball— Kent. Time of pame—
One hour and thirty minutes. Umpire — Levy.
Official Stapleton.
Crabs and Dudes Break Even.
MORNING GAME.
SANTA CRUZ, July 2.—
SANTA CRIV*
AM. It J!H. SB. PO. A E.
I• . >reaux, 3 b 5 1 2 0 3 4 0
p ace c J fi 0 n 2 0 1
Clark. 1 b 5 12 0 9 0 0
Drennan. c. f 5 1 0 0 3 0 0 t
BtreJb. 1. f 5 1 2 1 1 0 0i
Klelber. a. > 3 0 1 0 C 2 1
Arellanes, 2 b 4 0 0 0 3 1 2
BaNz. r. f 3 1 1 0 0 0 0
DauL-nbis, P ♦ 1 2 0 ° J °j
Totals 36 6 10 1 27 8 4
OAKLAND.
AH. It. HH PH. PO. A. E.
[•*•■•■ If?. 2 b 4 0 2 U 1 3 0
Hammond, c 4 o 2 0 4 1 (■
Hardie, r. f 5 1 '< 0 1 0 0
DunleaTy, 1. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
i Lang'-. 3 b 4 12 0 14 1
Bchmeer. s. c 4 0 1 0 5 0 3
Donovan, c. t 4 0 1 1 2 0 0
Ford. 1 b 4 0 0 0 13 1 0
Bteffanl, \> 4 0 0 0 0 4 1
i Totals 87 2 8 1 27 13 6
RT'NS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Santa Onus 0 0010040 I—B
BaK hits 1 12 10 0 3 0 2-10
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 o—2
Baso hits 0 20001122— S
SUMMARY.
Three-base hits — Clark, l'aubenbis. Sacrifice
hlte— Pace. 2; Hammund. Firm base on errors
--Santa Cruz. 4; Oakland, 3. First bnse on call
ed balls— Off Daubenbis. 2: off Pteffanl, 0. l^eft
on -bases— Panta <ruz. S: Oakland, 11. struck
out--By Daubenbla, 3; by StelTanl, 5. Hit by
ittiher— Balnz. Double play— Ford to I/ange,
Time of game— l:4s. Umpire— P. Cahill. oftii-al
Bcorer— H. Flelslg.
AFTERNOON GAME.
SANTA CRI'Z..
, AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
1 ■• vreaux, 3 b 5 o 0 v 2 1 0
c 4 0 3 0 3 0 0
Clark. 1 b 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
Drennan. c. f 8 10 0 2 2 1
Str!*-!,, 1. f 4 2 3 12 0 0
Klelber. s. s 8 0 1 0 2 2 0
Arelianes. 2 b 8 0 0 0 2 0 1
Balsz, r. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Daubenbla, p 4 1 1 1 1 3 0
Totals 34 4 9 1 24 S 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples, 2 b 3 2 1 0 1 3 0
Hammond, C 3 12 13 10
Hardie. r. f 4 0 1 0 3 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 4 12 0 2 0 0
Lange, 3 b 4 0 10 0 10
Rchmeer, s. s 4 1 0 0 3 4 1
Donovan, c. t 4 0 10 0 0 0
Ford 1 b 3 0 0 0 14 0 0
Moskiman, p 3 0 1 0 1 4 1
Totals 32 5 8 1 27 12 2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 2 2 0 •— 5
Base hits 3 10 0 12 3 0 •— 9 ,
Santa Cruz 0 1 0 1 1 1 0 0 o—4
Base hits 0 i 1 1 2 2 1 0 o—9
SUMMARY.
Earned run— Oakland. Three-base hit —
Ha Ihz. Two-base hits— Pace, Hammond, Pee- j
pies. Sacrifice hits— Clark, Klelber. First base
on errors— Santa Cruz. 1: Oakland, 1. First
base on called balls— Oakland. 3; Santa Cruz,
1. Left on bases — Santa Cruz, 5: Oakland, 6.
Struck out — By Moskiman, 1. Double play —
Drennan to Daubenbls. Time of frame— l:4s. Um
pire—Cahill. Official scorer— H. Flelsig.
X Sugar Beets Defeated.
WATSONVILLE. July 2. -The Sugar
Beets played In a somewhat crippled con
dition to-day. Shortstop McCarthy has
another dos« of the sulks, and because
the management refused to let him play
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI,, MONDAY, JULY 3, 1899.
Divisions 1 and 2 of the Naval Battalion
of the National Guard, the former in a
ten-oared cutter, with P. J. Murphy as
cockswain, and the latter in a nix-oared
gig, with Fred Sutton as helmsman. As
might have been expected, the ten-oar
had the race almost from the start, the
six-oar being distanced.
The event that was looked forward to
with most interest was the senior barge
race, for which the Alamedas, the Uni
versity of California and the scratch crew
were "entered. The scratch crew was
made up of if. Wilson, bow; G. Laws >n,
No. 2; F. O. N.-ill. No. 3: A. W. Pape,
stroke, and Roy West, cockswain, and
had the inside station. The University of
California crew had the center place, and
was composed of James Hopper, bow; A.
D. Smith, No. 2; Ray Fryer, No. 3, and
F. Waggershauser, stroke. The Alameda
crew was composed of J. Lewis, bow; \V.
<; Hansen, No. 2; A. C. Webb, No. 3, and
F. Avers, stroke. The university men
started rather raggedly, but soon
settled down to their work. When they
came up to their stake, however, which
was next to the outside one, they found
the AJameda boat already there and could
not round the mark until the Alameda;*
had rounded and started away. Even
after both crews had straightened out for
home the fouling continued. Meanwhile
the scratch crew, with clear water befor •
them, rowed away and won as they! liked.
A protest was lodged against the Alamo
I an outside engagement on the Fourth of
July, when the team was to go to Santa |
j Cruz, he refused to play to-day. He was
i suspended and fined $."*. McCarthy is a
I good ballplayer, but he don't appreciate
j good treatment.
Billings took his place at shortstop, and
! although the first run was charged to. his
i errors, he played hard ball at times,
i "Whflan got the rattles badly. Repeated
ly the Beets had two men on the bags
when the third man would go out. Um
pire O'Connell's unjust decision in calling
the second run made by the Statesmen
safe, started the ratilps with Whelan and
affected a few of the other Beets.
WATSONVILLiE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brorkhoff, 3 b 4 0 10 112
Albright, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Courtney, c. t 4 0 3 0 2 0 0 ]
P*lna, 1 b 4 0 1 0 9 0 0 |
Morrow, c 3 0 0 0 4 10:
! Billings. 8. s 4 0 10 5 3 2
1 Flake 2 h 4 0 10 13 1
1 Haye=, r . f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
VWialen, p 3 110 15 2
Totals 32 1 8 0 »23 13 7
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
! Dennie, r. f 3 0 0 0 110
! Harvey, p 1 1 0 0 1 1 2
Doyle ' c. f 3 2 0 0 2 0 0
Eagan, s. b 4 0 10 110
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 S 2 0
Hhar.ahan, 1 h S 0 2 0 9 0 0,
McLaughlln, 1. f....4 1 0 1 3 1 II
Btulz 2 b 3 0 0 13 4 0
Bheehan. 3 b 4 1 3 0 1 2 0 j
Totals 2S 5 6 2 27 12 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Watsonvllle 0 01000000— 1
Ha?* lilts 1 12001210—8
Sacramento 0 0200021*— 5
Base hits 0 0100122 •— 6|
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Tlnrvpy 1. Two-base j
' hit— Eagan. Sacrifice hits— Morrow, Dennle, j
i Harvey, Doyle, Stulz. First base on errors— i
Watsonville 2, Sacramento 3. First base on i
called balls— Watsnnvlllp 1. Sacramento 3. .Left |
! on bases -Watsonville fi. Haorain.^nto 7. Struck ;
out By Whelan 3, by Harvey 4. Passed ball— j
Morrow. WIM pitches— Whelan 1. Harvey 1.
i Time of game — One hour and thirty-five mln-
I utes. Umpire — O'Oonnell. Scorer— Peckham.
TROTTERS WILL RACE.
A Fine Programme Prepared
by Golden Gate Park Driving
Association for To-Mor
row at Oakland.
The trotting and pacing races of the
Golden Gate Park Driving Association
will be held on the California Jockey
Club track, Emeryville to-morrow after
noon. The meeting is a complimentary
one, no admission fee being charged.
The programme gives promise of excit
ing sport, especially in the free-for-all
and also in the race for the Frank G.
O'Kane trophy. Some of the best horses
on the coast will face Starter Budd Doble.
Those who enjoy a little betting on the
outcome of the races will find opportunity
to place their coin. Owing to the length
of the programme, the horses will be
called for the first race at 1:30 p. m.
In the Handball Court.
The first Beriea of the contest between
Phil Ryan and Bat Sheehan of San Mateo
came oft yesterday at the former's court,
858 Howard street. The game was stub
bornly contested from start to finish and
ended in a tie, the score being 21, 15, 21, 17
for Ryan as against 18. 21, 13, 21 for Shee
han. The second inning of the play will
be had at the San Mateo court on next
Sunday.
Matches have been arranged between
the best local players for next Tuesday
afternoon at Ryan s court.
The scores or the games played yester
day are as follows:
E. Toy and B. Clements defeated M. Magulre
and W. Haasell. Score— 2o-21. 21-14. 21-19.
J. Hand and J. Sharp defeated R. Dolan and
Klleber Abbott. Score— 2l-4, 21-10, 21-3.
das f.>r taking the water and stake of the
University 01 California and lnterfeiintj
with the university boat's <K-.ur.se. Ref
i ree J. R. Bockman went ashore from the
othViul launch, and after hearing the ac
counta of both parties disqualified the
Alamedas ajid directed that the other two
Crews row the race again. The university
boya refusing to row the race off yester
day, the referee announcd that It would
be decided at Long Bridge next Sunday
at 10;30 a. m.
Yesterday's races were in charge of the
following officials: J. K. Bockman, rrf
eree; W. Orowney, starter; marshal of the
course, T. Sands; timers— A. P. Rothkopf,
\\\ Blake, J. T. Sullivan and D. Green
leaf; Judges— A- Taylor. Q. T. McGinness,
T. J. Sullivan. J. Parrell, J. C. r Stamer,
W. B. Hinchman, J. Brennan, M. J. Cal
nan, J. Lyons and J. Feehan.
THE WHITEHALL RACES.
J. Sennet.t's Golden Shore Car
ries Off the First Prize.
Af^er the rowing contests off Mission
street wharf had been finished the white
hall races "ft" Meiggs wharf became the
center of attraction. The tide ebbed until
about 2 o'clock In the afternoon, and aa
there was a strong breeze a considerable
Bea was kUkcd up, which made lively
D. Rodgers and M. McDonald defeated M.
McNeil and U Carralne. Score— 2l-13, 17-21,
21-12.
P. Herrin and ,T. Boyle defeated P. Foley and
J. Cas<-v Score— 2l-11, 9-21. 21-IK.
T. McManus and I". Basch defeated J. Dooley
and M. Berwln. Score— 2l-19. S-21, 21-14.
W. H. SU-berst and W. H. Kedlan defeated O.
Dall and P. Gau^han. Score— 2l-9. 13-21, ?1-1?.
A. McVlcker and T. I^yilnn defeated G. Smith
and .7. f'onrlon. Score— 2l-16. 12-21, 21-15.
E. Toy and 11. P'irnnn defeated \V. Stanß
bury ami M. tfcClure. Score— 2l-12, 19-21, 21-20.
WITH BAT AND BALL.
Pacific Cricketers Are Beaten
by Alamedas by a Narrow
Margin.
The Pacific Cricketers seem to be pur
sued by a demon of ill-luck. They had 121
runs to make yesterday to beat the Ala
meda team, and, though they had ob- j
tamed 109 of these when the fifth wicket
fell, they were all out for 117, or four less
than the required number. This result
was largely due to the fact of J. Myers j
getting unfortunately run out, when he
was well set and scoring freely, and
partly also to the fact that the team was
two men short.
The Alameda men went first to the bat,
G. J. Baugh being top scorer with 35.
Sewell bowled quite successfully, taking ;
5 wickets at a cost of about 12 runs j
apiece. Coles took 2 wickets for 21 runs.
C. Simmonds scored 52, not out for the Pa- i
cifies, but he received little help except
from J. Myers, who made 27, and F. !
Sewell, who contributed 13. The full !
scores are given below:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
F. Croll b. Coles 18
V. Seebeck c. McDonald b. Sewell 0 I
J. J. Morlarty c. and b. Harbour IS j
J. H. Saunders c. and b. Sewell 14 \
G. J. Baug b. Sewell 85
B. Bird b. Sewell 6 I
; G. Hellmann c. sub. b. Coles 8
! B. 11. Head, absent 0
I H. Ward, not out ; 12 !
W. O. Kurt man b. Sewell 8 |
L. Morris, run out 0'
Bye 1 — 1
Total 1 20 I
Runs at fall of each wicket— for 1, 2 for 33, i
3 for 37. 4 for 68, 6 for 85, 6 for 98, 7 for 106, 8 for I
US, 9 for 120.
SUMMARY OP BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W. Avjre.
Sewell 123 64 2 6 12 4-5
Slmmonds 42 14 3 0
Harbour G6 20 4 1 20 |
Coles M 21 . 3 3 10>4
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
J. Myers, run out 27
C. Slmmonds, not out 52
J. McGaw b. Croll 0!
F. Sewell b. Saunders 13
C. P. Coles b. Morlarty 9 I
I J. H. Harbour b. Fortman 7 1
A. W. Wilding: c. and b. Fortman 1 '
W. McDonald b. Croll 0'
W. G. Selwood c. Baußh. b Croll 0
Byes 4, leg byes 1, widca 3 8 I
Total 117 ;
Runs at fall of each wicket— l for 52, 2 for 32
3 for 84, 4 for 94, 5 for 109, 6 for 113, 7 for 115,
I for 117.
SUMMARY OF THE BOWLING.
Bowler— B. H. M. W. Avjce.
Croll 61 31 0 3 10 1-3 1
Saunders 96 22 7 1 22
Seebeck 43 12 1 0 ......
Bird 36 20 1 0
Morlarty 18 15 0 1 15
Fortman 19 9 0 2 4Vs
Fortman bowled 2 wides and Seeback v and
Croll 1 wide each.
Grass Fires Near Novato.
NOVATO, July 2.— Fire has started in
the dry grass on the hills east of Novato
and is threatening the hay crop which is
drying- in the fields. Fire fighters are
working in squads to protect the fields
and check the flames, but at a late hour
to-night the fire seemed to be burning as
fiercely as ever. It is supposed that the
fire started from the carelessness of some
hunter.
work for the whltehalls. The course was
from Powell-street wharf to and round
' Blossom Rock buoy, thence to and round
a Btakeboat anchored off Powell-street
wharf, thence to and round a stakeboat
off Fort Point, thence home across the
starting line. It was a reach to and from
Blossom Rock buoy, a beat out to Fort
Point and a run home with spinnakers
set. Boat No. 2, after rounding Blossom
Rock buoy carried away part of her run
ning- rigging, and retired from the race.
The following six boats completed tire
course without mishap and won the prizes
In the following order:
Golden Shore, No. 7, sailed by James Sen
nett.
Stewart Menzles, No. 3, sailed by David
Crow ley.
Arthur McCracken, No. 5, sailed by Thomas
Crowley.
Faugh-a-ballaugh, No. 1, sailed by "William
Clark.
Robert J. Tobin, No. 6, sailed by Maurice
Behan.
Chief Lees, No. S, sailed by Joseph Martin.
The race began at 1:30 p. m., and as the
tide turned soon after 2 o'clock the boats
came home on the Hood, and made great
time. The races were watched by a large
crowd of spectators on Powell-street
wharf, and were closely followed by par
ties on board the tugs Governor Mark
ham, Relief and Sea Queen. . The first was
In charge of Percy Henderson, the second
of G. C. Phillips and the last of C.
Fisher. The officials In charge of the race
were Percy Henderson, referee; James
McGowan and William Gateley, Judges.
At about 2 p. m. the Italian fishing
boats started for a race over a longer
course than the whitehalls. From Powell
ptreet wharf they reached over to the
Berkeley shoal buoy, round it and back
to Powell-street wharf, thence they beat
to windward out to Fort Point, and
thence ran home to the starting line. By
the time the little fellows came to beat
out to Fort Point the tide was flooding
strongly and the task was a hard one.
Once round the windward buoy, however,
it was simply a romp home. The boats
finished In the following order:
Mondo Nuovo, No. 2, sailed by Captain E.
Varcone.
Sempra Avantl,. No. 1, sailed by Captain
Rosso.
Isabella, No. 5, galled by Captain F. Onorato.
Sclacca, No. 4, sailed by Captain Sclacca.
Captain Agostino Massa's Llguria, when
almost certain of second place, and with
a chance of winning the first prize, had
the misfortune to have her mast snapped
In half, and was compelled to abandon the
race. The committee in charge of the
races consisted of the following: Vincent
Bardellini, referee; members of committee
Captain Louis Baglletto, S. Sanguinetti,
1. laachari, A. Fodera and A. Paladlni.
The steamer Henrietta carried the offi
cials and other guests.
SCOTTISH THISTLE CLUB'S
GATHERING ON THE FOURTH
Members
THROUGH the efforts of the
games committee of the Scot
tish Thistle Club the pro
gramme of events of the annual
gathering and games at rfhell
Mound Park to-morrow will surpass
in magnitude and excellence all pre
vious affairs of the kind. The commit
tee consists of James Baxter, David
Young, Andrew Ross", John R.» Ross,
John Swan, W. A. Dawson, John Ross,
royal chief; John Smith, chieftain, and
George W. Paterson, recorder. The
prizes to be awarded to the successful
competitors are far more numerous
and valuable than on any previous oc
casion. Several new features have
been introduced this year. The mile
YOUNG AMERICA
WINS HIS RACES
IN FINE STYLE
Captures the Stake at
Union Park.
SOME HIGH-CLASS COURSING
ROSIE CLAIR A SURPRISE IN
CONSOLATION EVENT.
Defeats Flush, on Odds-On Favorite,
in the Final, L'-itfling Strongly
All Through the
Com v.
«
Young America, the black and whit-;
dog, the property or J. O'Shea, justified
the confidence of hl.s tupportei by rump-
Ing homo a winner iii the final rou of
the open stake at Union Coursing Park
yesterday. He met Master Clair, another
black and white dog, which had also per
formed consistently throughout the day.
The lirst hare to which the brace of Heat
hounds were slipped blended in color with
the dry grass, and the dogs ran about
aimlessly, unsighted.
Their attendants caught them before
any harm had been done. They were soon
•lipped again, and it was evident that
Young America had the pace. He Id in
a straight run-up and killed, winning
handily.
There was a long line of bettors with
red tickets at each pool box, waiting to
cash in when Kosie Clair defeated Flush
for the linal of the Consolation stakes.
Flush was favorite at odds of 3 to ">. hav
ing been running well all day. The dog.s
ran as if coupled together for some dis
tance, when Rosie Clair led up, securing
the first and second turns. Flush scored
one turn, when Kosie Clair killed, win
ning the course.
There were several unusually Ion'?
courses. Victor King, a 3 to 1 short-end«*r,
beat Statesman. The latter scored many
points at the start, but the King finally
secured possession of the hare and won.
Benicia Boy and Terrona had a desperate
chase, which led them all over the Held,
Benicia Boy winning ultimately. The bet
ting was even money owing to the fine
showing made by Terrona with Rollicking
Airs when they met in the first round.
There will be coursing at Union Park
to-morrow, the card being a fifty-six-dog
reserve stake. The train service will be
the same as on Sunday. The results in
detail of the coursing yesterday follow:
Open stake, second round— Lowe & Thomp
son's St. Oran beat Handy & Smith's Lady
Hugo; J. Dean's Mlalmo beat Handy & Smith's
Magic; Russell, Allen <£.- Wilson's Lady Emma
beat Handy & Smith's Twin City Girl: Pasha
Kennels' Firm Friend beat D. J. Healey'g Maori
Land: H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat
Aeneld Kennels' ■"—tender; H. F. Anderson's
Crawford Uraee beat Murphy & Toland's
Pleasant Girl; George Whitney's Theron beat
Pasha Kennels' Metallic; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Master Clair beat Mllo Kennels' Vic
tor Kins; Bartels Bros.' Mac's Melody beat
A. Johnson's Mountain Beauts; John Maher's
Soubrette beat .1. I. O'Brien's Statesman; D.
J. Healey's Rusty Gold beat Murphy & To
land's Palmetto: P. J. Reillv's Warship beat
F. Moran's False Flatterer: .1. 0 Shea's Young
America beat O'Xell & Hanrahan's Promise
Me; Handy & Smith's BylvanuS beat D. J.
Healey's Lady Clare; P. Brophy's Benicia Boy
beat "Handy '& Smith's Ben Bolt: Handy &
Smith's Terrona beat Pasha Kennels' Rollick-
Ing Airs.
Third round— Mlalmo beat St. Oran; Firm
Friend beat Lady Emma; Crawford Braes beat
Lawrence; Master Clair beat Theron; Mac's
Melody beat Soubrette: Warship beat Rusty
Gold; Young America beat Sylvanus; Benicia
Boy beat Terrona.
Fourth round— Firm Friend beat Mlalmo;
Master Clair beat Crawford Braes; Mac's Mel
ody beat Warship; Young America beat Beni
cia Boy.
Fifth round — Master flair beat Firm Friend;
Young America beat Warship.
Final — Young America beat Master Clair.
Consolation stake. 16 entries— Victor Kin*
beat Statesman: Rollicking: Airs beat Royal
Flush: Golden Russet beat False Flatterer;
Rosie Clair beat Promise Me; Patrla beat Shar
key; Metallic beat Prince Hal: Flush beat
Maid of Erin; Kmin Pasha beat Rocket.
Second round — Victor King- beat Rollicking
Airs; Rosie Clair beat Golden Russet; Metallic
beat Patria; Flush beat Emm Pasha.
Third round— Roste Clair beat Victor King;
Flush beat Metallic.
Final— Rosle Clair beat Flush.
of the Games
race and vaulting with the pole con
tests will be under the immediate su
per%-ision of the Pacific Athlotfc Asso
ciation, Entries are more numerous
than heretofore, and the prospects are
that some records will be broken.
The games will commence at 10
POLICE MAKE
ARRESTS AT A
COURSING PARK
Los Angeles Law Is
Defied.
GAR/IE PROCEEDS ON SUNDAY
POOLSELLERS AND OFFICIALS
APPREHENDED.
— ♦
Despite the Diversion Occasioned
by the Raid, the Sport
Continues Throughout
the Day.
il Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 2.— The threat
made yesterday by Colonel F. D. Blark.
proprietor of the coursing grounds at Ag
ricultural I'iirk. that he would run the
hares to-daj in the face of all opposition
was, !ti the presence <>f thousands "f pa
carried to a successful conclusion
to-day. The more determined attitude of
Hbick arose from the orders given to
Chief of Police <;:n<s yesterday afternoon
by Mayor Fred. Baton, instructing: him
to arrest every man selling pools, and ev
ery man who in any manner took active
jan. in the coursing programme. The or
der went further, as it commanded the
Chief of Police to use the entire police of
the city to have the law enforced and the
gambling feature suppresi
Colonel Black early this morning- threw
open the gates, and, as admission was
free, crowds entered the park enclosure.
The first hare was slipped at l!.; ; i o'clock
and the voice of the poolseller w:us heard
above the plaudits of the crowd. Then
Police Sergeant Smith invested in some
pool tickets, and his action was followed
by the arrest of poolsellers Fred. Blake,
Tom Harrity and E. K. Kane. They were
taken to the Police Station and releasel
I cash bail each.
Another crowd of poolsellers took their
phots and the same proceeded unmo
lested until the first trio returned from
the station, when arrests of the second in
stallment of poolsellers followed. This
wa> to test the poolselline feature. Later
H. Peterson, the slipper; F. D. Mack, the
proprietor, and Edward < 'ana van, a slip
per, were arrested on a charge of cruelty
to animals. They were released on $luO
cash bail each.
The Association for the prevention of
cruelty t" animals to-night is exirodiagrly
wroth, as it insists that Glass did not use
force to dose the game, that Black in de
fiance of law sold pools and that Mayor
Eaton will, by his own instructions, be
compelled to < all Class to account for dis
obedience of orders.
SHELL MOUND SCORES.
Only Three Shooting Clubs Patronize
the Ranges.
Yesterday was an off-day for shooting
at tbe Shell Mound ranges and represent
atives from only three organizations tried
their skill with the rifles.
Company A of the Fifth held their reg
ular weekly practice shoot, but only
four or five men put in an appearance.
The Independent Rifles in their monthly
medal and bullseye shoots and the Frel
willipre Section of the Deutscher Krieger
Verein made some fairly good scores as
follows:
Monthly shooting Independent Rifles — Ser
geant C. Andrews 40, Corporal G. B. WorthinK
ton 40, Sergeant George Mitchell 3S, J. Kuik«
;i, Sergeant Kornbeck 3S, C. Fredrickson 37,
Corporal Stanz 37, C. Gilborson 33, Sergeant H.
SllchtmaiXD 30, H. Gatgen 29, Dr. W. A. Metr
dif-rks 23. R. V. Bither 19, Corporal H. Fred
rickson IS. G. Kellenberger 16, C. Iverson 33,
Captain Schneider 41. Sergeant Schneider 39.
Krieger Verein monthly medal shoot: Cham
pion clas.= — F. Keyser, 385; first class— J. Ben
vl~r, 315; second class— X. Silbersohn, 310; third
class— L>. I^aubscher, 255; first best shot— F.
Keyser, 23; last best Bhot— F. Mueller, 23.
Krieger Verein monthly bullseye shoot —
First prize, F. Miehle; second prize. George
Hetzel; third prize. X. Silberzahn; fourth
prize, F. Kaiser; fifth prize, Charles Meyer.
■ m ■
Russia has a business college (at Kiefl)
that was founded in 1588.
Committee.
o'clock in the morning and continue
throughout the entire day arid night.
Koyal Cmef John Ross and Recorder
George W. Paterson will manage the
games. John Donaldson will be the
official starter. \V. A. Dawson the of
ficial judge and John Elliott the offi
cial handicapper. The officers' tent
will be under the personal supervision
of Chieftain John Smith. The dancing
in the pavilion will be under the direc
tion of Peter Riddle and John Swan.
At night there will be a patriotic dis
play of fireworks. Persons appearing
in Highland costume and soldiers and
sailors in uniform will be admitted to
the park free, and any soldier or sailor
desiring to participate in the games
will be exempt from paying the en
trance fee.PATRIOTISM THE
THEME OF MANY
FERVID SERMONS
Brilliant Discourses
Are Delivered.
CHURCHES GAYLY DECORATED
REV. E. A. WOODS TALKS TO OLD
SOLDIERS.
Highly Interesting Thoughts on the
Birthday by Rev. Drs.
Wilson, Brown, Locke
and Hemphill.
Patriotism and kindred topics formed
the themes of many ministers in. last
night's services at the churches. The spirit
that pervades the anniversary of the na
tion's birthday permeated the glowing
words which told of love for our country.
At the First Baptist Church a Jars-?
audience, among whom were many mem
bers of various Grand Army posts, lis
tened to an eloquent and stirring address
by Rev. E. A. Woods. The church was
prettily decorated with greens and bunt-
Ing-, and the pulpit was draped with a
beautiful and very large American May.
The pastor spoke in part as follows:
It was with our fathers, is with the
children of Israel— to them patriotism and
piety were identical. In the foundation of
our national life, love of country and lV
ligion were the same.
We have me to our cr'at national holi
day, the Fourth of July, and we .ink. what
does it rn^an- thf day and flag". We
have developed from an insignificant na
tion to a great »e->p!e; from 4.000.000 to
60,400,000. Lot us see what these things
meant in our infancy.
The day and the flag stood out as symbols
of the great struggle of " ■■• Revolution;
they became the emblems of our national
lifo This spirit declined in the pr «Tesa i
'-' the '"■•■ ' struggle over slavery, but In [
that srfent and awful contest the day and
the ;\icr gained ;i new meaning:.
A litt'e more than n year ago our sym
path!»-;< and our consciousness as a na- [
t'.in 'vere again aroused. The nation de
rr.and-»1 that something )•■ done for the '
Buffering Cubans. in the motive which
prompted our Interference and in our ;
splendid victories, one of which was won on ;
the nation's natal dny, the day and the
flag acquired a yet deeper significance. !
WHAT CONSTITUTES
A PATRIOT?
In his sermon on "True Patriotism" last
evening Rev. Frederick C. Lee of the 'all
fornia-street M. E. Church discourse.!
brilliantly on what constitutes the true
and tlio sham patriot. Among the strong
Hintements made by him are the follow
ing:
True patriotism is based on the foundation
of good citizenship. It Is the passion which
aims to serve or.c's country, either in de
fending- hs honor abroad, or upholding and
maintaining its laws and Institutions at
home. ShaH we honor thru man with the
ti'.le of patriot because with loud voice and
foul tongue he curses the foreign foe and
f-hr.uts himself hoarse before a bulletin
b"aril. when for years thi? same man has
u**n living in open defiance of the laws of
hi* own State and eminent?
Think -nu, I call these ■ en good soldiers
and patriots, who. having donned the uni
form of T.'ncle Sam. stagger about our
streets, spend their days in saloons and
th*-!r nights In brawls, fighting, stabbing,
sh.-.'tin^. murdering each other or inoffen
sive citizens? No. they are a gang of cow
ardly criminals and in place of wearing
th" blue of Uncle ..am. ought to have the
stripes of ■ m Quentin.
Th- law abiding citizen, who hangs out a
bit of bunting, keeps sober and reads the
declaration of Independence to his children
— to himself if he be not blessed with
family— will do more a thousand fold to
honor his country and stimulate patriotic
feelings than the man who, with no more
Americanism than a Chinaman, lets of a
bundle of fire-crackers, drinks a barrel of
beer, disgraces the day by his drunken stag
gering, and makes the -•.i hideous with
his noise.
-_c true patriot will nnt dodge Dr. Dodge,
but take his medicine in form of a just
personal assessment without resorting to
fraud or perjury. If elected to public- place
he win not serve upon the principle that
".a public office is a private snap." rob the
City or State Treasury and award municipal
contracts to the linn giving the largest
"rake off. He will take a sincere inter
est and have an honest concern for the
moral and educational institutions of his
country.
BELIEVES IN PEACE.
At Calvary Presbyterian Church Rev.
Tm\ John Hemphill spoke on the subject
of "Patriotism.';! His text was taken from
Exodus xii:2<s. "What mean ye by this
service?" Said the pastor:
This question was asked by the Hebrew
chlMren of their fathers concerning the
cflebration of the Pentaeost. just ■- our
chiMren to-day a?k ,- ab ml the Fourth of
July. T^Pt us be sure that we remember
this fe?tal day in the right way. National
glori fixation is not the right way. We re
nifmt>er it aright when we Rive the glory
to the God of our fathers.
• The pa?tor referred briefly to the lea.l
lnp events In the country's history, and
while lie Justified war, and especially the
recent conflict with Spain, yet he quoto.l
with fervor the memorable words of Gen
eral Sherman, "War is hell." "I believe
In peace," hf said, "and the glorious day
is enmintr when international arbitration
will be substituted for cruel war."
NEGROES AS WARRIOR'S.
Rev. T. Brown Bpoke of the "Negro s-.
a Warrior Patriot" at the Starr
| in M. B. <"hurch last night. A
large c< nxregation listened to the ititer
. eloqu< i • discourse. He said in
part:
Hannibal, a net,-;- ■ was one of the great
[ulty. Tonsatnt, the
pr»ir ■: i, 'h agh cap
tured by Napoleon's tr-sachery, yet died
a hero for country. No one ever
thought that when twenty negroes were
brought t" America In 1820 that the sons
and daughters of those men would be the
chair,; lon* -f America and take part In the
treat Katies of the nation.
ROBERT GRIEVE PASSES
AWAY IN THIS CITY
WEALTHY HONOLULU PRINTER
GOES TO HIS REWARD.
Weil Known in San Francisco and in
the Islands, Where He Had
Resided Many Years.
Robert Grieve of Honolulu died in this
city on Saturday at the age of 69. He was
ona of America's old-time printers. His
associations with the craft In the United
States and in the Hawaiian Islands both
confer distinction on his memory. Born
in Scotland he went when quite young
to Canada West long before the Domin
ion had an existence. Before he attained
his majority he came to the United
States and forthwith trained as an
American. He was a printer in the New
York Tribune office, as such becoming an
adept In deciphering the grotesque hiero
glyphics of Horace Greeley. Mr. Grieve
was also one of Joseph Medill's printers*
at the birth of the Cleveland Leader.
Going to the Hawaiian Islands some
where along in the forties or fifties, he
made his jnark there as a printer and
newspaper publisher. He was owner of
the Hawaiian Gazette, now the oldest ex
isting English newspaper in the. islands.
Having acquired a competence through
his industry he sold the Gazette in LBB7
and retired from active business. He re
sumed business as a book and job printer
a couple of years later. He leaves a prof
itable establishment under th*.- manage
ment of his son, W. L. Grieve, whom no
brought up to the trade.
Mr. Grieve was one of the most highly
esteemed citizens of Honolulu, a thor
oughly square and Independent man. He
came to San Francisco a few weeks ago
to receive special treatment for his siglit,
which for some years had been steadily
failing. Mrs. Grieve accompanied him
with their daughter, Mrs. James L. Mc-
Lean, wife of the secretary of the Interisl
and Steam Navigation Company. The de
ceased leaves much valuable real eslato
in Honolulu in addition to his printing
establishment.
FRACAS IN A SALOON.
A general saloon mix-up occurred in the
i suloon kept by John Byrne at 12S New
Montgomery street yesterday afternoon.
As a ref-ult, three combatants. E. F.
Tully, aged CO years, residing at 100 Sec
| ond strec-t; James O'Brien, otherwise
j known as "rug." and residing at 114 Na-
I tonia street, and the proprietor of the
j liquor dispensary were ail treated at the
| city hospital for gashes and bruises, and
the two former lucked up at the Central
Police Station.
Tully came to the saloon with hip "can"
and ordered it filled with beer. This
Byrne proceeded to do. but in the mean
while his customer became involved in a
1 dispute with O'Brien. Tully drew a
j knife ar.d O'Brien lost no timp In getting
: behind the bar. where he seized a ver
i mouth butttle and pitched Into the com
i bat. Byrne, realizing that his cordial was
! iikelv to be spilled in the fracas, pulled
!up his sleeeves and made the affair
three-handed. The men fought tor some
time and each received severe cuts anil
bruises aooul the head and body.
Byrne was taken to the Harbor Hos
; pital and O'Brien and Tully were booked
at tho Central Police Station after their
wounds had been dressed at the Receiv
ing Hospital.
FRAWLEY AND
MISS BATES
COMING HOME
The Company Wil! Soon Com
mence a Season in the Cali
fornia, Where Stockwell Ap
peared Last Night in "A
Midnight Bell."
i y Ashton Stevens
npHERE were buzz and murmur in.
the California Theater last night
that were not entirely due to the
fact that L. R. Stockwell and Ma
company of roadsters were giving a
performance of Mr. Hoyt's "Mid
night Bell." Good news was being whis
about; namely, that Timothy Dan
iel Frawley and his company and (I wish
the linotype had italics for that last
| "and 1 :) Blanche Bates would soon be
! playacting in that very same theater. On
| Thursday the 13th inst. the opening takes ■
; place. Mr. Frawley is superstitiously
j enamored of the number 13; hence the
! midweek opening.
[1 sec ms we can't lose the Frawleys any
more than they can lose us. Here the orig
| inal thirteen of them made their start;
and, after deserting us for the joys of i
Eastern applause and the pains of East
ern summertime, it is here they come
back to bouse in the California and com
, plete their circle of San Francisco's first
theaters. The Frawley company
has won a reputation that is more than
, Western, and Blanch- Bates well, she is !
j now acknowledged to be what 1 had the
j audacity to rail nor some time before she .
stirred up the adjectives of the New fork
and Washington critics: one of the few
absolute artists on the American Btage.
It was her performance in "The Dancing
Girl" that called out my superlatives, and,
happily enough, it is as Prusilla Ives in '
; this same play that she will make her
| reappearance in the California on the
' Thursday night of the 13th inst.
Providing we don't get as much of it j
as w« ar» having now in the operatic ;
line, there is nothing like good honest !
competition in the theatrical business.
With the return of Frawley, Miller will
not be the only blossom on the bough;
there will be two playhouses instead of
one that a sensitive person may enter (
with safety. Ffawley's list looms well: !
; Blanche Bates. Mary Van Buren. Kath
leen Chambers. Edith Miller. Rose Whit
ney. May Starkf-y. Mrs. F. M. Bates,
Augustus Cook, Harrington Reynolds,
Charles W. King. Alfred Hiekman, Harry
Turnbull, Frank Wilmot, J. R.
Armory, J. B. Hollis, George Gaston,
Frank Mathieu and T. Daniel himself.
| For pieces they have, besides "The
Dancing Girl." "Madame Sans Gene,"
"The Master of Woodbarrow," "An
I Enemy to the Kin*;" and some new ones,
whose titles Mr. Frawley ele.-ts to
[ keep secret until his arrival next Wednes
-1 day. The season will last six weeks at
least, possibly ight. hut Miss Bates
' ', will not be fu-re all of that period, as she
\ has to return to New York in time for ;
■ rehearsals in the leading role of Zang- I
: will's Ghetto play.
How history inverts itself! Several
years ago when the Frawleys |
were gathering in all kinds of wealth and
flowers the Frohmans sent Herbert K-l
--cey and a crack company to the Califor- j
nia. Xow. Mr. Frohman is prospering at j
; the Columbia, and up pops Frawley in the j
1 California.
i : The ever-busy Mr. Friedlander had been j
I working on the deal for some weeks, but j
' not until last night did he clinch the final I
I arrangements. Mr. Friedlander is a I
i brother of the blood but n«'t of the syndi- j
! cate, and it is a plume in his beadwear to ,
! have b< cured one of the few first-class at- j
! tractions that are not controlled by the
theatrical trust.
• • •
. ■ In view of the good things coming we j
L may deal briefly and gently with Mr.
• Stockwell's season of one week. "A Mid- j
1 night Bell" is a mild melodrama set to x
\ tunny Hoyt accompaniment, principally j
accompaniment. Realism finds expression j
; in the externals; real children, real sleds
: and several instances of almost reai dia-
The play could have been written
nowhere but in America; but even so,
there is no particular reason why we
: should be proud of it. Still, it has consid- '
: erable of the Hoyt snap; the joke?, though
'no longer young, are characteristically j
sappy, with a little wisdom tucked away >
in many of them— and anyway, why go
' | back on a piece that we voted pretty j
j good entertainment when it was young? ■
The same applies to Mr. Stockwell. J, for
i ! one, would like to see him ohange a bit, j
: step up with the procession; any change I
{ would do. But while he is Just the same, j
| that old same, as Deacon Tedd he seems to j
l i delight the crowd as much as ever. Miss j
I Pearl Landers (pitting a big girl now i* !
' the little Tivoli lass of yesterday) Is truly j
formidable as the minister's sister; and '
i Scott Seaton, a recently reformed capi
■ talist, or something like that, of Oakland,
I is very beautiful and very pathetic as her |
> j clergyman brother.
I I The others of the company have no In
i ten st for us beyond the way they play
I j their parrs, and the least said about that
- the better. Even a dramatic critic has !
■ the right to be good-natured on Sunday
I night. But I am too soon to finish! In ;
I saving Master (Jus Tait f^r the last and I
i ; »k st. 1 had almost left him out entirely.
-■This young gentleman's • performance of
i ' the boy Martin is the one rich character j
. j in the production, a capital study that
> i makes me wonder how Tom Sawyer
i would do for the stage. Given the proper
dramatization, I am sure that Master
" Tait would win in the part.
STABBED BY HIS WIFE.
Mike Kelly Abuses His Spouse and
Receives an Ugly Cut.
Mik" Kelly, a wool sorter living at 206
Fifth street, went home in an intoxicated
condition last night and proceeded to
nhu^e his wife. Catching her by the
throat he threw her against the wall
after threatening to make her a subject
for the Coroner.
Fearing that he Intended to kill her
Airs Kellv picked up a carving-knife and
plunged the blade Into her husband's left
hand cutting a deep gash.
Kellv was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital 'where the wound was dressed. His
wife 'was* afterward arrested and charged
with an assault with a deadly weapon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 31OXDAY, JULY 3, 1899.
EARLY MORNING
BURGLAR LANDED
BY THE POLICE
Jesse Russell Neatly
Captured.
STOLEN WATCHES RECOVERED
DOWNFALL OF A WELL-KNOWN
YOUNG CLERK.
Enters the Room of J. W. Fagely in
Central Bank Building and
When Cornered by De
tectives Confesses.
Oakland Office San Francisco <""all,
908 Broadway. July 2.
Jesse Russell, aged 20 years, and resid- ;
Ing with his parents at 517 Eleventh
street, was cleverly arrested at an early
hour this morning and languishes in the ,
fitv Prison hooked for burglary. The
arrest was effected about an hour after
the commission of the crime and the pris
oner, after much reluctance, confessed
bis guilt.
Shortly before 5 oYlock the room of J.
\V. Fapely In the Central Hank buildinpr
was entered by a burglar and two gold ,
watches were stolen. Fagely and an- j
other man were asleep in the room at the j
time and the movements of the intruder j
aroused Fagely. who immediately arose!
and the burglar fled. The latter was just
in the act of going through Fagely's j
trousers, the pockets of which contained
a considerable sum of money.
Fagely immediately dressed and noti
fied the police. With the description
given by him Officers Stahle and Lynch j
set out on a still hunt and shortly after 6
o'clock a man answering the description
was seen standing in a doorway on Elev
enth Street, near Washington. When
placed under arrest he gave his name as
Jesse Russell and with a cynical smile
remarked that he had heard the police |
were looking for him; that he had called
at the City Prison to Bee about it. but had ,
found the place locked.
Russell stoutly protested his innocence
until cornered by the officers at the City
Prison afterward, when he broke down
and acknowledged that he was the bur
glar, and thai the two stolen gold watchew
could be found on the roof of the Henry
House on Ninth street, between Washing
tun and Broadway. Later the officers re
covered the timepiece s.
Russell is well known about town. He
is of respectable parentage and fairly
well educated. He has been employed as
clerk in several local stores, but his
downfall is attributed to certain asso- !
dates of a shady character.
Neglected Opportunities.
! Rev. J. George Gibson preached an able !
i discourse on "Neglected Opportunities" ■
before the congregation of the Emmanuel
Baptist Church last night. He said in
I part:
Opportunities to do more and be more come !
|to every human being. Some lives are more !
j fortunate than others. Some have more
' chances, hut most people have opportunities, i
j These opportunities, whether great or small, j
i prove what people are. Great people are not
; always people with a wonderful amount of
I genius, but people who improve their chances.
Success In life is very much a matter of wis
dom. Men of splendid power fail because they |
, do not take advantage of the incoming tide.
j The ordinary men are the men who rule th»
I world. Men who know how to grasp the occa- ;
; sion are the leading men. This gift is often
times greater than mere learning.
No opportunity should be despised. We never
can tell how the small will lead on to the great, j
or the little will lead out to the much. Small
seeds contain treat trees. Little streams
broaden out to great rivers. The small oppor
tunity of we use It may be the first step on i
I the ladder the most of which at present is out ;
1 of sight. Many a boy by falling to keep an .
appointment has lost a good situation.
Don't say you have no opportunities. That
i spirit will keep you from seeing them. Hoy
life of to-day Is defective in Its eyesight. Blind
ness to see opportunities Is one of the diseases
of to-day. The boys are waiting for great op
portunities. They will never come as lone as
we Blight the little ones.
» ♦ »
Attempted Suicide.
Genrpe T>avts. who has been employed
In cheap restaurants as a waiter, but
who was at one time a miner, stabbed
himself in the throat in a saloon at 13S
Montgomery avenue at 1:30 o'clock this
morning. He was taken to th<- Harbor
Hospital, where his wound was dressed.
The man has been out of work for some
time and had also been drinklnsr .leavily.
; He was despondent and wanted to end
his life. His wound will not prove fatal.
: li.'.vis- is aboul 55 years of age.
—•-.
! Theosophical Brotherhood.
The Universal Brotherhood of Theoso
j phlsts held itf= regular weekly meeting in
the hall of the Academy of Sciences last
i evening. A lecture on theosophiral sub-
Jectß, t:nder the title "Awakening to the
; Soul,"' w;is delivered by Amos Johnson
I and listened to with deep attention by a
large and appreciative audience. At the
conclusion of the lecture a general discus
sion was entered into, during which many
important and Interesting questions were
' asked and answered.
Gerkin Was Too Affectionate.
Mrs. Minnie ("Jerkin. 668 Folsom street,
I wife of P. Gerkir. a longshoreman, was
I taken to the Receiving Hospital yester
' day suffering from erysipelas In the face.
She said her husband came home Friday
night under the influence of liquor ami.
after kissing her. bit her on the cheek.
]>r Rice could find no marks of teeth <m
the chf<k and Qerkin denied that he bit
i her or struck h<-r. She was sent to the
' City and County Hospital.
Left for Lake Tahoe.
Charles F. Hoey and Val. .1. Cooney,
two -veil-known residents of this city, de
• parted for Lake Tahoe yesterday for rest
■ and recreation. They expect to remain at
i the watering place for a f(-w weeks.
COPPER DISCOVERY
ON WHITE RIVER
SEATTLE, July 2.— One of the greatest
strikes in placer copper is reported from
■ White River, Alaska. This stream is the
| first tributary of the Yukon on the right
j side going up. Henry Bradnor's men are
the lucky locators, and they claim the
i world has never before heard of such a
i strike.
Three of Hradnor's party rowed up tne
White River twenty miles before they
found much encouragement. There a pah
snowed up copper metal In quantity. They
I Immediately started to sink, and the
deeper they went the greater became the
Quantity, until it ran about 9.s per cent.
They report that as they got down toward
I bedrock they discovered immense chunks
of copper, some as large as a common
i trunk and many larger than a water
■ bucket. Preparations were at once made
to work the ground on an extensive scale,
as the area was supposed to be largo.
These prospectora were looking for gold
bearing placers, and great was their sur
prise to tind ground that, run through a
sluice-box, yielded not only nuggets, but
j large chunks of copper metal.
RIFLES CRACK AT
SCHUETZEN PARK
SAN RAFAEL, July 2.— The monthly
' medal shoots of the California Shuetzen
, club and thp Verein Elntracht Shooting
j Section were held yesterday at Schuetzen
I Park. A fair crowd was in attendance at
the butts and during- the day some good
scorrs were made. John Utschig Sr. made
; the highest score for the California Club
I and R. Stettin for the Vorein Eintracht.
I In detail the scores of the two organiza
j tions wore a? follows:
California Schuetzen Club monthly medal
I contest— First rhmnpion cla.«s: J. I'tschlK. 2"1
--816; A. Stretker, 2\^; D. W. Mcl-aUKhlln, 214
--•_'"4. Hecor.il champion elats: F. E. Mason, 223
--210; D. B Fakt-.r. 217: William Ehrenpfnrt. l">:i
--118; R. Rahwylpr, IS3-IS3. First cla*s: A.
t'tsehigr. MB. Pe<-on<l rlass: J. K. Gormann.
n216-210; Captain F. Attinger, 207-IK4; G. Tar
m«yer. 201-lSn; A. Jungblut, US-US; A. Breuss,
ISO. Thir.l class: A. Humpel, I^-1S1: C. Sasre
horn, 182-171; M. Rouhold. 16S-161; F. C. Hager
op, 158-140. Fourth class: F. A. Si-hrumpf.
15S-14S; F. W. Hclknap. 206-188. Cadet :lass: J.
KuUmann, 194: I^. \Voenne. I*2-152; W. W< enne,
iv.'-'jS.
Vermin Kintracht monthly medal
Chrimplon class, H. Stettin. 384: lirst class. G.
A. Btroh, 381; second class, C. EJillngei
third class, C. F. Oucr. 240; first best shot. U.
St'-ttin. S3; les' betrt shot, < '. Suehnrtedt, T'..
WILL MEET TO DISCUSS
PARTY ORGANIZATION
ST. LOUTS, July 2.— A call for a meet- |
ing of the National Democratic Com- |
mittee to take place July 20 at the Sher
man House in Chicago was issued here
to-day and a copy mailed to each mem- j
ber. The call follows:
ST LOUIS. July —At an informal confer- i
ence of members of the Democratic National j
Committee, held in St. Louis. May 25, 1899, to
which you were invited and which- was attend- j
ed by about one-half of the committee, a reso- ,
lution was unanimously adopted to the ef
fect that It was deemed advisable that the com
mittee should meet at an early day in formal
session to consider matters relating to party .
organization and other questions pending of im
portance to the party, and suggesting that the
meeting be held in Chicago, on July 20. 1899:
which resolution the chairman of the confer
ence was directed to forward to James K. I
Jones, chairman of the national committee, for i
his .consideration. and action:-
This resolutions was accordingly forwarded to
Senator Jones, who Is now absent from the
country under the direction "' his physician,
and he, having concurred in the suggestion of ;
the conference, has authorized and directed me,
as acting secretary of the committee in the I
temporary absence In Alaska of the Hon. C. j
A Walsh, the regular secretary, to call the '
committee to meet In accordance with the reso- |
lution referred to and adopted in St. Louis in
M a v
You are hereby notified that the Democratic
National Committee will meet in formal session
for the purposes named at the ladies ordinary
of the Sherman House, In the city of Chicago. ;
at 11 o'clock a. m.. on Thursday, the 20th day
of July, ■ 1899, at which meeting you are ear
nestly invited to i ■• present.
J. G. JOHNSON, Acting Secretary.
A BRILLIANT SOLDIER
ANSWERS THE LAST CALL
WASHINGTON. July 2.— General Hora
tio G. Wright, who made a brilliant record
in the late war. serving at Gettysburg j
and the campaign in the Wilderness and
around Richmond, died here to-day alter ;
an illness, of throe months. .
Besides his tine war record. General
Wright achieved eminence as an engineer,
serving as chief of the United States army j
engineers from 1879 until his retirement in j
1884. . ■ .
CHILD BURNED TO
DEATH AT SACRAMENTO
SaCKAMPNTO, July -—A three-year- !
old child was burni ii to death and its
twelve-year-old brother seriously injured,
and seven other chiiuren had narrow es
capes from death In a fire in a dwelling!
at midnight. •■■• y were children of Leon
( 'oz.
MARYSVILLE BICYCLE RACES.
MARYSVII.LK. .Tuly 2.— Nearly 1000 per
sons witnessed the bicycle races at Agri
cultural I'ark this afternoon.
The flrs< event, mile heats, best two in
three, between Will Valencia ->f Santa
<"ruz and George Phillips of Yuba City
was won by the latter in straight heats.
Tim-. 2:33% and l\:c,.
Tli. on.-third mile open race was? won
by J. E. Wing of San Jose, A. McDonald
of San Jose second. Time, :4S' 2 .
In the one-mile open rare the San Jose.
ti.i< rs finished in the same position. Time,
2:22 1 2 .
The pursuit race, twenty-five miles, in
which Marysville, Wheatland and Yuba
City trams of live nvii each participated,
was won by the Marysville riders, Fuba
City second. The winners had two-thirds
of a mile advantage at the close. Time,
1:15.
There were a Chinese race and a boot- i
black race, both of which produced con
sideraMe amusement.
Death of Owen Tuttle.
WATBONVILLJ2, July 2.— Owen Tuttle,
the pioneer hop-raiser of this valley, a
directors <>f the Bank of Watsonville, and
one of the leading capitalists of the
county, died suddenly this morning from
heart failure. He was up and around just
a few minutes before his death. Mr. Tut
tle had larK' 1 financial Interests in Santa
Clara. Monterey and Los Angeles coun
ties. He leavea a widow and eight chil
dren. He was a native of Ohio and was
in liis seventy-second year. He will be
rmri.il here to-morrow afternoon.
Negroes Sent From Pana.
PANA, II!.. July 2.— The last of the
thousand or more negro miners imported
by operators during the past ton months
to supplant union men have departed on
tickets furnished by Governor Tanner.
All the operators are silent and the min
ers say the pits are closed Indefinitely.
There is an understanding, however, that
when repairs ar, completed the pits will
he opened with union men.
Henry Vilas Dead.
MILWAUKEE, July 2.— A Sentinel spe
cial fn.m Madison. Wis.. says that Henry
Vilas, the only son of ex-United States
Senator William F. Vilas, died to-night
from diabetes. !!•■ recently returned from
California, where he spent the winter
with his wife, formerly Miss Ford of
Pittsburgh He was 2»i years old and a
fraduate of the State University J.aw
chool.
Thief Got the Rabbits.
SAN Josh. July :.'. The coursing to-day
ended after the second run down, on ac
count of the supply of raMiits having
been exhausted. Some miscreant broke
into the pens on Saturday night and made
away with about thirty hares that were
to haye heen used to-day.
Planing Mill Destroyed.
WASHINGTON, July 2.— Fire, whirh is
thought to hay.- been of Incendiary origin,
destroyed tin- targe planing mill, lumber
sheds and nearly nil the lumber in stn< k
of Th"iiKis W. Smith's yard at Fourth
ami N streets. Southeast. Loss about
$50,000.
War Material for Africa.
LONDON. July 2.- Last week more than
a thousand tons of war material and
fodder was forwarded from the Wool
wich dockyard to South Africa.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E T Wrlßht. Auburn E W Risley, Fresno
F S Homage, Auburn R H Davlg, Oakland
Mr Hums & w, Cal '", x Handle, Sacto
X M Lelonu. Sacto Mrs J B Robinson.' 'al
Mrs L I' Osbome, Cal Miss Cochran. «'al
W A BriRKS, Sacto C Schmld A- w. Sacto
\V X Perren, San Jose J H Parker L* S A
I". Strain, San Jose -Mrs C i: r.idle, rtah
F O Andrews ft w. Cal (' F Leavey & f. Cal
T F Day. Cal W M Harvey & w.
J H Gardiner, R Vista Tar-oma
t; McCabe, Pittslmrß A J Larson. Lodl
c H West, PJttrtFHTg B Walling, Ivjdi
j Lanacan, Stanford V i..-irs. in . Lodl
M Friedlander. Cal J n Blddle, Hanford
U Rotn. <"al 8 B Fulton, S Rosa
W inglis * w, <'nl H H Sherk, Pasadena
S A F.oster. Newark S L Strother &w, Cal
G Wilson. Sanger J F Chlsmena, Salinas
J G Ferguson, t'al II X McLenOi :i. Sact i
O C Codingtoia Cal Mrs G w West lake,
T H Doyle, N V Hoi Bluff
W A Teutach, Or L Falkenburic, Mo
N W Hoyt, Conn E Bwiaford, Cal
C Walmadge A w, Cal C H Bchweley, Cal
M C t>reslifield «t w, It R Perronnet, M ■
N y B J Conrad, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
J Elsendrath. Chga F T Simpsoß, Ixindon
J E Northrup, Minn t: V Sturdy, London
C P Breslan, Ban i ■•■ S W Starrock, Dundee
T P W.its. .n. S»i to Master W Tevls. Cal
C R Thorburn. Bonora Mlsi A Oaintzach, Cal
C E Rommell. 0S N Mrs W D <;.isard. Cal
c R (Vxquec San Jom J M Lessinaky, N V
M M '• an Fleet, Colo F Luckenbach. X V
X A Parker. Cal Mrs F Luckenbach. NY
H S Hi/ward, Oakland .1 H Ml Bride. Cal
F T McHenry, N V W H Brevoort N V
Mrs s C Miles, N V H F Smith, Cal
Mrs H Gllborn, N V T Flint Jr. San Juan
M F Watts, St Louis J o West, N V
Mrs F Watts, St Lmils I Mrs J O West. N V
Mary Buckley. N V ; W B True. San Jose
\ E Phelps, N V W C Ruhlinß. CaJ
W M Graham. Cal |T C Perrln. N V
J V Kidder, Cal !•' A Allen. Stanford
Mrs T W Hall. NY B F Johnson. Chicago
Miss X R Hall. N V Mrs B F Johnson. 11l
L B Hall. N V IE R Cowles, N V
Mrs L B Hall. N V 'j F R Wurck. Pa
NKW TTEST KR N HOTEL.
S J Brown. Pt Reyea Q Farlnl. Victoria
c; B Wusstiß. NY !J Es<juerto, San Jose
J Lennon, Sonorn |F G Nicolle, Honolulu
B Fisher. Redvvwod CyiW Stack. San Dieg-o
C J Kohler. Boston iG Williams. Sacto
F B Williams. Boston S Kramer. Chico
T Winter, Chffo 3 Brant. Stockton
J Mulroy. N 1 J P Wilson, S. Dle K o
W I'illng, L Ann? J A Raynor, N V
F Howell, Chlco L F Stine, Omahm
E S Colstrom. Stktn
CORRIGAN MAY BE
MADE A CARDINAL
NEW YORK! July 2.— A World cable
from Rome says: Tie World correspond
ent asked the Pope's c-hirf priva- secre
tary, Monsignor Angeli. to-day, if he
ihoupht it likeiy. as some newspapers
i.t\. announced, that Archbishop Ireland
will be promoted .o a Cardinalate.
"If the Pope decides to create another
American Cardinal." Monsipnor Ange.i
answered, "the choice will fall. I think,
upon Monsignor Corrigan, Arcnbishop of
New York. The i ope holds Monsignor
Ireland in higrh esteem, but his promotion
to be a Cardinal migrht offend the feehners
of the majority of the American Catn-
Cardlnal Svampa has been in Rome
twice within the last few weeks and has
had lontr conferences with the Pope. Car
dinals Svampa and Cotti are considered
the strongest candidates for successor to
Leo Xlfl. The last time cardinal
guampa came here he was called by the
Pope The conferences were probably up
on succession. The World correspondent
inquired of Msrr. AngelJ who. in the opin
ion of the Vatican prelates, are the two
cardinals the Pone created in petto with
out jnii'iincing- their names.
Mer Angell answered that it is impos-
Sible to know the secrets of the Pope but
he supposes one of the cardinals is .<lur.
Del volpe, major donv> of the Pope, and
the "thf-r Mgr. Casanova, archbishop of
Santiago, Chile.
Wilson Coming West.
PHICAGO. July 2. — Secretary of Aerri
cmiture Wilson — route to his home in
lowa, arrived in Chicago to-night. After
a short stay in lowa he will travel to the
Pat ific Coast, partly to take a summer
rest, but also to Investigate pertain aerri
cultural problems of that region.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Tim?)
. SAX FRANCISCO. July 2, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 58; Red Bluff, 108; Sacramento, 9S;
Fresno, 106; Pan Luis Obispo, 76; Independence,
96; Los Angeles, 82; San Diego, 68; Vuma, 110.
San Francisco data- Maximum temperature,
68; minimum, 48; mean. 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
j FORECAST.
Light thunder storms have occurred over
Utah during the day. Elsewhere west of the
Rocky Mountains fair weather has.. prevailed.
The pressure has fallen slightly over .the
country west of the Rocky Mountains except in
Southern California, the southern portions of
Nevada and I'tah and Western Arizona.
The temperature has risen in all districts ex
cept Southeastern California and the southern
portion of Nevada and Utah and Western Ari
zona. In the interior of California the tem
perature Is about 12 degrees above the normal
and approximates about 105 degrees.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 8, 1599:
Northern California Fair Monday, except fog
along the central coast in the morning; fresh
westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday, except
foggy alnns the coast In the morning; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday; warmer In the southern
portion.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Monday, with fog in the morning; brisk west
erly wind. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of Hißh and U>w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thortly of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hi?h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute* later than at Fort Point;
ihe height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, JTIA' 3.
an rise;; 4:52
un sets 7:3.*)
loon rises 1:13 a. m.
C Tlme| Time Time Time
» 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
S L, W H W L W H W
T~.. 2:21—0.2 9:10 4.1 1:31' 2.7 8:041 6.3
4 ... 8:16—0.51 10:14! 4.3 2:25 2.9: »:51l 6.2
5 ... 4:01—0.8 11:01 4.5 8:161 3.0 9:85! 6.2
6 .. 4:44'— 0.9 l 11:451 4.7 4:04 ! 3.0 10:16 6.1
7 .. 5:201— 0.9| 12:22' 4.8 4:51 3.0' 10:56) 6.0
8 ... 5:55!— o.B] 12:56 4.9 5:35 2.9 11:35! 5.8
9 ... 6:24—0.6 1:29 5.1 6:20 2.8 |
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
arid the last or right hand column gives th?
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
I'n!ted States Coast Survey charts, ex.-ept
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number Riven In suhtrncted (mm
the depth Klven bjr the charts. The plane of
reference is the m»an of the lower low waters
STEAMERS To AKKIVE.
Steamer. j From. j Due.
Wellington Departure Bay July 3
Fulton Portland IJuly 3
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor July 3
Crescent City.. [Crescent City July 3
Corona 'San Diego IJuly 3
Empire ICoos Bay 'July 4
Aloha Point Arena July 4
areata Coos Bay July 4
Weeott 'Humboldt July 4
A. Blanchard...|Coos Bay July 4
Coptic China and Japan July 4
State California Portland July 4
Bonlta Newport luly 3
Pomona 'Humboldt 'July 6
Walla Walla™. I Victoria & Puget Sound «
Willamette [Seattle July 7
Santa Rosa San Diego July 7
North Fork Humboldt July 7
Point Arena [Point Arena July 7
San Bias (Panama July 7
Luella [Yaqulna Bay [July 8
San Juan Panama IJuly S
Columbia 'Portland July 9
Coos Bay Newport...^ 'July 9
Czarina I Puget Sound IJuly 9
America Slant. China and Japan IJuly 11
Umatilla ...'Victoria & Puget Sound I July 11
From.
STEAMKRS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
I 1 !
I Australia .'Honolulu [July 3. 2 Pier i
| Pt. Arena. Arena.. July 3. 2 pmlPler 2
Coos .' Vewo rt ..... I.Tulv 3. " nmlPler 11
! Pomona 'Humboldt 'July 3. 2 r"i»r o
|G ..'Portland July 3. C pmlPler 13
; Weeott Humboldt.. July 5, 2 Pier 13
j Corona San Diego IJuly 5. 11 am Tier 11
City PueblalVlc A Pgt Sd July 5. 10 amlPier 9
; A Blanch'd Coos Bay IJuly 5. 5 Pier 13
N Mam .. . !'~hina*-.Tananl.Tiily 5. (5 pm'PMSS
! Coqullle R... (Grays Harbor July 6. 2 pm pier 28
• City of Rio. China* Japan July G. l PMSS
Fulton ....'Oregon Ports. I July K. 11 nm'Pier 21
Areata 'Coos Bay July R. 10 am Pier 13
Curacao ...[Mexico 'July 7. 10 am I Pier 11
Bonita 'Newnort '.Tnlv 7. » am'P'er 11
State of Call Portland IJuly 7. 10 am Pier 21
Acapulco ..[Panama July S. 12 mi PMSS
Santa Rosa lSan Diego IJuly 9. 11 ami Pier 11
Walla W...|Vlc & Pgt SdUuly 10. 10 ami Pier 9
; Czarina .... IPuget Sound. [July 11 I
I Columbia .. Portland IJuly 12. 10 ami Pie- 24
j Mariposa ..Sydney I.Tuly 12. 2 Tier 7
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. !
Sunday. July 2.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 16 hours from
Little River.
Htmr Conuille River, Thompson, 3V& days from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr San Pedro, Znddart. 3H days from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. 19 hours from Rockport.
Stmr Ruth. Strand, 4:: hours from San Pedro.
Strnr Gipsy. Iceland, 24 hours from Moss
Lamiinz.
Bktn Che-halls, Slmonsen, 50 hours from Coos
Bay,
.Schr Monterey, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Bchr Laura Pike, Johnson, 44 hours from Eu
reka. SAILED.
SAILED.
Sunday, July 2.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr We»tDort, Peterson. .
Stmr Columbia. Green. Astoria.
Stmr Jennie, Mason, St Michael.
Stmr Sunol. Liehic. Grays Harbor.
Bark Edward May. Hansen, Hilo.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. Boweni Landing-
Schr Glen, Neilsen. Grays Harbor.
Scbr Archie and Fontie. Johannsen. .
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman. Iversens Land
inS ' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT liOBOS, July 2. 10 p m— "Weather
thick; wind S\V; velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC }'"kts.
FISH ROCK— Arrived July I— Schr .T Eppin
ger. hence June S».
ASTORIA— SaiIed July 1— Nor stmr Aker, for
China; stmr Signal, for San Francisco; ship
Glenesslin, for Qtl«en»town. .Inly 2— Stmr State
of California, for San Francisco; Hr bark Gun
ford, for Queenstown; schr Jas A Garn>ld, for
San Francisco.
Arrived July 2- Br stmr Lennox, from Yoko
hama; BT bark Dunreggan, from Yokohama.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed July 2— Stmr Alcatraz,
for San Diego.
SEATTLE— Arrived July Stmr Czarina,
hence June 27.
Sailed July 2— Stmr Farallon. for Dyea.
PORT LUDLOW— July 2— Bktn Ska
git, from Honolulu.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July Stmr Xoyo.
hence July 1. <
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. ; '
NEW YORK— Arrived July 2— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from Havre.
HAVRE— Arrived July 2— Stmr La Bretagne,
from New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed July 2— Stmr Furnesla,
from Glasgow, for New York
" OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
i•^ Steamers leave Broadway
i ii&k_«_ wharf. San Francisco:
1 iHjSWfc^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.. .
' WBfjfc^ July S. 10, 15, 20, 25. 30. August ,
' ttiv MIaSR 4, change nt Seattle.
1 iSK^SKjSIi For Victoria, Vancouver (B
EBs&uSrSwfM C) - Port Townsend. Seattle.
' r^ H^i^ssfA\ Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatconi (Wash.).
10 a. m. July 5. 10. 15. 20. 2>,
30 August 4. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company steamers
; for Alaska and G. N. lty . at Tacoma to N. P.
I Ky. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. , , ,
1 For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2p. m.. July 3.
: S. 13. 18. 23. 2S. August 2, and every fifth day
thereafter. i, _.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. .
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
! Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme '
1 Pan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
i Newport 8 a. m.. July 3. 7. 11. l. v 19. 23. 27, 31.
i August 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Mar-
i ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port j
. Los Aneeles and Rednndo (Los Angeles). 11 a. '
! m., July 1. 5, 9. IS. 17. 21. 26. 29, August- 2. j
i and «-very fourth day thereafter. "■?■'_ *-*~
1 For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del |
! Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia ,
end Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
. month.
! For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing-
TICKET oiKK X —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Agts..
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO. j
STEAMER UMATILLA,
I Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
can Trading and Transportation Company's ,
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS. GOLO-
VIN BAY CAPE NOME and all points on the
YUKON RIVER.
Through rates quoted, through tickets sold,
through bills of lading given.
TICKET OFFICE. 4 .New Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents. i
10 Market St.. San Francisco. j
THE 0. B. & N. CO,
Df! ! PAT< F*<-"T HTRAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Jlort 1 ! i
FnilE SS Second Cias* mid -Meal*. I
Columbia rails June 22: July 2. 12, 22.
State of California sails June 17, 27; Jnly ?.
17, 27. I
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
! Helena and all points In the Northwest ; .
j Through tickets to nil points East.
B. C. WARD. Genera! Agent.
«30 Market street. . .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York F.ve.-v Wednesday. 10 a. m ;
New York July IZJSt Louis August 9|
St. Paul July If I St. Paul August 16 '
New York ..August 21 New York ..August 23 |
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Frrm New York Ev«"-y Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland July V.s Pouthwark ...August 2
Friesland July 19' Wepternland Aug. 9
Adrla July 26; Kensington Aug. IS
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City. J
For full Information regarding freight and pas- \
sage apply to '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.|!
! STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
*.t ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m for j
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at '
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for : '
! India, etc. No cargo received on board on day (
! of sailing.
| NIPPON' MART' Wednesday, July 5
AMERICA MART' Saturday. July 22 . £
I HONGKONG MART' Thursday. August 17 i
Rotind-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
ANCHOR LIINE L
United States Mail Steamshlos
Sail from New York Ev:ry Saturday f o *
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Pasßnoe. ,«5O nnd upward,
Second Cabin
City of Rome. #:5.V Other Steamers, «-30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. $25. ."«(>. Furnessia. $24.50. Other
strs.. *2::.-o.
For Book of Tours and Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green. New York.
Or J. F. FTTOA7JT. 5 Montgomery St..
Or L F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St..
Or R. R- RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery st..
SAN FRANCISCO.
fmtmm The S. B. Australia
jIISHIC rails for Honolulu
• g^M"««'i* Monday, July 3. at 2
f>.^y — T^N 6. S. Martposa sails
v Stp2rrsCh|nJ via Honolulu and
Ci/iCfllllJlllU^ Auckland for Sydney
(cK\?i?(Qtt-~ Wednesday. July 12.
f - s _^ VJJlllfJUlti} nt !Q r. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii. ;
FRmoa New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez. |
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I 1 D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montaomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight (Wee. 327 Market St. ,
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQU3.
j DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. Cj£>»
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a m.
from Pier 42, North River, foot of -«•■--—--
Morton st La champagne. July 8: la
VORMANPIE : July 15: LA BRETAGNE. July
I 22 LA GASCOGXE. July 29: LA TOURAINE,
August 6. First-class to Havre. 166 and up-
ward 6 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec- ;
GA.ZI * CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgom- i
cry nve.. San Francisco. i
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON excursions.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at i a. m. |
! dally returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
i daily' (Saturday excepted). Regular steamer*
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m. ,
i ,l, c:alifo,^ ) ay. and imp. Co.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. .
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and SM. cl »:l*.
a. m 8-15 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); I rl- I
days."l p. 'm. and 8.30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. ?
r> m Landing nnd office. Mission street Dock.
pier No. 2. Telephone Main IiOS. I
FARE Me- j
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route |
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED ;
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND. MOLli
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKd i
MARKET-STIirTET KERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN [
1 EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT j
\ REGULAR HOURS AND REASUNAULK i
I RATES.
NO OTHER LrNE OFFERS SO MANY IN- \
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
S\N FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. C2S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street. ;:,: :
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street. \
I I
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. 1
Leave San Francisco, v)u .-.«.... i... . >•«:•••.>,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1539.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
, Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur- :
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and i:45. 2:30
and 4 •>. m.
T"iv 4fh T"rnir!= Will Run on Sunday Time. :
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
rrtjrvfi crww «. cr\yJ * ■»♦« . £21 Uarl/ot ••_
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOITTIIKKN .|-A*:l*'lt: COMPANY.
(PACirm my.stkm.)
Train* !«•«» f »■■•! nro duff In nirlvr m*
-man ntAN«:is<o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
leavh — From June 25. 1899. — ariuv»
7:O0a. r.fr.icia, Suiauu and Sacramento. . . . 5:45p
7>OUa MaryEYillo, Orotilleaml Ucdding via
Woodland ft***! 1
7:00 a Clir.fra, Vacaville and Runisey Hzt'tif
~»a«»A Martinez, S.iu lUm«B.ValtaJo, Napa, -
Calistog.i anil Santa Kosa O:i:>r
8:OOa Atlantic i;iprcK3.«)gdou »ud Hast.. O:l.l»
■i»Oa Kail .loso. L.iTermoro, Stockton.
lone Sacramento, riactrviili!,
Mnry»Tlll«. Chtco, itiulT •«»•»
»:»Oa "Milton, Oakdale ami sonora J:l.lp
8:U0a Yostmito Valley »i» Oak<lalo and
Ohiaeso 4:15?
9:OOa llsywardß. Nile« and Way Stations. •1 : I>>*
OxUUa. Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.
Mercctlrn'l Fresno 12:lSp
OiOOa Fresno. liakerslicM. .Santa ll»rl»ua,
Los Arches. Dcming. El P<i3O.
New Orleans end East B:4nr
I <i:O(» Vallcjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:15r
1 1 :«»O v Haywarda. Nilca and Way Stations. «i 13f
U':UOm XUcs, Livorirore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hauford. Vi3alia.
I'crtcrvillo «!•»
•l:OOp Hacramcntu Hirer StOiinters "S:liop
8:OOp Haywurds, Nile* and Way Stations. »:45r
•«:<m»f Martini. Sail lttmiou, Vallejo,
Nnpa, (,'iillntox.i. Siintii lto»:i Oiia*
4:«»r Bcnicia, VaCATillo, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Lauding.
MaryaTllle, Oro»illo IO:4.1»
4 :3'»pNllc3, San Jose and Stockton T:l.lp
4:30p Yo3emlto Sleeping Car for Raymond i:t:l3r
s:OOpThe O\H. Tracy. Fresno. Bakers-
field, Saugua for Santa Barbara.
Lcs Angeles 0:4.1*.
5:SOp Stockton, Mcrcetl, Fresno 12:13r
.. StSOp Martinez, Tracy, Meudota, Fresno,
Mojave and I. us Angeles •iil.'j*.
Ai3Or Santa Fo Itouto, Atlantic F.xpre«s
for Mojave ami Baal <J:l»r .
•■•Or Chicago-San FranclscoSpecial,Ogileii
and l!^Bt 8i4.1f
6:OOp Hayrrards, Nik's and San Joso 7:13 a,
•OjHOr Vallejo ia:l3p
7iO<»i- Oregon K*i>r«iia,H»cttimeut.i\ Marys-
villo, Iledillng, l'ortliiinl. Pnget
Sdiindaml East 7i45*
t8:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Kta-
J tlons.! lio^op
COAST DIVISION (Nnrioii (lauße).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations tS:O.1»
8:13 a Newark. Ccntcrtille.ban.lpBe. Felton.
Boulder Creek.SantaOruz and Way
Stations S:f»«r
•2:1 3p Newark. CenterTillo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder (,'reek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «IO:5O»
4:15p San Joso. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20*
64: 15p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tioU3 /0:2OA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from Sit! FR4SCISC0 — Foot or Hirket Street (S!i|> 8)—
•7:15 . 0:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:03 t3:09
•1:00 15:00 •6:oQr.u.
framOAKLAilD— Foot or Bro»dw»jr.—-fi:OO 8:00 10:00 a.m.
$13:00 »l:00 t2:00 «3:00 ti:QO "5:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Uroail 4...-.IT.- .
(Third mid Toy. naciid St".)
•OtlOA Ocean View, Houth Man Francisco.. »«:3Op
•7sOOa San Jose ami Way RtaUitM (New
Aliuadin Wednesdays only) «8:OOa.
(7:30 a Sunday Ficursion for Santa Cruz,
Pneific Grove and Principal Way
Stations I»^33F
0:00* Sail .losu, Trua PIiMM, Hnuta Crnz,
racilic Orove. Paso KciMes. San -
Luis Oliißpo, Surf, Ijompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4:lOp
1O:4Oa San Jiweitinl Way KtiLiiins «:!t34
ll::t«A San .lose mid Way Stations IiIJOp
•a;43v San MatPo. Hrdwoo*!, Menlo Park,
P;'.' > Alto. Santa Clara. Sun .I..pc,
>loliister, Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey ami Pact Its Grovo *1O:R8a
■H::t»p SanJiae. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way St.ju.i.iim »7:30p
•4:15p San JO3C ami Principal Way Stations »:43a
•3:00p San and Principal Way Stations *H:33a
»::t«i- Han.r(.3eiin<l Principal Way Stations # 9:(>Oa.
G::tOr San Joso and W»y Stations »:3Op
fll:ir>i- H.-in.l on .tn.l Way Sutions f? 'Me
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon
•Sunday excepfe«i. t Sunday only. tSatm.lny only.
b.Saturdity and Sucdai*. /Sunday and Monday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:si>
and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:*),
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schu*tzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave : Arrive
San Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco.
■ April 16, 1
Week Sun- 1»99. Sun- j Week
Days. days. ! Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm| 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm: 5:00 iim Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn\
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Ilealdsbunr,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn*
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am i Uklah. 7:35 pm ; 6:20 pm,
7:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 8:20 pra
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and I
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ; 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:23 am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservlll* for Skaega
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring.
Kelpeyville, Carlsbnd Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Bl;:e Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvtlle,
Boonevllle, Philo. Christine. Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Wcstport. Usal. Willitts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
Scctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point!
beyond Pan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices.' 650 Market St., Chronlcl" bldg.
11. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
I from san'Tkanciscu to"mill vallek
FKOM SA.N rKANCISCI) )O MILL VA^ti
AND SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK i^AVS-7:00. *S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m..
2i&TRA 4 TRIH^-For U * uf ValleY and Urn
rira^T on Mond« vs. Wednesdays. Saturdays
md Sundays, nt 00 and 11:3" p. Vfro- nm
a m ' rOC I '1:45. '2:30. -4:00. 5:.... 6:45 p. m.
11-OO am does not run to San Haf'l Sunday*.
6 30^ P -nT'does not ran to Mill Val'.v Sunday*.
l" m K^-30 D 1 Y .r. 6 3: 2 4 S O Z!\:in. I* *"
a nT- 12-30T 2:15. '3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
vvtr » TRIPS ■on Mondays. Wednesday*
end Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10: "p. m
. ? UNDAYS-7:00. «8:00. •9.:4 a. '10:45 •U:l|
a. in. . 1:00. 2:20. "3:30, *a:l5, '6:00. 7.00. ! - IS
P 'n I ?ains r"<"<ed <•» ""i to San Quentln.
VKOM M" '- VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WKEK DAYS-5M5. fi:so. 7:55. 8:55. 10:^
a in : 12:55. 2:43. 4:55. 5:20 p. m .
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
,r,i Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m. »
"• SUNDAYS— S:OO. 1000. 11:10 a. m. 12:0j.
l-ltt 40 3 : » 5 - Stub; <:»». 10:W p - m.
*•*»• *•■• • THROUGH TKAINS.
', ] 06 a. I.i week <'aza<l".o arm ny sta'ri.
•20 P- ni. s»lur''u.v»- Caradero and way sta n«.
6-15 P- m- week days (Saturdays rxceptedj —
Point Reyes and way stations.
8-00 n m. Sundays— i ■■ ><\pro and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Keyes and way s'.i'ru.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIii
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
■ From Jan. 2&, 1899. trains -will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- • Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger, i Sunday Stations. Sunday *?er.
I Daily. Exc'ptd . Exc'ptd t Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pmi 6:00 pm
! 9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
I 10:40 am 5:33 pm Fresno JO am 2:42 pin
| ll:3Sarn 7:15 pm Hanford 7:43 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:GO am 11:00 am
11:59 am: 6:23 pmj Visalla 6:40 ami 1:21 pm
12:15 pm e:sSpm| Tulare 5:50 am l:0.-> pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
street, San Francisco.
|
/^*%, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fif+t.&tt&U aHi* HEARST* ST. Kstao'llsned
üBTI SrraSa ln JSS4 for the treatment ot !>rlvaw
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
02OKEABSVKT Established
In 1854 for the trr-atment Oj I'rivatO
Disoaaes, Lost Manhood UebUH.T or
j^it^iM?^ disctv.se wearing on body nnd mind ana
*SUK§w4£« Skin Diseases. I'iie doctor cures when
others fall. Try him v'luirge? ij'.v
T^lSaSisSSsta 4't»re«3rM{»rniit«'«-«l. Call orn:rit4\
I lir. J. If. Mlii llU Box 1337,S&Uifranciaca
78
The Eve of the Glorious Fourth
THE glorious Fourth will arrive to- j
morrow on schedule time. Its ap- |
proach has been marked for weeks |
by the detonation of the torpedo
" and the crack of the redhead at the
hands of the small boy. Ita brief stay
will be the signal for a continuous fusillade
of explosives and a pyrotechnic display
that will pale the stars. Behind it. out of
the noisest twenty-four hours in the year,
will emerge some small boys, powder- ,
burned and minus some useful parts of
themselves, but filled with that youthful
patriotism that, refusing to be surfeited j
In any one day, will insist on bursting !
tl eir last torpedo, firing their ultimate
cracker and setting off their final sky
rockei before they consider the Fourth |
properly ended.
The city has been putting: on its best
nfrs to grace the nation's birthday, ajid
the result is simply beautiful. Gay bunt-
Ing and starry flags fly across the streets
and from many buildings; the ships in
the harbor are decked with all the colors |
!r. their lockers; stores, banks, markets
and hotels are gay with the fluttering^ of
t he red, white and blue, the whole mak- j
ing the most comprehensive, spontaneous I
n ever seen in Pan Francisco.
Although yesterday was the 2d of July,
and a Sunday, and to-day is the 3d. any
person unfamiliar with the dates and
dropping in on the carnival of commingled
md color would be sure to think j
I Btruck the national natal day.
The air yesterday was stirred by con
stant detonations, and last night the
patriots, too impatient t.> await the com
ing of the Fourth, sent up their fire
works and shouted themselves hoarse.
To-day and to-night there will be more
of it, and then to-morrow there will be
a real glorious Fourth.
holiday this year practically begins j
with to-daj and will hardly end until
Wednesday night. Many stores will
sed at noon and other places of
business will not open their doors at all.
Hundreds upon hundreds of people, pa
triotic in all but their ability to stand the I
noisi of the Fourth, will start to-day for i
the country to remain until the last
cracker has been cracked. Many sports
men ainl athletes will take advantage of
■ larged holiday to whip th>- streams
for fish, to watch mirk dogs chase agile
rabbits for holiday prizes, or go over to
San Rafael, where the golfers and the
tennis cracks are holding th--ir annual
tournam< i
Several large excursions an scheduled
for 1 : thousands of people will
take advantage of the low rates off< red by
railroad and steamship companies !•> got
a breath of country air and drink in the
of any number of
■ • i irators.
It Is only the "d of July, but in no i
other city in the country can they hold ai
candl< n a Roman candle— to it
on the Fourth..
PARADE ON THE FOURTH.
Line of March Determined for
the Big Holiday Procession.
st Fourth of July parade In
th.- history of San Francisco will begin
tn move to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock j
sharp. In th<- procession will march 2000 !
of Uncle Pains regular army, infantry, j
artillery and cavalry: a large number ol |
volunteers returned from the Philippines,
the boys of the First Regiment League
of the Cross Cadets, Native Sons, Grand ;
Army veterans, Exempt Firemen and
members of other organizations too
numerous to mention. There will also be
in the lonp line, though not on foot,
wounded veterans of the Filipino war,
who will i ass in carriages.
The line of march will be from the ferry :
up Market street to Montgomery street, to
Montgomery avenue, to Kearny, to Mar
ket, to Van Ness, to Sacramento, counter
marching ■']■ Van Ness. The reviewing '
stand will be at Post street and Van Ness
avenu< . where the parade will be re
viewed by Major General Shafter.
One "i" the main features of the proces
sion will be the Native Sons' division. It
- imated that there will be no less
than a thousand and perhaps twice that
many In line. San Francisco Parlor No.
■)!' will be preceded by Its drum corps and
a turnout of 150 men.
■ ■ Parlor is also making elal
preparations, and through the efforts of i
THE MIRA MONTES
AGAIN VICTORIOUS
The National Game as Played by the Aristocrats of Ross Valley.
YESTERDAY morning the guests
f the Mira Monte Hotel up at
Kos? Valley played the guests of
the Mount View Hotel a return
■*- baseball game and defeated them
by a score of 24 to 23 and an inning to
spare at that.
The feature of the game was Umpire
Phil Fay's immaculate white summer
suit and the poor showing of Ahem,
the greatly touted pitcher. The Mount
View team had bragged for a week
how they would put It all over their
opponents when they met again yes
terday, and with a pitcher who played
in league games they thought they
w<t<' a one to two shot. There was a
masquerade up at Mount View Satur
day night, and it is presumed that
wturi Ahem is asked for an explana
tion of his reversal of form he will <x
. ;■-■ himself by saying that ho drank
too much of the red lemonade that
Amhy Buckley was so hospitably
handing round during the evening.
adies were down to the baseball
grounds as per programme as much
as oae hour before the game began.
Dr. Leland has secured the services of
the Hamilton evening school hand of
twenty-live boys ranging from twelve to
eighteen years. Several of the parlors
1 have procured pet bears as features for
their divisions. All the parlors will as
semble to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock at
Native Sons' Hall.
Colonel Freeman, commanding at the
Presidio, received orders from Depart
ment Headquarters yesterday afternoon
instructing him as to what commands
will be in the parade. Roughly estimated
there will be at least 2WX) soldiers from
the Presidio in line. Colonel Freeman
will he in command. The troops that
will parade are Companies A. X and F
of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, Batteries
E. I and o of the Third Heavy Artillery,
Battery C of the Third Light Artillery
and Troops D and II of the Fourth
Cavalry.
Colonel Freeman has been instructed
to have these troops at Market street at
9:45 o'clock to-morrow morning. They
will be formed in a line facing the south
with their right resting on the corner of
Battery and Market streets, and if
sary the remainder will form on
East street. As soon as the troops are
in position Colonel Freeman will report to
the (irand Marshal. In addition to these
troops there will also be in line a bat
talion of the recruits. The band of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry will head the
regulare.
A. O. H. PICINIC.
A Big Celebration Is Promised
at Schuetzen Park.
The Ancient Order of Hibernians will
celebrate the Fourth of July with a grand
reunion and picnic at Schuetzen Park, San
Rafael. The work of the committees has
been perfected and a grand celebration
Is - .\;>ected.
The enthusiasm displayed has been.
greateT than ever. The twenty divisions
of the order in San Francisco held a
meeting yesterday at A. O. H. IIa!l to
make final arrangements. Invitations had
been extended to the clergy to be pr
and letters of acceptance were received
from many of them. Rev. 1). O. Crowley re
ported that the clergy of the diocese were
proud of the work of the A. O. H. and it
might always count on them for support.
R. X. Ryan, passenger agent of the Cal
ifornia Northwestern Railroad, also re
ported that a number of new cars had
just been received by the railroad and
that these would be placed at the dis
posal of the organization. One of the
Southern Pacific Company's boats has
i.»'<n chartered so as t<> accommodat* th"
extra crowd expected. P. J. McCorniick,
county president of A. O. 11.. reported
that the number of tickets Bold this year
far exceeds the sales of any previous year.
!).■ said there was considerable gooa-na
tured rivalry in the divisions, as to the
carrying off of prizes for the athletic
games. The division winning the tug-of
w ir is X"'"? to have a banquet In honor
of the event.
Eugene Harmon, for the commit!
games reported the number of prizes r -
ceived this year was greater man upon
any former occasion, and states that
every arrangement was complete and that
tlie track and grounds had been arranged
for the Celtic games which will be in
augurated.
Thomas R. Rannermann said that targe
delegations would attend from Sonoma,
PetaJuma, Vallejo, Oakland. Redwood
( 'ity and San Jose.
The literary exercises will take place at
l.'&i p. m. Franklin K. Lam-. City and
County Attorney, has been chosen orator
of the' day. A special stand and platform
have been erected for the literary exer
cises, so that dancing will begin on tlie.
arrival of the first train and continue un
interruptedly all day. Two large plat
forms have been erected for the jig and
reel dancing, and an Irish tiddler and
piper have been secured to turn out the
tunes of their native land. The boats will
at 9 and n a. in.. 12:35, 2 an<
]>. m. Round-trip tickets are 50 cents for
adults and 2.". rents for children.
A large number of gate prizes will be
presented, and a handsome souvenir pro
gramme is to be distributed.
Lawn Tennis Tournaments.
BOSTON, July 2.— The National Lawn
Tennis Association, through its secretary.
I. K. Presbery of this city, has announced
the dates of the annual tennis champion
ships. The double championship will bt
held In two sections, the first at Chi
July 10, the second at Longw 1 Julj 24.
No player may enter both tournaments.
The winners at Chicago will play th<- win
ners at Longwood at Newport, probably
on August 10. The winners of this match
will be called on to play Messrs. Sheldon
and Ware for the championship at Newp
ort. probably on August 16. The single
The fair sex of Mira Monte wore a
sort of, Tammie Shanter or "Hoot
Mon" hat made out of tissue paper
that certainly looked cool if it did not
suit everybody's complexion. The
ladies from Mount View were
decorated with red ribbons and smiles
of confidence.
The Mount Views were first to the
bat and scored five runs In the first
inning, but they became demoralized
at their successes and did not do any
pood work again until the last innings,
when they prevented the Mira Montes
from adding to their score.
A gentleman named Ahpel, who was
the proud possessor of the only base
ball suit in Ross Valley, played short
Stop for the Mount Views, and when
not* busy out In the field he was on
the line offering bad advice to his team
in regard to stealing bases, or trying
to intimidate the umpire.
Stanley Fay of Klondike fame
pitched a few Innings for the Mount
Views, and standing from a distance
a novice at the game would think that
be was going to throw a ton of coal
from his motions, but after he let a
few of the Mira Montes take their
base on balls he was allowed to Jour
ney out to right field, and, among
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI,, MONDAY, JULY 3, 1895*.
championship will be held at Newport on
Tuesday August 15, and following days.
Entries must be received by Dr. James
Dwight at the Casino, Newport, on or be
fore Thursday, August 10. The winner of
the tournament will be called on to play
M. D. Whitman for the championship.
BALTIMORE BEATS ST. LOUIS.
Cincinnati Takes a Double-Header
From Washington.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. Pet.
Brooklyn ....45 19 .703 Cincinnati ..31 30 .oOS
! Boston 40 23 .634 Pittsburg ...30 31 .491
! Chicago 38 24 .611 New Y0rk. ..30 33 .478
Philadelphia 37 24 .COO Louisville ...23 41 .868
1 Baltimore ...35 26 .574 Washington 18 47 .2.<
St. Louis 36 29 .554 Cleveland ...12 4S .200
! ST. LOUIS. July 2.— Mcßride's wildneM and
timely hitting were responsible for the Orioles'
victory to-day. McGlnety was in the box and
his twirling was a feature. It was a dull game.
i Attendance, 12,000. Score:
! Clubs— R. H. E.
St Louis 3 11 5
Baltimore 10 12 1
Batteries— Mcßride and 0"Connor: McOtnety
and Robinson. Umpires — Gaffney and Manassau.
CINCINNATI. July 2.— The Reds captured
i another double-header, making seven consecu
! tive victories. Luck was with them In the
j first game. With one out In the ninth and
Vaughn on second. Breltenstein singled, scor
i ing the winning run. The second game was
called In the seventh inning to allow Wash
■ ington to catch a train. Attendance, 7480. Score
of first game:
! Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 9 3
Washington 8 9 5
Batteries— Bn?itpn6tein and Peltz; Dineen and
Kittreilge. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
1 Score of second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 9 21
I Washington 12 2 1
Batteries— Hawley and Peltz; JlcFarland and ;
McGuir9. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
LOUISVILLE. July 2.— The Western League
team outplayed the Colonels to-day, winning
a slow and uninteresting: game. Attendance,
! 600. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Louisville 15 1
Indianapolis 5 8 1
Batteries — Brashear and Zlmmer; Kellum and
Hoyden.
CHICAGO. July 2— No game to-day on ac
! count of rain.
MINOR BASEBALL GAMES.
Fresno Team Taken Into Camp by
the Merced Aggregation.
MERCED, July 2— Tlie Fresno baseball team,
m-,-ompanie<l by a larpe crowd of admirers from
1 Ma<lera and Fresno, met defeat at the hands
lof the Merced team to-day. Monroe pitched
:\.ur innltißs for the visitors. The home team
h;<<i no difficulty In finding him, so Maul was
, put Into the bi x for the remainder of the game.
Quigley, formerly *hlnl baseman for the Owls
■ Oakland, made the star hit of the day, bat
ting Monroe for a home run. Score:
Clubo— R~ H. K.
Fresno 8 9 13
; Merced 11 11 4
Batteries -Monroe, Maul and S warts; J. Orub
and Harrell. Umpires — Furgeson and Kessell.
COLUSA, July 2.— A pame of baseball was
played her» to-day between the Hi>esomans of
Oakland niri the <".'lus:i team. The home team
won by a score of H to 1. The Oakland team
I suffered much from the beat, P-s th.> mercury
sti od at V~i6. Over 400 people witnessed the
, game.
FAN IjUIS OBISPO, July — Several thousand
people to-day witnessed an exleitlng same of
baseball between Pan Luis Obispo and Arroyo
Grande. The latter won by a score of 11 to 10.
Dick Goodchild pitched a great game for San
Luis Oblspo, striking out ten men. but had poor
port.
GR.IDI-.KY, July 2.— The ball game here to
day between the Sacramento Athletic Associa- j
tion and Gridley resulted in a victory for the
Capital City men. It was a hotly contested
game. Score: Athletics, 10; Gridley, S.
STOCKTON, July 2.— The Terminal City
■Wheelmen, notwithstanding some rank errors
to their discredit, hung another scalp on their
wigwam to-day. This time the White House
nine of San Francisco were their victims. The
following diagram tells the story:
T. C. W 1 3 0 0 2 0 0 0 •— «
Base hits, 9.
White House 1 10 3 0 0 0 0 o—6
Base hits, 6.
M irehinß and Hays were the home battery,
and Murphy and Ford were the visiting bat
tery.. Umpire— Chase.
SAN* BERNARDINO. July 2.— San Bernardino
defeated the Merchants -.- Los Angeles in a
tournament game to-day by a score of is to i. :
Tyler made a home run for the Merchants by
a long hit to center field. In the eighth inning
«an Bernardino pounded Moore's pitching un
mercifully, making two baggers repeately.
Score:
San Bernardino 0 0 2 2 0 2 0 7 • 13
Merchants 0 00000100—
VACAVIL.I«E, July 2. --The Vacaville baseball
team was up against the real thing to-day.
The Baker & tlamlitons of Sacramento defeat
ed the local nine by a score of 7 to 4.
BUISUN, July The first game -* baseball
In Suisun this season was played lay, be
tween the N'apas and Suisuns. The visitors
won by a score of 3 to 1. Ballesters and Cal
lnghan acter as umpires. The game was brisk
and exciting.
the mosquitoes and broken fences,
figure out whether What-er-Lou ought
to be good if he is shipped out here
this winter.
Watson played a good game, and
besides doing more than his share with
till- hat dropped on his knees and
looked heavenward every time a fly
ball came in his direction.
The game was brought to a close at
the end of the first half of the sixth
inning, and the players and their
young male friends who watched the
contest tapped three kegs of very hot
beer, and with the finish of the beer
rind with the strains of "Will Ye Quaff
"With Me. My I>ads." sung by a very
light haired youth who wanted to
make a hit with the. ladies even if he
could not play ball, the rival teams
separated. The Mount Views are go
ing to learn either golf or tiddle
winks and challenge their rivals at
the first opportunity.
The teams were composed of the
following young men:
Mira Montes— Johns. Stevens, Alien,
.Tack Bride, Jim Bride, Titus, Kelly,
Martin, Jackson.
Mount Views— Leach, Mehlert,
Ahpel, Ahem. Blake, I.andry, Watson,
Rosenberg, Fay.
BOLD WORK OF
BURGLARS AT
THE PRESIDIO
Capt. Wilder's Quar
ters Entered.
A ROLL OF BILLS STOLEN
FIVE CHECKS ALSO TAKEN ARE
FOUND IN THE KITCHEN.
The Police Were Notified of the Af
fair and Detectives Are En
gaged in Making a Thor
ough Investigation.
A burglary In the officers' quarters at
the Presidio is such a rare thing that
when It became known yesterday it
caused the greatest consternation and
surprise at the daring displayed by the
burglars.
The victim Is Captain W. E. Wilder of
the Fourth Cavalry, and he reported the
affair at police headquarters yesterday.
He Bald he retired about 11:30 o'clock
Saturday night, leaving a roll of bills
amounting to $230 and live checks for $150
on the mantel in his sitting room. About
6:30 o'clock yesterday morning he was |
disagreeably surprised when he arose to ;
find thaf the roll of bills and the checks!
had disappeared from the mantel. He :
made a careful search of the room, but j
could find no trace of them, but pursu- I
ing his investigations he found the live j
checks on the kitchen floor. The burglars
had discarded them, preferring to take
only the currency.
"All the doors and windows In my quar
ters." said the captain, "were unlocked as
usual, as no one suspected for a moment
that any one would dare to commit a
burglary in such a place as the Presidio,
but we were mistaken."
captain Bohen detailed Protective T.
B. Gibson on the case, and he went to the
Presidio and made a close investigation of
th.- premises. He was unable to get a
dew to the burglars, but it Is confi
dently expected that they will yet be
discovered.
There is a strong suspicion that the
burglars were familiar with the interior
nf the captain's quarters, and knew
that he had the money and where it was
k>'pt. They were also aware of th<> fact
that the windows and doors were un
locked. If the burglars are connected
with the army it was a simple thing t'»
enter the house without attracting BUSpli -
ion, but if done from the "outside" it was
a most daring piece of work and none but
experts ;it the business would have at
tempted it.
WRAPPED IN MYSTERY.
A Daring Thief Takes His Life
in His Hands.
Tho circumstances surrounding the rob
bery are enveloped In the deepest mys
tery. Neither the officers nor the detec
tives have a.n3 - clew as to the Identity of
the daring thief. Be the man who h«
may. he lacked neither nerve nor a per
fect knowledge of the house. He en
tered in the dead of night a room In
which were asleep two officers. Th>^
room was in perfect darkness, for the
blinds were drawn. There was ni carpet
upon the floor. The officers were sleep
ing upon cots and near at hand each had
laid his loaded revolver. This was not
all, for .the thief passed from the room
occupied by Captain Wilder and Lieu
tenant Frederick T. Arnold, through a
vacant room adjoining, into the room
occupied by Lieutenant George O. Cress,
rifled the pocketbook of the officer, and
then retraced his stops through the
vacant room, out into the kitchen, where
he stopped to leave the checks and Cap
tain Wikk-r's watch before departing.
Granting that the man was in his
stocking feet, there were a number of
articles about the rooms over which, un
less he were familiar with the place, he
might have stumbled in the dark. This
only adds to the mystery, for the officers
are light sleepers, and are not accus
tomed to lights after they retire, there
fore it is highly probable that if the
thief had one it would have awakened
These are not all of the mysterious cir
cumstances, considering the fact that
Captain Wilder says that he knows of no
one whom he can suspect. The captain
arrived at the Presidio on Friday. He
with the two lieutenants were assigned to
Quarters in one of the Queen Anne cot
tages just to the east of the Alameda, The
cottage faces upon the main roadway. On
the left and front is a high cedar hedge.
On the right are the quarters of Captain
6'Hara. while, in the rear the premises
slope down into the maze, from which
they are separated by a row of eucalyp
tus trees. Whoever committed the theft
took advantage of his knowledge of the
grounds surrounding the cottage, and be
sides must of a necessity have been inti
mately acquainted with the interior of the
house. The thief must also have known
that Captain Wilder had the money upon
his person, and by some means this per
son must have known exactly where th-*
officer placed the money when he retired.
Captain Wilder makes the following suc
cinct statement regarding the robbery:
"I retired shortly after 11 o'clock. In
the same room with me was Lieutenant
Arnold, while Lieutenant Cress was in an
adjoining room. When I retired I placed
$2'{'J in bills upon the right end of the man
tle. On top of them I put my revolver
and watch. I had about $600 In checks,
which were in the middle of the mantle,
and upon the left end was $5 in small
change. The bills were the troop fund,
which I had not deposited. I had been
very busy since arriving and had not
time to attend to depositing it. The doors
of the house were not locked, for it la
an unusual custom at a military post.
Lieutenant Cress had his pocketboock
upon a chair beside his cot. He only lost
a few dollars, while Lieutenant Arnold es
caped, for he placed his money and watch
under his pilliow. When I awoke in the
morning and looked for the money it was
gone. A soar-rh of the premises revealed
the fact that the thief had left the checks
and the watch in the kitchen. This
showed that he did not want to take any
thing by which he could be traced. The
small change upon the left end of the
mantle was also untouched.
"Whoever robbed me knew I had the
money, and what is more they knew i
where I placed it when 1 retired. There
is only one way in which I can ac
count for the." robbery. The thief
was hidden in the hedge and saw ,
us when we came into the house. Tbea
he crept up on the porch and by peeping
through the blinds saw me when I put the
money upon the mantel. When we arose
In the morning none of the doors were
opened nor were any of the windows up.
From the finding of the checks and my
watch in the kitchen I believe that the j
thief left the cottage by the rear door.
Once out of the house it was easy for
him to escape by the maze."
It is most probable that the thief en
tered by the front door. There is a fact
that tends to prove this. Just inside the
front door is a small hall with a door
opening from the left into the room where
the captain was sleeping. When the t 'fl
eers retired this door was closed, as far
as thej- can remember, whil^ the one lead
ing into the vacant room that separated
their mom from that Of Lieutenant Cross
was opened. In the morning the door
leading into the hallway was opened,
while the one leading into the vacant
room was closed. If he entered at the
front of the house the thief necessarily
must have passed entirely through the
house. To do this he must have be<;n
familiar with it. for he must have known
that none of the doors were looked. Fur
ther, he must have seen Captain Wilder
place the money upon the mantel, for it is I
not at all probable that he used a light.
Again, he took only the bills, not running
any risk of making a noise by gathering I
up the silver.
Detective Gibson declares that the rob
bery was committed by the sleekest of
professionals, and if this be the case, then
the thief must have had an Intimate
knowledge of Captain Wilder's affairs.
The mystery hinges upon the fact as to
who was the person that possessed all the
necessary information required to commit
the robbery. From the diagram will be
seen the probable entrance and exit of the
thief, and also the ciangpr that he ran of
awakening the sleeping officers. One fact
is certain, and that is that the thief knew
positively that Captain Wilder had the
money upon his person when he entered
the house for the nipht. The officer knew I
of no one who had any knowledge of his
having this money upon his person, as he
had made no display of It. Lieutenant
Cress was fortunate in losing only a small
amount, but the fact that the thief on
tered his room and went over to his cot.
which was in a far corner, only goo? to |
prove that the man has plenty of nerve.
Columbia Marksmen.
The regular meeting: of the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club was held yesterday
at the Harbor View range. The at
tendance was larger than usual and near
ly a dozen ladles accompanied the shoot
ers to witness the sport. Several par-
I ticipated, and for beginners their first
efforts were satisfactory. From early In
the morning until late in the day the
markers and scorers on the one rifle and
two pistol ranges were kept busy. The
new targeting system introduced by F.
O. Young worked satisfactorily and was
well appreciated, because it permits of
shooting so much faster than by the older
systems. The best scores of the day were
as follows, ten-shot scores Columbian
target:
Rifle. 200 yards, class medals experts— F. O.
Young, 77. Sharpshooters <; M. Barley. 86;
M. .1. White. 17S. Markpment— G. Mannel.
73: Mrs. M. J. Whit.' 130; Mrs. G. Mannel.
136; P. Becker, 169; Dr. J. F. Twist. 29.
Re-entry, Glindemann all-comers medal — F.
O. Young, 72. 77: G. Mannel, S2. 91. 94, 96. 99;
G. M. Barley, 102; F. L. Pape. 151. 153 Re
peating rllle, Creedmoor count — P. Becker, 41.
36.
Pistol, fifty yards, class medal, experts M.
J. White, 50; G. M. Barley, 58; C. M. Dalsa.
55; F. O. Young. 88. Sharpshooters— J. P. Cos
grave, 59. Marksmen Mrs. <;. Mannel, <•»>: Dr.
J. F. Twist, 113; Paul Becker. US.
Re-entry. Slebe pistol medal— C. M. Daiss,
42. 53; T. Jones, 120.
Lewis revolver trophy— M. .1. White. 71: T.
Jones. 130. Small rifle— Mrs. C. F. Waltham.
37, 42; T. Jones, 75 Record scores, pistol
P. Cosgrave. 42. 60, 80: G. Hoadley. 61- C. M.
Palss 68 60, 43; P. Becker. 70. 78, 74. F. O.
Young, 70, 62; G. M. Barley. 54: M. J. White,
62; F. Hassmann, 125: G. Mannel, VS. Re
volver—l. Becker, S3, 110. 67; F. O. Young. 72:
M J. White. 85: T. Jones. 139. Small rifle—
<; Hoadley. 49, 48. 3. , 32; G. Mannei, 31. 29, 37,
36; F. Hasmann, 49; Dr. J. F. Twist, 44.
Novelist Cherbuliez Dead.
PARIS. July 2.— Charles Victor Cherba
li.z. novelist, literary art critic and mem
ber of the French Aoademy, died yester
day In his seventieth year.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery, No. 16. „_•s•._
K. T.. Golden Gate Building, 625 Sut- ""ESs 1
ter St.— Stated assembly THIS EVEN- fFTj
j.N'G at 8 o'clock. All fraters are ml
courteously invited. >* •
J. C. CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter-No. 1. Royal _^k_
Arch Masons-, meet THIS EVENING. lTjf
Business only. /▼'
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M.. m~~
will meet THIS (MONDAY) KVKN- Jl
ING, July 3, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M lZjt
degree. By order of the H. P. /▼>
FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M. THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at _IV_
,S o'clock, stated meeting. By "rderTFZJT
of the W. M. /▼>
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. m~~
M. — Stated meeting THIS DAY_^k
(MONDAY), July 3. 1599. at 8 o'clockVV
p. m. By order of the W. M. /Vn
S. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
THE officers and members of South San m
Francisco Lodge No. 212. F. and A. _^\_
M , are hereby notified to attend 'he^^Jf
funeral of Brother JOHN JACOB/V'
SWITZ'ER, last a member of Naval Ix>dge
No. 87, F. and A. M.. at Vallejo. Cal.. THIS
DAY (MONDAY), July 3. at 1 o'clock p. m..
from the lodge room, corner of Fourteenth
and Railroad avenues. By order of the Mas-
ter. E. C. HARE, Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. -. -,u7r~
F. — The officers and the funeral e y>*BiF!vC
committee of the above named ?sg<*K~?F
lodge are hereby notified to as- '7ir\-^
semble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market
and Seventh sts.. on MONDAY, July 3, at 1
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late brother. JOHN GECK-
LKK. By order CHAS. QUAST.
Financial Secretary.
THE regular monthly *T(irj!E3BJj3Gtr3fc w
m<?cVinx of the Society
of California Pioneers fWWwUM4®£\fk
will be held nt Pioneer
at 8 o'clock. J. M.
Hutchings Esq. will address the members. A
full attendance is requested.
J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
A. O. H. DIVISION No. 2— The regu-^»^-*>
lar monthly meeting of this division \*Va\li
will be held at Hibernla Hall, 120 W(J
Ninth St., on MONDAY, July 3. atgc\*«
7:30 p. m. Quarterly meeting; fines ir^Ci
for non-attendance. Visiting members always
welcome. BARTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Recording Secretary.
ANCIENT Order Hibernians, atten- &^<sp&.
tion— Presidents are hereby notified to^jv\W
call out their divisions for the an- %' \'jf
nual picnic and excursion at Schuet-j^wJSi
zen Park, San Rafael, TUESDAY. r *-l§3 ?
July 4, 1599. Games of all descriptions; danc-
ing in the pavilion all day; Irish Jig and reel
dancing; patriotic exercises: oration by Hon.
Franklin K. Lane; tickets. 50c adults, 25c chil-
dren. Including admission to the park; boats
leave at 9 and 11 a. m.. 12:3.1. 2 and 3:30 p. m.
P. J. McCORMICK. county President.
SHELL Mound Park, Berkeley, v As.
TUESDAY, July 4. 1599, seven- 3. Ckou
teenth grand annual gathering and
games of the San Francisco Scot-
tish Thistle Club. A gala day of Scottish
and other sports; introduction of new feat-
urea; monster attraction; greatest event of
the season; $3000 in cash prizes; elegant and
costly medals for amateur events; games open
to all comers; phenomenal exhibition of
strength by leading athletes of the world,
groat mile race and vaulting contest by mem-
bers of the P. A. A. of the A. A. U. of U.
S. ; exciting bicycles races for men; foot
races for men. women and children; pic-
turesque exhibitions of English. Irish and
Scotch dancing; amusing obstruction, three-
legged and sack races; great cake walk con-
test: dancing in both pavilions day and night;
music by Bennett's band: corps of Highland
pipers, and Professor McCarthy, the dis-
tinguished Irish piper; patriotic display of
fireworks at night; parties In Highland cos-
tume. United States soldiers and sailors ad-
mitted free. Admission— Day. adults 50 cents;
children 25 cents. Night, adults 25 cents:
children 10 cents. Buy your tickets for Shell
Mound. JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
321 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.. on
TUESDAY, the ISth clay of July, 1899, at the
hour of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing.
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES!
100 AMERICANS wanted to form the nucleus
of a society for the preservation of American
Individuality and manhood. If you don't
want your city controlled by organized brig-
ands address box 4526. Call office.
PILES— PETER FRIELIXG'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
Itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 162S De%-isadero St., near Sutter.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby give notice that they have iirl-
| mitted Into the orphanage from January 1, 1599,
to June 30, 1899. the following named orphans
and half-orphans, boys and girls: Morris
Harris. 9 yrs. 7 mos.: Cecile Daniels. 12 yrs. 2
m 06 .: Sarah Lowenstein, 9 yrs. 9 mos.; Bessie
Silverman. 8 yrs. 7 mos.: Elkan Gross, 5 yrt.
6 mos.: Berthold Rankln. 11 yrs. 11 n.os.; ,
Nellie Baekel, 11 yrs. 9 mos.; Sarah Blalne,
10 yrs. 6 mos. ; Bertha Wolff. 11 yrs. 8 m«. :
. Alexander Meyer, 11 yrs. 7 mos.: Benjamin
Harris, 11 yrs. 10 mos. : Joseph Lowenstein, 5 i
yrs. 7 mos.; Fannie Silverman, 6 yrs. 8 mos.:
Bleg. Gross. 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Richard Sittig. 6 I
yrs. 4 mos. ; Philip Baekel. 6 yrs. 2 mos. ; An- !
nic Blame. 8 yrs. 9 mos.; Milton Wolff, 10
yrs. 4 mos.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum, from January 1. 1898, to July
1. ISM: Anton,- .Nicholas, age 3 yrs.: Joseph
• Baraco. age 4 yrs.: .Tosie Truman, age 4 yrs.;
j Annie Truman, age 3 yrs. ; Nellie Shakespeare,
age 5 yrs. ; Maggie Shakespeare, age » yrs.
I BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; I
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION I
■ CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520. 1
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 5 of the )
Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company will be ,
payable at the office of the company. 327
Market st., on and after MONDAY, July 10,
1809. Transfer books will close on MONDAY,
July S. 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
i DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank j
of San Francisco. 33 Post St.— For the half j
year ending June 30. 1599, a dividend has ,
been declared at the rate of 3 and six-tenths
(3.6) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and -after Saturday.
July 1. 1899. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— German Savings
and Loan Society. 626 California st. — For th«
half year ending June 30. 1899. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of four (4) per
cent per annum on term deposits and three I
and one-third (S 1-3) per cent per annum on -
ordinary deposits. free of taxes, payable a
and after Saturday July 1. 1899.
GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
I DIVIDEND NOTICE— San Francisco Savings
Union. 832 California St., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 3C... of June.
1899, a dividend has been declared" at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent c: term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday. July 1. 1599.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery St., Mills building— For th; half
year ending June 30, 1899, dividends on term
deposits at the rate of three and slx-tpnths ,
(3 6-10) per cent per annum and on ordinary I
deposits at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1, 1899.
S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society, cor. Market. McAllister and Jones i
Fts.. San Francisco. June 23, IS99— At a !
1 regular meeting of the Board of Directors of |
this society, held THIS DAY, a dividend I
has been declared at the rate of three and
one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on all
deposits for the six months ending June 30.
1899. free from all taxes, and payable on and
, after July 1. 1599.
ROBERT J. TOBIX, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Savings and Loan So-
ciety, 10] Montgomery St.. corner of Sutter.
The board of directors declared a dividend
for the half year ending June SO, 1899, at the
rate of three and eighty-four one hundredth"
(3.54) per cent per annum on term deposits
and three and twenty hundredths (3.20) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Saturday.
July L 1899. Dividends not called for arc
added to and bear the same rate of divi- j
dend as the principal from and after July 1,
1f99. CYRUS W. CARMAXY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Continental Building
and Loan Association of California, 222 San- i
pome St.. has declared for the six months !
ending June SO, 1599, a dividend of 6 per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits. 7 per
cent on one-year term deposits, 10 per cent 1
to class "F" stock, and 14 per cent to class
"A" stock. WM. CORBIN, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, IS
Geary «t.— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July I. 1R99.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42f« Pnwoll. nr. Suffer: tei Hlnrk 1321.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
2 SCANDINAVIAN, 1 German, 1 French cook
and a number of nice servants wish places
for work, all with best of references. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child desires situation, city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under-
stands German and French cooking; best ref.;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
NEAT second girl desires situation: good ref-
erences. Miss CULLEX. 325 Butter st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
first-class laundress; make herself generally
useful: best references given. Call at 120
Wlldey st., near Bteiner, bet. Hush ami Pine.
NEAT woman Wishes a place to assist In
housework or upstairs work; more for good
home with nice people than wages. 946 Harri-
rison st.
GERMAN woman wants to wash, iron and
clean house by the day. 65 Tehama St., bet.
First and Second.
YOUXG girl would like a position to assist in |
housework. 513 McAllister st.
GERMAN man wants a place in lunch
house. Call or address 79' - Clementina st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day,
washing or housecleaning. Call at 711 Minna.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a place to do
general housework. Address 1103 Powell st.
NEAT German girl desires situation; house-
work or as nursegirl; reference. MISS CUL-
LEX, 325 Sutter st.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly competent
person to do cooking or housework, Call 1433
Mission St.. near Eleventh.
REFINED young French lady wishes situation
in a nice American family, teaching children
or light chamber work; good home preferred |
than big wages. Box 4932, Call office.
REFINED North German girl wishes situation
as seamstress in private family; good ref. I
given; no objection to country. Please call or
address cor. Mason and Vallejo.
WOMAN wishes work; good cook. 10558 How-
ard st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
ing, washing or ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414". O'Farrell St.: tel. East 424
TO boss bakers— Situation wanted by foreman
on bread and cake. Address Box 4922, Call.
YOUNG man wants work: can handle horses, j
milk and do general work. A., Box 4921. Call.
POSITION wanted as manager, cashier or
bookkeeper by a first-class man of experience;
very 1 highest references given; thoroughly
posted on Pacific Coast trade; can give cash
bonds. Address box 460, Call office.
WANTED— Position to run a harvester or
header; have had 18 years' experience. Box
4929, Call.
YOUXG man dropping literary work on account i
of eye trouble desires to learn clerking; satis- j
fied at first with small wages. Box 4940. Call. !
CHINESE, experienced, first-class cook, meat i
and pastry, wishes position in private family, ;
boarding house or hotel; good reference*
satisfaction. CHARLEY WHITMAN, 906
Clay st.
MAX wishes position as janitor or porter;
speaks English, French and Spanish; first-
class references. Box 4323. Call office.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— house servants, laun-
dresses, second girls and others to fill situa-
ions Monday. Jl F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter ft.
C. R. H A EN & CO Phone Grant 185
40 waitresses for the best springs, mountain
and water resorts and country commercial ho-
tels; 4 waitresses for the best city hotels $20-
-2 pantry girls, country. $20; 2 . plain laun-
dresses, $30; chambermaid to wait country
$20, fare here; 2 cooks, short way in country!
$25 and $30 FAMILY ORDERS...... ...
Woman for cook and downstairs work, $25.
Marysville, free fare; housigirl. Boulder
Creek, $20, free fare one way; cook. Healds-
burg, see party here; housegirl, 2 In family,
$20. c. R. HAXSEX & CO.. i., ( Geary st. '
FANCY Ironer for first-class country hotel $-15,
free fare both ways; fancy Ironer, Lake
Tahoe. $25, free fare one way
Plain ironer. Santa Cruz. $30
C. R. HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
6 WAITRESSES to-day for beautiful new Capl-
tola Hotel, at Capitola, $25. C. R. HANSEN
CO., 104 Geary st.
10 WAITRESSES for Southern California, $20.
C. R. HAXSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
BATH woman for springs. $20; waitresses, city
and country. $20. HOTEL GAZETTE. 26
Montgomery St.. room 12.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
COOK for men. $20 per month, country: fare
paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Setter st.
TWO girls to assist in the c^?. f ou , ntr f
hotel. $15 each. MISS CULLEN. MB Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Marin County. $25; 2 waitress,
same place, country. $20 each; W chamber-
maids and waitresses, city, $20. $20 and $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. __
WORKING housekeeper, springs, $12; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS Trinity County. $20; fare paid.
MISS CULLEX. 326 Butter st.
WoMAN with a child; housework, country: see
party here 9 o'clock Monday. MISS LIL-
LEX, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist in housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard St., near Fillmore; call 2 days.
YOUXG girl to do upstairs work: wages $15.
Apply 1230 Ellis St.. near Octavla.
WANTED— A girl :' r light housework; no
washing. 110 Second St.. upstairs.
GIRL for general housework at 1218 Fulton st.
EXPERIENCED waitress at 623 Fourth st.
GOOD, strong woman for housework; must
be good cook: wages $15. 112 Hyde st.
SECOND cook and dishwasher at 432 Fifth
street.
WANTED— A woman 30 or 35 years of age,
American or German; must be good laundress
and good plain cook, to go to H lywards. Ap-
ply 110 Oak St. —
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup.
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars fr.r 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrvp Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
NEAT girl for housework and plain cooking;
German preferred. 20 Camp st., nr. Guerrero.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed:
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leaven worth.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32% Fremont st.; apply to Mr. Davis.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed:
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenwnrth.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Cook and baker for delicacy store.
M 0; cook and wife, nice country hotel. $50;
3 cooks, $35; waiters, kitchen help and many
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 blacksmiths. $2 50 day: lime bur-
ner, $50 and found: American driver for milk,
wagon, $25; creamery butter maker. $35;
scraper teamsters, $2 day; quarts miners,
$2 50 day; carpenter for mine, $3; laborers
for mine. $1 75 to $2 40 day. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
COME UNTO MURRAY & READY
Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
ALL YE THAT LABOR AND THEY WILL
GIVE YOU WORK AT BIG WAGES
27 laborers, no experience, fare 50c $<»
12 laborers, no experience, fare 55c $60
16 laborers, 8 hours and 10 hours.. s6o and $75
12 four-horse teamsters, fare $1 40 $60
12 laborers, brick yard $36 and found
12 laborers, factory and manufacturing com-
pany $1 "5 day
BUTCHERS- SHOEMAKERS
4 butchers, city and country jobs
$35 and $30 and found
2 shoemakers $1 "0 day
ANYBODY CAX PICK FRUITS
54 men and strong boys to pick fruits, etc
$26 and found
BLACKSMITHS— ......
14 blacksmiths and horaeshoers. etc., also
helpers for shops, mines, camps, ranches,
etc., $2 60, $2 day, $55, $45. $40. $30 and found:
3 carpenters for a large sawmill company....
MACHINE BLACKSMITH... BRICKMASONS
Machine blacksmith, fare 50c M day
3 brickmasons. also 3 stonemasons $4 day
FARMS AND DAIRIES
89 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $30, $26, $25, $20 and found
27 milkers, good steady Jobs. $30. $25 and
found
15 choremen and boys for farms, etc
$25 $20, $15. $10 and found
HAY AND HARVEST HELP
92 men for all classes of work for hay and
harvest, $2 50, $2, $150 day and found
MARRIED
6 men and wives for ranches
$40 and $35 and found
Gardener and wife, private $35 and found
FIREMEN AND ENGINEERS
FARE PAID TO GRASS VALLEY
Hewer and laborers, sawmill company
$35 $26 and found
STABLEMEN... FOR CITY STORES...
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Teamsters, laborers $2 and $1 75 day
Milk wagon driver '.....$25 and found
Wanted for ... .WASHINGTON ....
........I" '. '. '. '. '. '. '.'.MURRAY ''& READY.'
634-636 Clay st.
TO 12 MINES
54 laborers mo experience required); anybody
will suit; wages $60, 160, $30 and found. $2 40.
$2, $1 80 day COME AND SEE US
.' MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
FREE— FREE
TO EVERY RAILROAD IX CALIFORXA
TO-DAY— EVERY DAY ft
DRILLERS. LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
MUCKERS ...
$3 PER DAY
BOARD, LODGINGS ONLY COST $4 50 WK
MURRAY &■ READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE
....INTO BEAUTIFUL MENDOCINO C 0....
We are shipping 75 men to work in woods,
mills, yards, etc.; anybody will suit— that
means you No experience
wages $26 to $85 and found.. Come and see 'is
Woodchoppers, tiemakers, crosscut sawyers,
■I itenders, engineers, log fixers, screw-
turners, tree fellers, head donkey men, etc,
CM $60, $55, $50, $40, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPT BAKERS. ETC.
36 Ist. 2d, 3d cooks for all parts of California;
hotels, boarding houses, camps, mines, ranch-
es, springs, restaurants, etc.. wages $55, $45,
$40, $35. $30, $25 and found.
19 waiters $30. $25. $20 and found
29 dishwashers $30. $25. $20 $lj and found
PORTERS LAUNDRY HELP PAX-
TRYMEN ELEVATOR BO*s
waiter?, dishwashers, for mines
12 bakers. Ist, 2d, 3d hands, $40, $30. $25, $20
and found.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant IS3
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. MONDAY
NO OFFICE FEE
FREE FARE
FOR THE COAST ROAD
SHIP WEDXESDAY
Teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen
$1 75 to $2 50 a day
60 MEN WANTED
C. R. HAXSEX & CO
Employment A gent s
104 Geary st
HOTEL DE1" A RTMENT.. ...........
French cook for" a resort. $60; third \ cook,
$10: restaurant cook. $60; country restaurant
cook, $60; fry cook $50; cook, $9 a week; cook,
country restaurant, ■?."."; third cook, summer
resort, $30; pastry cook for a delicacy store,
$35; bakers' helpers. $25 and $30; dishwasher,
springs. $20; vegetableman, springs, $20: pot-
washer, springs. $20; potwasher." hotel. $20; I
restaurant dishwashers. $25: .baker and pastry
cook, summer resort, $50; French dishwasher,
summer resort, $25
Walter, restaurant. Santa Cruz, $30; waiter,
country hotel, $30: 2 waiters, same country
hotel. $25; 25 colored waiters, north; 2 waiters.
Santa Cruz Mountains, $25; omnibus, first-
class country hotel. $25 and free fare: pantry-
man, summer resort near city. $20; assistant
pantryman, cummer resort, $20; night porter.
$25: waiter, springs
Washer, $40; ironer, $40; ironer. 130, for Lake
Tahoe, free fare; hanger up. country hotel. $30
and found and free fare: hand laundryman,
country hotel. $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
Machine blacksmith, $3 a day; 2 black-
smiths, country -hops. $2 a day and found:
ranch blacksmith, $35 and found: buggy
washer and driver, $50: stableman, $35; farmer
and wife, experience on a vineyard preferred.
$35 and found, see party here; 6 laborers for
a factory, $2 a day, near city; 15 laborers for
a sawmill and woods. $30 and found, see bos 3
here: milker, $2. -; 5 farmers. $1 25 a day and
board; choreman, $12: young German to help
on a milk wncon. $15 and found; 10 wood-
choppers $1 50 a cord, 4-foot wood
...,:...C. R. HAXSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter and 8 waiters. " $40 and $25 for
a summer resort. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101
Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, hotel. $75; baker and
pastry cook, water resort. $50. c. R. HA.N-
SEN &■ CO.. 104 Geary st.
second cook, country hotel. French, Swiss
or Alsatian. $75. free fare; extra French,
cook. $4 a day; both must be first class. C
l: HAXSEX & CO., 104 Geary St.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer for large
ranch: $50 per month. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED
Burleigh driller for mine, $2 50 per day.
steady job; man to tend chuck for mining
company, $2 25 per day •■
6 miners $."2
10 milkers $30 and $25
20 farm hands, near city.sl. $1 25. SI 50 per day
Blacksmith helper, for ranch $30 and found
5 more laborers for mine $4;
Ranch cook, near city $;s
3 laborers for brick yard, near city
$30 and found
Porter for first-class saloon In city $-,
And others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED .'
Farmer and wife for first-class ranch, near
city, $35 per month and found
Walter, resort, near city j"»5
w. D EWER A CO., 610 Clay st.
THREE cooks. $40, $30 and $20 each. MISS
CULLEX, 323 Sutter St. .HELP "WANTED— Continued.
.*• ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st. : tel. 1804—
Call i arly to-day ar.,l see our list of situations
for private families, hotel?, resorts, restau-
rants, ranches, etc ■
(TusDENErTIisI potwasher, *20; dishwasher,
$25: 5 colored waiters. J25, for country hotels
and springa. HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Mont-
gomery noom 12^
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply im-
mediately. California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
lirannan St., between Third and Fourth.
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co.. Ltd., Brannan st., between Third and
Fourth.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after S weeks: call or write for free illus-
trated* catalogue. MOLER'S Barber College,
G35 Clay st.
______
BUTCHER, young man, who understands tak-
ing car.? of horses and cutting meat; with
reference. Apply 237 Thlnl *t.
WANTED— Good dishwasher at 3 and 5 Jack-
s n st. i
BOY about IS years to work in a factory;
wages >3 50 with In rease. IS Fremont st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply 52S Fourth Bt.
► BARBER for Sacramento; steady work. Apply
at 219 Broadway, city.
WANTED— A steady dishwasher; wages $20 a
month. • 17 Washington st. -
NIGHT clerk wanted. Alpha House, 5 Market
street.
YOUNG butcher wanted at 430 Cortland aye.,
IWnal Heights.
DISHWASHER who can cook short orders; call
oarly. I(X\S Hyde si.
VAXTED-A good restaurant cook. 5 E«-*t
street.
GOOD barber for country: wages- $25 a month
and found. Call at -i 7 Third it.
DISHWASHER wanted: young man. Corner
Greenwich and Lyon sts.. Presidio gate.
GERMAN boy on bread. 2125 Mason street.
WANTED— Waiter and a boy about 15 or '•"
years Id, 1507 Market, near Eleventh. ,
WANTED— m:ui who understands his busi-
ness as deputy org.ml7.er for one of ■ re best
fraternal orders in ihe United States; only
those who are capable and mean business need
apply. Call on or address DR. W. M. PARK,
24 Sixth St., San Francisco, Cal. Office hours,
10 a. m. to 1:30 p. m.
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal being
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts., San Francisco, or on work at
Bunol.
WANTED— A first-class mill man to take
charge of planing mill in San Francisco;
must be an energetic young man willing to
work himself > state wages and reference.
Address box 4699", Call Office.
TO go this week 500 pairs men's shoes, same
nearly new, from 50c to $1 30: new shoos,
Elightky damaged, hr.!:' price. 5G2 Mission st.,
1 •■• Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
TRAVELING salesman to sell gloves on com-
mission as side line. Empire Glove Works,
cor. Battery and ■.•■.
2 MEN of good address; Eastern men preferred;
permanent employment for right parties.
CHAP. P. NEWMAN, rm. 17, Donohoe bldg.
WANTED— Barytone singer who can play the
organ. Cal! bet. 2 and 4 p. m. at Golden West
Hotel, Wednesday, July 5. Quaker Med. Co.
WANTED — Good shoemakers for repairing. 961
Mission St.
TWO men to peddle up town with hand cart;
$1 ps-r day each. 15 Montgomery st., room 8.
BOY to help on milk wagon; German preferred.
1.-.07-9 Broderick st.
50 BOYS to sell Fourth of July souvenir but.
tons. 3 Taylor st., bet. 8 and 10.
WANTED— Hammermen at Point Richmond;
wages $2 25 per day; board $4 60 week.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and .'. board $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and .team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Scnora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 303 Mont-
gomery st.
t-"OLDIER3" sailors or heirs desiring pensions,
travel piy; etc. Bee L. M. SHERWOOD. 612.
sixth floor, Examiner building, San Francisco.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting, 35c to
£oc. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d st».
WANTED— Distributors. EMPIRE LAUNDRY
CO.. 755 Bryant street.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free emplny-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 ;th; tel. Jessie HS4.
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; ites, 23c to SI per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; V. to $2 per week.
WILSON House, 775 Mission St.. near Fourth—
10(1 modern room? with hot, cold water: free
baths; electric lights; elevator to $1 night.
SAILORS and ordinary seaman for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Stenart st.
WANTED— IS men to find clea-. central, cheap
mis., £sc, 50c night; hkpg., $1 25 up. - v - 3d st
WANTED Men can learn the barber trade tor
$5 at 1542 Market -st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 2.'c
per night. Lind-il. Bth and Howard; read. rm.
ME.C nnd women to learn barber trade •at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138H Eighth St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO attor-
neys, Hears* bldg., Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 23c per night; ,'.">. $1
to $? Ul week. Elcho House, SQ3tfe Market st.
THY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 2."-c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— To lleet wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 7CO rooms. 25 c night: reading room; free
'bus and bagenge to and from the ferry.
PARTNERS "WANTED.
PRACTICAL mining man wants partner; a
lady with capital preferred. Box 4933. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
I •• FURNISHED room; b-ith, If pr>s«!ble; not far
- : from center of titv. Box 46S. r >. ■ 'all
■ ;; WASTED- MISCELL'AJVEOIJS.
: ' WANTED— Martin concert guitar. Address
; '."" Guitar.- IS2I Pine st.
' ' GOOD second-band saw cutting lathe;" about 5-
• .• foot bod. Box 4934, C'al! •>fri<:e.
- ' WANTED— To hire ICO first-class scraper teams
with harness oud pead bars; long Job. E. B.
•• ." STONE. Elmhurst.
ROLLER top desk; second-hand; must be fine.
Pox 16 C G, Call Sen.
CARPET CLEANING.
WHE • You become disgusted with poor work
ht-nd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works, 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. S.^4o.
CARPETS cleaned, 8c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister St., cor. Larkin: tei. lint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4"2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 884. GEO. WALCOM^ Proprietor.^
j McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4::: Stevenson st. : tel South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS Cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning '■'■ • per yard; tel. Mission 74.
X' s Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. SOS Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 8c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet beating Works. 333 Golden
■ Gate five. : tel. East 12(5.
LOST-
BROWN paper acct. sales-hook; bet. Drumm
Ft. and Harrison and Fourth; no value e-xcept
to owner; reward. J. SCHMIDT & CO., 11:.
■ Drumm st.
LOST— Feather boa, at B. B. Hall. Saturday
° evening, July 1. turn same to 213 Na-
. toma st. and get reward— s3.
COST — Amethyst cuff fastener, between Sev-
enth st., near Howard,' and Fifth and Howard.
• ins Harrison; reward.
.DIAMOND bracelet. Handsome reward If re-
" • turned to 71S Treat aye.; near Twentieth st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. .
MAGTJIRE ft GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
, uire (eX-ConsreMXßan) and James _. uaua-
ghCT (ex-City and County Attorney) -have
moved their law offices to the Parroti build-
ing. 8!5-S5fi Market St.: teL South 215.
ADVICE tree; divorce law a specialty; private;
rio fee without Buccess; collections. G. «.
ft HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE frr-e; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. fc. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, 827
; IXurU-.-i; censuitatton free; — a teea In advance.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s«i)o; FRUIT, produce and poultry business
In largest market in Oakland: rent $55; estab-
lished many years and splendid ; paying;
sickness of owner only cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE. '"'6 Market St.
ALL kind of patents for sale; bring In your
inventions. It. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
56OCO— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
sts.; first-class cash custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
of sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— s2oo; RESTAURANT and chop house; rent
$40; alose to Wells-Fargo Express Co. Call
R. G. WILKE. MM Market st.
(860; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
first-class paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket Et.
I A— sl2oo; BAKERY in lively country town;
I established years: monthly tales $1000; rent
$25; horse, wagon, living rooms- a good-pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKE, 90« Market.
$175— RESTAURANT: good location; cheap
rent; sickness. McLAI GHLIN. 777^ Market.
$700— SALOON- bargain; other business cause
of pale. Mclaughlin & co.. tita Market.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DE.NNISON, 783V4 Market st.
■ PARTY with $600 to Invest In legitimate busi-
ness can ■•■ ire information; fortune. Apply
■ Monday to W. B. DENN ISON, 783^ ■ Market.
$1500— FINE corner jrrocery store; 3 branch
bakeries and notloi stores, |250, $750, $150;
others; sell or ex. EITEL, 1 •■"•■_ Maxket St.
I VRTNER wanted In light business; $15
to $25 a week: trial given; no experience re-
quired. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary St.
BARBER shop at a bargain $250
Paying roadhouse; must sell by July 1... 1750
Fine grocery and ■"'• value in sight — 1500
Call at room 2, 1Q07V6 Market st., near Sixth.
I FOB Bale 2-chair barber shop, cheap for
I cash on account of leaving city. Address Box
: 4:!2G. Call office. .
, TO let— Sabion; well fitted up and In complete
I running order; now open. Boston House, 730
j Howard st.
I FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for lie in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at '.1;.- office.
FOR sale Fixtures and store lease; merchant
retiring from a well-established grocery busi-
ness In Fresno; rare opportunity for a good
business man. Address Immediately JOHN
I C. NOURSE, Fresno.. Cal. ,
i BAKERY for sale cheap; only bakery in city of
: Cf.oo population; good reason given for soiling.
A. SPECHT, City Bakery, Vancouver,
! Washington.
| A— CIGAR .stand at invoice price; centrally lo-
cated: rent $15. Apply before 11 a. m. at res-
! taurant, 10 Hayes st.
i SPLENDID stand tor poultry or dellcateses;
rent Slf>. SONOMA MARKET, 1307 Polk st.
$15 -STORE and use of fixtures; room good
for small business or dressmaker. 353 Fifth.
$375— FIRST-CLASS candy store for sale nnd
Instruction in candy making. Box 695. Call.
FOR SALE— Shoe shop; reasonable; owner re-
tiring on account of old age. 539 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Wieland
Brewery. Second and Folsom st.«.
— FAMILY liquor store; building, lease and
good will for sale; most prominent stand on
the water front; near the Government dock.
Folsom st.; a good paying business for 2
men: no i tents. Box 1530, Call office. •
$1500— FOR one-half Interest in two butcher
shops; includes horses, wagons, book ac-
counts, etc.; in good location: monthly re-
| ceipts $1200. Address Box 4799. Call.
GOOD hotel in Sacramento: doing first-class
business; good location: 65 regular boarders;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
FOR salt— Fine grocery and bar; good location.
Corner Post and Devisadero st«.
NO. 1 cigar store; day trade. Apply 400 Mont-
gomery st ; offer wanted.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland: no agents.
! COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
22 ROOMS; on Howard st $ 500
IS rooms; on Turk st., only 550
18 rooms; on Third st 325
40 rooms; corner house; clears $150 1500
Country hotel and bar: 30 rooms ISOO
5-room flat; near Emporium .250
15-room house: worth $000 • 250
H_C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp." Fifth.
12 ROOMS Post st.; $150 cash ...$375
IS rooms; $250 cash: interest IVi per cent.. G5O
2S rooms: cheap rent; only 650
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
WANTED— Tenants for 3 to 10 room vacant
houses at A. M.. SPECK & CO '8, 667 Market.
14 P.OOMS; established 10 years; fullest Inves-
tigation. LARS] 31S Bush st.
LODGING house of, 11 rooms for sale cheap;
call for one. week. 233 Third -'.
$;.'iO— l4 FURNISHED rooms; rent $40: north of
Market: ■■■-■ payments. Apply "27 Mission st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
• TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
DAVIS"* CO., 1111 Market, Odd Fellows' bldg.
must vacate ■ re; everything goes.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for *■)■> 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store, 79 9th. buys, sells.
fxch. new &■ 2d-hand fur., carpets, stoves.
HORSES.
M HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
! ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Killip _ Co.: salesyard. 1732 Market. |
, i -~ I ?
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— A tine wagon and cover, horse and
■ harness. 736 Fulton st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAX & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
| ' ' ~* —»——■.— —~"*~—*" — ■■ — »~~» —— — ■ "~~* —————»
I FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
! BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
■ A— l4-KARAT gold American Waltham or El-
gin movement gent's watch, guaranteed, for
(25; .1 lady's watch, tsame quality and make.
for SIS, worth *40; just what the cases will
melt up f'>r; also another $200 line sealskin
for $10.'. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, oitlce furniture, etore and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand. !
J NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-102J Mission St.. j
above Sixth. ■;
FOR Bali Fine oak folding bod; mirror front.
17*7 Howard St.
PAINTER'S falls for sale ch-ap. Call at 536 Ivy
uve., neai Laguna; 6 to 7 p. m.
SECOND shafting, pulleys, circular
saw, table. 1 blower, at ROBERT'S, 1613
Market st.
JAPANESE pug pups; Nippon, the father, has
taken first prize at dog show. Call at 511
Jones st.
j CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
i Belling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
I 2- SMALL fireproof safes and National cash
I register; cheap. 42 Main st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw,
wood planer; hand J. BURKE, 133 Beale.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving. m!rror3,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
j CAMERAS and photo supplies— full line
selling at lens than cost. &13 Hearst building.
j ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. White, 516 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— 1 h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $123, 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. K27 Mission.
DREPS pants', $2 B5: fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 613 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
| A— »3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento 6t.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 9. F.
~ SEWING MACHINE?.
MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought add. exchanged, rented; r«-
yatring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
CI.KANINO ' POUNDS.
i UTICA cleansing, toilet and paste compounds;
first prize 1899 Royal Agricultural Society.-
Sydney; cures poison oak: a household bless-
ing. SAMUEL SEYMOUR. Agent; office and J
factory. 21 Sp< ar st.
ACCOUNTANTS.
! S X BALLARD. 401 Cal. (-t.. designs, audits &
' adjusts accounts for corporations & firms, ret.
PHYSICIANS. ~~ ~~" (
i>R C O'DONNELL. office and residence.
10*21% Market Bt.. bet. 6th and 7th. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 3, 1899.
PERSONALS.
LErjE*RER^Q^IN^rONICA is a perfect hair
tonic;, does not change the color of the hair
and removes dandruff. 328 Stockton - st.
THERE Is but one Lederer; his hairdresslng
parlors are thronged; befit work but 25c;
switches, $1 up; hair rolls, 10c; very longest,
only 30c. 123 Stockton St.
LADIES— A big cut In prices; $6 Ypsllantl
union suits, $3; equestrian tights, 25c. OBER S.
34 Geary st. t
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
$1 PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton St., near Broadway.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark |
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads. or
statements printed: catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 522 Sacramento St.: tel. Main 153«.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases. ••■:
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion :guarantd. Dr. Gordln.sl4 Pine.ab.Keany.
A — ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 San«oroe.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. ISI4 Market st. : open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below coat to or-
der. K. TOS TANI. 313 Sutter St.
Ladles' or germ's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth. .
WANTED— (mid for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. '.Ms O'Farrell. bet. Novell & Mason.
DRESSMAKERS.
387 GEARY Dresses made. $5 up; dresses
made over: perfect fit: organdies and lawns.
SPIRITUALISM.
! MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium.
life reader: afso medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary: sittings $1; diagnosis free.
JOHN SLATER Circle to-night at S:l5 sharp: '
! sittings daily, 10 to 4. ISO 9 Stockton st., near
Greenwich.
■£. V. Miller's materializing seance to-morrow, i
2 o'clock: 50c. 409 Leavenworth St.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.; j
Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia St. |
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS J. B. DWTER, the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately, either in person/
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism an.d is master
of the power by which she can reveal your 1
entire life; also the lives of those in whom i
you are interested; satisfaction guaranteed by j
mail, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket st. • I
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies. 50c; gents, $1; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. MANDENA. ' clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; 25c this week; test circles Sun..
Tups, and Friday eves.; 10c. 234^ Sixth st.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Clingman. from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologlst:
readings 50c and *' 513 Tenth St.. Oakland.
MRS. SOPHIE SEIP, reliable sychometrist;
2.V. Sun., Tues., Fri.. at - . We. 1724 Market.
EMMA GOLDMAN, the anarchist lecturer,
speaks July 6 at 117 Turk st. ; - p. m.
MME. HAYS card reader, removed from 207
Powell st to 1 Fifth, room L.
MM!-: HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 2.V. 148 Sixth St.. room 1. .
MISS A L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
RESPONSIBLE cardreader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guaf.; 25c. 1322 Mission. I
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth- or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business j
advice; names riven; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c;. ladies, 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best in America- Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the ;
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones: classes;
office hours 1 to Bp. m. : reading by mall, $1.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley tells your life: cradle I
to grave; 50c. $1. up. 106 Taylor, parlors 3-5.
PROF. D. LANDER will read your hand to
perfection. Fee 50 cts. 78 Third st., room 4.
A— MME. BUSH NELL, the famous palmist, 916
Bush st.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling- good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy i
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO..
Btelnway dealer?, corner Kearny and Sutter
its.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west Of Chicago is KOHLKR & CHASE'S.
2«, 28 and 30 OFarrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible (tone to please and satisfy the
customer.
HAINKS BROS.. Baldwin and other standard
makes; second hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
AT $127; Btelnway upright left by party going
East. 136 Ellis st.
A— ■'. UPRIGHT piano in tine condition; also
the famous Hr-rnung Bros. 216 McAllister St.
CHEAP Stelnway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A NEW Chlckering and 3 Stelnways. Kepffe's,
1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 70«.
OUR specialty Is renting new pianos, $2 SO per
( mo. Ecott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
IT A. . DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to SI 2 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
ROHMEK, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post Bt. ' . ■
i W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia.Bank.
1 KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LKR _ CHASE, 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
DENTISTS.
A— -DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market st., f-ver Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract- [
! ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or*
1 chloroform administered; the best and most !
! artistic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 60; flesh colored plates, from
$5: porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work. j
Open evenings and Sundays. j
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and j
bridge work until August 1 to introduce our |
! new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 2') years: crown i
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
Ings, 60c; crowns, $3 CO; plates, full set, $5; ■
! all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO I
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
I AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar- |
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can j
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth j
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
| $;( 50 Dp; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
| fice hours, 9a.m.to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9to 2
I p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager. |
; DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
I tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 yean?. . .
! FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings, 2.'c up; gold
crowns, $3: gold bridges, $5 up: painless ex-
traction guaranteed: plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission ft., cor. 6th.
bit. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a j
j specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric- j
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10 !
operators: no students. 997 Market st. ,
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns.
I $3 up: open ev'frs. 850 Market Ft.
' SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
j YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
A WEEKS news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
' . 16 pages. In wraDDer. for mailing, $2 per year. 1
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
lift* you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. • ■ , -, '
HOUSE of 6 rooms to let; nic» 'yard; cheap.
1133 Folsom St. ■
TWENTY-THIRD. 27SS, near Hampshire—
rooms; bath; yard; rent $16.
VERY fine house. In perfect condition; 33SS
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable: see it. E. G. DENNISTON,
3454 Twenty-first st.
VERY pleasant house. In perfect condition: S3S6
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; see it.
$12, HOUSE of 4 rooms, and one at $10 of 3
. rooms; on Lawrence place, off Fremont St..
between Harrison and Bryant; grand view
of bay: to a small family only. ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
COLLING WOOD, — Cottage of 4 rooms; large
yard; stable in the rear.
COTTAGE, large yard, $9. Apply grocery, San-
chez and Jersey Ftp.
MARKET, 2626, bet 16th and 17th— Cottage; 6
rooms and bath; $22.
: je— TWO new cottages; 4 rooms; 17 Roscoe,
near 34th. Apply 64 Silver St.. off Third.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath. 716
Natoma St.. between Eighth and Ninth.
MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; reasonable to good tenant.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely eunny 6-room flat; modern Improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
SEVENTH. 454. corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and S.
THIRTEENTH. 425— Sunny upper and middle
flat; modern; Improved; reasonable.
THREE sunny room flat. 638 Jessie St., near
Seventh.
THREE nice rooms; very convenient. Apply 11
Clara street, between Third and Fourth.
TO-LET— Bat of 4 rooms. 3 Golden
Court, off Sacramento St., near Leavenworth.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— Sunny s-
room flat; modern; rent $15; water free.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath; gas. BVi Lewis
*t., off Taylor, between Post and Sutter.
4 ROOMS and bath; large cellar; large flower
. garden. 1219 Laguna, cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221.
$S— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye.. near Lacuna and Hayes sts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkin — Bay-window alcove
room and kitchen; complete for housekeep-
ing; gas stove.
EDDY. 207— Complete furnished front hskpg.
rms.: coal stove, ga?. bath; house quiet.
FILLMORE, 320 ft, nr. Clay— sls. five sunny
rooms, bath, nice yard and water. .; :/ .': ; ■'■-.■
FIRST, 805, just above Folsom— Part of house;
three rooms; $8; In good order.
FOLSOM, 1581 3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
stove; suitable for dressmaker; $12.
FULTON,. 218, corner Van Ness— Neatly furn.
flat. 4 rooms; gas range: bath; also others.
GEARY, 1917— Furnished and unfurnished
Hats; each 4 rooms. 2 baths, 2 toilets, 2 cel-
lars; gas; every convenience: $18.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 neatly fur. 2 front,
With closets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
i floor, complete for housekpg.; sun; yard; bath.
HARRISON, Three rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $12.
HARRISON, 784V4, near Fourth— Finely furn.
sunny rooms: bath: homelike: $1 week up.
HAWTHORNE. 172. bet. 2d and 3d, nr. Harri-
Small prettily fur. flat; private; $16 mo.
HOWARD. 528, bet. First and Second—
furnished Funny room and also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 551—2 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
HOWARD, 1774, corner Fourteenth— or 3
neatly furnished rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD, $29— Furnished rooms from $1 week
up; also housekeeping and transient.
JONES, 503 3 housekeeping rooms, complete,
$16; also double and single rooms, cheap.
KEARNY, 223, nr. Sutter— 2 nice front rooms:
gas free; $14. Apply 15 Grant aye.; Janitor
service.
MARKET, 102R— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, $12; 3 unfurnished, $6.
MARKET, 1629, bet. Bth and 9th— 2 very large
sunny rooms complete for housekeeping; reaa.
MARTHA pi.. 2, off Geary nr. Taylor— 2 neatly
furnished rms; complete for hkp; stove; yard.
MINNA, 573, near Seventh — 1 large back sunny
room: all complete; yard; cheap.
MISSION. SCS— Suite complete for housekeep-
Ing; sunny and pleasant.
MISSION, 1125V4, near Seventh— Suite furnished
rooms; good cook stove; $2 per week.
NATOMA, 00—2 housekeeping rooms; $5; fine
yard: sun all day.
NOE, 151—2 or 3 sunny front "housekeeping
rooms; gas or coal range; $10 to $14.
OCTAVIA, Nice sunny furnished room for
housekeeping.
PAGE. 1134, nr. Baker— nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping, $11.
POST, 617%— 2 pleasant sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable..
SEVENTH, 2C2— 2 large sunny cor. suites for
hskpg; house surrounded by beautiful lawns.
SOUTH PARK. 184, nr. 3d 2 large nicely fur-
nished rms.; running water; complete hskpg.
SUTTER, nil." nr. Comfortably furl,
single suites: also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
THIRD, 303—2 large rooms for housekeeping;
respectable place.
TURK, 543— Large front room complete for
housekeeping. $2 50 week; others reasonable.
TWELFTH, 120— Newly fur. sunny housekpg
j-n-is. ; private fain.; pel#ct locality; gas stoves.
TWENTY-THIRD, 31618— 2 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms with bath and stationary
wasbtubs.
VALENCIA, 1171—2 large sunny bay-window
rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Furnished sunny flat; 3
rooms and bath; complete for housekeeping;
only permanent and responsible parties.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
tunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sta. —
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 00 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 326 Kearny — Sunny second parlor, with use
of front parlor, for gentleman or man and
wife; private family. Inquire shoe .store.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— lst-class sunny iris..
15c to $1 nay; Me to $4 wk; al3o housekeeping.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hkpg. rms.; reas.; transient.
BALBOA. 1049 A Market— Changed hands; first-
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside
rooms; elevator: prices reasonable: transient
solicited. H. H. McCOLLISTER. Prop.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. _ offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; price* reasonable.
EDDY, 303. corner Jones— 2 sunny bay-window
corner rooms; double beds; homelike.
ELLIS, 312— Neatly furnished small hall bed-
room: cheap: central and convenient to all
theaters.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FOURTH. I2SVz. nr Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated; choice front rms.
GEARY, 14 A Large well-furnished suite, run-
ning water, $16 mo.; hskpg.; others, $1 25 wk.
GOLDEN STATE. 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
ORAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
Indies' parlors: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 413— Three nicely furnished rooms
and bath; reasonable terms.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter. near Stockton—
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door: elevator: free baths.
HOWARD, 646, near 3d— -New house. 30 rms. ;
newly frnshd.; single, double; gas; $3 upward.
HOWARD, 7G14 — ' Furnished ' sunny rooms,
bay window; double and single.
IVANHOE. 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg bultes (3 to 5 r.),515 up; ref.
JESSIE, 333— Large furnished room, suitable
for 2 gentlemen; also 1 for light housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH. 405— Fine sunny room to let;
from $6 to $10 per month.
MARKET, 7S3's— Neat newly furnished rooms';
central location; tl to $2 50 per*week.
MINNA, 436— Large, very eunny furnished
front room: rent $6.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
MISSION, S46— Changed hands; house thorough-
ly renovated; suites or single rooms; modern;
reasonable. '
MISSION, 646— Large sunny furnished front
j room; rent :. ! ' : private family.
NATOMA, 2S2M>. near Fourth— Two unfurnished
rooms : water and yard; rent $5.,
O'FaRKELL. 80~eUOrty furbished rooms and
office!?: elevator, electric lights; .lay, wk.. mo.
\ POST, Front room with alcove; private;
rent $10 a month.
I POWELL. 15— Newly fur.; new management;
single, double; transient; next to Columbia.
POWELL. 17— Central and prettily furn. rms.;
cheap; June. Market st. cars.; nr theater.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms: sunny.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis ■_— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladle« parlor; rooms, per flight, 35c to $1 50:
week, $2 to $3; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 19— Sunny furnished rooms. $5. $6; also
front rm. suitable 1 or 2: $2 week; private.
SIXTH, 132— Neatly fur. sunny rooms; suites
and single; also housekpg; rates moderate.
SIXTH. 429 Two nice sunny front furnished,
suitable for light housekeeping, and other
room. • ". ' : -'. '
STEVENSON. C37»2— Sunny front room, nicely
furnished. $4 per month.
TAYLOR, 117 Furnished rooms for $1 50 up pel
week; also housekeeping rooms.
TAYLOR. I"" 1 . 1 , iv. Jackson-st. cars— Large
sunny bay-window suite; partly frnshd.; gas;
bath; but. com wat.: tel; suit, for 1 or 3 gent.
THE PIEDMONT. 1 i 9 a sixth st., corner Min-
na Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oliver, 865 Isom, nr. 6th -Sunny corner
rms., suites and single; gas, bath; also bskpg.
THE Oaks. 113 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 2.".. nr. Mark-t -Sunniest rooms In San
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp.
j THIRD. 78. Market: also 309— Nicely frnshd
| rms, single and double: also hskg; elec. lights
TURK, 214— One nice sunny furnished room to
let by German family.
YALE, 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnlshed suites, $5 up: plug:--. $1 50 up.
ROOMS AM) HOARD.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
j board, $5 a week up: Swedish home; parlor.
I ATLAS—, 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully fur.
sunny suites, single r.. reas.; board optional.
BEAUTIFUL sunny room with board for two
refined young ladies; private home; $35. 528
: Oak st.
GOLDEN GATE, 160— Elegant parlor suite,
newly furnished: other rooms; hot and cold
water: 2 blocks from Market St. '
j HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde, cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional.
i LAS PAULAS, ISM Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op. 1
O'FARRELL. 742—^arge front r&om, running
water, home cooking; also sin^r- rms., ■- up.
POWELL, .-■'!> (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
I SOUTH PARK. 159 Large sunny front suite;
I first floor; privilege of hskpg.; board optional.
; BUTTER, 112S— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden: home cocking. _^
' CHILDREN HOARDED.
1 WANTED— I or 2 children to take care of;
French lady. Box 1943. Call.
GOOD home for infants: only $10 per month.
210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
i WESTERFELDS Restaurant. coffee and Ice
I cream parlor. 103") Market st.: papula' nri"?"".
i =
STORES TO LET.
OFFICES Fine light front rooms, all on hist
floor; 137 Montgomery st. Apply DAVID-
SON & LEIGH, 30 Montgomery st.
HOWARD. .'37— Large store, suitable for res-
taurant; also 4 living rooms, yard and shed.
LARGE corner store; rent reasonable; Seventh
i and Natoma sts. Apply CO.'i Natoma.
TO let— Small store. 5 Taylor st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak, son-. Inflamed, itching, watery, hum
Ing. painful and overstrained eyes and nerves;
by mail, Me. German Optical Institute, 1071 Vi
Market. S. F. Wanted— Reliable art. cv. town.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all those who rre sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
■ with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
[ and privacy of a home: consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, fg; no Instru-
i ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
: refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy j
J ft., bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to
I 12, 2to 4 and 7to S. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
I ever cause), safe and sure; reliaf guaranteed
I at any time when others have failed: travel- j
ers helped instantly and can return home tha
came day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
(6: home In confinement; skillful medical at- 1
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRP. DR. V.'YETH, 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyae and Larkin: hours, 10 to 6 and 7 to 3 i
p. m. Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladle- only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- I
anteed; any disease or Irregularity : disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated: no de»
lay; 6<?lf-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market Bt.;
pills, $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restore^ instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5: travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Mantet «t.. Detween i
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 6 and 7 1
to 8 p. m., Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci- I
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. J5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice S7 years.
DR. POPPER. XIS Kearny st
A — DR. G. . W. O'DONNKLL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donneil has
treated sucessfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment car. be used at home; consultation
free; call or write. IC2%M.- Market st. j
DR WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and j
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay Et.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. 31., 1 to 3 j
and 7 to S p m.
i ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well-
known, reliable, safe and pure; maternity
home; no instruments: consultation free and
confidential: home treatment $5. MRS. AL-
LEN, 228 Van Ness aye. ■
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay '
Bt. ; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se- 1
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MKRITO— Pure, safe preventive; married ladles
try it; price $1. sample box "'•••: write for clr-
! cular.Merito Mfg. C0., 227 Leavenworth st..S.F.
; A— DR. and MRS. SILVA, 215Va Mason St.—
Private home In confinement: ladies' friend
' In trouble: terms reas. ; call and be convinced.
I DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement: babies
adopted into good homes.
: MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant gunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
! DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market' st.— lnstant re-
j lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
I DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 11" Mason st.
"™ — m """ ' *"— ~ *"— — — » *~~— ™— «— — —
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
; 722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
DRY storage, cheap; advances made. D. Mc-
RAE. 524 Geary st. ■
I PIKRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
| Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PROPOSALS.
UNITED^ States Engineer Office, Flood build-
ing. San Francisco, Cal., July 3. IS93— Sealed
proposals for constructing steel highway |
draw-span, piers therefor and I apprpac-hca
thereto- across tidal canal at Oakland Harbor, 1
Cal., will be received here until 12 o'clock I
noon August 9, ISO 9. Information furnished
on application. W. H. HEUER. Major, En-
gineers. 1
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A— s7Bso: CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
park view front and rear cannot be ob-
structed; 10 large sunny rooms; conservatory
most expensively decorated: heaters; all pos-
sible conveniences. Apply to ALBERT WIL-
FORD on premises, cor. Fulton 'and ShradeT
Bts., from 11 to 3; McAllister or Hayes-st.
car. ' ■ - • • • ■ -
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
$3500— NORTHWEST corner Twenty-third and
Dolores sts..; lot 50x57; with good two-story
building: store and 2 rooms below, with 5- ;
room upper flat: worth $4500: investigate and
submit offer. G. B. M. GRAY, owner, 454
Ninth st., Oakland.
'" ACRES OIL LAND. Fresno County, for $10;. ■
get particulars. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate.
money loaned to and for you. Mills building;
phone 1196: "no stock in a company."
IF you have lets north of GolUen Gate Part,
west of First avenue, and yon wish to ."•I!
them, cull en W. J. UUNK. tlO Montgomery.
A SACRIFICE— SI7SO; 2 flats. ■< Roms: hard fin-
ished: beautiful view: no agents. W63 Army, i
$1700— New house': brick foundation. 9 rooms f
and bath: 667 Market. SPECK .Si- CO.
COIiNTKV itr.Ai. KMT ATM.
SACRIFICE for cash within 20 lays; country
home. 3 acre* Slorletta, - miles from Oak-;
land: S-rocrn house, etc.; cost J1800; can graze
cow outside. CAPT. A. JENKINS, North
Temescat < . j
NEW rich land near city; small and lars:
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500 j
acres 'eft. For particulars of Immense cr:.y* j
raised in dry season of 1597-HS <i:Mi-iv3s THE
•.-•TAT! CO.. 302 California st.. S. F.
FRUIT, gralr and stock farms.
W. D HOLO M & CO.. 20 Montgomery Ft.
PROPERTY WASTED.
CHEAP lots near ear lines anywhere In San
Francisco. J. .T. EVANS. Real Estate and
I>.«ns. Mills building. __^_____ '
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak- ]
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without ,
removal: no commission; no delays. J. !
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 5V4 per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- j
bate; mortgage- and legacies bought: no de- i
lay. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8. !
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- \
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew- !
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jpwf^ry j
Store, 846 Market St.: telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st. ;
i LOANS made to salaried people; real and |
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with- ;
out Indorser. HILL, 44, Merchants' Exchange. I
I TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS, Real ]
Estate and Loans. Mills bdg: notify: will call. j
REAL estate, 6 per cent; Id mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building. !
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.; !
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes ;
without indorser. TfOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg. :
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need ;
more money see H. MURPHY. OH Market.
A WEEK'S pews :or 5 rents -Th* Weekly Call. !
16 pagea. in wrapper, for mailing. 51 per v»ar.
MONEY WANTED.
$4000 WANTED 1 year. S per cent: ample se-
curity. JAMES GAMBLE, 230 Montgomery
st., room 23. '
EDUCATIONAL.
i ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as- j
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., mm- |
ertilogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL — Theory and practice, con- :
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics. :
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St. j
HOLMES College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy- ;
slcal culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stage
technique; 15 instructors; degrees conferred; ;
day and evening classes. Address secretary i
for catalogue, room 4. Odd Fellows' big, S. F. j
TYRES' Pusiness College. 723 Market St.; •
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping-, telegraphy, ;
penmanship, English branches, etc.; Uf»
tcholar'.hip, $50: low rates per week and mo. ;
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day, !
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt. ■
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- |
Inc. mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.; j
est. 3564 VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market. j
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri- i
vate lessons. $•*> mo: top flat. 514 Hayes st.
MATHEMATICS, history. English; coaching
■ specialty; during vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience; 60c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus- I
ine«s College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
j . , —
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $123 per lot. If you are looking for a |
profitable investment or the most beautiful
location In Fruitvale for a home, see me
about these choice lots in the peering Tract,
Fruitvale aye. Terms to suit: city water;
title perfect. H. W. VIS, sole agent, room :
9, 906 Broadway, Oakland. I
PROPERTY is advancing In Oakland: busi-
ness is Rood, so wo have moved our office ■
from 464 to 452 Ninth street; if you want a
•• bargain in Oakland real estate call and see •
me. JAS. S. NAISMITH. 452 Ninth st.
$100 DOWN and only $21 per month will buy !
a new modern lVj-story cottage of 5 rooms, ;
bath room,, etc.. lot 50x100, in North Oakland, .
right in the midst of property that will double i
In value with the advent of the new ferry and
the Santa Fe road; see plans nt our new
office. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth St.,
Oakland. , .
SUM — —
REDUCED FROM $3000
IF SOLD THIS WEEK.
House. 7 rooms, bath-: lot 40x120; first-class !
neighborhood; stone walk and street work!
complete; convenient to business center.
FIRST COME FIRST SERVED.
J. S. MEYERS. 1002 Broadway;
$3750— ELEGANT new house of 8 rooms, laun- •
dry and bath; plate glass windows: beautiful- '
■ ly* tinted nickel plated open plumbing: fine I
location; large lot; all In lawn; terms can be
made reasonable. GEO. B. M. GRAY, owner,
454 Ninth st.
! MONEY to loan on houses; for sale, two nice
little cottages: Installments; for amt. loaned.;
on them. J. D. BENNETT. 90S Broadway. ;
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
Paying millinery store, $3000.
' Good-payintr lodging house, • $2000.
- .T. H. EPSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
! OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
■ furniture dewier.- 11th an.l F,-wnkHn. Oakland. i
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AKD BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 »th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BRAND-NEW, elegant 10-room house, 1
block south of University; plate glass win-
dows; porcelain bath; 2 large fireplaces;
built by day's work: complete in all details;
on high lot affording fine view of bay, etc.;
have tenant who will take lease of same at
"$4O per month; one of the finest investments
to be had.
Call or aduress
M. L. WFRTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway,
Oakland.
" BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent 'by
mail will not be. inserted. They must be banded
in at either of the rmbUcation offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COLLINS— In this city. June . 25, 1899, to the
wife of J. T. Collins, a son.
WOOLFORD— In this city, June 27, 1899, to the
wife of F. M. Woolford, a daughter.
DIED.
Bender, Ann L. Long:, Margaret J.
Brott (infant ■ Mayer. Benjamin ■
Cox, Mrs. S. S. Mitchell. Edward J
Dietle. Philip C. C. Murphy. Catherine
Edwards, Dollie Perscheld. Marie
Ericksen, Herman O. Potter, Eliza A.
Fay. Hartey Rlese, John E.
Finn. Timothy - Riley, James
Fleischman (infant) Scott. Mrs. Grace
1 Geckler. John Sicotte, Roger
Gibbons. Marie R. Snook, Harry E.
Green. Emma A. Switzer. John J.
Green. Mary Volkman. Charles
Johansen, Hannah Young, Margaret
Leak, Caroline
BENDER— In this city, July 2. 1899, Ann L.
Bender, beloved mother of Wilson S.. David
A. and Charles T. Bender, Mrs. Mary E.
. Knight. Mrs. Flora I. Laughton and Mrs.
H. M Yerlngton. and sister of Mrs. Mar-
garet E. Crocker, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 7:' years. .- -:/«»'■
C?" lnterment at Sacramento.
BROTT— In this city, July 2, 1899, infant son
of William H. and Louisa A. Brott, a native
of Ban Francisco, aged 1? days.
COX-In Oakland. July 1, 1599. Mrs. S. B. Cox,
mother of Mrs. Maggie Forrester and Mrs.
Edna P. Frank of Oakland, Mrs. Emma
Moore of Fresno County. Mrs. Laura Fay of
'West Berkeley and Harry c. Crist of Sitk,i.
Alaska, a native of Liberty, Ind., aged 63
years 4 months atjd 13 days.
I years i months and 13 days. 2. 1539, Philip
DIETLE— In San Rafael, July 2. 1899, Philip
Conrad Charles Dietle, dearly beloved hus-
band of Wfihelmlna Charlotte Dietle, and
brother of Arthur, Leopold and Ida Dietle,
a native, of California, aged > years 3 months
ami '.< day-.
EDWARDS— this city, June 30. 1898, Dollle
Edwards, a native of Louisville, Ky.. aged 28
years.
C .-'The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at -' o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr A Co., 1209 Mission street, near
I Eighth. Interment private.
EFUCKSEN— In this city. July 2, 1899*, Herman
(>.. beloved husband of Netta Ericksen, and
father of Emma and Annie Ericksen, a na-
tive of Christiania. Norway, aged 40 years 7
months and 28 days.
E7F*riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at I o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 6 Rincon avenue, between First and
Second streets, near Brannan. ■ Interment
1/aurei Hill Cemetery.
FAY— In this city, July 2, 1899, Harley Fay,
beloved brother of Mrs. Val Schmidt, Mrs.
M Fay-Banks of BreckerTMdge, Colo., and
Mrs. Emaline Wilkinson of Cambridge. Henry
County. 111., a native of St. Clalr, Mich., aged
61 years 6 months and 15 days. (Ktngman,
Ariz., papers please copy.) -•■• :'■
[7Notice of funeral hereafter.
: FINN— In this city, July I. I8S», Timothy, be-
loved husband of the late Ellen Finn, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged TO years.
t?"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 81 Boardman place, between Sixth and
Seventh streets, thence to St. Rose's Church,
Brannan street, between Fourth and Fifth,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of ids soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FLEISCHMAN-In this city. July 1, 1899, in-
fant son of M R. and Martha W. Fleischman.
aged 10 days.
GECKLER— In this city. July 1. 1899, John, be-
loved husband of the late Henrietta Geckler.
father of George and Albert Geckler and Mrs.
J. G. McDade, and grandfather of Hattie
Campbell, a native of Germany, aged 71 years
4 months and 3 "days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at L o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 473 Jessie street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence' to Odd Fellows' Hall, where
funeral services' will be held at 1:30 o'clock,
under the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13,
I. O. O. F. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. *.
GIBBONS— In this city, July 2, 1899, Marie
Raymond, wife of Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr.. a
native of Toledo. Ohio, aged 47 years.
GREEN In Sacramento, July l, 1399, Emma
A., wife of J. W. Green, a native of El Ho-
iad ' County, Cal.. aged 28 years and 1 months.
GREEN— In this city, July .'. 1899, Mary, he-
loved wife of the late John Green, a native
of County Cork. Ireland, aged 64 years.
d^" Friends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 9:30 o'clock; from her late resi-
dence 110 a Montgomery street, thence to St.
Francis Church, whore a high requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
JOHANSEN— In this city, July 1. 1899. Han-
nah Johansen. beloved mother of G. E. and
Charles A. Johansen and Frank Korsberg, a
native of Sweden, aged 7S years and 3 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. . Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery-
LEAK— In this city. July 1. 1599. Caroline, wife
of Craoo Leak, and mother of Mon Leak and
Mrs. G. L. Merguire. a native of Vermont,
aged 70 years and 6 months.
[CTFriends an 1 acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at - o'clock, from the Emmanuel
Baptist Church. Bartlett street, near Twenty-
second. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LONG— Pacific Grove. 1 June 27, 1599, Mar-
garet Jane, relict of the late Jacob Lons, a
native of lowa, aged 67 years.
MAYER— In Marysville. Cal.. July 1. 1899, Ben-
jamin, beloved husband of Eva Mayer, and
father of Alice Mayer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 39 years and 6 months. (New
York, N. V.. papers please copy.)
[C?"Fr!cnd.-J and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 916 Mission street. Interment
Home of Peace cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
MITCHELL— In this city. July 2, 1539. Edward
John, beloved son of Thomas and Theresa.
Mitchell, brother of Mary Mitchell, and
grandchild of John Mitchell, a native of Ban.
Francisco, aged 4 years and 2 months.
MURPHY— In this city, July 2. 1899, Catherine,
beloved wife of the late John F. Murphy,
mother of G. W. Murphy and Mrs. William
Hughes, and 'aunt of Miss Annie Cassidy.
Mrs T. C. Johnson, Mrs. Emma- Rue and
the Misses Louisa and Susie Murphy, a native
of County Longford. Ireland, aged 60 years.
{C7"Friunds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 5:88 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 463 Valencia street, thence to the Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be held for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PERSCHEID— In this city, July 2,. I*o9, Marie
Perscheld 'nee JoosO, dearly beloved wire of
Gustave A. Perscheld. and mother of Gup-
tave A. Jr. and Johann W. Perscheld. a na-
tive of Hausen, Baden, Germany, aged 35
years.
POTTER— Oakland, July 2. 1899, Eliza Ann
Potter, mother of Samuel. Charles and George
Potter, Mrs. Peter Pudney and tin* late Mrs.
Eliza Patter, and grandmother of Maude W.
Potter, a native of Essex. England, aged DO
years 2 months and 24 days.
RIESE— In this city, July 2. 1599. John Ernest
Riese. beloved father of Charles A. Riese,
Mrs. George Krueger and Mrs. c. c. Lint, a
• native of Germany, aged '- ■■ears and 4
-months.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
RILEY— In the City and County Hospital.
July 2, 1899, James Riley, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 21 years. ...
SCOTT— Entered Into rest. In this city. July
2. iv«:>. Mrs. Grace Scott, widow of the late
George Scott, and mother of Mrs. Gay, Mrs.
■ Griffin and Thomas,. Frank and Cephas Scott,
■ a native of Glasgow, Scotland. aged 73 years.
SICOTTE— In this city, July 1. is!-'.', Roger, be-
loved, husband of Margaret Sicotte, father of
* Frank. Willie and George Sicotte. and
1 brother of F. Sicotte of Oakland and Mrs.
. Locaillc, a native of, Canada, aged 60 years.
1. .-' i": ■:.:..;-■ and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral this day
j (Monday).- at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. .3184 Twenty-fourth street, thence to
St. Peter's emirch. Twenty-fourth and Ala-
bama streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at ■.' o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please emit" Rowers.
SNOOK— In this city, July 2, 1599, Harry E.,
beloved husband of Minnie K. Snook, father
■' of Lena- M. Snook, son of Mrs. Harry Snook,
and brother of Charles L, and William
Snook. Mrs. Ellen F. Parameter, Mrs.' Clara
Orr, Mrs. Lina Stephson of Michigan and
Mrs. Emma Marshall of Fremont, Nebr., a
I native of White Pigeon, Mich., aged 33 years
2 months and 18 days. (Michigan papers
pleaKe copy.)
SWITZER— In this city, July 1, 1599. John J..
»dearly beloved husband of Sophie Switzer. and
father of John 8., Anna, Lena, Fred and Ed-
ward Switier and Mrs. S. c. Symon, a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 56 years 10 months
and 2S days. (New York, and Boston papers
please copy.)
tu?"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 612 Missouri street, thence to Masonic
Hall. Fourteenth street and Railroad avenue.
South San Francisco, where funeral services
will be held, under the auspices of South San
Francisco Lodge No. 212. F. and A. M.. com-
mencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
VOLKMAN— In this city, July 2. 1599. Charles.
dearly beloved son of Paul and May Volkman,
and grandson of Charles and Bel! Porter, a
native of San Francisco, a^-ed 1 year and 8
days.
(C7"Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, SOS^ Langton street, between
Seventh and Eighth, -Bryant and Brannan.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
YOUNG— In Baden, June 30, 1839, Margaret,
beloved wife of George Young. . a native of
Liverpool, England, aged 51 years 3 months
and 7 days.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day'
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1 Hansbrough block, Baden.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. •
■ ■ i.-.i.— .— —^^
1,/Vlc/W/OY dfc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERB.
1235 Market St.. between sth and 9th.
::-••-■ Telephone. • South 247.
910
FRANCHISE THEFTS
WILL BE DEFEATED
Collins Will Join the Minority
Against the Big Steal.
Heyer lias a Change of Heart and Wiil Vote Against
the Monopoly -Predicament of the Street
Committee- -Another Victory.
THB cowardice of Supervisor Al- !
Heyer will avail him nothing,
and fortunately will not injure
the city. The projected franchise
..i" the Market Street Rail
way ' will not b< a< e,>n, ■
of the Board
of Supervise lay the theft of the
Importani street privileges will be de-
Six members of the board axe
jly opposed to the scheme,
hese votes are enough to kill the
i visor < 'ollius has Joined
>n this Important ques
tion and his vote will divide the board
■ !>'■
■ ns declares that he has been op
the Grant avenue loop and
will vote against it it" it con
on before the entire board
[ n this connection a most
curious confusion has arisen. The
members of the Street Committee claim
that they do not know whether or not
they have recommended the obnoxious
iiises for adoption. It is not by
any means a certainty, therefore, 1 h it
the Street Committee will urge the
franchises to-day for adoption.
As a matter of fact the members of
the Street Committee did not vote in
dividually on Thursday to recommend j
the four franchises for adoption. After 1
thf* several advocates of the measures
had finished talking the chairman of !
declared that he pre- !
sumed there was no objection to the ■
franchises that were asked for by the
railroad company. No member of the
committee made an objection and the
clerk arrived at a perfectly legiti
mate conclusion that the committee
favored the franehis- s.
• rvisor Collins, who is a mem
ber of the Street Committee, says that
ht- was absent from the room at this
critical moment and when he returned
h'' was informed that nothing of im
portance had been done. This asser
tion of Collins, coupled with his antag- j
onism to the four franchises, places a j
very different light upon the matter.
Supervisor Kalben, who is also a mem
ber of the Street Committee and was
absent at the meeting on Thursday, in
likewise opposed to the franchise steal.
Supervisor Attridge, another member
of the Street Committee, will not say
that he is in favor of the thefr.
Under these circumstances it is very j
unlikely that the committee will r
Its conclusions which were so strangely
adopted. If a recommendation is ma<Je
It will, a^ aln-ady indicat -d. be defeat
ed, as Supervisors Perrault, Lackmann,
Byfcngton, Deasy, Kalben and Collir?a
jvill oast their votes against it.
In speaking about the matter yester
day Supervisor Collins was emphatic in
his opposition i" the proposed fran
chises. If the people want the fran
chise they can wait, he believes, until
the operation of the new charter. Su
pervisor Collins was seen ;ji Mill V.i!- '
ley ;!7ni spoke as follows:
"Last -Thursday, when the matter "f
franchises came up before the board,
I was out in the ante-room. < m my re
turn to the board room they told im*
tlvy had been taken under advisement!
and no recommendation whatever
made, [f they were recommended
afterward I know nothing abotit H. I '
know Lyn< h asked for that Grant ave
nue and Bush street business. 1 voted
against it last week and will votn
against it again. I Intend to cxi
n^y views at the proper time. 1 am ;
Chinawarc
If it's
Up-to-Date CMnaware
you want —
Try
Great Aißerican Importiße; Tea Go's
Have ioo Stores —
That's Why
Quality so Good
Prices so Reasonable .
STORES*
661 Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
]40 Sixth St. 705 Larkin St
2510 Mission St. 1419 Polk St.
3000 Sixteenth St. 1819 Devisadero St.
1 40 Ninth St. 52 1 Montgomery ay.
355 Hayes St. 218 1 bird st;
2732 24th St- .('2HS Mission St.
2008 Fillmorc St. ' 500 Kcarny St.
52 Market Street Headquarters.
OAKLAND STORKS:'
!053WashinstonS>t. 1185 23d Aye.
1237 Broadway. 616 K. Twelfth St. .
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMKDA— I3SS Park St. .
SAN KAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
against it: I don't think It is the
proper 'thing. That Is not the fran
chise- that was originally railed the
•corkscrew,' and I don't see why we
should stick that in there. 1 tun op
posed to it for the present. If the
charter is going into effect let the city
g-et the benefit of these franchises."
This settles the matter definitely.
The gigantic steal has been prevented
and the city will retain the valuable
privileges <>f its streets for legitimate
competition, li is fortunate that to
day is Che last day upon which the
great theft might have been accom
d. the time limit has been
reached. The business men nnd prop
erty owners of the northern and south
ern parts of the town will . receive the
road for which they have persistently
agitated and the raid of the monopoly
has been rendered fruitless.
Supervisor Heyer has come to the
conclusion that he has had time enough
in which to investigate thoroughly the
whole franchise problem. He does not
want to learn anything more about the
affair. n-« he is now convinced that the
franchises should not be granted. Ac-
cordingly he pays lie will vote against
them t<>-day. He wan seen last nicht
and declared that ho had. reached a de
cision against the proposed franchise.
If he keeps his word his vote will be
tli" seventh, one more than is neces
sary to defeat the iniquitous measure.
Another victory has been registered for
the people.
NIPPON MARU IS.
DOCKED AT LAST
SHE WILL DISCHARGE AND
LOAD IN FOUR DAYS.
Robbery on the Water Front — Steam
er Jeanie Sails for St. Michael.
San Pedro Arrives.
The thoroughly disinfected steamer
Nippon Maru went back to th<- Mail
dock yesterday afternoon. She was fumi
gated l>y the United States quarantine
officials and Bent from Angel I .-land to
hf-r dock. The State Board of Trade or
<i<T>Vi h'-r Into the stream for another
fumigating, and this has now been done
to the satisfaction of State Quarantine
Officer Cohen. All th<> laws have now
obeyed, and as there can be i i > •
chanc< of contagion the work of dis
charging the vessel began early this
morning. The work of discharging
and loading will go on day and
night, and it is hoped to get the vessel
away on her return trip to the Orient by
next Friday. By that time her officers
an i crew will be out of quarantine If no
;.• w . asea break out, and they will at
once rejoin their ship.
Rossi <• i n < 1 Ratto's sain. >n at I'm", Wash
ington street was burglarized Saturday
night and a dozen bottles of whisky, 200
cigars and some small change stolen. The
Harbor Police are <>n the trail of the
robbers.
The steamer Jeanle. under charter to
the Alaska Commercial Company, sailed
for Bt. Michael yesterday. She took
awaj ;i number of passengers and a very
large cargo. Among tin- latter was a con
siderable quantity of hay and lumber.
The steamer CoquiUe River arrived
a Harbor yesterday with the
steamer San Pedro In tow. The latter is
a new vessel and conies here to have her
machinery put in.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
The usual routine for the entertainment
of pleasure-seekers was followed at the
park and Cliff House yesterday. At both
places bunds rendered select programmes,
the people. walked and drove and wheeled,
and so passed the day. But one accident
occurred at the park. George Harvey,
who resides at 405 Minna street, was th ■
victim of a bicycle collision. The identity
of the other man was not learned. He
escaped without injury. Harvey, how
ever, struck the ground with great force,
and besides sustaining a serious lacera
tion of the lip was rendered unconscious.
Ho was taken to the Park Hospital;
where it was found that he was suffering
from concussion, but he recovered suffi
ciently in the course of a few hours to L>v
removed to his home.
A big crowd as usual gathered at the
Chutes, children of all sorts and ages be
ing, in the majority, and each one of these
youngsters was presented with a "Dtwey
gun. The vaudeville theater and the
many attractions were crowded to their
fullest capacity, all the -visitors passing
a pleasant day. Many additional attrac
tions have been prepared for the Fourth,
Including a balloon ascension by Mark' -
berg, and the biggest crowd of the sea
son is expected. "*, >
The results of the contests at Sutro's
Baths areas follows: Fifty-yard dash—
James Mugan first. E. Perry second. 100
--yard dash— Edward Ralston first, H. IS.
Seebacn second. 100-yard special— Won
by R. I)ahl. Springboard diving— Won by
J. A. Laird. Hich diving— Won by C.
Donovan. Tub race— "Won by \V. Durn
field.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 3, 1899.
SHOT DOWN AS
SHE SCREAMED
FOR ASSISTANCE
Mrs. Sanchez Killed in
a Saloon.
A SUNDAY MORNING TRAGEDY
EDUARIKD MUSCAT SPED THE
FATAL BULLET.
Made a Feeble Attempt to Kill Him
self While His Victim Was
Writhing in Her Last
Agony.
Mrs. Sofia Sebastlana Sanrhez. aged 22
years, was shot and killed yesterday
morning in Blanken's saloon at the cor
ner of Broadway nnd Kearny street by
■ Eduardo Muscat, with whom she had
i been consorting?. A buUet from his re
volver entered her mouth as she was in
the act "f screaming for help. It plowed
its way upward through the hones of her
skull, making Its exit on the top of her
head She died a few minutes later at the
Harbor Receiving Hospital. After shoot
ing the woman, Muscat turned the re
volver against himself, but, probably
through cowardice, nis aim was so bad
that he missed his head and shot twice
through his hat. He is at the City Prison.
charged with murder.
Muscat's fear that the woman was on
tha point Of deserting him seems to have
been the motive for the crime, although
he said after the shooting that the fatal
quarrel arose from the fact that Mrs.
Sanchez, having been informed by him
that he was k »h,k to leave her. had re
fused to return jewelry she had taken
fr Muscat"iß a Russian, 34 years old. and
first met Mrs. Sanchez last January at
Vallejo At that time he was a fireman ;
i on the United States collier Nero and she
1 an habitue of Senorita Shaffe's dance hall,
501 Pennsylvania avenue. A month ago
Muscat says, he came to this city to get
rid of the woman, although telegrams!
found in her trunk tell a different story.
At any rate, i he couple took a room at the
New Montreal House. 1300% Stockton!
i street "kept by P. Casavielle. They quar
reled so incessantly and Muscat a
the woman to such an extent that the pro
prietor gave them notice last ihut>d.i\
that they would have to move. „„„_, '
.\t 9 'cluck yest.-rday morning Muscat ,
and Mrs. Sancliez entered Blankens place j
and called for drinks, which were served
by the proprietor, who immediately wen..
about his business, paying no particular
: attention to them. Occasionally he heard
loud words, but could not make out their
import. Finally about 11 o'clock Muscat
borrowed 25 cents from him. and after
another drink went out with Mrs. San
chez. In a short time the woman re
turned, being followed almost Immediate
ly by Muscat.
"Keep that man away from me." ex
claimed Mrs. Sanchez to Blanken. point
ing to Muscat. "Keep him away."
Muscat brushed by her and went into
the bar through the swinging door.
Blanken went In to advise Muscat to
leave Mrs. Sanchez alone and to give her
the opportunity he thought she desired
of Slipping away. Instead of doing so,
however, the woman followed the grocer
Inside and stood in front of the bar as if
to resume an interrupted conversation.
Blanken left the quarreling couple to
go into the front of the store, but had |
not been there more than a. minute when I
he heard a shot. Rushing through the
door, he saw Muscat tire the second time,
the muzzle of his revolver being within
a few inches of the woman's mouth.
As Mrs. Sanchez fell on the floor. Mus
cat directed the revolver against his own
head and pulled the. trigger, emitting a
yell as it exploded and falling to the
Hour. Blanken, although an old man. I
jumped on the murderer and grabbed the I
weapon. Still yelling, Muscat pulled the
trigger twice, before; the revolver was
taken from him by the storekeeper.
By this time Officers Haggett and Fowle
had arrived. They placed Muscat, who
was supposed to be mortally injured, un
der arrest and sent for the patrol wagon.
Dr. J. H. O'Connor was summoned from
the County Jail, and, hoping to save the
woman's life, had her sent to the Harbor i
Receiving Hospital, where she died before
they could get her on the operating I
table. Her body was taken to the Morgue.
By this time it had been ascertained
that Muscat was not wounded at all.
He was taken to the City Prison and
booked for murder. Dr. Rice of the Re
ceiving Hospital made an examination of
him and found that he had four scratches
on his face and it few slight powder
burns. A hole in the rim of his hat and
two in the crown showed where his mis
directed bullets had sped.
The prisoner was taken later before
Captain of Detectives Bohen, where he
•was warned that anything he might say
would be used against him. He answered
that he was ready to tel! all he knew. He j
said he was born in Odessa, Russia,
thirty-four years ago. and after knocking
around the world considerably had gone
into the navy as fireman and made one
trip on the Nero to Manila. On. his re- j
turn to this country he received his dis
charge. He said he met Mrs. Sanchez
last January at Vailejo, but tiring of her
he left her and- came alone to this city,
where she followed him. Resolving, how
ever, to get rid of the woman he re
enlisted in the navy and was to go away
on the Albatross. ;He told this to Mrs.
Sanchez, he said, and it made her
furious.
A few days ago, Muscat continued, the
woman had stolen from him a silver
watch, a chain and a gold pin and $42
in money, which she refused to return
to him. While she was with him in
Blanken' saloon, she scratched his face |
in her rage, and threw a glass at him; |
also offering to go down the street and
purchase a knife with which he could kill
her. Muscat .remembered having the re
volver in his pocket, but professed to
know nothing of the shooting.
Mrs. Sanchez was a very good looking
young woman, and is said to have come
of a good family in Mazatlan, Mexico.
Her maiden name "was Valdez. Her hus
band, Antonio Sanchez, and a 6-year-old
son are in Mexico.
The famous old JESS^rMOOTftT WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
. ♦ .
The Son of His First v/ife.
C. Merkle, the father of Christopher i
Bferkle, the burglar who boldly departed !
from the midst of guards and deputy
sheriffs in Judge Lawlor's courtroom Sat- i
urday, wishes it understood that his way
ward son is not the offspring of his pres
ent Wife. The convict's mother iiaa been \
(if-Hil about fourteen years. The father is i
very much exercised over his son's con- j
tlnued lapses from the straight and nar- i
row way. The poor old man has noth
ing but Words of the strongest condemna
tion for the hardened criminal.
DODGE CAUSES HAVOC
AMONG THE MERCHANTS
The Personal Property Assessments
Enormously Increased.
Assessor Advances City and County Values Millions of
Dollars — Some of the Tax Evaders That
Were Caught in the Raid.
DR. WASHINGTON DODGE, the
Assessor of San Francisco, has
completed the assessment roll of
the city and county and is ready
to submit for inspection a docu
ment that will startle' the community.
The Assessor has increased enormously
the personal property assessments of
merchants, business men and capital
ists. In some instances the assessment
for this year is thousands of times
greater than it was for the last fiscal
year. The figures in detail will as
tound the people of the city, for a
casual inspection will demonstrate that
hundreds of merchants have heretofore
es-aped their just obligation to the cits
and have shifted to the shoulders of
others the burdens that belonged to
them.
It is out of the question to compare
the assessments of last year and this
; year fn detail, hut over eighty typical
examples have been chosen and they
illustrate with absolute certainty not
only that an equitable division of com
munity burdens has been made this
year, but that behind the assessment
of last year a great public scandal
lurked. It should not be forgotten that
in the comparisons that will follow
I reference is mad' 1 only to personal
property assessment.
Assessments on real property are not
discussed, as the Assessor is not yet in
a position to give thorn and they pos
sess no particular significance. Th>
enormous increases have been made in
personal property. In real property
the changes made by the Assessor are
few and unimportant.
In comparing eighty-seven personal
property assessments of last year with
the assessments "f this year on the
same property a startling condition ><f
facts is revealed. The total assessment
for the personal property of those
eighty-seven persons, corporations and
firms" was $3,515,056 last year. The ;ts
s^ssnient for the same firms, persons
and corporations for this year was
58.415.210. It may readily be seen,
therefore, that fraud or negligence
marked the first assessment.
No attempt will be made to deny this
accusing fact, as nearly all of the per
sons, firms and corporations have al
ready paid their taxes upon the as
sessed valuation of their personal prop
erly as fixed by Assessor Dodge. These
eighty-seven firms will pay taxes on
an assessed valuation which is $2,903,
--lf>4 greater this year, or nearly double
what it was last year.
The result of this enormous increase
is at once apparent. The total as
sessed valuation <^f city and county
property is enormously increased. As
it increases the rate of taxation de
creases and Dodge estimates that the
rate of $1,073 adopted by the Finance
Committee of the Board of Supervisor?
will be reduced at. least 5 cents on the
dollar, making the lowest taxation in
many years.
Nor is this all. In the matter of
bonds of a quasi-public character and
of corporations the Assessor expects to
add assessable values aggregating $20,
--000,000 to his roll. The Attorney Gen
eral is expected at any moment to ren
der a decision telling whether or not
these bonds may be taxed. This mat
ter has rested in doubt for fifteen years
and a decision is now anxiously
awaited. It was promised last Friday
and is again promised for to-day. It
is perhaps interesting to note that the
Assessor has already collected $500,000
!In personal property taxes, which is
$100,000 more than his predecessor col
lected for the entrre preceding year.
Some of the Individual increases de
serve more than passing comment.
The tax evaders have had a very bad
case of consternation. Mose Gunst. for
example, has been raised from $11,240
to $26 500. '"• P- Huntington. that
shirker of all legitimate obligations,
has had his personal property ass. ss
CHURCH OF ST. JOHN
WELCOMES ITS PASTOR
Rev. G. G. Eldridge Chosen to Fill
an Important Mis
sion.
Yesterday afternoon services were held
in St. John's Presbyterian Church, corner
of Octavia and California streets, the oc
casion being the installation of Rev. G. G.
KMridß*\ St. John's new pastor. Rev.
James NVoodworth performed the offices
of mod. rater, the sermon was preached
by Rev. H. N. Bevier. the charge
to the pastor was gl\en by Rev. H S.
Wheeler and thp charge to the people by
Rev. R. W. Reynolds.
The services brought out a large at
tendance, as the church has been without
a pastor for the past two years, and all
the parishioners wire eager to welcome
Dr. Klurtdge. whose fame has preceded
him to the city.
Dr E'.dridge. although a young man,
has already made his mark In the ecclas
tical world. Graduating with high hon
ors from the San Anselmu Presbyterian
Seminary some four or live years ago. he
was cailed to the pastorate of Vacavuie.
There he rapidly acquired such a reputa
tion for eloquence and general f ability
that the congregation of St. Jopn s iook-
Ins around i"r some one to take charge
of the church, came to the conclusion that
none could so well fill the important posi
tion as the young minister who was yes-
e Gre.at things are looked for from Dr.
Fldridee who has entered upon his pas
torate under the happiest of auspices.
DR. THORNE'S ACCIDENT.
Nearly Loses a Leg as a Result of
Jumping On a Car.
For the fact that, in time, he will be
able to walk .around again on two good,
sound legs, young Dr. Walter Thome
must give thanks to good blood, a sound
constitution and the skillful ministrations
of his brother physician. Dr.. Frank
Thompson. Luck had nothing to do with
Dr. Thome's sorry plight is due to the
fact that on the 3d of last month he tried
to board a Jones street car while it was in
motion, and failed. In falling he scraped
his ahin bone in the vicinity of the knee.
At the time nothing was thought of the
matter, as it was considered only a pain
ful bruise, which in time would heal o£ it-
Bel :», v - • ■
But a* the days went by the wound, in
r'A.'r *; ■' ' -• ■. • .•'■'. v
ment increased from $16,320 to $40,000
and probably thinks he is getting off
easily. Sanford Sachs hasn't recovered
from the shock yet. His assessment
was raised from the ridiculous figure
of $100 to $25,000. James L. Flood will
pay upon a basis of $29,500 instead of
$5000. The Southern Pacific Company
will try to justify its evil existence by
paying on a basis of $153,100, instead of
$46,750. Herrin must be out of town.
The American Bank and Trust Com
pany escaped last year with an assess
ment of $37,414. This year it will pay
on a basis of $159,702.
Among the more important of the
others are the following: Carrau &
Green, from $1800 to $30,000; Baldwin
Jewelry Company, from $7000 to $70,000;
M. J. Brandenstein, from $3380 to
$110,000: •'. M. Plum & Co., from $5215
to $40,000; Meyerstein & Co., from
$19,050 to $50,000; S. Bachman, fron»
$60,250 to $100,000; W. P. Morgan, from
$4175 to $23,872; L. Elkus & Co., from
$1700 to $33,905; H. Liebes. from $46,055
to $179,258: Goodall, Perkins & Co., from
$2600 to $11.551 ; Murphy, Grant & Co.,
from $460,130 to $621,177.
The full list of eighty-seven changes
arc as follows:
j Carrau & Green ,
j Baldwin Jewelry Co ;
Braunswelger A.- Co
I Greenbaum. Weil & Michaels.
Haas Bros j
H. Levi A Co ,
M. .1. Brandensteln & Co
C. M. Plum & Co ;
Franklin & Pro j
Kalin Bros., Klein & Co j
Rosenthal, Feder & Co I
California Wine Association..
Lnohman & Jacob! j
j Siebe Bros. & Plageman !
i Wilmerding, Loewe A; <'.> I
Reos Bros
Meyersteln & Co
J. Baumgarten & Co I
Chas. Mattheas & Co I
S. Baohman.,
American Bank and Trust Co.
M. Scbusaler & Co i
W. P. Morgan I
<;. Aranson i
T. Brillant
i Macondray & Co
C P. Huntington
Davis. Schonwaaaer & Co
L. Elkus & Co I
San ford Sachs I
A. Flelshacker \
James L. Flood *..•!
Southern Pacific Railroad j
Simon Silverdlng :
Tried & Co
H. Llet.es I
Mau, Sadler & Co
Mendei.son Bros I
Daniel Meyer
Neville & Co j
Pacific Sheet Metal Co
Raphael (Inc.) ;
Redlngton. A Co I
Roth. Blum & Co
Sachs Bros I
L. Saroni & Co I
Schweitzer & Co ...... j
Stein." Simon & Co
D N. & B. Walters
Raphael. Well & Co I
Rlnaldo Bros
Pa ttoslen Co
B. Horn
Alphonse .hi. lis
Goodall, Perkins & Co
Goldstone Bros
Man. Pi, Purser * Weiner
Abramson-Heunsch Co I
Murphy, Grant & Co
M. Friedman & Co
M. a. Qunat & Co 1
A. Andrews '
Bare Bros
i Bauer Bros i
California Powder Co
'..hen. Hlrsch & Co
Zellerbach & Son [
Adelsdorfer & Brandensteln... :
Mlchalitschke Bros. & Co |
Son Bros I
Rosenthal <Inc.)
Tillmann & Bendel j
alack & Co I
Levi Strauss A- Co ,
L. Dlnkelapiel & Sons {
W. H. Nolan & Co i
M. Eh r man & Co :
Coghlll & Cohen I
Charles Lyons ;
Gets Pros '
Harris Bros. & Co j
Heller. Baohman & Go
Hoffman, Rothschild & Co —
1. Kline & Co j
Kohiberg, Strauss & Frohman
NAMES.
>
MO
<x x
?i
§jj3
• o
$1,800
7,000
5,865
32,900
63.435
60,550
3,380
6.215
17,725
22,670
14,446
162,402
64.285
34.356
19,380
' 35,650
19,050
*- x
s «
, ■
S3
So
; 3
: o
$30.0n0
70,000
12,000
75,010
125,000
128,718
110,00-1
44.000
6", 575
I
30,"
255.1
31*.
32,'
2,460 10,550
60,250 100,000
37.414 159,702
13,390 40.000
4.175! 23.872
5.600 13,600
. 2,0001 '.■■"
5.0001 24.400
16.320' 40.000
9.200 25,000
1.7.v» 33,905
100! 25.000
4.762 10,457
5,000 29.500
46.780 153.100
3.375 12,000
22.835 40.0.10
46.055 179.258
22,8651 35.000
8.620 31 0 »i
, 141.860 373.210
42.100 60,00.)
62.072 95.125
" 30.295 39.615
143.452 173.982
16.000 35,000
107, 200,000
9.850 16,000
41.610 95.000
66,400 100.000
130.000 175.001
150.000 175.00)
12,001 1 30,000
9,510 20,56.8
3.570 53.565
2.825 15.335
2.600 11.551
5.50) 16.000
10,000 20,000
20,96*) 42,0»
I 460,130 621.177
27,500 45.000
11,240 25,50)
10,000 23.500
15,100 25.000
36.550 70.000
; 112,869 201,000
14,80) 30.000
28.275 47.000
6.250 19.734
13.66"! 30.000
20,225 42,360
22,090 42,500
I 1P6.fi7.-. 126.000
41.076 .85.000
1 399,. 500,000
38,300 4.-,. 1K:.
15,480 20.00)
29,165 ; 40.00)
24,124 28.000
10,000 18,00)
20,100 31.282
10,589 :. 18.000
49,850 90.000
. 30,700 75.000
23,705 35.000
22,500 40.000
i53.515,066|56,415,210
I
50,00
40,001
10,55'
100,000
159,70!
40.0<X
13,600
10,000
24.400
lO.ll'M.
25.000
33,905
25.000
10,457
1 Totals • \i
stead of healing, grew worse. An examin
ation revealed the fact that the bone was
so badly injured as to make an operation
accessary. Consequently. Dr. Thome en
| tered the hospital ami submitted to hav
| ing his leg opened and the bone scraped.
; The injured limb mended so slowly that
: it was thought that it would be necessary
I to remove several Inches of the bone and
: substitute wire. It has been decided, how
ever, thai the besl results will be obtained
by the removal of about an Inch of de
cayed bone, which will be taken from his
shin, leaving an indenture which, how
ever, time ;:n« nature will eventually till
| in. making: the leg as good as ever.
In ihe Interval the doctor Is forced to
remain on his bed suffering- untold torture
a;i«l unable to console himself with the
knowledge of just when he may obtain his
release.
Dr. Thorne. one of the foremost of the
younger generation of physicians in this
city, has a host of friends who will sym
pathize with him in his misfortune.
SERMON ON THE HIDDEN
SPRING OF INFLUENCE
' Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson Talks
of the Leaven of
Christianity.
At the Howard-street Methodist Epis
'■ copal Church Chaplain Allenswortb
i preached to a large congregation in the
i morning. At night the pastor. Rev. Dr.
John A. B. Wilson, preached on "The
Hidden Spring of Influence" from Matt.
' xiii ::;:!. "The kingdom of heaven is like
unto leaven- which a woman took and hid
; In three measures of meal until thf whole
; was leavened," saying in part:
The simplicity of the Savior's methods at-
I trarts us. While others sought for things that
! were new and strange and that would glorify
i their own scholarship Jesus took the most
i commonplace and best understood things In life
i and made them vehicles for conveying the
! fundamental principles of his system. The
1 kingdom of God. that is, the kingship of God.
la human life; the principles of Its entrance,
i dominion and domination are like unto yeast
] which a woman mixed with flour until it had
j so imparted Its nature to the body that the
J whole was risen to a condition which made
good bread possible out of the combination.
The object of the woman Is to produce good
bread, nnd the object of the antitype is to bring
a human life under the absolute control of tne
divine principles of government.
■ ♦ ■
Rag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp & Street, tamale Grotto: nightly.. •
- » ♦ ■ . • -
The Brooklyn Bridge has contracted Uy>
feet since it was opened to the public.
ADVERTISEMENTS^^ _~™_^.
Mil V Q AI F9
iIULT OMLLO.
' - -__ •_
During this month our customers
will find Extraordinary Bargains
in all our Departments.
FOURIEXTRAyALUES.
taffetaTskirts.
15 dozen LADIES* TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS (extra quality),
with 4 ruffes on each, in the following colors: Purples
Cyrano New Blue, Cardinal, Lavender. Cerise and
Price $6 Each.
Good value for $8.50.
GALATEA CLOTH. .- , .
3 cases ENGLISH PRINTED GALATEA, full 29 inches wide,
in fancy stripes and plain colors.
Price 12k: Yard.
Worth 20c.
FRENCH ORGANDIES.
50 pieces PRINTED FRENCH ORGANDIES, in a splendid
assortment of new floral designs, goods full 32
Price 12^c Yard.
Regular price 20c Yard.
MERSIL LININGS.
150 pieces GENUINE MERSIL DRESS LININGS (36 inches
wide), in all the new colors, such as New Blues, Greens,
Purples, Turquoise, Cyrano and Black.
Price 12k: Yard.
Good value for 20c Yard.
NOTE...
We will also continue this week our Special Sal© -
of FINE WHITE EMBROIDERIES.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
RESIDENTS WILL
TRY TO CLOSE
THE NYMPHIA
Nightly Revelries and
No Molestation.
UNITED ACTION AGAINST IT
FATHER CARAHER SFEAKS FOR
HIS PARISH.
All Religions and Creeds Will Come
Together to Put an End to
the Open Illicit
Traffic.
Despite the protests of n justly indig
nant and wrathful public, the Nymphia,
a lodgment for degraded .-women, is an
established fact. All efforts to re
move these outcasts from the thickly
populated portion of the town have so far
been a complete failure as the present
traffic proves. Rut thn inhabitants of the
north end of the town will soon act and
employ every legal measure to remove
this new blot upon their section of the
city. The feeling of opposition to this
ground-Moor hotel on Pacific and Stock
i ton streets is augmenting hour by hour.
It will nut be long before some drastic
measures are adopted to put an end to
the institution, and the people are now
waiting' for the call to bring them to
gether in general mass meeting.
During the construction of the build-
I ing Father Caraher of St. Francis Parish
' fought the builders and owners at every
move. He was partially successful in his
; endeavors to prevent the incursion of
these femmea dv pave into his district.
On Saturday night last the alley was
' opened to visitors and remains so at the
i present time.
There has been a general disposition
■ among the clergy of every denomination
in that part of the city to unite and fight
the matter to a conclusion. In this conneo
i tion Father Caraher said last night:
I did not know that this place was
opened, as I have been very busily en
gaged in spiritual affairs. If it is so, that
Is the signal for a systematic and gen
eral opposition to its continuance. We will
meet In a general assembly in the ver •
near future — representatives of all
churches and creeds. This thing must not
be endured, and the people of this district
will not suffer It.
Of course, there are some people who
favor It. but they are not the morally <?ood
people. The great majority will fight it
bitterly. The fact that this so-called
Nymphla is now in nightly operation forces
us to do all in our power to remedy the
evil, which can only be done by compet
ing the denizens to remove from their
houses of shame and pollution. In this
1 voice ihe spirit of the people living
within the bounds of my parish. [t may
take a few days before we collect our
forces, hut when we do there will be a
concert of action. This so-called Nymphia
breeds degradation, vice, sin and the rot
ting of the soul.
Methodist Church Dedicated.
STOCKTON. July 2.— The Epworth
Methodist Episcopal Chapel in the Fair
Oaks was dedicated this morning, mak
ing the fourth Methodist Church of the
city. Rev. Robert Trevarrow delivered
the address, and the following pro
gramme was given: Voluntary. Mr?.
Miller; congregational hymn; pi»ayer by
pastor; duet, Arthur Codd and Mrs.
Miller; "History of Chapel," Miss Mary
Dixon; financial statement, Frank Dur
rand: quartt-t song. A. ('odd, D. Miller,
Mrs. Miller and Miss Miller; address,
"Our Cordial Principals," the pastor:
song by congregation; doxolngy and
benediction.
gOLDBERG
BDWEM
& CO
New Tea* Arrived
Japan
English Breakfast
A
Ceylon
Following our list of specials we
quote a few every day prices; read
them over
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
EggS— fresh dozen 20c
Coffee— Pasha blend 2 lbs 55c
Pure, fresh roasted— reg'ly 35c
BaCOn— Ferris 16c
This brand maintains the highest
reputation for quality and uniformity
—reg'ly 18c lb
Tomato Catsup— 15c
Made in New York by
Gordon & Dilworth
Our bottling— reg'ly 20c bottle
Baking Powder— Excelsior 30c
I You save money and
lots of disappointment c iv $j ->c
by using this brand 3ID **
reg'ly 40c and $1 50
Sauterne— g b & Co's doz $4 00
rich, fruit}', sweet and dry
reg'ly $5 00
Lantern Candles dozen 10c
Will burn 3 hours
Box of 480— 53. 75
At random from our catalogue
OFCX whiskey $i oo Yin Tonlque Marian! $i oo
Listerine— bottle 65 Florida Water M* L 45
Eagle Milk 15 Imperial Granum 60
Fpps' Cocoa jo Malted Milk 40c an! t$
heatena 30 Pearllne siz« 10
; Nestles Food 45 Alma Shoe Polish 15
I X L Tamales (Chicken) doz 81 10
Hunvadi Janos Water— bottle 25
Kraft's Chocolate (Vigor) Ib Oo
Your summer vacation will prove
both pleasant and profitable if you con-
sult our country department. Mail
orders carefully executed here
Ait Pii.e 215 Suiter aSoo California San Francl»c«
107; Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
London Smoke
Glasses
Eye protectors for the summer season. They
can be had in any style or shape. Including
those witn tli» new clip— never slips. tilts or
wavers. Kodaks and photographic supplies.
DEVELOPING AND PRINTING.
Bausch & Lomb-Zeiss Stereo FI«M Glasses.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on preai»
lacs. Quick repairing. .Phone Main 10.
..... WOO* scientific A
642. Market St. instruments
unaiß CmoniCi» nimnwi.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect -digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. ■■'.;
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
, T,lver. Bowels, . Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 2oc a box. At Druggists,
or by mall. . RADWAY & CO., New York.