VOLUME LXXXVT— NO. 12.
"VIVE LOUBET!" CRIES
THE PARIS POPULACE
PA III?. Juno 11.— President Loubet
has had his revanche for last
Sunday's outrage at Auteuil.
When he drove to Longjchamps
to-di y t" :ittend the Grand
Prix he iv as the hero of a great
•nstration. expressing it
n one form or another along the
w hole route from ;he EQlysee palace to
ourse.
He remained only a quarter of an
hour, jusi ■ ugh to witness the
. and, having congratulated the
owner of the winner, returned to the
he arrived about 4 o'clock
• ! special Incident.
revia mist and Socialist organ?
■ "nt-ii their readers to assemble
. - the thoroughfares to be traversed
f the i'r.-sident and his party, and
the hour of noon thousands of
•nstrators set out from Mont
tre, Belleville and other working
class quarters in ni.- r . organized bands,
all wearing a Binall artificial red flow
i r in the buttonhole, and marched
P rip. taking up positions along
the Avenue dcs Champs Elysees and
s de Boulogne.
They gave M. Loubet a tremendous
ovation, confining their cries almost en
tirely to "Vive Loubet" and "Vive la
■
Th»- • •! not hear a dis
< c/rdant cry, although there were one or
two re and after h<
pass i ■ the police and an Reca
ll hot-headed anti-Dreyfusite who
t:i<d 1" shout "A has Loubet" and was
immediately pounced upon by a stal
v. art policeman.
Although the visit p;-,ss.-d off quietly,
• - pared for every
ty, the win-!.- district between
Elysee and Longchamps literally
Ing with troops and police. A po
st at ioned every dozen
the whole route and there
::-'!is of dragoons armed with
. mounted Republican guards
I irtant points, while through
■v-> of the Hois, on each
f enue, i i uld be seen heavy
!>d and blue, denoting the
of detachments of soldiers
ting orders..
Longchamps r^svmbled a military
Battalions of infantry, squad
rons _ • nsand Republican guards
were distributed all around the course.
]t is estimated that there were 15,000
soldiers and police under arms.
M. Loubel practically drove through
;■ double bedge of steel. A line of in
fantry even stood around the race
course, ; the public and the
course, "v which no <me was allowed to
v.iik between the races, while several
Republican guards patrolled the course,
the Elyaee at 2
k in an open landau, with M Du
puy, ih^> Premier, beside him. and Gen
:^ailloud, chief of the Presidential
household, and Major Bon, lieutenant
■ 1! ;.-• Artillery, attached to
tic- person of the I'r-si.:
lame Loubet followed in a b
landau, after which rode the Presiden
'• h other carriages. Th»- fa
outrider Montjarred preceded M.
Loubet, whose landau was drawn by
horses, with a couple ■■»' postilions,
■ ted by a picked body of cvi-
I All were men of tin.- physique
plendid ■ ade, with
Hi- fiery sun glinting on their bur
nished steel breastplates and h.-lmets.
tli>- latter surmounted with th>- i•• i
cockade and trailing the black h..rs.-
hair plun
The two leading cuirassiers rode, re
volvers in hand, with fingers on the
triggers and carefully watched each
of the road, while beside the car
riage rode a mounted policeman, ren
:: it absolutely impossible for any
i'. approach him.
• in arriving at the race <-ours-- ■
;.ir.nr drove through the pad
t" the Presidential box.
Municipal guards and police lined
the path across the paddock. i>nnns
and trumpets blared when Lou
het appeared in the froni of the box
I ene of the wildest enthusiasm
iwed, lasting several minutes,
an uproar of shouts of "Vive
bet!" and "Vive la K^publirpie!"
h s. ttled finally into a monotonous
• nt.
■;!,■ t bowing and smil
■ ith Mme. Loubet at his side
n lace dress. A portion r* the
1 in :!)•• paddock shook Jims, ura
brellas and sticks at the smartly
i | pi.- in the Jockey club
adjoining (he President's box.
Ib mon, beyond returning dis
ful glances, made no retort,
w M. Loubet and his party was so com
! by guards nd po
d have been impossible
• within ten yards of
the steps of • he t*.x.
After I the police dispersed
. ! rsons demon.strat-
Ing Avenue dcs Champs Ely
. who were supposed to be making
fur the Elysee, cheering for the Presi
dent and the army. Several arrests
■w ere made.
Later in the evening disorderly scenes
occurred outside the offices of the In-
Igeant, M. Rochefort's paper.
Several Journalists were roughly han
: eventually arrested.
At a lale hour this evening there is
along thej
boulevards, where the traffic is much
Impeded. A few police charges were
isary in the vicinity of the office
of the Libre Parole.
The only grave incident of the day
oci urred after the President had re
i to the Elysee at one of the
.. ;i restaurants, the Pavilion d'Ar
donille, in the AJleee de ixmg
mps. About a quarter past 5
k, when the establishment was
full of customers, somebody made an
> bjeetionable remark concerning the
Trcsident. The people took sides and a
regular fight ensued. Bottles, glasses,
4 nters, tables and chairs were
f led about.
At the name time a crowd of Socialist
(1 ■inonßtrators arrived in the vicinity
jind. hearing that a row was In prog
ress, laid siege to the »-*»3taurant, shout
ing "Vive la Republique." The throng
The San Francisco Call.
PRESIDENT LOUBET OF FRANCE.
PARIS, June 12. — Yesterday was an anxious day for M. Loubet and
M. Dupuy, but except for a few frothy demonstrations outside of one or
two newspaper offices during the evening everything passed off
satisfactorily, and now. at 1 a. m., the boulevards which were very ani
mated before midnight, are beginning to empty, and Paris is going
to bed with an easy mind.
The anti-Dreyfusite papers vainly try to magnify a few brawls into
a frightful anarchistic riot. The Soir. by such headlines as "A Grand
Prix of Anarchists and Police Agents" and "A Very Expensive Presi
dent," seeks to make out that the whole demonstration in favor of M.
Loubet "was manufactured by the police with the assistance of the an
archists." It der-Inres that the country is paying dearly for a President
who needs an escort "f 85,000 scrldiers and policemen whenever he
leaves the Elysee.
There is no doubt that the fearof disorders kept many society peo
ple away from Ixmgchamps. This is shown by the receipts in the "mu
tuels."' which were l,3SO;OO0 francs below those of last year's Grand
Prix.
With no less than l'>,ooo men under arms the city had more the ap
pearance of the Fourth of July than the Grand Prix. It was a great tri
umph for M. Loubet and an indication of the change in public opinion.
quickly swelled to several thousands.
The windows of the cafe were smashed
and the struggle was continued within.
Finally the mounted police arrived,
clearing the neighborhood and closed
the restaurant. Several persons were
injured. Including a number of police
men.
Several members of the Chamber of
Deputies who attended the races are
unanimous in praisin^ the calm atti
tude of the populace there. The Social
ist leaders were the first to exhort their
friends to display moderation. M.
Juares more than once ■ interfered to
prevent the enthusiasm of his follow
ers developing into disorder. "We for
get uur differences' here." he said, "to
assemble around the President of the
republic"
Tine of the features of the day was an
unusually large gathering of Deputies
and municipal functionaries at Long
champ?, less to witness the races than
to testify their adhereence to the exist
ing regime. All the Ministers were loud
ly cheered when going and returning.
Of the forty persons arrested- only a
small number havebeen retained in cus
tody. M. Loubet expressed a wish that
all who had been arrested merely on
account of seditious cries should, so
far as possible, be liberated.
Two policemen were injured by de
monstrators who were trying to rescue
friends from arrest. One, a detective,
was very roughly used. His clothes
were nearly torn off his back and his
revolver and purse were stolen. These,
however, were isolated incidents.
Just before midnight another de
monstration took place outside the
office of Libre Parole. In the scuffles
with the police several persons were
Injured.
Inquiry at the prefecture of police
at a late hour elicited the informa
tion that about thirty arrests were
made during the day and ten policemen
were more or less seriously Injured.
The predominant cries were "Vive
Loubet" and "Conspuez Rochefort."
After the riot at the Pavilion d'Arne
nonvllle the mob marched to what it
supposed was the residence of M.
Rochefort. but not knowing the num
ber of the house, the demonstrators
hooted outside another person's resi
dence. There was considerable mani
festations outside of the ofiices of
i rintransigeant. M. Rochefort, in fact,
i has entirely lost his popularity with the
Socialists on account of his attitude in
the Dreyfus affair.
The Jockey Club held a meeting on
Saturday and resolved unanimously
that M. Loubet, being their guest, must
be treated courteously. Lots were
drawn and Vicomte d'Haricourt was
selected to present a bouquet to Mme.
Loubet. On the other hand, the club
decided that none of the women mem
bers of their families should attend the
races. The attendance, therefore, was
smaller than usual. The admission to
the course produced only 230,000 francs,
as compared with 341,000 francs last
year, while the takings at the betting
machines were greatly reduced.
During the disorders at the Pavilion
d'Arenonville, the gentleman whose re
marks caused the trouble got quietly
out with the lady accompanying him.
Rut they were recognized in their car
riage by the crowd, and in hia terror,
the gentleman ordered the coachman to
whip up his horses, trying to pierce the
crowd at a gallop. The mob, however,
SAS FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1899.
seized the horses and maltreated the
occupants, whose clothing was torn,
and they would have suffered more had
not several sympathizing Socialists
cried out. "Leave the aristocrats
alone." At this the carriage was al
lowed to depart.
PICQUART HONORED,
MME. DREYFUS FAINTS
PARIS, June 11.— M. Trarieux. for
merly Minister of Justice, gave a dinner
and reception last evening in honor of
Lieutenant Co-lonel Picquart. Among
those present were the Prince and
Princess of Monaco, Mme. Dreyfus, M.
Mathieu Dreyfus and others prominent
in the movement for Dreyfus' revision.
M. Mathieu Dreyfus threw himself
into Colonel Picquart's arms, while
Mme. Dreyfus was so much overcame
that she fainted.
PRICE ON THE HEAD
OF EACH OUTLAW
Army of Man-Hunters to Invade the
Wyoming "'Hole in the
Wall."
CASPER, Wyo., June 11.— The Hole in
the Wall, for years the refuge of outlaws,
promises to be cleared of its desperate in
habitants. The daring robbers who looted
the I T nion Pacific express at Rock Creek
recently and escaped to the fastnesses in
the Hole in the Wall. In spite of the fact
that they were closely pursued over plain
and mountain, are to be systematically
hunted to their death. To this purpose
the several railroad managers with inter
ests in this State are organizing posses,
and the outlaws will be given no rest. It
is expected 200 men will be engaged in
the big man hunt.
The State and the express ami railroad com
panies have offered an aggregate of $3uO each
for the beads of the members of the band. In
addition to this head money. In the event of
success, the men who are arranging for tills
chase 'Will be armed and fed by the corpora
tion* and big cattle companies of this section
durliiK the time they are engaged. Thus the
com|ianieß are enabled to enlist a typical han-1
of rough riders, every man of them a dead
ehot. Many of them are cowboys, others are
old frontiersmen, who have fought Indiana in
the same territory over which they will now
pursue the bandits*, and still others are the
trained detectives of the big corporations. The
various bands of man-hunters will be accom
panied by Indian trailers, bloodhounds and
pack trains. The men are all to \te sworn in as
Deputy Sheriffs and will be in Charge of offi
cers' of the several counties in northwestern
■Wyoming.
A gorge so narrow that two horses cannot
and the end of the outlaw reign in the Hole
There are paths over the granite for men. but
not for beasts. Leading In from Montana there
are two or three obscure routes that eventually
enable one to reach the rendezvous of the out
laws, but they are known to but few trailers
and Indian fighters. The man hunters in this
cane, however, who have been hired for an in
definite time, will utilize the known trails
and the end of the outlaw rcljrn in the Hole
in the Wall country is believed to be near.
The six road agents who looted the Tnion
Tacirtc express box will not oppose the small
army of the allies alone. It Is estimated that
at l^ast fifty men on whose heads there are
prices set and who ;ire wanted in many States
are to be found hiding there. Some of them
are following the peaceful pursuits of farmers
and ranchers and seek only to hide their Iden
tity. Many of these men are convicted crim
inals and some of them are under sentence of
death. It Is commonly reported that "Bob"
Taylor, the condemned Missouri murderer, is
living there, herding cattle for another mur
derer--Oeorge Balk, who killed his wife at
Cheyenne
Japanese Middies at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, June 11.— The Japanese
Bchool ship Hlyel arrived here from Ban
Francisco to-day. She will remain a
week.
DENOUNCE
THE DEATH
OF DEFINE
Improved Order of Red Men
Protest Against "Bull
Pen" Methods.
BID FOOD SUPPLIED
Prisoners of the Military Authori
ties Declare That Only Starving
Men Can Eat the Stuff.
BY JiON. PATRICK REDDY.
Snecial DiFpatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, June 11.— The
feeling in this community over the in
human treatment of M. L. Devine by
the military authorities is expressed in
the following resolutions adopted by
the Improved Order of Red Men at
Mullan:
Whereas. Michael L. Devine, an hon
ored member of the Improved Order of
Red Men, was unjustly arrested by order
of Dr. France and General Merriam and
incarcerated in a filthy guardhouse, the
result of which was the fatal illness and
death of said Michael L. Devine. and.
Whereas, The dying request of Brother
Devine that he be allowed to go to Provi
dence Hospital at Wallace and die a free
man was denied him by Dr. Franco and
his satellites, and
Whereas, The religious rites of his
church were denied Brother Devine. and
he, although accused of no crime, was
held a prisoner and died through the neg
lect and lncompetency of physicians, and
Whereas, Brother Devine yielded up his
life surrounded by bitter enemies and no
friendly face being allowed at his death
bed to console him and help to prepare
him to meet hia Maker; therefore be it
Resolved, That Flathead Tribe, No. 11,
Improved Order of Red Men, denounce in
unmeasured terms the harsh and brutal
conduct of Dr. France and the military
authorities in doing to death our de
ceased brother and the un-Christian spirit
exhibited by them in denying the conso
lation of his church to an expiring man;
and be it further
Resolved, That although Brother Devine
was not a member of Flathead Tribe, No.
11, yet this tribe in common with the
tribe to which the deceased belonged
nimirn the death of an honorable man,
Michael L. Devine, who was murdered by
Dr. France and the military authorities at
Wardner on the Ist day of June, 1899; and
be it further
Resolved, That our charter be draped
in mourning for thirty days, that a copy
of these rt^jiutlons be spread on our
minutes and a copy be given to the Mullan
Mirror for publication.
E. J. FLANXIGAN,
P. V. WHELAN,
CHARLES D. WHITE, Committee.
Governor Steunenberg, Bartlett Sin
clair and the military seem to have
become intoxicated with power, and
instead of suppressing an insurrection,
which was the excuse for calling on the
President for troops, they are oppress
ing the people, imprisoning men for
expression of opinions and confiscating
the property of those who dare to crit
icize their actions.
Such outrages have never before in
America been perpetrated under the
guise of martial law.
Men who. have been liberated from
the "bull pen" deny the statement o-f
Sinclair that prisoners are well fed and
treated, but assert that the food is of
such a disgusting kind that none but
a starving man would try to eat it.
Witnesses are intimidated and bull
dozed and threatened with capital pun
ishment and imprisonment if they do
not identify persons supposed to be
implicated in the riot.
As was proved yesterday, even the
insane are no-t allowed to escape the
brutality of the military.
The shooting at Johnson was an out
rage which would be tolerated in no
community on earth except one where
the man who ordered it was above all
law.
PROTEST OF
LABOR AGAINST
THE OUTRAGES
SAN FRANCISCO LABOR COUNCIL,
llf>9 Mission Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, June 11. 1899.
Kditor of The Call— Dear Sir: The hor
rors of the Wardner "bull pen" and the
unconstitutional, and In the history
of the republic, unprecedented, stretch
of military authority na exercised
by Major General Merriam in the
Coeur d'Alenes, halving aroused the
citizens of San Francisco to the
danger the rights of all are exposed to
by such actions, the San Francisco I^abor
Council and the Building Trades Council
have decided to hold a monster mass
meeting on Wednesday night at the Met
ropolitan Temple to protest against the
suspension of the right of habeas corpus
in time of peace, to denounce the suppres
sion of the right of free speech and free
press and to call upon all trades unionists
of the country and upon citizens in gen
eral to hold similar mass-meetings, so
that the methods for the subversion of
civil liberty now pursued In Idaho by Gov
ernor Steunenberg and Major General
Merriam be checked and American free
dom preserved.
At the meeting of <he committee of ar
rangements held* on Saturday night it
wa.s decided that unions be requested to
march in a body to the meeting, carrying
their banners. The Brewery Workmen's
Union, which met that night, has already
decided to do so, and others have prom
ised to take like action. The trades union
ists believe that the military authorities
in Idaho are trying to establish a prece
dent, by the aid of which in the future
"the right of combinations" will be of no
value to the working people.
That these are no Idle fears, the follow
ing verbatim copies of the applications
miners in, the Coeur d'Alenes must sign
for "leave" to seek employment amply
prove :
APPLICATION FOR LEAVE TO SEEK EM
PLOYMENT IN THE MINES OF SHO
SHONE COUNTY.
To Dr. Hugh France. State Representative-
Sir: I hereby make application for ißguance to
mf of a permit allowing me to seek employment
in the mines of Shoshone County. 1 am a
by occupation. I am a native of and am
a citizen of the United States. I last
worked at the mine in My shift
boss was I have not been for -years
a member of any miner's union. I took no
part, either actively or passively, in aiding,
Continued on Second Page.
CHEESEMAN PROBABLY
BELDEN'S ASSAILANT
Frank Cheeseman, self-confessed mur
derer and escaped lunatic, believed by the
Oakland police to be the man who made the
bloodthirsty assault Saturday night on H.
K. Belden of that city, paid a visit yester
day to the Potrero of San Francisco, crying
for human blood. Revolver in hand, he
paraded the streets of the district, proclaim
ing his identity and announcing; his purpose
of killing the woman he failed to slay last
August, when hi shot her father through the
heart.
The woman, who was Miss Etta Payne,
is now Mrs, Fred Knick, the wife of a
laborer at the Union Iron Works. She re
sides with her husband, whom she married
shortly after recovery from the murderous
attack of Chesseman, at 909 Illinois street.
That she was not killed yesterday is due to
the good sense of an acquaintance, who
heard the bloodthirsty lunatic announce his
intention of "finishing that woman,"
and hurried as fast as his legs could carry
him to notify the Knicks of their peril.
They fled from the house for their lives and
notified the police that Cheeseman was run
ning amuck.
In a short time half a dozen patrolmen
were scouring the district for the fiend,
! while Knlck and his wife were hastening to
i police headquarters to implore the protec
! tion of the Chief against the sanguinary
madman. They were escorted to their homes
by officers and guarded last night, while
j the search for their persecutor was con
tinued.
Cheeseman, however, had vanished from
I the scene almost as suddenly as he ap
peared, and up to an early hour this morn
ing had not been heard of. His mania is j
such, however, and he has proved himse.f so
persistent in his hunt for biood that it is be
; lieved by the police, if he is not soon found,
some person will fall a victim to his re
volver.
His appearance in this city so soon after
the attack on H. K. Belden in Oakland,
taken with other circumstances, is almost
conclusive of the fact that he aimed the ax
at the head of the Oakland capitalist. Satis
fied yesterday In that opinion, even before
they heard that Gheeseman had made a sen
sational appearance on this side of the bay,
Detectives Hodgkins and Shorey and other
police officers made a vigorous search for
(he bloodthirsty maniac, but could find
no one that saw him. As soon as they
heard yesterday afternoon that he was run
ning amuck in the Potrero they put strict
watch on all the avenues of entrance Into
Alameda County, and feel certain that they
will bag their man the moment he crosses
the bay.
THE reappearance of Frank Cheese
man in a bloodthirsty frame of mind
has been expected on any of the days
since his escape from the Napa asy
lum. The police of Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley have kept a particularly
sharp 'lookout for him, it being thought
that he would return to the vicinity of
the home of his parents and the scene
of his former crimes. It was hardly ex-
Maniac Again at
Large.
Sought to Kill Mrs. Knick
Yesterday in This
City.
peeted. however, that he would pay a
visit to this side of the bay, although he
had manifested his suicidal tendencies in
this city more than once.
While the police of San Francisco were
aware that the murderer had escaped
from the asylum, they did not know that
the girl, whose rejection of him had caus-
Ed the murder of her stepfather and near
ly resulted in her own death, was in this
city. Cheeseman was better informed.
He not only knew that she jfas .in San
Francisco, but he knew the locality in
which she lived and the name and place
of employment of the man she had mar
ried. Filled with a desire to complete his
former murderous effort, he came to this
city yesterday to kill her.
The girl, who was Etta Payne, is now
Mfs. Fred Knick. the wife of an employe
of the Union Iron Works. She lives with
her husband at 909 Illinois street. It was
about 3.30 o'clock in the afternoon when
the presence of Cheeseman in her vicin
ity became known. The man himself was
in a saloon on Kentucky street with sev
eral other persons. He had taken num
erous drinks quietly and would not "have
been noticed had not the old suicidal
ir.anta seized him.
"Hooray!" he yelled, jumping to his feet
and flourishing a long navy revolver. "My
name is Frank Cheeseman and I'm going
over to kill that d d woman. I killed
her father over in Oakland and now I'm
going to finish the job!"
This sudden outbreak and the sight of
the formidable weapon in Cheeseman's
hands caused a quick scattering of the
few in the barroom. The jjjAirderer did
not appear to notice it.
"It'll be all day with you. Mrs. Knick,"
he continued, whirling the revolver,
around his head. "It'll be all day with
you when I flnd you."
Another flourish of the revolver and an
unearthly yell and he was gone, the few
persons who had fled from the saloon to
the street making way for him as he
started in the direction of the Knick
home, several blocks away, emitting un
earthly yells as he went. There was no
attempt to stop him, as those near at
hand rightly guessed that such a pro
ceeding would mean death.
Luckily for Mrs. Knick one young man
in the crowd named Cameron, who is em
ployed at the Union Iron Works and
knows her husband and her history, heard
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
the announcement of Cheeseman. He hes
itated not an instant. Going cross lots
he made for the house, where he found
Mr. and Mrs. Knick. "He told his story
in a few words, warning them to get to
a place of safety, emphasizing his words
by the additional statement that Cheeae
man was even then on the way to carry
out his murderous design.
While Kni'^k busied himself in securing
his wife in safety at the house of a neigh
bor, Cameron notified the police at the
Potrero station of the presence in the
vicinity of the murderous maniac. Patrol
men were sent at once to the scene of the
excitement, and for hours hunted high
and low for Cheeseman. No trace of him
had been found at dusk, and under cover
of night Mrs. Knick and her husband
Journeyed to the office of the Chief of
Police "to implore his protection.
Mrs. Knick made no effort to conceal
her fears that Cheeseman would suceed
in killing her. She was almost on the
verge of hysterics and wept bitterly.
Upon her plea" and convinced that Cheese
man meant to carry out his threat, two
patrolmen were detailed to accompany
her to her home and stand guard during
the night.
This sudden appearance of Cheeseman
gives color to the belief of the Oakland
police that he is the man who made the
murderous assault Saturday night on H.
K. Belden at his residence, Oak and Lake
streets, facing Lake Merritt. The man
ner in which the assault was made is al
most exactly that in which Cheeseman
attacked Henry J. Brooke. The descrip
tion of the man who aimed the blow at
Belden's head answers that of the es
caped lunatic. His appearance in Oak
land was expected at any time, and the
attack justifies the belief of the police
that he was the man.
When the news of Cheeseman's escapa
from the Napa Asylum reached the Oak
land police they notified the peace officers
of the surrounding towns in Alameda
County to be on the lookout for him. They
particularly cautioned Marshal .Lloyd o£
Berkeley that the maniac would be likely
to make his appearance in that town,
where his parents live at 2922 Otis street.
Lloyd has kept a sharp lookout and ia
certain that Cheeseman has not called on.
his parents. They said yesterday they
had neither seen nor heard of him since
his escape and seemed to be under the
irr<j>ression that he was on his way East,
where he has a rich uncle. Cheeseman'a
| father said that even were his son in the
vicinity he would not let him. .know of it.
Although the Alameda County peace of
ficers have not been able to locate
| the murderous lunatic they at once decid-
I cd. after they had heard Belden's story,
I that the man they were looking for had
' started out to kill. The similarity of tho
I attack on the Oak street capitalist to that
! last August on the Brooke home was at
i once recalled.
At 9:30 o'clock on the night of that trag
edy Cheeseman rang the bell on the floor
of the house of Henry Brooke at IS Sev^
enth street. Oakland. In the house at tha
time were Henry J. Brooke, his wife and
his stepdaughter. Etta Payne, to wnnni
Cheeseman had been paying attention.
At the summons Brooke went to the door
and threw it open. Without a word tho
murderer shot him dead, then leaping
over the prostrate body he went Into the
house, where Miss Payne and Mrs.
Brooke, having heard the shot, were run
ning- to places of concealment.
Cheeseman came first upon * the giri.
With pistol leveled at her head he ad
vanced till he could have touched her.
she standing paralyzed from fear until
the maniac pressed the trigger. At that
; instant, by a superhuman effort, the girl
i struck at the weapon, knocking it down
: as it was discharged, the bullet entering
I her thigh. As she fell Cheeseman caught
sight of her mother, who was sndeavorins
|to hide- herself in a closet. He fired at
; her, but missed, the builet merely cutting
;a. hole in the skirt of h^r dress. Appar
ently satisfied that he had murdered the
entire family. Choeseman ran into tho
I back yard, scaled the fence and made his
i way downtown, where he was captured
I several hours later.
The attack on Belden, though lacking
the motive, partook of the other peculiar
ities of the descent upon the Brooke
i household. If Cheeseman made it. the
' members of the Belden family can con
j gratulate themselves that his first aim
I missed, else the head of the house might
have been foully murdered and the beau
tiful home on I,ake and Oak streets turn
ed into a veritable shambles.
Mr. Belden did not get much more than,
a glance at his assailant, so sudden was
the attack and so dim was the light
thrown from the hall room on the mur
derous visitor. His description of the
] man, however, tallies in a general way
I with that of Cheeseman, which was called
: to his attention yesterday morning by De
tectives Hodgkins and Shorey of the Oak
land department. The momentary glimpse
ho got of the ax-wielder between the
opening of the door and the descent of ti.e
weapon upon his upraised arm revealed
to him a young man. dark eomplexloned
and tall. This would fit Cheeseman to a
dot. Whether he could recognize the man
Hgain if he saw him Belden thinks is
doubtful.
"It all occurred so quickly," he said yes
' terday. "that I didn't have time to take
a good survey of the man. Then again,
when I went to the door, I was expecting:
a telegram and not an ax. When the ring
came to the doorbell I had just retired. I
poked my head out of the window and
asked, 'Who's there?'. A voice, the pos
• sessor of which I could not see by reason
of the intervening porch, answered:
'Here's a telegram.' As it is not unusual
for me to receive telegrams at almost any
hour I went to the door at once.
"Had I been suspicious I probably would
have played into the man's hands more
than I did. Instead of opening the door
cautiously and sticking my head through
I flung It open and stood back, fully three
and a half feet from the threshold. A
small light was burning behind me and
by it I had just time to notice the figum2
INDIAN MAID
SACRIFICED TO
STAY FAMINE
Chilkat Medicine Man Puts to
Death a Daughter of
the Tribe,
VICTORIA, June 11.— After a perilous
journey over slush-covered and rapidly
breaking ice, snow so soft that they
sank to their thighs and mountain fed
torrents, three miners reached here
early this morning by the steamer Cot
tage City from the far-away gold fields
in the but partially explored headwa
ters at the Upp< r Stewart River. The
adventurous trio — Cesare Prancesca of
Salt Lake, Robert Hitchcock of Detroit
and Richard Bleut, a half-breed resi
dent of Alberta -bring news of sick
ness and death among the Indians liv
ing in the district where they have been
prospecting for the last eighteen
months.
During the winter starvation has ray-
I the Indian lodges and made great
inroads into the ranks of the one,' pow
erful ("hilkats, the warlike rulers of the
Indians of the north. At a hamlet near
their camp, where about 150 Indians
live, thirty deaths occurred, and from
near and far reports reached them of
further mortality. With the advent of
the miners and prospectors in the north
the game seems to have been driven
far back into the wilderness, and
whether because of the traffic on the
river or from natural causes, the- miners
say, the fish supply has been inade
quate.
The roots and dried grasses gathered
in the fall did not last long, and soon
the Siwash lodges were without f l.
One by one the famine-stricken Indians
dropped off, and their emaciated
of a man. before I saw him raise Born
e in his hand ami spring toward me.
"The distant" I was from him when he
started to stride is probably all that saved
me. As he jumped. I Instinctively grabbi .1
the doorknob with my left hand :n<.i
raised my right arm to ward off the blow
making an effort at the same time to close
the door. The weapon struck me on the
right arm. being knocked from the man's
hand and falling Inside my door."
The mnmt-ut he lost his weapon Ftel
den s assailant turned and fled. Bel
son. who heard ran to las fath
ers assistance. The elder Belden. who
had received a hard hl.,w on the right
forearm, was bo Incensed at the cowardli
ness and suddenness of the attack that
he insisted f , n going out at ..nee in search
of the assassin. Arming himself with a
revolver, his son taking a shotgun, the
two sallied forth, their way being lighted
by the acetyllne lantern from the younger
Belden'B bicycle. They searched the sur
rounding lots, but go! no trace of the
assailant. Returning u> the house Mr
en telephoned the news of the attack
to the police and Patrolmen Jacobus and
Avers were sent to the neighbor!] l
Assisted by Deputy Constable MofTat they
scoured the vicinity and succeeded in
oi.-rhauling two men whom they took into
custody oi! suspicion, but hardly with the
THERE MAY HAVE BEEN OTHERS,
BUT SACRAMENTANS DIDN'T KNOW IT
belief that either of th>m was guilty.
Knrly yesterday morning the younger
Balden made a search of the clump of
tree* directly opposite the house and
within the fence Inclosing Lake Merrit.
Th» n ho found marks in the soil which
indicated the receni r^i ss;i i^ < • of a man.
Up also disiinguished the print of an ax.
sirrilar to th* one the murderous visitor
had abandoned in his flight.
A further evidence that the man had
■been under this clump of trees was given
by the ax itself. It is a rusty weapon
with a broken handle h foot and a half
l'.ng. which had evidently been thrown
away after outliving its usefulness as a
tool. On its edge the eld) r Belden had no
ticed a whitish substance which he
thought might have been paint when it
had struck his door. An Investigation of
the door showed that the paint had not
been disturbed, Young Belden, in exam
ining the clump of bushes, found a place
on on<' of the trees where there was a
whitisli fungus growth.
This had been freshly cut as if with the.
edge of the ax, giving color to the theory
that the man who madp the attack had
waited patiently under the trees for time
enough to satisfy hims. if that the Belden
family had retired for the night.
Whether or not Cheeseman made the at
tack on Belden. the Oakland police be
lieve he did. They are also certain that
tin man will kiH somebody If he is not
<. ptured the moment lie again sets fool
in Alameda County. There is not a doubt
that he is crazy and there seems to be no
protection against him. even in asylum
wall?!. He Ifl a raging animal now. and
until he is disposed of well-grounded un
easineßS may well r< ign in any homestead
in this and Alameda County.
CIVIL WAR VETERANS
TO COLONIZE CUBA
Paul Vandervoort's Proposition Finds
Favor Among the Blue
and Gray.
CHICAGO, June 11.— A special to the
Chronicle from Omaha, Neb., says: Paul
■i lias received a letter from
I'r< si.: nt McKinley acknowledging re
ceipt of his letter offering to take to
Cuba a great colony of old soldiers of
both the bluo and the gray, whose pres
ri.tii be a guarantee against the
outlawry practiced by some of the Cuban
corpses were laid away in the tops of
fir trees.
One morning: early last March the
tent of the three miners was snatched
open as they sat at breakfast, and in
rushed a swarthy Indian girl. She
threw herself down before them and
cried bitterly. Before they had time
to consider the cause of the interruption
they heard the patter of naked feet, and
a howling mob of Siwashes, headed by
their medicine man, rushed in and seiz
ed the prostrate girl. The miners, un
to save the maiden, followed as
she was carried away. She was car
ried to the Indian hamlet, and after the
Indians had danced around for a few
minutes the Indian chief plunged a
knife Into her body and she sank down
without. a cry.
It was not until the next day that
the miners were enabled to find an ex
planation of the tragedy they wit
nessed. It seems the medicine man
was approached by the famine-stricken
people and asked to make medicine to
stay the inroads of starvation and send
food. The medicine man called upon
the chief to make a sacrifice, and the
young girl had been chosen as the vic
tim. The miners promised secrecy, but.
fearing the Indians would kill them to
silence their tongues they lost no time
in getting out of the district. They
have notified the mounted police and
the troops at the Fort Selkirk bar
racks of the murder of the girl, and
troops will be sent to arrest the chief.
It is probable a relief expedition will
be sent to the famine district.
Each of the returning trio is well
supplied with gold. They say that
riches are to be washed from the Up
per Stewart placers when the problem
of getting food in is solved.
bands. Mr. Vandervoort is receiving him
dreds of letters daily from persons in all i
of the country who are anxious to I
accompany the expedition.
Mr. Vandervoort was formerly com- :
er-in-chlef -if the Grand Army of ;
the Republic. He says the colonies will
go in the fall whether the movement has i
the sanction of the Government or not —
merely as a private affair. The West and
South seem to be the largest contributors i
to the scheme.
HANGS HIMSELF
WITH HALTER ROPE
John Terrill, an Old Resident of
Grass Valley, Commits
Suicide.
GRASS VALLEY, June LL— John Ter
rill. -a resident of this city for twenty-five
years, hanged himself at ] o'clock this
afternoon in a woodshed at the rear of
his residence. The cause of the act Is
unknown. He had never intimated to any
his intention to seek death or ex
pressed dissatisfaction with his worldly
nffairs.
Terrill had been absent from the bouse
not more than a half hour when his wife,
going to the woodshed, found his body
suspended from a rafter by a halter rope.
He was a native of Cornwall. England,
and was fifty-four years old to-day. Ho
was a blacksmith by trade, and by thrifty
habits had accumulated considerable
property. Up leaves an invalid widow
and four grown children— three sons and
one daughter.
Goes to Brown University.
NEW YORK, June 11.— The Rev. Dr. W.
H. P. Faunce, pastor of the Fifth Avenue
Baptist Church, to-day announced that he
would resign the pastorate of that church
immediately to accept the presidency of
Brown University.
Ends a Three-Years' Cruise.
SAN DIEGO, June 11.— The steam
schooner Celia, from Panama for San
Francisco, with mahogany, put into port
here to-day for coal. She has been away
three years. She proceeds to-morrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE IJ, 1599.
RIOTING FEARED
AT CLEVELAND
Strikers Say No Street
Cars Shall Move.
SITUATION GROWS SERIOUS
CLIMAX TO BE REACHED THIS
MORNING.
Big Consolidated Company's Attempt
to Operate Its Lines With
New Men Will Be
Resisted.
Special Plspatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 11.— Both the
officers of the Big Consolidated Street
Railway and the strikers are waiting ex
pectantly for 7 o'clock to-morrow morn-
ing, for then there is likely to be serious
trouble. True to its promise of last night
the company made no attempt to move
cars to-day. There was no activity about
the barns or terminals and the big crowds
of strikers and idlers that assembled saw
nothing to excite them.
A number of motormen Imported by the i
company from other cities were taken to
the Lakeview terminus of the road to- !
day, and all that wen- not captured by
the strikers were housed there for the
night. If the strikers do not return to j
work in the morning, as they have been j
notified to do by the company, their ;
places will be filled as far as possible by !
new men and an attempt mado to move j
the cars. This the strikers will not per
mit—or at least they say they will not—
and while they have, been very quiet to
day there is apparently a grim deter
mination on their part to thwart the ef
forts of the company to move the cars.
There has been some talk of a sympa- i
thetic strike on the part of the employes
of the Little Consolidated Company, but
the leaders of the strike say they do not
desire anything of the kind. On the other
hand* they declare that it would only in- i
jure them to tie up the other lines, for :
it would lose them the sympathy of the
people, who have thus far put up with :
inconvenience and annoyance good na- !
turedly. The police are preparing for j
trouble in the morning ancf a large force
of deputy sheriffs has been sworn in to
assist in preserving order should the i
emergency arise.
COMMISSIONER HAUPT
MAY LOSE HIS PLACE
Displeases the President by Publicly
Discussing the Canal
Situation.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— If L Pwls M
Haupt, one of the civilian members of the
Interoceanic Canal Commission !s cor
rectly reported in an interview Vent cut
from Philadelphia yesterday the proba
bilities are there may he a vacancy in the
commission.
W hat Mr. Haupt says as to the Panama
canal being responsible for legislation
calling for the appointment of the com
mission and for the consequent delay in
the construction of an interoceanie canal
is well known to be true, but Mr Haupt
is being severely criticised by members of
the administration for having- publicly pro-
Photographs That Vouch for the
Excellence of The Call's Bul
letins of the Big Fight.
SACRAMENTO, June 11.— The CaJl
gave to Sacramentans a perfect bul
letin description of the big fight as it
progressed last Friday evening, and the
people appreciated its enterprise. It is
possible that the other papers may have
attempted something in that line, but
claimed in favor of the Nicaraguan route.
Whatever may be the views of individual
members of the commission, the authori
ties consider it a serious breach of pro
priety for them to make known through
public interviews their views in favor of
either route. It has been inferred thai ,i
majority of the members of the commis
sion are in favor of the Nicaraguan canrJ
route, but since its appointment Mr.
Haupt is the only one who has publicly
expressed himself.
There is no doubt that the administra
tion is in favor of the Nicaraguan route
and that it expects to report in its favor,
but in the instructions to the Commis
sioners the President will make it clear
that the will of. Congress must be carried
out and that he expects an entirely im
partial report. To demonstrate that this
is his attitude it was said to-day by a
member of the administration that the
President might relieve Mr. Haupt from
service on the commission for his impoli
tic utterances in favor of the Nicara iuan
route.
PUTTMAN'S FATE
IN THE BALANCE
Case Will Go to the Jury
To-Day.
CONVICT MURDERERS PLEA
CLAIMS HE WAS INSANE WHEN
HE KILLED SHOWERS.
Defense Contends That the Constant
Use of Opium Had Over
turned the Culprit's
Reason.
i
Special Disuateh to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 11.— George
Puttman, the murderer of John Show
ers, a fellow convict at Fo-lsom Prison,
will learn his fate to-morrow, when
Judge Hughes will charge the Jury.
The case has attracted considerable at
tention by reason of its unusual fea
tures. It has been claimed that the
murder had its orgin in a certain form
of sentiment. Puttman was once be
friended by the father of Abe Majors,
who was convicted recently erf the mur
der of a policeman In Utah. Showers
had years ago turned State's evidence
and caused the old man's conviction on
a charge of murder. The condemna
tion of Majors refreshed Puttman's
memory of the wrong for which Show
ers was responsible, and when the op
portunity presented itself he slashed
Showers with an improvised dagger.
The tragedy was witnessed by a num
ber of prisoners, most of whom, how
ever, declined to testify unless given
the opportunity to take a trip to Sacra
mento for the purpose. This character
of testimony, for the most part, was not
insisted upon, and the defense followed
chiefly alrmg the line of emotional in
sanity.
When Puttman was called to the wit
ness stand yesterday he said that he
was a victim of the opium habit and
that the drug often made him commit
acts against his will. He continued:
To tell the truth, gentlemen of the jury
1 know very little about this charge
against me. in fact, all I do know is
from what I heard while the witnesses
were testifying. When I came into the
State prison at 11! o'clock I had no knife
I swear before God that I had no knife.
I remember a dispute, but with whom I
ac not remember, r recollect somebody
calling me a vile name and then striking
at me. 1 have a dim recollection of a
struggle and of handing a knife to an offi
cer. Whether I did this or got the idea
from hearing the testimony I am not cer
tain. This is about all I know.
I was sent to Folsom from San Fran
cisco on a conviction of grand lnrcenv ]
stole a cheap watch fir.m a pawnshop I
was crazy from opium at the time
I used opium for three years previous
to entering Folsom State prison The
prison physician discovered my condition
and to break me of the habit had me con
fined in the dungeon for fifteen or twenty
days. At the end of that time the physi
cian pronounced me cured. I never had
L v,? il! T P ower t0 overcome the opium
h n bi }' J " ad n stJck of "Plum in mv cell
all during the time I was in Folsom.
which I never used until two months be-
if they did nobody hero knows any
thing about it, for the whole town ap
peared to be massed in front of The
Call's Headquarters.
The accompanying photographs tell
the whole story without need of further
comment.
fore I was brought to Sacramento.
The defense closed with Puttman's
story, and arguments were continued
until last night, when the court ad
journed until to-morrow. A constant
attendant upon the trial was Puttman's
mother, an attractive woman, whose
apparent youth made her seem more
like a sister than a parent. She was
married to Puttmanss father when but
15 years old-
JEFFRIES WILL
TOUR EUROPE
Coming to California
First.
PLANS FOR THE FUTURE
WILLING TO TIGHT SHARKEY IN
SEPTEMBER.
Replying to the Champion's Chal
lenge, the Sailor Protests
Against an Eighteen-
Foot Arena.
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
NEW YORK,* June 11. -If "Tom"
Sharkey desires to mccl James Jeffries,
thp new champion of the world, In a hhk
battle he will be accommodated In K.-p
--tember if ho complies with certain con
ditions named by Jeffries, which e:iii for
a fight for a side h,-i <>r $10,000, the largi I
purse offered and in an eighteen-fool
ring.
The new champion will Imx four rounds
with "Jim" Daly a 1 tha Conej [stand
Sporting Club to-morrow night, in addi
tion to the exhibition between Jeffries and
Daly there will be a twenty-round bout
between "Andy" Walsh ami "Jimmy"
Handler. welterweight pugilists. < tin
week from to-morrow nighi Jeffries will
box six rounds with "Tommy" Ryan In
Syracuse, Ryan's home. He will give th<
entire Kate receipts to Ryan as a token of
appreciation of the services rendered by
the welterweight champion during his
training fur the fight with ETitzsimmons.
Jeffries will give several exhibitions in
Western cities, leaving 1 for his home In
Los Angeles on June 20. He will remain
with his parents for three weeks, return
ing to New York in time to sail for Eu
rope on August L The Califomian will
give exhibitions in the Alhamhra in Lon
don and in Music Hall in Paris. On his
return to the United States in Septem
ber he will fight Sharkey If the sailor pu
filist complies with the conditions named
y him in connection with the match.
Otherwise the champion will make his
debut as an actor, appearing in a play
entitled "A Rough River."
PASO ROBLES, June 11.— In an inter
view to-night at his quarters In Paso
Robies Hotel Sharkey said concerning
Jeffries' challenge:
"I will meet him anywhere with the
club offering tne largest purse, San Fran
cisco preferred. 1 have as many friends
in California as Jeffries has and I believe
I can get a square deal - San Francisco.
I am ready to post my forfeit any time
and will fight in six weeks. Jeffries will
not lean all over me as he did in his fight
wirh old man Fitzsimmons. He talks
about Wyatt Earp's decision, but he for
about the time Alex Greggains put it
all over me in his decision. T will meet
him under Marquis of Queensberry rules,
which call for a 24-foot ring. I want no
18-foot ring; no championship tight is ever
held in an 18-foot ring. Jeffrie? wants all
the purse or none, but before he wanted
a 7.". and 2ii per cent division. But I'll ac
commodate him; the whole purse to the
winner suits me. I never felt better nor
keener for a fight, and whenever Jeffries
is ready I am ann my forfeit is ready to
back my statement."
DID NOT WARN HIS
FRIENDS NOT TO BET
Fitzsimmons Much Perturbed by the
Story Sent Out From
Cincinnati.
NEW YORK. June U.— Bob Fitzsim
miius, ex-champion heavyweight pugilist,
in company with his wife and his man
ager, Martin Julian, attended a ball game
at West End Field Club, Jersey City, this
afternoon. Fitzsimmons acted as one of
the two umpires, and after the game he
and Julian found time to deny the asser
tions made by Leonard Shilly, who is
credited with being an attache of the
Sheriff's office in Cincinnati. Shilly
claims to be a personal friend of Fitzsim
mons, but Bob says he does not know
such a man, and Julian is equally posi
tive that he never met such a person.
The letter in itself purports that Fitz
simmons feared defeat and advised his
friends not to risk any money on their
belief that he would retain the champion
ship.
"I never wrote such a letter," said Fitz
sinimons. "I don't know Shilly. Who is
he, anyhow? You say he is connected
with the Sheriff's office in Cincinnati.
Well, if he is, I know nothing about the
Sheriff or him. I never wrote such a let
ter. I'm not a letter writer. This letter
in question is dated 'New York. May :;].'
Since 1 went into training some weeks
ago I wrote only one letter, and that was
to Dr. KHly, a dentist of IVoria. 111., but
I made no mention of my chances of vic
tory or defeat in it.
"I'll tell you what I'll do," continued
Fitzsimnums, "in order to show the pub
lic that I never wrote such a letter to
Leonard Shilly or any other person, I'll
give S-jix.! to the pirscin who produces
Buch a document, and furthermore, if any
one believes that he has such a letter I
will pay his expenses from wherever he
resides "to this city and make him a pres
ent of $250, providing that such a com
munication can be produced. Of course,
the letter may be a forgery, if such a
letter exists, but I want to be satisfied
as to its existence and I also want the
public to be satisfied that I never wrote
it nor had it written for me. I am at a
loss to understand why any person could
make such a statement, because I see no
reason why any one should try to 'queer'
me in this underhand manner."
Martin Julian. Fitzsimmons' manager.
was very emphatic in his denunciation of
the report and said:
"Fitzsimmons and I are close friends,
and I know that he never wrote such a
letter. It is a lie oil the face of it. Fitz
simmons is not making any idle boast
when he says that he will give $2500 for
the production of the letter, if it can be
proved to be authentic. This we can
easily afford to do, seeing that we know
that if such a letter exists it must be a
forgery. Now, let these people come to
time, and if there is a negro in the wood
pile we will soon dig him out. If the
letter can be placed in evidence we will
IRISH=AMERICANS
WHO WILL SAVE THE
KILLARNEY LAKES
Big Sum Already Subscribed and
Arrangements Made for
a Mass-Meeting.
NEW YORK, June 11.— A number of
prominent Irish-Americans of this city,
who have taken an active interest In
the movement started here to purchase
the Muckross estate and the beautiful
lakes of Killarney, with a view of con
verting the place into an Irish National
Park, met this evening at the home of
James .T. Coogan, president of the bor
ough of Manhattan, to talk over the
project and to arrange for a general
meeting to be held at the Waldorf-As
toria Hotel Wednesday night.
The name men will meet again to
morrow to draft a circular letter set
tin;' forth th>' plan in detail. These cir
culars will be sent to all Irish-Ameri
cans in Greater New York and be fol
lowed by invitations to the general
mccl ing.
James Boothley-Roche, who repre
sents in Parliament the district of Kil
gladly pay $250 to the person presenting
it, a.s well as other expenses, in addition
to the $2")00 promised by Fitzsimmons."
Mrs. Fitzsimmons, who was present,
said that she was positive her husband
had never written such a letter.
"Bob was more than confident of suc
cess, and all those who saw the fight, must
certainly agree with me in saying that he
did tils utmost to retain the championship.
He had no doubt as to his ability to defeat
,Ji (fries, and although he was beaten, I
am not quite satisfied that he cannot re
verse the order of things."
Several rumors are in circulation that
Jeffries has offered to spar with Fitz
simmons at a benefit for the latter, but
Manager Julian sa.id to-night that Jeffries
and his manager, instead of giving a ben
efit, the proceeds of which would go to
Fitzsimmons. had made a proviso that
they should receive 50 per cent of the re
ceipts. When this proposition was made
to Fitzsimmons he and his manager de
clined to have anything to do with it and
stated that when Fitzsimmons gave a
benefit for "Jack" Dempsey, after he had
defeated him, Dempsey received all the
coin. Neither Fitzsimmons nor Julian will
accept half favors from the new cham
pion or his manager, and if they wish to
give the ex-champion a benefit he must
have all.
CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS
IN A BASEBALL GAME
Four Players Injured During- a Con
test Between Chicago and
St. Louis.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
W. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
! Brooklyn ...36 11 .766 Cincinnati ..22 24 .47$
Boston 31 14 .687 New Y0rk. ..21 25 .457
Chicago 2* 2rt .583 J'tttshurj* ...19 25 .432
St. Louis 27 2n .574 Washington 17 30 .362
Baltimore ...36 19 .573 Louisville . . .14 34 .292
Philad'phia .28 19 .573 Cleveland ... 8 34 .190
i CHICAGO, June 11.— Two errors and a single
j gave St. Louis a run in the first, after which
I they were unable to touch Griffiths. The Or
j phans evened the score in the sixth and won
out in the eighth on Mertes' triple and two
: outs. Wolverton and Nichols collided in the
' sixth, both being knocked senseless. Wolver
ton was badly injured internally. Cross was
hit in the eye by a batted ball and Chance had
his leg hurt in blocking a Pt. Louis runner at
the plate. Attendance, 10.000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 9 4
St. Louis 1 5 0
Batteries— Griffith and Nichols and Chance;
Cuppy and Criger. "empires'— Swarfwood and
Warner.
CINCINNATI. June 11— The Reds won both
games to-day. Magee was easy in the first and
Bates lamentably weak in the second game.
The fielding of the Louisville out-field and
Wagner" s hitting were the features of the first
game. The game with Cleveland was feature
less. Attendance, 5326. Score, first game:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati S 12 2
Louisville 2 6 2
Batteries— Breltenstfln and Wood ; Magee,
Dowling and Kittredge. Umpires— Emslie and
McDonald.
Second game:
R. H. E
Cincinnati 1" - 0
Cleveland 1 8 2
Batteries— Hahn and Vaugh: Bates and
Schreckengost. Umpires— McDonald and Ems-
ELDERLY BUSINESS
MEN AT BASEBALL
Amusing and Exciting Contest Helps
to Swell the Monterey School
.r'und.
MONTEREY, June 11.— One of the most
exciting and amusing baseball games
ever seen In Monterey County occurred at
Athletic Park this afternoon in the pres
ence of an immense crowd of enthusiastic
spectators. The game was played for the
benefit of the Monterey school fund. The
contesting teams were composed of el
derly business men ol this city and Pa
cific Grove, not one of whom had ever be
fore played baseball. Nine innlnps were
played, supplyir- great amusement for
the onlookers. The Pacific Grove team
won by a score of 30 to 17. The game was
umpired by Baseball Exnert "Joe" Cor
bett, who. with his bride, is staying at
Hotel del Monte.
Fki:SXO. June ]).— Fresno won a hotly con
tested Rame of baseball from Bakprafleld to
day, seoriner the Winning run In the last half
of the ninth inning:, after two men were out.
The feature of the same was the playing: of R.
Tufts of Fresno at short. Score:
U. H. E.
Fresno 2 5 1
BakersfiVUl 1 6 ■»
Batteries— Monroe and Swarts: Smith and
Ptaelps.
COLUSA, June 11.— The game of base
ball between Sutter City and Colusa to
day ended with a score of 28 to 10 in favor
of the home team.
VISA LI A. June 11.— Selma defeated \'i
salia at baseball to-day by a score of 9
to 7.
SAN DIEGO. June 11.— Tn the league
game here to-day the W. P. Fullers de
feated the Los Angeles club by n score of
10 to 0.
WAR ON SUNDAY BASEBALL
DETROIT. Juno 11.— A week ago Sheriff
Stewart announced that he would permit
no more Sunday baseball games in the
county. At the close of the game to-day
he notified the players of both teams that
they were under arrest and ordered them
to report at the jail. This they did. and
they were registered and released for ap
pearance before a Justice to-morrow. The
Sheriff will make to-day's game a test
case to see whether a conviction can be
had under the statute forbidding Sunday
amusements.
BUFFALO. June 11.— The police stopped
the hasehall game between Buffalo and
Kansas City in the last half of the ninth
and arrested the eighteen players. The
men were taken to the station and
charpred with violating- the Sunday law.
President Franklin- went security for the
players' appearance to-morrow.
Kitchener May Go to India.
LONDON. June 12.— The Standard this
morning says: "We understand that the
Viceroy of India (Lord Curzon of Kedles
ton) is anxious to obtain the services of
General Lord Kitchener in India for the
economical organization of frontier de
fenses and expeditions, owing to the ur
gent necessity of effecting reductions in
military expenditure. It is probable
therefore, that Lord Kitchener will be
withdrawn from the Soudan and appoint
ed to a high post in India.
Trying to Save the Paris.
FALMOCTH, June 11.— The underwrit
ers are atill hopeful of being able to save
the American liner Paris, now lying on
the rocks near the Manacles, and the
blasting operations continue-
larney and is at present in this city, is
one nt the most enthusiastic workers
ror the proposed park. Mr. Roche said
to-night that he had received many let
ters commending the scheme and offer
ing hearty co-operation.
\\e are assured of a generous pecu
niary response to the call.-' he said. He
had consulted with several wealthy men
yesterday and was pleased with the re
sult. He declined to give their names.
but added:
"Just wait a bit and yoa can add a
string of names to the list of subscrib
ers as long as your arm."
Mr. Coogan declared to-night that h«,
■was highly elated at th" prosepcts ot
the Killarney park scheme.
"We have more than $50,000 pledged
already for the purchase of the Muck
ross estate." he said. "I have talked
with a great many men on the subject
and nearly every representative Trish-
American in this city is heart and s<M^
for the success of the Killarney parlr. 1
DENOUNCE
THE DEATH
OF DEVINE
Continued from First Page.
assisting <ir encouraging the perpetration of the
crimes committed at Wai Iner the L.th of
April, 1899. 1 solemnly pit-dp.- myself to obey
the law. I
Dated this day of
The meeting will be presided over by
; P. H. McCarthy, president of the Ruild
i ing- Trades Council. The speakers so far
secured are James G. Maguire, Henry E.
Highton and Arthur R. Andree. Mayor
i Phelan had to decline, urgent business
! calling him on Wednesday and Thursday
: t'> San Jose, but he has promised a let
ter to be read at this meeting. Congress-
I man Julius Kahn and Charles L. Patton
! will be asked to speak.
The San Francisco Labor Council on
May 19 adopted resolutions protesting 1
against the abuse? at Wardner and had
them forwarded to President McKinle&Y
whose secretary acknowledged receipi f
i fame. Conditions at Wardner getting
I worse, howeyer. instead of better, it is
! now proposed to wire to the President
resolutions adopted at the mass meeting
in the hop*- that he will iak-- immediate
to have the constitutional rights of
citizens upheld by the military, instead
1 of abrogated, as is now being done by
Major General M< rriam.
The position th^ San Francisco trades
unions take on the Wardner riots is de
t fined by the following quotation from the
resolutions of May 19:
We deplore the acts of violence against prop
erty and the deaths that have occurred in the
affected locality, but we deny that these cir
cumstances afford any justification for
course now being pursued by the authorities.
The civil authorities are invested with full
power to punish the persons responsible for
these crimes, and we pledge our assistance to
that errl l>.v every means compatible with law.
Trusting that you will give space to th.'g
communication, I remain, respectfully ,
ED ROSENBERG.
Secretary Committee of Arrangements.
EXPLODING DYNAMITE
KILLS SEVENTEEN MEN
Magazine Blows Up in Mine at Kim
berly, in Griqualand
West.
CAPETOWN. June 11.— Seventeen na
tive miners were killed and thirty injured
to-day in a mine at Kimberly, in Grio.ua
land West, by the explosion, it is. sup
posed, of a dynamite magazine.
SAILS TO WRONG PORT.
Costly Mistake of the Master of the
Bark Natuna.
PORT TOWNSEND, June 11.— Captain
Fretwurat of the British hark Natuna,
which arrived at Port Angeles this morn
ing, has made a costly mistake, owl]
a similarity of names. The Natuna sailed
from Antwerp December 22. with a cargo
consigned to W. R. Grace & Co., Port Los
Angeles. The captain, evidently, after
leaving port, on locating his destination
on the chart, picked out Port Angeles In
stead of Port Los Angeles and sailed for
that place, not realizing his mistake until
he attempted to enter his vessel at the
custom-house. Then he found that he had
sail, d about 12 ; " i miles north of his d'-sti
nation. A portion of the cargo is for
Portland, < >r.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Every Well Man
Hath His 111 Day."
A doctor' s examination
might show that kidneys,
liver and stomach are normal,
but the doctor cannot analyze
the blood upon which these a
organs depend. Hood's Sar-
' saparilla purifies, vitalizes
and enriches the blood. It
cures you when ** a bit off*
or when seriously afflicted.
Eruptions —" I had annoying erup-
tions caused by impure blood, and physi-
cians' treatment failed to benefit. '< Hood's
Sarsaparilla removed them and I am no
longer annoyed." W. R. Hudson, Na.-
trona, Pa.
Poor Appetite — "Spring finds me
•with a 'weakness and lack of appetite. I
recommend Hood's Sarsaparilla highly as
a. strength builder and creator of appetite."
J. F. Ward, Labelle, Ohio.
3lC€^ SaUafxa lif&
Hood's Pills cure liver ills ; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sargaparlllal
INCnVI I M LOST vigor.
jgHß^ i— i AND MANHOOD.
f%S|ftiy""^ ' Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wastaj«
■K4B diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
\Sp J? indiscretion. A nerve^onic aad blood-builder.
- tK. Brings the pink glow to pale 'hecks and re*
U-K-w- .7 stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
|?A>§Sl bo*' 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
Mlj^Mf^l guarantee to cure or refund the money.
nctvfta medic*! Co., Clinton « Jackson $ts., Ghicago.
E. I*. Baldwin A Co. Druggists, 8 Market, 8. IT.SUCCESS OF THE
MOVEMENT AGAINST
FILIPINO BRAVES
Only Four of the American Troops
Siain While the Enemy's Loss
Is About Four Hundred.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— "War Department to-day received a dis
patch from Major General Otis of the military movement to the south of
Manila for the purpose of clearing out the rebels in that secction. It shows
that the movement was a great success, and the enemy's loss was consid
erably greater than stated in the press dispatches. General Otis' cable
gram is as follows:
MANILA. June 11, 1899.— Terrific heat yesterday did not permit
troops to reach positions at hours designated; enabled majority of in
surgents to escape in scattered organization south and westward, which
they effected during the evening and night. Movement great success,
however: enemy disorganized and routed, suffering heavy loss. Troops
resting to-day at Las Pinas and Paranaque. Navy did excellent execution
along shore of bay, but many insurgent detachments retired in that di
rection, protected by presence of women and children, whom they drove
along with them. Our loss, four killed and some thirty wounded. Report
of casualties later. Conservative estimate of enemy's loss about 400.
OTIS.
MANILA, June 11, 8:10 p. m.— The
*^":iipino occupation of the province of
f vite has been broken and as a result
of the present movement the Americans
now control the important coast towns
of Paranaque and Las Pinas. while a
Ion? line of insurgent trenches facing
our south lines has been cleared.
The insurgents have again proved
their facility as dodgers, between 3000
and 4000 warriors, who seemed destined !
to be captured, having disappeared, the j
majority sliding away under cover of I
the night, after righting the Americans j
all day. Pome others came to meet our
troops -with protestations of friendship.
The Thirteenth Infantry lost one man j
killed and six wounded; the Ninth In
fantry one man killed and five wound- !
ed; the Fourteenth Infantry three '
■wounded and the First Colorado Vol
unteer Regiment eleven wounded.
Yesterday's work was the hardest
our army has seen. The battlefield
stretched out across the entire isthmus
from Laguna de Bai to the harbor.
While the troops were advancing the
army gunboat Napidan, in the river
near Taguig, shelled the enemy, killing
several of them.
The monitor Monadnock and the gun
boat Helena shelled Paranaque and
Las Pi has all day with the full power
of their batteries.
The rebel sharpshooters kept in hid
' ing until the American lines had passed
and then attempted to pot stragglers
from the trees. Thanks to their poor
marksmanship this was without result.
The whole country proved to be a
succession of small hills, with boggy
ground between the high, thick grass,
and lushes in the hollows, which great
ly added t" the difficulty of the ad
vance, but gave shelter that saved
many from the enemy's bullets. Our
men threw away their blankets, coats
and even haversacks, stripping to the
waist and trusting to luck for food.
Water could not be obtained, and there
was much discomfort after the can
teens were emptied.
,\t the outset the CoJorados, the
Ninth Infantry and the Twenty-first i
Infantry forced the line of insurgent ,
trenches, wheeled to the left and drove
the enemy toward the lake. During
this maneuver the Filipinos in con
ceak-d trenches on the right opened an
enfilading fire, but the brigade, partly
owing to the high grass, had few hit.
The Ninth Infantry crossed around
to the right, flanking the trenches,
driving out the Filipinos and killing
many of them.
The Colorado Regiment advanced to
the lake. Two companies encountered
| trenches on top of a knoll, where the
' Filipinos stood waist high above a
trench^ pouring a volley upon the ad
vancing Americans. The Colorado
troops charged and drove them out,
Lieutenant Colonel Moses being wound
ed in the arm as he jumped into the
trench.
In the meantime General Wheaton's
column advanced one and a half miles
toward Paranaque, where the Ameri
cans found a strong trench on a ridge,
out of which they drove the Filipinos
by hard fighting.
The enemy tried to flank the dis
mounted troops of the Fourth Cavalry
accompanying Major General Lawton,
FUTILE SEARCH FOR
LORRAINE'S BODY
Authorities of Marin County Becom
ing Disheartened Over Their
Lack of Success.
SAN RAFAEL, June n. indications
..• the body of Peter Lorraine, the
. hopper of Marin County's
Hole, will never be found, and the
• . - of the county are becoming
.. ; ;. xed. A party of at
went into the wo<
the underbrush in ■
Found no trace- of the miss
. . er. The systematic -
under the supervision of a
. mployed by the county
W . ■(I Taylor and District At
~ The searching party,
nri re from neighboring
mps, did not cease its
irly sundown.
Thi over the body of the
ali< - . man has disheartened
the -- they had hoped to
of the crime
io Is stili held In cus
tody at the County JaiL Sheriff Taylor
• bold
. of murder,
tut they be foi I rive him his
Übertj unless the body is found within
t! • i :•:■.: few .
SLAP AT REPUBLICANS
OF MOKELUMNE HILL
Gage's Appointment of Burleson \
Was Opposed by Party
Leaders.
SAN" ANDREAS. June 11.— The article
appearing in this morning's Call com
menting upon the previous record and
subsequent appointment of Charles M.
Bnrleson of Mokelumne Hill by Governor
G;ige to fill the vacancy created by the
doath of Supervisor Smith, has created
widespread comment. The existing con
ditions relative to Burleson's candidacy
and success had a bearing upon the Sen
atorial light.
Thomas W. Smith, son of the late Su
pervisor Smith, was an ardent Republi
can, and his party turned to him as de
serving and competent. When the time
came for a new Supervisor Smith had the
Vipanizfd strength of the party at his
F;aek and -was confident at success. Bur
'leson wont to Sacramento to see about
his chances with the representatives, and
was told to "go back home and save your
time, as there is no chance whatever for
you to be Supervisor."
Burleßon know there was a Burns ham
and at the same time they made their
advance, throwing a skirmish line to
flank the Fourteenth Infantry. But
they were easily repulsed, the Ameri
can artillery coming to the crest of the
hill and shelling them.
About 3 o'clock in the afternoon Gen
eral Wheaton's brigade, headed by
General Lawton. who, in his white
clothing and helmet, on a big black
horse, was a shining mark for the
enemy's sharpshooters, circled to the
south of Las Pinas, encountering a
large force of Filipinos in the shelter of
the trees. General Lawton had a nar
row escape. In the first volley of the
enemy the horses of three of his staff
oflicers were shot from under them. The
Colorado Regiment bore the brunt of
this attack and dispersed the Filipinos.
Hardly had they finished off that lot
when a large force appeared in the
rear, which the Ninth Infantry and a
part of the Colorado Regiment drove
away. By this time nearly the whole
division was around Las Pinas.
The Amercians camped for the night
south of the town and in the midst or
a heavy rain.
At 6 o'clock this morning General
Wheaton advanced upon Las Pinas
with a troop of cavalry, the Twenty
first Infantry, the Colorado Regiment.
part of the Ninth Infantry and two
mountain guns, crossing two streams
and entering the town without firing a
shot. He then advanced upon Para
naque.
The women and children and, for
that matter, many men, remained in
the towns. No houses were destroyed,
though many were torn by the shells
from the warships. Everywhere the
Americans found white tlags (lying.
So far as can be ascertained, the
Filipino loss is about fifty killed,
about 350 wounded and twenty taken
prisoners.
The whole country is networked with
trenches and the enemy scurried from
shelter to shelter.
To-day long trains <>f commissary
wagons are carrying provisions to the
United States troops along the road,
which only yesterday was the strong
hold of the enemy, and the natives who
erday were probably carrying guns
to-day doffing their hats and grov
g before the Americans with effu
sive greetings of welcome.
The Colorado Regiment returned to
barracks in Manila to-night. As the
ragged and dusty men marched past
the Luneta, the fashionable gathering
place for Manilans, they were heartily
cheered.
ADMIRAL DEWEY
REACHES SINGAPORE
SINGAPORE. June 11.— The United
States cruiser Olympia, with Admiral
Dewey on board, arrived here to-day
from Hongkong. Admiral Dewey's
health continues to improve. The Olym
pia will probably leave Singapore on
June I*s.
Admiral Dewey will land to-morrow
ng. He will be received by a
guard of honor, will go to the Govern
ment house, and then return immedi
ately to the Olympia, where the Gov
of the Straits Settlements, Lieu
tenant Colonel C. B. H. Mitchell, will
r- turn his call. He intends to- remain
i,n board the cruiser, and will rfot ac
cept any Invitations to social functions
on shore. The admiral says he thor
oughly enjoyed the voyage from Hong
kong.
mT out then, while Smith and the people
who worked hard for Gage found it out a
few weeks later, when the appointment
was announced.
BUSINESS MEN TO
BOOM STATE FAIR
Board of Agriculture Accepts the Aid
of Sacramento's Chamber
of Commerce.
SACRAMENTO. June IL— The State
I of Agriculture met yesterday and,
after transacting some business prelim
lßar 3 -• State Fair, adjourned to
the c;i!l of the chair. President .v B
Spreckela presided, and there were pres
ent besides him Directors Frederick Cox
A. \V. Barrett, Grove L. Johnson, F. W
Covej and I>. E. Knight
A committee from the Sacramento
i iber of Commerce appeared and ten
der.-d the Bervices ol the business com
munity toward making the approaching
State Fair a more than successful even;
Phe directors favorably received the com
■ naltt< • and President Fpreckels
appointed Directors Cox, Terry and John
son as a committee to co-operate witl
that from the Chamber "!' Commerce hi
carrying- nut special features at the fair
Resolutions were adopted Inviting See
i retary of Agriculture Wiisun to visit the
j State Fair on the occasion of his forth
• oming trip to California.
Before adjournment President SpreckeK
appointed the following committees:
and X T"rry c ' IJttritUl C " X ' Wlls ' jn - Henshaw
iT.nims ii"<l Publication— Covey, Knight and
I the *ecretary.
Finance— Cox, Matbewi and Barrett,
library— Johnson. Chamberlain and Cobb
Speed rrr;gramnie-Co\ey. Hf-nshaw an,'. Bai
rett.
Legal- Henshaw, Johnson and Mathewa
Special Committees. Thoroughbreds— Terry
Benabaw and Wilson.
Standard Trotters— Covey, Knight and Bar
rett.
I: r>.lpters— Johnson. Wilson and Cohb
I iratthurses — Chamberlain, Knight anc
Terry
• Ja'ks, Jfnnles. etc. -Knight, Wilson am
(""hanihprlain.
Cattle: Durham— ''ox. Mnth-uv and Johnson
:• !n. etc.— Cobb, Chamberlain and Harn-tt
berd -woepstakes— Cox and Mathews; dairy-
Knight.
Sh^pji and goats— Chamberlain, Wilson anc
Johnson.
Swine— Knljcht. Henshaw and Covey.
Poultry — Mathews, Cobb and Henshaw.
Chamber of Commerce — Cox, Johnson. Terr\
and the secretary.
STORER AT MADRID
MADRID, June 11— Mr. Bellamy Storer
United State? Minister to Spain, Mrs
Storer, Mr. Stenton Sickles, secretary ol
the legation and their servants, arrived
here by the Southern Express at 11:40
p. ra. yesterday.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1899.
CAREER OF
T. C. PHELPS
IS CLOSED
Death Ends the Suffering
of the Injured
Man.
VICTIM OFJCCIDENT
Attempt Will Be Made to Appre
hend the Wheelmen Who
Ran Him Down.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. June 11.— Timothy
Guy Phelps, one of the most prominent
citizens of this county and of the State,
passed away at his home at San Carlos
this morning at 12 minutes after 11
o'clock. His death was the direct result
of the criminal carelessness of two bicy
clists, having been run down by a tan
dem.
On the morning of May 30 he started
from the house with a bucket of nails and
a hammer, taking the path along the
county road and going south toward one
of his fields. A short distance from home
he was overtaken by a tandem, going In
the same direction, and without warning
was struck down by the Jiving wheel. The
force of the shock throw the riders from
their wheel. They stopped long enough to
inquire of Mr. Phelps where he was work
ing, and on learning his identity they
made haste to depart. A driver for Mr.
Hull, a dairyman at San Carlos, wit
nessed the accident and from him has
been obtained a description of the wheel
men, which has been placed in the hands
of the Sheriff. As yet nothing has been
discovered which would lead to the cap
ture of the men.
Mrs. Phelps has been prostrated by her
loss and is now confined to her bed.
The arrangements lor the funeral are
now being perfected. Services will be held
at tin house on Wednesday and in all
probability Dr. Horatio Stebbins of San
Francisco, who performed the marriage
ceremony of Mr. and Mrs. Phelps, will
officiate. Captain Smith of San Carlos,
Professor Christee of Berkeley and
Charles Leavy of San Franciso have
charge of the' arrangements. From San
i • os the remains will be removed to
<•<. ;.r'-ss Lawn Cemetery, when they will
be placed in a vault until such time as
Mrs. Phelps decides upon their final dis
position. Che pallbearers have not been
selected, but will be chosen from the
Loyal Legion, Board of Regents and the
Pioneers.
To-morrow the relatives of Mr. Phelps
will have a cast of the face and head
taken, with a view to finally having a
marble or bronze bust made. Just what
disposition Mr. Phelps made of his prop
erty is ii"t now known, as no effort has
b< en made to discover a will.
Mr. Phelps was one of the noted public
nun of California— a man of line character
and great intellect.
Mr. Phelps was born in Chenango Coun
ty, New York, December 20, 1824. In !■>!.".
!,"■• went to New York to engage in mer
cantile business, but afterward went back
to ills rural home and began the study of
law. When the reports of gold discovery
in California reached New York Mr.
Phelps abandoned his law studies and
started for San Francisco. He arrived in
this city December 14. 1549. and soon after
ward went to the southern mines, where
issed the winter and sprint,'. In Au
gust. 1850, he established a business h
■i Francisco. The lire of May, l^M,
swept away the bulk of his fortune, but
-established the business and again
prospered. About this time Mr. Phelps
a public career, which did not end
until death closed it. Jit; made, his last
notable political .speech at the Republican
Convention in Sacramento last Au
gust. He then paid a tribute to the char
a< ter and worth of Dr. Pardpe, and in
■ losing announced the withdrawal of the
doctor from the contest. A dispatch to
The Call under date of August 22 thus
spoke of Mr. Fhelps:
"Near the elevator landing on the main
tionr of th>- Golden Eagle Hotel to-day
stood Timothy Guy Phelps. who attended
a Republican Stat.' Convention as far back
as 1856, when John C. Fremont was the
idol of the party and the Candida;.'
airainsc James Buchanan for the Presi
dency of the United States.
"Mr. Phelps studied the animated
throne of delegates with a curious Inter
est 'hat one could observe in the strong
ly marked character lines of his face. X..
doubt he reflected thnt a generation of
leading public men had entered public life
and passed away since he began to con
cern himself in the political affairs of
California. He mused, no doubt, that
many of the young men whose badges
proclaimed their choice for Governor
were unborn when his voice was first
raised in the. Republican councils of Cali
fornia."
In 1^.;4 ho made his first political cam
paign. He ran for the Legislature in
company with Colonel E. I>. Maker, but
was defeated. In 1858 he ran again and
was fleeted to the Assembly. He was
subsequently elected to the Senate and
served from ISSB to IS6I. He -was a repre
sentative In Congress from California
from IS6I to 1M53. In 1859 he attended a
Republican State convention in Sacra
mento and was a ?adidate for the gu
bernatorial nomination, but withdrew in
Favor of. Leland Stanford. E. D. Raker,
D. R. Ashley. Samuel Hell and Frank M.
l'ixley attended that convention. Dele
gates to the number of 150 met in the
First Congregational Church, Sacra
mento.
Io 18(50 Mr. Phelps was vice chairman
of the State convention which met in San
Francisco to send delegates to the his
toric convention at Chicago which nom
inated Abraham Lincolr for President.
Subsequently, while ser\,g in Congress,
Mr. Phelps frequently met President Lin
coln and gained the confidence and high
regard of the great President.
At the Republican State convention held
at Sacramento June. 1861, Timothy Guy
Phelps was again a '-andidate for Govern
or with Leland Stanford his chief oppo
nent. The nominating ballot was 197 for
Stanford and 104 for Phelps. In 1861. after
the Sacramento convention, Mr. Phelps
was nominated for Congress and elected.
At the Republican State convention held
at Sacramento in June, IS7.">, Mr. Phelps
secured the nomination for Governor.
Later on quite a number of disgruntled
Republicans brought out John Bidwell as
a candidate, and the result was the elec
tion of William Irwin, Democrat. Mr.
Phelps' great ambition was to be Govern
or of California, but the fat^s were
against the realization of his hopes.
Failure to attain tho office of Governor
flid not diminish his political ardor. He
subsequently ran for Congress in the
Fifth District, but was defeated by
Thomas J. Clunie. The contest was very
ci'se Clunle's majority being less than
fifty.
Mr. Phelps served two terms as Collect
or of the Port of San Francisco. He was
first appointed by President Grant in 1869
and was appointed "he second time by
President Harrison. Leland Stanford, who
was United States Senator, secured Mr.
i ! elps' second «ppoiniment as Collector.
The death of Mr. Phelps causes a va
ancy In the Hoard of Regents of the
State University, which Governor Gage
will be called upon to lill by appointment.
Mr. Phelps was active and earnest as a
Regent. He gave close attention to the
affairs of Mount Hamilton Observatory.
In the board he was rated as a man of
superior ability.
Mr l'helpn was a member of Yerba Buena
Lodge No 16, Independent Order of Odd Fel-
Off to the Yosemite.
BTOCKTON, June 11.— Travel to the
fosemite by this route is the heaviest for
.cars. Hardly a day passes that some
party of jolly campers does not pass
hrough en route to the valley. The ex
cursionists generally arrive by boat,
irlnglng their teams and camping outfits
with them. The roads are not dusty yet,
md the travel is more pleasant than it
will be a week hence. Yesterday a Jolly
tarty rode out Main street In a large
tape. There were seventeen in the
rowd, all Oakland and Alameda people,
unong them Misses Mac and Pansy Per-
Uns, daughters Of the Senator. They will
Islt the Calaveras big trees and later
amp in the valley several weeks.
DEADLY SWEEP
OF THE WINDS IN
EASTERN STATES
Loss of Life Caused by Tornadoes
and Destruction of
Property.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 11.— A
special to the Tribune from Sioux City,
lowa, says: A tornado at 5:30 this
afternoon struck two miles from here
and killed three people outright and one
more will die. The dead are:
JOHN MALLOY, farmer.
MRS. JOHN MALLOY, his wife.
HARRY MALLOY, 16 years o-ld, son.
Miss Bessie Malloy, the 18-year-old
daughter, had her skull fractured and
is not expected to live. Thomas and
Pat Malloy are badly hurt. One other
member of the family of father, mother
i seven sons and a daughter was injured.
So far as can be learned at this hour
no one else was killed or Injured. The
family was at supper when the funnel
shaped cloud was first seen, and Dick
Malloy told his parents to go to the
cellar. He ran to the home of Mrs.
Hassell, a widow, across the road, to
warn her and her seven children. He
took them to the cellar and the house
was whirled away, Injuring no one. He
OPPOSES DEMAND
FOR FREE LUMBER
Sentiment Voiced in the
Northwest.
INDUSTRY NEEDS PROTECTION
SENATOR FAIRBANKS GATHERS
INFORMATION.
American Joint High Commissioners
Urged Not to Yield to the
Representatives of
Canada.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, June 11.— For three days Sen
ator Fairbanks of Indiana, chairman of
the American section of the High Joint
: Commission, has been studying the coal
and lumber Interests of this State, with
regard to tho demand of the Canadians
! for free lumber and reduced duty on coal.
Detailed information has been supplied to
him, showing that American workingmen
1 will suffer if the tariff is removed and
American mills and mines are forced to
compete with British Columbia mills em
ploying Chinese. Senator Fairbanks ha_s
been made fully aware that the entire Pa
( i tic Coast is opposed to the cession of the
p. rt on Lynn canal to Canada. He leaves
on Wednesday for Alaska and says he
v- ill cross White Pass to the British cus
tom-houses in making his investigation of
the boundary question.
BANFF HOTEL, X. W. T., June 11.—
Congressman Sereno E. Payne of New
York, member of the Joint High Britlsh
i American Commission; < 'ongressman Dal
j zeli of Pennsylvania, i 'ongressman <;. W.
Steele "f Indiana. Congressman Hull of
1. wa and Congressman Joel P. Heatwole
i f Minnesota arrived here this morning en
rente to Alaska. They will spend three
days in the Canadian National Park, and
after a two days' visit at the great gla
ciers west of here will depart for Van
couver, Victoria and Seattle, sailing June.
2") for Alaska, where they will Join Sena
tor Fairbanks of Indiana. The distin
guished Americans are the guests of the.
Canadian Pacific Railway. They travel in
tiie special car Sissons. which is always
I placed at the disposal of Sir Julian
Pauncefote, British Embassador at Wash
ington.
The trip across the continent was with
out special incident. The Congressmen ex
pressed themselves as hopeful of a speedy
solution of the existing Alaskan dispute,
but declined to go into details until after
they shall have visited Skaguay and other
I points along the disputed boundary.
WILL EXPLODE BOMBS
TO RECOVER BODIES
Method Adopted in the Search for
Victims of the Catamaran
Disaster.
STOCKTON. June 11.— Extraordinary
efforts are to be made to recover the
bodies of Mabel Kalitz and Walter D.
Henderson, who lost their lives in the
catamaran Wave disaster. To-morrow a
party acting under Instructions of Cor-
oner Clark will search the river, using
bombs or dynamite on the surface or in
some manner not to injure the fish. All
pools and localities into which eddys are
likely to have carried the bodies will be
searched. It is thought the bodies must
be within a mile or two of where the ac
cident occurred, as there Is an undercur
rent caused by the tide which does much
to stop the effect of the swift current
which runs in the center of the river.
Some question was raised as to whether
this method is permissable under'the law,
but the Coroner will place the bombs on
boards or in some kind of a contrivance
so that the law for the protection of fish
will not be disregarded. The search has
been stimulated by rewards offered by
citizens, who sympathize with- the sad
condition of the mother of Miss Kafltz,
who prays for at least the consolation of
having her unfortunate daughter interred.
-IK-
Grand Parlor Feature.
STOCKTON, June During the
Grand Parlor of the Native Daughters
this week a select local team will exem
plify the beautiful work of the order.
The team is composed of Past President
Amelia Snyder, President Esther Need
ham, First Vice President Mamie Sulli
van, Second Vice President Ethel Willy,
Third Vice President Lena Nevins, Mar
si al Birdie Bardo, Recording Secretary i
Belle Btockwell, Financial Secretary
Ida Safferhill, Treasurer Sarah Conniff,
Trustees Mamie Snedlgar, Jennie Thrift
and Stella Condy, Outside Sentinel Lucy
Harris, Inside Sentinel Jessie Gianelli,
Senior Past Presidents Hannah Gray and
Grace Willy, Junior Past President Emma
Philllpson. .
Adventist Converts Baptized.
STOCKTON, June 11.— With the observ
ance of yesterday as "the Lord's day,"
the eampmeeting and conference of Cali
fornia Adventists came to a close. Many
of the members will remain for a ouple of
days, but the tents will begin to come
down after to-day. The Adventists de
clare that it was one of the most success
ful gatherings in their history, and they
look forward to a successful year in the
various fields of labor. This afternoon
fifty-seven converts were baptized by im
mersion at Jackson's Baths.
HARRY J. AGNEW DEAD.
Passing of a Well-Known Breeder of
Trotting Horses.
SAX JOSE. June 11.— Harry J. Agnew,
one of the best known breeders of trot
ting horses on the coast, died here to-day
of neart disease. He was the owner of
the Agnew stock farm near Hillsdale. He
was 52 years of age, a native of New
York.
had to hold one boy by the legs as he
was being drawn up by the suction of
the wind.
But the ilalloy family across the road
only remained in the cellar about five
minutes and the father suggested that
the cloud was only rain. They came
up, and in an instant the house was
demolished. The dead and injured
members were scattered about the
ruins. The conductor of a freight train
saw the cloud and stopped his train be
fore it got in the storm, and when he
reached the town he held his train
long enough to bring in the Injured to
the hospital at Sioux City. Wild re
ports are afloat of damage in Wood
bury County, but this cannot be veri
fied.
At Homer, Xebr., a revival tent was
blown over and an unknown woman
was fatally injured.
This is the sixth tornado in this dis
trict this season.
WHITING, lowa, June 11.— A tor
nado struck fifteen miles north of here
at 7:30 o'clock to-night. Telegraph
wires were prostrated and much other
damage done.
PUBLIC MONEYS
FRITTERED AWAY
Alaska Grand Jury's
Sensational Report.
DENOUNCES AN OFFICIAL
SUPERINTENDENT OF EDUCA
TION ACCUSED.
Alleged to Have Deliberately Falsi
fied to the Government Regard
ing the Work in His
Field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU. Alaska, June 6 (via Seattle
June 11).— The grand jury of the United
States District Court for Alaska has
made a sensational report on the conduct
of educational matters in Alaska. The
report reads:
In the hope that it may be able to effectu
ally reach some remedial power or authority
the Grand Jury desires to direct attention to the
deplorable condition of educational affairs in
Alaska.
The blame cannot be Justly laid at the doors of
Congress. Between the years ISS4 and 1597 in
clusive there was appropriated for education in
Alaska an aggregate o f $415,000— a sum which
had it been judiciously expended ought to have
Kiven Alaska a school system fairly commen
surate with the requirements of our people.
We do not undertake to say that there has
been any dishonest or direct misappropriation
of any part of this large sum of money, but we
do aver that a considerable portion of It has
been frittered away in payment of the ex
penses of wholly useless summer Jaunts by
the general agent of education to remote parts
of the Territory and In the establishment of
schools at points where none were needed, un
less, indeed, it be conceded that the education
of the children of a people who
"By day catch the ermine
"And by night chase other vermin"
Are to be given the preference over those of
the intelligent white people who form the ad
vance guard In the march of civilization into
Alaska.
Hut for the reason that it believes that a
large amount of money has been uselessly ex
pended, and, the truth not being made mani
fest, will continue to be expended under the
direction of the general agent of education in
Alaska, while yet the neglect of our educa
tional interests is prolonged, the Grand Jury
would hesitate to refer even causually to his
extraordinary scheme for revolutionizing the
mode of travel and transportation of mails and
supplies in Alaska by the introduction of do
mesticated reindeer from Siberia. But we sub
mit that his utter neglect of the duties for the
performance of which he is paid a salary and
the consequent demoralized condition of our
educational system demand and justify even
a harsher criticism than that which follows.
We charge that this man is untruthful, and
that lie has persistently embodied In his
official reports concerning educational matters
in Alaska that which he knew to be absolutely
false. He has charged time and time again in
his official reports that the clergy of the Greco-
Russian church oppose the teaching of English
in their schools and threaten parents that If
they allow their children to learn English their
boys will be taken away and put into the Ameri
can army as soon as they are old enough to do
duty as soldiers, whereas the truth is that
Knglish has always been taught In the princi
pal Greco-Russian schools. If he has been
guilty of deliberate falsehood In his official re
ports on education in Alaska what reliance
is to be nlaced on those he makes concerning
the use of reindeer in Alaska? The plain, sim
ple truth Is that each and every attempt at t lie
use of reindeer for transportation In Alaska
has been a failure.
The Grand Jury, therefore, earnestly protests
against any further recommendation for the
Importation of domesticated reindeer, and re
spectfully begs and prays on behalf of a l.?ny
suffering people that the honorable Secretary of
the Interior may in his wisdom see fit to ro
lleve Alaska of the incubus of an official who
enjoys neither the respect nor the confidence of
any considerable portion of her people, white
or native, and whose days of usefulness so far
as Alaska Is concerned were long since burled.
SCENE SHIFTS IN THE
BAKER-HOWARD FEUD
Barboursville Now the Mecca of the
Contending Kentucky
Factions.
B ARBOURS VILLE, Ky.. June 11.—
Since the change of venue was granted
at Manchester, Clay County, yesterday
for the Baker murder trials to be held
in the Knox County courts this city has
been in a state of excitement. It will be
impossible in this place, which has a pop
ulation of between two and three thou
sand inhabitants, with good officers, for
euch a tragedy to occur as that at the
village of Manchester yesterday, under
the shadow of the court, when Thomas
Baker, the recent defendant, was shot
dead while a prisoner of the court. As
Thomas Baker had killed William White,
a brother of Sheriff Beverly White of
Clay County, and as the crowd saw the
rifle fired from a window in the Sheritt s
office at the time Baker fell dead into the
arms of his wife, it is thought that there
may be another trial soon and a change
of venue to this place.
When Jesse Barrett turned State's i-vi
dence last Friday "Jim" and Dee Baker
and Charles Wooton were released, as well
as Barrett, the confession showing they
were not implicated. The new indictments
were returned against Thomas Baksr and
his son "Jim" and Wiley Baker, a brothtr
of Thomas, for killing Wilson Howard
and Burch Storr and shooting 'Bat"
Howard with intent to kill. The four de
fendants were released by Barrett's con
fession, and now the fifth by assassina
tion, leaving only Wiley and "Jim ' Baker
to be transferred to the jail here unless
additional arrests have been made to-day
at Manchester, a point twenty-six miles
from a railway, telegraph or telephone
station.
Colonel Adams, who had a battalion ami
a Gatling gun at Manchester the past
week and has done effective work not only
in quelling the mob last night and in
bringing refugees into court earlier in
the week, but also in holding back the
fighting feudists all week, was expected
here to-day with Wiley and ••Jim" Baker,
guarded by the militia, but they have not
iet arrived.
GERMANY'S
STAND CAUSES
UNEASINESS
Prospect of a Failure of All
Important Plans at the
Peace Conference.
DIPLOMATS IN DOUBT
Proposals of America for a Perma
nent Court of Arbitration
Destined to Be Shelved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAG'JE, June 11.— An
authoritative contradiction is
given to the report that there is
grave danger of the arbitration
scheme failing. It is pointed out
that, although Germany may
hesitate to recognize the prin
ciple, she has not yet raised any
actual objection during the dis
cussion.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— While
hopeful that some recommendation in
the interest of peace and civilization
■will be made by the conference at The
Hague, considerable discouragement is
felt by diplomats and officials here as
the result of the announced hostility ;
of Germany to the plans for interna
tional arbitration.
It is undoubtedly true that Germany >
is endeavoring to obtain sufficient votes
to reject the resolution favoring the
scheme for international arbitration, I
and there is a disposition to believe '
that she will get them. In this event one I
important result of the conference,
which the President and his advisers j
expected, will not be accomplished, j
and from present indications it looks j
as though the meeting w,hen it ad
journs will have failed to adopt any of
the ideas which caused the Czar to is
sue his invitation.
Information from The Hague is re
garded as indicating the certainty that
no plan for the limitation of arma
ments will be adopted,, and that there
will be no important modifications of
the treaty of Paris of 1556, but there is
yet a chance that the majority of the
conference will declare in favor of the j
scheme for arbitration of disputes to I
be referred to a tribunal by mutual
consent of the parties thereto.
It is considered probable that the |
Geneva convention will be amended so j
as to apply the rules governing
warfare on land to warfare at sea, but !
j this is all that is now hoped for.
The authorities have recited the Brit
ish scheme of arbitration, which Sir
j Julian Pauncefote is pressing', and
which is reported to have met with
more favor than the American plan.
They sincerely regret that the confer
ence is unwilling to organize a per
i manent tribunal, as proposed by the
! American plan, but every effort will be
| made to amend the British scheme so
| as to embody in it the essential points
I advocated by Embassador White and
I his associates.
CURRENCY REFORM
IS NOW IN SIGHT
Next Congress to Take
Action.
ATTITUDE OF HENDERSON
NEW SPEAKER WILL HASTEN
LEGISLATION.
Proposed Laws to Be in Accord With
the Plan Outlined by the House
Republican Caucus
Committee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, June 11.—
Monetary legislation along the general
lines of the plan outlined by the Repub
lican Caucus Committee of the House
will probably be enacted next winter.
The selection of Mr. Henderson of lowa
as Speaker of the House will better the
prospect for financial legislation. Mr.
Henderson was chairman of the Caucus
Committee which drew up the pro
gramme, and he will exercise his power
as Speaker to bring it forward in the
House and cause its passage.
While Mr. Hopkins probably would
ITave done as much in the Speaker's place
as Mr. Henderson toward securing mon
etary legislation, the advocates of cur
i rency reform are congratulating them
| selves that Mr. Henderson rather than
• Mr. Hopkins is to be Speaker. It is well
! understood that Mr. Hopkins would not
: have exerted himself to bring the matter
i up or have arranged the membership of
! the Banking and Currency Committee so
| as to make an agreement on any partic
ular plan probable.
Efforts will be made to get the pro
posed bill through both houses as soon
as possible, so that new legislation will
; have been in force some time before the
j Presidential election next year. The Re
i publican majority in the House is small,
but it is believed there will be little dif
! flculty in securing a practically unani
! mous vote of the party for such a mod
| crate measure as that proposed. It is not
impossible that Democratic support might
be obtained for it.
In the Senate there can be no question
about the Republicans having enough
votes to pass the bill when It is brought
forward as a party measure.
LOST HIS LIFE IN
THE SAN JOAQUIN
Body cf Richard Hollyes Recovered
From the River Near
Stockton.
STOCKTON. June 11.— The body of
Richard Hcllyes was taken from the San
Joaquln River to-day near the county
bridge. Hoilyes resided near Baehman's
| Landing and has been missing two weeks.
: He did. a great deal of fishing, and on his
I disappearance it was thought that some
accident hau overtaken him. To-day his
body was discovered lodged on the piling
at the bridge. It was taken out and iden
tified as that of the missing man. He
was thirty-five years of age, a native ol
A Prussia, and single.
ADVERTISEMENT^
TREMENDOUS ,'
DEMAND FOR
MUNYON'SINHALER.
NEARLY A MILLION SOLD !
Over 50,000 on the Pacific Coast—
sumptives bliss it because it <>ive» almost
immediate relicf — .'atarrh sufferers de-
clare that it cures them in a few days-
Cough and colds healed a most imme-
diately.
,ggp»% CURES
I|oc| CATARRH,
fJSmLF^FI* Colds, Coughs,
sJs&sos^ Bronchitis,
■ <^s^^P\ Asthma and all
/> *r %^s\\ Diseases of
fJj&T> / Cv) the Throat and
L>urigS.
At all druggists' or mailed to any ad-
dress. Price $i, with everything com-
plete.
It reaches the sore spots.
It heals the raw spots.
It goes to the seat of the disease.
It penetrates obscure places where drugs
taken in the stomach cannot reach.
It acts as a balm andtonic to the whole
system!
Write Prof. Hunyon, 1605 Arch St., Philadel-
phia, for free medical advice on any disease.
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS
Cape Nome, Golovin,
St. Michael,
Dawson,
AND ALL POINTS ON
YUKON RIVER.
The Elegant Commodious
S. S. CHAS. NELSON
ANDERSON, Master.
: Sailing on TUESDAY, June 20th,
at 4 p. m., from Mission-st.
Wharf No. I.
For passage and rates of freight apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION
139 POST ST., S. F.
i 2 SAVE YOUR ""mSnE yTJ !
|: 3|^ From $10 to $17.50 ;
1 1 JS^lSfk You can get the best All-Wool !
'ifraMK Suit Made to Order at '
WfJOE POHEIM
1 / ■ilia lf you want a first - class - i
\ pja| well-fittlnor suit of clothes ,*
( , W£i from $20 to $40 go to |
|: If JOE POHEIM
1 1 *VJpK Fine Clothes at 25 per i
i'! *^f cent less than elsewhere. '
! 201-203 Montgomery St., Cop. Bush, l!
] 1 1110-1112 Market St.. S. F.
I ■
Eyeglass
Cannot
I Slip, tilt or pinch with our new clip- (50 cents).
Bausch & Lamb-Zeiss Stereo Field Glasses,
| four varieties Eastman New Folding Pocket
Kodaks No. 2. and all photo supplies. Th»
best only. New catalogue free.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises.
Phone Main 10.
OPTIDANS^^™*. .
642 Market St. instrument
PURE, HEALTHY, ~P*L
FRAGRANT. jM|
The unnatural odor from per- TftjSju &^
Eplratlon and all other Impurities x fir -^
| art speedily and completely removed and the
! entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
! tone by the daily use, In toilet and bath, of
■ WOODBURT'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
: BURT'S Facial Cream.
000000000000000000
op* PALACE A -^o
°GRAND HOTEL S °
_ SAN MANCISCO.
:** Connected •by a covered passageway. "
** 1400 Room?— wih Bath Attached. O
0 All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE TE2 FBI OIB I O
0 European Plaa.fl.OO per day and upward O
n American Plan. p«r day And upward
W Correspondence Solicited. V*
0 JOHN 0. EIRKPATHICK. Manner. O
000000000000000000
@)[&*k "I TALI S
9/^^ THE NEW
W-HT 10th D. . »te- >*L TT f|fC II U II 1 1
YITALIS 20thBa 7- XL M DCUcnV
PROI) I( KS THE ABll'.T. . 30th Day. Itkßl til Til
KKSCLTB. It quickly 4 Nervousness, Irarotener,
ftijhtly Emissions, Evil Dr^ims Wistins Di«a.«es and all effect!
! of «elf-»bu»» or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lot Vitality
' Power and Failing Memory. Wards oS Insanity and Consurap.
Men. Cures when all other, fail. Insist on baring VITALIB,
no other. Can be carried, in the vest pocket. By nail $1.00
I , per p>cka?e or «ix for 95. 00 with a guarantee to Cure oi
Refund the Mnnry. Clrcnlar Free. Address
tiIIMKT CURE CO., 884 Dearborn St., Clilcag*
Sold by Owl Drug Co., 3aldwln Pharmacy.
; W. J. Bryan (two stores), Crant Drug Co.. In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. ■. • : '
I DR.PIERCES I
GOLDEN
MEDICAL _
DISCOVERY
! FOR THE
1 BLOOP.LIYER.LUNGS.
' i _
\ agg^mm RUPTURE*
. w&Sils'-^ J3m USE NO MORE IRON
JXiB!&g&&L&02Br Hoops or Steel Springs.
Bps3^!gK|a3s*^ Rupture retained with east
■ _^Tfcr»^and comfort, and thousands radl-
■ fßr* cally CURED by DR. PIERCE' a
/&* Magnetic Elastic Truss. ICCall at
\|jr office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
' 620 Market «.. opP. Palace Hotel. San Krancisoa
f.'^BSSß^ki*fiß Ple ** t« » °on-poi*nnosj|
< < l^^^is«Sl remedr for Gonorrhoea,
(--left, Spormatorrhcetv
mxv in l to 5 day*. Whites, unnatural dig.
JSfKm Oc*ranu*d H charges, or any intlamma«
gabs no to •»**«'»'»• tiou, irritation or ulcer*.
P—gPrtreau contagion. tlon of mucous mem.
KTIrHEEvANSCHEMinuno. Cranes. Non-aatringent,
k3&cincin>uti,o BBR Sold b^ *>raC*i«l»,
iHtSw IT 3 a "JKBnor sent in plain -wrapper;
: *Bgs%S*Ll'jlj&T£ b 7 ci P »i prepaid, foj
< «9BHOr4 M 1 1 - 00 - or 3 bottlaa, $3.76.
'^WP'l ■ Circular Mat vi n«acA
I |^RONG&CO. (^S*\
; % Jeatents f 3
\SST33Q MARKET ST. S.F.^SSS^
34
_ . . .
MONDAY JUNE 12, 1890
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communicatiorvs to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. .
PUBLICATION OFFICE .Mcrket and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main I*6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Mo in 1574.
DELIVERED BY CAP.TUERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
P!npl« Copies, .' rents.
Tern by Mt.r. Incluiilntr- Prwtan:
15AIT.Y CALL < Including Sunday i all), one year !*tl.oo
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3. n0
DAILY CALL' ( :r.clud!rg Sunday Call). 3 months 1.5«<
DAILY CALL— By Single Mouth «i.-.c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE . . .908 Broadway
M W YORK OFFICE Ro m IKS. World Building
C. CEO. KI7OGNESS, Advertising Representative.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astor Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. r
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNES*S. Advertising Representative.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 337 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'ciocK- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
o,i:!forn!n— "'The Turtle. "
Columbia — "The Liar?."
Grand Opera House— "El Capltan."
Orpheum-^-.VaudeviHe.
Alcazar — "The Master of Ceremonies."
Tlvoll— "La Fllle d.> Madame Ansot."
Aiharnhra — "Lucia."
Chutes 7>?o and Free Theater— Vaudeville e,very after-
noon nr.ii • -lint?.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis struts— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Ef:.th— Bat
tie of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Lecture by Mr. John Taylor. Tuesday
evening. June 13.
Sherman-Clay Hall — Song Recital, Thursday evening,
June 15.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wells. Russell & Co —Thursday. June 29. at 10 a. m.,
corner Mission a.r.,1 Fremont streets. Planing Mill Machinery.
TIMES WERE NEVER BETTER.
THE commercial si I high-water
■ • ■
2 i; will - : sevei
c have b< I I 5, but
• ry and tin- inti
ronounced
than before. Then i yin
The tlei
[ foi and stee I products is -•
twithstanding i n1 inual adv v
■ ■ . ap
which hav<
again soaring into
■ week mounting to a gain of
■ • year,
rtant place — Omaha — showed a de-
The failures were [jrf i nsi 221 for the
- 3. In addition, the rise in prices
[ualed in many years
■ iron prod ■ r cent, cotton
Is 2 8 per ■ en goods
- 1 per cent. Leather
• ! es 7 per '< ■■•it. these bi
eptions. The characteristic fea
to over-purchase in expc- 1
_ ■ -"ice? than those now ruling. and con
itive manufacturers in many lines have sought to
restrain this tendency, but without avail: the demand
for 1 ''d whether it is fictitious and
: on actual need-, insists upon be-
The iron manufacturers some w<
ted to advanced asking quotations to check
this abnormal call tor their products, and did succeed
■. t. but the demand soon broke out
■ • ever. Luckily, the mood of the
country is cautious, and even Wall street looks upon
urrent activity with a dubious eye, and promptly
upon any undue inflation, as the banks did
with the industrial stocks, and this dis
■ usly may ad as an cfrica
ty valve. The panic - still fre>h in
the minds of the merchants and manufacturer?, and
lo not want a repetition of it just yet.
far as we on this coast are concerned, there is
ing strained or fictitious in the situation. Busi
n a legitimate basis of supply and de
mand. Produce and merchandise are active simply
ise there 1- an actual consumptive demand for
■ ement, as pi minted out last
week, is heavy, and tne exhaustion of supplies of those
largely in California impel- buyers to
purchase heavily to till the deficiency. Especially is
canned fruits, which, at
this tim< ir, arc the leading staple. Stocks
of canned fruits are exhausted, and the canners are
scoui State for supplies. It is the same with
all of which are better
ed up than ?. >r years. Supplies of grain have
'■ iw poini and. in short,
bare of its agricultural prod
uct •■ It -i situation for the farmer, and one
■ ■ irtuallj guarantees
him unusually good price-, this season. Thus it turns
out that the di f 1898 was a blessing in di^
>aned the decks of an accumulation of
produce and merchandise and left them clear for the
current harvest. It is not probable that we shall see
her such season for some years, and it behooves
us to make the best of it. bearing in mind that next
jrear may see the conditions reversed, with an abund
< ' and low prices. Hence the
prosperity of this year should not lead us into extrava
gance
For the rest there i^ little to be said except that
there are no disquieting signs in sight. Trade is
monotonously active :<t good prices for almost every
thing produced in the State. Collections are not hard,
money is abundant, with a slow but certain tendency
toward lower rate> of interest, and failures are small
and unimportant. Like a ship sailing gracefully on a
smooth sea there is nothing to be said except that the
\v*eather is fine.
As it is predicted the new pugilistic champion will
stay with the job for ten years, it is clear our troubles
are by no means ended. The amount of challenging
and counter-challenging, toning and retorting that
can be done in that time is enough to make even the
most sanguine feel a sense of dread as he faces the
awful uncertainties of the future.
STREET RAILWAY BONDS.
A O >MMUNICATION from ex-Superior Judge
F. W. Van Reynegom, published in another
lumn, is worthy of attention. If the view he
s of the effect of the decision in Hunt vs.
rect, then a- to tl c outstanding bonds of
■ • : .et Street Railwaj ■ : »8 to
s, i i :< d street railways
J $7,0.35 ■ an additional <.■ ement of in
irity exists beyond those already recapitulated in
1 tf it be true that the statute of limitations
I runs in favor i • from the date of any
oblij yen bj a corporation as an evidence of
md that, under Hunt vs. Ward, th
■ 'hue which sets the statute in motion, then
.miic;: would liar any action by
bondhol< 1 I Ferries and Cliff House Rail
ipany, the Market Street I npany, the
nibus Cable Company, the Powell Street Ri
. the Park and Cliff House Railway 1
the Park and < tcean Railroad Company and
■ le Market Street Railway Company, so
cry one ol its bonds not negotiated within
c< mcerned.
But we hope tl le case is not quite so bad as it ap-
Judge Van R< and that, notwith
standing his views of Hun; vs Ward, the personal lia
bility of stockholders to pay their pro rata of street
railway bonds may survive. That liability arises un-
I der article XII. section 3, of the Stan ( onstitution,
eh is rmt self-executing, but has been fully en
tion 322 of the Civil Code. If it he the
. where the original indebtedness and the obliga
| tion which extends the time for its payment for a
term of years exceeding three are coincident, that a
kholder is protected by limitation before a right
ction against him accrues, the constitutional
■ 1 for bondholders is destroyed. To hold thai an
gation which prevents a corporation from 1
linsi its stockholders a right of ac
.<!:;. h is incapable of actual enforcement would
equally frustrate the intention of the framers of our
ntal law. In fact either hypothesis would be
urd.
This <•■:-!■ of Hunt vs. Ward.. 09 California Reports,
2, his be< n widely interpi eading to
these nonsensical conclusions. About six months ago
ex C hief Justice Currey, who at a great age retains
ectual vigor and takes a deep interest in
law questions affecting the welfare of the people, pub
ed a very searching criticism upon the opini<
M-e. in which the widespread evil that would re
- nl oi si ime of its pi
gently pn ' Some of his lan
:- a forcible application to the immediate
question in hand: "II is a common practice for ■
the State to borrow large sum- of
; terms of years, for which they issue
interest bearii payable in ten, fifteen, twenty
or more years after the date ni their issue. Are
in such cases presumed to have waived and
quished all right to look for payment to the
kholders as a prospective indemnity against the
of their m \ ested?"
In the case oi French vs. Teschemacher, 24 Cali
fornia Reports, p. 558, it was early decided and it
has since been frequently held that the personal lia
bility of stockholder.- could be waived, but only by
contract. In the opinion of some able lawyer-. Hunt
vs. Ward, when restricted to the exact question it in
volved, can be easily construed so as to avoid an en
■d waiver that would be an obliteration of the
liability itself. In that case, after the foreclosure of
a mortgage against the corporation and the ap]
tion of the proceeds of the sale oi the mprtg
to the payment of a note, there was a judg
ment over for a deficiency which it was sought to en
! primary liability of the stockholders. This
ipt conflicted with the settled law of the State
that the original indebtedness fixed that liability
! which could not afterward be enlarged or extended
bj co or by litigation between a corporation
its creditors. The complaint also, as Mr. Justice
i McFarland .stated, did not attempt to aver the date
v. hen the indebtedness for which the stockholders
were actually responsible accrued, and there was noth
; ing left for the Court to do but to infer the fact from
I the date of the note. Without discussing the ques
therefore, whether the grdunds upon which the
on w is placed transcended the necessities of the
situation, the decision itself harmonized with our
precedents. For example, in Stilphen vs. Ware.
,45 California Reports, pp. no. m. where a judg
ment against a corporation had been treated as the
inal indebtedness that the stockholders could be
pelled to pay, it was decided that this position
was unsound and that the personal liability applied
usively to the indebtedness upon which the judg
men! was obtained, which in that instance was for
services rendered. The injustice of permitting the
duration of the liability of stockholders to be extended
out their consent by corporate acts or by pro
nips against corporations is too palpable for argu
ment. It could only be paralleled by judicial deter
minations that would accord to them total exemp
tion.
The true rule, with which Hunt vs. Ward probably
may be reconciled, is that the personal liability of
stockholders arises concurrently with the first exist
ence of an indebtedness against a corporation that
can be legally enforced, or, in other words, that is
due. Whenever a right of action against a corpora
tion is complete, the three years' statute of limitations
vor of individual stockholders begins to run. Tin,
is the law as established by Davidson vs. Rankin, 34
California Reports, pp. 505, 506. Mitchell vs. Beck
man. 04 California Reports, p. 122. flyman vs. Cole
man, 62 ■California Reports, p. 653, and by sev
eral other authorities in this State, and it is scarcely
sible that it will be permanently overturned or ob
structed by Hunt v 5. Ward.
Apart from equitable proceedings in cases of fraud,
the first legal right of action on their bonds against
street railway companies exists at maturity, when it is
most likely that the additional constitutional and
statutory protection to the public will simultaneously
arise. But this hopeful view of the future of bond
holders does not detract from the necessity of con
sidering the doubt that ex-Judge Van Reynegom has
tersely and appropriately suggested There is no
conceivable view either of the law or of the facts
in which the bonds of the Market Street Railway
Company or of the corporations it has absorbed, in
the face of expiring franchises, diminishing securi
ties and the absence of proper sinking funds for their
redemption, in the sense of ordinary financial busi
an be considered safe. The argument against
them remains intnet. although ultimate collection may
be still regarded as probable.
THE EXAMPLE OF GERMANY.
PV CCORDING to the Oregonian evidence that
/ \ the German flag is rising in the carrying trade
of the ocean, plentiful in all ports of the
world, is exceptionally striking at Portland, where, !
the Oregonian says, the nucleus of the grain fleet <>f
the coming season now consists of six German and
but two British vessels.
Such a disproportion between the number of grain ,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1899.
ships of the two nations will of course not continue
through the season, but. as the Oregonian goes on to
[point out. "considering that the German flag was
almost a curiosity in this port a few years ago. the
showing is a remarkable one. Germany is not only
crowding her shipyards right up to their limits in
producing steam tonnage, but she is buying all sail
ing vesse ding them into fields oi
trade that for ages have been regarded as the special
preserves of the British -hip-owner."
It is notable that the contrast established by our
Portland contemporary is between Germany and
Great Britain. Portland is an American city, and the
grain to be transported across the ocean is an Ameri
can product, and yet the amount of American ship
ping in carrying the ocean trade 1- so -light
it i> noi considered at all. It does not even come in
for a mention.
Such a condition of affairs is by no means credit
able to our Government. That American enterprise
ami energy are superior to those of any other peo
ple is well known. That truth has been attested in a
hundred ways. At the presei I time we are supplying
■machinery for nearl) every country in Europe, and
for the British tin; 1 their work of develop
ing Africa. Yet we lag behind all nations in ocean
-hip building in proportion to our commerce.
The cause of the difference between our accom
plishments in manufacturing industry and in ship
ping i.- too plain to escape the observation of even
the most casual student of the subject. We have
given to our industries on land ample protection, and
.. a consequence they have become the most pros
perous and among the most extensive in the world.
We have neglected, on the other hand, to give any
kind of protection to our merchant marine engaged
ir foreign trade. Thus, while we surpass rivalry in
c industry, we are hardly in the race in the
other.
I he Germans have shown us what can be accom
plished for ship building by proper legislation. With
out anything like our resoui [vantages, they
have built up men-ham fleets that even on this side
■ ! the globe are competing with the British. Should
the United States adopt the German plan and policy
with respect to shi] - I would noi be long before
the fleets of this coast would .-how the American to
be the rising flag in the trade of the ocean.
THE DEWEY MONUMENT FUND.
r\ F the meeting of the Dewey monument com
/ \ .mittee last Friday, the sub-committe<
gaged in collecting contributions for the fund
made no formal reports, as some of the members
were out of town, and others had reasons for desiring
delay. It was announced, however, that the sub
scriptions now amount to more than $30,000, and
other large amounts are assured."
The movement is one which appeals to the people
of the whole State, it has been received with cordial
approval everywhere. The people - c it is
right and fitting that this . tion should manifest
n- some permanent and. impressive form their admira
the great victory oi Manila Bay, their appre
ciation of it- importance, and their gratitude to the
patriot seaman under whose command it was accom
plished.
Rarely has any movement of a similar nature been
undertaken with better auguries of success. It is but
a short time since it was first proposed and yet nearly
third of the entire amount required has been al
ready contributed. \"<: tl . ontribution has been made,
moreover, without solicitation. It has been the spon
taneous offering of men whose ardent sympathy with
the patriotic enterprise prompted them to act at once.
Nor does it represent the whole amount that will be
given. When the report- of the sub-committees
submitted next Friday the total amount of the
subscriptions will undoubtedly be gratifying to every
citizen who lias a loyal interest in the enterj
In addition to serving as a demonstration of the
public appreciation of the services of Admiral Dewey,
the construction* of a monumental structure of the
magnitude proposed will Rive San Francisco a stimu
lus toward purely artistic work. The adornment of
tlie city by so noble a structure will increase its at
tractiveness and strengthen the artistic as well as the
patriotic aspirations of the people. The enterprise,
therefore, 1- one which appeals to civic and to State
pride as well as to national loyalty, and well merits
enerous and cordial support which has been thus
far so liberally accorded it.
TIMOTHY GUY PHELPS.
BY the death of Timothy Guy Phelps California
loses <,ne t the most useful and public-spirited of
its citizens, and the Republican party one of the
most eminent and honored of its leaders. The loss to
both the State ami v, the party is great, ami the death
will be mourned by thousands outside the immediate
circle of his relatives and friends.
Mr. Phelps was one of the strong, earnest men who
joined the Republican party in its early days and
li Iped to win its first victories over the slave power.
His force of character soon made his influence widely
felt, and his personal popularity won for him a fol
lowing that gave him prestige in party councils. His
service to the nation, however, was not confined to
party work merely. As a member of Congress and as
Collector of this port he demonstrated a high capacity
fcr both legislative and executive tasks and per
formed with exemplary zeal and fidelity every duty
which official responsibility required of him.
The salient characterstics which marked the found
ers of the Repnblican party and which were so nobly
and heroically illustrated in such men as Lincoln and
Seward and others of that period, were notable in Mr.
; Phelps. His partisanship was the outgrowth of
principle. Politics was to him a means of promoting
the national welfare and not a struggle for the spoils
of office. The sterling honesty and integrity of the
man were never doubted even by his political op
ponents. His influence for good was everywhere
recognized where his fame was known, and from
all parts of the State cordial tributes of loving praise
will be given to his memory.
A suggestion has been made that America may be
asked to act as mediator between England and the
Transvaal. The little difficulty in reference to the
Alaskan boundary, involved, as it has become, with
England's threat not to permit our exclusive control
of the Nicaraguan canal, may suggest to Washington
that it has its hands full trying to attend to its own
affairs.
Death "has claimed another victim of the Market
Street Railway Company. The railroad is interested
in a very fine local hospital maintained by the money
ff railroad employes. Would it not be well for the
authorities of the corporation to discuss the necessity
of establishing a morgue for the reception of its
victims?
The statements of the Hon. P. Reddy concern
; ing the condition of affairs at Wardner. Idaho, show
, that the situation there is one that ought to be probed
with what is popularly known as "a sharp stick." and
it is gratifying to know the probing is likely to be
, done, and clone well when it gets started.
THE CALIFORNIA QUEST
FOR COPPER AND GOLD
The big copper belt reaching 170 miles
fr.>m Fresno County to Nevada Coun
ty, along the Sierra Nevada foothill
region has been recently brought Into
prominence by the copper boom, and now,
after Wins years ol almost total neglect,
it is the softie of a great deal ol pros
pecting, of small development operations
In many copper claims and of muclvbond
and buying of prospects and slightly
developed mines. The biggest new opera
tions of the present in California arc near
1 "i>ier City in the great copper belt of
La County, and a number of copper
prospects arc being exploited In Plumas
and adjoining northeastern counties, but
copper prospects, Rood and good-for-noth
ing, are inure numerous along 1 the Foot
hill copper belt. Here several mines are
lately being worked in a small way, the
ore being shipped to Selby's.
Herbert Lang has recently made a
study of California's copper regions, and
he published an interesting paper on the
1 i othill copp r bell in the New Fork
Mining and Metallurgical Journal. This
bell lies west of the Mother Lode and
lower down and consists of series of com
plex veins, bearing gold, silver, zii
other "copper minerals" in various de
grees. Th< copper is gem-rally found be
low the zone of oxidation. The widths
of the veins, of course, vary greatly. In
the Shasta County belt the tire occurs
rather In larger lenses. The deposit Is
very wide at Copperopolis. At the Cop
per King mine, recently developed in
no County, it is about fifteen feet
and bears 7 per cent of copper. At the
Spenceville mine in Nevada County it is
forty feet and 4 per cent cop;., r. In the
Satellite at Camp Seco there is thirty
feet of pay ore.
"Thousands of locations have at one
time and another been taken upon the
copper belt and much work done," says
Mr. Lang. "A dozen mines of importance
have been developed, and there are as
many more which give promise of becom
ing such. Tile heaviest producers in past
times tia \ c been those at Copperopolis
ami Camp Seco, In Calaveras County, and
Spenceville, in Nevada County, which
have been the scenes of extensive and at
times lucrative operations. Hack in the
Sixties, When tile tifSt. Cupper excitement
raged in this State, metallurgical pro
cesses were Introduced fi r the treatment
of the ores, and the first water-jacket fur
naces that we have certain and accurate
records <>]' were built to smell tic ores of
the (.■upper belt. The r< trains of Several
i<{ these "M plants are still in existence,
■!i (it course out of use. <>n the bank
of the Mokelumm , a; Camp Seco, the cu
rious traveler may see and examine the
relics of one of the first attempts at blast
furnace smelting In the United Si
most remarkable for the scarcity of slag
and the abundance of 'sows' produced."
He describes four stages of the working
of the mines In this belt In the past. In
the initial stage of exploration and de
velopment, in the sixties, large quantities
of rich oxides and sulphides were shipped
to foreign smelters or reduced In small,
rude and uncertain furnaci s. About ICTO
copper fell half in price, and work stop
pi I. Beginning several years later a few
mines were worked again tor a few years
by the teaching process. The or .-= were
roasted in heaps f ■ and then
treated by water, which partially leach
ed out the sulphates, which were precipi
tated on scrap Iron, producing copper ce
ment, i >p,. rations ci ■ Ing great
heaps of ore, which have been leached In
a small way for years. Ten years ago
smelting was tried again ai Copperopo
lis and at Camp S< Copperopolis mines
were worked on a large sea;.. Bui op
: s wen stopped In a few months,
and have never been renewed. Mr. Lang
explains the failure by the Imperfi I
of m thods. The produci was noi suffl
clentlj concentrated. The roasting and
smelting produced matte only 40 per tent
copper, and shipping rates to the coast
were hi^h. He does not note another of
the ri •■ high cost of coke and
coal at the smelter. He estimates that
00 tons of ore were mined,
; ng, perhaps, 50,000 tons of metal. In
IS9S the Mountain Copper Company of
Shasta County mined 222,000 tons of ore.
Now the fourth period has come, with
feverish efforts to buy and sell properties,
and a general exploitation of this copper
belt. Scores ri f claims are being worked
< again, and many worthless properties
are heint; sold. If the copper demand
. long maintains its present relation to
supply a number of important producing
mines and smelters will unquestionably
i en along this belt.
The anini.il meeting nf the American In
stitute of Mining Engineers to be held in
Sa;i Francisco will begin Its session on
Si pt( mber 25, according to advices frotn
s. retary Rossiter W. Raymond to E.
tl. Benjamin, secretary of the California
Miners' Association. Mr. Benjamin and
the appointed committees of the associa
tion have well In hand the arrangements
that will make tin.- session probably the
Interesting and profitable one the
Institute has ever hela. The event will,
of course, 1 £ large Importance to the
mining Industry of the State in many
ways, and the appeals for financial and
other co-operation which will be made
will deserve unstinted response. The mm
Ing resources of the State will receive
large advertisement through the visit of
so many of the representative mining
men of the United States and through
what is written of their stay In the city
and their wide tours for observation.
Secretary Benjamin Is preparing the
finest exposition of the mineral resources
of the State that will have been pro
duced. It will be superbly illustrated,
printed and bound and will describe the
Industry and mineral resources in general
and by counties. Advertising will help
defray the cost. It will be distributed
gratis to members of the institute and to
others will b< sold for probably $f>.
Secretary Benjamin, with legal advice,
has prepared on behalf of the association
a form of location notice, soon t<> be
printed and ready, which the association
hopes will become the recognized form
for use throughout the State. As each
mining district may now prescribe forms
of notice not Inconsistent with the Fed
eral law, a uniform style of notice is
very important.
The Mokelumne River is undoubtedly
one of the gold-bearing streams of the
auriferous region whose beds bold buried
and submerged unworked gravel which
it will pay to work by skillful dredging
on some plan. A Mr. Davis lias invented
:t machine, a. plan and a BCh( me to gel at
of its old gravel bearing "$2 to $5 a
yard," and all of these Inventions seem
new and remarkable developments In the
mining: world to say the least, lit tells
the Stockton Mail about it, and as likely
as not it is all so and all right His n»w
dredger, as planned, "consists of an ap
paratus, either in a boat or on a plat
form on land, for subterranean hydraulic
work. A large t"^i •■ Is sunk In the ground
by it. and through pipes two streams of
water are forced with great velocity.
One of t!;i- streams loosens and tears iip
the ground at the bottom of tho hole, and
the other brines up the sand and debris.
The gold is not brought to the surface
with the sand, as might be supposed, but
is washed tree from it by means of a de
vice at the lower end of the pipes and
collects in a pan there."
Tho scene of operations is to be near
Wallace, on the Pan Joaquin side of the
river. Here the bed la a half mils wide
and nearly all dry in summer. "The ap
paratus will be mounted on a heavy
wooden track built in two sections and
placed transversely to the river, the sec
tions being moved alternately as the
work progresses. When the apparatus
has made its half-mile passage across the
tracks will !>•■ moved a few feet further
up stream and the dredger will make its
return trip, and so nn."
Mr. Davis has bonded two and a half
miles of the river bed. asserts that his
dredger w-ill handle 1500 yards a day and
at from S3 to $,"> a cubic yard the gross
returns should be $4600 or $7500 daily,"
warranting an investment of $100.000' in
machinery ,
The third odd feature is that this bond
of Mr. Davis' is only for the surface
ground down to and including the first
gold deposit. Another company has
bonded the gravel beds of the ancient
river beds lying further below. Mr. Davis
takes the top or modern deposit with his
dredger. The Milwaukee company, it is
reported, controls the auriferous gravels
"of the Pliocene period" within the same
surface area. In boring they struck gold
bearing gravel at !<."> feet and then went
t;> '_':->,n feet with results so satisfactory
that they will sink b double shaft to that
depth and work by the drifting process.
At several plr.ces big bowlders of rir-h
quarts rock were found lons years ago
and kept a generation or two of pros
pectors hunting for the great ledge. One
Instance is near the Altoonn quicksilver
mine at Cinnabar. Trinity County, where
huge bowlders of pay rock have lain at
the foot of a hill without providing
enough ore for a mill. The tantalizing
mystery of that ledge remains, and there
have been many theories of where they
came from and how they not there
Georere Carr of Carrville has been, soend
ing- thousands driving a tunnel into the
hill, where he has faith the ledge lies.
Alpine County has always bad its Bowl
der Hill, thai comes to the front again.
In early days an immense bowlder assay
ing ;: ; ■■ i to U was found aiid named
Franklin. Henry Van Sickle staked the
Rnders to the extent of $3600 in a search
for the ledge and lost it all. They have
searching ever .since-. There are
many '.i!:e r quartz bowlders, ar.i years
- m< were broken up and worked in
an arrastre. Now Edward Lewis and
Musser of Markleeville are re-
I to have found the !■ sped
to have a mine.
The activity in gold mining everywhere
continues in an Increasing ratio. That
■ new sold mining companies were
Incorp irated in San Francisco is bul a
• hint of the new life that has come.
ral hundred mining com
panies with several thousand sharehold
ers in San Francisco and a great many
residents who are financially interested in
mines in a personal or partnership way.
There i.- hardly a small town in the State
which has nil residents Interested in
mines to some degree, and more gold
mining companies are forming than ever
before. The mining regions are full of
prospectors, the mining towns are full of
promoters or buyers looking for mines
promising prospects and the mining ma
chinery and mining supplies p. op!.' are
full of bus;:
old and new mines nre booming ahead ;
in Amador County. The new shaft "ijt» e
old Lincoln has reached 1000 feet The
i : . w 3500-foot shaft of the Kennedy is go-
Ing down right along with four machine
drills at work. The big new shaft in the
Oneida is at 1880 feet. The Sheep Ranch
lias been reopened and is promising.
Tin- tailings of the old mines in Plym
outh are being run through Hmitmgton
mills and the gold that was thrown away
by former operators, lost through crude
processes and imperfect methods, is being
recovered in paying quantities Many
new properties are being exploited.
With a well-boring drill prospectors in
Calaveras County have found twenty feet
Id-bearing gravel at a depth of 160
f ee i This nomical method of pros
pecting gravel deposits will increase
rreatlj In use. The best forms are the
drilling machines made expressly for this
"A number of mining men have been in
town this week looking for an opportunity
cure mining property," says the
Mountain Echo of Angels Camp, Calave
ras County. "They have little opportunity
to accomplish their desires In this respecj
unless they have plenty of coin or good ,
backing." The sam«- may be said ol
h< ores of other minine cci
Work on the big electric plant for the
Utlca mine is being pushed and is expect
ed to be ready in three months.
The Butte Basin Tunnel Company, con
trolled by Messrs. Holme* and Perry or
S:m Francisco, will resume prospecting
operations In its gravel mine In Amador
County. Two years ago a 1700-fooi tunnel
was driven from Big Bar Gulch without ,
striking pay gravel. All the tunnel accom
plished was to dry up all the wells in the
region and to carry out a large volume of
water.
1 he new Miners' Association of Tuol
umne County is growing in membership
rapidly, it lias established a free reading
room and bureau of information in So
nora.
Tin- Shawmut-Eagle mine of Tuolumne
I j [a pri parii g for a big pipe line
will supply water power at 1000 !•■ '
3ure.
Hayden Hill, in Lassen County, is one of
the lively and promising mining districts
that have taken on new life. The Golden ;
Mining Company Is getting in a'
amount of new machinery.
North Star mine, now in litigation, lias
dh played $!" ore in a 70-f< ot shaft
A hundred people, mainly of Angels.
Camp and also of Stockton and San Fran
cisco have subscribed for the stock of th.-
United Labor Gold Mining Company,
which has acquired th> old Pioneer mine,
.in the mother lode, in Calaveras County. !
It is said that when it was worked near j
tin surface years ago several po<
were found.
J. O. DENNY.
STREET RAILWAY BONDS.
Are Stockholders Liable for
Them?
Editor of The Call— Sir: Your editorial
beaded "Street Railway Bonds and
Stocks" in The Call of yesterday makes a
strong and timely showing of tlip dubious J
character of the securities upon which the j
bond Issue of the leading street railway I
of Ban Francisco rests. As the savings of j
many who cannot afford to risk the loss
<>:' any part of their principal Is likely to
be invested from time to time in these
bonds, the press of the city is doint; a
good work when it holds up to public in
sp( ction the facts which show how inade
quate the security is upon which the ulti
mate payment of these street railway
boi 'is depends.
My attention has been challenged by one j
statement in the editorial referred to
which shows that the writer has overlook- j
ed one Important point as to the liability !
nt the stockholders of these corporations.
After calling attention to the fact that no
provision Is made for an adequate sinking
fund for the payment of the authorized
Issue of $17,500,000 of bonds when they ma
ture, and showing that the property
pledged for their payment will be of but ;
little value owing to the lives of the fran- ;
chises of the corporation being near their,
end when the time comes for payment of ;
the bonds, the writer Bays: "when the
securities nave been divested of all value !
cxci pt the property remnants that sur- |
vive the existing franchises, the bulk of j
the indebtedness will have behind it only
the personal liability of stockholders and
such equitable relief as the peculiar man
agement of the monopoly may justify.'
Unfortunately, the bondholders will not
have even the slender security of a per
sonal liability of the stockholders.
A^ to the personal liability of the stock
holders upon these bonds when they ma
ture, there will be absolutely none. Sec- j
tion 359 of the Code of Civil Procedure of
California provides that actions to en
force the liability of stockholders of a cor
poration must be brought within
years after the liability was created. This
provision of law has been successfully In- :
voiced In si veral cases, which have been
decided by our Supreme Court, to protect
stockholders from liability for the obliga
tions of corporations which have matured
mon than three years after their crea
tion. It would seem at first blush that
this a hard rule of law. which deprives
a creditor of recourse against the stock
holders of a corporation upon n claim on
which he cannot bring suit until after the
statutory liability of the stockholders Is
barred by limitation. Hut as was well said
by Judge MeFarland in the decision of the
Supreme Court of California In the case
of Hunt vs. W;.rd (Vol. 99, Supreme Court
Report, page 612), concurred In by Judges
(!•■ Haven and Fitzgerald: "Such a con
dition of affairs would not be the m
sary outcome of the law. for the le
Kives the creditor ample room and time to
Bubject stockholders to their independent
liability for the indebtedness of the cor
poration. But if he chooses to make a
contract with the corporation by which I
Its payment of the indebtedness is post
poned beyond the three years' limitation
in favor of the stockholders, he simply
does an act which practli ally waives his
right against the latter." The case of the
Hank of San T,uis Oblspo vs Pacific
Steamship Company (Vol. m.'i. Supreme
Court Reports), is another California case
which denies the creditor of a corpora tioi
recourse against its stockholders under
similar circumstances. In this case the
court says: "It must now be regard..] as
settled law in this State that the liability
Of a stockholder of a corporation to pay
his proportion of Us corporate d.l.ts is
one created by statute, and an action to
enforce that liability must be brought i
within three years after the cause of ac
tion accrues." Later decisions of like Im
port have been given by our Supreme
Court, and the same rule of law was ap
plled by the I'nited States courts in an
action brought to subject the Stanford es
tate to liability for the bonded debt of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company, in!
which action the court held that the es
tate was not liable.
The statute of limitations in California
gives three years after the discovery by j
the aggrieved party of the facts consti
tuting a fraud in which to bring an ac- I
lion for relief upon the ground of such
fraud. Tf some of the many rumors of I
1 rlfaery and venality i:: connection with
the granting of street railway franchises
in San Francisco could be traced down,
and definite legal proof of such frauds in
obtaining them should at any time here
after be had, an action might he success
fully' brought in behalf of the people to
revoke or annul such franchises. This
possibility is an added element of uncer
tainty and risk to be considered in ascer
taining the value of the seVurity for the
payment of these street railway bonds.
F. W. VAX KEVNEUUM.
Son Francisco, June 9, lt>9&.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. S. B. Swift of Ferndale is at th«»
Lick. -y
Dr. B. A. Plant of Santa Cruz is at tils
Grand.
Senator S. M. Sprague of Auburn is at
the Russ.
Lieutenant E, P. Jessop, U. S. N., is at
the occidental.
O. J. Woodward, a banker of Fresno, is
at the Lick.
F. T. Schuyler, a capitalist of Seattle, is
at the California.
George D. Fiske, a rancher of 'Wood
land, is at the Gl
William Maguire, a mining man of Lib
erty Hill, is ai the Grand.
A. L. Lean, a merchant of Eureka, and
■ I ■ at tii" Grand.
I^. I. Benton, the fruit canner, of Sac
ramenr. ,g at the L!< K.
Frank li. Hall, the mini er, re-
I d is stop-
Georgi .-' j and Mr.
and Mrs. Cam] if Madrid are regis- .
; the r
Major s. c. W< ; I r, wife and son came
down from Man Island yesterday and
are registered at th< Occidental.
Margaret Anglin and Mrs. Thomdyke
Boucicault ar< si rnia.
M. 11. Harlov . a mining man of I lold
Gulch, is at the Gi
E. K. Barley George M. Pin
ney, H. M. Whi J. A. Chanslor
came up from Los Ai terday and
registered at the i
Sheriff T. M. Brov ka, Hum
boldt County, is I
down an insane worn: . ■ ho will bi c
signed to the Stocki n asylum.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The American practice with sub-caliber
target shooting has been adopted in the
channel squadron of the British navy.
It is proposed to provide the pea-groins;
torpedo boats in the French navy with
two pole masts and leg-of-mutton sails to
serve in case of breakdowns of the on
gin*
The British torpedo-boat destroyer
Kestrel, built at Clydebank, averaged
30.406 knots in six runs over the measured
course, and the Leven, built at Fairiield,
averaged 30.672 knots, and 30.201 knots dur
ing a continuous run of three hours.
Old historical names are being resur
rected in the British navy for the new
ships. Four battleships are to be known
as Russell— of which there has been three
—Duncan (3), Cornwallis (5) and Exmouth
(2). Of the cruisers King Alfred has had
four namesakes; Clyde, two; Africa,
three; Leviathan, three, and Drake, ten.
Two steamers have been built in Eng
land tor Japanese owners, which in time
of ace will run as passenger and freight
boats, and in war times or in case of
pestilence may be readily turned into hos
pital ships. They are of 4794 tons dis
placement and have a length of 332 feet
and 39 feet beam, and will accommodate
350 patients. A 1
The relative healthfulness of the nine
principal stations of the British navy in
commission shows, according to the sur
geon general's report, the following num
ber of sick persons out of every one thou
sand on the stations: Southeast coast of
South America, 26.75; Pacific station, 2n!i2;
Mediterranean, 36.09; North America and
the West Indies, 36.31 . home station, :;7.N;
Australian, 39.6; East Indies, 43.79; Good
Hope and west coast of Africa, 45.21 ;
China, 46.42. The total average loroe
afloat during 1898 was 80,540 and the death
rate was 5.23 per thousand, including 303
deaths from disease and 117 from injury —
the latter chiefly victims of the Benin
campaign. . . -,
Five ironclads and six cruisers are to be
struck from the effective list in the
French navy and will eith.-r be sold or
utilized for harbor and other service. The
Ironclads aggregate ! I . and are
the Colbert, Trident, Richelieu, Turenner
and Victoreuse. The discarded cruisi rs,
of 15,135 t'.ns total, Arethusa,
Dubordieu, [nconstant, Naiade, Nielly,
Primigault and Rignald de Genoielly. All
these vessels were built between W:i and
LS76, and wen constructed either wholly
or partly of wood and had outlived their
usefulness. Only one Ironclad with.
wooden hull, the Bayard, remains on the
effective list In I h navy and as
she was built in 1880 will soon be relegated
to "rotten row." There are no armored
vessels in the British navy with wooded k
liulls. nor cruisers, and the few comp
vessels are allowed to remain on the list
Bolely, apparently, to swell the numb* c
of ships, for they have no fighting value.
The trials of the British torpedo-boat
destroyers have been highly successful,
the boat exceeding her contract speed of
thirty knots by nearly one knot and the
engines developing 541 horsepower over
the guaranteed 6000. The Mermaid was
built by Hawthorn. Leslie & Co. at N v.
castle-on-Tyne, and is 210 feet by 21 feet,
displacing 320 at a maximum draught of
nine feet. She is fitted with four Thorny
croft water-tub.- boilers to carry 250
pounds of steam, and her six runs over
the measured mile ranged from 2!>.f«'il co
31.301 knots, giving an average of 3'J.!'27
knots. During the three hours" trial at
sea the boat was down to a draught of
5 feet 3% inches forward and 8 feet 3-?*
inches aft. The steam was -"■ pounds in
the boilers and with an ail pressure of
4.96 inches of water in the stokeholds,
vacuum of 22.8 to 22.1, the revolutions av
eraged 396 and the speed 30.533 knots.
The torpedo gunboats Skipjack and
Speedwell have been overhauled at an ex
pense of $264,450 and $255,000 respectively.
which equals their first cost ten years
ago. These repairs have caused some ad
verse criticism against the British Ad
miralty, and the report of Admiral Fair
fax on these boats, ma a few years ago
after the naval maneuvers, Is resurrected.
The admiral reported that the boats were
deficient in speed and coal capacity, and
so lightly built and engined that they
were utterly unreliable. Captain Long, on
the other hand, in a subsequent report,
found the boats useful These contradi^
tory expert opinions show that navy offi
cials are as likely to differ as ministers,
doc tors and lawyers, and the adverse re
port made on the Dolphin in our navy
fourteen years ago by two sets of naval
officers have proved to be at variance
with facts, for the Dolphin has proved.
herself stanch, seaworthy and speedy.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'3.*
Trunks, valises;, traveling rolls, belts,
nurses. Best g< ods, best values at San
born & VaJVs, 7U Market street. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), olu Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. •
A recent census in Paris shows that
there are no fewer than 17.735 doctors in
that city.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used [or arty yean t>y millions or
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softena
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For^ sale by Druggists in every
part of the world.' Be sure and ask for ilra.
Winalow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
The Bio Grande Western Railway
Take pleasure In announcing the Inauguration
June 1. 1899. of a complete dining-car service
between Ogden and Denver on all transcontW
nentul trains. Service a la carte. General OS
flee. 14 Montgomery st.
■ ♦ «
HOTEL DEL COHONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. • Now only $80 by
steamship, Including fifteen ('.ays' board at
hotel longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at 4
. Wew Montgomery street, gan Francisco,ALMOST LEFT
HER BONES ON
THE FARALLONES
A Close Call of the
Hyderabad.
CAUGHT IN A NORTHWESTER
FIVE OF HER CREW INJURED
IN THE HURRICANE.
Sails Blown From the Bolt Ropes,
Running Gear Chafed Away and
Vessel Thrown on Her
Beam Ends.
The overdue British ship Hyderabad
reached port yesterday afternoon. She
lya coming from Newcastle, N.
25 pi i cent premium had be< n
to reinsure vessel and cargo. The
■ bark Mario, which Bailed nearly a
month after her, beat the ship blx days
>rt.
The Hyderabad had a most exasper
voyage. Nothing but light winds
and calms v. •• r, encountered until the
of California was reached, and then
a northwester was run Into thai marly
. Mi 1 on the Farallones, In
.:) order to wear ship in a hurry
some nf the sails had to be cut away and
then it was touch and j:o with vessel and
all on board.
For weeks the Hyderabad never
changed her position and the wear and
tear on th< sails and running gear was
worse than if she was In the hardesi sale
that ■ weeks she only
red forty-two miles and nearly all
of tl. . ide by drifting with the
current. In i».ay 24 . Birthday)
ship whs eighty-nine days out and
mih s from S tsco. Both cap
.'. were sick and disgusted,
and it began to look as though there was
n the ship.
A • hang< was coming, however, and
. .; came with a rush. l,ast
. week a breeze sprang up and
th.it day in.- Hyderabad logged 205 miles.
The next day, June 5, it was blowing a
as w. re constantly break
ing aboard. A squall struck the vessel,
ing her up in the wind and laying
her over until the lee rail was. under wa
ter. It looked for a moment as though
all was up with the Hyderabad, l>ut Cap
tain S ■ red the topgallant and up
per topsail halyards let go and away
ts. 'This saved the masts
. ased un the ship.
"Th< dei ks w< re full of water to the
rail." sa:d Captain Scott when speaking
nger. "and nothing could be
•■> save tin- sails. Five "f the crew
Injured by being washed into the
mi ■: ■ ■ m "iily es
rboard !>y a miracle. The ship
k In the trough •>■: a heavy
her main hatch under water.
All the running gear had gone out
t hr< .-.. rts .ir.d was by degrees
By 8 p. m. it was blowing a
. gale. Three upper topsails, three
• sails, the mainsail, cross jack.
id main topmast staysail were car
and the braces and running
: off.
we got straightened out a bit
imed up black and
tening a the sail we could carry
was set In order to clear the nuk. but at
■ rhed as though we wep
to strike. ] had to wear ship in a
hurry, and in order to get her round 1
had to order the three lower topsails cut
away. \Ve got out of that scrape, but
the did n..t abate any and the next
day (June 6) we lost three royals and two
I staysails. < >h. I tell you we made
months of calm we had gone
through. Why. the wind took those sails
ugh they were
-^.i much brown paper. It was June 9
gale subsided and we ■
Francisco
9 the five disabled members ■■*■
■ ... ■ it again and
' :■. ■ nages
■ _ • ga ■ dcs all the I
I lost the upper topsail and topgal
lialn sheets were broken, the '
staj - and Bcrew dogs were broken
torn away fp'tn the yards, shi
rdarms brok< n md chain
aloft damaged. How was that for
n wind up to three months of light winds
l '.ins?
"During our spells of light weather we
two other encounters with islands.
but, thank God. the ship was never In
r. On April 4 we drifted past So-'
[sland ana on Awi! 13 we were th"re*»
miles off Hulls Island. I saw a tall flag
staff and two huts and one building, but
en fif life. I hoisted our flag and
but no one respond
evidently no one on the island and I
the huts a flag
up by a British man-of-war. This has
ibout the longest voya cc the H
abad has ever made. On her last trip
from N'ev. San Francisco she
he run in fifty-eight days."
The Filipino and His Land.
No mor>- Interesting topic could be se
• lire than Ihe one which is
r."W occupying the atteni svhole
v. rid the Filipino and the land he lives
in. This vital question will be the subject
of an Illustrated lecture, which will be de
livered next Tuesday evening at Sherman,
clay & Co.'s Music Halt by ex-Superin
tendent ■ • S bools John W. Tay
lr r. who has just returned from a sojourn
of eight months In the group of Islands.
Many different stories of tin- Islands, the
peopli manner In which the cam
paign of the American army has been
icted have been told, each narrative
ling with the others. In the majority
)' these stories they have l>H,- n cr
iv m the personal standpoint of thi crea
tor, and after hearing them the aud I
at a loss to pet at the real state of af
-111 the Philippines. Mr. Taylor has
"no ax to grind." and in his lecture he
will present a "round, unvarnished tale"
of the people who are now engaged In op
p< sing the rule of th»- [';:!!■■'■ States.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Pinkham's Medicine Made
a New Woman of Mrs. Kuhn.
' [LETTS! TO MBS. PINKHAM NO. 64,492]
" Deab Mbs. Pixkijam— l think it is
my duty to write to you expressing
my sincere gratitude for the wonder-
ful relief I have experienced by the use
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. I tried different doctors, also
different kinds of medicine. I would
feel better at times, then would be
a.s bad as ever.
" For eight years I was a great suf-
ferer. I had falling of the womb and
was in Mich misery at my months-
periods I could not work but a little
before I would have to lie down. Your
medicine has made a new woman of me.
I can now work all day and not get
tired. I thank you for what you have
done for me. I shall always praise
your medicine to all suffering- women."
—Mbs. K. B. Kni.v. Gebmaxo, Oyio.
"I have taken eight bottles of Lydia
E. Pinkhains Vegetable Compound
and used two packages of your Sana-
tive Wash, also some of the Liver Pills,
and I can sa}' that your remedies will
do all that j-ou claim for them. Before
taking your remedies I was very bad
with womb trouble, was nervous, had
no ambition, could not sleep, and my
food seemed to do me no good. Now I
am well, and jour medicine has cured
me. 1 will gladly recommend your med-
icine to every one wherever I go." —
Mas. M. L. Shears, Gun Mabsh, Mich.
ERNEST E. SMITH SOUGHT
HEALTH AND FOUND DEATH
A Passenger on the
Hyderabad Who
Died at Sea.
Oil Mill I ml wings like a iliiu',J^^^^BWßMM|[^^M|
for then would 1 fly away andß
be at rest!"
With the above quotation ]'>-■
nest E. Smith, a passenger onl
the British ship Hyd.-rahad.M
surrounded his photograph al
few days before he died. Among theH
captain's papers he found a lare-e ><-■
luminated sheet a ith the words wovenß
among flying doves, forsri t-me-notsM
and violets. In the center of theH
wreath was a vacant oval-shapod^B
space, in which Mr. Smith had plaeedß
his photograph. The picture tliusH
framed he had hung over the foot of ■
his bed so that the words were the lastH
thing he saw at night and the first^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^B
he saw in the morning. He died when the Hyderabad was four days out from
Newcastle, Australia, on her way to San Francisco.
Ernest E. Smith was only 32 years old, but nevertheless he was well
known In South Africa as a successful diamond merchant. The climate of the
Cape Colony undermined his health and his doctor ordered him to take a long
sea voyage. The Hyderabad was at that time lying in the harbor of Cape
Town getting ready to sail for Australia to load coal for San Francisco. Two
of Smith's brothers arc prominent physicians, one having a large practice in
New York and the other in Brooklyn. This fact, therefore, decided him to
take passage on the Hyderabad. His youngest brother, who is a lieutenant in
the Cape Mounted Rifles, saw him off, the sick man promising to be back in
Africa again inside of a year.
The Hyderabad made a very long passage to Newcastle and sometimes
Mr. Smith was better and sometimes he felt as though he would never reach
land again. While the ship lay in Newcastle harbor he rallied again, and the
first day out for San Francisco told Captain Scott that when he reached
New York his brothers would soon put him on his feet again. The fourth day
out he was feeling pretty bad and Captain Scott nersuaded him to drink
some champagne. About 11 p. m. on February 28 he lay down on the settee
of his room and for a long time gazed on the picture in front of him, and
Captain Scott heard him repeal "Oh, that I had wings." In response to a
query he said he was feeling very sick. He refused any assistance and the
captain went to bed. In the morning the young man was dead on the settee
with a smile on his face, as though he had welcomed "the beautiful angel,
Death."
The next day the remains of the young man were consigned to the deep
and Captain Scott will send his effects to his father, who is a wealthy Liver
pool merchant.
LUMBER AND
COAL VESSELS
BY THE DOZEN
A Big Fleet of Them
Makes Port.
SCHOONER SPARROW ASHORE
-■ -»
LIFE-SAVING CREW MAKES A
GALLANT RESCUE.
— __♦ —
An Unknown Man Jumps Overboard
From the River Steamer J. D.
Peters Saturday Night and
Is Drowned. '
— ♦— — -
It was a record-breaker for Sunday ar
rivals at the Exchange yesterday, and
Clerks I>aly and Downs were kept busy
from morning till night. Between sun
rise and sunset no fewer than twenty
eight vessels passed in through the Gold
en Gate. Between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m.
the bay was covered with coasters, all
sailing in before a strong northwest
breeze.
There was one mishap. The schooner
Sparrow, lumber laden fr<>m Eureka, at
t. rnpted to sail up river direct and off
California City she became becalmed and.
in spite of all the captain could do. drift
ed ashore on Rluff Point. The steamer
Caroline, on her way back from San
Quentin, went to her assistance, but was
unable to get her off. The schooner is
in no danger and will probably come off
without assistance at high water.
01 the arrivals eleven were steamers*
fourteen were schooners, the barkentine
Eureka and the ships Louis Walsh from
Tacoma with coal and Hyderabad from
Newcastle, N. S. \\\, with coal Many of
the steamers and nearly all the schoon
ers were lumber laden, and between them
they brought in 2,979.000 feet and 3200 rail
road ties. Four were coal laden, and they
brought in 12.312 tuns among them.
a crab fisherman nearly lost the mim
ber of hi.« mess outside the heads yester
day. When the breeze sprang up during
the morning; It brought a nasty cross Bea
In with it. The fisherman had his nets
M .-; below the <'llfT lions.-, and the
big crowd on the beach watched him with
absorbing: interest as he began to gather
in the iM-ts and prepare to S'-t Into smooth
water. Just as he was taking in the last
net a big sea struck the boat and over
.'. ent
It did not take long to carry the news
of the capsizing of the boat to the Golden
Gate life saving station, and the crew
launched the lifeboat in quick time. They
pulled out through the breakers and Boon
had the half-drowned fisherman aboard.
It was Impossible to make a landing
through the surf again, bo the fishing
boal was taken in tow and the lifeboat
rowed around to the Fort Point life sav
ing Btation where the fishing smack was
righted and returned to Its recovered and
: ul owner.
An unknown man committed suicide
! from the Stockton steamer J. D. Peters
last Saturday night. The vessel left
Stockton at 6 p. m. for San Francisco and
all went well until Bouldin Island was
abreast. When off Central Landing the
cry of "man overboard" was raised. This
was about 11 p. m. and the night was very
dark. The steamer was stopped and a
boat lowered, but a search extending for
nearly an hour failed to disclose a trace
of the suicide. A muster of those aboard
show.d that none of those who had taken I
rooms nor any one of the crew was miss
ing, but as four different people saw a
man climb over the rail and drop into the
water, it must have been some one who
wanted to conceal bis identity.
The transport Charles Nelson arrived
from Manila via Nagasaki last Saturday
night and docked at Mission street wharf
yesterday. As soon as Bbc Is released by
the Government she will go into the
Alaska trade under the flag of the Alaska
Exploration Company.
The Nelson left Manila with six soldiers
aboard but Corporal J. J. Ryan of the
Utah Battery was taken sick and had to
be left behind at Nagasaki for medical
treatment. The other Utah Battery boy*
Who came up on the transport were Cor-
Doral Frank rtz and Privates A. C. Car
full and J. Ueklederer. and also Corporal
Charles H de Moss. Company E, Twen
ti.-t'h United States Infantry, and M. Kel
ly Company G. Sixth United States Ar
tillery.
THOUSANDS AT THE PARK.
Soldier Injured While Playing Ball.
Markeberg the Chutes
Attraction.
Notwithstanding the high wind, the
crowds at the park find other pleasure
pli cc« were large yesterday. There was
but little comfort to be found in the open
park, still thousands sat the musical pro
gramme out and enjoyed the numbers.
The drive was big and cyclists many.
but no serious accidents occurred. P.
Talley, a private of the Fourteenth Infan
try Regiment, was tho only victim of an
accident. Talley was playing ball with a
crowd of young men, when the spHere left
the bat with great force and struck the
soldier behind the left ear. He fell to the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1899.
ground unconscious and was conveyed to
the Emergency Hospital for treatment.
He remained unconscious for some time.
and at first it was thought that he had
sustained a fracture of the skull. Later
N retrained consciousness, however, and
was removed to the Presidio.
The announcement that Kmil Marke
ht-rg. the daring balloonist, was to walk
a tight rope ninety feet above the earth
brought a hip crowd to the Chutes. At r.
•/clock Markebergjnade the walk across
with a hoop around his feet, returning
with his legs Incased '.n a sack. The per
fi.rnier was roundly cheered for his feat
by the nervous crowd. The bill in the
theater was unusually good, and with the
many other attractions the crowd had a
merry day.
At Sutro's baths the usual aquatic con
tests attracted many people. The results
follow: 50-yard dash, novice — H. Seebach
first, C. Royal second; 120-yard, juvenile—
i . Wallace first, C. Donovan second; high
dive for boys C Donovan tirst. H. Der
ham second: 100-yard tub race— S. Baker
first. I-:. Wells second, J. MeKarley third;
trick and fancy springboard diving — S.
Baker first, J. Laird second; trapeze and
high diving— Won by A. J. Baker.
PRESIDIO'S DEATH ROLL.
Privates C. Mullen. Sixth Infantry,
and J. J. Boone, Casual Detach
ment. Die in the Hospital.
Private Frederick Etosenstein of the
casual detachment, who died ;it the Pre
sidio on Friday nignt, was buried in the
National Cemetery at t >i » • post yesterday.
There are quite a number of soldiers of
the casual detachment In the general hos
pital. Two deaths occurred early yester
day morning, the victims being Private C.
Mullen, Company C, Sixth Infantry,
t\phoid fever, and Private Jamps J.
Boone, Company I, casual detachment,
pneumonia. The funeral of these two sol
diers will take place to-day.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Thomas C.
I McCleave, who has been attached to the
I general hospital at the Presidio, has been
j relieved by an order from department
J headquarters and ordered to report to the
commanding officer at San Diego.
Since the order recently Issued by the
War Department to lecruit 3000 men for
Immediate service in the Philippines, the
j recruits have been coming to the Presidio
;in great numbers. This order, of course,
affects all of the recruiting stations in the
United States, and as it provides that the
I men ar>- to be sent to the Presidio, it is
! expected that with the casuals already
there that within the next two months
th< re will be 6000 of these new recruits at
the Presidio, unless they are rapidly for
warded to Manila. There are now forty
four officers on duty with the 1500 casuals.
and they are quickly rounding them into
shape.
Work upon the camp intended for the
j returning volunteers is being rapidly
pushed to completion. Much has already
Been done, and the work has thus far pro
gressed rapidly. This camp Is intended to
be a model one. The tents will have plank
floors, with a stove for heating. Great at
tention Is being given to the drainage of
the ground.
Captain Parker of the Fourth Cavalry,
who has been on detached service, and
I who returned to the Presidio last week,
has assumed command of Troop K. reliev
ing Lieutenant Walker, who has been in
command of the troop ever since Captain
Neall relinquished command.
DALMATIAN AND SWISS.
Members of the Two Colonies Have
Successful Picnics.
Two largely attended and enjoyable pic
nics were held In the neighborhood of the
Presidio yesterday. The Dalmatian U.
K. <']ub bad its sixth annual outing at
Qermania Gardens, Presidio, while the
Swiss Corrierista Society held its annual
festivities at Harbor View Park. Presidio.
Immense crowds attended both picnics,
and all experienced an enjoyable time.
The Dalmatian Club had a grand barbe
cue at noon, and several hundred people
enjoyed the feast. Valuable gate prizes
were distributed, and the grand tombola
was drawn for in the afternoon. Presi
dent M. Perich and Secretary A. Raddich
declared that the picnic was one of the
most successful ever given by the club.
A large crowd was also in attendance
at the picnic of the Corrierista Society,
where many valuable prizes were given
away. In "the afternoon W.
Campana made an address to the society
upon the nature of the occasion which the
club was celebrating. His speech was in
Italian. Both clubs had >a band in at
tendance, and dancing was ndulged in by
the young people. _
7 &\ttfcl*t&
Fires the PtaKnant life with ambition and
ability to dare and do. It is made by the
AnheuFer-Uuseh Hrewing Ass'n, which fact
guarantees its merit.
Cared for by Friends.
Kathryne Griffin, the young girl who at
tempted to commit suicide on Saturday
night by swallowing a dose of carbolic
add at Golden Gate avenue and Steiner
street, had sufficiently recovered yester
day afternoon to be removed from the
Receiving Hospital. Friends have taken
care of her, and she will be looked after
till her grandmother in Chicago is com
municated with, who will, ;t is supposed,
send for her.
Lecture on Life.
Will C. Bailey delivered a most inter
esting lecture last night before the Theo
sophleal Society at Odd Fellows' Hall.
His subject was "Life; Its Purpose, Ori
gin and End." The three phases of ex
istence were considered from the Theo
sophical point of view and very lucidly
treated.
Trunk moved. 26c; furniture, pianos, rrelght.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
LITTLE ONES
CELEBRATED
A FESTIVAL
Children's Day" at
the Churches.
FINE PROGRAMMES RENDERED
— ♦
FLORAL SHIP CONSTRUCTED AT
CENTRAL M. E. CHURCH.
Large Offerings Were Made in Many
Congregations for the Advance
ment of Christian
Study.
A day on which offerings may be made
to the cause of Christian enlightenments*;
named yearly by the various Sunckiy
si-hool organizations of the United States.
It generally falls upon the second Sun
day in June, and yesterday was fittingly
celebrated in many of the churches of
this city by the littla ones. Throughout
the East services of a character most be
fitting such a day are conducted in nearly
• very church, and the West Is rapidly re
sponding to the efforts of making the ob
servance of the day universal.
It is called "Children's day," and from
the appearance of many of the churches
yesterday it has been well named. The
youths who receive ihe benefit of the at
tention to tht-lr spiritual welfare conduct
the exercises themselves, offering up
thanks for what they have received.
Many of the churches made the cere
monies patriotic, and the edifices were
handsomely adorned with national colors.
In every house of worship so celebrating
there was a profusion of flowers, and the
programmes were exceeding interesting.
At the Central Methodist Church the
ceremonies were most unique. A large
flora] ship was constructed by the chil
dren of the Sunday-school and was term
ed the "Ship of State." It was placed to
gether by boys and girls, each represent
ing a different State of the Union, and
each decked with ll.iwers and bunting:.
The exercises commenced with the read
ing of Longfellow's poem. "The Building
of the Ship," and was concluded by bene
diction and an address by Rev. Dr. Locke.
A number of pupils from each class of the
Sunday-school represented some section of
the United States, and one of their num
ber read a poem at which some portion of
the ship was placed in position. The fol
lowing was the programme:
Organ voluntary; "Gloria Patri"; "Creed";
doxology; anthem; responsive scripture read
ing; prayer; singing, "Come on the Wings of
the Morning"; selection from Liongfellow,
"Building of the Ship." Miss Susie Ward; ad
dress to the builders, Arthur Perry as master
builder; laying the keel, builders; frame
work, builders; invitation to States, master
builder; response for New England States,
Miss Llllle Barlow; response for Eastern States,
Miss Mary Johnston; response for Southern
States, Miss Jessie Haskens: response for
Western States, Miss Florence Porter; response
for Pacific States, Miss Nellie McCray; response
for District of Columbia, Miss Anna Edwards;
singing, "The American Hymn": masts and
rig-gins, builders; anchor and chart. interme
diate: selection, Charles H. Marks; launching
and raising colors, kindergarten; crew, Inter
mediate; "The Ship of State," master builder;
singing, "Rise, << Christian Children"; address,
Rev. Dr. C. K. Locke; children's day offering;
benediction.
The idea of the construction of a ship
was suggested to Dr. .Locke and Rolla V.
Watt, Sunday-school superintendent, by
tin .lose proximity of this celebration to
the anniversary of the destruction of
Spanish ships off Santiago.
At the Bethany Congregational Church,
Bartletl street, exercises were also held
and an address to children given by Rev.
AW C. Pond. The programme was as fol
lows:
Orcan voluntary; invocation; responsive
rfadinK; scripture exercise: recitations — "Wel
come to Children's Day," Kthel Casson ; "The
Children's Month," IxHtie Hicks; "Our Coun
try." George Middleton; "Little Boys Make
lien," Howard Sehroeder; "The Little Mis
sionary." Llllie Mlddleton; "What Can Little
Children Do?" Kthel WlgJfin. Angelina Desa
mound. Pearl Tupper and Gladys Curtis; "Five
Missionary Words." by five little tflrls; "God
Wants the Young," Marion Crosset ; "The
Children's Offering." Blanche Doollttle";
"Freely Y>- Have Received, Freely Give," Neta
Eckstein; "Bird Messages," by nve little girls;
"The Lord's Child." Gladys Curtis; "The < \ S.
S. and I. Society and Its Four Sisters'," by six
children; offering.
Children's day was observed by special
services at the Memorial Pr< abyterian
Church last night. The church, at the
corner of Eighteenth avenue and Latona
Btreet, was tastefully decorated with
bunting and flowers. The Sabbath school,
which numbers about one hundred and
fifty young people, conducted the serv
ices, entitled "A Call to Praise," which
Is especially prepared for Children's day
by the Presbyterian board of Sabbath
school work. The responsive readings,
dialogues, recitations and choruses, which
form the services, were rendered earnest
ly by the school, and in a manner highly
creditable to their pastor and teachers.
A special feature of the programme was
the formation of a camp, with Haps and
banners and white paper tents. The
tents contained the contributions of the
children to the Mission Sabbath school
fund.
After an eloquent address by the Rev.
H X. Bevier on the significance of the
exercises of the day the services closed
with the singing of *he hymn "America."
On the lirst Sunday in July a very
hands, ime banner will be presented to
thai class of the Sunday school which has
the besl record In attendance and In
knowledge of the catechism.
yesterday was a red-letter day for the
First Baptist Sunday school of this city.
Hoth morning and evening services were
given to exercises celebrating the fiftieth
anniversary of the school. The church
was beautifully decorated with flowers.
Dr A. A. Whitney, the superintendent,
presided. The music was led by the
Church choir and the large orchestra of
the school. There were special exercises
by the primary class, readings and recita
tions by scholars, reminiscences of fifty
years ago by J. F. Pope, a poem by O. 'I*.
Shuck, read by Miss A. B. White; a vio
lin solo by Miss Johnston, and a chil
dren's sermon on "What the Flowers
Say" by Dr. "Woods.
The reports of the officers showed that
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
Ll> ftrnPlV Manufacturer of Beitlne «nd
I. IiEUCLH, Laco Leather. 105.107 Mis-
nlon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 6045. •
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY;
342 to 350 Geary Street. Abore Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 6641.
DRUGaiSTS WHOLESALE.
RPniPJRTfIW A Pfl Secondand Steven.
ntUlllUlUN 06 UUi son Sts. Tel. Main 4
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS HfIYFS & Oft Shipping Butchers. 104
J AS' DUIEj (i \AJ,, clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importer!" and Deal-
ers in hardware. 603 Market; tel. Main 762.
Nearly ten thousand ladies traded in our store during the past week, and judging from ex-
pressions of mouth and face all were served well. Storekeepin^ ordinarily is a task and a
hardship, but it becomes a pleasure when gratifying results can be recorded. Our friends have
learned that buying can be done here with confidence. The "open doer" welcomes all who find
their purchasing not to their liking.
988 - sra %& a» \A 1 sa \ % wi. '■H
& wft iB w f It vn i ti iß±*.^w
To=day at 10 o'Clock
And Until Sold,
A Pure Silk Taffeta Ribbon in polka dot
effect, 3 l i inches wide. Pink, sky, white,
navy, nile, cerise and green. A special pur-
chase enables us to nearly cut the regular
price in half.
18C Yard.
Also at 10 o'Clock
And Until Sold.
Lemonade Pitchers
Tankard shape. Made of heavy pressed |
glass in three new designs. Capacity one- I
half gallon ; stands 9 inches high. The
customary price all over t.wn 65c ard 75c.
45c
LACES.
English Torchon Wash Laces. Popular
this season.
1?4 inch wide 3c yard
2M inch wide 4c yard
3 inch wide 5c yard
SILKS,
Dress Goods
Japanese Silks, all colors 25c yard
BJack Novelty Dress Goods, 44 inches
wide, unusual value -48c yard
Colored Dress Goods. 40 inches wide ;
till ndw 35c 25c yard j
Weinstock, Lubin & Co.
MARKET AND TAYLOR STREETS.
the year has been a prosperous one the
attendance having largely increased an
Old debt been paid and additions made to
the library, besides the missionary con
tributions of the school.
At the evening service there was special
music W. B Thompson, the secretary
read a historical report of the school
during its existence of a halt century.
The subject of Dr. Woods' address was
"God's Chart and Compass. He spoke
in part as follows:
Mips are useful as we travel hy land, hut
we can do without them. Hut the chart of the
mariner is absolutely essential as we trave
n the pathless ocean. The captain of a vessel
i« supplied with charts on which are marked
all 'coasts islands, rocks, shallows and places
of dancer. He consults these charts often and
mner is safe without doing this. Admiral
Dewey used his charts as he entered Manila
Bay and Commodores Sampson and Scnley
knew by their charts the dangerous places on
al The e sca b captain always has his compass.
which points steadily to the north so that he
may be sure that he is going In the right dl
' i<m'"this world is to each of us like a wide.
trackless ocean. There are storms and rocks
and dangerous places, and how easily men lose
their way But God lias given us the Bible
as our .hart and the example Of Christ as our
compass This Bible points out every danger
which can meet us and it always sounds a note
,f warning. And he who takes the example of
Christ as his compass will never lose his way.
Laborers In the Sunday School we are teach
ing others how to use God's chart and compass.
«nd we are urging them to follow these and to
trust no other guides. No one who has used
these wisely has been wrecked in life.
Dr Whitney, the superintendent, is to
be congratulated on the progress made by
the school under his leadership. He was
nominated for this office for another year.
but has declined to serve. The Officers
elected for the ensuing year are: A. A.
Macurda, superintendent; Miss M. C. San
nuist assistant superintendent; \\ . i>.
Thonirfjon secretary; Miss Kate C.
Hatcheider, treasurer; A. W. Stidston.
librarian.
Died From His Injuries.
David Grant, who cut his throat on June
0 died at the <"ity and County Hospital
yesterday morning. Deputy Coroner John
K. Gately removed the body to the
Morgue.
Souvenir Mailing Cards. Bhowlng view?
around the city. 2,"c a dozen. For sale by all
stationery and the publisher, E. H. MltchrH,
22". Post street. San Franrisro. •
The Emperor William has one peculiar
ity, which is that he will have several
kinds of bread on the table at every meal,
of all of which he partakes in' turn.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry Morton &Hedley. Proo*.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Do.
scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
PAPER DEALERS. ,
Wll I AMPTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
If ILLMITILI IE 722 Montgomery Stream
PRINTIN3.
EC HUGHES.SII PRINTER.
• W> VIUHJIIJL.OiSn Sansome street.
TBE' IIICKS-JUDD CO-, Mn^ra^l
4J? | CAa 1000 envelopes, billheads, cards,
*if 1»O vFnoteheads . or statements printed;
catalogue printing a specialty. MEL A. BLEI',
511 Sacramento street. Tel. Main 1536.
STATIONFR AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic \ DT-nif\r»p 306 Call-
Codes. r*/\lv 1 KIUuL fornia st.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
Tl HXinV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
- Lin IJI. 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHli't ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at lti
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
is the Best Coal In the Market.
Office and Yards— 4so Main Street.
New
Wash Goods
White Pique in medium size cords.
Suitable for waists, dresses, skirts
12 l-2c yard
Fancy Dotted Swisses, Dimities,
Cordettes in the new designs and |
shades 15c yard
Popular Covert Cloths, the new
colors 12 l-2c yard
Belts.
Mexican Carved Leather Belts
50c, 75c, $1.00
Bull-Dog Beits, the New York fad.
Have you seen them ?
75c, $1.09, $1.50
Today at 1© o'clock
And Until Sold.
New Portieres in Orlen'.ai and Bagdad
designs. Copies of high-priced
imported Curtains. Artistic effects
for little money. Heavy fringe on
top and bottom. Size 40 inches
wide by 3-£ yards long.
$2.10 Pair.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO=NIGHT,
INTRODUCTORY PERFORMANCE.
A HISTORT-MAKING EVENT.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS.
MR. HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY
In Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy,
"THF I lARS "
Extraordinary cast. Superb stapcinff.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
IT'S NAUGHTY BIT IT'S MCE.
AND EVERYBODY WAS DELIGHTED.
A real French comedy.
LIFE AS IT IS IN FRANCE.
Acted by a superb company.
IT WILL BE
TOWIN TALK
FOR A MONTH TO COME.
The TURTLE
The best seats, 25c, 50c, 75c and $1. And all
reserved.
Next attraction— "THE BROWNIES IN
FAIRYLAND."
Coming— "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
TTIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
T( '-NIGHT
Elaborate Production of Lecocq's Brightest
Opera,
LA FILLE
DE MADAME
ANGOT!
With GRACE PLAISTED as CLAIRKTTE
UNEQUALED CAST. MAGNIFICENT AC-
CESSORIES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Next— OFFENBACH'S '•BRIGANDS!"
Look Out for DENIS O"SULLrVAN IN
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN!"
PRICES '25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9
GRAND OPMRA HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
THIS
EVENING,
Py General Request, Revival of Sousa's
I EL GAPITAN! j
By the Full Strength of the SOUTHWELL
OPERA COMPANY.
Reserved Seats, 25c and 50c: Gallery, 15c.
Branch Box Office Just Inside Main Entrance
Emporium.
"chutes andTzooT
A MATINEE EVERY DAY!
GREAT BILL INJ HE THEATER -
STANLEY and SCANLON. Musical Comedians,
THE FLYING BANVARDS.
MR. and MRS. KEESING. Vocalists.
EUGENE HUGHES and LINA CREWS
HUGHES in "A Matrimonial Substitute."
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES .
THURSDAY NIGHT
AMATEUR MINSTRELS
WITH NEW FEATURES
Reserve seats by Phone, Steiner ISol.
To=day at 10 o'Clock
And Until Sold.
A traveler's sample line of Shirt
Waists. The price asked, es-
pecially for the higher grades,
barely pays for the making. Sam-
ples are made in sizes 34 and 36
only. Sorry we cannot furnish
all sizes. There are Piques, Per-
cales and lawns.
Lot 1. Waists valued at 50c,
75c, $100.
35c.
Lot 2. Waists valued from
$1.00 to $2 50.
65c.
Lot 3. Heavy Crash Dress
Skirts. Full width, wide hem,
45c.
Lot 4. Duck Dress Skirts, in
white, navy, French Blue and
black. Also a heavy linen
Crash Skirt — wide hem.
65c.
Lot 5. Linen Crash Skirts with
white straps and flare bot-
tom.
95c.
Lot 6. Ladies' Crash Suits.
Skirts cut full. Wide hem.
Blazer jacket.
$1.85 Suit.
AMUSEMENTS.
TACIANU
The World Famous Female Impersonator.
HANLEY AND JARVIS,
Comedians and Eccentric Dancers.
. WARTENBERG BROS., Musical Acrobats.
FRED NIBLO, Monologist.
McAVOY AND MAY, Comedians.
Last week of JOHNKTONE BENNETT as-
sisted by ANTON] WILLIAMS, in "A QUIET
EVENING AT HOME."
HENRI FRENCH HOUDINI, the Mysterious.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
ALHAMBRA,
Eddy and Jones street.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
Tie Laibarfli Grand Italian Opera Company
Another great production last night.
TO-NIGHT— By request.
"LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR."
Tuesday "ERNANI"
Wednesday .". "TRAVIATA"
Thursday "TROVATORE"
Friday "THE MASK BALL"
Saturday Matinee "RIG' (LETT* >"
Saturday Night "AIDA"
Reserved seats, 2r ( c, 50c, 75c and $1; box seats,
$1 50. Seats on sale daily at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s Music Store. At night at the box
office of the Alhambra Theater.
AT \ rj A Y\ SEATS BY PHONS
AL,OAZ<AK Main 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY
MR. LEWIS MORRISON,
Supported by FLORENCE l ROBERTS
Presenting the Charming Play
THE MASTER
OF CEREMONIES.
PRICES 25c, 35c, 5Jc.
Next week— RICHELIEU.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HALL,
TUESDAY EVENING. June 13th, at 8:30.
First Lecture in the United States by
MR. JOHN W. TAYLOR,
Ex-Superintendent of Public Schools of San
Francisco.
Subject: "PHILIPPINE ISLANDS."
Their extent, productions, climatic conditions
and natives, from recent personal observations.
Illustrated by 200 photographic views.
Reserved Seats, Me and 75c. On sale at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
13 dL L I GREAT REALISTIC
_ WAR PANORAMAI
O I Prof. W. a. ROLLINS.
the eminent orator,
m m • m lectures half hourly.
iVI Bfi 1 1 «B Market st. nr. El«l»Ui.
Admission Wo.
Bay? Cb " dren *°-
BUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M, TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing. Including Admission. 25c: Children. 20c.
DR.MGOTLTY.
fI^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Din.
eases oV Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 2oy'rs' experience.
Pntientsciiredntllome. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3diilljr:3.:TOtoS::« ev'gs. Similars, Iotol2. consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call,oraddrces
P. itOM'Oi: IIcXUIiTY, M.O.
26!^ Kcarny St., San Francisco. CaL
56
SPORTS AND PASTIMES OF ONE DAY
WON HUNDREDS
ON A STRAIGHT
TIP FROM BRADY
Actors All Had Money
on Jeffries.
WEBSTER'S CIPHER MESSAGE
CALIFORNIAN'S MANAGER SAID
"IT'S A CINCH."
Now the Local Thespians Are Rolling
in Wealth as the Result of the
Overthrow of the
Australian.
♦
■ San Fraxii
:
■ ■ ..: . and 'Bill;
■ : 1 1 ir
-. • • •
i -
Lmpion from Au
lia.
idustrlously
ci-d in incinerat ng It, m ich to the
.
fireworks to c.v- :
ge for tr.'- on. ■ ■ ilm.
money Is common
...... at an actor
-,
• stremely a
!mi >, nd it is no «
grasped the opportunity to relieve them
luire too closely how the
. heavy villains "t the
umuiated such unprecedented
alth.
pan ■ thi discipli - ■ :'
- for it is a secret m a waj
■
..::• i noon fi om Jeffries'
. . and Webster ai •■ old and
warn rtaln was the for
■ ■ succeed In d< -
. ■ . ■ ■ chainijiuii
: to put the
spatch
-
, something to this
'•Jeffries is a pipe in from seven 10
This is my judgment. Put
our friends on."
It was v toward evening when
this f ■ anda of the
: he lost no time In gathering
; . and hying him
rooms to buy Jeffries Jck
k occasion to no
tify all his friends whom he could
ntly reach, with thf result that there
Be favored
tn down.
Among the lucky ■ Leslie M>>- |
■ :ved the tip at a mum.:,:
pockets were practically desti- !
tute r g"ld. but he hail friends,
now he is rolling in wealth, witn a ;
N ■' v : k in his trousers and
plunks to the good. Rube
Clark also received the tip and made
ise of the Information,
almost <•'.' ry member of the Alcazar
any is temporarily in a postion to
■ manager of that popular play
cpurse there are those who did not
n simply because they could not be 1
short time intervening be
eipt of the telegram and
ng of tin betting In the i In i
and some of the unfortunates are sore
their misfortune. A few of th<
ter, but only a few, intimate that it was
at Brady was able ;■
pick the winner of the big fieht but
I almost the exact number of ro
v.!.:c-h the battle would last. But those
ly best say that in his en
■ simply giving his fr
the bi - Judgment, and I
• that he was careful to state that it
"his judgment" that the big Califor
nia would win.
Mr. Webster, while admitting that he
won a comfortable sum by the defeat of
the champion, refuses to say how much
the flghi added to his bank roll or that
hf- was induced to wagi r all h*' po?^ >ssi d
on th- advice of hi« friend Brady. Others
of the actor? who benefited hy the advice
nf the theatrical and pugilistic manager
are not bo backward, however. They aro
only too willing that Brady shall have all
credit for their sudden pood fortune.
They Played Handball.
The play at Phil Ryan's handball court,
SSS Howard street, was fully up to pre
vious occasions. Ten good game? were
played in the court yesterday, in which
some new athletes took the stiffening out
of their Joints for the first time in months.
The games won and lost were:
J. Dowlinjr and F. Smith defeated B. Cle
ments and W. Hassell. Score, 21-11. 16-21, 21-1.1
P. Herrin and .1 Boyle defeated M. .1 Stokes
and P. Foley. Score, 21-8, 13-21, 21-18.
T. McManus and C. Basch defeated P. Bason
and M. Berwln. Score, 21-7. 14-21. 21-13.
<;. McDonald and P. Pt<>in»-r defeated M. Mc-
Neil and L. Carralne. Score. 21-16. 11-21. 21-9.
J. R. Brockman and D. J. st ban defeated
K. MeDonough and E. Lynch. Score, 21-19,
12-21. 21-17.
P Ryan and C. Pall defeatPd .1 Lawless and
• hlnson Score, 21-ln. 11-21, 21-17.
R. H>,iismnn and M. Klrfiy di :• ated .1. Kirhv
Hcgan. Score, 21-K'. 12-21, 21-13.
T. Serres and A. Wliiti-mni defeated E.
White an.! K. Hussey. Score. 21-14, 9-21, 21-16.
A. Hamilton and .1. Harlow defeated .1. Rlor
dnn and 1.. Toy. Score, 21-8, 12-21, 21-19.
id J, I ' Ited A. Mr
- mvp. 21-11. 17-21. 21-10.
DEATH OF CHARLES HADSELL.
A Pioneer Ranch Owner Passes Away
at the Russ House.
Charles Hadsell, a well-known ranch
r of Alameda County, died at the
sterday afternoon. Had
sell ■* time a very wealthy land
er f Alameda County, residing for
many yean In the vicinity of Sunol. He
was sixty-six yean of f>j:e and a .pioneer
settler.
Lying Massachusetts in 1552, he set
.;t Sunol and received a Spanish
gram of a big and fertile ranch.
The cause 01 his death was a compli
cation nf ii\ir and heart affections. Mr.
liaustll leaves a son and two daughters.
SENATORS WIN
A FOURTEEN
INNING GAME
Baseball Such as One
Dreams About.
THREE HOURS OF THRILLS
HANK'S HIRED MEN PLAY BRIL
LIANTLY, BUT LOSE.
Each Team Scores a. Run in the Thir
teenth Inning After Two Men
Are Out — The Morning
Game.
■ me tms season nan
• S ■ play< d a
ning g ime at Recr< ation Park,
lines tl nd of th<
gone to th< Benators. yesterday it
.
When those two teams put up their
■ exhibition on All Fools' day the pre
was made that i Mich strug
irould not be seen here this season,
.me of >••• -■ led it in
■ sj •i i. tn fact, the closing scenes
were the most exciting ever witnessed on
Ifornia diamond.
■ ■• ning the outlook wan noi
promising for brilliant baseball. The
- had just returned from Golden
wh< re the Statesmen had susl
a crushing defeat mainly through their
own misdeeds. Nine errors were charged
against them, and in addition two of t lit ir
men were in a bad way. Big Ed Hutch
was hobbling around on a Charley
sprained tendon or a spavin
t sort, and Fin man
Kitz sent a terrific Inshoot into Harvey's
back Just over the kidneys that threat
ened to put him out "f the game. He
pluckily pitched the string out. however,
and playi . [d in the afternoon,
though Buffering severely all the tim^
and hardly ablt to break Into a trot. But
despite these drawbacks the Senators
went in and played a fielding game that
would have won from almost any team,
the only place they shewed to disadvan
tage i nhs. Their base run
ning i materially Improved upon
without giving them undue advantage
over ■ : • ams In the league.
Doyle did up the little packages for the
visitors and put such awful knots in
them that Hank's hired men had a terri
ble tin., of it in trying to undo them,
hits in fourteen Innings is a won
derful performance for any twirler. He
struck out five men and gave four p
His support was almost faultless up to
the thirteenth inning, when Sheehan, who
had played a fine game at third, grew
over-anxious and made a brace of bungles,
letting in a run. The disaster only pro
d the agony of Hank Harris and
Jack Bonnet, both of whom gave signs
cumbing to heart failure before the
game was ov< r.
"Old Hoss" Hutchinson may well say
! •■ has finally got back into his old f'Trri.
for with the exception of a little trouble
with his leg he is as good as ever. He
played first base yesterday as the bag
has seldom been played here.
The locals bad their share of hard luck
as well aa the visitors, for during the
morning game Sullivan sprained his ankle
g ling Into third, and though he tried to
play the afternoon game, he was com
to giv< it up in the fourth inning*
Kitzpatriek had been permitted to go
home, so the game was delayed until
gs, who played a few games with
Frisco at the beginning of the season,
could get into a uniform. He was sta
tioned in right lield. Hilderbrandt going
to center and Pyne taking Sullivan's
place at sirst. The doctor i pted seven
teen chances without an error and played
the position as though he had been raised
there. The w~.rk of every man on the
team was almost flawless, particularly up
to the ninth inning-. After that Iberg let
down a trifle and seven of the thirteen
hits made off him followed. Eventually
-i hi? own game on a fumble of a
b irit in the last inning that otherwise
have retired the Senators on a
double play.
Krug's batting was tlv main feature of
the garni . He secured three of the seven
hits made off Doyle, two triples and a
double, whi!*> three hits fell to him in the
morning, <mf> hoinjr a four-cushion shot
and another a double.
The- day was certainly the most disa
greeable of tli" season. Great sheets of
the diamond were picked up by the gale
nn<l d< posited on ;he 5000 spectators, umii
11 teemed as though there would not be
enough of the lot left to play ball on. But
'1 ough the cranks had to hoe the soil out
<<f their < y.-s at frequent Intervals, every
last one of them stayed to the bitter end
and regretted that the game concluded
whin it did.
There was nothing remarkable about
the opening chapters; just nice, clean
baseball that Interested the spectators
without moving: them to delirious out
bursts. "But as !h<-- trouble progressed and
neither side was able to gain an advan-
Interesi deepened until it merged
into a frenzy of ex<it<>ment. As an in
stance of the kind of ball that was | layed
take the ii:-st Inning, when with one out
Krug brok'' .iff a triple, but neither Riley
nor Sullivan could score him: or in thf
Beventh, when Stuliz opened with a
double, advanced to third on Sheehans
out and died there; or In the ninth, wlmn
Riley, who was first tip. readied second
on Mclaughlin's error and was followed
by Billings, who worked a pass. But Hil
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 12. 1899.
KRAGNESS LOWERS
AMERICAN RECORD
pn. O. KRAG- I
ED. O. the I
NESS, the I
I great road ri- I
x ~ 'der of Olympic I
Club Wheelmen, I
lowered the Ameri- I
can record for 200 I
miles on the road by I
four minutes yes- I
terday. He covered I
the distance in two I
hours thirty-seven I
minutes less time I
than any other Cal- I
ifornian rider. The I
route over which I
the plucky cycler I
rode was the care- I
fully me asured I
course of California I
Associated Cycling I
Club's relay race. I
Kragness rode the I
reverse way of the I
course, starting and I
finishing in Alame- I
da. His course took I
him through San I
Li andro, Alvarado, I
Newark, Milpitas to I
San Jose and thence I
up the west side of I
the bay through I
Menlo Park. Red- I
w<?od, San Mateo, I
San Bruno to the I
City Hall in this I
city.
The first hundred I
miles was ridden in I
five hours fifteen I
minutes, and the I
(luiiiiii century in I
eleven hours thirty- I
seven minutes. The I
start was made I
from Alameda at I
8:10 a. m. Kragness I
arrived here at 1:27 I
p. m. He . rested I
three minutes and I
then retraced his I
course. On the first I
hundred miles he I
punctured his tire I
at Milbrae and sus- I
tainted two falls on I
the Bay Shore road. |
These detained him fully fifteen minutes before necessary repairs could be
effected. He was given great stance by his clubmates in the matter of
pacing and attention. Among the tandem teams that helped at various parts
of his journey were: Edward McNesa and Irving Orth; L. H. Smith and Henry
Bailey; William Jackson and William Henderson; George Kroetz and Albert
Bean: T. H. White on a single.
His times were carefully checked by Captain Spillane, the younger, F.
G. Montealegre and C. C. Williams.
Kragness' performance stamps him as the greatest road rider in America.
Had weather conditions been favorable and with no accidents to delay him
he would have made a still more material reduction in the record. He fin
ished strong and showed no ill effects from his hard ride.
,A.A;,M A; A: A iA:A :A: AiJ^AAi *»..<*.. A ; A iA.A.A . A.A.A;A iA • A
derbrandt flew out. while Muller's out at i
first advanced the runners t" third and
second respectively. However, that was
as far as they grot, for O'Neil drove a
corker to Stultz and was fielded out at :
first. That was pood ball.
Sacramento was tirst to break the ice.
McLaughlin opened the fifth with an in
field hit and stole second. Stultz flew to
Muller, and Sheehan followed with a
drive to Iberg, who went astray, allowing
the batter to reach first and McLaughlin
third. Then "Hutch" touched off his firat
hit. scoring McLaughlin. Hutch's drive
got away from Billings, letting Shee
han go to third and "Old Hoss" to
second. Here Kiley got foxy. Billings
threw the ball to third and Josh tucked
it under his arm when Sheehan was not
looking, and when the youngster led off ;
from the bag he was promptly tagged out.
Harvey was given his base, but lberg as
sisted "Doyle out at first, and the tumult
was over for the time being.
Hank's hustlers mad. it ev< n up in the
seventh. Krug opened with his second |
three-bagger; Kiley hit up a foul fly to
Hutchinson, and Billings was given his
base. Hilderbrandt ripped off a single to
right, which got away from Harvey,
sending Krug across the rubber. Billings
to third and Hilderbrandt to second. Mul
ler and O'Neil were easy outs.
From that time on until th^ thirteenth
not a man connected with the plate, al
though in the eleventh Krug opened with
a double, but never got any further. In
the thirteenth, however, Frisco looked
like a sure winner, when a man was
scored after two men were out. Pyne
led "ff with a fly to Harvey and Krug.
was safe on Sheehan's fumble. He Btole
second. Riley hit to Doyle, who caught ;
Krug between second and third. Josh
going to second. Sheehan's second error
let Riley complete the circuit, but Hil- '
derbrandt ended the inning with a fly to I
McLaughlin.
After the kind of ball that had been put
up it looked like all day for Sacramento,
and the crowd prepared to make a rush
for their overdue dinners. Even the play
ers started to put on their coats when
Stanley went out, Riley to Pyne, and they
began to gather up their bats when
Bhanahan popped up a fly to the doctor.
But just then something happened that
made the Senators drop their bats, pull
off their coats and yell, an.l the specta
tors to flop back into their seats. It was.
McLaughlin who caused it. Waiting until
he got a ball to his liking he lifted it into
deep right center, and when the sphere
got back into the diamond Mac was
perched on third.
Then Stultz, who has not been hitting
hard of late, let two beauties go past
with. nit attempting to flag them. Again
coats and bats were reached for, but
Jberg sailed up another one and Stultz
punched it out for a clean single, scoring
McLaughlin and tying up the score again.
The crowd was still shouting when Shte
han retired the side with a fly to Riley.
Muller. the first man up for the locals
in the fourteenth, reached second on a i
pass and O'Nell's sacrifice but Swindells
fanned and lberg was thrown out at first
by Stultz. Then came the finale of a
memorable event in baseball circles.
Hutchinson, first up. smashed out a
beauty to center. Harvey planned to sac
rifice ' him to second, but Iberg juggled;
the bunt and both were safe. Doyle sent
up a fly to Pyne, and then Epan dupli
cated Hutch's shot, scoring the winning
run with only one man out.
To-day the big fight will have been for
gotten, and the town will find fresh food
for discussion in the great ball game. The
scores of the two contests are as follows:
MORNING GAME.
PAN FRANCIRCT).
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
rvnp c. f 5 2 10 2 10
Krug. s. 8 5 3 4 0 1 3 0
Riley 3b 4 1 0 l 0 1 0
Sullivan. lb 4 1 2 0 10 0 0
Hilderbrandt. r. f... fi 1 1 0 2 0 0
Muller. 1. f 6 0 10 8 0 1]
i iN.il 2b 5 0 1 0 3 S 1
Swindell*, c 5 0 1 0 7 2 0
Fltzpatrick, p 4 1 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 42 9 11 1 27 13 2
SACRAMENTO.
AfJ. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutehins^n, lb 3 1 1 n 10 n 2
Harvi-y. P 2 0 0 0 1 2 0
Doyle, r. f 4 1 o o 2 0 o
F.kmd, s. s 4 0 0 0 2 5 3
Stanley, c 4 0 o 0 fi 2 o
Shunahiin. c. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
M-'l.niiKhlin. 1. f 3 10 1111
Stultz. 2b 3 0 1 0 1 2 0
Sheehan, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 4 2
Totals 30 3 3 1 27 16 9
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 4 0 0 0 2 0 3—9
R':«f hits 1 0 2 0 112 1 3—ll
Sacramento 0 00012000—3
hits 0 0 0 0 12 0 0 o—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harvey 4. Fltzpatrick
1. Home runs— Krug:. Hilderbrandt. Two-base
bits— Km*. Mailer, Stultz. Shanahan. First
11 errors— San Francisco S, Sacramento 2.
Pint base or. called balls— San Francisco Z,
Sacramento 4. Left on bases— San Francisco
7. Su'-mmr-nto 5. Struck out— By Fitzgerald 7.
by Hurvey 7. Hit by pitcher— Harvey. Double !
play — Stultz to Epan to Hutohlnson. Time of
game — Two hours. Umpire— Rubt Levy. Of
ficial scorer— H. 3. Mi-Farlin.
AFTERNOON GAME.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Pyne, c. f. &lb 6 0 1 1 is 0 0
Krus, s. c 6 1 3 1 4 3 1
I Riley, 3b 5 10 0 4 4 0
EDDIE O. KRAGNESS.
Suliivan, lb 1 0 0 0 4 '' »
Hild'brandt. r( 4 r( 5 0 1 1 2 0
Muller, i. t :, 0 2 0 3 0 0
i r"Nell, 2b i o <"' 0 0 5 0
Swindells, c 6 0 0 0 4 2 o
[berg, p •'» o i> o i 5 2
Billings, r. f 2 0 0 0 0 11
Totals 44 2 7 3 »40 20 4
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchlnson, lb 6 1 2 0 10 1 1
Harvey, r. f 6 0 1 0 2 0 1
Doyle, p 7 0 1 0 0 11 0
Egan. B. i 6 0 1 0 3 6 1
|r, c 4 f' 1 0 S 3 0
Sh inahan, c. f 6 o 2 1 4 1 0
Mi Laughlln, 1. f....6 2 3 1 2 0 1
BtUltS, 2b 6 0 2 0 3 5 0
Sheehan, 3b fi n 0 o 4 2 2
Totals 51 3 13 2 42 M fi
•One man out when winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco n 0000010000010— 2
Rase hits 1] ft 0002100110 r>— 7
Sacramento o 000100000001 I—3
Has- hits "10 0 2 0 11112 0 2 2—13
SUMMARY.
Run? responsible for— lh?rg 2. Doyle 1. Three
has.- hits — Krug 2, MrLaughlin. Two-base
hits StultZ, Kruc Sacrifice hits— Stanley.
Egan, O'Nell 2. Harvey. First base on errors—
San Francisco v, Sacramento 3. First base on
called balls. Pan Francisco 4, Sacramento 4.
Left on bases San Francisco 8, Sacramento 14.
Struck out— By Iberis 4. by Doyle 5. Double
plays Rilcy to Pyne, Shanahan to Egan to
Stultz. Passed balls -Stanley 2. Time of
game— 3 hours. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer —
Btapleton.
Watsonville Wins Again.
WATSON VI June 11.— The Sugar
Beets again put it on the Dudes here
to-day. It was a spirited game through
out. both nines putting up an excellent
article of ball. McCarthy made the star
play of the game when he caught a hot
liner with his left hand after a hard run.
The score:
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Broekhoff. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
McCarthy, s. s 4 0 2 0 2 2 0
Courtney, c. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Selna, lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
Morrow, c .. 4 0 1 0 8 0 1
Flake, 2b 4 110 14 0
Hayes, 1. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Rice. r. f 4 110 10 0
Harper, p 3 10 0 110
Totals 35 3 7 0 27 11 "l
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Sehmeer. s. s 3 0 0 0 3 3 1
Hammond. 1. f. & c. 4 0 0 0 l l 0
Dunleavy, c. &1. f.. 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Donovan, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Lang. 3b 3 12 0.2 2 0
pies, 2h 4 0 0 0 2 2 2
Johnston, lb 4 0 1 0 13 0 0
Harai*. r. f 3000200
Mosklman, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 2
Totals 31 1 4 0 27 11 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Watsnnville 0 1* 0 0 2 0 0 0 o—3
Base hits 1 2 2 0 0 1 0 0 I—7
Oakland 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 o—l
Base hits 02000101 o—4
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit— Plake. Double play— Schmeer
to Johnston. Base on balls— Oakland 3. Struck
— By Harper 1 8, by Moskiman 2. First base
on Watsonville 2. Left on bases—
sonvllle 5, Oakland 6. Time of game— l:3o
Umpire— Cahill. Scorer— A. Peckham.
9
One More for the Lobsters.
SAN JOSK. June 11.— The Santa Cruz
team snatched victory from seeming de
feat in the eighth inning of a fast and
furious game here to-day. The visitors
did not make a single hit or a run until
the dawning of the eighth, when they
made one run. tieing the score. Ten in
nings were required, and in the last the
Santa Cruz boys secured two more runs,
winning with a score of 3 to 1. Pitchers
Andrews and Daubenbis were both ef
fective. The score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
MrOuoken, c. t 4 n 0 n 1 n n
Graham, r. f 3 10 0 4 0 0
Andersi n, 2b 3 11 (1 0 11 ?, 1
Dalrymple, 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 14 0 0
1 > 1 tea, 3b 4000110
Leake, s. s 3 0 10 2 3 1
Andrews, p 4 0 10 14 0
Kent, c 4 0 1 0 5 1 1
Totals 31 1 3 0 30 12 1
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Williams, 2b 4 0 0 0 6 2 0
I'onlin, 1. f 4 110 3 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 5 0 1 0 2 5 0
Pace, c 5 0 0 1 5 0 0
Clarke, lb 5 0 0 0 10 2 2
Klelber, s. s 4 0 10 4 5 2
Burge, r. f 4 0 0 0 1 1 1
Drennan, c. f 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
Daubenbis, p. . 1 1 1 0 4 0
Totals 37 3 5 2 30 19 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 o—l
1..1 M hits 0 02010000 o—3
Sinta Cruz 0 (I 0000010 2—3
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 2—5
SUMMARY.
Runs rerponsible for— Andrews 2. Two-base
hit.-— Drennan, Donlin, Devereaux. Sacrifice
hits— Leake, Dalrymple, Williams. Donlin.
Double plays— Hanlon unassisted, Andrews to
Kent to Hanlon, Kleibcr to Williams to
• 'larke. Left on basts— San Jose 3. Santa Cruz
S. Struck out— By Andrews 2, by Daubenbis 3
Bases on balls— Off Andrews 3, off Daubt-nbis
5. Hit by pitcher— Daubenbis. Passed ball-
Pace. Umpire— O'Connell. Scorer— Waldorf.
WARSHIP PROVES
A SURPRISE TO
THE LEASHMEN
Wins the Open Stake
at Union Park.
DID NOT FIGURE A WINNER
BETTORS COULD WRITE THEIR
OWN TICKETS ON HIM.
P. J. Reilly's White and Brindle Dog
Ran Brilliantly Throughout
Many Rounds of Great
Coursing.
Warship, a white and brindle dog, \
proved ih> surprise ;<t Union Coursing I
Park yesterday, winning the open stake
in dashing style. When betting com
menced in the long odds book on Saturday :
any person desiring to back the dog could
have written his own ticket. He won his !
course with Newsboy on Saturday, and
the odds on him to win the stake were 50
to I. As an indication of how lightly lie
was held by the betting men the odds
were 10 to l that Young America would
beat him in his first start yesterday.
Warship defeated Young America and
finally worked his way into the all-im
portant final. There he met Benieia Boy.
The dogs were slipped to a fast bare,
which twisted and turned in the fleld
near the bench. In one of the quick
turns, after Warship seemed to have the
stake at his mercy, he slipped and rolled
over several times. He acted as though
dazed for v moment, hut pluckily went In
pursuit of his Kan:.-. Benieia Boy was
running up points all this time and the
spectators thought he could not i"Se.
"Warship finally pot the hare, which
proved a clinker, and soon had the score
a tie. The hare lasted just long enough
for him to overcome the lead 01 Benicie
Boy and win.
The sport throughout the day was good,
although some of the besi dogs were
held out for next Sunday for the ladies'
day champion stake, one of the classic
coursing events of the year.
Judge Bull was apblauded during the
second round when he declared it "no
course" between Prince Hal and Law
rence. The former, which was the favor
ite, goi away from the slips some lengths
in the lead. He won both times.
Mr. Hanrahan of Sacramento was pres
ent to see his dog Mercury K n through the
stake. He was defeated In the last round.
The detailed results of the coursing w< rei
First round— Russell, Allen A w 'tis ma (fas
ter Claire beat John Maher's Soubrette; D .1
Healej c For Glory beat Mil U - -
Robert; Handy & Smith's Pel it J.
McNeil's Sportsman. Handy & Smiths i
beat Larkey & Rock's Myrtle; F. A. M-
Motto beat H. A.. Deckelman'i Glen Roy; Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma beat T. .1.
Harrington's Mercy May; J. P. Thrifts F.orget
bPht J. Perry's Commodore Nash; ON(
Hanraban'i Mercury beal J. P. Thrift • Bt
Michael; Rincon kennels' Ski beat H.
Weckelroan'a Pet Kirby: H. F. Anderson a
I'rawford Braes beat T. Butler'? Susie: 1. »l
& Thompson's Prince Hal beat D. J. Healey's
Maiigi* N; H. a. Deckelman's Lawrence beat
Lowe & Thompson's Patria: Bartels Brothers'
Mac's Melody beat Lowe & Thompson.- St.
Aran; M. London's Magneto beal J. Byrnes'
Olympus: Kay \- Trams Innlsfallen beat T.
F." Lagan's Miss Grizzle; P. J. RelUy's War
ship beat J. O' Shea's Young America; Larkey
& Rock's Liberty Bell beat M. Lan.i.in's Shar
key; P. Brophy's Benicla Boy beat Hand] &
Smith's Victor Queen; R. E. de B. Lopez's San
tiae 11 beat Dennis & Porter's The Devil; F.
Moron's Golden Russet beat E. M. Kellopg's
Lady Ullmore.
B< iond round— For Glory beat Master Claire;
M tto beat Petronius; Victor beat Lady Emma;
Mercurj beat Target; Crawford Braes beat
Ski: Prince Hal beat Lawrence; Mac's V
beat Magneto; Warship beat Innipfallen; Beni
cla Boy beat Liberty Bell; Santiago beat
Golden ' Russett
Third round— For Glory beat Victor; Mercury
beat Motto: Prince Hal beat Crawford Brae?;
Warship beat Mac's Melody. Benicla Boy beat
Santiago.
Fourth round -Mercury beat For Glory; War
ship beat Prince Hal; Benicla Boy, a bye.
Fifth round— Benicia Boy beat Mercury; War
ship, a bye.
Final round— Warship beat Benicla Boy.
STELLA B WINS AT LOS
ANGELES.
I .OS ANGELES, June 11.— At Agricul
tural Park coursing to-day Stella P> won
first money. St. Gertrude second. Fleet
wood third. Kitty Bcott fourth. There was
a larger crowd than usual, and the sport
was excellent, as the hares were strong,
long runs being the rule.
An Outing by the Seaside.
A great deal of interest is being mani
fested in the grand union excursion of the
city churches und. r the auspices of the
Young Men's Christian Association to Ho
tel del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove next Thursday. The tickets are
l>e! us disposed of rapidly, and only five
hundred will be sold. Tickets good for
five days, to return on any regular train
irp to "and including Monday, the 10th.
The special train will leave next Thurs
day morning from Third and Towneend
street station at 7 o'clock; Valencia street
station at 7:10.
A widow at Herne Hill, acred ninety
eight, has eleven children, fifty grand
children and ninety great-grandchildren.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"^I^U yi/Mp&< pIGHTEEN
"Sf^-fatSTAR QfhOPF^M experience. largest and
■ttAA" 1 J~?~ best-equipped medical
'■JgSj D r MEYERS Institution in Ameri-
*4^a ° c Ysi& ca> tn ousands of quick
~^m v/fllttvttw VS^S^ and permanent cures
jmt^MW^W^ 1 annually and fair hus-
§g&jglSgk&2!*** mess dealings is the
record of Dr. Meyers & Co. .
THEY CURE diseases of the kidneys,
bladder, spine, liver, heart, skin, blood;
also premature decay, unnatural losses,
wasting drains, nervous debility, stricture,
rupture, piles, varicocele, special diseases,
etc.
PAY "WHEN CURED— Patients can ar-
range to pay when cured, or pay in
monthly or weekly Installments. !
HOME CURES— Dr. Meyers & Co. cure
and restore a great many men every year
without seeing them. Sufferers who can-
not call should write for their book,
"Marriage Guide; Private Counselor for
Men." symptom blanks, prices and full
particulars of their _ ..
wonderful Home- . ~joCf=~^~ ~~^SL^st.
Cure system. Con- •iVMiii^S^r^s-iaM.
sultation free at l»2S~^li^-s?«i
office or by mail. JpSßriP ~^j
DOCTOR 0 J
MEYERS & CO., ™ 3§*l§) 1
731 Market St., yl, *^""^. \ j.
7to S evenings: 9 jXyME^^kK^mi
to 11 Sundays. Ele- \MwiM/v,Vw
vator entrance. rwHK Y^juWrM •SSL "
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
i healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
■■ Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
-1 regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
; itlpation. Piles and all derangements of the
; Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists,
I or by mall. BADWAT & CO., New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®>040 ♦ ©♦© -f ©>©40-f o^o4© ♦ ©>©>©-♦■ €»■©>© -f ®>© + ©+©>© -f ©4SH-0
® 0
! CURED RHEUMATISM.}
1 g£\ Dr, McLaughlin's Electric I
I\, yl ;^-^ ' , Belt Again Proves Its !
ifef^T^ Great Value. It Cures |
t i m^^^^m[ When Every!hing I
1 IfptgAilP Else Fails ' I
I t^^^S^Sm^ — - |
$ -/'iff PORT KENYOX (Humboldt Coun- ©
X •' tv « Cal ->. May 25. is;ift.— Dr M A -X-
x McLaughlin— Dear Sir: From the r\
V first moment your Electric Belt clasped my waist I began to got well and am x
X. now entirely cured of sciatic rheumatism. I owe my strength and happiness ~X
* to your Belt, and hope others who suffer will open their eyes and see the '
"♦■ benefit it will be to them. Yours truly, HARRY PERRY. " ' ♦
| DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT |
X This grand Belt has cured four thousand people in California during the +
© past five years. it cures Nervous and Vital weakness, Rheumatism Lame (i)
■♦- Back and Kidney Troubles. It cures many of the worst forms of Nervous X
0 Debility after all else falls. ' 0
I IX WILL CURE YOU. |
4- Stop drugging if It does not help you, and the money that you would pay -♦■
d) a doctor in one month will buy this famous Belt. It is worth its weight in <i\
X gold, for it saturates the weakened body with new life, new vigor, new _£
fa manhood. 0
% SE*iD FOR "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." i
© It is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point W
+■ out a means by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed, free to any "*"
© address, or can be had on application at the office. ©
■i- Don't put it off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the happiness not ♦■
© only of yourself, but of your family and friends, of your future. You should ®
+■ not delay. Call or address +
5- TV IUI A TUT T Tl' 702 Markot St., cor. Kearny. 8. I 1.; ?
| Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, ******£»*. s^ |
® Office Hours— B a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundaye. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. 0
©404© 4- o+o+® ♦ ®-f® ♦ <§>♦<•> >® ♦ ®^©>©-f ®>®>®>®><S)4^>(»>4®^®><i>t<j)
! visit DR. JORDAN'S great 2
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
1051 Mi2ZET ST. bet. 6±fc7:i, Z.T. Z:\. ( 1
tj' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the T
_^js_s^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A '
«£r«&l disease po»itl*«-ly cured hy the oldest T
If lEfl| tiaiiit on the Coiit Hit. 36 years. ( I
4 _-Sss?B DR.JORDAN-FRIVATE DISEASES, I
■ A Ittlß^B Consultation free and strirtly private. \
' C E Jt£"«f fl T" a " llcnl personally r>r by lc;tcr. A B
!T R fl' ijlH /"ottdte Cure in every case undertaken. T
f) It !! Wit* Write for R k PHII.OSOI'HV of A
' » II I BIBRIACE, MAILED FREE. (A ¥
\Jk i* 11' valuable book for IUMi) A
I V OK. J«>Rl>A.\ *<<> . 10,1 MarketSt..R. F. 9
I _^ "™" fJ
Hflrr nnill I Corner Fourth and
UH L L 11 U I L f^^OveTcoats^fn-d
Valises checked free.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MOUTH KIt.V PACIFIC CO3IPAHT.
(PACIFIC HYHTEM.)
Trains I*«t« itml tire <lii<- lv »rrlv« nl
SAN HU\CIS(<).
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street)
1 lbave — From June 1, 1899. — arkiyi
7:00 a Benicia, Suieun and Sacramento.... 5:15p
7:o«a Marjsville. OroTilleand Redding Tia
Wooiilaud 5:43p
7:OOa Elmira, Vacavillo and Kunisey 8:45p
?:UOa Martinc:, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Oalistogft and Santa Rosa OtlSp
S:OOa Atiautiel;ipri's«, Ogdeu and lOaat.. Ki-ISp
■sHOaSsu .lose, Lirermore, Stockton,
lone, fcac.-auicuto, riacerville,
MnrysTiltc. ChiJO. IU-.1 Uliilf -«:|."Ji-
-8:110a "Milton, UakfJaLand >onora 4:l."Sp
O:OW\ HaywanU. Hfles and Way Stations. 11:45 a
O:OOa Martinez. Tracy, I.athrop, Stockton,
Mltc dmd Fresno 1 2>1 3r
»io«a ITrwiio, rsliclil. iSnnU Iturliaia,
Los Angeles. Doming. El I'aso,
Now Orleans and Kast 0:15p
I O:OOa VqUcJo. Martinez end Way Stations " 7:45p
I 1 :«»A Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations. 2:45p
I 2:00 m Kiles, Livcrmore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia,
Pcrterrille 4:l!Jp
•l:OOi> Sacramento ltiverStonmcrs •!»:OOp
3:00p Hayirarda, Nileß and Way Stations. 3«45p
4:OOr Marthu'7. San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, ('BUstiigii. Santa Rosa Dill)*
4ioop Benicia. VacaTille. Saerninento,
Wood. and, Knights Landing,
Marysrillo, OroTillo i«:43a
4:B0p San. Tosoaud Stockton 7:J5p
4:30p Yosemito Bleeping Car for Raymond 12:15p
»:OOp Tho Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara,
Lcs Angeles V:43a
5:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:15p
Q:3Op Martinez, Tracy, MenUota, Fresno,
Mojavo ami Los Angeles 8:45 a ;
Oi3Op Santa Fu Route, Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojava anil Y.ast C:l."Sp
0:00 p Kuropeau Mall, Ogdon and Hast.... 9i-1:Ia
0:O0p Haywards, Nilea and San Jose 7:45 a
•0:00 1- Vallejo 12:15p
?>OOp OrcßOii I'xpreßg, Sacramento, Maryg-
\illo. Ki.'ililinK. I'liitlainl, I'iigot
Sound and Kast 7«4»a
t*i««r VaUeJo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tlons t » O =••> <>f
COAST DIVISIOW (Narrow (iauito).
• (Foot of Market Street.)
J7:43a Santa Cruz Eicursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations tB:o3p
8:1 3a Newark, Onterville, Ban Jose, Felton,
Boulder Crcck.SantaOruz and Way
Stations StSOp
2:1 Newark, C'enterrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Itouldor Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "1 0:50 a
4:l&p San Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a
64: 13p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
Mods / 0:20 a,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
: from SAN FRANCISCO — Foci of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 0:00 11:00 a.M. 11:00 *2:00 13:00
M:O3 J5:00 »6:00 p.m.
Rom OiltHlD— Foot or Broadwuj.— "o:oo 800 10 00* if
tig -30 ♦1:00 12.00 «3:03 tl:00 -5:COr.M.'
COAST IM VISION (Broad flange).
: (Third and Townaentl St 3.)
•0:1 Oa Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. *6:30p
•7:OOa San Joso ami Wny Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:!tOp
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Banta Cruz, Pndflo Grove and
Principal Way Stations !B:3Sr
9:00 a San .lose, Tres Eluos, Suntiv Cruz,
Pacilic Grove, Paso Koblcs, San
I.uls Ohispo. Guadalupe, Surf anil
Principal Way Stations 4:1 Or
1O:IOa Bau .loan n1 hI Way Stations *8:OOa
I 1:<(Oa San Jose out! Way Stations S:3or
•»:43r San Mateo, Itcdwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Sau.lose,
Gilroy, Hollister. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Paciflo
Crovo *IoiS6a
•8:3 Op San .Togo and Way Stations V. *»-oo a
« ! I> 2 an Joso and Principal Way Station's' «:15 A
•3:00p .San Joso aD( J Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
s:aop Sau.loga and Principal Way Stations «8:33 a
«:30p San Jose and Way Stations 7-:toi>
tll:4si> San Jose and Way Stations '. 7:HOp
71 A for Morning. "1" for Afternoon '
''"'"'ftJ' e*cepted. J Sunday oD ly. t Satnr.lav only
oSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, S2S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE, Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street
TAAIALPAIS SCENIC RAILVVAy
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23 1899 '
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p m
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p m
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and' 1:45 230
and 4 d. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return $1 40
THOS. COOK & SON, Agets., 621 Market »X.
I RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN ITRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a, m.; 12:3*
. 8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:a«
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, IM.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
; WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 8:20, 11:10 a, m. 13:4*.
; 1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 6:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40. 6:66.
: 6:25 p. m. •
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
' Mine schedule as above.
, Leave '■ Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. — April 16. ■ ■
Week Sun- 1»99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
T:3O am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1 1:20 pm 9:30 am Peialuma. 6:05 pm 10:25 an»
I 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
t:3O am Windsor, 10:25 an
Healdsburgr.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:50 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hoj/.ar.d and 10:25 am
j »:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pnx
t :30 am 10:25 ara
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
I 1:30 pm j 6:20 pm
j 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ana
and
j 8:10 pm 5:60 pm Glen Elian. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
I 7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 1:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
! Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skag?»
; Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
, land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
: Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
prings, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
i Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville.
Boonerille, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
; Westport. Usa!. Willitts. Laytonville. Cum-
■ mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
i reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
; beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg,
H. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
__R^%^^^^^illY VIA THE
< ♦IpS-Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET BMOKING AND LIBRARY CABS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARB.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY IK DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leave* Ban Francisco dally at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent
Ko. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via &*u*aUUt F«rnr.
Commencing April 23, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00. »:30, 11:00 a. m.;
1 •1:45, 3:20, 4:00 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:80 p. in.
I SUNDAYS— *9:00, »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
; a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, *2:3«, *4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11 -00 a m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6-30 p m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sunday*.
■ •Train's marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:2S, »6:40. 7:56, 8:40, »10:20
a m • 12:30, 2:15. *3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. *S:00, *9:45, M 0:45, •11:4:>
a. m.: 1:00. 2:20. *3:30, •5:13, *6:00, 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:33
a m.: 12:35, 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1:20, 2:40, 3:5. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns
5:15 p.m. week days (Saturdays exeeptedj—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1:45 p.m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1893. trains will run as follows!
South-bound. North-bound.
Fassen- i Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am atockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
I:1C am 2:05 pin Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm, Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am; 1:45 pro
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 piQ
12:15 pm 6:53 pm| Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pa
Stopping: at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 821 Marks*
\treet._ San_Franc isco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
I O great Mexican remedy; gives health anfl
1 •treugta to »exu»l organs, .Qeyjt, 323 Market.A DISPUTED
BILL MAY SAVE
THE TEACHERS
Discord Among School
Directors.
OTIS AND SLOAN PROVOKED
A CENSUS CLAIM ALLOWED
AGAINST THEIR PROTEST.
Otis May Take the Matter ■ Into
Court and All Decapitation
Combinations Are
Off.
1 ALAMEDA, June 11. -The payment of a
Mil of $ls to School Census Marshal Hal
lentine for extra work in connection with
taking the last school census promises to
Plunge the members of the Alameda
Board of Education into a row that will
rival In severity the recent scrimmage be
tween the- City Trustees and Clerk Lam
born.
>. consisting of
Directors Otis and Sloan, reported ad
versely on the claim at the last meeting
df the board. Directors Brown and Keys
favored the payment of it, and Chairman
beott. who had hitherto been affiliated
with Otis and Sloan, deserted them at the
trying moment and voted to pay Ballen
tine. The argument was heated and the
chagrin of Otis and Sloan on being over
ruled in their judgment as to the legality
of the claim was plainly evident.
The warrant was drawn, but before Bal
lentine could present it to County Superin
tendent Crawford Mr. Otis blocked the
payment by serving notice on Mr. Craw
ford that tne ciaim was illegal and would
be contested in the courts if necessary.
President Scott is not inclined to take
kindly to Mr. Otis' action and threatens
to "kick over the traces' when the board
meets next Tuesday nighl to elect teach
ers for the ensuing year.
On the other hand Mr. Sloan, who is
credited with a desire tv do politics, is in
a position to punish the chairman for
casting his vote against the finance com
mittee's report on the lentine bill. In
cidentally a number of teachers whose
tenure of office has been hanging by a
thread may be saved through the discord
that has sprung up over the Census Mar
?hal's disputed claim.
President Scott has advocated the re
moval of nearly every principal in the de
partment and the employment of new
blnod. Directors Otis and Sloan, it is
stated had reached an understanding
with him to carry his plans into execu
tion, but since he fell down on the propo
sition to reject the annoying claim of Bal
lentine it is hinted that they will with
draw from any nation to bring about
a wholesale decapitation of teachers.
"I do not think the caucus programme
will ko through now." said Director Cy
rus Brown. "Many things have occurred
since the caucus that will result in the
members of the board acting with inde
pendence. I do not think that they are a
unit on anything at the present time, and
I do not believe that th > wholesale slaugh
ter of teachers which was to take place
Tuesday nifcht will come about. There
may be some change?, but I have no idea
that thpy will be as sweeping as was at
first inu-nded."
Coal Oil Stove Did It.
: LAND, J me of G. T.
troyed
manufacturing
rd work to
inlnsr
lien, in • m
were severely
is and nhout their
■
■"■ The bla»
■
Carpenters' Mass-Meeting.
<"'.', KLAN'D. June 11.— E. L. Malsbary
district organizer of the Carpenters arid
■ Iners of America, lias called a sxand
:.- :ss meeting- to be held in California
Hrtl!. Clay street, next Tuesday evening,
when matter? of vital importance to
union labor will be discussed' and plans
formulated for the organisation of a
IMiildinsr Trades Council, .similar to the
one. existing in San Francisco. Prominent
speakers from the metropolis have signi
fied their acceptance to address the meet-
Ing.
CLAY DISC DESTROYERS.
ALAMEDA, June 11.— The San Francis
ir monthly
the Lin
< "lull. Th« i • big crowd
and n tested in the
way with Fors
tie for th< Feudner
and will hold the trophy for the
month.
■uramary of events and the scores
■i. twenty-five tarß<--tp. f<-,r sca
d medal— (sham, 14 ,
ti'-rht
■
Schultz. 23; Klevesahl, 21; Ricklefson, 22;
Trombone 21; Forster, 23; Shaw, 15; Kin^
21; Lockwood, 12; Palmf-r. 18; Fisher, 18;
Miller, 14; VTIel, 10; Murdock, 18; 5
Justins, 17;
,!i. 16; Rose, 16.
kscon Trombone, 23: Schultz 2
Palmrr, 22; Andrus, 2?,; Hecht, 19; Mil
lar. 16.
-
lass, unknown traps,
unknown angles— Feudner. 20; Webb, 20;
OAKLANDER'S DESIGN
WINS THE PRIZE
CHOSEN OVER ALL COMPETITORS.
g f~>. ,\kl.\ND, June ll.— This is the design for which S. F. Langford of East
Oakland ha* been awarded the prize of $LT»O by the managers of the
•* I Toledo Exposition of 1902. The contest for a design to be used as an
Q \-J advertisi an n( tor the exposition was open to the whole country, and out
•* of ninety-seven competitors the Oaklander carried off the palm. S. F. Lang
><i recently completed his course of studies at the California College, Uigh
•* land Park, and Is now taking an advanced course at an Eastern college.
O While here he maintained himself by doing art work for the San Francisco
ipers. He Is studying for the ministry and frequently did ministerial
# duty in K;ist Oakland.
Schultz. 19; Dreyfus, 14; Murdock, 18;
Smith, 5.
Second claps, unknown traps, known
angles— King. 17; Klevesabl, 21; Justins,
13: Eticklefson 23; Shaw, 17; Forster, 23;
i . 22.
Third class, known trap?, known angles
— Wtel, 12; Heckton, 14; Rosenburg, 13;
: Lockwood, is.
Rieklefson and Forster shot off the tie,
former winning.
Pool shoot, ten targets, novelty rules,
reverse gngles- Feudner, 7; Webb, S;
:-z. h, Klevesahl. 7: K<np 7. F, Feud
ner, 5; Schultz o; Rosenburg. 6; Lock
wood, 4; Wiol. fi : Hecht, 8; Vernon. 8;
Blade, 6; Murdock, 8; Klevesahl, 8; Hecht,
.": Vernon, 6; Lockwood, 5; Feudner, 5;
Webb. 7; King, 4; Rosenberg, 4; Kleve
sahl. i
SCORES AT SHELL MOUND.
A number of rifle enthusiasts belonging
t< several shooting organizations held
their regular shoot yesterday at Shell
Mound.' Conditions were favorable from
a marksman's standpoint, and the scores,
v/hich in the main were good, are as fol
lows:
Pan Francisco Schuetzen Verein, Monthly
Medal Shooting::
Champion John Ctschig, 437: first class, Hy
Burfeind, 405: second class, J. D. Helse, 404;
third class. Captain John Thode, 395; fourth
class, J. W. Goetze, 350.
Best first shot. H. Hellberg. 24; best last shot.
August Jungblut, 2.">.
Golden Gate Pistol and Rifle Club— Team
Shoot: Dr. i. Rcdgers, Mi ; D \V. McLaughlin.
217; E. N. Moore, 199; E. Wo«nne, 181; F. W.
Belknap. 141 — total. 938. F. E. Mason. 225; J.
E. Gorman, 206; J. Kullmann. 206; G. Tam
meyer, l^ 1 : O. Bremer, 192— total. 102 S.
Ten shot matches: D. W. McLaughlin. 221;
E. n Moore. IS7, 203, 204, 224; E. Woene. 213.
20S; 180; F. W. Belknap, 175. 161, 158; F. E.
Mason, 22s 221. 214; J. E. Gorman, 223, 204; J.
Kullmann. 193, 201, 188; G. T.immryer, 194.
179, 192; A. BrMeos. ]?6.
J'istol scores: Major Tomkins, S3: 3. K. Gor
man. !>3: O. Carr. 60: Dr. Rodgers. SO; F. E.
Mason. SS; D W. Mclaughlin, 89.
Monthly Medal Shoot of the Germania
Sfhurtzon Club:
Firs: champion •--. .1 LJtschig, 446; second
champion ass, V. Ahren?, 410; first class. E.
II Goetze, 407; second class, J. F. Bridges, 402;
thin! class. H. Lilkendey, 404.
Bushnell Medal scores: D. McLaughlin, 227;
I F. P. Schuster. 223; Dr. Rodger*, 222; D. B.
I Faktor. 219: A. Stre i • 215.
Competition for cash prizes: D. MeLaußhlin,
7S; D. B. Faktor, 71; Dr. Rodgers. 71; J.
L'tschlg, 70 K. H. Goetze, 69.
Monthly bullseye shoot of the Norddeutscher
Vermin: G Srhulz, 22«; D. Salfleld, 454; J. Gef
ken 710; F Rust 774: ,T. Lankenau, 897; D.
Heise. 1021, F. Knch. i 38, F. P. Schuster, 1411;
O l.onicke. 1415 A. Homan, 1469; H. Burt'eind,
1497; H. Hellberg, 1559
RELIEF FOR THE
MAN WITH THE HOE.
At Howard Street Methodist Episcopal
Church last night the pastor, Rev. Dr.
John A. B. Wilson, spoke on "How the
Man With the Hoe May Obtain the Re
lief Provided." The text was Matthew
xii:2B-29. In part he said:
The man with the hoe represents the victim
of our Hl-adjusted economic conditions, which
bestow upon one class a superabundance, de
moralizing by its plethora; ;ir.<l upon another
class a penury that means degeneracy.
In a broader view the man with the hoe
stands for the unrest of life: the despair of
one who toils to no purpose, and finds at the
end of his objective activities subjective dis
appointment. This is the stolid fate that set
tles upon one who peeks rest and finds none.
Whatever the cause in the adjustment of con
ditions, this is the product.
Let me remind you, however, that the need
furnishes the vantage ground of relief. Neces
sity is the Savior's condition of its applica
tion, "Come unto me all ye that labor and
are heavy ladened and I will give you rest."
Every human life is burdened with a "longing
for rest. But. how many are the ways of
securing it? One thinks the cure is the sin
gle tax, and 1 know it would lighten many
burden-; and give to humanity better condi
tions. Another finds In socialistic theories the
agency for redeeming the man with the hoe,
and I shall not deny that a large element of
his theory will enter into the final adjustment
In equity. Another is sure that the temper
ance reformation will bring the millennium,
an*i I admit that the closing of the saloons
and all places where drink is sold would do
more to relieve the miseries of life than any
other one thing reformatory that can be done..
The uplift of society is to be accomplished
through the impartation of new principles of
a better life to the units of society. And this
is done only by contact, yea, by the lmparta
tlon of a better life, and that opportunity is
Jound in "Come unto me all ye that labor
and are heavy ladened and 1 will give you
rest." He gives rest not on the Christmas tree
plan, but by removing the cause of unrest. i
DR. LOCKE'S DISCOURSE
ON HOW TO BE HAPPY
Rev. Charles Edward Locke addressed
gregation in Metropolitan
Temple last night on the "Bright Side of
Things, or Huw to Be Happy." In part
Faith, hope, charity, these three, but the
greatest of these is charity, because it ad
just? us to our fellow men in one vast brother
hood; faith comes first, because it relates us
to our heavenly Father, and to seek first
the kingdom of God and His righteousness
must take priority over all other duties. The
second of this triumvirate of manly virtues
is hope; it is subjective; it -has to do with
thfi inner life of the individual; it Is a kind
of storage battery, indispenbable to the move
ments and progress and happiness of man.
Paul uses another figure when he strikingly
refers to hepe as "an anchor of the soul,
both sure and steadfast," which, in the wild
storms on life's billowy sea, preserves our
frail barks from destruction.
There is a bright side of things, and it is
the factorship of hope to find the bright Fide,
to dwell among the bright things, to preach
the gospc-1 of the light, to rejoice evermore
and to keep this old earth ringing with glad
dest music.
Yes, there is a bright side: it Is the right
Bide; the faifh side; the love side; the cross
side; the heaven side; the Christ side; the
hope side. A recent advertisement reads as
follows: "In the cheering-up business. A
lady who has had successful experience will
read to, or amuse invalids or convalescents."
Good. Humanity around us is sick, let us
so into the cheering-up business! Do not
worry; It doesn't pay; it takes the music out
of the lyre, the song out of the soul! Re
member, "The mill will never grind with the
water that has passed " Let us strive to util
ize our opportunities as they come, but mor
bid dwelling upon past shortcomings will but
and to our sin and dismay by the wasting of
the present. We must not be too much elated
by earth's successes that we may not be over
whelmed by our failures. Let us do our best
and trust God. No matter what may befall
us i rod i: not ad.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1899.
CLEVER ACTRESS WITH
THE FROHMAN COMPANY
MISS MARGARET ANGLIN,
MISS MARGARET ANGLIN' is one of the bright particular stars in *3
the strong aggregation of players which has been gathered to-
gether by Charles Frohman to support Henry Miller in the latest g
popular successes at the Columbia Theater for a season of ten <^
weeks. Miss Anglin will make her first appearance this evening as q
Lady Jessica in "The Liars." and according to those who have witnessed her *•
performances she will make an emphatic bit. 0
Miss Anglin rose into sudden prominence last October immediately after S3
the first performance of "Cyrano de Bergerac" at the Garden Theater, New •0?
York. Unknown and unheralded she had been cast for Roxane, and she *?
conquered every one by the sheer force of ability and personality. Her ex- 0
perience, however, had fitted her for a high class of work and for a promt- i*
nent position before the footlights. £
She is a Canadian by birth and the daughter of an ex-Speaker of the J«j
Dominion Parliament. After receiving her education at a French convent O
she determined to study for the stage. A course at an Eastern dramatic •?
school was followed by her first appearance in a small part in "Shenan- £
doah." under the management of Charles Frohman. at the Academy of Mv- J3
sic, New York, in the season of 1594-5. Since that time she has been contln- H
uously before the public. . ,%
*"*
■'iO'iCiO'iO'.O'.O'iO'iC^.O'iO^.O'.OSC^.O^iOSO'iO'iO'JO'iO'iO'iO'iC^ioi
WOODMEN HAVE
A BIG OUTING
ONE DAY IN THE SANTA CRUZ
WILDWOODS.
Wood-Sawing and Log-Chopping
Contests. Races for Members
and Their Many Friends.
Wnndmr-n? day at Sunset Park in the
Santa Cruz Mountains yesterday was a
great success. It took thirty-Bix cars of
the narrow-gauge line to convey thn
party of fxcursionists made up of the
membership of the several camps of the
Woodmen of the World of San Francisco,
Alameda and Santa Clara Counties, with
their relatives and friends. Upon reach-
Ing the grounds in the wlldwoods the L9(Jo
persons formed into parties and distrib
uted themselves wherever each supposed
waa "the most beautiful spot on the
grounds" and enjoyed lunch, after which
there was dancing in the large pavilion.
In the afternoon there were races on
the Olympic track, with the following re
sults:
Boys under 12 years— Royal Boyd first; Earl
Xorthruii second.
Girls under 1< years— May Northrup, Nina
Craig.
Married women — Mrs. Anna Cormancy, Mrs.
. ■:.' Kernan.
•Carried men— J. Kilraln. Joseph Sullivan.
Members of the order— J. E. Handman of
1 (amp No. 91, and F. Kelly of Tamal
palg i 'amp No. 427.
Young men— Charles MeFadden and F. J.
Nolan.
Young: ladles— Miss Annie Willey, Miss Lily
Robin?"!:.
Women of Woodcraft— Mrs. Juliette Love,
Mrs. Mathilda Bpencer The last named after
Ing the line fainted, but in a few mo
menta rei vered.
Girls under 8 years— Annie Eeckwlth, Bea
trice Hayman.
Boys under 8 year?- Timothy Littlefleld Cecil
Murel.
Sack race— F. Manchester, J. Graham.
Fat men's race- T. P. O'Dell. W. Lawson.
Fat women's race— Esther Dudey, Mrs. S.
B. Memby.
Three-legged race— Frederick Nelson and
Joseph Sullivan, S. H. Stewart and J. F. Byla
The games were followed by the distri
bution in the pavilion of seventy-five
prizes to that number of . individuals.
Many were ridiculously inappropriate.
An "Id maid won a baby's highchair; a
babe in arms got a box of cigars, and a
bride of a month was the winner of a
razor, whilf an unmarried man secured a
sack of flour and another got an order
for a pair of corsets
Another event was a Cakewalk by four
little girls. The prize was awarded to
Missr-s Esther and Bessie Burley.
The log-sawing contest, for which there
were half a dozen entries, attracted a
great deal of interest. Each team of two
with a cross-cut saw cut off a piece of
a log sixty inches in circumference, mak
ing a twenty-inch cut. The prize was
awarded to R. M. Smith and W. M. Mus
ser, who made the cut in 1 minute 12
seconds.
The last event was a log-chopping con
teat, In which there were four entries.
The log was of the same size as the one
sawed. The winner was J. Marlen.
The affair was under the direction of
the genera! committee, consisting of
Richard Fahy, O. F. Bright. E. A.
Sprague, J. S. Patterson and A. J. Wei
nert.
DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES.
Annual Meeting of the French Alli
ance Held at Native Sons'
Hall.
The annual meeting of the French Al
liance for the distribution of prizes to
French scholars was held at Native Sons
Hall yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The hall, gayly and tastefully decorated
with red, white and blue bunting, the na
tional colors of both France and America,
was crowded with members of the so
ciety and the expectant children.
The Alliance Francalse, founded in
Paris in 1883. established in San Francisco
in 1889, is a society having fur its object
the preservation of the French language.
It maintains classes in French in nine of
the grammar schools of the city, and yes
terday was the occasion of the distribu
tion of about 125 prizes to the most pro
ficient scholars.
M. Eugene Legallet's brass band of
thirty pieces, composed of operatives
from his tannery, furnished excellent
music for the meeting. M. S. Weill, presi
dent of the society, took occasion in his
well-chosen introductory remarks to
thank the School Directors for their kind
ness in allowing the society the use of
classrooms. The presentation to M. Eu
gene Legalist, treasurer of the alliance,
with a silver medal by the Home Society
at Paris caused an outburst of applause.
A number on the programme which
aroused the greatest enthusiasm was the
singing of tho "Marseillaise" and the
"Star Spangled Banner" by eleven little
girls. The pupils of the Denman class at
the close of the programme presented a
charming little comedy in French entitled
"The Recompense." The distribution of
the prizes followed. The first prize, a
$25 bank book, was awarded to Miss
Marie Cabanot.
■ ♦ ■
BURIED AT LAUREL HILL.
Last Rites Over the Remains of the
Late James Seouler.
The funf-ral services of the late Jamos
Seouler were held yesterday at 2 o'clock
at the family residence. S3O Vullejo street.
The remains were interred at Laurel
Hill Cemetery, the Rev. J. B. Dickson of
Bethlehem ronprr-cational ("hurch of
ficiating-. The deceased, who leaves a
widow and eiprht children, was a founder
and prominent member of the St. An
drew* Society, and many members of
that order att<"">"d the services. Samuel
Irvlnp. William Watson. George David
son. Walter Davidson. John Easton and
William Nicol acted as pall bearers.
GRAND PRIX OF PARIS
CAPTURED BY PERTH
Velasquez Finishes in Second Place
and Alhambra Gets the
"Show."
PARIS!. June 11.— The Grand Prix de ]
j Paris was won to-day by Perth, with Ye- ;
1 lasquez second and Alhambra third. Fif- j
, teen ran. The betting was 6 to 4 against '■
Peith. 7 to 1 against Velasquez and 4 to 1
! against Alhamhra. .
A good start was made, with Herse and j
Le Buuleaunie leading, and M. Caillault's
bay colt Perth heading the second bunch.
; The same order was maintained until tho I
' straight was reached, when Perth shot to I
the front, followed by M. de Gheest's bay '•
colt Velasquez and Vnmte de Pel's buy
COlt Alhambra, and won easily by half a '
length. There were no disturbances of
any kind.
The Grand Prix de Paris of 200.000 francs
—160,000 francs given by the city of Paris !
and 50.000 francs given by the five great
railway companies— is for colts and nllies
foaled in 11-'"'l 1 -'"' of every description and
country. To this is added a sweepstakes
of 1000 francs each, the second to tt Ive
20,000 francs and the third 10,000 francs out !
of the stakes. The course is about three !
thousand meters (nearly a mile and seven
furlongs).
CLINICS FOR THE CURE
OF TUBERCULOSIS
Francisque Crotte May Introduce
His New System in San
Francisco.
CHICAGO. June 11.— Francisque Crotte
nf P;irif;, known in medical circles of the
world by reason of nls use of formalde
hyde and other antiseptics by means of
static electricity for the cure of tuber
culosis, is here and proposes to open a
public clinic in this city within two weeks
t'm the treatment of poor persons suffer
ing from tuberculosis. He is confident he
will be able to demonstrate the efficacy
of this treatment to the full extent of bis
preposition to the members of the medical
congress at Columbus. His only require
ment will be that those presenting them
selves for treatment shall bring with them
certificates from the city authorities to
the effect that they have not the means to
pay for jt.
It Is his purpose to establish public
clinics in New York and probably in San
Francisco. His demonstrations in Chi
cago will be compelled to await the ar
rival of one of his machines, which he
expects will be here within two weeks.
CRIME OF DRUNKEN MEN.
Wantonly Fire Upon and Wound an
Inoffensive Negro.
SACRAMENTO, June 11. -Two men who
had been on a ppree in Folsom all day
wantonly .shot and wounded KfTt Hicks,
a colored man, at that place to-night. Iho
men had been working near Folsom, hut
nobody seemed to know their names. On
meeting Hirks they abused him for a
while and then one remarked that h*
"wnuld as soon shoot a 'niggrer' as not "
With that two ahote were fired. One bul
let hit Hicks in an arm and the other in i
leg. Neither wound Is serious. The men
then jumped on their bicycles and rode
away. Sheriff Johnson and deputies have
left the city to hunt for them.
Eight-Hour Law in Effect.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 11.— The
eight-hour law goes into effect to
morrow. Reports from Nelson and Slo
can indicate that the strike situation is
unchanged. The attempt of the Duncan
mines to employ Italians has failed. The
management of the Vmir mine is trying
to secure miners. Non-union men are un
willing to work for $3 when union men are
holding out for $3 50.
Swelling the Medal Fund.
SATSAI.TTO, June 11.-The Native Sons
of Marin County are gathering contribu
tions for the fund to purchase medals for
the volunteers returning from the Philip
pines. Sea Point Parlor No. 158 has con
tributed ?10 and the following have been
appointed a committee to receive dona
tions: J. J. Pryor (chairman), Gus H.
Kilborn and George Ryan.
HARMONY ALLIANCE PICNIC
Programme of Athletic Games at
Schuetzen Park.
SAN RAFAEL. June 11.— The fourth an
nual picnic of Harmony Alliance No. 15,
St. Patrick's Alliance of America, was
held to-day at Schuetzen Park, about 1000
persons being present. A good programme
of games was presented, the winners in
the various events being as follows:
Race for boys under 12— Tom O'Brien,
first; Dan Sullivan, second.
Race for girls under 12— Maggie Moore,
first; Katie Smith, second.
Boys under 16— Willie O'Shaughnessy,
first: Michael O'Brien, second.
Girls under I^-Julia Smith, first; Carrie
Goson. second.
Young men's race— J. Jackson, first;
Daniel Kelly, second.
Married ladies" race— Mrs. Ryan, first;
Mrs. Torrance, second.
Fat men's race— ~. Tierney, first; M. J.
Corcoran, second.
The president of the society Is John
Ganey, the secretary J. J. Dunne. The
committee of arrangements for the picnic
was composed of Thomas McKeon (chair
man). F. A. O'Brien. James Collins, Jo
seph O'Brien and J. G. Gilbride.
BODY FOUND IN THE BAY.
SAN RAFAEL, June 11.— For several
days the body of a man has been seen at
different times floating in the neighbor
hood of El Campo. When Coroner Eden
learned of this he sent Captain Charles
McNeil] in the launch Norwood to search
for the body. It was found to-day, towed
to San Quentin and brought to the
Morgue by rail. The man had evidently
been in the water about six weeks. He
was about 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighed
about 145 pounds. On tho left Coot was a
heavy-soled gaiter, patched on the out
side edge. The clothing was a black waist
coat of diagonal groin and trousers of the
same material, what hud been either a
white sweater or an undershirt, gray
socks and white suspenders.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to I,ouls
Lercari, lot on NE corner of Waller and La
guna streets, E 80 by N 100; $3500.
J. M. Weir to Charles Sladky, lot on N line
of Pine Btreet, 19fi:10H W of Pierce, W 26.6*4.
N 137:6, E 51:6%, S 25:6, W 25. S 112; $5.
Patrick Foran t.> Winifred A. Koran, lot on
Sff corner of Sacramento and Devisadero
streets, S 26:7 by W 110: gift.
Winifred A. Foran to J. A Miller, same; $10.
Mary A. Mapnin iwife of Isaac) to Louis
Gassner (wife of L.), lot on N line of Page
Street, 37:6 E of Masonic avenue. E 25 by N 100;
$10.
Louis Gassner to Henrietta Gassner (.wife of
L.). same: sri ft.
Hibernla Pavings and Loan Society to Frank
A. Dwyer, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 103
N of Eighteenth, N* 25 by W 100; $1400.
Elisabeth Harp to Ellen C. Rlley, lot on SE
line of Silver street, 195 XE of Fourth, NE 20
by SE 80; gift.
Lena II Lolor to Ella Lolor, l"t on N W line
of Mission street, 240 XE of Fifth. NE 35. NW
160, SW 25, SE 60. SW 10, SE 100, quitclaim
deed; $in.
Faustina H. Faulin (Blinn) and Frank L.
Bllnn to Frederick G. Blinn. lot on SE line of
Mission (Street, 260 SW of Eighth. PW 25 by SE
SO, quitclaim deed; $5.
Faustina H. Panlin (Blinn) and Frederick
G Blinn to Frank L. Blinn, lot on SE line of
Mission street, 225 SW of Eighth, SW 6:, by SE
SO, quitclaim deed: $5.
City and County of San Francisco to Addl
son E. Head and Alvinza Hayward. lot on SE
corner of Sixteenth (Center) and L'tah streets,
SM7, X 200, NM7, W 210; % .
41vin7.a and Charity Hayward to Regents of
the University of California, undivided seven
twelfths of same; 16057.
Same to Same, lot on NW corner San Bruno
avenue (Nebraska* and Seventeenth street
(Santa Hara). N 19J by W 100: $4825
Addison E. and Rebecca Head to Same, un
divided five-twelfths lot on E line of I'tah
■treet 198 N Seventeenth. N 207 by E 200: $5500.
John E and Nellie C. Mason to Same, lot on
NE f.rner Seventeenth street (Santa Clara) and
Utah N 19J bj E 100: $6272.
Charles H. and Ida Ford to Mary J. Curran.
lot on N line of B street. 52:6 W Seventeenth
avenue. W 15 hy N 100; $850.
William 3 fiunn to Charles Bliss, lot on SW
corner of B street and Twentieth avenue. S
150 W So N --0, W U:i, N. 100, E 132:6; $1050.
William T Wallace to Charles F. Sheibley.
lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 125 N C stret*
N 2:. by E U0; $10.
John and Wlnnefred Sheehy to Duncan Mc-
NY. lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 200 S I
street B 125 by W 110; It
John Somersett to Annie Somersett. lot on W
line of Ninth avenue. 275 9 X street. S 25 by W
Annie*. Somersett (wife of John), to Solomon
'\fhert M and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Her
man Hauser. lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 75
N O street. N 25 by W 117:6; $10.
lames W Sr. and James W. Jr. <sons of
John). M. Linnahan (by W. S. Wheaton trus
tee) and J W. Linnahan Jr. to Olive \ erkouto
ren. lot 20. block 13, University Homestead
M^und Survey: $10.
Albert C. Aiken to same, lots 29 to 32, block
]". same: $20.
niive V'erkouteren (by Solomon Ducas, attor
ney) to Emll Giannlnl. same; $10.
Alameda County.
C E Young to Martha Jane I.nrrimore. lot
on N*E line of East Seventeenth street. 108 SE
of Nineteenth avenue, SB 75 by NE HO, being
lots 5. 6 and 7. block 40, San Antonio, East
Mary E. and Luther J. Holton to T. B. Dra
per lot on N line of San Jose avenue, 140 E
of Willow street. F. 40 by N 150, being the E 10
feet of lot 3 and "W SO feet of lot 4. in W half
of block L, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Ala
"h a W Bodwell to Bodwell Fruit Evaporating
Company (a corporation), that portion of lots
D and ' G in block 47 as lies E of W.
P Railroad Company's right of way. the
same beinK hounded N by B line of plats C
and H block 47. E by Martinez street. S by
N line of lot E and VI" by right of way of said
railroad company, San Leandro; also all that
Dortion of lots E and F in block 47. which lies
E of W P. Railroad Comrany's right of
way the same being bounded N by S
line of lot D In block 47. E by Martinez street.
S by Parrott street and XV by rleht of way
of said railroad company, same, Eden Town-
S J P> N Rhorer to Susan Rhorer. lot on N line
of Eighth street. 27:6 XV of Henry street, W
29-6 by N 70, being portion lots 1 and 4, block
455. Gibbons property, man 1 Oakland: Rift.
George F. and Mac E. Hardy to Michael and
Johanna Foley. lot on S line of Campbell
avenue (or Thirtieth street). 173:10 E of San
Pablo avenue. E 40 by S 140. being a portion
of lots 1 and 24. block B. Brockhurst and
Whitcher Tract. Oakland: $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Annie Johns,
lot 20 block 9, Shaw Tract, Berkeley; $105. '
The McCarthy Co. (a corporation) to Richard
Reinnltz lots 31 and 32, in subdivision A,
Fruitvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn; $10.
Frank F. Dodge to L. J. Grant, lota 12 and
13 Turnbull Tract, being a subdivision of lot
7 ' Yoakum Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
I Anna It. Danforth to same, lot 14. same,
Brooklyn Township: $10. •
Edwin Whltcomb to Orrln and. Mary J.
Berdrow, lot on W line of Shuey avenue, 154
P of Huff avenue, S 30 by W 120. being a por
tion of lot 1. Map of Shuey Estate, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Albert P. Woodbridge to "Walter E. and Annie
E. Logan, lot on E line of Champion street,
100 N of Chicago avenue, E 120.64, N 50, W
120 76. S 50 to beginning, being lots 5 and 6,
block B Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
Joseph A. Leonard to M. A. W. Dilman, lot
on "W line of Chestunt street. 137:6 S of Clinton
avenue, W 216 S to patent In Rancho de San
Antonio and to bay of San Francisco, thence
E to W line of Chestnut street. N to beginning
Alameda; $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M H Orr Stockton I D C Donaldson, Cal
J P Wright, Anderson Z> H Clark, St Paul
E F FfrKUson. S Jose ' A Cnsselll & w, Sacto
Mr? W E Weldon, Cal H G May, Sacto
MiH Nelson, Chl H E Flsk, Chicago
M Salisbury, Cal J C Slator. N V
E Williams. Nevada P McDonald. Cal
J T Sheehan .Tr, Sacto J Luß, Riverside
J Revs?, Idalv> O H Bradt. Ohio
C A Kinß. Cal IM Kohn, N V
T L O f Neil, S Cruz S Ofner & w. Chicago
I H W Dlckson & w, E P Shaw, Parto
Cal Mrs F W Johnson, Cal
B Meerson, Cal Ml?s L A Bwexy, Cal
T Dunn. Berkeley \V C Ralston, Cal
W H Harlan, Cal iMiss D CofTman. Cal
W B Clark. Mas? F W Kreiier. Term
Mr * Mrs a Fury, H M cialr Jr. Phila
inarm J M Strioninp. P Rosa
G J Kelly, Utah G r> Flsk. Woodland
M Wiley, NY U W Forcens, w & d,
J L Bevls. St Louis ! Santa Cms
A L Learn &w. Cal H A Allen, Cal
Mrs H A Hansen, Cal B A Plant, M D, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
P Lowengrath. Portlnd E X Bailey. L Anj
G Guenlco, Argentine Hn Bailey. L Ang
\ M Whlpple. Chgo O M Plnney, L Ang
C G Huse. Chgo E H Lyons. N V
M Frledlander, Chgo J Campano, Madrid
J J Palmer. Canada G W Avery. lowa
Mrs Tiilmer, Canada Mrs Avery, lowa
w B McPhaJl. Boston Miss L Carr. Cal
J E Rehiiers. Berlin jHonora Patton. Pa
F Fnusselman. Colmbo W F Patton. Pa
Mr Norrmever, Eng J W Minturn, Mlnturn
H Levy, NY E W Edward, N V
G S Littlejohn, NSW Mrs Edward. N V
Miss S E Gould. Chgo ! J A Chanslor. L Ang
H M Whaler. L Ang C C Hollinsh^ad. N V
C >H Platter. Texas F D Newberry, Pa
NKW WESTERN HOTEL.
R E Cadegan. Chgo P J Murtha. St Louis
A M Arnold. lowa L G Wilson. Seattle
I N' iris, Cal G R I'tterbach. Or
F J Foley, Crockett C H Kobers. Toronto
J Mulroy, Ingleside H Hapkin. Portland
J Seward. Stockton C Fenberg, Maine
A Hanifin & w, Merced Mrs Hill. Healdsburg
J C Rand. Chgo , OF Lee &W, N V
J Campbell. Merced J Mitchell. London
W N Willson. Or Helena A Mitchell, Eng
WEATHER REPORT.
O2<Hh Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 11. 5 p. m.
The following are the maximum temperatures
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 64 San Diego 62
•Fresno XO6 Sacramento 88
Los Angeles 72 Independence i»4
Red Bluff 9S Yuma 10S
San Luis Obispo 74
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 49; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy over Wash
ington And Western Oregon and in Northern
Utah. Light rain has fallen in Washington
and Northwestern Oregon.
The pressure has risen over the northern por
tion of the Pacific Slope and fallen rapidly
over the southern.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Oregon and Idaho and remained nearly sta
tionary west of the Rocky Mountains.
High northwesterly winds are reported from
many stations in California and Northern Ne
vada.
Conditions are favorable for fair -weather
with brisk to high northwest winds in Cali
fornia.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight June 12:
Northern California— Fair Monday; cooler in
the interior: brisk northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; brisk wes
terly wind
Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday; prohat.ly
with showers in the mountains of north por
tion; cooler.
Utah- Showers: cooler Monday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy, with showers in the
north portion; fair in south portion Monday;
cooler in north portion Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
brisk to high westerly wind in the afternoon.
Q. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Const and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Frar.cleco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
•he height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. JUNE. 12.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence a? to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
laet tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
riven are additions to the soundings on the
T T nlted Ptates Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slen ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number elven Is subtracted from
the depth elven by the charts. The plane of
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. .Tune 11.
Stmr Scotia, Lundqulst, IS hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Whiteshoro, Johnson, IS hours from
Wbitesboro.
Ptmr Aloha, Jorirenson, 12 hours from Point
Arena.
Ptmr Cleone. HiKglns, 16 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. IS hours from Eureka.
Ptmr Procreso. Monroe. 4 days from Seattle.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld, 34 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. 14 hours from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. 7$ hours from New
port (S).
Stmr George Loomls, Brldgett, 33 hours from
, Ventura. •..'■*'
Stmr Umattlla. Cousins. 60 hours from Vic
toria and Puzet Sound portp.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall. 53 hours from
Coos Bay .
Rr ship Hv 'prhad. Scott, 107 days from New
castle, NSW.
Rktn Eureka. Pchou, 5 days from Eureka.
Shin Louis Walsh, Gammons, 8 flays from
Tacoma.
Schr Coquille, Pearson, 4 days from Coquille
River. -'''■?-
Pchr Parkersburg-. Jorgenson, 6 days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Guide, Olsen, 5 days from Grays Har
bor.
Schr Albion. Goodmansen. 4 days from Nehs
lem River.
Bchr Sacramento. Oruggle, 5 days from Til
lamook.
Schr Confianza, Christiansen. 4 days from
Tlilamook.
Schr Occidental. Brandt. 4 days from Eureka.
Bchr Laura Pike, Johnson, 4 days from Eu
reka.
Sohr Sparrow. Dart, 4 days from Eureka.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Hansen, — — days from
Coquille River.
Schr Reliance, Nordllng, from .
Schr Render Brothers, Wetsel, 3 days from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 76 hours from
Boweni Landing.
Schr J Epplnger, Colstrup. 24 hours from Tim
ber Cove. *
Schr Halcyon, Mellin. 4 days from Eureka.
SAILED.
Sunday. June 11.
Stmr Signal, Bendogard. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego.
Bktn Retriever. Sloan. Port Hadloek.
Schr Lily L. Hammer. Bristol Bay.
Schr Mary E Rues, Wikender. Wtllapa Har
bor.
Schr Defender. Hellqulst, Port Rlakeley.
Schr Oceania Vance, Murchison. Eureka.
RETURNED.
Schr Mary E Rubs. Wikender. hence to-day
for Willapa Harbor, returned on account of
carrying away foresail on the bar.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 11. in p m — Weather
hazy; wind N\V; velocity 30 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The schr Sparrow, which arrived to-day from
Eureka and went up river direct, drifted ashore
on Bluff Point, near California City. The stmr
Caroline is there, but vessel will probably float
next tide without much damage.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 11— Stmrs Noyo
and Sequoia, for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Arrived June Pchr Mary O.
hence June 8.
Sailed June 11— Schr Mary O. for San Ftan-
CiFCO.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed June 11— Ptmr Alca
traz. for .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 11-Stmr Sunol.
for San Francisco. ■- = :
PORT ANGELES— In bay June 10— Br bark
Natuna, from Port Los Angeles; U S stmr
lowa hence June 7. for Port Orchard.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 11— Stmr
Cottage City, from Dyea. for Seattle.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 11— Ger stmr Tai Fu.
hence June 8.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived June Jap warship
Hlyei. hence June 8; D S stmr Gedney.
TACOMA— Arrived June 11— Stmr Cottage
City, from Alaska; schr Lena Sweasey, hence
May :3.
Sailed June 11— Bark Gatherer, for San Fran
cisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BREMEN— June 11— Stmr Friederlch
der Grosse, from New York, via Southampton.
MOVILLE — Sailed June 11— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 11— Etmr Um
bria. from Liverpool, for New York.
. HAVRE— Sailed June 11— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed June 11 — Stmr
Koenigen Lulpe, from Bremen, for New York.
■_■ ♦ ■
A ton of sea water is supposed to con
tain about fourteen grains of goH.
AUCTION SALES.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
.£±s £?& £ifc
AT EMPORIUM STOCK YARDS,
220 VALENCIA STREET,
On THURSDAY. June 15, at 11 a. m.,
We will sell by order of Piercy Bros. 50 head
of good young broke horses, suitable for all
purposes. Horses at yards now and can be seen
in harness from now until day of sale: no limit
or reserve. SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office 827 Sixth st. '
PLANING MILL MACHINERY
FOR SALE AT AUCTION ON THE PREMISES
THURSDAY, June 29. at 10 O'clock A. M..
One steam engine, 16x42, recent make. Union
Iron Works, with pumps, valves, heater, steam
and feed pipes. One Band re-Saw. 5 feet
wheels. 6-inch blade, will saw 36-inch stuff 8
Inches on one side of the blade and 10 inches
on the other. One Gray & Wood planer. Will
plane 24 by 24 inches and will raise to 30
inches. One 30-inch and one 24-Inch surfacers.
and one 8-lnch buzz planer. Five stickers or
molding machines with knives and tools. On»
heavy swing cut-off saw. Two strong rip saws
with counter shafts and belting. One stays
crozer and one tank bottom champering ma-
chine. Two boring machines, three punches.
One wood turning shop complete, four lathes,
cut-off and rip saws, band and Ilg saws, shaper.
shafting, belting, tools, etc. One bolt-cutting
machine with full sets of right and left hand
taps and dies. One Rlacksmlth shop outfit.
Large amount' of shafting and belting. Larga
stock of molclincs. etc.
WELLS. RUSSET ,v CO.. Mechanics' Mills.
Cor. M'nolnn and Fremont Ft?.. S. F.
OCEAN THAI EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j^. Steamers leave Broadway
I ifSjtew.. wharf, San Francisco:
fnSfe. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
I wfPfTjßjfM June 6. 10. 15, 20. 25. SO; July 3.
i Kmß^ change at Seattle.
> Bliwsa^jA'l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I fiß&W£fsl%l c -)' Port Townsend. Seattle.
•^^"SbP&sHJ Tacoma. Everett. Anacorte«
ft nd New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. June 5. 10. 15, 20. 25.
80: July 6, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Ra-\ 2 p. m., June
3. 8, IS. 18. 28. 28; July 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Oaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Ang»le») and
■ Newport, 9 a. m., June 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21, 25. »;
July 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblsoo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redonrto (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. June 3. 7. 11. IS. 19, 23. 27; July 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th or each
month.
For further Information "Main folder^
The company reserves the right to Changs
| without previous notice steamers, palling dates
an* bmir« of online
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKTNfJ * CO.. Oen. Agta..
10 Market st San Francisco.
THE n. R. ft N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First c:ia«< Including Berth*
inflL $8 Second Ola** and MeaN.
Columbia sails June 12. 22; July 2. 12. 21
State of California sails June 7, 17, 27; July
7 17, 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northv eat.
Through tickets to all points Eeast.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market street.
! GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
i
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARII.
Stopping at Cherbourg, weFtbound.
From New York Eve-" Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul June ll^t. Paul June 28
St Louis June 1-! Ist. Louis July 5
I New York June 21 |New York July 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Ever-' Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland June 7 f Westernland ...June
Frlesland June 14 ! Kensington July 5
■ Southwark June 21 Noordland July 12
EMPIRE LINE.
6e»ttt». St- Michael. Dawsoi CHw.
For full information regarding freight b.nd pas-
sage apply to
i INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
: 30 Montgomery St.. it any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brar.nan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo I *. Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MART* Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARK Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MART* Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market Et.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LIINE
United States Mnil Steamshins
Sail from New York Every Saturday for*
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage. $50 and upward.
' C; " Second Cabin
City of Rome. 5?3."». Other Steamers, $30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. 926.50. Furne=sia. $24.50. Other
Stra.. $23.30.
For Book of Tours and information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green. New York.
Or J. F. FUGA7.I. 5 Montgomery St.,
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery st
SAN FRANCISCO.
| ' " " "" ~~ "
©HfBHAMfIMI Wednesday, June 14,
JttQrlSiL vla Honolulu and
:*t** B "" Mu-kland for Sydney
y Wednesday. June 14,
f>,^^^\'^\ at 10 p. m.
SjWnVsnine) a The S. S. Australia
G)IUJilDI!lU c/ ptiU <, for Honolulu
K^ (ofipWh ™£* June 30 - at a
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 14 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. '.&».
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <3fSO>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of •=*=*"*****
Morton st. LA RRF.TAGNE. June 17; LA
TOURAINE. June 24; LA GASCOGNE, July 1;
LA NORMANDIE. July S; LA CHAMPAGNE.
July 15. First-class to Havre. $65 and upward.
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-clasa
to Havre 545: 10 per cent reduction on round,
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green,
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery ay».. San Francisco.
BOLLAND4MERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM, VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(S300). STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin. {60
upward; Second Cabin. $37. „„_,„
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM. SPAAIINDAM,
etc., $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS COOK & SON, Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents. 621 Market Street. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN.
Will leave Washington street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SO5.
FOB U. S< NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJOL
Steamer "Monticello."
ICON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
i p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock,'
I Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE 500
•^lk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
m^fcntim. 625 liEARXV ST. Established
fat*! 3r*T*as in I* s * * or the treatment of Private
|SJK *>,¥? Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
BMhCbxßßi disease wouring on bodyund mi nd and
vZstßWmt%3 Skin Diseases. The docior cures when
iU^SSa^ra others fall. Try him. Charges low!
->JWl£3s t'ure«guar»nty<>d. Call orwrita.
air. J. F. wfBBOH. Box l»s7. San Franciaca
78
STILL THERE'S
A CHANCE FOR
COMPROMISE
Minority Will Meet
To-Day.
MAY REACH AN AGREEMENT
SUPERVISORS WILL HOLD A SES
SION ANYWAY.
They Will Not Act Finally on the
Franchises and They Will Pass
on City Gas Bills
Only.
There will be one more chance for the
c; ( s companies and the Mayor and the
minority of the Board of Supervisors
to come to an agreement. The tin 1 ..'
for th>- meeting "f the board is '.his
afternoon, but before it meets, prob
ably this morning, the minority and the
Mayor will hold another conference,
similar to the one < : Friday, and it may
be thai the vexing question >f gas will
be settled then. In cafe it be settled
Mayor will call the meeting of ci:o
moon .and the Supervisors can,
without taint of possible illegality, get
down to their neglected business.
At Friday's meeting, although the
Mayor ami the representatives of the
gas company parted friendly enemies,
still they had been very near an
agreement on rates, and a little give
• or either side this morning may
bring about the much wished for com
promise, for the companies need the
money and there is n*' doubt but :he
the Supervisors are taking in let
business go to the dogs may lead
1.0 Berious harm. At the meeting Fri
day there was represented only she Pa-
Gas Improvement Company, but
the minority has been given to under
stand that if the Pacific people come
•..i an arrangement at all satisfactory.
the San Francisco Company will join
with it so as to avoid further trouble.
It is the companies' money against i>\ -
< ity's business, and both sides are
anxious for some solution of the
problem.
Th<. ultimatum of the majority was
that the city bills in the hands of the
Pacific company and the rates it
charged consumers should be consider
ed together, and then, later, that no
proposition from a single company
would he heard. The companies are
still urging that th-- consumers' rates
are the BUbjeci of a suit in court, and
should be left for the court's decision,
'hat it will be urged again to-day
if the companies are represented be
fore this morning's meeting of the
minority. Should no decision be reach
ed the Mayor still declares he will not
call a meeting.
There will be a meeting of the ma
jority this afternoon, held under the
resolution passed on January 3 of this
year, the resolution setting each Mon
day as the time for the regular meet-
Ings of the board. The full majority
will be there, and if the Mayor does
not call the meeting there will be three
"T four of the minority present despite
that fact. They will' take a hand in
su<h business as can be transacted
without interfering with the positions
they have assumed en the franchises
and the gas. rates.
As to the franchises, the members of
th»' majority repeat the statement that
there will be no final action taken, even
if the whole board meets. The fran
■ hises will be brought up, and any one
who wishes to talk will be heard, either
in protest or in support, and then they
will positively be referred back to the
Street Committee, there to await the
pleasure of the board.
Should there be no agreement at the
meeting of the minority and the gas j
people the majority will take action on !
the bills owed by the city, but con- j
sumerp' rates will not be considered.
These will be left to the courts or to
BOrne future action of the board.
ELOQUENCE AND SPECIAL
MUSIC AT ST. MARY'S
Special music was a feature at the 11
o'clock Mass at St. Marys (Paultsts) yes
terday morning. Dennis O'Sulllvan sang.
During the Mass Father Wyman
preached from the v- x t: "From whence
can any one till them with bread," St.
Mark. viii:4. In part he said:
Men are nowadays looking to the religion of
Christ and asking a question like this one
■which the disciples put to our Lord in the wil
derness. At the close of this nineteenth cen
tury we behold a religious wilderness, in the
midst at a world filled with eater and ambi
tious men. An area of civilization now extends
to every ocean, but perhaps since the establish
ment of Christianity among the nations there
has not been a greater stiirltua.l destitution
than we find in some regions to-day. Men are
all around us hungering and thirsting after
truth and happiness and know not where to
'obtain it. The rellelous denominations in
which they were reared are breaking up and
they find themselves In a wilderness of doubt
and unbelief. Convictions that a few genera
tions ago swayed Whole nations and peoples
are now found wanting, have to be altered or
abandoned, and In this disruption and confu
sion of creeds the world Is strewed with reli
gious wrecks and no relief seems to them to
be at hand.
But there is a remedy for these poor souls
as there was for the starving multitude In th-»
wilderness, in the religion founded by Him
•who filled the hungry multitude in the wilder
ness. There is. I say, a faith which defies
the closest historical scrutiny; a faith of which
we to-day can Fay as St. Irenaeus of the sec
ond century said to the doubters of his day
"Where the church Is. he tells us, the spirit
of Ood Is, and where the spirit of God If the.
church is also." He refers his opponents to
the doctrine and discipline of the apostles with
as much knowledge and certainty as a Con
gressman of to-day would refer to the princi
ples of Washington or Jefferson.
In view of this testimony and other evidence
equally strong. Professor Fisher of Yale Uni
versity, one of the greatest historians of to-day,
says, "In the middle of the second century
membership in the , one visible Catholic church
»-a.« considered essential to salvation."
Had Christ not satisfied the religious yearn
ings of his hearers his church would never have
risen up In a pagan world and have supple
mented worldiness and Idolatry. In past ages
people have found their fill of spiritual food
and those who are still faithful to the same
doctrines are satisfied.
I do not believe that the Lord who had such
compassion on men suffering from bodily hun
ger does not have the pity to-day upon those
•whose souls are starved for this good shep
herd coes out to find the one sheen who is
lost. May we not believe that in His mercy
he will lead every sincere soul desiring divine
shelter into the one true fold.
GOAT ISLAND
IN A BLAZE
Brush and Grass Burn for Several
Hours.
0 fT^HE annual brush fire on Goat Island burst forth in all its lurid splendor O.
shortly before dusk last night. The fire started on the ."outierrv end of
the island near the torpedo station and worked its way toward the JT
O A north shore. Aside from the scorching of telephone and telegraph poles
# no damage was done. The lighthouse tender McDonough, assisted by the 0
rt pumping works on the island, poured Rtr<ams of water on all the buildings
Z. Bimply as a safeguard against sparks from the burning brush. £
Viewed from passing ferry-boats the fire had a particularly spectacular ef- W
'■& feet and nearly all the passengers crowded to the island side of the steamer £
n to feast their eyes on the sight.
SOME OF THE
PARTICIPANTS.
O ©
~ 'FHK one hundred and twenty-fourth anniversary of the battle of q
w I Bunker Hill will be jointly celebrated by the Bunker Hilt Association.
Q I the Sons of the American Revolution and the Society of California Pio- ©
O ncers. Extensive preparations are being made by these three societies O
q to eclipse all previous celebrations. The place chosen is Sunset Tark, in the Q
_ Santa Cruz Mountains. On Saturday. June 17, special trair.s will connect q
W with the boats leaving the foot of Market street at 7:4"» and S:4."> a. m. A
© full band of music will accompany each train. Returning, the trains will w
O leave Sunset Park at sp. m. ©
q Hon. Frank McGowan will be the orator of the day and Charles S. Q
_. Green poet. Joaquin Miller has returned from the East to be present at q
° this celebration. Mayor Phelan has promised to see that "Old Glory" is
O flung to the breeze from every building belonging to the city. The children ©
O from the public schools will take part in the patriotic exercises. All citi- O
q zens will be asked to display the stars and stripes, and the flag will float q
_ on every ship in the harbor. q
° President of the Day William G. Badger has received the following copy **
O of a communication which was sent by the War Department to Major Gen- ©
O era! Shafter, who has announced his intention to have salutes fired on Sat- Q
q urday next: Q
"Commanding General. Department of California, San Francisco: A re- Q
° quest has heen received from William G. Badger, president of the executive ~
O committee. Bunker Hill Association, representing the Bunker Hill Association, O
O Sons of the American Revolution and Society of California Pioneers, that a ©
q salute be nred from all the forts in the harbor of San Francisco on Saturday, Q
rt the 17th of June next, at sunrise and noon, in honor of the patriots who fell q
© In the action at Bunker Hill, Massachusetts, on the 17th of June, 177."i. _^
O "The Hon. Mr. Badger has been informed that it is not considered ad- w
Q visable to use charges in modern guns for the purpose indicated, but that if O
pv the old armament of the forts can be utilized, no objection exists to the O
granting of the request of the several patriotic associations at San Francisco, q
© "The major general commanding, therefore, desires me in communicating
O the foregoing information, to request that, within the lines above indicated. °
Q you give the necessary Instructions with a view to meeting the desires of O
n these gentlemen. Very respectfully, W. H. CARTER, O
v "Assistant Adjutant General." q
FILTHY "TURTLE."
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
I WOULDN'T take Little Egypt to
see "The Turtle," the filthy Fi*ench
farce that was exposed In the Cali
fornia Theater last night. It is the
most obscene, brutal spectacle that
I have ever witnessed in a licensed
theater, and any woman who intends
sitting it out would better paint her
features a hot, red blush.
There art. some shows of a risky na
ture that call for nothing stronger than
a frivolous rebuke in the columns jf the
press. Sometimes these shows make
very good reading in the next day's
newspapers. They are suggestive, but
clever, and often warrant their free
advertisements and prosperity. But
"The Turtle" is of another class, of a
class of its own, so far as my experi
ence goes, and needs the attention of
the Police and Health departments.
Vulgar does not describe it. You
simply cannot describe it and be fit to
print. It is one orgy of nightgowns,
pajamas and beds and physical and
verbal nastiness.
The principal woman of the company
is instructed by the author and hired
by the management to all but unskin
herself in sight of the audience. The
details of this disrobing act. that are
not presented to you point blank are re
vealed by a carefully arranged system
of mirrors. Then the lady flops into
the nuptial couch, which is in full view,
and the farce goes on.
The most of the lines, situations and
gesticular insinuations are beyond
credence in a civilized community. In
both writing and acting "The Turtle"
is a deliberate appeal to drunken men
and bawdry women, apd its stench will
linger long In the California Theater.
LAMBARDIS RENDER "AIDA" AT
THE ALHAMBRA.
The Lambardi Italian Opera Company
moved into the Alhambra la*t night and
gave a performance of "Alda" that, all
things considered, was creditable. Ave
dano distinguished himself in the role of
Radames. Salassa presented a vigorous
Amonasro and the other parts were in
competent hands. "Lucia." one of the
bent productions In the repertory, Is an
nounced for to-night with the wonderful
Refetto in the title part.
The O'Connor & Moffatt's Won.
The baseball team representing the firm
of O'Connor, Moffatt & Co. defeated the
Heesemans of Oakland in a well contest-
THE SAX FRAIJCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JUNE 12. 1899.
BUNKER HILL DAY :
WILL BE
DULY CELEBRATED
Ed game of baseball at the Sixteenth and
Folsom streets grounds yesterday. Each
team was in the lead at different stages of
the game, the score being 6 to 4 in favor
of the O'Connor-Moffatts at the beginning
of the sixth inning. The Heeseman.s,
however, managed to bring in four runs
by the eighth inning. The Heesemans
kept the lead until the ninth inning, when
the O'Connor-Moffatts began trotting
around the bases with seemingly no op
position, making the score 14 to 12 at the
close of the game.
CALIFORNIA ELEVEN WINS.
Alameda Cricketers Sustain Defeat
on Their Ground for the Sec
ond Time This Season.
The California cricket eleven added a
third to its unbroken list of victories yes
terday, defeating the Alameda team by
31 runs. The latter, three men short, went
to the wickets first and w»re all out fur
|71 runs. B. Bird 27, J. J. Moriarty 17 and
| V. Seeheck 14. not out, being the only
batsmen who obtained double figures.
Dickenson and Sloman bowled through
out the innings, the former taking four
wickets and the latter three. California
ran up 102 runs, to which the chief con
tribution was A. Dlckenson's 44. Alameda
then went in for the second time, and
when five men were out for 67 closed their
innings. The California^ then went to the
I bat and three wickets had fallen for 20
I runs when time was called. The match
was accordingly decided in the first in
nings. The full score is given herewith:
Alameda Cricket Club, first innlnes:
Q. Hellman c. Dlckenson. b. Sloman n
I J. H. Saunders b. Dickenson 4
J. J. Moriarty c Farrall. b. Sloman 17
F. ("roll, absent
O. J. liaugh b. Sloman 3
B. Hlrd c. and b. Dickenson 27
V. Sfebeck not out ]4
F. Stahl H. Dickenson 3
W. G. Fortman b. Dickenson 0
P. C. Drlfiekl. absent
A. Price, absent
Uyes 2, wide 1 3
Total 71
Runs at the fall of each wicket— l for 2. 2 for
8, 3 for 15, 4 for 49, 5 for 60, 6 for 71, 7 for 71-
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. M. R. W. Avge.
Dickenson SR S 36 4 9
Sloman fifi 3 32 3 10 2-3
California Cricket Club, first innings:
E. O. Sloman b. Bird n
A. Dickenson c. Stahl b. Moriarty 44
F. M. Gunn c. sub. b. Moriarty 12
A. Schroeder c. Hellman b. Moriarty 0
A. D. Reynolds c. Stahl b. Saunders 15
W. IU«?i1 c. Moriarty h. Saunders U
W. R. Hammond b. Bird 0
J. D. Robertson c. Moriarty b. Bird 2
G. C. Farrell b. Bird 2
A. Willis, not out 0
! A. K. Altken. did not bat
. Byes 2. leg byes 2 4
Total for nine wickets 102
Runs at the fall of each wicket — 1 for 19, 2
for 68, 3 for 63, 4 for M, 3 for 86, 6 for 86, 7 for
92, 8 for 102, !> for 102
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. M. R. W. Avge.
Saunders 6« 3 33 2 16H
Bird 72 2 27 4 6* 4
Seebeck 18 1 17
Moriarty '26 0 10 3 3 1-3
Baugh 12 0 11 o
Alameda Cricket Club, second innings:
V. Seebeck b. Dickenson
B. Bird c. Willis b. Dickenson 27
J. H. Saunders c. and b. Sloman 2
J. J. Moriarty, not out 13
G. J. Baugh 1. b. w.. b. Dlckenson 5
W. <J. Fortman c. Hammond b. Reynolds 8
G. Hellman, not out
Byes, •»; no ball, 1 : f,
Total for five wickets 67
Runs at the fall of each wicket— l for 8, 2
for 20, 3 for 45, 4 for 52. o for 67.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. M. R. W. Avge.
Dickenson 72 3 28 3 9 1-3
Sloman 36 0 14 1 14
Reynolds 32 0 20 1 20
bowled 1 no ball.
'California Cricket Club, second innings:
E. G. Slomnn b. Bird l
A. Willis b. Saunders 2
G. C. Farrall c. Bird b. Saunders l
A. Dickenson, not out ]5
AVide i
Total for three wickets ......,..*)
Runs at fall of each wicket— l for S, J for I
3 for 20.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. M. R. W. Avge
I Saunders 16 0 14 2 7
Bird 12 0 5 1 5
Bird bowled 1 wide.
At the close of the game a meeting of
the California Cricket Club was held, at
which F. M. Gunn was elected secretary
and E. G. Sloman delegate to the Cali
fornia Cricket Association.
COURSING WILL
NOT BE RESUMED
AT INGLESIDE
Anti - Betting Order
Will Stand.
SUPERVISORS REMAIN FIRM
WORK ON A NEW PARK WILL
BEGIN AT ONCE.
Capitalists Have Selected a Site for
It Just Across the Line
in San Mate 3
County.
There will be no more coursing at Tn
gleside Park, but work on a new park,
on the line separating San Mateo and
San Francisco counties, will begin within
a fortnight.
A majority of the Supervisors were in
terviewed yesterday as to their attitude
regarding the resumption of coursing at
Ingleside. They all declared they WOUld
not vote to rescind the ordinance passed
by them and which places the sport un- j
der the ban. They will not permit bet- '
ting, and without that adjunct the cours- .
ing of the dogs would bu conducted, If at
all, at a great pecuniary loss.
A number of capitalists, not heretofore
Identified with the sport on this coast.
will commence work on a new park with
in the next fortnight. The site selected |
Is bounded on the north by the county
line, on the west by the railroad, and on
the east by the old Mission or county
road. It is just opposite the pumping sta
tion of the Spring Valley Water
Works, mar Lake Merced. The field is
a large one, giving full scope for the
hares and hounds. George Ehmann, who
promoted coursing at Dlxon, is at the
head of the syndicate having the project
in view.
"There is room for two parks," he said
last night, "and there should be no con- j
I tlict of interests. The capitalists with
; whom I am associated ar.' ready to begin
I operations at once. We are only awaiting ,
j the decision of the Supervisors in the |
' Ingleside matter before putting our mon- ;
ey in the venture. if the Supervisors
: agree to let the gates of [ngleside Park
bf reopened we will take no further steps
•; In the premises. We know three parks
could not exist.
"We will wait until after the Supervis
; ors meet on the 19th inst. If they have
i not rescinded the anti-betting ordinance
! by that time we will prepare to open our ,
. park. It will be easily accessible, and, ;
i with the number of greyhounds available
for coursing, we have no fear of a lack
' of patronage."
DOLPHIN SCULLERS
DEFEAT THE OLYMPICS
WIN SENIORAND JUNIOR BARGE
RACES AT BELVEDERE.
An Excellent Programme of Aquatic
Sports Presented by the Oars
men at Their Clubhouse.
The Dolphin and Olympia boat clubs
carried out their programme of aquatic
sports yesterday at Belvedere most suc
cessfully. Though a strong breeze in the
channel raised the whltecaps and caused
the ferry-boats to list nearly five points
to £he leeward side, the waters of Tibu
ron Cove were only gently rippled.
Launches and rowboats filled with jolly
parties moved to and fro over the gleam
ing water, and the float and balcony of
the Olympic boathouse were crowded with
well-known oarsmen and their friends.
The programme began soon after noon,
and was carried out without hitch or de
lay. In the junior outrigger skiff mo
tor medals presented by A. \V. Pape and
A. P. Rothkopf there were six entries, but
of these two, J. Hobson and George James
were scratched, leaving four contestants,
who rowed in two heats. Jn the first heat
Victor Caglierl of the Dolphins defeated
H. Cobb of the Olympics, the latter cap
sizing on the way back. In the second
heat George Baker of the Dolphins de
feated Lester Eiammersmith of the same
club, though the latter steered a better
course up to the turn.
The Indian canoe race between Lester
Hammersmith and L. Werz did not
amount to much as a race, though Werz
created a good deal of merriment by the
manner In which he wobbled about In
his cranky craft.
The junior barge race brought out two
Olympic (.tows, and one from the Dol
phins. Th.- Olympic crew, consisting of
J. F. Cunningham, bow; C. Dayis, No. -;
L. Werz, No. ;;; utis Crable, stroke, and
"Doc" l'lynn, cockswain, came in two
lengths ahead of the Dolphins, but it
turned out that, finding themselves hope
lessly beaten, they had not rounded the
siake, but had turned about and started
back before reaching it. This gave tirst
place to the Dolphin crew, made up of W.
Bush, bow; J. Sullivan. NO. 2; T. Baxter,
No. 3; A. H. I'ape, stroke, and E. Bart
man, cockswain, and second place was
taken by 1 1 1 * • Olympic crew, composed of
J. Eiobson, bow; M. Oobb. No. 2; A. Till,
No. 3; H. Herbert, stroke, and P. Kane,
cockswain. In the outrigger skiff race
A. W. I'ape, Pacific Coast champion, gave
"Doc" Fiynn thirty seconds over the
course, and beat him easily. A swimming
race between George Hlnkel and J. J.
Phillips, both of the Olympic Club, re
sulted in a victory for the former, the
distance being about one hundred yards.
The final heat of the outrigger skiff race
for novices of the Ariel Rowing Club was
won easily by Charles Wilson, who early
established a lead over E. Lynch and kept
it to tlie end.
The most interesting and exciting event
of the day was the senior barge race be
tween the Dolphin crew— composed of
Victor Caglieri, bow; George Baker, No.
2; W. O. Patch. No. 3; A. W. Pape,
stroke, and E. Bartman, cockswain— and
the Olympic crew, with George James,
bow; P. Sturdlvant. No. 2; W. Cartwright,
No. 3; H. M. Collins, stroke, and P. Kane,
cockswain. The Dolphins rowed neatly
and had more swing than the Olympics,
but the latter, though rough, were strong
and heavy, averaging about 180 rounds per
man. At the turn the Olympics haci a
slight lead, but a keenly contested race
ended In a victory for the Dolphins by
half a length. Near the finish the boats
were so close together that Patch's oar
was broken by collision witn the Olympic
barge, but this did not affect the outcome.
The last event was a tug-of-warin white
halls between Olympic and Dolphin crews.
A. M. Stone and J. Hobson of the Olym
pics, with L. Bullion as anchorman, pulled
A. W. Pape and W. O. Patch of the Dol
phins, with W. Kennedy as anchorman,
across the line and won.
The officials of the day were: A. P.
Rothkopf, starter; J. A. Hammersmith,
referee; Joseph O'Connor, clerk of the
course; John Elliott, timer; W. J. Ken
nedy, A. M. Stone and A. Schuppert,
judges.
Among the well-known oarsmen whose
names did not appear on the programme
may be mentioned Leiinder Stevenson,
William McCausland and S. J. Pembroke.
The two last had an impromptu race
round the course in outrigger skiffs, S. J.
Pembroke proving the faster.
The final heat in the outrigger skiff race
between Victor Caglieri and George Baker
of the Dolphins was not rowed, as Cag
lieri had a hard pull in the senior barge
event. It will be decided over the Dol
phin Club course at an early date. As a
result of yesterday's races the Olympic
Club men will enter a Junior barge crew
at El Campo on June 25. The crew from
the University of California will row in
the Pioneer barge.
Sought Adventures.
The engineer division of the Naval Mili
tia took out a whaleboat yesterday and
sought adventures in the bay off Mission
Rock. Fireman Donellan was cockswain,
and A. G. Qulnlan was in charge of some
of the first division men who went along
as reserves. Off the rock they saw a
•Whitehall, manned by two men, capsize.
They made for It, but two Southenders
arrived first and took the men aboard
their boat. They found they could not
mwke much headway, however, with the
extra load, so the whaleboat took the
Southenders 1 boat and the capsized white
hall In tow and landed them all at Long
Wharf. On the way home the whaleboat
fell In with a scow schooner merrily drag
ging her anchor toward Mission Rock.
There was no one on board, so the boat's
crew boarded her and sailed her back to
her anchorage, where they turned her
over to her own crew— two men who had
j gone on shore for a Sunday drink.
Three Young Burglars.
Joe Muser, Frank Rode] and Toney Goger,
three lads ranging from 10 to 13 years of
age, were arrested last night by Officers
Keyea and Sylvester and booked at the
City Prison on charges of burglary. It is
alleged that the young culprits broke Into
a cigar store at 242 Kllis street and made
oft with a quantity of cigars and tobacco.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:3u o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tm-ky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16. .j.
K. T., Golden Gate Building, 62." Sutter W
street— Special assembly THIS EVEN- |E]h
ING at 8 o'clock; the order of the Red «*
Cross will be conferred. All fraters are V
courteously Invited.
J. C CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
\\ M. T. FONDA, Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and ■
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. _»%_
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. Master TCI
Masons cordially invited. By order of I '
the W. M.
I - WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— ■
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) -J%-
EVENING ;it 730 o'clock Second de- jLJT
gree. > / V >
H. C. BUNKER, Secretary pr« tern.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. m
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1833 Fill- _J\_
more st.— First degree THIS 'MoN-'Jtjf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Bl«V A
order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. <g&U<i(&>
O. F. — Business of Importance -^fig:' sS-
THIS EVENING, Change In by-
laws to be considered. ///«»•
A. G. CLARK. U. G.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external. internal or protruding
pile? without fail, no matter of how long i
standing. 162S Devisadero St., near Sutter.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, IS9S: I
Henrietta Barraco, aged 9 year*; Anna Bar-
raco. 8; Gertrude Barns. 11; Anna Barns, 9; I
Lillian Horgan, 9; Maud Edsberg, 9; Irene j
Edsberg. 7; Kath. Sullivan. 6; Mary Oliver.
10.
ROOMS papered from *3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; teL 6520.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel, Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
first-class chambermaid, nurse and seam-
stress desires a situation In a private family;
best of city reference. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situa-
tion; good reference; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS hotel or boarding-house cook
desires situation; best ref.; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German second girl desires sit-
uation; best ref.; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NORWEGIAN Eastern houseglrl, good cook,
three years' reference last place. Seen at
C. R. HANSEN, 104 Geary ft.
GERMAN girl, good cook and general house-
work, excellent references last place. See at
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT German lady wishes position by
the day cleaning house or doing other house-
work. " Call or address MRS. M. R., 257
•Stevenson st.
COMPETENT, steady woman will do house-
work or downstairs work; Is a good cook and
laundress; good breadmaker; fond of chil-
dren. Please call 79 Jessie st.
NEAT SWEDISH woman wishes to do general
housework in a small family; good cook;
good references; $20 per month. 1328 Mission
St., near Tenth.
COMPETENT girl wants a situation; a good
cook; city or country; moderate wages. 206
Fifth st.,' near Howard.
RESPECTABLE girl wants place to do house-
work In private family; best references. 1515
Pine St., near Polk.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. 1004 Market st.
GIRL of 17 to assist In light housework. Ap-
ply at 30 Bernlce st.
WANTED Position by a first-class waitress.
Call at 173 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by young woman to do
light housework. Call at 330 Minna st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
to assist in housework; $10 to $15. KISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT colored girl desires situation;
housework; references; city preferred. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation for upstairs
work or assist with light housework. Please
call at 3243, Sacramento St., near Lyon, down-
stairs.
GERMAN lady wishes work by the day, wash-
ing or any kind of work; $1 25 per day. Ad-
dress 132 Clara st.
HOUSEKEEPER— Middle-aged German widow-
wishes position In country. Box 1660. Call.
AMERICAN girl wishes a situation to do up-
stairs work and sewing; also understands
maid's work. Address box 1657, Call office.
FINE chief cook, baker by trade; also line
meat cutter; would prefer a camp where large
crowd of men have to eat. Box 1668, Call.
RELIABLE woman to do general housework;
city or country: reference. Call at 313 Seventh.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do plain cooking and light housework or to
take care of sick person. Address 114 Na-
toma st.
GOOD trustworthy lady wishes position In nice
Jewish family as housekeeper or lady's com-
panion; understands very fine cooking; city or
country. Box 16S1, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER of 15 years' experience desires
a position in city or country at moderate sal-
ary. Box 1682, Call office.
WANTED — By a thoroughly honest and com-
petent woman to take charge of house while
parties are away; city or country; wages no
/ object. Call at 70S Clementina St., near
Eighth, in rear.
NICE Japanese girl wants position of plain
cock and housework. Japanese Christian
Women's Home, 1307 Larkin, San Francisco.
LADY wishes a position as working house-
keeper: city or country. Call 126 Fourth St.,
room 15.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do
light house, chamber or general work in Oak-
land: American family preferred; wages mod-
erate: good home the object. Address 213 San
Pablo aye., Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. > GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
COACHMAN and all-round worker wants em-
ployment; can milk and take care of gar-
den If necessary; references first-class; will
take place In city or country. Box 1517, Call.
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $10 per
week; city or country. Box 1688, Call office.
BY young, sober man to drive delivery wagon;
references given. Address box 1691, Call.
FIRST-CLASS sausage maker; is an all-round
good young man; can slaughter; steady and
reliable: wants work; city or country. Box
W66, Call office.
GARDENER, coachman, general utility man
wishes Hitnatiosi city or coubC^; good refer-
ences. Box 69T, (MB <Sfcc«.
SITUATIONS 'WANTED — Continued.
WANTED— By man and wife, place In the
mines or camp; man as watchman, fireman
or general work; wife is a good cook and
first-class bread and cake baker; best of
references. Address J. A. C, 2032% Lombard
st. San Francisco
POSITION desired by experienced man as
manager, salesman or collector for firm with
branch office in Buffalo or Rochester. N. Y.
Address box M. Perry Center. N. \.
SITUATION city or country, by middle-aged
man: take care private place: can milk ;handy
wlth tools; reference. Address box bVi, tall.
YOUNG man wants position as driver for de-
livery, bakery or laundry wagon; thoroughly
acquainted with the city; can furnish bonds
if desired. Address 621 California st.
GOOD reliable barman and hotel man; speaks
English and German; best of references;
country preferred. Box 1654. _____gg:
rAPA\ESE~~fir«t-class cook wants a position
if a hotel or boarding-house; city or coun-
try. HENRY MATSU. 132S>_Plne__;
FIRST-CLASS Japanese landscape gardener.
just arrived from Japan wants work by day
or contract. Address JX B. HOUSE. ''34 Post.
FIRST-CLASS general blacksmith and h°"e-
shoer; 21 years' experience. Address Me-
chanic, box 126. Call office. Oakland.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
WANTED— Laundress, $30; ironers $10 week
and $35 month, city and country; 2 Swedish
cooks. 2 in family. $25; pantry girl $4 week;
restaurant waitress. $5 week; 10 hotel waitress-
es, $20, country and city; second girl for San
Rafael, $25; Swedish second girl, $20: house-
work, 3 in family, $25: German cook. Ross
Valley. $25; also a number of girls 'or cook-
ing and housework, city and country . $20 and ,
$:: month. J. F. CROSETT. & CO.. 316 Sutter.
AT C R HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant ISS
2 waitresses, same hotel. Woodland, $-0.
1 waitress, 1 pantry girl, same hotel, Marys-
ville, $20; waitress. Hanford, $20.
3 waitresses, same hotel, Stockton, $-0.
Waitress, Santa Cruz. $20.
Waitress, helps hall, springs, $25.
Second cook, institution, $30.
6 fancy Ironers, $35 and 40.
Laundress, country hotel, near city, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOUR waitresses Immediately for same sum-
mer resort. $0. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
wTrrRESS, Bakersfleld. $20, fare paid. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
H' l] SEWORK. Oakdaie. $30 per month; Mo-
desto $25; Ross station, $25; Marysville, $20;
cook private family, $30 per month; second
girl, $25: second girl, Dlxon, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 32." Sutter St.
HEAD cook for institution, $40 per month;
must be first-class cook: with good refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st,
YOUNG girl for second work, must speak
German, wages $20: young girl for Belvedere. |
$20; a number of young girls to assist a board-
ing house cook; 2 good waltressea BUSS
DILLON, 315 Sutter St.. pnnne Main 804,
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 868 How-
ard, bet. Fourth and Fifth, over handball
court.
WANTED— An apprentice girl to work on ;
custom coats; steady work. 40 Ellis St.. r. 1.2. |
WANTED— Young German girl to assist; sleep
home. 546 Valencia, near Seventeenth.
GIRL to assist in housework and take care of
child. $12. 1421 Larkin st.
NEAT girl to help wait at table. Call early,
819 Sacramento st.
WANTED A small girl to mind baby and
Bleep at home; small wages. 215 Eleventh st.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework,
1321 Mason st. ; bakery .
WANTKD -A girl to work in restaurant. Ap-
ply S3O Howard St.
WANTED— GirI, 16 or 17, to assist In house-
work; must come with parent. 714 McAllister.
FINISHER on coats; steady work. 473 Tehama
■ I
GIRL for housework in small family. 1907%
Devisadero st.
OFERATI 'Its with some ex[>erience on steam
power machines will find good work in LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall Factory, o2' 2 Fre-
mont st. Inquire for MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Experienced girls to sew shirts: a
few inexperienced taught: good wages,
steady employment. THE L. ELKUS CO.,
29 and 31 Battery street.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework in small family. Call at 1195
Valencia St.. cor. Twenty-third, between 7
and 7:30 p. m.
OPERATORS and finishers on custom vests;
steady work; pay by the week. BELASCP
& HARRIS CO.. Inc.. 541 Market st.
NEAT girl for housework; must understand
plain cooking; wages $12. Inquire at 104
Devisadero st.
GIRL of 17 to assist in liffht housework. Ap-
ply at 30 Bernlce st. ■
FIRST '"LASS talloresses to work on pants. 803
Montgomery st.. third floor, room 6.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on skirts and
waists. 423 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats; none oth-
ers need apply. S. N. WOOD. 71S Market st.
. — — — ■ I
DRIVING-glove makers and apprentices; steady I
work. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
SHOE fitters, experienced stitchers on army
work. G. M. KUTZ CO.. 103 Mission at
WANTKIK-Girl for light housework and plain
cocking. 544 Haight st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— 7 miners, power drills. $3 5" day, i
part fare advanced, go Monday morning. :
Apply early to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S j
Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2O laborers for mines, $1 75 to $2 40
day: 10 laborers for city, $1 75 day; 5 stout
laborers, $35 and board, no office fees; labor-
ers for railroad and tunnel work. $1 75 to $2 50
day 10 laborers for quarry. $1 25 and board.
J. ~F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED 2 BWampers, $40 and board; 4 drift
gravel miners. $40 and board: 2 blacksmiths. :
$2 B0 day and board and $60; blacksmith's ;
helper on carriage work, $2 day; 2 carpenters.
$2 s<i day; ranch blacksmith for Nevada, fare
advanced, $45 and board, steady job; dairy-
man and wife, $35: 10 farmers, $1 25 day and
$30 month: 5 milkers, $25, $30 and $35; screw |
turner for mill, $70; and many others. J. 1
F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
W ANTED— HoteI cook, country, $50; cook for j
resort, $40; boarding house cook, $30; second
cook, good country hotel, $40: waiter, $10 I
week; cabin boy, $15 and found; dishwashers,
kitchen men and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
c7~R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
Employment Agents.
R lumber pilers, Tul.ire County, $1 25 a day
and found. C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 104
Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Employment Agents.
Camp stable or corral boss for railroad out- j
fit, $40 and found: blacksmith's heli>er, same
place. $2 25 a day; 6 stonemasons, $3 a day; I
6 motor helpers, $2 a day; all for railroad,
and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CQ.'S. Phone Grant 185.
Employment Agents
20 laborers, street railroad work. $2 day.
30 farmers at $1 to $1 25 a day and found.
8 laborers, $1 25 a day and found.
20 cross cutters, fellers and jackscrewers,
$35 to $40 and found.
20 green hands for the woods and lumber
piling. $30 and found.
50 tie makers, free fare.
5 blacksmiths and helpers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
6 stone masons, railroad work. $2 50 a day.
10 heading men, railroad work, $2 50 a day. !
5 farmers, same ranch, $1 25 a day and
board.
C^R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, l>hone Grant 185,
Employment Agents I
Head laundrymen, hotel, country, $60 and I
found.
Second cook, springs. $50.
2 cooks, resorts, $50 and $60.
Pantryman, springs, free fare both ways.
Dishwasher, springs. $20.
Second bread baker, $30.
2 house porters. $25 and $15.
Broilers, $50, $60 and $70.
10 waiters, $25 to $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, Phone Grant 1">"
Railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnelmen
for the coast and valley railroads: free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st__
WANTED— 4 miners for eood steady job; $3
per day. TV. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Driver for delivery wagon in city, references i
required, $35 and found; drill sharpeners, also
blacksmith helper, for same mining company,
$2 per day and steady job
5 milkers, near city $-'•"> and $30
Farmers, near city *2fi and $30
Harvest hands *1 50 per day
Man about private place $20 and found
Cook for boarding house, near city $35
Laborers and teamsters for city. $1 60 per
day, and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st.
W ANTED
Driver for milk route in city; references re-
quired; $35 per month and found. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Porter for first-class saloon in city,
$25 to $30 per month and board
German or Scandinavian sailor to work on
shore, in city, $25 and found. W. D. EWER
6 CO., 610 Clay st.
WAITER, $25; dishwasher. $20; country hotel.
Call HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5818
Leading Employment and Labor Agents*
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
To the gold and silver mines
common laboring men, no experience neces-
sary, from $30 to $60 and found
25 laborers, near city, 10 hours $2 ."0 day
10 laborers, 8 hours $■> day _/
..FOR GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY.. T
20 laborers, no experience required, to go
Monday afternoon ..
....FOR THE SAWMILLS AND W00D5....
FARE PAID V.K-3.K PAID
for 20 common laboring men, no experience...
10 > crosscut sawyers head donkey man
spool tenders sere™ turners
redwood peelers jack/sere
mlllbench hand .$_ 75 day
■• granite cutters slate splitters
blacksmiths for shops and ranches; also
horsr-shoers
HAYMAKERS HARVEST HANDS
» men for the hay fields. $33 and found:
20 harvest hands $33 and $40 and found
<" tarm, orchard and vineyard hands
•V : 126 and $30 and found
cnore hoys for ranches; 10 milkers, $25 and
$30 and found
;,;••• CITY i\'OßK.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
-.. laborers $1 75 day
LI ? m frs stableman
boys to learn trade
laborers to handle lumber '..'. .
10 men to dig small ditches for a large
ranch $26 and {ounJ
; CARPENTERS - CARPENTERS
0 carpenters, near city
e pa »! nte /' clty • • ■'•'•■'■'■'■'■'■'•'•'•' '•'■'■& »
millbench hand $2 75 day
head donkey man "s4o"and lound
n bollPr makpr U to S3 day
™ Xt;K t ; FREE FARE..... 4 . :. : FREE
To all the great R. R. i n c a i
we are daily shipping
stonemasons .... .\\\\\\\\~ammermon
teamsters laborers driliers ...
......ALSO MEN FOR
coast railroad and Monterey County
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKERS COOKS WAITERS
baker for railroad camp $40 and found
second baker, country shop $33 and found
bakers' helpers $_-, and $20
night short-order cook $40 an found
lunchmnn. dishwasher, potwaaher and waiter,
mine boarding-house, $25 and found; boot-
black, laundrymen, hotel cooks, waiters dish- /
washers. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63* X
Clay st. 7
BUTCHERS
For a large company; a butcher who can
slaughter, pickle and pack. $65; ranch butcher
$30 and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
JAPANESE boy. $20 per month, housework
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 MILKERS. $25 per month each and found.
Sonoma County. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
MAN and wife for country; the woman must
be a good cook and housemaid; man must
understand gardening: references. Apply
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— young man to work as porter;
one having worked in bakery before preferred.
Inquire 1033 Market St.. Westerfeld's bakery.
YOUNG couple, man good bedmaker, wife good
cook, to learn nursing: must be strong and
well' recommended. 25 Third st.
WANTED— Young man as third hand on bread;
has to carry out two baskets of bread. 2125
Mason st.
STRONG young boy for furniture store; state
wages per week and references. Box 1513,
Call.
GOOD barbers wanted for city and country.
Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
GOOD steady barber. 605 Mission, st.
SOLICITOR for milk; new proposition. Apply
147 Fifth St.. from 7 to 8 and 12 to 1.
DRIVER for milk wagon; city experience. 147
Fifth st.; 12 to 1 p. m.
BOY for printing office. Apply 519 Filbert st.
WANTED— 2 wiredrawers at once. Emeryville
Judson Manufacturing Co. j
GOOD shoemaker. 4102 Nineteenth st., near
Castro.
PRESSER wanted on custom coats. 239 Fifth
street.
DISHWASHER wanted. 604 Seventh st. ; call
early.
WANTED— waiter; wages $25 and room.
I'* 1 - East st.
SECOND waiter wanted in German Hotel. 560
Howard st. '
GOOD waiter wanted at 134 Third st.
GOOD dishwasher at 29 Fourth st.: call early.
YOUNG man as dishwasher. Star Hotel, 1530
Kentucky st.
WANTED — Elderly man: handy with wood-
workers' tools; light work. Box 1659, Call.
NIGHT waiter for coffee house. 517 Montgom-
ery st. .
WANTED— man as waiter in restaurant.
1410 Polk st.
BARBER shop for sale at a sacrifice. In-
quire 145 Second st.
WANTED— A first-class waiter. 29 Stockton
street:
WANTED — Errand boy; steady work. 641 Vi
Stevenson st.
STENOGRAPHER and correspondent; one
with some mechanical experience preferred.
Address box 1631, Call office.
WANTED — Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist in light work: must have $125 cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week. Western
Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
WATCHMAKING; young men and ladies to *
learn trade. Address box 517. Call office.
AN experienced cutter. I Apply M. KRAKER,
226 Bush st.
WANTED— Boy with experience in butcher
business. Call to-day at 450 Courtland aye.
GOOD woodchoppers for several months' work.
Apply 40 California St., room S.
WANTED — A hustling cement sidewalk solici-
tor; salary and commission. Oakland Con-
crete Co.. ICO2 Broadway, Oakland; 12 to 1.
WANTED— maker. 1110 Market st.
BARBER at 703 Howard st:: good wages.
GOOD '2-chair barber shop for sale, with 5
living rooms; rent $16. 1905 Hyde st.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute sample*
and advertise California Orange Syrup: $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week:
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st. _ _
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired; constant practice: expert instruction;
call or write for catalogue. Moler Barber
College, 635 Clay st.
WILSON House. 775 Mission st., near Fourth-,
100 modern rooms with hot, cold water; free
baths; electric lights; elevator; 2jc to II nlgr.t.
WANTED— Expert dun n men and powder men
for steam shovel work. Apply to JAS. A.
McMAHON, 210 Spear st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at $1 75 pet
day. Devisadero and Broadway, city.
TRAVELER to sell shirts on commission- side
line; state particulars. Box 691. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c." 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can j*
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines. Alameda County. Cal.: sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H.
NORTON, superintendent.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, som«
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — 20 men to occupy rooms; 10c pel
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
BUSH. 421, above Kearny— Choice rooms; gas
and stationary washstandt 15c. 25c up.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13SH Eighth st.
WANTKD— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
■week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night ; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorney*.
— ; Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, S63H Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth, _/
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. '-■ 4T
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 250 night; reading room; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
— — — — — — — —-—-—————— — •—————————__. _____
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter MLAGENTS WANTED.
SELL Ma^ric Heel Protectors, sample i.e.; also
-■'•:■ Lustre; cam. •.■-,.-. BROWN, 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner for mil Ing venture; mu<=t
have $1000 and willing to leave city. Box
H'^j, Call office.
WANTED— Partner with JSAfI in good payinir
saloon. ''■■WIN-.; & CO., 995 Market. "
rooms WANTED.
WANTED- -Two unfurnished rooms, between
Kearny and Mason. Sutter and Market MRS
u> B.T? Call: office,"* box i 1687.
W A .VI" . .K-uiM iI.LA;\KO U S.
Wanted-a furnished house * in $ Rafael
iT 1 :, 3 7°?K h!I ; " change for a furnish.^
SS£!U2£l n " ran^ ssoc o- Address W. H.
V.IESTI-.P.. i, New Montgomery st.. S. F.
WANTED for cash, steam schooner, about 100
Idrffiggg Call 6 fUU * articula «- Ad-
t 'c;n C o 1 fflc^ cond - hand: must »* flne -
-2 or 3 r.n-foot painter's falls and hooks; good
condition.-— 220 Jersey St.
WANTKD-To hire 100 first-class scraper team»
vrlth harness an 1 pea-3 bnrs; lcn» job v B
FTON'K. Elmhurst
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
IS-ROOM house on Th Jrd ' Et.T. :tf.r:'. ' $375
24 rooms; never changed hands..'".!""!" 1000
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800
E-rocm flat, near Emporium 250
15-room house; worth ?ii'» »50
:6-room house; on Sixtli -t !!.!."! 560
£S rooms; sunny oorr.cr: clears $200....!..' 1100
60 rooms; best corner In th.; city ISOO
10 rooms; on Jones st.: worth $1000...!!!! 500
14 ror.ms; on Taylor st. (gco-i) 550
24 rooms; on Howard .-i 450
30-room boarding-house; clears $300 1250
1020 MARKET ST.. 1020 MARKET ST.,
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market fL. HBO Market st.
104 ROOMS; clears 1250 77777777*1600
25 rooms; clears ?1<» 700
11 rooms; clears $30 200
100 ethers: money loaned; insurance placed.
NATIONAL AGENCY, 7S.fi s ■ ....
■. H. WINSTON & eO.,To26~Market st"
15 rooms; easy payments; offices $751
2fi rooms; rent $1". only 400
2S rooms; rent <".". paying house 750
4S rtwms; rent $75; hani to duplicate li>;o
MONEY TO LOAN on furniture at 2 1 ,* pet.
J3ff>— 22-P.OOM house, near Market st. : rent ?40.
$300 — IS rooms; central: all rented: $150 cash,
balance on time. BASILE. 573 1 * Market st.
$250— ELEGANT house 10 rooms: first floor doc-
tor's office: selling for best reasons: 50 other
houses for sale. HEALY. 917 Market st.
A— WANT tenant* for fi. 8, 10, IS, 30, SO rooms.
SPECK & ro.. 6G7 Market St.
THIRD. 233— Lodging house of 11 rooms for sale
cheap.
$?'V>—Lor>GING house of 20 rooms for sale;
rent ?25. 72 Jackson et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent "to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale cheap— Furniture of 4 rooms; all
r.ew; rent $10. 45 Shipley st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
pnc. Eastern Ortnttlnp Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 rar.ee Klnc Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 79 9th. buys, sells.
exch. new & li-hand fur., carpets, stoves
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling pood upright pianos for $6
cash and $■> rer m^nth, we ask you to investi-
gate anJ approve this method; prices are the
panic as If purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights, upon me easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
Ja'rer month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner irny and Sutter
s:s.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth anJ
Broadway." Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & ' ii ASK
2fi. SS and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and s-atisfy the
customer.
BEAUTIFUL high-grade piano will be s~old
this afternoon for $110. Room* 12, Flood bid?.
A NEW Chickering and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's.
3019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary: tel. Larkin 706 . •
FAMILY leaving- must sell $400 upright piano
tor best offer. I*o6 Devisadero St.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos, $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
R A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 30S to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS; $69 up; installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Kills.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put in
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A— sSi; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER,- Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. .; BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett i Davis pianos.
B7\R(;7\IX-Good uprisht cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister fit.; next HibernU Bank.
KXAIiE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins. zith<*rs, old and new. H.
MULLER; maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
i'l HORSES for sale: also wagon n, buggies,
cart.*, harness : Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sale? every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Killip & Co.; salesyard. 1732 Market.
AT auction. Friday, June 16. at 11 o'clock, at
SlO Golden Gate a.ye., r,O head good work and
driving horses, from 1000 to 1400 pounds.
F< >X sale — 10 horses and mules at old irk-st.
enr stablen. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
WANTED— Tn hire light cart and hors^~for
two month"; or to buy a lieht cart. Address
box 1061, Call office, giving price and de-
scription.
ion SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
. biik'sios, surreys and horses, 1140 Folsom st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE £ GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their lav. offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-865 Mai I St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
KO charge unless successful; advice tree; i r-
fice. open evenings from S to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. Sad Market, cor. Btocktn.
MRs7~CLARA FOLTZ, attorney it law; pro-
bate and guardianship; Sth Boor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLAKKK-Hmma Spreckela building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. H27 Market si.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays cm-pets. C. IT. STEVENS, Mgr.,
SS and 40 Elslilh st.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
e«.-n.l to SPAULDIN'G'S Pioneer Carpet-
boating Works. 353-257 'f«h>ma at.; rd. S. 40.
CAR! ■; clcar.e-1. 3o per yard. H. L. JONES,
800 McAllister St.. cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 2H. .GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Elßhth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Ft.; cleaning 3e per yard; tel. Mission 74.
lT S Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 30S Golden
Gate; canietn cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gatfl aye.; tel. East 126^
CHEAPEST ami best in America— The Weekly
a Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the ;
United Ftatrw. pontpald; - for $1 per year.
■ ■ ' LOST.
L<*.ST— At ferry: paper box In wrapping, con-
taining handkerchief, black gloves fancy
work, etc.; reward to finder. c. S. HANSEN, ,
219 Front st -^Ji:_ F^__.__ I
LOST— White lhorte, short tall: weight n<vi-i2OO ;
pounds: strayed from Bay View; $10 reward. <
Green Mountain J)alr>\ ;
LOST— June 10, Scotch terrier dog; leather col- ]
lar and tap. Return to 157 Fifth St.; award. j
LOST— A~pa7»~book with the Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, hi i
the ■;.!■;■ of ANNIE A. PRATT, No. 147-316.
Ihe finder will please return to bank. ,: j
BUSINES' CHANCES.
A— sSs<>; CORNER saloon on SixteenttTand Mla-
sion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
nrst-class paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 60S
Market st.
A— s7Bo; first-class saloon, vicinity of the
[win; establ. years: private club and la-
dies' room; rent cheap. Particulars R. G.
'•'■ ILKE, tO6 Market St.
A— BRANCH bakery and notion store In
lively country town. IS miles from the city;
rent $15. including flat; a rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 806 Market Et.
A— U4OO— CORNER grocery and bar in the best
location of the Mission; living rooms; place
established years; doing a good business;
large stock In groceries and liquors. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s2oo; CIGAR stand with laundry office; rent
$15; one block from Call. WILKE. 906 Mar-
ket st.
A-S!2CO; BAKERY In lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $1000; rent
}-' ; horse, wagon, living rooms; a good pay-
in;; business. Call R. O. WILKE, 906 Market.
1800— CORNER saloon and cigar stand on
Stockton st., 2 blocks from Market: a bar-
gain. R. G. WILKE & CO.. 906 Market st.
A— s32so; CORNER saloon, with 5 furnished
rooms; established years; everybody knows
this as a money-making place; never clears
less than $200 per month; owner wants to
make a trip to Europe. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, H>6 Market st. :„: ,v
A— s4so; BRANCH bakery in the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good paying place;
clears about $100 per month. R. G. WILKE,
SC6 Market st.
$1600; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rms.; one-half block from Wleland's Brewery;
daily receipts about $26; cash trade only; a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
$700— BUTCHER shop; 35 miles from city;
route of 135 regular customers: receipts from
$1600 to $1700 monthly; living rooms; bargain.
LESS, 765 Market st.
$400— OYSTER house and tamale factory, near
Market; must be sold at once on account of
Other business in country. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$1000— PORK and sausage store; best part of
city; established 21 years: In this line you
could not tind a better offer on this coast to-
day; full investigation afforded; trial if you
mean business. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
?;'OO— LOCKSMITH shop; established 14 years;
full value In stock; business speaks for itself;
satisfactory reasons for selling. M. LESS,
76! Market St., opposite Phelan's.
RESTAURANT in most prosperous inland town I
of State; 9 furnished rooms; offered at great
sacrifice: owner going to Europe. M. LESS, I
765 Market st. ■- ..-, ■-■,'
$200— PARTNER wanted: business will pay over
$60 per month to each yearly. McLAUGHLIN
& CO., 777 Market st.
$250 — DELICACY and pork store; bargain this
day. Mi LAUGHLIN .v- CO.. 777 Market st.
$1100— SALOON and lunch house close to Mar-
ket st.; bargain on account of sickness; trial
given. Mclaughlin & CO., 7:7 Market st.
$430 — WOOD and coal, hay and grain yard; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market ft.
A— NOTICE to Jewelers; $1500 stock, tools, fix-
tures; bargain. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
CATHOLIC book store bargain this day.
COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
$150— DELICACY stand In market with other
things; doing good business; no night or Sun- j
day work; make an offer. 017 Eleventh st., '
Oakland.
FOR sale— Fixtures and good will of saloon;
established 30 years; stock optional; reason-
able; good location. Address 1518, Call.
RARE opening in daily journalism. Address
M.. box. 1684, Call office.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at |
636 Third st.
SUBSCRIPTIONS now received to CAPITAL
STOCK of MEXICAN RUBBER AND COF-
FEE PLANTATION CO., acquiring 5 produc- I
ing plantations; will be trading stock on I
'Change; dividend next February 15 per cent;
within 2 years 50 per cent annually: shares,
$10; . assessable. Prospectus, etc. obtainable ]
from MEXICAN IMPROVEMENT CO., 220 I
California st.
REVOLVING capital — Purchasing iurnlture
and household goods from private parties and
reselling same at auction; capita] Invested
returned with profits after each sale; money
in it; advertiser expert valuator; $1000 re-
quired; lady or gentleman. Address F. N.
P. O. box 2035, San Francisco.
FORTUNE Is knocking at your door and will
come in for $1000; this is a business enter-
prise, but circumstances are such that I can
offer you an extraordinary proposition. Box
1670, Call office.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; north of Market; i
doing good business; nice neighborhood; fine
place for man ' understanding the business; ;
good reasons for selling. Address .C. A.,
box 1645, Call office. ■ . . ■ |
J7SO— HALF Interest in one of the finest meat ]
markets In the city; fine locality and trade, '
with best class of customers: Includes horses,
wagons, book accounts, etc. G., box 1621, Call.
GOOD hotel In Sacramento; doing first-class
business; good location; 65 regular boarders; I
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
GROCERY and bar in Mission at Inventory;
owner going to Manila; cheap rent. Apply
ICO9 Mission St.
PAPER-COVERED Book Store, 1203 Market,
bet. Eighth and Ninth; a money-maker;
price $2500, and big value for the money.
JCOO— SALOON In heart of city; this is a tine
barga'n. German-American. 34 Kearny st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery and bar for sale;
cheap. Apply at 1795 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking business for sale;
barga In. Box 1675. Call.
BAKERY, stationery and notions; doing good
business; going East. 511 Laguna st.
HOME! bakery, suitable for man and wife or j
2 ladies. Box 34. Call office. |
SALOON for sale— Good business; good loca- j
tion. Inquire National Brewing Co.
EHOESHOP must be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished; good prices. 832 Bush.
.SALOON— Bargain to-day; part cash, balance j
monthly payments; going East cause of sale.
124 Fourth st.
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. SO Jackson st.
FOR sale— Cheap; coffee and lunch house in
business district. Box 599, Call office.
STORE and fixtures for grocery and bar.
Twenty-second and Castro sts.; new building.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & C 0.'8.. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this |
•office. :
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me- ;
INTOSH & wo;. KM AN. 195-197 Fremont nt ]
RAKE chance for 2 days only; a fine sealskin !
jacket for $87 50; cost originally $200; a fine |
Washburn guitar, price $17; cost $35; an
old master violin for $12, worth $40. UNCLE '
HARRIS, 16 Grant aye.
4 WHITE kittens. 11 Varinas place. Telegraph
Hill, bet. Union and Filbert.
i A 2-STONE diamond and emerald ring; price
I $88; worth $75. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
HANDSOME thoroughbred •Newfoundland pup.
I 4 mos. old, for sale. 403 Stevenson, cor. Fifth.
FOR sale— Windmill, tank and waterpipe;
nearly new. 703 San Bruno aye.
FOR SALE— lmported Belgium homing pigeons.
Call 714 Ellis st.
FOR sale— Two very small thoroughbred black
i and lan pups. 713 Mission St.; barber shop.
PEDIGREED blue and brindle great Dane
pups. Inquire office Sunset Kennels, 171 4th.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
! J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mfrrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
I A AN OVERSTOCK
St Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
| supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; Installmts.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN ft BURKE. 139 Real* St.
GASOLINE engines, 2d-hand. from 2 to 26 H.
P.; cheap and guaranteed 648 Mission st.
! DRESS pants, $2 95: fine suits. $9 '.<:,. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. ! h. p. lilt, 1
h. p. $150. 4h. p. $17.-.. Smith Co., . 27 Mission. j
A— UJO DERBY and Fedora hats, $17:.. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap Iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 616 Mission st.
I SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
-Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
i Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
i United States, postpaid, for SI per year.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.. !
722 Mission; good! guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE A TAYLOR, packing and storage of
turn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black $11.
PIFRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st. cor. Powell; tel. Main 6711.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1899.
PERSONALS.
WANTED To form acquaintance of honorable
young lady, matrimonially Inclined, by young
man of 28, in good circumstances. Address
H. M. P., Vallejo.
YOUNG American of moderate means and best
of references would like to meet a nice young
lady or widow; view to matrimony. Address
box 1653. Call office.
LINCOLN BROS.—
Sell Eggs, 15c doz; Butter, 800 roll; . 2 lbs
coffee 25c; 5 cans Deviled Ham, 25c; 6 cans
Sardines, 25c; 3 cans Table Peaches, 25c;
large cans Jelly, 10c; 12 lbs Beans, 25c; 4
cans Best Tomatoes, 25c; ii cans Baked Beans,
26c; 3 cans Milk, 25c; Flour, 75c sk; 19 lbs
Gran. Sugar $1. We pay freight 100 miles.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth, above Folaom.
LEDERER' Quintonica gives the beautiful
gloss to hair you admire so much; 35c bottle;
' Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st
ASK LEDERER for Schefner's Colorine; 'twill
restore gray or bleached hair to its natural
color for $1 60 to $5; price 750 per box; hair-
dressing, 25c; switches, $1. 123 Stockton st.
THE Ills of mankind cured by natural mag-
netism by a stroke, of hands; no medicine
used. J. H. NORDLEE, 5 Seventh, nr. Market.
FAT is fatal to beauty and health; we reduce
quickly and safely. An-T.-Phat Co., Chicago.
KNITTING— to order, Jl each. 614
Ellis st
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., '-..:■ Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreigm
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
Be to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus rind baggage to and from the ferry.
II ARCHIE MORRISON, formerly of Wheat-
land, Cal., will write to his father he will
hear of something to his advantage. HUGH
MORRISON.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post et.. will seli you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments.. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 610 Golden Gate aye. ;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 614 Pine, ab. Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., ISI4 Market st.; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter St.
A— Ladies, or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a .week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8.50; bedrm sets $8; bed lounges
$4 50: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 Sixth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary St.; dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. .1. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader: also medical clairvoyant: treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases: send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings $1; diagnosis free.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; developing
and test circle to-night; admission 25c. 234V4
Sixth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate-
writing medium. US Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c: sit tings, $1. 233 Valencia St.
MRS. B. UAL' MANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS .1. B. DWTER, the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium immediately, either in person
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and is master
of the power by which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those In whom
you are Interested; satisfaction guaranteed by
mail, $.1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladies, 60c; gents. $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL success of of Mme. Cllngman,
from New York; scientific palmistry and
astrologlst; readings i>oc and $1. 513 Tenth
st., Oakland.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Kills fit., parlors 6 and 7.
MISS M. FOX, celebrated card reader, room 12,
311 Grant aye.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
net Ist. 207 Powell st., rooms 5-6.
MME. LpENEMAR, 225 Mason, cor. O'Farrell;
by planets; pred'td rescue pass. str. Gold, '74.
RETURNED— MISS YON BERG, clairvoyant
and palmist. 204 Ellis St., rooms 35 and 36.
MISS ALEECE FAURE. card reader. 405 Kear-
ny St., room 34; French and English spoken.
MRS. KOPP. natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader; 50c. 18 I^ewis St., off Taylor, nr. Post.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 88% Geary St., rooms 1 and 3.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post St., room 1.
MISS GEORGIA TAYLOR, returned, palmist
and card reader. Room 1, 110H Turk st.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant ana
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market St., room 2.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and IS, second floor, 565V4 Market.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin Ft., room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: trie.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer, first
In her profession: never falls. 325 A Sutter St.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles 914 O'Farrell st.
FAJLDUSTKY.
NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. <3er-
malne. 616 Geary St., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall, $1.
YOUR fate Is in your hand; scientific palmis-
try. MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market st., r. 30.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist. 916
Bush St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium: minerals
located; lucky days; palmistry. 319 McAllister.
~~ DENTISTS.
Dr7~tTs7TiiG^lNS' Dental Parlor?.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
. crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from Jo. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENIAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
• ket at., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee •10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. : 937 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 60c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs.. 850 MarKet st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
HOUSES TO LET. f
FOUR fine houses, newly papered, tinted and
painted, S3S Guerrero, cor. Twenty-first: 12
rooms, large grounds, stable, etc. 3386 and
33SS Twenty-first, near Guerrero, 7 rooms
each; 3553 Twentieth, bet. Valencia and Mis-
sion, 8 rooms. These are desirable, pleas-
ant homes; rent very reasonable;, see them.
E. G. DENNISTON, 34.'4 Twenty-first st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St. . ■ ■_
MISSION, 121514. near Eighth-House of 14
gunny rooms, bath, tubs, etc.; suitable for
roomers; rent $40.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2754. bet. York and Hamp-
shire — 6 rooms, all modern improvements;
large yard ; rent $16. ■ !
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
ASH aye., 220—6 nice furnished sunny rooms
very reasonable; half price; investigate.
TO LET— 9 rooms and bath, with piano, $43.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Mar-
ket st. ____««____«
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath; large basement. 724
Willow aye. ; rent $14.
FOR rent, nice 6-room cottage; rent $18. Bon-
lta aye., near Piedmont Springs.
FOUR-ROOMED cottage at 3254 Folsom st. Ap-
ply at 350 Precita aye.; rent $10.
$6— REAR cottage; 4 rooms, basement; water
free. 339 Jersey St., Castro cars.
$7 50— New 5-room cottage; bay window and
■ barn; water free. 5060 Mission st.
JO—COZY cottage, 4 rooms and yard. . 1705 Turk
st., near Scott. -
FLATS TO LET.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery Et.
$25— 536 Fulton st. ; 6 rooms and bath.
$30—1613 Sutter St.; 7 rooms and bath.
$21—1723 McAllister st. ; 7 rooms and bath.
$20—5 Hollls st. : 6 rooms and bath.
$15—5 Ma rye terrace; 4 rooms and bath.
JlS— 354 Minna st.; 5 rooms and bath.
FLATS. i COTTAGES.
932 Clay; 4 r $15 315 Jersey; 5 r $13
3601 Jackson; 6 r.. 15 2106 O'Farrell; 4 r.. 11
3 Pine place; 5 r.. 13 2136 Bush; 3 r 10
523 Linden aye.: 4 r 11 1 210« O'Farrell; 4 r... 11
1067 G. G. aye.: 4 r. 10 1 1814% Scott; 4 r 8
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
ADELAIDE place, 8, off Taylor, near Post—
4 sunny rooms in nice order, $12.
BEAUTIFUL modern S-room corner flat. Cor-
ner Howard and Nineteenth sts.
COMFORTABLY furnished flat of 6 rooms,
bath and yard to let at 835 Fulton st., near
Webster: key lower flat.
ELIZABETH, 11, near Twenty-third and Guer-
rero — rooms; yard and cellar; rent reason-
able. Inquire upstairs.
FEW steps from City Hall, fine sunny top flat;
6 rooms, bath. 10 Grove st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window, bath. 716 Na-
toma, bet. Sth and 9th sts. ; $12.
FLAT of 5 sunny rooms and bath. 913 Illinois
St., close to Union Iron Works.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. .
FLAT of 5 rooms: reasonable to right party.
820% Jessie St., off Ninth.
MODERN flat of 5 sunny rooms; must be seen
to be appreciated. Apply 3753 24th st.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
BUit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY rear flat 5 rooms and bath. Inquire
919 A Butter st. , .' ',;
TENTH, 189, near Market— Flat, 6 rooms, bath;
yard: In good order; reasonable rent.
UPPER flat; 4 sunny rooms, with bath. Cor.
Cedar aye. and Larkin St.; bet. Post and
Geary; $16.
UPPER flat, 3 choice ,sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
$15 — COZY sunny flat, 4 rooms, bath and yard.
10 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
$15 — 5 SUNNY rooms, bath and modern Imp.
30SA Bartlett St., near Twenty-fourth. ■
$IS— PARLOR, bedroom, dining-room, kitchen,
bath, toilet, cellar, yard. 1917 Geary st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FOR SALE— Nicely furnished flat, 7 rooms;
Geary st. ; five minutes' walk from Kearny
and Market; account of leaving city. Box
557. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT HA Geary— Large, well-fur, suite for light
hskpg.: run. water; $16 mo. ; others $1 50 wk.
DERBY place, off Taylor, near Geary— 2 flats,
or 6 rooms, to let; cheap.
EDDY, — Large front housekeeping; also
single room; private family: reasonable.
EDDY, — Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
splendid location; private family; no children.
ELLIS. 1436, corner Hollis— large Bunny un-
furnished corner rooms; top flat; porcelain
bath; tile sink; steel range; telephone, etc.;
rent $15.
ERIE, 47, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth— 2
ani 3 rooms; separate front entrance; gar-
den; rent $10, $13.
GEARY. Unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
_i £_ _^
GEARY. Upper floor of 3 newly furnish-
ed rooms; running water; gas; bath; tele-
phone; or two connecting sunny front rooms.
GEARY, 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
HARRIET, 3, off Howard— Two furnished
housekeeping rooms; private family; $9.
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping; large yard; rent $12.
HOWARD, 525—2 or 3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1061—2 sunny connecting completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; running water.
HYDE. 110—3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing. ■ -•_, ;.-.-. .
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LEAVENWORTH, 515— Two sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekpg; besement; reasonable.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet. $12; 2 unfurn.. $5.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
OAK, 119— Two sunny front rooms furnished
for housekeeping, $5, $8; gas; bath; storage.
POINT LOBOS aye., 1819— Furnished house-
keeping rooms, $10 to $12.
POWELL, 143, below O'Farrell— frnshd. hkpg.
rooms; hot and cold water; range; bath.
SEVENTH, 262—2 large sunny corner suites,
suitable for housekeeping; large grounds.
SHIPLEY, 259, near Foleom and Sixth—
rooms, $6. 60 Natoma St., two housekeeping
rooms, $5.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 3 well-furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms, $7 to $12.
THIRTEENTH, 405, cor. Valencia— Suite con-
nectlng sunny front furnished rooms; neat
and clean: complete for housekeeping; coal
stove; bath; telephone; $12 month.
TURK, 301, cor. Leaven worth — sunny hpkg.
rooms, $10; ground floor; also 1 small; cheap.
TWELFTH, 230 C —Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; gas range; select locality.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission—
connecting sunny front housekeeping suites
furnished complete, $S to $11.
VALENCIA, 1171—2 nicely furnished bay-wln-
dow rooms; private family; housekeeping.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
rooms TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— SUTTER. 717. 831— Furnished beautifully;
very choice; reasonable; appreciated if seen.
BOHEMIAN, 239 Post; cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner, rooms and suites; quiet, all conven-
iences;, tourist; elevator, etc.; first-class ref-
erence given. ;'*."•
CALIFORNIA, 1303— With 'or ' without board;
cozy back room to single gentleman; private.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner, fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLAY, 1249— Lower floor, 3 unfurnished sunny
rooms; no children.
CLAY, 1723, near Van Ness— Three rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished.
FIFTH, 221— Sunny corner room; two beds;
also housekeeping suite; quiet; respectable.
FIFTH. 353— Sunny large furnished front room,
$7; also single, $5. .....
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 week and up.
GEARY, iis6— Elegant sunny front parlor, piano;
suites; other rooms; privilege light house-
keeping; telephone. , ... ; -
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely furnish-
• ed sunny front room; running water; private
family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GRANT aye., 17— Bay-window front suite; also
single rooms; transient solicited.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house ; $1 50 to *6 per week.
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week.
HAWTHORNE, 155 A —1 large sunny room; also
a small one; cheap.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 819 Sutter. near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; elevator; free baths. '
HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde— Prettily furnished
corner suites, bath; board optional.
HOWARD, 835— One large front sunny room
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen: also 2 large
single rooms; in private family. _^__
HOWARD, 946— Sunny bay-window front room,
$2 week; also single light room, $1.
KEARNY, 326— Sunny second parlor with uae
of front parlor, for gentleman or man and
wife; private family. Inquire 324 Kearny st.
MAIN, 311— 54: furnished sunny front room;
also smaller back rooms.
M'ALLISTER. 635— Nicely furnished rooms in
private family; bath.
M'ALLISTER, 726, above Gough— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, with gas; very cheap.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, EB6— Nice sunny furnished room.
NATOMA. 919— A nice sunny furnished front
room; suitable for man and wife or 2 gen-
tlemen; $6 50.
O'FARHELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRE"LL, 424— Double front bay-win, rm. ;
prettily fur.; desk; 1 small; both hot, cold wr.
O'FARRELL. 535. nr. Jones— l front neatly
furn. and cheerful rm. : dble. fold, bed; grate.
POST, 515— Sunny rooms; suites and single; rea-
sonable.
POST, 715— Large furnished room, sunny,
closet, gas, bath; $10.
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished single rooms; sunhy.
POWELL,' 17— Large, also small frnsh. rms.;
centrally located; few doors from Columbia.
RITCH, 2061,2, off Bryant, near Third— 2 and 4
rooms; rent $5 and $7.
ROYAL . House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished rooms; also
rooms for housekeeping; moderate.
SUTTER. 1111— Furnished rooms, single and en
suite; also for housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 407 — Sunny, front room, piano, bath;
reasonable.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming housa
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
"THE GRENOBLE." 613 Bush. cor. Stockton—
Suits. ?15. up; single, $S; newly furn.; bath.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St., near Market—
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THIRD, 2.'), near Market— Sunniest rooms in
city; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
THIRD, 514Sa — 2 large unfurnished rooms;
yard; rear of barber shop; cheap. Inquire in
shop.
TURK, lO&'i— Elegant room for gentleman;
central; Jl2 month.
VAN NESS, aye., 43— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bay-window suite; kitchen; also other
rooms.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $4 a week up; Swedish home.
LEAVENWORTH, 219— Sunny rooms; hot
water; K'^d table board.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double. $20.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq.— Furnished suites and single rooms; in
business locality for table hoarder*.
CHILDREN BOARDED. #
WANTED— Care and keeping of 1 or 2 chil-
dren; reasonable price; healthy location; good
home. Box 591. Call office.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board;
good home; reasonable. 306 Bartlett st.
INFANTS boarded; confidential. Box 700, Call
office.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
THREE new stores, cor. 7th and Minna sts.,
at reduced rent, by JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine.
$20— STORE, northwest corner Post and Baker
sts., with fixtures complete for a grocery; 3
rooms In rear; fine concrete cellar: water free.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
sts. MAKISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
~ OFFICES TO IJBT.
SUITE of office rms., fur.: west side; 143 Pow-
ell, below O'Farrell; occupied by doctor 8 yrs.
OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071H Market St.. S. F.; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with even' comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5.' No In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. OWYER.
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills, 510 Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays
by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
Fame day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$6: home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $6; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Marxet St., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny St.
A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
femaie specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, fron. whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated sucessfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; ronsult him first, save time and money;
treatment car. be ured at home; consultation
free; call or write. 10Z3H Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. rr... 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p m.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; reli-
able, sale, sure; maternity home; no instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment. $5. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
M : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
FOR married ladies— A sure safe preventive;
why wait and suffer? An ounce of prevention
is worth a pound of cure: $1. 1637 Howard
Bt., 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays excepted.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden, Oakland; home in confinement:
children adopted out. Take Grove-st car.
MRS. DR. WF.GKXKU, 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home In confinement.
DP., and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;ss up.
DR. W-ONG~HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eaees of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CITY REAL j ESTATE. __
$7850— CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
! Park view cannot be obstructed; 10 large
sunny rooms; conservatory; most expensive-
ly decorated; hot. air furnace; all possible
conveniences. Apply to ALBERT WILFORD
on premises, cor. Fulton and Shrader sts.,
from 11 to 3. McAllister or Hayes-st. car.
GOOD paying business property for sale; part
cash, part exchange. . Owner, box 1676, . Call.
100 ACRES— Choice lands of the H. Schwerin
home farm. 5 miles from City Hall, in Visi-
tation Valley. ■.
Sheltered on three- sides by the valley In-
closure; deen, black loam; abundant pure
water; natural drainage.; < ' • .
: Bountiful acreage homes; 10 acres; at less
than a choice city lot.
THE 100 ACRES. $66,060. ■
By order of partitioners. THOMAS MO-
RAN. Agent, 534^2 California st.
— "
THE choicest lots- in Richmond very cheap;
east side Ter4h aye.. corner Clement st. ; 2"x
105 feet each; elevated and sitely; fine ma-
rine .views;, just the location for a home;
graded, street • macadamized and sewered;
electric cars pass every few minutes; only $700
each; easy payments: if you have any idea of
getting a home be sure and look at these lots;
sun morning and afternoon. ,
: W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
$4750 — NEW park residences, 7 and 9 rooms; all
sunny; large lot; fine locality; see these; open
for inspection every day; owner on premises.
Carl St., between Cole and Stanyan.
IF. your .property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
$2SOO-rNEW modern 6-room cottage, with all
the. latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 25x125; near corner Twentieth
and Castro sts. F. NELSON, Builder. .
WANTED— .
Cheap lots near car lines anywhere in San
, Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate Agent,
630 Market St.
•115 your property Is mortgaged and you . need
.more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market St..
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery.
FORECLOSURE— lots in block 882, south of
Park, to highest bidder. J. J. EVANS,
. Money Loaner, 630 Market st. •. •■
NEW 4-room cottage and - bath; cheap. 40
Prospect aye. ; Mission cars.
i IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 830 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL, KSTATB.
IMPROVED ranch, 400 acres, proposition sur-
prising; "Vi acres in Napa City, 6-room cot-
tage, barn, 160 trees, garden land; in whole
or part. OWNER, 1532 Polk st.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; Sl5O acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO.. 302 California st.. S. P.
i FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
— Alameda home and other property
(clear) for improved ranch. GERMAN-
AMERICAN, 34Kearny st. ■
MONEY TO LOAN. .
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 Third st.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
undiv'd infts, etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312
Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye. — Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market. .
• j. LUKATKIXAL, i
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surf eying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; ■24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60, Flood build-
ing, S. H. TARR, Principal; pupils 1 fitted
for all office work; course in bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
! ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as. teachers;
Ellis system: .sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
. est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN..933 Market.
PRIVATE instructions in shorthand and type-
writing; Improved method; $3 per month:
also typewriting done very reasonable. 365
McAllister st. .
ITALIAN and French lessons and conversation
by a lady college graduate. D. W. M., 2088
. Sutter st.
MATHEMATICS, history, English taught;
coaching specialty; vacation $3 mo. 220 Eddy,
INSTRUCTION on piano, violin and cornet;
terms reasonable. 1207 Howard st. .
! "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 Larkln st., opp. City Hall.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FI'RXITI-RB FOR 8 ALB.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture dealer. nth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
jd:i:i. i.i.i:\ tUQAJL STATIC.
$3600— BRAND-NEW, elegant 10-room house, 1
block south of University; plate glass win-
downs; porcelain bath; -2 large., fireplaces;
built by day's work; complete In all details;
on high lot affording fine view of bay, etc.;
have tenant who will take lease of same at
$40 per month; one of the finest investments
to be had.
Call or address
•:•:.: M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway,
Oakland.
_______
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted— Is hereby given that
sealed proposals wICI be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal.. ud to 10 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, June 24. 1899, and. opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months commencing
July 1. 1899. and ending December 31. 1599.
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
i carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
| ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
is in accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder mu6t accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
l tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. . J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia', room 13. 320 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Cal. By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
OFFICE C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks. Wash.,
June 6, IS99 — Sealed proposals, in triplicate,
will be received here until 11 a. m , June 20.
1899, ; and then opened for furnishing steam-
boat service between Astoria, Oregon. Fort
Stevens. Oregon, and Fort" Canby. Wash., for
■ fiscal year commencing July 1,:1599: Informa-
tion furnished here. United States reserves
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
or any part thereof.- Envelopes containing
■ proposals should be marked: "Proposals for
steamer transportation,"., and addressed to
undersigned. . J. W. JACOBS. c. Q. M.
_____________ _ „
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNEJLL, office and residence,
lOttft Market St.. bet. 6th and 7t_ ,
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, Bold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. ■ 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. . 205 Fourth st.
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LOFT— In this city, to the wife of I. O. Loft.
a daughter. _____________
MARRIED.
BLAKE— EARLE— In Santa Clara. June 11.
1899, at Sodality Chapel, St.' Claire's Church,
by the Rev. Father Collins. S. J.. George W.
Blake of San Jose and Katherine A. Earle of
San Francisco.
HUDSON— FORSTER— In Oakland. June 7. 1599,
by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, Charles Oliver Hud-
son and Jennie Forster.
ROECKER— RICHTER— In Oakland. June 8,
1899, at Zion's German Evangelical Lutheran.
Church, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, . Professor
H. G. Roecker and Elnora Richter.
WURZ— WEIHKNECHT— In Temescal, June T.
1599, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss. William
Charles Wurz and Martha Weihknecht.
DIED.
Bauer. Ernestine Hanson, Oscar B.
Benson. Ann Hughes. Genevieve
Braunheck. Peter Jones, Samuel H.
Carr, John Kimmls, Mrs. Angie
Creque, Julia A. Krause, Charles
Cronln, Mary Mclntyre. John
Dunlevy. Agnes R. Mann. Ellis H.
Dunne, William L. Matthews. Eleanor
Edwards, Joseph L. Murray, Howard C.
Fleming, Arthur W. Schulz,' George T.
Goe, Amlea Thompsen, Nlcholaus
Grant, David Truett, Marian J.
Hals.!!. Charles Wobber, Hermann
Hamilton, William • . '
BAUER— In this city, Ernestine, dearly be-
loved wife of Jacob Bauer, mother of Her-
man and Arthur Bauer.- and sister of Sam
and Julius Levy, a native of Fordorn, Ger-
many,' aged 39 years and 6 months.
BENSON— In this city, June 11, 1899, Ann Ben-
son, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. William,
earmark and Mrs. Robert M. Johnston, a na-
tive of Wick. Scotland, aged 72 years 4
months and 7 days.
BRAUNBECK— In this city. June 10, 1593.
Peter, dearly beloved son of Peter and Jaco-
bine Braunbeck. and brother of Louise. Liz-
. zie, Herman, Maria and Hulda Braunbeck, a
. native of San Francisco, aged 10 years 11
months and 4 days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 515 Thirtieth street, near Noe.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CARR— this city, June 11, 1899, John, hus-
band of Margaret Carr, and father of Eliza-
beth and Arthur Carr, a native of Ireland,
'aged 63 years.
CREQUE— In Berkeley, June 9, 1599, Julia Ann
Creque. a native of New York, aged S4 year 3
8 months and 20 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the late H. J. McKusick, Webster street, be-
tween College and Claremont avenues.
CRONIN— In this city, June 10, 1899. Mary,
dearly beloved sister of Cornelius, John, Den-
nis, Nellie, Maggie and Bridget Cronin. a na-
tive of the parish of Ballyvourney, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 34 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:43 o'clock, from the parlors of
• J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the rej>ose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUNLEVY— In this city, June 9, 1899, Agnes
R., beloved daughter of Captain A. J. Dun-
levy, and sister of Elizabeth R. and Wil-
liam Osborn Dunlevy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years and 3 days. .
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 446 Page street, thence to St. Igna-
tius Church, Hayes street, where a requiem,
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUNNE— In this city. June 9, 1899. William L.,
beloved son of Mary A. Dunne, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 47 years. . .
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from St. Mary's Hos-
pital Chapel. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
" tery. ■ - ■
EDWARDS— this city, June 11. 1899, Joseph
Leslie, infant son of Thomas and Maggie Ed-
wards, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months.
FLEMING— In Alameda, June 10, 1899, Arthur
W., beloved son of Charles N. and Addle L.
Fleming, a native of California, aged 7
months and 26 days.
GOE— this city, June 9. 1599. Amiea, wife of
. William Goe, and mother of George C. and
Charles A. Goe. a native of New York, aged
' 68- years 4 months and 17 days. (Nevada pa-
pers please copy.)
[£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Luke's
Episcopal Church, corner Van Ness avenue
and Clay street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, via electric funeral car from Four-
teenth and Mission streets.
GRANT— the City and County Hospital,
June 11, 1899, David Grant, a native of Cana-
da, aged 61 years.
HADSELL— In this city, June 11, 1899, Charles,
husband of the late Anna M. Hadsell, and
father of Charles F. and Anna M. Hadsell and
Mrs. Charles Stallman. a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 66 years 5 months and 28 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, at Sunol, Cal.
HAMILTON— In the City and County Hospital.
June 11, 1899. William Hamilton, a native of
Ireland, aged 56 years.
HANSON— In this city, June 11. 1599. Oscar 8..
beloved husband of Sophia M. Hanson, and
father of Edna and George B. Hanson, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 43 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Swedish M.
E. Church, Howard street, between Eighth
and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
HUGHES— In this city. June 11, 1899, Gene-
vleve. beloved daughter of Kate and Patrick
Hughes, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and S months.
JONES— In this city, June 11. 1£99. at the Old
People's Home, Samuel 11. Jones, a native of,
. Ohio, aged 74 years.
KIMMIS— in London, England, Mrs. Angie
■ Tarrant Kimmls. a -native ot Fort Worth,
Texas, aged 22 years.
KRAUSE— In this city, June 10, 1599, Charles,
beloved husband of Henrietta Krause. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 67 years 5 months and
4 days. '
MeINTRYE— Tn this city, June 11. 1899. John,
beloved husband of the late Ann Mclntyre,
and father of Lizzie and Annie Mclntyre and
the late William E. and John Mclntyre. a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 76 years and 16 days.
MANN— In Tacoma, Wash.. June 7, 1599. Ellis
H., son of John D. and the late Hannah G.
Mann, a native of Portland. Me., aged 43
years 8 months and 6 days. (Maine, Massa-
chusetts and Oregon papers please copy.)
CT-The funeral will take place- this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the Pacific Un-
dertaking Parlors. 777 Mission street. ' Inter-
ment private, in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MATTHEWS— In this city. June 11. 1599. Elea-
nor, dearly beloved daughter of Charles and
Teresa Matthews, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years and 5 months.
MURRAY— June 10, 1899. entered into rest, at
. the residence of Mr. and Mrs. M. Hansen.
2134 O'Farrell street. Howard C. , dearly be-
loved husband of Ellse Murray, a native of
San Mateo, Cal.. aged 22 years and 11 days.
C^Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his father-in-law, M. Hansen, 2134 O'Far-
rell street, between Devisadero and Broder-
ick. Interment at San Mateo, by train from.
Third and Townsend streets at ' 11:30 o'clock.
SCHULZ— this city. June 10, 1899. George T..
beloved husband of Margaret Schulz. and
.. father of Henry. Thomas, Andrew. John, Jo-
seph and George Schulz, Mrs. Peter Carney
and Mrs. Frank McGinerty, a native of Ger-
many, aged 70 years. -. •": -
[C?" The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. .1011 Alabama street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
I .commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
| . Calvary Cemetery.
j THOMPSEN— In this city, June 11. 1899, Nlcho-
i lavs Ludwlg Thompsen, M. D., beloved father
of Mrs. Clara A. Pflle, a native of Denmark,
j aged 65 years.
I TRUETT— In this city, June 11, 1599. Marian
J., daughter of the late Mortimer and Inez
Truett, and dearly beloved sister of A. D.,
M. S.y Edith N. and Grace C. Truett. Mrs.
William F. Flynn and Mrs. J. F. Sepulvida,
a native of California, aged 15 years 2 months
and 27 days.
lE7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 438 Fell street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via electric cars from Four-
teenth and Guerrero streets at 1 o'clock.
WOBBER— In this city. June 11. 1899. Her-
mann, beloved husband of Johanne Wobber.
father or' William. Edward, Hermann and
' Arthur Wobber, and brother of William and
Peter Wobber. a native of Germany, aged 46
years 11 months and 13 days.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND Elli:_M!iß»
. -tO Fifth at., opposite Uocola ScAoot,
T«l*p«on» South M.
McflVOY & CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALiIERS, I
1235 Market Ft., between Bth and 9th. |
_^^^^^^Telephone^Soutl^47^^^^^^^|
910
CRIMES AND CASUALTIES OF A DAY
JOHN LANDSMANN
STABBED TO DEATH
George Trueworthy Supposed to
Have Killed Him in a
Street Brawl.
LAXDSMANN w..s fatally
stabbed lasl night near the corner of
and Laguna Btreets, it is
supposed, by George Frederick True
worthy, who is known in the neighbor
' Hunkers." The killing was the
I of a mix-up between two pangs of
men, who were mure or \e*< Intoxicated,
was arrested two hours later,
he did not do the killing.
He had three Blight wounda on both hands
back of his head.
La; >w lies at the Morgue with
two wounds, one over the heart and an-
STABBED TO DEATH IN THE DARK.
MIDNIGHT ATTACK ON JOHN LANDSMANN
oth< r e. He also received a flesh
. domen. Either of the first
two wounds would have proved fatal.
William Sampson, who was cut over the
left eye, Albert .Marsh, Jas. Monahan. son
< • Sergeant Monahan, who received a cut
. Frank Bush, all of whom
participated In the cutting scrape, are In
ly. They are all more or less dilapi
dated, and a physician at the Receiving
tal dressed their wounds, which
■flcial. Their names w< re placed
on the detinue book, and they will be held
j ■ ■
Landsmann was i mployed by Louis
Wisemann, who keep
the corner of Laguna and Union sti
According to his employer yesterday was
the young njan's day off. ii'- came Into
the store last night about 9 o'clock in
company with Sampson and they had Bev
drinks together. L*hey left with the
tion of going home and were Joined
bj Marsh, wJio bears the nickname of
"i )!>!>• . ■ Together they walked down the
and met Bush and Monahan. A
few « rds i Lssed between them and
Landsmann engaged Bush In a irienilly
Lee. A few blows were exchanged
Bush left the men and soon returned
with Trueworthy. Hush again tackled
Landsmann while True Worthy went at
Sampson. It soon become a general mix
up and Sampson fell to the ground on.iop
of Truewnrthy. Bampson ?• H Truewor
thy's arm pass across his back thrpe or
:!iu' s, and after b*»ing cut over i he
left eye i antagonist
held a'knif.- in his hand. At thin he broke
away ami ian t'> Fred Wisemann's stor.-.
yellliij
"'Hunkers' has got a kniff;."
Landemann, who was all thiH time scuf
fling wiili Bush, lefi him and walked over
uewbrthy, saying:
"Who'srgot a knife? I've Rot one, too."
Wißemann, who had come out of his
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE EN
ROUTE TO THE HOSPITAL
J. P. EMERSON SLASHES HIS
TH&OAT.
J. P. Emerson, a retired sea captain of
the British navy, attempted suicide last
night while in the Abbotsford saloon on
Eddy street, by harking His throat with
a razor. Bystanders discovered him in a
back room covered with blood, and noti
fied a. policeman, and he was hurriedly
sent to the Receiving Hospital. The
weapon he used could not be found on
Emerson and the officer went bac« to the
resort to find it. While the ambulance
was hurrying out to the City Hall, Dr.
jM in si ■> . who wan seated In front, saw
Ills n::tlent energetically engaged in com
pleting his work. He yelled to Driver
, Peterson to .stop, and when the speeding
'-vehicle was brought to b standstill, he
rushed to the door and sprang in and
fought for the. possession of the razor.
11. ■ was nearly cut In the struggle by the
crazed patient; but managed to secure it.
When placed on the operating table
Etueraons' hands had to be held and his
fcf:t pinioned while the doctors sewed up
two [aping wounds. Had the razor been
sharper he might have succeeded in his
attempt at destruction, but as it was not,
he will recover. This is the second time
Emerson has tried to end his life. When
ever ho imbibes too freely and becomes
despondent he mediates suicide and
causes no end of trouble to friends and
those around him. He is about 70 wars
old.
•.♦ . .
Reincarnation
• Universal Brotherhood Lodge of Theos
ophlsts held Its regular meeting at the
Academy of Science last evening. a large
audience assembled to hear the subject
of "Reincarnation" ably discussed by M.
P. Christiansen , Miss Day and Dr. An
derson. The speakers dwelt on the sub-
Jed that it was the soul which reincar
nated and which came up from the lower
kingdoms to man; that reincarnation is
taught in all Bibles; that as we -are here
now "we must have been here on earth
before ■ and that we will be lier.e again.
One speaker said that Jim Jeffries is an
Old gladiator fighting other old gladiators,
as he must have done in the past, and
the Interest which we show to-day in
these contests proves that we might
have been the egos of Romans. A num
b( r of Interesting questions were present
ed by people in the audience, which were
answered by the members of the lodge.
Alfred Splnks acted as chairman and
Henry S. Calm stated the objects of the
Universal Brotherhood organization - and
read a portion of the constitution.
st t ,re. fired a pistol in the air. thinking to
the men away. At that Instant
Landsmann, who had i losed In on True
worthy, fell to the ground, crying out:
"My God, he has stabbed me."
Landsmann was carried to the corner
of Filbert and Laguna Btreets, where he
expired in a few minutes.
Trueworthy disappeared from the scene,
luit the knife and a coat and cap which
belonged to Landsraann were picked up
by Sergeant Anderson near the scene of
the struggle.
Trueworthy is employed by the >
Range Dairy as a driver of a milk wagon
and is a hard character. Monahan
claims that Marsh cut him in the jaw.
When Trueworthy was brought to the
Central Station he gave this version of
the affair:
"I went with Bush at -the latter's re
quest to help him in some, trouble with
two other men. who immediate- jumped
on me and kicked me in the face. Just
then Jimmy Monahan passed me an open
knife, but I don't know whether I cut
anybody or not."
Landsmann was a shipmate of Sampson
and had been working ior Louis Wise
mann for six months. His employer
speaks highly -of him and-savs that he
was quiet and inoffensive, although prone
to drink to excess at times. Sampson
came to this city on the British shin Mi!
tonburn last January and has been em
ployed by Fred Wisemann since then.
Marsh's father is employed as a gripman
on the Unton street line.
TWO BOY BURGLARS
LANDED IN PRISON
Robbed a Junk Shop
in Daylight.
TWO ill-k^mpt and shabbily dressed
boys named .lames McDennott,
aped 11 years, and Lawrence For
restal, ;ik«'<] 10 years, wore arrested
yesterday afternoon by Police Officer
Regan of the Southern Station and
*■■ charged with burglary. Shortly after
\ noon the boys broke Into a junk
shop kept by a. man named
• t » Bernstein at Fifth and Urannan
♦' streets and after forcing open the
»• telephone box. from which they ex
♦ traded 20 cents, they entered the
•* basement at;d got away with a quan
i' thy of brass.
88 While attempting to dispose of the
♦ stolen property they were discovered
S3 by the arresting officer and tak« n to
♦ the City Prison.
8? The boys displayed considerable in
♦ genuity in entering the place. While
S& one of them kept watch on the out
., side the other climbed over the rear
V fence. He then threw a rope to his
g partner in crime and after fastening
« one end of it to a post he told him
Si? to hoist himself over the fence. They
♦ then attacked the rear door and with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 12, 1899.
FIRED TWICE
AT HIS VICTIM,
BUT MISSED HIM
Lively Shooting in a
Saloon.
O'DONNELL'S DEFECTIVE AIM
— «. —
VAINLY TRIES TO KILL "JERRY"
JtURPHY.
A Heated Dispute Over the Recent
Prize Fight Leads to a Vi
cious Attempt to
Murder.
♦
During a heated dispute over the r< la
i tive merits of Jeffries and Fltzsimmons j
! last night Edward O'Donnell, a laborer,
fired two shots at "Jerry" Murphy, who
arrived here two weeks ago from Boston.
Tli" shooting occurred in the saloon at
Sixth and Folsom streets, and notwith- |
standing that O'Donnell was within three i
feet of Murphy when h<- opened tire on j
him, there was no blood shed.
According to Murphy, who is a giant in j
size, he entered the saloon and asked
O'Donnell, who was leaning against the
; bar. to join him in a drink. O'Donnell
was under the influence of liquor and
seemed to be spoiling for a fight. After
sizing up Murphy lie referred to him as
a "big dub" and dared him to "put up
; his props."
"You remind me of Jeffries," he re- j
■ marked in an insulting manner. "Fitz ;
i can put it all over him."
Murphy replied that Jeffries had fairly
! beaten Fitz and defied O'Donnell to prove
otherwise.
"You call me a liar, do you?" roared
O'Donnell, picking up a bottle which was
I on the counter and bringing it down on
his adversary's head, inflicting a slight !
v i ■mill.
Murphy, although partly dazed by the
blow, Btarted to seize his brutal assailant
wh'-n the latter dr. w a revolver and tired
two shots at him. O'Donnell was within
a few feet of his intended victim, and
j how the bullets missed striking Murphy
I is a mystery.
As O'Donnell raised his revolver to fire
1 the third shot the bartender grabbed him
; and after a short struggle succeeded in
disarming him.
Several police officers who had been at
tracted to the saloon by the shooting
promptly arrested O'Donnell and started
with him for the City Prison. On the
way the infuriated num. although hand
cuffed, made a vigorous resistance and i
it was found necessary to club him into !
submission. At the prison he was for
mally charged with an assault to commit :
murder.
READY FOR OFFICE.
New Board of Health to Be Installed,
• —^—^—^^^^^^™
To-Morrow.
The new Hoard of Health will take of
to-morrow. There is much interest
(entered around this first meeting, for a
number of the hungry expect to feed fat
at the cribs of the Health Hoard and they
are eager to drag out the official remains
of those who hold the jobs they would
fill. There will he but little done for a
while, however, for the inspectors are
lust now engaged in keeping the quaran
tine on the recently discovered smallpox
cases, and they will not be taken off to
have their places tilled with novices— nor
as a matter of fact do the novices want
that kind of a berth for a starter.
The programme for Health Officer will
■ tied out. but in all probability not
to-morrow. As has been published, it will
go to i ir. Law lor. Devoto, the honorable
.Mr. Devoto of San Francisco, who rcpn
sented his district by voting for Hums,
will have his due. He will bear away
the scalp of Mr. Doekery.
the aid of a pick soon forced it open.
After breaking open the telephone box
and appropriating: the contents the
boys raised a plank in the floor with
the pick arid descended into the base
ment. Finding an empty sack they
half tilled it with brass and Quickly
left the scene. Both the buys admit
their guilt and say that they intended
to buy candy with the proceeds of
their crime. About two years ago
young McDermott and Forrestal were
arrested for breaking into a oar at
Fourth and Townsend streets and
stealing a number of felt hats. On ac
count of their tender years they were
allowed to go on their promise to be
have themselves In the future. To
day it is the intention of the police
to have them committed to some re
formatory school.
MYSTERIOUS DEATH OF
AN AGED STRANGER
Two Men Taken Into Custody
on Suspicion of Having
Clubbed Him.
THE police are puzzled over the mys
terious death of an unknown man,
who expired in a saloon at 635 Clay
street yesterday morning. At first
it was thought that his death was due to
heart failure, but later developments con
vinced the police that he was the victim
of foul play. I-ast evening Sergeant
Christiansen and Policeman Conroy, evi
dently satisfied that the unfortunate
man's death was caused by violence, ar
rested Gustave Revalah, the bartender,
and Arthur Chamberlain, a hanger-r.n
about the saloon, and locked them up in
G~*~*s~*~ €>-♦— ♦ -♦- —*-<*>-*- & -♦-<$►-♦- 41
THE UNKNOWN DEAD.
FOUND ONLY
DEATH WOULD
EASE HIS PAIN
Suicide of Despondent
Herman Webber.
GAS WAS HIS LAST REFUGE
♦
HE HAD BEEN SICK AND WAS
TIRED OF LIFE.
Through a Shower Bath Hose He
haled the Deadly Fluid.
Found Seated on the
Bathtub.
Tired of a life of sickness and pain, Her
man Webber committed suicide In his
home yesterday. He chose the gas
method, and although he left no word it
was evident the unfortunate man had
taken his own life.
Webber resided at Si'? 1 ;. Folsom street.
He has been afflicted with stomach
trouble for some time and latterly it has
grown upon him until he was almost con
stantly in pain. He grew mere and more
despondent and remedies failed to help
him, but he gave no intimation that he
was planning to end his sufferings in self
destruction.
He took a short walk yesterday morning
after he had risen from bed, and as soon
as he came in he went direct to the bath
room. There he was found some hours
afterward by his wife. She had detected
a strong odor of gas in the ljall outside
the br.throom door, and forcing her way
into the room she found her- husband sit
ting on the side of the tub. He was dead.
He had taken the hose from the supply |
pipe of the shower bath and this he had j
fastened to the gas jet. The other end
he had led to his mouth and it was still
clenched between his teeth when he was
found.
Hi was immediately taken into another
room and every effort to revive him was
made, but he was beyond. recovery when '
he was found. The Coroner's office was !
notified and Deputy Gately went out to
investigate. It was so evidently a case i
of suicide that upon the request of the
suicide's relatives the body was not re
moved to the Morgue.
Webber was a native of Germany. He
was 47 years old and leaves a widow and
four children, two boys and two girls.
NORDDEUTSCHER VEREIN.
The annual picnic and summer night
festival of the Xnrddeutscher Verein at '
Shell Mound Park yesterday was an em- '
phatlc success.
Over a thousand people journeyed
across the bay and enjoyment was tht;
order from morning until nearly mid- I
night.
Dancing in the big pavilion formed the '
principal attraction, though the various
amusements on the grounds came in for
their share of attention. The wheel of
fortune distributed many valuable prizes
to holders of lucky numbers, and four
hundred little ones were made happy I
with as many boxes of candy.
The following committees had the affair
In charge and worked tirelessly to insure I
the comfort and pleasure of their guests:
Arrangement— H. Meyer, IT. Miesner, K. i
Ipsen, h. Barner and O. yon Borstel.
Floor manager, August Kroenke; assist
ant, Ferdinand Gooss.
Floor Committee— F. Thode, William
Bruening and F. Koldenstrodt
Bowling Committee— O. Schinkel Sr.. 11. ;
Bohlmer. H. Thode -and G. Schomer.
Raffle Committee— C. Abraham, J. Sohl, j
C. Glese, A. P. Meyer and William Glin
demann.
LIVE-BIRD SHOOT.
The monthly live bird shoot of the !
Olympic Gun Club was held at the Ingle- j
side range yesterday. The attendance i
was not large, but the marksmanship was ;
unusually good considering the strong :
wind that was blowing and other unfav- I
ofable conditions. Following are the
scores :
C. A. Haight 122222222122—12
C. C. Nauman 21212*22X112-11
I>. D. Owens .' 211*22111111 — 11
M. E. Ungfr 1221211*1122—11
w. j. ooicher faioamm— u
H. C. Golcher 010022012212— S
Dr. Derby 01211011*221— ft |
H. Hosmer 2*220012*101— 7 !
C. F. Stone 210110221221—10
11. Vernon ....: 028110100811—8
C. A. Haight, back score 222202212221—11
Pr. Derby, back score 22*212122*00— $
\\\ J. Ooicher, back score 111112222221—12
W. C. Golcher, back score 22222122:112—12
•D«ad; out of bounds.
I the tanks. They will be held pending
further investigation.
A peculiar weapon, resembling a "black
jack," was booked as evidence against the
pair.
According to the bartender's story the
supposed victim walked into the saloon
and called for a drink. He was under the
influence of liquor and was in an ugly
| mood. Chamberlain was in the place at
| the time and accepted an invitation from
the stranger to join him in a drink. After
i having several drinks the unknown man
suddenly threw up his hands and fell to
the floor. In a few seconds he was dead.
Revalah emphatically denies that he
struck the stranger. He declares that
j after the man expired he ordered Cham
berlain to notify the Coroner. After con
siderable questioning he admitted that
the weapon which Is in the possession of
the police was his property.
He, however, claims that he used it in
cleaning the lamps in the saloon. At
tached to one end of the weapon is - a
bunch of rags which shows evidence of
having come in contact with kerosene,
partly bearing out Revalah's story of
why he had it in his possession.
Chamberlain refuses to discuss the sup-
I posed murder, except to say that he is
innocent of any' wrong-doing. To Ser
geant Christiansen he admitted having
had several drinks with the unknown vic
tim, but persistently denied that either
he or the bartender struck him. To-day
an autopsy will be held on the body and
;it will then be definitely ascertained
whether or not the stranger died from
heart failure or was the victim of foul
i pla y.
After he breathed his last a letter
! signed "Henderson" dropped out of his
; coal pocket. It read that the writer had
I been kicked out of the Almshouse and
threatening to bring the matter to the at
tention of the authorities. In another
pocket was found a piece of paper, on
which was written some doggerel verses.
Under the concluding verse was the name
"Harris."
The man was about sixty years of age,
had bushy gray whiskers and was shab
! bily dressed. He was not known to any
1 habitues of the saloon.
THOMAS KELLY
IS IN TROUBLE
ONCE AGAIN
The Special Under a
Serious Charge.
TOO READY WITH HIS GUN
NOW CHARGED WITH ASSAULT
WITH A DEADLY WEAPON.
Accused of Having Used Vile and In
sulting Terms and Drawing His
Gun When They Were
Resented.
— ♦ —
Special Officer Thomas Kelly, who at
tim<-s watches residences in the Western
Addition, is again in trouble. This time
he is charged with assault with a deadly
weapon on Ed Ritau, proprietor of a res
taurant at Broadway and Montgom
ery avenue.
The story of the trouble as related by
one qt the eyewitnesses is that Kelly at
tended a dance Saturday night in Gari
baldi Hall and partook a trifle too freely
of the cup that cheers. At about 4 o'clock
Sunday morning he made his appearance
in a saloon on Montgnmi-ry avenue, near
Broadway. A crowd of men were stand
ing before the bar drinking, and Kelly
thrust himself into the crowd. He an
nounced himself ;is a deputy United
States marshal, and addressed the men
with the vilest and most insulting epi
thets at his command.
Ritau took the matter personally and
resented the insult. A general mJx-up
followed, and Kelly, finding- that he way
getting the worst of it. drew his revolver
and aimed it at Kitau's breast. Before
he could pull the trigger Henry Steward,
who is employed in Frank & Paul's danco
hall on Broadway, wrested the weapon
from his hand. The combatants had by
this time worked their way from the
saloon into the street, and the disarmed
special was in imminent danger of being
seriously injured by the maddened crowd
when the police put in their appearance
and put a stop to the trouble by arresting
Kelly. He was taken to the" California
street police station, but as he wore th«*
star of a special Corporal Burke declined
to book him and had him sent directly to
the Central station.
Kelly and his friends tell a story alto
gether at variance with this one. They
claim that he went into the saloon anil
challenged any and all comers to a wrest
ling match. The proprietor of the saloon
refused to allow it to take place indoors
and Kelly and his opponent withdrew to
the sidewalk During the wrestling match
the revolver fell from Kelly's pocket and
at the same time Officer Brodt arrived aj d
placed the special officer under arrest
Kelly has the reputation of being a bad
man when under the influence of ltmior
and this is the third time he has found
himself in serious trouble. Captain Witt
man is making a thorough investigation
of the case, and the probabilities are that
Kelly will not only lose his star but be
forced to pay n penalty for being too
ready with his gun.
The famous old JESS]-. MOOPF. WHISKY 1*
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pur».
« ♦ ■
Robbed While He Slept.
Martin R. Ray, a recent arrival from
Kentucky, was taught a bitter lesson last
night. All the money be had in the worm
amounting to 5200. was taken from his
pocket uvhile he slumbered on a doorstep,
and now he is without hope, fortune and
occupation. The money was left him by
an uncle, who died in Danville Xv and
on receiving the bequest from the "execu
tors Ray came to this city. Yesterday he
went to Rocklin. and on his return walk
ed up Market street, stopping at various
resorts until he lost control of his move
ments. He sat down in a doorway to re
cover his equilibrium and there fell asleep
Some deft „ pickpocket relieved him of
his wealth. A passing policeman awak
ened the sleeper and when he became con
scious of his plight he Immediately
searched his pocket with the result that
he found his money had vanished
He reported the matter to Lieutenant
Birdsall of the Central station and Saw
the latter a minute description of th»
greenbacks. There were two, one on tha
Louisville, Ky., National Bank, and the
other on the S-ringtteld. Ohio, Bank ■ aI
Ray has not a cent left in the world he
does not know what he will do with him
self. The officers fear he will end h?«
existence. UJB
« ♦ ■
Don't miss the opportunity to visit
Monterey next Thursday/ Particulars
at Association building, corner Mason
and Ellis streets. - 1 ■.'-." ' . iUcls ° n
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Three
Special
Bargains!
45 dozen LADIES' COLORED
ALPACA SKIRTS, made from the
$O 00 very best quality of English iron-
/_ frame alpaca. They are all extra
/ size and all have three ruffles
p on, and are in grays, navys,
hacn browns and tans, and are good
value for $4.00.
42 pieces FRENCH PRINTED
s£\ FOULARD SILKS, 24 inches in
§ 111 j width. These silks are in new
U|j blues and white, navy blue and
*f V I white only, and are good value
Yara ifor 85c a yard.
25 pieces BLACK FIGURED
rA ENGLISH These
I^l IM goods are 44 and 48 inches in
■ 111 li width, come in a good variety of
Yd sma ' 1 ' medium and large designs
L and are good value for 75c yard.
SEE OUR U/INDOU/ DISPLAY.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
FELL THIRTY FEET
OUT OF A PARACHUTE
DANIEL MALONEY SEBIOUSLY
INJURED IN GLEN PARK.
A Sudden Lurch of the Big Balloon
Throws the Aeronaut From His
Perch on the Trapeze.
Daniel Maloney, the aeronaut, who was
programmed to make an ascent in the
balloon In Glen Park yesterday afternoon,
met with a serious accident which neces
sitated his removal to St. Luke's Hos
pital, where Dr. Herbert G. Shaw, the
house surgeon, dressed his wounds.
Maloney was seated in the parachute
aS the time the balloon had been Inflated,
! and just as the men having charge of the
i guy ropes were about to cut it loose a
! sudden gust of wind struck the balloon
: and brought it up taut against the stay
rcpes. The sudden jerk on the line which
: held the parachute dislodged Maloney
! from his seat on the ttapeze bar and Bent
I him to earth, a distance of about thirty
'■ feet. In the meantime the balloon was
I cut free and soared off in an easterly dl
! rection. landing in Mission Bay, off
Hunters Point.
Superintendent Hairy 1. McGill of Glen
<Park at once went to the aid of the fallen
and injured aeronaut and had him con
veyed to St. Luke's Hospital.
On his arrival at the hospital Dr. Shaw
made an examination of his injuries and
found that he received a lacerated wound
oi the chin, which required ten stitches
t<; close, besides this there was a rib
broken, his chest was crushed and severe
ly injured, and a contused wound of the
right thigh was also inflicted.
After having his wounds dressed Ma
loney was put to bed and made as com
fortable as was possible. Dr. Shaw is of
tin opinion that there are no serious In
ternal injuries by which thr life of Ma
in. py may be endangered. He received a
bad shaking up. and it will be some time
before he will be in a position to again
take a flyer from the trapeze bar to moth
er earth.
Troops Start for Alaska.
CINCINNATI. June IL— Company P
Seventh Infantry, which has been garri
soning Fort Thomas, left for San Fran
cisco to-day on orders to go to Aliski
Captain Charts A. Booth is in command!
Ocean Water Tub Bath*.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct frnm ocean.
_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE for TWO WEEKS
(T\ r A}., GIVEN TO INSURE
iS^N^NTi- SATISFACTION and
MfT^O^ ' JSk k to show the superior
*Sf>|iN^oP"h nlerit of the treat "
I "ATn^VS cIP ment. with my in-
lOR c/ W iLffiJ splrator healing Kerm-
_-_____s ,<?"r--«Oi?r§v icide medicines can be
iHCriATS^*?! Placed directly to the
inhUAr 'Qr*'"" diseased parts ami
~7TTT : >iS iSi tl .1 gives marvelous cures.
j® ~MV V\\ "|i ; In 2000 test case." 33
Vi fIC !•■' SI :i 'i per rent successful.
Hrfl' -vi(? B&i,' £tr Rev - Father Byan of
►'if IP SFirS^ have tried the treat-
fai and I Cl ' - meat and received
Ml -■'-"- - X I" ' great benefit. I can
/ V lvl 1 M l : 3 / conscientiously recom-
/■IiUMQ [■ ;| /.. mend it." Rev. R-
•5 h ?; T. -Phillips, of C.-;!*-
-,<£) c.> ] 4 Church. Dallas. Tex. .
fMPSS 'rr^w says: '"The inspirator
fe Wh has cured me. I can
®S¥i
cured me/fter suffer-
in for years with catarrh. *!<£ m 2 c JB9
threatened - lvn X trouble. It is ., BC #"v • patiier
far in advance of other methods Xe R V v f. at "i
J. S. Hook, Jefferson City, »•• »«"»• i
have used your antiseptic treatment ami co n>
slder It the We plus ultra" "I n '. V 1!,! 1 ,-; T .
Call or address at once for FRKE ".i.ai
mi: xt,
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel"
' Hours, 9-11' a. m.. 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
X CO
Bee brand Ceylon tea took the
gold medal at Omaha in 1898
The Bee brand gardens have the
contract for supplying; the English
Navy with Tea
SPECIAL SAVIINGJSALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Vigor chocolate— Hmmcaiat 50c
regularly 60c lb
The great German health chocolate
gives vigor and strength
Lucca oil— g b& Co 50c
fcfc regularly 55c bottle
The best Italian olive oil
Sardines— Lazeran 20c and 25c
fcj. regularly 25c and 30c for is and }s
French boneless — good oil
You shouldn't pay 35c for same
grade 4 tins
Baby pim-olas > 3 bottles 50c
reg'ly 20c bottle— small olives
pitted and stuffed with sweet red
peppers
Laundry soap— Home- 7 bars 25c
regularly 6 for 25c
You should be careful about wash-
ing clothes— use only good soap
Ginger— Crosse & Blackwdl 30c
regularly 35c jar— preserved
An appetising sweet meat
Pine apple-whoie 20c
v regularly 25c tin 3 lb— Singapore
Xi"; A delightful change for dessert
• Curry ' 20Z15C
Venca tach m
Makes ordinary stew taste rich
makes Creole rice and spring lamb
taste fine
Mineral waters— Vartray ${ 10
regularly $1 25 dozen
Ginger ale— sarsaparilla— soda
Hct weather drinks— health drinks
Finnan haddies 15c
regularly 20c tin
Here's a treat in summer
I Whiskey— Scotch and Irish DC L
rich— oily whiskies— old and mellow
Highland Club reg'ly $1 bot Qe -_
KillyCroy " l »-c»C
Caledonian reg'ly $1 35 bot $1 10
Dilute with Vartray Soda
Mustard — prepared 15c
regularly 20c bottle French
Nearly every body likes good mustard
Hair brushes— reg'iy 50c 40c
Who would use an old brush when a
new one may be had at such a price
Garden set— 35c 25c
rake hoe and spade— for
chMdren to play with and for flower
gardening— three foot handles
We are shipping to the country
Send postal for June catalogue
4»* Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Franc!»t»
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
IA/. X. HESS,
HOTABY PCBLIO AND ATTORNEY-IT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus t&preclcela Bldf
• • • . Telephone Brown 931. *
- Residence, 821 California at., below Pow*U_
, Ban FrancUco. ; : -.....:. v. -.■.-.;. ,;-„""■