VOLUME LXXXYI-XO 101.
GREAT BRITAIN WILL SEND
MORE TROOPS TO SOUTH AFRICA
But the Prospect of a Peaceable Settlement of the Con
troversy With Boers Now Seems Much
Brighter.
It is Bituated on a branch of the T'mjini, near the Transvaal border. A regiment of British infantry is stationed
cently I n made for the establishment of a permanent camp for the concentration and maneu
cture Is fp.ni a sketch made by J. Harrington several years since.
LONDON, Sept. B.— The Anglo-
Transvaal situation wears to-day
a more peaceful aspect. The As
sociated Press account of the
decisions taken at the . Cabinet
Council Friday is confirmed from the
best sources of information. In adai
tion to the troops from India a brigade
of four battalions of infantry is under
orders to start for South Africa imme
diately, one from home and three from
Mediterranean stations. The sailing :
•if the Castle liner Harleeh Castle has
teen, canceled and the steamer will
probably be employed to transport Brit
ish troops.
A semi-official statement comes from
Pretoria through Cape Town to the
C'lTect that the Transvaal Government
has explained to the British diplomatic
agent. Mr. Conyngham Greene, that its
last dispatch was meant as an accept
ance of the proposed joint inquiry into
the franchise question. It appears
that the negotiations had become so in
volved that the Transvaal Government
itself had become confused or, perhaps
for its own purposes, wished to ap
pear so.
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Daily Chronicle says:
"It was the Transvaal attitude re
garding the suzerainty question that
caused the Afrikander leaders in Cape
Colony and the Orange Free State to
col off promptly. The Transvaal has
row resumed a practical tone and the
Afrikanders are exerting a supreme ef»
fort to expedite a settlement."
The Daily Chronicle avers that Lord
Salisbury's moderating influence was
felt throughout the council. This is ex
ceedingly probable, but in any case the
Cabinet was unanimous In favor of .Mr.
Chamberlain sending a strong dispatch
demanding a categorical answer to the
proposals Sir Alfred Mil her submitted
to the Bloemfontein conference.
The Times thinks "something more
than this might have been demanded,
but the Cabinet's decision meets with
universal approval; and pending devel
opments nothing further will be done."
PRETORIA, Sept ?,.— (Midnight)
The Government has issued a formal
announcement that its last dispatch
v as Intended as an acceptance of the,
Joint inquiry. The mistaken interpre
tation arose through a confusion of
ideas.
Both President ETruger and Vice Pr?s-
Joubeti declare tl . c de
: -rk for a , ettle
rr.ent.
BRITISH CABINET
CONSIDERS CRISIS
LONDON, Sept. S.— The Cabinet
Council here to-day attracted greater
public attention than any meeting of
the Ministers for years pasr. A well
dressed crowd of 2000 to 3000 people im
patiently thronged the precincts of the
UNCLE S AM WILL
REMAIN NEUTRAL
° CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHING- O
O TON, f-ept. 3.— Because of the large number of Americans employed in Q
O tho Transvaal the authority are closely watching developments in q
O the diplomatic engagement between the London Government and Presl- Q
& dent ICru^er. Considerable effort is being made to secure the interfer- Q
o <■■■'■■ 01 thio Government, but beyond an Intention to be strictly neutral
Z. and at the tmrne time fully protect Americans and their interests, the "
° authorities do not propose to go. It is true there are about 2000 Amerl- ©
© cans In the Transvaal, but practically all are in the employ of British Q
© mine-owner*. Few Americans have any interest in mines. As has been Q
O Stated, the administration naturally sympathizes with the efforts of g
o Great Britain to secure Jufi*>f for the Outlandern, but It has no inten- O
o lion Of Interfering in ar^ay, especially as the British Government O
* »eemn- determined to either compel the Transvaal to comply with its q
X demands or to annex territory. The report that American Consuls in Q
° Germany had reported that the Boers had purchased large quantities
O of arms in that country in denied by State Department officials. q
8000000000000000 000 00000000000 00 0
TOWN OF LADY SMITH, NATAL.
Ign Office throughout the session,
rly scrutinizing the faces of those
.■. in the h< ■{ f ob
taming a glimmering of the. outcome of
the- momentous meeting. The generals
wen- enthusiastically cheered as they
appeared, the crowd evidently under
standing '.hat they had bf-en summoned
to be in readiness in the event of the
Ministers wishing their advice.
Mr. Chamberlain, th<- Secretary of
State for the Colonies, and thi> Karl "f
Selbourne, :h»- Under Secretary, were
irrivais among the officials
a;,d were followed by Field Marshal
S . the commander in chief
i -f the- army; General Sir Redvers Bull
er, who. it [ a said, will have the field
mand in the »-v.-nt >>:' a war with
the Transvaal, and General Sir Evelyn
' Wood, adjutant general.
\ The arrival of Lord Salisbury, the
Premier, was the signal f<vr tremendous
cheering. »Xt came th- Duke <~<f Dev
onshii . the Lord President of the lo
cal Government Board, and the Earl of
tury, the Lord High Chancellor,
who passed unnoticed. As showing- the
importance of th» meeting of the Coun
cil Under Secretaries Wynham of the
War Departmeni and Broderick of the
Ign Office were summoned to at-
I
The Ministers came out arm in arm.
laughing, chatting, greatly contrasting
with the manner in which they went in.
Lord Salisbury again received an ova- i
tion.
The council was marked by absolute !
Imlty, and in spite of a lack of
official information and the presence of
much corroborative evidence that the
situation Is scarcely less strained there !
■ signs >t any intention to convene
lament and no Immediate n
to call i ''it t he reserves. It
lowever, that the appeals
from the <>< vernment of Natal will re
sult in th*- dispatch of a large body of
troops from England and India to Natal
: a rid ' 'ape ( !olony.
THIS DISPATCH GIVES
MOST WARLIKE NEWS
LONDON, Sept S A special dispatch
received here to-day from Lady Smith,
Natal, sayß thai the British troops
there are actively engaged in ma
rs ovei the hilly country, suose
quent to a parade of the force ''<>n
tinuing, the dispatch says: "With the
transportation and equipment, tip
lir: •■• s t ever seen In South Africa, rind
the health of the men i xcellent, every
thing in ready for war. All thi> advices
confirm the presence of a large number
i if armed Boers on the border. They
are described as being bellicose, and it
is rumored tha' they have completed
arrangements to poison all pools and
springs that might Bupply the invading
force with water. Unrest is reported
among the Natal natives, and this, it
is suspected, is due to Boer Influences."
SIGNIFICANT MOVES
OF THE BRITISH TROOPS
BOMBAY, Sept. B.— The Nineteenth
Hussars and the Twenty-first Field
Battery of Artillery have been ordered
S
|to leave Seeunderabad for the Trans
, vaal September 18.
LONDON, Sept. S.— Sir William
Francis Butler, who was recently re
lieved as commander of the British
troops in South Africa by Sir General
Frederick Forestier Walker, arrived in
this city to-day. He reported at the
j War Office and was consulted in regard
to the situation in South Africa.
The Times in its special edition to
; day published a dispatch from Mafe
king which said: Colonel Baden-Powell
win review the troops at Slamathla
bama to-morrow. Large numbers of
B era are moving: about the border near
there. There is uneasiness over the
i number of Transvaal Dutch here. It
is feared they might join the invaders
! in case of a raid.
The correspondent of the Times at
Newcastle, Natal, says: "There would
, be little surprise here if th>- Boers as-
I sumed the aggressive immediately. It is
a matter of astonishment that so few
British troops are in the country, espe
cially on the western border."
NOT AN ULTIMATUM,
BUT VERY NEAR IT
LONDON, Sept. B.— The Pall Mall
I Gazette says: "No official account has
been Issued of to-day's «'abinet meet
: ing, and it is highly improbable that
one will be permitted to appear. From
authoritative sources we are in a po
i sition to state with what we believe to
be substantial accuracy the result of
their momentous deliberations. There
is every reason to believe Mr. Chamber
lain's dispatch was found to contain a
telling exposition of the British case.
with a point-blank refusal to entertain
, the Boer proposal that England should
: relinquish suzerainty over the Trans
vaal and a pertinent reminder that the
offer of a joint Inquiry into the fran
chise proposals cannot remain open in-
Itely. Though not an ultimatum in
form the dispatch will lie one in effect.
since it may be expected to contain a
strong hint that no answer will be ac
cepted which is evasive or unfavorable
; in any essential condition."
PRUDENCE URGED
BY THE VOLKSRAAD
PRETORIA, Sept. 8.- In the First
Raad this morning debate was resum-
Ed "ii the interpellation of th^ Govern
ment respecting the concentration of
British troops "n the border and the
stoppage of ammunition consigned to
' the Transvaal. The House adjourned
: shortly before noon, after adopting
unanimously the following resolution:
The Volksraa'd, having considered that
friendlj correspondence is still passing be
tween the Governments, that the concen
tration of troopa In great numbers near
the border has a detrimental and restless
eff< d on the inhabitants <>f the State and
, that the Transvaal lias lived In frlend-
I Bhip and peace with all nations and de
; sires to continue to live in such friendship
and peace, now declares its regrel at the
facl concentration and expresses the
opinion thai in the case of eventualities
which might lead to enmity or war be
tween t lit- two Governments the cause
would no! li<- with the republic. As re
gards the stoppage of ammunition at Del
agoa Bay, the volksraad trusts that the
I Government ■will act according to circum
stances. Thf Raad further resolves to
drop the matter of the concentration of
troops on the border for the present until
tli-' Government shall sunnly further mi
i formation to th* 1 Raad. although the Infor-
S mation obtained is unsatisfactory. Never
: thelesa and with a view to the results of
i the negotiations which are pending, the
Raad declares itself determined In the
I meantime to maintain the rights and in
dependence of th< republic.
In the course of the debate several
j speakers ad .-orated a policy of prud
ence and moderation.
ORANGE FREE STAT
TO DECIDE BY VOTE
LONDON. Sept. B.— The Tape Town
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
There is no doubt that Mr. Schreiner
(the Cape Premier) and the Afrikand
ers' leaders have thrown in their lot
with Sir Alfred Milner and this fact
excites the irritation displayed in the
Volksraad debate on the interpellations.
It is reported from Dloemfontein that
a ballot will be taken there and throuch
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1899.
SAYS QUEEN WILL
NOT PERMIT WAR
♦ ■■■ -4
-4 LONDON", Sept. B.— Mon- 4
4. tague White, the Consul Gen- 4
4- eral of the -South African Re- +
>■ public in London, said to a 4
4- representative of the Associ- +
4 ated Press this evening: • 4
4- "I assure you on the au-* 4
-4 thority of a Cabinet Minister 4
■♦- that there will be no war with 4
-- the;. Transvaal. In fact the 4
■♦■ Queen will not permit war. I 4
■♦■ received a telegram from Pre- 4
♦ toria to-day assuring me that 4
•♦■ the Transvaal Government 4
♦ quite understands the position +
"♦- . regarding the peace party in +
i "*" j England and is in no wise •♦■
"♦" misled by speeches or demon- ■♦■
"*" strations." ■♦"
>-■-:.. 4
-4-444444 4 444- 4-4-4
out the Orange Free State to decide
whether the Government shall remain
neutral or shall assist the Transvaal.
According to a dispatch to the Dally
Mail from Brussels, Dr. W. J. Leydes,
the plenipotentiary of the South Afri
can Republic to the European Govern
ment, does not believe there will he
war befveen Great Britain and the
Transvaal, but the Boers will fight to
the end, he says. If an attempt is made
on their independence.
STRENGTH OF ENGLAND'S
EXPEDITIONARY FORCE
LONDON. Pent. 8. — The total
strength of the expeditionary force to
be sent from England to South Africa
in case of hostilities is said to be be
tween 80,000 and 40,000 men, a large
portion of whom would be employed
protecting the lines of communication
and guarding isolated attacks along the
f rentier.
APPEAL TO VICTORIA
TO PRESERVE PEACE
AMSTERDAM. Sept S.— The mem
bers of th< Dutch Transvaal Commit-
I tee have cabled to Queen Victoria im
ploring her "in the name of humanity
and God's kingdom to preserve the
peace."
SPANIARDS NOT SAFE
IN CITY OF HAVANA
Severe Charges Against the Local
Government by a Journal at
the Capital.
HAVANA, Sept. The Diario de la
Mariana editorially to-day says:
"Matters are going from bad to worse.
I ' r, 1 1 recently only in the interior was the
lift* >f a Spaniard unsafe. Now Havana
is coming the seat of outrages against
Spaniards. Recently a squad of Cubans
i: w-.f forms used recently in the rebellion
asiiijj' to hide in- the house of • a friend,
in the heart of Havana the fugitive man
agalng to hide in the house- of a friend,
whence he was lodged in the consulate
before being sent to Spain."
The paper then quoted the case of Gen
eral Camecho. the Spaniard who was res
cued from lynching by the custom-house
guard and taken to a hospital, covered
with wounds, and asks why the police are
never at hand, adding: "If such outrages
occur when people are protected by the
bayonets of the intervening Government,
what would happen if these should go?"
A commission has sailed for the United
States to engage masons and laborers to
take the place of the native workmen who
are now on strike.
*
Charges Mnde by the Crew of a
British Ship.
TACOMA, Sept. 8.- Four seamen of the
British ship Fortevlot, which recently ar
rived from the West • oast of Africa, have
charged Captain Gllmour with inhuman
treatment while «>n the high seas and
have libeled the vessel for wages. The
ship is i ow in the- hands of the United
States Marshal.
BELGRADE, Sept. B.— lt is announced
that Prefect Andjellc, one ol those ac
cused of attempting to assassinate King
Milan, hanged himself in his prison cell
to-day.
I NUMANLY TREATED.
Andjslic Commits Suicide.
MAJO -GENERAL LORD
METHUEN,
Who will be chief of staff of the
British forces in South Africa in
case of war
IT IS NOW PREDICTED
THAT DREYFUS WILL BE CONVICTED
But the Officer Accused of
Treason Is Confident of
Being Found Innocent.
Demange Makes a Telling
Plea.
RENNES, Sept. 8. — Dreyfus and
his wife are confident that the verdict
wili be acquittal. Acquittal is to
them a matter of course. They are
already discussing plans for their de
parture. As for Mme. Dreyfus, she
came from the prison earlier than
usual this afternoon, calmly talking
to her brother-in-law Mathieu. No
traces of tears were on her face nor
emotion in her manner.
RENNES, September 8. — That
Captain Dreyfus will be con
demned is the almost universal
opinion heard in Rennes to
night. Hitherto there had al
ways been a divergence, but now both
camps, the Dreyfusards and the anti-
Dreyfusards. seem unanimous in the
conviction that the verdict will go
against him.
Upon just what this is based and the
precise reason for the conclusion are a
I mystt y, but there is no disguising the
fact that from M. Labori down to the
numerous Dreyfusards who crowd the
hotels and cafes and who last night
were still hopeful that Dreyfus would
be saved, all seem now to agree that
his last chance is gone.
The one source of hope is M. Labori
himself, who. said this evening to the
correspondent of the Associated Press:
"We fear Captain Dreyfus will be
condemend, but we do not intend to
throw up the sponge. We shall go on
fighting for him."
M. Jaures, the Socialist leader, and
other prominent Dreyfusards expressed
a similar opinion. Excitement is at a
fever heat and nothing is discussed but
the verdict of to-morrow.
The military precautions are of the
most elaborate character and no at
tempt at disorder is likely to have the
slightest success. Orders have been is
sud to repress the first symptom of
trouble with an iron hand.
A small anti-Semitic meeting was
held here this evening and the complete
calm that attended it is an indication
lof a quiet day to-morrow. A strong
force of gendarmes guarded the ap
proaches to the building where the
meeting was held and their orders were
to arrest the first man who raised a
seditious cry. Nothing, however, oc
curred. Indeed, the inhabitants of the
town seem indifferent and the neigh
borhood of the Lycee and the prison is
deserted, save for a few gendarmes.
The news of the publication of Count
yon Bulow's speech in the Reich
sanzeiger reached Hermes to-day and
is considered very important on the eve
of a verdict, which, in some quarters,
it is thought, will be regarded as a
slight by Germany if it be a condemna
tion, as being tantamount to a public
refusal to take the word of Empemr
William, as his Minister is merely his
mouthpiece.
According to the latest report, the
verdict may be delivered between 3
and 4 o'clock to-morrow afternoon, the
court adjoining after M. Demange's
speech until 3 o'clock.
There is some criticism of M. Labori's
decision noi to speak, the friends of M.
Demange thinking it his object to
escape bis share <>f the responsibility
in the event nf a verdict of condemna
tion. M. Demango. having once seen
Dreyfus conde~ined under his ad
vocacy, would naturally like M. Labori
to share the criticism this time, espe
cially as M. Labori has assumed- such
a prominent part in \h^ proceedings.
DEMANGE'S POWERFUL
PLEA FOR DREYFUS
RENNBS, Sept. B.— The hall nf the Ly
cee was crowded this morning at the
opening nf the fifth day of the fifth week
of the second trial by court-martial of
Captain Alfred Dreyfus of the artillery,
Charged with treason. Thr-re \v;:s a large
attendance (if ladies and newspaper writ
ers, who sat up all night in order to se
cure front places. At an early hour a
long line was formed of people awaiting
admission. Standing room at the hack of
the court now commands 15 and 20 francs,
and the demand is increasing as the trial
approaches its end.
Among Ihe privileged spectators to-day
was Baron Russell of Kilo ween, Lord
Chief Justice of England, who was con
ducted to a seat by General Chamoin and
M. Paleologueof the French Foreign Office.
The Lord Chief Justice was seated at the
back of the Judges' table. He came here
from Paris, where he wa» attending the
session of the Anglo- Venezuelan bound
ary arbitration commission, In order to
see something of the trial.
Maitre Detnange at once opened his
speech for the defense. In eloquent terms
and with Impressive delivery he. brought
out strong evidence against Esterhaxy.
During the oourse of his remarks he
cried .
"Do you think if Dreyfus and Ester
hazy had been before the court-martial of
1894 that the court would have condemned
Captain Dreyfus?"
As he asked this question counsel point
ed to the prisoner sitting by him and
added "No!"
"However .solemn the occasion may be. '
SaM Demange. "I must at the outset pro
test with all my soul against the allega
tion which one of the witnesses did not
shrink from uttering. This witness did
not hesitate to declare that whoever ad
vocated the revision of this case — that is
to say, whoever believed in the innocence
of I)rcyfus--was working against the
army and against the country. I here de
clare that he does not know me and that
he does not know BCaitre Lahori. Neither
M. Labori nor myself would be here If
these statements were true. Let me tell
you simply this: The day on which, amid
the shock of furious political passions, I
saw let lonsi over our country this ter
n of madness, when I saw everything
had learned to revere and love since
childhood imperiled. I. a Frenchman, the
son .of a soldier, endured every torture.
When I turn my eyes toward Devils
Island, where was burled alive one who
from the bottom of my heart I believed
to be a martyr, I began to wonder if di
vine justice had not abandoned him. Since
then I have recovered. 1 have hearkened
M. DEMANGE ADDRESSES THE COURT.
Most eloquent was the plea made by this note. 1 , champion of Dreyfus at
Rennes yesterday. M. Labori, chief counsel for the accused artillery captain,
has refused to address the court-martial.
to the voice of my conscience and pursued
an undeviating course, free from anger
and passion, not heeding hatred or preju
dice. I have done my duty. You will do
yours, which is to mete out justice.
Continuing. M. Demange said he wished
to clearly define the prisoner's position,
saying:
"When the case of the revision began
| Dreyfus was a convict and serious pre
! sumptions of his innocence- were neces- j
j sary before the case could be taken up j
!by "the Court of Ca&sation. To-day it is |
for the public prosecutor to prove his j
guilt. I>et no one hlam« us. therefore. \
1 if we have not proved the innocence of
our client The task was not incumbent
upon us. It is for the Government com
missioner to show that he is guilty of
the abominahle crime imputed to him."
M. Demange then protested against the i
suggestion that It had been attempted to i
put Esterhazy on trial, explaining that I
all the defense desired was that the inno- i
cence of Dreyfus should appear, dazzling '
and complete, and that the court-martial
should proclaim it. Counsel was satis
fied that the judges of 1594 were honest,
like the present judges. But if the for
mer h,id seen Esterhazy's handwriting [
they would have pronounced a different j
verdict. M. Demange dilated upon the
prisoner's increasing protestations of in- \
nocence and his touching letters to his ;
family, exclaiming: "In them you see j
his soul, which speaks. Alone in his
tomb he communes with himself. He
cherished the hope of seeing his inno- i
cence acknowledged."
Among the letters of Dreyfus read hy i
M. Demange was nn^ in which, after
asserting his innocence and declaring be
always served the tri-color with devo
tion and honor, the prisoner complainedJ
that he was treated on Devils Island like
an ordinary convict. It concluded with !
the words "I wish to live."
"That is a soldier's soul!" exclaimed M. !
Demange, "and it is that man you call I
a traitor. It is that man who in your
presence restrained his sobs and his <
emotion. Ah. gentlemen. 1 would rather j
defend guilty men who are clever dissem
blers than an innocent man who is too
sincere."
' Other letters of the prisoner were read,
all breathing the same desire, to live to
see his honor disclosed, though the writer
was broken down in health and spirit
One letter, written in 1897, appeals to Gen
eral de Boisdeffre to lend his generous
aid in securing for the writer restoration
to the liberty of which he had been i
robbed.
Writing to his brother the prisoner said:
"While one or more scoundrels are walk
ing free it would be a happy release for
me to die. but it would be a disgra<
Lucille and my children."
In this letter the writer urged his !
brother tn find ths culprits, while care
fully protecting the interests of the coun
try.
"Is not that the cry of an innocent
man?" asked M. Demange. "Yet though
General de Boisdeffre received the letter
he did not forward it to Mathieu Drey- :
fus. j
"Five Ministers of War." said M. De- : 1
mange, "pronounced Dreyfus guilty while i
admitting it was Impossible to produce i
proofs. General de Boisdeffre, General
Gonse and General Roget also affirmed
their belief in his guilt. But, happily, . I
they stated reasons, and instead of proofs i I
only accumulated presumptions."
Concluding his examinations of the I
secret dossier. M. Demange remarked
that he felt compelled to refer to tl
documents emanating from foreigners, as
General Mereier relied upon them to sup
port the guilt of Dreyfus. The state
ments of the military attaches thaf they
had no relations with Dreyfus had been
confirmed hy the statement of the Mm« '
ister in the Reichstag, who could not have I
been deceived by his attache at Paris. 1
"I have finished." said M. Demange, (
"my examination of the secret dossier. «
All France knows the worthlessness of '
its contents. Yet it is owing to it that
the country has l>< ■:: distracted for i <
months, and it has been thought that I t
there were documents and proofs m it ■
which might bring France to blows with <
a neighboring power. You are now ac- i
quainted with it. The secret dossier has \
1. en exploded. You will pardon me the i
loss of time I have imposed upon you. I l
GERMANY DECLARES
DREYFUS INNOCENT
O BERLIN. Sept. B.— The Reichsanzeiger this evening, in the official
O portion of the paper, publishes the following statement:
Q "We are authorized to repeat herewith the declaration which the ©
q Imperial Government, whiie loyally observing: the reserve demanded in O
q regard to the internal matters of another country, ha? made concerning O
the French captain, Dreyfus. For the preservation of his own dignity q
*^ and the fulfillment of a duty to humanity, Prince Munster, after obtain- q
O ing the orders of the Emperor, repeatedly made in December, 1594, and
© in January, IS9. r ,, to M. Hanotaux, M. Dupuy and M. Casimir-Perier, dec- ©
© larations to the effect that the Imperial Embassy in France never ©
q maintained either directly cr indirectly any relations with Dreyfus. O
q "Secretary -of State yon Buelow, in the Reichstag, January 2S, IS9B, ©
_ made the following statement: "I declare Is the most positive manner q
*f that no relations or connections of any kind ever existed between the q
© French ex-captain, Dreyfus, now en Devils Island, and any German ft
O agent.' "
O O
OOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
will now take up the circumstantial evi
dence."
A brief adjournment of the court was
here announced.
Counsel was warmly applauded as he
took his seat. .: ; : ■-'
On the resumption of the session M.
Demange discussed the circumstantial ev
idence adduced in 1894. He said the per
turbation of Dreyfus at the dictation
scene had nothing to do with producing
the idea of guilt in the minds of those
present. Colonel Dv Paty de Clam, M.
Cochefort and M. Gribelin were all con
vinced beforehand of his guilt, as a re
sult of his evidence, which they consid
ered unimpeachable, so much so that they
wished Dreyfus to blow out his brains,
but Dreyfus declined because he was in
nocent. -;'•'.
M Demange successfully showed, the
hollow ness «■: the stories of Mathieu Drey
fus' attempt to corrupt Colonel Sandherr,
the late Lieutenant Colonel Henry's the
atrical denunciation of Dreyfus as a
traitor at the court-martial of 1894 and the
reports of the detectives. He pointed out
how the prosecution had advanced as
proof the alleged statements of Individ
uals who were not in any War Office, but
whom they carefully abstained from pro
ducing for examination, especially in the
welling up on Henry's statement in 1894,
which has since been admitted to be false,
thai a certain War Office employe in
formed him that Dreyfus was the culprit.
M. Bemange then showed the emptiness
of the gambling and libertine charges
against the prisoner and said the simplest
act of Dreyfus was misconstrued, even his
legitimate desire to obtain knowledge be
ing Imputed as a crime. "Could a spy
have maintained the haughty demeanor
Dreyfus always wed toward his com
rades?" asked Demange.
After demonstrating the falsity of the evi
dence of M. Beaurepaire's witnesses- Muel
ler. Dubrieul. Villon and Cernuschi — counsel
said the only proof left was the bordereau.
Who could "have sent it? Who wrote it?
Complete light could only be shed on it
by the production of the notes enumerated
in the bordereau. This had been said by
General Zurlinden himself. But counsel
asked the court to remember that the ref
erence to those notes that all General de
Love could say was that it was not im
possible that Dreyfus might have pos
sessed them. This was all he could say
when it was a question of high treason.
M. Demange added: "You will not find
this phrase in the mouth of a witness en
titled to your respect, and it is on the
strength of such a statement that Dreyfus
is to be proved guilty. I will not attempt
to obtain such light on documents, but
since theories have been promulgated I
will suggest one. I will seek to show that
you must even put aside technical value
of the bordereau and the last effort of the
prosecution. I will seek to combat the cir
cumstantial evidence it has Invoked."
At the reouest of M. Demange the court
nt this juncture adjourned until to-mor
row. " •
The announcement was made this after
noon that the verdict of the court-martial
will be rendered to-morrow. M. T.ibori
foregoes the right to speak for the defense
lest by doing so he irritate the judges and
destroy the good effect .hoped for by the
speech of M. Demange.
The court therefore will deliberate on
the conclusion of M. Demange's speech
and judgment will probably be delivered
hofnrt> nnnn
FRIENDS OF DREYFUS
ARE LOSING HOPE
NEW YORK. Sept. B.— A Sun cable
from Remits says: A strange panic seems
to have seized the Dreyfus party this
afternoon. Kven M. Jaures, the Socialist
leader, who has l» •■••n the most prominent
champion of Dreyfus at Rennes. now
says there is no hope for the prisoner's
a< (initial.
M. Chanoine. who is here ,-ts the cus
todian of the secret dossier, telegraphed
to General de Gallifet, the Minister of
War. yesterday that he believed the ver
dict would be unanimous for condemna
tion of the prisoner and that the court
would probably disregard the Govern
ment request not to rendi r a verdict be
fore Monday. To-day M. Chanoine tele2
BOY SHOT AND KILLED
BY A DRUNKEN INDIAN
If the Man Who Sold -the Liquor Is
Found He Will Probably Be
Lynched.
n PARSON, Sept. B.— An Indian known as "Pete" shot and killed "Wil- £ j
Ham Darigbe'rg; the son of a prominent rancher at Gardenville, yester- £ j
O day Dangberg heard a auarrel going on in his father's kitchen be ft
8S tweeti a Chinese cook and Indian Pete. The boy ordered the Indian 0
O out of the house. As he turned to rto ho shot Dangberg through the right £ ;
S eve with a pistol, killing him Instantly. £;
? ' The Indian escaped and a posse is now after him. Orders have been Oi
O issued to capture him alive if possible but to shoot him down if he re- 88
V sista Pete was drunk at the time of the shooting. If the party selling »
S Hquot is found he will probably be lynched, as the excitement is intense, g
Ct«SOSOKOB2O c .o%v'.o'.o%v%o%o».o\ov:'\v%o\o',o%o'.c>%o«iO%o # .v
graphed that the effect of M. Demunge s
plea was so great that probably one or | j
two of the Judges would vote In favor of
Dreyfus: but condemnation was still cer
tain in his opinion. This is the prevail
ing opinion at Rennes; but there is abso- -
lutely no definite Information on which
to base it. M. Jaures says with char- |
acteristic emphasis: „„.., , c ■
-We will turn France upside down if i
SSISSfSS an important i |
article on the rUlt of the verdict of the ; I
Rennes court-martial. In the event of
acoMittal it Bays the Dreyfusites will not ,
prSve^revenieful. Should Drey us be
convicted his partisans! will B|fW«o«the.
last, while the triumphant Nal,<<r.a!iM> I
will trample upon the republic, and
France will be discredited in the eyes of
the whole civilized world and once more
plunged into the miseries of civil war.
ENTERTAINED THE
OLYMIA' CREW
Guests of General Slade ;
at Gibraltar. *
♦
i
Special Dispatch to The Call. t
GIBRALTAR. Sept. S.— Major General P
Slade, the officer commanding the artil- , °
I. rv liens and the other officers stationed "
at this port yesterday entertained the of- , s
llccrs of the United States cruiser Olym- | ■
pia at dinner. The usual toasts were i i
drunk and it was altogether a brilliant
affair. Admiral Dcwey was not present. ,
To-day Admiral Dewey inspected the i
United States training ships Saratoga and , l
when r
. . . sailed ,
£&^£Afe &?£& ■i j }
Dewey: brother of Admiral Dewej v.ill go ■ «
to the celebration ? ttendinp the arrival ,
of the admiral In New York. Eight or , r
ten oth«.r relatives of the aamiral wi.i , r
also be present on the occasion. I d
BRYAN COMMENTS UPON
ACTIN O INDIA
RENO, New. Sept. S.— William Jennings !
Bryan came down on tofnight's Virginia j
and Truckee train. He was asked con- j
crrning to-day's press dispatch from Sim- ■
la In regard to the adoption of the gold
standard In India.
"I have not had time to read the. dis
patch carefully." said Mr. Bryan, "but i
as I understand it the people of India ,
have nothing to do with the closing of ,
the mint. All such action is taken by the
'\fr Bryan seemed inclined to doubt the j
authenticity of the report and a copy of
it was shown him. whet; he remarked:
"If it is true it simply goes to Illustrate
that under an Imperialistic policy Eng- ,
land runs the •• [nt In India altogether for ;
her own benefit and in no wise for the i
good of the people of India. Stlli. three
years ago n-e went to England for our
financial policy in order to get foreign
capital to come to us, and now we K<<
to England for a colonial poll In order
to find investment for our capital."
"What will be the effect of this
change?" Mr. Bryan was asked.
"It will affect the price of silver," he
replied.
"What effect will it have on the silver
question In this country?"
"if it has any effect it ought to be to
our advantage; because it shows ; hat we
should attend to our own business and
not turn our money matters over to Eng
land to handle for us."
When asked If it would not make it
much more difficult for this country to
adopt the free coinage of silver. Mr.
Bryan said: "No, we are amply able to
take ciire of our own affairs."
"Would it not all the sooner flood this
country with the liver of the world?"
"Let* it," Mr. Bryan replied. "We are
not likely to get too much silver for our
MODJESKA WILL NOT
ASSIST IN THE BENEFIT
Her Manager States That He Will
Not Permit Her to
Appear.
: OS ANGELES, Bept 8. Madamp Mod
jeßka will i it, contrary t<i all expecta
tions, participate In the benefit perform
■ next Friday night m the
Orpheum to r;iisi: funds for th<- Ivni'-
coming celebrai I ittery D, Heavy
Artlllerj'.
As ■ Countess will open her tour in
this city "ii Monday next,-the war board
ress would assist in
r:ii~:?it; a fund for the patriotic purpose.
11. r manager, John < '. Fisher, who to-day
arrived In this city with Modjeska, when
iewed stated In positive t.rnis that
was working very hard.
h>; would not permit her to appear, as
COLLISION ON MAIN
UNION PACIFIC LINE
Gravel Train Run Into by a Cali
fornia Fruit Special, but No
One Is Killed.
' CHKYENNE. Wyo., Sept. B.— A freight
wreck doing considerable damage to roll
log stock, occurred at Pine Bluff Station,
on the main line of the Union Pacific,
fifty miles' east of Cheyenne, about 7
o'clock this evening. An eastbound
gravel train on the main line was run into,
rear end, by a California fruit special,
throwing many cars from the track. No
person of either train crew was injured.
Two wrecking trains have gone from
Cheyenne and one from North Platte to
the scene.
♦
BIG MINING PURCHASE
English Syndicate Secures Property
in Colorado Worth $2,500,000.
DENVER. Sept. *.— A deal was closed
here to-day by which an English syndl
purchasea f"r tZJBOOJUM <-n?h the prop
erties nf th<- Big Five Mining Company
at \V:ird. Coin. The properties include
'he Nrwot, Dewdrop, Columbia and other
well -known gold producers.
The Sequoia Reappears.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. B.—
rhe first copy of the Stanford Sequoia for
the collegiate year of l*«M/>. was issued
this evening. A new and artistic cover
Jesi»jn by Koj?*r Sterritt, '02. is a notice
able feature. One of the returned volun
teers Robert W. HarfwHl. appears a*
acting editor, and G. C. Morris as Imsl
ness manasrer.
Woodland Witlwmt Gas
! WOODLAND. Sept. S,— TVoodUuxl -was
■without gas on Wednewla;' nlgtit and
there will be none to-nJ£ht, ca account of
the failure to arrive of live fixtare* n*ce»
sary to repair the planJ, Am auapie tmpplr
Is promi*£ia not later -: liaJß -to-jnorxov
jKioriiliic.
ANACONDA WINS
EASILY AT THE
EMPIRE TRACK
In the 2:05 Pace the California
Horse Makes a New Record
for Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. S. — Threatening 1
weather-somewhat Interfered with the at- j
tendance at the last day's racing at the
Empire City Trotting Club track. Every
one of the 5000 present was rewarded for
braving the prospect for a poor day, as
the Bun came out, and the best day's rac-
Ing of the week was on the card.
The opening event was the 2:10 pacing I
Class; for a purse of 5000, and in spite of
the fact that Hal B was considered invin- j
,■■;:.!, ten other starters lined up for the
word. The favorite sold at $50 to $25 for
the field. lie spr< :■■ agled the field in
both heats, winning with plenty of re
serve.
The 2:10 trot brought out a high-class
field for the word. Monterey Bold for $50,
Louise Mac $r.O and the field $50. Louise
Mac got away first for the opening heat
and won all the way. with Gayton in close
attendance. Gayton came back for the
second heat, and after the quarter found
no particular trouble in winning handily
in 2:09>4: It was all Gayton in the :hird j
and deciding heat. .
There was strong betting on the 2:03
pace, with Anaconda favorite at $50 t) ?35
for the field. The starters came out for
the first heat, and the heat of the meeting
was witnessed. Anaconda went to the
front at the word. Lady of the Manor
second; Roan Wilkes third. They raced
in this order to the last turn, where Geers
moved ip with Lady of the Manor. She
responded nobly; and in a neck-and-neek
drive Anaconda took the heat In 2:03%; a
new mark for the California pacer. The
field got the word quickly for the second
heat. As they started Lady of the Manor
broke badly, and Anaconda won the heat
and the race. Results:
2;in clnss pacing, -m three, purse $sfflfl —
Hal B. won In straight heats. Time, 2:06%.
2-Cl'i Eyelet second. Hydrogen third, Moth
niiller. Split Silk. LUtle Thorn. Flirt, The
Maid, Slavonic. Free Bond and Honta's Crooke
nlxj smarted.
2:in lass, trotting, two in three, purf=e $2000—
Gayton won second and thin! heats Time.
2:O9Vi, 2:10%. Louise Mac won first heat In
2:o9%*and was second; Success third. Queechy,
Battteton, Monterey and l>r>!l>> J. also started.
2:f's claF«, pacing, two in three, purst $200n—
Anaconda won In straight heats. Time, 2:i"O'~;.
2:07; Roai VVilkes second, Lady of the Manor
third. B*<=sle Bonehlil plso started.
Krco-f<-r-all trotting, two In three. r'Jrso
$2"CO— The Abbott won in straight heats. Time,
2:09*,, ;:ffii 4 ; John Nolan second. No others.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8. — The feature
of the day at Sheepshead was the two
year-old race over the Futurity distance,
which attracted a field of high-class
youngsters. Gonfalon was made an odds
on favorite, with Hindus a well-backed
second choice. Neither was in at tl-e
finish, however, as Sadduccee, at 10 to l.
and Kilmarnock, a promising co!t from
Maddens stable, ran a sensational dead
h«-at in fast time. The purse was divided.
Results:
Five rurlonKß, selling Hespei won. Angel
second. Gold Lock third. Time, 1:02 1-5.
One milf — Rush won. Lothario second, Leo
Planter third Time, 1:42.
Six furlong*. selling— Abuse won, Kilt sec
ond. Tabouret third. Time, 1:15.
Mile and a furlong— Azucena won. Swlftmas
second. Maid of Harlem third. Time, 1:54 4-5.
Futurity course— - loccee and Kilmarnock
dead heat, Mauvilla third. Time. 1:10 2-5.
One and one-half miles on turf— The Star of
Bethlehem won, Maximo Gomez second, Spurs
third. Time, 2:35 4-5.
CHICAGO, Sept. B.— lt Is rare that a
racehorse wins his first brackets in a con
test at so long a route as a mile and a
quarter, yet that is what Tom Mlddleton
did to-day at Hawthorne. He is a three
year-old, a full brother to Flora Louise,
and belongs to T. P. Hayes. Bo well had
he worked that he was uacked for a Kill-
Ing and won galloping. Weather cloudy;
track heavy. Results:
Five furlongs— Orletta won, Fair American
second. Homer C. Davenport third. Time, 1:05.
Mile and a quarter— Tom Mlddleton won,
Kalmia second. Brown Dick third. Time, 2:16%.
Six furlongs— May Beach won. Golden Rule
second, Marion Bansom third. Time, 1:1814.
One mile, selling Silver Tone won, Racivan
second, Canaoe third. Time, 1.46 1 ;..
Six and one-half furlongs, selling— Lomond
won. Decoy second, Man of Honor third. Time,
1:16%.
One mile, selling— Moroni won, McCleary sec
,,ti,l Time AW third. Time I :47Vi.
EXCITING SCENES AT
INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION
Chairman Phillips and an Official of
the Standard Oil Company
Nearly Pass the Lie.
WASHINGTON, Sept. B.— At to-day's
session of the Industrial Commission an
animated controversy occurred between
Chairman Phlllipps of the commission and
J. D. Archbold of New York, vice presi
dent of the Standard Oil Company. Mr.
Archbolr 1 . was on the stand replying to
statements • made by J. D. Lee of the
United Pipe Company and other Indepen
dent companies. Referring to Mr. Lee's
statement that the Standard had made
advances to the Pipe Line Company with
a view to buying it out, Mr. Archbold
said:
"Any approaches on that line have come
from the other side," and he proceeded
to say that such advances had been made
not only by Lee, but by others connected
with the Independent lines, Including Mr.
Phillips.
"We have declined their offers." he said,
"because we considered them illegal; and,
: furthermore, because of our lack of faith
in the men from whom the proposition
came, having had previous experience
with them.".
In reply to Mr. Phillips he Bald he did
not claim that the propositions were "un
fair or unjust, but illegal." V-
Mr. Phillips attempted to make a state
: ment* at this point, but was cut off by the
| commission on the ground that he could
at any time take the stand in his own
behalf.
This special incident clo«ed here. Mr.
Archbold several times used the expres
sion, referring to Mr. Lee, who was pres
i ent in the commission's room, "the state
j ment is false, and you know It."
• ♦ .
St. Rose's Parish Picnic.
AOmißtfion nay has been chosen as tli«
] date- of the annual picnic and reunion oi
; St. Ho**'* parish. The affair will be hek
; In Shell Mound Park on account of It;
'. convenience to the city, Tb« commlttft
of arrangements has worked hard to mak<
lhls year's outing a grand success. Tht
j prizes are numerous rfnd of great value
* A fin*- band will bo In attendance at th<
park from ya. m. An Irish piper will at
tend to the ii'<-<iij of national dancer*! Th<
gam«» will besin promptly at 1 p,m,, arK
i every on« from th<r email boy \*, th« fa(
lady may enter th« list. The parish com
] -mitten of aiTarm*m<-nt« expects « Jaru<
TTIK SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. 1899.
METHODISTS ELECT
BUT ONE DELEGATE
Work of Selecting Representatives to the
General Conference Proceeds Siowly.
New Deacons Chosen.
REV. DR. THOMAS FILBEN,
treasurer of the California Conference, who has charge of the entortainmen
>f delegates to the conference and lay electoral conference at Pacific Grovt
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. B.— At last the
California Methodist Episcopal Confer-
t as arrived at the momentous busi
■■ , lecting d< !■ gates to the General .
Conference in Chicago next May, and
though great preparations were mail. .
i-ery litt!< was actually accomplished to
, v,.]\ one ballot was taken, owing
to lack of time before the adjournment
,f the session. Almost everj member of
,.. bod ' at !• ast on( vote, and
i gate. Dr. J. D. Hammond of
3an Francisco, was elected.
This conferenct Is entitled to five dele
gates, and from present indications ihe
•n.l of the session will be reached before
,H are elected. This conference is under
rdinarilj bea> s pressure of business
- likely ill' !■• ' ire to sit longer than
usual in disposing of everything. A busy
session was speni to-day, much in a dis
ciplinary way being gone through.
A 1 S a. m. thi nvened for ■
usual devotional Bervlce, after which Ri
a. c: CHbbons preached his lubilee ser
m "on Th« business session began it 9
with Bishop W. X. Ninde In the .hair.
and the first business was the examina
tion of the class of candidates for
con's orders. Tli^ following were passed
and elected dea< >n%, to I rd»ine,. by '
the Bishop on Sunday: Henry A. Atkin
son Alfred J. Case, Harry W. Baker,
John J. Pardee. Harr>' E. MHnes fotarq
Kudo <;. irge H Greenfield. Bishop Ninde
addressed them briefly on the duties and
responsibilities they are undertaking, out
lining the work of traveling deacons, and
asking them the required disciplinary
Ql r|v O A B .'c Bane, who for the past four
months has bi • n a ting pastor ol the t'A
elflc Grove Church, was on motion re
ceived into full membership on creden
tials from the Methodist Episcopal < hurch
time for the election of delegates
having arrived Drs. Bovard and Kummer
and pnelps were appointed tell< rs
and the ballots < ist. The tellers were out
over an hour returning with the tollOw
port: 167 v.ii. s cast. 86 necessarj' o
.1 b Hammond received 93
; ,;,,i wa a elected; B. McCllsh, s:^; F. D.
AID SOCIETY
ELECTS OFFICERS
♦
Closing Session of the
Grand Council.
— 4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. S.-The twelfth
annual Grand Council of the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society closed to-day at
Hot del Mar after the most profitable
and harmonious session ever held.
The first order of business this morn
ing was the election of officers for the
coming year. It resulted as follows:
Mrs Margaret Deane of San Francisco
grand president; Miss Manilla Fitzgerald
of Gilroy. grand senior vice president;
Mrs M F Dorsey of San Luis Obispo,
grand* Junior vice president; Miss Mar
garet Curtis, grand secretary and treas
urer- Miss Mary Garretty of San Fran
cisco grand deputy. Mrs. Deane enters
upon' her tenth year as grand president
! and Miss Margaret Curtis her sixth year
las grand secretary- The grand directors
, elected" were: Mrs Margaret Deane 0
«An Francisco No. 2. Mra. D. K. L-aogier,
j sfockton No. 1 7: Miss Bessie McFadden.
1 San Francisco No. 10; Miss Mary Trute.
t Ban France, No. 11; Dr. Elizabeth
; Lynch. San Francisco No. 20 Mrs. E. K.
i Stevenot, San Francisco No. 25: Miss Bes-
I sic Gallagher. Alameda No. 3: Mrs O C.
Kirk Oakland No. 1: Mrs. M. H. Smith,
; San Francisco No. 8; Mrs. E. J. Thomas,
San Rafael No. 24.
The newly elected grand officers were
1 Installed this afternoon with the Impres
i sive ceremonies of the order by Past
Grand Deputy Miss Emma Russell of San
Francisco; assisted by Grand Marshal
Miss Maria Flynn of San Francisco No. l.
The next Grand Council will be held at
1 Hotel del Mar in September. 1900. At the
suggestion of Miss Margaret Curtis it was
< recommended that the city branches or
ganize sewing guilds where the members
may assemble to cut and make garments
j for the needy. ' ,
Congratulations and fraternal greetings
were received from the Young Ladles'
Institute through Miss Mary Sullivan,
grand director, and through -the grand
i secretary. , . 
A progressive euchre party was- held
last evening:. Miss May. Paisley of Sun
Francisco received firm prize, Mr». Cole
' man of Oakland second prize and Mr»,
I Pachcco of Ban Rafael third prize,
Many of the members of the Grand
! Council will remain to witness the Ad
i mission day celebration and the .Venetian
Water Carnival.
NEGRO MURDERED.
Patal End of a Quarrel Over ft
• Woman,
NORTH YAK IMA, 'Wash,, gept, p,™
T^ouis Martin «hot and killed TonY John*
son last night, K«Hh men are negroes
| stnd quarrejed ovar «. wommi,
Bovard, 74: W. w. Case, f>3: Konert tteni
ley, i'l The remainder was scattering.
in the inurim of counting the ballots
action was taken on a resolution present
ed to all tli- annual conferences by me
Baltimore Conference, legalizing the seat
ing of an ''i"a! number of lay and minis
terial delegat s In the coming- General
.ri nee bodj . If that body so acts,
The resolution provides for amending the
I k of discipline to meet the require
and was carried by a unanimous
vote. Dr. J. A. B. Wilson of San Fran
si nted a r< solution of felici
tations to i >r. J. VV. Hamilton, one ol i 1 •■
ral secretaries of the national com
mittee, who is a visitor at this conference,
and the resolution w li adopted unani
mously.
T1 ■ class ot candidates for elders or
.■ as nes called, the following being
elected to be ordained Sunday: Oscar \.
Brattstrom, Charles K. Irons. H. Kihara,
John Williams and Fred A. Keast. m.-fore
trnment Rolla V. Watt and George
I' Kellogg, laymen were elected as aele-
General < inference by the
ia> electoral <'c.
'.'.•■ closing sessions of the lay associa
tion f >-r> riuion. This body
to b( mon and more of a ; iwer
in the affair.- of California Methodism,
and from being the first lay association
nas ■ . ■ irg< -> body ol Us kind
ifi v naerl :a.
■\ n ,, session opened at 1:30 with devo
tional . ■ Papers on the history of
■ !,-.. movement, the his
tory ci : the Rellei Association of the
Methodist Episcopal church, and on tin
business methods of church management
wore read 1 by Rolla V. .Wait.
Peter Bohl and T. C. McChesney, and the
ns of the ••Twentieth Century Fund"
v,. : , presented by 11. E3. Williamson. Th- 1
following committee was appointed to co
■ ■ uirii the committee of ministers:
j. H. Bi ■ f S mta Rosa H. it. Willlam
m, Peter Boba if Sacra
mento, Harry Notion of San Jose. A.
Wlstrand of San Francisco.
The evening session was called at 7:30
and committee reports read and other
closing business transacted. Memorials
on Captain Charles Goodall and li. E.
Snook, both prominent members of x\\f
association, were read, and an address on
mess work was delivered by Mrs. A.
II Spring. The body then adjourned sine
die.
FREE TRADE
RUNS AGROUND
Washed In by the Tide
at Netarts Bay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Sept. B.— News reached this
city to-day that the schooner Free Trad-'.
owned in S;m Francisco, is ashore at
Xi tarts Bay, about forty miles south of
the miiuth of the Columbia River. The
information was brought by the steamer |
E'.more. which arrived this afternoon)
from Tillamook.
Captain Schrader reports that the Free
Trade went ashore while being towed out
of the harbor by the tug Maggie. The
weather was quite calm at the time, but
the tide set In strongly toward shore and
both tug and schooner were carried onto
the beach.
As the Elmore passed the scene of the
accident an effort was being made to float
the vessels, but it had proved unsuccess
ful. It is thought, however, that both
vessels will be floated without damage.
IMPROVEMENTS AT
PEARL HARBOR, HAWAII
WASHINGTON, Sept. B.— Admiral Brad
ford, chief of the Bureau of Equipment,
and General Wilson, chief of engineers,
have been consulting respecting the im
provement of Pearl harbor, Hawaii, with
a view to the establishment of a naval
station there, as directed by Congress.
An unexpected and Bej_ous obstacle to the
execution of the project has been encoun
tered In the shape of refractory real estate
holders. Having exhausted all other
proper methods, the officials have deter
mined now to proceed to acquire the
necessary lands through condemnation
proceedings, having satisfied themselves
that this can bo accomplished through
the Hawaiian laws aa they stand to-day.
The Navy Department has Just received
the detailed survey of Pearl harbor, made
laHt year by the Bennlngton. It Is far
morn complete than anything before un
dertaken, and one result of a study of this
survey has been to satisfy the engineer
officers that a good deal of unforeseen
work must be done In strengthening the
channels connecting the harbor with the
*pa. f :-.v--' =?ril
INSURANCE WITHDRAWN.
Underwriters Think Fresno Raisin-
Houses Too Great a Bisk.
FRESNO, Sept, — Insurance companies
threaten to cancel all policlen on lTresno
packing houses on account of the recent
unexplained fires, Of the companies here
25 per cent have already withdrawn, Rai
sin 'growers are exalted because if the
ijjui'iiit, houaea tire not Insured they will
bo unuble to borrow «i'»ji«j' on the raisins.
SESSION OF
THE FILIPINO
CONGRESS
Extraordinary Meeting of the
Body Called by President
Aguinaldo.
CHOSE NEW OFFICERS
Decree Is Issued Compelling All
Foreigners Within the Territory
to Be Registered.
Special Cable in The Cull ami New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1890, by James Gordon
Bennett.
MANILA, Sept. s.— A Filipino who has
arrived her*- from Tarlac says an extra
ordinary session of the revolutionary
congress took place at Tarlac on August
24. Aguinaldo presided and cljose Ma
bini as president of the Supreme Court
and Gonzaga as Attorney General. They
both represent the most conservative and
temperate element.
Mabini, who recently resigned the I< or
eign Secretaryship, is the ablest man con
nected with the revolution. Gonzaga was
president of the last peace commission. ■
The proceedings of the congress dis
proved the report that Aguinaldo had de
clared himself dictator. A decree has been
issued by the Filipinos compelling the reg
istration of all foreigners in Filipino ter
ritory.- The Chinese, who are a large
fraction of the population, are considered
foreigners, including those born in the
Philippine Islands. Application must be
made on stamped paper, which figures
largely in all the business of the insur
rectionary government. This seems to
be largely a scheme to tax Chinamen.
PENNSYLVANIA MEN
REFUSE TO ENLIST
PITTSBURG. Sept. B.— Lieutenant T. O.
Murphy of the United Staffs army re
cruiting station here returned to-day from
MeadvilK-. Pa. f disgusted with the Mead
vllle anti-expansionists, who caused him
to close the sub-recruiting station there
and to come away without a single re
cruit. The station was opened August
29. in charge of Private Baldwin, and in
two days seventeen applicants had been
examined and five accepted. Mr. Murphy
went up yesterday to swear the men in.
but none appeared and Baldwin went out
and brought them to the office. They re
fused to take the oath.
One of them said: "Mj friends have
been talking to me and tHlin^ me the
Americans oughi not to have anything to
do with the war over there In the Phil
ippines. They told me those fellows
ought to be given a chance to be their
own bosses, and this country is not
ing them a square deal in fighting them.
All the folks here foel that way, and it
will Ro hard with US fellows if we go
into the army to ro over to the Philip
pines. A lot of my friends tell me it" I
go people here won't have anything more
to do with me. and f guess [ won't po."
other recruits bore him out in his state
ment. Meadvllle is the seat of the Alle
ghany University, a Methodist institu
tion where the President received his col
lege education, and of the Unitarian Col
lege, endowed by New Enplanders and
with a faculty composed chiefly of New
Snslanders.
CABINET DISCUSSES
THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. Sept. B.— The Cabinet
meeting to-day whs devoted almost en
tirely to a discussion of the local govern
ment which will be ePtabllsht-d in the
Philippines on the cessation of hostllltU-s.
Secretary Root has given the matter
much thought, .mil his views as exprf-s^ed
at the meeting to-day wen- received with
approval by .-ill of the members present.
H~ pointed out that a system of govern
ment wlilih wmild be suited to the people
of Luzon would hardly do for some of the
other Islands, where the inhabitants were
far less advanced, A member of the Cab
inet, in speaking of the matter, said that
Secretary Root displayed a broad states
manship and a knowledge of the economic
;iii'i Bocial conditions of the islands. Post
master General Smith spoke briefly to the
effect that there was an increasing de
mand in Cube and Porto Rico for money
order facilities and a surprising growth
in the receipts of the Postal Department,
which was expected to mean n rapid Im
provement in business through the island.
RAPID FIRE GUNS TO BE
SENT TO THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Sept. B.— Some months
ago General Miles recommended the pur
chase of a number of rapid-fire guns for
use In the Philippines. His recommen
dation was as Presideni of the Hoard of
Ordnanc* and Fortifications. General
Buffiugton, Chief of Ordnance, disap
proved the recommendation.
One reason for the visit of Secretary
Root to Sandy Hook was to see this gun
tested and decide upon its merits. Secre
tary Root, it is said, has decided that
the r?un should be used. It is not known
how many will be sent to the Philip
pines.
TROOPS COMING HERE
EN ROUTE TO MANILA
BOSTON. Sept. B.— The train bearing the
Twenty-sixth Regiment. United States
Volunteers left this city for Providence.
R. 1., at 5 o'clock this morning-, en route
to San Francisco, where the regiment will
embark for the Philippines. A large num
ber of members were left behind and will
follow the main body during the day.
IOWA REGIMENT SOON
TO START HOMEWARD
DES MOINES, lowa. Sept. B.— Colonel
Loper, in a cablegram to the Daily News,
says the Fifty-first lowa Regiment will
start for San Francisco about September
16. There is much sickness among the
men.
TO CHARTER ADDITIONAL
GOVERNMENT TRANSPORTS
WASHINGTON, Sept. B.— The Quarter
master's Department probably will char
ter two more ships to make sure of get
ting the volunteer regiments started for
Manila by November 2P, as the accident
to the Morgan City and the delay in the
return of the Ohio ha,s disarranged the
schedule.
Newport Homeward Bound.
WASHINGTON. Sept. ».— A cable dis
patch has been received from General Otis
which says:
Newport sailed yesterday; nine officers
sixty-six enlisted men, 463 discharged men!
ten civilians and party of enlisted mcii
belonging to volunteer signal corps; re
mainder sick.
Officers and Men for Otis.
CHICAGO. Sept. B.— Eleven officers and
175 privates left here to-day for San Fran
cisco to Join General Otis, commanding
the Philippines. The men were enlisted
In Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee.
Sydney at Yokohama.
WASHINGTON, Sept. B,— The transport
Sydney Ih reported at Yokohama and coal
ing, with all well on board. Bhe carries
3W marines and 350 recruits bound for
Manila. _______________
Yellow Fever Beport.
WASHINGTON. Sept. B.— Marine Hospi
tal Service advices report nlnety-eix cases
of yellow fever to date. The bureau Una
been notified of. the one new case at New
Orleans,
BIG LUMBER RAFT IS
ADRIFT OFF THE COAST
Was Being Towed by the Czarina, but
the Line Broke Off Point
Mendocino.
POINT ARENA, Sept. B.— The steamer Czarina came into this port 9
. vpsterdav to report' the parting of the tow line by which the big clgar-
O raft from Eureka was being towed to San Francisco. The steam- °
t pr lost her o w about twenty-eight miles off shore from Mendocino City o
° It daylight yesterday morning, and on returning last night could not #
° fl H it and after a fruitless search she returned to this port to report ?
o Caotain Robertson thinks the raft is drifting down the const. Unless o
& found it will be a menace to the vessels plying on this coast. It is more ♦
% than 600 feet long and is fourteen feet above the surface.
? Thursday night the tug Fearless went to the assistance of the Czar- ,
O ma. and' it is expected that tug. collier and raft will reach San Francisco o
* Monday. o
FRENCHMEN
OFFER MONET
TO JUNES
Parisian Banking - House
Promises Financial Back
ing to His Government.
Special Table to The Call and New York Her
aid. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Oordor
Bennett.
CAPE HAYTIEN. Sept. B.—
The town of Monte Christo, in
San Domingo, has surrendered
to the insurgents. Richards left
this morning with an armed
escort for Santiago de Los
Caballero*, San Domingo, to con
sult with Jimenes.
M<»('.\. Fan Domingro, Sept. B.—Gen
eral Jimenes arrived this afternoon at
Moca with an escort of 500 cavalry,
largely augmented by armed horsemen
from the villages along the route.
Everywhere the utmost enthusiasm
is displayed.
It was here that the late President
Heureaux was killed by Ramon
Caceres, who is now the idol of the
President and the Minister of War in
the provisional government. The con
spirators claim that they have secured
a list of persons whom Heureaux had
designated for execution.
General Jimenes has received a dis
patch from a Parisian banking house
promising to furnish all the funds ne
cessary to establish the government,
the French interests being second only
to the American. He will proceed to
La Vega to-night.
KIXCSTOX, Jamaica, Sept. B.—Do
minican mail advices just received
here say that the apparently en
thusiastic and ostensibly national dem
onstration prepared in San Doming"
for Juan Isidro Jimenes, the leader of
the revolution in that country, by Gen
eral Imber and the leaders of Jimenes'
immediate political faction, is alto
gether representative of the real pop
ular sentiment. It is now beginning to
appear that while the whole nation ac
cepted the revolution on the tacit un
derstanding that the intolerable in
cubus of party politics would be per
manently removed by securing an
American protectorate, Jimenes' party
were finally working for his personal
interests, to the establishment of which
they now purpose utilizing the victory
if they can compass his constitutional
election.
In spitp of the growing popularity of
General Horacio Vasquez. the pro
visional vice president, who war- the
real leader of the revolution and is the
real hero of the hour, the advices add
that unless the person elected either
adopts the popular aspirations, or. as
an alternative, succeeds in giving the
country immediately an administra
tion combining sovereign independence
with that financial stability, industrial
progress and complete international
political freedom to which it has so
long been a stranger, and which the
people are fully determined to secure
at any cost of bloodshed or even a par
tial surrender of sovereignty, another
revolution is sure to follow.
In conclusion the advices say thßt
the foreign interests in San Domingo
are watching the developments with
the keenest anxiety.
FISHING BOATS LOST
IN SEVERE STORM
Many Coasting Craft Wrecked
Along Prince Edward Isles
and Seamen Drowned.
CHARLOTTETOWN, P. E. 1.. Sept. B.—
Reports which have been received here
i to-day from ports throughout the prov
i ince and from the north indicate that the
| heavy gale of Wednesday night was very
j disastrous to fishing and coasting craft.
The storm appears to have been the most
i severe in the Gulf of St. Lawrence from
Cape Breton to Quebec. It is believed
that at least a dozen lives were lost. Hun
dreds of fishing: boats along the island
coast and Northern New Brunswick were
smashed to pieces, and in several cases
the occupants were drowned. Three bod
ies have come ashore near South Kildare.
In all eight or nine men were lost at that
point.
The schooner Bessie "Willis is a total
| wreck at Fox Bay. near Gaspe, Quebec.
I The Willis was loading a cargo of fish for
■ Halifax when the gale swept along the
coast and drove her ashore. The crew es
caped.
The Chatham schooner Jasper is a total
wreck at Flat River. The crew were res
cued with some difficulty. A disabled
I schooner was towed into Alberton harbor.
I Reports are anxiously awaited from the
I Magdalen Islands, where a large fleet was
i fishing. .
ENCAMPMENT ENDS.
Grand Army of the Republic Veterans
Strike Their Tents.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. B.— The thirty
third encampment of the Grand Army of
the Republic came to an end this after
noon, when a naval review was held on
the Delawaro River. The ships reviewed
were those of the North Atlantic squad
ron, composed of tlTe flagship New York,
cruiser' Brooklyn, battleships Indiana,
Massachusetts and Texns. It was the
greatest of the three naval reviews that
nave been held on the Delaware within a
year. The weather was perfect, the num
ber of boats in line was very large and
tho crowds that Mnert both the Pennsyl
vania and New Jersey shores on the river
far outnumbered those that have wit
nessed the previous reviews.
Butcher-Shop Bobbed.
CHICO, Sept. B,— Albert Thompson and
Harry Hall, young men well known here,
were arrested, to-day on a charge of
grand larcony. The crime was commit
ted at Magalia yesterday, when Acker
man's butcher Bhop was entered ai
taken from th.- till. Among the n.
stolen were several greenbacks. \\
Hall was arrested a $10 greenback
found in his possession.
Mclnnis Is Unpopular.
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept B.— A petition i«
i being circulated for Ottawa praying
the dismissal of Lieutenant Governoi
limis. Among other things, ii -
: that he allowed family I
1 fluenrp him. Mclnnis' friends are am
j ami regard it as a work ■• Irrespoi
' political adventurers.
»«»x»*«'Xe | x»KOx t .
; IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL %
: ' Oorn Paul tells the story i
: of his life.
>? \ %
>*<3>#<?>*^>*<?>*^>*<s-*«>v^'*-s>*<»**.*<S>*<;,i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Necessity is the
Mother of Invention/
It was the necessity for a reliable blood
ourifier and tonic that brought into exist-
ence Hood's Sarsaparilla. It is a. highly
-.oncentrated extract prepared by a com-
bination, proportion and process peculiar
'o itself and giving to Hood's Sarsapa-
•Ula unequalled curative power.
£\ ° UR ■
Ji $15^° Business I
m^\ Suits I
•I"Si" " '& ) Are all wool> well '
\B. . Jr/ made in the latest ■
\B( fj / styles and you are cer- »
• Wri/ tain of a perfect fit. :
tOUR in |
$151° Business |
Suits |
Are oil wool, well :
made in the latest i
styleß and you are cer- ;
tain of a perfect fit. :
We make them in j
1 ' ISi single-breasted, three ;
m and four button safks. :
H double-stitched eflges !
H and lap seams. . :
3 Get your suit* made by ;
%LJIIfL /, Tho.Taiter
SOl-208 Montgomery :
1 St.. San Francisco. •
W» return 1110-1112 Market
We return Bt;; San Francisco. i
Your 1011 Washington St., •
Money if Oakland. Spring Bt.. :
iney it 143 Soutn s prin§r et.. :
D;ssati c fi-a. Los Angeles. •
****-"-—*" **'*****"***yWf?fg**
"» At Auction!
TUESDAY.
rUESDAY... SEPTEMBER 12, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
4t Gar Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North Fide of Pine st. (No. 1S10). 220 feet west
if Gough; 30x137:6; elegant residence of 11
rooms; choice location: convenient to cars.
CLAY-STREET INVESTMENT.
South side (Nos. 1115-1115H) Clay st.. near
Mason; 40x46 feet; pays 18 per cent per annum:
1 tenements; always rented.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
North side Minna Bt (No. 24). 200 feet west
of First; 25x80 feet; 3 flats. 4. 4. 3 rooms and
rear house of 6 rooms; rents $44; in the center
of the manufacturing district.
FRANKLIN-STREET FLATS.
W«t side Franklin st. (Nos.' 313-313%). 65
feet south of Grove: 8 flats. 5, 5, 6 rooms and
bath; rents $69: a few blocks from Market st.
and the City Hall. .
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
East side of Ashbury st. (No. 1056). near
Seventeenth; CO*9s feet; nice house of 7 room*
and bath; marine and inland view.
MISSION COTTAGE.
West side of Noe st. (No. 310). south of Mar-
ket; 25x105 feet; nice cottage of 5 rooms, bath,
basement and stable; half block off .Market st.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South side of Clay st. (No. 3309). 118:9 west
of Central avp. ; 30x127 feet: modern residence
of 9 rooms and bath; select neighborhood.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
South side of Geary st. (No. 1513). 103 feet
west of Laguna; 34:4x137:C; 3-story residence
of 14 rooms. 2 baths and stable; Geary cars.
FILBERT-STREET INVESTMENT.
North side of Filbert st. (No. 201$), IS3 fe<-t
west of Buchanan: 27:6x120; 2 cottages, 5, 4
rooms; rents $20; double frontage.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Southeast corner of Mariposa and Florida
sts.; 20x75 feet; store and 3 rooms and flat of 5
rooms and bath; good corner for grocery or
saloon.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market Street. Auctioneers.
I A TRAVELING SALESMAN
WANTED!
One who has had experience in paint and oil
or sash and door business preferred. Address,
stating full particulars, experience, salary, etc.
"Sasb & Doors," box 2133. Call office.
VfSTSv LADIES do too mot
£ J3*T DR.FELIXt,EBRUN'S
w^ a Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
T* J ie the original and only FRENCH .
/ C safe and reliable cure on the mar-
y "^bet, Price. $1.00; cant by nau*
w S Genuine Bold only Off .
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole A«U..
ail Kearny St., San Francisco.PLANS SUGGESTED FOR A
GREATER AMERICAN NAVY
Representative Foss, After Studying European
Methods, Would Have a Policy Board With
Admiral Dewey at Its Head,
CAX.L HEADQI A.RTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Sept. &.—
Repi Foss, who has been
- naval conditions ex
g In European States, was at the
White Hi us.- ; ribing the results
' ■ !'• ■ - dent.
W'hil Mr Foss talked with Ad
miral i ■. \> • • re is reason to be
leavor to secure leg
a naval policy board,
the president of which shall be Admiral
:hi i time, Secretary Long
ted recommending th«
ich a board, though i; has
bj Admirals Bradford and
. ' of the eonsolid
• - ruction and Re
pment and Steam Bngli rii g
■n of his proposition for or
he policy b< ard, Mr. Poss said:
"J : " : i •■ ' " ai we will have to
Bystem about building up our
- along building a bat
next, n >w build
ats and then leaving off
At this raii- v. . will
.'mess In '>ne cj
and shortage In otl i rs. This i
\ insist, that w •. f system about
at whai is necessary
ml.
"If greal I tctivity in all the
na\T \.,t<\a of the Old World. I think we
en ction of im
1' irtani si . \ and stone, is
used : docks.
INDIA CHANGES
MONEY STANDARD
Gold to Be Made Legal
Tender.
Special OaMe to Thp Call and New York Her
ai.J. Copyrighted, 1599. by James (jordon
I'onneti.
SIMLA. Sept. s.— At yesterday's session
of the Indian Council the Viceroy, Baron
Curznnoi' Kaddlestoni concurring in the
statement of Clinton Dawkins, the finan
cial member who introduced the currency
bill; said that in the absence of the. mint
proclamation from England it had been
decided to make 50... the legal tender im
mediately. In the conviction that no other
measure would save India from disastrous
embarrassment and fresh taxation, re
marking that; thanks to the sagacity and
the common sense of the committee, the
ability of the chairman, the strength of
the cape for the p<>l<! standard, and the
remarkable consensus of opinion, a con
clusion of u.e fiercely disputed matter had
been reached. For twenty years the pol
icy of the Government hail been the de
fense of India from the inevitable conse
quences of a decline in the value of the
rupee, namely, fresh taxation.
Th«^ adoption c,f a gold standard would
enable India to embark in competition
with foreign powers am! enter the field on
equal terms. Since gold began to enter last
year £2.620.000 nad arrived. A fixed value
must lend stability and confidence to for
eign trade. He did not Indulge in chimer
ical dr-ams of me future or pretend to
op-n an Asiatic Klondike. He firmly be
lieved und hoped the present action wou.d
Invest the financial horoscope of India
with the security which it had hitherto
lacked, and which it was the duty of the
Government to utilize in the efforts of the
Indian people. ,
The Pope is one of the world's million
aires. The gold objects stored In the Vat
ican are estimated by weight alone to be
worth $25.000,000. —^— .
Words
fO Words
I of Wei-
Z 3^3r' 3 come
SSBT^S^^Jr^l^wS^L fft
iffßKßt&BnS* THKSE ARE
M^fIVBRB I c p r t a inly
..-" WSjSnVnß^m ■>>■: Tne words
'■ * pSsV9kIBHBfeSB '" a " I' ni "-
Wgjg B JXXfifVPI ' 1 - k ) % . • ■::. 1
B*iMSJ9C*MIj23M ' l-ited, suffering
ksbibbmß '■ ■■'■" :| ' '■■ ~"
• ■ HUDTAN
froni those dls-
orders and
that iirp natnr-
-•]! to women
alone
Have you headaches <Flg. 1)? Sunken eyes
(Fig 2)? A pali and emaciated face (Fig 3)?
Coated tongue 'Fig. 4)? Palpitation 0 heart
(Fig. 5)? Impaired digestion (Fig 6)? Dfzzy
Bpellß^ all-gone feeling, pain in hack, loss of
appetite, pain over abdomen, fainting spells?
If s«. HUDTAN will afford you relief from
one and all of these symptoms.
■VAX will bring the roses to your cheeks,
■will give you the clow of health.
HUDTAN Imparts strength to the whole sys-
tem, and to the delicate • male organism in
particular. Ht'DTAN quiets the nerves, in-
duces refreshing sl^ep, relieves all pains and
nches. HI'DTAN is woman's friend.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— 6oc a
package, or six packages for (2 50. ____.„
If your druggist does not keep HI in AN.
Fend direct to the HUDTAN REMEDY CO.,
corner Stockton. Ellis and Market streets, San
Francisco, 'W.
CONSULT THE HUDTAN DOCTORS
ACOUT YOUR CASE-FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL OR WRITE. "
4vissr OR, JORDAN'S great^
?BiiSEl!B OF ANATOMY^
4 Cv& IC£ISU.2SETSI.t«:.C±i7a,S.F.Cd.i
T {$? The largest .-...„ in the \
» fS^^Sil dif.ease p»-^l»i*«-ly «-nr«il l>y the olden f
ft jnK $?i\ rm the Coast E»L36yeart 9
A ffit&A OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ Ir^y^JjU C«»nilt»Won free and stri<-tly prlvtte. \
h I jtyZXn ''■" ""'•"'■'■ '-■^'y't..l^<i"'!"t.lkr.l. A f
ifi /( !» w,; I ,ioiii-"«.t'iiii.osi)HnVtii
» I II 1 ! M«IIIII\<.I. MAILIiI) FKCB. (AT
\ <l ti *»'u»We U»k tor mru) A
7 OK IOBDAN «t CO." 1051 Market St.S F. ¥
f^i^WM&i ivUF I tIKJC.
E^n~^ i *^^ USE NO MORE IRON
}f£?Z{*M<f'- '^fty/jr Hoops or Steel .Springs.
Wp^*is(§V¥s£- : * Hupture retained with ease
li—^-*/sj^^^^ alK ' comfort and thousands radi-
H /Bi^ '■•'!'>• CURED by DR. PIERCES
Vj y/if^ Magnetic Elastic Truss. m/"<"aii at
Tgfc^y office or write for New Pamphlet
No. I.
MAONUTIC HLA3TIC TRUSS CO..
820 Market St., opp. I'alace Hotel, San Francisco
England builds her docks for eternity,
while we build for time."
Following are some of the innovations
Mr. Foss will advocate, and several of |
them are likely to be embodied in bills
to be presented to Congress next winter:
A naval policy board, to formulate a |
harmonious plan of naval construction, to
run through a series of years; a great
system of national naval reserves;
new naval administration for navy
yards; naval barracks for seamen ashore; j
new system of rewards for deeds of hero
ism, perhaps by awards of medals, similar
to foreign decorations; a system of stone
docks.
"Our navy Is in its infancy." explained
Mr. Foss. "It is being built piecemeal
and without any defined programme. The
plan of one year may be changed by Con- i
gress next year. There should •■>• a board !
of naval expert to determine what kind
of navy the United States should have,
and formulate a plan of construction that
should extend over a number of years.
Such a system would give a navy built
for specific ends and on harmonious, well
balanced lines, with due proportions of
various tt-nes of war vessels. The recom
mendations of such a board would com
mand the confidence of Congress and
would save that body much experimenting
and blundering. 1 would like to see Ad
miral Dewey a; the head of such a board.
I have become convinced that the Amer
ican people want a groat navy and that
they will give money freely to build one,
but we should not go on in our old hap
hazard way. x.ii. is the time for a well
defined system. European nations have
greater experience than we because they
have larger navies ..." we can easily get
the benefit of their tests and their mis
takes ant! trliirrmns."
TROUBLE BREWS
AMONG SWANS
Seek to Upset Commis
sion's Work.
P;p<Mal Dispatcb to The Call.
VANC< tUVER, B. C , Se] ! 5. Advises
nal de
cision of the thre< powers thi Samoans
state of uncertainty. The com
mission informed the Samoans before
leaving that the Berlin treaty is still in
existence; so is th< ' of < '•::>■' .Fustic-.
Thej had no power to alter or change
these and Chief Justice Chambers left of
his owi accord The> had no control over
him. The natives claim that if the Berlin
5 is still in force, then they have
autonomy and will proceed to elect a Su
■ < 'hi. -i. avoiding the title of King-.
It is rumored thai th< M taafa .
•' ri ~ I l '- seding on that presumption now
and meetingsare being held for that pur-
This Is in contravention of the ree
endation of the commission,
same people take exception to control be
■ - of a foreign Gov< i
■ nal appointments of differ* nt
'•■ vei : ' provinces lio with him
rney to having foreign Judges
'■!■■ n matti n • • • ■ erning Sa
moans, although in the provinces they
- own Judges and masis
trates. but they object to the supervision
>t foreigners. They dislike foreign Judges
visiting their provinces to try cases be
tween foreigners and themselves and as
pert thej can do this themselves
It is stated that an attempt will be made
to upset the- recommendations of the com
mission.
BROOKLYNS SHUT
OUT THE BOSTONS
Hughes, the California Twirler.Again
Proves Invincible Against
the Bean-Eaters.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs- W. 1. Pet | Clubs- W. L.. Pet.
Brooklyn ...» 37 .693 Pittsburg ...63 CO .512
Philadelphia Ti 4: .622 ?hlcaj<o 63 « 2 h>n
|°f» on 74 47 611 Louisville ...55 G5 459
Baltimore ...69 49 .584 Sew York. 52 70 422
Cincinnati ..70 52 .f.73 Washington .42 78 *34S
st. Louis 89 56 .552 Cleveland ...19 103 .140
BROOKLYN, Sept 8 The Brooklyns played
championship ball to-day and shut out the
Bostons easily, not a man of the team reaching
third base .Hushes was in winning form and !
received brilliant support. Emslie was cheered i
when he came on the field. Attendance. 7000.
Score:
Clubs— h. H. 1:
g"":* 1 0 8 0
Brooklyn .-, v j
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen ; Hughes Far- !
roll and McOuire. Umpires Emslie and Dwyer.
NEW YORK. Sept. 8. — The New y O rks
scored their 'first victory in nearly two weeks,
defeating the BalUmorea in a dull game to-day'
Attendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs- R. H E.
Baltimore 6 12 4
New York "V." 9 „ 7
Batteries— Howell and Smith; Carrick and
Warner. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 8-Th" Philadelphia
players bunched their hits in the third inning, i
two of them being three- baggers, and secured
1 lead that could not be overcome. Attend
ance, 1200. Score:
Clubs- R. h. E.
Washington 2 S 4
Philadelphia \ 4 8 j
Batteries— McFarland and Roach; Piatt and
McFarland. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. B.— The Perfectoa slugged
Jack Taylor's shoots all over the lot to-day.
St. Louts made five home runs, a triple and a
double. Burkett l«--d with the stick, getting two
home runs and a single. Attendance, 1700.
Score:
o Clubf v. H. E.
St, L*ouls •««•••■••••.......,.......,... 12 15 1
Cincinnati ' 3 v l
Batteries and Crlger; Taylor and
Peitz. Umpires— Latham and Gaffney.
CHICAGO, Sent. 8. Griffith had much the
better support in a pitchers' battle to-day.
Both of Cleveland's errors counted for runs
Attendance, 400. Score:
Clubs- R. If. E.
Chicago 5 6 1
Cleveland 1 « 9
Batteries Griffith and Chance; Hughey and
McAllister. Umpires O'Day and McDonald.
PITTSBURG. Sept. S.-Pittsburg lost the
firft gamp In the first Inning by Chesbro giv
inEr four bases on balls, followed by four hits
an.l one error. rhiiu pi kept the hits scattered
The second came was called In the third in
ning on account of rain after Louisville had
tallied three times to Pittsburgh none. At
tendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— *• H. y
Pittsburg 3 g j
Louisville 6 9 2
Batteries— Chesbro and Bowerman: Philippi
and SMmmer. Umpires— Manassau and Connolly.
Redding's New Building.
REDDING, Sept. B.— The Supervisors to
day let .1 contract to the Safe ami Lock
Company Of Han Franrisro t<> build the
second story to the jail In the new Hall
of Records. Thr> building will be largely
of steel and absolutely fire-proof. * The
contract price is $5975. This Improvement
has long been needed, and the Supervi
sors to-day unofficially fixed the rate for
the county outside of Redding at $2 10 ano
Inside the city at $3 10 per *!■■".
Peru's New President.
LIMA. Peru. Sept B.— Senor EMuardo
Romaifa, former Senator for Arequlpa,
sraa to-day Inaugurated President of the
republic of Poru for tho ti-rm of four
years in succession to Senor Nicholas
Pierola. The city is quiet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1699.
KNIGHTS OF THE GRIP
RULE THE STATE FAIR
-COURT OF POMONA" AT THE STATE FAIR.
One of the principal cxb.it. it? at the Stat< Exposition building is the exhibit by Sacramento County. Tt was evolved
and constructed by a committee of Grangers appointed by the Board of Supervisors for that purpose. The exhibit is
ted the "Court of Pomona," and is in the shape of ;i shell which, on account of th- nature of the surroundings,
cannot be seen In the picture, the photographer having experienced much difficulty In taking any portion of it. The
entire work w;;s under the supervision of Sacramento Oraim.- No. 12, Patrons of Husbandry. The upper portion of
shiblt Is constructed of grain ami grasses. The lower portion contains working tools of the order and is deco
rated with the products of the farm and orchard, and intermixed with the choicest jellies and jams. <m<- particular
if the display is a handsomi plow inlaid with pearl. The foreground of Sacramento County's
exhibit is bordered with the choicest "f cut flowers. The most important part of the exhibit, in detail, is thai of Sacra
mento Grange, flanked on either side by the individual exhibits oi Capitol, Elk Grove and Pair Oaks Granges. Thi
two pyn mids, ten by fifteen feel square and twelve feet high, upon which are exhibited the choicest deciduous fruits
i:; jars. Between the pyramids is exhibitf-d the two trophies won by Sacramento County at the Midwinter Fair. The
committee m charge of the county exhii :t is composed of J. a. Read, Mrs. i-;. s hields and Thomas Waite.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. $.— Sacramento
is in the hands of the commercial
travelers of the entire State to
night. In fact, the authorities of
the city capitulated to them. The
3i< Ti for this tempoi ai I ran! I
the control of the caj Ital city of th< State
to the traveling men wan their deter
mination i" celebrate travelers' day al
the .- • without hindrance by the
local • . So the city was turned
ci\>-r to them and they were permitted to
enjoy themselves as best they knew how.
There Is no doubt, Judging from what
took place to-day and to-night, that they
are adepts at fun-making. The r.-al fes
tiviti.-s began this morning. The oommer
: cial ti • "' ' 5 city and from abroad
j marched from Ninth and J streets to
Agricultural Park, where there was .1
■ ball game between nines composed of
commercial travelers from this city and
San Francisco. The game was an amus
! ing one and resulted in favor ■■!' the Sac
! ramentans by a score of 14 to 8.
In the afternoon the drummers attend-
I ed the races at the park, where they wero
the guests of the State Agricultural So
! ciety. Jn the evening they held a Wr
demonstration on the principal streets,
concluding at the pavilion. The proces
sion was headed by the Exposition hand.
Bach one In line carried a .Japanese lan
; tern and a cane, making a very pretty
1 Fight. The grand marshal was State
President J. B. Treadwell, who had for
; his aids A. Sandford and Fred Harjes.
Ai the pavilion the travelers and their
wives and lady relatives were taken in
hand bj the directors of the State Agri
cultural Society. Chairman Olsen of the
local travelers' executive committee in a
brief speech Introduced Director Park I
TO BORE FOR OIL
NEAR PLEASANTON
Company Formed With
Heavy Capital.
S] • clal Dispatch to Th>- Call.
PLEASANTON, Sept. S.-Somn five
years ano a company was formed in
Pleasanton known as th(> Ploasanton <~)i\
and Gaß Improvement Company, and in
corporated under tho State laws. The
ot operations was on tho Garth
waite estate, between Pleasanton and Su
nol. now known as the Eiardin tract, and
situate.: just across the railroad track
from liiarst. Castle. Several thousand
dollars was pul Into tho scheme, and
after murh borinpr it was finally Riven
up, although indications of nil were good.
wniim the past tew weeKs tno indica
tions ol oil have become more pronounced,
and ;hi^ l''<l Beveral parties to again try
;mil strike something. A now company is
being formed, and it is said that Clarence
Berry, who has lately returned from the
Klondike with a big stak>\ is willing to
inn a half million dollars Into the com
pany, which amount, together with
smaller sums furnished by members,
would be sufficient to put up the expen
sive machinery which in needed and to bc
l'ki Hi b large Bcale. A meeting Is to in
neld to-morrow to determine what will
be don( In the matter, and it is very proh
ibit- thai within a short time operations
will be renew* d.
There are indications of oil in the whole
basin, and Bmall quantities can be ob
tained bj boring at almost any locality.
It Is said that Mrs. Hearst is one of tho 1
members of the company, and intends
putting ni* considerable money to carry
the :ii t-' me throusrh-.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Wages at Navy Yard May Be Cut.
New Postmasters Named.
WASHINGTON, Sn»t. B.— General Cor
bln says the appointments allotted to
California in the new volunteer regiments
Hfnshaw to the knights of the grip.
Ci lone! Henshaw made a short address, I
in which be commented upon the part the
ti Lvelers had taken in the conduct of the
fair and which was an important elemehi
of the success of the fair. State Presideni
Treadwell replied in a happy speech,
thanking the directors for their cordial
welcome. He said the directors could |
count on the commercial travelers for
their hearty support at the next Slat.
Fair. The presence of the drummers at
the pavilion drew an immense crowd
there to-night, many of whom partici
pated In the balloting for the leanest and
fattest, tallest and shortest and most
popular commercial traveler. The result
of the balloting will be announced to
morrow.
At 10:30 o'clock there was a contest be- I
twee a badger and a bulldog, but
whether or not they were ri-ai, live ani
mals Is left to the Imagination of the un- ,
initiated. A jolly good time was had in
the room where the contest t"<,k place.
Admission there was -by card only.
While the travelers were enjoying them
*e!vi-s the local women's reception com
mittee was doing the honors to the wives
and lady relatives of the men and to the
merchants and their wives. Refreshments
were served during the reception. The la- i
dies' reception committee was composed as !
follows: Mesdamea W. F. Peterson, J F.
Olsen. A. Hampel, C. B. Wilson. W. T.
SIOCUm, A. H. Clarke. F. A. Johnson,
Frank Sieke T. Hauser, W. I. Mitchell
\V. M. Henderson. E. M. Lynn, H. L.
Bergman, A. G. Loupe. John Keneflck,
F. T. Davenport, H. A. Bell, Scott Ennis,
Charlie Halifax. J. A. Moynihan, E. L
Sanford. Clark Williams. Oeorge King,
B. L. K&ywood, John Dolan. Herman
Fisher and Miss Helen Peterson.
At 11:30 o'clock the visiting commercial
travelers were banqueter! at the Golden
Eagle Hotel by their Sacramento breth
ren. Considerable preparations had been .
have not been made from the fact that
the Governor requested that they be with
ht Id until he could forward a recommen
dation to the department.
The Navy Department to-day forwarded
to the commandant at Man- island navy
yard a letter requesting further informa
tion relative to wages paid for workmen
in the yard. There has been prime talk
that the scale may be out down 10 per
cent. However, the department will take
r;i> action until a reply is received from
the yard officials.
The following California Postmasters
were appointed to-day: Gertrude. Ma
dera County, \v. J. Nlnnis, vice Theodoria
Loge, resigned; Grizzly Hluff, Humboldt
county. EL E. Roberts, vice William Still-
Ings, resigned; Vina. Tehama County, L.
G. Parkhurst, vice David Parkhurst, de
ceased.
ANOTHER GLIMPSE OF
THE STRANGE DERELICT
Mysterious Vessel Sighted Off Cape
Flattery by the Steamer
Warrimoo.
VICTORIA. B. C, Sept. S.— The sup
posed derelict which is wandering- up and
down the west coast has again been
sighted. The steamer Warrimoo reports
seeing a barkentine at !> p. m. yesterday
150 miles southwest by west of Cape Flat
tery, and when a description was fur
nished some of the steamer's officers de
clared her to be the same wanderer seen
on the coast last at Hesquolt *on Au
gust 20.
She is a wooden bark and was running
in a northeasterly direction. The purser
nports that her fore and main top gallant
masts were gone, but other officers, who
an- inclined to doubt that the vessel seen
was the derelict, say the masts were
probably lowered because of the light
prevailing winds. If it was the vagrant
ship seen at Clayoquot and Hesquoit she
has traveled southwesterly for a consider
able distance since she was last seen
eighteen days ago.
Suffering From Thirst.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. B.— Henry Os
born. an aged m;in. has been removed to
the County Hospital in a serious condi
tion. H< was left in charge of the Ful
kerson place while the family went to
the hop yards. Soon after their depar
ture Osborn was taken violently sick and
bad been in bed throe days and nights
when discovered. The theory is that his
present serious condition was caused by
intense thirst. He will recover.
marie for the affair and it was a fitting
end to the festivities of the day.
The member* of the California Press
Ask relation, which has been In session in
this city for the last two days, were al«o
the guests of the agricultural society at
the pavilion to-night.
The management of tho special features
for the pavilion will provide special at
tractions for nexi week. Thej have se
cured Miss Pearl Hlckman of San Fran
cisco with her California poppy and
flower dance. The rays from a 2000
candle-power electric searchlight of dif
ferent colors will be direct,.,! a t her while
she is performing. There will also be
an electric cake walk.
To-morrow, Admission day will be Na
tive Sons' day at the fair. The Native
.sons and Daughters have made elaborate
preparations for their day at the fair to
morrow and promise that it wi, be one
of the biggest days of the two weeks'
festivities, open house will be held in the
Foresters building all day. and refresh
ments will be served. Visitors will make
their headquarters there, where they can
retire when not attending the races during
the day when they want to rest or there Is
nothing going on.
There will he a large delegation of Na
tives from Woodland, Dlxon, Suisun,
Marysville, Stockton and .Auburn in at
tendance. To-morrow night Sacramento
and Sunset parlors, together with visiting
Native |pns and. and Califia, Butter and
La Handera parlors of Native Daughters
and visiting Daughters will parade to the
pavilion headed by the Exposition Hand'
other bands in the procession will lie the
Native Sons' and Dixon hands, and nron
alily a band from Marysvill... While the
procession is moving fireworks will be
discharged along the line of march The
Sacramento Society of Pioneers will take
part in the procession in a six-horse car
ry-all, as the guests of the Native Sons
and Daughters.
BOUNDARY FOLLOWS
COAST INDENTATIONS
British and Russian Surveys of
Alaska Made Over Fifty Years
Ago Indicate This.
WASHINGTON, Sept. S.-Senator Fos
ter of Washington had an interview with
Acting Secretary Adee of the State De
partment to-day anrl discussed the Alas
kan boundary question. The Senator
brought with him a book written in the
'40s about the Northwestern coast and the
differeni possessions there. Jt contains
a map made at that time in which the
boundary Is clearly defined as following
the Indentations of the coast. ■ne Sen
ator says thai this map could have been
made only from oritish anu Russian sur
■•■>... as there were Investigations of
the coasi made by other nations at that
time. The Senator represented to Mr.
Adee that the people of the west coast,
especially those residing in Southern
Alaska, were much interested in having
the T'nitrd States retain control of the
territory it has possessed.
Music for Nervousness.
Some scientists hav> claimed that music has
the power to soothe the nerves. But the quick-
est way to cure nervousness Is to strengthen
the nervous system. We know of nothing
which will accomplish this quicker than Kos-
tetter's Stomach Bitters-. It is the one medi-
cine that is successful above all others in the
treatment of blood, stomach and liver diseases.
Do not take a substitute. See that a private
Kevenue Stump covers the neck of t! bottle
" PILLS
Cure Wind and
Pain tiTe Stomach
Torpid Liver
Sallow Skin
Indigestion, etc*
10 cents and 25 cents— Druggists.
"THIS ACCURSED WAR
SHOULD BE STOPPED"
Sentiment Expressed by Major General Lawton
in an Interview With Rev. Peter
Maoqueen. _
NEW YORK, Sept. S.— Rev. Peter Mac
queen, now in the Philippines, has writ
ten for the Congregationallist an Interest-
Ing review of the religious situation in the
islands, and in this review he quotes Gen
eral Lawton as declaring that "what we
■want is to stop this accursed war," and
that it is time for diplomacy and mutual
understandings. From General Otis Rev.
Mr. Macqueen obtained an interview, in
which the general said:
"As far as the present state of religious
progress among the natives is concerned
the people have gained more from the
work of priests and friars than is usually
supposed. There are many abuses among
the friars, I have no doubt. They hold
land to-day much of which has been ac
quired contrary to the decree of the Coun
cil of Trent and the rules of the Catholic
Church in Spain. Holy orders own half
the real estate in Manila and nearly all
the property in the region of Laguna de
Bai.
"They do not allow Filipino priests to
be settled over parishes. This causi
end of friction. They have had complete
control of education. It is nut so bad an
educational system as it might be. They
want their schools re-established, and a
delegation is waiting just n »w for me in
regard to th.-ir schools. J must look out
for them."
In regard to :'n>- establishment of Prot
estant missions in these Islands hej will
have hard and stony ground. Filipinos
are all earnest Catholics and an:, attempt
at proselyting ihem would stir in, their
anger against Americans, who they would
accuse of trying to take away their re
ligion as well us their liberty. I think in
time Protestantirm will be good for such
of them as rare to worship that way,
but as things are now it would only stir
up their animosity."
Rev. Mr. Macqueen had a long interview
with General Lawton, wi;<> praised the
Filipinos as a "very fine set of soldiers,"
and far better than Indians.
"Taking everything into consideration,"
said Genera] Lawton. "tht- few facilities
they have and the many drawbacks, they
are a very ingenious and artistic race.
And taking intu account the disadvan
tages they have to fight against in arms,
equipment and military discipline, with
out artillery, short of ammunition, their
PACKERS OFFER GOOD
PRICE FOR SALMON
' Two Cents the Rate Named, but There
Are Prospects of an
Increase.
ASTORIA. Sept. B.— At a meeting of rep
resentatives of the several local salmon
packing concerns. Including the packers"
trust, last night the price of fall salmon
was fixed at 2 cents a pound. The under
standing between the packers was that
this figure should prevail ;>i th.- opening
of the season, and it is effective only so
long: as the canners wish to pay it.
This price is the highest voluntarily
offered fishermen for years. Lasi year
1 cent was paid for a time, but the price
dropped later to three-quarters of a cent.
The - cents offered this season is for
silverside salmon and the- best quality of
chinook fish, inferior salmon bringing a
lower price. Fishermen art- elated and
look forward to a prosperous season.
The high offer of the packers is another
result Of the advent of cold-storage estab
lishments. These concerns wilh offer a
■ tritle more than the canners. -just enough
! to insure them a goodly supply, so the
! price may go up still further as the sea
■ son. which begins at noon Sunday, ad
| vances.
PATENT ON THE PLAN
OF USING OIL ON ROADS
! F. W. Mattern Will File Suit Against
the Supervisors of Santa
Barbara.
.SANTA BARBARA, Sept. B.— F. W.
Mattern, the man who has a patent for
sprinkling streets with old, no matter how
it is done, is in Santa Barbara and ready
to begin injunction proceedings against
the Board of Supervisors, enjoining them
I from the further use of oil on the county
\ roads.
Several weeks ago Mattern came here
' and made similar threats, but the Super
visors took no notice of them, and were
i afterward informed by the Assistant
i United States Roads Commissioner that
1 no such patent had been obtained, nor
i had any one attempted to get any. He
! said that in his opinion a patent on oiling
i the streets could no more be obtained than
i one could patent the waters of the Poto
i mac. Now it appears that Mattern has
i been collecting toll from all companies,
: cities or individuals who have been using
i oil for this purpose all over the United
States.
A. P. Greeley, the Assistant Commis
sioner, has written again that he was
I mistaken, and that Mattern got his patent
! in April. ISPS. Mattern will sue the county
| for the right to use his patent, and, fur
thermore, he will sue for damages. He is
backed up by the Philadelphia Dustless
Roads Company. It is said that several
( if suits' m°l
S || We wish to ask a few questions. IS
H l|r We have been talking continuously of our $io suits il
H [*' since the first of this year. iVe
EJ f Now, could we, a bic firm, sell you a <ro suit and know \
pikj at the time that it wasn't the best value possible — that it Rl
g7) would not give satisfaction ? . RQ -
13 V No; most assuredly no! bsj
B la] Every one of these fio suits is worth «io, and even I^l
1I A more, if you want to draw comparisons— but that is another Mil , !
gK^ siory. • fi
f "*J Could we afford to give you such a strong guarantee $
'itVr unless we meant it? 92|
3 A3 ■"■' fQ
EJ Money returned if you want it ; or \S
I jtf Suit kept in repair foe for one year. gg
!si Send for samples— if you don't like them, you lose noth- [2
E3n ing ;if you order, you are tully protected for a year. Sj
I Fair, isn't it?
II S. N. WOOD & CO.,' I
akw is?
1 3 • 718 Market St. «nd Kg
lp Cor. Powell and Eddy. N
powder inferior, shells reloaded until they
! are defective, inferior in every particular
, of equipment and Bupplles, they are the
bravest men I have ever seeii.
"Filipinos arf not military by nature.
They are rather domestic in tastes and
habits, peace loving and industrious.
Nine-tenths of the people of the islands
; will strongly favor peace, even at the ex
pense of some of their theories, wishes
and hopes.
"1 believe that with a liberal govern
ment, such as the United States can and
will establish, they will be a peaceful,
thrifty, bappy people. I believe it was
: a greal misfortune that we were not able
! !<■ give them a chance to sample our
! government before hostilities opened. The.
: only thing we have to fear is from ambi
tious youths, who want to obtain control
for financial reasons, that they may prac
tice what th.- Spanish have taught them.
"Among the Filipinos there are many
cultured people who would ornament i —
ciety anywhere in the world— ladies who
studied and traveled; men who have
had good education and a Hne brain. Take
! them as a class, there ran as many of
tii'-in r> ad and write as the inhabitants in
; man.'- places In America, As for their
' treachery you would not have to come so
■ far as this to find that. There is plenty
 North America. All nations are
i treacherous more <>r less. Some men and
nations have treachery trained out of
then mor< than others.
"What we want is to stop this accursed
'war. It is time for diplomacy, time for
i mutual understandings. These men are
■ indomitable. At Bacor bridge they waited
;i!l the Americans brought their cannon
to within thirty-five yards of their
trenches. Such men have a right to be
heard. All they want is a little justice.
"] established a civil government at
; Belinag with the government entirely in
! the hands of the natives. It worked to
>•< rlfection. All thrse people need for seli
! government is the protection of our troops
tintil affairs have quieted, and then they
; will, 1 have no doubt, advance as rapidly
; as the Japanese— perhaps more rapidly.
! I am very well Impressed with the Fili
pinos."
In giving his own opinions. Rev. Mr.
"I believe the masses in the Philippines
are more intelligent and progressive than
I we thought they were, and f assure you
1 that while I have hope of Protestant mis
here in the future, yet I think as
ral Otis does, that they will have
i hard, stony irround."
other counties in [southern <jaiirornia
have ignored his demands, but now he
proposes to protect his patents.
BPYAN ENTHUSIASTICALLY
RECEIVED AT CARSON
Speaks for Over an Hour From the
Steps of the Nevada
Capitol.
CARSON. Sept. B.— Fully eight thousand
people welcomed William Jennings Bryan
,in this city to-day. He came via Lake
I Tahne. being met at the Lake by Gover
nor Sadler, Controller Davis, ex-Governor
Adams and other leading silver men and
Democrats. A'irgin;.-! City sent a train
; load cf miners to this city, over one thou
i sand coming to welcome the silver cham
pion.
AT 5 o'clock Bryan addressed the peop
from the steps of the Capitol. He dw
mostly on the Philippine question, siat ;
that Nevada and her voters were
right on the silver question, which
with loud applause. He was roust?
interrupted by the cheering, and altho
he .spoke for over an hour, the pei
called for more. He departed for
East on the evening train.
WHIRLWIND PLAYS HAVOC
IN A PRUNE YAN
Two Workmen Fearfully Injured i
Flying Trays at San
Jose.
SAN JOSE, Sept. S.— A whirlwind thi
looked for a minute as though it migl
devel ip into a miniature cyclone 3truc
the drying yard of the Sorosis Fruit Corr.
pany, near Saratoga, about 4 o'clock yea
teroay afternoon, and for a few seconds
the air was full of prunes and trays.
Some of the latter were carried into
the air t" a height of sixteen feet, and
silver prunes, on which the men were
working at the time, were scattered ever
the adjacent territory. One of the flying
trays struck F. H. Suydam. knocking him
down fand breaking a rib. Another struck
S. F. McClure on the ankle, inflicting a
painful though not serious Injury. It was
noted as. a singular circumstance that the
descending trays all landed bottom side
up.
Pelton's Trial Begins.
EUREKA, Sept. s.— The trial of Seth A.
Pelton on a charge of murdering his em-
ployer. Alex Massnn, was commenced this
morning in Department 2 of the Su
perior Court before Judge "U'ilson. Dis
trict Attorney E. C. Cooper is conducting
the case for the people and L,. F. Puter
attorney for defendant. The entire day
was consumed in getting a jury, which
was finally secured, and the court ad
journed till to-morrow.
34
CREW OF
THE WAIKATO
MAY PERISH
The Long Overdue Steamer
Is Sighted by the Bark
en' me Tacora.
■
■
y the
. N . ■ land to
■
: Cape
■
■ i-.en.
kato. which is
rdu*> ai S
•le in
■
■
-
■
bad
,\ er to tra
n sh( was
■
■
•i i:::il
' .. N. W
which
i the
s ! : ■ w; . -! l ■
■
■
:
for S
■
■
■
■
-
GROWING BELIEF THAT
LANDIS WAS MURDERED
Bullet Found in the Ceiling Was i
Not Fired From His
Pistol.
LINCOLN. Sept. B.— There is now no!
doubt that Frank Landis. the young Lin
coln merchant who was found dead In the ;
luck room of his store on August 'j, met |
with foul play. The case has been under !
investigation by Pinkerton detectives j
! hired by the citizens to unravel the mys- !
it-ry, and their findings point unmistak
ably to murder.
i''«ng Ldtidis was killed by a bullet
from a. 38-caliber revolver*, and th£rfact '■
th.it his own pistol of the same T^ilmt :
was found within six rV.-t of Ins body lent '
color to the suicide theory. A 38-caliher :
bull-'t was found in the stairway above '
the body, and it was the opinion of the i
countj officers ihni Land is iir.-d it from
hia pistol to avert suspicion of suicide; re- |
loaded his weapon and discharged a sec- I
end bullet into his heart.
It has now been discovered that the bul- !
let found in the stairway; although a &>- i
c;;h'ber. c<>u! ( ] not have been nred by I
Landis' revolver. It belonged to a cheaper
weapon and was evidently used by a'see-i
ond party. A lamp which Is r usually
lighted In the store at night was seen
burning at 9:30 on the evening of the mur
der, but at 10:37 several people noticed
that it was extinguished. This was before
Landis entered the store. Two parties j
have bon found who heard a noi.se like j
that of falling packing boxes in the rear!
of the store at 10:10 that evening. No
clew to th^ mur.3<rer has been obtained. '
♦ _
NEW OFFICERS OF THE
PRESS ASSOCIATION
J. F. Thompson of the Eureka Times i
Chos?i: President for the
Ensuing Term.
SACRAMENTO, Sept: 8.-^At the meet- j
ing of the California Press Association to- j
day the following officers were elected for
the ensuing year:
President, j. P. Thompson of the Eureka i
limes; vie.- president; Duncan McPher
son of the Santa Cruz Sentinel; secretary !
TV. D. Pennycook of the Vallejo Chroni
cle; treasurer, G. M. Francis of the Napa
K>-si:;ter; executive committee— S il
Haskell <>f the Pomona Progress \Z B.
"U'iilis of the Sacramento Record-lTniorl V
Zi. Lemrcon of thy Santa ttosa Republi
can; Raleigh Barcar of the Vacaville Pt
l-.'rtor. T. G. Daniells of the Alameda \r- !
sus. F. H. Owen of tho Winters Express
and F. H. Swas.-y of the U.-a.Jing- Free i
1 repp.
Tberfollowing wore elected del. gates to
the National Editorial Association; after]
which the convention adjourned sine die- •
,, F - "• of the St Helena Star, :
P. \\. Moore of t!i<. Redlands Facts <;
Aj Oakes of the Hay-wards Journal; F. W t
Richardson of the San Bernardino vTimes-
Index; D. . Ravenscroft of thr- Petnluma '
Courier; alternates-^J. E. Barnes of the ;
lone Kolio, Duncan- McPherson of the
Santa Cruz Sentinel; Wallace Brown of !
tho Mcjuerc-y Cypress- C. It. Smith of the :
I.os Ang-lo? Motel Gazette and Mrs S. A.* :
Huston of the Woodland Alliance ■' \
ASSISTED HIS BROTHER
TO COMMIT CRIME
Arrest of Dav:d Colquhoun for Com
plicity in the Embezzlement of
Public Funds.
■' ■ Iquhoun, a
brother it .1 inn
?ho was ar
itlons
amo
■ ■
t) of Jala ihoun is in
•t of
■
100 of
■
•■ r. tn •
; of doctors who axamined him
not insan<
: •
Section Boss Killed
KINGS CITX, Sf-pt. £.— Edward Smith,
an old section boss stationed at Al. i-/.. or!
tho Southern Pacific Railroad, was run
iver and instantly killed by a gravel train
lay. The unfortunate man had a wife
and child residing at Metz.
Pears'
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
DUMB TO ALL BUT
HIS OWN FAMILY
Strange Plight of a Man Who Is
| Now Wanderiog Amoog
the MouQtaiQS.
8 PASADENA, Sept. Since last Wednesday James; Greenwood of 9
♦ North Pasadena has been wandering about the country homeless and -*
*£ penniless. Greenwood is a strange man. He will not speak to any per- "
0 Bon other than the members of his own family. Yet he can speak and £
> has no hesitancy about making his wants known verbally in his own >
O home. " +
$ Four years ago he had typhoid fever. Since then he has not spoken a ©
♦ single word except in his own house. His mother Is dead and his father 4
5 is at present in the East. An old lady, a neighbor, has been taking; V
$ care of him. To-day and yesterday the old lady has been searching for <}
♦ the lost man. He was last seen walking toward the mountains in La >
j Canyada. noar the foot of the Sierra Madre range. h?
Q He is a tall men with a dark beard, and when approached he Q
-♦• turns away. He cannot make his wpnta known for food and clothintr. -f
O He wandered away from home a few weeks ago and when the policemen O
♦ saw him he ran like a deer. When caught he said never a word. The ♦
5 police tried to frighten him by remarking that they believed he was %
Q shamming and would find out by clubbing him. He winced at this but ©
♦ sat silent until his family took him home. Several hoodlurr.s have g
teased him by shouting at him and making him run. for h? is very swift +.
□ of foot and they like to see him distance his pursuers. N O
X +
© ♦« +O+o+o+o+oKs+C ♦ O ♦ ©♦©♦© ♦ G+O+OiOKHO+O+Q ♦ O ♦ O^OXHt
BATTLE OVER
A RUINED BARN
Owner Defies Authori
ties to Remove It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAN RAFAEL Sept. - An ord< i
Town Trustees directing City
ii John Healj to remove an old di
arn from a l ; owned by Post
■ \V. S. Anderson has i con
of affairs which thn atens s<
1 has thrown the community
■ [ted state. It is
that the removal of the building will have
to be ace implished eith< r bj fore
• id :;. anticipation ol i
iiy will have a numl
no vrh< n the day comes ti • -
the structure from I
■it;.-. Behind tn- es is
......
■ son's
■
;h is the outward caus
. is an unsightly . ramshai kle
- • uated "ii U street . about 150
. th< ... >■■ igh sch< iol bu
■ ■
Nu
■
■
•ompl< - cd.
r of i
■
at the ins! meeting I
- \li r
red to remove It at
zards. Notii ■• to this « Kect waa
. on Anderson '—lay by the clerk
ard. live days
i is master In which I
tion of bi ing a
.• adstrong man, « ho will s1
- ■ :
to look upi
ioard • tnpi to wip< last
his poll leal power,
• bile he would n< I ,
■arrv Tli- 1 affair Into the ••■ rts was.
• ali. -ad for an; bodj . oil cial or I
v. ho ait' mi •
• ■ the building. Mai y Is
mown in ifficia) who kn ws nci\ what
- when In I if his
said to-day I ■ ■ n re
n Ihe last da; of - 1 i ■•■ h i ■
ilri ii • •
affair is the talk of tin
at whal is
s th. Post master's unr
... that tr
I
i'ad i ' re
■ his positioi I 'ed
■ i,i. in
HAD A FORTUNE
HIDDEN IN HIS HUT
Eccentricities of G^org-e H. Pinder
Brought to Light During
Probate Proceedings.
M .!■ »SE, s. ,■•■ • Pi >b it< proci ed
a the will I leorg< ti. Pin
:. blyland'a .-day
....
Ms surrounding the
• - life. Pinder and his wife, who
■ y ii; the wi ' d and coal
i ranclsco, mo\ ed to Sara
ears it" and sei led In a
• : spol In the foothills. fl<- built a
house and s« ; oui a pruni
vas taken of the 1 ! the
••- is allowed to go to ruin.
! In squalor and what appeared
: ' lei died a few months
• in coffin made .- imi
i-.hi' i: he kept i - d for
es. and on his death he
waa pu( in this and buried privately on
Ms n ountain plac< . A search ol
• s showed that he ha<l H5.400 ;:i
tnent bonds. Half of this
tie left • ■ relatives In the East In a wih.
■ been probated, and if an at-
Is made to do so thi widow will
si It. Instead J. 11. Ellsworth has
r" adminlstra-*
ion. Many of Finder's iiPiLchii^rs di
ii was Insane. Pinder was a confirmed
irian. A few : ars ago he paid
r a machine in which he ground up
. almonds and peanuts all together,
jml he lived upon the bread made from
■ ieal almost exclusively for many
!!•■ would not allow salt or lard to
i in the bread.
THREE KILLED BY A
PREMATURE EXPLOSION
Party of Sappers at Fort Mahong.a
Meets With a Terrible
Disaster.
VICTORIA, B. <\. Sept B.— Advices
from the Antipodes state that a terrible
i rcident occurred at Fort Sfahonga, just
utside ot Wellington, X. '/.. Some mem
bers of thf> local torpedo corps were de
tailed to remove an old electric lighting
plant, [i w;is found necessary to < j .vi le
■ • Ig charge* of guncotton.
The sapping party, consisting of Ser-
Olive, Corpora] Black and Sappers
" • and Head, Bet the mir;.- and aad
X the fuse; when thf charge prema
turely exploded. When the smoke and
• ! away, it was found that the
sapping party had been practically
lated. Corporal Black and Sapper
feague were blown to pieces.
MINER FATALLY STABBED.
Assailant Has Fled and Officers Are
Searching for Him.
PI..ACERVILLE, Sept. B.— A serious
stabbing affray occurred at the town of
El Dorado, six miles from this city, last
night, in which T. N. Reese stabbed Wil
liam Felton twice In the abdomen and
once between the short ribs. Felton's
wounds are very serious and it is thought
he cannot possibly recover.
Both men were miners employed at the
i nioii mine. Reese- was Intoxicated and
lollowed Frlton from j>lace to place want-
Ing to fight. Exasperated at last. Felton
turned on his tormentor and was stabbed.
Reese immediately fled and has not yet
-twaen apprehended by the local officers.
Brakeman Injured.
M 11.1.0W5. Sept. S. -Thomas OBrien. a
studmt brakemao on the Fruto branch of
the South Pacific Railroad^ was severely
injured yesterday afternoon about 3
o - c!ock. at Athena Station, about fourteen
miles west ot here, while endeavoring to
make a coupling with a freight car load
ed with ties. O'Brien was seated on the
pilot of the engine ready to couple when
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1899.
■ grlneer hit the car snmfwhat harder
than usual, causing a number of ties to
: ill upon the young man. They struck
him on the head and cut a. gash about
inches long by one broad. The
Injured rn.ni was brought to Willows on
;i special train and placed under the
charge of Dr. 1.. I*. Tooley. Dr. Tooley
says there is positively no hope for the
man's recovery.
AMERICAN CAPITAL
GOING TO THE ORIENT
Dowager Empress of China Induces
Mining Men to Commence Oper
ation in Scezchueii.
PEKING, Sept. S.— The Dowager Km
■ f China to-day caused a telegram
to be sent to Pritchard Morgan, M. P.. to
eed immediately to China and com
mence his mining and commercial opera
tions in the province of Szechuen.
Mr. Morgan replied that he will leave
G . September chlng Peking at
■ October, and bringing with
him a large staff and American capital 3ta
who are Interested in the Morgan enter-
_ «. — __
Returning- to Stanford
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. S.—
It was announced from tl I : the
'■•in to-day that Professor John
Comstock, professor of entomology,
who has been abs< nt on leave for tl
■ ■ years, would be at the university
during the months of January,
February, and March. He will then
a general lecture course on enfbmmog
also m. r< specialized work :'■ i
vaneed students. Mrs. Cotnstock
tnpany him. will also give courses
in na and In wood engraving.
STATEMENT
— < >F THB—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE!
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF.
New York, on the 3ist Jay of Decemrber,
A. I). 1898 and for the your ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 uml (111 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed is per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital £toek, paid up
in Cash $200, 00 00
- ; :ts.
Real Estate owned by Company....
Loans on Hon'ls am! Mortgages....
Cash Market Value of all Stock and
Bonds owned l>y Company $r>O7,noo 00
Amount of I>ians secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities .-.- collateral....
Cash in Company's Office
Cash in Banks 46,405 g2
interest due ami accrued on all
St.. and Loans 4.20S 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
,-in.l Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 36,5*2 63
Bills receivable, nr-t Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks. In-
ternal Revenue Stamps 24 3."
Rents due am! accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses I read paid..
;
Total assets $n54.221 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $6,24100
Losses In process of Adjustment orin
Suspense ; 24,235 no
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning one year or less, J172.462 90;
reinsurance 50 per cent 56.231 45
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning; more than one year, $43.41% 77;
reinsurance pro rata 2!>,542 53
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $030; 16; re-
insurance 100 percent 6,305 78
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Ripks, - ■; reinsurance 50 per
cent
All other demands against the Com-
pany 19,873 28
Total liabilities $17:
INCOME.
Net Cast) actually received for Fire
• premiums — '. 1157,246 Si
Net . Cash actually received for
Marine premiums 6.834 66
Received for interest on Bondi and
Mortgages
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources '..: 23,112 43
Received for Rents
.
Total . income $150.9?4 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) $134, 14
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) 24,903 27
Dividends to Stockholders 30,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ...:...;,.. 62,:.?.' 43
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,473 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 8,! • SO
All other payments and expenditures- 8,98] 20
Total expenditures -iJ? 2 ?i^?Ji !
lire. Marine.
Losses Incurred during;
the year $141,024 14 • 521.504 27
Risks and Premiums. ' Fire Risks, I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks) i- -♦
written during the :-".^ : ;;.
year {$38,889,597 00 $344,312 12
Net amount of Risks
expired during the;
year I 50,884, C35 00 441,353
Net amount In force I
December 31, 1898.... | 21.655,109 00 215,88167
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. 'Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written flurinß the]
veer ; $327,117 QDI $13,352 88
Net amount of Risks J
expired during the
year I 923,79100 .33,125 06
Net amount in force,
December 31, 1898....] 149,036 00 6,305 76
ROBERT C. RATHBOXE. frest.
R. BLEEKER RATHBONE. Secy.
■ Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
27th day of January, 1599.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
WIINFIcLD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL. AGENT,
,215 SANSO/VIE ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO.'
TELEPHONE MAfN 3968
TROUBLE OVER
OLAA LANDS
♦ 7
Squatters Will Fight for
Possession.
♦■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. B.— According
to news received from Honolulu by the
Warrimoo, a public sale of Government
lands shortly to be held there. Will be pro
ductive of no small amount of trouble.
The Olaa squatters, a band of settlers
who have squatted on some rich fertile
Government land on Hawaii, have formed
an association and will light to the bitter
j end to retain the land they have seized.
j The association, which has been named
"The American Settlers' Association," is
i running an advertisement in the Honolulu
: papers giving notice to any who intend
j purchasing the land settled on by them
] of prior claims to it. and that a title to
! the land from the Hawaiian Government
, will, be disputed by them.
The lands under dispute are recently
i surveyed lands In the district of Olaa,
on the island of Hawaii. The Govern
ment intended to open them up to home
steaders under the Hawaiian land laws.
The squatters claim that by the New
lands resolution all public lands of Ha
waii became public lands of the United
! States and do disposition can be made of
'■ them except by act of Congress. The
! sale will not be held until the Washing
ton authorities can be communicated
with.
The squatters hold 'that a judgment
] given by Assistant Attorney General Van
j Deventer, on July 26, ■' supports their con
: tention. The claim of would-be settlers
in a nutshell is, that when they came on
1 the lands they were unoccupied Govern
| ment lands and they have taken them as
I such and made the improvements called
for under the United States laws in this
regard, intending, as soon as the United
States land laws are enforced in the isl
ands, to complete their title. The land in
volved consists of between 6000 . and "COO
acros, which is said to be worth from one
to two hundred dollars per acre, so. that
the amount Involved taking the valuation
of the land at an average figure will not
be far short of. a million dollars.
CROCKER'S BILL DISCARDED.
Firm Is Not Doing Business in Yolo
County.
WOODLAND, Sept B.— Auditor Hadsall
has t;ik- n a stand that Is of great inter
est to newspapers as well as county
officials.
The i:«>ard of Supervisors at the last
meeting allowed a bill for books pre
sented by 11. S. Crocker & Co., and
amounting to $130 34; County Auditor
Charles FXadsall refuses to audit the bill,
giving as-' his reason Section 21 of the
County Government Act of 1897, a part of
which reads as follows: '*No supplies
printing, stationery or I k> shall b< pro
cured of any person or firm whose paper
has not been published or whose plac< of
business has not been established In the
county for one year or more prior to the
tor fixing said prices." Mr. Hadsall
as ;i furthi r reason al to audit
.: . [tea ordinance No. 37, passed
by the Board of Supervisors on February
9, 1898, the language of which is identical
with the State law.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE -
NATIONAL STANDARD
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK; IX THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st daj of December, A. .D.->
189S, and for the year priding on that, day. as
made"to the Insurance Commissioner of the
Stme of California, pursuant to the provision!?'
of Sroti.ins ■•." and *I 1 of the Political Co'dfl I,;'1 ,;'
condensed as pep blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $200.000 00
. ";■-•
Real Estate owned by Company.....
Loans on Bonds an i Mortgages
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company ... $545,000 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Storks and other mar-
ketable securities as collat-ral ....
r«sli in Company's Office
Cash in Hanks 13,908 52
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3,104 17
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 36.332 09
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire an.l Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued. Internal
Revenue Stamps : 20 04
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid
Total assets $595,364 82
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4.713 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 23, om 00
losses resisted, including expenses. 4,330 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one .-.■ leas, $134,066 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 67,033 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $34,631 57;
reinsurance pro rata 24, 05S 60
Gross premiums cm Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent f 15,559 53
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks,. $■ — : reinsurance 50
per cent 17.75 C 41
All other demands against the
Compa ny
Total liabilities .^_ $156, 36
INCOME.
Not Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $167,394 67
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums 6,634 97
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, St ''.-. Loans and from
all other sources 18,986 81
Received for profit on sale of Bonds 639 29
Total income ■ $193.655 65
EXPENDITURE'S.
Net amount paid for Fire \ Losses
(Including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) .; $169,357 07
Net amount paid tor Marine Losses, .
(including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) 20,30172
Dividends to Stockholders 21,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 59.37S 06
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other {
charges".for officers, clerks, etc 3,165 00
Pa4d for State, National and local •
taxes 8,253 83
All other payments and expenditures 2,343 2S
' Total expenditures .!.'. $386.8 01
Louses incurred during the year $1*2, 77.". 67
Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks, | Premiums.
j_ , ,
Net amount of Risks .' '."• ■
! written during the ■
' year $34,870,183 00 $305,491 43
Net ■ amount of Risk? j
; expired during the
year 46.249,03100 405,597 10
Net -,'amount in force
December 31, 1898... ■ L6,5M.0M 00 168,697 58
Risks and" Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $554,564 00 $23,956 62
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 1,570,909 00 56,247 19
Net amount in force j
December 31. 1598....1 423,^39 00] 15,559 56
E. C. CONVERSE, Prest.
R. .BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23th
day of January 1899.
. GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public.
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
:215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968
CYCLE PATH
CONTRACT LET
New Road From Pasa
dena to Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Sept. S.— To-day President
Horace M. Dobbins of the California
Cycleway Company announced the award
iof the contract for building 1 an ele
j vated bicycle path between this city and
Los Angeles. The successful bidders arf
! Patten & Davies, a local firm, that com
peted with nearly every large lumber
company on the coast.
The bid calls for a million and a half feet
of lumber, to* be on the ground by Octo
ber 1. This lumber is now on the way by
previous agreement. Cycleway official?
I will supervise the work without the aid of
BUb-C tntractors.
Three miles of the road are expected to
be finished by January 1. A carload of
creosote stain is on the way bere from
Boston. Stakes are being set for the
street arches and the cuts have been
nearly finished through the foothills be
tween here and Los Angeles. The path
will be of smooth boards, mostly elevated
above ground and elevated at all street
crossings. The path will bo wide enough
to allow cyclists to pass and will he
I lighted by electricity. In the midway
there will be a grand casino for enter
tainments.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFF I
ON THE SCENT.
We are the only company em- \
I ploying steadily a thoroughly ex- |
perienced expert In addition to our !
general boring superintendent,
whose sole duties are the locating
il* of additional oil SCENT. i |
We are the only company em- I
ploying steadily a thoroughly ex- ■
perfenced expert in addition to our ■
general boring superintendent, ■
whose sole duties are the locating I
.if additional "il lands wherev< r I
found. News reached us of a big I
strike in a new territory. Our ex- ■
pert has just left to investigate, n
and if correct will take options H
lor this company on the surround- ■ '■
| ing lands. This plan, pursued I j
I continually, will undoubtedly make ■
I us the w
[STANDARD OIL COMPANY 1
of the Pacific Coast. Our stock- i
holders have made 50 per cent in I j
about a month. 1000 shares are now | ;
on the market .it $-1 50 per share. • : j
Price goes to $5 00 when this is j
■ sold.
PROSPECTUS FREE, giving j
"INSIDE IN FORM A TION. "
(PROSPECTUS FREE, giving
I "INSIDE I H FORMA TION. ' '
I Union Consolidated Oil and I
l l' Transportation Oil and
Transportation Co,,
I 322-323 Parrott Building 1 , |
. I SAN FRANCISCO. V CAL. ]
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
British = America
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO CANADA, ON THE SISTJ
day at December, A. D. 1898, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Call- j
fornla; pursuant to the provisions of Sections I
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as j
per blank furnished by the Commissioner: ;
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $10,000 00'
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by (tampan) 998.072 ,'
Amount of i. ana secured by pledge
of Bonds., Stork? and other market-
able securities as collateral j
i 'ash in Company's ol Bee
Cash in Banks 42,188 60
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 9,712 31
Interest due and accrued on Bonds - :
and Mortgages
Premiums in due course of. Collec-
tion 20;". 77
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 6,368 4S
. — __ — , — j
■ Total Assets $1,271,431 11
LIABILITIES,
Losses adjusted and unpaid $00.602 05
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 57,889 69
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. i),sso 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risk? run-
ning one year or less, $635,753 31; re-
Insurance 50 per cent 317,576 67
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $425, 35S 55;
reinsurance pro rata 225.096 72
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $30,459 07;
reinsurance 100 per cent 3", 453 07
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $5,765 77; reinsurance 50 per
. cent 2.552 S9
All other demands against the Com-
pany 60,764 04
Total Liabilities $788,461 13
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $858,633 71
>"• ; Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums , • 161,655 57
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages -'..'. i -
Received for interest on Bonds,
Stocks, Loans and from all other
sources 42,776 «4
Total Income $1.063.065 32 |
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $ , losses of pre-
vious years) $549,078 67
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $.... ..losses of pre-
vious years) .'. 117,717 90
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 198,898 25
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 49,032 42
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 81,890 87
All other payments and expendi- \
ture t 76,007 90 ;
Total Expenditures $1,017,625 9!» j
Losses incurred during the year... $fi76,575 56
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risk?; <
written during the
year $108,120,761 $1,128,965 89
Net amount of Risks ■
expired during the
year 94,627,756 : 1,157,918 70
Net amount in force
December 31, IS9S 106,710,300 | 1,061.141 I
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
— — ; —
Net amount of Risks \
written during the
year $23,263,603 $208,177 71
Net amount of Risks
expired during . the
year ...w [ 23,503,502 213,833 21
Net amount in force
December 31. IS9B | 1,876,154 I 36,224 84
J. J. KENNY, Vice President.
P. H. SIMS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, 1899. H. D. GAMBLE.
Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Weekly Call, $1.00 DerYear,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE — -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS j
' OF THE ■
WESTERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
;OF TORONTO. IN THE DOMINION OF
U Canada, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1898, and for the year ending on that day. .
a3 ide to the Insurance Commissioner of tn
State of California, pursuant^to the Provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
■ missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash
ASSETS.
1 Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...... $-0.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 1.-63,140 id
| Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
: ketable securities as collateral....
Cash in Company's Office iv Jog 66
i Cash in Banks • •■ lal —'•><* j
Interest due and accrued on all
! .Stocks and Loans ;;'"V
Interest due and accrued en Bonds
and Mortgages .■•.■■,■,"'■."■ 202.958 03
1 Premium.- In due Co urse o< i pUectlon -02,9j8 w
! Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 4 ( ,«w •-
Rents due and accrued ■■
Due from other companies for re-
j insurance on losses already paid.. ■
Total Assets ..81.684.570 S9
LIABILITIES.
I Losses adjusted and unpaid $82,697 64
1 Losses in process of Adjustment or i
in Suspense os.aio •*
Losses resisted, including expenses... 14,049 16
• Gross premiums on Fire RisKs run-
• ning one year or less, $903,630 00;
! reinsurance 50 per cent 4it>,»io w
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on year, 1*38,082 83
reinsurance pro rata .- at.no it.
! Gross premiums on Marine and In-
| land Navigation Risks, $50,87721; „
i reinsurance 100 per cent ou.sm <.i
' Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $17,286 21; reinsurance 50 per
! cent ■ *,b4S iw
Commissions and Brokerage due and ,„„-.,,
I to become due 30.9j4 -A
Total Liabilities $1,074.511 70
zz^
INCOME.
! Not Cash actually received for Fire |
! premiums $1,380,636 51
! Net Cash actually received for Ma- i
rine premiums 280,570 06 ■,
Received for Interest en Bonds and
Montgagts 2,116 23
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 46,506 68
Received for Rents
Total Income 11.709 ■ 68
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding t losses of pre-
vious years) $SSS,I47 55 ;
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
Including $ losses of pre- ;
vious years 246, C0S 61 ]
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 308,257 56 |
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 51,858 00!
Paid for State, National and local !
taxes 48,481 24
All other payments and expenditures 146.352 S6 j
Total Expenditures ..H. 689,906 82
Losses incurred during the year. fire... 5847,376 77
Losses incurred during the year, ma-
rine .'. 269,305 11
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. 1 Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year | $162,181,141 $1,723,599 25
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 140,744,979 1,787,869 60 I
N. amount in force
December 31, 1838.... 160,065,440 ! 1.591.712 S3
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. [Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year I $35,874,054 : $306,57123
Net amount of Risks! |
expired during the
year | 36.913,977 317,524 06
Nit amount in forcei
December 31. 18W | 4,128.488 68,173 42
. .T. J. KENNY. Vice President.
C. C. FOSTER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
! day of January. iv f '
W. B. RAYMOND, Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL fIGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
. _ ■ —^— —^—
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE — -
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG, IN THE EMPIRE OF i
Germany, on the 31st day of December. A. j
D. 1898, and for the year ending on that day. !
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th« :
State of California, pursuant to the- provisions i
of sections 610 and Oil of the Political Cod*. ;
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: — „
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital stock, paid up in
Cash $750,000 00
ASSETS.
1 Real Estate owned by Company $.',-10,129 12
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1,211,031 3S
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ..nd
. Bonds owned by Company 2,i:6,459 19
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
; of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
' able securities as collateral 78,750 00
Cash In Company's Office 14.208 32
Cash In Banks 228,854 79
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 8,876 66
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 282,814 38
Due from other companies for rein-
surance 607.327 64
Total Assets $5,108,481 48
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 539.523 78
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,598,239 78
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $ ;
reinsurance pro rata 274.555 77 I
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 2900 00
All other demands against the Com- •
Pany ; 216.317 75
Total Liabilities $2 631 543 03
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $a SIS 125 72
Received for Intere:^ on Bonds and
Mortgages 47 •>«; Id '
Received for Interest and dividends ' !
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources Rq -,« -j
Received from all other sources.."."!! 6S.'SSS IS
Total Income ..$4,023,530 CO
« EXPENDITURES
Net amount paid for Fire Losses fin-
eluding Wn.lM 98. losses of ore
vlous years) X „-„ cnc - o
Dividends to Stockholders.. !!! si?-n^ AX
Paid or allowed or Commission' or "°° °°
Brokerage Ullor ... —»
Paid for Salaries. Fees" and '" other M
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 212 249 m
taxes 0 "" St " tP ' Natlonal ai > d local ' 86
All other" 'payments "and" expend 75 " 131 86 ;
63 • 143. 90S 86
Total Expenditures 14 109 irr in \
Losses Incurred during th year.-flreioJK -«
RUDO^^/RN^Te^tary 106 PreSld ' nt -
<*? i sffi&F a &r ai t 0 before me thls " th ;
MaSuT M - DI^ DE^CH. U. S. Consul at
GUTTE & FRANK,
MANAGERS,
i PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
303 CALIFORMAST.,|
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
 ». *
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY ON THE 31ST
day of December, -A. D. IS9S. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
-1 nla pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash ;••••
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.....
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company JWi.USZ cfl
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in company's office r?*^- " : '
Cash in banks ■ — ; *•.'•< s "
Certificates of deposits in hands of _
United States Trustees V"",," M.4K ' '
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and stocks I 0 -™ 1 ' '
Premiums in due course of collection.. '1.013 43
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid...
Total assets $781.561 7S
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid % I.S2S 3C
Losses In process of 'adjustment or in
suspense "?• *-\ !>
Losses resisted. Including expenses o.SL. M
Gross premiums on tire risks running
one year or less. $377,919 99; rein- ,„ „. „.
surance 50 per cent 155.960 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, 1212.339 43; re-
Insurance pro .rata l_o,-il 46
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent
Total liabilities ...■5372.293 54
INCOME.
] Net cash actually received for fire !_',
, premiums $043, v- a
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums •
Received for interest on Bonds ana
Mortgages • • .......
Received (or interest and dividends on
bonds,' stocks, loans, and from all ,
other sources 1?'?H ?;
I Received from all other sources 21,300 45
Total Income .$590.295_71
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $ losses of previous
years) 1322,438 SI
Net amount paid for -Marine Losses
(including % ■ losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ■ 143,408 Oo
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc...... 31,4j3 1j
Paid for State, national and local _
t£LX(?S • 9 t *.l** I?
All other payments and expenditures.. 44.389 88
Total expenditures ...■55.'0,902 03
Losses incurred during the year, fire. .5323,528 40
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year H5,608.654 $71?,04S 71
Net amount of risks
;*T: 1 ..:: v :! n *... lh " 64.245.511 720.45479
Net amount in
* December 31. IS9S i 50,716,122 I 550,259 42
ADOLPH LOEB. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of April, 1899.
MARK A. FOOTE, Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT*
213 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
V. CARUS DRIFFIELD, Manager
11. DANKER, Assistant Manager.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. # D. 1898, and for the
year ending on that day,' as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner;
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid Up in
Cash ■■ $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,241,050 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 4,0*0-00
Cash in Banks 134,724 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14, 105 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 135.339 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 7,816 00
Stamps on hand 1.032 00
Total Assets $1,541,101 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $203,150 00
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $. ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 144.575 00
All other demands against the Com-
pany 27,052 00
Total Liabilities $350;~7 00
IX -OME.
Net Cash actually i. reived for Ma-
rine premiums 1518,185 00
Received for tntere, and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 37.55100
Total Income $55:».736 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. $415.72fi 00
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00 ,
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers clerks, etc — 40,846 90
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 6.995 10
All other payments and expendi-
tures
Total Expenditures "• $516,795 00
Mai
Losses Incurred during the year •?462.3. ! 1l 00
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risksj
™' t " n ...: lUrin * . tbe . *7 915 53.345 $.63,102 00
Net amount of Risks!
expired- during thej 80.8 M.198 rA9»OO ■
Iggng^l 8:163,615 ; 144. 5 7500
j, WILLIAMSON, President.
TOHV GICK Secretary.
Subscrtbed and sworn to before me th 2d
day of February, 1839. J.^S&L
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS,
215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
TBLEPHON E JYIfKIN 9965.
\JS/330 MAR™™. 'slS*^NATIVE SONS FALL BY NIGHT
ON THE CITY OF SANTA CRUZ
Joyous Crowd Takes
Train for the Big
Carnival.
It Will Be Joined fc>y Many Others
to Participate in Admission
Day Exercises.
TTTF.Y'P.F. off- every Native Pon of
them. M( ■' score of local
• night for Santa
Cruz and twice as many more
■ to catch the first train this i
irnlval city, where suHi
m has been made to '■
rsary of Admission
Th' t tending the departure of
iven if on a smaller
:ent of the big night
tion with which San Fran-
I the returning California
volunteers. The only features mis
i\»Te the uncontrollable crowds and the
■' electric lights. There
na? a parade and a good sized one at
hat; there were red tire and rockets and
candles; there were brass
-. any number of them, and drum
iurn; there were waving flags
hi ers and th< re was Jim Dock< ry,
:h.> procession, looking as
as a new milkwagon. with a sash
d his midriff that made it appear
is if he wore emerging from a sunburst.
parade was formed on Mason and
"l.^ai" ■ ' Native
Sons' Hall and the scenes in that neieh
lorho • ■ the start were indicative
■>f the certainty of a g 1 time ahead.
Banners fluttered and flags flaunted in
he evening breeze; badges (lapped on
nany a breast; men of the First Cali
'■■rnia Volunteer Regiment"^and of the
•alifornia Heavy Artillery, many of
hem members of th.^ order, all guests
f the San Francisco parlors, mingled
lumerously with the crowd; ticket sel
pv? were thick as a Scotch mist: men
.vith beribboned canes did a lively bus
ness and small boys with boutonnieres
urned many an honest nickel.
The grand marshal and his aids made
gigantic figures in th" large shadows
ectric lights and for a
ew minutes before the time appointed
i>r the start were everywhere at onee —
n some places twice — "Napoleon"
'"agen. like the First Consul, on a white
which h» said he had borrowed.
rhere was method in their movement,
lowever little the crowd could
>romptly at S o'clock by Dave Martin's"
ick'-t. punch, the man in charge of the
ivrntpphnlfi disnlav shot ud a rocket,
EL CHPITAN
MARCHES AND
MERRY MUSIC
WTTKTHER the big-wigs of music
■ Sousa as a writer of
opera or not. no reluctant
tills the chairs
his productions are staged, and If they
not so classical aa a certain fifth
symphony, neither are ■. ry as a
spected. His musical Intelligence is
. xpressed it, no hesitating tones— he b< ■ma
nothing in reserve and it would
fflcult l - '3e the possibilil
■•• work by his last production,
me j,,. alw to have frankly
(,;,! all thai ■ say and meant to
But it Is good, jolly
the time count is possible from
jirst to las' without interruption, and
. a better mood than
• . ■ thm of a 9 >usa march. Marches
• the Grand Opera
i ■• no effortless productions,
"El < :apltan" is i 8]
mere
r mi k< - It Int a study
bit of
md many are the
b. Mr. w olf makes a good i •
• him might
lo I. with a reservation. It is
a El Capitan, but Xl < lapi
..- .Mr. Wolf. A certain cultivated
v [.: riag< needs adjusting,
, his monot nous elocution. In
I saw a Bhad< of im-
II was not mere fancy.
]ii= tone production lias Beemed like the
: < l <- : i t i t >■ of a bad bass In what
had otherwise been a good composition.
11 Mr. Wolf were not clever and intelli
.'ich criticism would be a foolish
waste if time, but he has been applauded
these exaggerations be needs to
.. it over nn<\ make a resolute, vigor-
I .ci ful dash for variety. i I be
1,, will gam Immeasurably as an
■ and win applause more worthily.
Hla drinking song Is an excellent piece of
mak< a a dignified
Isabel and Mr. Persse, fuve for the Celtic
•h' dialogue, a satisfactory
Miss Ladd's Kstrelda
rit and dash, but it is a rather
tisfactory part, if Taciturne makes
erfectly hideous she has, l sup
fulfilled her mission. As a fright,
VI die Arnold is superlative. The I
■ r-.- • carefully cast and well set.
la's "Stars and Stripes," with the
waving flajjs and calcium effects, the
ed for bi:t ever enjoyable em
.c stirring choruses, was ap
>d to the echo. Mr. Morosco's
Ls to the opera expire with this pro
duction, so it is not likely to be heard
again. "Fatinltza" is in pr<
CHAKLOTTB THOMPSON.
HARRY SAMUELS AND
META ASHER CONCERT
The musical season was opened under
the most auspicious circumstances at
Rherman-Clay Hall on Thursday, when
Miss Meta Asher and Harry Samuels
made their initial bow after their return
fn.m abroad, where they spent several
years in study with some of the foremost
masters. Every available space was oc- j
1. which was a compliment to the |
Lgerial ability of Sir Henry Heyman, .
under whose direction the concert was j
given. It was a most flattering tribute to
the young, artists that the audience con
sisted of San Francisco's foremost music
lovers ajid included many members of thu |
"swell" set. Both young musicians have
reason to feel proud of the cordial re
ception accorded them.
The playing of the beneficiaries soon
showed that they were fully entitled to
ration bestowed upon them. Harry
Bamuels demonstrnfil that he had not I
. . ;i remarkably flueni technique and a j
iind sure attack, but that he lists an i
c temperameni which manifests It
effective and intelligent execution,
i tone Is large and commanding and
I is legato and staccato passages are ;
ered with refreshing accuracy. While |
idered every number In a highly |
.ible. manner, it will not be a mistake
I >'lect the "Faust" fantasia as his
achievement, for herein the tech
intricacles and emphatic sentiment
. manded the skill of the artist as well
as the phenomenal memory of the genius.
Any one willing to give credit to those;
who deserve it will not be unwilling to ,
acknowledge- the urti-tic superiority of j
Harry Samuels as a violinist. It reflects j
much credit upon Sir Henry Heyman |
that this yi/ung man was his pupil, and i
touched off a bunch or red fire and the
parade started. It marched as follows:
Platoon of Police.
Grarwl Marshal Dockery and Aids.
FIRST DIVISION.
Marshal Ed Taaffe find Aids.
Blam-hard's Band.
« 'alii irnla Tailor Nn. 1.
Mission Parlor No. SS.
First California Regiment Band.
i • r No. 29.
California Volunteers.
SECOND DIVISION.
Marshal Leo Veillor and Aids.
Alumni Drum Corps.
El Dorado Parlor No r >2.
Bay City Parlor No. 104.
National Parlor Drum <"orps.
National Parlor No. 118.
Alcatraz Parlor No. 145.
THIRD DIVISION.
Marshal Del B. Bowley and Aids.
Hamilton Evening School Hand.
Nlantic Parlor No l ■:.".
Alcalde Parlor No. 154.
Pan Francisco Drum Corps.
San Francisco Parlor No. 49.
Stanford Parlor No. 76.
THIRD DIVISK >N*.
Marsha! A. K. Daggett aiid Aids.
Hespi rian Pnrl ir Rand.
Hesperian Parlor No. 137.
Precita Parlor No. 187.
Marshal] Drum Corps.
Marshall Parlor No. 202.
Not less than 2000 men were in line —
maybe more. Down .Mason to Market
it marched, headed by a wagon t-pout
ing red fire, and down Market to the
ferry, crowds on both sides of the
street cheering as. they passed. Cali
fornia Parlor, the banner parlor of the
organization, which had the honor of
furnishing tho grand marshal for the
parade, led the way for the other na
tives. For one reason and another it
made a small turnout, hardly exceeding
in number the band preceding it with
its drums and its dozen pair of lungs
announcing- the now familiar "Hot
Time." In spite of lack of numbers,
however, it marched jauntily with the
knowledge that It would be reinforced
to-day in such numbers as to make far
from a poor showing In the big Admis
sion day parade.
Mission Parlor No. 3t5, which followed
next, was strong in number, its mem
bers beautifully badged for the occa
sion. Immediately on their heels came
the band of the First California Vol
- Regiment, leading the members
af Golden Gate Parlor No. 29. who car-
he must fppl nrmifl to find him returr
from his studies abroad endowed with
such talent ami efficiency.
Miss Meta Asher lias acquired a splen
did control <>f the technical difficulties
demanded by the advanced pianist. Bar
ring a little nervousness, which always
ere« ps into the first pieces of a pro
gramme, th^ young lady did not by any
means disappoint those of her admirera
who expected to find her a splendidly
equipped musician. She takf-s= proat paina
In coloring her recital and she seems en
dowed with a natural p"»-tic t.-mperament
which assists her greatly In Interpi
hrr pieces with musiclanly taste. Her
ition is <-lt-an and Intellectual. Her
attack is firm and yet Boft, il«-r Chopin
•ions were no doubt her best work of
th« evening.
Arthur Fickenscher accompanied skill
fully and Bhowed that he is an accom
panist liar excellence. Arthur Weisn
played the collo part of the "Pirani" trio
with liis usual finish. Extravagant praise
does not always sound agreeably, hut
when two young people prove themselves
worthy of !t. It would be a grave mistake
to withhold the same from th^m.
ALFRED MKTZGER.
CANTEEN BILLS.
One of the things brought back by the
First California Regiment from the
islands Is a debt on the canteen account.
which the officers of the command are
now trying to adjust. When the rai
ment was In Manila flßhr of the com
panies went into a canteen scheme. The
plan was all right as a scheme, but not
as a business proposition, and when the
regiment was ordered to Negros the can
teen was somewhere near Si'oo in debt.
First one battalion was ordered away and
then another, and in ihf hurry of depar
ture find the general mixup incident to
the separation of the companies the ac
counts of th<» canteen got In a bad tangle.
The canteen was run by a board of ofll
cers consisting of Captain O'Xell, Cap
tain Connolly and Lieutenant McGurren.
Lieutenant McGurren was the canteen
officer and he did all the purchasing.
When the regiment came together again,
one of the principal matters it partially
settled up was tho canteen account, but
when it left Manila there was still due
to the American Commercial Company
$900 Mexican, or less than $5'X» in coin of
this realm.
There have been several officers meet
ings to decide in what way this money
shall be made good, but in it all there
Is no preposition to place the blame upon
Lieutenant McGurren.
The money will have to be raised by
assessment or some similar way, but that
it Will be secured is certain. The regi
ment lias had the benefit of all money « x
nended and all supplies purchased. There
are some outstanding accounts and some
of the property of the canteen was lost.
Both of these items are included in the
bill outstanding. The matter will be set
tled before the regiment has been mus
tered, out. ,
TPIE SA:N FRANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1599.
ADMISSION DAY PROGRAMME AT SANTA CRUZ.
QUANTA CRUZ, Sept. 8. — This city is astir with preparatio yis for the reception of the Native
Sons and the celebration of Admission day. Her Majesty Queen May has announced as
her maids of honor Miss Stella Finkeldey, Miss Alice Culverzvell and Miss Adcle Bennett.
All are members of the local parlor of Native Daugliiers, Miss Finkeldey being a past president.
She is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Warner Ftnkeldey and is a popular teacher in the public
schools. Miss Culverwell is also a past president of Santa Cruz Parlor. She is a daughter of
Mrs. E. A. Culverzvell. Miss Bennett is a daughter of Mrs. M. Bennett and is treasurer of Santa
Cruz Parlor.
Queen May has selected her coronation robes. They are of heavy white brocaded satin, em
broidered in gold, with heavy plush court train trimmed in ermine. She will wear a jeweled crown,
belt and a necklace of diamonds.
The programme for to-day's celebration provides that aids to the grand marshal, aids to di
vision marshals and division marshals will report mounted at 10 o'clock this morning to the chief
aid in front of the Courthouse on Cooper street. The officers of the Grand Parlor will assemble at
the Courthouse at 10:30 a. m. sharp, where they will be received and assigned to carriages. All par
lors and other organisations must be in their assigned positions atid ready to move at 10:30 sharp.
The signal to advance will be given at 1 1 o'clock sharp. All divisions will form in not less
than columns of fours. After the parade a programme of literary exercises will be given at the
armory. During the afternoon and evening receptions will be given at headquarters of parlors as
follozvs:
Duncan House, Niantic No. 705; Courthouse, Piedmont No. 120, Olympus No. 180, Na
tional No. 118; Knights of Pythias Hall, Precita No. iSj; lower Masonic Hall, California No.
1 ; De La Mater Hall. Sequoia No. 160; Dabclich building, Marshall Nn. 202; Pease building. Hes
perian No. 137; over Williams' store. Presidio No. iqj; Hotel St. George, Stanford No. 76, Oak
land No. 50, Yerba Bucna No. 84; Pacific Ocean House, Pacific No. 10, El Dorado No. 52, Athens
No. 10 5; Neary Hall, Golden Gate No. 20; V. M. I. Hall, Rincon No. 72; Arion Hall, Alcalde
No. 757; Sea Beach Hotel, San Jose parlors; Native Sons of the Golden West Hall, Santa Cruz
Parlor Native Sons of the Golden West and Native Daughters of the Golden West.
In the evening a complimentary ball to the visiting Native Sons and Native Daughters will
be given by Santa Cruz Parlor No. 00 at the Armory ; music by Hastings' band of Santa Cruz.
Native Sons and ladies will be admitted to the ball free. Tickets for admission to the ball will
be distributed by the ball committee, James H. Williamson chairman.
CHINESE GAMBLERS RAIDED.
Twenty-Nine Wily Celestials Are
Taken Into Custody by the
Chinatown Squad.
While Sergeant Puke -was absent from
his district in Chinatown last night tele
phoning nice things about himself to a
morning newspaper th<- squad he is sup
posed to lead raided Tie Gow's fan-tan
gam.- at 819 Washington street.
As a result of the raid twenty-nine
gamblers were captured along with their
complete paraphernalia an<3 $68 in coin.
Tie Cows place is known as the I'nion
League Club of Chinatown a.!"! has given
the police trouble for a long time on ac
count of the i !< verness in which Its man
agers and members have eluded arrest.
It has been the custom of the players
to place their gambling outfit in a safe
the moment the bluecoats were spotted
by the lookout, thus leaving no evidence
in sight by which they could be taken
Into court. This trick w:is repeated last
night by the wily Chinese, but this time
it did not work, for the reason that one
of the officers had had the forethought
to provide himself with a search warrant.
By virtue of this, the safe was opened
and the paraphernalia secured. The cap
tured Chinese were escorted to the Cali
fornia-street station.
Husband Lost in the Klondike
Two years ago J. Brown, a laborer,
went to the Klondike in the hope of Im
proving his worldly condition. For a while
he wrote and sent money to his wife and
little ones, now living at 713^ Minna
street. He stated that he was doing fairly
well. Finally the letters and remittances
ceased to come, and the family is now in
destitute circumstances. Mrs. Brown has
requested Secretary Beanson of the Eu
reka Society for the Protection of Chil
dren to help her ascertain if the husband
and father is dead or alive. Mrs. Beanson
lias written to the police of Dawson for
information.
Must Pay the Judgment.
William Belycft and J. C. Rodgers en
tered into a written contract with Mrs. L.
M. Bigelow to construct a building of
eight Hats for her on Bush street. The
work was sub-contracted to C. A. Ma
comber, John Tuttle and J. C. Reid, who
furnished the material and performed the
labor. The latter filed mechanics' lien." on
the property, consolidated their suits and
received judgment for the amount due.
The case was appealed to the Supreme
Court, and yesterday an opinion was
handed down affirming the Judgment of
the lower court.
HEADED FOR
SANTA CRUZ
RAWHIDE MINE SUIT.
The Owners Win — Sale by George M.
Pinney Set Aside.
News comes from Boston that yesterday
the. Supreme Court of Massachusetts up
held the judgment rendered by the lower
court in favor of Nevilla, Martin and Bal
lard, the owners of the Rawhide mine,
and against Norton, Pinney and associ
ates, the opinion holding that the sale of
the mine which George M. Pinney pre
tended to make to one Norton was illegal
and void.
The facts as shown on the trial of the
case are that some four or five years ago
George M. Pinney, who is not entirely
unknown In this State, induced the own
ers of the Rawhide mine to give him a
letter of attorney to sell their stock on
the Boston Mining Board upon certain
terms and conditions, one of which wa.s
that all sales of the stock should be for
cash and the money be turned into a
bank in Boston for the owners, it being
agreed that this bank should hold the
stock until it was sold. Pinney was a
mere broker to find customers and was
not Intrusted with the stock or the money
coming from the sales. Not long after
this arrangement there was a big im
provement in the mine, and Pinney, as
suming to act for the owners, made an
agreement with Norton to sell him the
whole stock upon eight or nine months'
lime. Th<» owners promptly repudiated
this transaction, claiming that Norton was
a man of straw and that the whole busi
ness had been concocted by Pinney and
his confederates, including one Pierre
Humbert Jr., to cheat and defraud his
principals. Suit wa.s thereupon brought
against the owners for damages on ac
count of refusing to carry out this Illegal
snle, which has now been finally dvclaed
against Norton and his associates.
CROWDS VIEW THE PLANS.
University Designs Will Be on Public
Exhibition Until Next Tuesday.
The Hearst plans for the new State
University will be on public exhibition
at the ferry depot until next Tuesday
evening. At that time the work of dis
mounting and repacking the rejected de-
Blgns preparatory to Bhipping them back
to Europe will be begun. The plans that
were awarded prizes in the architectural
contest become the property of the uni-
I versity Regents, but what disposition will
be made of them has not as yet been defi
nitely decided. The Benard plans, which
Won the first prize and after which the
new university buildings will be de-
I signed, will unquestionably lie taken to
| Berkeley and will likely be placed In the
Bacon art gallery. It is proposed to send
I the other prize-winning plans to the Hop
| kins Institute of Art.
Crowds inspected the designs all day
yesterday and in the evening until 10
o'clock, wlu-n the doors t<> the exhibit
were dosed. Harry Newman, Paul
Smith, William Mitchell and Eugene
i Crowe of the Morse Patrol have charge
iof the police end of the exhibit. They
have been complimented by Mrs. Hearst
arnl the university representatives for the
careful watch they have kept on the val
uable designs.
KENVILLE IS ACQUITTED.
Policeman Frank Kenville. who was
charged with having fractured the "kull
of little Willie Lynch, on the evening of
September : V M last in front of Wood
ward's Pavilion, was acquitted \esterday
by a jury in Judge Cook"s court He was
charged with .in a?sauit to comnit mur
der, but the Jury decided that he was un
justly accused, and sot him free.
On the night of the assault charged.
Willie Lynch, with a number of
companions, was playing in the vicinity
of the pavilion. Kcnville ordered them
away, and as they did not obey he hurled
his club among: them. Willie Lynch was
picked up In an unconscious condition and
examination disclosed the fact that he
had sustained a fracture of the skull.
Citizens who saw the boy fall took- the
stand during the trial of Kenville and
swore that he threw the club that injured
the boy for life. On the other hand, the
defense proved that some stones had been
thrown into the crowd during the even-
Ing and that if the wound was not caused
by one of the stones they claimed that
the lad received his hurts by failing to
the pavement.
Great Street Parade of
Parlors to the Ferry
Depot.
California Volunteers March in
Line Witn Tnem Under the
Rockets* Red Glare.
ried in their midst a red glass trans
parency.
Then came the feature of the parade,
as it was of th<» big reception parade
and wiil be of the procession this morn
ing at Santa Cruz. Marching six
abreast came the men of the First Cal
ifornia Volunteer Regiment, head
ed by Lieutenant Colonel Box
ton and other officers, and
members of the California Heavy
Artillery, led by Captain Dennis
Geary. Without respect to company
affiliation they marched, some in blue,
some in khaki, and all together, to re
ceive cheer after cheer on their way.
The second division, headed by Mar
shal Leo Veiller, marched to the music
made by the Alumni drum corps at
tached to El Dorado Parlor No. 52,
which turned out no less than 100 mem
bers. Bay City Parlor followed with as
large a turnout. National Parlor, with
badges suggestive of the name,
marched in numbers after its own
drum corps. Alcatraz Parlor made a
fine showing of members and brought
up the rear of the division.
The boys of thj> Hamilton Evening
School Band, in white duck trousers,
dark uniform coats and helmets from
which floated bunches of yellow horse
hair, set the step for the third division,
headed by Marshal Bowley and his
aids. Alcalde and Niantic parlors fol
lowed. The drum corps and the other
marching members of San Francisco
Parlor No. 49 made a large and splen
did showing, while Stanford Parlor No.
76, its members in white hats with red
bands, brought up the rear of the divi
sion.
Hesperian Parlor's band of fourteen
pieces, in caps and uniforms of white
duck, led the fourth and last division,
under the direction of Marshal A. K.
Daggett. Hesperian Parlor's turnout
of members seemed to be the largest
in the line. Precita and Marshall par
lors, with their drum corps, ended the
parade.
The demonstrations as the parade
passed along Market street were pleas
ing in the extreme. Rockets were shot
from many buildings, red fire lent its
GRAND JURORS DRAWN.
Twenty Additional Names Added to
the List of Talesmen.
Judge Daingerfield will draw the new
Grand Jury next Tuesday. Yesterday
twenty additional names were drawn and
with the eighteen heretofore ordered to
report, thirty-eight talesmen will appear
in court on the day named.
Those drawn from the box yesterday
and summoned to appear are:
William H. Little, 311 Scott street; Pierre
Droyileml. TIS Turk street; R. M. Hotallng, 1776
California street; William Wright, 3108 Bu
chanan street; A. C. Freese, sia Fell street;
Patrick J. Healy, 529 Mission street; Louis 11.
Mead, Hotel Bella Vista; Jacob Levi Jr., 117
Market street; Augustus Tillman, 313 Minna
street: J. P. Kennedy. 1727 Pine street; Wil
liam Haas, 100 California street; Wendell Kas
ton, 63S Market street; William J. Bryan, 1522
Pine street; James Humphrey, 516 1 ? Geary
street; John R. Doyle, 1575 McAllister street;
J. P. McMurray, 1420 Hayes street; E. X.
Fritz, 101 Frederick street: Z. U. Dodge, 2306
Sutter street; Llpman Sachs, Bush and San
some streets, and George F. Gray, 228 Mont
gomery street.
ROSENBERG COMPLAINS.
Seeks the Arrest of the Managers of
the Union Iron Works.
Secretary Rosenberg of the Federated i
Trades Council called at the office ofj
United States Attorney Coombs yester- I
day and asked that a complaint be drawn
against the managers of the Union Iron
Works for violating the Federal eight
hour law. He said that men working en
the Government transport Hancock were
obliged to labor ton hours each day.
Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning, to whom the complaint was made,
requested Mr. Rosenberg to call on Mon
day, as he df sired to occupy the interven-
Ing period in examining authorities as to
whether the Federal eight-hour law ap
plied to work on Government transports
In time of war. The statutp prohibits the '■
employment of laborers and mechanics on
Government work for more than eight
hours per day, "except in cases of extra
ordinary emergency."
Mr. Banning has written a letter to the
managers of the Union Iron "Works noti
fying them of the complaint made by Sec
retary Rosenberg.
■ ♦ ■
Paradox in Polioe Court.
C. Cardella. a blacksmith, and William
Douglass, a carpenter, were charged be
fore Judge Mogan yesterlay with fast j
driving. The evidence of Policemen Wol
webber and O'Connell, who made the ar
rests, showed that Sunday evening the
defendants were In a dog cart and that
they drcve over the railroad crossing at
Twenty-ninth street at a fast gait, which ;
was against the law. They chased them
in an electric car, and when they reached '
them they found thorn both asleep. The
Judge dismissed the case, as the defend
ants did not have any intention of break
ing the law from the fact that they were
asleep.
glare to the electric lights to illumine
the way and the usual Pan Francisco
early evening- crowd had no difficulty
in massing itself in such numbers as
I absolutely to bar street car travel for
the time being.
II took nearly twenty minutes for the
parade to march from Mason street to
the ferry depot, with every step
cheered and no stop lost on the wny.
As the head of the line crossed East
I street numerous whistles nn the watr-r
I front tooted in honor of their arrival
i and there was an extra great flare of
red fire.
Ten minutes were left in which to
catch the boat for tiio Oakland mole
! and in that short space of time the.
I natives made things hum in the ferry
building. Every band and each drum
corps did its level best to whoop
j things up, and the universal verdict is
that they accomplished their purpose.
It. was a whoop-up worth seeing and.
hearing and was just th" necessary
touch to give the boys thp send off
they needed to make them bury any lit
tle regret they might have had at leav
ing Pan Francisco for ever so short a
I time for such a pleasant place as Santa
Cruz in carnival time.
The scone on the boat going over was
just as hilarious and that on the mole
was a duplication. The great crowd
piled on the gayly decorator! excursion
I train shortly before 9 o'clock, and latest
I advices from Santa Cruz are that the
hilarity was at its height when the na
j tives hit that holiday town shortly
I after midnight.
A large number of natives who were
I unable to get away last night will take
I the train at 6:25 o'clock this morning
and reach ?anta Cruz in time to par
ticipate in the Admission day parade,
which is scheduled for 11 o'clock this
j morning.
SANTA ORFZ, Sept. 9. 12:15 a. m.— The
; first train with Native Sons' parlors ar
rived at 12:10 this morning. Two other
trains followed. They were received by
the local parior with a band. A proces
sion was formed and the visitors amid
the glow of re<] lights were escorted to
thf-ir hotels. Although bo early in the
morning the streets wore crowded.
FRENNA HELD TO ANSWER.
Judge Graham Decides Ha Must Be
Tried for the Turner
Killing.
Joseph Frenna was held to answer for
the murder of James F. Turner yester
day by Judge Graham. The court had the
matter under advisement for several days
and when the case was called yesterday
said that after reviewing the evidence
he had concluded that the crime of mur
der had been committed and that there
was sufficient testimony to warrant the
belief that the defendant was guilty
thereof. Bail was fixed in the sum of
ISOOO.
Attorney George D. Collins objected
strenuously to admitting the defendant
to bail, and at once filed an affidavit be
fore Superior Judge Daingerfield upon
which a writ of certiorari was issued, re
turnable before Judge Lawler at 8 o'clock
last evening. At that time Attorney John
A. Hosmer attempted to file a demurrer
to the writ, but Attorney Collins object
ed, and after lengthy argument the court
refused to allow the respondent to in
terpose the demurrer. The case went
over until next Monday afternoon at 4
o'clock. In the meantime Frenna will
have to remain in jail, although he has
bondsmen ready to qualify in the sum
fixed by Judge Graham.
Dameron Will Contested.
Mar}' E. Morgan yesterday filed a con
teat to the will of James M. Dameron,
who died in Stockton February 4, 1599,
The contestant avers that when the de
ceased executed the testament he was . f
unsound mind, and <i!.=c that m illegal
trust is established. Dameron prove*
the language of his will thai he \\a^ i -
centric. He asked that his body b? cre
mated and the ashes spread on the flower
beds of the park, as they would make the
flowers grow.
These manifestations of eccentricity are
declared to be evidence of insanity of
such degTee as to incapacitate him from
making a legal- testament, and hence tne
contest was filed by a disinherited heir.
" ADVERTISEMENTS.
" I had bees a sufferer far many years
from nervousness with all its symptoms
and complications," writes Mrs. O. N.
Fisher, 1861 Lexington Aye., New York,
N. Y. " I was constantly going to see a
physician or purchasing medicine. In
the spring of 1897 my husband induced
me to try Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion. After taking one bottle and fol-
lowing your advice I was so encouraged
that I took five more bottles, and then
stopped for several weeks as I felt so
much better, but still I was not com-
pletely cured. I commenced taking it
again and felt that I was improving
faster than at first. lam not now cros3
and irritable, and I have a good color in
my face ; have also gained about ten
pounds in weight and one thousand
pounds of comfort, for I am a new
woman once more and your advice and
your ' Favorite Prescription ' is the cause
of it, coupled with the 'Pleasant Pellets'
which are not to be dispensed with. I
took eight bottles of the ' Prescription '
the last time, making fourteen in all,
and will not take any more unless you
so advise, for I do not see as I need it."
56
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 9, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. ---'-■-- Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Mcrket and Third St*. S. F
Telephone Ma IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Btnsla Copies, 5 cents.
Tenr.s by Mall. Including Postage:
pAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), on« year fo.oo
DAILT CALL (including Sunday Call). « months HMO
t'AILY CALL ■::. lulling Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By 61ncle Month **''*
BUKDAT CALL ne Tear 1 -" s °
WEEKLY CALL One Year I '°°
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
6aiTip:« copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquetto Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
F>:»rm«n House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
rretnoct House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square 1 .
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open until
£30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:33
o'clock- 615 Lorkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22C* Market
street corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1095
Valencia street open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,.
AMUSEMENTS.
Ma— "The Bell*."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
T:-. >--- r. "
• pher Jr."
■ :*an."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Lths — Swimming Races, etc.
■atlon Park— V.a?'
-ir.g Park— <>oursing To-day.
i.nic»' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ei-
.
AUCTION SALES.
By : ■ .-'pteir.ber 12, at 12
Real Est • i Mai eel itreet
"THE REAL HAWAII."
L T NDER the above title Lieutenant Young of the ,
I navy lias pubiished a book which he wrote
' some time ago. He was on the Boston at
rionolulu with Captain VViltse when the landing
jarty from that ship was sent ashore to effect a revo
•ution against a government with which ours was :ti
:
The book is a defense of Minister Stevens and
VViltse. An officer of the navy cann* it
»sh without consent of the department, and this was
vithheld from Lieutenant Young during the Cieve
and administration, and for the honor of the service
md the country the prohibition should have been
jermanent.
That Minister Steve:i = was for nearly a year con
ipiring to bring about the revolution of 1893 is proved
»y his own official correspondence, to be in the
Btate Department at Washington. He reported that
;ix months before the outbreak he had persuade 1 the
slanters not to demand the full two cents a pound
county on their sugar when annexed to the United
states, but to accept less. The Boston was present
n Honolulu harbor for the purpose she fulfilled when
he blow was struck. With Honolulu in the hands of
he conspirators and the lawful government their
-5. the bluejackets of the Boston were landei
rith Gatlings "'to protect American interests!"
\gainst whom? There was no bre.ich of the peace
:xcept what Nfinister Stevens had pb.nned, and there
vere no disturbers of the peace except the conspira
ors who had overthrown the government. Lieuten
int Y'<nng may write many books; the facts of bis
on,' will remain unchanged. His present effort,
lowever. doe? not derive its singular infamy from its
ittempt to miswrite public history. It is boasted by
lim and his friends that it is "a bitter book." It
ittacks the private life of the ex-Queen and of all the
nembers of the royal family. It is said that "in these
he author speaks of things he has seen with his own
tyes, and affirms them on the honor of an officer and
. gentleman." Of an officer, perhaps; but of a gen
leman, no. A gentleman could have had no means
tf knowing the truth of some things he tells. Men
tho are not gentlemen may have knowledge j
•f that kind, and the evidence that they are not gen
lemen is their publication of it. To this rule we
hink there is no exception.
The book attacks the native Hawaiian? en masse,
without discrimination. Those people have been de
poiled of their birthright, their country taken from
hem, and the Christian civilization carried to them
md trustingly accepted by them has proved the most j
teartless robber that ever violated the rights of the j
teak. Why not let them alone? Is it any mark of
rallantry in a naval officer to assail them in their
orrow and add to the forcible seizure of their coun
ry and their treatment as aliens on their native soil
he abuse of a gossiper whose ideas of right and
rrong are as confused as his conception of what con
titutes the honor of a gentleman?
This country will be glad to forget the final result
if the missionary civilization in Hawaii. It will be
;lad to close its eyes to the spectacle of a people who
ccepted Christianity and with it its parasitic vices
hat destroy faster than it can save. And it will be
[lad to dismiss from memory the scene of that peo
ile pitifully quoting the Golden Rule and the Deca-
Dgue while they were the helpless victims of the
•iolation of both at the hands of the very men from
rhom they had learned them. Lieutenant Young's
ook should have remained suppressed.
A wave of morality has swept over San Rafael. The
iood citizens of the little town intend to keep sober
ftcr 11 o'clock at night. At the next meeting of
he Board of Trustees a resolution making the sale
i liquor after that hour a misdemeanor will be sub
litted for adoption.
While from this side of the world it appears as if
he Boers and the British are making ready for war,
hey insist that they are only "preparing for even
aalities."
The search of the local Democratic committee for
len willing to run on the "Jasper" ticket for Super
isors seems to be all moonshine. At any rate it
t a still hunt.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 0. 1599.
BRYAN AS A SHOW.
IT is becoming less easy to avoid seeing the hu
morous side of Colonel Bryan's itinerant and
oratorical chase tor the Presidency. In 1896,
when he was in the enemy's country for the purpose
of being told that he was a nominee for the Presi
dency, it was reported that he encountered a small
company of villagers 0:1 the banks of the Hudson
and immediately proceeded to make a speech. After
explaining who he was he told them that whenever he
saw two or three people gathered together the temp
tation to make a speech to them was irresistible.
There is something exquisitely funny in this desire
to declaim on all occasions. The country knows
?\lr. Bryan only as posing before an audience of "fel
'• w citizens" and gesticulating in time to his voice
of warning. The late Mrs. Jeremiah Cruncher's
tendency to "flop" was nothing to Mr. Bryan's spell
binding habit. On emerging from the Yosemite the
other day his vice overtook him at Wawona. He
had not had a relapse after leaving Stockton on the
way up. and three days' abstinence had made it
necessary for him to utter himself.
The reception committee appointed to escort him
was there, acting as pall-bearers. These and the
cooks, waiters and chambermaids, hostlers and
drivers, who are necessary to the administration of
Washburn's Hotel and stage line, made a company
• brought on an oratorical fit, and Bryan had to
•:■ Cunningham was there listening
a critic's ear and reminded, by the hour and a
half of word.-, that in selling onions to foreign tour
ist 1 ; for the Lady Washington Lily bulbs he is not the
only faker on the road.
Uncle Jim Lawrence was aiso in the audience,
blind of an eye. but able to see the holes in a ladder.
Mr. Bryan announced his subject to be "The Beau
ties of the Yosemite, and Observations on Politics."
The reporters who were present have preserved
of it. but contented themselves with intimating
that he held his audience spellbound.
The speech, therefore, seems to have been like the
most of those delivered by Mr. Bryan. There was no
thought in it that sticks and stays. It is a remark
able testimony to his physical endurance that he has
fip.ee 1896 been almost ceaselessly talking, and has
said nothing that is remembered, nothing that has
sunk into the public mind and memory to be readily
recalled and quoted by his followers. He has given
his mind a long rest and has taken an intellectual
vacation by talking. The professional orator has no
immortality unless he has a message to deliver, an
idea to clothe in proper verbiage. The country can
recall the ideas of Sumner, Blame, Edward Everett,
Conkling, Injjersoll, Wendell Phillips and Lincoln in
the phrase that expressed them. They impressed a
cotemporary generation and passed into folklore
and popular tradition. Mr. Bryan is exceedingly
cotemporary with this present generation. He is ex
tremely convenient and chronically in evidence. lie
has talked more and said less than any present or
past jobster at oratory, and the transitory mark he
has made is evidenced by the few "remains" he has
left in the public- memory. He lacks in originality.
As an adapter he has some skill. He adapted his
free silver ideas from poor Dirk Bland, and by
veneering them with some vocal soapsuds took from
Bland a Presidential nomination to which he was
fairly entitled. He has. in like manner, adapted John
Sherman's ideas on trusts, and those of Hoar, Bout
well, Edmunds and Johnson on imperialism, and it
must be confessed he has ensmalled them all to ac
commodate them to the caliber of his oratory.
A close study of Mr. Bryan reveals him as an actor.
He is a born thespian. He approaches every ques
tion with a view to stage effect. His faculty of
adaptation of the ideas of others and his fondness for
dramatic exits and entrances are all the characters
tics of a player. His tendency to begin making a
speech to any crowd he sees marks him a natural
born barnstormer.
The impression he leaves is exactly that produced
by a show. In his progress through the country in
1896 the crowd": that heard him were larger than had
ever listened before to a stump speaker, but where hi?
audiences were largest his vote was the smallest. The
people had gone to a show. They wanted to hear a
"boy orator" aged 40. They heard him. applauded '
him even, went home and voted the other ticket. To
them it was a circus, a passing show. The same
crowds go to "the unparalleled aggregation of bi
ological wonders and agglomeration of mental and
muscular masters of magic and mystery-" but they
don't remember the clown's songs nor take the ring
master' 5 advice in their public or domestic affairs.
So. rising from the circus to the stage, the audience
weeps over Desdemona, though it knows she is not
smothered, and it goes to the tomb in tears with
Juliet, knowing that she will be at her mutton broth
and beer when the play is over.
Mr. Bryan excites just that sort of interest and no
other.
The feeling for him in his audiences is perfectly
sincere of its kind. He is playing a part, does it
fairly well, and earns applause and something more
substantial, and gets both, and there the impression |
ends.
After his next defeat for the Presidency he should
follow his trend and talents and take to the stage. I
His age would be no bar, for his political career has
really been a course of study and practice for the i
sock and buskin. He would get large audiences and
make the fortune of his manager and his own.
There is some hope that the Dunham nightmare |
will soon resolve itself into a disagreeable memory of
a horrifying crime. The search for the Santa Clara !
murderer has sunk to the purposeless seeking for a
skeleton.
THE MINING ENGINEERS.
rROM the assembling in this city of the conven
tion of the American Institute of Mining En
gineers, which is to take place on the 25th of
this month, California has. much to expect. The
men who are to meet on that occasion are the
representatives of the scientific and technical side of
the mining industry, and are among the foremost in
the world in their profession. It is upon their judg
ment capitalists rely in making mining investments.
It is upon their skill mine operators depend for the
solution of the difficult problems of the work.
It is inevitable that when they come to California
these engineers will take a warmer interest in the
mining industries of the State than ever before, and
as a result they will obtain a completer knowledge.
They will go from the State with a fuller and a
clearer idea of the possibilities of California mining
than they had when they came, and it is a foregone
conclusion the reports they make of the prospects of
the mining counties will go far toward attracting to
them the attention of mining capitalists not only in
this country but in Europe.
The institute holds its convention in this State ?.t
the invitation of the California Miners' Association,
and during the time the engineers are in the State
they will be in a certain sense the guests of the asso
ciation. There has been arranged for them a wel
come on the large and liberal scale with which the
California miner has the habit of doing things.
After the three days' session of the convention in the
city the visitors are to be taken on a tour of the min
ing districts of the State from north to south. Two
weeks are to be spent on the trip, which will be at
once an occasion of holiday and of study. Men so
learned and skilled in mines and mining will quickly
understand the meaning of all they see, and there
fore after their inspection they will be fairly wc'l
posted on the conditions and the possibilities of our
mineral industries.
The engineers come to us at a time which is pro
pitious to our hopes of good results from their com
ing. The disturbances in the Transvaal, which
threaten war at any moment and may involve the
destruction of the mines in that state by the enraged
Boers, will naturally force mining capitalists to look
elsewhere for investments until that trouble is over.
Under such circumstances renewed attention will be
given to California, and the meeting here of the lead
ing mining experts of the country will be made the
occasion of something more than a cursory study of
our undeveloped mineral resources. There are good
reasons for believing California still offers better in
ducements for mining investments than any other
legion of the earth, and the visit of the engineers
will help to make tho^e inducements known.
Prince Henry recently went to an important
Korean seaport town, entertained extravagantly, ami
then politely asked for a railway concession that
would have worked serious harm to Korea. He was
as politely refused. Prince Henry must have thought
that he was dealing with some French army officers.
COLMA INCORPORATION SCHEME
1 ZZJ VER since the Supervisors in response to popu
lar demand closed up the gambling which
under the pretense of racing had been carried j
on at Ingleside Park, the gamblers, with all their fol- j
lowing, have been seeking a means to resume their I
nefarious but profitable trade at some point near j
enough to San Francisco to enable them to drain the ;
pockets of dupes in the future as in the past.
An effort was made to obtain from the Supervisors
of San Mateo licenses for poolrooms to be run in
connection with a racetrack in that county, but the ef
fort failed. A bolder scheme has now been undertaken.
It is the purpose of the gamblers and their Sausalito i
allies to bring about, if possible, the incorporation of j
Colma as a town, their expectation being that the j
government would be in the hands of their too!?, i
and that all license for gambling they desire would j
be readily granted them within the town limits.
For the purpose of bringing about the incorpora
tion a good deal of canvassing has been done among
the residents, and strong inducements have been of
fered them to favor the scheme. One or two meet
ings have been held to consider the issue, and to-night
another is to be held, at which time there will be sub
mitted for signatures a petition requesting the Super
visors to provide for a special election on the ques- I
tion.
It goes without saying if such an election be held j
the gamblers will carry it and the residents of the j
vicinity will be snowed under. A considerable num- j
her of men are already employed, and it will :
be an easy ta?k for the promoters of the gam
bling scheme to increase the number until it is suffi
cient to overcome the votes of the genuine residents
of the locality. The touts, the toughs and all the
gang that hangs round fake racing parks and pool
rooms will be very willing to assist the scheme for i
making a gambling hell out of Colma, and the elec
tion would be hardly more than a farce.
The Supervisors of San Mateo can hardly be ig
norant of the effects of the poolrooms in I
Sausalito and of the kind of racing that was j
carried on at Ingleside Park just before public indig- j
nation compelled its suppression. The gambling
was of the most pernicious kind, and its corrupting
influence affected all classes, the young as well is
adults, and women as well as men. To the evil '
effects of the track can be traced robberies, embez- |
zlements, forgeries, divorces, ruined homes, disgraced
families and suicides. So deadly was the curse and :
so far-reaching were its blighting effects that the
press almost without exception, pastors of churches
of all creeds, men of all panic?, united in the crusade
against it.
San Mateo will do well to profit by the experience
of San Francisco and Sausalito. That county is the
suburban home of many of our best people. Its lai ' \
are valuable and the community prosperous because it i
attracts to itself families of wealth and culture. If it
become a resort for gamblers and their following it
will lose its attractiveness to good citizens, and
Colma, which now may fairly expect to become one
of the most delightful centers of suburban life, will
sink to the condition of a resort of blacklegs and
other types of depraved humanity.
It is estimated by some ambitious statistician that
the United States paid $2 apiece for the Filipinos, ff
the estimate be correct Uncle Sam could announce
a bargain and discount sale and be assured of a sub
stantial profit.
IMPERIAL HEDGING.
THE Chronicle is positive that the form of gov
ernment provided for the Philippines will be
Territorial and not colonial. It has been ap
parent recently that the imperialists were beginning
to -hedge on that subject. Now the Chronicle says:
"We have no room in our political system for colo
nies and no inclination to make room."
The Territorial system is a declaration that all
these tropical acquisitions are intended for statehood
and their people for citizenship and a voice in the
politics and control of this country. As, all told,
they number 15,000,000, with 3,000.000 of voters, the
threat to make them citizens is as menacing to our
welfare as holding them as colonies is to theirs. We
would like to know the mind of our returned volun
teers as to making full American citizens of the Fili
pinos. As far as it has been expressed they are \
shown to be against it.
To run away from a colonial policy and into ulti
mate statehood is a mere exchange of the frying-pan
for the fire. If those tropical people are fit for ulti
mate citizenship in the United States they are fit for
ultimate independence, and should have it. We do
not need their help as citizens of this country. They
bring nothing into such a partnership that is of profit
or importance to us. As our race cannot thrive
where they do. the institutions we have created will
be exported and expected to flourish without our j
presence to watch and tend them.
The American people do not want fellow citizenship
with those tropical races, and, not wanting it, they !
know that the way to prevent it is to prevent the ;
first step toward it. That step is the proposed Ter- !
ritorial organization, which should be resisted by
every man who does not wish American citizenship !
to be cheapened, diluted and polluted.
The revolutionists of San Domingo have forced
themselves into the unique position of insisting that \
they shall be governed by nobody, not even them
selves.
THE MOST CURIOUS BOAT IN THE WORLD.
A NEWARK yachtsman has Invented a boat run by a windmill. It will make
- ■ - right n; the face of the wind, and the harder the gale blows the
will go. Western New York sailors are exceeding in
terested in the paradoxical boat, an I wh< ■ ■ - 5 r it is put into the water
trial trip the crowd lines the wharf at Sodua Bay. where the little
craft is housed.
Tb*» boat was built as the result of an argument, which was followed by a bet.
Thoi a yachtsman of Newark, put up $100 to back his claim that John
ice commodore of the Sodus Bay Yacht Club, could not construct a
h would be able to make progress in the teeth of the wind. The bet was
■• in the sprint:. Vice Commodore Sheffield began to think ail day long:.
Last Sunday he announced that he had constructed a bruit according to specifica
tions and was ready to try it In order that his point might be proved and his
money won.
The vice commodore put into the water a skiff like boat three feet lone. Di
rectly under the bow was a d.'ep keel. From the stern rose a lone vane, like
those seen on country barns to show the direction of the wind. Right above the
Low was a shaft with a windmill ten inches in diameter on the end.
The shaft inclined aft and ran through what would have been the sternpost
until it struck below the water line. A five-inch propeller was attached to this end
of It. It was such an absurd looking craft that everybody laughed when its builder
put the unwieldy thing into the water.
A strong west wind was blowing. The queer boat wavered for a second as It
sm:<-k the water, then slowly but steadily came to the wind. The windmill caught
the force of the gale and began to revolve. Little by little the boat forged ahead.
The harder the wind blew the more rapidly it gathered headway. The forward
keel and the after weather vane kept It dead in the wind.
The absurd little vessi Isl d out from the dock until its owner had to get in
a rowboat to capture it. Everybody cheered, and the wager was -declared won. It
is quite probable that Vice Commodore Sheffield will build a boat on the same
principle big enough to carry him and a friend or two. The little model has cre
ated no end of talk along the lake shore from Oswego to Rochester.
COMMENTS ON NEWS EVENTS BY THE PRESS
SPRECKELS' MAMMOTH SUGAR FACTORY.
San Francisco Outpost.
Claus Spreckels' mnmmoth sugar factory at Salinas began operations last
Thursday. This is the largest beet sugar factory in the world, and it marks a
■eh in the history of Salinas Valley. Some time ago the Outpost com
mented upon the id. al farming In the Salinas Valley made possible by the wealth
and enterprise of Claus Spreckels. With irrigation a beet crop is a certainty;
the price of beets is a certainty: the bf-et farmer cultivates a comparatively
small area and lives in a community: there la no isolation and dreary loneliness
for the families of these farmers. Mr. Spreckels has not endowed any colleges,
but he spends his wealth in California, in enterprises that add to the wealth of
the State and give remunerative employment directly and indirectly to thou
sands. He has made hundreds of happy homes and is a public benefactor.
CALIFORNIAS VOLUNTEERS.
Lake County Bee.
San Francisco did herself proud in the entertainment of the California volun
s who returned from Manila last Thursday. A fund of nearly JQO.OOO was
raised f"r the celebration, about half of which was spent in jollification; the
other half will be given to needy soldiers.
For three days tl\e city was so crowded that lodgings could not be had for
love or money. Hundreds of people, including women and children, had to spend
the night on the streets. It was one of the biggest affairs ever attempted on
this coast.
Th>- Call made a hip scoop by having a boat anchored ten miles outside the
Heads, from which a message was sent by wireless telegraphy as soon as the
Sherman was -;::1 ;• .1. This enabled The Call to give out the news before it had
: by its contemporaries.
It also Issued a magnificent souvenir edition, giving the history of the regi
ment and names of the men. and embellished with the finest half-tone illus
trations we have ever seen in a daily paper. Score another for The Call.
MEDDLING WITH THE DEAF
AND DUMB AND BLIND
INSTITUTION. BERKELEY
EDITOR DAILY MORNING CALL-
Dear Sir: Referring to the well-written
ai d very moderate article In your
<>f Uiis morning upon the Deaf ami Dumb
and Blind Institution in Berkeley, the
writer conceives that it would be oppor
tune, just and enlightening to make a few
remarks concerning same in the kindliest
le spirit.
For thirty-four year*, under, I think,
twelve differeni administrations of vari
ous political Stripe, BU< ess) • boards of
directors, comprising among their num
ber such names as Governor Perkins,
Judge John Btanly, Senator McLougall,
J. Mora Moss; Governor Haight, John P.
Kankin, Key. J. A. Ben ton, Colonel J"hn
Hays, Judge John Garber. A. J. Ralston,
John T. Houghton, D. H. Randolph, T. L.
Barker, E. J. Crane, Dr. Scott, recogniz
ing in the principal. Dr. Warring Wilkin
son, a man of remarkable executive abil
ity, "f unswerving integrity and of a self
sacriflt Ing devotion to the best Interests
of the State and of the unfortunates com
mitted to his care, have without excep
tion abstained from Interference with the
domestic arrangements of the institution.
The result has been that the institution
is the pride of the State; that ite reputa
tion among institutions of its kind in the
I'nited States is unrivaled, and that its
fame has reached Europe, where it oc
cupies a fr'mt rank anvmg similar insti
tutions in England. France and Germany.
In all these years scandal has not
breathed upon the good fame of the insti
tution. A long while ago a newspaper,
then in the sensational stage of its exis
asaailed the principal and procured
an exhaustive investigation of the affairs
Of the institution, out of which he and
every person connected with it emerged
stainless and irreproachable, as all who
knew the facts were confident would be
the case.
These conditions continue up to this
day, and 1 very confidently hazard the
prediction that interference by any board
of directors in the domestic arrangements
of the institution for the deaf and dumb
and blind of the State of California dur
ing the incumbency of its present princi
pal, will be surely followed by none but
cvii consequences. Yours truly.
JAMES PA I. ACHE.
San Francisco, September S. 1599.
■ ♦ ■
DEWEYON THE PHILIPPINES.
From Life.
THE opinions of Admiral Dewey
about the war in the- Philippines,
as recently reported by the London
Daily News, anil up to the time of
this -writing not denied by the ad
miral, are of the highest interest and im
portance. The News correspondent asked
if the Philippines were likely to be paci
lied soon. lie says that the admiral re- !
plied:
"I have the question of the Philippines
more at heart than has any other Ameri
can, because I know the Filipinos inti
inauly, and they know I am their friend.
The recent insurrection is the fruit of the
anarchy which has so long reigned in the
islands, but the Insurgents will have to
submit themselves to the law, after being
accustomed to no law at all. i believe and
affirm, nevertheless, that the Philippine
question will be very shortly solved.
"The Filipinos are capable of governing 1
themselves: they have all qualifications
for it. It is a question of time, but the
only way to settlo the insurrection and
assure prosperity to the archipelago is
to concede self-government to the inhabi
tants. That would be a solution of many
questions, and would satisfy all. especi
ally the Filipinos, who believe themselves
worthy of it, and are so.
"I have never been in favor of violence
toward the Filipinos. The islands are at
this moment blockaded by a Meet, and
war reigns in the interior. This abnor- j
mal state of things should cease. I j
should like to see autonomy first conced- I
ed, and then annexation might be talked I
about. This is my opinion. I should like !
to see violence at once put a stop to. j
According to my view, the concession of ' .
self-government ought to be the most ! .
just and most logical solution."
If these are the admiral's opinions and j '
he has expressed them, they afford In j
themselves good reason for the hope that !
the Philippine question will soon be ■ .
solved. They are the identical opinions ! •
that the extreme expansionists have ridi- 1
culed and berated.
. ♦ .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COUNT TOLSTOI— L. A. M.. City. A
letter addressed care of Harper Bros.
New York City, will reach Count Tolstoi,
the Russian writi r.
CHRISTOPHER CAUSTIC— Zip. City.
It was John Wilson, a Scottish poet and
critic, who wrote over the name of
"Christopher Caustic."
MARE ISLAND— H. P. C. Berkeley,
Cal. By addressing a request to the com
mandant at Mare Island you will be in
. FROM SOCIETY SWELL
TO PAUPER.
The man who introduced the Prince of
Wales to New York society belles is now
in one of our charitable institutions.
WHICH WILL WIN?
._ Complete story of the contest for the
I if* America's cup.
11l
THE GREATEST WINERY IN
Next AMERICA -
YOM KIPPUR.
C | g fk #"li*%/ 9 C Its signification to the Jews.
THE GIRL BACHELORS OF
£ a J| SAN FRANCISCO. k
* . Who they are and how they enjoy their
independence.
============= STORIES OF THE CAMP.
September 10, A bo V who " beat " his way to Manila
to nurse his sick brother and a Colo-
-1899 rac ' 0 volunteer who . has fallen heir to
$4,000,000.
PRINCE HENRY OF PRUSSIA,
Who will visit San Francisco.
* " FICTION, FASHIONS AND HOUSEHOLD
AFFAIRS.
formed as to whether permission to visit
will be grant< d
THE WISCONSIN— H. P. C Berkeley,
Cal. The Wis< - launched No
\. mber 27, n ..V' N -
Not ON THE STAFF— O. J. S., City.
The party Inquired about is no longer on
I the paper nai
EVENING SCHOOLS— X. E. D. The
thai a woman : ,-- married is no bar
to her entering :>v.y of the evening public
schools >■( San Francisco as a pupil.
GENERAL SfLA.) TKR— R. V.'
Brigadier General Shafter was wi
at the battle of Fair Oaks, Va., M
1862. He was at that time first lieutenant
mpany I, nth Infantry, il.
--■ f prisoners. He voluntarily took
part In th Li battle, remaining in the fieid,
although wounded, until the close of the
engagement. For this the Government
awarded him a medal for most distin
guished gallantry. The general does not
w « ar an artificial iimb.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. \V. Crooks, the Santa Cruz capitalist,
is a guest at the Occidental.
v\\ Drummond. a New York capital
:- a guest at the Occidental.
E. E. Poston, a well-known oil specu
lator of Selma. is a guest at the Lick.
('harlos W. Oesting has come up froi
his )mmc in San Diego and is regi
at the Grand.
J. Jerome Smith, a wealthy warehouse
man of Stockton, is registered at the Lick
with his wife.
J. J. Fitzgerald, the Los Angeles rail
road man. is at the Occidental, accom
panied by his wife.
W. L. Bteuart, a wealthy mining man
from Santa Paula, is among the late ar
rival? at the Palace.
H. W. Hibbs, United States navy, has
come down fr«m Mare Island and is stay
ing at the Occidental.
Dr. J. H. Barr of Marysville is one of
those who arrived in the city yesterday
and went to the Grand.
Captain Charles B. Eastman and Major
Fitzgerald of the Colorado Regiment are
both registered at the Russ.
Senator L. A. Whitehurst has come up
from his home in Gilroy for a short visit
of pleasure to the city. He is to be found
at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Reginald Barclay and
their daughter are among the late ar
rivals at the Palace from New York,
where they are prominent in social cir
cles.
Among the guests who arrived at the
Palace yesterday on the Oregon train
was Hnn. J. Fletcher Moulton. the Liberal
member of the English Parliament from
Launceston.
A number of Cdlorado officers are at the
Occidental, and they, together with those
of the other military organisations who
are quartered there, give the hotel a very
martial appearance.
The four distinguished architects who
have been examining the plans for the
new university buildings left yesterday
afternoon for Monterey, where they will
remain until Monday.
Henry Pritchett, superintendent of the
United States coast survey, and H. B.
Maxson of the United States surve;
working in Nevada, are both amo- g
arrivals of yesterday at the Pa
E. Zanetta, an extensive rancher of San
Juan: J. C. Campbell, a mining man of
Marysville, and H. H. Hunter, a mine
owner and capitalist of R"dd:~g. are a!I
registered at the Grand, where they ar
rived yesterday mnrr.T.e.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW* YORK. Sept. 7.— Mrs. J. M. Erd
man and Mrs. W. Jackson of "Los An
geles and H. C. Saturlly of San Francisco
are at the Fifth Avenue. Professor Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of Berkeley is at the
Hoffman. W. B. Latham of San Fran
cisco is at the Plaza. Mrs. P. Shaw of
San Francisco and William Bayley Jr. of
Los Angeles are at the Netherland. X.
Cooper and D. N. McKay of San Diego
are at the Cosmopolitan.
. ♦ ■ ■
Peanut taffy, b^st in world. Townsend's.*
•- ■ ♦ « .
Best eyeglasses 10 to 40 cents at SI
Fourth St., nr. 5c barber and grocery. •
Townsend"s California glace fruits. 50c
tt>., in artistic fire-etched boxes; can be
expressed to all parts of the world. 627
Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
,■ ♦ «
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Civil Service Examination.
A civil service examination for clerical
positions in the mint will be held in this
city on r eeember 7 of this year. Persons
desiriiiß to compete should apply to th»
secretary of the board of examiners. No
applications will be accepted after th»
clo^e of business on September SO. 1339.
If you lack arpetite try half a wine grlass of
Angostura Bitters huif hour before meal*.
Made by J. O. B. Sl»crt <>i Pons.
Remove the causrs :hu! make your hair lifeless
and gray with Pakkkr's Haih Balaam.
Hlndercorns, the best cure for oorna, 15 et«.| transport Sheridan's Jroops
■ &>/// disembark Jo- Day.
WON A COMMISSION BY
GALLANTRY IN ACTION
LIELTENANT R. B. HLLIS.
T ted man of an entire regiment singled out by the United
ar the shoulder straj - I i mmlssicm
indeed an honor of which any man so I V- ; Sergeant Rowland
B. Ellis of the California regiment, to whom this distinction has fallen,
his - c which a modesty which confers an additional luster to the 2
■ ! which he made as a soldier in the Phil
At th» oui • b with S] eutei m Ell s was ai
' ' ■ his country and to go to the front, as rgea
For ga lantry h
- • ■ . sergeant major of bat!
"*nk he came home with the troops on the tra
ifter ttavli r seei s ten I c 1 trough to the bitter end.
training which should make him one of the
rs he was connected with Battery a
f the Natioi - • . •• v. t& with Troop A of the cai
In I- • : si! Brst sergeant.
'.- Leila KP.is of New Orleans and the brother
re a few week when she appeared at
the Columbia Thea 1 Moth and ".:^ Flame." The family is of th^ aris
tocracy of the old S Meu-tenanfs f ■■ :
during the civil war in t v - pany of N--- ■ ■
The young 25 years of age is a si I riends m tng the
soc! - ixhted to le.rn of the luck thru has at
tended the milit«ir> cai f toeli favorite.
TROOPS ON THE
SHERIDAN WERE
NEAR TO MUTINY
»
Made to Do the Work
of Scullions.
» —
There is- a nice little tempest in a tea
pot aboard the United States transport
Sheridan. ThVee officers of the South
Dakota Regiment are under arrest for
"conduct unbecoming an officer and a
gentleman," while the rank and rile of
both the South Dakotas and Minnesotas
are almost in a state of mutiny because
they were forced to scrub decks and do
the work of scullions during the voyage.
They made ineffectual kicks against doing
the work, but Colonel Frost put 110 men
on guard duty and compelled the soldiers
to clean up the ship. Almost from the
time the transport left Manila this guard
was on duty and when the vessel reached
port the men were almost ripe for an
outbreak.
The men under arrest are: Lieutenant
Colonel Lee Stover. Surgeon Major Warne
and Lieutenant Horace C. Bates. It ap
pears that they wrote home from Manila
criticizing the conduct of their superiors.
Major Warae stigmatized Colonel Frost
as "a coward ana a cur" in a letter to
Senator PettigTew. while the strictures of
Stover and Bates wop- not Quite so severe.
Th© recipients of these letters showed
them to their friends and the contents
finally got Into the newspapers. These
papers reached Nagasaki before the Sher
idan and when Colonel Frost saw the
Items he ordered the writers under arrest
and the adjutant to make oat the charges-
HEALTH!
STRENGTH!
VIGOR !
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S
ELECTRIC BELT.
THE ELECTRIC BOOT BELT, BY WHICH
1 apply my new method of treatment. Is
th* best In the world; strongest, most durable, i
mo«t expensively made, most convenient to use
most effective In curing. Upon these points I i
will guarantee it upon a bond of I^COO. |
Wit a all this an electric belt car. do no rood ,
■without knowledge of how to apply it. This Is :
my meibod, learned in the past twenty year* |
in which I have cured 50,000 case*: I give
every patient the benefit of my experience,
hence the many cures after everything else
bas failed. J: _._,.,,., n
You feel the current at once. NO BURXINO
OR BLISTERING, but a gentle, soothing cur-
rent. My Belt has chamois covered electrodes
and is warranted on« year, without any *x-
pen»« for renewals.
Call and see It or write for book, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, ;
TIM Market St., cor. Kearny, 8. F. ; Burdick i
Block, cor. Spring and Second sts., Los An-
gele*.
Office Houee— a. m. to 8:30 p. m.: 6undav%
M to X. NEVER SOLD IN DIIUQ 8T01.E6. i
j{rmy and Tfavy 9fewa
Colonel Frost is a graduate of the In
fantry and cavalry school at Fort Leav
enworth. Kans. He enlisted in the Twen
ty-third Infantry in the earl eighties,
and rose from the ranks to a first lieu
tenancy. He has been instructor in mili
tary' science and tactics In the South Da
kota Agricultural College, but was recent
. iy detailed as military secretary to Gov
ernor Lee of South Dakota. When war
was declared he went to Chickamauga
and rejoined his regiment, but the people
of South Dakota Bent a petition to the
Secretary of War and he whs allowed to
return and assume command of the South
Dakota Regiment.
Colonel Frost, on assuming command of
the volunteers at once organized the
strictest kind of military rule. His men
grumbled because they were not given the
. same liberties as other volunteers but it
| did them no good. On the firing line in
I the Philippines he worked his men very
< hard, and then when his officers took ; i
i dislike to him there was trouble all
: around.
. When the Sheridan was fitted out and
I the South Dakota and Minnesota regi
! mpnts aboard Colonel Frost assumed
i command as ranking officer. It was then
that the deck scrubbing and scullion bri
gade was formed and guard, a hun
red strong, had to be called out The
regulars who came up in the Sheridan are
of the opinion that both arrests and mi
i subordination are the result of politics
and that once the regiments get home the.
1 whole matter will be settled
In the case of the Mlnnesotas that regi
ment is also at outs with its colonel. The
men assert that he got '"cold feet" in the
Philippines and came home. He has been
in San Francisco about two months and
yesterday went out to visit his regiment
He received a very cold welcome. Many
of the officers of the regiment turned
their backs on him, and this action
brought the tears Into Mrs. Ames' eyes.
The sight of her tears moved the Minne
sota boys, and they gave three cheers for
their colonel. Some of the men of the
regiment are very stout defenders of Colo
nel Ames. They assert that he was not m
his right mind when he left Manila, and
has not even now fully recovered from his
campaign in the Philippines. Be that as
it may, all hands wi.i settle their differ
ences when they go into camp to-day.
There was one stowaway on the Sheri
dan who nearly ended his days in the ves
sel's hold. Yesterday he was taken in
charge by Mrs. Arthur Coddlngton of the
Red Cross Society and removed to St
Luke's Hospital, but it is feared by the
transport surgeon that his uavs are num
bered. The man's name Is Arthur Sawyer
and he went from the States to Manila to
make a fortune. He became stranded and
sick and, disgusted, stowed himself away
on the Sheridan. The soldiers kept him
alive during the trip, and yesterday he
tried to make hi? escape. The unfortunate
fellow was only able to totter to the gang
way, and there he fell in a heap more
dead than alive. He was picked up un
conscious and carried to a berth The
Red Cross people were notified, and Mr*
Coddington at once went out on the State
tug Governor Markham and brought him
ashore. He was still unconscious and in
a high fever when the Ambulance started
with him for St. Luke's.
The transport Columbia sailed for Man
ila last night, and the Sheridnn takes her
berth at b olsom-street wharf at 10 o'clock
this morning. The soldiers will be landed
after breakfast, and about 9 o'clock will
tart on tneir march to the Presidio
Town Talk.
Ask anybody why "Town Talk" is the
best seller among the weeklies and the
answer will be: "Because Town Talk
contains the most news and original mat- I
ter." This week's Issue has an interest- j
ing contents: Editorials on the woman
sensation journalist and her lost prestige
Chief Lees, the new charter, London's
latest sensational marriage, etc.; Saun
t<-rer paragraphs about the latest thine
In French corsets. Father McKlnnon in
the Philippines, why E. O. McCormick is
the most popular railroad official on the
coast, a Bonynge-Mackay reminiscence,
something? new about the Goad-Martin
engagement, and all the latest gossip in
society, politics and at the clubs; a story
of bohemian life, with a melodramatic
climax: poems by Irene Connell, Louis
Robertson and others; musical chat by
Alfred Metzger and Mary Francis; the
■Worlds of Law and Letters, and the
usual entertaining miscellany. Ten cents
at all dealers. •
■ ♦ ■
Suit on a Beer Faucet.
he West Coast Safety Faucet I'.im-
;.iiy brought suit yesterday in the United
State? Circuit Court against the Jackson
Krrwlnff Company for an Injunction and
ao'-Gunting for damages for infringing on
v patented beer faucet.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1899.
THREE MAJORS TO
EVERY REGIMENT
OF VOLUNTEERS
One Vexing Point Well
Settled.
The expected commissions for majors in
the First California Regiment were pre
] sented to the lucky men yesterday, and
j with them came the promotion right
j down the line. Captain O'Neil and Cap
tain Cunningham are the new majors,
but there Is a chance yet for Captain
Connolly, who lias been acting as major
j since last spring, and in his chance lies
an interesting question for the volunteers.
When Major Tilden was discharged and
j Major Sime was given a commission in
j the Eleventh Cavalry, Captain Cunning-
I ham and Captain Connolly were made the
acting majors. Captain O'Neil was the
' senior captain, but he declined the pr >-
motion. An attempt was made to pro
mote Major Boxton to be lieutenant colo
i nel and to appoint three majors, ,he orig
-1 inal complement of the regiment, but his'
■ was not allowed by trie authorities at Ma
; nila. It was declared that the regiment
: was governed by the old army bill, not
the reorganization measure, and there
, fore the lieutenant colonel would have to
command the Brst battalion and. two
i majors were oil the regiment would be al
lowed. As a consequence no promotions
: were made. The regiment got along with
no lieutenant colonel, Boxton as the only
! major, and Captain Cunningham "tiu
j Captain Connolly as acting majors.
' Yesterday the tide suddenly turn! and
I all on account of Principal Musician
I Julian Ait ken. It was found he held a
j position under the old law, which provid
ed for two principal musicians, and the
mustering officers declared they could not
muster him out as a principal musician.
Th.> reorganization bill allows but one
principal musician, and he would have to
ne reduced.
It looked bad for Aitken for a while.
but it was suggested that if the law
worked one way, it should also work an
! other, and if the reorganization bill pro
vided for but one principal musician, it
also provided for several band sergeants
■ and corporals, a quartermaster of the
rank of enptatn and a commissary officer
of \he ranK of first lieutenant, besides
three majors. And furtner, If the regiment
! could not be mustered out except under
■ the reorganization bill, it was entitled to
! all the reorganization bill allowed. Hence,
the third major, and the recommend
of Captain Connolly.
The recommendation of Connolly was
made out at ■■■ "■ and was sent to the ad
jutant general of the Sum-. At the same
time there was forwarded an application
for the promotion of First Lieutenant
Otto Si '. ■•■ rdtfegei . regimental quarter
master, to be captain, and the appoint
ment of Commissary Sergeant Clirrord to
!be first lieutenant md commissary. Ait
ken, the cause of it all, was not forgot
ten. He was reduced from principal mu
sician to private of the band, and was
■ then raised to v sergeant of the band.
: He is the regimental trumpeter.
There Is every Indication that the posi
tion taken by colonel Duboce will be up
held, as there v no doubt about the mus
tering out of the regiment under the re
organization bill, it is a matter that
should greatly interest the volunteer remi
ments to be mustered out and those just
formed. . .
The list of promotions announced to the
regiment yesterday wen as follows:
To bo maji rs— Curtain Thomas F. • Nell,
Companj M. and Captain •■.-.!. Cunnlng
liam, Company K. . ,
To be capta ns First Lieutenant Charles J.
Hogan, Company M. and First Lieutenant Cari
ton W . Seeley, Company K.
To be Oral lieutenants— Second I,leutcnai.t
■ Edwin W. Rivers. Company M. and Second
Lieutenant Ashley H. FarleM. Company K.
To be second lieutenants— First Sergeant
William M Swan. Company M, and First Ser
geant Frank J. Grundman, Company K.
Under the ruling of the mustering out
officer that the reorganization bill ap
plied to the regimenl the following rec
-1 ommendations for promotions have been
sent In by Colonel Duboce:
T<> \><i major— Captain John F. Connolly.
To t»* captaln-j-First Lieutenant George T.
Ha' 1' *v" **r
To b~ ris-st lieutenant— Second Lieutenant Jo
seph A. Brown ,
To b.> second lieutenant— First Serprant C. L.
O'Donnell. All an? from Company A.
The following promotions among the
men have been made:
Quartermaster Sergeant Arthur 11. Clifford,
to be rt'gimer.tal commissary sergeant; Muno
D. Zan. to be corporal. Company 15; William K.
Held to be corporal; Company 1 '■ . Corporal
Howard P. Coleman. to be sergeant Company L;
Edward H. Sengstaek. to be corporal cmnpany
1. Robert N. Well to be con-oral. Company
L,- Corporal James H. Ravi I to be sergeant.
Company M; Samuel -' Flanders, to t.- cor- i
porai Company M . Alfred N. Adams, to b»
■ergeant of the band Harry C. Fayitun, to be
sergeant of the band; Gus Folet, to be sergeant
o' the band: George E. Crump, to be corporal
of the band: Thomas Flanntgan, to be corporal
of the band; Thomas L. Ingram, to be corpo
ral of the band; Kdwani L. .\ ■ r; ':.•■■!• cor
poral of the band: Charles L. Morgan, to be
corvoral of. the band; James M. Foley, to be
corporal of the ■ and; l ion Clare Kay. to be
corporal of the band; Francis li. Schanck, to be
corporal of the band; John yon Staden, Com
pany I, to be drum major; Principal Musician
Julian Aitken. to be reduced to a private and
then appointed a sergeant or the band.
The First California Regiment is pre
pared to pay all honors to the bodies
of those of its comrades which came home
on the transport Sheridan. The bodies
of Captain Rhelnhold Rlchter, First Ser
geant M. Justh and John V. Dun more will
i,. burled in the National Cemetery at
the Presidio, 'ihat of Edwin A. O'Neil
will be burled in Holy Cross Cemetery.
There will be a suitable escort from the
regiment at the funeral of each, but as
the men of the First have given up their
arms there may not be a tiring squad. It
I Is possible that arms may be borrowed,
I but that is a matter for future arrange
! ment. The funerals of those to be buried
i in the National Cemetery will not take
I place before Tuesday next.
There was a delicate attention paid to
Lieutenant Frank Willard yesterday by
the men of his command, Battery D of
the California Artillery. He was called
before the battery yesterday afternoon
and was presented with a »aber as a
token of the esteem in which he is held
by hi? men. Lieutenant Wlllard is one
of the recent promotions from the ranks
made since the artillery battalion re
turned from Manila. lie was the first
sergeant of Battery D all through Its
service in the Philippines, and he earned
for himself the kindliest feelings of both
officers and men.
The Colorado men have been mustered
out and great it; their" rejoicing thereat.
They have served faithfully and there is
no regiment that brings home a military
record that can better theirs. They have
been soldiers when the time came and
they have been gentlemen whenever the
occasion required. There has been no
trouble with the men, they have had no
prisoners and no broaches of. discipline
or of law to report, and they leave the
service with a clean bill of military
health and leave a vacancy It will take
a good regiment to nil. Their command
j ing officer, Colonel McCoy, is a quiet, un-
I assuming man. trained in the National
Guard and willing to admit he is not a
soldier by profession, and to him is due
the credit for the enviable reputation the
regiment has made for itself. If another
war should come there will be at least one
good regiment to report from Colorado
The regiment was paid off yesterday
each man getting three months' pay and
as much of his clothing allowance as he
had left for himself, besides his travel
pay. amounting to between $50 and JGO a
man. In the morning before the first
man had been discharged Colonel McCoy
issued the following order:
Headquarters First Regiment Colorado Infan
try, United States Volunteers, Model Camp
Presidio, San Francisco. Cal., September
8, UM.
General Orders No. 26— Soldiers of the First
Colorado Volunteers: To-day the Government
of the United State* severs the bonds that
have bound us together as soldiers and we
again will return to peaceful pursuits of civil
life. You are to be congratulated upon the
magnificent and brilliant reputation of your
regiment. It has been won by hard service,
honest desire to do right, the suffering of hard
ship and privations, an eager desire to be at
the head, and by the life-blood of some of our
Volunteer Companies £ikely
Jo Jfatfe More Officers.
YOUNG CALIFORNIAN
ENTERS ANNAPOLIS
<§ I XOTHER son of California has ■
A l\ ' his foot on the first round of that I
V j~\ ladder at the top of which is the I
"* admiral of the fleets of the United I
') States. Joseph A. Davis of the San I
Francisco Art Association has just!
A received a telegram from Annapolis I
'/ containing the information that his !
* eldest son, Milton S. Davis, has sue- I
') cessfully passed the examination of I
the Naval Academy and entered as a I
\ cadet. • B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B
V Milton S. Davis is 19 years of ape I
* and is a graduate of Lowell High I
'■ School in this, city and of the Normal !
'C School. He received last April the ap- H
a polntment which enabled him to take!
'/ the Annapolis examination. It camel
* from the hands of Congressman Loud.!
'•) and as there were so many applicants
L for the place It was thrown open ;ol
V competitive examination. Of theH
Q thirty-live young men who entered theH
+ competition Davis had the highest!
,\ average and received the appointment. I
'/ The new cadet from California can!
** point to a long line of ancestors!
f) who have fought in the army!
4t and navy of this country. Lonpr!
a before the signing of the Dt-chi-B
1 ration of Independence the members!
* of his family were settled in Maryland!
A and Pennsylvania. His grrat-?rand-fHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!j
.\j father, Captain Charles Smith, I'uugrhtßJ
a in th< v.-ar of ISI2 under Major Pechin. !
'/ His grandfather. Captain J. A. Smith
•* was a pioneer of this State, having
A sailed into the harbor of San Francisco November 9, 1849, in command of /
the ship Galindo of New York. ,
comrades. Let the good name and high repu- !
tation of our regiment never be tarnished.
Cherish it as you do your own name and
reputation, and allow no one — even one or"
ourselves, to in any manner cast reflection
upon It. Continue to deserve that glorious
compliment of General I^awton after the skir
mish of Paranaque. when he said: "Colonel
McCoy, this is the beat volunteer regiment I
; have ever teen." The Joy of returning to our
homes and friprtds will be tempered by the
severing; and tearing asunder of the bonds
of comradeship formed during the past year,
and we must look forward to reunions In the
luture, where we can keep alive the love of
our regiment and corps. 1 thank the officers
. and men of the rf>g-im»nt for loyalty to me as
their mending officer, and fur the ••nrn
est desire that has ever been 'shown to main
| tain the reputation and efficiency of our regi
! ment; to every officer and every man credit
It due.
To the field officers and to the mem! of
the staff " my personal thanks are due for
their unfailing assistance In every situation
and for the careful and attentive performance
of their duties.
I part with uarh Individual officer and man
with feelings of deep regret and with the
sincere wish that your future life may l>e
as successful as you deserve and full of «'.:n
shine an.! Joy. " May Almighty Ood keep
and preserve you. HENRY B. McCOY,
Colonel First Regiment Colorado infantry,
L'ntted States volunteer*.
Bo far he la the only colonel who h-«
■ . ;; t to address his men in that way
:.-r'.>re they were" mustered out.
Colonel McCoy also addressed a letter
to Mayor Phelan, as Mayor of the city,
•hanking him and conveying through him
reg ' ■ ' thanks to others tor th»
kindh feelings of the city toward his rrif-n
and for the many courtesies the ell
shown to his command. He •■*
;.ri-^^- ■ ■ that some time the SI '•
d his own soldiers might
be able to show their appreciation .-f th^
tment they had received.
The tirst part of the Thirty-fourth Regi
ment left the Presidio yesterdaj about
noon. In command was Colonel Kei
ment Included the head
quartei and Companies M. C. E, F
and L. The detachment was put aboard
-. irt Columbia at once. There
i^r-- -till seven companies of the regimenl
to go. and they will leave soon on
the recently acquired transport KHsian
King. Tlu-y are now at the Presidio pre
paring for the voyage. Lieutenant Colonel
riawze is In command.
The vacancy left by the Thirty-fourth,
tar as camp space is concerned, will
i...t be long unfilled. There are now on
their way h»re three regiments, the lirs
irri •■ ab( •.• the Kith Inst. This
\vi'. ; t>e tlie Twenty-sixth Re^imenr. un
ea tl trains will otherwise, the Twen
ty-elxth was r>-. the far Bast and
was rendezvoused al Plattsburg barracks,
N. v Vi.rk. It Is commanded by C
Edmund Rice. It Btarted out here nearly
.i week :.u.'i. l>ut trr^op trait. > are noi con-
Bidered up to scheduled time, and the last
heard of It it was passing through Chi
.■ag.i a!..'! expected to i rrlve hero on the
10th.
The Thirtieth Is alf way here.
flatters Iti it will i
• enlng, but it is
probablj mistake) It may be here ac
but it Is not < x
■ ■ • orrow at any hour.
i 'v;. • • • ■ andlng the Thir
tieth, wires hopefully to Colonel Freeman,
commandant of : h«- Presidio, that :■• la
coming with 1312 in. I rty-flve offi
cers nd ti. will get hen Saturday, the
9th; but Pol •• Freeman has seen ti
coming before, nnd he believes they will
inywaj bj afoi
Tliip morning there win be the usual
.•scrt to the troops debarking from the
transport, In this case the special escort
will \j>- the North Dakota men. in addi
tion there will be Batteries a. C, E, I
and (1 of the Third Artillery, under com
mand of Captain Pratt, Third Artillery,
inspector of ordnance of 'his depart
ment. Troop G of the Sixth Cavalry w'll
also parade, but it Will probably be with
it the same as it was with the oth.-r
truops thut escorted volunti >rs; U will be
assigned to the work of keeping the crowd
back, and no one will know anything
about it except th.at Its horses ar-- heavy
when they tread on toes. In a parade th.
-|OI of an escort cavalryman is not a happy
one. The escort must )j^ at the wharf at
9 o'clock "sharp." the order says, neces
sitating a start at some inconceivable
hour In the morning. Other volunteer or
ganizations at the Presidio am Invited to
parade with the escort, but it is hardly
probable there will be more than the spe
cial escort. It takes time and attention
to muster out troops and the commands
at work upon their own military demise
have but little time to spare.
The entertainment of the Incoming 1 vol
unteers Ib a matter that is .still in abey
ance; nor will it be settled until 'his
morning. It has been the custom for the
last in to dine tho latest comer, hut in
the case of the Minnesota men it was the
announced intention of the California men
to wade in op to the limit and return, if
possible, some of the courtesies the Min
nesota men showed them when they were
nearly as far away from home. The <"ill
fornia command has been rather demor
alized, however, by the brilliancy of the
reception which has been off. ted itself,
and it has left the men with minds some
what i oc fused and no time to spare; they
are allowed the fullest liberty from camp
and it is not easy to get them together
on the'ppur of the moment, and it looks
iif. if the courtesies to be extended to the
Minnesota men will have to be tendered
after they have become settled in camp.
That there will be something done Is as
sured, but men home have more excuses
for lapses of hospitality than those only
on the way.
It was pay day yesterday for thp North
Dak >ta. Idaho and Wyoming troops, and
the paymaster also brought hi« sac is of
gold to the camp of the Thirty-fourth
Regiment and paid the men who were
preparing for embarkation on the Colum-
Lieuterant Colonel Albert S. Towar.
deputy paymaster U. S. A., has been or
dered' to proceed on the transport Sher
man to the Philippines. He will be ac
companied by a clerk.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Henry H.
Bradley. O. S. A., now at the genera.! hos
pital has been ordered to relieve Acting
Assistant Surgeon J. A. Ronayne, as
signed to the Sherman, who is 111. Ro
nayne will report to the general hospital
as soon as he is able.
Second Lieutenant Percy L. Badt. First
California Volunteers, attached to Com
pany L. ha? been assigned to duty with
Company K.
Second Lieutenant Frank J. Grundman.
First California Volunteers, attached to
Company K. has been assigned to duty
with' Company L
Private Joseph D. Wall, hospital corps,
was received as a patient in the general
hospital yesterday, suffering from what is
believed to be diphtheria. Wall has been
on duty in ward 10, one of the brick bar
racks.
Sixty-five sick men from the transport
Sheridan were received at the general hos
pital yesterday. They were nearly all
convalescents.
Athletics for Prizes.
There will be two days of special at
tractions at Glen Park this week, to-day
and Sunday. The entertainment will
be confined to outdoor athletics, which
will include bicylce and foot racing and
various branches of athletic sports, for
which special prizes will be awarded.
There will be on exhibition at Glen
Park for the next few weeks a new
'inn •>;" a chainless reversible hi- !
cycle. This evening a social dance will
be griven in thf» "barn. "
Annulled the Marriasre
The marriage ■■; Edward B. and Eileen
Montague; which occurred August 8, has
been annulled by Judge Trout t. Montague
is a bird trainer, and his marriage to the
woman who has been freed from htm was
brought about by correspondence. They
were married immediately after their
first meeting, but Mrs. Montague deserted
her husband after a .■.•-. of wedded bliss.
She brought suit to annul the marriage on
the ground that she was Insane when she
took a husband. Judge Troutt accepted
her story and granted her prayer.
• ♦ ■
Would you buy a hat anywhere else
than at "Keith's?" Phelan building. *
■ ♦ ■
Balloon Ascension To-Day
Admission day will be celebrated at the
Chutes, arvl in addition t i the regular at
tractions on t li»- ground? and perform
ance in the theater there will be a bal
loon ascension and parachute drop by
Kmii Mark^bere.
Don't miss St. Hose's picnic at Shell Mound
Park to-day. ' •
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
I At $| I
1 GOING UP MIDNIGHT I
I Of SATURDAY, September gth, I
9 to Si. 40 share. All applications I
S received up to that time will be s
I filled at the fi.co price. Mail or- H
I Jers bearing rostmark 0' midnight B
■ or earlier included. El
I PROSPECTUS FREE. 1
I BIG PANOCHE OIL CO., I
: 2 4th FLOOR ADAMS BUILDING, H
§ 206 KISAR.NY STREET. I
M SAN FRANXISCO. M
Open Thursday, Friday and Satur- g
SAN FRANCISCO.
Open Thursday, F.i-avanJ Safjr-
dav evenings.
MNYON'S INHALER
—^v. /~* f t r^ r?
W^% CATARRH
\^rW Colds Coughs,
j4jd£*£2sf&^ Hay Fever, Bron-
J^^PBraMj^^chitis. Asthma
flip J^ f|H a " Diseases
y^frik^ pof the Throat and
Clouds of Medicated V«por are Inhaled
I through the month and emitted from the nos-
| trils, cleansing and vaporizing all the Inflamed
: and diseased parts which rannot be reached by
| medicine taken Into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heals the raw
places — ft goes to the seat of disease— It acts as
■, a balm and tonic to the whole system — f 1.00 at
i druggists or sent by mail. 1505 Arch St., milt*
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,
DR. METER? & CO. have the largest prac-
tice and best equipped medical Institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advlee free at office
or by mall. All letters confidential. }
731 Market St., San Francisco.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative. lnvlg-orator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes. *
The Mexican Remedy foe Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sell* oh Its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRT7NE. Agents.
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^Lw^^w'
Terr snail and as easy
to take txarasnr.
SFF Udttd> "R headache. epp
MIS - [ CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. 5tC
revive iirrn.E FOB BIUOUSHESS. * rEvriVo
GENUINE ivFR for torpid liver. GENUINE
1 pin's for CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER iJI«JB FOR SALLOW SK!«. WRAPPER
UftArrLft IMJ IFOR THE COMPLEXION * KXVt tK
2S \s2ot i »^rely Teertabla.^^iw;^^^
"PRINTED ON REID PAPER."
AMUSEMENTS.
W^bUS KMirl rKEATU*
MATINEE TODAY AT 2:30.
LAST TWO NIGHTS, at 1:10.
FINAL PERFORMANCE SUNDAY NIGHT
MR. CLAY CLEMENT
Presents His Immensely Successful Interpre-
tation of Matthias In the Psycho-
logical Romance,
"THE BELLS."
NOTE— This theater will be closed during the
weeks of September 11 and IS. The regular
fall and winter season will be inaugurated en
September 25 by MODJESKA.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
ROMEO AND JULIET
"Romeo and Juliet"' Last Time Sunday Night!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT. TO-NIGHT!
"CARMEN"
Final Presentation.
Next Week— The Great Event.
■'LOHENGRIN^ — ■ "OTHELLO"
POPULAT: PRICES 25 and 50 cents
Telephone for seats. Bush 9.
ALCAZAR™
To-Night and To Morrow, Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY,
AND TO-MORROW. SUNDAY.
Last Performances of
CHRISTOPHER JR.
PRESENTED BY THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
Next Week, "the Wages of Sin."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15.
Best Reserved Seat in the Theater, 25 cents.
Lest Two Nights of Sousa's Glorious
' Comic Opera,
EL CAPITAN
MONDAY EVENING,
"FATINITZA."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— Me, 15c. 25c, 35c
and '.'"'.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
CHUTES^ND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE t'SSSSg* HER LIONS.
MOVING PICTURES, showing scenes ON
THE FIRING LINE IN THE PHILIPPINES
and a great VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
f TO-DAY! ADMISSION DAY!
BALLOON ASCENSION
ny
EMILJURKEBERB.
Beginning MONDAY, Sept. 11,
HARMON AND SEABURY,
World's champion High Divers.
Phone for seats. Park 23.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
Sept. 9th and 10th.
CLASSICAL SWARD EVENTS!
PRODUCE. AND OPEN STAKES.
122— NOMINATIONS— 122
$2100-PRIZE MONEY— S2IOO
BAND OF MUSIC IN ATTENDANCE.
TRAIN SERVICE. .
Leaves Third and Townsend sts., Saturday,
10:15 a. m. and 12:55 p. m. Sunday, 10:15 a m
11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth and
Valencia five minutes later. Returning after
last course. Extra train from nark Sunday,
4:*5 p. m. San Mateo electric cars every ten
minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS— LADIES FREE.
BASEBALL!
Sacramento
vs.
San Francisco
TO-DAY AT 3 /». M .
SUNDAY AT_2:3O P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
1 GENERAL ADMISSION. 25 CENTS.
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND.
MECHANICS' FAIR
AMD
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
THIS AFTERNOON— BABY SHOW!
New acts in the FILIPINO CIRCUS
BENNETT'S BAND OF 40 PIECES.
Alice RAYMOND, soloist.
SATURDAY EVENING— Special Music, "THE
HUNT IN THE. FOREST."
A Trip to Davy Jones' Locker will be ready
To-night.
DOUBLE SEASON TICKETS $5 00
(To members half price.)
SINGLE ADMISSION 25 cents
| AMUSEMENTS. ;
i matinee TO-DAY (SATURDAY) Sept. •.
Parquet. 25c, any seat: balcony, We;
children, 10c. any part.
INCREASED TO FIFTY IN NUMBER.
! HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY
BAND.
MONTP.ELL.
CHARLEY CASE. ,<S\
FELIX MORRIS AND CO. ' \f
MOULIERE SISTERS.
APOLLO.
ARNOLD GttAZER A LA PETITE HAZEL.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
CONCERTS AND RESOKTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
ADMISSION DAY. SATURDAY, SEPT. 9, 1805,
at 2:30 p. m..
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN sc.
Bathing, including admission, 25c. Children 29c.
OPEN NIGHTS.
GLEIN PARK.
THIS SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BICYCLE RACES AND FOOT RACES,
i And all kinds of atbletic competitions for
VALUABLE PRIZES.
OPEN TO ALL,
Park Open Saturday Evening. Dancing in
i Pavilion.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
! CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
-OF THE—
stj:n"
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 318T
day of December, A. D. IS9S. and for th«
j year ending on that day. as made to the In-
' surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
| fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. '
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
J in cash
ASSETS.
RAal Estate owned by Company $250,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages ISS.OOO 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
1 and Bonds owned by Company — 1,814,265 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cart in Company's Office 471 51
Cash in Banks 170,962 86
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 23,137 11
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages .' 1.550 S3
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 274,804 19
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 1,429 17
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total assets ..». 724.971 87
LIABILITIES. ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid J15.996 43
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 177,553 57
i Losses resisted, including- expenses 10,400 00
' Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $961, 523 It;
re-Insurance 50 per cent 430,761 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,643,-
-119 27: re-lnsurance pro rata 893,544 58
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ :
re-Insurance 100 per cent
j Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; re-insurance 50 per
i cent
• Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 1,318 CT
I All other demands against the Com-
pany • •• 66,962 23
Total liabilities .$1.849,334 93
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums J1.579.258 U
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
: rine premiums • ••
I Received for interest on Bonds and
I Mortgages ••..••• •••• 9,080 00
! Received for interest and dividends
, on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 79.8« 88
Received for rents 10, ' ME 40
Total income .11,673.263 43
EXPENDITURES.
' Net amount raid for Fire Losses
! (including $143,440 25. losses of pre-
I vious years) $904,642 44
! Net amount paid for Marine Losses
: (Including $ losses of pre-
vious years)
! Dividends to Stockholders
i Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 342,594 10
1 Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
! charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 96,544 10
| Pniii for State. National and local
i taxes .....»..»•• .»•........■ 41. 12 1 24
All other payments and expenditures 121.103 06
Total expenditures ..$1.506.010 94
Losses incurred during the year $351.310 99
! Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks. [Premiums.
i Net amount of Risks
written .luring the year $223,031.762!51,5a4.133 00
. Net amount of Risks ex- j
pired during the year.. 222.356.701 2,124,513 75
' Net amount In force De-
i cember SI. IMS 306.707.9911 2.609.642 39
~ J. J. GUILE. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24tn
I day of January. MM- £j£^ p ?ORKV
Commissioner for California in New York.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
General Agents Pacific Department,
; OFFICE -. - - -213-215 SANSOME STREET,
/ . , SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Telephone Man 5968.
| LESLIE A. WRIGHT,
Assistant General Agent.
a. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
B 625 KF.AKX Y «T. Established
xk In 1854 (or the treatment of Private
W Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
it disease wearing on body and mind and
9 Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
Bothers fall. Try him. Charges low.
JSf Care* n»r»nl»fd. Cailorwrite..
ut&UU.V, Box 1937. 50u Fr&adsoa.
78
SPORTS
BEAUTY AND FASHION
AT THE HORSE SHOW
Brilliant Gathering at the Burlingame Club Fete.
California-Bred Horses Are Seen to
Advantage in the Ring.
FROM the interest and enthusiasm de
veloped at the second annual horse
show of Burlingame Country Club
terday it will bo a long time be
fore the horseless carriage will supplant
the horse In the affections of the mem-
The judging- ring, larger than th:it
at Madison Square Garden, New STork,
was immediately in front of the club
house, from the broad veranda of which
the ladies watched the competition.
This permitted of the display of elab
orate gowns, which lent brilliant coloring
to the scene. The honors of the duy were
■. divided between John l'arrott
and K.J. Carolan. Each won five blue
ribbons and two oi red. Mr. l'arrott also
iedals, silver cup. .Mr. Carolan
ng the third one offered. Harness
. of tlio hackney type represented
rmer, while Mr. Carolan demoted
rgies to ponies.
ard Graham, who makes an heroic
as ringmaster, kept the various
moving rapidly once they were
The judges were C. A. p
Norman Brough ami J. C. Kirkpat-
The spectacular effect was presented
in the lumping 1 class for ponies. < Hlver
Tobin was the Mrsi to show his ability
as i rough rider. He rode J. S. Tobin's
■ one of the hurdles and the
. red not only the hurdle hut the
Inclosing th" ring ai the same time.
Joe T ibip Jr. was the next to create con
sternation among th rs and to
r the judges. Prunella ran away
with him and dashed into the group of
men and officials in the center of
the ring. Mr. Beylard's pony. Turk,
knocked down, and then Prunella was
d by the fence. For this exhibition
of bad behavior she was sent to the
St -ChaJ-lev" Dunphy was in demand in
the jumping competition. He rode the
winner and the third horse, while he had
a kg up on another. The pomes all
showed better form than last year.
The T festivities were continued last
night, a hunt ball bringing out the mem-
b T r he a p^nS,?al £2£. including the four
tn-hands, will be pass. upon by the
ludires to-day, it is expected a large at
tendance of the people from the country
side will be there, The results In the
classes Judged yesterday follow:
ralifornia bred harn-ss horses. M\*»*£;'
ir.- r ie<, or over— Won by Mrs. I. f. lian.es
Prince John Parrotfs Prince Eugene second
an.l E D. Bcylard'a Guardsman third.
California bred harness* horses, best , palr^
Won by John Parrotfa Bungalow Belle and
Brimstone Ii U. Beylard's Lancer and Quad
?lil?*Sd. H. T. Scott's Laddie and Lassie
S tinder paddle-Won by F. J. Carolan's
Gadfly F I Carolan'B Blaze Away second,
rolls' AH* Bala and Peylta. J. D. Grunt. Mv-
Pie and Majesty second and John 1 arrott a
Bungalow Belle and Brimstone third. J Car
Ladles' saddle horse class— V, on by F. J. Car
-o lFoni^m harTess-Won by F. J. Cardan's
Fiddlesticks "Princess Ponlatowskt's Carmelito
Lrond and F J Carolan's Blaze Away third.
8 7-u"fomla bred harn«s horse* .best high Step,
r,pr over 14 hands 3 inches— \\ on by John rar
and II I Crooker'a Cloverdale third. BeCOnd
' ,1 it j Crocker's Cloverdale third.
Ponies under saddle, under IS hands 3 pches-
Won byJ J Moore's Flirt, "Baby" Glllesple's
B rjflffomfa S4STS2™. horses, best pair-Won
by John Parrotfs Sovereign and Prime Minis
ter. E.D. Beylard's Artillery and Guardsman
' c< CaHfornla bred harness horses, under 15 hands
? inches— Won by John Parrott's Belgravia,
pa}", owner's Bungalow Belle second and Brim
"poniesl^ harness, best pair-Won by F. J.
Carolan's Fiddlesticks and Blaze Away, R. J.
•fobin's Rocket and Racket second .
Saddle horses, exceeding 15 hand 3 - inches—
Won , by B. D. Beylard's Tommy Tomkins, F.
J Carolan'a Merry Boy second and H. T.
Krott's Jim Crow third.
California bred harness horses, best four-ln
hand park team— Won by Henry J. Crocker.
Pony jumping class, performance over hurdles
only to count-Won by F. J. Carol an' s Gad fly
friiden by C. Dunphy), Peter Martin's Six Bits
(ridden by owner) second, and K. D. Beylard a
Turk (ridden by C. Dunphy) third.
HOMING PIGEONS WILL PACE
The members of the California Homing
Pigeon Club arc preparing their fastest
birds for the important races which will
take place shortly. The third young
bird race of the northern series for the
Kuehn trophy will he flown to-morrow.
i- has been won three times by birds from
Mole's loft; John Filmer has won it
twice and H. C. Worth twice. It must
be won four times in all.
On the 17th inst. the first race of the
southern series will be flown from San
To«e The entries are: 11. Van Corte
beck 46 birds; H. C. Membright 11; K. D.
Connolly >>: A. Benjamin, 6; William Har
der 12 C V Marsh. 4; H. C. Worth, 16;
Mr." Je'rvis, 4; G. Barnes, 12, and John
* The ""members of the Homing Club will
exhibit some 300 birds at Mechanics In
stitute Fair shortly. The directors have
offered a cup for a race from Ires Plnos,
ninety miles.
The entries for the swimming and div
ing contests at Sutro Baths to-morrow
are as follows:
50-ynrd dash, novice— F. Neal, W. Fleming,
G. litter, A. Kaufman R. Cook, F. Shea.
F. mtter. C. Royal, G. Walcott, O. Lowen-.
thai- 50-yard dash. Juvenile— E. Smith, W.
Early, W. Peters, J. Laird, T. La Husen, C.
Bullivan, C. Crowley, C. Lundln; 100-yard tub
race— W. Yarrow, C. Augustus, E. Lieboldt,
W. Fisher, E. Wells. W. Beyer. G. Adler. O.
Khrman, C. Baudain, H. Stelljes, H. Olsen, F.
Hildpbnindt; trick and fancy spring-board div
ing— K. Peters. D. McCann. M. Kibert, 11.
McCowen. G. Laßue, A. Bagranatorl. F. ■ Ral
i-V'n. J. O'Brien, B. Cordell, H. Soebach, J.
Gladatoa-- ... „ ..u^- — ■ — "--— V^.«?
Burlingame Club's Brilliant Fete
Lady Golfers Out for Trophies
Sculler Dennis Quits the Skiff
COMPETITION ON
THE GOLF LINKS
San Rafael and Oakland Players
Rave Many Cup Con
tests Scheduled.
This morning at 9:30 o'clock the semi
final rounds of the competitions for the
Council cup and the Ladies' cup will begin
on the links of the San Rafael Golf Club.
The first rounds in both these events were
played on I>abor day. when the eight con
testants were reduced to four in each
competition. In the competition for the
Council cup to-day R. Gilman Brown will
play Baron J. 11. yon Schroeder, while
K. J. McCutchen is matched against C.
P. Eels. The two winners will play in
1 the final round, the winner in which will
be the first to have his name and score
Inscribed upon the handsome trophy.
The first round in the Ladies' cup com
petition on Labor day resulted in favor of
1 Mrs. F. 11. Green; Miss Mary McCalla, ,
Mrs. Oilman Brown and Mrs. J. J. Crooks.
The semi-final round will be played this
morning- Mrs. F. 11. Green being- matched
against Miss Mary McCalla, and Mrs. Gil
man Brown's opponent being Mrs. J. .1.
Crooks. The two ladies who win in this
round will compete this afternoon in the
final round.
In addition to the foregoing contests,
the following competitions, open to all
who are entitled to the privileges of the
club, will take place this afternoon—
dles' handicap, nine holes, medal play for
silver vase, and men's handicap, eighteen
holes, medal play, for a trophy. The fol
lowing- are among the entries for the la
dies handicap: Mrs. L. A. Wright, Mrs.
F. H. Green, Mrs. Miller Miss Mary Mc-
Calla, Miss Frances Carroll, Mrs. F. S.
Johnson, Miss Theresa C. Morgan, ' Mrs.
Denis Donohoe, Mrs. Kautz, Mrs. J. J.
Crooks, Miss Goodwin, Miss Grace Ilecht,
Mrs. \V. L. Gerstle and Mrs. M. J. Gers
tle.
Among the entries for the men's handi
cap are: M. L. Gerstle, H. M. Sonntag,
W. M. O'Connor, Dr. Dennis Arnold, Lieu
tenant T. Games Roberts, Lieut. Sellers,
Lieutenant W. Miller, W. J. ■Gerstle. E.
W. Runyon, Dr. H. O. Howltt, C. P. Pom
eroy, F. 11. Green, George Houghton, S.
H. Boardman, L. A. Wright, J. J. Crooks,
E. M. Greenway, R. Gilman Brown, C. i
P. Bells, E. J. McCutchen. Baron J. 11.
yon Schroeder, Baron Alexander yon
Schroeder, Mr. Warner and Clement Ar
nold.
The preliminary round of the tourna
[ ment for the Macdonald cup was played
t last Saturday on the links of the Oakland
Golf Club, and the five winners and three
byes played in the second round. The four
winners in the second round entered the
semi-final rounds, the two winners in '
which were C. P. Hubbard and E. R. Fol
ger, who will play in the final round to
day. On Labor day there were mixed
foursomes, eighteen holes, match play,
with handicap. The final foursome, P. E.
Bowles and Miss Lucy Moffitt verses Mrs.
P. E. Bowles and R. M. Fitzgerald, will
be played to-day, and the winning pair
will receive silver medals.
There will be a reception and music at
the clubhouse on the Oakland links to- :
day and the third semi-annual tourna
ment for the Captain's cup will begin.
1 T. H. Arnold of the Western Golfer, pub
lished at Chicago, has recently been vis
iting the links of Southern California. He
pronounced the new grounds of the Los
Angeles Country Club as equal to any In
the Western States. They are pretty and
of natural rolling land, admirably adapted
to the game, the excellent management
of the greens forcing members to play
genuine golf. The earth-bunkers are pre
ferred to the barbed-wire fences common
on Easteyn links. The putting-grounds of
sand instead of green turf are disappoint
ing at first, but once players get accus
tomed to them, they find them attractive.
The sand putting-ground requires steady
nerve and excellent judgment, on account
of the roll of the ball, and so demands
. expert^ pJay^^Mr.^ Arnold_thlnk» tijat.
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. 1899.
trtere is a lack of the genuine St. An
drew's golfing spirit here: the people play
good American golf, hut they have for
the most pur; been their own teachers,
and their play lacks the beauty and thor
oughness of the simon-pure St. Andrew's
golf.
TO PROTECT THE
TRUCKEE TROUT
Nevada Officials Will Co-operate
With the . Calif orn a Fish
Commission.
The officials of Nevada have at last
awakened to the importance of seconding
the efforts of the California State Fish
Commission in preserving, the trout in
1 Truckee River. This trout stream, pro
nounced the finest on the coast, is chiefly
in Nevada. In the past the tish have not
; been protected in that State and the ef
forts of the California officials on their
I side of the line have been nullified. Fish
and Game Commissioner Vogelsang made
' a special trip there a few days since and
! held several conferences with the Nevada
officials.
As a result they adopted resolutions i
reciting the necessity of protecting fish
in the close season, the building and main- •
: tenance of fish ladders and the prevention :
■of rnillmen dumping sawdust Into the
river. The resolution directs the District
Attorney, Sheriff and Constables to exert
every effort to protect the fish.
A "new fishladder has been erected re
i cently near Reno and three more a.re to
be added. One is in course of construction
near Verdi. The Fish Commissioners hope
1 to take spawn on the Truckee next spring
and will then stock it to its fullest ca
pacity.
The next meeting of the San Francisco
Fly Casting Club will be held at Jules on
Tuesday evening. Archie J. Treat will en
tertain the members with an illustrated
, lecture on the mountain lakes most fre
■ quented by the anglers. The musical por
tion of the programme is being prepared
by Charles F. Stone. President Walter
D. Mansfield leaves for Verdi, on the |
i Truckee River, to-day, and will endeavor ;
: to return with sufficient trout for the
dinner.
F. G. Sanborn and Frank McLennan
have returned from Pelican Bay, where
I they spent two weeks shooting and fish
| ing. They fished both the Williamson
and the Sprague rivers, as well as Pelican
Bay. The latter Is providing the best
i sport of the season, but not so sensational
!as last year. The snipe and duck shoot
i ing is remarkably good. On Monday they
i killed thirty-seven snipe on the marsh in
i front of the lodge. They, also secured
I good bags of canvasbacks and mallard.
: The season opened on the Ist inst.
I They spent one day in quest of deer, but
saw no signs of them.
The enthusiasts who went across the
bay or. Sunday to fish the estuary for
striped bass returned practically empty
! handed. Among the well-known rod
wielders were: Turner, Brotherton. "Doc"
"Watt Christlanson, Wilson and Babcock.
The net result for the day was three or
four small fish.
F. H. Reed fished the Truckee River
i near Boca last Saturday and Sunday and
had good sport.
John Butler, John Salmi and John Lem
-1 mer leave on -Monday for their annual
pilgrimage to Eel River for the steelhead
: fishing. They are the advance guard of a
I large number of fishermen who will go
, north for the splendid sport offered there.
1 John Gallagher went up some days since
and his first essay on the river netted him
two large steelheads and seventeen small
i ones. The fishing is pronounced remark
able for so early in the season.
Colonel Kelihor and C. G. Young are i
still at Boca, where they have been for !
three weeks.
• J. "W. Orear of Oakland goes to "Webber
Lake and Meadow Lake to-day for the
fishing and grouse-shooting.
A party of 100 fishermen went to the
Farallones on the steamer Point Arena j
last Saturday. W. R. Borlinl caught the
prize fish, a thirty-two-pound cod. Dr.
ieberst and S. V. Costello were also sue-'
I cessful, if what they say is true.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
1 .water, tub goA swimming tjatha. North Beach. • I
pp-M^J ©
STRIVING FOR BLUE RIBBONS.
The Becond annual horse show of the
Burllngame Country <'lul> was opened <>n
the club grounds yesterday. It will be
concluded to-day, when a large attendance
iis expected, the entire affair being thrown
open to the public. An immense amphi
theater has been prepared Immediately in
I front of the clubhouse, from which the
competition is watched by the members
| and their guests.
SCULLERS MEET
IN CONVENTION
Will Discuss the Government of
Boat Racing on This Coast.
Around the Clubs.
A notice has bi-en sent by the secretary
of the Pacific Coast Amateur Athletic
Union to the representatives of the vart
j ous clubs included In the association, in
forming them that the annual convention
of the association will be held on Monday
evening, the 18th inst., in the parlors of
the Olympic Club. Delegates are request
ed to bring with them proper credentials
certifying to their appointment as repre
sentatives. The following amendment to
the constitution, which was approved by
the board of managers on April 14, will
be presented for final adoption or rejec
tion:
The association shall have Jurisdiction
over the following athletic sports: Basket
ball, billiards, boxing, baseball Undoor and
outdoor), gymnastics. handball, hunlle
racing, jumping, lacrosse, footliall, pole
vaulting, wrestling, running, swimming,
rowing, tugs-of-war, walking, putting the
shot, throwing the discus, hammer and
Wrights.
The important point in the proposed
amendment is the inclusion of rowing in
the list of sports to be controlled by the
Pacific Association, though the Amateur
Athletic Union, of which the association
is a member, exercises no jurisdiction over
oarsmen, leaving their affairs to the Na
tional Association of Amateur Oarsmen.
There Is, however, little doubt that the
amendment will pass, the matter having
been thoroughly thrashed out some
months ago.
Last Sunday there was a large attend
ance of members at the South End boat
house, and several went out in skiffs or
barges. For the present the recently com
pleted handball court is attracting much
attention. The "Irish" barge crew is ex
pected to return from Manila by the next
transport. The Acme Club has promised
to pay $10 per month to the South Ends
as compensation for the loss of the barge
Qarfleld, which was burned In 1895 while
in the keeping of the Acme Club. A new
junior barge crew has been formed. It is
mado up of two skiffmen, a handball
player and an oarsman — J. Foley and Dr.
C. C. Dennis, Al Hampton and Emii
Blumlein. They are all hard workers,
however, and will give the junior crews
of thp other dubs a hard rub. -- •.„
Leashmen to Course for $3000
Thirty- Foot Yachts to Compete
Swift Carrier Pigeons to Race
The Mameda Boat Club intends within
the oominfc three weeks to give a regatta
on the estuary. There will be a barge
relay race in which a packet will he car
ried, a pie-eating contest in yawls, ana
short dashes of an eighth, a quarter and a
half mile in outrigged skiffs.
QUAIL ARE SAID
TO BE PLENTIFUL
Promise Good Sport for the Gun-
men in the Field When
the Season Opens.
With Ihp waning of the deer and the
dove season the sportsmen are preparing
against the rapidly approaching- day when
they will divide their attention between
Hiiail and ducks on marsh and upland.
In Elumboldt County mountain quail are
in abundance, while no valley quail are in
sij. r ht. The opposite is the case down
Salinas way, where valley quail are nu
merous. The sason will be hue in
Fresno County as no shooting is allowed
until November 1. The sport will be ai
its best throughout tho State at that date,
as a month earlipr there is a lingering
touch of summer in the atmosphere that
is :it;aii!St a man exerting himself in the
field.
The Empire Gun Club will promote one
of the most ambitious shoots at blue
rocks to-day and to-morrow ever held on
this coast. The meeting will be held on
the club grounds, Alameda Point, and
will be made a festive occasion. There
will be a merchandise shoot each day,
the gunmen being divided into twelve
classes, according to their merit. It must
be an inexperienced man who cannot win
something out of the hundreds of prizes
offf red.
The "varmint" hunt of the Olympic Gun
Club has been definitely fixed for the 17th
inst. The members will go to the grounds
the day before. On Wednesday evening a
club dinner will be held at which the
medals won during the year will be pre
sented.
J. Homer Frltch. H. F. Rose and others
of the club will spend the Admission day
holidays on the Rodgers ranch in quest
of deer.
Otto Feudner. the crack trap shot, made
a wonderful record for the season In the
California Wing Club tournaments. Out
of ninety-seven birds at which he Bhot
he missed but two.
JOCKEY REIFF WINS.
He and Skeet6 Martin Successful in
English Races.
LONDON. Sept. S.— At the fourth day
of the Doncaster September meeting 1 , the
race for the Westmoreland plate, a handi
cap of 300 sovereigns, for three-year-olds
and upwards, was won by H. C. White's
aged chestnut gelding Form, ridden by L.
Keiff, the American jockey. Joe Ullman
was second and Miche was third. Five
horses ran.
The race for the Doncaster stakes of
ten sovereigns each, with 500 sovereigns
added, for foals of 1596, was won by Sir R.
Waldle Griffiths brown filly Landrail, on
wbtcb "Skeets" Martin had the mount.
J. Simon Harrison's Umbrosa was second,
and Mr. Fairies Gallot was third. Dis
tance one and one-half miles.
Sunday's Handball Entries.
What Is termed the "cyclone" team,
consisting of A. Hampton, Professor John
Riordan, J. Kilgallon and R. LJnehan,
will measure arms' length at Phil Ryan's
court in a decisive bout to-morrow: The
other entries are:
E. Lynch and E. McDonougb. vs. W. H. Sie
berst and D. J. Sheehan.
T. Foley and J. Kirby vs. D. Regan and E.
Barry.
O. McDonald and M. McNeil v». P. p. Mc-
Kinnon ami I>. Rodgers.
P. Hutchinson and P. Kelly VB. M. Dillon
and G. Hutchinson.
E. Toy and J. Collins vs. J. White and M.
Maguire.
Single-hand game— A. Whiteraan, boy cham
pion, vs. Fred Smith.
M. Basch and P. Ryan vs. J. Dowllng and
R, Housman. < .
GREYHOUNDS TO RUN
FOR VALUABLE STAKES
Over Three Thousand Dollars Offered at the
Two Parks — Highest Class Dogs in
America Will Compete.
YACHTSMEN WILL
CRUISE TO NAPA
Many of the San Francisco Club
men to Spend the Holi
days en the River.
Commodore A. M. Clay cruised to Marin
Islands last Sajturday, returning on Sun
day to Oakland Creek J. Carrier last
week put his new yacht Jessie E on the
beach in the creek and thoroughly cleaned
and painted her for to-day's regatta. As
she is the smallest boat in the :!G-foot
class she will receive a considerable time
allowance from all her competitors, and
should Rive them a good race.
Commodore T. 1,. Hill made an early
start from Bausalito last Sunday morning
with a large party on board the flagship
Cygnus and dropped anchor in Paradise
Cove, l.ater he was joined by the sloops
Juanlta, Thetis and Catherine. The Cyg
nus and Thetis raced home to Sausalito.
t lie former having a considerable start,
but towing three boats, while the latter
towed a skift and carried a canoe on
board. The Thetis passed the Cygnus.
but the moorings of both boats were
picked up almost simultaneously.
l^ast night Commodore Hill, followed by
three or four of the San Francisco fleet,
which has no entries in to-day's regatta,
started for Vallejo, where he anchored
for the night. To-day the yachts will sail
up N'apa Creek to Napa City, and will
anchor close to the bridge. To-night the
Native Sons of Napa will give a reception
to the yachtsmen, and to-morrow the fleet
will start for Sausalito.
Last Sunday the burgee of the South
Bay Yacht Club was se.en at the main
truck of a boat anchored off the San
Francisco clubhouse at Sausalito. The
boat was the sloop Feu Follett, formerly
owned by H. J. Gorter of the Corinthians.
Auzerais and Smith, owners of the sloop
Papoose, were desirous to get a race
toward the close of last season, but the
boat arrived too late to start In the re
gatta of September ft, and no race could
be arranged for her afterward. This year
she is not entered in the Admission day
regatta, nor Is any other yacht of the
South Bay fleet.
PENNANTS AND CUPS
FOR FAST YACHTS
The fourth annual regatta of the Pacific
Interstate Yacht Association will take
place to-day over the usual channel
course. Twenty entries have been re
ceived. In five classes. The boats of the
"mosquito fleet" will start at noon from
the foot of Powell street. The yachts sail
out by way of Presidio shoal buoy, thence
to Blossom Rock buoy.
The regatta committee in charge of the
race consists of the following: Dr. C. L.
Tisdale of the Enclnal Yacht Club (chair
man). L. Q. Haven of the San Francisco
P. Eastwood of the Corinthian and B. W
Robson of the California. The referee is
Charles G. Yale, for many years secretary
of the San Francisco Yacht Club. The
judges are T. F. Tracy of the Corinthians
and M. J. Hernan of the San Franciscos
and the timers are B. W. Robson and r'
R. l'Hommedieu. Protests must be in
writing and must reach the headquarters
of the regatta committee in the Mer
chants' Exchange before 6 p. m. on Mon
day, September 11.
MATCH FOR FITZ.
DENVER, Sept. 8.-Frank Aldrich of
New York to-night deposited $000 with
Bob Stockton, a prominent sporting man
of this city, to hack "Mysterious Bill?"
Smith against Bob Fitzsimmons for $5000
a side. Fitzsimmons to name time and
other terms, and the fight to be before
the club offering the largest purse.
spoi^ys
rp HE third renewal of the California
Produce stake will be run at Union
Produce stake will be run at Union
I Coursing Park to-day and to-morrow.
■*■ This is on*, of the richest stakes of
the year, the iotal prize money being
11350. A commbtep made up of men rep
resented in the stake decided to withhold
$450 of this amount for a consolation
stake to be run one week from to-mor
row.
The value of the prizes at Union Park
has spurred the Ingleside management on
to great efforts with the result that $1005
Is offered at that park to-day, making a
total of $3105 for which the dogs will run.
The most attractive feature of the
card is the Champion stake. In this are
such popular flyers as Connemara, Luxor,
Cavalier. Soubrette, Thornhill. Wild
Tralee, Kid McCoy, Jessamy, lwin City
Girl, Flyaway and Lawrence. In addi
tion to the big stake there is one for
non-winners, dogs that have not finished
better than third at either park during
the past six months. '
In addition to the Produce stake at
Union Park there will be an open stake,
for which $750 is offered in prizes. This
of itself would prove a good card under
ordinary conditions. When taken in con
junction with the big stake it makes a
marvelous programme. The dogs were
placed well in the draw, thus insuring
good sport throughout the various rounds
of the stake. Both stakes have a partic
ularly open look, it being a brave man
who "would attempt to pick the ultimate
winner. The Produce stake will attract
the attention of breeders the world over,
curiosity being excited as to what blood
lines will produce the greatest grey
hounds.
"Tom" Fitz of Merced will be a factor
in the local coursing from this time forth.
He has Thomas Mclnerney's great dogs
Johnny R. Rosie R, Norah, Regina and
Tommy Rex in his string. Some of these
have many stakes to their credit.
Three of D. J. Healey's dogs became
engaged in a fight while being exercised
recently. As a result Day Spring was
killed and Grenada sustained a broken
leg. The other nine dogs of the string
dragged their trainer along in an effort
to get into the tight.
Miller's Robbie has whelped seven pup
pies to For Freedom. The For Freedom-
Sly Girl youngsters are doing well. One
ot these will be the first of the great
English dogs progeny to run. It will be
run as a sapling, the others being saved
until they have attained their full growth
as they are too valuable to risk injury
to them. J
The annual plains meeting of the Inter
state Coursing Club will b< held at Mer
ced early in November.
VISITING CRICKETERS PLAY HERE.
A cricket eleven composed of members
of the Santa Cruz Country Club will visit
j San Francisco on the invitation of the
I Pacific Cricket Club and will play a match
: this afternoon against the Alameda team
The representatives of last year's cham
i pion club will be the following- E II
Norris, C. Banner, H. Ward Sr.. H. Ward
I Jr., J. J. R. Peel, p. E. McLean, S. H
Head. George Hellmann, J. H. Saunder*
■ H. Bird and F. J. Croll. A. G. Heath a
well known member of the old Bohemian
Cricket Club and formerly one of the vice
presidents of the California Cricket Asso
| ciation though residing here, will play
; for Santa Cruz. The visitors will be the
| fter"" ° the Pacitic and Alameda crick
" To-morrow the Santa Cruzans will play
against an eleven of the Pacific Club
made up of the following: George Theo
mt^ds (C T^.(Vri: J H. '^a&vVT
Coles XV. McDonald, A^wVtvffdine; W.
' x oIZZ° C }' ?\ us and E - F - Musson
■„ A cricket club has recently been organ
zed in Sacramento and already has
twenty rnemoers. A ground has been se
cured and some practice has been had
The captain of the club is E. J. Rees, who
is said to have played in the Gloucester
shire eleven. The secretary is L. W
Robltaille. On Labor day the new club
played an eleven of the Placer Count
HI 1 " 18 Colony, and though beaten showed
that with more practice a fair team can
be got together. The visitors won by 86
runs, the scores being as follows:
1c cl1 ™ 8 Colony Club-W. Petherick. b. Rees
!16; H. Macartney, b. Rees. 15; H. F Elliot'
b. Furley, 43; R. Marsh-Brown "c LonZ'
•m.!); Furley. 17; F. Fakenham. b. Rees o~
H. Alder, b. U '"i <y ', 0; K. H. -Owen b Rees'
3; A. Jervis, b. Furley, 2; A. Chute b Reel"
2; R. Souther, b. Rees, 5; M. Walker not out!
1; byes, 8: leg bye, 1; wides. 2; total 117 U
Sacramento Cricket Club— F Pardop h
Ma.iirtnpy, 1; Fl. I. Furley, c Pakenhnm k"
W.Xb>ta.l?e, V. Green, b' 'Macartney *$£
W. RobltalUe, c. and b. Elliott l- r y 'j r' .'
Macartney. 1; J. Johnson, c Pe?heridk S Sew"> w"
liutt l; W. Longbottom.'b Macartney 3- W*
W. Cross, not out, 0; T. X " BarkwnVth '
out. 0; byes, 5; total, 31. -^arlcworth. rurt
Of the Placer County tpnm tv -d *v
crick , th Marsh-Browne and A \ c C;
were in the eleven that last year in th»
course of a cricketing tour played a«iin«
teams representing Burns Valley I ake
port Lake County, the Alameda Pa elite
and San Jose cricket clubs. F E P-fken
n m . E. F. Elliott and H. G Pakenham
played against a team called the Alameda"
Wanderers, who visited' Placer County
May 29 and 30 of last year E F. El ioU
!h d the highest batting average (23) of
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur- \
chased from all agents and \
newsdealers at 5c per copy. >spoi^js
STRONG ELEVEN
WILL REPRESENT
THE WINGED "O"
Manager Greenebaum Has Se
cured Good Players.
He Has Also Arranged a Series of
Games With Berkeley and
Stanford E ! evens.
Popt. SO^-Olympic vf. U. C Berkeley Campus
Oct. Olympic vs. Stanford — San Francisco
<Jot. 14— Olympic vs. U. C San Francisco
Oct. ll— Olyinpii; vs. Stanford . San Francisco
Nov. 4.— Olympic vs. IT. C San Francisco
Nov. 7— Olympic vs. Stanford Palo Alto
Nov. 11- Olympic vs. V. C San Ffnncisoo
Nov. IS -Olympic vs. Stanford . San Francisco
Manager ll S. Greenebaum of the winged
••O" has completed arrangements wit] the
Pine, aiul Gold and Cardinal teams for a
series of games during the football season.
As will be seen from the foregoing sched
ule, a majority of the contests will be
played in this city, and the followers of
tlie fascinating sport will have even,' op
portunity of judging the college teams up
to within a week of their annual contest.
The Olympic team will begin practice on
Monday evening next, and considering the
list of candidates for the team the college
athletes will have no easy time winning
victories The following well-known
heroes of the gridiron have affixed their
names to tlie list and will don football
*ults: Hobbs. Smith. Fickert, Krskine
sheeny, MeLaine. McNevin, Hamilton.
Atkinson Gaylord; Le Ballister. Cluni
T.'liu. Middleman, Keller. Monroe, Cotton
garter Snowden, Butz, Cartwright and
3 . K. Co<le.
As will be scon by the foregoing names,
Manager Oreenebaum will be "able to place
i formidable >• am li the field. i tobi has
played with the Olympics for the past
rour years as guard and has proved a
tower of strength in the line, ' Smith's
shoulder is in shape and he is certain to
>ut up pood football. The winged "< i's"
:stute manager Is to be congratulated
ipon securing Pickert. Stanford's captain
1896 is ranked as one of. the best guards
'ii the coast; and as he is a conscientious
ila-yer experts will surely witness high
iass work. "Dugey" Erskine and Jean
iheehy are ell known to the followers
if the me. Although Stewart Cotton
•x-eaptain of Stanford '97; is on the list
>f players, there is a doubt in the minds
if his friends whether he will again get
nto a football suit. A great deal of pres
sure has been brought to bear on the Car
iinal star fullback by Manager Greene
aum. and he confidently belie that
'otton will be seen mi he gridiron this
•cason in an Olympic suit. Cluni played
ullback on the lowa University team and
s highly recommended. Monroe played
>n the famous Butte team. He stands
! feet 1 inch and weighs 250 pounds. The
iv«rage weight of the team will probably
)•• IS3 pounds.
A training table will be immediately es=
ablished at the club and the members
>f the team will receive every attention
hiring th»> season. "Tommy" Code, the
i;trc]-\yorking quarter-back, has been
hoserl captain and he intends putting a
vir.ni.nß team into the field. The men will
:o to the Olympic outdoor grounds to-mor
ow morning at 11 o'clock for kicking and
ight practice. Manager Greenebaum will
ake the team to the riding academy daily
it 6 p. m.. and ■:•■:■: hour and a half
►r practice ha ■ th« sprint to the Olym
'ic Club for a swim and rub-down.
■ m ■
Athletic Club Fails
PLACERVILI •-•■■: • . mond
•" ■ ■ ■ • -■• ■ [üba Incor-
Interior of the Sr.it. under
regufatlng prize fighting passed
at th( • lon of t))'- Legislature, dis
■
In rh.-> clii brooms
Hall. Th« had a
: until ' ' -■.-, lut
not make the sport financially buc
: - majority conclud
■ •••
GREAT PACERS COMING
John R. Gentry, Patchen and Ana
conda to Race in This State.
I.OS A.NOEL,] - Sept. S.— Louis Thorn,
Pf-cretary of the Sixth District Agricul
tural Association, which controls the race
track here, telegraphed from New York
to-day that he ha.« secured the appearance
of thr^e noted horses— Joe I'ati h.-n. Ana
' ''conda and John R. Gentry— for the race
■ mot-t here from October 21 to 26. All three
will be entered in the great free-for-all
event.
Yesterday's Insolvents
Ji bn i • • lampbell, Kings
jets.
Send the SUNDAY CALL to \
our friends abroad — wrapped >
ready for mailing, 5c per copy, i
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— Fifth day of the meeting of the State
Fair Association. Friday. Sept. 8. Weather fine. Trackjast.
FIRST RACK— Pacing. 2:13 daps; mile heats, beet two In three; purse, $1000.
£ ffiSSlffi?^ Montecifo 1«..y. by Glenwood by Echo (Mencha . < : a ::. ! m Ir. I
d-^4% m^^=o&i::::::::::::::.::3:"::::^^ • j ij&
E^&ll • -^
■ ;:,,;-2V- 2^. -
The hopples on Dlawood broke, causing him to collide with Don, unseating both drivers.
SECOND RACE-Trotting; special for traveling men; mile heats; purse, $150.
Farmer's Girl fBell) !.".'!!!!.'!.'.'!!.'!.'.'!.'!...'!!!! 2 3
Gumdrnp (Peterson) ■ 3 2
Klnney (l.'l»n) •• 4 4
lo^n, (Mccarty) •— — Timej^V:^.
~ ! . ." , _ u-ti.^ Starter— K. Havey.
Presiding Judge— J. VI. Wilson. _ '_
. THIRD RACE- Five furlongs; the Sunny Slope Stake: two-year-old fillies; value,
$.iio. ' : — — :
. — . — I ' : I Betting.
Inde_ n- v.-rv Vt^Um. 4m. *m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. lOP- 0-
index. Horse. Welght.tSt. Urn. 4m. Km. Str. Fin, j Jc^eys^ Op-^Cl.
— unf-i 1 24 ii 11 12 miorpe «-5 1-2
• ... Bee Bee '.. ? ... js ~ 48 2 1 2 4 .1 Ward 3-2 8-5
30 Mldity Jw 'B -• 35 3Hi 4 6 , ns E. Jones 3 5
•30 Flush of Gold 110 1 '•' 2 i, 21 3 1 46 Macklln ' 8 IS
...Flamote J * • •"-. 55 5 5 Morse 10 15
21 Enjoyment ir,-» 4 ••• _ ■ ■ —— ■
T__«-t;«; Fair start. Won nil out Winner, Burns & Waterhouse _ b. f.. by Imp.
Time— 1:02. Fair start. Won an out.
St. -Andrew-Free Low — -
'' FOURTH RACE-SevenluTlTngs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, ?300.
, \ , " "~j H-lting
_______ : ' j BetthS.
HorBe. weigh, ;st. Km. **>. — . Str. Fin. Jockey.. O,
index. Horse. Weight. St. 4m. 4m. *m. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. Op. CI.
'— ... "," 9 9 124 11 1 14 12 Thorpe I 1 7-10
(34) Panamlnt ..". KJ ■ ** 2 321 38 23 Coburn 6 to
- 29 Petal M* if 32-36 2h 3 15 Mounce 1 1
31 Alarla «_ 3 \y £4 B „ 51 4 2 J.Ward IS 50
... Hat-tile '"■* « .' , ?. 6 ™ 6 53 Wlckline 20 50
28 Alturas J02| a i> i » J .; 42 . 44 6 Snider ! 6 15
\ :;;;;::::_ol j J_L__±i____j i-a - — ___^_____j_j__i5
Wato^pa. *™| _* " " ' '" '" """" ' ' ' ' ' " "
-^FHn7-l:g4. Good tart. Won easing up. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. 0.. by
Fellowcharm-imp. Paloma. — ■■ ■
Fellowcharm-lmp. Paloma.
Bl_ turlonirs: «Uln«; three-year-olds and upward: purse. J230.
It^i^Irj^^^^^^^^^^^ and upward: purse' ?25°-
, : : — i : ~ " i Betting.
index. _<«•. Age. Weight.'st. 4m. M-L «m Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. I St. Mm. 4m. %m. c"-
'ZZaZ 19 12 .. 14 lOolden j 2 3
" 1 , 7Z}r, ' Tl 1~2 ""T^ 14 IGolden 2 3
14 Airmsn. 4 109 1 ... If »* 2 ,.. bounce C 15
26 Stromo. 3 - 103 4 ... * * »?■ 3 14 Ruiz 8 10
33 balance, 5 109 I ... »* «* 4 4 J. Ward 8 8
• 24-Tenrlca. 4 K» » ... »> k * ... 63 Lloyd 1 7-10
25 Major Cook, a 114 7 ... <; - » - ... 61 Walsh ! 15 20
25 Smyle, 4....... ,2 _ ... 44 »i ... 72 W|ckllne I 6 10
... Jennie GIbb. 5 104- ... 4 4 4 4 ;!4 Coburn 4 5
26 Hhoera. 4... 99 8 ... 0 1 8 5 95 :Butler ! 8 15
* Colonel Dan, 5 "2 10 ... 10 9- •• Blair j .6 6
... Yaruba. 3 U»l < _••• < 4 1' _ _ ! ■
" T ;: ■ ii',. Good start, Won easily. Winner, Crane & Owens' b. g., by Captain Al-
!__.. Intruder.
I__a;. Intruder. . . . . .,....-,..
Exciting Tennis Matches at Del Monte
Close Finishes at Sacramento
Big Pacers Coming to California
EASTERN MEN
GAIN TENNIS
CHAMPIONSHIP
Braley and Bell, Southern Califor
nia Players, Create Surprise
by Excellent Showing.
Prwla! Dispatch to Th» Call.
DEL MONTE., Cal., Sept. B.— Whitman
and Wright are the winners of the Pacific
Coast all-comers' doubles tournament,
i and as such will play the Hardy brothers
to-morrow afternoon for the champion
ship of the Pacific Coast. ■*"•
The Easterners engaged in two matches
to-day, in the morning: with .Braley and
Bell, champions of Southern California,
and in the afternoon with the Whitney
freres, winning both without much exten
sion or effort, although Braley and Bell
gave tin- Easterners the hardest battle
of the tournament. The first-class dou
bles teams of California are no longer
summed up in the names of Hardy and
Whitney; Braley and Bell Is the latest
addition, and it is a strong one.
Wherever you go on the Del Monte
grounds you strike some sort of a tennis
champion, even if it is of a village school.
There never was such a collection of
racket celebrities before. The day after
to-morrow it will be all over, and these
would-be champions will have lost the
denominations which carried them to Del
Monte to light with the men of the East.
The surprise of the day was the splen
did showing that Braley and Bell made.
This team came all the way from L,os
Angeles to wear out rubber soles on hard
asphalt in a vain light against Whitman
and Wright, but their work was easily
the best of the tournament. It was cer
tainly of a superior order when compared
with the playing of the doubles champions
of America, Ward and Davis. The first
sel played was won easily by the southern
team. Whitman and Wright secured but
three games.
The three sets following were won by
Whitman and Wright. 6—3. 6—l, G— 4. The
last set was not an easy one for them,
every point being contested and hard
fought. '- V
In the afternoon the largest crowd that
has yet gathered at the tournament filled
the stands and awaited the coining of the
four who were to play off the finals.
Whitman and Wright were first on the
scene of the racket struggle. George
Whitney was an Immediate follower, but
"Brother Bob" was late by some ten
minutes. The "clouting" he has received
during the last few days has left him
spiritless and he now thinks of taking
up golf or possibly croquet.
The first match of this contest was won
by Whitney and Whitney. "Brother Bob"
smiled and George pattered to the other
side of the net, happier than he has been
In four da vs. With a swish and bang
the terribles began their "clouting" again
and the Whitney treres were triturated
on the asphalt. Robert Whitney, with a
diabolic inspiration, thought it wise to
drive everything that came within his
rise. He wanted to be a "clouter." but
all that was accomplished by his swish
banging was a rent or two in the net and
removed sections of w<ie fence. Robert
X Whitney is now known as "Clouter 1-4
Socond." George Whitney played a steady
game, the best he has done since .the be
ginning of the tournament.
In the second set the Whitney? started
out well, winning the first two games.
The third game was taken by Whitman
and Wright, and they tied the score at
the end of the sixth game. Four gam'-s
were won by the local men in this set.
"Clouter the Second" had sided and
was feeling the ball. The third sot was
easy labor for the Easterners, the Whit
■ .'•-.> taking but a single game to con
sole them li v.< ■ contemplation of the
many ''clouts" received at the hands of
the visitors. The tournament ended with
a quadruplicate handshake Just as Pro
fessor Joseph Dailey announced the win
ners.
The ladies' championship singles tour
nament was to be played to-morrow
morning, but the only lady players on
th.> theater of action are Miss Bee Hooper
and Miss Button of Southern California.
\ handsome silver toilet set ornaments
the office hall at the hotel and will be an
easily won reward if the tournament is
played, as Miss Jones, the present cham
pion, Is in the far East.
To-morrow afternoon the Hardys will
meet Whitman and Wright for the cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast. There are
many tennis omniscients at Del Monte
who "are willing to wager cigarettes that
it will be a fizzle match.
The scores of to-day's play:
Braley an.l Bell beat Fatjo and Warburton.
6 3 82, — 2. Semi-finals— Whitman and
Wright beat Braley and Bell. 3— C, 6—3. 6—l,
6—4 Final?— Whitman and Wright beat Whit
ney' and Whitney. 6—2, 8- 4. 6-1.
Consolation doubles resulted as follows:
Cornell and Crowell beat McChenney and
Davis 6—4 6—l. McFariane and Stewart beat
Johnson and Arsuello, 6-3 .6-2. Hunt and
Beager beat Fatjo and Warburton. 3—6, b— i,
9—7. . _^^____
"We used to think men had to climb
to fame." "Don't they?" "No; Hc-bson
dived." "That's so." "And Funston
swam."— Chicago Record.
artlng .Tn.ise -Frank Covey.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1899.
BOOKIES HARD
HIT BY THE
TRAVELERS
In a Special Race at Sacramento
Fair Grounds the Drummers
Run in a Ringer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 8.-A crowded
grand stand and a bustling, hustling
crowd in the hotting ring contributed to
making "Commercial Travelers' day" the
gala affair of the week. In the forenoon
at the park two nines, composed of
knights Of the grip, engaged in a game
of ' baseball, in which the Sacramento
team carried away the honors before an
audience composed largely of the fair
sex.
This afternoon they held a levee in the
betting ring and there got away with the
coin. The weather was sweltering hot,
which the harness brigade seemed to en
joy. Bee Bee and Panamint were the
only winning choices.
The Sunny Slope stake for two-year-old
fillies fell to the favorite Bee Bee, ridden
by Thorpe. A field of but /five young
misses went into the hands of the starter,
with Mldity a strongly backed second
choice. Thorpe, on the first choice, man
aged to get a running start, while the sec
ond choice was unfortunate enough to be
standing flat-footed as the rubber snapped.
Bee Bee, never headed, won by over two
lengths In 1:02. Mldlty ran through her
field, easily securing the place from Flush
of Gold, and away better v.-ould have giv
en the winner a strong argument.
To the "drummers" can be accorded the
credit of turning the neatest trick of the ,
After a number of contests with the Defender which the new yacht won by good margins, the Columbia had been officially selected to meet the Shamrock in the.
international race next month.
day. In the Bpeciol, fur horses to be
driven by the. traveling men. was entered
a little black mare called Farmer's Girl,
once known on the circuit aa Pansy, with ;
:■ n cord of 2:14 V Tin: bookies were n t
on to the ringer and laid against hi r for
tli'- opening heat, considering Kinney,
held at l to '■' a "moral." Farmer's <lirl
showcii the way to the wire in both
heats, and the books were about as hard
hi; .is they have t •• -» -i: during the meeting.
The winner wvis driven by M. A. Bell. In
the second heat Kinney. under forced
draught, did manage to finish b perspiring
second.
The 2:15 pace witnessed the downfall "f
the favorite, Arthur W. the long end of
the purse going to Don. The latter la a
Bingularly fortunate horse, for In the
third heat he was In collision with I>i;-
wood, which wlggler broke \A-. : hopples,
falling after passing the far nun and
bringing Don d wn with him. Both ani
mals were uninjured and Don was aili>wed_
to start again, the accident on ;!'■•■ part of
his driver Reidy, being entirely unavoid
able. For the opening heat Sophie X
drew the pole position, and aa Walter
Maben sat behind her and she had been
Bhowing w< 11 in trials, commanded con-
BiderabTe support. Don, the favorite,
passed her on the back stretch, winning
the heat easily in 2:13^, with Arthur W a
close Becond.
The betting now shifted with Arthur AY
v pronounced i hoice, and in the next heal
the big fellow won all the way, Don
breaking badiy at the stretch turn.
Monteclto Boy earned the verdict over
Dictatresa f"f the lplace.
Now a 1 to ;: chance, everybody expected
to nee the heat winner end the contest,
When just as the word was Riven in the
third heat he left his fe«t, and Qulnn con
cluded to lay up. At the paddock Prim
rose, the leader, went up, and Montecito
Boy, driven by Menchacha, placed the
heat to his credit In this heat occurred
the collision resulting disastrously for
1 >on and Diawi < d.
For th«. fourth only the heat winners,
Don, Arthur \\ and Montecito Boy, came
out. Arthur \Y at once went to the front,
but made a bad mess of it at the stretch
turn, permitting Don to win hands down.
After the Sunny Slop,- stake, a seven
furlong run was decided, for which Pana
rnint was hammered down to 7 to Id fa
voritism over Alaria. The latter proved
B disappointment. Thorpe, on the favor
ite, made all the running, winning at the
end handily from the 20 to l shot Petal,
with Coburn up. Alaria ran a close third.
Kd li'ivd. who has not won a race since
the sleighing was Rood in Sacramento,
climbed on th« back <<f Major Cook with
th.- aid "i" a step ladder and even then
the crowd made fhe gelding a 7 to 10
favorite for the final six-furlong dash.
Of course he finished just beyond the
money. Amasa, held at odds of 3 to 1. led
from the start, beating out Stromo with
littl. t'i spare. Nonchalance ran third.
To-morrow will be Native Sons' day and
another big crowd is looked for at the
track. The great free-for-all trot will be
the feature >>f the day.
The entries are as folows:
Fir^t race r.T'tnK; mile heats, three in five:
Bable l«a Grand, | Alta,
lm..iailon, Uoldy,
Cl« ii Boblet,
Guff Topsail, Wild N'utllnjf.
Valeria, Harry Aamon,'
Myrtha Whips, Uemonla.
Second race — Free-for-all trot; mile heats,
iwo In three:
Boodle. Prince Girt,
Klamath, Huzol Kinney,
Clay S, I Toggles.
Third race— Vinctor Stake; one mile; three
yea r-oldp and upward:
.. Marplot J22 36 Monrovia 113
(36)M1. McGregor.... l22 31 Libertine 122
(.32)Nilgrar 112 f3sUennie Reid 10!>
6 The Fretter 112 36 Hohenzollern 122
Fourth race — Three-quarters of a mile; two-.
5P OF vT s
year-olds; purse:
30 Const ellator 101 27 Sunello 110
.. Morella 10.'. 37 Rritt 10&
29 Bamboo Ila IIS 27 San Tomas 106
30 The Buffoon 113 .. Gold Bullion 108
Fifth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward: selling:
.. Senator Wilson. .lo3l .. Fred Gardner..;:. 103
28 Com Traveler 1071 31 Meadow Lark;. .. 103
34 Manzanilla 104 33 Cromwell ........107
(33) New Moon 101 33 Twinkle Twlnk.,lo4
State Fair Jottings.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. B.— Colonel D. II
Burns came up from the city on Monday
night.
Marty Bergen, who during his career
on the turf has paid fines enough to build
a brownstone from, dropped in from the |
East early during the week, but as yet
I has not been seen in the saddle. He looks
| light and could probably do 106 pounds
j without reducing.
John Humphrey, the bookmaker, and
! "Jack" Atkins are interested here in a
j new poolroom venture with Ed Kripp. i
; Their claim to public patronage is longer j
| prices than the old rooms.
A. . B. Spreckels. president of the Agri- !
1 cultural Society, was one of the arrivals I
by Tuesday night's train from the city.
Returning turfites from the Eastern j
I country say Joe Rose quit the game, at
1 Saratoga about $0000 loser. "English |
Bill Jackman. who was about $10,006 win- |
ner. also dropped about half of his bank i
roll at the springs meeting.
On Tuesday D. T. Schwartz and h»s
friends backed the big Nee I.an horse
[ Mafada for a mild "killing." getting a
; good long price. Midlove won easily and
was boosted $200 over the selling price by
the owner of the supposed ,good thinfe.
The books cleaned up in the neighbor
hood of 12000 over the win of New Moon
or. Wednesday, which mare galloped in
at odds of 8 and 10 to 1 practically un- j
i backed, f'romvell vrt\p reported to have I
regained his old form and carried the i
1 money of the wise set. •
Cup Defender Columbia in Racing Trim.
Colonel Park Henshaw of Chico. the ;
owner of quite a formidable string of
harness- horses, including among them the
fast mare Mamie Griffin, was a spectator
at the track on Wednesday. Colonel Hen
shaw has no horses out this y< ar.
Charley Fair Is one of the tew big het
tora at th< meet. He started to make
b Bwell plunge on Libertine bn Tuesday,
but the ring rubbed the price bo quickly
that he did not succeed in getting much
of his coin on.
John Mai key of Rancho del Paso fame
is i >ne of the regulars."
The starting of the harness horses by
Fnir.k Covey, superintendent of Palo
Alto stock farm, continues to be far above
the average and his work is by far the !
. er se< n ;it the State Fair.
W. A. Coswell and <;. W. McMullen, i
both residents of this city, exhibited very
handsome carriage teams In the parade at I
the grounds on Thursday evening.
Bee Bee, owned by Burns A Water- 1
house, i:- a strong tip for the Futurity to
be decided next week. With Dlomed. the
giant brother to Olinthus, and l>iggs '<n
ih»- doubtful list, the fast daughter of St.
Andrew is more than apt to land the rich
prize.
Toggles is said to have developed signs ;
of lameness., and old "Cookie" Klamath
will probably be favorite for the free-for- S
all tr.,t to-day.
Thomas 11. Williams Jr., president of;
the California Jockey Club, came up on )
Thursday night's train from Oakland.
.1. W. Brooks, handicapper at Oakland I
track, was one of the new arrivals on I
Priday morning. Mr. Brooks was in re
qeipt of a telegram from Don Cameron,
the owner of May W, now racing at Chi
cago, asking for twelve stalls at OaJvland
track.
As a special feature a race has been ar
ranged for Thursday, September 14, to be
called the State Fair club cup race, dis- j
tance two miles. Three-year-olds are to I
carry 100 pounds, four-year-olds and over j
110 pounds. I
000000000000 0000000 000.000000000000000000000000000 000000000000000000000
i WORN THUS BY WEAK MEN. j
° \ • D
o In all weaknesses gy\ dL ""^ <s~\ ance, the Dr. Sanden °
o resulting from youth- WQ Ws£l) >\ Electric Belt, with at- °
o ful errors or later ex- %\ W&J / 1\ tacnment for men. °
o cesses the best manner pA J^T. I A Over 6,000 cures dur-
-0 in which to apply the iftM, v'^Nll in § 18 93. Established o
1 galvanic current is imP'^^fe }° years, write , tor
o° from the lumbar re- S^^B/fCT^^^ free bOOk sent sealed,
o p- .-H-  , 1 1 wmm mWf ~~ ' ■ ■ WHICH explains all, or o
0 -gum, small of back; WsyMW* drop in at office and °
o , ,  , . Wstt-f//W-rt\ll UIUU HI at UIIILC allU o
through the kidneys, WmgMM,. consult me free of
o E^T~tf*-iT-jT*ir? r *~^ v wK LUlnlilL Hie lice vi
liver, stomach, bladder "P^^^^s.' 1 '- charge.
1 and prostate gland. <jP/^WWv DR T A~"SANDEN °
° This in the application ¥ Lh v /i V s V ) UK - I. A. bAWJJiiJN, 9
0 of mv famous annli- 1 * I 18 THIRD STREET, San Ffancisco.
o OT my TaiTIOUS appll- » • Office Honrg-9 to 6. Sundays, 11 to 1. O
0000000000000000000000000000000000 0000 00 00 000 00000 00000000000000000000
Intercollegiate Football Games
Baseball Contests To^Day
Big Boxers in Training
SHAMROCK HAS
HER FOURTH
TRIAL SPIN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. B.— Not much wind
favored Sir Thomas Lipton's yacht Sham
rock in her fourth trial spin to-day, it
is the general opinion that Designer Fife
was "putting the brakes on," for the
yacht traveled to-day so ridiculously slow
that those witnessing her declared she
was being purposely sailed out of trim.
Early In the mornirig considerable bal
last was transferred from the lighter
lister to the yacht, and most 'if it was
stewed aft. Tiie u:n James Lawrence
towed tlie yacht from her moorings in
the Horseshoe through "Gedneys chan
nel," where the mainsail was hoisted at
ll:l,i o'clock. Soon after the tug cast off
the Shamrock's club topsail was set. She
trimmed down Bh< eta and headed for
Scotland lightship, goinc at a sloy, pate
in the freshening breeze from the west
ward.
At 11* : 1 5 .sheets were eased off and the
balloon .iib topsail set. The spinnaker
boom was lowered to port and the sail set
Smartly. The yacht ran off Tiefore the
wind until l^:.".n. Captain Hogarth then
took in the light sails, as the wind had
fallen light.
At 2 p. m. there was a good eight-knot
breeze from the southwest and the yacht
was making fair speed on the starboard
tack. Soon after a rain squall struck her.
She was taken in tow and brought to her
moorings.
About 4 p. m. Percy Ohubbs' sloop yacht
Vigilant, in tow of the tug Woodruff, ar- j
rived and anchored off Tompkinsville, '
S. I. It Is -Mr. Chubbs' intention to go 1
down tht a bay to-morrow and have a
bru! h with the Shamrock.
NEW 3TORK, Si p:. B.— The Columbia ar
rived In Echo Bay from Bristol to-night.
She came down under sail.
SCATINA WAS JUSTIFIED
A Jury Decides That He Acted in
Self-Defense in Killing Salvador
Bronooli.
It took a jury in Jtidpe Dunn's court
only iei>. minutes last night to decide that
Daniel Bcatina was i>->t guilty of injrder
when he shot and killed Salvador Bron-
CoU a few months ago.
The men were partners in a vegetable
and fruit stand on Larkin street; mar
Post, and had been on bad terms for some
time before the killing. Scatina expected
trouble and was prepared fur it. and when
Broncoli aitai-kni him with a cleaver
Scatina shot and killed him. The jury
could lind no Justification for the assault
inn lost no time in Betting Dcauna ire<
_ — . 1 m •
LONGSHOREMEN INJURED.
Fred Wahl and R. Nugent, two laborers,
were injured on the water front last even
ing while loading coal. Wahl sustained
a badly lacerated head, and Nugent had
bia hand severely crushed. Roth were
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
their injuries were attended by Dr.
Thompson.
Nug-ent was assisting in loading one of
the Government transports when the
contents i>f a bucket suddenly* crashed
upon his head. Wahl was injured while
loading fuel on a norUibnund schooner,
and suffered wounds wTiTcii may result in
tlii- Inss of his thumb.
spoi^js
FANS LOOK FOR
GREAT BALL IN
TO-DAY'S GAME
Gilt Edoes and San Franciscos to
0
Cross Bats.
Local Nine Vow to Shake Off the
Hoodco Which Hoy rs Over
Their Heads.
With seven straight defeats charged up
against them the ball tossers of the home
club will enter the coming series with a
firm resolve to shake off the hoodoo. The
team has undoubtedly encountered much
hard luck, but Manager Harris concedes
that superior playing was responsible for
a few of the Sacramento victories, and in
deference to the demands of the fans he
has endeavored to strengthen his aggre
gation. Inability to connect with the ball
has been largely responsible for the com
paratively poor showing of the team and
Harris has sought to remedy that defect,
and he surely has made an improvement
in substituting Brockhoff for O'Neil and
Courtney for Muller.
Two good hitters having taken the
places of two weak ones the effect ought
to be felt in the coming series. Besides
that, there has been a complete reorgan
ization of the team and Captain Sullivan
expects to get better team work out of
the men. The series will no doubt attract
another large crowd of "fans" and en
thusiasts, for it is now well known that
when Sacramento and San Francisco
meet on the diamond the contests are
bound to be productive of exciting epi
sodes and close scores. The Sacramento
aggregation has a good lead, but if the
Friscoes win a majority of the series they
will be within easy winning distance. The
line-up for to-day's game follows:
Sacramento. Positions. San Francisco.
Stanley Catcher Swindells
Harvey Pitcher Iberj?
O'Connor First base Sullivan
Stulu Second base Krus
I «1.-elian Third base Riley
K--ran Short stop Brockhoft
1 .%!■'. .elilin Left field Courtney
! i-L;. ;,an Center field Pyno
!\j , .... Right field Hilderbrandr
GWEN ZEIGLER
DEFEATS HIS
OLD OPPONENT
Special Digpatfh to The Call.
NKW YORK, Sept. S.— Owen Zeigler,
formerly of Philadelphia, but now of
Bath Eeach, N. V. . turned what
to be an inevitable defeat ir.to a vict< ry
to-night before the Broadway Athletic
Club, where he met and whipped hi* old
time opponent. Charles Burns, of Cincin
nati. The men had previously fought
twenty rounds to a draw. They met at
catch weights. Burns hud at least tesi
pounds advantage in weight and was very
Btrong arid aggressive.
In the opening- rounds Burns was tho
aggressor, and in the fourth round Zcig
ler '.vent down twice, in the following
round Zeigler looked worried and both
men seemed tired. Science was cast to
the wind completely and they simply
slugged each other. In the seventh both
fell in a clinch. Burns after hitting Zeig
ler rather low in the body, extended his
right hand as if to apologize, but Zeig
ler merely hit his opponent on the law.
This er raged Burns and in a wild dash
he threw Zeigler heavily on the ropes.
Burns then sent his left to the jaw arm
Zeigler fell through the ropes into the
arms ot his Beconds, who shoved him
back into the ring at the clang of the
bell. In the eighth Zeigler received a l"t
of punishment in the face, Burns forcing
him all over the ring. Burns kept forcing
in the tenth and had Zeizler on the ropes
toward the end of the round, in a very
weak condition.
To the surprise of everybody, Burns
particularly. Zeigler In the next round
sent a succession of right smashes to
the Western man's head and face. Burns
showed signs uf weariness and became de
cidedly groggy. A swing of Zeigler puc
Burns down on his back, and he remained
there for nine seconds, and the bell saved
him from a knockout.
Coming lip for the twelfth round Burns
was almost as good as whipped, an<s Z<m^
ler rushed him. shooting rights and left .
forcing a terrilic pace. A left to the chin
from Zeigler was follow, ,1 hy a right un
der the heart arid Burns tumbled to the
floor. Mf was SO nearly knocked out that
the h<»ut waa stopped and Zeigler got tho
decision. _____________
ANNUAL RACES OF
SOUTHERN POLO CLUB
SANTA MONK 'A. Sept S.— The South
ern California Polo Club commenced to
day the tenth annual races. It was also
the initial programme at the New Ocean
Park racecourse, which is expected to be
one of the finest in the State. The track
is three-quarters of a mile, with a halt
mile straight dash besides.
Maiden j"-n> race, six furlongs — Jubilee
yuren. owned by W. S. Pedley, wr.n; T<
owned by A. N. Wipcins. second. Time, 1:&1.
Arcadia stakes, half mile and repeat, for
ponies First heat, Viola, owned by R. M.
Sehwars, won: Lady Betty, owned by l". Har
den Hickey, second. Time, :53ft- Second heat,
Viola won, i-.niy Betty second. Time.
T boggan Slide stake, .-.rumble, four fur
lnnt-- for !-'''!>''^T l>t>trarcll . owned by G. L.
Waring won: Devastation, owned by G. L.
Waring-, second; Selkirk, owned by C. Long,
third. Time. :4S> 2 -
Ballona stakes, four furlonss and repeat, for
saddle horses— First heat, M F. owned by A.
N. Wiggins, won: San Joaquin, owned by A. F.
Machado, second: Teresa, owned by a. n.
\\\ .'in?, third. Time. :■',.*. Second heat. M F 1
won. San Joaquin Second, Teresa third. Time,
■~v-,
Mirnmar stake, one mile, for horses -Haoien
aa owned by <'»■ L. Waring, won; Fllbbertygib
l>eu owned i>y P- Weber, second; Benroe,
owned by C. Long, third. Timp. 1:44.
"Yes. that's Guggenthorpe. He made
a fortune by inventing a roadFcraper."
"What did he do with his money?" "He
sunk it in a skyscraper."— Chicago
Tribune.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
iay a holiday.
cc in active local demand.
Wheat unsettled, owing tc indications of zvar.
Barley, Corn and Rye dull.
Oats in good demand and firm.
. r changes in Hay. Straw higher.
\ Seeds continue dull.
, r and financial quotations unaltered.
Increasing firmness in Hams. Bacon and Lard.
Mutton and Lamb lower. Other Meats unchanged.
■ fts and Hides show no new features.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
itoes and Green Com still glut the market.
Poultry continues slow and in large supply.
Game in light receipt, with good prices.
Grapes offering here at S^o per ton.
Lemons dull and lower. Limes scarce and higher.
Peaches. Pears cud Plums getting scarcer.
" ■ ■ . -zv in Pried Fruits and Nuts.
Putter and Eggs continue to shade off. Cheese topheavy.
Weekly Btr.k Gearings shew the usual gain.
To-day a Holiday.
To-day bring Admission day and a legal hoi-
May business will be suspended throughout the
State.
Charters.
The General de Charette was rechartered 1
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe. 32s fid.
Tt.e Roderick Dhu loads mdso for Hilo.
The C. D. Bryant loads coal at Nanaimo for '
the Hawaiian Islands.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings this week were $14.
--r<"7.2^7, against 512.115.15S for the same week
last year.
Coinage of the Mint.
The coinage nf the local mint during the first
c-ieht n.ontlis of the year amount* to ■ 12.386,
fltrci'ist W S3? 452 for the same time in IS9S.
n« follows: double eagles. $22,756,000: eagles.
J2 660,000; "half eagles. J6.800.000; dollars. $2.-
Bfij.OCO: half riollar:-. $334,636; quarter dollars.
$11 9, COO; dimes, f 101. 750.
Imports of Groceries.
Imports .if staple groceries at this port dur
ing the first seven months of the year were as
follows compared with the same time in 189S:
Suc;ir 230.973.0T0 lhs. against 203.894,400; t'onVe.
'1 647 400 lbs. :tK.-tinst 15.104.700; Tea. 4.081,800 lbs.
against 3,804,600; Rice, 41,741,800 lbs, against 30,-
K5.900.
Weather Rep
(120 th Merldlßn— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCIS' - O. S^>pt. S, sp. m.
The followinc maximum t-'-mreratures were
reported from stations in California to-(!ay:
Purpka 60 1 Independence SS
Red Bluff ...... '.-'vLis Angeles 74
Sacramento ■•! San Diego bb
Fresnn i-n Yuma «
San Luis Obispo 72
San Francisco data— Maxinjum temperature,
70 ; minimum, 54: moan. <">2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tl^e pressure lin? falU-n steadily over the
northern half of the Pacific slope. An area of
low pressure extends from Arizona to Northern
California. There are also sonif indications of
the approach of a low area over Vancouver
•Hk- temperature hns risen slowly over the
grf-.-iter portion of California. It has fallen
from six to ten decrees over Arizona.
The weather will continue favorable for raisin
drying in the vicinity of Kr«»sno. although rain
has fallen in central and Eastern Arizona A
maximum wind velocity of 3^ miles >.er hour
from the northwest is reported fr.->m El Paso.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight September !». 1899:
For Northern California— Fair Saturday; con
tinued warm weather In Interior; light north
erly winds inland; fresh westerly winds on the
!f°For Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
southwesterly winds.
For Nevada— Fair Saturday.
For Utah — Cloudy Saturday: showers in
Arizona— Showers in central and eastern
portion: fair in western portion.
For San Francisco md vicinity— Fair Satur
d-iv" fresh westerly wind, with fog at night.
ea>. iresn ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. S.— Considerable stock was
thrown on the market to-day is a result of the
fears of war between Great Britain and the
Transvaal, and the condition of the local money
market was a continued cause of uneasiness.
The market tnok the offerings very well, and so
no very wide breaches were, made in prices.
First prices of a number of the internationals
were the lowest of the day. notably Kansas and
Texas preferred and Norfolk and Western pre
ferred, which fell 1?* and 1 respectively. De
clines were not down to the London parity as a
rule and vigorous support was forthcoming at
the decline.
Kansas and Texas preferred and Norfolk pre
ferred recovered their losses, and there was a
rally all along the line. Near noon there was
renewed weakness on the circulation of alarm
ist rumors regarding the outcome of the Brit
ish Cabinet meeting. The general level of prices
rell lower than on the first dip. There was a
movement to cover short contracts when au
thrmio reports were received of the better feel
ins engendered In London after the Cabinet
meeting. About the s.ime time Manhattan was
taken in hand and marked up over two points.
Metropolitan Street Railway. Sugai and Brook
lyn Transit rose simultaneously. The general
level of prices rose •' large fraction, sufficient
In many cases to wipe nut earlier losses. There
were BOrne subsequent wide movements in spe
cial Ftocks. but the general mnrket continued
quiet and dull, prices not again being material
ly changed. Tennessee Coal rose aggressively
to 117 In the filial dealings, and Manhattan
touched 116. the speciHltl>-<: generally showing
some response. Pacific Mail suffered a loss of
nearly four points on the statement of a de
crease in July earnings, but rallied afterward.
Other stccks to show acute depression were
Tin Plate? American Hoop, the Tobacco stocks.
Third Avenue. Metropolitan, West Side Ele-
VHted preferred, Leather preferred and National
f?t°ei. and among the railroads. Erie preferred,
Colorado n:id Southern first preferred. North
western, Omaha. I.nrkmvanna. Hocking Val
ley preferred. Fort Worth and Kio Orande and
Pittsburg, Cincinnati; Chicago and St. lyiuis
preferred. The tightnefs of the money market
was unrelieved, time loans wire held at C per
cent nd call loans for the most part ranged
from five and up to six per cent. The late fall
In call loans occurred after the needs of most
of the borrowers had been met and was with
out significance. A further decline in the sur
plus reserves In to-morrow's hank statement is
;i foregone conclusion. The movements of cur
rency by express Indicate a net loss to the In
terior by the banks of nearly 13,000,000, and
the sub-treasury has gained from the banks. in
cluding payments for taxes and deposits for
telegraphic transfer to the interior. $3,636,000.
No set-off Is apparent against this loss of cash
of upward of $8,500,000. Sterling exchange in
New York fell a sharp fraction this morning
In spite of higher discount rates in London.
but 1 the hankers' rate for demand sterling
partly recovered in the afternoon. The recent
firmness of sterling exchange is attributed to a
demand for bankers' bills to cover short sales
made against cotton bills.
The bond market showed a yielding tendency
r>n a model volume of transaction*, total
tales par value. S2.niO.oOfl.
United States bonds unchanged In bid quota
fOn°' NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Pharos Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid
r,,225 Atchison 2HJ
25,750 Atch'.son profd , <s<?i«
2.700 Baltimore A Ohio f>3
Canadian Pacific ex dlv 53 7
100 Canadian Southern BS
1.40(1 Central Pacific f'7'A
■t. fi.'i.i Chesapeake & Ohio 2S
1.000 Chicago ■ [real Wivtern 1 11
21. wr. Chicago Burlington &^Quincy... '..... VAX
inn Chicago Ind *. Pt Lou Ik 9%
200 Chicago In.! & 81 Louis -prefd 42
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95Vi
1,000 Chicago & Northwestern 169 '
5.064 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific HS'i
1,650 C C >' & St Louis 56
230 Colorado Southern 5%
100 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 164
2,140 Delaware A Hudson 123 (
£00 Delaware Lack & Western 17*4 i
1.475 Denver & Kio Grande 22 :
1,000 Denver & Rio Grande prefd '■'■■■.
Erie 13
¥0 Erie Ist prefd > 36»i I
275 Great Northern prefd li'r
-500 Hocking Coal 1«U |
Hocking Valley 3»'- j
600 Illinois Central 114-
-300 lowa Central 14 |
300 lowa Central prefd 5714 I ;
300 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 10% | j
Lake Erie & Western 20
250 Lake Erie & Western prefd 7< : ->
Lake Shore 20ni :
5.050 Louisville & Nashville SO'-i, !
36.5."0 Manhattan Elevated 115%
4,040 Metropolitan Street Railway 203*1
4.450 Mexican Central 15% ; ,
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 74 * ;
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 96
5.625 Missouri Pacific 47% j
POO Mobile & Ohio 47
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 13.; I
5,595 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 41* ]
400 New Jersey Central 11SV4 I
4.070 New York Central 137*-i I
2.W) Norfolk & Western 25*
3.220 Norfolk & Western prefd 70H
6..-..W Northern Pacific 53\ |
1.200 Northern Pacific prefd 76%
3,2">0 Ontario & Western 26% i
Oregon Railway & Navigation 46
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd .... 7>'U
2,200 Pennsylvania 135%
200 Reading 22
9.020 Reading Ist prefd 60V&
1,700 Reading 2d prefd 33 '
Rio Grande Western 31
Rio Grande Western prefd S2
St Louis & San Fran 11
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 63
3.-" St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36Vi
2.17.'i St Louis Southwestern 15 !
3,fW5 St Louis Southwestern prefd 36* '
15,875 St Paul .....134',«
800 St Paul prefd 178
200 St Paul & Omaha 119 !
15,350 Southern Pacific 374
2.400 Southern Hallway 12%
6.4r.0 Southern Railway prefd 54%
1.030 Texas A Pacific 20%
13.650 Union Pacific 46% I
7.165 Vnion Pacific prefd ex dlv 7- '.
Wabash 7%
1.3"0 Wahash prefd 22
1.250 Wheeling & Lake Erie 12%
1"' Wheeling & Lake Erie 2.1 prefd.... 814
Wisconsin Central : 17%
P. C, C. & st Louis 75V 4
Express companies —
Adams 115
American 150 !
244 United States 50.
100 Wells-Fargo 135 i
Miscellaneous—
1.020 American Cotton Oil 434 :
American Cotton Oil prefd S3 1 * |
I,OX> American Malting .13 |
American Malting prefd .66',;
American Smelting & Refining 40/2
l.fioo American Smelting & Ket!n prefd.. 90%
1.776 American Spirits 4 ;
American Spirits prefd 30*; !
S.7M American Steel Hoop 40% I
2. 600 American Steel Hoop prefd v ' : i j
1.700 American Steel A Wire 56% |
1.200 American Steel & Wire prefd 99
3/iSO American Tin Plate 40*;
420 American Tin Plate prefd t 7'i
11,370 American Tobacco 127 " ,
American Tobacco prefd 14.'.
J. 060 Anaconda Mining Co 55
25 ?65 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 104
X.165 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55%
5.300 Continental Tobacco 45 l ;
3.67". Continental Tobacco prefd :••': ■-
10.750 Federal Steel 60%
1,400 Federal Steel prefd Sl'i
200 General Electric 122%
200 Glucose Sugar CM,
Glucose Sugar prefd 10.">
1,000 International Paper 30! i '
20.000 International Paper prefd 764 i
800 Laclede Gas 65% |
National Biscuit 46'; !
National Biscuit prefd 9?>A j
200 National Lead 314
National Lead prefd 1104 '
2,190 National Steel 544
1.657 National Steel prefd 97
100 New York Air Brake 161
5,720 North American V" !
3.4.-.0 Pacific Coast 47% :
'Pacific Coast Ist prefd ,M <
1.000 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 654 j
4.700 Pacific Mail 43
4,100 People's Gas 118%
700 Pressed Steel Car 58
1,200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 90 I
520 Pullman Palace Car lw
100 Standard Rope & Twine g ,
15.350 Sugar 1664
250 Sugar preM 119 1
19,285 Tennessee Coal & Iron 11; I
15.320 Tnited States Leather 104
1.200 United States Leather nrefd ;:,<]
220 United States Rubber 494
100 United States Rubber prefd 11.V-.;
100 Western Union iS%
13.870 Republic Steel 29% |
4.064 Republic Steel prefd ; o y;
477, shares sold. •
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 2-< reg 1004 ! TV. 4g 94%
Do 3s rfg 1084 N V C lets 112
Do 3s coup 108% .1 C gen 5s 120
Do new 4s reg....1304 N Car fix 128
Do new 4s coup.. Do 4s 1044
Do old 4* reg 111% N Pac Ist* 113
Do old 4i< coup... 113 ; Do 3s 87
Do 5s reg Ill 1 * Do 4s 103%
Do 5s coup l!l' : N T C & St L 45..10S
Dist of Col 3.655.. .117 N A \V con 45.. 95%
Ala class A 109?; I Do gen 6s 183 !
Do class B 109 |Or Nay Ist? 113%
Do class C 103 . j no 4s 103 !
Atch gen 4s l"2'i Or Short Line 65. .129%
Do adj 4s 874 Do con f.s 11*
Can Bo 2ds 106 Reading gen 45.... 87%
Ches A Ohio 445.. r '<", n G W Ists... 98%
Do 5s ÜB4 3t L & I M C 55. ...113%
Chi & N con 75....145 St I- & S F G 65.. .124
Di S F deb 65.. .120 St Paul cons 174%
7hi Term 4s 984 St P C & P 15t5.. .121
D .<- R c, Ists 105 I Do 55...: 121
Do 4s 100»;;5o Railway 5s 109»;
B T V A O Ist? 1034 Stand R *T 65.... 87
Erie gen 4s 72 : 2 Venn new set 35... 9."i
(•• W A D C lsts... 7ft", l>x A Pac 15t5.. ..1154
Hen Elec 5a 116 Do 2ds 64
T. H A S A 6s 108 D Pacific 4s 105%
Do 2ds 108 iWabash lsts 11."
H&T Cas 11l 1 Do 2ds 1004
Do con 0s 11l West Shore 4s 112* 4
towa Cent Ist" 116 Wls Central Ist*... 7^i;
X c C & G Ists... 72 Va Centuries 874
La new con 4s 106 Do deferred 5
i L A N unl 4s 100 '■" & S 4s S6>4
; M X & T 2ds 71%!
MINING STOCKS.
' -hollar 35 Ontario 7 00
Crown Point 2it Ophir lOS
Con «.'al & Va 1 70 Plymouth 11
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 2 00
Sould & Curry SO j Do preferred 800 i
Hale & Norcross... SO Sierra Nevada 73 |
Elomestake 65 00 1 standard 2,05
Iron Silver 51 Onion Con ¥> i
Mexican 47 Yellow Jacket 28
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . West End 95
"all loans 4®4%l Do prefd 113
Time loan* 4@5 Westlnghs Elec 49
Stocks— Do prefd 6SVi
Atch T& St F.... 21V4 Bonds-
Do prerd 64> 2 Atchison 4s 100
Amer Sag ex d1v. .152 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 119 Adventure 9
Bell Tele 360 Allouez Mln Co 7
Boston & A1bany. ..266 Atlantic 30
Boston Ele 1094 Boston & Mont 340
Boston & Maine... l 99 Butte A Boston... fi'i
Chi B & Q 134% 3 & Hecla. ex d1v..807
Fltchbursr prefd.... 119 Vi Centennial 35
Sen Electric 1224 Franklin 194
- ■■ , > . - - ■■. ■' ■■
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1899.
Federal Steel SOU Humboldt 2%
Do prefd M'« Osceola 68%
Mexican «>nt LSVt Parrot 50
Mich Tele 100 3uincy 156
~>ld Colony 208 31 Fe Copper 14
Old Dominion 3314 j Tamarack 220
Rubber 45 Winona 18%
Union Pacific 46>i Wolverines 46
Union Land 6H 1 Utah 3SM:
London Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. B.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were about stagnant to-day
awaiting the decision of the Cabinet on the
question of the war with the Transvaal Repub
lic. The opinion was much divided and busi
ness was most meatPr. A slight rally came
late In th<> day on the bear covering before the
holiday consols were closed down.
Americans began flat under parity, but there
was little buying in the early afternoon. New
York followed cult, and the close was quiet at
the test Spanish fours were :■■•'■>■ Tintos, 45%,
Anacondas. ll l i.
The bank b tight £63,000 cold In bars and
£600.000 was tnken for the Cape, especially for
a war fund, following the dispatch of £400,000
August 11 The banks are avoiding discounts
in view of war possibilities.
CLOSING.
I^ONDOX. Sept. S.— Canadian Pacific. 95%:
Union Pacific preferred, 82>i: Northern Pacific
preferred. 78H; Atchlson, 21%: Grand Trunk,
S; Anaconda. 11%; money. l-\@2 per cent.
The Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. Money on call, firm,
at 2.JT6 per cent; last loan. 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4%@6 per cent. Sterling ex
change, easier, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 S6V <3A WA for demand and $4 S3'a>
4 S3Vi for sixty days; posted. rates. J4 8494 87%.
Commercial bills, $4 S2; silver certificates, 59t»
69% c: bar silver. s?c: Mexican dollars, (?•_•■
Government bonds, steady; state bonds, steady;
railroad bonds, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. B.— To-day's condition
of the treasury shows: Available cash balance.
t"Bn.9G7.see: cold reserve. 1253,055.400.
4 : ~f
i Bradstrcct's Financial Review.
« _ . *
NEW YORK. Sept. B.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: While by no
means a broad market, the speculation of the
past week has been of a very intfrestine: de-
BCriptl in. It was. as has been the case for
rel weeks, largely of a professional kind,
thouch the erratic performances of some of
the stocks, which have been subjected to
manipulation by bull pools, attracted a certaia
measure of public buying. Toward the end of
the week the market, in tact, has assumed an
rght appearance, and Inclined to give
way under the pressure Induced by a stiffening
In the rates for money and the more threaten
ing aspect in the Transvaal question abroad. In
tion it may be noted that
while London has increased its speculative
h ildings on American securities, there are not
believed t 1 be any very large amounts of such
holdings t 1 be thrown on our market in case of
ii 'ute trouble.
It Is held that the foreiKii markets have been
warned so lons ahead that should war super
. ■ • the London m iney market or
on prices there would be Blight. In spite, how
ever, of the situation bavins thus bt-en par
tially die unted, II has created nervousness
In International banking circles, and was re
ulative market here by an
sed unwillinsness to take any decided
position. The advance in the rate for call
money I :■■ ■• i ••: ceni seems to be the natural
: rptlon of money in
Ivity. Last Saturday's bank state
hecause it
showed a smaller decrease In the surplus re
serves thfin had been anticipated. The belief
Is however, that the banks have been steady
losers In cash this week, both to the treasury
and the Interior, and that to-day's bank state
ment may be a positively bad one. The rise in
call loan rates was accordingly a factor In pro
ducing the mod, -rate concessions that the list
generally exhibited the last two .lays. Not a
link- confidence was shown in the temper and
n. y of speculation, based on the fact thai
the crops are now safe and that general busi
ness Is In such a favorable and profitable con
dition. Above all. the "boom" in the iron In
dustry and the large profits which concerns
engaged In it are now ma.lune has stimulated
■ tive movement in securities ol that
£i«kh The features of the week were the
k s, uke Tennessee Coal.jcolo
rado Fuel . ' in " Bto»P- Thefrall
roal stock list was not as active as the ron
r . , but a (rood deal of strength
Wl s shown bj the VanderbUt and granger
Btadstrect's on Trade.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.- -Bradstreefa to-mor
row will say: Strength of staple prices, activity
i,. fall demand, large railroad earnings, re
ports of heavy lake traffic and of activity in
leading industries are the features, none of
them necessarily new. but still presenting
themselves In the trade situation this week.
Expansion in fall demand is perhaps most
notable at the leading Western and North
western markets, but advices from Eastern
markets furnish evidence that active inter
est is manifested at those centers. The price
situation is one of notable strength, the events
1 of. the week. in fact, having been to accen
tuate in many cases the advances shown dur
ing August. Cereals are generally higher and
' trading has been within rather narrow limits.
! the advance in wheat having been mainly due
to short coverings, induced by more bullish
' foreign cables and Increased export demand.
The hot weather In the West is responsible
for a further shading in exuberant estimates
of the corn crop and of the slight strengthen
ing in prices shown therein. The only changes
' in the iron and steel situation are in an up
i ward direction as to prices. Complaints of
behind hand supplies and scarcity of ma- j
terlal are still made. Work has in many in
stances notably In ship-building, been de- |
layed by backward deliveries of steel. Borne i
Improvement in the position of anthracite coal !
is reported and prices obtained at the East are i
claimed to be nearer the scale, while recent |
advances at the West are maintained. The
I production tor August was fully 12 per rent
I larger than In the same month a year ago
C.ood demand has evidently had the effect of
strengthening raw wool prices, which are firm j
I as a whole and slightly higher for the finer I
grades Crop damage reports have been again !
I the Important feature in cotton this week and
! prices are higher as a result In face of very
heavy receipts at most Southern points,
claimed to be due, however, to premature
ripening In some cases. Further strength is
! to I•■ noted In dairy products this week. Early
■ dry weather conditions still affect butter
' prices, while good foreign and home demand
has strengthened quotations in cheese. A con
i scpicuous exception to the strength displayed
i by most staples, however. Is found in coffee,
i which this week reached the lowest price ever
recorded, thus reflecting enormous stocks <~ 1
Brazilian grades and a possible heavy crop the j
current season. Wheat, including flour, ship- |
1 ments for the week aggregate 4.353,906 bushels,
against 3.618.444 bushels last ■ week, 3,200,208
bushels in the corresponding week of 189S,
5 461 08 bushels In 1897, 3,759,14 l bushels in \\:«\
and 1.810,039 bushels in LS9S.
Since July 1, this season, the exports of
wheat aggregate 37,476.246 bushels, against 32,
--793,800 bushels last year and 34,312,752 bushels
In 1897 98.
Business failures for the week number only
123 against 131 last week. 142 in this week a
year ago, 173 in 1897, 308 In ISSG and 213 in
1895.
Business failures in the Dominion of Canada
for the week number 21. against 26 last week, 17
in this week a year ago, 32 in 1597, 11 in 1R96
and 22 in 1895.
Dun's Review of Trade.
« _ — »
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— R. G. Dun & Co.s
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
The sky Is still cloudless and no disquiet-
Ing change has come during the week. In
spite of more warlike news about South Africa,
, the Bank Of England behaves as If the worst
possibly had been fully provided for. and this
country has no reason to fear trouble from
! that source unless English markets have so
■ ' overloaded as to need help. The marketing of,
I I domestic products, both form and manufac
tured, continues surprisingly large for the
season. The new possessions, taken together,
are returning In revenue already more than It
cost to .lean and govern them. The West
anil South still behave as if it would be im
pertinent for New York to offer money for
crop moving, and are still bidding for com
' mercial loans here. Failures are few, strikes
scarce and readily settled and the passage of
September 4 without pressure means reason
able safety for months ahead.
Cotton lias risen 3-16 c since annual reports,
regardless of these and owing to bad accounts
from Texas. The market for goods Is re
markably strong this Week and previous prices
are fully maintained.
After a sharp decline wheat has risen Vie
this week, with Atlantic exports 2,900,906 j
bushels. flour included. asainpt 2,326,100
bushels last year and Pacific exports 364 i 2J6
bushels, against 163.192 bushels last ynr.
Torn has also taken a start upward, rising
He, with exports of 3,051.669 bushels, against
2,431,085 bushels last year. So great demand
for both grains deserves notice, but so do
Western receipts, 5.495.697 bushels wheat,
apainst 6. 774. '11 l bushels last year, and of corn
5, '.<23. 447 bushels, against •4.2W,4",2 bushels last
year. There is no hesitancy in selling or in
shipping; with extraordinary foreign de
mands for the season farmers are sending for
ward at remarkable low prices extraordinary
quantities of grain.
Neither philosophical explanations of the rise
in iron anl steel, nor constant addition to the
numher of furnace** producing, checks the ad
vance, which has made Bessemer pig sell for
$2r; at Plttsburg, cray forge for $19 7f> there.
anthracite No. 1 for $3 00 at Phlledalphia and
local coke for 12160 at Chicago. With the
whole output of its furnaces sold ahead for
the year the valley association demand $23 6.'.
at Pittaburg on future contracts and Chicago
is selling mainly for delivery next year. Fin
ished products are advanced in some cases $5
per ton at a time without chocking the de
mand, as for sheets at Pittsburg. with plates
advanced $2 md wire nails $3 per ton.
Large enntracts even at these prices are re
ported, many running into next year, in Chi
cago and Pittsburg in bars, and in plates at
all points, with 3000 tons Western and lari;^
Eastern hrldgo contracts taken by works f"ur
to five months behind already and inquiry for
twenty-two mil"s of pipe in South Africa
pending.
Tin is str.-ing at 32Vic for spot, with 1256 tons
decrease in all visible supply. L,nke copper Is
ptf-ady at 18', 2 0, with heavy buying for elec
trical use. and lead is i,uiet at $» fiO.
Preparations for other woolen combinations
affect the market for goods somewhat, which is
nevertheless Btrong, although some irregularl
ti»s have developed in worsteds. The wool
market is much less active than of late, with
sal^s of only 9.225.200 pounds at the chief mar
kets, mostly Territory, and while prices are
still stlfT manufacturers are buying only for
immediate needs.
Quotations for the week are unchanged, but
holders are confidently looking for a large ad
vance to result from the London sales.
Failures for the first week in September have
been $715,560, against 51. 111. 593 last year: manu
facturing *212.r,\ against $224,Gf12 last year, and
trading $4«6,313, apalnst $7<J3.P91 last year.
Failures for the week have been 132 In the
United States, against 164 last year, and 30 in
Canada, against 16 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. B.— FLOUR-Receipts,
21,745 barrels; exports, 10,726 barrels; sales,
6300 barrels. Inactive and easy, but not quo
tably lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, 133,725 bushels; exports.
7770 bushels; sales, 1,600,000 bushels futures,
600,000 bushels spot; spot, easy; No. 2 red, 74% c
f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
79% c f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Du
luth, 81% c to arrive; No. 2, 73*»c elevator. Op
tions opened barely steady and unchanged, de
clining positively later in the day under heavy
Northwest receipts, lower cables, local unload
ing and small clearances. A short afternoon
rally occurred on better export reports and war
talk, but renewed Belling closed the market
weak at a partial Vie net decline; May, ~'.<< A <<i
79 9-lfic. closed 79V-C; Septe: ler, 73%®73*40,
closed 73% C; December, 76<4@76%C closed : : v
METALS— The market In general showed less
stability to-day, with tin and spelter quota
tions a shade lower under light selling pres
sure and a temporary withdrawal of buyers,
prompted by disappointing cables. The Metal
Exchange at the close called:
PIG IKON— Warrants unchanged at $16 50.
LAKE COPPER— quiet at $18 50. .
TlN— Steady with (32 05 bid and $32 25 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged at $4 60 bid and $4 62Vi
asked.
'SPELTER— Easier at $5 55 bid and $. . 66
asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is ?4 40 and for
copper $18 50.
HOPE Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
» ■!. Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged
to five points lower; sales, 6760 bags, including:
October. $4 35; December, $4 50; January, $4 SO;
March, Si 70®4 76; July. $4 <K"a-l 95; August. J.".
Spot Coffee— Rio dull and nominal; mild, dull
and barely steady.
SUGAR— Raw dull and nominal. Fair refin
ing, 3 7 »c; centrifugal, 96 test. 4 7-16 c; molasses
sugar. 3 11-16 c; refined, dull and barely steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2SOO packages: firm:
Western creamery. 17@22c; June creamery, i- ■/
21c: factory. 13@1T%i
Receipts, 6400 packages; firm; Western
candle extras at mark, 12fi 16c.
California Dried Fruits.
NEW YORK, Sept. B.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, Vie;
prime wire tray, 8%@8&c; choice. S»i@9; fancy,
94T9HC.
PRUNES 3%<3sc.
APRICOTS— Royal lie; Moorpark, 14@16c.
PEACHES— unpeeled, S'ffllc.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Sept. S.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal rities for the week end
ing September 8, with the percentage of in
crease and decrease, as compared with the
"Tiding week last year.
Percentair.'.
Cities mc. 1
New York $839,146,012 24.9
I;, si in 96,204.112 16. »
Chicago 117,389.244 80.0
Philadelphia 78,213,912 30.1
St. Louis 28,425,95* 8.1
Pittsburg 22,229.268 24.fi
i Baltimore 18.660.344 32.8
1 San Francisco 16,898.517 8.5
Cincinnati 11.718.589 18.0
Kansas City 12.681.264 20.9
X.-w Orleans 6.457.325 1T. 2
Minneapolis 5.C.1. 710 19.8
Detroit 6.971.717 24.7
and 8.528.944 24.fi
Louisville 7.268,012 30 0
Providence 4.682.900 20.2
Milwaukee 4,783.943 1..:.
St Paul 4,097,«97 12.2
Buffalo 4.309,384 14.4
Omaha 6.239.891 ■••• 8.2
Indianapolis 4.77!'.:U4 .... 5.0
Columbus 0hi0.... 5.845,500 24.6
Savannah 2,471,385 49.2
Denver 3,350,408 25.1
Hartford 2,196,794 12.6
Richmond 6.617,894 115.3
Memphis 1.419.113
'Washington 1.843,441
- 1.782.273 29.3
Ro hestei 1.716,15fi 18.1
N. '.'. Haven 2.4 1 :'~.572 72.2
Wi rcester 995,883 .... 12.0
Atlanta L 274.398 .... 14.1
Salt l-iko City 2.455.563 6.8
Springfield. Mas?.. 1,148,491 L.4
F. it Worth 1.142.620 .... lfi.7
Portland, Me 1,356.471
Portland. Or 1,686.943 12.9
St Joseph 3,110,972 2«. l
Los Angeles L.533.975 41.9
NTorf< ll< 1,043,343
Syracuse -,)'., 5.S
Dcs Moinea 1,266.204 S.I
Nashville ' ' 031 116
'■ Wilmington, Del... 776.888 35.9
Fall River 677,047 .... 3.S
S< 1 mton 919.097 2!'.0
Grand Raplda 770.000 .... 12.4
Augusta Qa 895.572 89.2
Lowell 362.785
Dayl m, O 925,399 29.0
Seattle 1,901.459 59.1
i 678.950 6.7
Spokane 1.595.194 88.0
Sioux City &r,3.72l vi.4
N*w Bedford 319.833 .... 43.4
KnoxvlUe, T.nn... 572.562
I Topekn 572,348 20.6
Birmingham r.74."2:> 60.3 ..».
! Wichita 409,079 V;:
Binghamton 386,400 2C.9
Lexington Ky 354,061 .... 89.1
Jai ksonvllle. Fla... 188,748 .... 5.0
Knlamazoo 306,700 26.9
Akron 339.000 2". 2
Chattanooga 315,958 6.0
Rockford, 11! 231.1"? 45.0
cant, a, 0 257,300 74.8
Springfield, 0 242.0X7 42.3
Fargo, N. I' 306,474 25.9
SI--.IK Kill's. S. 11... 143.445 17.4
Bastings, Neb 127.: m 144.2
Fremont. Neb 132,578 33.3
Davenport .. 955,611 4.7 ....
Toledo 2.212. :;n 4'.<.4
Gal vest oti 7.0;i2,5n0 21.7
1 Houston 7.853,057 i:..s
S"oungstown, < > 263,161 '.< 6
Evansville 612,72« .... . ..
[Helena 5W1.92S 0.6
Macon, <ia 502,000 41.0 ....
Springfield, 111 494,057 21 *>
Little Rock . 301.4^9 41.8
Tota!-, V. 5... .81,370, 706,861 23.9
Total? outside New
V. Ik 531,560,849 22.6 ....
DOMINION <'F CANADA.
Montreal JU.856,972 .... 15 ?,
I Toronto 7,044,890 .... 2.11
I Winnlpeß 1,046,748 14. !• ....
Halifax 1,293.744 is. 2 ....
1 Hamilton 844 655 t;2 !>
ISt John, N. B 875,858 32.6
Vancouver B. C... 1,007,690
Vii toria 169,528 ."!
Totals J23.2fi1,360 .... 5.6
Chicago Grain Market.
! CHirwOO, Sept. R.-Heavy receipt? in the
I Northwest nitd Indifference of foreign buyers
I were influences nt the cpening in wheat which
caused an initial decline of 'iffSc and which
! resulted in a heavy market throughout the en
| tire session. Early Liverpool cables showed
about '/id decline and reported a very slack
cash demand there. Heavy receipts at Russian
P<>rtr were also reported and Argentine ship
ments were liberal. The fact that the Trann-
I vaal situation did not improve the foreign de-
I mand apiiarently brought traders back to the
old basis of supply and demand and the con
tinued large receipts at primary points and the
small cash demand here resulted in more or less
liquidation by longs in all the deterred futures.
September, however, was in good demand from
elevator people. At times there was brisk com
petition from that source, and prices were
steadily maintained. Shortly before noon a
more rosy aspect was given the gjtuation by re
ports of good engagements at New York ana
. d.v the more serious tone of Transvaal advices.
This resulted in a contraction of the selling
movement and induced some covering by shorts,
a slight rally in prices resulting, but by noon
the market had fallen back Into its old rut anil
the slight advantage was soon lost. The real
feature of trading was its extreme narrowness.
: Prices all day kept within half a cent range, |
: and trading was almost entirely professional.
i The market for quite long periods- was abso- j
: lutely at a standstill. Heaviness prevailed to
I the end. During the latter part of the session
about the only support the market received was
buying against puts, which were touched early
in the day. December opened %@%c lower at
Tl'.j'an-'Nio. declined to 71<g71 l ( c. reacted to 71%e
I and declined again to 71&@71%c, where it
closed; September closed unchanged at 70% c.
I Corn was weak and lower. The breaking 01
( the drought throughout the corn belt and cooler
weather helped the bears and brought consid
i erable long corn Into the market. December
closed %c lower.
! Oats acted independent of other grain mar
; kets. Some easiness was shown, but deferred
i futures were steady and in good demand. De
! cember closed a shade lower and September
lost %c.
Provisions were slow and weak. There was
steadiness early on the firm hug market and on
the continued cash demand, but later In the
session there was quite general realizing, and |
prices declined. October pork declined 15c, lard
7%c and ribs 6@7%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
[ Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 7n<4 70% 70>* 70%
December 71% 71'- 71 "I 1
: May 74% 744 ' 74 74%
I Corn No. 2 —
September 31% 31 T 4 31% 31% |
December 28% 28% 28% 28%
! May 29% 29% 29% 29%
! • Oats No. 2—
I September 21% 21% 21% 21M,
December 20% 20% 20% 20%
; May 22% 22% 21% 22%
Mess pork, per bbl —
I October 820 8 22% 8 07% 8 07%
December 830 8 324 8 17% S2O
January 9CO 9 62% 9 64) 960
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 5 324 5 32% 5 27% 5 27%
December 540 6 42% 535 5 37%
January 5 47% 550 545 545
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 5 32% 535 5 27% 530
January 5 02% 5 Of. 4 97% __s_os_
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
steady:. No. 3 spring wheat, 68@68%c; No. 2
red 72<572%c; No. 2 corn, 32% c; No. 2 oats, 21%
@22'.ic; No. 2 white, 23@24e; No. 3 white. 22%
<&23% c: No. 2 rye. 57c: No. 2 barley. 36@42c;
No. ! flaxseed, $1 14: prime timothy seed, $2 25:
! mess pork, per barrel, $7 20®S 10; lard, per
100 pounds, $5 20<f?5 36; short ribs sides (loose),
; $.". 15fi?5 55; dry salted shoulders (boxed).. 5%©
6%c; short clear sides (boxed), $5 65^5 70;
I whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
i $1 22.
I Articles— ~~ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13,000 7.'"
Wheat bushels M.OOO 57.000
Corn, bushels 526,000 567,000
I Oats, bushels 394.000 563,000
I Bye, bushels 9,000 1.000
Barley, bushels 27.000 35,000
■ On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
; market was firm. Creamery. 16@20c; dairy,
13@17c. Cheese, firm; 10%@11%c. Eggs, firm;
it.; 14% C.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening..... 5 9% 5 11% 6 IV,
Closing 5 9Vi 5 11*8 6 I*
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apr
Opening 19 55 20 »
Closing 19 55 20 6(
Flour
Opening 28 45 .i ~
Closing 26 50 27 3!
2- 4
California Fruit Sales.
i
NEW YORK, Sept. -Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Peaches—Sal
ways, 70c@fl 05 box; George's Late, 80c@?l 20;
Levi Cling. $1 06@l 20; Barton, Ssc@sl; Pic
quets. 80c Pears Bartletts, $1 35<f?2 30 box
and $1 half box; Garter, 25c half box; Buerre
' Clatrgeaus. (ISO box. Grapes— $1 50®
1 85 half crates. Fifteen cars of fruit sold to
day.
CHICAGO, Sept. Porter Bros. Company's
■ale* of California fruit: Grapes— Tokay, $1 10^
i 1 60 half crates;. Rose Peru, $1 40; Muscat, 85c
•-..•51 15 half crates. rears— liartlett, 9Oc@s2 25
box- Beurre Clairgeaus. $160; Seckele, 75®!
half boxes. Peaches— Salways, 90c@$l 05 box;
Crawford, $1. Plums— Kelsey, ■ .•■••'■i' half
crates. Prunes— Hungarian. 60c half crates.
Sixteen oars sold.
LONDON, Sept. Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit to-day: Pears—Bart
letts, 4Sc(gsl 56 half boxes; Duchess, % 1 56' half
1 box.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Sept. S.— CATTLE— There was too
little offering of cattle to-day to make much
of a market. Good prices prevailed and the
market was well cleaned up. Good to choice
cattle sold at $5 75@6 85, commoner grades at
$4 30@5 70; stockers and feeders brought $3ff
4 B0; bulls, cows and heifers. $2®6 40; Texas
; steers, |3 50@4 25; rangers, $3 50@6 35; calves,
$4@7 25.
HOGS— Prices for hogs were strong and fully
15c higher. There was a good demand and a
i light supply. Heavy hogs, $4 16@4 65; mixed
lots, $4 20@4 70; lights. $4 30@4 75; pigs, $3 00«
4 50: culls." $2€ 110.
SHEEP— Receipts of sheep and lambs were
large for Friday, and prices were somewhat
easier for lambs. Sheep, i.a" tor inferior to
$i'« 450 for prime yearlings; Western rangers,
.-.; ."' ' M 25; lambs, $3 Bo@6 30.
Receipts Cattle, 1600; hogs, 15,000; sheep,
10,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. S.— Clearances, $267,
--]":>; balances, $33.^24.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
FOnTT-AXD. Sort- 8.- There was nn rt .-t-r
j feeling in the European wheat markets to-day
and the East was not showing much strength.
: Under these circumstances, together with
brighter reports where harvesting will be again
under way, buyers were more Indlffi rent alv.ut
' paying much of a premium over export values,
although prices wer* hardly quotably lower.
Fri inht-s continue firm and Inactive. Walla
Walla, 58c; Val!>'\ 60@61c; Rluestern, 62c
WASHINGTON.
| TACOHA, Sept- s A steady condition nt
; prices prevails In the local wheat market Cluh
: r.v; Bluestem, 61c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Bept. 8.- Consols. 104 o_ifi ; silver,
27 3-16 d; French rentes, lOOf 62 1 2 t"; wheat car
goes off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on
passage, buyers indifferent operators; English
country markets, part dearer.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 8. Wheat, firm: No. 1
Standard California. 61% d; wheat In Paris
Bteady; flour in Paris, steady; French country
markets. Bteady; weather in England fine
C< iTT( >N Uolands, 3 1 L6d
<■[.< »SINO.
WHEAT— Steady. SDOt— No. 2 red Western
winter. Be 9Mrd; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s Id.
Futures— Steady; September, . :' 4 ! Decem
ber. 5e ll%d; March, 6s l%d.
CORN Firm. Spot American mixed new, 3s
Bd; old, .'is Bd. Futures Steady; September, 3s
4-..1: October, 3s S^d; November, 3s r.-vi.
Receipts of wheat ilurinz the pant three
days, 871,000 centals, including 237,000 Ameri
can; receipts of corn, 100,300 centals.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. CO' days — $4 83Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SoVi
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12' 2
Mexican Dollars 4S 4S-\
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT- being a legal holiday the
Troduce Exchange will remain closed and
' there will be no business in grain.
• The Flottbek takes for Cork 68,533 ctls, valued
at $70,200.
The market drags along without much
change. The demand for shipment is light.
Chicago, opened easy and' dull on bearish
•cables and large receipts in the Northwest.
General rains were reported. The downward
j tendency was soon checked by lower consols
and fears of war, which made . the bears cau
-1 tious. A large local trade developed. Argen
-1 tine shipments were 1, 100 J)00 bushels.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, fl 02Mjl 03%; milling,
$1 07«@l 10.
. CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December —
14 000 ctls, $1 10; 4000, $1 10%. I
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — 12,000
ctls $1 10%- 12.000, $1 10«; May- 30,000. $1 15%.
SJSEW^Sir^jW-, takes for
Intwero 7" L".' I .' oils, valued at $i5.3»4.
The market continues dull and unchanged.
?eed So@S3?4c; Brewing. 90©y5c; Chevalier,
° "'"CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Ses«ion-9:15 n 1 * cloc > t - Xo p " 1 ? le 4 » c .
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls. S4?sC,
•jWta? Morning Sesslon-December-4000 ctls,
Jir- Seller '99 . new-2000, 83% c. ctu. ■«*
Afternoon Session-December-4000 ctls. 84% C.
OATS- L Government order for 300 tons gives
additional strength to a lightly supplied mar
ket The demand is fair and prices rule firm
White $1 iv! 25; Red, $1 07%®l IS per ctl,
B CORN-Ealt s l rn- large Yellow. ?1 05; White
and mixed. $1 02>?!fZl 05 per ctl.
90®92%c per c *'-
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-California family extras. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras. *3 40@3 50: Oregon
and Washington. 13 40@3 50 per bbl for extra.
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $= 25@3 for super-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual' discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. %2 75: Rye i
Meal ' $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex- ,
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. 54 5004 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. 54«4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
>ats (barrels) $6 55@6 95; in sacks. $8 35@6 7o;
Pearl Key. $5; Split Peas. «1 50; Green Peas.
{5 per 100 lbs. ______
Hay and Feedstuff s.
A few minor changes in Hay will he ob
served. The market continues fairly steady,
with ample receipts. Straw is in light re
ceipt and firm at a small advance.
Feedstuff's show no change.
BRAN— SIS 60017 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $18918 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27©28; Jobbing.
$2S 50@29; Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Cornmeal.
23 f,0(f?24 50; Cracked Corn. $24{?25; Mixed Feed,
16@18 50: Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $6 BO'S? 50 for common to good
and $9®9 2". for choice: Wheat and Oat. $80 |
1 50; Oat. $6@7 50; Barley, $5@7; Island Barley,
?;.'.»:. 50; Alfalfa, $5 50@7 per ton; Compressed,
6 60@3.
STRAW— 3O@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing new in this market. The
demand continues slow.
BEANS— Bayos, Jl 70@l 80; Small White, $2 05
fi2 15; Large White, $1 60@l 75; Pinks, $2 15®
2 25; Reds, nominal; Bla'.keye. J4 15ig4 25: But
ters, nominal; Limas, $4 1004 15; Pea, $2 150
2 35: Red Kidneys, $2®2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2><>i73c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal; Flax, $1 90@2 10: Canary Seed,
2\st3c per 1b for California and 3 Vie for East
ern"; Alfalfa. BM>S9Vj.c; Rape. 3c; Hemp, 4@
4/.c: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— $1 25@1 50; Green, $1 SO
@2 Der ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Tomatoes and Corn are as plentiful and dull
as ever. The canners have not yet started in
on the former, and until they do the market
will probably drag.
There is no particular change In Potatoes
and Onions.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. 75090 c; Early
Rose 45<g65c; Burhanks, 75c@$l per ctl: Salinas
Burbanks, $1-51 25; Sweet Potatoes, 2@2MjC
per Ib.
ONIONS — 75{?S5c per ctl for Silverskins;
Pickle onions. F.0<375c Per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 3c per lb;
String Beans, ••■-'■■: Lima Beans. 2S2Vic: Cab
bage 50#60c: River" Tomatoes, 15025 c; Alameda
Tomatoes. 25® 30c: Egg Plant. 3 940 c; Green
Okra 30@40i per box: Garlic, -•;■'.■■: Green Pep
;•■:-.':" ■'! '■' •■ for Chili and 35@40c per box for
Bell": Carrots, 30T?40e per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
25<g35c; Pickles, $1 50@l 75 per ctl for No. 1 and
"sc" for No. 2: Rummer Squash. 25@8Sc; Marrow
fat Sc*iash, $10<fi 12 per ton: Green Com, 25@50c
per sack, Co@7sc per crate for Alameda and
25@40jc for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
More Eastern is in and the usual quantity
is announced for the beginning of next week.
The market continues dull all around, though
Turkeys are rather firmer.
Game Is in light receipt.
Another car of Eastern sold at $5 for Hens.
$7 for young Roosters, $5 for old Roosters, ?5
for Fryers and $3 50 for Broilers.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14© 15c for Hens: Young Turkey.".
16(glSc; Geese, per pair, $1 25®1 50: Goslings.
$1 SO'ai 75; Ducks. $3(f54 for old and $4^5 50
for young: Hens, $3 50<?f5: young Roosters.
$4 --,.- old Roosters. $4 25®4 50; Fryers. $3 50®
4: Broilers, $3@3 50 for large. $2 50@3 for small;
Pigeons. $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 75
<g2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 85c per dozen: Grouse. $7 50;
Sage Hens. jn®4: Mountain Quail, $3 50; Hare,
$1; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market continues weak and
quiet, with ample supplies.
There is no decline in Cheese, but the market
is top heavy.
Ekks are lower again and quiet at the de
cline. The demand is slack.
BUTTER—
Creamery- Fancy creamery, 25@26 l 4c; seconds.
21c
Dairy— Fancy, 22%'§23c; good to choice, 2"ir<
22c: store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 2(J4i2lc; firkin, 19@21c; creamery
tub, 21S'22c per I!'.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll@ll»4c; old, 10
<<!■ ■'....•: Your.g America, IKSHVic: Eastern. 14
®15c.
EGGS— at 21(ff25c for store and 27@30c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 22H'524c for
selected. 20<g21c for No. 1 and 17® 19c for sec
onds. •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Pomegranates are on the market at 50@70c
per box.
Ripe Pears are weaker, but choice gr?<?n are
scarce and firm.
Peaches and Plums are in light supply an 1
steady.
The Grape market is overstocked with all
kinds and dull.
There Is no particular change in Berries and
Melons.
A few Wine Grapes have arrived and are
held at $20 per ton, but buyers do not pur
chase at this figure.
Lemons are dull and lower. Limes are scarce
and hirher.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ,-'-"-.
Apples, 35@60c per box for common and 75c@
«1 for good to choice.
s BEKRIES Blackberries, $3 50®4 per chest;
Strawberries $6®7 per chest for small and
52 50@4 for large berries; Raspberries, $3@4 per
chest- HucklebcrriPs. -■'''■ per lb.
G rapes 25*/.3fio "' box ■''■'' rrate for Fon
taln'eli'enu 20®35c for black. 3*ffr.oc for Mus
cat ".'•'" "■"■' for Tokay, 7O_-75c for Seedless, 40®
50c'foi Cornichon and 7S@Bsc for Isabellas.
Watermelon?. ■>;■/:•" per 100
Cantaloupes. 50c@$1 per crate Nutmegs, 20®
' ]■."■ i Bartlett. $1 25@1 50 per box for No. 1
and r>'i. ';::■■ for No. 2; in bulk. $35@50 per ton.
Figs ■,::■ per box for double layers of
small black and 50@60c for large purple.
Peaches, 25®75c per box; in bulk, $2"^f35 per
tO piums, 25@50c per box and $20'Q'30 per ton;
Prunes. '40@€0o per crate.
Quinii'*. ■"■"."■■■ i" ■'■ box.
CITRUS FT'l'lTS— Ltnu'ns, JT<TI 75 for com
mon and »2(iJ2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes $D@s 50: California Limes, nominal;
Bananas, $1 '- "- 50 per bunch-; Pineapples, ji
@'l . 0 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
There is no further change to report in any
description. The market is quiet as a rule,
and In the case of Peaches and Prunes, dull.
The' leading kind In firmness is Apricots.
DRIED FRUITS (Now Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks. 5V4c for 40-50's, 114 c for 50-150*5, 4c for 60
--70* ii, i 1 .c" for 70-So's, 3®3%c for SO-90's and 2?;
ia>""ic for SO-100's; Apricots. 10-rTllc for Royals.
umSa for Moorparks and 12@12^c tor Blen
heims- Peaches, J*4_c tor Standards, 5«oHo
lor choice and GffCUe for fancy; peeled Peaches
10_11c Evaporated Apples. *'_• '•;.':■■; Sun-dried,
4it!fi:.vic per lb; Nectarines, W»Mc per lb:
Pears. 7©BC for quarters and S@loc for halves;
Klack' Figs, 3c.
P VISINS— 3%C for two-crown, 4%c for three
„ ,V. -\c for four-crown, 4U.-^c for Seedless
Sultanas ."V'c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes r&fslc
NUTS— Walnuts, s@Sc tor hardshell, lf,®l?c
for softshell; Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds.
,,.. i, u'--.- for paper shell. B@9<; for soft and
4®|c for hard shell: Peanuts. 5%©67; c for
tern; Brazil Nuts, BH@9c: Filberts, IK£
11V4C 1 Pecans. 7V4@3c; Cocoanuts. $4 50©5.
HONEY— Comb, ll^sc for bright and lOHe for
light amber; water white extracted. 7Hw7Hc;
light amber extracted. 6_®7c; dark. BHc
re UEESWAX— 24(g26c per lb.
Provisions.
Increasing firmness in Hams, Bacon and Lard
is noted, owing to advancing quotations in the
Western markets. Prices here land about the
Fame.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. S_C per lb for
heavy. . 'Ji??9\4c for light medium, lie for light.
12V4C for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13^c; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, Jl3 per bbl; extra
Prime Pork, $12 50: extra clear, $16 50; mess,
Sl=i.il r . 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at s' 2^o>ic per lb for
compound and 7c or pure: half barrels, pure.
T«.c- 10-lb tins, SUe: 5-lb tins, B%C.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers 10@10%c; medium, 9@9%c; light, 9c;
Cowhides. 9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
i,v-- \lrv Hides, sound. 16c ; culls -nd brands.
Me- dry KiP and Veal. 16c: dry Calf. it,
"he'eDskins. shearlings. 20®30c each; short
\Vnoi I 35<ffi60c each; medium. 70©90 c; long Wool.
9Oc0tl»lO each; Horse Hides, salt. $2@2 25 for
1-iret ind $1 25®1 50 for small; Colts. 23ffi50c.
TALLO^N'o 1 rendered, 4@4V4c per lb; No.
2 3<s?3V-c; refined. ; grease. 2@2%C.
WOOL — Spring Clips— San Joaquln an!
Southern 7 month?. SSllc: San Joaquin Foot
h?ll defective B@9c: Valley Oregon, 17@lSc;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@U%c
f °Fa f n ir cn°P^Sa^i Joaquin Lambs. 8@10c; do
plains. 7©Be; San Joaquin and Southern Moun-
U HOPS- 'xew are quoted at 12%@14c per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bag?, 7--: : . Wool
Bags. 26@2Sc; Fruit Bags. m-Jc. fiUo and Be
for the three grades of white and 7@7Vio 'or
bli a< bed jute.
COAL— Wellington, $R P r ton; New Welling
ton IS; Southfleld Wellington. J7 50; Seattle.
$6- Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $.v. Wallsend, $7 .".ft;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $9 50 In bulk and Sin 73
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Keg. $12;
Cannel* $S per ton: Rock Spril and CasMe
Gate. S7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14
n COFFEE— C. K. Bickford's circular sives the
receipts at this port thus far this ye-ir ;it
161.103 bags, against 123.000 for the same tim»
last year. The sales from rir?t hands were
130 043 bags against 91,581. The stock on hand
September 1 was 25.613 hags, against 31,453. The
world's visible supply September 1 was 7,860.000
bags, against 6.400,240. The circular says:
•"The active business noted in our iast re
view continues. It has been entirely lrv-al anil
all grades worth 10c and under have Fold heav
ily Costa Ricas are practically sold out and
only the least desirable chops remain. WasheO
Balvad< r~ have entirely passed into second
hands and considerable quantities have been
resold since between jobbers. Unwashed Sal
vaciors declined to 7c. at which price all of
ferings were rapidly taken and the stock tp
maining concentrated into the hands of two
holders. A renewed demand has steadied prices
for this description and some 2500 bags havp
since been sold at 7'ic. with further business
P "Low "grades of all kinds are always in de
mand and by reason of their scarcity continue
to command prices out of all proportion to the
better classes.
■•To-day's first hand stock consists of 2208
bags of Costa Rica, 1236 Nicaragua. S44S Salva
dor 11 615 Guatemala and 654 Mexican: in all
27,181 bags, as against 31,237 same time la?t
>e we quote: Costa Rica— l3V,!i?l6c for prim*
washed- U@l2MtC for good washed; 11%@15c for
good to prime washed peat* Siiigiie for
good to prime peaberry; S'S'llVjc for good to
prime- B^J9Vic nominal for good current mixe.i
with black beans: S«9c for fair: s%'S7c for
common to ordinary. Salvador '.'''; li : 2 '- for Rood
to prime washed: R^iS^c for fair washed; 94jffl
Hi..,- for good to prime washed peaberry ~\H
i\'c for good to prime semi-wash 7V2'SSU r '
for superior unwashed; 7' •,<: tor good green
unwashed; S»i*f«Vic for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; 5@6%c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— l4®l6&c for prime to fancy washed;
B@llc for fair to good washed: "\i'ii"^4,c nominal
for good to superior unwashed; < ''.:- I 4' nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guate
mala and Mexican— l2@ls%C for prime to fancy
washed: 9V4@Hc for good " strictly giod
washed: B@9c for fair washed: 7@7%c for me
dium- 4'3BVic for inferior to ordinary; l<VSinu.o
for good to prime washed peaberr; 8%@9%c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 7%@BVic
for good to superior unwashed.
RlCE— China mixed. $3 70f;3 73: China No. 1,
$4 190; extra do, $5®5 35; Hawaiian, |3®
5 7S: Japan, $4 12W3'4 75; Louisiana, $sig6.
SUGAR — Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crashed, S^c;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c;
Dry Granulated. 6c; Confectioners' A. sc: Call
! fornia A. — : Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C. 4 1 -..-;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, I-!'"'' more; half barrels,
V*c more; boxes. Vie more: 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 59ic; boxes.
6c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Mutton is slightly lower, with freer i fir
■ ings. Beef i.- unchanged. Hogs are easy at
the old quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7(?7?4c per lb for Steer:: and 6 : 2 / s7c for
Cows,
VEAL- 7@loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound.
LAMB— SffSVic per IK
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%@5T6c for small, fie for
medium and sM;?fs*gc for large: stock hr.gs and
Feeders, B%c; dressed Hogs. 7®B%c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 8.
S"lour. qr sks 24.718 Flaxseed. sks S<H)
Wheat, ctls 7,720 Sugar, sks 5.825
Barley ctls 14,»»!5ugar, bbls 143
Dats. ctls l.Vi , Lime, bbls 22«
Butter, ctls 209 Wine, gals 20.7:.1
! Cheese, ctls 53 ■ Leather, rolls 107
Tallow, ctls 20S Eggs, doz 8,370
Potatoes, sks 3,330 Pelts, bdls 3,95."
Dnions, sks 487 Hides, no 271
Bran, sks 650 Hay. tons 7-
Middlings, sks... 230 3traw, tons £0
OREGON.
Bran, sks 60l>|
Family Retail Market.
The tendency in Butter and Eggs in the
wholesale markets is toward lower prices, but
the retail quotations remain about the same.
Supplies of both have been rather larger of
late.
The Poultry market is kept well supplied by
the continued large arrivals from the East, an.l
prices accordingly keep low. Grouse and Moun
tain Quail are now in market, but they are be
yond the reach of the ordinary purse.
Fruits have passed their zenith for this sea
son, and Peaches, Plums and Bartlett Pears
are now in lighter supply. Grapes are the
leading fruit at the moment, and are in their
usual abundance.
There are still large quantities of Vegetables
on the market at the usual low prices. Toma
toes and Green Corn have been particularly
plentiful of late.
Salmon goes out of season to-day.
The following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ @10 00! Castle Gate... s9 00®
Wellington .. @10 00 1 South field
New Welling- I Wellington <8 950
ton @10 Coos 8ay.... — ii 7 to
Seattle SO"': 1
Dairy Produce, etc — ' ' •
Butter, fancy, per I Common Eggs — 25®—
square 50(iT60| Kancn 1 .---. per
do, per roll 45@50 dozen 30@35
do, good 45©— I Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal — 4j13 pound IC@ls
Cheese, Eastern.. \'(a 2o Do, extracted...— jflO
Cheese, Swiss 20Q25
Heats, per lb—
Bacon 12@17|Pork, fresh 15^20
Beef, choice 18«20|Pork, salt 125315
Do, good lCifi 15 1 Pork Chops . .. l.ifalS
Corned Beef — 10 ■ Round Steak 10#12
Ham, Cal ©IS Sirloin Steak 15C(?—
Do, Eastern... lTViifr— Porterhouse, do..2o'<rr>
Lard 12@13 Smoked Beef. i: r.'
Mutton 10@16 Pork Sausages.. 12'. C<f 20
Lamb 12@15l.Veal ■ 15@20
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50@GO Geese. each...sl 25©1 30
Youiuj Roosters. Pigeons, pair 404150
each 4CHg I 6O Rabbits, pair .... —&Vi
Old Roosters. (Hare, each 15Q20
each 40(fi solves, per doz $125
Fryers, each 4" r <i.'." Irouse, per pair 2 0(1
Broilers, each ...3i m : 'age Hens, pr pr. l <*'
Turkeys, per 1b..18®22 At Quail, pr doz.. 500
Ducks, each 50@tiol
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, lb 15<??20 ' Limes, per d0z... 10^12
Apples 4® Tears, per lb 4(S 5
Bananas, doz 20@25 Peaches, per 1b... 43" 5
Blackberries, per 'Plums, per lb 4^5
drawer 25©30 Raisins, lb 54/1'
Cantaloupes, ea.. 5©15 Raspberries, per
Nutmeg Melons.. s^lo drawer 20<S"
Figs, per lb 5?? 6 Strawberries, per
Grapes, per lb....4fffi drawer K®so
Huckleberries, lb. 6910 Walnuts, lb 12g15
Lemons, doz 154} -$ . Watermelons, ea.luij-o
Vegetables-
Artichokes, doz. ..2. r .Y7."O| Lentils. lb 6^i s
Beets, doz 12iii:i5 j Lettuce, doz — io< 3~
Beans, white, lb.. 4@ 5 Onions, Ib *«» *
Colored, lb 4® 5 Peppers, green, lbs® s
Lima, lb 6#— Potatoes, lb J»f J
Cabbage, each ... SJIIO Sweet Potatoes .. VOr-
Cauliflowers, each 5(510 Parsnips, doz... wg
■Celery, buncn s@— Radishes, dz bchs!i<«' r
Cucumbers. per Sage, doz bchs...*» f »*>
dozen lO@- String Beans, lo it a
Cress, doz bnchs.Z.iW.V. Summer Squasn,
Cgg Plant, per Ib 5® 8 per lb *<*»
Green Corn, per 'Thyme, lb *}%f
dozen 10«?25 Turnips, doz v i%}%
Green Okra, pr lb 4fl G Tomatoes, lb *& »
Jreen . Peas, 1b... 4@ 5
Fish, per lb— T>w_
Barracuda l.V,?— |Shad itS,
Carp ioSl2 Sea Bass «©—
Codfish 12(iM5 ! Smelts -%)'.
Flounders @12i Soles •• J-£ la
ialibut -3 Skates each —10®—
Kingflsh — «fl2!Tomcoil inS 13
Mackerel l.V.i- ' Clams. /^•.-.••I^.'SSSZn
do Horse -«?- ; no. hardshell. lg? r «®so
Perch ior(t\s. Crabs each ... ...lOffila
Pompano -ft- \Do softshell, d0z.20t03,,
Rockflsh ....:..... 15| Musels. qt.....^..i0m2
Salmon, smoked.. WO- Oysters. Cal, "»..40@50
Salmon, fresh ...-@-IDo. Eastern, d0z.20@40
Shrimps 8010
Continued on Page 13.INDIANS OF THE
ALASKAN COAST
ON THE WARPATH
Schooner Kate and
Anna Attacked.
REPULSED BY THE CREW
♦
GOOD. HARD FIGHTING FOR
HALF AN HOUR.
Hnd It Not Been for the Captain' 3
Presence of Mind Everybody
Aboard Would Have
Been Killed.
The well-known sealing schooner Kate
and Anna', which made a $10,000 catch in
the Santa Barbara Channel during the
early part of the season, reached port :
yesterday afternoon after a most excit
ing: cruise along the coast of Alaska. The
weather was so bad that there was only
q few days during the entire voyage that
a boat could be lowered. In consequence,
not a seal was taken and only one sea
otter was killed.
Near Icy Cape a band of Indians with
their war paint on attacked the schooner.
Tlfey were in their canoes and "armed |
to the teeth." The sails and topsails of
the Kate and Anna bear witness to the I
fusillade that the natives poured into her, :
and had it not been for the presence of
mind of Captain Anderson there might j
now be another sealing schooner "posted
as missing."
"We have had hard luck ever since we
left port on this cruise," said Captain
Anderson yesterday. "After doing so
well '.n the early part of the season we
all made sure that Dame Fortune was '
our friend, but the jade turned us down, j
We had the worst kind of luck. For
weeks at a time we never saw a seal
and when we did get a glimpse of them j
it was too rough to lower a boat.
'•Finally I gave it up in despair and
decided to run for San Francisco We
v ere then off Kodiak, on the mainland, '
ana I started down the coast, Just be- !
fore reaching Icy Cape the vessel was
becalmed, and that night I noticed a fire
burning on the beach. The next lay a
canoe with three Indians in it came "out
from the shore and boarded the schooner
They belonged to the Yakutat tribe and I
had their war paint on, lighting feathers i
in their hair and were armed to the |
teeth. Tho leader had a gun over his
shoulder, a pistol in his belt and another ;
in his hip pocket.
"I asked them what they wanted and
their leader asked me what I was doing j
there. He talked fairly good tinglis and
gave me to understand that he meant
business I told him that we were not
doing anything; but that we were on our
way to San Francisco, and were omy
awaiting a breeze to carry us homeward.
Then he wanted to know if we were otter ;
hunting, and again I told him we were
r.ot.
"The three Indians kept looking over
their shoulders toward the shore while
they were talking and I soon saw their
reason for so doing. Nine canoes were
being launched and each canoe contained
three armed Indians. There were four
teen of us all told on the schooner and
] signaled the hunters to get their rifles.
Had the Indians on the deck of the
schooner not waited for their companions
to embark, but ordered our hands up |
they would have had us at their mercy. I
As it was the hunters got their guns and j
I then ordered the Indians into their I
canoe. They at first refused, saying their !
companions, who were then racing toward i
us, had a present for me. The sight of !
a leveled Winchester made them enter th» '
canoe and at that moment the prayed-for I
breeze came along. It was very light, !
but it carried the vessel through the
[■water at a fair speed. |
"By this time the entire crew was j
armed and I had just time to order them ;
to lie down behind the bulwarks when j
the Indians in the canoes let fly a volley |
at us. Some, of the shots went through I
the sails, many of them lodged in the j
hull and one of them went through tho j
rook's galley and spoiled our only coffee
l>ot. We gave them a volley in return i
;»nd maybe there wasn't a scattering !
among that ftotilla. They were brave
though and at once returned to the at
tack and there was a fusillade there for ]
a time that would have passed for a
Filipino night attack. We tired over 200
rounds of ammunition and I don't know |
how many shots the Indians sent after I
us, but I'm certain there are a few
pounds of lead in the hull of the Kate
and Anna.
"The breeze began to freshen and
•"nallv we drew away from the canoes I
and 'the firing ceased. I don't know :
whether we killed any of the Indians or j
r.ot. I don't think we did. Anyhow it j
was a case of our lives or theirs.
There are several hunters on the Kate
and Anna who are credited with being
able to put a bullet into a seal's eye at •
one hundred yards. It therefore seems
more than probable that some of thos*
Indians were at least hit. However, no
tody aboard the schooner will admit that
he lied an Indian, so the matter rests
there The run down the coast was un
eventful after that and the Kate and
.Anna will now lie up for the winter.
Captain Anderson reports the other ■•
eels of the fleet with the following catch
of sea otter: Rattler, 6: Pearl, 13; Hun- ;
ter. 10; Olga, 8; Lydia, 3; Lettitia and St.
Paul, clean.
ORGANIZED LABOR DOINGS.
Oakland Hod-Carriers Strike Because
Non-Union Lathers Are Em
ployed.
Reports from various labor organiza
tions were received by the Building
Trades Council at Its meeting Thursday
the principal Hem of Importance being a
btrike in Oakland by the hodcarrlers, this
union having declined to carry material
on buildings where non-union lathers were
at work. A complaint was also received
from Business Agent Harry M. Saunders
of the Building Trades Council regard
ing Contractors Campbell & Pettus, who
have the Government work on Goat Isl
and and who have advertised broadcast
all over the State for bricklayers and
metal roofers. In the advertisement sent
out the wages were stated to be $3 DO for
bricklayers. whereas the men who
came to work only received S3, and out
of this U a week was deducted for board.
"With the metal roofers, who were sup
posed to set $3 a day, only ■*- 50 was paid
with the same deduction for board.
By pursuing this line of deceit, the
Building Trades Council claim, the city
Is being flooded with non-union mechan
ics, . ho have been brought here by false
representations of the contractors.
<*.. business of less importance was
disposed of by the council, among which
was the report that the delegates from
the marblecutters would be seated at
the next meeting. The paperhangers re
quested the aid of the organizing commit
tee to assist it in reorganizing : their union.
A letter of condolence was ordered sent
to the relatives of A. 11. Gibons of the
Painters' Union; who was killed yester
day at. Clay and Walnut streets. The
Painters' Union reported that the new
suale of wages was being accepted
throughout the city.
At a meeting of the Labor Com last
night a communication was received from
Secretary W. M. i" ■■ _■■ of the Building
Trades Council calling the attention of
the Labor Council to the fact thai, the
electric work on the Belgian King, a
transport, was being done by "scab"
workmen;
Quite a discussion •••.a* had regarding the
hours of labor which men are compelled
to observe in the Union Iron Work!',
but nothing definite was done. The Na
tive Sons came In for a gentle roast for.
their attitude in engaging non-union mu
sicians for their parade last night. The
day which the natives love to celebrate
was sarcastically termed "scab day, fol
lowing on Labor day." '. 
The Council declined to amend its con
stitution in regard to delegated who re
ceive nominations- from political parties
holding delegates' seats In the Council.
_. ♦ »
Seeing Is believing. "Keith's"; for hats.*
THE AUDITOR
SCORES THE
DOLLAR LIMIT
Says Tax Levy Should
Be Increased.
PHELAN HELD RESPONSIBLE
— ♦— —
FORCED SUPERVISORS INTO
ANTE-ELECTION PLEDGE.
He Is Alarmed at the Prospect of Not
Having Sufficient Funds to Run
the Municipal Gov
ernment.
Auditor Wells expressed himself yester
day as alarmed at the prospect of n r
having money to run the city government
in the Immediate future, and is :■
that the tax levy, as already fixed by the
Barkentine Willie R. Hume Chartered by the Government.
Supervisors, will not be Increased. He
states that the Supervis
hold Mayor Phelan responsible for the
• ■ of affairs ntw • sistlng owing to
of funds. They argue that
every platform where Mr. Phelan spok<
In the last political campaign it was pro
claimed that the
run on th*. dollar limit Being Inexperl
• : h the city's needs, they accepted
t of Mr. Phelan and pi
themselves -ly.
"Toe ' s 'h of the present month," says
Mr. V\ which
the tax levj i ered. J h( ar of no
Intention on the part oi the Supervisors
ti disturb their estimate made on August
7th. and my last hope that tl
is now gone, by the fact that Super
visor < ollins, who was >■ n the
proposition, has just
etogo to thi I 3 ■
"Th. Supervisors argui I I the 1 is:
cal campaign they were not exp?"i
--! in the nee. is of the city govern
ment, but that it was proclaimed tron:
every platform whet' Mr. Phelan sp>-k>
that the city governm< nt i ould and
should !)•■ run I I : limit. A(
ing the judgment of the Mayor, who was
experienced in the city government, they
dvi not ■ mselves to
the dollar limit. Therefore the cry Is
'Dollar limit though the heavene should
fall; and this notwith tandlng i
obligation of their oath of office to 'faHh
f,;iy discharge the .
Supervisor In and for the City and C lunty
ci' ban Francisco.'
"Should they persist in this stand. I
k:t< w cf no relief. Even Impeachment pro
i.cs would not chani ■ tax levy,
j r ■■ .. Board of Supi rvisors ol
county must on the third Monday In 3
terabtr lix the rate of county taxes.
•'That all may anticipate results undor
the present tax levy I will call attention to
Apartment— the School Department.
The School Fund Is restricted to *91,<Vi
p. r mur.th. I'nder the Teachers' A
I -'.''.i 1 am required to
teachers' salaries each month, i-
58260 per month for all oth<>r purposes.
Twice this amount is already held up
for bills of July and August in addition
t., ;., veral thousand dollars in June ol
the last fiscal year, with no money with
v l.i. h to p-ij them. It Is not prot>abl<
that thip condition of things can last v< <y
long, for the coal dealers will refuse coal.
Th- Ga« Company and the Water Com
pany will cut off Ber vice, nobody will fur
nish supplies, .and even the Board of Ed
. n will not continue to make them
j personally liable by ordering things
with no money to pay for them.
"I have suggested that thi Mayor and
the Finance Committee ■ ird of
rvisors come to my office, wh< re we
have the data In compact form of each
department running back for several
years and by the aid of this to revise the
estimate, suited to present i
p.ut from this suggestion I hear nothing.
which makes me rear that nothing will
be done."
MECHANICS' FAIR.
-Battle of Gettysburg" Rendered
With Military Accompaniment.
Baby Show.
A large crowd attended the Mechanics'
Fair yesterday. During the day the Ever
ett, Columbia and Burnett Grammar
Schools were represented. In the even
ing the children of the Franklin Gram
mar School were present, and sang the
national anthem. The feature of the
evening was the rendering ot "The Battle
of Gettysburg" by the band, under the
direction of George W. Bennett. Com
pany C cf the North Dakota Regiment
added realism to the musical description
of the battle by firing blank cartridges.
There will be a baby show this after
noon^ Eight prizes will be distributed,
four for girls and four for boys. The
musical programme In the afternoon and
evening will be as follows:
AFTERNOON.
Overture "Ludovlc" (HerroW); Swedish
Weddln* ' March (Soderman); selection.
•Mikado" (Sullivan); waltz. "On the
Beautiful Rhine" (Keler Bel a); selection,
"Lombard!" (Verdi): intermission; Baby Polka,
".Sounds from Home" iPuerner): solo for cor
net Miss Alice Raymond; selection. "Bo
hemian Girl" (Balfe); "Awakening of the
Lion" (Dei Kontski); sketch, "Freaks or
blackvllle" (Dalby).
EVENING.
Overture, "Roman Carnival" (Berlioz);
[ tanta "Air 'in Ballet" (Sired); selection.
■I 'aviilieria nuotlcana" (Musca^nii. (a) "Loin
lv Bal" (OiHet). (b) "Pizzicato Polka"
rVrausß) "Hunt In the Forest" (Voelker).
Synopsis-Dawn of day. Chimes In the dis
tance Assembly. Start for the Black For
•at The smith. Drinking song. The return,
fhey scent K^rne. The chase. Finale.
Paraphrase. "Loreley" (Nesvadba); solo for
-nrnftt Miss Alice Raymond; "Reminiscences
ft All Nations" (Godfrey); selection, "Clor-
Indy" (Marlon); sailors' chorus from "Flying
Dutchman" (Wagner).
Ivy Chapter.
Next Tuesday eveninK Ivy Chapter of
the Order of tin- Eastern Star will Kive an
entertainment and dance in Qolden Gate
(iall This chapter Jias always been a
pader in tie soda! function at the oni^r,
md on this occasion it promises an even
ha of much enjoyment.
HIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1599.
UNCLE SAM WILL
SHIP LUMBER TO
THE PHILIPPINES
Barkentine Willie R.
Hume Chartered.
NEW LINE OF BIG STEAMERS
TO RUN BETWEEN NEW YORK,
HONOLULU AND HERE.
Small Steamer to Arrive From Val
paraiso for Repairs — Chinese in
Pickle on the Bark J. D.
Peters.
Uncle Sam la now engaging sailing v«s
--! pels t6 carry lumber to Manila. The cam
paign thai is to be inaugurated as soon
! a? the troops reach Manila will result In
permanent improvements and lum-
ber will be reauired in the work. In mn
the four-masted barkentlne
Willie R. Hume which has just returned
b, will go to Port < ram
ble and there i^-d lumber for the Philip-
J. Jansen, owner of the Lev! '!.
1 latherer, I ',. B. Kenney and
3els, had the contract to supply
tuff and i<"t having a suitable craft
;..- purchased the barkentlne from
Brothers. It Is understood that
several other nailing vessels will carry
lumber to Manila.
The little • Ighty-one-ton steamer Maule
of the Compana Stj.l Americana de Va
porea inn- is on her wax- here from Val
paraiso for an overhauling. M. Miardi,
<■•:. of U/.'- directors of the company, .la I
now in Pan Francisco awaiting th>- ar
rival of the Maule ami at the Bame time
purchase one or two other yes-
Hia concern pwna over twenty
era, some of them being fine 2000
s, the Maule being the smallest
of the fleet. Th< company's st.-amers run
between Valparaiso and Central Ameri
can i l ' rts, connecting with the Pacific
Mail at Panama, but it is understood that
if inducemi tits offer M. Miardi is willing
.-'.(i. Francisco to make ar
rangements to run steamers to this port
The lark J. D. Peters, which arrived
from Port Clarence, via Chignik Hay.
Thursday night, landed her Chinese^ pas
•- yesterday. During the voyage
two of the i lies died and their cor
ns Insisted upon their bodies being
brought to San Francisco in order that
the bones of the departed might he sent
to <'hina. A very strong pickle was made.
Then each body was placed in a cask and
the pickle poured over it. The cask was
then headed up and the corpse was pre
served until port was reached.
While the Peters was in Port Clarence
the steam whaler Thrasher left for the
:■■'.. The Grampus and Baelena
i port and the Narwhal had one
whale.
three suamers for the New York-
Honolulu-San Francisco trade arc to be
In May next. The Californian is
build!) g at the I'riion Iron Works and
the American .Did Hawaiian at Roach's
yards, on the Delaware. They will be
4i."i feet long, ■">! feet beam and 31 feel 9
inches deep. Tiny will steam im, knots
an hour; will have a bunker capacity of
!:,"•' tons, and will carry 8250 tons dead
v Williams, Dlmond & Co. will be
0 of the line.
Everythini will be closed on the water
fi •■ to-day. The only ships that will.
work will be the transports and repair l
work only will be done on them.
The transport Columbia sailed for Ma
nila last night on her maiden trip. She
took away about 7"" men and expects to \
make the run down in twenty-eight days.
HALF-INTEREST SWINDLERS
John Dyer Parts With His Money for
a Share in Land in Arkansas.
John Dyer, 246 Third street, swore to a
laint in .Tu'iL->' Conlan'a court yesier?
Cor the arrest of John Kelliher, Mary
Kelliher and Henry Weincr on the charge
oi ibtalning money by false pretenses.
Kelliher and Weiner were arrested yester
ria> afternoon.
Dyer mci Weiner about a year mxn and
was Introduced to Kelliher and his wife.
They represented that they owned 521
of land in Lawrence County, Ar
kansas, which brought in an annual In
come of $200, ;in'l on that representation
I .- T >;,i,] them $220, and handed over to
them a K"ld watch worth $75 for an ln
terest In the lands.
>r lias discovered that neither the
K< lllhers nor Weiner had any Interest
ver in the lands, and that he had
swindled. Weiner Is an old hand at
tlic business.
. ■». ■
Sudden Death of Dr. Aborn.
Dr. Edward S. Aborn, an advertising
physician of considerable note, expired
suddenly in his office yesterday morn
ing nf heart dis';is.-. of which he had I>* en
complaining for some time. The case was
reported to the Coroner, and Coroner
Hill, through professional courtesy, al
lowed i!.' body tn remain at 664 Gutter
s;;.';, the residence of the deceased.
. ♦ .
Young Ladies' Institute.
On the evening of the 2Rth inst. a mu
sical and literary entertainment will be
given in Metropolitan Hall under the aus
pices of tti" branches of this city and nf
Oakland of the 7oung Ladies 1 institute.
The committee has secured some of the
!;p]mt obtainable, and It promises a
first -class programme in every respect.
■ ♦ ■
McKenna Died of His Injuries.
Bugene McKenna, the coal dealer at 1024
Claj street, who attempted suicide last
Thursday morning by hanging himself,
died at 6 o'clock yesterday morning in
St. Mary's Hospital from the effects of
his Injuries. He was a native of Ireland.
SB years old and loaves a widow and six
children.
Death of George Hageman.
George Hagoman, an old citizen, tiled
suddenly yesterday morning at his reai
dence. 724 Buph strpot. He was the part
ner of Captain Haquette in the saloon
business, but retired from active- partici
pation some timi- ago. The deceased was
64 years old and a native of Hanover.
Germany- He rose from the ranks to the
position of captain In the Civil War and
nettled in this city after the close of hos
tilities. He leaves a widow and a daugh
ter, the daughter being married to I>.
Westphall. Mr. Hageman waa a membei
of George H. Thomas Post, Grand Arm;.
Of the Republic.
REUNION AND PICNIC.
St. Rose's Parish and Sunday-School
to Hold Their Annual Outing
To-Day.
Sx. Rose's parish parochial and SunJaj
[a will ho! their ai • union
and picnic to-tlay at Shell Mound Park,
Berkeley. A good time ia promised
aU who attend. An excellent band will
discourse dance music, there will be
games of every kind for young and old
aiul valuable gate prizes. Over one hun
dred valuable prises have been collected
by th." various committees. :in«l t!n.-<?e will
be awarded to the winners in the vi
contests ami th b ling lucky num
bers. The band will leave the citj on the
g o cli ' k boat. Boata ;m<i i rains v
every half hour directly to the park. The
following committees havi ;• p :
charge:
Arnins^ments— A. J. Reavr-v. T M
Thomas C. Hounn, J.'hn I' Bui ll van, .1 >hn
Hlley David Kenney, Thi maa McXamara, C.
B. Rode, Henrj- Liebenberg l: H Hammer, D
a. Desmond, Wlllinm Collopy. Ja
John C. Byrne, Jamea Co«tello, Francl
■ . k, P. A. Mi ': wan, P.
Michael Dolan Jamei C .".. Qu : J ihn Pui
cell, Corueliua Daley, J. J. Cuslck, John
tiatran. P. A. Rurk<\ P. J. Kpppran, F. J
Meyers. 3 P. Broder, wmiHin R. Walsh, n
.1. Mahoney. T. F. Brown, N. Fltsgerald, T
.1 I! Iran, Ed* ard M-> ""lean.
Games -John S Gang P. Mlnehan, Charle
3 Parsons, P A fuilen, Thomas Palmer
Dennis Coleman, J hn Harrlgan, Peter Kelly
.1 inn Patten, Jaracn Feeney, William Ciuinn
John Harllman. .^nhn Cunningham, M. T
Hanlon, John Griffith, William Hunt, Ohurle
Breslin, J. J. Doyle, Thomas J. Cooper, \V
Conroy.
Prizes— Thomap Kane, M. H. jLnwler, Hugl
Toner. Frank Moran, W. A. Tully. Jame
Reavey, Peter O'Brien, \V. P. Oallagher, M
B fCavanaOgh.
Printing— W. H. Harrison, Charles E. Cut
i»-r. William A. Munroe, K. .1 . Cleary, E. O
Faulkner, John .T. I'unnlneham.
Grounds— J. A. Hoey, R. O. Qaynor, T J
McAullffe, O.rKf ("lntTpy, O-Mrßp S. Cleary
Peter Dunw irth, .lam' 1 ? A. ("unninpham.
Danr-inp M U O'Connor, P. Smith, M. w
MeKenna. E F Smlddy, John Healy, R. Me
Kay, Dennis Sullivan M. C. McGrath, K. s
Kelly. I>. McCarte, Fr.->nk Creen, Daniel rum
mings, Michael Dunleavy, B. P. Donovan
Timothy Murphy, William Quinn, W. C
JUBILEE SERVICES OF
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
The First Baptist Church of this city
was fifty years old on July 6 of this .- • v
j Owing to the absence of many members
I from the city at that time, the celebra
j tion of this event was postponed to Sep
tember 10 and 17. To-morrow both the
morning and evening services will he
commemorative of the Bemi-centennial an-
I nlversary of the church. On Friday even
. ing. the ir>th, there will be a Boclal re
union in the church parlors. The pro
gramme for to-morrow is as follows:
Ft (RENOON.
Organ prelude, doxology and invo
catim; anthem, choir; responsive read-
Ing and Gloria; prayer; response by
choir; announcements; offertory 'cello
solo, Mr. M. B. Wallack; hymn No
418; address. "Dr. o. c. Wheeler and
His Work," Dr. S. H. Wil'.oy; tenor
solo. Mr. WlUiams. with 'cello obll
gato; litters from former pastors;
anthem, choir; address. Rev. I>r.
Buckbee; hymn No. :*iv benediction.
IX THE EVENING.
Organ prelude, orchestra; selections,
reading Scripture. Dr. Hess, president
C. E. Society; anthem, choir; prayer;
response by choir; offertory, orches
tra; hymn, page :<9; "History of the
Sunday-school." W. B. Thompson; ad
dress, Prof. a. A. Macurda; hymn
page "6; "History of the C. E. Soci
ety." Miss Marion E. Smith; Utter
from Dr. «'lark. president Fritted So
ciety of Christian Endeavor; address
Prof. J. A. Wiles, president State C. |-:.'
Society: hymn, page 1": address. Presl
d. Nt T. <;. Brownson, D. D.. California
College; hymn, page 33; benediction.
EXTRA CLERKS.
Auditor Wells Will Employ Them to
Compute Taxes.
Auditor Wells will employ one hundred
additional clerks, commencing from the
19th of this month, to compute the taxes
i of the last fiscal year on the assessment
1 roll. Several weeks ago Mr. Wells pre
pared a list of clerks whom he desired to
■ employ. Before they were appointed, how
ever, they had to pass an examination in
; arithmetic and penmanship, and in this
! way only competent people have been em
ployed.
Seventy-five members of the force will
be men and the rest women. They will
be given three weeks' employment at $4 33
a day. The assessment roll fund will
probably be sufficient for the amount of
work to be done, and the Auditor states
that should the fund become exhausted
he will immediately Stop all work unless
; more money is provided by the Supervi
sors. , m
There is not enough office room in the
Auditor's quarters to accommodate the
i army of clerks who will begin their dv
' ties "on the 19th of this month, nlesa
the Supervisors provide room in the City
. all where the work can be done, Mr.
Wells Intends to rent quarters on the out
side.
Nettie R. Craven's Claim.
A demurrer to the petition filed by Mrs.
■ Nettie R. Craven askins that the decree
; of partial distribution heretofore made of
I properties of tin- estate of the late Janvs
1 G. Fair be set aside and vacated, was
partly heard by Judge Troutt yesterday.
; ft is "claimed by counsel for Mrs. Craven
that the decree of partial distribution
' should not have been made until the filing
' and settlement of the final account of th
i executors of the will, and that .Mrs. i 'ra
ven may now come in by virtue of her pe
tition and establish tieirship to the wid
ow's portion of the estate
On the other hand it is claimed that
; section 1664 of the Code of Civil Procedure
has been erroneously invoked by the j
claimant; that this section simply pro
vides the remedy for the establishment of ,
the status of heirs, and under its provi- '
slon action cannot be brought to deter- I
mine heirship. Further argument will be |
heard on the IStli inst. ]
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TOO GALLANT
TO DENY THAT
HE PROMISED
Miss Hattie Isaacs Is
Sure He Did.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. September 8.
Rudolph JYnnien will have to stan>l a
trial In the Superior Court fur break-
Ing his promises to Miss Hattie I-
He would not talu- the stand in his own
I- half and sw< ar that he had never urom
sed to marry his prosecutor.
Miss Isaacs made ■■< very good witness
for herself, and testified that Permian had
i very positively promised to make her his
i wife on several occasions. Many wit
nesses wee produced by the defense w!r>
■ ided in Bhowing thai Mist H
conduct was such on various occi
that there might easily be a mistake aa
Ito who had promised to marry her. Bvl
■ dently during the past twelve months the
prosecuting witness has enjoyed lif ( -
was a frequent attendant at dances and
balls, and on one occasion essayed a part
in an amateur cakewalk. in spite of all
this testimony and much more incidental
thereto. Miss Hattie could not be shaken
In her statement that she would never
have prosecuted Permien htfd he not
made a distinct promise to marry her.
The defense did not put Rudolph Per
mien on the stand. Had he not been so
gallant as not to desire to contradict the
lady's testimony his troubles might now
; have been ended. His witnesses did suc
ceed in attai kins some -what the reputa
tion of the young lady, but the < !
adduced no direct contradiction of the
testimony regarding tht promise.
Judge Smith briefly summed up the sit
• uation and said that the testimony before
the court alleging a promise to marry
was uncontradlctcd, and that therefore
the defendant must answer to the Su
perior Court for bis behavior.
POET'S TORRID WORDS
TO WOMAN SUFFRAGISTS
OAKLAND. Sept. B.— Mary Lambert,
the author of several clever poem: and
books, has undertaken the task of reply
ing to sonif ladies who have been publicly
• xpre&ding their admiration for the gen
t-rally accepted theories of woman suf
frage. Miss Lambert, who is as w< 11
known as any lady in Alameda County
In semi-public life, evidently has n<> pa
tience and much !e=s sympathy with wo
man suffrage, so-called. In her publi hed
statement she says that woman will till
the place sne is competent i" fill and
fitted to till just as surely as man will.
Miss Lambert's vitriolic philippic is »li
rected against the recently published
statement of Mrs. M. L. W. Curtis, a
State leader of the suffrage movement,
and it is the most forceful essay on the
subject ever printed in Alameda County.
"When woman has progressed beyond
the sphere s!i> j i~ In," Bays Miss Lambert,
"a broader .one will come. Let her stay
where she is needed and re.-isr to fritter
her time away on thiiu,"* that need her
not. Is she needed in politics? I think
not. Wiil she better politics? I believe
not. Dear Mrs. Curtis, why don't you
married women who know al! about hand
ling men just coax and wheedle this
precious gift from the dear fellows, just
as v<i coax your sealskins, new bonnets
anil jewels? Hut what of tin- ma: sless
females? Why don't you suffragists take
up this point? It is not ridiculous for a
man t.> do a woman's work, nor woman
a man's when such is necessary. Man
proves himself lit to be the governing
power because he doeß his own work well
an.! because "f the added burden that
woman's incompetency and negligence
puts upon him. "
.:■ ♦ .
Fell Fifteen Feet on His Head.
OAKLAND. Sept. S.— John ( allahan. a
laborer, residing at 722 Second street.
while employed at the coal bunkers of
J. P. Taylor & Co. at the foot of Franklin
street to-day, fill from a ship's beam
head foremost into the hold, his head
landing upon a lump of coal. He had
fallen about fifteen feet, and was ren
dered unconscious. He was carried to the
Receiving Hospital, and it was thought
that his skull was fractured and his neck
broken, but Dr. Dukes found his injuries
to consist of several deep and ugly gashes
on the scalp, for which he was treated.
He was later taken to his home.
HIGH DIVER HARMON
RETURNS TO HIS HOME
Harry Harmon, the world-renowned
high diver, is once more on his native
beatb and greeting old friends. While he
has been away from home he has added
fame to his came as being the most dar
ing swimmer of the world. High bridges
have been "peaches and cream" to Har
mon. He has dived from their heights
turning somersaults and risking his neck
for th>' edification of onlookers or for
monetary rewards.
\ week ago he startled the residents of
Ft Louis by jumping fr.>m the F.a.ls
bridge, a distance of ninety feet, without
divesting himself of his clothe?. His dive
on that occasion was witnessed by a ear
] iad ••:' passengers, many °i" whom were
nol aware of Harmon's Intention. Ac
cording to accounts the daring Californlan
avoided the bridge watchman and also a
police officer who was detailed to watch
H-irmon and prevent him from endanger
ing his life. Another feat accomplished
by Harmon was to dive off a bridge at
Winona, Minn., a distance of 12S feet from
r .,j| to the water. This is the worlds
record for high diving, and Harmon con
fidently believes that it will never be
eaualed by any one. He has also lumped
from twelve bridges In two weeks' time,
ell of them not less than ninety feet from
the wafer.
In making these dives Mr. Harmon uses
what he calls the "layout" somersault.
};,. poises for a moment on his dizzy
height with bis back to the water, and.
falling off makes a dead drop, and while
in midair makes a complete revolution,
striking the water feet first. He has been
engaged In the dangerous business for the
p a |, Tin... n years without accident.
H-un-on is accompanied to the cit> by
S Forest Seabury. another famous high
diver Both men' are to give exhibitions
at the Chutes, and as their work is of a
sensational character they should be great
drawing cards.
The Surplus Funds.
■•What shall the citizens committee do
with the surplus funds lefi in Its hands?"
is the last pertinent question anent the
reception of the California Volunteers.
The committee will have nearly $40,000
after it has settled every bill, and what
to do with this money is a problem more
serious than appears at first glance, it
has been contributed by everybody and
its' expenditure must please everybody,
so' the problem grows as the necessity for
its solution becomes move apparent.
There have been several suggestions,
but they have not so far exceeded the
dignity of suggestions. "The teachers
have use for It," comes from one side,
and "the lights on the City Hall tower
bbo" on the ferry building tower should
be kept up" comes from another. I here
are also a few who have viewed the re
cent celebration with tear-dimmed eyes;
mothers who might have had sons in the
lines of blue and brown; wives woo might
have had husbands; children who might
have had fathers, if only the bullets had
not sped so truly. They might have some
suggestions as to what might be done
with the money. Tt rests with the com
mittee however, and it is certain nothing
will be done about the matter until it is
evident the right thing has been decided
upon.
Hibernians to Picnic.
Division No. -. A. o. n.. win give its
thirty-first annual picnic to-day at Har
bor View Park in honor of Admission
day Extensive preparations have been
made by the committee of arrangements
to make this the most elaborate event of
the kind in the history of the order on
this coast. A larger number of gate and
game prizes will be given out than ever
before, all of which are valuable.
LEFT BIG ESTATE TO
WIDOW AND CHILDREN
Will of Late J. P. McCnbs Filed for
Probate — Other Ahmed^ County-
Probate Matters.
OAKLAND. Sept. S.— The will of J. P.
McCabe. the Contra Costa County
ranch( r. wl died In this city on thi
Instant, « : ■ .
the son. Roy L. Mi Cab< . aho - ■ an •
executor. The estati consists i £ 900 ... res
of land in Contra Cos known as
the "Doros ranch," i an
other half-s« i tion \a
der state oi ■ . am j >- ,
known as th< "Mi I i
at •7000, and sectii n S3, valued at $]
also Oakland realty. J11.4
mortgages, $18,000, : ■ pr ■.•,
. rty about J4000; total about Jll6 i The
will is dated August I. isj»9. and by its
terms one-hall • ■ .  ', tn<?
w Idow. Mai •- ■:: n t J. McCabi
half to i
the three children. Ro> !... l:
and i >esmond McCabe.
The will • • . Jweeney who di^d In
this city on August 30 last/was also filed
this aft< moon bj Attorm j B UcFi dden
nho Is named as cxci m r. By the terms
of the wiH dated August 21 lfflfl $125 i«i
bi queal hi d to Rev. I
tor of the Secred Heart parish f Oak
land; JSO ■■:' this toward the erectli n of
a new I 'atholic chun hi
massi s foi her soul I
the Altai Society; 1
O'Neill, 1100; Ellen, i sister, her wearing
. •■■ anl M. Sweeney, a son
$000, and to anothi r s >n, Fohn .1. 'sv.
all the residue ol the estate, valued at
$6000
Marie Rose L. Laseomb has petii
for letters on the estate of her husband
Eugene Laseomb, who died August it
last, leaving nal '- 1 -' I
which by the terms of the will,
July is. 1899, is bequeathed to the petition
ing widow.
EVANGELIST JEFFRIES
HAD TO "MOVE ALONG"'
OAKLAND, Sept. B.— Prizefighter Jef
fries' father, together with a band of
M-v.-n evangelists, r;.;i a gains; the .-•
arm of the law In Oak'ani last light,
when Jeffi 5 attempi
gospel within the Br< llmil
Hy:> :■■ called th« halt, when Evangelist
Jeffrii I thai had a permit
from the Mayor, [ta exhibition was de
manded, but Jeffries discovered, -Ju-r
funi! i - stly about bis pocket ;. thajt
it had been mislaid, and so he bad to
"move on." Jeffries remarked, as bis oc
tet moved beyond the fire limits, that he
did not wish fir any trouble-. "Jim doea
mosi of the fighting for this family," he
Bald, "and l am a man if peace. Come,
Is, let us move."
Took Her Clothes and Went.
OAKLAND, Sept. 8.- The doi
troubles of Mr. and Mrs. Al Turner
reached a climax yesterday when the
wife packed her goods and left the borne
provided for her on Per alt a street, near
Fifth. Mr. Turn' r, who is a s< alii g clerk
in the Southern Pacific Company's yards,
Is determined to bring her back. He nas
learned that his wife is in San Franicisco
and went thither himself late this after
noon in s< arch for her. Frii nda fearing
that the Irate husband might do his wife
violence notified the police authorities In
San Francisco.
Vote of Thanks to Carnegie.
OAKLAND, Sept. B.— At the meeting of
the Golden Gate Improvement Club last
nltrht a vott- of thanks was extended to
Andrew Carnegie for his offer of $50,000
fnr a library building. Among other mat
ters discu sed was th<> bond proposition,
the Bentlment prevailing that Oakland
should Issue at hast $2,000,000 for improve
ments. The City Council will by re
quested to put San Pablo avenue in bet
ter condition.
Unitarian Church Meeting
OAKLAND. Sept. B.— Next Sunday
afternoon there will be a meeting of the
members of the Unitarian Church to take
action on the resignation of Rev. J. U.
Bunderland. There is no doubt that the
resignation will be accepted. Provision
will be made for the pulpit temporarily
and an effort will be made to have Rev.
B. -Fay Mills preach for a few months.
. ♦ ■
Boat Capsized in tne Lake.
OAKLAND, Sept. x. -A party composed
of Miss JoEle Curtis, Misa Maud Good,
Albert Keyes and Charles Blaiteman,
while rowing on Laki Merritt last Mon
day evening, came to grief. Their boat
capsized and the Ladies were rescued by
thoir escorts, who proved themselves
heroes. No one was injured and the mat
ter had been kept a secret until to-day,
when it leaked out.
A WILD RUNAWAY
CAUSED A STAMPEDE
A horse attached to a covered wagon
belonging to John F. Snow & Co. dashed
down Market street yesterday afternoon
and caused a great deal of excitement
and some damage. Len Wiggins, th<
driver, left the horse standing outside a
store on Market Btreet, near Powell. The
horse became frightened and ran down
the main thoroughfare, gaining speed at
every bound. Pedestrians and drivers ol
vehicles were warned by the shouts ol
people on the sidewalk am! managed to
st.tr clear of th-- runaway. At Fourth
and Market street? Officer McNamara
made a valiant attempt to catch the
frightened animal, but it swerved and
continued down the street. When oppo-
Bite the Phelan building the swaying ve
hicle collided with a cart, breaking a hub
and spring. The collision did not In
the runaway, but turned it toward the
show windows of Nolan's shoestore. Th*
sidewalk was crowded at the time and
women and men ran screaming for p
of safety. Fortunately for the owners of
the shoestore the wheels of the vehicle
struck a heavy post at the curb, whirh
stopped its course.
The post was torn from its fastening
by the impact. But for Its presence the
horse would have crashed into the heavy
olateglass windows and done great dam
age and probably killed itself. A horse
attached to a buggy belonging to Mr.
Nolan was struck by the wagon as it
swung toward the sidewalk and brought
to its knees.
ANNUAL RETREAT OF
THE LADIES' SODALITY
The annual retreat of the Ladies bodfil
ity will begin to-morrow at 2:30 p. m. in
the students' chapel of St Ignatius Church
(entrance on Hayes street) and close on
Sunday morning, September 17. It will be
conducted by Rev. Father Caizla. 8. J.
The order of exercises will be as follows:
Morning exercises, in the Gentle
men's Sodality Chapel— 6 o'clock, mass;
6:::0, meditation. i"-"- ■_: .-/■/
, Evening exercises, in the Students
Chapel— 7:3o o'clock. Rosary, Litany of
the Sacred Heart; 7:45 o'clock, instruc
tion; S o'clock, hymn to the Holy
Ghost; meditation; 8:30 o'clock, bene
diction of the blessed sacrament.
Rev Father Culligan will preach to
morrow* at the 10:30 mass, and Rev. Father
Sasia will deliver the sermon in the even
ing after vespers, n
■ • •
Allec-ed Illegal Practitioner.
Mrs. K. (1-! Fontaine, a marrmi woman
residing at 1321 Natoma street, died > .-.-
ti relay morning after a brief iMnpss mdi
the care of Mrs. Achard, a midwife, and
the case whs reported to the Coroner.
3t was stated that the midwife ieun-
Edited Itrself as a physician and pro
scribed medicine for the patjenl: Mr:-.
del Fontaine was 26 years old. Coroner
Hill h:-.s reported the matter to the 0 .
lice, II being an offense against .1 .--.tatute
for a i• i .-■ ii not a physician tV> represent
himself as such.
■ » ■
I iN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, |
*■* The Largest Winery in ♦
America. 4
<s> *
MINNIE SMITH
WON VICTORY IN
DIVORCE COURT
Arlington's Nemesis
Is Now Free.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
9 8 Broadway, Sept. 8.
Justice has once more smiled upon Mrs.
Minnie M. Smith, the woman who dared
ite to successful conviction the
arch bunko* r and hypnotist. Arthur Ar
lington. To-day Superior Judge Ellsworth
'1 Mrs. Smith a divorce from Nor
man H. Smith, and the custody of the
minor child, over whom a most bitter
contest had been promised, was also
awarded to the plaintiff.
The divorce suit was riled several
19 ago, shortly after Mr?. Smith
had been robbed by Arlington, and at the
time a picture was published showing the
woman seated in Arlington's lap. The
husband lit came apprised of this rather
compromising incident and hastened West
from his home In Wisconsin to wage a
r legal battle over the divorce and
custody of the child. His threat was
backed by his sudden appearance In Oak
la!:, l one night, and he tarried several
. during which Arlington's trial on a
charge of robbing the wife was in prog-
No Booner had Arlington heen con
victed than Smith quietly returned Bast
and offered no further contest In the di
vorce suit, which was Drought on the
ground of extreme cruelty.
The case came up for trial before Judge
;:;isv. i . and tr< m the testimony
of Mrs. Smith and her sisi r, Mrs. Alice
s. Ibert, the defendant husband was made
out a prince of home tyrants.
"We were married In Duluth, Minn., in
1893," said Mrs. Smith on the witness
stand, "and for a year or so got along
nicely. We had enough to wear and fon.i
to eat, as I bad some money when I mar-
Smith. Later we moved to
Madii in, Wis. My baby was six months
old and the house for several weeks after
i arrived there had no roof and no win
dows in it. J had to beg water from a
a mile away. Then we got a cow
and chickens, i>u t my husband would
spoil the milk so we couldn't use it. and
with the eggs he would bombard the
house. He would cut holes in my cloth
ing so 1 had luit one dress, and finally he
drew a revolver, threatening to kill me
and the child. I fled to a neighbor's houEC
a mile away and tried to get a warrant
for hi • but was persuaded to re
turn to him.
"Lai r I went to live with my "ister at
Los Vi ■ ' - Boon he followed me th< n .
and on the daj before Christmas. isrK.
we had n-i food in the house nor a nickel
to buy any. A cooked dinner was sent
by his mother's cousin, and my husband
poured coal oil over the chicken, so we
couldn't eat it."
Then followed similar acts «>f cruelty
at Bh( IT Santa Monica, and fur
's of taking her life, and finally
the abused woman came to Oakland.
where she filed her suit.
Mrs. Seibert, plaintiffs sister, corrobo
r;.t»d her testimony in many particulars.
lid that Smith would teach his child
to swear while the mother was trying to
teach the baby to say its prayers.
Used His Fist With Effect.
OAKLAND. Sept. B.— William D. l-'helps.
an employe of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, created a Bcene in front of his
976 Cypress street, last night, by
thrashing W. O'Brien and a deputy con
stable named Young. It appears that
(i Brien's milk wagon had brushed
against Phelps' two-year-old child and
thu dairyman had stepped off his wagon.
picking up the child to ascertain if she
was Injured. Phelps rushed out of his
home and delivered to O'Brien several
stunning blows before he had time to ex
plain. Then the deputy constable inter
fered to prevent further trouble when
Phelps sailed Into him, giving him a
sound trouncing. Young proved no match
for Phelps and was unable to arrest him,
bat he will now swear "lit ; i warrant.
May Get Wealth and Title.
OAKI.AXr>, Sept. S.— George H. Vose
Jr.. a member of Company F. N. G. C,
has received a cablegram announcing that
he has been left an English estate valued
at $480,000, and possibly a title, by the
death in England of an earl who was a
blood relation. The cablegram read that
the bequest is payable within seven years.
Mr. Vose ha? written for more specific
details, and is now anxiously awaiting a
verification.
DEVOTION TO A MOTHER
CAUSES A GIRL'S DEATH
OAKLAND, Sept. S.— Two weeks of
work in a cannery in her efforts to help
Bupport her mother has resulted in the
untimely death of Mary Silva. the 14-year
old daughter of Mrs. M. Silva. residing at
the corner "r*f Second and Alice streets.
Just two weeks ago the girl, while peeling
fruit at a local cannery, cut one of her
fingers. It w;:s not attended to promptly.
and although Dr. Stratton did everything
in his power to save her lockjaw set in
to-day and the girl passed away thih
evening-.
SMASHED, ALL RECORDS.
Sensational Pacing by Giles Noyes,
Who Makes New State Mark.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Sept. B.— All Minne
sota pacing records were smashed to-day
at the State Fair grounds races by Giles
Noyes, who won the 2:07 pace for a purse
of $1000. He established a track record
and he went further and paced the three
fastest consecutive heats ever paced over
a State track. The track and State pac
ing record was held by Directly, who last
year at the State Fair paced a mile in
2:07. after which he went East and low
ered the world's pacing record. The time
to-day by quarters was :32%,1:04>4, 126V>.
The last quarter was made in :29, a 1:56
clip, and the last half was made in the
sensational time of 1:01. Results:
'-'"7 pace, best three in five-: purse $1000. of
which $500 went to the winner — Giles Noyes
won in straight heats. Time, 2:061;. 2:'"' l i
2:o7\i. Sally Toler second. Tom Ocden third.
Ananias fourth. No others.
2:IG trot, best three ij five: purse $1000. of
which 1800 went to the winner— Josephine I'i\
won in straight heats. Time. 2:11%, 2:1.V 4 ,
2:12 ! . a. Sarah S second. Aggie Medium third.
Jack D. Porter anil Thomas C also started.
1:36 i>ace, best three in five: purse $1000. of
which ?.'•"• went to the winner (unfinished)—
Dan Patchcn won second and fourth heats
Time, 2:!3>,i, 2:14V 4 . ma King won first and
third heats Time, 2:1214. 2:12%. Tom Dono
van. Waterloo Maid, Mollie O. Dunton Ohso,
Betting Wilkes. Naheol, Ella Range and Cox
swain also started.
The running race was a mile dash, in which
six horses were entered. Melody won. Sun
burst second. Frisco Ben third. Time, 1:47%.
■ ♦ ■
Services at Holy Cross Church.
There will be forty hours of devotion at
Huly Cross Church to-morrow, commenc
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Gounod's "Messe
Solenelle" will be sung by a double quar
tet and chorus of forty voices. At the
offertory Miss Klla V. McClosky and Miss
LiHie Roeder will render Riga's "O <'or a
Moris.' In the evening Steins musical
vespers will be rendered by the choir,
which is composed of the following sing
ers: Sopranos— Miss Gertrude Frost. Miss
I.illie Roeder. Miss Marie Vinohiurutte
; :..i Mrs. Wand. Altos— Miss Ella V.
McCloslcy, Madame Steffanl, Miss Lillie
Wilson and Miss Lilian Sullivan. Tenors—
rt Morrisey, Fista Boranda, Bert
Mullin and Walter Hay. Bassos— Mr.
Schwertfeger. Harry Smith and Bert
Georges. Organist and director, Harry
Wood Brown.
Illustrated Lecture.
To-night at 3 o'clock Dr. David Starr
Jordan will give his lecture on "The En
chanted Mesa of Aeoroa" at the Young
Men' 3 Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis streets. This will close the series
of popular SaiurcUiy night entertainments
at the associations Many of the views to
v n this evening are beautifully
colored and a = Dr. Jordan has person
ally visited that place, which is not a
trip often maile. -his lecture is sure to be
especially interesting and enjoyable. Open
to the Dublic at a small admission lam.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES- 827 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
itreet; open until 5:30 o'clock.
McAllister street; open until 9:30 o" clock.
815 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Miss! i rtreet; open until 10 o'clock.
:':<n Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
. street; open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Yaipncia street; op.^n until 9 o'clock.
N rthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky Btreeta; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. I€ . F. and A. •
M.— Officers and members are hereby ~J\-
notified to be present at the hall of \J[
this lodge TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) ' ▼
at 11 ■30 a. m. sharp, to proceed to Masonic
Temple, Twelfth and Broadway, Oakland
(by 12:30 boat) and there conduct funeral ser-
vices over the remains ■■' our deceased
brother PARLAX 11. CUNNINGHAM (P.
M.) By order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. «l M
I 0 O. F.— Patriarchal degree THIS V
(SATURDAY) EVENING by the /\
(Irar.d Encampment team. • X
W. E. DUBOIS, C. P.
KX^FLSIOR IVcrAo Lodge No. 2. ,oj__i*i_%.
I . O. '•> F.— i:i-:TUlar meeting :=Kp'SSS_£
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. -■*"*?SB^-Jr
First degree. * ""
A. K. KINGSFOKD, D. M.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
fall. 16 page?, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
M AGUIRE . & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
jvjlre (ex-Congressman* and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-853 Market St.: teL South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at lnw, S"0 Market, cor. Stocktn..
CI.ARA FOLT73. attorney at law, Crocker
b'.dg.; tel. Black 71; practices in all courts.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Bpreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free: no fees in advance.
1. K. PARKER. 916 Market St., room 67; advice
free: charge low. business pushed.
NAGLE <lt NAGLE. Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Bpreckels building. 927 Market st.
ADVlCE 'free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
CbII. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
ACCOUNTANTS.
E. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits _
• diusts Bcrounts for corporations iV firms; ref.
BOAKO AND ROOMS.
IJOT^iTIFaTr MOUNT— Strictly first-class; 1714
Market st., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
tuites without board, $1 per day: single rooms,
60c; special rates by month, also to tourists.
O'FARRELL, 605. cor. Leavenworth— Large
elegant sunny suites, with excellent board;
beautiful grounds; reasonable; reference*.
GEARY, 582 The Lono-n-orth; elegantly fur-
nished front suite, single rooms, excellent
board.
EDDY, 60?— Nicely furnished rooms and board;
private; gas; bath; running water; hot, cold.
HOTEL WILMOT, 728 Sutter— Handsomely
furnished sunny suites, with private bath.
MISSION, 1261 A —Room and board In private
family; new house; modern conveniences.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
ROOM and board cheap. 646 Howard st.
VAN NESS. Elegantly furnished rooms/
with excellent board; reasonable.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly ;
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the I
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postnep paid
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM and board In private family for lady ;
and two children, aped 7 and 9; convenient
to primary school; state terms. Address
box 2128. Call office. j
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— I or 1 children to board at 439 j
Minna st.
WANTED — to board; pay not so much i
object as company, large sunny yard, refer-
ences given If desired. Box 2115. Call.
WAN" Infant to board; $10 per month. 210
Lexington aye.
HOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
KCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission st.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$600— MANUFACTURING business; cash sales;
large profits. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO., 777 V*
Market^ st
$550— SALOON': best bargain In the city on ac-
count of sickness. Mclaughlin & CO.,
7774 Market st.
$390 — WOOD and coal yard: departure cause of
sale. Mclaughlin & CO.. ::: : 2 Market st. '
$22.V-RESTAI"RANT doing $20 business, seats j
50, four living rooms, roomers clear rent;
must be sold at once on account of sickness; .
investigate. JONES & CO., 563 Market st.
$400— RESTAURANT doing good business; full j
investigation given, or trade for lodging-house
and pay difference. EITEL, lOOBV2 Market st.
WILL Bell restaurant or take partner; business
crowding; receipts $40 day. ... 'ii. 935 Market.
PHILADELPHIA II use, opp. California Thea-
ter, 421 Bush st, cor. of Kearny — 4S rooms;
gas, water in every room; price $SOO.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 826 Wash-
ington st.
LADY wants working partner with some cash
in good paying business; security for cash in-
vested. M., 026>i I st., Paiyamento.
BUTCHER shop; good location; cash business;
sell or rent account sickness. Box 2122, Call.
RETAIL and wholesale wine business on Mar- j
ket St.; widely known and well advertised; '
stead growing bar and family trade; own-
er completely retiring from line of business; '
rare chance for active party. Communicate at i
nee v/ith D. E. N., box 3203, Call- office; no
agent*.
FOR SALE— Fruit and oyster stand; very
cheap. Inquire MeCLAIN'S, 1576 Market st.
WILL Invest a few thousand dollars in any
first-class paying business. Box 2430, Call.
PARTNER In a blacksmlthing and wagon-
making business. Address box 2127. Call.
$4CO— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
One location: good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business;
good location: proprietor sick; terms reason-
able; trial given. Address box 3225, Call.
FOR tale— Bakery and delicacy store. 2517
Sixteenth St., near Howard.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; 2 living-
rooms: want an offer. 80514 Filbert st,
A BARGAIN— Grocery and bar, cheap; Hvine
rooms. J. RAILS, 219 Eleventh st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. a swell & C0.'5.\412 Sacramento St. '
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms; all full-
north of Market. Box IS4I. Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route for gale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR gale— paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for '' per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ONE delivery wagon carrying one ton; top and
business road buggy, good as new. W. E.
SHAW, 1621 Market St.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts harness,
ftc. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING. ■
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4 3 Stevenson st.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., <02 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
"st.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatlngr Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 3" 1
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
) MRS. DR. CLARK,
1 the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
lire. While entranced she will reveal every
> hidden mystery: she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
[ arated: recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past present and future,
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
l guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
11)2314 Market, nr. 6th. Always consult the best.
MME, PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
, ' ladles, 50c; gents, $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk.
C STEERS, medium, 112-4 Oak St.; circles
I Tues. 8 p. m. Thurs., 2p. m. ; $25c; read-
" Ings $1.
T MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants. 1164 Mar-
y I ket. bet. 7th and Bth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
3 MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
1 ! past, present, future: 25c. 14$ Sixth st., r. 12.
1 GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading; 25c up. 5 7th.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
i life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
' I YOUR future told by cards, 25c; daily, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m.: Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin.
* MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
i MRS. C. J. MEYER. "^McAllister, tents dally ex-
: cept Wed.Sat. ; 2& S p.m.,locA;2.'.c sittings dally.
MME HA vena reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 2.'c up. 5 Fourth st.
• MME SYBILL.E, cradle to grave; future hus-
i ! band's picture, Be; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
. i A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
1 i GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
' less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES ;TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 5, 6 rooms: corner flat, 7 rms.;
1" bath, gas; cheap. 1576 loth St.. nr. Dolores.
" | $11— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms. 1626
; I Devlsadero Bt., near Sutter.
' ! $10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
1 free. 105 Collins St.. near Geary.
: COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; first-class condl-
- tin, gas: $16; large yard. SS24 Nineteenth st.
; COTTAGES FURNISHED.
' COTTAGE. 5 rooms; furnished complete for
'■ housekeeping: piano: $15. 32 Dearborn St..
' off Seventeenth, near Valencia.
> j — *-— ■■ —— -—--——————-■ -_-———-———— —-—-—---—-«
DENTISTS.
' ' A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
: or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; th« best and most artistic
: dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
i filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
\ from $4 50 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50
' up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
1 ' A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
■ I Bynol. on application to the gums, removes
; I the pain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner I
; and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20 .
' years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-!
I out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates, :
; full set, $5; all work painless nnd warranted.
I Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
■ ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth '
without plates our specialty; gold crowns. j
• : $3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex- !
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- i
ful secret method; crowns. $2: .bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 6 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market fit.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
laity; all work reasonable; gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. 11. Q.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
A WEEK'S news fnr 5 cents— The Weekly Call. j
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. !
! •__
! DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
I LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
1 1 at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping. business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineral igy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers: individual Instruction;
: graduates annually placed in positions;
students caji enter for any course any time;
n.i entrance examinations; new SO-page cata-
e free.
A NIGHT School for Men, Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
industrial course— Shorthand. typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
il drawing, German. Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
I latalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market Bt .short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, tel«srraphy. under ijualifipd teacher; low
rate's; life scholarship. $s'-; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory echool
foi the universities, law and medical colleges;
flay and evening courses; references, Pres.
.1. r.!a:: or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
y. .;. BARRETT, a leading court and general j
reporter igraduate of State Normal). Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery. ,
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system, sunny rooms; lnw rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, U'."<; Markt.
ENGINEERING . min-
ing, mech. survey. assay.archl. :day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 633 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of I
Leipslc; lessons, 75c. 820 Golden Gate aye.
SINGING piano; Paris grad,; French. Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 G. G. aye.. r. 6-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Mark-;, B. P., and 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day nni night; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English: competent; translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order a 1 DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 larkin st.. opp. City Hall.
bookkeeping, arithmetic. grammar, ■writing;
day and night; terms low lf>24 Mission, nr.tith.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlc< — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Butter; tel. Black 132 L
JAPANESE-CHINESE Em p. Agency; all kinds
help. QEO. OAKI, 30 Geary rtj tel. 'Irani ;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AN American lady wishes a situation as house-
keeper or light housework of any kind; city
oi country. Please call or address MS Thir-
teenth st.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper In wld-
ov.er's family; would assist children with
school studies and music. Address 1i29 How-
aid st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
housekeeper w here there are children; Ger-
man preferred; wages $14 per month. Apply
2312 Cluy st.
A GIRL wants steady i>!?ce for light house-
work: a good home; $10. Apply 654 Jessie
st.; no objection to Oakland.
2 EASTERN sirls desire positions as cook and
se.-.iiid girl; best references; country pre-
ferred. Box 2249, i",..i! office.
CHAMBERWORK and washing wanted by
midille-ased lady; no less than $15 a month.
438 Tenth st.
A WOMAN wants to work by the day washing
K. Call 13' M l.\ on st . near i ieary.
A YOUNG French lady wishes a situation as
chambermaid In American hotel. Hx 2033, ("all.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. 5.21 Mission St., room 1.
WANTED Position In photograph studio by
young lady to tone, print, develop or mount.
Address BLANCHE SMITH, 529 Jones st.,
Oakland.
YOUNG woman will take curtains to wash at
home, or flannels. Address P., Call branch
Hayes St.
ELDERLY lady wishes situation as cook; good j
references; no objection to short distance in
country. 772 Seventh, near West, Oakland.
A RESPECTABLE young French lady wishes
a situation as governess or chambermaid in
American family; btst of references. Ad-
dress box 2431. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to do
general housowork; is good plait; cook; un-
derstands care of sick and children. Ap-
ply 35 Fifth st. room 4.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $r 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH ofrtce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 M O'Farrell st.: tel. East 428.
A GERMAN, 50 years, single, wishes to work
around house; understands the care of horses
an.l cow's; is also handy with tools. Box
2248, Call.
A MIDDLE aged gentleman from the East de-
sires light, clean, out-door work; no objection
to country. Box 2124, Call.
TRAINED nurse and masseur desires evening
i engagements. Box 2120, Call office.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation in a
good family. Box 2024, Call.
FIRST-CLASS China cook wishes a situation
as cook in American family. 14 Ross alley,
room 20, .third floor.
A YOUNG man of 23, experienced office man
j and salesman, desires position; first-class ref-
! erences. Box ?244. Call.
I SITUATION wanted by first-class coatmaker.
Address SIMON DALALIAN. Fresno. Cal.
I WINEMAKER and cellar foreman, with IS
years' experience in leading wineries of Cali-
fornia wants like position: best references.
Address room 5, 337 East Fourth St., Los
Angeles.
YOUNG unmarried man wishes position as
clerk or barkeeper in hotel; years of experi-
ence; best of references; city or country.
Box 2110. Call office.
A BRAN" office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
]►'•!.■!■■'. St. ______^_^^^_
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071'/» Market St.. San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
I A SUNNY middle corner flat; modern Improve-
ments. 1000 Webster St.. cor. Golden Gate.
CLAYTON, 572, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELt.
10 Montgomery st.
MINNA, 1 door from Tenth— fine flat; 4
rooms and bath; sunny.
' MODERN flat of 7 rooms; porcelain bath; new
I plumbing and Improvements; $35; 8174 Geary
st. Apply to LAN DRY C. BABIN, 413
Kearny st.
NEAR City Hall: 2 upper Bunny flats; 6 and 0
rooms. 25 and 27 Birch aye., off Larkin, bet.
Grove and Fulton.
2 NEW flats, sunny side view, 5 and 6 rooms,
bath, laundry, fine garden. 1014 Thirteenth
St., near Scott.
A 4-ROOM flat; 12S O'Farrell St.. cor. Powell,
nr. the Orpheum; $12. Apply 15 Grant aye.
JESSIE, 1454, bet. 13th and 14th— Upper flat, S
rooms, hall and cellar; no children.
523 FOLSOM— Parlor floor flat, 3 large rooms,
yard, bath, hot water.
REAR 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 261S Mis-
sion st. i
RINGOLD, 29. bet. Rth and 9th. Folsom and
Harrison— Flat of 3 large rooms; $8.
THIRD, 417*4— Latest improved flats; Ist, S rms..
! 2 kitchens; 2d. 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
TO — 4 rooms: furnished or unfurnished: N.
W. corner Post and Hyde sts. Inquire $05*4
Geary st.
, UPPER flat of 4 rooms; large yard and stables.
| 2 Hay ward St., oft Harrison.
2 CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1536-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
$10— UPPER flat 4 sunny rooms. 377 Sanchez
St.. near Seventeenth.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
sunny yard. 11l Fell st.
I NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. 1445 McAllister st.
FURNITURE FOR SA*LE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, '.'sc to 50c; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT- j
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.
$300— FURNITURE and carpets, 7-room flat,
nearly new. 772 Stevenson St., near Ninth;
! rent low.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No,
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1181 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.; high-
! est price paid; postal. M. SILVERSTEIN.
1121 Market st.
END hand— Highest '-ash price paid 853 Mission.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
a R, HANSEN & CO.. ..PHONE GRANT 185
Waitress. Dunsmuir, fare here, $20; head
waitress, $25, Bakersfield; 2 waitresses. $20,
BakerstleM. arm work, fare here; waitress, ,
Williams, $20; waitress, Salinas, fare here,
$20; waitress, Orovllle, $20; chambermaid to I
wait, Pescadero, $20; cashier, restaurant, $6 i
a week; cook for restaurant, country. $30; 6
waitresses, city, jr. and $6; lunch waitresses,
EOc. C. R. HANSEN <& CO., 104 Geary St.
WOMAN for lady's parlor, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework, $15. Napa, see
party here between 10 and 11, fare paid; mid-
dle-aged cook, Sonoma County, $15, see party
here; girl for Bakersfleld, 2 In family, party
here; second girl for Fruitvale, $15, and 40 i
girls for housework, $10 and $25. C. It. HAM-
SEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Protestant laundress, $30; one
French. 1 German second girl and seamstress,
$2.'.. 2 maids an.l seamstress, $15 and $20:
French ladles' maid and seamstress, $25; 8 I
second girls and nurses, $20 and $25; 4 Ger-
man and Scandinavian cooks, private, mi- ;
lies, $30; 3 cooks, boarding house, $25; 2 wait-
resses, country hotel, $20; waitress for institu- \
tion. $25; waitresses, country, hotels, restar- ]
ants and boarding-houses In city, at going
wages; cook on a ranch. $30; nurse for inva-
lid. $20; 60 girls housework, city and country,
$"0 $25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316' Sutter st
HEAD waitress, $25; 2 waitresses. $20; laun-
dress, $25. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgom-
ery st.
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery st.. room 12.
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work; small family; must be good cook and
laundress; references. Call bet. 10 and 1 to- |
day at 1117 Green st. ; take O'Farreil-st. cars, i
McDOWELL'S Is the place to learn practical
and artistic dressmaking; only first-class
work done: a visit to our school will repay
you; late patterns cut. McDOWELL, 103 Post.
WANTED — I>ady stenographer and typewriter
for Remington machine; wages $5 per week;
give reference and experience. Box 2126, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' under-
skirts; a few apprentices. A. AARON, 579
Mission st. I
WAITRESS (arm work— Lunch and dinner; 6
hours: $20. JOHNSON'S RESTAURANT, 28
Montgomery st.
EXPERIENCED sewers on infants' and chil-
dren's wear. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market.
GIRL, German preferred, in family of 3; tend
baby and help in housework. 547 Turk st
WANTED— A young girl to assist light house-
work. 1722 Howard St.; sleep home.
WANTED tor housework; wages $15;
plain cooking. 819 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
2904 California St.
GIRL for light housework. 431 Bush st.
GIRL for general housework. 1031 Ellis st.
OPERATORS, finishers and apprentices on
custom coats; good wages. 40 Ellis, room 64.
GIRL for general housework; references. 1135
' Park aye., Alameda.
WOMEN and girls— Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Branr.an
st., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD., Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
I.EVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32V4 Fremont St..
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
' operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
GIRL with references to take care of child
year and half old. Call bet. 9 a. m. and 12
noon. Friday or Saturday, Goueh st.
WANTED— sewers on cording and
finishing underskirts, etc. Apply H. FRIED-
LANDER. 338 Fell st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; no chil-
dren; good home. 722 Stelner St.
YOUNG girl or young man to wait at. lunch
table from 12 to 1 D. m. . 150 First St.
WANTED— Several ladles at once who desire
home employment. 472V4 Thirteenth, Oakland.
PANTS finishers and operators on coats; good
wages. 541 Market st.
WANTED— for general housework; Ger-
man or Swedish preferred; ref. 13. Scott st.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
MANGLE hands. Apply Electric Laundry, 837
Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; steady work.
Call to-day 354 Geary st.
GOOD woman to do plain cooking in country,
t2O. Apply 339 12th. near Harrison^
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
J76 San Jose aye.
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waiets. Call at 409 A Turk St., S. F.
Mfg. Co.
WANTED-Girl to work in shooting gallery;
no experience required; $5 a week. Inquire
407 Dupont st.
TAILORESs" as finisher on pants. 6& Kearny
St., room 18.
S. F. dressmaklnc school; practical method;
I also fine dresses made to order. 104 Kearny.
A branch office for <'all advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HELP WASTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY. .....PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
3 machinists. $?. day 2 wood turners. $2 75
harness makers coopers for winery
mill i«»nch hand band sawyers
carriage painter upholsterer and clerk
setter, sawmill; timber fellers, crosscut saw-
yers, woodsmen, mlllmen etc., $8 50, $3 and
$2 .'0 day. $85, $75, $65, $15 and found
sasli door tnnki-r .>ahinpt makers.... lathers
CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS
15 carpenters. 8 hours, fr-e fare, 6 months'
Job, $3 day and found, 20 miles from Sa.n
Franoisco
9 blacksmiths and horseshoers
*3 day $50. $40 and found
MURRAY & READY," 634 and C 36 Clay st _
FARMS. DAIRrEsTIiXRVIisT, CHOREMEN
AND BOYS
36 men for harvest fields
$2, $150 day and found
S2 farm hands, steady Jibs •
$35 $30, $26 and found
12 milkers, steady Jobs $30, $25 and found
27 choremen and boys for farms, shops, fac-
tories, manufacturing companies, learn trade 3,
etc., $30. $$26. $25, $20. $15, $11 and found
S stablemen and sheep herders
$40 $35 $30, $25 and found
MARRIED Gardener and wife;
8 farmers and wives, $40 and $50 and found;
3 cooks and wives; bartender and wife
milker and wife. MURRAY & READY, 634
and C 36 Clay st.
$58 60 BIG WAGES .M. $58 50
12 two-horse teamsters, free fare. $2 25 day,
23 miles from San Francisco, steady job.
i MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
] ...ITS MONEY THAT GETS Good HKLP ..
24 four-horse teamsters, fare $145 $60
1 26 laborers, fare 50c, no experience $«o
25 laborers, fare 60c, San Mateo Co $<W
14 men for a manufacturing Co., city $b0
19 laborers for a quarry, no experience
." $f,3 and found
35 laborers to shovel concrete, fare 65c
$34 and found
12 drillers' hammersmen. free fare. $3 nnd
$2 75 day; 9 stone and concrete masons, rub-
ble work, fare $1 60, steady, good job, $3 50
day; 9 laborers, manufacturing Co., Santa
Clara Co.. no experience, fare paid. $-'6 and
found; 20 laborers in San Francisco, $2. $1 76
I day and $30 and found. 19 teamsters In San
Francisco $40, $30, $26 and found
26 laborers, inside work, free fare $60
5 laborers, Marin Co., board yourselves $6
MURRAY & READY. C 34 and 636 Clay 8(
WE SHIP YOU FREE REMEMBER
To all railroads but one, from the peaks of
Shasta Mountain to the Bay of Santa Bar-
bara, from San Francisco on the west to Ne-
vada State on the east. DRILLERS, HAM-
MERSMEN. LABORERS. STONE and CON-
CRETE MASONS, TEAMSTERS, SECTION-
HELP ETC.; wages from $3 60 a day; board
and lodging. $4 50 a week. (The <m\p railroad
we don't ship is Const Railroad.! MUKRAY
6 READY, 634-636 Clay St. WE SHIP YOU
FREE.
FRUIT and grape pickers, $30 and found; hop
pickers
CUT BEET TOPS
Men and boys, women and children and fam-
ilies; r>«9 wanted, $30 per month and found,
fare from $1. Office fee $1. MURRAY &
READY, R34-636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
TO 43 SAWMILLS AND WOODS IN CALI-
FORNIA; Tif, men wanted (no experience re-
quired); YOU WILL SUIT: COME AND
BEE; $26 to $40 per month and found; steady
jobs
...WE PAY MURRAY & READY.
YOUR FARES 634-636 clay st.
TO THE MINTS CROWDS GOINO DAILY
n miners, fare $2 50 S«0
26 laborers (no experience), fare $125 $6u
35 laborers (no experience), fare $2 CO, $40 and
found
25 laborers fno experience $4S and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay hi.
B( V wanted for ofllce of MURRAY & READY,
C 34-636 Clay st^
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
.■'9 cooks $50, $45, $40, $35. $30, $25 and found
36 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
57 dishwashers $30, $25, $20. $15 and found
19 porters, bell and elevator boys
$30. $25, $20, $15 and found
4 cooks and wives or men together
$40 and $s^> and found
Pantrymen, Janitors, second, third and fourth
cooks, above places are in hotels, boardlng-
bouses mines, camps, ranches, saloons, res-
taurants, institutions, cafes, etc. MURRAY
A READY, 634-H:!6 Clay st.
BAKERS LAUNDRY
;> first 7 second, 5 third, 3 fourth hands and
boys to learn bakery trades, $40. $35. $30, $25,
$?o'. $15 and found
9 laundrymen $35. $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
NIGHT clerk, lodging house, city. $35 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 6^6
Clay St.
lßn GRAPE PICKERS $1 and found
Large, strong boys and men to pick grapes,
no experience required, for Fresno County;
cheap fares
2 to 3 months' work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary St., Employment Agents.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as la-
borers, teamsters or tunnelmen, at wages of
$1 75 to $2 75 a day, can secure it from ua
free of any expense to the work. C. R.
HANSEN ft CO., MM Geary st.
FREE PAR E A N I > FEE FR EE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunn-i-
-men. wages $: 7.. to >17 5, for the Coast Rail-
road, i R II vNSKN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
30 TEAMSTERS, i- a day. board $4 50; 8 men
to timber a tunnel, $2 a day; 10 laborers, $1 75
a day Eree Fare
For the Valley ruad. C. R. HANSEN &. CO.,
104 Geary st.
CAMP '' ' k, $50; cook and helper for a gang of
laborers, $75; 3 cooks, $40; kitchen hands, $6
a week and $25 a month. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
HARNESSMAKER, $1 25 a day and found; free
fare, r Et HANBEN ft •>., MM Geary_st._
MARKER and distributor, $40 to $50 and found,
country hotel; washer, $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN X CO.. 104 Geary st.
MEAT cook for a private family hotel, $75:
meat nnd pastry cook, country hotel. $80;
cook, restaurant, $05; third cook, hotel, $25;
night cook, JS n week; night conk, S3O; kitchen
help. $25: vegetable cook, hotel, $"5: 2 wait-
ers, same country hotel, $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WOOD worker. $2 50 a day; blacksmith. $2 50
a day; 2 men for Jr. Mon. hay press, 15c;
buggy washer, $:.'5 and found; 14 almond pick-
ers, jl and found; 1 men for a salt works. $1
a day; man about place. $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN fr Co., i,,.i (;,. a ry st.
t\ ANTED— 3 conks, country hotel. $40, $45 and
$60; 2 cooks and Wives, $66 and $05; night
cook, country. $35; hotel waiters, $30; restau-
rant waiters, dishwashers, potwashers and all
oilier kinds of restaurant and hotel help, at
got d wages. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sai imento st.
WANTED— Jobbing blacksmith and horseshoer,
$2 50 day nnd found anl 855; horseshoer; sheep-
herder, $25; 2 stablemen, $30; carpenters for
country, free [are; tallyman, $3u; mill and
w lrien, laborers for mines, quarries, etc.,
teamsters, woodeboppers and others. J. F.
CROSETT Sc CO. 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st.— Kitchen
hand, $30; 3 dishwashers. !2" to $30; cooks, $30
to $65; waiter, c tuntry, $30; man to milk cows,
work around garden. "etc., $25; assistant gard-
ener, $26; laborers, $26; bell boys, $10 and $15.
Sl.< OND cook, ?40; waiter, $30. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 26 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Active man with $100 to take an
Interest in a safe, paying business that has
been established 12 years; will pay $60 to
$70 per month the y«->ar round. See party at
1032 Market m., room 4.
WANTED — Fancy goods and ribbon salesman;
Etat» aEe. exi»rience, reference and salary.
Apply box 2019, Call office.
HONEST boy, about 14 years old. to learn gun
and locksmith trade; live home. P.ox 2009,
Call.
Boy about 16 or IS years old: must have ex-
parience in wrapping. MARKS BROS., 1212
Market st.
INTELLIGENT office boy. about 16 years; ref-
erences required; $3 50 to start. Boat 2022,
Call office.
A GOOD barber: steady Job; my shop Is for
rent; all furnished and rent paid; $16 per
month. 252 Ellis st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 11 Sixth
street.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday wanted.
1073 Market st.
BARBER wanted. Golden Gate aye. and Hyde
street.
TWO barbers wanted. 217 Fourth St.
A GOOD block butcher: $25 a month and found.
Apply 331S Mission St.
BLACKSMITH helper wanted. 1504 Folßom St.,
near Eleventh.
HELP "WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Furnaceman for mine, married man
preferred, $65 per month and free house rent;
3' farm hands for vineyard and work in win-
ery, at rate of $30 a month and board; Ameri-
can farmer, near city, free fare and steady
job, $25 and board; ranch teamster, Sonoma
County, $26; Scandinavian farmer, $25; man
handy with ax and run drag-saw in mill, no
experience required, $30 and board; sheep-
herder, $25: 2 miners. $2 25 per day: 3 laborers
for brick yard, $30 and .board; cook and wife
to run boarding-house; cooks, country hotels,
$35/ $40 and $15. and others. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay St.
COOK wanted at the Manhattan House, 825
Battery st. .
WANTED— painter. Apply at NEW-
YORK SIGN CO., 439 Geary St.
WANTED— 3 Jackson St.
WANTED— Third hand on bread; call early.
2133 Flllmore st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 604 Seventh
street. *
WANTED— cook; Park Hotel; good
wages. 1830 Haight st.
TWO good restaurant waiters wanted. 112
Fourth st.
DISHWASHER wanted at restaurant. 1119
Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted: Saturday and Sunday
or steady. 1205 Fillmore st.
BOY for grocery; German preferred. Box 10,
615 I.'irkin St.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 369 Hayes et.
CROCKERY shipping clerk and selector; first
class. Box 2121. Call.
DISHWASHER wanted. 20 Stockton st.
ELDERLY cook for boarding-house. 322 Main
st. : wages $15.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance,
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket st.
PARTNER wanted by a good banjo and guitar
player. Box 2114, Call.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weeks; only institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed: call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— who can handle short orders,
prepare dinner and bake bread for country
lunch counter. Address box 2243, Call office.
WANTED— An able bicycle repair man; must
lie unmarried and furnish good references.
Address P. O. box 205, San Mateo.
, FOR pensions, any claim against U. S., see
SHERWOOD, room 612, Examiner building,
Sun Francisco.
WANTED— A good reliable middle-aged man,
energetic and not afraid of work, for work on
a small dairy, chicken and hay ranch; one
who knows the business. Write to D. H.
HITCHCOCK, Hllo, Hawaii.
WANTED— First-class painters to buy lot and
pay part in work. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st.
WANTED— Seven good canvassers for city and
Oakland: call 1 to 4 p. m. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO., 307 Noe Bt.
GOOD sober barber wanted for evenings, Sat-
urdays and Sundays. 529 Fourth st.
BEAM hands wanted. Call at 125 Clay st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-oft shoes, cloth-
Ing and tools. S. BERKOWITZ, 634 Pacific.
FOR SALE— Fine 4-chalr barber shop; fitted in |
latest furniture: owner retiring: from business; j
cheap. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
FOUR good hustlers; good salary to right par-
ties. 300 Post st.
INDUSTRIAL Insurance agents. R. RALPH.
511 Montgomery st. ]
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 662 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd Bts.
BAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 604-506 Davis st.
JEWELERS— Bush st., room 4. third floor.
GENT'S fine oalf shoes to order, $2 50 up: sole-
ing, 20c to 35c; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st. ;
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 60 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 13SH Eighth st.
PENSIONS— H. SHEHARD & CO., nttor- j
neys, Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, in.-. 15c and 25c !
per night Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
BINUi-JS rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c > r night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. S63U Market st. I
TRY Acme House, 957 Market <=' . below Sixth. j
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week. J
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 -ooms, 25c night; reading room; free I
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly I
Call. 16 pages; sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. _^^^__
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
SORREL mare and bay colt cheap: for buggy.
755 Mission, in hat store.
HOLSTEIN cow and calf for sale. Apply Four-
teenth aye. and R. St.. South San Francisco.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, Veterinary Dentist, 605 Golden Gate ay.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, I
15 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $'. per year. j
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
48 rooms on Market St.; rent $75 $1,800 i
4S-room hotel in Oakland 2,600 ;
SO-room house; clears $300 2,800
20 rooms on Eddy St.; must sell 600
26 rooms; corner; apartment house 1,600
11-room house; one floor .'.. 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2,200
50 rooms: elegant corner; clears $500 3,750
7-room flat; $150; 8-room flat 350
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 6.500 j
36 rooms on Market St.; clears $200 1,450 I
—MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
$325— LODGING-HOUSE; 16 rooms; always fill-
ed; rent $45. Call 129 Third St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
FINE house, C rooms; bath, basement and
good stable. 1109 Shotwell st.
2-STORY corner house of 6 rooms; bath, large,
well lighted basement: marine view. 2333 j
Leavenworth St., corner Chestnut.
— New modern 10-room house on Waller st.,
between Pierce and Scott sts.
HOUSE hunting made easy, with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
Hve., near Turk and Buchanan sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital, 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Saturday, September 2; sword pin con-
taining diamonds and rubles. Return to
BEWELL, 1025 Market St.; reward.
LOST Black Cocker spaniel bitch; white on
chest. Return to J. MAGEE. 524 Stevenson;
reward.
LOST— Short-coated St. Bernard. 1916 Val-
lejo st. ■
MEDICAL. ~
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chineise~tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay et., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours. 8:30 to 11 a. in... 1 to 3
and 7 to !) d. m. . .
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WTETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 610
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Lark in.
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladles' physician. 1228
Market St., between Taylor and Jones.
MEDICAL.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
87 years. 318 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. ladies' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician, 223 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
V". WONG HIM, herb doctor} treats all dis-
ease? of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. He-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
I BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion Ft., above Sixth.
i BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
I • bought, sold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission st.
FOR sale — First-class second-hand cooperage;
35 oval oak casks, 6 10,000-gallon tanks, 20
1500-gallon tanks, 150 puncheons; steamed
spirit barrels, $1 SO up. A. PETZOLD, 27
Broadway.
STEAM launch; Sx32; must be sold. W. F.
LAUMEISTER, cor. Second and Brannan sts.
SECOND-HAND billiard table in good order;
complete, 835 Folsom st., WM. BATEMAN.
WILL Bell new White sewing machine at a
bargain. E. A. P., 709 Shotwell st.
ENGLISH jockey saddle, good as new, $7: Al
rep, shotgun, 12 ga., cost $12C, for S4O; r.OO
loaded shells, $1 per 10<"i; 1 Colt's rep. rifle,
22 «a.. $10. Ohio Dental Parlors, 850 Market.
GENUINE C. F. Martin (New York) guitar
for $22: guaranteed or your money back.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
CHOICE canaries for sale; fine singers. 722
Hayes st.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; latest de-
signs: new and second hand; carriage en-
gines. Dynamic Engine Co., 1309 Mission St.,
near Ninth.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. Tha
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St.. S. F.,Cal.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
ST. BERNARD dog. 14 months old; $23. Apply
797 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 in. ; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine; 15 H. P.; complete and
first--!:!'---- shape. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
DRESS 5 ants. $2 75: tine suits. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
j DR. CREELY'S C P. Mange Cure at all drug-
! gists or at th» Dog Hospital.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
. lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
DESKS. office and card tables; desks c changed.
repaired: furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wins
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS
WANTED— double circular portable sawmill
and 25 H. P. engine and boiler. Address
Postoffice box 40, Quincy, Plumas Co., Cal.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co., lIS Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraperteams
I with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE K'rr.hnrst. •
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
tire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us first:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bids.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak- !
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without ;
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate. 3d
end 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
| HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, S4C Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
AT reduced rates on estates in probate, rents,
chattel mortgages, real estate, country prop-
erty. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg-.. 130 Powell st.
$50 TO J50.000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bids.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $40011; 5 years; gilt-edge security;
interest paid quarterly. Inquire 635 Sutter st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for iS
i cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY- & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
MAUVAIS', 769 Market St. Get prices at
once.
TWO fine walnut second-hand Decker it Son
Pianos They are bargains you should not
miss, nt MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
W. G. JbADGER, 411 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett * Davis pianos.
GOOD piano In storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
A— sSs UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright : also the famous
Hornunjr Bros. 1 pianos, 21*5 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, 169 up: Installments. $.". 75 up:
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Poet st.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st.
KNABE pianos: n?w scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Fnrrcll st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H~
MULLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. Bent to any address in the
1 -ifd States, postpaid, for '1 per •-.:-.-.
OFFICES AND STORE — TOLEtT
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market tt^- I
Desirable offices. $12 SO to $20.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEEROAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones: classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mail. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— lady alone, partner with small
capital to enlarge lodging-house. Box 2199.
Call.
WANTED— SISO partner in chicken business;
fine chance: near city. Box 2023. Call.
PERSONALS.
WOULD like to Gee the relatives of O. JACOBI-
SON, who died in Daws born in Gotten-
burg. Goteberg, Sweden, regarding his estate.
ED. WIBURG, 1227 Pacific st, San Francisco,
Cal.
OUR leather Is carved in Mexico: beautiful
belts $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton st.
THE halrdresslng parlors of G. LEDERER,
the popular hairdresser, will be open all day
Saturday, September 9. 123 Stockton st.
LEDEREIVS artistic hair dressers will show
you the new imported styles, 25c; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo Is the best yet; nothing so
good; 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
SCRAPPLE— sell receipt and Instruct pur-
chaser In making the celebrated Philadelphia
Scrapple. Address Scrapple. 643 Geary st. N
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, makes faces
beautiful 50c. Mrs. Butler, r. 350. Phelan bldg.
MARY— I got my handsome cap-.! at the East-
ern Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything In that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., MM
Market st., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
PERSONALS.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
Ban Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular^ Patents Solicited.
ELFCTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus snd baggage to and from the ferry.
JIME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
RUPTURE piles cured; examination free.
Dr». Mansfield & Porterfield. S3* Market St.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
w' -sale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St.
GOOD tai.or-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. BCHOBTTLER. 320 Kearny st.
JAMES / SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to lC" Sixth st.. near Mission.
RiPTURE stricture cured: no knire; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln.sl4 Pine, ab.Krny.
A— Ladles' or gents' clothing, furniture bought.
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. IUT, Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Ma-'--' St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
If. p:iges in wrnppT. f'.r mailing. P'- V«r.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE ORUVER. :ree treatment daily. 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
| A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekl\ Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. SI P't yenr
REAL ESTATE — CITY FOR SALE.
$325 LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6, nr. Sunnyside; 1
block from two car lines; positive bargain;
no humbug. Owner, 2\ Powi I and 2.
FORECLOSURE— 2 cottages; Twenty-fifth St.;
gorfd rental; lot 2E:;114: bath; cheap; mane
offer. Inquire 28> Clipper st.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose >-ts.. from JSlwO
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NED-
RON. Builder.
$32— WEBSTER. 821. corner McAllister— S sunny
corner rooms and 1 baths; a bargain. BHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 220 .".. ntgon
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. ;;nd you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 .V iitgomerv st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pnges, sent to any address In tha
United States, pustpaid. f "r ?1 per y.ar.
KKAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Snlo
MENLO PARK— 2% acres up: $110 to $160 p»r
acre; large -jaks; water; rich soil: % cash;
bank sale. W. G. GRIFFITH, room 311.
Hearst building.
VINEYARD; close to Napa City, 50
acres with winery and all improvements; this
would make on-- Bt resorts in Cali-
fornia. Mclaughlin & co.. ::: .■ Market.
A WEEK'S news I Weekly Call,
Ifi r i ."'R p^. In wraM'''. for mailing. SI per year.
ROOMS FOR HOI SEKEEPING.
CLAY, 1610 Rooms for light housekeeping for
man and wife; private house; no other room-
ers.
EIGHTH, 10%, near Market— Sunny furnished
bedroom and kitchen; reasonable.
EDDY, '.'l7- Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rms.; splendid location; private res.
ELLIS, 800 near Van Ness aye.— Nice sunny
furnished basement; large yard, gas stove,
etc. : references.
GEARY. 1917— 4 nice unfurnished rooms; b;.th;
toilet; gas; yard: b.-isement; furnished hall.
GIRARD House. 102 Seventh— l large sunny un-
furnished room: furnished .-uites^
HOWARD, 846— Nice housekeeping rooms, very
■ . $4 up.
HOWARI . large sunny room; two
gentlemen, or convenient for light housekeep-
! Tivate. |
IVANHOE, iir: Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean,
Funr.y: fur. bkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up;ref^
LAItKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ts; furnished complete ; gas range; bath.
ENWORTH, 1503, nr Jackson— 3 sunny
furnishc! I ' ,">ing: W0-
O'FARRELL, 12S Powell— Nice front
room. $6. Apply at 16 Grant aye.
EDDY, 532—3 unfurnished rooms and yard; rent
per month. t
MISSION. 1 7 J • ■ . near Thirteenth— 2 or 3 sunny
furn. hki.R rooms; bath; lam md til
POLK, ".22— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
very reasonable.
RINCON place. 28, off Harrison, bet. First and
Second— View of bay; sunnyroom and kitchen
for lady or man and wife; no children.
SHIPLEY, - ■ ; Natoma. 60, 2
rooms. $5. for hkpg.; ac dogs, no children.
SIXTH, 405— Suite of housekeeping rooms, with
gas and bath; $12 per month.
BUTTER, 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
THE Piedmont— ll9A Sixth— Furnished rooms
fnr housekeeping: also other rooms.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms; also single
rooms, $1 up.
THIRD, M 0 Two rooms, ■ mplete for house-
keeping; rent SS per month.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3-7 S. near Valencia — 5 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions i-as been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and ! nium.
ABBOTSFORD (The), c r. Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 X day. MRS. J. KING.
A PRAXOTI office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
AT New Grand. 246 Cd— 2<~n lst-class =unnyrms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, MS Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to »5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
A NICELY furnished front sunny bay-window
room with bath for gentleman; central. Box
Call B
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gata
aye.— Sunny corner: well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY, 123 (United States J'otel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from *1 60 a wetk up.
EDDY. 21S— Furnished rooms, single and en
suite; also for hi
ELLIS. 618— Large room for 2 gentlemen; all
conveniences; newly furnished; *IS^
EXCELSIOR House. 39 Turk cor. Taylor— New
mangt. ; sunny front bay-wind, rms. ; trans nt.
FULTON. 218 cnr. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
flat; 3 rooms; pus range, bath; also others.
GEARY. 14 A Nicely furnished suite of rooms;
also single rooms from $1 up.
GEARY 406 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; trr. tted. MRS.±j3CisR.
GEARY, 556 Eleganl sunnj parlors, piano,
phone; other rooms; light housekeeping-.
GRAND SOUTHERN. ~SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission st«.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; r elevator.
GROVE 28^-Two nice front sunny rooms, en
suite or single: modern conveniences, gas and
bath; rent reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to 36 per week.
HAWTHORNE. 172. bet. Second and Third,
near Harrison -Pleasant sunny rooms; board
optional; n
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. S23— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
LEAVENWORTH, 405, near Ellis— Fine sunny
rooms to let.
LEXINGTON, 134. nr. Eighteenth— Three
rooms, $9; also 114 Eleventh, one furnished
room.
MARKET. IC37<4— The Epworth; clean and re-
ppectable; prices low.
MASON. MM Nice single furnished room for
gentleman.
MINNA. ZS3— Double and single sunny rooms;
also housekeeping.
MINNA. 667, cor.Kighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 245— Furnished rooms, $1 $1 ani »
$1 f.O; housekeeping rooms, $2 50 per week.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Lariro
bay-win, rms. and single. $S up; also hskp|
O'FARRELL. 20-Sunny furnished rooms and"
offices , elevator|_rtectrt C lights: d»v" m n o dROOMS TO — Fnrn. and I'nfnrn.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night 35c to $1 50;
wei-k, $2 to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
BEVENTHJ -■- Nicely furnished rooms; sun-
ny all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. a Eighth St..
near Market— 'urnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33. nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms: elevator; transient.
TKHAMA. 217H— Nicely furnished sunny front
room in private family; reasonable.
THE i ith. 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THIRD. Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up.
THIRD. 31»V- Housekeeping rooms; suite and
. sin * le: : * 160 to * 250 -
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished front room for
man and wife; other rooms for gentlemen. •
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
• 'all. Ifi pa?e?, sent to any address In the
United Ststes or Car.rrda one year for $1
postage paid.
SEW I.\<. MACHINES AND SUPPLIES:
X* MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought sold-
machine Mippites. '• Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought. Fold, exchanged, rented: re-
-1 nfrinc at .-•■•■■ JOS Fourth st.
SPECIAL^ NOTICES.
PAD tenants eject '. for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
t'O.. 4**. Montgomery st.. rooms 10: tel. 5520
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES?
CAI.A. Storage Warehouse, F SMITH prop
?:: Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay &'.
I'IERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Mafn 5713.
TO LEASE.
FOR RENT— Fine place for a chickenTranclT;
over 7 acres; line house, barn, chicken houses,
pigeon yard, larpe brooder house, incubators
garden. Hue water, etc.; only 40 miles from
the city; close to nice town; rent cheap to
pood • ■ int. Apply to THOMAS BROWN
Sonoma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7. S and 9 rooms and bath each; first-class
neighborhood; n.^ar school and stations; street
work all complete: from (3000 to $4000; only
$."'•0 cash and $2.1 and $30 per month; great bar-
{•■ilns; cheap lute for cash and houses to let
in all parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot 50x150; $200 cash and $20 per month;
fine, nearly new cottage: in a good neighbor-
hood: v."i\r Hich School and station.
S2JOO— Lot 25x115, with elegant residence of 8
rooms; in fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3." '10 : any terms; same as rent.
$2000— Lot 4<>.\2o7:f>: fine, new, modern 6-room
cottage; near High Sohool and station; $500
cash and $25 per month.
s*.>«X* — lv<>t 25x125: cottage of 5 rooms: street
work complete: near station: easy terms.
$1600— Lot 13:4x108: with a fine modern cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street work
all dn:ie; near station and school; $100 cash,
balance $20 per month.
$2ST.o— J"'io cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$32.'.0-SMO cash, $25 per month; less than
rent; lot 40x150: elocant new 2-story. 8 rooms
and bath; on Morton st., near Morton-st sta-
tion: best bargain in Alameda: elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye
at a bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda
H. P MORE A L ft CO
1432 Park st.. Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modem 8-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage, 6 rooms;
lots .Vxlso; easy terms. Apply 151S Mozart
Ft.. Maetick station. Alameda.
SNAP— New House, S rooms and bath: lot 50x
150; good location; "> mlnaW walk from Bta-
tlon. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 1 rhapln.
CHEAPEST and h«\st in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
■.LAMBDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
FI'RXISHED rooms, double or single hot and
cold water shower baths; steam heat; tele-
phono n^ar .station: breakfast if desired;
every home comfort. 2101 Central aye.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
prourxi*: prlv*t«. MR?. DR. FI'NKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TO~cI.qSE~\N~EFTA~fE!
THIRTY ACRES FOR SALE.
Right in the heart of beautiful Berkeley.
Just fit to cut up. near the university and
railroad; fine view. Apply to JOSEPH J.
MASON, Poptofflce block, Berkeley, or to
J. J. MORRIS, 630 Market st.. San Francisco.
NOW is the time to Invest in Berkeley.
CALL AND ■ >: OUR BARGAINS.
JiQi-Xciv modern house: 8 large rooms;
strf'H work done; clow to V. C.
ttZ'ii) — Pame size house; larpe lot; fin 0 view.
JIS.-.o— Protty story and a half house; near
d°pot; street work done; fine view.
?450 buys a lot 40x135; $20 down and $10
a month. Why not own a piece of mother
earth? <>. G. MAY CO.,
2123 Center st.. Berkeley.
3 LOTS on high ground: short walk of univer-
sity: must be sol.i; also '■ modern houses build-
ing: 2 minutes of. main entrance to V. C. M.
L. WURXS, 171 st. and Broadway, Oakland.
NEW; 6 rooms., bath and pantry; hot and cold
water: folding doors; ay-window; brick
foundation: stationary tubs: city water; also
fine well of good water: high basement; 1
Work from station; school, churches, storeh
and electric cars; price $ISDO: terms 8151 cash,
balance }20 per month; take Berkeley- train,
get off at Ix»rin station, ask for RUDOLPH
& PERKINS.
$1300 WILL buy this cozy four-room modern
cottage, bath, good well, lot 40x122:8; im-
provements alone worth the money; one
Mock to railroad station and electric cars;
close to stores, postofflce. schools and church:
s'reet newly macadamized; high ground and
nice view; pleasant surroundings. Easy
term? will be made H. D. IRWIN, Lorin
Station. Oppn Sundays,
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages; sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
r'"°fnrr«» raid
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$."'">o— Lot 23x140: $."0 down; $10 per month; street
work done. $2.'»o— Lot 96x108: $40; $10 per month,
or will build to suit. Call at 1213 Park st.
E c" BUNCE, 908 Broadway— s.isoo— Ten-room
modern house, elegant corner: value of Im-
provements. $6000. and gift of lot, $4.V*v rental
J4O per month; stable; genuine bargain; fine
location, up to date, cannot he duplicated
In this city; must be sold within ten days;
$?,.V>o can remain.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR JALE.
AX Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Nctlce— Dividend No. 1 (25c per
share; of the Kiiauea Sugar Plantation' Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Mai ■ street, on or after Fri-
day, September lf-th, ISS9. Transfer books
will close or» Friday, September Sth, 18W, at
2 lock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (80 cents
per hare) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Monday. September 11. W9». Transfer
books will close on Tuesday. September 5,
1881, al Z o'clock p. m. N«_
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ICOtTcE to tors —Estate of PATRICK:
KERVIN (deceased). Notice Is hereby given (
by the undersigned, Union Trust Company of
San FranclMCo (a corporation), executor of
th- estate of PATRICK KERVIN (deceased),
to the creditors of and all persona having ■
claims against the said deceased, to exhibit
them with the necessary vouchers, within ten
(10> months after the first publication of this 1
notice, to the said Union Trust Company. ]
executor, at its office, 2 Montgomery Ft., the .
same being its place for the transaction of j
the business of the said estate in th» city
and county of Han Francisco, State of Call-
UNION trust COMPANY OF ban FRAN- j
CISCO executor of the estate of PATRICK
KERWIN (deceased).
Dated at San Francisco. August. 1899.
PROPOSALS.
UNITED States Engineer Office. Flood build-
Ing ban Francisco. Cal.. August v 1593-
Sea'lei proposal* for dredging In Stockton and |
Mormon channels. Cal.. will be received here ,
until 12 o'clock noon September 12. US*. In-
formation furnlfOied on application, w. H-. j
lIEUER. Major Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
C. L, Goessel and Emllie A. Wagenknecht.2s-20
Herman Wessel and Helene Feilner 31-30
Joseph F. Sylva and Kitty R. 5u11ivan. ...23-23
I Angelo Ferrari .ml Caterina Denevl 39-35
Axel Star an 1 Ella M. O'Fnrrell .f:»-:;G
Joseph S. Pedro and .leanneqe A. McGillls.2l-lS
~BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
bods authorized to have the same published.
BORN^
COLBERT— Oakland. September 7. 1899, to
the wife of John Colbert, a daughter.
j DIETLE— In this city, August 31, IS9'J, to the
wife of a. Dietle, a daughter. i
GRIFFIN— In Oakland, September 8, 1899, to
the wife of P. J. itrlffin. a daughter.
MARRIED.
DOMINGUEZ PEREZ— In Reno, Nev., Sep-
tember &, 1899, Richard A. Domlngues and
Altagracla Perez, both of San Francisco.
HOFFMAN— PETEREIT— In this city, Septem-
ber 4, 1899, by the Rev. J. H. Bchroeder, Ed-
ward Hoffman and Martha Petereit.
LAYTON— GERLACH— In this city, September
2. 1899, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, William
I-:.; I in and Lizzie Qerlach.
TRADE— In this city, September 8.
I* I, by Justice of the Peace J. E. Barry,
Joseph F. Trade and Carrie M. Dunn.
DIED.
Aborn, Edward S. Knopf, Jules L.
Boysi, Lulgi Lennon, Bister Mary
Brader, Maggie McKenna, Owen
Brus Josie Morgan, Edith J.
Chandler. Miss B. P. Rees, Mary J.
Ccon, Julia Reilly, Patrick
Conlan, Daniel Schuttler, John W.
Cunningham, Parian Shelley, Ellen M.
De la Fontaine, Ros< Smith, Kbenczer C.
Diener, Eliza Stanton, John
Tailor;, Isabella Stent, Violet M.
Grvin, A. H. Trusseau, P. C.
Gutman, ushaei Wagner, Augustus H.
Elagemi n, George
ABORN— In this city, September 8, 1899, Ed-
; ward S., beloved husband of Alberta Aborn,
I a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 60 years.
C^" Notice of funeral hereafter.
. BOSSI— In this city, September 7. 1599, Lulgi
Boss), a native St Italy, aged 60 years.
' BRADER- In fills city, September 7, 1899, Mag-
gie Brader, a native or England, aged £2
years.
: Lira SCO— this city. September 3. 1599, Josie,
youngest and beloved daughter of Giuseppe
and Assunta Brusco, and sister of Mamie,
Arms Enrico and Emella Brusco, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 years 11 months
and 5 lays.
C7"Fr)ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral which will
| take place this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock,
I front her parents' residence, 102S Montgomery j
, street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CHANDLER— Arcata. September 5. 1899,
M -■ Bertha P. Chandler, sister of George
W. Chandler, a native of Maine.
E7"FriendF and acquaintances are respect-
! . fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, San Francisco.
COEX— In this city, September S. 1899, Julia,
dearly beloved wife of Joseph Coen, and
, mother of Ethel and Dorothy ''•■en, a native
of Fahrenkrug. Holstein. Germany.
COXLAN -In this city, September S, 1599. Dan-
iel Conlan. late of Sierra County, Cal., be-
loved husband of Rose Conlan. a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 61 years.
CUNNINGHAM— In Fruitvale, September 7,
isr>i». Parian R., beloved husband of Louise
Cunningham, a native of Canada, aged 64 I
years 6 months and 9 days.
K7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock. frQm Oakland Ma-
sonic Temple, Twelfth and Washington
Etre»t.=, Oakland, under the auspices of Mis-
sion Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.
DE LA FONTAINE- In this city, September 8,
1599, Rose, beloved wife .1!" John de la Fon-
'■ tain?, and daughter of Edward and the late
Mary O'Neill, a native of San Francisco, a^ed \
24 years *> months and 9 days.
Friends an.l acquaintances are respect- .
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '•
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1321 Xatoma street, thence to. St ;
Chacles Church for services. Interment Holy |
Cross Cemetery.
DIENER— In this city, September 8, 1*99, Eliza, |
beloved daughter of G. and Maria Diener, t
and ulster of Ernestine and Gustav Munk, a ,
native of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 17
years 4 months and 20 days.
FALLOX— In this city, September 7. 1599. Isa-
bella, dearly beloved wife of Martin Fall in,
and mother of Thomas, James, Peter. Martin
and Ellen Fallon. a native of County Done- j
gal. Ireland, aged 67 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are res; • -
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow .
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from her late >
residence. 2429 Folsom street, thence to St. j
Peter's Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
GIVIN— In this city. September 7. 1898. A. H. j
Glvin, a native of Massachusetts, aged 56 ]
years. ~  ' .
ZZf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday,) at 2 o'clock, from Knights of
Pythias' Hall. 909 Market street, where the
services will be held under the auspices of
Golden City Lodge No. 63, K. of P.; Painters'
Vnlon Xo. 73. B. of P. and D. of A., and I
Building Trades Council. Cremation at I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of i
Charles J. B. Metzler. 536 Washington street.
•'ii AN— Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully in^ted to attend the dedication of
the monument of the late R«chael Gutman '
to-morrow (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at New
Salem Cemetery.
HAGEMAX— In this city, September 8, 1899,
George, dearly beloved husband of Emily
Hageman, and father of Mrs. O. F. Westphal,
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 63 year?
4 months and 4 days.
H~7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Sunday) at 1 o'clock, from the rooms of
Georpe H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R., 320
Post street. Comrades of the G. A. R. and j
Companions of the . ... al Legion are respect- :
fully Invited to attend. Interment private.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KNOPF— In this city. September S, W99, Jules
Louis, beloved son of Camille aVid Odyle j
Knopf, and brother of August and Camilla
Knopf, a native of San Francisco, aired 13 t
y_»ars 10 months and 19 days.
C "Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at '•' O'clock, from the residence .
of his parents. 11 Scott place, off Broadway,
betv een Powell and Mason streets. Inter- i
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LENXON— At the Presentation Convent, Pow- |
ell street. September 8, 1899, Bister Mary de j
Pazzl Lennon.
£7 A solemn requiem mass at the convent
on Monday, September 11. at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery,
McKENNA— In this city, September 8, 1599, !
Owen, beloved husband of Sarah McKenna, |
and father of Harry P., John M., Jennie M., |
5 A. Eugene J. and Mary C. McKenna, a 1
native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 38 ;
years.
MORGAN— In this city, September 7. 1599,
Edith Jenne, beloved daughter of William
J. and Margaret I* Morgan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years and 4 months. (St.
John, X. 8., papers please copy.)
(TTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday, at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 12 Oak street. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
REES— In this city, September 4. 1R99, Mary
Josephine, beloved daughter of Mark and
Nellie Rees, and granddaughter of Henry and i
the late Margaret Corn foot, a native of San j
Francisco, aged 2 years C months and 18 days. '
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow i
(Sunday), at 10:80 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 1023 Montgomery street, between
Broadway and Vallejo street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city, September 7. IR<>9, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of the late Catherine '
Reilly, and father of Joseph F., Kittle J. and !
the late Mary Ann Reilly. a native of County
Cavan. Ireland, aged 70 years.
ntTFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1827 Fifteenth street, thence to Mission !
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his >
soul, commencing at 10:80 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHUTTLER" In Fitchburg, Alameda County,
Cal., September 8, 1899 John W. Schuttler,
beloved father of Mrs. Simon Petersen, Mrs.
H. P. Bruun and Mrs. Frederl Dreyer,
a native of Bchleswlg-Holsteln, Germany, I
aged S8 years 3 months and 10 days.
|7Frifnds and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SHELLEY— In this city, September 7, 1599, !
Ellen Maria, beloved daughter of Mrs. Kate 1
and the late John F. Shi Hey, and Fister of
1;. ii F. and Harry F. Shelley, a native of San
Francisco, aged 33 years 6 months and 2 days.
(Los Angeles papers please copy.)
|C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday}, at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, UNA Broadway, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery. '^■';'->,
SMITH— In this city, September 22, 1899, Eben-
ezer C, beloved husband of Isabella Smith,
a native of Ulster County, New York, aged 65
yearF. ;
Krlend= and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from his late resi- !
dence. 2114 Powell street. Interment Masonic j
Cemetery. ;
STANTON— In this city, September 8, 1899, j
John beloved husband of Mary Stanton, and
father of Patrick, Mary, Edward, John. Nel-
lie and Walter Stanton, a native of Ireland,
aged ■''' years.
iiLNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ■ i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1899.
! PTEXT-In this city. September 7, 1599, of
diphtheria, Violet Mnud. beloved wife of
Ernest A. Stent, a native of California, aged
-.1 years.
TRUSSEAU— IB this city. September 6. lS r -<>, P.
«'.. beloved husband of the late Catherine
Trusseau, a native of Bordeaux, France,
aged CS years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific I'ndertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to Xotre Dame dcs Vlctoires Church
for services at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WAGNER— In this city, September R. M». Au-
gustus H., beloved husband of Rose Wagner,
a native of Russia, aged 44 years and 11
nths.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
IMPORTERS ARE GLAD
BECAUSE OF A RULING
MAY WITHDRAW FROM BOND
FOR EXPORTATION.
Borne weeks ago Customs Collector
Jackson, at the request of P. W. Bell
ingall, sent to the Secretary of the Treas
ury a letter asking that merchandise
may be allowed to be withdrawn from
! bond for exportation before liquidation.
A reply In the affirmative was received
yesterday, with the following letter in
closed and addressed to Secretary Gage
from G. K. Bidwell, Customs Collector of
the port of New York:
I have received a letter signed by the Col
lector of Customs at San Francisco, Cal.,
dated July 20, 1899, addressed to the Hon.
Secretary of the Treasury, respecting the
practice at thla port in regard to with
drawals from bond for exportation before
liquidation, which letter was referred to this
ofilce for report and return by department
Indorsement, dated the 29th ult., O. L.
lldillgr, Assistant. Secretary, A. J.
In reply 1 have to state that, the practice
at this port for many years in the matter
of withdrawals for export from an un
liquidated warehouse bond of merchandise,
paying a specific rate of duty has been to
note on the warehouse entry the words,
"Closed as entered for export only," which
may refer to the entire quantity covered by
the entry or to so much thereof as may be
desired.
In the case of merchandise paying an ad
valorem rate of duty the Appraiser's report
on Invoice Is required before permitting:
withdrawals for export. If no advance in
value or portion change of rate is made by
him the warehouse entry may then be closed
as entered, or as much thereof as may be
desired, and withdrawals for export per
mitted before the liquidation.
This method has been productive of no
| complication*, has proved perfectly satis
: factory in operation and has occasioned no
loss to the revenue. It is manifestly im
( practicable to frame a regulation to suit
every possible emergency, but it is.suggest
• ed that the possibility of irregularity under
; this system is reduced to a minimum, if not
j entirely precluded, by the exercise of proper
care and Judgment in permitting with
drawals for export from unliquidated ware
, house bond of merchandise, paying a spe
cific rate of duty.
OFFICER WAGNER DEAD
Patrolman Rainsbury Has Been
Chosen to Succeed Him.
Police Officer August H. Wagner died
suddenly in a drugstore at the corner of
Seventeenth and Castro streets about 7
o'clock last evening. So far as can be
ascertained death was the result of
aneurism of the aorta. The body was
removed to the officer's home at 595 Noe
street, where an autopsy will be per
formi d.
Officer Wagner was appointed to the po
lice force on June 11. 189 L II. • ha> Blnce
done corridor duty in the City Hall, and
was considered a most efficient and popu
lar officer. Yesterday afternoon he was
taken ill. and wis treated by Dr. Rlctfi
in the Treasurer's office. For* a tinif be
recover- il sufficiently to be taken to his
home, and when be started he was accom
panied by < officer Peter Burns. At the
corner of Seventeenth and Castro streets
he had another sinking spell, and was
taken to a drugstore, where he died. De
ceased was 44 years of age, and leaves a
wife.
He will be succeeded by Officer Rains
hn rv
MEXICAN INDEPENDENCE.
There Will Be No Ribal Celebration
This Year, but a Harmonious
Time.
Th>* committee in charge of the celebra
tion of thr- eighty-ninth anniversary of
the national independence of Mexico
met last evening at Universal Hall to per
fect arrangements for celebrating th>
national holiday. The affair will take
place on Saturday evening, September 16,
and will be celebrated with all due honors
by th«- local Mexican colony which num
bers nearly 4000. In the Mexican quarter
many > >f the resident have signified their
intention of decorating their residences
with the tricolor flag of Mexico and the
stars and strip's.
Heretofore two celebrations have been
held, owing to the differences existing be
tween factions in the colony. This year
there will be but one official celebration
to be hfld under the auspices nf the com
mittee headed by Hon. A. K. Coney.
There will be literary exercises, concert
and nn all-night ball. Hon. A. K. Coney,
c..!i!-:!l General of Mexico, will be presi
dent of the day. Mayor Phelan will de
liver an address and A. de la Torre Jr.,
will read the Declaration of Independ- !
ence. The "Star Spangled Banner" and
the 1 Mexican national hymn will be sung
by ;'.. chorus of Beventy-flve young ladies
and gentlemen, headed by Miss Nellie I
O'Rourke.
The oth*»r features are: Fan dance, by
Miss Gertrude Navaez; solo, Mrs. B.
Caxnarena; oration in Spanish, by Hon.
Ramon Garcia; trio. Misses Emily and
Jennie Lassale and Miss Blanche Mlanc;
oration in English, Hon. A. B. Trcadwell; j
bolo, Mrs. L. George; solo, Miss J. Perez;
solos of the Mexican national hymn, sung I
by the following young ladies: Miss Lon
nl« Balleto, Miss J. Perez. Mrs. li. i.'ama
rena, Mrs. L. George, Miss J. Mesa, ac
companied by a grand chorus of ladies
and gentlemen.
The concert will be undor the direction
of Professor M. A. OMmeyer. Following
is the committee in charge of the affair:
Hon. A. X Coney, <'< nnul General of Mexico, I
honorary president: Charles Baez, president; 1
Ouatavo Levy, vice president; A. de la Torre i
Jr., secretary; J- J- Arzave, assistant secretary;
a. Montero, treasurer.
Executive Committee— Captain A. ROJO, K.
Garcia, 1 >r. A Ifaldonada, R. Serrano, F. Car
rasiza. V. D. Medina, C P. Jimenez. M. A.
Ohlmeyer, «}. C. del I'alacio, M. J. Luna, J. R.
CaMfllanos, A. Tejeda, B. Vbarra, P. Esplnota.
■ ♦ ■
St. Francis' Golden Jubilee.
The celebration of St. Francis' Golden
Jubilee promises to be an epoch In Catho
lic church circles in this city. Able Her
mons will be preached during the week's I
celebration by leading members of the j
secular and regular clergy. Following !
are the preachers and the subjects they!
will ilipcuss:
\Wdnosday evening, October 4, Father 1
Fllibert, O. F. M., "Saint Francis of i
Assist um"; Thursday evening. October 5,1
Rev. Reginald Newell, O. P., "The Church I
and Society"; Friday evening, October 8 !
Rev. Charles Ramra, "The Mission of the 1
Laity"; Sunday morning, October 8, Very
Rev. J. J. Prendergast, V. G., "The Gold- I
en Jubilee of St. Francis"; Sunday even
ing, October 8, Rev. Joseph Sasia, S. J
"The Catholic Church (lod's Masterpiece
on Earth."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
I F Bird, Chicago II B Maxon. Nev
' A cu.-hine. ChiCgO B F Uright, Ohio
Mrs J Ward, Pleasntn ' Schmidt, N V
H \\ Lee, Los Ang Q E Goodman Jr.Npa
X 1- I>«-e, Los Ang .' Bishop, Cleveland
I>r Matthews, Angels Mr.-; C Bishop. > levld
\V W Church. Toledo ;I C Gamage, Stray H
II .1 Front. N V H C Smith, Stray Hse
S Bowden, San Jose P A We^t, Stockton
I' I Comellsen, Chcgo F L»adbetter. Portlnd
ft Gamble, Yankton P B tfwankamp, N V
Hrs Gamble, Vankton I F Moalton, England
Mr^ C Bradley, ChcgrolA F Moulton, England
I! W Stelnman, i-'acto D T Merrltt N V
i V.' White. Wash ;Mrc« Mcrrilt. N V
C J Goucher, Cal ■ J II O'Neill, Portland
Mrs Ooucher, CaJ jH S Pritchett, Wush
(V 1. Thornton, NY C E Ide, Los Ang
A H Hlgpli.Non. N ST I ft M Ross, Lob Ang
I Field. M.nterey ;Mrp X M Ross L Ang
P c St. ne, Minn R E Ross. Loa Ang
X Amblard. Pnrls
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
N Bershott, Sacto iS St Clair. Vailejo
) Roman, Baltimore IJ W Hickey, Stockton
I. Burns, Cal Q Palmer. Marysville !
II 1' llammett, S Jone|E Finn. Isleton
LB A very, Redlnnds I A E Herold &w. Cal
3 II Reimer. Chgo J Wood. Santa Cruz
1" <:." Genrhart. Idaho F J Sohn. Chicago
W J Martin, Vallejo jC A Hotchkiss. Ohio
B C Hallard, S Rosa M Jackson, Chicago
J Connolly, Portland T Stapel, Bt Paul
B E Buckner, c a i j Nelson. Indiana
M Gleason, L Ang R Rice. Indiana
F Lynch. Vnllejo ;B W Chadwick. Denvr
J H Ryan, Portland !A Turner A w, Idaho
.7 McLvighlin ft w, B Ketcham, Idaho
Vallejo 0 Sutherland. Idaho
G Summers, Idaho ,H Van Alstlne. Sacto
E Smith, Idaho J I) Ferguson, Ohio
J Deaklns & w. Cal M Brown, lowa
B Roaan. Cal iB Lahuck lowa
1) Brown, CaJ lC E Stennlngs. lowa
GRAND HOTEL.
J G Lovern, Eureka 13 E Hartnug, Denver
F G Billing?, (al H W Johnson, Denver
T F Coope, cal A F Switz. Denver
A Penniman, San Jose vV B D Gray. S Dak
\V Allen, fan Mateo L Spurling, S Dak
F Luckenback, N V H P Barlow, St Paul
X Gude, Davlsvllle f W Paget. Colo
E L Holllday, S Cruz 3 J Rawalt, Colo
I H Gardiner. R Vista IV R Jacobs, Pueblo
FI H Hunter, Redding E S Bean & w, Minn
II J Bndd, Knoxville 3 A Spltzer. San Jose
J C Campbell, Marysvl D H Smith. San Jose
T R Robinson & w, Cal I C Tice, San Jose
\ Franck & w, Spokne L Grover, S Dak
; I B Mullay, C Nome P Morse, San Diego
i,j E Younians. Salem 3 Mcßies. San Jose
Flora Denny, Ar-ata 3 H Wagner, San Jose
'. .J Evans, Napa 'F Knox. Sacramento
VI W Kales, Oakland C X Holmsburg. Cal
< H Wilson & w, SKsa F M Smith, Vacavllle
E /.arietta, San Juan J Kuhlman. Benicta
1" Coleman, Cal R E Bevan, Marysville
.V Aitken, Sacramento jR P Friend. Oakland
Dr •' H Barr. liaysvlllelD Eisner. Suisun
vV Knlßlit, Woodside N W Moody, Fresno
a E French, Bakersfld C W Oestring, 8 Diego
? L Taylor, Denver T F Reardon & w, Cal
W E Gcjward. Denver T E Ecclee, Hartford
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Irom Page 12.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Lighting stocks were firm on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, and the ten
dency was upward. Otherwise there was
nothing new.
In the afternoon Market Street Railroad ad
vanced to $03 50 and Giant Powder to $74 25
Pauhau was weaker at $39, and Hawaiian
sold at BMOM 50.
The feeling in mining stocks was firmer.
especially in the north-enters, which ad
vanced a few cents. The telegram from the
lump said- "No. 1 elevator, haa been running
continuously. Xo. 2 elevator ran thirty min
utes. The water is thirty-five feet below the
1550-foot level station."
! To-day being a legal holiday, the boards will
! not be In session. ■■•
For the month of August the Standard Con
solidated mine produced bullion of the gross
value of J41.3U0. The official report from the
mine for the week ending September 2 says
that the south drift. Bullion vein. 200 level.
was In a pillar of gcod ore behind the old
1 shaft, and was stopped temporarily. The
i west crosscut, same vein and level, had a
I 4-inch vein of poor ore and was stopped.
: Raises 4 in the Security and No. 10 veins,
SIS level had IS inches of lair ore in their
tops. The south drift, Xo. 10 vein, 3SO level,
had 12 Inches good ore in the face. Raise 2,
Fortuna vein, .".82 level, had 10 inches of fair
ore In the top. The vein wai widening in
the raise In the hanging wall.. The stopes
I In the Moyle, East, New, Xo. 10, Magulre,
I Fortuna and *>ther ledges yielded the usual
amounts of fair to good ore. At the mill 280
tons of ore were crushed for the week. Aver-
I age assay vanner tailings. $S 63; concentrates
produced, 1 ton; assay value, $104 98. Plate
' amalgam produced, 112S' 2 ounces; value per
I ounce, $2 64. Tailings plant Xo. 1 treated 82
tons tailings for the. week, and plant Xo. 2
' treated 192 tons tailings.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Xame of Stock. M. I T. W. T. | F. I S.
Alpha 06 06 06 06....
i Alta 04 05 ....
Andes 18 16 18 16 ....
Belcher 1t0.A.... 37 40 36 ....
[Best & Belcher .... 63 68 60 ....
Bullion I-... OS 07 07 ....
Caledonia .... 71 70 69 70....
Challenge .... 36 3r>; 33 36....
(liar .... 40 42 41 ....
Con. Cal & Va |.... 1 7o|l 70 1 70 1 75 ....
Confidence ■ 1 75 75 75 ....
Crown Point !...., 24! 22 23 23....
Gould A: Curry .... 33 31 33 32....
Hale & Norcross .... 33 35 33 34 ...
Justice .... 15 14 14 ....
Mexican .... 51} 4* 50 53 ....
Ophir . ... 1 10 1 10 1 15 1 10 ....
Overman I 14 15 13 13 ; ....
Occidental" 23 21 21 25 ..
Potosl I 33 33 34 35 ....
j Savage | 30 , 29 30 29 ....
i Standard 2 6.*. 2 70 .... 2 70
j Sierra Nevada SI S3 85 91
Union 40 41 44 49 : ....
Utah 13 14 14 16...,
Yellow Jacket 30 28 32 34....
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Sept. B—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | • Hid. Ask
4s quar coup.. 1124 — Mutual El Co. 17H 174
4s quar reg.... — — O G L & H.. — 49iJ
4s new quar... — 131*4 Pac Gas Imp. — 6S 7 «
i3s quar coup.,loßVi — Pac L Co KB -UU
Miscellaneous— IS F G & E.... 674 68
Cal-st Cab ss. 115 — San Fran 3S 2 a»4
C C Wat 55... — 110U Stockton. Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 6s. 130 — Insurance—
F A Cl Ry «a. 114 — Flrem's Fund. 22s —
Oeary-st R ss. — 95 '' Bank Stock's—
, H C A 55H5..107S — iAnirlo-ral .... «5 —
L A Ry 5s 106'4106!i Bank of Ca1..252 283
L A LCo 65.. 99 — Cal SD 4 T.. 07 98
! do gntd 65.. 99 — First Nat10n1.234 —
I do gntd Rs.. — MO i Lon P& A. ...128 • —
Market-st 6.«..12Gii — Mer Exchange— 16
do Ist M rs.n.-.'^llS Xcv Nat 8k..182"4190
N C KG R 75. 110 — Savings Bank*—
:XR of Cal 6«114 — Ger S St. L..1650 —
X Rof Ca! sb. 115 116 Hum S & L.1050 USO
XPc R R 65. 105% — Mut Say Bk. 37& 42'^,
XPC R R 85.105 .107 S F Say U... 800 -
X Cal R R ns.lll — Say & I. So. — 82H
ci OL& II BS.UO — Sec Say Bk. — 300
Oak Trans 65.111i4112^ Union T C 0.1400 1440
Om C By 65.. 126 130 Street Railroads—
P &Cl Ry 65.1«6 — California ....1» —
Pk & 0 Hy 65.115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st R6s.llS — Market-st .... C3^ 64
Sac El G&R5s - — Oak SL& H. — SO
SF & X P 55. 114^115 Presidio 12 —
! s F & S JVsslir.Hll6 Powder—
SRy of C«l 65.108H - California ....150 165
SPof A 65.... — 113V4 X Dynamite. .. 85 —
8 P C 6s(1905)lll«4 — Giant Con Co. H\i 74%
S P C SsflSOS) — 114% ■ Vigorlt 2% 3
S P C 65a912)122 — ' Sugar—
SPCIs eg a5.102^4 — Hana P C 0.... 15H 15 1 *
BPBr 6s 12. 126 Haw C&S C. 964 —
5 V Wat 6f..114V»114% Hutch B P Co 31% 31T4
! S V Wat 4s..K'4Vi — Kilauea S C... 28 31
6V W 4s(3dra)lol — Makawell SC. 51 — "
Stktn Gas os.. — — Onomea S C... 39 —
Water Stocks— Paah.iu S Co.. 39 394
Contra Costa.. 7r>> 4 76 Miscellaneous—
Marin County. .0 — Al Pac Assn.. llß^ll9
Spring Valley.lo2 102 M Mer Fx Assn.. — ion
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S. Co. S9 89%
Cent OCo — — Pac A F A.... \% -
Cent L & P.. — 7 Pac C Bor C 0.140 1424
Eqult a L Co. 3% AM Par Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board—
7 Alaska Packers' Association 118 00
1 Bank of California 283 50
60 Contra Costa Water 75 50
GO Makawell Sugar Co. cash 51 25
SO Makawell Sugar Co 51 25
20 Mutual Electric Light b 5 17 00
10 Mutual Electric Light 17 00
115 Mutual Electric Light 17 25
25 Onomea Sugar Co 39 50
80 S. F. Gas & Electric Co., 68 00
10 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 68 25
«0 S. F. Gas ft Electric Co 6S 12%
$10,000 S. F. & S. J. V. bonds 115 75
50 Spring Valley Water 102 12%
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 California Safe Deposit 98 00
SO Giant Powder Consolidated 74 00
75 Giant Powder Consolidated 74 25
5 Hana Plantation Co 1525
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 96 00
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 95 50
5 Market Street Railway 63 00
150 Market Street Railway 63 50
110 Mutual Electric. Light b 30 1; 25
200 Onomea Sugar Co 33 2.'
200 Paauhau S. P. Co 3900
23 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 67 75
20 Spring Valley Water 102 12%
$11,000 Spring Valley Water 6s 114 25
Street—
25 Spring Valley Water 102 12%
200 Vlgorit Powder 2 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
30 Oakland Gas 4900
40 Onomea Sugar Co 3975
30 Mutual Electric Co is 75
20 Mutual Electric Co is 3714
50 Kilauea Sugar Co 29 75'
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
ft, Contra Costa Water 75 50
100 Equitable Gas 375
$5000 Los Angeles Railway Ss 106 50
60 Onomea Sup-ar Co 39 371^
35 Mutual Electric Co 17 00
40 Mutual Electric Co 17 12%
30 Mutual Electric Co ..17 23
$$000 United States 3* 108 50
MINING STOCKS.
The following' were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 58 i 100 Gould & Curry 31
100 Bullion ......... 08 : 200 Potosi  35
1000 Chollar 42 : 200 Utah ;. 15
200 Con Cal & Va..l 70 400 Yellow Jacket.. 32
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha C 6 300 Mexican ....;.. 53
250 Best & Belcher 61 200 Overman is
250 Best & Belcher 62 500 Potosl 35
200 Bullion OS 1100 Sierra Nevada. 90
100 Caledonia- 70 300 Union Con .... 49
300 Chollar 43 300 Union Con .... 48
450 Con Cal & Va.l 75 500 Utah i§
100 Confidence .... 85 600 Yellow Jacket.. 34
200 Hale & Norc... 31
The following were the Bales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning; Session.
200 Andes 16! 300 Occidental ..... 25
400 Best & Belcher 591 200 Potosl 35
800 Chollar 42 400 Savage 30
200 Con Cal & Va.l 7'> 200 Sierra Nevada. 86
250 Con Cal & V.I 72% 100 Sierra Nevada. $7 !
200 Gould & Curry 32 100 Sierra Nevada. SS
200 Gould & Curry 33 200 Union C0n..... 44
100 Hale A Norc... 32 100 Union C0n......' 45
100 Mexican 81 i 300 Yellow Jacket.. 32
300 Mexican 62, 1
Afternoon Session.
500 Chollar 42 1 SOO Sierra Nevada. 89
600 on c a i & Va.l 75 200 Sierra Nevada. 90
500 Mexican s:': 600 Union Con 47
200 Ophir ....... 1124; 100 Union C0n....'. «
200 Ophir 1 15 1 ■ V . .; ;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, September B—4 p. m.
Bid. Abk.| Ask.
Alpha 05 07 Justice 14 1»
Alta 0: 06.Kentuck 04 Oo
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash 01 02
1 Belcher .16 37 Mexican . 52 53
I Best * Belcher. 61 62! Occidental 26 27
Bullion 07 09 Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 69 70 Overman 13 14
.hollar 42 44 Potosl 34 36
Challenge Con.. 36 8* Ravage 29 3'>
Confidence S3 84 Scorpion 03 04
Jon Cal & Va..l 75 1 M Iscg Belcher.... 06 07
"on Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 89 90
! Crown Point.... 22 23 Silver. Hill 02 04
I Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — '-'"
I Eureka Con — 50 Standard ... 270 —
1 Exchequer . — OS ! =»t Loul? — 10
! 'Jould & Curry. 33 34 Union Con 47 43
i Hale & Norcrs. 32 3:; Utah 15 16
j Julia — 0", 'Yellow Jacket.. 33 34
Sun, Moon and Tide.
« »
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
. thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hleh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the helcht of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9.
Sun rises 5At
Sun sets 6:27
Moon seta 8:24 p. m.
0 Time Time 'Time Time
g. Ft. 1 Ft. — — Ft. 1 Ft.
!» HW' 1. W HW _ Wl
9 ... 2:11 4.6 7:24) 2.0 1:40 5.51 8:301 0.4
10 ... 3:10 4.21 8:03 2.5 2:20 5.5 9:2« 0.3
11 ... 4:24, 4.0 8:55 2.9 3:051 5.6 10:30 0.2
12 ... 5:40 4.0 9:59 3.1 4:06! 5.5 11:35 0.2
13 ... 6:59 4.2 11:16 3.1 5:16' 5.4 !
L W H Wl 'I. W H W
14 ... 0:38 0.0 7:591 4.5' 12:85 3.0. 6:30 5.4
15 .. 1:36—0.1 8:451 4.8 1:40 2.7. 7:40 5.5
16 .. 2:29-0.1 9:2r, 5.1 2:391 _.l| 8:46, 5.6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean nf the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydmgraphic Of flee. V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September S, 1599.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building- was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. I. S. N., in charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Homer St. Michael 'Sep. 9
San Juan 'Panama Sep. 9
B. Hernster jCoquille River Sep. 9
Empire Coos Bay Sep. 9
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 9
Santa Rosa .San Diego.. Sep. 9
City of Rio J.. China and Japan Sep. 9
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 9
: Robt. AdamsoniNanaimo Sep. 10
| Pr->greoo Seattle Sep. 10
i Bertha St. Michael Sep. 11
Coos Bay Newport Sep. 11
Crescent City. . . Crescent City Sep. 11
i Washtenaw Tacoma... Sep. 11
Brunswick Oregon Ports Sep. 12
I A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Sep. 12
' State of Cal.... Portland Sep. 1*
Australia Honolulu Sep. 12
Weeott Humboldt Sep. 12
Miami 'Seattle Sep. 13
Corona San Diego Sep. 13
Areata Coos Bay !Sep. 13
North Fork Humboldt Sep. 14
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 14
Samoa (Humboldt Sep. 14
Point Arena... I Point Arena Sep. 13
Bonlta San Pedro Sep. 15
Columbia [Portland.. Sep. 17
TO SAIL.
SI earner. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
I North Fork. [Humboldt 'Sep. 9, 9 am Pier 2
! Bonita (Newport Sep. 9, 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..(Portland [Sep. 10. 10 am Pier 24
I Samoa [Humboldt Sep. 10, 10 am Pier 2
I Pomona ....[Humboldt [Sep. 11, 2 pm Pier 9
Point Arena Point Arena.. Sep. 11, 2 pm Pier 2
1 fcanta Rosa!San Diego 'Sep. 11, 11 am Pier 11
i Nip. China* Japan 12, 1 pm|PMSS
j Home-.- 1 Cape Nome... [Sep. 12 Pier 16
I A Blanch'd 'Oregon Ports. Sep. 13. 10 am Pier 13
I Coos Bay... Newport Sep. 18, 9 amlPier 11
Umatilla ...Vic & Pgt Sd. Sep. 13. 10 am Pier 9
Brunswick Oregon Ports. 'Sep. 14, 10 am, Pier -0
State Cal... Portland Sep. 15, 10 am Pier 24
Corona San Diego Sep. 15, 11 am'Pier 11
Areata 'Coos Bay !S»p. 15, 4 Pier 13
Weeott Humboldt Sep. 18, 2 pm Pier 13
! Snn Juan... Panama |S?p. IS, 12 m PMSS
, Queen |Vlc & Pgt Sd.'Sep. IS, 10 am Pier 9
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, September B.
Stmr Pan Juan, Brown days from Pana
ma and way ports.
Stmr Maule Sal, Medina, 14 days from. Aca
| jutla, via San Diego.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Aberdeen, Peterson, 22 hours from Eu
reka, bound to San Pedro; put In to land pas
sengers.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 20 hours from Bear
i Harbor.
I fc-tmr Sequoia. Larsen, 36 hours from Eureka.
] Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 17 hours from Fort
I Bra
j Stmr Scotia, Jacob*. 19 hours from Rockport.
i Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, SO hours from New
port (S), etc.  ';..'
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr South Coast, OHsen, 46 hours from Re
; domlo.
! Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. 106 hours from
Comox, via Oyster Harbor $2 hours.
Bark Will W Case, Swanson, 2S days from
Ucashik.
Bktn Irmcard. Schmidt, 19 days from Hono-
I lulu.
Brig W O Irwin, Williams, 23 days from
Honolulu.
Sehr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 52 hours fm
CYiqullle River.
Sehr Volante, Morrison, 4 days from Coquille
River. .:,■."
Bchr Premier, Wagner, 26 days from Bristol
Bay.
Schr Monterey, Knudsen, 66 hours from Coos
Bay.
Schr Daisy Row*, Wilson, B days from Coos
■ Bay.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Arff, 4 days from
I Coqullle River.
Schr Pioneer, Mikkelsen, 6 days from Coos
i Bay.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 24 hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday, September 8.
Stmr Acapulco, Cattarinich, Panama, etc; P
MSB Co.
Stmr Columbia, Dodson, Manila, via Hono
lulu; D R Government.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Co.
Stmr Bonita, N\lcolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. \
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co. _
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanaimo: John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
SAILED.
Friday, September 8.
Stm r Acapulco, Cattarinich, Panama and
way ports.
Stmr Navarro, Higgins, .
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefield, Tacoma.
Stmr Aberdeen, Peterson, San Pedro.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, Victoria and Port
Tov.-ns'?nd. - • V ; -■'
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard, Departure Bay.
Stmr Columbia, Dobson, Manila, via Hono
lulu. -
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Hinkle, Port Harford.
Stmr Fulton, Leviiwon, Trinidad.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Eureka.
Br ship Queen Margaret. Fraser. Antwerp.
Ger ship Elottbek, Shoemaker, Queenstown.
Bktn Portland, I.arsen. Tacoma.
Bktn Gardiner City, Schmehl, Willapa Har
bor.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Johannlssen. Stew
art? Point. '
Rchr Five Brothers, Jensen. Bihlers Point. ;
Schr Antelope, Anderson. Coquille River. -
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept -8, 10 p Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN. • ' .v
Sept 1, lat 46 N. lon 7 W— Br ship Lyderhorn,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco. ■ ■ .
Per Daisy Howe- 7, 10 a m. lat 39 41 N,
lon 124 21 W. saw a log raft which broke adrift
from stmr Czarina. '■/■-..'
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Point Arena— Stmr Czarina lost her
raft 20 miles off shore from Mendocino. She
was off Point Arena when we came by at 3
P m 7th inst.
Per Premier— Aug- 20, in Unimak Pa.<=.=. saw
bark Hunter, also a bark supposed to be the
Coryphene.
In port at Bristol Ray— Ships Indiana, Ori
ental and William H Macy; barks Merom "and
Nicholas Thayer, and schr Prosper. Bark
Coryphene sailed on Aug 14 for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept S— Bktn Klikl
tat. for Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrived Sept Haw
ship Euterpe, from Honolulu.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Sept S-Stmr
Alcazar, from Point Arena, and sailed for .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 7-Schr Lottie j
Carson, from Eureka.
Sailed Sent 8- Schr James Rolph, for Port I
Blakeley; achr Maggie C Russ, for Tillamook; i
schr Lizzie Vance, for Eureka.
VENTURA— Sept S— Stmr George
Ux>mlß, hence Sept 7; stmr San Pedro, from i
San Pedro.
Balled Sept S-Stmr George Loomis, for San !
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Sept 7-Bktn j
Quickstep, from Santa Rosalia; scht Wing and ,
Win*?, hence Aug 12.
Sailed Augr 7-Schr Idr McKay, for San
Francisco,
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept s— Stmr Pomona, for !
San Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro. !
PORT GAMBLE - Arrived Sept 8 — Bark
Fresno, hence Auz 21; schr NokoßQis, from
Port Townsend. ;-■-. ' - ■ ■■ '
POINT -ARENA— Sailed Sept S-Stmr Whites- j
boro, for .
PORT BLAKELEY— Sept B— Bark-
Northern Light, for .
PORT BLAKELEY -- Sailed Sept B— Bark !
Northern Light, for Newoort.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Sept Schr Mary C,
hence Sept 6.
EASTERN PORTS. •
NORFOLK— SaiIed Sept Ship Henry B
Hyde, for Honolulu.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Sept
7— Ship S P Hitchcock, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYMAS— Sept s— Schr Dauntless, i
for Grays Harbor.
COLON— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Allianca, from i
New York. ■ '
Sailed Sept 6— Br ship Royal Forth, for Ore- j
con. ./ . j ; '.••.• .-■■-
MANILA —Sailed Sept s— Stmr Pennsylvania, |
for San Francisco.
SINGAPORE— SaiIed Aug 6— Br stmr Flint
shire, for Oregon, via China and Japan.
VANCOUVER — Arrived Sept 8— Br ■ stmr
Warrimoo. from Sydney.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Sept 8-Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from Hamburg', via Southampton,
i for New York. '
OCEAN TRAVEL,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
ftw . Steamers leave Broadway
¥iwtO!W wharf, San Francisco.
lIjSWMSK. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
i BRSJRSPBK September 3. S. 13, 18, 23, 28.
iSSKffifll^Es! October 3, change at Seattle.
I JSSSvH&'tt »&a 01 " Victoria, Vancouver (B.
tfißuK^Sßl C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
f^^&W^k\ Tnooma. Everett, Anacort>'«
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. September 3, 8, 13, 18.
23 2S October 3, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ky.: at Tacoma to N.
P Rv • at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For" Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Sep-
tember 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26. October 1. and every
•For day thereafter. Monterey San Simeon,
•For Santa Cruz. Monterey San Simeon.
Cavueos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
■ Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
' San Pedro. East San P»dro (Los Angeles) and
' Newport. 9 a. m.. September 1. B. 9. 13. 17. 21.
i K. 29. October 3. and every fourth day there-
| a For' San ' Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santn. Barbara, Port
Lcs Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
! m . September 3. 7. 11. 15, 15. 23. 27. October 1.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d«>l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain fo!c>r.
The company reserves the right tc change
without. previous notice steamers, vnl'.m* date«
ar<l hours' of *p|Un*.
TICKET OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOPALL, PF.RKIXR & CO.. ««n. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
m 9. R. & H. Co.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:po:r,t:l, A. isT D
From Snear-street Wharf at 1C a. m.
CIQC SI2 First Class Including Bert»
IAIIL $8 Second Clas ; and Meals.
i STATE OF CALIFORNIA «alls
Sept.  15, 25; Oct. 5. 15. 25
: COLUMBIA sails. .Sept. li !, ?0, 30; Oct. 10, 20. 30
Short line to Walla 'Walla. Spokane. Butte.
i Helena and all points In the Northwest.
1 Through tickets to nil point* East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Sept. 201 St. Louis Oct. 11
St. Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. IS
New York Oct. 4 New York Oct. 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Sept. 20 Southwark Oct. 11
Nordland Sept. 27 Westernland Oct. 18
i Friesland Oct. 4'Kensington Oct. 25
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Da-.vson Clt-v.
1 For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
: INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, Ip. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
. India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
j of sailing.
NIPPON MART* Tuesday, September 12
i AMERICA MARU Friday. October 6
: HONGKONG MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
I freight and passage apply at company's office,
i 421 Market St.. cor. First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
@i3fiPM§iißS Tne for - Australia
iSpSeSIIS Pa - ll!i fi>r Hon ° iu i<"
y™^— -^ ber 20, at" 2 p.' m. 0 "
(VCA:«^ vla - s Honolulu and
oMrJmSn [)«-* vla Honolulu and
CyiHjIIUIIIU Auckland for Sydney
{OfTiPTin/J^ Wednesday, October
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
| Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
I England, etc.: ?610 first class.
i i. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Ants.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Oiflce. 327 Market St.
COMPAQNIE GENERALE TRANBATLANTIQTJE.
I DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .e^^a-.
< Sailing Every Saturday at 10 a. m. 4fTjJ"f»V
i from Pier 42, North River, foot of »•■< W *
Morton st. LA GABCOGNE. Sept. 16; L\
BRETAGNE, Sept. 23: LA TOURAINE. Sept
30; LA NOKMANDIE, Oct. 7: LA CHAM-
PAGNE, Oct. 14. First-class to Havre, 165 and
upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip. !
Second-class to Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR j
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson "building). New York. J. F. FtT-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgom-
ery aye:.. San Francisco. -'
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
| a. m., 3:15, S:3O p. m. (ex. .Thurs. night), Fri- !
' days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:3.0 a. m.. S !
I p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
I Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 60c
I■ — .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT,
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
.TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
KATES. , . ,-;,.-.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. S2S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J Street
SAN JOSE OFFICE, J W. Santa Clara Street.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHKttS PACIFIC COMPAHt*
(PACIFIC SYSTBM.)
" UI FKAMtISi«O.
(Main Line, Foot of -Market Street)
leave — From Audist 2. 1599. — abrivi
7:00 a Bcnlcla, Suißnn and Sacramonto.... B:-*5f
7:OOa MarysTillo. OroTlUeaud Uedding via
Woodland •• J««r
7:O(»a Elmlra. Vacavillo and Rnicsey 8:50*
7:3" Martiue:, San Vallejo. Napa,
fali-togasu.l Santa Kosa 5 : !* p
8:OOa Atlantic Jiiprefs. Ocilcn oud Last.. 9:134
«iUOa San .lose, Limmore. Ktocktpu,
love, Sacrameuto,. Placcrrllle,
MarysTlllc. <;hico. Red Uluff ««IBp
«:3<>a *:iilton, Oakdaloand ."onora ' «tl»p
B:3Ua Yosemtte Valley via Oakdale and
Chiaesa .? : i? F
9:00 a Eaywards, Niks and Way Stations. l:»-*«> 4
9:00 a Martinez, Tnvcy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno wilo»
S:OOa Fresno, Itakcrslieiil Santa liarliara.
Lea ADg! lea, Dealing, Xl Paso,
New Orleans and East »:4op
10:OOa Valiejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:4-»p
1 1 :00a Haywards, N:lea and Way Stations. 8:43 r
I 2:00 m Niles, I.ivermore. htockton, Sacra-
mer:to, Mondota, Uanfnrd, Viaalia,
Pcrterrllie 4:15r
•l:OOp Sacramento HiferSte!\nier« »8:00p
»:OOp HajTrnds. Kilt* and Way Stations. 0:43p
•«:ii<>r Mnr;inc7, Ken lUtr.On, Vallejo,
Na;>i, v.'ali»(^)ga. S.inta llosa 0:18*
4:OOr Benicia, VacaTiUo. Hacrauiento, .
Woodland, Knight* Lan<llnK,
Marjsvllle, Orotilie 1O:4»a
4:30p Nlies, .10.-ieaiiil Stockton 7:13p
4:30p Yotemito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15*
O<OOpTho Owl. Tracy, Frctao. Bakera-
■ • " tield, Baugiis for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles »:40A
5:BOp Stockton, Merced. Fresno iails»
0:3 Or Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
.M<!]ar» end I .on Anselea 8:43 a
o>awp Santa Fe lloute, Atlautio Express
for Mo]ave and F.ftst Bi4Sf
6>oop Cb!cago-Sau Francu;co Special, OgiU'ii -
and Kast 8:50*
C:OOp nay wards, NileßardSan Jose 7:4J>a
•B:OOp Vallejo 1 Sil
|7:0 Op Vallejo. Port Cost* and Way Sta-
tion* 19:33*
$:03r Oregon Bxpreas,NacralnentOi Marys-
Title, lie. l, lint,-, rortiami, L'ngeb -
Wound mid IQiist 8«13A
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
. (Foot of Market Street.)
~(Ti4Sa Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal \Vp,y Stations JBiOs»
. 8:15 a NeW3Jrk,C'entc'rviili?,ban.lo3o,Fclton, .
Bon!derCreek,.SantaC-.-uzandW ay
Btatioos Bi3op
•■tlßp Newark, CeoterTille, Ban Jose, New
Aimadeu. Felton, Jioulder Creek,
Santa Cmz and Principal Way
Stations »10:3Ca
4ilSp San Jose, Glenwocd and Way Sta-
tions 9:30*
M: I Felton, Santa Cruz and Way bta-
tiops /0:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SiS RliiClSCO— root of Ucrktt Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a. M. tl:03 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 tS:CO '6:03 i-.M.
/r»m OAKUMD— foaI of Broad «■»;.— "6:00 8:0» • 10:00i.u.
| tI2:CO »l:00 >3:GO "3:03 tt:CO «S:OQp.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge), r
(Third and Townaend St«.)
•6:1 Ocean View, South Ban l'rancipco.. *6:30p
*7:OOa Bau Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadon Wednesdays only) *8:00 a.
J7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove and Principal Way
Stations XB:B3p
•:00a San Jose. Ties Pinos, Bnnta Cruz,
Paciiic Grove. Paso Robles, Kan
Luia Oblspo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Rations 4:lOp
I«:4Oa San .lose and Way Stations ........ «:35 a
1 1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations liSOr
•Bi4sp San Mateo. Ktdwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .less,
Hollister. Bauta Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacilio Grove *10:SbA
•»::jop Ban Jo;?, Santa Cruz, Pacific. Grove
and Principal Way Stations «7:80p
•4:13p San Joseaud Principal Way Stations O:-1.V\
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "B:3^.*
5:301' Ran Jose and Principal Way Stations "0:00 a
O::tOp San Joseaud WayStatloua 5::«0p
tll:4Sr San Joßennri Way Stations t7:3op
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
•Sunday weapted. I Sunday only. t Saturday only.
bSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33,
3:80, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:80. 11:00 ft. m.; 1:30. 3:80.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
8:40, S:l6 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
! 1:68 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40. 6:03.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
■ame schedule as above.
Leave ' : •'■■ : ' r - Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
- April 16, .
Week Sun- 1599. ' Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am S:ooam Novato, [10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa Kusa. 7:35 pru 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg 1 ,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:30 pm 3:00 am Gloverdale, 7:33 pm 6:20 ptn
7:30 am I Hopland and 10:23 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. j 7:35 pm 6:20 pa
7:30 ami 10:25 am
j 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
11:30 pm( 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sonoma .10:40 am 8:40 am
and 1
5:10 pmt 5:00 pm' Glen Ellen. i 6:03 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am 1 Sebastopol. 10;40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm| ! 7:36 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring's and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for I.ytton Spring; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; &t Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Spring's, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Rlversld*, Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville.
Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Kavarro, Whitesboro. Albion. Little River,
On'? Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg-,
W-estport, Usal. V/illitts. Laytonville, Cum«
mlng'g. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, uyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points -
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, ("."0 Market St., Chronicle bids;,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vis Satualito Ferry.
Commencing September 1, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *S:0". 9:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 1:00 5:15 '6:00. 6:30 p. m. ■ ■' :-.'.y
EXTRA TRIPS Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. »9:00, '10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00. *1:46, *2:30, '4:00, 5:30, 6.45 p. m.
11:00 a. 111 does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, •6:40, 7:55, 8:40, »10::0
a. m.: 12:30, 2:1 '3:40. • 85, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:CO, *S:00. '■•:'. '10:45, •114". "
a. m. ; 1:00. 2:20, '3:30, '": I .'. '6:00. 7:00, 10:15 >
p. m.
Trains mnrked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, fi:so. 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m.: 12:85, 2:45, 1:55, 5:20 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00, 11:10 a. m. 12:05,
l; 20, 2:40, 3:55, 5:30 6:30. 10:20 p. m. :
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero, and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way Bta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1559, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. I Mixed. Passen-
ger. - Sunday ' Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptdl Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
J:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra .
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
13:3 Sam 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pra
1:25 pm 12:30 am Bakergfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am I:2J pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate point.-i as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Department. 821 Market st.,
San Franclsoo. ■ -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
ttuvc ban Francisco, via tiausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1599.
WEEK DAYS. 3:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11: M '
p. m. • r\;<
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:3* ■
and 4 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 4*.
; THOS COOK & SON. Acts.. 621 Market st
Weekly $1.00 per Year
1314
SAN MATEO FIGHTING
A MOB OF GAMBLERS
Coinia Aroused in Opposition to
the Incorporation.
People of the County Denounce the Scheme of ihe As=
sociated Pests as an Unparalleled Outrage Which
Will Be Bitterly Resisted.
A battle royal 1s on In San Mateo
County. Decent citizens of every class,
merchants, professional men, artisans,
men of families and of homes, are ar-
Inst the horde of blacklegs,
thieves, scoundrels and gamblers who
are preparing to cross from this city.
seize the little town of Colma, incor
porate it and conduct it as a city of
vice and gambling.
The agitation which this craftily
planned scheme has aroused is without
parallel in San Mateo County. From
t the county to the other ve
il pri tests are being made. San
Mateo's people do not wish the visita
tion of evil that r-.ans to San Fran
auring the raid of the Inglesida
•r. , ,-. C ord of crime and
nor, of violence and death, of
...•n! scenes and riotous living, is
too fresh for the people of San Mateo
to have one of their own. They have
united, therefore, to aid the people of
Colma in fighting the rascals who are
g literally to buy a town. and.
ye of their own making, do as
■. Icious purposes dictate.
The struggle has now reached a crit
ical stage. The thieves and social out
casts who ply their trade under the
mask of gambling have be-n driven
3an Francisco, Waving behind
them a trail that sweeps through the
and int.' the Morgue. They have
■ from pillar to post and will
have to leave Sausalito. In des
tion they have turned toward San
o, which is within easy access of
:s men and depraved women. The
• be made the dump
: f( r this human refuse, even
if 11 must be bought in the votes
son.
The people of Colma ar.^ loud in their
There is not a reputable oi
Ltive man in the town who i>
nt opposition to the pro
: in< O] poration. Time after time
have been voiced, but
they have been to no purpose. Tin
gamblers bring with them a mob
ruffians, who call meet
rightful citizens in
sentiments which
are in direct opposition to tl "se In
ma that v.tlu.- their homes, their fami
roperty.
These interlopers have called meet
ings ostensibly to obtain the sentiment
pie of the town on Incorpora
tion. The citizens of the town have not
attended because they knew that they
would have no voice in the matte:.
They have tried in other quj ters 1
relief and that is why all San M
.Is to help them. The garni
will hold another meeting to-night and
repeat their former outrage. They
wish Biir.ply to cheat the Supervisors
a belief that Colma wants in
■ ration, but they will fail in theii
6Ch< :
Thi ma do not want In
corporation. With the rights of In
onditions Dre
. bring moral pollu
tion to their very doors. They would
their children in daily dangi
di S g .-. They would ■
ruled ■ imblers and parasites of
;. would have added to
their county tax :i town tax and would
od in return. Thes
intend to light
bitterly against it. If the gamblers
out their plan th>-y will draft t<>
night i ■-' ' asking the Super-
San Mateo to call a bdi
to permit the people of <
to vote "ii the question of Incorporation,
Unless the Supervisors meet in soe
lession they will not vote on \h\<
; .. until the third Monday ol
this month. When they do vote upon
it they will know absolutely that ii
is a shameful scheme of ga
■ i thieves and
not an honest request of th<
people of Colma, Thej will know
■ •• ■ mphatlcallj
-.■■l to the ••■ and are fighting
trately against it. With this
knowledge the Supervisors of San Ma
teo can have but one '-nurse.
Th-- history of the outrageous F'-hemf
to niak-' a gambling hell out of this lit -
t ] . - town begins with tho San Fran
legislation against the evil ol
gambling. When th<' gamblers wer<
driven out of this city some <>f them
r the protecting wing of Chrlf
Buckley, went to Sausalito and create*
a. little monoply of their own. shuttins
cut several of their own ilisayrreeabl<
tribe. The defeated ones went to Sai.
Mateo County and erected a eramblini:
pavilion, but Buckley had sufficient in
fGOKS ■
¥ IN
tores; I
B ll U i) v^ V^y-' 1 fag
jHMUTES
' - thVM,
it, v .^^^BSS^SBBS^BtimXr
1 - „„,,,.,., ,-,.|lhiM,
JJy S mZm
11 mi ifcniiriMHifmiL
fluence to induce the Supervisors of San
Mateo to adopt a resolution prohibiting
gambling on horse races, except within
a racing inclosure, In the county.
This victory has now proved to be a
boomerang for Buckley and his follow
ers now want to do the very thing
which they prevented the other gamb
lens from doing. In the face of impend
ing disaster to all their interests they
have united and have secured control
of tha new coursing park near Colma.
The land is owned by John D. Daly and
ex-Sheriff Kenney. They have leased
it to Henry Schwartz, who has as
sociated with him Chris Buckley. Billy
Harrison, Sam Newman and K. E. de
B. Lopez.
These men do not want the park for
coursing, except as a blind. They want
it simply as a gambling hell for wagers
on the Eastern races. They want it as
an establishment for all sorts of gamb
ling, but under the law of San Mateo
they cannot use it for that purpose.
When Henry Schwartz wanted to erect
a gambling pavilion in San Mateo
County he offered to pay a license of
$3000 a year. Now he has a coursing
park with $600 a year license and the
law's barrier.
Buckley's fertile brain reasoned that
there was but one way out of the dif
ficulty and that was to incorporate
Colma as a town of the fifth class, giv
ing it all the rights of gambling. So
the plan was hatched. Touts were sent
to Colma to encourage the scheme and
to delude the citizens into its accept
ance. It was said that after the lit
tle town was incorporated a revenue of
between $30,000 and $40,000 would flow
into its coffers. The promoters of the
scheme did not say, however, that this
sum would be handled by officers
chosen and controlled by the gamblers.
They showed how every carriage pass
ing through the town could be com
pelled to pay a tax of $6 a year, but
they did not show that this tax would
be filtered into the hands of extrava- I
gant town officers.
But the people of the town of Colma i
.vere not deceived. They refused to
ittend the first meeting which the touts
lad arranged. Colma's citizens knew
:hat they would have no voice in the i
meeting and even if they did they ,
A-ould have no material part to play in
:he proposed election. They knew that
the floating vote of employes at the
c-emeteries and a mob of roustabouts
would be imported to carry the
-amblers into power. The little town
vvould be absolutely at the mercy of the i
•ascals from San Francisco.
Notwithstanding 1 the opposition of the :
leopie of Colma the gamblers are de
ermined to win. They have taken the
natter into their own hands entirely
since the citizens of Colma could not be
leludod into co-operation and to-night
hey propose to ask the Supervisors for
he privilege of a special election. The
iroposed area of the gamblers' town
a ill be between Holy Cross Cemetery
md the ocean and the northern line of
he county. If the Supervisors permit
he election to be held they will do so
i gainst the earnest protest of every de
•nt element in the entire county.
Fheir action will be the official inaugu
ration of a reign of crime, degradation
Hid death in San Mateo County.
»
IN BITTER PROTEST.
citizens ol isan Mateo Denounce
the Outrageous Scheme in
Unmeasured Terms.
REDWOOD city. Sept. B.— Chris Buck
ley, the "blind white devil," and his
henchmen will not get through his scheme
for the incorporation of Colma and the
loading up of San Mateo County with all
. imbler? and thugs that other coun
ties have unloaded, if the opinion of the
people of San Mateo County can influence
the Board of Supervisors. "Damnable,"
said niie prominent citizen of Redwood
City to-day.
"What is too bad for San Francisco,"
said Rev. Father Conlan of the Catholic
church, with fine sarcasm, "surely can
not be good enough for San Mateo Coun
ty. Incorporate Colma and so put tho
gamblers into power? It is outrageous!"
"1 wish," said Rev. Mr. Maar of the
Congregational church, "that thoro could
be some neutral place like the midd!.- ol
the sea, where these gamblers coul.i be
taken to and dumped in all together. It
would be infamous for the Supervisors of
this county to act in any way that can
help the gamblers to locate themselves in
our county to commit their nefarious acts.
1 do not believe that they will dare to do
it."
Still, there Is a feeling manifested gen
erally of apprehension, of fear that the
Hoard of Supervisory may aid in the In
corporation of Colma; and there are no
two opinions concerning the purpose of
the proposed incorporation, which is sole
ly to give the gambl-rs who have been
driven out of the. other counties around
the bay full swing in this county. There
are no members of the Board of Super
visors residing here. The full list of
mnmliers of the board and their resi
.:■ es are herewith given, and It may je
well for the public to bear the list in
memory:
P. H. McEvoy. Menlo Park; J. H. Cole
mun, San Mateo; Howard Q. Tllton
Baden; Joseph Debenedetti, Halfmoon
Bay; John McCormack, Pescadero.
Intll they can be personally reached
which Is not possible to-night, it cannot
)..■ said how they will stand on this very
important matter.
Scores of representative citizens of Red- 1
WOOd City were interviewed to-day. Not
one waf found who would say that he
thought ttyat it would be a good thing to
Intrench the gamblers at Coima by the
dodge of incorporation. One or two were
found who said that perhaps the people
Ol Colma were the best Judges of their
own interest in the matter of incorpora
tion. They did not know or wholly ig
nored the fact that if incorporation could
be brought about. Buckley, Schwartz
Harrison and their gang would surely
own the trustees and license all the
gambling games. Not one of these who
said that perhaps Colma could best judge
I for Itself was willing to go on record to
! say that it would be a good thing to have
gamblfrs and blacklegs in control of one
end of the county. Every one recognized
the fact that there was danger.
One of the beat Interviews had by The
! Call's representative with leading citizens
! was with Rev. Father John Q-. Conlan
"l have heard of this move to have
Colma incorporated. If I were not 111 I
•would be out agitating against it. My
opinion goes with that of all the good
people of San Mateo County against
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1599.
WHY MARK THALL
WONT GO TO PARIS
| -■ r ARK THALL and Fred Belaseo
' l\/l have been shaking dice. Al
* I VI though to those who know
', -L"-i- the gentlemen in question this
may not seem a very surprising state
• ment, there are circumstances sur
? rounding this particular episode which
% add to it a special flavor of Interest.
► In the first place, both the actors In
$ the little drama, though ea.cn is gifted
► with a vivid imagination, tell the
8 same story regarding It; and in the
> second place, the result means that
' Fred Belasco Is to take a glorious trip
1 to Paris, revel in the delights of the
jj* exposition and, visiting London on his
j way bark, bring home .with him a
> quartet of English dramatic lights to
add luster to the Alcazar stock com
pany.
The shaking of the dice was Belas
co's own idea. It was he who evolved
the dual plan of business and pleasure
and proposed It to Thall, who, being
ordinarily the traveling member of
the firm, assented to it with alacrity.
"It Is an excellent Idea." he said,
"and I will bring home some actors
who will make the Alcazar falrly
scintillate. likewise. I will bring you
a necktie from Paris, Fred, picked
out with an eye single to your own
peculiar but irresistible style of
beauty."
"I prefer to buy my own neckties,
returned Belasco, with acerbity, "and
besides vou'vo already been to New
York. It's my turn tn travel now,
and I'm willing to sacrifice myself for
the good of the theater and endure all
the miseries of mal de mer while you
are safe and happy right here at
home."
"1 ain't homesick." declared Mark,
tersely. "Maybe you think you can
play <">ff my trip to that superheated
furnace of a great metropolis as a
picnic, but you can't. That was a
first installment of purgatory, and
now I want something different. The
theater pays the bills, so it can't mat
ter to you; and I'm the walking dele
gate of this association, anyway."
The dispute waxed so loud that peo
ple on the outside thought Belasco
was training a new soubrette, but
Anally a bright idea occurred to the
proposer of the expedition.
"Say. Mark." lie suggested, "don't
let's quarrel about a measly thing like
a trip to Paris— let's shake for the
"All right." returned Thall, who is
usually particularly fortunate when
he and Belasco go out together and
shake for icecream sodas, root beer,
ginger ale, pink lemonade and such
things; and so the two got the "mus
cot" die which has long been pre
served among their valuable curios
and proceeded to settle the matter
then and there. Each was to throw
the die twelve times in succession,
and the one who camo out ahead on
the dozen throws should be the one to
make the pilgrimage to Paris.
Thall confident of victory, started
the game and threw four, three, .sir
and Four in rapid succession.
"Telephone down to the trunk fac
tory and order the finest kind of a
sole-leather trunk." he said to the In
terested subordinate who was watcn
i] E the name, "and have the letters
M. T. put on it artistically in several
P The next throw was a deuce, then
-ambling, and as the incorporation of
'nlm-i is only a means to the end of
inKlnahorde of gambling games
anon us I am most decidedly opposed to
he scheme of incorporation. Of course
[have heard It Bald that the people of
•olmar.ro the best judges of what affects
hemselves but that consideration all dls
ippTars when It Is clear that .the encour
agement of gambling and the estaWish-
Sent of gambling games Is the real end
n view The Call is unquestionably right
m that point and is doing a good work
[know that the scheme is on foot for I
lave heard of it before. ,«,««
Deputy Coroner Claude Fox said that
there was no question that giving the
ramblers what they seek at Colma,
trough the trick of incorporation, would
I arm San Mateo County. No good could
"ome of it. Some more business might be
made for the Coroner, but that was not
what is sought for by the public. He Is
strongly opposed to incorporation.
Dr J I-< Ross, president of the Bank
of San Mateo County, said that he could
not favor any move that would lead to
the establishment of gambling games.
lia does not oppose legitimate horse rac
ing He had no doubt that a victory for
the gamblers at Colma would have a bad
effect The Colma movement surely would
not be favored by the good people of
San Mate.) County.
John Glcnnon. harness maker said: I
know that it .has been Bald that San
Mateo County has been slow. I am not
n favor of progress (?) of the sort pro
nosed by the gamblers and their follow
ers Ido not think there is any one in
Redwood City who will favor the
SC "There is this about It." said Judge
Hannon, and all honest people in Colma
who pay taxes will find food for reflec-
on in considering his words, "the people
up there ■ will . have to pay much larger
taxes If incorporation goes through. They
will still have the State and county taxes
to pay and also a town tax: to that
would also have to be added the expense
of paving local officials." Judge Hannon
was one of the very. few who expressed
the opinion that Colma people were the
best ones to settle what they would do.
Rev Mr Maar of the Redwood Con
gregational church did not  harbor any
delusion that the honest people of Colma
reaJlv desire to be saddled with the bur
den of gambling games. He was satisfied
that the gamblers were . back of the
scheme on foot. "I wish there was some
neutral place." said the Rev. Mr. Maar
"where gamblers could be taken out and
dropped into the middle of the sea. Ttou
need have no doubt where I stand. The
gamblers should not be allowed to get
'"it i?°rs»iied as a matter of history at
this point that when the gamblers were
running some games in San Mateo County
something more than a year ago Rev.
Mr?Maarand Rev. Mr. Hester the pastor
of the Methodist church of Redwood, pre
sented a petition asking that the pest
should be abated. That was not the pres
ent but the preceding Board of Supervi
sors The evil was then in a much less
aggravated shape than is now threatened
Nevertheless, only two members stood
squarely up for the suppression of the
evil at first; two others hung back but
came in. But the representative of « olma
would not vote. The petition had quite a
list of names attached to it. but nothing
like what could have been secured with a
little longer time. •
Here are some extracts from the peti
tion which have their significance once
more as showing the attitude of the good
t.eoDle of this section concerning the es
tablishment of gambling In the county:
'•In and near Colma. in the county of
San Mateo there is at present maintained
and conducted the lowest and most vicious
form of gambling, known as 'pool-selling
on foreign horse races': that these so
called 'pool sellers' conduct establish
ments where men, women and children are
enticed In to gamble in small amounts on
horse races tnat are supposed to be de
cided in Eastern cities.
"These poolrooms are the primary
an ace, and Belasco began to sit up
and take notice. Then came a four,
then another four, and Belasco rolled
his eyes heavenward toward the pic
tures of the stage beauties which
adorn the managerial waJls, and
steeled his heart to suffer. An ace
followed, and Belasco smiled again,
but stopped abruptly when a five
stared him out of countenance.
"What kind of a necktie would you
really prefer, Fred 9 " asked Mark,
kindly, but he desisted from his in
quiries when an ace marie Its unwel
come appearance, closely followed by
a deuce. In all he had" made thirty
seven, and Fred started in on his star
engagement with a trepidation which
he valiantly concealed.
"Now watch me." he said courage
ously, "and I'll give you pointers how
to play this little game"; and then he
showed up a five, six. deuce and four,
one after the other.
"Say, Bob," he said to the lone spec
tator, "just telephone down to that
factory again and get 'em to change
those initials on that trunk to F. 8.,
and add a grip and a dress-suit case
to the order for luck."
"Don't hurry. Bob." interposed
Mark as an ace and two trays ap
peared; "let my order stand with
Fred's additions, and send to my
tailor to start in on the swellest
steamer togs he ever dreamed of."
Another ace and a deuce met Be
lasoo's disgusted eyes, then an Inad
equate and apologetic tray. Ten of
those dozen throws were gone, and he
was seven behind the smiling and
confident Mark.
"Be particular to feed the cats
while I am away, Fred," continued
the prospective winner; "the white
one can't eat anything hut raw liver,
you know, because he's delicate; and
the other — "
"Bother take your cats!" interrupt
ed Belasco. "Say. Mark"—lngratiat
ingly—"l'm sure to beat you, anyway,
for I've only eight to make; but to
save your feelings I'll give you $100
and call It square."
"What's $10fi to a trip to the exposi
tion with all the expenses paid?' re
turned Mark. "I'm satisfied with the
show I'm getting; go ahead."
"Five twenties," pleaded Belasco—
"nice, new shiny ones, just from the
mint. I'll see to It personally; 'pon
my word I will."
"Go ahead!" commanded Thall in-
exorably, blindly trusting fickle for- 4
tune. "I'll get more than $100 worth
of fun on my trip just thinking how «
you are enjoying my good luck. <.•
Hurry up, Fred." a'
Fred hurried obediently, and turned m
up a trey. Mark fairly crowed. 4
•Everybody who is anybody is going ~
to the exposition." he declared! 'v •
shall cross the continent In a private ♦
car filled with flowers, and all the Al- S8
cazar company will go to the station ♦
to bid me farewell." r»
Belasco made no reply, but gathered \
himself for a linal effort. Once, twice c»
he raised his hand above the table •
and then tossed the fateful cube. *
"I guess I'll cancel all those other *"
dates, Mark." he said quietly the next ♦
instant, "for I've concluded to star by i*
my lonely and make my season iii ♦
fashion's giddy capital. That hundred ;»
you didn't want, my hoy. will help +
me out wonderfully In extras." <•
And for once in his life Thai] had \
no retort ready, for the number his f .
lucky partner had turned was— six' •?
schools wherein young boys are trained
in vicious and immoral practices, the In
evi table result of which is that in a few
years the Innocent youth is graduated a
hardened criminal, who, disgraced and
dishonest, an outcast of society, is ban
-1 -in tf l°, tftte Prison, a convicted felon.
1 ho Followers uf the noolrooms are the
vicious, the weak and the immoral and
they contaminate where they are tol
erated.
"The city of Kan Francisco, considering
poolrooms ulcerous .sores, which were
spreading contamination throughout the
city, and the good citizens, encouraged by
the pulpit and the press, soon had pro
hibitory legislation passed which ban
isned them from the confines of the city
and county. It seems that tho evil which
San Francisco forbade i* now finding en
couragement In San Mateo County which
has always been considered socially the
first county In tho State."
The final clause of that petition, which
was approved by a former Board of Su
pervisors 01 San Mateo County serves
well for the present occasion to express
public sentiment here, which the present
Board of Supervisors must heed, and it is
therefore given in full as follows:
"We believe that you, gentlemen, con
scious of your duty and the trust reposed
in yon, will sustain our protest against
San Mateo County being made the dump
ing ground of the State for all the evil
that the State contains, and will perma
nently prohibit all gambling on horse rac-
Intr or evils of liko nature."
That Is the essence of public opinion
hero, compact and direct.
The petition was read In two churches.
The people signed it. Then the two cler
gymen before named, Rev. Mr. Maar and
Rev. Mr. Hester, appeared before the
Board of Supervisors and added burning
words of protest orally to the protesta
tions made In writing.
The Board of Supervisors will not meet
again until the third Monday in Septem
ber. A mooting was held last Tuesday,
but the I'oima matter was not then
brought tip. It Is not certain when Buck
ley and his pals will see fit to put the
matter to a vote before che Supervisors.
The shape in which the proposition will
be put Is a petition asking tho Supervisors
to call a special election at Colma, a dis
trict of which tho boundaries are a lint-
between Holy Cross Cemetery and th<>
ocean, and from there to the northern
county line, on incorporation. No petition
for the special election has yet been filed
SAN MATEO'S GREAT BURDEN.
Rev. Dr. W. W. Case Calls Upon the
People of the County to
Defend Themselves.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. S.— Dr. W. W.
Pfi.se, presiding elder of the San Francisco
district of the California Conference, nt
seen to-night by a Call representative in
regard to a statement he made in the an
nual report of his district to the confer
ence that Pan Mateo County was fast
becoming the dumping ground fur San
Francisco's vice. He said: "I cannot
sp'-alt with authority on any special case.
but it is certainly a fact that everything
that is too vile for San Francisco to
Stomach is pushed over the line into San
Mateo County, and vice that cannot ob
tain license In the city flourishes on the
other side of the line, where our young
men are being debauched and ouf young
women are spending their money in gam
bling and vice. Vice that was run out of
Ingleside is allowed in San Mateo County,
and though I do not know anything of
licensing racetracks. I have heard rumors
that such is the case, and I do know of a
large coursing park now being built there
which will only be another place for
wickedness to flourish.
Trespassing on the Forest.
P. Beaudeant pleaded guilty yesterday
morning in the United States District
Court to a charge of pasturing sheep cr>
the Stanislaus forest reserve. He will be
Bei;t€nced on Monday.
ITALIAN SCHOOL
IS DIVIDED BY A
PEDAGOGIC ROW
Old Teacher Starts a
Rival Class.
The board of directors that controls the
destinies of the Italian Government
School hcis dismissed from its staff Mrs.
I Margherita Mosca, who for nine years
officiated as principal of the institution.
As a direct result of the dismissal the
school mourns the loss of over one hun
dred pay pupils, while the Italian colony
lM,;,sts another school established under
the direction of the discharged instructor.
The Italian school flourishes after the
regulation daily school hours in the Le
Coiite Primary School building on Powell
street, between Jackson and Washington.
I An annuity of $bw provided by the Italian
I Government sutftces to cover the regular
I expenses of the school, which up to sev
| eral weeks ago was presided over oy a
principal and a staff of three teachers.
Now the newly elected president of the
board. G. Almagia, adds to his many du
ties that of principal, and the staff has
pained in the addition of a new teacher.
The fact that the board of directors rec
j ognized the old saying that "teachers are
j born, not made" is accountable for the
whole trouble in the Italian school.
Mrs. Mosca is a graduate of a renowned
Italian university. Mrs. Theretse Ghl
; bandl does not even possess a teacher's
I certificate. However, the result of Mrs.
| Ghibandi's labors has been so won
drously satisfactory that the__ilirectors
suw fit to conipiend her above the princi
pal. When the board began to eompli
nit nt the work of Mrs. Ghibandi Mrs.
Mosca began to find fault with the lady,
! and the result was a series of petty rows
: thru became so offensive to the directors
that Mrs. Mosca's dismissal was ordered.
When Mrs. Mosca found herself school
lf-ss she looked around for other worlds to
conquer and decided to establish a rival
Italian school in Washington-square Hall
in the Bersaglieri building on Stockton
street. No charge for tuition is demanded
at the Government School, and a monthly
I foe is optional. Mrs. Mosca fixed the tui
tion at her school at 50 cents per month.
One hundred of her old pupils joined the
school of the dismissed teacher and the
1 result is the Mosca School has all the pay
: pupils, the Government school 150 pupils
that enjoy the generosity of the good
Italian King. When Mrs, Mosca was re
nioved from the Government School Mrs.
Julfa Bossi. who hnd been dismissed by
1 the lady, was reinstated, and she, with
Mrs Therese Ghibandi. the innocent cause
of all the trouble; Miss Catherine Bonglo
vanni. and Mrs. M. Marza, now consti
tutes the entire staff of the school. The
board of directors of the Government
School are: G. Almngia. A. L. Bacigalupi,
! S. Paganini. G. Ertola, G. B. Cavaglia, U
• Torre, A. Ferromarlaro. E. Scodr-letti. N.
: Ferropgiaro. <;. Grondona, J* Ratto. T?.
i Mache, R. Maestrettl and V. W. Monti
: and G. Chlappari.
The Wasp.
This week's "Wasp is particularly I
bright and interesting. The illustra
tions of the return of the Idaho volun
! teers, Filipino scenes and colors of
North Dakota troops are singularly
apt, besides being specimens of high
clasa work in photo-engraving. Crisp
theatrical and musical reviews, able j
financial column, humorous skits and
! cartoons make up what is without
! doubt the best weekly issued in San
' Francisco.
WHERE CANDIDATES
MUST TAKE ORDERS
GAVIN McNAB IN THE MILLS
BUILDING THE MAN TO SEE.
When the delegates to the Democratic
I Nominating Convention were chosen there
was great rejoicing over the announce
ment that independent, untrammeled anti
boss citizens would take the reins of the j
party and nominate a clean ticket. At
the organization of the convention anti
: boss declarations were greeted with ap
plause.. When the applause subsided the ;
delegates meekly accepted the typewrit- j
; ten programme prepared by Gavin Me-
Nab and adjourned to the call of the j
chairman.
There lias been no session of the nomin- j
ating body since the adjournment three |
weeks ago, but the work of preparing a I
Democratic ticket has been going right j
along all the time at the Mills building
Without the assistance of delegates. The
clever programme which Boss McNab
prepared practically takes the selection of
candidates for Supervisors from the dele
gates and transfers the duty to a com
mittee of seven.
It must be clear by this time to the
boss-ridden Democratic Convention that j
Gavin McNab and Mayor Phelan sug
gested to Jasper McDonald the propriety
of appointing K. V. Whiting, John F. '■
Renault, Maurice Lowenstein, John H.
Grady, Louis de F. Bartlett, P. H. .Mc-
Carthy and A. W. Thompson a committee
to find eighteen acceptable candidates for
the Bjard of Supervisors. It is well
; known to insiders and outsiders that nor
n! inees tor Mayor and Assessor are slated. j
I To the insiders it is known that nominees
for Sheriff and District Attorney are al-
I ready on the slate. The rest of the pro
i gramme will be furnished to the conven- I
tion in installments- from the Mills build- |
ing. The well posted disciples of reform
Democracy go no higher than the seventh
floor to reach the source of nominating
I inspiration. , , ..
The delegates to the convention placed
I the lever controlling the Democratic party
machine in the hands of Gavin McNab
when they adopted a resolution giving 1
I Jasper McDonald, chairman, the power to <
appoint forty members of the County !
Committee. The delegates then surren- ,
dered themselves to McNab's dictation !
and must now take what he offers. As a
> boss he is inflexible. He will interpret the
articles of capitulation to suit himself.
Much sympathy is extended to unsophis
ticated aspirants for office who are going
I around soliciting the favor of del- ;
', egates to obtain nomination. The
trained politicians who have had ex
perience in political campaigns view the
spectacle with a sense of humor. The
aspirants, with the exception of a few
"rookies," are posted and therefore invite
signals of approval from "Me" in the
Mills building. The uninitiated may Infer
that Jasper McDonald is the proper one ;
to see, but The Call, not desiring to mis
lead good citizens who are about to offer
their services to the public, takes this oc
casion to Indicate that Gavin McNab is
the proper one to address. All those hav
i ing business with the Democratic local
convention should apply to him for infor- .
i mation. He is the real, true name-blown
: in-the-bottle boss. What be says goes.
. -o .
In Your List
of paper? for Sunday reading do not fail
to include the News Letter. All current
topics are treated editorially, satirically,
facetiously and above all entertainingly.
Strange adventurrs in Manila of a special
correspondent: the trial of General Otis;
the story of an old musician's love, and
criticisms, reviews ami miscellaneous
matter. Ten cents, of all newsdealers. •
In the Divorce Court.
Jane Poherty has been granted a di
vorce from Archibald Poherty on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Joseph E.
Ownlgs r.as siu-d Sadie V. Ownigs for a
divorce, alleging- (Insertion as a cause of
action. Silas L. Pierce asks for a divorce
from Pearl Pierce on the ground of de
' sertion. Suits for divorce on the ground
of failure to provide have been filed dv
Emily E. Murphy against Thomas IV*.
Murphy; Emma Alltzky against Frederick
Alltzky, and Coral Jacques against L. O.
Jacques.
How to Learn Spanish in Six Weeks.
At the Y. M. C. A. this afternoon at 4:30,
and this evening at S o'clock, Professor
W. F. Hall will give a free lecture illus
trating his natural method, a method
which has made it possible for busy men
and women to gain a practical working
knowledge of the essentials of Spanish in
a remarkably short time. Professor Halls
groat success is due largely to the skillful
manner In which he makes his meaning
clear without the use of English, thus
making the learner think Spanish and
apeak Spanish from the start. •
Hales.
;■■.." ■ . 1- _-'"-•>.• ™
Saturday : Admission Day, store closed.
Sunday : Announcement of millinery open-
ing in Sunday Call and Examiner.
Monday and the entire week: Showing
of fall creations in pattern hats, trimmings
and novelties.
JBt \^^^^Ooon good&s^^
935, 987, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street.
SOLDIERS WERE
THE SHRINERS'
WELCOME GUESTS
Red Fez Aglow in
Islam Temple.
Hundreds of nobles of the Ancient Ara
bic Order of the Nobles of the Mystic
Shrine assembled last night in the hall of
Islam Temple, on Sutter street, for the
double purpose of tendering a grand wel
come to Colonel Victor D. Duboce, the
recorder of the temple, who returned
from Manila with the First California,
and to several other warriors who re
turned at the same time, and to help
sixty-seven novices in their journey
across the "hot sands" of the desert.
The temple's camel, faithful Old Ben,
who has served the temple since ISS3 and
during that time has carried a great
number of nobles and novices, and a num- j
ber of frisky young camels, were trotted
out to form a gorgeous procession along
the pathway of the devotees in their en
deavor to solve Oriental mysteries. The J
animals, after three months' rest, were i
quite frisky, and the novices began to
think that they were sure-enough rough
riders.
The advice to those who were anxious to
become nobles of the Mystic Shrine waa
that if they hud a will to make they
should do so before going through the
ceremony of initiation; that if they did
not have mantelpieces at home they had
better provide themselves with those use- :
ful ornaments in their respective homes, ]
as they would find them very desirable ;
as dining-tables tor some time to come;
that if tney could neither sing nor dance :
they would have to notify Charles L,. ;
Field, the potentate, or Theo trolich, the
acting noole recorder, and that they
should be satislied with the assurance j
that there would be nothing in the digni- ;
lied and elevating cen mony of induction ;
into the mysteries of the temple that tn.y
would not cheerfully recommend to their ;
friends with the possible exception ot the
•'hot sands," and that only when they be- ■
came overheated. Tney were also advised |
that if they themselves got a little too
much caloric they would only have to tell
the director, who wiAild order the Nubian i
slaves to scatter cracked ice under their j
feet to reduce the temperature.
The ceremony ot initiation was wit- |
nesaed by 333 nobles, all wearing red tez \
caps. All the spectators declared that it
was a grand Bight and that the camels j
were unusually lively, an assertion that
was not disputed by the novices.
The ceremony being over there were a
few words of welcome to the noble re
corder, Colonel Victor O. Duboce, and the
other nobles who returned from the I nil- <
lpplnes. Then there was a march to the |
main assembly hall, where there were ar- j
ranged several rows ot tables, which
groaned under the weight of good things
which had been deftly and artistically
placed upon them. There were seats tor
400 and every seat was occupied. The
hail was artistically decorated in a man
ner that gave the place a decidedly Ori
ental air. and when all were seated the I
«cene presented was one that was "a
thing of beauty and a joy" while the fun
lasted, and it can be stated that it was
not until long after 1 o'clock in the morn
ing that the fun ceased. The special
guests were at the head of the table in j
military uniforms, the nobles wore their |
fez caps and the novices or newly ere- j
ated nobles were at their places in full
dress suits.
True to the traditions of Islam, neither
the members of the temple nor the
stranger? within their gates were allowed
to depart until th.Mr appetites were ap
peased, for they were bidden to partake
freely of the food and drink that was
placed before them. The menu was an
elaborate one. and each and every
shriner did ample justice to the mysteries
prepared by the chefs.
Past Imperial Potentate Charles Fields
and at present potentate of the temple
presided in the capacity of toastrmister,
and as there was no set programme he
called for responses to toasts as the spirit
moved him. Those who responded were
"W H L, Barnes. Franklin H. Day. Reu
ben H. Lloyd, Colonel V. D. Duboce. I.
J. Truman, J. Franie. Captain Hunt of the
Idaho volunteers. Major Curry of St.
Paul, paymaster in the army; Major
White. "Captain Geary, lieutenant
Getchell and Colonel Black of the North
Dakota volunteers; Captain J. W. F.
Diss of the California Heavy Artillery,
Past Potentate Charles T>. Patton. Major
i 6823 I
Wi SOLD IN CALIFORNIA |
:l THIS SEASON. '■
\ ♦. BICYCLES
I 40> I
I THOS. H. B. VARNEY, I
g3 Market and 10th Sts..S.F. jl
jjflU Open ' Wed. and Sat. |
Eveniugs. ;
■ -
~"!!^
Foote of the Wyoming: volunteers, Ser
pear.t Henry of the North Dakotas, M.
Lascelle, Charles M. Belshaw, Hiram T
Graves, B. T. Flint, A. W. Foster, John
Tonnlngsen. Acting Noble Recorder Theo
Frolich. Captain George Whitman and
many others.
The work of the evening and the recep
tion of the men from the battlefields waa
one of the grandest events that has taken
place under the auspices of a fraternal
organization in this city in many years.
\i Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a
$ marvel of beautiful illustrations
?i — its half-tone work being es-
» pecially fine.
Was Probably Poisoned.
Iso evidence of disease was discovered
in the autopsy on the body of Charles
E. Hutchinson, who died with symptoms
of poisoning after he had taken a patent
medicine called "Celery of Soda." The
stomach has been reserved for chemical
anflivsis
Keith's exclusive rniilinery house for
the finest and best. 80$ Market street. •
ADVERTISEMENT S.
TO-DAY and
MONDAY
We are the popular grocers. Nothing is of-
fered but what is first-class, at prices that
j defy competition. Call on us and be con-
iBESTSS BUTTER .... 45c
Extra value. Regular 55c square. r
JAPAN HEAD RICE, 20 lbs-. 51.00
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS-... 25c
Fresh guaranteed. Regular 30c doz.
BUCKEYE CORN MEAL, BSKyJJh
Pure Eastern Cream. Regular 30c.
CAL SMYRNA FIGS--...... I2ic
New arrival. Regular 20c Ib.
MACARONI, VERMICELLI, box 20c
Spaghetti Egg Noodles. Regular 25c.
GHIRARDELLI'S B^r X COCOA, 20c
Regular 25c.
PICNIC Sugar-cured HAMS ...9c
Best Eastern. Regular 10c Ib.
Country orders filled at short notice and
shipped free of charge 100 miles. Send for Sep-
tember catalogue.-
-1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
When
Good Coffee
Big Presents
Are Wanted
Try
Great American Importing Tea Co's
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
OOOOOOOOOOOGOOOOOO
%t«* PALACE 'sp%
%GRAND» OTE S °
o SAN FRANCISCO. _
: Connected by a covered passageway.
O 1400 Room?- 900 w: h Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES : \ " O
I ,O EuropeanPlan.aSl.OO per day arsfl upward Q
'j» American Plan.^Jl.*H> per day and upward -.
I** Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN C. KIRKPATRICE. Kuigtr. O
O O 0.0 QQ O O O 0.0_0.0_0 O
POhlobecter'o Eacllah Diamond Brand. ' " >.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^■"X Original and Only Genuine. A
/[~A(^t\\ Droßfirt tor' Chichetter't Laoilk u!t
fc*Nii?< t *S^monJ Brand 1q ltl-d and Hold unru.Mc\%/w
jSI — Z^pHtoxiu. acalod w<tb blue rlbhoa. Toke\B^
"JW f&yi Vj 'i nn other. K'fMAf. dtiugrr<n.t tvbititu- V
\~ I ~ iff ticns ar.d imitatii ns. At Drnggiiti, orirad4«i
I v- '■¥ la ctimpo for p irtlcultn. tntimosl&ls ao*J
\V* St) "UMlof Tor Ladles." in letter, by return
■X Mr Mfcl!. 10,000 TmimODiilt. /foatt paper,
> *-* > ~Chl««ieiiterC < \ei*lciaCo.,Mndl<M»»<i«or^
Cdd by »11 U>c»l D-n^slsu. » v !I II. A. I'A-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
X BARMY AND WASHINGTON Slj.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
'■ CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
' |5 to $8 week: S3 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
I and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room: elevator runs all night. .-V
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS,
Bottlers of
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS.
Goods delivered to any part of the city.
Phone. Jessie 1522.