VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 4.
NEW COURT-MARTIAL
ORDERED FOR DREYFUS
PRISON OF DREYFUS ON DEVILS ISLAND.
THIS MEANS
HE HILL BE
ACQUITTED
And Now France Is Wonder
ing if the Guilty Will Be
Properly Punished.
Bpecl« h!I and Hw New Y"rk
li-Tal'i. Copyrighted, 1839, by Jani'.-i «Jor
. Bennett.
PARIS. June 3.— The Court
of Cassation to-day rendered
a verdict in favor of a revision
of the Dreyfus case, and order
ing a new court-martial to sit
at Rennes, sixty miles from
Nantes, for the trial of the
prisoner.
PARIS, June 3.— Count EsterhasVe
Bsion that he wrote the Dreyfaa
bordereau has fallen like a thunderbolt
It la true that his word has not
mucb value, in fact, the only doubt
about his authorship of the document
fa that he admits his guilt. At any
i;it-\ nobody bejievea that Dreyfus was
a traitor. I say nobody advisedly.
Those who refuse to admit his inno
cence now are simply bound hand and
foot to their party.
As cabled yesterday, the Cabinet
council decided to placard the lu<dg
ment of the Court of Cassation in all
French communes. This decision has
not yet been made official, but a num
: Deputies intend to move on Mon
day that the Government take this
step. This shows which way the wind
blows, and it is blowing in favor of
Dreyfus' rehabilitation.
Then again, it is fairly certain that
the accusation f forgery trumped up
against Lieutenant Colonel Plcauart
will . i by the Public Prose
cntoc
Dreyfus baa also been informed
that the Court ..f Cassation has de
cided to Bend hie case for retrial before
a ficsh court-martial. This means his
acquittal, and after this is the Question
that is gripping the people's hearts
will the guilty be punished?
Esterhazy has declared to the cor
respondent of the Matin that he will
td himself, teeth and daws. He
declares that he wrote the bordereau
upon the order of Colonel Sandherr.
just as Lieutenant Colonel Henry com
piled the forged proofs of the guilt of
Dreyfus upon command, and he adds.
terribly: "Henry died a victim of his
obedience."
You will remember that Ilenrv was
found dead in a cell in Mont Valerien
fortress on the night his arrest was
reported. He had killed himself, but
sinister rumor has it that both carotid
arteries were cut, which, as a diplo
matist said to me a few days ago, was
one too many for a good suicide. You
will remember that 1 cabled you these
rumors at the time, and Esterhazy's
remarks bring them up again.
When the Matin correspondent asked
Bsterfaasy what he, supposed the gen
erals would say, he replied: "They
will lie, as usual."
What appears certain, however. ia_
The San Francisco Call.
that the great washing day is dawn
ing. The judgment of the court was
awaited this afternoon with tense
nerves.
It is said that the majority of the
magistrates have decided that there are
two new facts to be exacted by the law
before any judgment can be revised.
These are, first that the document
"Cc Canaille de D.," which was shown
the court-martial in 1894. and which
decided its verdict, does not apply to
Dreyfus; and, second, that the border
eau, for the writing of which Dreyfus
was convicted, was not written by him
at all.
This reminds one of the Governor of
Calais, who gave thirty-nine reasons
why he hadn't fired a salute, the thirty
ninth being that he had no powder.
THE DECISION THAT
GRANTS A REVISION
PARIS. June 3.— ln the Court of Cas
sation to-day, previous to the an
nouncement of the verdict in favor of
Dreyfus, crowds assembled at the
Palace of Justice and in its neighbor
hood awaiting the decision. Perfect
calm prevailed. The decision, which
was pronounced at ":40 p. m., says the
prisoner is to be re-tried on the follow
ing question:
'•Is Dreyfus guilty of having, in 1594,
practiced machinations, or having had
communication with a foreign power
or its agents with a view of facilitating
acts of hostility in the case of a war
with France, or of having provided the
means then-tor by furnishing notes or
documents retraced on the bordereau?"
The audience received the decision
with cries of "Viva la Justice."
When the doors of the Court of Cas-
Bation were opened an immense crowd
of people attempted to rush through the
entrance, and for a time there was
great confusion and uproar. The ses
sion opened at 3 o'clock, when the
president of the court, M. Mazeau, after
reminding the audience that all demon
strations were interdicted, gave judg
ment in the following tenor:
'"The court, after heaving th<- report
of the premier president of the Civil
Chamber, the Public Prosecutor's find
ings, and the application of Maitre
Mornard (counsel Cor Mme. Dreyfus)
under the new article. 443, of paragraph
4, of the Code of Criminal Procedure,
to the effect that a revision of judg
ment can be demanded when new facts
are produced, or documents show
ing the innocence of the con
demned, and in view of the judgment
of October 2f>, 1898, rendered by the
criminal chamber, ordering an inquiry^
declared that the demand for a revison
of the Dreyfus case unless presented
in proper form, and in view of the re
sults of said inquiry, in view of the
presentation to the court-martial of a
secret document bearing the words
"Cc Canaille de D — ," and seeing that
the communication of this document is
proved by the depositions of M. Casi
mir-Perier, General Mercier and Gen
eral Boisdeffre, and seeing that M.
Casimir-Perier has declared he heard
from General Mercier that the docu
ment bearing the words "Cc Canaille
de D — ," submitted to th.c court-mar
tial, was believed to implicate -Drey
fus, and that in addition Generals Mer
cier and Boisdeffre, who were invited
to say whether they knew If said com
munication had occurred, refused to re
ply, thus acknowledging it; seeing that
by the revelations subsequent to the
verdict the communication to the court
martial of a document capable of in
fluencing their minds and now not
regarded as applicable to Drey
fus, constitutes a new fact cal
culated to establish the inno
cence of Dreyfus; seeing that
the crime charged against Dreyfus
consisted of furnishing the secret docu
ments connected with the national de
fense, accompanying which was a mis
sive styled a bordereau, undated, un
signed and written-on ftligraned paper
which was no longer manufactured,
and that two authenticated letters,
written on the identical paper, dated
contemporaneously with the bordereau,
were discovered in the house of Sster
hazy, the writing upon which experts
have declared to bJ the same as that
of the bordereau, which fact was un
known to the court-martial, tend to es
tablish the innocence of D^eyfua; aee- .
SAS FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
Ing that the alleged confessions of
Dreyfus to Captain le Brun-Renaud
are disproved in view of these argu
ments and without submitting others,
the court quashes and annuls the ver
dict of condemnation of December 22,
1694, against Alfred Dreyfus by the'
first court-martial of the military gov
ernment of Paris and sends the accused
before court-martial at Rennes, to be
specially appointed, to conduct the new
trial."
This judgment is to be printed and
transcribed on the docket of the first
j court-martial, alongside the decision
which is annulled. The court then ad
journed.
Premier Dupuy has summoned the
Ministers of the Interior, Justice, War
and Navy and the Colonies to meet to
morrow morning: Jp order to confer
■jr. n the cieastm .-' to bo taken to bring
Dreyfus back to France.
ZOLA GLAO THAT
THE TRUTH PREVAILS
LONDON. June 3.— A representative of
the Associated Press this evening secured
a brief intt rvit w with M. Smile Zola. >ho
is now living in strict retirement near
the Crystal Palace, but who proposes to
return to Paris early next week. M.
Zola was naturally overjoyed at the out
Continued on Second Page.
GEN. LAWTON BEGINS AN
OFFENSIVE CAMPAIGN.
Native MiliiJa at Agana, on the Island of Guam.
MANILA. June 4, 10:45 a. m.— A
vigorous campaign was begun
on Saturday against General
Pio del Pilar's force of 2000
rebels in the foothills at the
mouth of Laguna de Bai and in the
tc-wr.s of Cainta, Taytay and Antipolo,
under the supervision of General Law
ton.
General Hall, with 2500 men, moved
southeast from the pumping station,
and Colouel Wholley. who relieved
General King in command of his bri
gade, proceeded east from San Pedro
Macate. the two divisions approaching
each other.
Colouel Wholley captured Cainta with
small loss, the rebels fleeing before the
advance of the United States troops.
General Hall drove the Filipinos from
the vicinity of Mariquina, sweeping
them toward Colonel Wholley's column.
NEW YORK, June 3.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Having determined that Gen
PORTO RICO
DEMANDS ITS
INDEPENDENCE
The Situation on the Island
Has Become Intolerable
to Natives.
WITHOUT A COUNTRY
Position of the People Who Hailed
the Americans as Their
Deliverers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 3.— "Grant us in
stant relief or give us independence!"
is the cry of the starving natives of
Porto Rico, according to Drs. Julio
Henna and Zeno Gundis, Porto Rican
Commissioners to Washington.
"The situation has. become intoler
able and the hour of. deliverance can
not be long def<^p*d," they declare.
"Military rule is oppressive and uncon
stitutional. The people are not gov- j
erned by the laws of the United States, j
but are under the sword of a military
Governor, whose dictum is absolute and
without appeal. The islanders are de
nied the rights of citizenship, and
having broken with Spain and not yet
being recognized as citizens of the
United States are a people without a
country. Even the Spaniards on the
island have more rights and privileges.
They can take out papers and become
American citizens, a privilege not ac
corded to the Porto Ricans.
"Instead of absolute free trade be
tween the. United States and Porto
Rico, as on interstate and inter
territorial principles, a high tariff is
kept up, unlawfully and without mercy,
impoverishing the. island, for when the
customs are paid all the profits are
gone.
"Whereas, the people of the island
hailed the advent of their deliverers
from the Spanish yoke with joy and
gratitude, they now feel deeply ag
grieved and enraged at the manner in
which the Government has abused their
rights and privileges and are ready to
adc»pt' any means whatsoever lor s»!f
{.Totection and the amelioration of their
condition, even to a claim l'o/ absolute
' independence." . ..'... .
These are the sentiments of the two
commissioners from Porto Rico, as ex
pressed at their headquarters in this
city.
Off to the Gold Fields.
LOS ANGELES, June 3.— On Tuesday
tho schooner Rambler. Captain Crosby,
will sail from San Pedro for San Rogue,
on the Lower California coast, with a
party of gold seekers from this section.
The Rambler la a forty-foot, tifteen-foot
beam craft and can carry twenty men.
eral Otis' command can be reinforced
to the strength desired from regular
troops now in the United States and
the West Indies, the authorities are
preparing a list of the regiments which
will "be sent to Manila. With affairs in
Porto Rico in a quiet condition it has,
been deemed possible to withdraw one
regiment from that island, and the
Eleventh will in all probability be se
lected for service in the Philippines.
The Twenty-fourth Infantry, on the
Pacific slope, is also available.
In addition to these infantry com
mandß more cavalry will be sent to Ma
nila and the department will choose
between the Third, Sixth and Ninth,
all of which have been filled to the
limit allowed by the President's order.
Fo-ur regiments is ample, and if the
number of enlistments to be made from
the returning volunteers approximates
the number that it is believed by the
department will be secured there will
be enough to bring General Otis' force
up to 30,000.
As It is desired by the President to
BLEACHING
BONES LINE
THE TRAIL
Human Skeletons the Mile
posts on the Edmonton
Route to the Yukon.
GOLD SEEKERS PERISH
At Mud River Settlement a Large
Party of Scurvy- Stricken
Miners Are Starving.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 3.— The Ed
monton trail has been called a '.'trail of
death," and according to the story, or
collection of stones, of privation and
suffering in a vain search for gold and
a desperate struggle by brave men
to get back to civilization, told by the
twenty-nine passengers from the Up
per Cassiar country who arrived by the
Danube, death still lurKs on that trail.
The returned miners tell of death and
disaster, of the finding of dead miners,
of the skeletons lining the trail. They
tell of threatened starvation in the
camps where melancholy and emaci
ated unfortunates are still stalled,
many suffering from »curvy and many
from frozen limbs, which some are like
ly to lose by the surgeon's knife as
soon as they can be brought to a camp
where a physician can be found.
At Mud River the greatest number
of unfortunates are to be found. There
starvation is pending and unless the
relief which already has been sent from
Glenora soon arrives the remaining
pack mules and any wandering Siwash
dog or other animal that may be cap
tured are likely to become food for the
men. At least a dozen men are en
camped there, some suffering from
scurvy and others from frostbite.
At McDames Creek and De&se Lake
there are more unfortunates, but there
starvation is not su near: for although
the Hudson Bay post has long since
sold out all its stores, many of the min
ers have still some supplies, which are
being pooled and which will keep them
in food until more arrives.
The returned miners tell of deaths by
drowning,. yn the 'ireat Slave Lake, a
big expahae of wind-swept waters
which has swallowed 'up many unfort
unates owing ti> the capsizing of their
boats since last winter. News is
brought of mysterious disappearances,
in one case a party of ten or twelve
having dropped out of sight com
pletely.
The most disquieting news concerns
the loss of a party of ten or twelve men,
who doubtless have perished in the
now-covered mountains in the vicinity
of Upper Liard post. In December the
party started from Fort Liard for
Upper Hard. The snow was heavy and
traveling conditions dangerous, but the
Continued on Second l'atje.
return the volunteers here as rapidly
as possible the War Department pro
poses to send reinforcements to General
Otis with all dispatch and (,-rders to
the regiments selected will probably be
issued next week. There is no expecta
tion on the part of the authorities that
the insurgents will lay down their arms.
What is expected is that they will en
deavor to recruit thrfr ranks and pre
pare in every possible way for the dry
season, when the grand campaign of
the Americans will occur.
It is the expectation that filibustering
expeditions will now be put under way
for the purpose of getting supplies and
munitions, of war to Aguinaldo, and it
will devolve upon the navy to maintain
an effective patrol. The issuance of a
proclamation declaring a blockade of
the ports Is not for an instant thought
of by the department, but Captain Bar
ker, now commanding the Asiatic
squadron, and his successor, Commo
dore Watson, will take measures for
covering the important harbors and
capturing any vessel which may have
arms and ammunition aboard for the
Filipinos.
A RECORD FOR
GOVERNOR GAGE
TO PONDER OVER
Long List of Predictions
Fully Verified.
ACCURACY OF THE CALL
Appointments, Bad and Indiffer
ent, Published Ahead of Ex
ecutive Announcement.
Governor Gage Is not highly pleased |
with The Call's expose of the extra '
session scheme. In an interview he is
quoted as saying:
"That yarn in The Call to-day
that I intend to call an extra ses
sion is characteristic of the ac
curacy of The Call's statements
relative to my office, and in this
respect I only need to cite the in
correct announcements of the ex
ecutive appointments that paper
has made from time to time."
The record of The Call's announce
ments regarding executive appoint
ments and other affairs connected with
the Governor's office can easily be pro
duced. If the extra session predicted
is as accurate as the predictions were
of executive appointments, the Legis
lature will surely be convened in spe
cial session.
In the first place. The Call named in
advance the entire Republican State
ticket nominated at the Sacramento
convention and predicted the election
of every nominee on the ticket.
Before Gag>- wuv inaugurated Th->
Call announced that W. I. Foley would
be appointee private secretary < tVu-
Governor. He was appointed. .>
On December 2, a month prior to
Gage's inauguration. The Call an
nounced that William H. Davis would
be appointed executive secretary. The
picture of Mr. Davis was printed with
the announcement. Mr. Davis was ap
pointed.
As early as January 2. 1899, The Call
announced that Gage had promised the
j State patronage to promote the elec
tion of D. M. Burns as United Btati I
Senator. On January 7 The Call agal n
asserted that Gage was promising State
patronage to assist Burns.
Before Daniel Kavane and C. J- Fox
were appointed to office by the Gover
nor, The Call published the dispatch
under date of Sacramento, January 3,
1899:
"The law office that was formerly
Henry T. Gage's in the city of Lfls An
geles is now without occupants. The
two remaining attaches of the Ciover
nor's law office arrived in the cky this
morning and soon it is expectei their i
names will be entered upon the payroll
of the State. The two latest arrivals
were Daniel Kavane and C. J. Fox. As
soon as Governor Gage provides for his
stenographer. C. J. Fox, and for his
general factotum. Pan Kavane, he will
have given places to every individual
who had any connection with his law
business in Los Angeles."
Several days after the publication of
this dispatch Fox was appointed sten
ographer of the Governor, which posi
tion he now holds, and Kavane was ap
pointed secretary of the State Board of
Examiners, which place he still occu
pies. Does the Governor challenge the
accuracy of The Call's predicions re
garding the inside patronage?
On June 2, day before yesterday, the
Governor announced that Dr. Payne.
Dr. Barbat, Dr. Keeney and Dr. Coffey
were appointed to constitute tne San
Francisco Board of Health.
On the twelfth page of The Call of
April 29, under the heading, "Gage Se
lects Men for the Board of Health,' the
following was published:
Word went out last night that three
members of the local Board of Health
had been selected and that the others
would Vie named by Monday at the lat
est. The three who have already been
appointed are Dr. Barbat, Dr. W. B.
Coffey and Dr. J. W. Keeney.
Dr. Barbat is- the family physician of
D. M. Burns, while Dr. Coffey is chief
surgeon for the Market-street Railway
Company. Dr. Keeney is a stepson of
Police Commissioner Alvord and is ex
amining physician for the Police De
partment.
Of the aspirants for the remaining
positions on the Board of Health there
are four whose prospects are conceded
to be exceptionally bright. These are
Dr. Henry Meyer, who has been iden
tified with local politics for years and
was at one time chairman of the Re
publican County Committee: Dr. R.
W. Payne, a relative of John I. Sabin
of the telephone company; Dr. Wins
low Anderson, who has long been af
flicted with an ambition .to hold office,
and Dr. W. I. Terry, whose residence
is at the Occidental Hotel.
Politicians who are thoroughly con
versant with the situation will readily
understand that these gentlemen need
have no great cause for anxiety over
the outcome. But the appointment of
Drs. Barbat, Coffey and Keeney is set
tled and there need be no further dis
cussion around the hotel corridors as
to their chances.
The Governor, in the light of the
record, will hardly dispute the charac
teristic accuracy of The Call in respect
to the Board of Health.
The appointment of Martin Aguirre
to the position of Warden at San Quen
tln did not surprise the people of Cali
fornia, but the announcement made on
the seventh page of The Call of Jaau- v
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
ary 19 last that Gage had selected
Aguirre for "Warden to succeed Hale
did cause some astonishment.
Regarding the appointment of Regis
trar of Voters, The Call on March 14,
1899, published a picture of Jake Step
pacher, and below the picture a dis
patch bearing date Sacramento, March
13, was published as follows :
"It Is announced on good authority
that Governor Gage will appoint Jake
Steppacher Registrar of Voters to suc
ceed W. J. Biggy."
The fact that Governor Gage subse
quently caused certain members of the
executive committee of the Republican
State Central Committee to hope and
believe that such a rank appointment
as that of Steppacher for Registrar
would not be made does not in any
sense weaken The Call's characteristic
accuracy.
When Joseph L. Maude was on his
way from Los Angeles to Sacramento
some weeks since and some days be
fore he was appointed Highway Com
missioner The Call predicted that he
would be appointed to that office.
The Call accurately published the
original slate for the Paris Exposition
Commission — M. H. de Young, Mark
L. McDonald and B. C. Truman. Mr.
de Young was offered the place but de
clined to accept it. There was a good
deal of talk about tendering the posi
tion to W. H. Mills, but before definite
steps were taken the programme was
changed by designating a Democrat
from San Francisco, and dropping
Mark L. McDonald {Democrat) of
Santa Rosa to make way for a North
ern California Republican.
The fact that Gage tendered the
office to ex-Mayor E. B. Pond was
mentioned in The Call, and the predic
tion made that W. W. Foote would be
appointed. E. W. Runyon was ap
pointed from Northern California after
it was learned that General N. P. Chip
man would not accept.
The Call has announced accurately in
advance of executive announcement
every important appointment made by
Governor Gage except that of Captain
Seamans for adjutant general. This
appointment was thought to be too bad
for even Gage to make, and The Call
did not predict it.
The appointments for the Code Com
mission have not been announced by
the executive, but The Call predicts
that Gage will appoint his law partner,
Denis of Los Angeles, and W. C. Van
Fleet of San Francisco.
Fully conscious of the fact that Gage
was reputed to be a man of unbounded
couragf, The Call predicted that he
would not have sufficient courage to
reappoint Mose Gunst to the office of
Police Commissioner. The Call's pre
diction was verified. The Governor re
treated behind the provisions of the
law*under which an otflcer may serve
until his successor is elected or ap
pointed. He did not have the courage
to appoint Mose, but allowed him to
serve.
Since the statement published exclu
sively in The Call to the effect that
U. S. Grant had withdrawn from the
Senatorial contest has been verified by
Grant himself, this paper is prepared
to make another characteristic an
nouncement, to- wit:
Governor Gage will call an extra
session of the Legislature as soon as
he is convinced that D. M. Burns can
be elected to the United States Senate.
Notwithstanding Gage's repeated de
nials, The Call during the last session
of the Legislature predicted that the
patronage at the disposal *of the ex
ecutive was to be used to-Jfceward the
supporters of D. M. Burns. Were not
The Call's predictions correct? Can
you. Governor Gage, dispute the ac
curacy of The Call's statement in this
respect?
In conclusion. The Call predicts that
Governor Gage will make some more
bad appointments, but none worse than
he has made, and will retire from of
fice the most unpopular man that ever
sat in the Governor's chair?
OVER A SCORE OF
INDIANS DROWNED
Two Boats Bearing a Potlatch. Party
Capsize in Lake of the
Clouds.
LAYGAN ALBERTO. June 3.— Between
twenty-ftve and thirty Indians, Including
men. women and children, were drowned
yesterday in Lake of the Clouds, near .ne
Canadian Pacific Railway, while crossing
the reservation to attend a potlatch. They
were traveling in boat?, rudely manufac
tured of the skins of cariboo and other
animals, when two long boats collided.
Both vessels were rendered useless, and
the entire party was lost.
The third vessel, bearing the skins of
deer, bear, cariboo, mountain sheep and
goats, and manned by four Indians,
reached the spot as the last survivor
slipped from the capsized boat and dis
appeared in the glacier-fed waters nf
the lake. A dense cloud resting on the
surface of the lake was responsible for
the accident.2
CORBETT FAVORS
THE CALIFORNIAN
Predicts That Jeffries
Will Win.
WILL BACK HIS OPINION
BIG FELLOW xOO STRONG FOB,
FITZSIi»IMONS.
The Former Champion Believes It
Will Be a Slugging Match, and
the Heavier Man Will
Triumph.
to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 3.— lnterest in the
coming Fitzsirnmons-Jeffries fight will
be Increased by James J .Corbett's an
nouncement made to-night that he is
convinced Jeffries will win. Corbett
seemed willing to support his belief in
the boilermaker with cash. He offered
to back Jeffries for any amount, pro
viding odds of two to one were . given
by Fitzsimmons' admirers.
"I have always had confidence in
Jeffries' ability as a fighter," said Cor
bett. "The only thing I feared about
Jim was that he might lose his confi
dence as the date of battle drew near.
Now that I know he is absolutely con
fident of success, 1 have no hesitation
in backing him."
"How do you figure Jeffries a winner
over a man with Fitzsimmons' ring '
record?" was asked.
"Easily enough," said Corbett. "I
have never considered Fitzsimmons a
clever man. He is a slugger and de
pends entirely on his strength to win.
I outpointed him easily enough, but I
am not a strong man. Jeffries is a much :
stronger man than 1 am. He can hit a
much harder blow than I ever could. :
Nature has been kind to him. He is
naturally a strong fellow, unlike any .
man Pitzsimmons has ever fought."
Do you believe Jeffries is a cleverer
man than Fitzßimmons?" j
"Yes, I do," replied Corbett, with em
phasis. "I have sparred with both
men, and I think I ought to know. :
Jeffries can slug just as well as, and hit
harder than, Fitzsimmons. I'll bet Fitz
will stop slugging before Jeffries does."
Evidently believing he is still quali
fied to battle successfully against
heavyweight pugilists of the first class,
"Kid" McCoy announces he will be at
the ringside on Friday night to chal
lenge the winner of the Fitzsimmons-
Jeffries mill. McCoy left Denver for
New York to-day. He is quoted as say
ing that his health has improved con
siderably of late and that he feels con
fident of success against any man in
the prize ring.
Interest in the coming fight increases
as the date draws near. Every day
crowds of admirers of the pugilists
journey to the respective training
quarters of the principals and watch
their exercise with interest.
At Asbury Park, where Jeffries is
putting on the finishing touch - to ;i;
preparation for the battle, th^iw .ire
numerous visitors. They al fiiepurt
greatly Impressed with the C&forp.ia
boilermaker's chances against the
champion. One of the novel features
of Jeffries' preparation for th fl£hi js
the road work which he does, \a •-. .i hv
a bicycle ridden by his trainer. ''Billy'
Delaney. Although Jeffries jogs a good
part of the journey, which 1* a: •
to Long Branch and return, there me
times duringUhe trip when ;> inn^v
makes the wheels of his bicycle rv.volvV
at racing: speed, and Jeffries hat
hie best to keep within hailin •- distance
of his trainer. Rowing is an iL3 er .
time to which the California i devotes
considerable attention. Evei y day he
enjoys a row on Deal Lake i: « heavy
working boat. Jeffries is quit i b oars-;
man, and he obtains co ■ ;■■ *■ ..,.■
benefit as well as pleasure fr«»ni :<■
exercise.
The particular form of pxerciie.
however, which has been o greatest
benefit to Jeffries is his bout* with
"Tommy" Ryan, the welter-s-iigfrt
champion pugilist. Ryan, who is un
questionably one of the cleverest Qiea
in the ring to-day, has given j <,\t ■ ';. :
many pointers on the use n his handa
and feet. Ryan's work is ( :. i;|y seen
in Jeffries' improvement.
Fitzsimmons' training quarters a*
Bath Beach are always well patronized
The champion has many admirers, uad
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 A Word to the
Wise is Sufficient/
'But some stubborn people
wait until "down sick" be-
fore trying to ward off illness
or cure it. The wise recog-
nize in the word ' ' Hoods
assurance of health. For all
blood troubles, scrofula, pim-
ples, as well as diseases of
the kidneys, liver and bowels,
Hood's Sarsaparilla is the
effective and faultless cure.
Scrofula —"/ •was almost bedfast
'with scrofula and catarrh. Had no appe-
tite. Hood's Sarsaparilla soon made me
stronger and later all the sores disappeared
and catarrh stopped." Nellie Osman, 414
Lyon St., Dcs Moines, Icnva.
Eczema— "Since I 'was a child 1
have had eruptions on my body 'which our
physician pronounced eczema. I took six
bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla and have
had no return of the disease." Mrs. Ida
M. Totter, Conneaut, Ohio.
**1 P V f*
otOCu^jdaA^pamur
Hood '» Pills enre IITerUU; the non-Irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Bar»aparlll»j.
«— '"* "-v ,<"""'". *»■ Eyes Scientifically !
yi^=^\ frTf^NV Tested. Perfect
I^nBVTT wS>i ■ &m Guar ant eed .
i -•"..-/ ■* *\™_>* Children 1 ! Eye« >
CONSOLIDATED OPTICAL CO.
AFT fill 1 I Corner Fourth and
UII V A I Market - s F - Try
UHIL IlUlnLfr Special Brtw
Unl UlnL Seam and
Vllll> *'V» • • *- 6c. Overcoau and
' •..: Valises checked tree.
CLOSED THE CAREER
OF ONE INSURGENT
How the Boys of the California Heavy
Artillery Keep the Filipinos at
Bay.
Sergeant Thomas J. Fitzpatrick,
serving with Battery Ff First < 'alifor
nia Heavy Artillery, at Cavite, has
written to his father, M. I. Fitzpatrick
"f 11<»" Bhotwell street, giving come in
teresting- details of Hi', on the tiring
line in and about Manila.
"We are doing outpost duty at Fort
Rice, which is one of the mosi impor
tant posts on the Island of Luzon in
that it commands the only overland
road fr<mi the arsenal at Cavite to Ma
nila. Tb t -re is but one night in the
week I can undress and so to bed. The
• <■ ' !' time, when not actually on
outpost duty, we must sleep in the
trenches so as to act as ;t reserve guard
in case the post is attacked.
"It is no child's play here. Yesterday
after I had posted my squad of men,
each in his own place, I thought I
would look at a copy of The Call which
I had In my pocket t<> Bee what was
the latest news from home. 1 had only
6 at the date when a rifle ball
whizzed by me. Rack wenl The Call
Into my pocket, and looking around for
the enemy I saw a Filipino climbing
through the ruins of an old church.
That native will never again break in
upon me with his Mauser when I am
reading the news from home." ■
every day a large number of them visit
him. ]{•■ receives them pleasantly and
gives them every opportunity to fee
how he is getting himself into shape
for the big battle.
"Fitz" has introduced many novel
and surprising, features in the prize
ring, but it remained for his coming
contest with Jeffries to give him an
opportunity to show original ideas In
the way of training. Iload work by
Btarlight and training in a tent are
novel features that will mark the re
maining preparation of the champion
for the battle on Friday m'irht. These
features "Fitz" will Introduce in his
work beginning to-morrow. Running In
the i lof the evening, "Fitz" believes
will have a more beneficial effect on
his system than in the hot sun of the
morning and afternoon. The introduc
tion of the tent idea is due to the
smallness of the barn in which he
spars. He has been unable to get th^
proper amount of foot work necessary
when training for battle, and. as he In
tends t<> devote considerable time to
that form of exercise from now on, he
decided to erect the tent.
NEW COURT-MARTIAL
ORDERED FOR DREYFUS
Continued from Fi:
mnip of the Dreyfus revision proceed
ings, ;md In the course of an inteview
Bald:
"1 knew the light wns finally bound to
break through the mass of falsehood,
calumny and forgery and that Dreyfus
would he restored to liberty and honor
and myself no longer forced to live in
exile."
He was greatly pleased at the prospect
of a speedy return to France, and de
: that he fi-lt assured all would ar
knowk-dge that his actions were justi
fied by events. "Armed with the truth."
i-aid, M. Zola, " I knew all must coma
■ . ■
OK FOR
ENED GENERALS
: Ccpyrlgfctftd, ISS?, 1?% thY AssoclatPd Prpsj.
PARIS; Juno 3 -Thr- Court of Cassation
revises the Droyf v.-» cap? and orders a new
triad before i e.mrt-tnartial at Rennes.
Every ore expected this decision; still it
caused a. hush of asir nishrnent. It was
rrceived in court with jubilant cries of
>'ive :m Justice!"
'1 hv Jewlstf v.'orld rejoiced at the Sat
■r-.iny afternoon services in the syna
gogues Telephone messages from the
!&■?/ courts apprised the Senate and
Change r of Deputies of the decision. In
i':<v. i'.rmor there i.s ■■ strong Dreyfusite
majority. In the latter the Dreyfusites
■ :)> in the minority, tut aro extremely
•.i;>-r«"i:c 'ivA agyfesslve. . The Rights are
t! orougbly i&il-DreyYuslte;
The \rino!iO',*emfct of the decision was
ported i.i the lobby, xarhich happened to be
civwdefi, and was received with great va
rieties ol l< -iing. The anti-Semitic jour
nal* ,hert predicted thfcl a new trial would
be or'!i red at A.'Wens^ where the radical
ipirlt f3-cponder«tte3. tennes is the capi
rM pi Catholic Prlttany, but General
J.i; I?**,1 ?**, cur.irnß.jni in i: ne Tenth Artillery
C^rps there. t*\e. je\\. This will assure
1 : Judge? brhi£ ut'!.:ased by clericals,
but wiH affoitMrhs ■ I-Dreyfusttes an ex
cusfl to- Keening \;;> he agitation on the
ground that *h» t-martial is packed,
L'here ia no permanent court-martial- at
Rennes as there is in Paris, only a perma
nent parqua or prosecuting board.
The Government Commissioners charged
to prepare the ease against Dreyfus will
be Major Carriere. a Catholic, and Cap
tain Jacqueta, a retired officer, will rep
resent the evidence at the court-martial.
General I^ucas will choose seven officers
for judges. He has seven infantry regi
ments, two cavalry and two artillery
brigades, one battalion of engineers an.l
a cavalry regiment to select from: but
the general feeling throughout Brittany |
is hostile to Dreyfus. However, acquittal
is certain, since there was never any case
against him save the bordereau and the
"Canaille de D " letter.
We know now that the documents are
Inapplicable to Dreyfus. What has caused
surprise is the form of the judgment. M.
Ballot de Beaupre rested the whole case
of revision on the bordereau being writ- '
ten by Esterhazy. He was of the opinion
that the court would not entertain facts
tending to annullation. inasmuch as the
Minister of Justice did not move in the
matter and that he alone could demand
proceedings for annullation. The Court of
Cassation goes on two new facts, namely
that the bordereau was by Esterhazy and
the secret communication to the court
martini of the "Canaille de D " letter.
The latter is extremely grave for Gener.il
Mercier. and, indeed, for M. Dupuy. He
was Prime Minister in 1894 and was in
formed of all that went on. It was possi
ble to regard in good faith Dreyfus a"
the author of -the bordereau. It waa
vamped up In conditions that probably
will ever be a mystery.
Esterhazy again Impudently declares
himself the author. He says that Colonel
Sandherr ordered him to write it. Gen
eral Mercier, M. Dupuy and the court
martial might have been deceived about
the authorship, but the secret communi
cation betrays the cloven foot of a devil
ish agent somewhere. This new fact is
not denied, Generals Merrier and De
Boisdeffre refused as witnesses before the
Court of Cassation to answer questions
thereupon: and their silence was inter
preted as assent, particularly as ex-Presi
lent Casimir-Perrier deposed that General
Mercier told him of the communication.
The "Canaille de D " could afford
cause for annullation; and it ought to be
brought Into the judgment and enable
Dreyfus hereafter to pursue before the
law courts both* generals and other mem
bers of the general staff. Proceedings in
criminal law can be taken and pecuniary
damages claimed.
It is a terrible outlook for the threat
ned generals, even though the Czar pro
tects De Boisdeffre.
EMILY CRA WFORD.
MARK TWAIN TO WRITE
BUT TWO MORE BOOKS
One Will Not Be Published, and the
Other Is Intended fcr Remote
Posterity.
NEW YORK, June S k cable to the
Journal from London says: "Mark
Twain" said in the course of an interview
to-tlay:
"I'm not expecting to write any more
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1890.
Sergeant Thomas J. Fitzpatrick.
for publication. You naturally ask: Why?
A man is entitled to a holiday for thi
of his life who has written for twenty
five years.
"My holiday will consist in writing two
books, simply for the private pleasure of
writing, one of them will not be pub
lished at all: the other is written for th<
remote posterity of a hundred years
behc< -
"Although critics think I am going to
write harsh things about people, thai is
an error. I said originally there would be
ro malice find thai is th< ti nt to
Ret down to the facts about people, and
in some cai c facts i t bi pleas
ant, but they will at Last be void of mal
ice. I do not contei d that the Idea Is
original, for there has not been an origi
nal idea in the world from Adam's time
until oyr own.
"What i mean la that no one produci s
an idea out of his own head. The idea
first comes from the outside. You can
not prow an Idea. Why. Adam could not
invent the idea of modesty. He went
naked until he learned from the outside
that to be naked was Immodest I'm not
attaching any large Importance I i this, :
for I have a sens,, of modesty; although
Adam hadn't. I got It from Adam— l. did
not invent it."
WHEAT IN ENGLAND AND
ON THE CONTINENT
In Many Countries the Conditions?
Are Favorable for a Large
Crop.
Special Cable to The Call anil the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, June 3.— The hot summer
weather which has recently set in has
been very beneficial for wheat in Gica.l
Britain and on the Continent. R<
n ived at the close of the week from
the principal grain producing centers are
favorable for good crops. The English
market during the week was restrii ted to
the immediate demands. Foreign prim
has been (irmly held, and American
grades being scarce, a shade more money
has been asked. Australian moved slowly
at easy rates, while N\w Zealand spot
attracted no attention.
According to the Mark Lane Express '
the condition of crops In various gram j
producing countries Is as follows: Prance;
Warmer weather. Improved appearance >>." j
fields. Earing will take place under nor
mal conditions in south and central de- \
partments. In the north and west the i
crop is a little backward. Germany, line J
growing weather prevailed, and crops are '
nil making satisfactory progress. Hun
gary, crops are generally good. In some
districts the growth Is almost too
luxuriant. Switzerland, cereal crops are
uniformly satisfactory. Italy, the out
look Is very encouraging. It is the same
in Holland and Belgium. Spain's crop in
the aggregate will be inferior to last
year's. Russia's winter wheat and rye
are sadly in need of rain in the south and
southwest. In Koumania the grain crop
is almost a total loss, owing to the
drought. :
STRANGE NEWSPAPER ENGLISH.
Busy Journalist Culls a Few Choice
Specimens.
The telegraph editors and ropy readers
| of newspapers run across a great many
\ remarkable statements In the copy r< -
celved from country correspondent.- and
even frum tho press associations. Trite
expressions become a habit with corre
spondents and it is one of the duties of
I the copy reader to eliminate these when
he ruiirf across them. A "desk man" on
I the Kansas <'ity Star took the trouble to
] jot down such of those as he came across
' from day to day. Some of them are actu
i ally weird, as follows:
"He was overcome by smoke in the up
pr-r story."
"The man was fatally wounded. il<>
■ may die."
"Th€' supposed to be dead Jones stabbed
the alleged murderer twice, inflicting; fa
: tal wounds which be cannot survive.
".Icrrel was blown about thirty feet. He
| leaves a family."
"Smith was shot twice by the nllccred
i slayer, one ball entering the Intestines,
: the other penetrating bis right lung. The
! Coroner is Investigating. Bloodhounds.
have beeen put on the trail."
Writers often have things occur In the :
j most remarkable places. The following
instances have actually appeared in news-
I papers or have been dragged out of copy
| by editors before they gut into print:
"The man was shot twioe In the saloon."
"He fell upon his being shot."
"He was snot i n the suburbs."
"He was Injured in the fracas."
"She whipped him upon his return."
"He kissed her passionately on her re
appearance".
"He kissed her back."
"He walked in upon her invitation."
"She seated herself upon his entering."
"She fainted upon his departure."
"Ho clung to her weeping."
"They gossiped upon his downfall."
Dead persons often do stranger things
than one would suppose. Witness the
following:
"The suicide on reviving said—"
"Refore he died the deceased said—"
Triteness, however, is the besetting sin
of untrained correspondents. The ' fol
lowing are old friends and will be'recog
nized readily by newspaper readers:
"It If reported on the highest authority
by one who has the ear of the president
but whose nam<' is suppressed for obvi
ous reasons, that—" The Information that
usually follows a statement of that kind
is as valuable as its introduction is au
thoritative.
Th' correspondent who concludes his
story by Baying, "It is said the story can
bo supported by facts," seldom sees tho
story in print.
Seme of the most common examples of
triten< : ; s arc:
"It was a gala day, " or red letter day
as the case may ho.
"Tho police are in suspense."
"H*-. broke down and confessed."
"The distracted husband," or wife.
"A well known citizen." ' On one occa
sion the c.orrespoi%dent put it "A well
known citizen, who is also a well-to-do
farmer. "
"There is general alarm hem (iwing to
indications of a recurrence of the dis
turbances."—Chicago Chronicle. "
How It Was.
Meude (apprehensively)— D — did Mr
Willingham cali on you this mornine
papa? b>
Mr. Par konham— "Well, you might call it
that, but as a matter of fact, I fell on
him.— T.if.\
FANCY CHINA WARE DAT.
Rome articles cut 60 per cant. '"
Some articles cut 50 per cent. '
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE. : •
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere. • ■
MAY HEMPSTEAD
WINS THE OAKS
Latonia Classic Proves
One-Sided.
RUSH NOT A CONTENDER
— « —
GUITS AFTER LEADING FOR FIVE
FURLONGS.' ]■{': I
Lothario Annexes the Carlton Stakes
at Gravessnd and John Bright
Wins the St. Louis
Handicap.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, June 3.— The expected
eat battle between the queens of the
turf. May Hempstead and Rush, in the
Latonia Oaks to-day fizzled out. Into a
running victory for the former. Rush did
not appear to be at her best going to the
pest, and after setting a merry pace for
five-eighths of a mil.-, she faltered and
the filly soon passed her. May Hempslead
then took up the running and' was never
in trouble, winning under restraint by
live lengths. E. S. Gardner's filly Freak
held down second position all the way and
got the place easily from Preliminary,
who beat Souchon two lengths for' the
third money. May Hempstead was favor
ite at Odds of 9 to 10, and was heavily
played by her owners, Headley & Norton.
Rush opened at even money, but was as
-;< o.i as 6to sat the close. The net. value
of the Oaks was $4300. Over SDOO people
witnessed the day's sport The weather
was fine and the track fast. Results:
six furlongs, selling—^'ora S won, Juneatta
second, Samlvel third. Time. 1:16^4.
Five furlongs— Lamachus won, Strathbroeck
second, Highland Lad third. Time. 1:03.
Mile, selling— M won. Krlss Krlngle
second. Boa Jour third. Time, lAV/i.
'.').•■ Latonia Oaks, for three-year-old fillies,
net value M«0, one and a fourth miles — May
tiempstead won. Freak second. Preliminary
third. Time. 2:10.
Five furlongs— May Jane won, Clara M sec- .
ond, My Butterfly third. Time, 1:04%.
Six furlongs, selling — C won, Hamp
den second. Bertha Nell. third. Time, 1:17.
NEW YORK, June The slaughter of
the favorites was in order to-day at
Gravesend. Five were beaten. In the
Hundson stakes. Prince of Melbourne was
the favorite, with Doublet and lligh
Order equal second choices. The favorite
got away badly, and never was prominent.
High Order won by a length with ease, j
In the Carlton stakes, with John Beraud i
out, Half Time was favorite. In the I
stretch Lothario came up on the outside I
and won by a neck in a drive. Results:
Six furlongs Tarvin won, Toluca sec- '
ond. McMeekln third. Time. 1:16.
One and a quarter miles— Holland won,
Thomas Cat second, Warrenton third. Time,
2:W.
Hudson stakes--, five furlongs— HiKh Order
won, Mariberi second. Wither? third. Time.
1:01%.
Carlton stakes, one mile— Lothario won. Half
Time second. Prestidlgltatrice third. Time.
1:42.
Selling, five and a half furlongs— Manville
won. Warring second, Midwood third. Time,
1:03%;
gelling, one and a sixteenth miles — Merry
I'rince won, Dan Rice second. Decanter third.
Time, 1:47%.
ST. LOUIS. June 3.— The most important
■ 'at thw Fair Grounds to-day was the
Club Members' Handicap, a sweepstaked
for three-year-olds and upward at one
and one-quarter miles and worth $2WK) to
t!:. winner. Fully 10,000 persons saw the
sport. There wns girat disappointment
because Algol, who was brought from the
Bast to run in the Club Members' Handi
cap, had been scratched. yesterday,
while working out. Alpoi bowed a tendon
and to-day he was leclared until for the
contest. He probably will retire to Ine
stud. Ed Farrell, another entry for this
event, was scratched, leaving » itpld of
only four to start. The track was fast
Talbot Brothers' John Bright, a heavily
played second choice, won by a length arid
,i half, with What-er-LiOu second, five
lengths ahead of '"rocket, the favorite.
Fervor saved hia stake. John Bright pot
off last, but gained the pole at tne tirst
quarter and kept the load throughout, in
the betting Crocket was the favorite,
opening ai even money and sr-lHnsr up to
t> to 5. John Bright opened at !1 to .",
and closed at " to 1. Results:
Mile, pellinc N.innie L won. Gold Band Me
ond. Free Lady Hilrd. Time, 1:41%.
six and a hair furlongs— Loving Cup won,
Mai pint Fooond. Be True third. Time, 1:20 V
Five furlongo <'.-i|,r. ii won. Wounded ]vn^.>
second, Sum Philllpa third. Timp. 1:0 L'
One and a fourth miles, selling- Traveler
won, Montedonico p i ond, Mkllan third. Time
2:09%.
t'Hih mimiiprs" handicap, $2.'i00. Bweepetakes,
fur thref-.vi-iir-01.'.s nn.! upward, un? and a
: 'i Bright won, Wat-er-Lou
■ : < Irockett third. Tin ■ 2.054
>:x furlonga - Banish won, Fnntainpbleau
: Sir Qathian third. Time, I:U%.
One and B sixteenth miles— Eddie Jones won,
Don Orsino second, Forget Not third. Time,
1:47.
. CHICAGO. Juno 3.— Harlem results; weather
clear: !r;ek Blow:
Seven furlongs, telling — Idle hour wnn, Mary
Kincella second, teen third. Time. l:38v&.
For two-yea r-oldß, four furlongs—4'heese
ptraw won. Panjftte second, li .>.<]s Hrigarte
i tblrtl. Tlmo, :SBVfc.
1 Six furlnn?H- Opaque wnn. Andes serond.
Meddler third Time, 1:2814.
Handicap, mil"- M>nk Wyman wnn, Moroni
gecond, Myth third. Time, 1:50 V
PJve furlongs, soiling, for two-year-olds—
j First I'nFt won. Sorrel Rose second. Florlne!
| third. Time. 1:07%.
'. Seven furlonn, pplHiik— Newsgatherer won,
i Graziella second, Al I^one third. Time, I:3S.
JOCKEY SLOAN FAST
LOSING POPULARITY
Yet the American's Percentage Is Far
Ahead of That of English
Riders.
LONDON, June 3.— The fickleness of
popularity is beginning to demonstrate
itself in the case of Tod Sloan, whose re
cent failures have wrecked many of his
supporters. His big backers, like Riley
Orannan and the Dwyers, have pocketed
their losses like truo sportsmen, and have
returned to America. It is the small fry
who, while Sloan succeeded, reaped a'
harvest and arp now losing, who cannot
find words to denounce him. One of these.
on returning from Epsom last night, filled
the corridors of the Hotel Cecil with
rantinra nirainst the honesty of Sloan's]
Oaks Failure, until the hotel officials had
to remonstrate. Colonel Tom Ochiltree
declares himself a heavy loser, and says
Sloan Is a great jockey for five furlongs, '
but when every one expects him to whi j
and hacks him heavily, he is left at the
post, and that in no other way in the
world could he have lost the Oaks.
In spite of the clatter of disgruntled
losers, Sloan maintains' hope of ultimate
success this season. Of 103 mounts he baa '
won 37, while Madden heads the list of
English jockeys with 50 winnings out of
2fil mounts, and Loates has 43 wins out
ot 201 mounts. So Sloan has won 35 per i
cent of his races. ,md the best English i
jockey ha? won only 19 per cent.
INTERCOLLEGIATE GAMES.
University of Chicago Easily Gains
the Victory.
CHICAGO. June 3.— The annual field
games of the Western Intercollegiate
Association took place to-day. The
University of Chicago team won a
rather easy victory, a total of 46 points
being placed to its credit. Notre Dame
College was second with 33 points,
chiefly through the efforts of its cap
tain, J. F. Powers, and Michigan was
third with 27. The Wisconsin men failed
to live up to the expectations of their
admirers, scoring but 14 points. Other
colleges receiving credit marks were:
JOHANN STRAUSS,
WALTZ KING, DEAD
Y^ IKXNA, June 3.— Johann Strauss,
the famous composer, is dead.
Johann Strauss, the younger, the
Austrian music composer, known as the
"Waltz King," was born in Vienna,
October 85, 1825. Notwithstanding the
opposition of his father he began hts
musical studies early in life and in 1K44
made his debut as a conductor, and the
success of that occasion attended him
throughout his career. He combined
his own and his father's orchestras
after the latter's death and toured the
continent of Europe. But it is on ae
inuni uf his compositions that he was
iv_:uded us a master. He composed
his first waltz, "First Thought," when
he was but six years old. From that
time until 1870 he composed over four
hundred waltzes. At that time he re
tired from public life and devoted him
self entirely to the composition of
operettas. Of his waltzes perhaps the
most popular is the "Beautiful Blue
Danube." Of his operettas the better
known are "Indigo" (1871), "The Car
nival of Rome" (1873), "The Merry
War" and "Jabuka" (1894).
Illinois, 9: Drake University (Iowa), 5;
University of lowa, 4; Grinnell College
(Iowa), .1. and Northwestern Univer
sity, 3. The meet took place on Ravens
wood field, midway between Chicago
and Evanston.
BROOKLYN AND BOSTON
STILL FORGING AHEAD
1 St. Louis Loses to Washington and
Philadelphia Is Beaten by
« . . Pittsburg.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— XV. L. Pet.- 1 Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....31 11 .788 (Cincinnati ..20 19 .513
Boston -'7 13 .67p. Pittsburg ...17 21 .4-17
St. Louis 25 16 .610iNew Y0rk. ..16 21 .400
Chicago 25 17 .595 Louisville ...IS 27 .325
Philadelphia 23 17 .575 Washington 13 29 .310
Baltimore ...23 18 .561 Cleveland '... 8 29 .216
NEW YORK, June 3.— To-day's game was
too one-sided to be Interesting. The Brooklyn*
bitted Hill hard when he got the ball over
th.- plate, scoring as they pleased, with the
: assistance of nine bases on balls and five
i errors, Kennedy was effective throughout and
was given almost faultless support. Attend
-1 ance, 6700; Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Cleveland ...4 11 5
Brooklyn , 13 13 . 2
Batteries— Hill and Zimmer; Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpires — Lynch and Connolly.
BOSTON, June The home team had
j things pretty much its own way to-day and
! won easily. Beckley, at first, played a clean
> game for the visitors, but Inability to hit
Lewis, aided by several ragged plays, lost
them the game. Attendance, 5500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
I Boston 8 11 4
Cincinnati ... : 2 4 1
Batteries — Lewis and Clark; Hawley and
Peitz. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— Powell was hit all
over the lot to-day and the Senators won in a
j walk. Freeman's home run, triple and single
j being the batting; feature of the game. Weyh
i Ing pitched superb ball. Attendance, 1500.
Score:
Clubs R. H. E.
1 Washington 11 17 0
St. Louis 2 9 4
Batteries— and McGuire; Powell and
, O'Connor." Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
BALTIMORE, June 3.— Chicago batsmen fat
tened their averages to-day at the expense of
Nope. Eleven singles, a hit batsman, ,i base
on balls and a balk were charged against him
In th.- two innings he was on the rubber.
Howell went In without warming up and
stopped the fusillade after the third, when
three singles were made»r>y the visitors. The
Baltimore team played g/;od ball after the sec
ond Inning, but the lead was too great to over
come. Attendance, 2i<ot>. Score:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Baltimore .' 11 4
Chicago 14 19 l
Batteries— Sops, Howell, Robinson and Cres
ham: Taylor and Nichols. Umpires— O'Day and
McGarr.
NEW YORK, June -The Louisvilles de
feated the Giants to-day by timely batting in
the third and fourth innings. In the fourth
Leach hit to center for a home run when Hart
zelj was on first. Both pitchers were effective,
Dowling particularly when bases were occu
pied. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
New York 2 8 1
Louisville 5 8 4
Batteries— Peymour and Grady; Dowling and
Klttredge. Umpires— Gaftney and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA. June B.— Fifteld started in
to pitch for the Phillies to-day, but retired in
favor of Orth in the fourth inning, after Pltts
burtr had secured six runs. Orth had better
control, but the miserable fielding of the locals
precluded any possibility of victory. While
running to first base in the eighth inning
Reltz snapped a tendon in his right leg. At
tendance, 6801. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsbuipf 15 13 3
Philadelphia .'. 3 5 8
Batteries Leever and Bowerman; Fifleld,
Orth and McFarlan.l. Umpires— Emslie and
McDonald. ■ ■>
CALEDONIA CLUB PICNIC.
San Franciscans Participate in the
Games at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. June 3.— The beautiful
weather to-day drew topether several
thousand people to the twenty-third an-
n ',' a ! P'cnlc and Kames of the Caledonia
Club. Many members of the San Fran
cisco, Stockton and Truckee clubs were
present and Borne of mem participated
In thn games. Thomas Carroll Dr Cam
eron and J. J. Campbell of San Fran
cisco took the prizes for ttirowlng the
heavy and lipht hammers and putting the
lisht stone and the heavy stone, Camp
bell winning the first prize in each Car
roll the second and Cameron the 'third
The leaping and vaulting contests were
good, especially those of the boys. The
Sacramento Pioneers' Society was the
guest of the local clubs.
McFarland a Winner.
NEW YORK, June 3.-At a meet of the
National Cycling Association at Flushing,
Long Island, to-day the two professional
events were won as follows:
Suburban mile, open— Won by F A
MeFarland. San Jose. Cal.; Arthur Gar
diner, Chicago, second: Tom Cooper De
troit, third. Time, 2:06 2-5
Mercury handicap, two miles— Won by
£ e °A ge 1 Ji y n Kn "" er - Chicago (150 yards)";
R. A. Miller, Galveston (120 yards) sec
ond: Charles Hadfleld. New York (150
yards), third; F. A. McFarland, San
Jo o^ - Cal - (cratch), fourth. Time
4:26 i-o.
Relay Race Trophy Presented.
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— A committee
from the Terminal City Wheelmen of
Stockton to-night presented the Capital
City Wheelmen with the trophy won in
the 100 mile relay race in April They
were warmly received and the evening
Passed in songs and friendly speeches
S. M. Spurrier. Nathan Conn and Fred
Seiviers of the. Stockton committee were
highly pleased with their reception. Sac
ramentans and Stocktonians alike denied
the tack story, said that good feelings
prevailed among all. and the evening was
passed pleasantly. The trophy has been
won three times by the Capital City
Wheelmen and is now their permanent
property.
Native Sons vs. Foresters.
MARYSVILLE, June 3.— The committee
named by Maryaville Parlor of Native
Sons to raise funds to aid in defraying
the expenses of presenting medals and
certificates to every man who enlisted in
the State of California for service in the
late war with Spain will meet and organ
ize for work on next Monday evening It
has been suggested that a match game of
ball between teams composed of Native
Sons and Foresters be arranged as one of
the features.
New Hammer-Throw Record.
NEW YORK, June 3.— John Flannagan.
world's champion hammer-thrower, wear
ing the New York Athletic Club colors
won new fame to-day by throwing a
hammer 164 feet 10 inches, making a new
record. The throw was made in the field
games of the Hollywood Inn Club.
9--*— <3>— ♦-^ -♦-^ — »-^ -♦-^> — ♦-<$>— »— 3> ♦ %
? :
JOHANN STRAUSS.
BLEACHING BONES
LINE THE TRAIL
Continued from First Page.
i men engaged Indian guides and ati
i tempted the hazardous journey. While
I on the divide of Hay Mountain they
! were cought in a snowstorm and be
! came lost. Indians were sent to search
for them, but after two weeks of pain
ful toiling through snow up to their
hips they were obliged to give up and
return, which they did with difficulty.
The probability that the ten or twelve
men perished in the snow is rendered
almost a certainty.. Although the ac
cident occurred in December ther<> had
been no tidings of them up to May 15,
They wore lightly provisioned and had
no snowshoes. The names of ortly five
could be learned: "Jack" Payne, Lome
Hutton, C. Dunn, R. Taylor and
Leighton.
The Danube rassengers report the
rinding of a body in a cabin near Mud
River. From a diary found by its side
an account of the unfortunate gold
seeker"s sufferings was learned. Brielly
the story the book tells is that the un
fortunate man — MacNealey of Sault Ste.
Marie — got his feet frozen on the trail.
With his partner, Graham, he reached
the deserted hut and MacNealey could
go no further. He crawled into the
cabin and there his partner left him —
not only left him, but took all the pro
visions. The last entry is made in
January. It reads:
"Pain unbearable. Can stand it no
longer. Graham is leaving me; taking
all the grub. God help me."
The body of a German, W. Zengler,
was found in a deserted cabin. He ha.i
starved. Other miners found a skele
ton under a fir tree with a paper above
reading: "Here the trail ends."
P. Johnson, a mining engineer of
Edmonton, who spent several weeks at
McDames Creek this winter, says Val
entine Wendler of New York, a Ba
varian, and one of a party of Philadel
phians, was found dead in his cabin
twelve miles from McDames.
The body of James Mowat, a miner,
who started from Telegraph Creok for
Atlin with his Mippli^s on a handsled,
was found on the top of Egner Sum
mit, fifty miles from Telegraph, about
the end of March. He was suffering
from scurvy when he started and it is
supposed he succumbed to it. His body
was placed on a sled and brought back
to Telegraph, where there are twelve
cases of scurvy in the hospital.
Last summer, while c-rossing Toad
River on the Edmonton horse trail, one
man was drowned and.another was lost
subsequently in the Cranberry Rapids
just above Mud River. Captain Mason
is said to have been lost on Nelson
River. Charles Helmet, a Brooklyn
hotel man. has been laid up with frozen
feet at Laketon.
J. W. R. Irving tells of the capsizing
of a number of boats in Great Slave
Lake. He says about fifty men were
drowned since last summer.
Simondson, a Swede, was shot and
killed by La Chapeile, a Frenchman, at
Dease Lake.
WILL BRING A TEST
SUIT AGAINST COLGAN
Action to Determine Whether the
Office of Public Works Com
missioner Exists.
SACRAMENTO. June 3.— E. E. Leake
has decided to bring to a test the ques
tion aa to whether or not his office as
commissioner of Public Works was really
abolished by the late Legislature, as At
torney General Ford holds. Leake's attor
ney, J. C. Brusie, had an interview with
Controller Colgan and an agreement was
Arrived at as to the point on which the
matter will be ta»cen to the Supreme Court
direct on a writ of mandate to compel
the Controller to issue salary warrants
for March, April and May, he having re
fused so to do.
BARKENTINE LAUNCHED.
Second Largest Sailing Vessel Built
on This Coast.
EUREKA. June 3.-The four-masted
barkentinc William Carson was launched
at Bendixen's this evening. She is the.
second largest sailing vessel ever built
on the Pacific Coast. Her tonnage gross
is 890, net 791. She loads for Australia
Captain John Pittz will be her command
er. Hind & Rolph of San Francisco are
the managing owners.
HOUNDS TO TRACK BANDITS
Dogs Put Upon the Trail of the Wyo-
ming Train Robbers.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. June 4.—Blood
hounds were taken to Wilcox station
early to-day to be used in trailing the
train robbers. The company also took up
enough guns and ammunition to arm the
entire country. The hunt is being most
vigorously prosecuted.
Alliance of Publishers.
NEW YORK, June 3.— The publishing
bouses of Harper & Bros, and the S. S.
McClure Company have formed an alli
ance. John W. Harper said: "We have
some plans looking toward developments
in the magazine in a field in which Mr.
McClure has been successful. Finding a
number of points of common interest we
decided to work together."
Pittsburg Phil's Coup.
NEW YORK. June 3.— Bookmakers es
timate that George E. Smith (Pittsburg
Phil) won between $50,000 and $60,000 on
the victory of his horse Lothario in (he
Carlton stakes at Gravesend to-day.
Smith paid $10,000 for Lothario at the
Rogers & Roos sale at Morris Park re
cently.
PRISONERS NOT
POT TO DEATH
Americans Do Not Kill
Captured Filipinos.
WORCESTER'S STRONG DENIAL
FAXSE STOKIES OF THE AL
LEGED ATROCITIES.
The Commissioner Declares That He
Has Viewed the Humane Treat
ment of the Wounded on
the Battlefields.
Special Disrat.-h to Th>i Call.
[ CHICAGO, June 3.— The Times-Her
ald prints t h e following from Dean C.
Worcester, a member of the Philippine
■ Commission, under date of Manila,
June 3:
The statements made by the New
York Evening Post in an editorial pub
lished April 17, and similar statements
published in the Springfield Republi
can, are in the main grossly .-xageer
ated, and in some casH absolutely
false.
An instance of the latter kind is the
story of Anthony Miohaea, who is re
ported as saying we bombarded a
place called Malabon and then w>m In
and killed every native we met — men,
women and children.
I was personally present on the oc
casion in question. The truth of the
matter is that Malabon was never h
barded, despite the fact it was in easy
reach from the fleet and field guns.
The town had been abandoned by the
natives before our approach except for
a lot of sharpshooters, who had posi
tions in a swamp on the outskirts
j One Hotchkiss and one 3.2 inch gun
] were fired on them. Our troops first
moved to the north without entering
the town. The insurgents were driven
i out the following day while trying to
burn the place. No women or children
were killed. There were none there to
be killed.
I have personally inspected all the
[ battlefields from Caloocan to Malolos.
; Once I was on the field before the
! wounded were removed and repeatedly
! I was there before the dead were bur
j ied. I never saw a single woman or
child wounded or dead. I have found,
on the contrary, wounded rebels whose
injuries had been dresser! by the Amer
ican surgeons before the firing had
ceased, and who had also been pro
vided with food and water.
The insurgent wounded were brought
to Manila and tended In our hospitals,
OP even taken care of in private hospi
tals, the Government paying all the
expenses.
When cured the wounded can hardly
be driven away. All the prisoners are
well fed and well treated, and I may
say they are glad to have had the ex
perience, and learned to know the
Americans. Released prisoners and the
recovered wounded are our best mis
sionaries, but many of them are unwill
ing to return to their own people.
It is absolutely false that any order
was ever issued looking toward the
killing of men who might be captured.
The American soldiers have repeatedly
; taken prisoners under circumstances
affording abundant excuse for killing,
with a provocation very strong. T know
positively the city guards have been
ordered to fire on soldiers caught loot
ing if it was not practicable to make
arrests.
The natives themselves report thnt
our troops have saved property and
protected life during recent operations,
and the effect of their conduct has been
excellent. It is a great mistake to sup
pose we are fighting the Filipinos as a
whole. At least SO per cent of the pop
ulation detests war, and the only seri
ous trouble is in a few Tagallo prov
inces in Luzon.
The other provinces in this island
are now compelled by the armed force
of the insurgents to submit to the Ta
gallo rule. The people in them are
praying for the coming of the Amer
icans. The present rulers are hated on
account of their robbery and oppres
sion, and even among the Tagailos the
common people want peace.
Aguinaldo and his congress recently
appointed a commission empowered to
negotiate peace on the terms offered in
our proclamation. The military leaders
interfered, however, ami dissolved the
commission.
The war is kept up by a few leaders.
and only with the greatest difficulty.
The heads of the natives are constantly
filled with lies, and the wildest tales
are circulated by the insurgent leaders.
False and slanderous reports are man
ufactured in Hongkong and Singapore
and scattered broadcast.
Accounts of alleged atrocities printed
in the American papers are copied by
the insurgent press and cause in
calculable harm. They cost good *
American lives.
Nevertheless the situation is stead
ily improving. The war is being most
humanely conducted: the hungry are
fed; the families of the insurgent lead
ers' are granted protection in Manila,
and even allowed to enter through the
lines. About 200 persons are coming
daily into the city from the insurgent
territory, and thousands are eager to
come.
Every one here is working in the in
terest of justice, order and lasting
peace, and all are anxious for the best
good of the country and people. To
this end lawlessness must be put down
with a firm hand and armed oppression
must be made to cease.
The Juniors.
The State councilor has appointed new
deputies for the various councils of the
Junior Order of American Mechanics in
the State, and the officers chosen are very
satisfactory to the membership. With
these deputies, who are all live, energetic
men, an increase in membership and in
the number of councils during the com
ing year is looked for.
The committee on bay and river excur
sion to Stockton presented its first re
port to Abraham Lincoln Council last
Thursday. The excursion is an' assured
fact, and, realizing the pleasure and ben
efits of such a trip, the members are all
lending their assistance t" make the af
fair one worthy of the order.
•In view of trie fact that the California i
boys will soon return from Mar.rjn, Lin- A
coin Council appointed a committee to "^
act in the matter of taking part In the
reception of the soldiers, and the surplus
from the Washington birthday celebra
tion fund was voted to that end. The
other local councils were invited to ap
point like committees to act in conjunc
tion with Lincoln Council in this matter.FOUND NO CURE
FOR CONSUMPTION
Results of the Tubarcu-
:osis Congress.
IT DID NOT MEET IN VAIN
TREATMENT OF THE POOR ONE
IMPORTANT QUESTION.
The Sanitarium System of Gsrmany
Pronounced the Best for Persons,
Who Cr.nnot Make Long
Journeys.
Pp^-tnl Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, ISJ3, by Jaiiies •3or-"
don Bennett.
.M.V June 3.— Nov.- that the Tu
berculosis •'-:■■ is over .the natural
question is, "What results has it ac
complished?" Has it come, to any prac
'i cal conclusion as to what Is best to
tie done to avoid the most stealthy,
deadly and ■ : Ible of all the diseases
known to man?
It was -thought the wise heads who
assembled here during the past week
and exchanged notes upon their knowl
edge of tuberculosis wouid arrive at
some definite agreement aa 10 what
was a cure for consumption. Such,
however, has not been the case. Some
of those present we're for a i old, dry
and rareniid atmosphere, like that of
Daves in the Engadine. • there were
for the balmy climate of the lilviera.
But by far t,he most, important sub
ject which came up was in ■ question of
the treatment: of the great' masses of
the p.-nr, who cannot afford long jour
neys, it would appear ; ..:i t for general
treatment on a large scale, wnich •is
neetied by the yearly increasing num
ber of the people who suffer fiom tu
berculosis, the one plan available ts the
sanitarium. On this and other Bub
jects one of the principal United States
delegates, \\ ho I uses to allow his
name to be printed, ays:
"The Germans at present have by far
the best system of sanitariums. This
system; we all agreed, is the best with
which to meet tuberculosis. The plan
was conceived by the grandfather of
the present Emperor. All the working
men of the country were compelled to
contribute a trifle toward the building
and maintenance of tuberculosis sani
-4 taria. It will be seen from this how
much it is recognized that tuberculosis
is a national scourge. One hundred and
lifty thousand deaths in a year is the
record in Germany."
In reply to the question as to whether
the treatment of phthisical patients in
sanitaria had given favorable results
he said:
"The results generally have been fa
vorable. The prime necessities are a
dry climate, situation In the country
near a forest and southern exposure."
"What are the comparative results
» obtained between sanitaria winter re
sorts and the Riviera?"
"Sanitaria give the best results."
"Has the discovery of the Koch ba- :
cillus realized the hopes based upon
it?"
"Without the discover} of the tuber
culosis bacillus by Koch the results in
the treatment probably would have not
been secured."
"What role does the meat from ani- i
mals affected by tuberculosis play in
the development and propagation of
tuberculosis in man?"
"The meat from animals used for
food is nearly always cooked and plays
little or no role in the spread of tuber
culosis."
ADVEKTISEMENTS. •
A wreck at sea is not the only place
where a life line is of importance.
There is a life line for the sick, as well as
|->r the drowning man. It is Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. It is not a
cure-all, but it is a scientific medicine that
goes to the fountain head of a number of
serious and fatal diseases. When a man
gets seriously sick, he can generally be
cured by the right course of treatment.
The treatment that cures many obstinate
chronic diseases consists of pure air, good
food, rational exercise, and the use of a
remedy that will: strengthen the weak
stomach, correct the impaired digestion,
invigorate the liver and promote the as-
similation of the live-giving elements of
the food. The "Golden Medical Discov-
ery" accomplishes all these things.'
'! A young man lay pale and motionless upon
f what" neighbors called) his dying bed. Disease
of the lungs, liver complaint, kidney trouble, and
pleurisy ere fast hastening him to the grave.
The doctors had given him up to die. The
neighbors said, he cannot live.' 'Oh. I would
not care to die,' he said, ' were it not for leaving
* rciy dear wife and little child, but I know that I
/^ .just die' A brothel had presented him with
three bottles of medicine, but he had no faith in
' patent medicines ' ; but, after the doctors had
gvi;n him up to die and he had banished every
nope of recovery, he^said to his wife, 'dear wife,
I am goin^ to rlie, there can be no harm now in
taking that medicine. I will begin its use at
once.' He did • k,'iu to use it and at first he
grew worse, but soon there came .- change.
I Slowly but surely he nit better. To-day that
man is strong end healthy and he owes his life
to that medicine What was the medicine? It
was lii iiT <-- Golden Medical Discovery, and
I.; Luther Martin, an the cured man. Dr.
Pierce, I thank you from the very depth of my
heart, for rescuing me. from the "grave." The
foregoing is from Luther Martin, Esq.. a promi-
nent citizen of Lubec. Wood Co., W. Va.
ivisiT DR. JORDAN'S greatJ
Museum OF ANATCMY?
§ £$ 1051 UAmT CT - *»•• 6-Jt?'.h, G.F.C:!. i
T Of Th- Largest Anatomical M . tan in the \
V <3§f»EJ disease po»lU*^ly cured hytVcolde-t T
0 ffifil 51 -*"1 1 °" the Cout hit. 36 years ©
A $f3£r \ OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES I
F(?^2?I)n Consultation free and strirtly private '
t IWI T "*" nem -,v.n.diy, v.n.diy <" |, y letter. A A
fl $P W m Jo- .tin, i; u -e in every case un^rrt;,kcn. ▼
ißlf lift Write for Book, philosophy of i
' ( !1 M»IIHI»I.I . MAILEU FKEE. (AT
II II valuable book for turn) i
f I>IC JORDAN A«'O.. 1051 M:»rk<'tSt..S. F. f
6t* BBKIM'C FOR EITHER si:x.
fc-fe OnllW & Tli In remedy being in-
— y.i-i^ii directly to the
iSS\ iSSRS Heat of those diseaneii
itlid f% , M■ of the Genito-Urinary
M!^. MM In Organs, requires no
SJte ( Wl n B c"» n S e oT diet. Cure
'TjJi HeBR «:u:irac!tf*od in 1 to 3
■■■■■ 1 day*. Small plain pnek-
*•« yT Tra TEC age. t».V mall, Sl.oo.
>!* %.£> JEtXaMolft only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Agent*.
iii Ke*ruy st.. baa Francisco. Cat
THE LATE WAR IN SAMOA.
Malietoan Warriors ir> a LooKout Station Near Apia.
J—N ERLIN. June 3.— At the annual meeting of the Colonial Society this week the Samoan question was dis
-B—«d cussed, arc! it was discussed animatedly ond resolved that the deep national indignation arous 3d by
\—mJ the occurrences at Apia can only be obliterated by the full maintenance of our treaty rights there.
This is significant from the fact that Duke John Albrecht of Mecklenburg, an intimate confidential friend of
the Emperor, presiced.
ATLIN BOOM HAS
RUN ITS COURSE
Discouraging Reports
Are Sent Out.
BY HAL HOFFMXN.
: 'ndenee of The fall.
JUNEAU, Alaska. .May 25.— C. S.
I Beaie of. Marysville, Cal., ha.s just come
j out of Atlin and is on his way home.
JHe has had enough of it. Mr. Beaie
I thinks the Atlin country has- been
greatly overestimated. Whether his
opinion [a the result of an attack of
■ 'cold feet" is not known, but with the
latter Mr. J:<-ale admit.-; he is suffering.
iHe pays he prefers to prospect in
i Southeastern Alaska for sold quartz
i than to chase the placer phantom all
over Alaska. Hundreds of other men
who came here to hunt placer an- now
i prospecting for quartz in place. The
I chances for finding paying ore are
' about even with that of locating good
; gravel, to say the least, and the ex
( pf-npf- is loss by half.
Hundreds of people have left Atlin
and more are leaving daily. This is en
account of disappointment in the coun
try and prospects. Mr. Beaie says the
population of Atlin City is reduced to
about ir>o<). whereas about four weeks
ago the inhabitants of the town num
bered about 3000.
The few claims that are being worked
; are on Pine Creek. Kwi ywher.e else the
snow is too deep, being from three to
six feet deep. Three claims are being
: worked on Pine Creek close to discov
ery, but these are the only ones. Mr.
Beaie says they are paying about an
ounce a day to the man. This is a good
Btarter above bedrock.
It is exceedingly problematical that
this season will show the extent of
■ placer gold deposits in the Atlin coun
! try. The season is already a month
i late both in the Interior and on the
coast among the stamp mills. It will
be about the middle of July, unless un-
I usually warm weather sets in, before
the snow will permit work on all the
creeks that have been located, and de
velopment of the locations will also be
delayed by the complications arising
out of the passage of the anti-alien act,
the failure of locators to record in
tlm«, and the neglect of young Mr,
Kant, ailing for his father, th" former
Qoid Commissioner, to make entries of
'the claims presented for record. It is
improbable that these numerous com
plications can be settled in one season
1 by the one British Columbia Judge who
Us to adjudicate them, and who is net
vet nearer Atlin than Victoria. He is
i waiting for a better trail, with the
i prospect of seeing himself with very
i long hair before he starts, for there is
yet no sign of the breaking up of the
either on lake Bennett or Atlin.
Municipal improvements are proceed
, ing under the direction of the Govern
i inent The streets are being graded in
Atlin City. An English newspaper has
been started at Atlin City with the
! characteristic enterprise of British
journalism "and there is danger of an
other being issued at Discovery City.
SOQUEL GRADUATES.
Diplomas Awarded to a Class of Eight
Members.
SANTA CRUZ, June 3.— The Soquel
public schools held their graduation exer
cises last evening at the Odd Fellows-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4. 1899.
Hall, which was crowded to the doors.
The eight graduates, the faculty and th<
trustees were seated on th.- platform,
which was decorated in red, the class
color, geraniums being th.- only flower
used. The class motto, "OnWard Ever,
Backward Never," was conspicuous.
The graduates wore Cora Comstock, El
mer Hall. Frank Morrison. Ernest Schel
linger, Clara Waddocfc, Ethel Wallace,
Edward Wnite and Edith Young.
The programme was as follows: Selec
tion, orchestra; salutatory. Mis= Edith
Youngs; essay, "Patriotism." Ernest
>; violin solo, Miss Clara Wad-
Idock; essay, "Sell Help." Krank Morri
lass prophecy, Miss Cora Com
stock; vocal solo. Miss Kdith Youngs; es
say, "Geniuß," Miss Ethel Wallace; es
say "Fr<ni. Louisiana to th.- Philiji
pines," Elmer Hall; instrumental duet,
Cora Comstock and Charlotte Read; es
say, "Opportunity." Miss Clara Waddoek;
■ valedictory, Edward White; selection, or
chestra: presentation of diplomas by B.
11. Marbut; class song, "Auld Lang
Syne"; prayer and benediction by Rev.
.\. i;. Snider.
GROWTH OF THE SUGAR
INDUSTRY IN GERMANY
America the Market for Much of the
Surplus Product of the
June 3.— A report of
Interest to beet sugar growers has been
received by the State Department from
Consul Henry Dicdrich at Magdeburg.
It is a collection of the most Tillable
statistics -obtainable since 1877. Tt is al
most entirely composed of tables show
ing tli' development of the industry in
Germany, but of particular interest enly
to those engaged in the business. In
closing Consul Diedricn says:
•'The future of the German export trnde
in stiKai- has of late been engaging many
minds, and I would call special attention
to the above figures bearing on this ex
port up to the present date. These dearly
slmw that Germany must tind an outside
market lor two-thirds of fier production
and that most of this surplus for the past
live years has been sold to England and
the United States. It also will be seen
that in 1W nearly double the quantity
was rushed to our country in anticipation
of the enactment of the Dingley law, but
that the following year showed, again a
fair Average of exports. The first three
months of the present calendar year
seem to furnish no reason for complaint
to the German exporter of sugar. Krom
January 1 to March ft, 1899, the values of
sugar declared at the United States con
sulates at Magdeburg, Hamburg, Da-.ix.ig
and Stettin for export to the 1 nitea
States amounted to $:'.,7:59,934. an Increase
of $3,455,695 over those reported during ihe
first quarter of last year."
ARGUMENT OF FILIPINOS
WHO WANT TO SURRENDER
SKATTI.K. Wash.. June 3.— According
to a letter from a Washington volunteer
in the Philippine* a novel argument hp
been presented by Filipinos ut Manila who
favor the unconditional surrender of the
Insurgents. They have sent a resolution
Into the interior" which reads in part as
'■•Would to God that the Filipinos might
learn ;i lesson from the s:id history of
the Confederate States of America. The
Confederates were defeated by land atvl
&ea more completely than were th«- Span
iards and after four years of most bit
t. 1 ami bloody fißhtiriK they surrendered
unconditionally. Their land whs laid to
waste and the country Is still far behind
Other sections of the United States in
prosperity. We have certainly shown our
patriotism and bravery and surely our
honor has been satisfied. We have pot
nothing- to gain and everything 1 to lose by
the unequal stmgxle. We have a group
of a thousand Islands inhabited by 8,000,
--000 people. They have 80.000,000 now and
B.OOOfODO blacks aa well able to stand the
tropical climate ;ik Filipinos. America is
generous, ;ts is shown by the treatment
of the Confederate States after surren
dering. Let us give up. Already there is
a party In the I'nlon that favors giving us
liberty, but that only after American
honor has been satisfied by our complete
defeat."
Santa Barbara Shaken.
SANTA BARBARA, June 3.— An earth
quake shock was felt at 10:23 o'clock this
morning. The motion was from east to
v.-st. Buildings were slightly shaken,
but no damage was done.
MRS. MAYBRICK
MAY BE FREED
Likely to Be Released at
Any Moment.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, June 3.— A representative
of the Associated Press has made In
quiries with the result that he is able
to confirm the report that those who
have been working in favor of Mrs.
Florence Maybrick will not be sur
prised at her release at any moment,
now that the United States Embassa
dor, Joseph H. Choate, has had two in
terviews on the subject with the Mar
quis of Salisbury, at which his strong
representations of the American view
of the matter met with a most prom
ising reception.
Mr. Choate, since his arrival in Ena
land, has taken the liveliest interest in
the case. He has received every shred
Of information in the matter, has asked
for higher judicial opinions, and bis
own legal knowledge has given him
exceptional facilities in dealing with
the intricacies of the case. One of Mrs.
Maybrick's advocates, a well-known
worker of the Liberal party. J. H. Levy,
provided Mr. Choate with a specially
compiled dossier of the whole case, in
the collation of which he received the
advice of the highest legal authorities
in the kingdom, including the Lord
Chief Justice, Baron Russell of Kil
lowen, and Lord James of Hereford,
Attorney General to the Prince of
Wales, one of the calmest judicial
minds, who definitely states that the
position as left by Henry Matthews
(the former Home Secretary, now Vis
count Landaff) is absurd and shows in
the strongest light the present con
fused state of the English criminal law.
Mr. Choate received the most definite
instructions from Washington, the gist
being that he was to press for an im
mediate revision of the case, as the
United States Government considered
the time had arrived for an immediate
consideration of it. To these instruc
tions and the spirit in which they are
being carried out by Mr. Choate. who
said "I will see this thing through."
Mrs. Maybrick's pending freedom will
be largely due.
IDENTIFYING THE LETTERS.
Newspaper Owners Testify Against
Mrs. Yda Addis Storke.
SANTA BARBARA. June 3.— This was
newspaper day in the Yda Addis Storke
libel trial. The proprietors of the local
papers wore on the stand to prove the
authorship of letters supposed to have
heen written by the defendant. Mrs.
Storko worked on the papers. The pro
prietors gave testimony regarding her
handwriting. Postmaster Maulsby was
on the witness stand. - Through him the
anonymous libelous letters were called to
the attention of the Postofflce Depart
ment. The trial will probably last all of
next week.
Altgeld Will Resign.
CHICAGO, June 3.— John P. Altgeld not
only confirms the report that he Intends to
resign from the Ways and Means Com
mittee of the Democratic National Com
mittee, but made the announcement that
Senator James K. Jones is also thinking
of severing his connection with the com
mmee. He said to-night: "The only rea
son why I wish to be relieved of the duties
pertaining to that committee is that I
have enough other work to do."
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
PRIVILEGES FOR
CABLE STATIONS
Can Be Secured From
Germany.
INFORMAL UNDERSTANDING
- ♦
SO UNCLE SAM IS NOT WORRIED
AS TO CAROLINES.
Naval Officers Think, However, That
America Should Have Trik^n All
of Spain's Isj rinds in the
Pnciflc.
Special nispatch to Th<> Cjall.
NEW YORK, June 3.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the, Herald tele
graphs: By Germany's acquisition of
the Caroline Islands the United States
can get without cost the cable station
privileges for which Spain demanded a
big price when the matter was under
consideration by the Peace Commission
in Paris. There is good reason for be
lieving that there is already an infor
mal understanding between the two
countries whereby Germany stands
read; to grant tht- United States privi
leges regarding the landing of an
American cable at some desirable point
in tha Caroi-r.es similar to those we re
cently granted for the German cable
in the United Suites. It cannot of
j coin so be officially -stated that Germany
formally altered ;u the time she asked
to be allowed to land the German cable
I in the vicinity of New York to return
the con phnieni by giving us a cable in
the Caiolines when she got them. I
have reliable Information ihat the ad
ministration authorities have not only
know.. Lor a long time in it Germany
w:is going to purchase Spain's remain
ing Pacific Islands, bu: that the United
States couid hnvo cable privileges in the
Islands under the wev; sovereignty if
this country desired them.
It h;;s not yet 'developed that the
United States will avail itself of a ca
ble concession. In the surveys of a di
rect cable mute to Manila thus far
I made the Carolines have not been in
cluded, ths policy being to avoid if pos
sibl • making landings in any foreign
territory.
I talked to-day with a high official
of the administration, who said: "No
concern Is felt by tins Government at
the acquisition by Germany "i" the re
mainder <-f Spain's island possessions in
the Pacific. Although the monetary
consideration is not lar,Te, other conces
sions are given, and that under which
Germany" guarantees to protect Spain's
coaling station in the islands in the
event of war might be construed in the
nature of an alliance with the Madrid
| Government. ( »f course a nation at war
with Spain would at once endeavor to
obtain her outlying possessions, and
<;>-!inany's objection in the case of Pa
; cific stations would probably embroil
the Berlin Government."
Tn naval circles considerable disap
pointment has been expressed at the
failure of the United Sta.tes to demand
all of Spain's islands in the PacifleftUld
it is recognized that their purchase has
given a formidable power a splendid
naval base from which to operate in
case of war with this country. They
point out that all of those islands are
in proximity to the Philippines.
Rear Admiral Bradford, chief of the
Bureau of Equipment, who was the
naval attache to the Peace Commission,
strongly urged upon that body that all
of the Spanish islands be taken. He
gave it as his opinion that if the United
States did not take possession of the
Carolines Spain would sell them to Ger
many, and the latter, he declared, was
the most troublesome neighbor we
could have.
TEN MILLION PESETAS
FOR THE CAROLINES
BERLIN, June 3.— A high official tells
the correspondent here of the Associated
Press that the acquisition of the Carolines
is a valuable rounding' of the German pos
sessions, at the same time injuring- no
other power, but rather the contrary. He
added: "The negotiations began as soon
as. it became known that the United
States would obtain the Philippines. The
United States and Great Britain did not
raise any objections."
Officials of the United States embassy
state that the United States Government
has been kept informed of every step
taken by Germany since the autumn and
that German ownership of the islands in
no way interferes with American plans
and policy in that quarter.
It is reported in diplomatic circles that
Germany pays ten million pesetas for the
islands. ■ . *■ '
Responding to the statement of the Lon- |
don Standard that the cession' of the Caro- j
lines Is Germany's reward for diplomatic
service rendered by her to Spain, the Ber
liner Neueste Nachrlchten says the . insin- j
uation is more than counterbalanced by |
the much more reasonable utterances of
the Times and ,' Morning Post ; regarding
the cession. : . ' ■ -
It adds that the assertion that Germany
did not show equal honest neutrality to
either side during the Spanish-American
war, as well as the "untrue supposition
that Germany had intended to acquire
possession of the Philippines or part
thereof, have been refuted by . the Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs. Baron yon Bulow,
in his speech in the Reichstag -when he
was applauded by all parties."
The same old Bismarck organ, being
also the. organ of the German Colonial
party looks upon the cession of the isl
ands* as a symptom ; of the existence of
very friendly relations between the United
States and Germany.
The Post of this city,. a strong govern
mental paper, writing in a similar strain,
thinks the cession is "an indirect proof of
the restoration of. the most cordial terms
between the . two countries," > pointing out
that a treaty by- which Germany becomes
a neighbor to the United States in the Pa
cific Ocean "would hardly have been con
cluded if Germany had not been perfectly
assured that the appearance of her Hag
in 'the Caroline archipelago would not
create any kind of bad feeling in "Wash-
The extenslon of German sovereignty in
The extension of German sovereignty in
the neighborhood of the Philippines, the
Post also says, is the "best refutation of
the alienations which have been made,
as pertinaciously, and- unsucessfully, as
to the disturbance of the good relations
between the United States and Ger
many." •' . ■ : , ' .
NOW CERTAIN OF ELECTION.
Henderson Will Succeed Reed as
Speaker of the House.
CHICAGO, June 3.— Congressman D. B.
Henderson of lowa arrived in Chicago
to-day to meet, he said, some of his
friends on the Illinois, Wisconsin and
Michigan delegations. Congressman
Hopkins was the first to greet him, and
they conferred together for over an hour.
Advices received to-day, it is asserted by
Colonel Henderson's friends, assures his
selection as Speaker.
The following votes General Henderson
says are now pledged to him: Illinois, 14;
Ohio, 15; Wisconsin, 10; Minnesota, 7;
South-Dakota, 2; Massachusetts, 10; Mary
land, 4.
To this will be added to a certainty. It
is asserted, the votes of the Michigan and
Indiana delegations— twelve from the for
mer and nine from the latter— giving him i
a total of 04 votes, or one more than a
majority of the Republican votes in the
House.
WOMAN TRIES TO
CRUCIFY HERSELF
Drives a Nail Through
Hands and Feet.
THEN CALLED HER MISTRESS
AND SAID SHE WAS GOING TO
DIE.
An Insane Domestic Attempts to
Atone for an Imaginary Sin,
but Her Life Is
Saved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 3.— A Burlington,
Vt.. special to the Herald says: _ Pos
sessed with the idea that she 'must
i ruclfy herself, after the manner of
Christ's crucifixion, Delia Dutelly, 42
I years old, a domestic in the family of
C. A. Barber, drove, in succession, a
s]>ikc ihrnugh both hands and both feet
j yesterday and lay down to die. She
! was taki-n to a hospital and will prob
: ably recover.
The woman has not been herself for
\ several days. She went to her room
i about 10 o'clock Thursday morning.
; Sc-on afterward Mrs. Barber heard
| pounding, but thought nothing of it.
Luter she heard a call from the woman,
; and, gmng to hvr room, found her lying
on the floor. In each hand and foot was
1 a wour.d made by a spike and blood was
flowing from small wi.-unds in her fore
head. Deliy calmly announced to her
mistress that she had crucified herself
and was going to die.
:*l is. Barber hurried her into bed and
later had her taken to the hospital. She
refused to have a physician, and said
■ !:■■ only wanted to see Father Barrett.
She said she had known for several
days she must do this thing. It was her
atonement for sin.
The deed was planned with great care
and executed- with entire disregard of
pain. But one nail was used and it was
therefore necessary to pull it from the
flesh for each new driving. The woman
had taken a bath and nut on clean
Hothing before she began her crucifix
ion.
THAT COMMERCIAL TREATY.
Little Progress Made by German and
American .Representatives.
BERLIN. June 3.— There have been sev
eral conferences this week between Sec
retary JacKson of the United States Em
basay and Under Secretary Rightoven of
the Foreign Office anent the proposer!
commercial treaty. The matter is making
tittle progress, as Germany still insists on
chiimlng. under the most favored nation
Clause, all advantages resulting from last
year's French treaty without granting
any equivalents. The United States Gov
ernment, however, is not prepared to ad
mit the claim.
Tlu- creation of a German trust at Bres
lau leads the Tajjeblatt to remark that
thereby the inland price of German sugar
will be kept at VJ.\ marks per 100 kilos for
unrefined sugar against 10 for export and
German sugar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ij protected
1-^* ULvv-Lvvl
here - ■ ■
We are thoroughly ■ ac-
y^^^^l§Mw quainted with our clothing—
' |B|P whatever we say about it is
iSII 111111 based upon our complete
liSptftißivl knowledge of it— as we make
the clothing ourselves, in our
*§l||i||||§l^ We are safe in saying with
J&&B every suit or overcoat sold here:
W$M Money returned if you
-- if if Clothes kept in repair free
" ; |i il for one year.
aw We give this guarantee to
protect you — but we are posi-
tive that the clothes will stand the guarantee.
By making the clothing ourselves in great quanti-
ties we can figure closely on all we sell. And you'll
save if you buy of us.
Here's some proof of the above:
Herring-bone box overcoats, like the picture;
silk velvet collars satin sleeve linings; body lining-
farmers' satin; two inside pockets; come in two shades.
You know how popular the herring-bone is. d*T/"Y
These overcoats have been sold here right {ft J_V/
along for $12.50, but we have cut them to each.
Trousers— light striped worsteds. Stripe is new
— is just here from New York, the fashion center; will
be worn to a great extent this fall; they have arrived
about four months ahead of time. Why not number
among the first wearers? Trousers are all worsted,
double and twisted weave; have side pockets; come
in two shades; suitable for every day or dress &f\
trousers ;Jobk well with a dark frock cutaway, ft)
Price of them is ... . . . . ...'.../. . . ........... a pair.
f®vS.N.WOOO S CO (®)
v^' 718 MARKET St.
■:■.:'; ' Out-of-town orders filled — write us. ■«-
PRISON PENS FOR .
WARDNER RIOTERS
Permanent Guardhouse
Being Built.
SOLITUDE FOR INCORRIGIBLES
WILL BE KEPT IN SEPARATE
COMPARTMENTS.
Attorney General Must Show Cause
Why Habeas Corpus Should
Not Issue in Boyle's
Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call/
WARDNER. Idaho, June 3.— There
are 345 prisoners in the stockade at
this place. Several now buildings con
nected with the prison are under con
struction, one- being a guardhouse with
twelve stalls for solitary confinement of
incorrigibles. All the new buildings
and improvements indicate perma
nency.
The impeachment case against Sher
iff Young and County Commissioner
Boyle will commence before Judge
Stewart at Wallace next Monday. It
is expected the inquest will be con
cluded by next Saturday. Mure than
350 witnesses have been examined and
valuable evidence secured. State Audi
tor Sinclair left for Boise to-day and
will return Wednesday.
There is difficulty in securing miners
in Canyon Creek. The union men are
threatening new arrivals despite the
presence of United States troops.
BOISE, Idaho, June C— The Boyle
habeas corpus case was continued be
fore Judge Beatty to-day. The Judge
would not issue the writ, basing his ac
tion on the defects of the petition. He
finally denied the alternative writ and
ordered the Attorney General to show r
cause why habeas corpus should not
issue. This phase of the matter will be
argued on Monday.
WALLACE, Idaho, June 3.— Two
Canyon Creek mines will be running
to-morrow. The Standard started to
day with a small force, but will not at
tempt to take out ore until more men
are engaged, only development work
being done. Workmen were sent from
here to Burke to-day to start the Hecla
mine to-morrow morning with a full
force. This morning the train from
| Burke was ditched, but in spite of that
! nearly 300 union men and women
walked to this place to attend the
funeral of Michael Devine. who died in
the Wardner Prison on Thursday.
SHOOTS AT A FOOTPAD.
Los Gatos Man Halted by a Masked
Man at San Jose. .
SAX JOSE. June 3.— Charles Roberts, a
butcher employed by Popper & Gelatt at
Los Gatos. while walking between Alma
and the Forest House early this evening
was stopped by a masked footpad. Rob
erts drew his pistol and fired at the foot
pad, who dropped. Roberts then hurried
to Los Gatos and informed the officers,
who are now searching for the robber.
34
BATTLE FOR LIFE
WITH TWO WOLVES
Kansas Man Barely Escapes Being
Slain by the Enraged
Beasts.
BURLINGTON. Kan*.. Juno 3.— A battle for life with wolves in Kansas in
is an occurrence so remarkable as to be almost beyond belief; but,
ng i' the story of several reputable citizens, that is what befell a man
from Guthrie, Oklahoma, one of the last days of May.
Wo was traveling overland in a covi red wagon, and the adventure occurred
between the towns of Burlington and GrMley, In the eastern portion of the State.
In approaching a ravine spanned by a culvert he was startled to see two large
gray wolvef es almost extinct in the settled prairie country coming
toward him at a run. They plunged under the culvert and the man drove across,
and went back to Investigate their strange conduct.
He had pcarc< ly ,■ .1 the m.nith of the culvert when both wolves sprang
Mm. Unarpied and disconcerted by the suddenness of
the attack, he defended himself with his hands as well as possible while retreat-
Ing toward th. wagon. The animals leaped ai his throat and bit and tore his
flesh ai became so weak and exhausted by the struggle
conflict would have resulted fatally for him but for
the opi '■■:■ . . companion from Burlington. They
a rifle from th< wagon and wounded om of the wolves, but both of them
... T!m ca r ■ straord I i was revealed by the dis
-..wii cubs, tv\. ol which were killed and the other cap
tured .iliV I.
. sheveled traveler was taken to Gridley, where medical
to enable him to continue on his journey to Guthrie.
He will carrj to his grave th< rae of the- wounds received in his fool
hardy invasion of a den of wolvi
it is probable the pack w:is ti i m some distant place when the en
counter occurred, as i bad been seen in the country for many
years. The <;• m under the culvert did not have the appearance of a permanent
lbs were placed there temporarily while the parent
wolves were foraging.
DESERTIONS OF
BRITISH TARS
Why They Leave Ships
in Our Ports.
: . the Ase i Lated Pron.
LONDON, Juj Admiral Field
(retired) brought up In the House of
Commons last month the Question of
"crimping" ai ertions of
sailors, chiefly in American
the upshot b< ing that the British
uls were requested to report on the
subject, and an Interesting blue book
was Issued to-day, comprising the re
nsuls at New York, San
Francisco, Philadelphia, Baltimore and
Portland, Or., describing the operations
rding-house keepers and ship-
In alluring- men to leave
ships.
Consul Moore, at San Francisco, sug
gests that the boarding-house ke< p< rs
could he checkmated by the con
certed afforts of 1 1 1 * - masters of ships
and be kept out of the vessels, as they
are no longer in such a strong position
as to make an organized light. The
treaty providing for the arrest of de
ra has not prov< d of much Bervii
• .wing to the expense of proceedings.
Consul Laidlav. . at Portland, Or..
urges r.ruat Britain to conclude a com
prehensive consular convention with
the United States, giving the lattei
same exclusive Juried!* tion as enjoyed
by the French and German consuls.
The general gist of the reports ap
bi that the sailors desert in
order to secure the higher rat
wages obt
but that the number of desertions is
using.
The recent neglect <>f the Bank of
England to protect its gold reserve has
leep and unfavorable impres
sion in the city and is evoking an un
usual amount of hostile banking criti
cism. Many of the directors themselves
are said to be greatly dissatisfied with
th'- recent management, during which
th" bank concentrated its; whole atten
tion on Increasing its purely banking
ness, neglecting its duties as the
holder of the country's ultimate bank
ing reserve.
The Statist in a strong article on the
subject this week says: "England is
absolutely depend* ni on the amount of
gold held by the bank, which is over
D millions less than the amount
held by ih>- associated banks of New
York. The total Btoek of gold in th"
bank is now a tittle over thirty millions,
While the Bank of Russia holds a hun
flred millions."
The Statist also declares the country
ought noi be again exp ised to the
danger and humiliation it had to face
during the Harms crisis through the
bank's neglect of its duty.
SATURDAY OBSERVED
AS A DAY OF REST
Series of Praise Services Conducted
in the Adventist Camp at
Stockton.
STOCKTON, Juno 3.— The Adventists
have k-'ni Saturday holy as the Sab
bath. The big camp was early this
morning divided Into five divisions Cor
the Btudy of Sabbath school lessons un
der the general supervision <>f President
Henry Scotl of the State Sabbath
School Association. At n o'clock Bldtr
J. x. Loughborough spoke in ih g
tent t<> a targe audience on the subject
"God's Dealings With Ancient and
Mip'lprii Israel." At an after-dinner
service Elder J. A. Brunson preached
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEUTZ & ,;£RMANN,
AY, FRANCE.
DEUTZ & CELDERM ANN'S
COLD LACK
la without doubt the finest Dry Champa«A«
Imported from France. No connoisseur
•hsuJd' fall to try it. - ' ■ • ■
I ' ~s: !•■ / ' •, ■ ' ■• ■
CHARTERS MEINEOKB * CO.,
Sol* Amenta Pacific Copt,
, ; -..-- M.4 Sacramento street, '. 6. F.
on tne subject "The Powers of God as
Manifested in the Plan of Salvation."
The ,i;,y was beautiful and there were
many visitors to the camp. Hardly any
cooking was done, as the Adventists
observe literally the injunction not tv
work upon the seventh day of the week.
Th,. work of the Medical Missionary
Benevolent Association was taken
up late yesterday and the following
were elected as a board of directors,
subject to the approval of the stock
rs at th<> annual meeting to be
held at Crystal Springs, CaL: For two
years, Dr. A. J. Sanderson, F. B. Mo
ran. \v. T. Knwx, J. A. Burden; for on<
year, Dr. Thomas coolidpro. Dr. Georgi
ii. Eieald, E. E. Parlin and Harry 11.
Haines.
A resolution of sympathy was ex
tended to relatives and friends erf Julia
A- Owen, a regularly ordained minister
of the denomination, whose death oc
curn ■! during the year. ■
FAVORS THE CESSION OF
ARID LANDS TO STATES
Import of the Resolutions as Adopted
by the Trans-Mississippi
Congress.
v rCHITA, Knits.. June 3. — It transpired
to-day, when the final emendations
Inserted in the. arid land cession resolu
tion adopted yesterday, that the action
tak< •!! had been in the nature of a com
promise in committee, rather more favor
able '.'> the out-and-oul cession of arid
lands to (he States, if any difference, than
: Btruction of storage reservoirs
by Federal aid, for which $200,000,000 was
asked. Other resolutions additional to
adopted yesterday wi ted as
follows:
]■'.>•■ GoTernment construction and ■>wi
• ■rship »>f a Nicaragua canal; opening of;
rest E > ass, Mississip I Delta; rush
deep water work at Houston, Tex.;
lugar industry by Con
re-enactment of the original home
coolie or ot •.• :
tract labor: recognizing the prowess of:
the army and navy in the lute war with
Spain.
State vie. presidents and executive
committeemen were announced, including
the follow :
Arizona— Governor N. O. Murphy, Phoe
nix.
California— J. K. Lankershlm, Los An-
Colorado— J. Maurice Finn, ("ripple
Creek.
United Commercial Travelers— Henry
Wallenstein, Wichita.
Montana I. J>. O'Donnell, Billings.
Nevada H. B. Maxson, Reno.
N. w Mexico— R. W. Tansil. Carlsbad.
Oregon — G. M. trwin, Salem.
Utah John Henry Smith. Salt Lake.
Wyoming— L C. Miller, liuwllns.
Executive committee:
Arizona— D. M. Reardon, Tucson; N. O.
Murph . Phoenix.
California— George ,11. Maxwell, San;
Trail.
irado— Alva Adams, Pueblo; T. M.
I tt< rson, Denver.
United Commercial Travelers— X. E.
Beach Wichita; Will Day, Concordla.
Montana— A. F. Babcook, Billings; John
M Evans, Missoula.-
Nevada— -C. D. Van Duser, John S. ■
Parks.
New Mexico— C. N. Bayne, Raton; A. S. ;
GoetZ, Katon.
Oregon— Hon. J. A. Taylor, Pendleton; !
I. M. McCrum, Forest Qrove.
Utah— L, W. Shurtllff, Ogden.
Wyoming— C. G. Coutant, Landers; W,
H. Holllday*, Laramie.
SUISUN VALLEY FRUIT
GROWERS LEND SUPPORT
Twenty-Three Men Subscribe Toward
the Proposed Refrigerator-
Car Line.
SUISUN, June 3.— A meeting of fruit
growers was held here this afternoon un
der the auspices of the State Association.
.1 W. Reams of Suisun Valley presided.
The first speaker was R. D. Stephens,
who spoke at '.ength regarding the neces
sity tor growers combining to protect
their own interests. He said the time had
arrived for practical action, and made •
strong appeal for support for a refriger
ator car line to be owned and controlled
by the growers.
Will Lovedal. another member of the
Itive committee of the State Asso
ciation, explained the plan for the organ
ization. He was followed by E. I. (lal
vln, who made a forcible appeal for the
growers to support the new refrigerator
car line.
In response twenty-throe growers sub-
Bcribed tor fifty-one shares of stock at
?50 a share. A committee consisting of
F. S. Jones. Fred Chadbourne, Frank L.
Gordon, J. W. Reams and Charles Wil
liams was appointed to canvass this sec
tion fur further subscriptions. Tn the
evening a meeting was held at Vacaville.
PRODUCES A BLUE ROSE.
Remarkable Achievement of a Bul
garian Floriculturist.
Xf-;w York. June *.— A cable to the
World from Vienna says: Johann
Steparaki of ECezanlik district, known as
Valley of Roses," Bulgaria, has suc
ceeded, it la declared, In producing a rose.
of azure blue. lit has been engaged for
many years in experimenting on the hues
<•;■ differ,. nt Bowers and has produced
v m< curious results.
The blue rose is <aid to be perfect in
color and shape, and Steparaki. while
Denying that the rolor is the result of
chemical treatment, declines to reveal the
of cultivation.'
FORTY-FIVE TEMBLORS
WITHIN FIVE HOURS
West Indian Island of, Montgerrat
Jarred v by a Series of Seismic
•■'";;■ Disturbances.
KINGSTON. -Jamaica, June. 3. —Advices !
from the Island of. .Montserrat, one of th«
British West ; Indies," report that forty-five !
earthquakes occurred in a period of five I
hours on May 17 and that these were fol- I
lowed by frequent slight Bhocks. Much |
damage was done to buildings and grow
ing crops and a few fatalities occurred."
The population, the advices say, is de- '
moralized. ..... \. • • ;\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
DISPUTE AS TO
THE BOUNDARY
British Review of the
Negotiations.
PROPOSALS FOR ARBITRATION
ALASKAN CONTROVERSY DE
LAYED COMMISSION'S WORK.
...»
Various Rules Were Outlined for Set
tlement, but an Adjustment
Was Delayed by Ob
jections.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 3.— The Foreign Office j
Issued a Parliamentary paper to-night ,
giving in detail the proceedings of thai
Joint High Commission In Washington on j
February 18 relating to the British pro
posals for arbitration on the Alaskan |
boundary. It says the British Commls- j
sioners proposed the Immediate appoint
ment of a tribunal of arbitration to de
termine the boundary between Alaska'
i and ' lanada from the southernmost point
at Prince of Wales Island to Mount St. .
Elias, in accordance with the Anglo- |
Russian treaty of February 28, 1825, cha •
I tribunal to ctmsist of three jurists, one >
j nominated by the Privy Council, one by |
President McKlnley and the third to be |
selected by the two nominees.
The ruhs governing the arbitrators
were as follows:
A. Adverse holding of prescription dur- j
ing a period of fifty years shall make good
the title. The arbitrators may deem ex
clusive political control of the district, as
well as settlement 'hereof, sufficient to
constitute adverse holding or make pre
scriptive title.
B. The arbitrators may recognize and
Heel to rights of claims resting on |
any other ground valid according to in
ternational law or principles of Interna
tional law that the arbitrators may deem
1 applicable to the case which arc not in
; contravention of rule A.
C. in determining; ihe boundary, If the
territory of any one party shall be found i
: bi th.> tribunal to have been at the date ,
of this treat;/ in occupation "t' the sub- '
jects or citizens of the other party, such
effei ts shall he given to such occupation
: as reason, justice, the principles of inter
national law and the equity of the case
| require.
The other articles provide for a meet-
Ing sixty days after the printed articles ;
are submitted; that all questions, In
cluding the final Judgment, shall be de- j
termined by a majority of all the arbitra
tors, the decision, If possible, to be ren
dered within three months of the clos<
of arguments; and the employment of j
necessary assistance of scientific experts, :
each Government to pay Its own expenses j
and the other expenses to be equally di- '
Vided.
The concluding article provides that the
high contracting parties shall engage to
consider th<- result of the proceedings as
a full, perfect and final settlement of all
questions referred to the arbitrators.
The Americans accepted the proposals
as the basis of adjustment, hut they pro
posed in addition to the Anglo-Russian
treaty that the boundary should be :Ic
fined in accordance with the Russian-
American treaty of cession or as tne
same shall be established by -the tribunal.
under rules hereinafter provided, ttte
tribunal to consist of six impartial jurist.-^
of repute, three to be nominated by the
Privy Council ajjd> three by. the President
of the l nited, States. The America^
;ils'i proposed ah amendment to rule A,
as follows:
"In considering the 'roast'- referred to in
said treaties, it is understood that the
• continent is intended and that all
towns and settlements on tidewater set
tled under authority of the United States
and under jurisdiction of the United
States at the date of the treaty shall
remain within the territory and juris
diction of the United States."
The Uritish Commissioners regretted
that they were absolutely unable to ac
•!:• suggested modification to their
proposition, because the suggested Ameri
can tribunal did not provide a tribunal
which would necessarily and in the pos
silile event of dlff< r< nc< I of opinion finally
dispose of the Question, and because the
amendment to rule C marked an import
ant departure from the rules of tho \ ene
zuelan boundarj :• ference, which left all
BUCfa questions to be determined by the
tribunal, and because the words added by
tin (Jnited States claim that an effect
Bhould be given to their occupation of
land In Jlriiish territory, which justice,
reason and the equities of the case re
quire.
The British Commissioners also ob
i that the language used with refer
ence to the coast was open to miscon
struction, and they were of the opinion
that it was useless to further press the
negotiations at present and that they
must refer the matter to their Govern
ment for an exchange of views in re
spect to the constitution of thij tribunal.
The Americans inquired whether the
British Commissioners had considered
the question of selecting an umpire from
the American continent. The British
members replied in the affirmative, add
ing that they thought it most objection
able, in view of the policy long main
tained and recently asserted by the Gov
ernment of the United States toward
other nations on the said continent. The
ion of an umpire by any such na
tion would not oiler a guarantee Of im
partiality, which waa the first qualifica
tion requisite.
The Americans then proposed to proceed
to settle the remaining subjects, as they
thought it would be unwise to defer ad
justments so nearly concluded. Several
subjects were so far advanced as to as
sure the probability of a settlement. If.
then, all the differences except one could
now be adjusted would it not be most
commendable to advance neighborly
friendship and could not the respective
Governments be trusted to settle the
principal remaining difference by direct
negotiations? The British Commissslon
ers replied that all questions should be
deferred until the boundary was disposed
of either by agreement or by reference to
arbitration, because the manner In which
they were prepared to adjust some oth->r
important matters must depend upon
whether It would be possible to arrive at
a settlement of all questions which might
at any time occasion acute controversy
and even conflict.
VETERAN FIREMAN RETIRES.
Served on the San Francisco Depart
ment in the Sixties.
STOCKTON, Juno 3.— Charles McGhan,
' for seventeen years a member of the
Stockton Fire Department, has resigned
|on account of advancing: age. Previous
to his connection with the Stockton de
partment McGhan was a member of the
I San Francisco department, having seen
1 service there &a early as 1869. He was an
! active participant in the trouble between
; the rival chiefs. Scannell and Whitney
l lr- was much attached to the cause of
the former, and when the Whitney r'om
-1 mission came in he and several others
were thrown out. They subscribed to a
I fund and helped Scunnell make his fight.
i In a few weeks things came their way
and they had the satisfaction of seeing
the other fellows take a walk and were
reinstated at their old posts.
In San Francisco McGhan waa discip
i lined but twice. Once was for taking a
run over to Oakland for the purpose of
attending B picnic, in which lark he was
accompanied by two other members of
the department. On the boat over he saw
, smoke toward the Mission and, believing
tt waa a fire, he returned on the next
boat and was able to nut in two hours'
' work. He was laid off for fifteen days,
while the firemen who went on to the
picnic escaped with thirty days' suspen
sion.
ST. LOUIS ON THE MUD.
But the Liner Soon Floated and Con
tinued Her Voyage.
SOUTHAMPTON. June B.— The Ameri
can line steamer St. Louis, Captain Ran
dle. which sailed for New Tork via Cher
bourg, grounded on the mud near Colshot
THEORIES AS TO
CAUSE OF WRECKS
Disasters on the Manacles May
Have Beer) Caused by Chaog
iog Lizard Lights.
LONDON, June 3.— The wreck of the Mohegan and the grounding of
the Paris on almost the same spot of the dreaded Manacles have caused
much discussion in the London papers. The Phoenix, a weekly review,
published a sensational story to the effect that while both disasters ap
parently cannot be explained, a possible solution could be found in the
theory that the Lizard lights were inaccurate. It points out that
these lights are so screened that only portions of them are visible, and
that Admiralty directions state that when steamers coming down the
channel get these two lights in line,' then the course would clear the
Manacles. But the Phoenix points out that should one of these lights
be tampered with and the screen be shifted so that the light would be
expospd more than usual, a vessel steering for these lights would be
brought upon the Manacles. Of course this is merely a supposition, but
as there appears to be no satisfactory explanation for these (wo disas
ters this hypothesis attracts much attention.
! Castle, but was quiek'y floated and pro
ceeded on her voyage. She passed Hurst
Castle at 3:45 p. m. It Is stated that the
St. Louis grounded while trying to keep
i clear of some yacht's that were racing.
TWO DAYS' CELEBRATION.
San Rafael Native Sons Planning for
the Fourth of July.
j SAN RAFAEL, June The birthday of
, the nation will be celebrated in a spirited
i manner in this city. Mount Tamalpais
: Parlor No. 64, Native Sons of the Golden
• West, has taken the affair in hand with
the view of making it the most successful
| celebration ever held In Marin County.
I The plans laid out by the committee hav
ing charge contemplate two davs of fes
tivity, and the ball will be set rolling on
July 3 by an open air concert on the
courthouse grounds. At midnight bells
; will ring and cannon boom to announce
the arrival of the Fourth.
On the Fourth there will be a parade,
, literary exercises in the Opera-house, a
j picnic at the park and fireworks at night.
The orator of the day will be United
j States District Attorney Frank L. Coombs
and Judge Angellotti will preside. S. G.
Herzog will be grand marshal.
The affair is in charge of the following
committees:
Executive— E. J. Hayden, chairman; S.
Herzog, treasurer; W. F. Magee, secre
: tary; A. E. Scott, F. M. Angellotti W. S.
; Dreypolcher, W. J. Eden, L. A. Hughes.
Finance— W. S. Dreypolcher, I* A.'
Hughes, C. F. McAllister.
Parade-^- W. S. Dreypolcher, A. E. Scott,
S. Herzog. Sirvpi&gp
•K Parade— W. S. Dreypolcher, L. A.
Hughes, C. F. McAllister.
Literary— F. M. Angellotti, E. J.' Hay
! den, W. F. Magee.
Music— W. J. Eden. A. E. Scott.
Decoration— A. E. Scott, S. Herzog.
Park— la. A. Hughes, A. E. Scott.
(lames and races W. S. Dreypolcher.
Transportation— E. J. Hayden.
Press— W. J. Eden.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S EYES.
There Is No Necessity for Performing
an Operation.
Special Cable to The Call ami th" New fork
HoraUl. Copyrighted, isni', by jHni.-.- Gor
dnn Bennett.
:. I^ONDOfJ.,' June 3.— For some time no
little concern has been felt ' at the'per
sistent repetition of the report that the
Queen's eyes were .in a critical state,
notwithstanding the denials that such
was the case. The British Medical Jour
nal now clinches the matter finally by
stating practically what was, cabled to
the Herald week before last. It is .■]
mitted that for some time changes have
taken pla.oe in her Majesty's eyesight, as
an incident of her advanced years, but the
Medical Journal says that* the deteriora
tion has ceased and that it has authority
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS-FREE. CALL OR WRITE
B/ Weakness, >3^
Si Nervousness, vi
F' Sleeplessness, B
Paleness,
P Emaciation, fl
• • vUv • • « /Jq¥
"-■■■•••■ IT IS A WELL-KNOWN FACT THAT HUDYAN HAS CURED MORE PEOPLE. ®
f AND IS TO-DAY CURING MORE PEOPLE. THAN ANY OTHER REMEDY., THIS ♦
•) IS DUE TO A PECULIAR PROPERTY THAT BELONGS TO HUDYAN ALONE. ®
r IN REACHING EVERY- NERVE AND FIBER OF THE HUMAN ORGANISM IN *"
V ITS CURATIVE INFLUENCE. ' ; ®
*■ THE EFFECT OF HUDYAN IS NOT ALONE TO REMOVE SYMPTOMS. BUT -
V-, IT GOES TO THE ROOT OF THE EVIL; IT REMOVES THE CAUSE OF X
jj DISEASE.- THIS MAKES IT A MOST VALUABLE REMEDY FOR 'WEAK AND (^
f. WORN WOMEN WHO SUFFER WITH THE ABOVE SYMPTOMS; -WOMEN i-
s> WHOSE BLOOD HAS BECOME THIN AND WATERY; WOMEN WHO SUFFER f^
r. WITH PAINS AND IRREGULARITIES PECULIAR . TO THEIR SEX. ' HUDYAN V
r STRENGTHENS THE DELICATE ORGANISM OF WOMEN; IT CORRECTS AND T.
» CURES ALL ABNORMALITIES AND CHRONIC INFLAMMATIONS. a
X- HUDYAN IS A SPLENDID REMEDY FOR ALL STOMACH AND LIVER DIS- "*"
V ORDERS. FOR IT STRENGTHENS THESE ORGANS AND STIMULATES .THEM ®
£ TO PERFECT ACTION. COSTIVENESS: IS PROMPTLY AND PERMANENTLY "♦"
V CURED BY THIS GREAT REMEDY OF NATURE. HCI>YA\. . -. ®
I HUDYAN IS THE GUIDE TO HEALTH AND STRENGTH f
•> Hudyan Cured Mrs W. F. Thompson. Hud/an Cured J. A. Brown. ®
h Hudyan Cured Mrs W. F. Thompson, iludyan Cured J. A. Brown.
JJ LOS ANGELES. Cal. ' . L-;: LEBANON \ IT ft)
V DEAR DOCTORS: As I feel so Krateful m,. n cine. T„ m ii V . , X
►: for my complete recovery, which was due tt , R SIRS: l will do all l can to make +.
2to the action of. your splendid remedy Hud- Ilud >' a 'i known in this section, for I owe ®
r ■ van, I wish to send you a testimonial. ,1 m l' Present good health to It. I suffered t-
V was terribly run down, suffered pains, was from liver and stomach trouble and was ® i
>- irregular in my sickness. I was very weak .also-very nervous. I always felt worn out X
anil f^»«tK S| SS^&?S»Sb^3 I
I near d y.?\ f^iA S a^ t^^oKbN nd fe^^«^:^J?g^ t
t> ■ ' ® j
d Budyan Cured Ceo. filler. Hudyan Cured Miss Mabel Phillips. I
t ; -' ■ .'^':} l r> BIGGS, Cal. . ! J• ,• • ' SACRAMFVTn r- , ' '' +
D DEAR DOCTORS: lam a new man en- DEAR DOCTORS: lam indeed th«nt ®
►■ tlrely since I took Hudyan. Am more '"''to you for placing within my roach your •♦- ;
D ambitious, my memory. li better. My com- ."if. va t ! ) I f p ni^ ll( m< '- Hudyan. .--.I was weak (!) '
i plexton is clear; I have a K ood appeUW. Sd toSbe^Stoi^ &£°£ SS2S? &
D All signs of liver and stomach trouble are and was cos ye T,%00n a 1 "Pl"-"^, G)
f pone. Ido not suffen with headaches any in Hudyan. 1. began to gain in " stivni'lh *
v more. Hudyan has cured me completely... and now I. am restored to perfect lf lth' (?)
* and I shall ever feel grateful for the bene- . Hudyan is a splendid medicine for «m, X
nt I have received. . .;■■ GEO.; MILLER. • /. . kiss MABEL PHILLIPS * ®
V . Hudyan cures all diseases of the blood and nerves. r . Nervousness/ Weakness >/
► hausted Nerve Vitality, Rheumatism. Sciatica. ; Locomotor AtaXia. Paralysis Sleen" v ■■£
') lessness.^- Headache. Despondency, Mental Depression, Hysteria. Neuralcia f.,1,,' in ©•
- ' Side and Back. Enileptlc- Fits, Palpitation of Heart, Nervous Dyspepsia? Infliction ±-
) Mental Worry. Early Decay. Constipation, air Female "Weaknesses. I'afe and Sallow ®
► Complexions. ,; .- .. . . . • .--.• .• , . .;,...: . onjiow
)*.' Hudyan is for sale by druggists; TiOc a package-, or six packages for $'50 ■ i-%
5 fcor If your druggist *■">* not keep Hudyan. Bend direct to th« . Hurlvan Remedy Co, ®
 cor. Stockton. EUHa and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal ♦
> YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE. FREE ®
OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. ABt " * KLL V
to state that all reports of a contem
plated operation upon her eyes are pure
inventions.
THERE WILL BE FOUR
TITLED CORESPONDENTS
A Divorce Case of Most Extraordinary
Character Soon to Be Tried
•in London.
Special Cable- to' The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. . '
LONDON, June 3.— For some time there
has been talk in clubs and elsewhere of a
coming divorce case of a very extraor
dinary character, bui so startling were
the rumors that they Beemed doubtful. A
Herald dorrebpondent, however, saw a
leading Queens counsel who admitted
that a great cause celebre was likely to
be in the divorce court before .long\ No
names must be mentioned yet because it
Bometimes happens that parties pet scared
just before the day of the trial and squash
tin- case, it is very unlikely that there
will be any hushing up °f this eas>». fur
there ure as many as four titled corespond
ents, and it is likely to be the most sen
sational case of the kind that h-as be< n
tried for marly years. It is probable that
one of the pleas of the defense will be
hypnotism, but judging from the numtrer
of corespondents the hypnotic influence
would sc< m to have been exercised by
the lady and not over her.
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS
WITH SPAIN RESUMED
The Due d'Arcos and Minister Storrer
Received at Their Respective
Posts.
WASHINGTON. Juno 3.— Diplomatic
relations with Spain, broken .off on April
12. 1898, were formally resumed at 11
o'clock to-day, .whan President McKinley
greeted Due a'Arcos; the newly accredited
Minister to the United States, in the Blue
Parlor of the \viiit<- House. Simultaneous
ly in Madrid, it the programme arranged
was carried out. Bellamy Storrer, the new
United States* Minister to Spain, was being
presented to Christina, the Queen
Regent during the legal minority of Mis
Catholic -Majesty, Alphonso XIII. It was
a notable occasion in the world's history
the . resumption of friendly relations be
tween two nations which had been at war
and in the brief struggle had changed the
map of the world.
Spanish Troops All Gone
MADRID. June 3.- A dispatch from :>la
nil:i r> iri\«^l In-(t:iy .innotinr.es that Gfn
eral Ri"s wiUi tin 1 ri ni.uiiiicr of tho Span
ish troops lias mailed for Spain.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
...IMMENSE OFFERINGS...
COLORED and BLACK
Dress Goods on sale beginning to-morrow are worth more. than double
the prices asked. Another great purchase at the tail end of the season
(at our own price) enables us to make this sale the MONEY-SAVING
EVENT OF THE YEAR. Facts and figures quoted in this announcement
will help you to form an idea of the great values, to be had, but-come.
early.
LOT I— Novelty Tufted Suitings, this sea- ' LOT it-Genuine all-wool French Poplin,
son's latest goods. 38. inches wide, In :> Inches wide, in shades of gray. tan.
shades of blue, brown, tan and green; brown, navy, green and black r every >ara
every yard worth 75c. On sale to-QK/> well worth %i 00 ■ While they ia t£»f Ir"
morrow at. "....... OOC at -.... ovv
LOT 2 -Whip Cord Suitings, in mixed ef- LOT 4-Brilllant English Mohair Black
fects, latest spring shades, 3S inches wide, Crrponnes; a drossy, durable article; la
just the material for vacation out-OC=~ : handsome designs; 44 inches wide; Cl-flO
Ing suits; worth 86c. On sale at.. OOC ' worth $1 50. On sale to-morrow at tj» ■
75c SILK TRpTT
FOULARDS FOR 43C Yard
For to-morrow only we offer 1500 yards All-Silk, Satin -.=>..-
-• finish, twilled Foulards, 24 inches wide, in Navy Blue ground,
handsome designs; regular value 75c.
WASH GOODS AND WHITE GOODS BARGAINS.
,'• In order to bring in a big Monday's trade, we place on sale some
ppecial items of this season's choicest .Wash Goods at prices that will
. ■ crowd our counters. ... .. . . . . . *
A new lot of Corded Dimities, some 3",00 Genuine French White Organdies. -68
yards, -in dainty colorings of pink, light inches wide, nice sheer quality; regular
blue, navy blue; lavender and green, in value .".<h-. For this weckOC/>
small effects; the best bargain of£Jl/-* •••• YurdOOVn
the year; price Yard U4v - 
, NeW styles Printed Piques new blue and , : 0^ e T^tte P^ b ure^^!t^"me»:
{& SS I .^St'S ll i3i s^^stfta as a r rrjw afiS worth 3Oc - va p r e d 20c
late in arriving, we make thcmQA i cmi ai ■ iara—
for to-morrow's sale Yard^-"v« Grass Linen Suitings In over 30 different
The season's latest' novelty-Genuine ftyles,. mostly all in striped effects; just
French Organdies, in navy ground, with th " ™»torlal for vacation outing C
pretty small white designs In stripes and suits. .Special at rard ■****"
figures; exact copy of Silk Foulards; 200 pieces Cotton Covert Suitings, in tan,
worth- rule a yard. For to-morrow (iff /> brown, blue, gray, green and ox- |ni>>
Yard -fcOV* i blood; extra quality. Price. .Yard ■^&!>W
SPECIAL SALE OF LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
A rare opportunity to buy HIGH CLASS, WELL-MADE UNDER-
WEAR at exceptionally low prices. Our previous sales are sufficient as-
surance of the exceptional merit of the present immense offerings. : Space
will permit but a ■ limited mention of a FEW articles.
Women's fine Muslin Drawers, with 9- Women's Muslin Gowns, yoke embrold-
inch umbrella ruffles; worth XV. OR /-► ered, • narrow hemstitching and tucks.
Special at *WW made ' of good quality muslin, all~pr^-.
Women's fine Muslin and Cambric Draw- slzes - I>rice OO^-
ers, umbrella ruffles, hemstitched. OBp Women's Night Gowns, made of good
Special at..... Ot/w | quality muslin, embroidered yokes, V and
Women's extra quality Muslin Drawers,! ni Sh necks, good styles. Special *T PZs>
with cluster of tucks and embroid- CA r a * tFV
ered ruffles. Extra special at Out : Women's Night Gowns, square necks
Finer qualities at Drices correspondingly r ° s i . de e r^e l^%Ty!e h t-n.sntched Mwn
low, ranging up to $2.50. special !......:..... *.......'. 95 C
I Women"? Corset Covers made of good . Finer qualities at prices, correspondingly
■itmiitv cambric, high necks. 2OC low, ranging .i]. t " fffi&Ol - '""' ' '
Women's Corset Covers, made of good Women's Chemise, made of good, strong"
cambric,- V and square neck, em-QSJ^-, muslin, round yoke, embroidery Q PS ,-»
broidered, felled seams. Special. at AUv trimmed. Special at .a ,;....OOV]
Women's Corset Covers, 'made' '-of fine. Women's Chemise, jiiade of good qualjti- >';
cambric, trimmed with fine, neat em- muslin, round yoke, trimmed with' flhe*'
broidery, in various styles, extra SA^> embroidery: various styles. Special t;A~ '
value at OUW at .' .' '. 1.... OUt
Finer qualities at prices correspondingly Special values in Ladies' Muslin Under-
low, ranging up to $2.50. skirts,, from Toe to $7.51) each. ■ •
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
ARTICLES ON
ARBITRATION
Several Agreed to With
out Modification.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAGUE, June 3.— The drafting
committee of the Peace Conference
to-day held an important meeting, at
which M. de Staal. head of the Russian
delegation; Sir Julian Pauncefote, chief
of the British delegation, and Count
Nlgra, chief of the Italian delegation,
were present.
Articles 7 to -12 of the Russian pro
posal bearing on arbitration were
agreed to almost without modification,
though the American delegates declared
that they could not admit the provis
ions of article 10 that monetary ques
tions and questions concerning inter
oceanic canals should be compulsorily
submitted to an arbitration tribunal.
The entire commiitee on mediation
i and arbitration will meet Monday to
i review the work accomplished by the
' drafting committee. The latter will
; take up on Wednesday the most impor
tant question of article 13, which deals
with the establishment of an arbitra
tion court.
It is expected that the American,
British and Russian proposals will be
welded into one. and there is every in
dication of a universal desire to reach
the establishment of a system of per
manent arbitration, the German dele
gates, whose opposition was formerly
feared, declaring themselves as desir
ous as the other members of the ('in
ference to arrive at such a conclusion.
DEWEY FUND COLLECTIONS.
Committee Requests That They Be
Sent in Promptly.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— A meetine ]
of the Dewey home fund committee j
was held to-day. It was decided- to j
push the efforts to raise a subscription i
of $100,000. The committee issued a re- I
quest to newspapers, corporations and |
others having money for the fund to |
immediately remit to Hon. Ellis H.
Roberts, United States Treasurer.
Washington, D. C, who is treasurer I
for the Dewey home fund, and also
that those that contemplate mnkinsr
contributions to this fund take immedi- •
ate action. The committee wants to as
certain the amount of money that has ;
been collected for its fund in order to
more intelligently determine plans for
the future and to inform the public.
SUMMER MACKAY MEET.
Members of the Family to Gather at
a Castle in Scotland.
NEW YORK. June 3.— A cable from
Iyondon says: Mrs. John \V. Mackay has
token a castle in Scotland in the neigh
borhood of Balamaccan, an estate owned
by thi' Bradley Martins. This year there
will be "a summer Mackay meet" at this
newlj acquired residence. Mr. ami Mrs.
Clarence Mackay will come from New
port. 'Him- will also be at th>> castle the
Princess Colonna, Mrs. Mackay's daugh
ter, with her children, and other members
of tli.' family. This family reunion is i . |
likely to take place until after June '4
The reason is that Mrs. Mackay ajß weli
as Mrs. Bradley Martin will be greatly
to the fore at the grand bazaar to be
held in aid of Charing Cross Hospital in
Albert Hall on that date.
Her Hours Ai-e Numbered.
MARYSVIT/LK. June 3.— Mrs. B. F. Da
vis is lying at the point of death as the
result of the bursting of a blood yes
the brain. Physicians says she cannot re
cover.
Commencement at Blind Asylum.
The Institution for the Deaf and the
Blind at Berkeley will close on Tuesday,
j June 13. The blind pupils of the institu
j tion will jdve their annual concert on
i Friday evening-, the 9th. at S o'clock, in
« the Assembly Hall of the school. On
i Tuesday, Juno V.',. at 2:18 O'clock, the com
mencement exercflsea will he held. The
public is cordially invited to attend, hut
i on account of the limited Beating capacity
! of the Assembly Hall children under the
ace nf 12 years cannot be admitted. The
pupils will leave for tlnir homes on
W< ilnesday. The fall term begins Au-
I gust 23.
GOING
OUT j
OF BUSINESS.
CORSETS
AT LESS
THAN COST.
FREUD'S
CORSET HOUSE
• 742 and 744 Market St. .'
AND
,10 Grant Avenue.
SKIN, SCALP, /^
COMPLEXION,
Itching, burning, irritated skin, 1 igo,'. " Js/"4
scaly, crusted scalps, (ailing hair TVj&t» or '
and dandruff and blemished com- \ m,- -^
plextong Instantly relieved and restored to a •
healthy.' natural condition by the daily use* of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying. Bold everywhere. - . »; .• ,■THE EMPORIUM.
* Rtaits*t*ie*W 'c Vacation
k EsuwweriGK s styles.
h Butterick's Patterns and Publications
ft for July, showing Summer Holiday Fash-
ft ions, will bo placed on sale Monday
ft morninT.
* The July Delineator is an ex-
* quisite specimen of a Summer. Holiday
* Magazine. It maintains tha reputation
of the Delineator as the largest, most
ft representative and thoroughly up to
ft date of all the Women's Magazines pub-
ft lished. The Pattern Check in each
ft issue, enabling the purchase of certain
* popular pattern* at ha f price, is highly
appreciated by all subscribers.
The Delineator, single copies 15; —
ft subscription pri c $1 per year.
ft Butterlck Pattern Department—
ft Main Floor, back of Rotunda.
ft
ft
* Low Priced Of.__«
* Vacation &noes.
if,
* c; ■:■;.: 57 Ladies' Chocolate
* VAs^-a Color Vici Kid Lace
* y.^Xi 0 / Shoes— silk vesting
* f\2y&l c'oth tops, new coin
* hM§?£S toe3 ' strai nt id
ft tmHMr li V ' sewed flex. ble
ft I '"'ImJA soles — very stylish
ft V\*f^r^ and ° a i ualit - v
* Yk^Jnla noted for its dura-
* Srv^<^^ bi!ity— ail sizes an'
5 \ A widths $1.98
1 whuj ■/
6 Canvas /^Jj^k
ft Oxfords, new coin
ft toe , white kid /^S^^^)
* tips and eye et rM(*
♦> stays, turned sew- y^ >^~P'^A^
ft- ed soles — a para- r^f_^ r -^^
* gon of beauty and
T style, all sizes and widths ,$1.47
Boys' and Youths' Calf Lace Snoes—
ft new London toe and tips, half double
ft sewed soles — a durable and nice-fitting
ft shoe —
ft Sizes 11",- to 2 $1.4-5
ft Sizes 2' 2 to 3j* $t.70
ft
ft Vacation *s n + :~ M A
ft Requisites in Notions.
* Patent Leather Belts (first quaMty) 25c
ft Good Satin Hose Supporters (Be -25c
ft Shell Side Combs (new shape), pair.2sc
ft Set. of Combs, neck, sile and pin 4
* pieces) 50c
* L->rge Cube Pins (black and colors)..
* White Kid Belt 25c
New Cushion Top lautumn leaves I. 45 C
ft Sideboard Scarf, lj^ yards 10n.^....-3Oc
ft New Neck and Sash Buckles^ 25c
ft Tinted Cushion Square, each 25c
ft
* Articles for Ye*£i*»4
» Vacation ' OUCtm
ft Our True Cold Cream lOC and 2Oc
j> Imperial Tooth Powder — bottle 25c
* Dr. Lambert's Antiseptic SkinSoip —
? box ■: 3 cakes for 400
a, Dr. Lambert's Cucumber and Witch
ft Haze] Cream— softens an i whitens the
i* sKin — prevents poison oak— 6 oz bottle
* 25c
ft Li CiatantJ Face Powder — male in
* Paris, 4 shades, equal to any 50c powder
* on the market 25c
Imported Tooth Brushes $Qc
& California Violet Water — true lasting
ft odor — 2 oz 25c — 4 oz SOs ,
ft
ft
ft
CARRIED UNDER
BY THE CURRENT
Yachtsman Drowned at
Mare Island.
U Dispatch to The Call.
YALLKJo, Juno ;?.— John M. Gregory
Jr.. eldest son of Judge Gregory of
Bulsun and a Stanford graduate, was
drowned this afternoon off Mare
Island. Hf was one of a party of seven
on a cruise in the yacht Nellie, a large
Bloop belonging to the Corinthian, club.
The other members of the crew were
<;. H. Elazzard of San Diego; John and
- ripps, sons of K. \V. Scripps
<■ Mlramar, San Diego County, Mil-
Roberta, a Stanford student, and
Torn Gregory, also a Stanford man
ami a brother of John.
All the party, except Mr. Gregory
and the Chinese cook, hat] gone ashore
t Bee the wonders of the navy yard.
At about 1 o'clock men working on the
McCullofch saw Gregory, clad in a light
Ing suit, dive from the bow of the
yacht. He had suspended a rope from
the stern, and it was his intention to
■• this as the tide swept him down
and pull himself aboard. He missed the
rope. The current swept him down
ird the Speedwell, another yacht
ired seventy-five yards astern of
Nellie. He tried to catch the an
chor rope of this but failed. He then
: sperately for Mare Island,
calling for help.
A boat was lowered from the Mc-
Culloch, but before it could touch the
v sank from sight and
: no more. He drowned In sight
■ : ixty persons. The body
iol yet been recovered.
•i - yacht will be sailed home to
Tiburon to-day and th" cruise gives
up. At the time of the accident prep
iirati tade to take out a party
of Vallejo 'lies for a sail.
John M was about 2-i years
of ace, a promi ing young man of ex
cellent i and executive
ability. I!- was well known in Va
llejo, Bcnicia and Suisun. He had
established in law with his father
In Fairfleld ever Bince his graduation
from Stanford i:; '06. His parents and
three brothers live in Suisun.
The young man's friends cannot ac
count for his rash attempt to swim
In what was probably the most dan
greal bay sysi
He was an cxperi yachtsman and a!
irery caution:.
WELL LIKED AT STANFORD.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 3.—
John M. Gregory Jr., who was drowned
near Vallejo to-day, entered Stanford
In 1892, graduating in history in LBBB.
Ho took a post graduate course In 1896
--»7 in law. He always took a prominent
part in student affairs; was a .member
of the track team of 1895, on which he
won his varsity "S," was treasurer of
the Students' Guild one year and held a
number of class offices. He was one of
the best students in the law depart
ment. He -.'. .',:- a member of the Green
Bp.g Moot court, at that time the most
important of the moot courts, and was
cue of the charter members of Phi
l^lta Phi, the law fraternity.
/"I>ur!ng his course at the university
ho always was respected and admired
by faculty and Btudenta alike. No one
his Bver had a better name here than
he, both as a student and a college
man. Re was a member of the Beta
Tlieta Pi fraternity.
THE EMPORIUM.
,  * * i* « — **■' t" • RStw -r ..1 - --- — ■<* *-jc*^r— - &tf j *~ iiß^"M^it^t^tttttAf'jp^ 'xvA-j' .»^^^^^'^~^^y*^V/V lit i
Furniture Carpets
MattinaSm
Enameled Beds— Wicker Furniture— Lnwn Furniture— Cots-
Matting— Rugs, etc.. for your summer home at prices that defy
competitor. Foreximple:
'^±~§ ws^z — ' — *>>^
$9. 50 for this Dining
Table.
57.50 for this Bed. Sold everywhere e'se at from
Brass Trimmed Enamel Bed , $13 to $15— solid oak polish—
| — like picture positively the finish quartered oak — sides
I greatest bargain of the year — j heavily molded — legs measure
| this dtsign is new and exclu- ' 18 inches in circumference —
sive, and combines elegance : handsomely fluted and turnei
■ richness and solidity — .t has I and stoutly braced and bolted
I ball-bearing castors— i? worth —examine it :inl you will ap-
slo.oo-our prica sg% preciat? the lit- a _ n
....■■. 9fmOU tie price 1. 9&mOU
75 rolls Ingrain Carpets — very yrett. patterns— large
range of colors — rea* value 40c yard— special now 2oG
Very heavy Brussels -splendid quality— excellent d?-
signs an! numerous colon— values that sell elsewhere at 69c
yard— this week 4-5 C
Odd lot Of Carpets— lnc\ud n<; a large assortment
of made-up Carpet Rugs, on wh:ch our carpet sewers were kept
busy during the dn'l winter month?, afverv attractive prices.
100 rolls of Government Matting came into our
possession this weeic— matting heavy as a bo rd— none better
mide -people who hive this matting appreciate the quality
and durability— special p.-icsd p:-r yard 25c
Wool-filling Art Squares at "special prices this week-
good he ivy rug* —
Sizes 9x7.,- foet ...... $3.80 I Sizes 9xlo ,' feet $5.25
Sizes 9x9 feet $4*50 | Sizes 9x12 feet $6.00
S3££* Wash Goods.
Serge Suiting — fine tjvhled cotton dress material, 31 inches
j wide, specially adapted for camping and outing purpos 3.% in plain
and striped effects, large selection 0: colorings per yard./5o
P inted Dimities — r.chly color -d. floral aid yin! designs, good
cloth, woven strip s, a very summer/ appear ng washab c fab-
ric, combining style, service and cheapness — per yard -./.../£? a
Crapes from J ipan— nothing better in tha wash material line
jto wear. Th3y requre neither ironing nor starching. Just
I the thing fcrtha country — all the colorings — p3r yar'.../Oc
White Piques — the medium cross welt, now so much used for
skirts (combines with any coord waist), always looks rich and
dressy — a splendid quality- — p r /arl 20c
White Organdies — our imwtei French Organ lisa — 36
inches wide — risfre ii pricas from 35c to £1.25 yard. For
I warm weather wear nothing looks so cool and refreshing. A
i splendid sheer quality — per yard sOg
India Linen — a fi:e make— just a little heavier than or-
gandy — the thread even in, weave giving a good appearance
and service — 82 inch-s wide— per yard •. 15G
Men's Underwear.
Former custom its returning to us anl u/in^ agiin is a com-
mon, everyday o:curenc3 here.
We aim at v ab lity, fit an! comfort at reasonable prices.
Men's fins-fitting D royßibbei Ba briggan?, ali-th?-ye3r-round
weights— Pink, Hive or Nitunl — ;ur price par garm»at..sJs
Men's Heav/ Merino— natural rrav, extra wall trimm d,
perfect fitting — per girnnnt 75 3
Men's splendid Wojjs— Merinos andßalbriggais, in eitaer flat
or ribbed goo is — worth $1.25 per garment in most instances —
sold by the big store for $1.0
POWDER USED TO
CHECK FLAMES
Business Portion of Re
public Burned.
il Dispatch to Tho rail.
REPUBLIC. Wash., June 3.— Fire
broke out here at 6 o'clock this morn
ing and before the flames were brought
under subjection the damage amounted
to a quarter of a million dollars. At
noon the business portion of the town
was a mass of smouldering ruins, while
on three sides were rows of scorched
buildings marking the path of the
flames. Tho fire fighting apparatus
could not check the blaze, and it was
used only to save some of the build
ings outside tho fire zone that were
smoking and breaking into flames at
times.
The fire was started by the explosion
of a gasdine stove in the Seigel build-
Ing on Clark avenue, where some men
were cooking breakfast. It spread on
the west side of the street to Brown's
restaurant and south to tho Republic
Trading Company's store. On tho \vst
side two.entire blocks were destroyed.
Powder was used to blow up the
building occupied by Alexander's law
office. Then tlv- Perry building was sent
skyward and the fiying brands scatter
ed the fire to the buildings on the east
side of ('lark avenue.
It is rumored that two opium "fiends"
were burned in one of the buildings.
It is impossible, however, to learn
where the supposed victims were lo
cate.l.
Twenty-eight buildings are ruined.
Tiny were occupied by these firms:
Republic Trading Company, Coeur
d'Alene saloon, Manila saloon, Spokane
Candy Company, Spokane cigar store,
Butte saloon, Bert Harris" .saloon,
Percy's building. McPherson'a real es
tate office, Republic barber shop, Mc-
Kinney's tailor sho;>. Bravlnski's ba
zaar, Montana saloon. Log Cabin :-a
loon, Brown's restaurant, X reek's sa
loon, Belkeland Bros.' drugstore, j. d.
Morris' drugstore, damaged only;
Burke building (used as .i County Hos
pital), Madame Gilden's boarding
house, Best Bros.' building, A. W.
Strong & Co.'s cigar store, Republic
Bank, Eckstein's Jewelry Btore, Eureka
News Company, Jones Club saloon,
Spokane restaurant, United States bar
ber Bhop, New York Kitchen, Hose's
grocery, Brady's dry goods store and
Dewey saloon.
One Winner for Sloan.
LONDON,. June 3.— At the first <I:iy of
the Kemflton Park flm summer meeting
to-day the Sunbury handicap plate of 20)
sovereigns was won by J. P. Peard'a
thre^-year-old chestnut colt Merry Bfeth
odlßt, by Hampton-Heresy.' Tod Sloan
rode Sir It. Waldle Griffith's six-year-old
bay borse Eileen Aigae and was un
placed! Eleven horses ran the jubilee
course, one nnlo.. The betting was L's to
:: against Eileen Aigas.
The Kempton Park two-year-old plate,
iveretgns, was won by Sir H. waldle
Griffith's colt Rice, with Sloan up. Ho
ratio Hottomley's Stage Marriage was
Becond, and R. G. Garton's Mohican II
: f-olt was third. Six horses ran. The bet
' tins was 7 to 4 against Rice.
The June plate. 103 sovereigns, was won
by Charina. Sloan rode Eileen Algas in
this race, l>iit was unplaced. Four horses
ran one and a quarter miles. The betting
was 11 to 4 against Eileen Aigas.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
The big store sells everything that you can possibly need
for your summer outing, and the convenience of buying
everything tinder one roof at lower prices than you ever
paid before will be appreciated by shoppers who are in a
hurry to mate their final preparations.
' Boys' (*Bir*4hsnn Giave^ You' ft Need
Vasation **lO*ning. WOVeS For Outing%
Boys.' Long Pants Suits $5 r ,, Ladies' 2-clasp washable Chamois
! —Extra good values— grays, browns, Gloves, pearl, white or buff, every pair
mixtures, etc.— lined and mid.' through- fittel..... 65c
out as well es you wou'd cxpact in a Ladies 2-c'asp Mocha Walking Gloves,
$7 59 pu t ' k- ue> brown, ten or gray, new em- •
Boys' Sailor Suits broidery, every pair fitted 90c
$1.95. r 2 -15. $2.95. $3 4 S $3.95 and S3 No >— Jill Our Chamois Glov.s Are
Boys' Wssil Sailor Suits - Guaranteed to IVash.
(3 to 8 year,) 75c to $2.50
Boys' Two-piece Suits- — all woo'. — j ickec /
and knee pants — would be good value at The New oisjr— wjr*» ■#«.
$3-our price $2.45 Style WWBSti VCIIS*
• A choice line of wash Blonde Veils, in
whita ani butter, with neat applique
• £^^ RoOSeVSit borders, at 50c and 25c each.
jJ%^ Rough Rider — — — —
r l^&zL Suits, $ 1.45. M'r3b'&«£ or Every- day
7*rT\- -Ro» 8 h Eider Su.ts, ""* ** *™*t>on Usl
VJ «\ C\'.ike Picture, for rough hSS^TS j£Sli-14*^S?
\ C Jfy time 3 dunng vacat ' on ; exceptional value— dozen— each..so
tSL S |3 m *'--* of genuine Khaki Soft Bleach A'l-Linen Hem^titchei
j^ cloth ; serv ceable and Handkerchiefs, for ladies, ready for use,
Vy if Btrong ; just the thing *J&1
\ I // for the little fellow's
\ If II outing — sizei 4to 10
f. .. $L4 p 5 "" a gooi quality I—sl1 — $1 15 the dozsn — each...
strong ; just the thing ° H J inr>
for the little fellow's
outing — size? 4 to 10
yean, Price, $1.45- J^d^a' VailSC.
I J either Infantry, Civ- neeu a
I / airy or Artillery trim- Where else such an assortment at such
Vr [ . mings — an exact coun- low prices as here? For example:
]|I\_ terpart of the uniform Here is a /^sx
(y*^* worn 'y Roosevelt's Dress Suit . T - r?t^fll%
Rough Riders. Ca?e of genu-t^^^^^^^^^p
me leather on i
strong steel
' Dr^perieS frame, brass
For Summon Homes. SWJC [ M
He are half a dozen lines of Cur- enforc ed
tains, Wall Coverings, etc . inexpensive leather corners two sizes:
am th' correct thing for country nouses. 22-inch... $5.00 24-inch... $5.50
, Lace Curtain?, 3 yards long, pretty -^^~^\ good
patterns, per pair 59c /Z^ >^w hand
Gobelin Denims for house lining, 36 ffi-gft^Jli^^ ■ bag
inches wide, yard 15c £%*!?sK.,'.~ -* " -*--^^S>v made of
Best printed 36-inch Burlaps for wall Jj.^*' t^>- . '^^-iX extra
decorations, yard 20c /{ ' ">\ heavy
Doted and Figure! Swiss, 36 inches fA '-. ;&$ English
wide, for chamber curtains, yard Nafv^.V. . '/ grain
•- lOC and 12 ,C '" ' '"" leather,
Colored and Figured Scnms and leather lining, double steel frame, brass
Swiss?? lOC, I 2c v ISC or nickel trimmings, strong English
Slkoline--, patterns jut like silk, a handle:
new line, c 6 inches wide, yar i lOC 10-inch $1.75 I 14-inch.... 52. 75
Double and single faced Hungariin 12-inch $2.25 | 16-inch 53.00
Draperies 36 inches wide, yard 25c 18-inch $3.75
California's Largest —^America's Grandest Store.
FOUNTAIN FEARED
ASSASSINATION
Suspected Men Who Are
Now on Trial.
Special Dispatch to Th° Call.
HILLSBORO, N. M.. June 3.— The State
in the Fountain murder trial this morning
bolstered up the corpus delicti, which was
somewbai crippled i>y the failure to es
tablish the fact that it was human blood
found near Colonel Fountain's buckboard
through Professor Crosson yesterday, by
tho evidence of Captain Thomas Branni
gan, an old BCOUt. He first, told that there
w( re evidence a of the party having carried
a heavy object <>ii .1 horse and deposited
it on a blanket at night. This was givi n
foundation yesteday by evidence of the
trail of a bloody lilinket. Tracks of a
child's shoe were light, only of one foot.
and two to four fe-.-t apart, as if it had
been made with the shoe on a hand.
■'I measured the tracks of three men
about the bloody camp and at the other
camps, along the traii of Beven horses
from this point," said the witness, "and
the next day found tracks on Lee's dirt
roof exactly like one, having the heel run
over, I had found in the camps. I pre
served the measurements. Whin MeNew,
was originajly charged with complicity,
ciime to Las Cruces a short time later,*!
waited for a chance and measured his
tracks. These gave . the same measure
ments as one of those about the camps.
The tracks of Lee*s horses also cor
itsponded with thor-e of the largest horse
on the trail from the bloody camp."
On the cross-examination of Captain
Brannigan a fruitless attempt was made
to show that Major Llewellyn and others
v.i re persecuting Lee and Gilliland. The
witness could not he shaken, and after a
two-hours' tire of questions, was released.
Hrannigan, while on the stand, said he
would tell something that would make.
Attorney Fall sick. Fall has for years
been a bitter political enemy of Major
L.ewellyn of the Rough Riders, who is
the most important witness for the State
yet to come, he having led the searching
party and directed the investigation of
the murder of Colonel Fountain and son.
Major Llewellyn was called this after
noon, but counsel decided they could not
finish with him and he will go on Mon
day.
Others were called to testify a~s to the
suspicious actions of I>ee and Gilliland,
and the attorneys got into a warm dis
cussion as to the competency of the evi
dence of a conversation between MeNew
and Charles Lusk. The latter 1 .-; testi
mony was to the effect that McXew de
clared enmity for Colonel Fountain near
the place where the trailing party were
baffled by a herd of Lees cattle being
driven over the trail of the party going
from Fountain's last camp. MeNew was
implicated in the murder, but was dis
charged before Lee and Gilliland were
apprehended. Colonel Fountain disap
peared while returning from their prose
cution for stealing cattle.
The evidence was finally admitted.
Humphrey Hill testified that Colour!
Fountain feared assassination on ac
count of the enmity of parties indicted for
cattle stealing. The court ordered testi
mony as to the cause of this fear stricken
out.
Lusk, who is a Deputy Sheriff, then told
of a conversation with MeNew, quoting
him as follows: "Fountain had told some
parties he had no hope of convicting us,
but he was going to break us up. It looks
bad to be chased around that way when
he has no hope of convicting us."
Witnesses for the defense are arriving
on every stage. I.ie town Is crowded to
night and there are varied prognostica
tions as to the result of Major Llewellyn's
cross-examination by his political enemy.
Attorney Fall; also as to the probable
outcome if the factions come together
after the close of the trial. So far they
have been kept well apart. Lee. who is
known as a cattle king, and Is very
wealthy, is sparing no expense to secure
the. acquittal of himself and his friend.
THE EMPORIUM.
POWER BROUGHT
FROM THE SIERRA
The Blue Lakes Plant
Successful.
Bjifcial Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 3.— The powerful
voltage of electric power generated by
tli' Rlue Lakes /plant in the Sierras,
forty-five miles away, was sent over
wires to-day and the ponderous ma
chinery at the local powor-house sprang
into life. The trial of the line was in
the eyes of the experts entirely suc
cessful, but because everything did nut
move as smoothly as on an old line
others were inclined to be dubious of
the success of the venture. C. P. Gil
bert, general manager of the Standard
Electric, said this evening the tests de
veloped all that could be expected and
the frequent shutdowns were not un
usual, as there were many things that
could be adjusted only after an actual
trial showed where and what was lack
ing. He predicted everything would be
humming within a short time.
It is forty-live miles from the local
power-house to the main plant in the
mountains of Amador County. A feat
ure of the line which makes it unlike
any other in the United States is that
the wires are aluminum. Copper wire
is just as good, but aluminum costs but
half as much. The success of the \in>
probably will revolutionize many old
time ideas concerning the supposed in
dispensable requirement of copper
composition in all wires for heavy
voltage.
As soon as the local- lines are in
working order power will be delivered
to the Sperry Mills and other big fac
tories, contracts having been obtained
months ago. The Stockton Gas and
Electric Company takes a large amount
of power.
Mr. Gilbert says the division to
Stockton would never have been con
structed if that was all the company
had in view.
"Th£ line to Stockton is only a step
to the bay cities," he said. "We have
entered Into an agreement with the
Oakland Gas and Electric Company to
supply it with power for illuminating
purposes and are now engaged in ne
gotiating with the railroad companies
of that city to furnish power for ope
rating the car systems. In San Jose
we are negotiating with the Electric
Improvement Company and the rail
roads. Incidentally along the line to
the bay towns we will light Livermore,
Pleasanton. San Mateo and the string
of settlements in that vicinity, drop
ping illuminating power as we go
along."
Mr. Gilbert was not definite as to
when San Francisco would be reached,
but he thought it would be by next
June at the latest. The preliminary
surveys for the line to the bay are al
ready beinfr made. As the plans of
the company have been materially en
larged since contracts were let for this
division, additional wires must be
strung on the poles and other additions
made to insure the prompt delivery of
15,000 and more horsepower the com
pany expects to contract to deliver.
Anti-Saloon Movement.
SANTA CRUZ, June 3.— An anti-saloon
convention will be held in Santa Cruz on
Wednesday of next week. The State su
perintendent. Rev. K. S. Chapman, Rev.
Mr. Knodell of Oakland and other speak
ers will address the convention. Thr>
morning and afternoon sessions will bo
held ir. the Christian Church, the evening
session in tho Congregational church.
THE EMPORIUM.
Noo Y f" Vacation Suit?
We shall continue our Ov.r.'tock Sale of
f Men's $15, $16. 50 and $17*50
Suits at $9*43 for a short time longer.
They are the regular a!l-the-year-round
weight', anl W3 make a straight, clean cut
of nearly half from regular prices. They
are suits that have more than price behind
them— strong, durable and pleasing in style.
We bought these single and double breasted
sack suits with the idea of giving you splen-
did values at $15, $16.50 and $17 50. After
all were in we found that we had too many,
consequently selecte I 18 to 20 different;
style?, aid have cut the C^CB jfM §SL
former prices dovn to S^%9
Emrv suit strictly all -wool and tailored
tqual to an<- suit' at $25 m,3.de t > o'der.
Men's White Duck Trousers...
$1.2*3
IZZion' Book Offer.
Our biggest Book Bargain yet — copyright- illustrated 50c
paper novels, purchased from! Robert Bonner's Son?, who
. have retired from the book business— on special '§£!%&%
sale at m%M%S
100 such title? —
Mate of the Easter Bell— Rollo of Normandy— Sylva-
. Barr. nus Cobb Jrl
Beads of Tasmer— Barr. Conspirators of Cordova-
Wharf by the. Docks— Ward- Sylvanus Cobb Jr.
en. A Love Match — Sylvanus
Miss Mischief — Heimburg. Cobb Jr.
Chris Rock— Captain Reid. A Lover From Across the
The Alchemist— Balzac. Sea— E. Werner.
Caesar Birotteau— Balzac. The Stolen Veil— E. Werner.
King's Mark — Sylvanus Cobb A Memory — E. Werner.
Jr. Neva's Three Lovers— Har-
Theseus— Sylvanus Cobb Jr. riet Lewis.
Bandit of Syracuse— Sylva- Edda's Birthright — Harriet
nus Cobb Jr. Lewis.
Knight's Motto — Sylvanus Josephine's Heart— Mary J.
Cobb Jr. . Safford.
Caliph of Bagdad— Sylvanus. House by the River—
Cobb Jr. i
Traveling Shawls*
No outfit tor a summ.-r ou. in; is complete witnou 1 ; a Travel-
ing Ru.<. It is useful while traveling, an! afterward, particu-
larly during cool evening}, as a lounge wrap, etc. — full 1i n •
here — some splendid Engiish-jnade plaids at $6 each
Groceries. c a day S .
&8M w OG®i v &G&a for !2 days.
lion lay an 1 Tuesday only for these unusually good offer-
ing- — -cry citalogue for June ready next Saturday —
500 Emporium Eastern Hants — quality guaranteed — regu-
larly 13 v c lb (while supply lasts) tic
A. Roche Imported Sardines— -\ii— for 2 days, 2 tins
for ." 15C
Sun-dried Japan Tea — a naturil, full flavored leaf — regu-
larly 5Fc ib— for 2 days 45c
Van Houten's GOGOa— 1 1-lb cans — regularly 95c for 2
days '. 78c
Crosse & B ackweil's 8 rimp — Bloater and Anchovy Paste
— regularly 25c — for 2 days .'....: We
§ sa*mr*f%B+^ Specials for
BLBlg&a&lr&m Two days.
These offerings for Monday and Tuesday only.
Old Madeira Wine— regularly 50c bottle— 4 bottles for
" $1.00
(Only 4 bottles to each customer.)
Ginger Ale — of domestic manufacture, but good— per
dozen 85c
Wilson .Rye Whiskey— regularly $1.25 bottle— for 2
days 83 a
Our Popular Table Claret— regularly now 40c a ga'lon—
Monday anl Tuesday ...27c
>44***44*444*444*««*44«*44t**444***
NINE STUDENTS
RECEIVE AWARDS
Graduate From San Ra-
fael High School.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, June 3.— Nine happy
graduates of the San Rafael High
School sat on the platform at Gordon's
Opera-house last evening, and with the
cheers of a large audience ringing in
their ears received from President
Wlckman of the City Board or Educa
tion the diplomas they had earned by
faithful attention to their books. The
large hall was transformed for the oc
casion into a lioral bower, and the pa
triotic sentiment of students and fac
ulty was shown by a liberal decoration
of American Hags, the largest of which
was draped across the back of the
stage. The distribution of diplomas
was the sign that started a caravan of
boys laden with huge bouquets toward
the stage, and in a short time the grad
uates were almost hidden beneath their
fragrant burdens.
On the platform with the graduates
were seated the members of the City
Hoard of Education and the High
School faculty. County Superintendent
of Schools Robert Furlong presided,
and after Introductory remarks in
which a welcome was extended to the
parents of the graduates and the visit
ing public, he introduced Miss P. Clif
ford, who rendered a selection on the
piano.
Little Kathleen Parlow, the well
known musical prodigy, followed with a
violin solo, after which the address of
the evening was delivered by Professor
R. C. Bentley. the principal of the
school. '
For his theme Professor Bentley
chose "The Place of the High School
in the Community." His speech dealt
first with the science of municipal gov
ernment, during which he advocated
centralization of power as a remedy for
the numerous evils now existing. In
his opinion the high school was not
meant to fit pupils for a business life,
but to prepare them for the university.
He did not believe education to be a
preparation for any life at all. but tf»
be life itself, the power to grasp and
comprehend intellectually being repre*
sen.ted as the keenest enjoyment known
to mankind.
A vocal solo by Miss Rose Caesar
was followed by the valedictory ora
tion, delivered by Reginald G. Clifford.
Dr. Wick man then awarded diplomas
to Anita J. Bain, Reginald G. Clifford,
Henry M. Hansen, Mary J. King, Elsa
A. Lichenberg, Marguerite M. Nagle,
Ersilia M. Sartori. Martha M. Smith
and Agnes M. Watson.
The exercises concluded with a violin
solo by Kathleen Parlow.
Trustee Sylva Apologizes.
SAN RAFAEL, June 3.— Contrary to ex
pectation, no blood was shod when Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaac ami Trustee Bylva
of Sausalito met to-day in Justice Rod
den's court when the case of Joseph Har
\i y, charged with having employed a
gambling device in his poolrooms was
heard on demurrer. Sylva came to this
city yesterday and publicly apologized to
Mclsaae for the foul language used on a
former occasion, excusing himself on the
ground that he was drunk when the of
fense was committed. The demurrer was
overruled and the case set for trial on
Monday, June 12. Knight & Heggerty
appeared for the defense: Mclsaae and
Daniel A. Ryan for the prosecution.
THE EMPORIUM.
HEW GRACIOUS
TO AMERICANS
Emperor William Shows
Great Activity.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN. June 3.— Throughout the week
the Emperor has shown extraordinary ac
tivity. On Sunday he received the Ger
man and foreign delegates to the tub.-r
--culosis congress and conversed with them
several hours, showing an intimate
knowledge of the proceedings and demon
strating that he has an accurate idea of
the whole subject. To a German dele
gate he said tersely: "More soap, and
still more Boap; that is what is needed to
check the advance of infectious diseases."
His Majesty was most pleasant to the
A merit aiis.
The two groat spring parades. Tuesday
on the Templehof and Wednesday at
Pottsdam, were more brilliant than usual,
owing to the presence of many distin
guished guests, including Archduke Fran
cis Ferflinand. heir to the Austrian
throne, Duke Nicholas of Wurtemnerg,
Prince John George Of Saxony and a score
of others. There were more Americans
present than on any former occasion. Be
sides the personnel of the I'nited States
Embassy and Consulate General, Major
Sherman and his niece. Mrs. Wyberg: Dr.
Boyd, Dr. Vaughn. Dr. Nut tall, Professor
Stiles. Dr. yon Sehweinitz, Dr. Gahan and
; Dr. Donohue, of the tuberculosis congress;
■ Willard Merrill of Milwaukee; George
I Starr. George Plies and Naval Attache
i Behler were among the guests at the "pa
rade dinner" in the evening at the royal
castle. Lieutenant Commander Behler
was also present at the launching of the
warship Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse at
i Kiel on Thursday. On both occasions the
Emperor went out of his way to show
him attention.
A guest at the Kiel festivals tells the
correspondent of the Associated Press
that one of the incidents was the visit of
the Emperor to the new gunboat Jaguar,
which is leaving to-morrow for the pur
pose of joining the German fleet in Chi
nese waters. Assembling the crew, his
Majesty addressed them, saying he hoped
they would try to rival the glorious crew
of the lltize in fidelity to country and
Emperor, adding: "And don't let the
Chinese out there spit in your faces."
The crew responded with tremendous
cheering.
The Hague Peace Conference has
largely occupied public attention this
week. All the papers have freely com
mented on its doings. The news that it
had really taken up the subject of in
A BELT WITH MERIT!
[% X . That's the kind of a Belt you want
I \ ■?§« If you expect it to cure you. When you
A r*» y ■yi.'Sj . buy a Belt, buy a GOOD one or none at
' L*4 £srp fj*&£| all. Go where BELTS ARE MADE—
(f% «" v ' \* r J| to a firm of established reputation,
\1 * whose word and promises amount to
\ K****sSiM something, and then you will be able to
y^y>/^i^^^^s get what you want and at a fair price,
\ "Simk to °*- There is no humbug about Dr.
:^»^v'V'^flfe^^k- Pierces Electric Belt. Any one who
\^\\\\W^W^/^%siC^^;Mv " has ever tried v knows that. It does
liwBWWl not fall to pieces in a few weeks as
l!l»fe#«? others do. It is warranted to be as
represented. Buy no Belt till you Bee
V^l|Sii^ " DP PIERCES."
<^V*^^^f/JByFr Call at office or send 2c in stamps for
■■W^HIP" our "Book No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, 3arr Francisco.
THE EMPORIUM.
Boys^ Furnishings.
Anything that can possibly be needed
for the summer outin?, reasonably priced.
Sweaters — Splendid value > at $1,
$I.^o, $2, $2.50 and $3.50.
Men's Golf Shirts at 9 So-
Immense assortment oi all the popular
styles in Men's Golf Shirts— just the gar-
ment for vacation wear — ours are made
specially for U3 from selected materials
that are ca culated to giva good service .
— new colors and new patterns — per-
fectly made, and instead of $1.25 each,
our nric? is 95c.
Men's Hosiery at 25c— is
our intention to give every customer who
comes to us for a pair of sox at this
price, the best value for his money in
this city — see our all-wool black or gray
— our merinos, four shades — our cash-
meres and cottons that we are selling
at 25c.
Men's New Neckwear,
5Og — We've just put in stock the pret-
tiest lot of New Neckwear we have ever
seen at this popular rice. They come
direct from New York— dainty Persians
every tie a picture of high art in neck-
wear — novel new striped combinations
that you cannot buy anywhere else but of
— all are strong values, for we paid a
little more for them than ordinary so
that we could truthfully say so.
You'll Straw Hat.
Need a ««^«W nat.
summer '99 styles, wi«y££§~^?}
straw, Sennet, Ma-
$1, $1.50.
Boys' Straw
Yachts, Sail-
V^j^^jggggg3S?rn \ riety of colors
t H \.J and shapes,
V ■ suitable for
large or small boys —
25c, 45c, 75c, 5!, $'.25 and $1.50.
Men's and Chil- S^""' * _-- = - s.
dren's C oth Hats — --■-■'-'■ gfl
and Caps-yarhfrJ, J^^BSB&Z&&
golf yachts, tur-
bans and golfs, in
all the latest colors and color combina-
tions — '
"25c, 45c, 75c, 95c and $1.50.
Vacation Novelties in
Neckwear.
Just rec-ivei
some charnrng -, jj-^'rPZi^.
novelties in wash f/j/l^K
lawn and pique " YJ.' * ' "• , ]
Neckwear, Jabots. M *<f ** \4)
Chemisette? and ;.io> v >*"* £^tet
Stock Collars, ijßV** ***" jt
prettily trimmed p.£. "*" n'l'
with Valenciennes H\ v L *~" /* 'l/f
lace and embroid- .U^^-^lv 111
cry, just the thing js /^^L^^r^N '/.
for outing.a choice x^ \^§^f'\ %>/
line at 25c. 50c,
'65c, 75c ar.d $1.00. I Y**^
Wash Blonde ' '
Net Scarfs, 2 yards long, embroidered
i ends, very stylish, at. ...50c and 65c
444»4444444444»44#*4#d
ternatlonal arbitration came as a great
surprise to many. The leading papers at
first refused to believe it. The Kr^uz
/Ceitung, often the reflector of the views
of the army and the upper circle" ac
knowledged that Sir Julian Paunc'efote
and Andrew D. White have planned a
clever game on M. de Stael. and then de
clared that the idea of arbitration of
such a sweeping nature as Great Britain
proposed was untenable and out of tho
question so far as Germany was con
cerned, as it would open the door to con
stant foreign interference in the inter
nal affairs of nations. The paper also
<imil>ts the correctness of the version
making M. de Stael accept the British
proposition, as it considers it would bo
going too far beyond the Czar's instruc
tions. It also reminds Russia of Poland
and Finland, and Great Britain of her
Irish questions, and expresses the belief
that neither power is willing to accept
in principle such courts as Sir Julian
Pauneefote has outlined, which, it to
claimed, would make weak nations strong
and reverse the natural order of things
This article has attracted much atten
tion, as it is believed it reflects the opin
ions of the Government.
The correspondent learns from an ex
celent source that the interview between
Dr. J. W. Leyds, the Minister of the
Transvaal here, and Baron yon Buelow.
the Minister of Foreign Affairs, was not
of a very cordial nature. The Foreign
Minister emphatically told the Transvaal
representative that the wisest and best
course for the Boer Government was to
make peace with Great Britain, and.
above all. to speedily grant reforms. This
did not leave a doubt in Dr. Levels' mind
that Germany also wishes to see the re
forms introduced.
IMPRESSIVE SERVICES
IN THE GREEK CHURCH
NEW YORK, June 3.— Beautiful and
impressive in color, strange Oriental
chanting and incense burning, was the
service celebrated yesterday in the Syrian
Arabian church by the Russian Bishop
of Alaska and the Aleutian Islands,
whose seat is at San Francisco.
Bishop Tikhon is visiting New York for
a few days on business connected with
the orthodox Greek parishes in this city
and vicinity, which belong to his vast
diocese. During his stay he will cele
brate three pontifical services, to which
such of the public as are interested in
the ceremonies of the Greek church are
invited.
The first service was that of to-day. It
was a celebration of the pontifical lit
urgy, and was most beautiful and pictur
esque in its solemnity. . the magnificence
of the Bishop and priests forming a strik
ing contrast to the crowd of poorly
dressed, dark-faced Syrian men and
women in the room, for the church is in
one of the poorest districts in the city.
The priests and choir-boys wore gorgeous
robes, and yet more beautiful was the sil
ver colored robe which was placed on the
shoulders of the Bishop by the attendant
priests, a gift of the Czar.
5(•»
SUNDAY '.JUNE 4, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A)! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. j
PUBLICATION OFFICE .. . MorJt'et and Third Sts.. S. F
. 1 hone Main IKS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IS7*.
DELIVERED BY carriers, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Hlncl-* Copier, ft cents.
Terms by Mi.il, Including Portage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sinday Call), one year f<?.OO
r>AJL". CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
I-a?;.y CALL (including .rday Call). 3 months J -B<>
I>a:i.V CALXr-JB] B!ns!e Month 'Wo :
BUKDAT CALL One Year 1-0° !
VTEEKLT CALL, One Y*ar 00
A.'l poHtn-.afters «r» authorized to reoelvs FUbdcrlptlons.
Hamjila copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building.
C. Cl.o Ki>l> ;N£Ss^Advert_i_ainft Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROG.NESS, Advertising Representative.
•RANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
S:3O o'clock 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 Larl<ln street, open until 9:30 o'olocK
-1941 Mission street, open u^tll 10 o'clock- ££91 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK str«et. op«n
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
c.'lumbla— "Th? Moth an 1 the Klame."
: ■ Nicotine."
■
■
every after-
nd Ellis Btrei ts Spa laities.
, Ma t. m ir Eighth Bat
■
nslon ' ■ 'lay.
■tc
-. Kvnlng. June 5.
AUCTION SALES.
rrow, at 2 and * p. nv, Chinese
■
.. June 5. at 11 o'cldck, Horses, at
Tuesday, June 6. at 12 o'clock,
! ' ■ ' ' ' ' ' ' '
THE NEXT SPEAKER.
THE choice of a Speaker to succeed Mr. Reed is
of very great importance to the country, and is
to he influential in determining the future of
the Republican party.
The candidates are Sherman and Payne of New
York. Bingham and perhaps Dalzell of Pennsylvania,
Hopkins of Illinois, and Henderson of lowa.
The Republican strength in the House consists of
fifteen votes from the South, sixty-six votes from the
East, and one hundred and four from the West;
necessary to a choice in the caucus, ninety-three.
The East enters four candidates, the West two, the
South none.
Since the adoption of the constitution thirty-seven
ficn have held the office of Speaker of the House.
It was originally estimated the third place in the Gov
ernment. By development, use and prescription it
has in some important respects become, the first
place. It has been occupied by Pennsylyanians four
times. Connecticut once, New Jersey twice, Massa
chusetts four times, North Carolina once, Kentucky
six times. New York twice, Virginia four times, Ten
nessee twice, Indiana three times, Ohio once. Georgia
twice. South Carolina once, Maine twice. The office
has been held, therefore, fifteen times by the East,
seventeen times by the South and five times by the
1
Now. as the center of population and of party
has shifted to the West, it is natural that that
section should look to possession of the Speakership.
As the West has only two candidates, it is natural
that one of them should succeed. The two Western
candidates are men of note. Mr. Henderson has been
nine times to the House from the Dubuque
District. He is yet a young man. born in IR4O. Ho
had hardj rearing on a farm; at 2t enlisted as a
private iri the Union army, was advanced to a second
a. leg shot off in battle and was dis
-1 in May. 1863. In June, 1864. he re-entered
the army as colonel of the Forty-sixth lowa and
fought till the close of the war. The interregnum of
A to the study of tjie law, and at the
I the war he began the practice of that profes
p< lily to eminence among the senior
rs of a very able bar. He succeeded William
; -i the House upon that gentleman's pro
motion to the Senate, and has been regularly, re
e t since.
]1< tblc debater, and in the catch-as-catch
■■ floor and in the hrtrd work of the com
mittee room has long held first place. I f is presence
is manner highly social and engaging.
He is the ny on the list of candidates and of
any .■ occupied the chair as a parliamentarian.
IK 1 . • i ' ■ of lowa, Wisconsin,
Minnesota, Ohio, and fourteen from Illinois, a ma
jority in Michigan, the Dakotas and Wyoming, and
a majority in Nebraska and Kansas.
H W* tern competitor, Mr. Hopkins of the
istrict, Illinois, was born in 1K46". and has
to the i i(.u-<\ lie is a law
. man of decided strength on the floor and
in committee work He has not seemed, however,
to impress himself upon members as the equal of
Henderson in fitness for tin- Speakership, and as Hen
derson ha thi I ire of votes enough
■ • is nrohablc that the whole Western vote
latter, i - well as several from
inia and New England.
•v point of vie v it is desirable that the
Far Wcstetti States impress themselves victoriously
if tl I The stl the party, its cr<
its growth since the defeat of 1892. has
•In- State of 1 )"nio there
g feuds and factions in the great
'.
n leadership there h.is fought down the
ri>-!!i^ tide of Populism and clinched Republican su
premacy permanently in the politics of a vast and
growing region.
It is to be hoped tliat the California delegation will
carefu situation and give their as
- one man in transferring the power of the
I ership the long step westward that lies between
Maine and the Mississippi Valley.
n< ■ 1 1 gainsaid that Eastern interests have
profited ] >y long possession of the Speakership.
Ed .'i'ld Randall were all able, and their abil
ity was made powerful in the Speakership by Kastern
influence, and that influence was wise in its day and
[or it had its reward. It is surely time
to even up for the West, and as California is
tern keystone, the furthest reach toward the
m, our delegation may be able to do some
g significant fnr Western interests .in perhaps con
trolling the election of a Western Speaker.
THE RAILROAD AND THE SANDLOT.
THE Evening Railroad Placard is at it again.
On Friday last it had much to say about mob
law and personalities. In neither article, one
of them a quotation, is there anything to provoke
discussion, but in both there are some passages that
l invite reminiscence.
The Sandlot is a favorite allusion of this turgid
resentative of the railroad monopoly, when it re
to the resistance of the decent press to railroad
corruption and to railroad exactions. Evidently it
possesses a poor memory or its sources of informa
tion are defective. The sandlot is vividly recollected
San Francisco. Its. temporary' home was part of
•tin natural frontage of the new City Hall facing on
Market street, that was stupidly sold and must speed
i ily be repurchased. Its chief production was fleas.
It was long occupied by a turbulent crowd, many of
them honestly misled, but also embracing the most
vicious and "the laziest elements of our population.
These agitators called themselves workingmen. but
• only industrial distinction was the eriormou
•y and toughness of their lungs. Their manage
j ment was trinitarian and embraced a tallow-faced
English chartist, a Missourian who Had ungracefully
j retired from his native State, and last, but not least, a
! hard-faced demagogue from the western coast of one
oi the finest islands in the sea, whose mob government
ceased about the time that John Hayes pushed him
from the stage of Platt's Hall into the orchestra
space beneath. The occasion was a forcible attempt
to take possession of a public meeting, and when, to
borrow an apt simile of the day, the ungrammatical
leader of the proletarians landed "like a bullfrog in
a Spring Valley reservoir," the collapse of the sand
lot was assured.
But while it lasted it was mischievous. It produced
much noise, many parades and considerable violence.
It reveled in coarseness, in profanity, and in denun
ciation of law and order. It greatly reduced the value
I of property, because for a while reputable citizens felt
• i hey were in danger of homicide and arson. Its
I favorite designation of a taxpayer was that he was a
It caused destructive fires in various parts of
the municipality. It ceaselessly threatened extensive
conflagrations. It abused merchants and capitalists
by name. It advocated lynch law as the birthright of
non-producers. At one period it compelled the or
ization of the "Pick Handle Brigade"' at Horticul
-1 tural Hall as an aid to the authorities in extinguish
ing torches and suppressing the fury of assassins..
The sandlot enforced the adage that "extremes
meet" Its raids upon property were marked by one
conspicuous exception, Chinese laundries were
burned and Chinese maltreated. The solid business
of the community was endangered. Residences were
filled with trembling women and guarded by indignant
husbands and fathers. But after a few preliminary
demonstration? Nob Hill was safe, and railroad
tracks, cars, engines and offices were untouched. In
fact, it became apparent before and when the sandlot
sed its boisterous existence that between it and the
railroad monopoly there was a reciprocity of protec
tion. The subsequent careers of the most aggressive
■ ■ monstrated" the friendly relations that
been predicted long before they were revealed.
The analogy between the objects of the railroad and
the sandlot was striking. The difference consisted in
methods and in results." Like the marauding barons
; ;c Middle Ages, the railroad marched upon the
people arid appropriated their substance. Its descents
Its collections, however, were noiseless and un
ompanied by banners, by artillery and by clanking
■ tor. It preferred the gentler processes of bossing
md buying Supervisors and Legislatures, and
cf silencing competition and clamor by strategy and
by fraud, skillfully operated through a trained army
erccnaries. The sandlot merely substituted force
for management. Both equally aspired to overrule
the law and both equally despised the restraints of
: order and of justice. Each aimed at the accumulation
'oi unearned increments. But the railroad believed in
nitration, while the sandlotters howled for dis
tribution. Of the two institutions, united by a com
mon purpose, it was difficult to determine which was
the worse in principle, while it became easy to award
the palm to railroad success and the cypress to sand
lot failure.
The infelicity of allusions to the sandlot in rail
road organs is apparent. The comparisons they sug
gest are too odorous. Most of the sandlotters are
dead or scattered, and many of them, temporarily de
ceived, have reformed and are now sturdy workers in
the ranks of genuine industry. The survivors of the
unfittest, however, are still obstreperous and blatant
in those legislative and municipal lobbies which toil
I for Mr. Huntington when Dan Burns runs for Sen
i ator or half of a city is to be grabbed.
The personalities of the sandlot have ceased, but
the railroad personalities, with its ledger accounts and
j its balances of hostility and subserviency, remain.
Still the monopoly pursues its ancient methods, and
t still it deludes itself with faith in its capacity for uni
; versal dominance. But the world has grown larger
than it was in the days of the sandlot. San Francisco
has ceased to be an overgrown village and enjoys
| the self-consciousness of metropolitan strength.
There are capitalists lure allied to American industry
and who can infuse vigor into competition. At the
East there are Vanderbilts as well as Huntingtons.
The young giant of Western Americanism is inhaling
Strong air of the Pacific and swelling his power
ful muscles as he confronts the shrunken figure of
• ased monopoly. It would be safer for Mr. Hun
tington to restrain the yellow platitudes of his literary
i bureau and to pay strict attention to his solar plexus.
OPPORTUNITIES FOR LAW OFFICERS.
ALL other appropriations of illegal authority,
by direct and indirect usurpation, have been
dwarfed by the intricate records of the
Huntington monopoly. And the history of the
Market Street Railway Company is another
nant example of the same illegal and in
jurious assumption and extension of chartered
rights. That monopoly, which consolidated eleven
street railway companies, which has since acquired
other properties and which has just fraudulently
sought to steal what there was left of our local streets
and easements, filed its certificate .of incorporation
October 13, iK<j,?. It^- watering of stock and its issue
of bonds are not pertinent to this discussion. But,
by the enumeration of powers in its certificate, it was
I limited to the acquisition and operation of street
I railways in San Francisco and in the county of San
Mateo. In various ways, and with utter disregard of
legal disabilities, it has usurped privileges to which
it had no more claim than to the running of steam
ship lines to the Philippines.
One illustration will serve our purpose: Its ad
vertising business alone, over its entire network of
railway lines, is so extensive that it must net an
enormous yearly profit. Without even the pretense
of legality, it competes not merely with the press but
with every other recognized mode of attracting busi
ness. Its cars are advertising booths, requiring the
services of a special agency, and it carries bands on
some of our principal streets as musical solicitations
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
to the public. This usurped extension of its legiti
mate functions it has deliberately adopted, with the
same indurated disregard for law as it manifested in
the exactions it thrust before the people through its
special agents in the Board of Supervisors. -
Near Chicago, in the State of Illinois, the Pullman
I Palace Car Company, for the exclusive accommoda
tion of its own employes, built a town of two thou
sand houses. Within a few months, under quo war
ranto proceedings, the Supreme Court of that State
has withdrawn the legal foundation from that private
j municipality, because, notwithstanding the plausible
j reasons assigned by the company for its assertion of
the right to house, feed, clothe and amuse its ser
vants at their own expense, the authority for the
claim did not exist in its charter. The opinion of the
court, published in volume 175 of the Illinois Reports,
J pages 127-165, is solid in every line, and emphati
cally declares that the Pullman Company could not
incidentally monopolize receipts and profits that be
longed to the people.
A little of this drastic treatment extended to the
State and municipal despotism of Mr. Huntingdon
would probably induce him to concentrate his atten
tion upon the preservation of what he has and to re
lieve our citizens from the need of constant watchful
ness over such public rights and property as have
not been already appropriated.
THE STANFORD ENDOWMENT.
\A RS. STANFORD'S gift to the university
/ \ founded in memory of her son is undoubtedly
the most munificent act of liberality in Ameri
can history. It has no equal in any land except that
recently made by the will of the late Baroness de
Hirsch, and in history will be even more notable
than that, for the Hirsch millions are to be scattered
far and wide and* will have no great name anywhere,
while those of Mrs. Stanford will be centered in an
institution destined to become one of the most re
nowned seats of learning on earth.
It is well known that for some time past the growth
and development of Stanford University have been
seriously retarded by lack of means to provide for
them. The vast fortune now placed at the disposal of
the president and trustees will enable them to enter
at nnce upon every important work the university re
quires. New buildings are in process of construction,
new equipments can be obtained, the faculty enlarged
and the whole institution animated to an increased
activity in all its departments.
So marked will be the change produced in the af
f;iirs of the university by the gift that something like
a new departure in its history will he dated from this
ume.- We are now to have the satisfaction of watch
ing the development of a "Greater Stanford," and
from what has been accomplished in the past ample
n-^urances are given that the results of the future will
be notable for successes in many ways.
The munificent gift is the more interesting because
it coincides in point of time with the movement now
.mder way to build up a "Greater University of Cali
fornia." The magnificent plans outlined by the Re
gents of the State University, and SO generously sup
ported by Mrs. Hearst, hardly surpass those actually
undertaken and now well advanced at Stanford. We
fire, therefore, in the near future, t<l have in California
the two most beautiful and most stately university
seats in America, if not in the world. Nor will their
eminence lie dependent upon their architecture and
equipments only. It cannot be doubted that they will
attract the most gifted teachers in all -departments of
1< ;u -ning, and from them will radiate an intellectual
light even more luminous than that which in times
past has proceeded from Harvard and Yale and made
New England the center of American culture.
Mrs. Stanford has followed the example of her
husband and bestowed her gift during her lifetime,
instead of waiting to 'leave it by will after her death.
In doing so she has acted not only wisely but with a
true liberality of soul. The people oi California owe
her much, and the debt will increase from generation
to generation.
TESTIMONY FROM THE ISLANDS.
AMONG the imperialists and the annexationists
it is a favorite boast that by making Hawaii
and the Philippines a part of our territory we
shall open up new fields for white labor and provide
American workingmen with opportunities to make
homes for themselves in the islands of the ocean and
i erect there commonwealths as noted for liberty, law
1 and prosperity as are tin we that make up the Union.
The Call has repeatedly exposed the folly and in
sr:mc instances the criminal falseness of these state
: ments. We have now to add to our argument testi
ttiony on the subject, direct from the islands. In the
course of a review of the labor situation the Honolulu
'independent of May 17 says: '"Mr. Damon is one ■
1 of the kindest and most conservative employers of la
bor, and yet we are told that a number of his re
cently impoj-ted Italian laborers tried to 'clear out' in
the Australia yesterday, and that Mr. Damon had to
use the existing laws' and the police to stop the men
who are under contract to him."
In another note on the same, subject, and dealing
always with specific instances and not with abstract
propositions, the Independent says: "We daily sec a
lnrce number of Galicians in the chain gang working
at the quarries and on the roads. They are white
men; they are the class that our philanthropist of the
official organ wants to make the sinew and bone of
these islands as 'small (d — — d small) farmers,' and yet
they prefer to remain under the tender care of Mr.
Dole's jailer to returning to slavery on a plantation."
Return-ing to the subject on the following day, the
Independent declares the .Government is doing all in
its power to force planters to inveigle white laborers
to the islands, and it then goes on to say: "The day
is gone by when that could be done, because the slav
ery on Hawaii's plantations is known all over the
civilized world. L'Orange years ago induced a num
ber of Norwegian laborers to come here by telling
them that gold was lying around the roads — and he
had to flee the country while the Norwegian Govern
ment rent a special commissioner to Honolulu. The
poor Galicians who are parading our streets in prison
pirb came here under equally false pretenses."
That is the record of white labor in Hawaii as it
stands now. Italian workingmen who were induced
to go to the islands are seeking to escape from the
employ of one of the kindest of Hawaiian employers,
while others are working as prisoners in criminal garb
on the streets. Whether that of white workingmen or
! Chinese coolie, the labor is hardly better than that of
serfdom, but still, as the Independent puts it, the cry
goes on: "Send for more laborers! If we can't get
I Japanese get Italians, and if we can't get Americans
let us have Spaniards — anything will do as long as
more plantations are promoted."
The dispatches announce that General Merriam
may now do as he pleases, as the courts of Idaho have
refused to recognize writs of habeas corpus. The
autocratic soldier seems to have been enjoying the
privilege of doing as he liked ever since he placed a
censorship on the press.
Herrin and his hirelings* can put those rejected
franchises in their pipes and str.oke them.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfJUGHT.
According to one of the laborious cor
respondents to whose toll the people of
this country are indebted for their
knowledge of European affairs, the
Czar of Russia is not satisfied "with
either his empire, his epoch, his work
or himself. He is reported to have re
cently said that civilized man has
woven around him in his civilization so
many customs, conventionalities, pro
prieties, etiquettes and artificial re
strictions of all kinds that he no longer
has freedom either for good work or
Joyous pleasure; that all he undertakes
Is sure to end in failure and that no
life worth living Is possible for serf or
sovereign.
About tho time that report concern^
ing the Czar was tilling space in the
papers there came a story of a Denver
man who, having been told by his
physicians that one lung is gone and
his days of life are few, turned all his
property into cash, left his beloved wife
and hastened to Chicago to have a good
time before he died. When found by
the pursuing wife he was in a glorious
state of hilarity, with dancing girls
around him, singing gay songs over the
remnants of what had been a delectable
feast.
The two stories taken together form
a good basis for a merry philosophy.
The first teaches that if one submit to
the bondage of society he can have no
fullness of life, even though he wear
a crown and be an autocrat; while the
second shows that even a one-lunged,
dying man may find his short life a
continual round of varied joys if he
break away from duty, as a butterfly
breaks from a chrysalis, and emanci
pate himself tj do what he will, when
he will and how he will to satisfy his
thirst and gratify his soul.
Count Leo Tolstoi has told us there
are three religions in the world and
only three; there never were any more,
there never can be any less; and every
intelligent being is compelled by the
very law of his intelligence to believe
one of the three. The dogma is based
upon the self-evident truth that every
intelligent being is conscious of the ex
istence of itself and of something which
is not itself, and necessarily forms
some Judgment concerning the relation
which the one bears to the other.
The self is th'? soul, and that which is
not self is the universe, and there are
but three conceivable relations between
them. It may be assumed that the soul
is supreme and has a right to use the
universe for its pleasure or Its profit;
or that the established order of the uni
verse is supreme and the soul must con
form to its laws; or that there is a
power above both the soul and the uni
verse, to which the soul must surrender
itself and which it must obey though
such obedience imply not only the sac
rifice of the desires of the heart, but
the breaking of all laws of existing in
stitutions.
The Czar believes his soul to be sub
ordinate to the established order of
things; he will bear life as a weary
burden rather than be false to his duty
to his crown, his station and his state.
The Denver man believes the world to
be a garden wherein his sovereign soul
has right to every fruit and flower it
can gather. Tolstoi believes that both
are sinners, for he would sacrifice em
pins arid pleasures, duties and drinks,
to divinity with an equal willingness.
There is no need for any one to fret
this Sunday morning in trying to de
termine which is right. Let us re
member the saying of the prayer book:
"\W are all miserable sinners," and
put away any si ggostion of the devil
that while each is a sinner the Denver
man is having the best time.
* • •
Mrs. Stanford's decree that the num
ber of wn.ncn students at Stanford
University shall never exceed f>oo at any
time is one of the most curious re
strictions that has been placed in these
days upon the aspiring ambitions of
nur girls. There is danger it appears
that Stanford might become something
like a woman's college, with girls
enough to form a woman's rights con
vention every day, but not men enough
to organize a football team once a year.
The right of Mrs. Stanford to regulate
hor family monu.nent in any way that
suits her taste is not to be questioned.
Those who have swag may swagger as
they please. The public interest in the
question lies in the new proof thus
given of the force with which women
are pushing their way into the more-
Intellectual walkc of life. They are not
crowding men out, for the paths of
learning are oper. to all and are broad
enough for all but they are Hocking in
while the men are staying out. Just
why that should be objected to is not
so clear to tho < utside world as it is
to those within the charmed university
circle. That ho institution would lose
prestige if it lost its football team Is,
THANKS FROM A NAVAL OFFICER.
of course, very well understood in
sporting circles, but why should it lose
its team? Why not fill the faculty
with football men? The thing is
feasible.
The first effect of the restriction will
be to make every girl in California
more eager to so to Stanford than ever
before. Tho style of the Four Hundred
of New York will be as nothing to tho
amount of •'queen" that will be swung
by the Five Hundred of Falo Alto. As
there will be a Hmit on the number of
campus belles and promenade chums
the rivalry among the unlimited males
will be keener than ever, and the last
state of that co-educating monument
to railroad opportunities will be worse
than the first.
* • •
The story of Mark Twain's interview
with the Emperor of Austria, as given
In the cable dispatches, may be ac
curate enough, but it bears the ear
marks of a Mark Twain Joke. The
story goes that Mark prepared in
choice German a pretty speech to make
to his Majesty, but when ushered into
the royal presence became so much em
barrassed he forgot what he was going
to say, fluttered in the tongue of him
and stood flabbergasted and dumb.
It is to be remembered the story Is
founded upon a report given by Mark
and not by the Emperor. Hence the
ample justification for all the incredul
ity the public 'may choose to indulge.
Mr. Twain is the man who told us long
ago that truth is the most valuable pos
session we have, and therefore we
ought to economise it. It is a maxim
he has practiced more diligently than
he has preached It, and it is probable
he has never given away a truth in tho
whole course of his humorous career.
If Mark fluttered in the presence of
the Emperor it is safe to say he did so
for the purpose of concealing the New
Haven accent or his German speech
and was playing it low on his Majesty —
running a bluff on a King as It were —
but the chances are nothing of the kind
occurred. When we get to the end of
the episode we shall probably find Mark
has been playing the press and the
public and has worked a thrifty scheme
to get an advance advertisement for a
forthcoming 1 magazine article. The
gentle joker is a creature who always
bears watching, for there is never any
telling when his joke is on you.
For many days we had with us a con
vention of Baptist ministers, exulting
in the consciousness of an overruling
Providence, 'preaching eloquently the
tenets of a sublime faith and filling the
city with prayer and holy song for the
edification of all. From height to
height the convention mounted until at
last it reached a climax and culmin
ated. The next day we had a north
east storm, an earthquake, a suicide
and two murders; and immediately
thereafter, perhaps by coincidence
merely, the teachers of trust in Provi
dence who had come to us from a dis
tance took their gripsacks and shook
the dust of the city from their feet.
The latest novelty In applied science
is a new trifk In Parisian dueling. M.
Catulle Mendea and M. Georges Vanar
agreed to fiVht with rapiers about
something which is not interesting in
asmuch as the name of the woman has
not even been hinted in the reports that
come to us. They further agreed that
while willing to risk the rage and the
skill of one another, they were not will
ing to risk microbes. Accordingly it
was stipulated that the weapons were
to be thoroughly subjected to antisep
tic treatment before the fight began,
and that whenever one of them touched
the pround the combat was to be Im
mediately suspended until the blade
had been passed through the flame of
an alcohol lamp so as to destroy any
stray germs of tetanus that might ad
here to the steel.
It is not worth while to consider what
Cyrano de Borgorac or d'Artignan
-would have thought of puch duelling
regulations as that. The point of in
terest is. that the French are more
careful of health in their dueling than
we are in our dining. There are more
dangers in American canned goods than
in Parisian challenges, and they have
better cause to smile at us than we to
laugh at them.
• • •
At the risk of bringing down upon my
head the manuscript versos of all the
singers of the commonwealth, I sub
mit a bit of rhymed unreason which
for sheer audacity is equal to anything
ever done in English since the days of
Blake. It came to me without a title,
and I will give it none, but it Is surely
entitled to a reading":
There was a man all warped and gnarled
Who nosed about and growled and
snarled:
"The worlds all made of sin," he said,
"We'll go to hell when we are dead;
Roses really smell like skunks;
Women are fools and mea are drunks."
And then he shriveled up and died.
Hell laughed, but all the angels cried.
There was a maid just like a flower.
Who sang glad songs each passing hour.-«
"Oh, what a glorious world is this,
Where all is love, and love is bliss;
Not one soul but's really true;
All do the best they know to do!"
Then hell to heaven quickly sprang.
And devils and angels together sang.
The audacities of those versos are
many. In the first place even the poet
who described a woman as "a rag and
a bone and a hank of hair" would
hardly venture to use such words as
"drunks" and "skunks" in serious
verse, and the assertion, "the angels
cried." is bad enough to make the an
gels weep: but tho crowning audacity
of the whole, and that which gives it
the glow of something liko an inspira
tion of true genius, is the declaration
that the song of a girl who had just
discovered that love is bliss caused all
holl to rise and join heaven in a grand
song and dance of jubilation.
Truly there is much merit in the
verses, Danton has told us "audacity,
audacity and always audacity ' is the
essential element of eloquence in ora
tory: and why is it not equally so in
verse? One thing is certain: If the
anonymous writer of that rough and
ready rhapsody have many more such
happy audacities to fling in the face of
critics and sing into the hearts of lov
ers, California will awake some fine
to the knowledge that she has another
poet. /
• • •
Men who think that women pay no
attention to practical politics and can
never accurately size up dignitaries are
sometimes overtaken by a surprise
party of small dimensions, but very in
tense in its suddenness. Two such ni<*n
were talking the other day about Gov
ernor Gage. "What think you of him?"
said one; "is he broad gauge or narrow
gauge?" "Decidedly narrow gaugo,"
answered the other. Th^n a woman
spoke up, and her voice was as musical
as the trilling of a linnet. "He is
neither a broad gauge nor a narrow
gauge," she warbled; "he is. a slit .
cable track/"
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F. A- Hihn. the Santa Cruz millionaire,
is at the Lick.
Emory Winship, U. S. N., Is registered
at the Palace.
James F. Peck, a prominent attorney
of Merced, is at the Lick.
George W. Stimson and wife, of Pasa
dena, are stopping at the California.
W. D. Melntosta and wife, of Toronto,
were among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace.
Cleveland Moffett, a well known an£ p
popular magazine writer, is spending a
few weeks in this city.
Governor and Mrs. TTonry T. Gage and
Arthur Gage arrived yesterday from Sac
ramento and are at the Palace.
W. J. Berry, who owns a number of
valuable oil wella at Silma. arrived yes
terday and is a guest at the Lick.
W. H. Spaulding nf the Truckee Lum
ber Company, arrived yesterday from
Truckro and registered at the T.i'k.
Bart F. Bretherton, who has been at the
Palace for the past two weeks, will leave
for the East this evening.
j George Crocker, second vice president of
j the Southern Pacific, returned yesterday,
after tlirc? weeks in New York. I !
accompanied by Mrs. Crocker and Miss
| Rutherford mid $&lss JI. \V. Ruth" rf.ird of
New York. Thf> party is at the l'alace.
Miss Benjamin of New York is stopping
| at the Occidental, waiting passage on one
jof the transports bound for Manila. Misa
Benjamin is poing down to the front as
! a representative of Leslie's Weekly, for
i which periodical she acted as special cor
respondent during the campaign in Cuba.
During her stay with Shafter's army
around Santiago she was the heroine of
a number of romantic adventures and
hairbreadth escapes, and was the first
woman to enter Santiago after the sur
render of Toral and his Spanish troops.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK. ,
NEW YORK, June 3.— Homer S. King/
of San Francisco is at the Manhattan: H.
Holman and family of San Francisco ar«j
at the x.artholdi; Sam N. Rucker of San
Jose is at the Hoffman; John 11. Black of
Pasadena is at the Imperial.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A QUARTER— A quarter of a dollar of
' 1838 sells at prices varying from 50 cents to
So cents, according to condition.
THE CABINET— M. T., Gait, Cal. The
list of the members of MeKinley's' Cabinet
was published in this department May IS.
THE ADDRESS— Reader, City. If a
communication is addressed to "The Pro
prietor of the San Francisco Call. Call
Editorial Rooms," it will reach him.
NOT APPOINTED — Reader. City.
! Archbishop Riordaa was not appointed
a commissioner to represent the? United
! States at the Czar's disarmament con
vention. ■
THE NEXT CENTURY— A. and 8.,
City. The next century will begin at the
moment that the minute hand of the
clock passes the hour of 12 clock mid
night, December 31. 1900. In other words,
the new century commences with the
year 1901."
MESSENGER SERVICE— F.i Benicla.
Cal Persons desiring to apply for the
position of messenger at the navy-yard at
Mare Island under civil service rules
Dmitri reciue<=t application blank and in
formation 'from thl seer ; tary of the board
of labor employment at that point.
PLAYING CASlNO— Reader, City. Un
"less there is an understanding between,
the players before the game that players^
.shall go out as soon as they make enough
■..',- then the rule that that player who
Eas cards counts out first prevails. The
?ount is" Cards, spades, big casino, little
r^sino ace. If there was no prior ar
rangement in the game cited the players
had to wait until ihe deal was over and
the one who had cards was entitled to
count first, and having more than the
I requisite number of points, won the game.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied daily tS
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. •
The Wheels Grind Slowly.
Charles Mattheas, a cigar dealer on
Market street, was arrested April 19 for
battery upon Philip Gundlach, the well
known wine merchant on City Hall
square. The case was heard next day
fere Justice of the Peace Barry, who
ifas then sitting as Police Judge, and on
Friday he rendered his decision, sentenc
ing Mattheas to pay a fine.
A Work of Art.
The new book. "Wonderland," Just lesuod by
the Northern Pacific Railway Company, ta tha
prettiest publication issued by any railway
company this year. It Is full of beautiful half
tone Illustrations, and contains besides a well
written description of a trip taken over this
finely equipped line, Including a tour through
the wonderful Yellowstone Park. Send 6c la
stamps and It will be mailed to you. T. K.
Stateler, Gen. Agt., 63S Market at.. San Fran-v
Cisco. A
The Rio Grande Western Railway
Take pleasure in announcing the; Inaugural!' n
June 1, 1899. of a complete dining-car service
between Ogden and .Denver on all transconti
nental trains. Service a la carte. General ol
flce, 14 Montgomery st.SECOND DAY OF
BIRD KILLING
AT INGLESIDE
Naumann Gets the
Gold Dust Medal.
WINS IT ON A LUCKY TOSS
THREE INTERESTING EVENTS
AND A BIG ENTRY LIST.
Conclusion of the Pigeon Shoot This
Afternoon Will Bring a Large
Crowd to the
Traps.
The second day of the State live bird
tournament under the auspices of the
Olympic Gun Club drew a fair sized crowd
to the traps at Ingleside. In the morn-
Crack Shots Who Xn Seen |
Ing the weather was warm and pleasant,
but the fog rolled in during the after
noon, chilling the experts and Interfering
with the accuracy of their shots.
There were three events— ten-bird,
twenty-bird and twelve-bird races. The
second, a twenty-bird race, was for the
gold dust medal. Blade and Nauman tied
In this race with nineteen birds. The
tossing- of a coin settled that Naumann
should wear the handsome gold and dia
mond medal for the year. The pool was
divided. It was decided that by an agree
ment on the part of both men that the
entry fee for next year should be divided
also, as the winner of the medal is en
titled to entrance money on the next shoot
upon the surrender of the medal.
In the ten-bird shoot C. Lion, C. Nau
mann and Slade made clean scores and
divided the money. In the twelve-bird
shoot Naumann and Haight divided the
First' event. California Wing Club race-
Ten birds, entrance fee $5. 126 added to the
California Wing Shooting Club; high guns
won. The $<< prize was divided among
Naumann, Merrill and Slade.
O. Feudner 210212 — ..
F. Merrill 1212111221-10
C. IJr.n ■.'.'■■.'.'..'.'•. "••-•-•••••• -1221112122— i6
O Nauman 122111.1— — 10
Cowan : "1112 — •■
iTlKalsbe 201210.......
C. A HaiKht 11 020.......
P. K. Smith 1210110......
O. W. Kibble 210220 - (
"siadV: HmSIS
Vernon !«;«;«-
Hewlett *. zn ~ - "~"
Second event. Gold Dust medal race -
Twenty birds, entrance $5. Two moneys;
$?1 and $14. In this race the club gave
$15 to the second high gun and $10 to the
third high gun.
O. Feudner 211122112120*212220.-..
F Mmskey 21022122202122 -..
F' Merrill •' 2100221221221211120.— ..
Vernon 120010 — -••
C Naumann 22222£2112J21111221 13
Hewlett 12U12112100120 —
i" lion ■■■..... 02221121122*0 —
r A Haight -"■ 2222222022—
B R Pmlth "... 1222222220221212200.-..
••<;iaV- 12112220112112211121-19
w. nobcrtson'.::: v:;..:::^S^ I0 ::::::=::
f'owin 10tlliilI<I"" — ••
InJklsbe .; 22111122022221012120-17
K,bbu£ V..... mi122022221U01«..-..
Far ..'.'.■.■.■ 1110210U1120 — .
Third event, Dupont Smokeless Powder
Twelve birds, entrance $7 ;iO. ?_'■> aii'i-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT CAN'T BE DONE.
No One Can Remain Well, No
Chronic Disease Can Be Cured
Unless the Stomach Is
First v a de Strong and
Vi£orou<*.
This is plain because every or£an in
the body depends on the stomach for its
nourishment. Nerve, bone, sinew, blood
are made from the food which the sto-
mach converts to our use.
How useless to treat disease with
this, that and the other remedy and
neglect the most important of all, the
stomach.
The earliest symptoms of indigestion
are sour risings, bad taste in the
mouth, gas in stomach and bowels, pal-
pitation, all-gone feeling, faintriess,
headaches, constipation; later comes
loss of flesh, consumption, liver and
heart troubles, kidney diseases, nervous
prostration, all of which are the indirect
result of poor nutrition.
Any person suffering from indigestion
should make it a practice to take after
each meal one of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, allowing it to dissolve in the
mouth and thus mingle with the saliva
and enter the stomach in the- most nat-
ural way. These Tablets are highly
recommended by Dr. Jennison because
they are composed of the natural di-
gestive acids and fruit essences which
assist the stomach In digesting all
wholesome food before it has time to
ferment and sour.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold
by druggists, full sized packages at 50
cents. They are also excellent for in-
valids and children. A book on stomach
diseases and thousands of testimonials
of genuine cures sent free by address-
ing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
Ed tby the Dupont Smokele&s Powder
Company; high guns to win.
Feudner 221122222202— U
Naumann 212121111112— 12
Smith 21111202200.—..
"Slade" 111:1 limn I*—lo1 *— 10
Lion 22i'222122121— 11
Halght 121212122122-12
Kibble lew Withdrew
Merrill 212»121111u. — ..
Cowan 11211122024:1— 11
Vernon 121100 Wthdrw
To-day will see the last of this most
successful tournament. There will be
three events— the Selby ten-bird race, the
twelve-bird California Smokeless Powder
race and the twenty-bird race for the Fay
diamond medal.
DR. LORIMER CONTRADICTED.
Alleged False Statements Made by
Him on Missionary Questions.
Dr. George C. Lorimer, the Eastern
Baptist divine who was recently in this
city, made some statements which have
been emphatically contradicted by com
bined forces of Presbyterians and Congro
gationallsts. He has been accused of man
ufacturing data with which to embellish
his speeches arid render them more at
tractive to his audiences. Not only does
the wave of indignation created by his
statements roll from congregations pro
fessing beliefs at variance with his own,
bin Dr. H. C. Mabie, the secretary ot'
the American Baptist Foreign Missionary
I'iron and an adherent of his own laith,
tiikej. him to task for his assertions.
:>r. Lorimer declared that it cost the
Piesbyterians (232 to convert a heathen,
the Congregatlonalists $176 and the Bap
tists only $17 52.
!\ the layman these figures would seem
to Indicate that the Baptists are valiant
champions in the art of bringing the gos>
p< 1 into the heart of the savage, or That
other religious denominations squander
tile money which has been collected at
home for the propagation of Christian
doctrl
Dr. Mabie, the Baptist Missionary Un
ion's secretary, does not think that his
denomination is much in advance of other
on the Side at the Annual
religions in dealing with savages, and Dr. |
Ira M. Condlt, superintendent of the Pres
byterian Chinese Missions on the Pacific
Coast, has this to say regarding: Dr. Lorl
mer's conclusions:
It Is a shame for him to quote such fljnires.
They do the other denominations an injustice
and misrepresent us before the public. It Is
no wonder that we should feel, indignant. He
took any figure* he could get in order to make j
his speech sound well before his audience, i
Where he Rot his data I do not know, but I
am certain that it is wrong. He has proba- |
bly ken Rome returns from one particular
section where the Baptists have been very suc
cessful and has distorted the case so that the
other denominations should appear to disad
vantage.
Why, the idea of giving such figures. Any
one would Judge from them that the Presby
terians were extravagant in the conduct of
their foreign missions, while the Baptists were
Just the reverse. I know that no such condi- j
tion exists, for I have been many years In the j
work. Our missions have always been con- i
ducted economically, and I never before sup
COMING SESSION OF FRIENDS OF THE FOREST
President, 1/ce President and Treasirer of the
Supreme Lodge,
TIIK Kupremp Lodge of the order
known as the Friends of the Forest
will meet in Mission Opera Hall on
Tuesday next for the purpose of legis
lating for the benefit of the membership
and to elect new officers for the ensuing
term. The present officers are: Mrs, EL
M. Glngles. past supreme president; Mrs.
K. M. MeLane. supreme president; Mrs.
R. L. Hale, supreme vice president; Mrs.
L. Bcholten, supreme secretary; Mrs. A.
Boehm. supreme treasurer; Mrs. G. Black
all. supreme chaplain; Mrs. J. Miller, su
preme marshal; Mr?. L. Rinner. supreme
warden; Mrs. L. Hayman, supreme guard;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
posed that the Baptists had acquired the abil
ity to carry on their work any cheaper. If
the Presbyterians so desired they could quote
figures which would make the work appear just
as creditable to them and as costly to the
other churches as Dr. Lorlmer has done for the
Baptists.
PRISONERS AT THE BAR.
Various Sentences Imposed on Con
victs—Other Cases Continued.
Sarah Carrolson, a widow, and the
mother of nine children", the young
est 15 months and the eldest 15 years of
age, was brought before Judge Cook yes
terday morning for sentence upon a
charge of mayhem. All of her youngsters
occupied a bench near the dock, and wept
:in unison when their childish minds
j finally grasped their mother's plight.
A few months ago Mrs. Carrolson be
| came the enemy of Mrs. Mary Maddigan,
i who resides on Natoma street. The more
i Mrs. Carrolson thought of the comely
looks of Mrs. Maddigan the more she re
solved to put a blemish on the same. A
few weeks ago she called on Mrs. Maddi
gan and without explanation assaulted
her. A rough and tumble fight ensued,
and at the end Mrs. Maddigan found that
she was minus a large portion of her up
per lip. Mrs. Carrolson had bitten it
away, and for the shocking crime was
forthwith arrested and charged with
mayhem. She was convicted, and yes
terday Judge Cook pronounced sentence.
I Owing to the sympathy of the proseeu-
I tion and the recommendation of the jury
; for mercy. Judge Cook was disposed to
be extremely lenient with the woman and
sentenced her to ten days in San Quentin
prison.
John Piggott and Cal Childs, the noto
rious pickpockets, were also up for sen
tence. Figgott was given five years in
San Quentin and childs will serve a sim
ilar term in Folsom. Attorney George D
Collins, who represents the accused, gave
notice of appeal, and a stay of execution
was granted.
Louis Wyntgues and Thomas Harmon,
convicted of burglary, were sentenced to
one year each in San Quentin. Ten pris
oners awaitt-d sentence in Judge Law
lor's court, but all but one were put over
till Saturday. John Logan, convicted of
an assault with a deadly weapon, was
sentenced to one year in San Quentin.
The calendar of Judge Dunne's court,
owing to the dentil of Mrs. Bridget
Greany, mother of John T. Greany, Pros
ecuting Attorney of the department, was
continued until next Saturday.
. .
Labor Cares for Its Own.
At the regular weekly meeting of the
Labor Council on Friday there were sev
eral Interesting matters discussed.
Among them were: The placing of a boy
cott on Techau's Tavern on Mason street
at the instigation of the Musicians'
Union, which body claimed that Techau
Informed it that "when he fed people he
did not ask them whether they were
union men or not." The further consider
ation of this matter was referred to the
executive committee for Investigation.
The executive committee yesterday de
cided to call for a special tweeting of tho
council fur next Tuesday evening to c >n
pider the matter. This is the first time
the council has been convened in special
*• Bsion.
A similar disposition was made of the
controversy existing between the San
Francisco Printing Pressmen's I'nion. No.
24 rind the Abramson-Heunisch Company.
Delegates from the Typographical
Union— M. Monahon, T. H. Arnold. T. J.
Carroll, J. K. Philips and C. H. Parker-
Pigeon Shoot, Ingleside.
were received and seated, as were F. Eg
gleson and Thomas Westerfleld from the
Khip and Steambotft Joiners.
The matter of machine-made barrels,
by which several men have been thrown
out of employment, was under discussion.
It was stated that in one cooperage there
were only three men at work; the rest
of the labor was done by fifteen boys
with the aid of machinery, whereas there
should be several men and only a few
boys Lf the regular order of labor union
rules were observed. To aid the coopers
Mrs. E. Finney, supreme sentinel; "William
Goddard, H. li Burlingame and Frederick
| L. Griffith, supreme trustees.
| The four local lodges will be represented
i by the following named as delegates: Pio
i neer Lodge— M. Boehm, Mrs. A. Asmann,
! Mrs. E. A. Jeffrey, Mrs. M. M. Reed. Miss j
Lizzie Rosevear, Miss L. M. Simons, Mrs.
Carrie Kruse, F. D. Brandon, Mrs. M.
Thomson, Miss Carrie Johnson. Lincoln
i Lodge— Mrs. S. E. Tryon, Miss O. Hoff-
I man, Mrs. H. L. Howard, John Rinner,
i Mrs. R. Hicks, Mrs, E. Harmon, Mrs. M.
j Trennell, Mrs. I. F. Raymond. Mizpah
Lodge— Mrs. J. Schtncll, Mrs. L. S. Bacon, ]
in their fight for right the Carpenters'
Union, No. 22, signified its willingness to
stand by its co-laborers until 'the end of
the trouble.
P. H. McCarthy, president of the
Building Trades Council, stated that the
eight-hour law would be enforced at all
hazards __
EMIL SAUER AND THE PIANOLA
THE GREAT VIRTUOSO PREDICTS
A FUTURE FOR THE AGE-
END PIANO PLAYER.
The Famous Pianist Visits the Ware
rooms of the Aeolian Company
to Hear the Pianola.
Mr. Saver, accompanied by Mr. Ernest
Knabe, Mr. William Knabe and Mr. Vic
tor Thrane, after listening to and playing
the Pianola, submitted to an Interview
which is accurately reported as follows:
"It is really wonderful. I can freely say
the Pianola gives me more pleasure than
I have had from thousands of so-called
treats of pianistic effort.
"I have heard a great many musical in
ventions, but the Pianola is the first
which has a reason for existing.
"It is sure to ha%-e a future. This is my
candid opinion. You know an artist often
has to assist a struggling brother with
words of praise a little exaggerated, but
in this case it is different. When I say
that the Pianola has a musical future I
am talking about something I really be
lieve in.
"It plays 'La Campanella' of Liszt, and
other pieces which call primarily for tech
nical evenness, in really good style and
with a technique fairly astonishing. No
pianist could approach it.
"Of course in romantic or sentimental
music, in what I should call erotic music,
it must he less satisfactory, as the per
sonality or individuality of the player
Counts for so much more in music of this
class.
"As I say, it will have a musical future.
I want you to send one to my home in
Dresden. Here is a card which gives my
address: Hahnelstrasse 8, Dresden, Ger
many. As soon as it arrives I shall give
a reception to all the best musical people.
No musician can help admiring it."
Do you think there is anything to be
said about its usefulness to musicians and
composers and for musical purposes gen
erally?
"I certainly do think there is a great i
deal to be said. Why. it will be of prac
tical service to me, and I fully Intend to
employ it in that way. You see, 1 often
have to practice a piece for two weeks
and get it well under my hands before I
can tell whether or not I can create an
effect with it. Sometimes I find that no
satisfactory effect can be produced, and
so lose my time and labor. For it is la T
bor. Now. the Pianola would tell me this
in two minutes."
Mr. Saver was much pleased with the
rendition of his "Am Bache." but com
plained that the "Espenlaub" could not
be played rapidly enough. It was then
tried oh another instrument with a faster
motor and pla«ved at correct tempo.
"I wish you would cut my 'Murmures
de Vent'"' added Mr. Saver. "and also
my 'Galop de Concert.' They ought to be
just the things to be effective. You also
ought to have Balakirew's Oriental fan
-1 tasie, 'Islamei.' It is a horribly difficult
i work, but the Pianola would play It beau-
Mr Saver was asked what he thought
about the usefulness of the instrument to
composers.
"I can see how your instrument must
ai.l the cause of the composer," he re
plied "In disseminating a knowledge of
his music. As it is now, hundreds of mer
itorious compositions cannot gf>t a hear
ing consequently no one knows anything
about them. Some of these pieces get one
hearing. But that is not enough. Real
! music to be appreciated must be heard
! again and again."
Before leaving Mr. Saver expressed his
appreciation again, congratulating the
' company for having produced the first
successful musical invention, and added,
humorously. "You American inventors
will kill our profession. The artists of the
future will have a hard time of it. In ten
years there will be no more virtuosi. No
"player can do what that instrument has
just dene. It is not possible."
On Sunday afternoon a representative
of the Aeolian Company played for Mr.
Saver in his moms at the Hotel Savoy
and strengthened the impressions of the
previous day.
Statement of Kmil Saver:
"I have examined all the pages of this
article with care. With some alterations
in the order of the statements, it agrees
with my recollection of the interview. At
any rate it expresses my views with ac
curacy " (Signed) EMIL SAUER.
New Forte, May 22, 1*99.
The Pianola is for sale by the agents,
Kohler & Chase. 2S and 30 O'Farrell
street.
Entertained Sailor Men.
The San Francisco Seamen's Institute
celebrated Its sixth anniversary in its
rooms, 33 Steuart street, on Friday. Cap
tain John Metcalfe occupied the chair and
after a prayer by Chaplain O'Rourke
made the opening address. A first-class
musical and literary entertainment fol
lowed. Among those who assisted in
making the affair a success were: Miss
Hulday Anderson. Henry Holmes, Mrs.
Julius' Klein. Miss Gertrude Judd. Miss
Isabel K«rr. B. Coonley, William Bal
nav.s. Miss Nancy Place. Miss Ina Allen,
Mr. Keane. Charles Adams. R. J. Fenn
and Julius Klein. The Right Rev. W. F.
Nicholls was also present and made a
very Interesting address. At the close of
the entertainment the sailor men were
taken downstairs, where a bountiful re
past had been provided.
Commend the Minority.
The regular Democratic Club of the
Forty-first District met in Tilton Hall,
corner of Union and Octavia streets,
Thursday night and adopted resolutions
commending Mayor Phelan and the honest
minority of the Board of Supervisors for
the firm stand they took against the rail
road in the attempted franchise steal.
Mrs. L,. Jolly, J. Schmell, Mrs, J. M.
Rucker, G. Lachman. America Lodge-
George Lippman. William Huack, Mrs. M.
Marquard and Mrs. M. Barduhu.
There are a number of the delegates
who arc aspirants for the honor of su
preme officers.
The order has been In existence about
two years, and in that time has been en
gaged In the work of kindred organiza
tions—that of providing its members with
medical attendance and medicine for a
small monthly outlay and also attending
to the burial of those who pass away.
During the approaching session there wnl
be an effort made to lay the foundation
for the expansion of the order in all
parts of tho State.
LAWYERS' FEES
WILL BE PAID
BY DEPUTIES
Preparations for the
Charter Suit.
SCHEME TO RAISE FUNDS
AN ASSESSMENT WILL BE LEV
IED SOON.
Some Believe That a Full Month's
Salary Will Be Demanded by
the Officials, but This
Is Denied.
The firm of Rodgers, Patereon & Slack
and Attorney George D. Collins have been
retained by County Clerk Deane, Sheriff
Martin, Recorder Berthier, District Attor
ney Murphy and other members of the
combine organized to test the validity of
certain measures incorporated in the new
charter limiting the tenure of all the
county office holders. Just what figure
these attorneys will demand from the
office holders for representing them in the
important litigation remains to be seen,
but various rumors are causing consider
able anxiety among the host of deputies
at the present time. By some it is said
i that each and every deputy in the various
offices will be taxed one month's salary to
meet the expenses of the litigation! but if
such were the case the attorneys for their
labors would receive a sum that would
reach in the neighborhood of 125,000, the
County Clerk's office alone representing
$8000 of this sum.
Those best in a position to know, how
ever, say that the alarm of the deputies
is premature. That an assessment will
be made none deny, but it will be far
below the figure named. Five thousand
dollars will amply meet all court expenses
and attorney fees, they say, and on this
basis a 10 per cent assessment on all sala
ries will net sufficient funds to liquidate
all obligations arising out of the litiga
tion.
In defense of the proposed assessment
levy the officials point to the fact that
it is as much to the interest of the depu
ties as to the officials to test the validity
of the measures limiting the tenure of
the officials, for, they say, if the officials
must step out. so must the deputies. An
other campaign must be made, and cam
paigns are more expensive than reasonable
litigation. If the outlay of a few dollars
on the part of each deputy is required,
none, the officials say, can complain, for
th*>ir interests are centered in a final de
cision on the involved issues. Whether it
will please them, or not, or whether or not
any man among them is unwilling to give
up a few dollars to possibly secure a posi
tion for himself for three more years, an
assessment will be levied, but it will not
be as large as some fear. It will not de
prive them of thPir gold earned by the
I labor of thirty days.
GRIGSBY WRITES TO
HIS LATEST VICTIM
THE EX - SOLDIER BIGAMIST
PROMISES TO RETURN.
Sends a "Barrel of Kisses" to Wife
Number Three From Denver — No
References to Charges
Against Him.
Ex-Sergeant Willis O. Grlgsby, late of
the United States array, who is warned
by the authorities of two counties for
bigamy, has been heard from again. His
third victim. Miss Nova Wood of Bakers
field, who is at present stopping- in this
city, and who enjoys the unenviable dis
tinction of being Mrs. Grigsby No. 3, re
ceived' a letter from Grigsby yesterday
and promptly communicated the fact to
Postal Inspector Irwin, who Is anxious
to locate the ex-soldier in order to ask
him a few questions concerning his llli
gal use of Government stamped envelopes
in his private correspondence.
The letter was dated Denver, May 31,
and bore a Denver postmark, in addition
to the postmark of some small town in
the vicinity of the Colorado capital, which
could not be deciphered. The recreant
husband wrote gushingly of his love tor
his "little wife," and inclosed the usual
"barrel of kisses" with which he seema
to have impartially favored all his dupes
whenever he communicated with them.
He made no reference to the charges
against him. but said he intended to con
tinue on his journey to Covington, Ky.,
where he was going to "close up his
father's estate," and if all went well ho
expected to return to San Francisco in
about ten days.
Inspector Irwin took possession of the
letter and telegraphed to the Inspector at
Denver immediately. The police of that
city were also notified to arrest the man
if he could be found. He is hardly likely
to be in that city now, however, although
Miss Wood believes he has spent all his
money by this time and re-enlisted in the
army. Inspector Irwin thinks that the
letter was mailed from some small town
near Denver. It is believed that Grlgsbv
will be apprehended before many days
and brought back to the coast to face his
victims and perhaps answer to chargers
to be preferred against him by the postal
authorities.
SUNDAY-SCHOOL PICNIC.
Presbytery of San Francisco Gives
Little Ones an Outing.
Several hundred youngsters had a gala
time at Fairfax Park yesterday. The oc
casion was the annual outing of the Pres
byterian Sunday-schools of San Fran
cisco, and the early trains were taxed to
their utmost capacity in handling the
crowds of little tots who held tickets for
the day's pleasure. An early start was
made and most of the children departed
on the 7 o'clock boat. Those who left on
the 8 o'clock boat were obliged to stop at
San Anselmo until 9:30.
Each child was provided with a lunch,
and the arrival of the noon hour was re
garded as one of the principal events of
the -trip. During the day games of all
descriptions were played and many of the
merrymakers carried home valuable
prizes, the result of their superiority in
the contests. Running races and all ath
letic sports composed a large part of the
programme.
The picnic was given under the aus
pices of the Sabbath-School Association
of the Presbytery of San Francisco and
was under the direct supervision of a
committee headed by Rev. R. W. Rey
nolds, the pastor of Lebanon Presbyterian
Church. It was more than a success and
praise was showered on the management
for its clever arrangement of details.
Each class was chaperoned by its teacher,
the list of which is as follows: First
Presbyterian Church, Donald MacKenzie;
Trinity. H. E. Bostwick; Howard. J. W.
Butler; Olivet, E. G. Mathena; Mizpah,
G. A. Geilow; Calvary. James Horsburgh;
Westminster, Charles Adams; Holly Park,
A. F. McLeod: Chinese, I. M. Condit;
Lebanon, R. W. Reynolds; Franklin.
David James; Memorial, H. N. Bevier;
St. John's F. Walker; Mission, F.
Walker; Welch, H. J. Lloyd; Japanese,
E. A. Sturge; French Reformed. Mrs.
Marshall: Japanese Mission, Mr. Kodama;
Second-street Mission H. S. Blackwell;
Emmanuel Mission, Rev. James Wood-
The officers of the Sabbath-school Asso
ciation are: Rev. E. G. Mathena, D.D.,
president; Edward Kerr, vice president;
A. F. McLeod, recording secretary; Mrs.
Thomas C. Pedlar, corresponding secre
tary; G. A. Geilow, treasurer.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh ctreet, corner Mission. SaJt
water direct from ocean.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
DR. SWEANY CAN and
WILL CURE YOU !
' The old reliable and long established spec' *list for men and women, al-
ways abreast of this advanced and progressive age in the treatment of the
sick and afflicted; acknowledged by the leading medical authorities as the
first specialist of the present age. *
Y^^\ Electricity=Medicine
iiJEy The latest improved static, faradic
Mfiß'l 'X and galvanic electrical appliances
figfiA m known to science for the treatment of
ajg«fi'/ j_.lMlinit> —£t*h.l£ a " nervous and chronic diseases.
KeSjji ~%2b&!&j VS33CO* Rheumatism, acute and chronic, Lum-
TffvWj, .s**s^-- t£?=^l* bago,' Gout and all aches and pains
V?A 'it *"* \* B quickly succumb to the doctor's com-
Vfffl / \ ■ bined electro-medical treatment. The
• \ «!&1 kj+ B miraculous effects in the treatment
V'ltQK" /-'^wwnv M " f *he above-named diseases are, to
I -^MP*^' ! l say tht least ' wonderful. Patients
tfiiiwiMii&MtiP* "*^^^^i^i. who for months we're unable to walk
MiM/iif SciSijtti^y^.' erect without going through tortures
VV''<?V nM'OT <^^^^* Qnd suffering excruciating pains in
% *<f^~j)>m^y,^sS/^WR&!s^\~,> the back - side and limbs, after one or
yiU^^MW'^^^'m^^^^v two treatments, stand perfectly
sAlfflltWP s *^ I 'iiM^ straight without effort and walk with.
out the use of cane or crutch -
DR, SWEANY CURES
DIIDTII DC without use of the knife nr WCD\/n||<? RFRII ITY and all its at "
KUr I truss, » without detention nLnVUUO UCDlLll^tending all-
from business. A painless, sure and ments of young, middle-aged and old
permanent cure. men. The awful effects of indiscre-
tions in youth (self abuse) or excesses
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON, lected^or e improper?y 6 treat S ed°cas e c!"
CVDUII IC and all diseases of the producing lack of vitality, weak back,
OirmLlO blood promptly and thor- sexual weakness (impotency), chest
oughly cured and every trace of the pains. nervousness. sleeplessness,
poison eradicated from the system for- weakness of body and brain, dizziness,
ever, restoring health and purity. failing memory, lack of energy and
confidence, despondency, evil forebod-
VARIPfIPFJ F Hydrocele and all ings, timidity and other distressing
VMnIbUULLL swellings, tenderness] symptoms. Cures guaranteed,
and impediments of sexual parts all! .._... .._..,■
quickly and completely cured. WFAIf MFN T '" st manhoo<l an(i vital-
" lIILnIV IflLHity restored to weak
RIQFA^FQ fIF RFnT!IM F 's t ula - men - Organs of the body which have
UIOLHOLO Ul nLUIUHIp i 1 c been weakened or shrunken through
(hemorrhoids), internal or protruding, diseases, overwork, excesses or indis-
itching. excoriations, etc., positively cretions are restored to full power,
cured without the use of the knife, strength and vigor.
DISEASES 6f WOMEN A SPECIALTY.
I take special pride in the success which has attended my efforts in the
treatment of diseases of women. Permanent and satisfactory cures in ail-
ments produced by abnormal or unnatural conditions of the "female organs,
painful menstruations, irregularities, barrenness, inflammation, hysteria,
pain In the back and loins, neuralgia, dullness of vision, smarting pain and
Itching of the parts, bearing down, leucorrhoea or whites and other com-
plaints which often result In great prostration and nervousness. My com-
bined electro-medical treatment in all diseases of" women really works won-
ders.
WRITE If you cannot call. Letters confidential, and answered in plain en-
fw ill I L velopes. Dr. Sweany has perfected the most successful home treat-
ment known, and thousands who were unable. to call at his offices have been
cured at their homes.
CURES GUARANTEED IN EVERY CASE ACCEPTED.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market St., San Francisco.
. Office hours 9a.m.to 5 p. m., and 6:30 to S p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to
2 p. m.
When you call or write mention The Call.
CALIFORNIA ACTRESS WHO
WON LAURELS IN THE EAST
Rose Glemence Has Re
tiirned for a Brief
Sojourn,
I i M ii 1 i i i 111 iii n iii i M
San Francisco friends as Rose Wat-M
son, the wife of Professor WalterM
Watson, discoverer of Jim Corbett andH
a well-known teacher of the manly artH
of self defense, has returned to theH
Pacific Coast for a brief sojourn. SheH
was the originator and organizer ofH
the Clemency trio and has scored manyH
successes throughout the East <luringM
the past season. Her popularity on thcH
other coast has been the instigator of H
magnificent offers and will in-cfssitateM
her permanent absence from ("aliior-H
ni.'t. At present she is in San Fran-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
Cisco to take a much-needed rest and to settle some property matters. When
she returns to the East she has been engaged to create leading "boy parts"
in a production which will be staged early in the season. The clever Califor
nian has formed a partnership with Miss Mazie Grevelle.
Professor Watson will accompany his wife to her new home and will con
tinue his profession in new fields.
ANOTHER LIEBES SUIT.
Decedent's Divorced Wife Alleges
That She Was Victimized.
Suit was filed yesterday afternoon by
Mrs. Hannah Liebes against George. Syd
ney and Herman Liebes and Nathan
Meyer, executors of the will of the late
Herman Liebes. the deceased divorced
husband of the plaintiff, to recover $80,726,
alleged to be due her from decedent's
estate.
In her complaint Mrs. Liebes alleges
that in February of 1892, while divorce
proceedings she had instituted were pend
ing, an agreement was entered into be
tween herself and her husband by which
the deceased agreed to divide all of the
community property and give her one
half, to which she was entitled under the
law. A statement was made her by
Liebes. she continues, in which he placed
the value of the community property at
$125,545, among the assets being two shares
of the capital stock of the firm of Herman '
Liebes & Co. The division was made
and through the California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company she was paid $60,000,
the balance of her share going to pay
expenses of the transaction.
Mrs. Liebes says that she now finds that
her. divorced husband fraudulently repre- J
sented the value of the community prop
erty, which in fact at the time of the I
agreement was worth $290,000, and in
cluded 1650 shares of the capital stock of
the firm of H. Liebes & Co. Hence she '
Vedette bicycles
Columbia Bevel« Gear Chadless, Always ready to ride because the running
coiumpia pevei'uear cn<t»jicss. g ear J takes J care of itBe i f . Not hing to
entangle or soil the clothing because It has no chain. The best hill-climber because the
bevel-gearing cannot cramp or twist under strains. Price $75.
fnliimhifl Chain Mndfls have improved frame connections, specially cut sprock-
LOiumDia i>nam muucis cts wh .». h prevent sliding of th^ eha r n _ a.jsj. iach
chamfered chain, black and gold rims and other new and distinctive features. Price $50.
Hartinrd Rirvrlf? contain many improvements, including frames of the latest
11U1U ui^J^wiwa desien> flush joints, internal expanders, and crank-shaft con-
struction, which does away with the keyed-on crank. Price $35.
VpHpltf RICVCICS are built of excellent material and are in every way adapted to
TCUEItw " IV ; VIVJ those who desire a bicycle at moderate cost. Price, men's $25;
ladies', $26. . •
Pope Manufacturing Company
344 POST STREET SAN FRANCISCO
Uptown City Agency, I. P. ALLEN, Proprietor, 1970 Pago Strest, Near Stany»n.
asks a decree of the court declaring her
entitled to the balance as set forth above.
Immigrants for May.
Local United States fmmigration Com
missioner North reports the arrival of
723 immigrants at this port, of whom 553
were males. They brought with them
$38,547. The following nationalities and re
ligions were the most prominently repre
sented:
Japan 202, England 149. Ireland 26, Mex
ico 38. Germany 29, Portugal 28, Finlajid 8,
and Italy 5.
Protestants r.">o. Roman Catholics 169,
Buddhists IS?, Greek Catholics 5, Hebrews
2, no religion 14.
Advances made en furniture and planns. with
or without removal. J. Nnonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
A Youthful Criminal.
Louis Smith, a youth about IS years r>f
age. was hit. sted last night by Constable
Ohn and locked up in the City Prison on
a charge of stealing a horse and buggy.
A few- days ago young Smith was given
$50 by his father, who keeps a cigar
stand at East and Washington streets, to
get changed. Instead of returning with
the money he went to Sonoma and hired
a horse and buggy, which he drove to this
city and sold to an Italian peddler. Con
stable Ohn followed the lad to this city
and last night located him at a poker
game in the Caff Royal. He will be
taken to Sonoma for trial to-morrow.
78
SOUGHT TO RUIN
AN UNOFFENDING
POLICE OFFICER
Serious Blunder of
Horace Jackson.
WAS STRUCK IN THE JAW
CURSED A POLICEMAN AND WAS
SOUNDLY THRASHED.
After Recognizing His Mistake He
Prefers Charges Against Patrol
man Green — The Latter's
Statement.
Horace Jackson, who represents the in
terests of Colonel Dan Bui in the
Thirtieth District, is after the scalp Of
Policeman Pendenrast. Yesterday he
filed charges gainst the officer accusing
him of having assaulted him in a "brutal
ajid cowardly" manner.
According: to the sworn statement he
was conversing with a female com
panion in Smool a saloon at McAllister
and l^arkin streets last Thursday even
ing when he met his alleged assailant.
The latter was standing against the bar,
and as Jackson emerged from the rear
room he claims he was assailed by a vol
ley of oaths hurled by the officer. Jack
son, so he asserts, called the policeman
to account, whereupon the latter struck
him in the face with his clenched list,
knocking him against the wall. Bruised
and bleeding, Jackson Quickly regained
• his feet, but evidently realizing that he
was no ■;,..■ for his assailant, lie
quickly left the place.
Anxious to be revenged on 'the police
man. Jackson yesterday went before a
notary public and swore to a complaint
charging Pendergast with having assauit
ed him without provocation. Suosequent
ly he appeared at police headquarters and
filfd t)it- charges with Captain Wright,
clerk of the Board of Police Commits.on
ers. After reading the complaint Wright
sent for Pendergast and asked for an ex
planation. Pt_-ndt;rgast emphatically de
nied that he had had any trouble with
Jackson. He declared he was not even
acquainted with him and did not meet
him on the night that he claims he was
assaulted. Convinced that Jackson was
mistaken in the identification of the as
sailant, Captain Wright sent for him
and asked him if he was positive that
Pendergast was the man who bad as
saulted him. He explained that he had
been told that Pendergast was his as
sailant, and, concluding that the infor
mation was correct, he determined to
bring him before the Police Commission
ers.
isltively ascer
waa struck by Policeman
I st. To-mi irri w
hi- will withdraw his charges against the
latter iiii'l substitute a complaint a~.
Green charging him with haVing
n h ■ i- one of th< b st of
■ litral station, la
to defend himself against the cc a plaint
: k;-i>n in case the Pi oimis-
Bioners take roijnizance of his sworn
ement. He claims that Jarks^n was
in the saloon, accompanied by two women,
and as they were making' considerable
noise hi stepped In and warned the bar
r that h-- would arrest them If they
did not desist. Jus; then Jackson emerged
from the rear room and approaching the
policeman called him several vile names
Green says that he threat* n*fl to place
him under arrest, when Jackson struck
at him. The policeman dodged the blow
and caught the politician \inder the chin,
almost knocking- him out. As he begird
not to be arrested Greyn agreed not to
his promise not to creat »
any further trouble.
URGED TO COME WEST.
Secretary Wilson May Attend the
Agricultural College Convention.
Strong efforts are being made by the
members of th" Chamber of Commerce of
This city to in.'.' - ft LI erf Agricul
ture James Wilson to make -a visit to this
this end the following letter
it to Washington yesterday:
"As we In Ban Francisco are to bo fa
issembly of such eminent
live bodies as the Associa
tion of American Agricultural Colleges
■'""I -ions, and the Asso
n of Official Agricultural Chemists.
• which convene here July 5. 6 and
v.> earnestly hope that you will
• to attend these tneet
r upon us the honor of
ng you visit our city. Arrangements
•• : to take, the members
" f thi ; ■hrough portions
of our State during their stay, and en
show them more fully the many
■ I i ' .i Hfornla. Trust -
! lire "f meeting
ribe ourselves,"
•
Wilson Is an active member
Dned, and in addition
nee of
I ■"• leral official
to have him consent
■ • onventlons.
■ r>- and pianos, with
■ nan. 1017-1023 Mission.
FAVOR A MERCHANT MARINE.
The Wichita Convention Stands for
Subsidies for Carrying Mails.
■ months ago the local Chamber n f
Commerce passed resolutions in favor of
Congress passing such laws as would
make it an inducement for ships flying
Hag of this country to carry the mails
Its renre
ativea to the Trans-Mississippi
gress wfi-p instructed to do all in their
ward hH\i:,i< the convention take
a stand i'ir American shipping. Yester
day Secretary Scott received a dispatch
from Congressman Kahn, one of thy dele
whir): shows that some success has
it read?:
"Resolutions favoring merchant marine
adopted by large majority. It reads sub
tollows: "We favor the pay
■ of subsidies to American built mail
carriers and freighters sufficient to en
ompete with the subsidized
of foreign countries.' "
23 More Days— Mackay Quits— July Ist.
Carpet Remnants
Our closing out sac includes a lot of carpet rem-
nants and odd ends It's a chance in a year to
buy remnants at less than the usual remnant sale
prices. They are worth more, but we can't wa; — got
to quit. Some large enough for rooms, others make
useful rugs — 2 to 25 yds Bring room measurements.
*3 £} for remnants of Tapestry av^ for remnants of Axminster,
/j>(/$C Carpets — elegant pat- M fjC Coquette and Bod/ Brus-
terns and good quality. . sels Carpets Regular
Closing out price before, 65c. ' closing out price heretofore, $1.15.
ALEX, MACKAY & SON,
715 Market Street, Near Call Building.
A PLAIN ROMANCE IN
SPIRITUALISTIC CIRCLES
I ROMANCE in spiritualistic circles was uncovered yesterday through the
A marriage of Dr. Charles H. Rines to Countess Cary M. Peterson. The
f-\ ceremony was performed by Justice of the Peace Dunn at his cham
■*■ ■*■ bers in the City Hall, and was unattended by any of the pomp and
ceremony that ordinarily marks the nuptials of a Countess. When all was
over and the Ju<it-^ had pronounced them man and wife the aged bridegroom
went back to his office and resumed the business of reading the past, pres
ent and future through the medium of the forearms of his clients, and his
the Countess, sat for company in the antechamber to the consulta
tion room.
"He likes me and I like him, so we got married," was the simple expla
n given by the Countess when asked to relate the details of her ro
mance. It may be to her credit that it was not she that made known the
that may be hers by right of birth. It was the proud and happy hus
band who revealed this secret. To be sure, he explained that his wife was
In Norway, where titles are plentiful and money scarce; but he was
rtain that she was a Countess.
Dr. *Rlnes is 66 years old and his wife is just forty years his junior. They
met some months ago at a spiritualistic seance. During the intervals of
their communion with the spirits of another world they had time to think
• Time, Cupid Danforth and Judge Dunn did the rest. The Countess
,i widow, and this is her husband's third matrimonial venture.
Dr. Panes is- the president of the Independent Free Thought Bible Spir
itualists. He is also an ordained minister and a "magnetic and spiritual
r." The newly married couple will reside at 261 Arlington street, which
may be reached by obeying the following instructions copied from the
doctor's business card:
Take the Mission street cars; pet off at St. Mary's street; cross over the
railroad fence; third house on tli. left. Or take the San Mateo cars; get off
at No. 2 switch; t;' l down the bill; turn to the left; first house on the right.
PEACE REIGNS AGAIN
AMONG LOCAL EAGLES
THREATENED SECESSION DID
NOT TAKE PLACE.
The Trouble Caused by a Handful of
Members Who Desired to Run
Things to Suit Them
selves.
The threatened secession in the San |
Francisco Aerie. Fraternal Order of]
s, did not materialize at Friday
night's meeting. When it came to a
"show-down" the Becessloi "cold
feet," to us.- the language of one of the
loyal Eagles, and th< question was not
. lit up. I' appears that the or
der al asj lal meeting held a few days
since decided bj a majority vote to remain
with the Beattle Grand Lodge, the per
sonnel of wnose members had been re
i as not what it should be. At all
events the bolters have become subdued
and the defection, if any, will be very
small.
nd L-cturer H. H. Thompson arrived
from Seattlt and attended Friday's meet
ing. He was given a cordial reception, and
to offset the unfavorable report of the San
Francisco delegates stated that Seattle
Aerie, the mother lodge, numbers among
Its members ~t> Masons, 08 Odd Fellows, all
the Red Men ii) Beattle excepting five, 12
Elks and 275 professional men, artisans
;uid laborers.
As an evidence that the local aerie i 3
not on the verge of dissolution seventeen
new members were initiated, and there
are a score of applicants for admission.
Charges of treason are pending against
several of the intending bolters, and it Is
probable that they will not be given the
opportunity to resign, but will be expelled
from the order.
According to one of the prominent mem
bera who was at all times opposed to the
ndment proposition Ban Francisco
Aerie is on a solid and lasting basis.
"The withdrawal of a few members,"
he says, "who signally failed to run
things to suit themselves and for their
own personal advancement 1b to be re
garded more in the light of good news
than a possible disaster."
All for Charity.
The Eureka Society for the Protection
of Children, which has not for two years
given an entertainment, will on the 29th
of this month present an attractive pro
gramme at the Y. M. C. A. auditorium,
the proceeds of which will go to make
happier many a child who has known
nothing of what the true meaning of the
word home is. It is expected that the
public will give liberal support to the en
tertainment.
In the Divorce Court.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Emma Shrakkart against Charles Rhrak
kart for infidelity and cruelty; A. R. Pat
terson against Wilhelminu Patterson for
cruelty, and Annie J. Meussdi.rffer. against
Harry C. Muesdorffer for failure to pro
vide.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
KILLING OF SEALS
SUDDENLY STOPPED
HUNTERS RECALLED FROM GOV
ERNMENT RESERVATIONS.
Federal Officials Induced to Revoke
the Permission by a Number of
Eastern Scientists.
A halt, as sudden as it was unexpected, I
has been called in the destruction of the
sea lion herds on the Government light
house reservations. A month or co ago
the authorities at "Washington granted
permission to the California State Fish
and Game Commissioners to land d-eputies
on the big island rookeries for the pur
pose of thinning out the vest seal herds
which are destroying so many thousands
of fish every year. Yesterday this per
mission was withdrawn, the commission
nng the following letter from Cao
t:un Bebree, the Lighthouse Inspector of
this district:
The following is a copy of a telegram
received this day from the Lighthouse
Board:
'•WASHINGTON, D. C. May 31. 1599.
Lighthouse Inspector, San Francisco,
< .1!.: Board suspends authority con
tained in letter o, April 27 to land dep
uties to kill sea lions, till further or
ders. PERRY, Naval Secretary."
In compliance with tne above you
are Informed t.iat the authority to
keep deputies mi the lighthouse reser
vations at Farallon and uevo islands
for the purpose of killing a part of the
sea lions is suspended and you are re
quested to recall the deputies as soon
as they can be notified. I will notify
the keepers to send the deputies off
the reservations upon the tirst oppor
tunity.
Tho Commissioners are satisfied as to
the persons who inspired this action on
the part of the Lighthouse Board at
Washington. For the past two weeks a
1 number of letters have been received from
: a Mr. Shields, the editor of an Eastern
Journal, and others, protesting against the
destruction of the sea lions upon purely
sentimental grounds. These protests were
seconded by Dr. C. Hart Marriam, a sci
: entist and vice president of the League of
American Sportsmen at Washington
These gentlemen compared the destruc
tion of the sea lions to that 01 the buf
falo and antelope. President A. T Vogel
sang answered the letters politely hut
I forcefully to the effect that the protest
, ants were evidently not well Informed
!on tho subject of their concern. This Is
1 no doubt the hand that wielded the club
t President Vogelsang yesterday wrote a
, long letter to Secretary of the Treasury
j L. T. Gage, calling attention to the ex
pense that has entailed in fitting out the
expeditions against the sea lions, with the
permission of the Government. Also that
the movement against these sea animals
has received the indorsement and approv
al of the commercial and scientific men of
the coast. And further, that the State
and the United States are spending thou
sands nf dollars every year to foster and
i build up the salmon industry. Into which
the sea robbers are ma>x.n -"■ such disas
; trous inroads. He concluded by request
ing that the order of revocation' be recon
sidered and permission again granted
Deputy Al Wilson and an assistant are
on the Farallones and Captain Scott and
two assistants are on the Ano Nuevo
Islands, but so far they have not been
able to destroy many of the seals. They
have been recalled.
Mrs. Clark's Death.
Denis Kearney called at the Morgue
yesterday to make arrangements for the
interment of Mrs. Dorothy Clark, who
committed suicide last Friday by taking
carbolic acid in the Mansfield House at
210 Post street. Mr. Kearney informs* tli^
Morgue officials that she was the daugh
ter of ex-Alderman Sullivan of Boston
Her mother died In this city^everal years
ago and was buried in Mountain View
Cemetery.
Internal Revenue Receipts for May.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch re
ports the following- as the receipts of his
office for month of May: Lists, ,490 9*3;
beer, $91,044 05: fruit spirits, $29,787 23
--gram spirits, $29,006 67; export stumps,
$3 70; cigars and cigareties, $15,713 or
tobacco, $4,702 62; snuff $26 45; specials',
$2451 09; playing cards, $43 24; document
ary, $67,771 B0; proprietary, $10,977 17; total,
1268,017 69. The collections for May, 1898
were $126,324 25.
A Young Men's Meeting.
Rev. H. M. MeKnlght, pastor of Cen
tenary M. E. Church, will address the :
meeting for men only at the Young Men's
Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
Btrees, this afternoon. The service com
mences promptly at a o'clock; young men
in general are Invited.
TIGHTENING THE
RAILROAD SCREWS
WILL INVOKE THE LAW FOR RE
MOVAL OF MISSION TRACK.
Federation of Improvement Clubs
Wants Southern Pacific to Build
Its Bay Shore Line.
The Federation "of Mission Improvement
Cluh£ will not permit any grass to grow
under Its feet in tightening the screws
on the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany. At the meeting of that body held
last night at Fairmount Hall a resolu
tion was passed instructing the District
Attorney to at once commence proceed
ings against the monopoly to remove its
tracks along the line from Third and
Townsend streets to the county line.
The following is the resolution as
passed: -;■ -<
Resolved, By the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs, representing the whole of
the Mission district, that we respectfully re
quest the Board of Supervisors to Instruct the
District Attorney (Judpe D. J. .Murphy) to
immediately institute legal proceedings in the
name of the city and county of San Francisco
to abate the nuisance now being operated by
the Southern Pacific Railroad Of Kentucky;
also the rock crusher and quarry now Mine
operated by Gray Bros, at the corner of Doug
lass and Clipper streets, as both of these
nuisances are being operated without the sh;id
i'\v of legal right and are detrimental to the
best Interests of the residents Hnd taxpayers ot"
the Mission district.
Resolved, That our secretary prepare a peti
tion to tie presented at the next meeting of
the Board of Supervisors, and that a com
mittee of seven L»- appointed to wait on the
District Attorney and the Board of Supervisors
and explain the wishes or the people of this
district, and be it further
Resolved, That we request the press of this
city to use Its jrreat Dower to assist us In
our efforts to recover the use of our streets
and the enjoyment of life, health and the
pursuit of happiness,
Following in the wake of this scorcher,
which was introduced by Captain Ander
son, Gustave Schnce. chairman of the ex
ecutive committee, introduced the follow
ing on the Geary street franchise, which
wenl through without a single vote in
opposition;
Resolved, That the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs Is of the opinion that It is
against public policy to grant a new franchise
on Geary street at this time, and believes that
the interest of the entire people will be best
subserved by allowing the present franchise to
expire before any action is taken by the Board
of Supervisors on this most Important question.
Resolved, further. That this federation com
mends his Honor Mayor Phelan and the press
for their assistance in defeating the- boodle
scheme of the railroad company and those Su
pervisors who Bought to barter away valuable
privileges belonging to the people without any
Just return.
Resolved, further. That we pledge our assist
ance to defeat the Geary-street frnnchlse Job
and would urge the people to take charge of
this road on the expiration of the franchise In
1903 and operate It in the Interest of the city.
NATIVES OF MAINE
GATHER AT SHELL MOUND
ANNUAL REUNION OF THE
STATE ASSOCIATION.
Senator Perkins Delivers an Oration.
Many Interesting Features Con
tribute to the Day's En
joyment.
The twenty-second annual reunion of
the State of Maine Association of Cali
fornia was held at Shell Mound Park yes
terday and was a surpassing success.
Nearly a thousand natives of the Pine
Tree State with their descendants jour
neyed across the bay and were soon en
gaped in the full enjoyment of the day.
There was a large number of young folks
owing to the fact that children under 15
year? of ape were admitted free. Danc
ing in the pavilion constituted the prin
cipal amusement, while the old people
lived over again the happy days of their
childhood spent among the hilis and val
leys of Maine.
At 12 o'clock the lunch baskets were
opened and to the good things which had
bfen brought were added baked beansand
brown bread, which had been thought
fully furnished by the association.
After the discussion of the eatables the
From All Parts of California Come Grateful Letters
Telling: of Cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
THE GRANDEST REMEDY OF THE AGE!
Made famous by its thousands of cures of Nervous, Organic and Vital Weakness, Kidney
Disease, Lame Back, Stomach and Liver Troubles, Rheumatism, Varicocele and all Drains of
Vitality in Men, as well as Female Weakness in every form, Bearing-Down Pains, Nervous
Exhaustion, Poor Circulation, Constipation, Pains in. the Back and other troubles. Its gentle,
soothing current fills the body with life and sets all weakened parts to work in a healthy
manner. It cures gradually by restoring the natural vigor to the nerves and organs.
READ THESE REMARKABLE CURES:
CURED.RHEUmfITISm MIND WEAKNESS.
' ■ -"» '. : .v - : . . May 20 1899
PR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN— Sir: Having received so much benefit from your Belt, I wish to hand you this" statement for
the purpose of helping others suffering as I was. from Rheumatism and Weakness. I am over seventy-four years of ase and have
been troubled with these complaints over thirty years. I have been cured by your Belt, after two months' use of it and hail tried
most everything: in existence before I grot relief. I ran truthfully say that I have received a permanent cure My back Is strong
my health better and have Improved wonderfully In every way. I consider when your Belt can cause "such a change that It Is
worthy of the highest praise, and I take great pleasure In being able to send you this statement. Very gratefully
.• :; v ? TAPTATX J. W. JOHNSTON, Redlands. Cal.
GENERAL WEAKNESS CURED.
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN: Since commencing the use of your Belt I have noticed a gradual improvement 'andean 'to-day Bay
that I am completely cured and heartier and stronger than I have been for years; in fact, I feel like a new person and iudtrlnir' from
my experience with your Belt, believe It will do all you claim. I have advised several parties up here to try your Belt and they
have done so with success. Yours very truly, . < . ALFRED ■* HAMLJN
VMFUGOCELE AND WEAKNESS CURED. '
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN: I have been a sufferer for ten years with Varlcocele and Weakness. A^ter^'wear/ne 1 vou'r 'celt for
about ten weeks I am pleased to say that the weakness has 'entirely disappeared and that the Varicose Veins have been reduced to
their natural size. I will always recommend your Belt, and words cannot express my gratefulness to you for the benefit I have
received. Wishing you all the success that I possibly can, I remain, yours very truly. LOUIS FOSCALINA.
STfIP nßllfifilNfi ANFI TRY IT , If * jrO l. l weak and failing try it to-day. It costs less than half the' ordinary
OlUr UnUuUlliU nllU 111 l II i doctor bill and Is ten times more .effective, as it saturates the weak parts with its
vitalizing power, It checks all drains upon the system and brings the nerves up to a vigorous standard It positively
cures all weakness of men, nervousness and kindred ailments.
A FREE BOOK— "THREE RIAW^fIF MEN" Will be sent to u any man who desires to regain health and
M iriLL DUUIx ! nnLL ULH-JOLO Ul Ifltil manly vigor. It is worth Its weight in cold to any man
[t is full of truths regarding the cause and cure, and gives hundreds of grateful testimonials' Call and try this famous
cure. It will make your future happy. If you cannot call send for my book Dr. McLaUKhlln also nubllshes a hook
for women, entitled, "Maiden, Wife and Mother." Send for it. . Address. ■ also puDUsnes a book
HO IJI A II a I UlinUl l^l 702 Market, Cor. Rear ny, se»o for Mr book.
111 181 II [ill I Mili'SrSl 911 SAN FRANCISCO, and ' "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
l#lll If I 1 111 IllUkri VUIILiI 111 Cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeles. IT is MAILED FREE.
•Office Hours— B a, m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to L ; . NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
HE WAS DISCOURAGED
AND HANGED HIMSELF
CHRISTOPHER CAPPELMANN was
once a well-to-do business man, but
the tide turned, whether through his
own fault or folly or through that
Nemesis of bad luck which pursues some
men is not known, and he became poor
and dependent at the close of his 50 years
of life. Finally the burden became too
heavy for him to bear, and he ended his
life some time on Friday night or Sat
urday morning by strangling himself.
exercises= in honor of the day were held ,
iin the open air. Senator George C. Per- ;
! kins was the principal speaker, ana in .
i the course of his speech, which was en- :
tirely Informal, he referred to the sterling
Maine character and the Influence of its
representative mm on the history or the
nation.
••When rebellion and discord threatened
the dissolution "*- >>'>;r common country,
h^ said, "the regiments <>f Maine were in
the thickest of the fight and thousands,
of h< r gallani suns now sleep in the cem
eteries at Gettysbury and Shiloh."
He spoke of his own early life in Maine.
' where he was born, and of his study of
• such great nun as Senator Hannibal !
I Hamlin and William Pitt Fessenden, from |
whom be received the Brat inspirations \
whi'h molded His own after-character.
Coming down to the late war with Spain
and the question of the Philippines, Sena
tor Perkins said:
"The fortunes of war have brought us
into the position we now occupy regard-
Utg the Philippines, and while then- is a
diversity of opinion as to their retention,
it is certain thai we as a nation an> in
fluty bound to do all in our power for the i
enlightenment and building up of the peo
pl. of those islands. When they come
to tho point of being rompetent to gov
ern themselves, then they can be allowed
to do so. and the United States will fos- :
ter such a condition of affairs."
Other speakers were Rev. Charles C.
Adams, pastor of the First Congrega- j
tional Church in this city; Osgood Hilton,
Cappelmann was formerly a grocer,
with a good business, on Pacific street,
hut misfortune came and ho lost his busi
ness and was obliged to work for- wages. !
His son, Corporal J. C. Oappf-lmann of
Company I. First California Volunteers,
went to the Philippines with the regi
ment, and the father followed soon after
an a waiter on the Government transport
Indiana. He returned a short tim<
oh the transport Grant and went on a
Sprei . during which the little money
that he had left was frittered away. The
reaction took the form "of insomnia in
the early part of last week, and he com
plained very much of the loss of sleep.
I,a.^t Friday he was out of funds and bor
rowed 50 cents to pay his room rent at
the Contra Costa lodging-house. 14 Jack
son street. He failed to show up yester
day morning, and his room door was
forced open. He was found cold In death
hanging at the foot of his bed. a cotton
clothes-line looped around his neck.
The body was removed to the Morgue
and an inquest will be held. The dc- j
ceased was a native of Germany, 50 years
old. He left three daughters in this city.
U S. N., who was on the Boston at Ma
nila- Charles E. Wilson, who took for his
subiect "The War of the Rebellion." and
Attorney George W. Reed of Oakland.
The officers of the association, which at
present numbers IHOO members, are as fol-
Past president, Frederic W. Hall; presi
dent, William H. Wharff; first -vice presi
dent. Hon. George C. Perkins; second vice
president. Thomas Flint (re-elected); sec
retary Fred A. Poor; treasurer, L. D.
Brown; executive committee*— E. W.
Marston, Albert Shorey. Isaac Upham,
Ellwood Varney. S. P. Meads, George H.
Carleton, W. P. Wheeler and Adelbert
Wilson.
Caught With Stolen Goods.
ppter < - Arroll. a former employe of Con
tractor Kelso. was arrested last night by
Detectives Ryan and ODea and locked
up In the tanks pending n investlgtion.
A number of valuable tools have recently
bees missed from Kelso's yards at Six
teenth and Harrison streets, and the po
lice were finally notified. Last night the
detectives found Carroll pawning tools in
a sture on Fourth street. They followed
him to Harrison street and watched him
enter the contractor's store yards. He
was then placed under arrest and ad
mitted taking the tools, but said he was
justified in doing so, as Kelso owed him
money and there was no other way of
getting It.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEPRESSED?
TRY
(MARIANI WINE)
WORLD FAMOUS TONIC.
Mariani Wine is a tonic prepared
upon truly scientific principles. It is safe
and beneficial, as well as agreeable.
Mariani Wine has more than 8000
written endorsements from leading phywU
clans in all parts of the world.
Mariani Wine gives power to ti»>
brain, strength and elasticity to the m\:<-
ties and richness to the blood. It is a
promoter of good health and longevity.
Makes the old young; keeps the young
strong. .
Mariani Wine is specially indicate!
for General Debility, Overwork. Weak-
ness from whatever causes, Profound De-
pression and Exhaustion, Throat and
' Lung Diseases. Consumption and Mala-
ria. It is a diffusible tonic for the entire
system.
Mariani Wine is invaluable for
overworked men. delicate women and
sickly children. It stimulates, strength-
ens and sustains the system and braces
body and brain. It is invaluable as a
Summer Tonic. It can be taken with
cracked ice or soda water. Try it. Be-
ware of imitations.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
& CO., 52 Weal Fifteenth St., New York City,
will be sent, postpaid, book containing portraits
with endorsements of Emperors, Empress,
Princes, Cardinals. Archbishops and other in-
teresting matter. Mention this paper. For
sale by all druggists. Avoid substitutes.
At Auction!
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY \ JUNE 6, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON*.
At Oup Salesroom, 638 Market St.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
West line (1750-56) Folsom St.. 138 ft. north
of Fourteenth, 44*127 ft. : four elegant flats of
5, 5, 5 and 6 rooms and hath, all modern im-
provements; new plumbing; rents $65.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
North side McAllister St., 137:6 ft. west of
Fillmore st., 40x137:6 ft.: a fine site for sunny
flats or house with garden: desirable location;
surroundings good; cars convenient.
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
West side (15) Salmon St.. and east side (8)
Himmelman St., 57:4 ft. south of Broadway
St., . \6"j; two nice cottages of four rooms
each, fronting on different streets; rents $10 50
per month.
MODERN FLATS.
East Bide (139-141-141%) Chattanooga St., 90
ft. north of Twenty-third st., 4ux117:6 ft. to
rear street; four new modern flats of 7 and 5
rooms and bath, porcelain tubs, etc.; large
two-story stable on rear street.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
North side Seventeenth St.. 155 ft. east of
Market. 25x80; a fine building- site, half block
from Junction of Market and Castro sta.'
GUERRERO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
West side Guerrero st.. 45 ft. north of Four-
teenth, 45x76:4: fine building lot in good rent-
ing locality, one block from transfer point.
MISSION-ST. RESIDENCE.
West side (2114) Mission St., 23:4 ft. south of
Clarion St.. 23:4x50: two-story bay-window
house of 8 rooms and bath; In business neigh-
borhood.
BY ORDER OF ADMINISTRATOR.
South Bide Duncan st. 240 ft. east of Noe
St., 25x114: cheapest lot In this neighborhood-
all ready for building:; subject to confirmation
of court.
PRECITA-AVE. LOTS.
South side Precita aye,., 500 ft. west of Fol-
gom st., 50x123, or three good lots all ready
for building; street work done.
CUMBERLAND-ST. LOTS.
North side Cumberland St., 105 ft. west of
Sanchez St., 75x114; three lots well situated!
fine view; good Investment.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers, 638 Market st.
000000000000000000
%rp.f FALACE *»- B §
0 Of? a lun HOTELS o
jl • SAN FRANCISCO. J"
J* Connected by a Covered pasaa*«OTar. M
° i4ooß»om«— wi tl Both Attached. •
O AH Under One Ma.na£em»nt. Q
0 MOTE TEE PRI08B: O
0 European Plan. § 1.00 per day and upward O
-. American Plan.s3.oo per day .and upward 2
V Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOE!* 0. EIBKPATBIOK. Mtaigtr. O
000000000000000000
CLEVELAND^™]
LEAVITT & BILL,
! Open Every Evening. 809 Larkin St.
PChlcheatcrS EnrUih Diamond Brant : -v ■■-
ENNYROYAL PiLLS
-<£*"v Original and Only Genuine. A.
£> i\ PTS>M Drnsgiit tor'Ckichettert Sngltt* Dig- JfftX
Jd\L&£MC&,m<mJ Brand Is Ked md Hold m<ul!lc YVgp
•fcv —£\jy5 !>•«•■ •'»!«! «<«> *'•<" ribbon. Take VET
■JW SilSMn" other. Befuif dangtrm.3 sv.Utitu- v
I"/ — ftftimtandimiutiom. At Druggisti, oriraKU.
I (m. JJf In itinpi for ptrtlcnUri. teatimontlis «st
I «• B3 " Tie liof far Ladle*." in letter, tor return
_X If Mall. 10,000 T-ttlm«oii2i. Kmat Paper.
r Ohlrhe.t<-rCSei«lc«l Co..Mndln>B i^aar^
Ida »j all Loc»l Oratgiiu. PHILA.OA.. VAT
CAPE NOME, ALASKA.
! The SOPHIA SUTHERLAND, a fast, first-
class, seaworthy vessel, will sail for Capa
i Nome Alaska, on or about June 10, 1899. or
before. Fare. $75, including 1000 pounds of,
freight. Apply at once to
H. B. ORR. Secretary.
i 8 Thurlow Block, 126 Kearny street, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
DRMCNULTY.
rriHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L npt-oiulistctir?.* Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
poses o. Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free.' Over 20 experience.
Pfttlentscuredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
toSdiiiir;4:<OtoS::iO Snnri.iys. 10 to 12. Consnli
tation free and suwredlyconudentfal. Call.oraddresa
P. KOSCOE MeXILTY, SI. ».
■£(*'- Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
77011170 FOR BARBERS. BAK-
OXllJ^riiL^ '"• bootblacka, bath-
w ***■""• houses, billiard tables,
i brewers, bookbinders randy-makers, canners.
1 dyers, flourrnllla. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers." printers, painters, shoe factories.
I stablemen, tar-rnnfor* tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Man ufacturorj. 609 Sacrament* 9k
■ABB ■■ £± MAC'S infallible Plia
fill I ■■ Cure! Cure- all cases of
BJ) Ny Eg blind. bleeding. Itching.
■I I I wT rtt protruding piles. Case* of
I MM a B. ■ years' standing cured by
\Pj\Umm^m^W single 50c box.
A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
504 Washington Street, San Francisco.
1 Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MIAN A BITTERS. THS
great Mexican remedy; give* *-"'»* anil
I ureocth U sexual orsraas. Dcsot. 333 KcrktCCOMPETITION
BY BIDDERS
NOT POSSIBLE
A Protest Regarding
City Contracts.
OUTSIDERS HAVE NO CHANCE
E. K. WOOD LUMBER COMPANY
HAKES COMPLAINT.
— ■•
It Is Alleged That None but Those
on the Inside Have an Opportu
nity to Become Successful
Competitors.
■ ■ against tho method of adver
for bids for supplies (or the Fire
rtment for the coming fiscal year
tiled attention to a condition of at
• :■ ade a. subject for m
ition by the proper authorities. It
is intimated that tin- specifications upon i
!i ding bidden must
estimates are so drawn that none but
Intimately connected with th< de
partment i n bid nt< igently on the re
quired contracts. Tl. ■ omes from
thp X K. Wood Lumber Company, and
is as follows:
PAX FRANCISCO, June 1. 1599.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors—
Gentlemen: We very much desire to bid on
the lumber that you require for the Fire
Department if we could tlo go Intelligently,
but the specifications are made out so in
definitely that no one can bid on them in
telligently .-in i know what he has to fur
nish. The first article calls for clear,
vertical train one-inch thick, from two
Inches wide to twenty inches wide and from
twelve to forty feet long Now a one-inch
by thfe-inoh twelve i>et long would be
worth probably $15 per 1000 feet, and a one.
inch by twenty-inch forty feet long would
be worth at least $35 per 1000 feet. In fact.
it would not be practicable to pet it at all.
and the same thing would ajply to othtr
items in the specifications. It makes a great
difference whether the lumber is narrow or
excessively wide or whether the lumber is
shr.rt or very long. Then ■-■■-, call Tor
all clear, vertical grain lumber, when yon
use a lnree part of merchantable. Merchant
able lumber is worth from $7 to $!■■ per lO**)
feet less than dear, and you certainly would
not want to put clear and select stock into
ordinary work and pay from $: to $10 more
per IW>> feet for it,' yet 'your specifications
df-man<l it. Then in redwood the specifica
tions call for T. at G. from four feet to
twenty feet long. Now •me of the bidders
may know just what may be required, but
we i-nnnot tell from the specifications
whether we will have to fifrnish lumber
that is worth $15 per 1000 or whether we
will have to furr.leh lumber worth twice
that amount. Respectfully yours.
E. K. WOOD LUMBER COMPANY.
That there is merit in the contention
Is plain by a scrutiny of
r lumber made und.r the ex-
Th« B( bids were made
leal with those
of. At the time the- pres
is let there wore but two
D H. Bibb Lumber Company
The latter firm, which
sful bidder, has held many
some of which have been
t'i cause an Investigation by
. - 'Jrand Jui
In the first item mentioned in the abore
protest the bid of the Bibb Company was
SC" per thousand feet. The bid of Swift
& Co. was $]4 '4 per thousand feet. The
same variation is observable in the other
Hems mo-mloned and in many others,
From this it would appear, as' alleged,
that the specifications are so drawn as
to make it impossible for any person not
familiar with the byways of city con
tracts to become a successful competitor.
The matter will probably be made the
subject of an investigation by the Fire
Department Committee, of the Board of
Supervisors before the pending contracts
are let.
APPEAL OF A MOTHER.
Writes to the Mayor .Protesting
Against the Reopening of the
Coursing Park.
The proposition to repeal the .>■;,-■] i ing
ordinance which prevents th" selling of
pools on horse races and coursing matches
has called forth many protests, but none
mere affecting than the following:, which
was received by Mayor Phelan yesterday:
BAN FRANCISCO, June 1. 1859.
Hon. James D. Phelan — Your Excellency,
Sir: I take the liberty to peal to you
in regard to the repealing resolution of .
the coursing law. I am sure that you are
opposed to it, but no one that has never
vlfited the coursing park can realize what
tt is like. Coursing is far worse than the
horse races: men are admitted for 25 cents,
an enticement for young boys and men to
gamble. The ladies are admitted free,
which induces the poorer class o? people to
patronize them who oannot afford the horse
races. I live in sight of the coursing park
and witness all that occurs. The sight of
women taking their children into this pool
sflling place and into back entrances of
the saloons, and the language of these
Intoxicated mothers brings the blush to
my cheek, as I am a grandmother and
have brought up children in the right path.
J deem It my duty to pray to you to do ,
all in your power to prevent this -evil in '
this city. All the neighbors are In Fym
pathy with me. but are afraid of giving
voice for fear of making enemies of the
coursing people. Most respectfully.
A MOTHER.
Must Appear in Court.
When the cases of Ah Chew. Ah Won.
and Wong I.cc. charged with visiting a
me, were called in Judge Tread
well's court yesterday thn defendants
failed to appear and the Judge ordered
their hml of $!<X) each to bo forfeited. He
issued bench warrants for th**ir arrest
and fixed their bonds In $1000 each. The
Judge said that he wanted it understood
that defendants must be in court when
their casts were colled and he would ac
no excuse unless from illness accom
panied by a doctor's certificate.
POSTTJM CEREAL.
SOUTHERNERS AND
COFFEE.
Cooking School Teacher From
the South.
My father was a Southerner, and
therefore we always had coffee three
times a day, and as a result are a very
nervous family.
I could not break off from the coffee
habit until I found a delightful bever-
age in the Postum Four] Coffee.
I have, learned to lik<; it better than
coffee.
We did not like it at first, because it
was nut made according to directions;
but since we have come to know that
it must be boiled we are enthusiastic
in its praise.
I give lessons in cooking and am nat-
urally brought in contact with a great
many people whose habits of food and
drink I learn. I find that many fami-
lies have come to know of the advan-
tages of Postum Food Coffee and have
abandoned common coffee altogether. I
could send you a long list of these if
you care for it.
I cannot epeak too highly in praise
if Postum. I have often wished I could
afford to buy a few dollars' worth and
pive it to those who are suffering from j
the drug contained in ordinary coffee
and who would be glad to know that j
they could have a delicious cup of
health coffee. Mrs. Myra J. Tuller, 302
West Fifth street, Kansas City.
TWO YOUNG GIRLS TIRE
OF THE PACE THAT KILLS
Mary Hottua and Blanche Dickey Drink to
Death in Chloroform — Only One Sur
vives to Relate the Tragic Story.
a
PRI\CIP.ALS IN THE TRAGEDY AT THE ROY4L EAGLE.
TWO vounsr piris. jaded from the
pace that kills, attempted sui
cide tog-ether yesterday in the
d( sire for rest. One found it.
th<> other lives to tell the Btory
of th<» tragedy.
Mary Ellt n Hottua, known among
her pay companions as May Ward,
was the poor unfortunate whOße life
la ended. Blanche Dickey is the sur
vivor. Neither pirl had counted more
than 20 years of ape, but both had
lonp been familiar with the nifcht side
of life. Weariness of It all had pre
them for the deed, whi<-h was
undoubtedly Inspired by Mary Hottua.
through dread of the next step in both
careers propow '1 by her companion.
The double suieiri.> was deliberately
planned. Hours before they took the
poison with which they hoped to <>nd
their lives the uiris had made up their
minds to die together. They rehearsed
the. details of death Friday morning
and before 3 o'clock that afternoon
they had procured enough chloroform
to kill half a dozen people. They were
seen by any number of their aCQUaLnt
while they were going from
store to stor* in quest of the. drup.
They appealed to he in pooii spirits and
stopped more than once to tell friends
that they were K'.irit; away. They bade
several a cheery good-by, but refused
to divulge their destination. At four
different places they purchased as
many one-ounce bottles of chloroform,
under the pretext that they wished to
use it In cleaning gloves.
Krom resort to resort around the
town the two girls then proceeded.
takinp good-by drinks with more
friends, more than once laughing at
the baffled curiosity of those who in
quired concerning their stopping place.
They took dinner together about 6
o'clock in the evening and then took
another long walk in the district
where they hnd known so many gay
times. They drank considerably and,
when they called at the Royal Eagle
lodging-house, over the Pah-u Cafe,
P iwell and ElliS Streets, they wer»
distinctly under the influence of liquor.
It was 1 o'clock yesterday morning
when the girls were shown to room 61.
They had no poonor pot inside and
taken off their wraps than Mary Hot
tua sat flown to write farewell letters.
This occupied her almost an hour, dur
ing which time she and Blanche Dick
ey, according to the survivor, talked
Over the things that had happened and
the step they were about to take.
Having sealed her letters in black bor
dered envelopes and stamped them,
Mary Hottua took the elevator to the
street and mailed them at Powell and
Ellis streets. Upon her return she pro
ceeded to make ready the Last drink.
The chloroform in the bottles she
poured in equal portions into two
whisky glasses.
"Here's looking at you, Blanche,"
she said to her companion, raising the
plass to her lips.
Blanche Dickey took the other glass
and made a similar move.
"Now 1 ." said Mary Hottua, and suit-
Ing the action to the word, she tossed
off the poisim. Her companion tried
to do likewise and got some of the
liquid down her throat, when her
stomach rebelled and she was not only
unable to swallow more but what she
had taken came up. The chloroform
had puch a powerful effect on her,
however, that she reeled and fell on
the bed, barely conscious enough to
hf-ar'her companion scream and to see
her run for the door, which she threw
open.
The shrieks of Mary Hottua aroused
Several roomer? in -the house, who
found her leaning against the wall In
the hallway. With the help of the
colored porter they carried her back
Into room 61. where Blanche Dickey,
apparently dead, was still .stretched on
the bed.- the glass, yet half full of
chloroform, which she had returned to
the table, indicating the poison that
had been used.
•'My God, she's dead!" exclaimed
Court Seal Rock's Officers.
Court Seal Rook No. 45, F.« O. A., ha*
elected the following named officers for
the ensuing term: S. B. de Silvia, C. R.;
Charles M. Troppmann, S. C. R. ; H. J.
Willla, R. S.; Ell wood K. Hill, S, W* H.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
Miss Hottua. Then, before any one
knew what she was about, she reached
for the remaining glass of chloroform
and drained It at a gulp, dropping to
the floor before any person could roach
her.
Dr. C. A. Mueller was summoned
from his office and several of the
crowd that had gathered in the room
ran for the police. Officers Mulcahy
and Bylvester and Dr. Mueller arrived
almost simultaneously, Harry Thorn,
who had been telephoned for. coming
in just a« Blanche Dickey began to
show signs of returning life. The phy
sician gave it as his opinion that her
life was in no Immediate danger, but
ordered that Mary Hottua be taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where it was
possible she might be saved.
The ambulance with the dying girl
reached the hospital at 2:80 o'clock,
and Dr. Tormey went to work to save
h< r lite. His efforts proved unavailing,
and she expired within an hour, never
having regained consciousness. Her
body waa taken to the Morgue. The
efforts to revive Blanche Dickey were
rewarded In a short time, and before
E o'clock she was none the worse for
h'-r experience than the possessor of
a bad headache. She left the room she
had entered to die a few hours before
and twice during the day she called at
the Morgue to weep over the body of
her dead friend.
Mary Hottua, while a frequent visitor
to the reports and a participator in the
revels that mark the tenderloin, was
i ...i an abandoned woman. Sly was
the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Nicko
laiis Hottua, with whom Bfce resided at
1:711: Hush street until last Tuesday.
That morning she. left home, and com
ing downtown she met several com
panions, with whom she proceeded on
a picnic to a suburban resort. On her
return to the city in the evening she
met Blanche Dickey, who had fre
quently been her companion around
town. She desired to get home at mid
night but forgot herself and remained
bo late that she resolved she would
make a night of It, which she did. A
year ago she had run away from home
and remained away some months.
When she returned, her father, who
is a wagon-maker at 715 Folsom street,
informed her that she could remain
if she would make it a rule never to
be out later than midnight any night.
The infraction of this rule Tuesday
night led to her doom.
Upon awakening in the morning
Mary Hottua confided to her frfend
that she could never go home again,
and the two began casting about for
some way out of their difficulty. Noth
ing presented, itself until later in th«
day, when Blanche Dickey suggested
that they could go to Sacramento and
enter fully into the life upon the edge
of which they had been for so many
months. The, other demurred at this
and suggested that she had an offer
from a young commercial traveler to
go to Denver. She said she would see
him and if he would consent to take
herself and Blanche they both would
go. Blanche Dickey consented, and
the other girl went out to flnd the
man. She returned several hours later
with the information that she had
found him and that he had consented
to take both of them.
Thursday Mary Hottua, who had
been staying with Blanche Dickey, re
ceived a note from her male friend
that he would be unable to take the
contemplated trip for several months.
Tho girl became. de3pondent and spoke
to her chum of suicide. The latter
laughed at the idea and re
newed her suggestion that they
had better go to Sacramento.
Mlbs Hottua reluctantly consented that
evening, but when she awoke in the
morning she had changed her mind
and so told Miss Dickey. The ta,lk of
suicide was resumed and it was de
cided by both that, rather than take
the downward step contemplated,
G. Randall, J. W.j H. Van Dleken, S. B.;
J. B. Rvan, J. B. This court has arranged
for a family reunion at Schuetzen Park
on the 18th inst.
Advaneas made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. NoonftD, XOl7-1023 Mißsipn.
death was preferable. They acted on
this decision, and r.ow Mary Hottua
Is cold In the mnrgue, alone, where
she had desired to lie by the side of
her erring slßter.
The father <>t Mary Hottua was notl
fli <\ during the morning of the suicide
of his daughter and called at the
morgue. He did not seem to be sur
prised at the fate (hat had overtaken
her. and left a few minutes after he
had called to consult with the mother
of the dead eirl as to what disposition
would be made ol the remains. Late
yesterday afternoon the father or
flered the unfortunate girl's body re
moved to the California Undertaking
Parlors.
Blanche Diekoy, who claims to have
come here from Portland. Or. . win-re
Bhe claims her parents reside, was
glad lasi night she was alive, although
sorrowing deeply for her <1< :nl chum.
"May and I were both tired of life,"
she said. "I knew her from the time
when we were little girls together, and
when I met. her on Market street the
other day we grew confidential. I had
been blue and sick of the life I was
leading for some time, and I told her
all my troubles. She was not in the
best of spirits. Things were not going
right at home. She had no love affairs
to bother her. She simply wanted to
get away from the city and her home.
"Well, we stayed downtown together
that night, and May, of course, could
not go home the next clay, as her
father had told her if she ever stayed
away from home over night s.he need
not come back. Thursday we decided
to leave the city, and a young man,
whose name I will not give, promised
to take us to Denver. Of course we
were both delighted, and we went
about town bidding all our friends
good -by.
"After we had made all preparations
to go to Denver and had hidden all
our friends good-by the young man
who promised to take us sent a note
stating that he could not go. This
broke us all up. and May suggested
that we commit suicide. I foolishly
consented to do so, and we visited
four different drugstores and pur
chased an ounce. of chloroform in each
place. We could not buy four ounces
at one place, but an one, ounce was
hardly enough to kill anybody
the drug clerks sold it to us.
"AH day Friday we had suicide in
mind, and both myself and May
talked about the other world and spec
ulated on what was In store for us
th»»re. We had several dollars, bo wo
went to the Royal Ea^le and hired a
room. May sat down and wrote for an
hour. She wrote letters to at least
forty friends, bidding them good-by,
and sealed each one in a black-bor
dered envelope. Thpn she went out
and posted the letters at the corner.
"When she came back we bade each
other good-by and drank the poison.
May <lrank two ounces at one gulp. I
rained the glass to my lips and drank
some of it. The rest refused to go
down. I really tried hard to gulp the
horrid stuff, but my stomach rebelled.
In the meantime May had opened the
door and ran screaming Into the hall.
Several of the roomers in the house
heard her cries and they c.ime rush
inp in. Then I became pnrtly uncon
scious. While they were working over
me May reached over and drank the
remainder of the chloroform in the
bottle which I only partially emptied.
"I am glad I did not end my life.
When I went down to the Morgue and
was ushered into that ill-smelling
hole where poor little May lay on a
cold, stone slab it all came back to
me. Tht-re the element of the serfous
n. ss of it all dawned upon me, and as
I looked on her features cold in death
I thought of the world that I would
give were the stern realities of the
night previous but idle creations of
fancy."
Eorthqufike.
Mersanne, the well-known art repairer, has
Just now resumed his business after an ab
sence of seven months In Europe. The atelier
Is 924 L*xkin (<t., bet. Geary and Post. Ajiy
ornament injured by the earthquake will be
skilfully repaired. Telephone East 198. •
GAMES FOR EVERYBODY.
Scottish Thistle Club Making Exten-
sive Preparations for Its An
nual Picnic-
■OnJulyTth^SanrranriscoScnttish
Thistle Club will hold its seventeenth an
nual gathering and games at Shell
Mound Park. As in previous years the
committee having the affair in charge is
laboring harrl to make it a success.
The programme of sports will be great
er and more diversified than ever, em
bracing as it will every gajiie from quoits
to an amateur cake walk. The special
events will comprise an amateur mile
race, a football dribbling race, and races
for Old and young of both sexes. High
land dancing, jig and reel contests and
other interesting contests will be pre- |
sented.
in the evening there will be a grand
open-air concert and ball, and also a dis
play of fireworks. The music for the oc
casion will be furnished by Bennet's
band. Professor McCarthy, the Irish
piper, and a full corps of Highland bag
pipes will be in attendance. Excellent
prizes will be offered to the athletes and
dancers for their skill.
GEORGE CROCKER HERE.
He Will Spend the Summer on the
Coast and Will Entertain.
George Crocker, vice-president of the
Southern Pacific Company, arrived from
the East yesterday, accompanied by Mrs.
Crocker.
Ft Is undestrxid that Mr. and Mrs.
Crocker will spend tne summer on the
PacifiV Coast, and will open their
villa at Castle Crags, where they will en
tertain extensively.
He Alleges Fraud.
James I*. Burke filed suit yesterday
against his partner. Frank Merrill, and
his wife. Elizabeth, for an accounting.
Plaintiff alleges that Merrill while asso
ciated with him in the butcher business
at 2979 Howard street has misappropri
ated profits amounting' to $10,000, which he
has Invested and deposited in bank in his
v.if>-'s name. In addition to the account
' ing- Burke asks that a receiver he ap
j pointed to t;:ki- charge of the business
pending the outcome of tfhe litigation.
Estates of the Dead.
An authenticated copy of the will of
the late Arnold Victor Anthony Versepuy,
who died at Monte Carlo, France, May
15, 1898, was filed in this city yesterday
for probate. Decedeni lcfl real property,
situated in this city, valued at $12,000. to
his widow. Helene Versepuy. Deceased
was a citizen of France at the time of his
death.
.Vi>> Lottie Nash made application for
letters of administration upon the $1500
••state of Margaret Cole, who di- d May
31.
Declare for Phelan.
The Thirty-seventh Assembly District
Democratic Municipal League will hold
its next meeting on Tuesday evening,
June (5. at Phclps Hall, Devi.sadero street,
corner of Oak. On that evening Charles
Edelman will address the members "ii
the issues of the next campaign. The club
invites all Democrats to Join its ranks.
It will place in nomination delegates to
the Democratic municipal convention cit
izens who favor the renotnlnatlon and
election of Jam<~-s D. Phelan for Mayor.
an"d who will favor the acquirement of
public utilities.
Amateurs Galore.
There will be sketches, dancing, sins
ing and cakewalking all by amateurs
at Glen Park to-day. The occasion will
hp Amateur day at the popular resort,
and during the afternoon there will be
a balloon ascension by Daniel Moloney,
the daring young aerminut who ascend
ed Inst Sunday in a burning balloon.
( >n the recreation grounds there will be
casli prize competition open to all chil
dren. In the Free Theater, the eques
trian numbers of the regular circus now
at Glen Park will be repeated, and Miss
Flise St. Leon, the clever child trick
bareback rider, will go through some
wonderful new feats of horsemanship.
Mary Cunningham's Death.
Mary (""unningham. an ejdrrly woman.
■was found at an early hour yesterday
morninsr on the steps of a house at St.
Charles place irrtoxieate<l. She was taken
to the California-street police station.
where it was found that she was Buffering
from a hroken collarbone. She was sent
to the Harbor Hospital, where she died
a few hours later, presumably from al
coholism. An innuest will he held.
The Great Chiefs to Visit.
Next Tuesday Great Chief Collins and
NATIVE SONS WANT
MONEY FOR MEDALS
28 ' •■:■'■*
i p-r-\ HE following constitute the finance committee of the Native Sons' Medal
It I for Volunteers' Organization: Mayor James D. Phelan, chairman;
4 I Frank B. Ryan, secretary, 414 Mason street; J. R. Unwell, treasurer, 10
2* "*• Montgomery street; Henry S. Martin, Henry J. Crocker, Hon. Julius Kahn,
V Major J. It. Rathbone, Lieut. Col. Walter S. Martin, Willard B. Harrington.
•* Frank Ij. Coombs, Lewis F. Byington, C. B. Hobson, Philip Bolger, Judge
i "Frank H. Kerrigan. James A. Devoto, Edward Taa.ffe, William S. Gage,
V Joseph F. Nolan*, Walter J. Wiley, Thomas J. Harris, James P. Dockery.
c* At a meeting h?id yesterday the following appeal was issued and will be
\ sent to every prominent citizen:
•* ' . "HONOR THE BRAVE."— APPEAL, TO THE PEOPLE.
£. ' SAN FRANCISCO, June 3, 1899.
9 Dear Sir: It is proposed to give to every man who volunteered in California for
88 the war a medal and a certificate of. service, the total cost of which, it is estimated,
♦ will be from $12,000 to $15,000. We appeal to you for your support. Committees have
58 been appointed to call upon the citizens of Pan Francisco and we bespeak for them a
♦ favorable reception. We make no apology for asking your co-operation. Our citizens
2? should be honored by the opportunity afforded them to decorate the brave you men
♦ who at the call of country, went to the front, ready to sacrifice" their lives. For
88 all their privations and hardships we will confer upon them a medal, of no Intrinsic
♦ value, but which, coming (;om the" people, will be a distinction which they will
iS appreciate, and to which, tney are so well entitled. It will speak for the gratitude
4 of California, and inspire others to follow their example, thus worthily recognized,
£• when our country is In peril.
a" They were enthusiastically sent on their Journey; now. with equal enthusiasm, let
<£ us welcome the survivors home. You need not wait the call of the committee if you
A are prompted to send a contribution. Respectfully,
c» FRANK B. RYAN, Secretary. JAMES D. PHELAN, Chairman.
w c * c * ■,:,.,:...•.■■■■ . ■ • - ■■•■ ■
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO.
Ln nPAFN Manufacturer of Benin*
T. UfcUfcN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
elon St.. cor. Spear. Telephona Mala 563.
~" BOiLER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. .
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and WoAb-113-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone ' Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY, .
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
. W.OO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 186*.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH, M*r.
C. W. S*mith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALB).
REDINGTON & CO. USV&iftt&i
FRESH AND SALT MBATS.
IIC cn VCC Xr ■m • snipping Butchers, 10*
J AS- DU I £J & tU., Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
Fpr r MEDIGiNES and
Im E!■ APPLIANCE
fTo any honest man who may
try them a reasonable time.
If he is pleased with the result, he is to keep
. and pay for them. If he is dissatisfied, he has
simply to return the appliance and remainder
of medicine to us, and that ends the transac-
tion without any expense whatsoever. There
is no C. O. D. fraud, no deception of any -nature*
Our treatment is so sure to give bodily
strength, to remove impediments to marriage,
to stop unhealthy losses, to bring natural
development and tone to every portion of
the body, and to restore to weak men the
feelings and buoyancy of youth, that we glad-
ly make this offer in good faith.
If you are interested and in earnest, write
your name and address in the blank form
below, cut out the coupon, and mail it to
i|Av\ /J((\ Erie Medical Co., Buffalo. N. Y.
It I \tA^Y\ ERIE MEDICAL CO.,
f( ill )ft 66 NIAGARA ST BUFFALO. N. Y.
V^, Jj/W // j Sirs — As per statement in San Francisco Call you may
jflgMg \JI/ nf ( mail to me, under plain letter seal, postage paid, full ex'
J Lj-gfc \\\ p'.anation of your new system of furnishing your Appli'
fSl|wi: MS, A' j) ance and Remedies to reliable men on trial and approval
W- HI MUm // without expense —no payment to be made in advance— no
I " i^"''l t "' '"'' yJ\ cost of any kind unless treatment proves successful and
r"' P%' |j^|.« : . ; ; :.;'»(/ entirely satisfactory. Also mail sealed, free, your new
\ iJ^"J^' ;i ' : ir ' medical book for men,
\fllS|pS|ij.;,i' — -■'■' >>S ' FILL iN NAME AND ADDRESS IN FULL)
\ ll^l/ * * ' * •...., ............
A- 1 11' 1 r LCfIV'C
gpjjs© jlr**" ° id Se " (38)
IZMt^ Behind. ' " * *" I
other great chiefs of the Improved Order
of Red Men will pay an official visil to
Mnntezuma Tribe in its wigwam in th<
Red Men's building, on which occasion,
after the business of the visit shall hav<
been concluded, there will I" 1 an enter- j
tainment.
The bookbinder and every trade
Whose Roods of leather are made.
We kindly invite you all to come.
Pee ■'Pegamoid." Chronicle building. No. 61.
Two Dwellings Burned.
An overheated stove yesterday after- |
noon set fire to the residence of T. J. j
Mitchell at 129 Thirty-fourth avenue, am.
burned the building— a two-story frame
together with all its contents. The ad
jolnlng two-story frame dwelling, oc
cupled by J. K. Madey and family. No.
431 caught fire also and was destroyed
with Its contents. Both buildings were
the property of J. K. Madey. The loss
will aggregate about $;>OOO.
In a Critical Condition
Jospph Bowers, a carpenter at ucean
View was arrested yesterday on a war
rant 'charging him with battery. He is
1 of assaulting George t^erres. a
tbor, knocking him down and kicking
him to such an extent that his leg was
broken. It is said that gangrene has set
in and Serrrs is in a critical condition.
TINDER A SURGEON'S KNITE.
United States Senator Mcßride Sub-
mits to an Operation.
NEW YORK. Juno 3.— United States
Senator George W. Mcßride of Oiv-a;nn is
at the New York Post Graduate Hospi
tal, having entered it early this week.
He was suffering from a complicated
rupture, and came to New York from
Washington in the hope of obtaining rr
llef by meanß of an operation, which was
performed by Professor W. B. Degarmo.
It is thought the operation was entirely
successful. To-day Senator Mcßride was
resting easily and apparently had rallied
from the shock. ){>■ was cheerful and
sent messages to friends.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal-
ers In hardware. 603 Market; tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley. Proov
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery D».
scription Mads to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
NO BETTER ON EARTH In «> erta » MetaTuT
HU ULIILH \)C\ CAHIII cnmanehe Ochr»
Comanche Ochre Co.. 203 Front; tel. Jessie 19961
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll 1 AMFTTF PIILP AND paper co..
mLLHHLHL 722 Montgomery Str M >.
PRINTIN3.
EC HUGHESmi PRINTER.
• W- HtlUHLQitn Sanaome; street.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., M j%rsF l £ft«.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic r> ADTT O I I"\ C* IP 30G Call-
Codes. f/\l\. 1 KlUllL fornia st.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office.- 210 California st. . Tel. Main 1314.
WATCHES. ETC..
TI IIVnV ■ Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUNIHi 18-k. Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WHITe ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the'- :A ,-':
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at It*
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
< Is i the Beet Coal In the Market.
- Office and Yards— 46o Main Stress.
New Inventions U. S. Patent,
With which Marve'ous t>^-^
Cures can be obtained ""^Yet
for Nasal • Catarrh, Ear, <4H*^*>
Throat, Bronchitis, Asthma IfCTTTI
4fsv anc l Lung dis- I, 11*;.]
eases. in 2000 tjjji^
test cases over ; "tr* "^
N\^-^ 95 per cent |— j J
' nS' successful. * ■■'■'!■
JT FREE Trial J^ 'j{
y/^k of one week I*3 = — 3|
jfl^' /glL:' given each l^j,!!^!
**=ilf^Si Special Antiseptic
Pv Jjl^gsj&f^. Chemicals furnished with
- each instrument. Doc-
tors and every one invited to try it.
Best of references given. Call or write
DR. R. C. COTTINGHAM (patentee),
632 Market St. (opposite Palace Hotei).
Pratice limited to Ear, Nose, Throat, Lung» and
Chronic Diseases.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ated with a germicide. The patient lives in
i an atmosphere that positively kills the germ
of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the weak-
ening night sweats and cough. Temperature
falls to normal, and four weeks' treatment In-
variably Increases weight from six . to twenty
pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist,
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "1
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success 'for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
• Im- Not Im-
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 34 29 S :v • ' 84
2d Stage.. 36 12 22 I M
3d Stage.. 80 3 IS 15 30
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the ' San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the.
Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. The
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms— over 100 in
number— cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
Th« Sanatorium is delightfully located, nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
an application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL. SANA*
TORIUM CO., San Gabriel, Cal.
, ■
Eye-Glass Wisdom.
Trade Is Impartial; loves nobody, hates no-
body— goes where it gets best service. That's
the reason we fill so many oculists' prescrip-
tions and have such a large popular trade for
our perfect spectacles and eyeglasses. Besides,
our new clip doesn't Blip, tilt or pinch (for
50 cents. No extra charge on a new ' pair.
Oculists' prescriptions filled— Factory on prem-
ises—Phone Main 10. Quick repairing.
OPT.C.ANsX>S P n P Z T^
642 Market St. instruments
unntß CKO.tic-.t SuuD'ni.
|g?i|§Dß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
j&ts^TsS Five hundred reward for any
ftp™ ""t? i case we cannot cure. This secret
W —^B remedy stocs all losses In •24
KWJj Bffi hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
vfT!\ Kill tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
}A*A ImJ Gleet. Fits, Strictures. Lost
bPB 555 Manhood and all wasting effects
£•-...— ■___■ of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles, {5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RBJ-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A)
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
15 to J8 week: $8 to $30 month. Free baths;. hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room: elevator runs all night.
I", /^patents! a)
patents! i)
330 MARKET ST. SsSSi/
1
910
OAKLAND TAKES
A SLOW GAME
FROM SAN JOSE
Almost a Riot On the
the Diamond.
DO W OVAN CAUSES TROUBLE
TRIES TO BLOCK HANLON AND IS
CALLED TO ACCOUNT.
Prune-j. lckers Have a Hard Time of
It All Around and Narrowly
Escape a Shut-
Out.
Nine Oaklanders and the umpire, to
r w itli tluir own bungles, sent the
wn to defeat a( Been a
li'in Park yesterday afternoon by o score
to l.
Aside from some rough work on the
if Donovan, that came near break-
Ing up the game in a free-for-all light,
w< r< few thrilling episodes during
the afternoon. The prune-pickers were
badly handicapped even before the game
commenced. During the Memorial day
ween the same teams. Ham
mond of Oakland ran into Hanlon, cut
ting the big first baseman's leg so badly
that he could hardly hobble around. An
other draft was made on Santa Clara Col
ud Kelly was secured for the pres
eries. He was to play right, with
Graham at first Kelly had never played
■ grounds before and consequently
was unable to make allowance for the
wind sheering the ball off to one side, so
misjudging two easy Hies he was
m finished the game.
Kelly distinguished himself, however,
EPISODES OF THE GAME.
by scoring the only run for his side. In
the second Inning, with two men out, he
caught the ball fairly on his bat and
lifted it over the right field fence for a
home run. It was no reflection on the
young man to be called in where he was;
it -was merely owing to his unfamiliarity
•with the ground and the high winds.
Leake, the colt shortstop for the Gar
deners, was afflicted with stage fright in
the early part of the game, making two
costly errors in the third inning. After
that he steadied down and played a bril
liant fielding game, though he- was un
able to hit safely. He covers almost as
much territory as Schmeer, is a strong,
accurate thrower, a good runner and
handles himself in a most" creditable man
ner, Once he pulled down a fly away back
of third that ought to have gone to Dal
rymple by rights.
Graham is another good man, and when
the members of the team become a little
more familiar with each other they will
make the leaders hustle.
O'Connell was awful in his decisions,
He seemed unable to Bee any ball that
either Andrews or Borehers put over the
plate unless the batter actually swung
his blirtigeon, while some of his
decisions at the bases were fright
ful. Once Hammond came from
second almost across the pitcher's
box to the plate, ■ leaving third
bast far to the Bide, but the run was al
lowed. O'Connell said he had forgotten
about the runner on second and was
■watching the ball. Another time Donovan
was on secondhand started to steal third.
Kent threw to ODea, who held the ball
and had Donovan easily. The Oaklander,
however, ran full speed into ODea,
knocking him down and sending the nail
out into the Id. Donovan kept on home
and O'Conneli allowed the run, which ne
cessitated charging ODea with an error
in the score.
Again, in the eigth inning McGucken
singled. Leake smashed the ball to Mcs
kiman, who threw to Schmeer to head
Unhappy off. Schmeer got the ball,
but he was not near second base, and
■without touching the bag at all threw to
first and Oakland was credited with a
double play.
It was in Oaklands 1 half of that inning
that a riot almost broke loose. Donovan
was on first when Borchers snapped tne
ball over and caught him off the bag.
Donovan started for ' second / and was
chased up and down the line by Ander
son and Hanlon. Donovan worked back
toward first, and just as Anderson threw
the ball the Oaklander made a dash at
Hanlon, throwing his forearm across hrs
face with such force that Hanlon was
half blinded for the instant, although he
managed to hold the ball and put Dono
van out. Borchers, white with, rage,
walked over to Donovan and would have
put him out of business had Donovan not
discreetly dropped back. .Lange seized
a bat and led the other eight Oaklandcrs
to the rescue, while the prune-pickers
rallied to Borchers' support in double
quick. For a time it looked like a general
mix-up, but O'Connell finally managed to
restore order. Lange was hooted by the
crowd for arming himself with a bat and
became involved in a dispute with an oc
cupant of the grandstand^ during which
some language never learned in Sunday
school was indulged in.
Oakland played an errorless game,
Bchmeer's work at short being the great
est exhibition even that star has given
yet. Moskiman kept the seven hits made
off his delivery well scattered, and had
Kelley'B shot been anything less than a
homer San Jose would have been shut
out. Score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGuckeen, c. t..... 4 0 10 10 0
I>'ake. ss 4 0 0 0 3 2 2
Graham, 1 b. & r. 1. 4 0 0 0 6 1 0
'Anderson, 2 b 3' 0 11 4 l l
Dalrymple. 1. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Kelly, r. f 110 10 2
< >*] '-a. 3 b 3 0 10 13 1
Andrews, p. 10 0 0 0 3 0
Kent, c 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Hanlon, 1 b 10 0 0 621
Borchers, p 2 0 2 0 0 3 0
Totals 31 1 7 1 24 17 7
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. t 4 2 0 1 2 0 0
Bchmeer. ss 4 0 2 0 2 3 0
I-anRP, 3 b 5 0 3 0 0 2 0
Hammond, c ........ 5 2 10 4 1 0
Peeplea, 2 b 4 0 1 0 3 3 0
Dunleavy, 1 b 5-0 It 0, 13 -0 0
Hardie, r. t. ......... 4-1 2' 1- 1-00
Moskiman, p 3 0 0 0,0.6 0
Shea, 1. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
•Totals 36 5 11 2 27 15 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 010000 0 0—
Rase hits 0 0110111—7
Oakland.. 0 12 2 0 0 0 0 •— 5
Base hits 1113 0 0 2 3 •— ll
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible Moskiman 1. Andrews
2. Home - run— Kelly. Two-base hits—Ham
—mid. Borchers, Anderson. Sacrifice bit—
Schmeer. First base on errors— Oakland 4.
First base on called balls— San Jose 2, Oakland
3. Left on bas-ep— San Jose 5, Oakland 11.
Struck out— By Mosklman 2, by Andrews 1, by
liorchers 2. Double play? — Moskiman to
Hehir>e<T to Dunleavy: Peeples unassisted.
Passed ball— Kent. Time of game— l:so. Um
pire—O"Connell. Official scorer— Stapleton.
Senators Break the Hoodoo
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— The Sacra
mento baseball artists to-day broke the
koodoo which has been hovering over thei*
by defeating the San, Francisco*. The
locals won the game by a lucky bunching
of hits, assisted by the errors of the
visitors. The fVature of the game w;is
a home run by Swindells, which brought
in O'Neil. Hutcbinson, the old leaguer,
held down the initial for the locals.
Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AM. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
HutchlnEon. lb 5 0 0 0 9 0 0
Harvey, r. f 4 3 2 13 0 0
Doyle, p 6 2 10 0 10
Kagan. s. 8 6 0 2 1 0 2 0
Stanley, c 4 0 1 1 5 0 0
! McLaushlln, 1. f 3 0 0 0 8 1 0
! Stulz, 2b 2 10 0 3 4 1
.^hanahan c. t 3 0 10 2 10
Sheehan, 3b 2 10 0 2 0 0
Totals 34 T 7 3 27 9 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne c. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Krug f. s 4 0 3 0 3 6 0
Reilly, Sh 3 0 0 0 2 11
Sullivan, lb 4 0 0 0 12 3 1
Hilderbrundt, r. f.. 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Muller, 1. i" ( 0 0 0 .-1 0 1
. ('Nell. 2b 3 10 0 0 2 1
Swindells, c 3 110 3 10
Fitzpatrtck, p 4 0 1 0 2 3 0
Totals 32 2 6 0 27 16 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 I—7
Base hits 2 3 0 0 10 0 0 I—7
Ban Francisco 00000200 o— 2
Base hits 10 12 110 0 o—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle ". FiWpatrirk 4.
11. me run— Swindells. Two-base hits— Doyle,
Krug, Shanahan, Harvey. First base on cr
n rarnento '.'■. San Francisco l. First
n balls— Doyle ■*. Fltxpatrlck 6. Left on
bases Sacramento 7. Ban Francisco 7. struck
Doyle '-', by Fitzpatrtctc .". Double
Sullivan to Krup; Sbanahan to Sheehan;
to Sullivan to Krug to Reilly. Time of
game— l:4s. Umpire— l". Cahill. Scorer— G. A.
Griffin.
Lobsters Go to Pieces.
SANTA CRUZ, June 3.— Santa Cruz was
defeated by Watsonviile this afternoon in
a poorly played game by a score of IS to
1. The game proved a farce, for Santa
("ruz put up the worst game in Its history.
Never has the team played such ragg< d
ball. The easiest flies were missed and
the poorest possible plays made Balsz
retired in the fifth inning Devereaux
taking his place, Kleiner going behind
the bat and Donlin to third base. Harper
pitched a good game, being well sup
1. The Lobsters were unable to hit
him effectually. The same teams play to
morrow. Burge made the only run for
Santa Cruz in to-day's game in the eighth
inning. The Bcore:
SANTA CUV7.
.,.,, _ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, 2b 4 0 0 0 3SI
Donlin. 3b. &c. f. .. 3 n 0 0 1 l 3
Devereaux. 3b. &p. 3 0 0 0 1 2 0
Pace, c. &y. s 4 0 0 0 5 3 0
<-.:aX. U, S 0 1 0 10 0 4
Btrleb, 1. f 4 0 o 0 2 0 0
Klelber, c. &s. 5. .. 4 o o 0 8 l 4
Burge, r. f 3 110 0 0 2
Balax; p l o 0 0 0 5 1
JJDV^BTISEMEi*TS.
The Old Reliable Specialists, DR. MEYERS & CO., Are
Gaining in Popularity Year After Year. They Are the True
Friends of Men Who Are Afflicted in Any Manner. Their-
Methods Are Superior to All Others. Their Remedies
Are Always Effective— Never Harmful. Among the.
Ailments DR. MEYERS & CO. Cure Are the Following-:
Kidney Disease, -= - 5 v Lost Vigor,
Bladder Disease, iii|MiW=%l Premature Decay,
Spine Disease, JSf; F Unnatural Losses,
Liver Disease. /piff n *" ag ** x J&3L Wasting Drains,
Heart Disease, \%w <£-^'' Y^-p Nervous Debility,
8100-i Disease, iBSI,, '/ss&s& Stricture, Rupture,
Skin Disease, J^W^P^m'- Tumors, Varicocele
Stomach Disease, <^>J^lls§ji^ Private Diseases, ',
Eye Disease, , EiUkUsiied is Ye*r». Eczema, Cancer,
Ear Disease, . Every member of the. Sleeplessness,
staff Is a graduate from •
Lung Disease, $^*Xu '^ had Rheumatism,
many years' experience j
Rectal Disease, in hospitals and as spe- Neuralgia.
clallsts. -=
PATIENTS NEED NOT PAY TILL THEY ARE CURED.
► Any one doubting Dr. Meyers & Co.'s ability can arrange to pay when 4
3 they are well, and not before. If preferred, payments may be made in o
► weekly or monthly installments. +
I f££BE" If any other doctor in America will undertake a cure on °
3 ■?*■» these terms Dr. Meyers & Co. will cure you for nothing. o
I BEWARE OF UNNATURAL STIMULANTS. i
► Electricity in its various - forms has ruined thousands of men. It is O
► a threadbare fad throughout the Eastern States, and people of the Pa-' ♦
► cine Coast are awakening to the fact that it is an expensive and a dan- °
y gerous stimulant 4
3 DR. MEYERS & CO. do not have to resort to electrical or other fake o
i appliances in order to secure patronage. Nor do they use mineral or other a
\ dangerous drugs. They administer nothing but the extracts of buds, q
f barks, berries, gums, roots, flowers, fruits,, leaves, herbs and . plants. a
I Thousands who have been, healed or strengthened by them are souiiaingZ
i their praises daily. - "
[ HOME CURES— FREE PRIVATE BOOK. [
\ There are men in every city, town and school district throughout the 9
f- West who have been cured by Dr. Meyers' successful HOME-CURE sys- T
' tern. Although it is preferable to see the patient in many instances, it is 9
' not always necessary. . i
5 If you cannot call write for private book, diagnosis sheet, free advice, O
► prices and other particulars. Home cures a specialty. Thousands of +
3 men cured every year who have never seen the doctors. o
3 Correspondence co .fid ntial. No printing on envelopes or packages £
[ DR. MEYERS & €o.|
1 *3 Market Street, I elevator Hours-stoSDaiiy; i
£ "S i '' CMTnuvro Sundays— 9 to 11. ♦
1 # sj? i San Francisco. ENTRANCE. Hvenings-7 to 8. o
...->.■■ - ' . . - ' ----- -; - . , ... - 1 |
THE SAX FEAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAIT, JUNE 4, 1899.
Drennan, c. f 2 0 2 1 1 0 0
Totals 31 1 4 1 »26 15 15
•McCarthy out for not touching third.
WATBONVTLLK.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. 3b 6 2 0 0 2 0 0
McCarthy, s. s 6 2 1 0 3 2 1
j Courtney, c. 1 5 3 3 110 0
i Selna. lb 4 1 1 0 12 1 1
Morrow, c 6 2 1 0 3 1 0
Plake, 2b 5 2 10 3 3 0
Hayes, 1. f 5 2 10 2 0 0
Rice. r. f..' 3 2 0 0 0 0 1
Harper, p 4 2 10 14 1
Totals 44 18 9 1 27 11 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cnw 0 00000010—1
Base hits 0 00010120— 4
Watsonville 15143040 O— IS
Base hits 022120200—9
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Hayes. Two-base hits —
Courtney, Burse. First base on errors — Santa
Cruz 2. Watsonville Id. First base on called
balls— Off Balsz 3, off Devereaux 3, off Harper
3. Ijeft on bases— Santa Cruz 7. Watsonville 4.
Struck out— By Harper 8, by Balsz 2, by Dever
i-aux 3. Hit by pitcher — Plake. Double play —
McCarthy to Selna. Wild pitch— Devereaux.
Time of game— 2:oo. Umpire— Levy. Official
scorer— H. Fleisig.
To-Day's Games.
Oakland and San Jose will play two
games, as usual, to-day, in the morning
at Golden Gate and at ■ Recreation
Park in the afternoon. There 'is the bit
terest rivalry between the teams, and
both games will be stubbornly fought to
the finish. Andrews will pitch the morn-
Ing game for San Jose, while Russell w,.i
officiate for Oakland. The line-up tor
tlie afternoon is as follows:
Oakland. Position. San Jose.
Hammond Catcher Kent
Mosklman Pitcher Borcaers
Dunleavy Fir^t base Hankn.
Peeples Second base Anderson
Lange Third base ODea
Sohmeer Shortstop Leake
Bhea I/eft Held Dalrymple
Donovan ( 'enter Held McGncken
Hardin : Right field Graham
CYCLERS DISCUSS THE
RECENT RELAY RACE
VIGOROUS PROTEST OF ACME
WHEELMEN OF OAKLAND.
The Much Discussed Local Rider
Clause of the Associated Clubs
Is Again Upheld.
The board of governors of the Califor
nia Associated Cycling Clubs met last
night in the rooms of the Cycle Board of
Trade. Parrott building. The old Bght
over the "local rider" clause in the con
stitution was renewed. The previous ac
tion of the board was upheld.
In effect this, is that racing men can
only represent a club from the city and
county in which they live. This is to pre
vent the large clubs from gathering all
the fast riders throughout the State and
using the pick of them in Interclub con
tests. The vote was twelve t.. ten in fa
vor "f the old order, those in favor being
the delegates from Capital City Wheel
men, Sacramento; Garden City Wheel
men, San Jose; Olympic club wheelmen,
San Francisco, and Stanley (J. Scovern
and Professor J. J. B. Argenti, repre
senting the unattached. Opposed to them
were the Acme Wheelmen. Oakland; En
cinal Wheelmen, Alameda; Hay City
Wheelmen, San Francisco, and Paul N.
Nipper) of the unattached.
Tlie protest of the Acme Wheelmen
against their competitors in the recent
one hundred mile relay race was pr< -
sen ted Informally, ft consists of three
counts: That the Garden City Wheelmen
started without a packet;- that they ap
propriated the Acme packet within the
first ten miles, and that there was indis
criminate pacing throughout The board !
of governors will meet again on the 14th
inst. to hear the report of the racing
board as to its findings in the premises.
I^eon f'arru and Professor J. J. H. Ar
genti. of the touring committee, reported
that they were at work outlining some
tours to interesting points of the State.
The question of changing the member
ship of the organization from clubs to in
dividuals, as proposed by T. A. Woodson
of Sacramento, was not discussed. A
committee to which the matter was re
ferred for investigation was not ready
to report. The delegates present were:
President Paul M. Nippert, Secretary
Stanley G. Scovern. T. D. Whitman, W.
H. L. "Hines. H. Agnew. H. Larkln, Dr.
E. T. Mervy, J. F. McDonald, M. E.
Galnes, C. A. Danley. J. B. Lambkin, A.
L. Hubbard. Edwin Goeller, Charles Al
bert Adams. T. B. Meherin. T. G. Spil
lane, J. J. B. Argenti and Leon Carru.
Vitriol Thrower TJnpuuished.
The case of Maggie Magee, who threw
vitriol in the face of Fred Hotop, a con
ductor on the California-street road, was
dismissed by Judge Treadwell yesterday,
and the case of Hotop, charged with be
Whea requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, ratea,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN 'EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
■nrpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
i and Ponies.
OVER 80 KINDS OP MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician In attendance; " superb climate;
j beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Laka
County. Round trip fare from Pan Francisco
via Hopland. IS: via Callstoga. $?.
Hotel and cottage rates. 110 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
6. P. R. R. to Callstoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address J. CRAIS*.
Highland Springs. Lake County. Cal.. or sea
L. D CRAIG. Sl« Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on pale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster etg., Oakland.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWTNKF.fc.
£20 Post »t.. San Francisco.
1 -— — — — —^— — — — lr " T
The Vendome
A Country Home
Surrounded by a 12-acri park it re-
t • sembles a country mansion — anj
only two blocks from the railroad
Station, where twenty-five daily
trains connect it with the outside
world. Over 250 rooms- Suites
magnificent y furnished, with toilet
and bath. Tourists headquarters
for all interesting points in Santa
Clara County.
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr., Ban Jose, Cal.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
Sonoma County: only 4H hours from San
FranclKco and but 9 miles" staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues: best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating: grand moun-
tain scenery: good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
•tagee; round trip from San Francisco only
15 DO. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or .I:!*
p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a wo?k. Ref-
erences, any guest of th» past lour year*
Patronage constantly Increasing— laat year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE. '
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Trucker in the heart of the Sierras and pur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an .unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because It Is
clean, no poison oak. no posts. And pure air
nnd pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS. Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table
flm-ciass. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Mann County,' Cal.
mENDENHALL SPRINGS.
Under new management; 2000 feet above sea;
stage connects with train at Llvermore at 2:15
p. m.; fare from San Francisco, 12 25: rates,
$7 50 to $12 50 per week: half price for children
under 12 years old. For circulars address DR.
FRANK PITT. Proprietor, Llvermore, | Cal.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State: the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
"passed; fine Sshlng and hunting; stage dally
from Callstoga direct to springs: round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. $10. DR. W. R. PIU-
THER. Adam Spring.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially invited to call or .write. ' NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND. ■
HOTEL BENVENUE
And cottages. Lakeport. Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing" pavilion, BCis4o; fronts lake 200 ft.:
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard:' swimming,
boating, .elegant yacht free; children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese . help. ■• F. A ;
A. M. SCALES, Proprietors. .
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck. Slskiyou County. Cal.) ' .
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the - "Valley Road" route. : For full par-
ticulars address JOHN .MOSS. Traffic Dept.,
321 Market St.. . San Francisco.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-'
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address -H.- O. MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor. Cal. .
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
■ Good fishing, hunting, 'bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit.- Terms,
$7. E. M. SHBLPORD. Cloverdale. Cal.
Free carriage. : <-
trayal under promise of marriage, was
dismissed by Judge t»raham. Hotop, who
Is now a married man. agreed to pay $5
per month to Officer Me Murray of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children for the support of the child" o-f
which the young woman alleged hp was
the father, and it was on this agreement
that the cases were dismissed.
THREATENED TO SHOOT.
Warrant Out for the Arrest of Col.
Young of the Russ House.
Fred Craig a teamster in the employ
ment of the City Transfer Company,
swore to a complaint in Judge Graham's
court yesterday for the arrest of Colonel
Young, proprietor of the Russ House, on
the charge of assault with a deadly wea
pon.
Craig said that he was ordered by toe
Nearly every one in . j>
San Francisco has \
catarrh — so common !
that people don'tcare; ]!
they grew up with it. !|
It is better to be with- ]>
out it, though. \
Catarrhal :
Affections ;
disappear at Paso /
Robles Hot Springs. j.
The air, the climate, i
and the water are a ]>
catarrh cure. Ca- \
tarrh disappears — no ;
one knows where. \
Otto E. Never, Prop, City Office, i
Paso Robles, Cal ; 636 Market st. ,
PA r-P (3 I v- 8 1 beautiful summer and
fl &£ la I TL 1 I tleautiful summer and
&4 |"v fes IrA E a winter resort. - now
■ Bliflll'W owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
I cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
; of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
■ 150 miles south of San Francisco. In the Coast
; Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000. feet.
' The climate is soft and balmy and free from
. fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
i plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds:
I comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
I hunting and fishing: grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Towns<>nd ■ st. depot. 9 a. m.
I (Pullman to Eoledad. thence seven miles by
: Ftaee to Paraiso.) Round trip. $R. For further
information address J. PERRAULT. M.D., Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office, 33« Sutter St.. S. F.
I " ~~
FAMOUS GILROY . HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
\ R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paraiso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
i The h itel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
I The Table the best the market affords. The
. Bath? refitted and Improved— competent at-
; tendants and masseurs. Groun3s and walks
bemtifled. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
, leave Third and Tr,wn=end sts., S. P., at 9
! a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
! the Springs.
For illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROE-
ERTSON, Gllroy Hot Springs, Cal.
b-H Take S.P.R.R. trains—
■r€v/lT*i"*ll !* a.m., 5 p.m. Only 3
luff V B %Jii hours' ride. Carriages
Ijj-k meet every train. No
rCVfTlfl 9 a.m., 5 p.m. Only 3
*.Jty i \Jii hours' ride. CarriaK<>s
mt'et every train. No
B_B -.A. PtaginK. New hotel,
OiiT first - class throughout.
■ " v *"' Hot mineral springs
_, # cure rheumatism. Add.
3 O0nil(lS A. BETTENS, MgfP.
■ *-* Byron Hot Springs, Cal.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GATOS.
Just opened; new building:: handsome furni-
ture; 50 outside rooms; every modern conven-
ience; electric bells and lighting; perfect sani-
tary plumbing. Strictly first-class family and
commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
gueßts first consideration. Cuisine and service
unsurpassed. Commodious free- sample room.
LYMAN H. TOLFREE, Proprietor.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia. Iron and Arsenic: plunge bath: swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, • croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class: table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip; $3 75. Stage
meets morning trains ->nd Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs. Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkin st.
. ROWARDEMAN,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS, ON SAN LOR-
enzo River, 3% hours from S. F. ; 40 min-
utes from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit
by electricity: tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
ing, fishing and golf links; elegant hall and
dining room; club, billiard and smoking rooms;
new hard-finished and elegantly furnished: tel-
ephone Round trip, $3. - Address W. E. VEA-
ZIE, Lessee, South Ben Lomond.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also In new cottages, Just
completed. '
MRS. FK. T. MOORE,
BELVtUERE.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture In a short time. .Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena, Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ln«; 1 artificial lake for boating and swimming;
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets,. $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
Circulars to J. H. HAESTERS, Glenwood. Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen,
Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
6-room cottages; . good boating, ashing and
hunting: finest summer resort and mineral
water, tor all diseases lln | America; camping
ground and mineral ■ water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell. 1021^ Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh,' San Francisco.
' SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris. 'Prop.'. Napa' County. Cal. Bur»
cure for dyspepsia, Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. Thes*
■ eprlngs are located In Napa County. 20 mile*
cast of St Helena. The water is bottled at
the springs and contains Its own. natural gas.
Bus* leave* St. Helena. y " !
cashier of a typewriting firm in the Russ
House block to take a load of wood from
the basement of the store to his home on
Hyde and "Washington streets Friday
morning, and while loading it Colonel
Young came on the scene and ordered him
to get his team out of the way otherwise
he would punch him. Craig demurred and
after further hot words from the Colonel,
who got very much excited, he went away
and returned with a revolver, which he
pointed at Craig's head. Craig thought
discretion the better part of valor and
quietly drove off.
Did Not Come to Blows.
Attorney A. A. Friertlander and Max
Schick, a saloon-keeper on City Hall
avenue, had a heated controversy outside
Judge Mogan's courtroom yesterday
morning as to Snick's commission on a
fee obtained by the attorney for defending
a woman named Pauline Woods. The
controversy became so heated that both
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Cataltna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament . May* 1 to
Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring et.,
Los Angeles, Cal., or call on G. W. THOMP-
SON, Agent, 621 Market St., San Francisco.
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are Hotel
and assured del
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets, Terms. Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now In Effect.
■ Apply at 4 New Montgomery St., S. F.
ONLY ONE VACATION
a year. Enjoy every minute of it !
You can not help but do so at SARA-
TOGA SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY
— the queen of Summer Resorts.
Rates: $8, Sl4 per week.
J. MARTENS, Proprietor.
City Office— ll6 Pine st.
ETNA SPRINGS.
GUESTS COMPLIMENT US on our TABLE.
Service Is Prompt, Elegant and Abundant.
Telephone connection. Rates, fin to $14 per
week: S. P. to St. Helena at 7 a. m. or i
p. m. ; private rig to Springs. Round trip, $7.
W. L. MITCHELL, Manager, Aetna Springs
Napa County. City office. J. H. SIMPSON
1 room 4, Odd Fellows' building, S. F.
The Place for /"I'D f^TJ A T> TV n the FOOT-
RESTand ORCHARDhiIIs^ .
HEALTH SPRINGS -C V ol?at 3 in
ll " MW the C. P.R.R.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Sprirgi, Chic»g> Park, Cal.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ,, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT, LO-
W cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dress J. B. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS. Chief Clerk.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The Best In the. YA/orld.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round. Sulphur. Iron. Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES
of Rheumatism. Catarrh. Dyspepsia, Paraly-
elg. Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone-.
Terms, $10 to $18 per week. Dally stage from
Callstoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
FOR SALE!
A lovely home on Howell Mountain: about 115
acres: 8 acres hay land: 7 acres full-bearing
vineyard; good spring: also well supplied by a
spring: house, barn and outer buildings: 150
yards from county road. Apply to MRS. H. T.
WAGELAND, St. Helena, Napa County, Cal.
BROOK SIDE. :
The beautiful new resort at ■ the - head of
Napa Valley ,is now, open. First-class ac-
commodations, hot and cold water, gas. baths,
mineral springs. For health, scenery, climate
and beautiful drives it is unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. LORRIN BOOTH, Prop., Cal-
lstoga. Cal.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— i most delightful summer
borne. • EVery ■ modern . convenience. In and
out door sports. ; Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal cara of MR3.
M. MERRY, Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from. Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths; furnished cottages.
Terms, $10 to $12. Buy through ticket^ Send
for circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET.
; homelike manner. ■ th one of the best
tables in the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip. S3 50. .S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah ; thence by
staged Address - J. ; WIL' ON. Bertha. Lake
County, Cal. -■ ""■ ■'■ ' ■' •"•. ■
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths Water, gas. electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
ente Springs.' . Aqua Callente, Sonoma Co.. ; Cal.
ii'DITE W. H. MILLER, Uklah Stables, for
TV All E economical and best way and ac-
commodations to Springs in Lake and Mendo-
cino counties. Stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell, Saratoga Springs, Witter Springs and
Upper Lake. - ' , « .
men put up their "dukes." A crowd
gathered and urged both on to fight, but
it seemed that one was afraid and the
other "dassc-nt.'" and no blows were
struck Both parted vowing to have it
out at'the first favorable opportunity.
Trouble Between Barbers.
L. Heideneger and J. Blasi were arrest
ed last night on a charge of battery pre
ferred against them by J. Badger. Blasi
and Badger keep barber-shops on Sixth
street and there has been considerable ri
valry between them. Yesterday afternoon,
It is claimed, a message was sent to
Badger to the effect that a lady was
waiting for him in the back room of
Blast's barber-shop. He went in to see
her and tho two men jumped on him and
beat him severely.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all along the main
line, Sonoma and Guerneville branches of
the California Northwestern ' Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote*from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park- and four miles along
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guerneville
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark West Creek, which is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
for two miles, and good fishing. Man In
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guerneville, in the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, la
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
ville branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men s Association, of Guerneville, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will >c
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell. proprietor of the livery stable at
Guerneville. representing the association,
will meet all trains, and without charge
will show prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from all these points double
daily train service.
. Supplies- delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured- at Ticket Office. 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office, Mutual Life building.
Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thif delightful watering place Is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold,
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine «tone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
BOCrt HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
TRUCKEE RIVER; pleasant sunny rooms;
pure mountain air; free bor.ting on lake;
prices reasonable, $8 to $10 per week: special
rates for families. W. J. McDONALD, Man-
ager.
fADI CDin-Most beautiful spot In Lake
ViinLJUnU County. The mineral springs am
famous for marvelous' cures when all else
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carls-
bad, Lake County.
, __
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero. on star* line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER, Seaview, Sonoma County, or.
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
Every day: $50 for 12 days from S. F. : eight
days in valley. Information at the Traveler
Office, 20 Montgomery st. Tickets at the
Valley Road Office. 321 Market st.
n r p r e - TOCALOMA. M & IN
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; fishing: beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor. 58 Third St., San Francisco.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
In ■ the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount
Veeder, SlOO feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERQ
RESORT, Ockvllle. Napa County, Cal.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate. scenery, entertainment; non» better
In Lake Co.; gas Indoors and out.
H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND (
p. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa . Soda Springs P. O.
Montgomery Sulphur Springs.
Natural . hot mineral baths. Good country
board. Rates $6 and $7 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY. Callstoga. Cal.
VftQFIMITF San Francisco to Chl-
■ VJ'<sl_lTlfl 1 Li nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsd'-n & Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. . Single
fare, In either direction, $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 19 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
SANTA i CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch. 6 miles
• from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home in
the redwoods, running water: abundance of
fruit; good table; terms. $5 per week; children
under 10, $3. Address W. CKANDELL. Santa
Cruz, Cal. .. :
EDGEMONT— Delightful boarding place In
Santa Cruz Mountains; fine accommodations;
lively neighborhood; daily mail: long distance
phone. Patchin P. 0.. Santa Clara Co.. Cal.
OAK GROVE cottage, Saratoga: newly fur-
nished; good table: Congress Springs water;
team for drives. Address box 6. Saratoga.
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to spend ' vacation address F.
QUIEN. Glen Ellen. Sonoma Co., Cal.
MANZAMTA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4 "
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanita Villa.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, •16 pases, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 11,
. postage paid. ■SOLDIERS AND
DEAD BODIES
FROM MANILA
Transport Zealandia
Makes Port.
VERY CLEVER SEAMANSHIP
TWO OF THE SHIP'S SAILORS
RESCUED IN MIDOCEAN.
Very Sad Drowning of Little Philip
Muck — His Companions Ran
Away and Left Him to
Perish.
Tho transport Zealandia arrived from
Manila via Nagasaki yesterday after-
As Boon as her passengers and car
po are discharged she will be turned over
to the Oceanic Steamship Company, and
■will be got ready to take the Australia's
on the Honolulu run while the lat
tei is being overhau
Captain Dowdell reports a fair weather
ige all the way from Manila, the
the i
A RESCUE IN MIDOCEAN.
-r^ -TT "THEN the American bark Kenilworth was off the River Platte two of the sailors fell overboard
\/ \/ from the jibboom. Life-buoys were thrown overboard, the yards were thrown aback and a boat
was lowered. The men were rescued, the boat was hoisted inboard again and the vessel was
on her course once more in twenty minutes from the time of the accident.
■ Ighteen day?. The Zealandia
• ip the following: John D. Ford,
ruisei I Hympia; H. N.
chief engineer monitor Monte
, • James Harklnß, Tenth
Pennsylvania, United States Volunteei
. M. Snyder. commissary
N. H. Harriman. missionary; V.
Nt of marinpp. John Kidd
h Holt, commissaries transport
; , . T '•■: sailor on battleship
n; James Boggs, Fourth T'nttPd
Cavalry; William Christian. Thir
ers; N. ML
Twelfth United States Infantry;
Greenwell, Eighteenth United S
rj ; L. L. McX . ney, Fourth United
[nfantry; B. B. Payne, First Ne
• V Pender, Utah
--. . John Ryan, Twelfth United
■W. A. Ryberg, Thlr-
Volunt. ers; Geo. H.
Simons. First California: John A. Wim-
I'nii. d States Infantry.
The remains of fifteen soldiers also
ccme up on' the Zealandia: They will 1«.
landed on Monday as soon as the vessel
begins discharging.
The American ship Kenllworth, which
arrived from New York Friday, had a
very lucky voyage. Captain Taylor says
that from the time ne left New York un
til the Golden Gate was reached he never
started the topsail halyards. The last
time he was herp in the Iroquoia, he had a
similar experience, so that for two con-
Fecutive voyages around the Horn Captain
Taylor has not experienced weather that
would cause him to take a topgallant
Bail in. A piece of smart seamanship was
executed on the Kenllworth during the,
voyage that should prove an object les
son for the masters of the ferry steamers.
The ship was off the river Platte and was
bowling along at a seven-knot gait with
MISS NELLIE BOWLIN WILL
ENTER THE DRAMATIC FIELD
A TOT NO < < ;il:i"..rninii makes hor«
debut as a dramatic reader n«'Vtß
Thursday evening. Since early ■
childhood Nellie Bowlln h.isß
shown strong dramatic talent. ii-rB
friends gave her much encouragement, M
but unfortunately she has not been soB
situated that she could devote all herH
time i" study and the pursuit of the. ■
art she is so fond of and eminently M
qualified to excel in.. She has had '"I
divide her time between study and H
teaching elocution and dancing. N"\\ I
she makes her professional debut asl
a dramatic Shakespearian reader all
Sherman & Clay Hall Thursday M
evening. She will be assisted by ■■> I
number of talented people, itM-iudinirM
Professor Martinez, pianist; Missß
Florence Garrisiere'" soprano; Mr. .1.1
McAuliffe, basso; William I>elnjirt,B
cellist, and Little Alice Dupaa and!
Master Legallet, the clever child I
dancers. Miss Bowlin will appear in al
number of parts which will tend '"I
show her versatile talent ranging I
from character dancing to select I
selections from Shakespeare, imliiilin^B
scenes from "Romeo and Juliet,"' H
John" and "-Hamlet." Ii is said sh>:l
gives a very clever interpretation • . j^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l^^H
Edward Markham's "The Man With the Hoe," also to Kipling's "Recessional
and "The Vampire." Miss Bowlln has formed many strong friends among 0
the theatrical managers, and is now in correspondence with Augustin jft
Daly, whose acquaintance she formed when he was last in this city and" O
from whom she received much encouragement, though too young at the time «sa
to join any of his companies. The funds received from the entertainment o^
will materially assist the young lady in pursuing her studies. rj
- •: : ■--.' ■■• 55
all sail set. Sallmaker C. Gruby and
John Parkhurst, A. C, were out on the ■
Jlbboom doing some work when Parkhurst
lest his balance and In trying to save
himself grabbed Oruby. They both wont
overboard. Captain Taylor was on deck,
and at once ordered two life buoy* thrown
overboard and at the same timo backed
the yards and stopped the way on the
shin.
The two men secured the buoys nnd had
no difficulty In keeping afloat until the
boat that was lowered reached them.
From the time the men fell from the Jib
boom until they were back aboard again,
the boat again ■in the skids and the
Kenilworth on her course was ex
actly twenty minutes, a performance
which a ferry steamer might" be proud of.
Nearly 600 miles southwest onehalf south
from Ban Francisco the Kenilworth was
iii company with a dead whale. Needr
less to say that the ship was put on an
other tack and the dead monster given the
right-of-way. It was covered with sea
fowl, and' thousands were in the air
awaiting a chance to alight. All of them
angrily protested when the Kenilworth
hove in sight, and Captain Taylor took
due warning and got out of the way. ■
There was a very sad drowning fatal
ity at Fishermen's wharf yesterday
morning. Three boys. Philip Muck. Jim
my Kelly and Harry Edwards, went down
to the front early in the morning to play.
The bulkhead between Union and Fisher- |
men's wharves is being repaired and all ;
the boards have been torn up. The three
boys attempted to walk across the string
ers and while doing so Philip Muck
stubbed his t ■> against a nail and losing
his balance he fell Into the bay. Instead
uf raising an alarm the other tw« boys
ran away and went home. It was not un
til about - p. m. that they told anybody
of what had happened. Even then they
bad to be forced into telling- the story
by a man who overheard them talking
• the accident.
The. drowned boy's mother at once
went to Fishermen's wharf and a search
was made for the missing boy. His hat
vms found In the water not far from
where he fell in, but although the body
was grappled for by several parties for
hours no trace of it could be found. The
boy was 9 years old, and his father and
mother live'at 11 Vandt water street Had
the buys given an alarm when the lad
tirst fell overboard there is no doubt but
what he would have been saved, as there
w< re plenty of boats and fishermen about
at the time.
John Eustacia, steward of the steamer
Townsend, was walking up* the gang-
plank yesterday carrying a box when he
Imself and fell Into the
bay. jfe struck his head against a pile
fender and was seriously injured. II- wa
the Harbor Hospital.
Captain Poulseh, one ■■!' the best known
■■ •• mariners on the Pacific Coast,
died in Seattle yesterday of typhoid fever.
He was formerly master of the brig Oen
eva, and was fur years in the employ of
Matthew Turner, the shipbuilder. A short
time ago !:• was apointed master of the
barkentine C. K. Crocker, and went north
to assume command. He was only a
f. w hours in Seattle when he was taken
sick.
John T.ewis, a baker living at the Lin
dell House. Sixth and Howard streets, at
tempted to commit suicide from the ferry
an r Berkeley mnhe 6 a. m. trip yes
terday Me had been drinking and was
on the verge of delirium tremens when he
lumped overboard. Directly upon striking
the rold water lie decided that he wanted
to ]j\. i rdingly swam toward the
boat that was sent to pick him up.
Lumber is in demand at Honolulu and
vessels are scarce. In consequence
freights are jumping, and diseng
lumber boats an commanding fancj
The new schooner Robert R. Hind
H havinp her masts put in at Alameda.
Sire v. ill be got ready as Bpeedily as pos
siMe as she has been chartered to load
lumber mi Port Blakeley for Honolulu at
the thousand feet. The big five
. r tnca has been chartered
c same figure. She is now on her
way t" Pugei Sound from Australia.
Th< battle-ship lowa will leave for Pu
ge.t Hound next Tuesday, bo this will be
the last daj "!i which visitors will be al
lowed aboard. She will p,<> to Port Or
chard '■> b. drydocked. Launches to the
battle-ship will run from Polsom-street
v harf this afternoon.
Dear Madam? "Pegamoid enys ontne!
You're welcome, <'hronlcle building, No. 61.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 189©.
NO TRACE OF
THE ALAMEDA'S
MISSING GOLD
The Detectives Are
Nonplused.
CANNOT SOLVE THE MYSTERY
THINK THE SOVEREIGNS WERE
STOLEN AT SYDNEY.
A Cabin Boy Who Was Sent Into the
Specie Tank Soon After Sailing
Says There Were Only
29 Boxes.
The excitement over the loss of the box
containing i*™ lo sovereigns has not abated
one whit aboard the mail steamer Ala
meda. or on Pacific street wharf. An
extra searching force of Custom-house of
ficers were at work all day and every
nook nnd cranny on the big liner is being
limbed. So far not a trace of the miss
ing money has been found and the man
ner of its disappearance Is still as much
a matter of conjecture as ever. Purser
Thomas Smith Is confident that the mnnpv
went into the Bpecie tank. Others again
think that it was juggled Into the little
alley that runs bark Into the steerage
and so on deck, Instead of into the steer
age dining-room ami thence into the
vault.
Purser Smi'h says: "The poid camp
down to the ship in three trips, each
wagonload consisting of ten boxes. When
the wagon arrived I went on the duck
and counted the boxes in the presenci ol
! the bank clerks. Each box is marked and
numbered, and the. clerks gave me the
' numbers on \\'j± boxes. I wrote them
, down in my book and we then Btarted to
place the gold on board. I stood just
Inside the hatchway, and Third Officer A.
M. Smith stood by my side. As the steve
dores came up the pans plank and passed
; me 1 stopped them, took the number on
the box and drew a circle around the
Bame figure on my book.
"From where I stood to the door of the
steerage dining-room is ten feet; and the
men passed into the room, where chief
Officer Rennle stood beside the open trap
door leading to the vault/ In the vault
Second Officer Mekkleson was stationed
to tally the boxes. I. am sure thirty
boxes passed by me, and [ receipted for
them. I did not see the boxes again until
May 29, when 1 went into the vault to
k<-i sonic supplies of wine. I counted the
specie boxes and found but twenty-nine
there."
The remaining twenty-nine boxes were
removed yesterday to the Parts and j
American Bank. Captain Howard, super
intendent of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
I pany, and Detectives Gibson, Eigan and
Sllvey then made a thorough examina
tion of the Bpecie tank. l>ut nothing that
could throw any li^ht <>ti the mystery
was discovered. Among the police offi
cers the opinion seems to be that the
box of sovereigns never left Sydney.
Their convictions are strengthened by the
story which H. Cook, one of the cabin
boys, tells. He Bays that when the Ala
meda was three flays out from Sydney,
N. S. w.. he and some others were sent
into the Bpecie tank to get out a quan
tity of wines and liquors. While the
other boys were at work he walked hack
and forth over the boxes of sovereigns,
thinking how few people in the world had
trod gold under foot as he. As he walked
he counted the boxes and says positively
there were only twenty-nine. He is sure
of that, because he figured out how much
twenty-nine boxes, each containing ."■nun.
sovereigns would make in American !
money. At that time ne did not know
there should have been thirty boxes and
the matter passed out of his mind until
the discovery of the loss was made by
I'm.-, purser.
An almost Identical robbery was com- i
mitted '.iii the Peninsular and Oriental
Steamship Company's Oceana In Sydney;
harbor not very long ago< A shipment
of gold was being made to England and
on f the boxes disappeared. The most
diligent search failed to discover any i
*tW iSim*& %& TO HHIiUII I I ■■ w 1 fta m
IiKNIIV^ 3 PPPOY. 5 GOLDMARI. 7 SEPA ETWES. ||
~2 RASTE. 4YSNAP. 6 GINMORN GORYL 8 UNS WfILFER. | §
Can you arranre th«o ritrht different troops of letters into the names of eight (8) wall known and popular flowers ? H
If so, you Trill scaurs £360 In CMh. We will «it« ISBO iB Cati to anrone who will arrange the eight groups of letters H
prlnti>ilabi-.v»tiitorlst'itfam«.' 4e:io(ln(ieWUt v»U known Igirui. Ifuve wasnccesdedinattracrlng your attention ? H
OEAD OAJIEJUSC.V • Be-*««b«f . «ro «ja«t«aas©si<»»t«r*c«r uoasy when you are answertn* this ad ver- H
ri;omen(. There is only one eonnitJou which wHlt»kf Irs* than one hour ot yotir tine and which we will write you m
a* i.i:n> your answer i» roceirci. In makia| too right names the letters can only be vied in their own groups and 19
as many tirnos aa the* appear in «a«h indiridßa) »(«>P , and no letter can be used which does n6t appear in its own H
itroup. After you hare arranged the 8 rronpl Joiiad tßt« corrMt tamps, will hr.TP used every lettrr in the ft H
groups exactly an man times at it oppHws \n Id (adUidaal (froup. fit* money mil b» paid you Jaly 4, 1399. Should . B
. more than one n<-r»on »ucce«d in flDfltor th« tljiht na«H, the prise et l*» wiUbfequallT diTided among the winners. 19
WHY WE bo Tilia. W« oak* tUi Übawl «fl.r u> that th« t!am« aod fame of oUr popular fondly magazine, H
"Th» Woman* fccue Jssriial," will bo known fn rvtry hofrte In to* United fitatts and Canada where it ii not now H
read. TRt AND WIH. • If you will make the 8 oi>rr«cl »snj« Md »«nd (hem to us at once who knows but what B
yon will getthe 0a«a? Anyway. ft A* BotvuttfM to atM obSomJ with your letter and aoontest like this is T ery H
interesting. Thisiinotan ea.sv content. Itts a Hit or* wsrit »kiil. Ill* WOMANS HOME JOT/RXAL is an B
Intorcttinii, ler««, lllustratod M«Batln«, of nr»er Ims than M colnmni. in »oope, it contains ev-rythliic iior*air.ing M
to women i Society, Short Storitiot ten«« tn»er»it,P»«hlon»,l>t«r Writing, and in fact if the WOMANS HOME Q
JOURNAL (yet cnterjyour hpnst. wp slnearely belWe thatyoa WJID« aniionlto eubicribe. We wish to introduce H
the WOMAS3 HOME JOURNAL Into bpm%s v)tfr» Tt j» bow I »tranS>'. The WOMAN'S HOME JOURNAL H
already i«i,'»into the hcrr.e«v>f OYer3pC,O>o where ltis tnrioosly awaited gaSh issiu, W« wUh to increase Its circula- 9
tion to ens-half a nillio? during this season, which i» the rwaofc for making this grand susd unpreoadantwl offer. B
Slake up the eight names and »end thmn to us at oro«. M W«u a» wo rcoetTe your »pswer we will at once write you B
and notify you If you have won the prlie. We h«St Wn :*tU, a* *B itiall riTe away the s)dCO ajij-wiiy. In your letter ■
containing {he 8 names of flowers, bo snr« to sifri j&ur nil BsMe and a4dr«M plainly. Do not Delay. Write at Once B
WOMAXS HOME JOURNAL, jaida;.. gpfatcriyt'ojpey^ 99 Bogtoa.Masj. p
trace of It, and the mystery of Us dis
ippearance is still unsolved. The ques
tion If, was It the same gang of robbers
that worked in both cases. The search
for the missing gold on the Alameda will
be continued to-day.
PENSIONERS' CLAIMS.
New System Inaugurated for Their
Approval by the County Clerk.
To-morrow morning several hundred
pensioners residing in this city will ap
pear in the County Clerk's office tha-t :
their claims may be properly certified. ;
During past administrations the labor of
certifying the various claims has occu
pied several days, but arrangements have
been made by Managing Deputy County
Clerk Joseph Goddard through which the |
many pensioners' claims can be diposed :
of in" the course of a few hours.
Twelve, copyists will be sealed at desks
arranged along the main stands in the of- ;
flee. These copyists will receive the de
mands, properly certify them and pass
them to to the six Deputy County Clerks ;
who will be. on hand and the demands
will be sworn to. The pensioners will
then pass to the left and out to the Pen
sion Agent, who will pay the claims In
stead of four clerks as heretofore eighteen |
will be taken from their work for a few i
hours and in thai time the pensioners will
have been dlposed of and the deputes
ready to continue with the regular rou
tine Of th« Office.
LOS ANGELES WINS
ITS WATER CASE
THE RIVER MAY BE DIVERTED
TO SUPPLY THE CITY.
No Extra Damages in the Condemna
tion Can Be Enforced for Sup
posed Subterranean
Streams.
A decision favorable to t ho city of Loa j
Angeles In its action against A. E. Pom- ]
eroy. Hooper et al., was handed down :
yesterday by the Supreme Court in bank, j
The case lias been fought through the
courts for the past three or four years,
and in the last two years it lias ha«l two
hearings in the higher tribunal. Jt was
a contest ut the riparian owners of the
water of the L<>s Angeles River or creek
and the needs of a great city. In orier
to secure a sufficient water supply for
the Inhabitants of the city it was neces
sary to obtain possession and control of
the headwaters of the stream. H«re the
contest began, for a' number of property
owners living along the stream resisted
th( efforts to divert the water from Its
natural course Into flumes, etc., contend
ing that their riparian rights superseded
any rights set up by the inhabitants of
the city. The latter had but one recourse,
and that was to the courts in condemna
tion proceedings, and some of the best
legal talent in the southern part of tho
State was engaged in the case.
Many intricate and puzzling questions
of law and equity were involved In the
litigation, and even the Justices of the
Supreme Court were unable to ail agree
on the issues presented. For instance,
the old city of Los Angeles covered four
leagues of land, and under the old law
by which its inhabitants obtained their
water the supply that could be drawn
from the stream was limited to the pe< -
pie living within the four leagues. Now
that the city extends over a much great* r
territory the proposition was put forth
by the riparian owners that no more
water could " be taken from the stream
than was necessary to supplj those liv
ing within the original four-league limit.
The Supreme Court decided that the city
has a right to water for its entire popu
lation.
The same line of argument was set up
with reference to the water for the main's,
artificial lakes and pleasure resorts, ana
again the Supreme Court decided in favor
of the city. Another point also related
to the stream. It was known thru there
Is what may be called :•. double flow of
water, that of the surface over the bi i
of the river, and another, a subterranean
stream below the bed of the river. Are
thry on'- and the same streams, or shoi ! 1
they !"• considered as separate? The
lower court held that it is all one stream,
which appears and flows and disappears,
but still (lows, according to the nature ..f
the ground along Its course. This cut no
i small figure In determining the amount
of damages in the condemnation proceed
ings. The city would pay the value of the
land, but the owners demanded more.
Their contention was that the land pos
sessed a greater value than what ap
peared upon the surface, namely, the
subterranean stream which flowed there
under, and they were entitled to extra
damages. This was fine point on which
the upper court was divided, but the ma
jority decided to uphold the lower court
against the contention.
Th< property involved is estimated at
from $30,000 to J40.000. The decision up
holds the decision of the lower court, hut
had the opinion written by Chief Justice
Beatty prevailed the <ii\- would have lost,
for he disagree^ with the majority upon
the four-league proposition.
MEANS CITY OWNERSHIP.
LOS ANGEL.ES, June 3.— The effect <>f
the decision given out to-day in the Su
preme Court of tho State at San Fran
cisco in the case entitled I.os Angeles vs.
I'omerov will be greatly beneficial to the
city. Mayor Eaton says the news is the
best he has h.ard for n long time, and
that municipal ownership or the water
works is now assured.
BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT.
Silver-Street Kindergarten in Music
and Song.
The fifty young girls comprising the
housekeepers' class of the Silver-street
Kindergarten Association gave ;r delight
ful benefit entertainment Friday after
noon. The programme was carried out
under the supervision of the superintend
ent, Misa Kate F. Banning, and the
teachers, Miss Grace E. Pierce and Miss
Mabel E. Mallory-
Following are the names of those who
took special part in the exercises: Dottle
Stutt, Florence Behr, Jessie Dletz Hazel
Gill, Ethel Thomas, Dottie Lockyer,
Corinne Christensen, Flora At tel, Maj
Ifaslett, Josephine Sheridan, Lillian
Walsh and Ethel Davis.
The musical part of the programme was
highly interesting, and Included cooking,
sweeping and class souks, besides lulla
bies, which were daintily rendered,
Trunk moved, 2.".<", furniture, pianoa, freight.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
Wife-Beater Convicted.
John Berkman, a cloth peddler living at
1024U Folsom street, was convicted by
Judge Treadwell yesterday of battery up
on his wife and was ordered to appear fir
sentence to-morrow. He got mad at his
wife and threw a plate at her. which
struck her on the head, cutting the scalp
open.
Advances made «n furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. ,T. Nnonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Alice Neilson Here.
Alice Noilsnn, the popular prima donna,
arrived here yesterday from the K;ist Lo
visit her mother, who lives at the Lang
ham Hotel. Since Miss Neilson was here
last Bha has visited Japan, Honolulu and
all the Eastern cities with her opera,
"The Fortune Toller." Miss Neilaon's
tour is said to have been a big; BUCcese.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
LIFE SAVED BY SWI4MP«ROOT.
The Wonderful New Discovery
in Medical Science.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE4BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist, is
wonderfully successful in promptly cur-
Ing kidney, bladder and uric acid trou-
bles.
Smne of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dul.l ache in the
back, rheumatism, dizziness, headache,
nervousness, catarrh of the bladder,
gravel or calculi, bloating, sallow com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes, suppression of urine or compelled
to pass water often day and nisht.
The mild and extraordinary effiect of
the famous new discovery, Dr. KQmer'a
Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands
the highest for its wonderful caires of
the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists in fifty cent and one
dollar sizes. You may have a sample
bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and
a pamphlet that tells atl about it in-
cluding many of the thonisandi! of let-
ters received from sufferers cured, both
sent free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton, N. YL, and please
mention that you read this generous
offer in the San Francisao Call.
JOE POHEIM, rife
Makes the Best Fitting: Clothes at 25 per
cent leas than any otlier house on the
Pacific Coast, and it is the only house
where you get. line clothes .at moderate
prices. g^
PANTS fT SUITS
TO ORDER # JSL, T ° OR " KR
$4.50 Blm $10.00
5.00 JM® 13.50
6.00 Bmm 15.50 i
7.00 ill 17.50
8.00 mm 20.00
9.00 ill 25.00
10.00 30.00
FULL DRESS SUITS TO ORDER FROM $25 TO $60 '
The firm of JOE POHEIM is the largest on the Coast.
Rules for self measurement and samples of cloth sent free.
If garments are not satisfacJory in every respect, money
refunded. 201 and . 2(); j Montgomery St., and
1110 and 1112 Market St., S.F.
486 Fourteenth St., Oakland
14.1 S. Spring St.. Los.Ang^lM
OCEAN TBA\EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
1^- . Steamers I«ave Broadway
_ jj~]"i hi wharf, San Francisco^
|wMjj?j3^L_ For Alaskan ports 10 a. m,.
feSs*!^^^ Junf ~ r '- 10 - 15 - 20 - 25, SO; July 5.
: '■i'-!§fin^k3 change at Seattle.
1 HBgSVtjSi For Victoria. Vancouver <TI.
♦ ISWgWWgBti '' ■'. Port T..wns.-mi. S^attlo.
J"^^(fiiSfia Tacoma. Everett, Anaeortes
and New \Vliatcom (Wash.).
10 a, m., June 5, 10. 15, 20. 25.
30; July 5. and evpry ftfth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company* steamers'
for Alaska anrl O. N. Ry. ; at Tajooma to N.
P. Ry. : at "Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Ba^. 2 p. m., June?
3. 8. 13. IS. 23. 23; July 3, and every fifth day*
thereafter.
For Santa Crnz. Monterey, San Simeon..
Crvucos, Port Harford fßan Lais Oh; po'».,
Oaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. TT'ienem**,
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro HjOs Angeles) and ;
Newport. 9 a. m., June 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29:-
July 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ban Dleno. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Anselec ami Redondo (Lea Angeles). . 13 a.
m.. June S. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27: July 1, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Epeenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del '
Cabo. M.izntlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information "Main folder.
The company reserves the right to cjfinjje
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
arid hours of saline.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel V
GOODALL. PEHKIN'R & CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. HO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From . Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARP * f - l-irst Class including Uerth«
I Kill. *;r Second Clas» ' and Meal*.
Columbia sails June 2, 12. 22: July 2, 12, £2.
State of California sails June 7, 17. 27- July
7. 17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Eeast.
E. C. WARD, General Apent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE,
jrEW FORK, 6OOTHAMPTO*. LONDON. PA!«V
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork May S1 fNew York ...Tune. 21
St. Taut June 7 St. Paul Jun« 2-i.
St. Louis June 14 1 St. Louis July 5
RED STAR LINE.
New York mnd Anrwsrn.
From New York Ever* Wednesday. '12 noon.
Kenslnirton May 31 'Sonthwark June 21 ,
Noordland June 7 j Westernland ...June 2.>U
Frieeland June 14 Kensington July V
EMPIRE LINE.
6eattla. St. Mlchasf. Dawsot Citr.
For full Information refcardUnir freight and pa»-
-«■ sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
80 Montgomery Bt., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILt, LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogq).> Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Railing:. -■>')?
NIPPON MARTT Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 23
HONGKONO MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General. Agent.
( i.i!EJISS I BB.'J3S9i S. S. AlninfHia sails
igrT^gjjO&l&ltllSL via Honolulu and
M*f«l E Auckland for Sydney
HTOwi Wednesday, June 14
PHWSBIUSIBfI «»<• 10 S. Aln infill sails
vla Honolulu and
i B Auckland for Sydney
gj Wednesday, June 14.
cs±s V \ at 10 P- m -
)S{Wm<;n|nJ The S. S. Australia
CytWIIDIIIU salla for Honolulu
<s^*^ /OHIR/lOIL. Wednesday. June 28,
«C«^ \wni|uun,«j a t 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. ' Australia. India.. Suez,
England, etc.: $«10 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St FreightOlflce.327 Market St.
COMPAGNIB GENEP.ALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailins every Saturday at 10 a. m. <Jjj!jLs' :
from- Pier 42, North River, foot of ~*r™rvr?<!
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10; LA
BRETAGNE, June 17; LA TOURAINE, June
24;. LA GASCOGNE,.JuIy 1; LA NORMANDIE.
July 8. First-class to Havre. $65 and upward.
6 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY fOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, a Bowling Green.
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
_ \_  .._•'« __---------. — _
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). • Regular steamers
leave . Washington-street wharf at 6 . p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
" CALIFORNIA NAY. AND. IMP. CO.
-Telephone Main 806. • .
FOB 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ''Montioello."
MON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Bat. at 9:45
I a. m., 8:15, »:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
i Pier. No. 2. ■ Telephone . Main 1608. ■■-"• ' ■■•.-.. -. -..■■
I [FARE ................... ...........Wo
_ __^ ADVEKTiSEMENTS. !
®45>f©>®4<£>"f ®><i>f<S-f' ®4-S>f®-f ofo4o -f ®+©f® -f ©4© -f ©f-©4-©-f ®>©f®
4 ■ - -♦•
|CITYOF|M PARIS!
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. |
$ . ®
I LACE DEPARTMENT! |
® new DESIGNS just RECEIVED ®
■¥ • —IN— . £
% VENISE ALLOVERS AND INSERTIONS. . X
0 RENAISSANCE BANDS IN FESTOON DESIGNS, ®
■£ ■ LIERRE ALLOVERS, LACES AND BANDS. >
$> SPANGLED ALLOVERS IN BLACK AND COLORS, ®
®; APPLIQUE AND JEWELED TAFFETAS, 0
X CORDED TAFFETA, TUCKED MOUSSELINE, 4;
* LIERRE, POINT AND MARGOT LACES. ®
? EMBROIDERIES. I
X CAMBRIC EDGINGS, INSERTIONS . AND ALLOVERS, "♦■
V NAINSOOK EDGINGS, INSERTIONS AND ALLOVERS, §
j) SWISS EDGINGS, INSERTIONS AND ALLOVERS. 0
1 PIQUE AND LAWN EMBROIDERED ROBES |
4. AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. +
| NECKWEAR. 1
£ Novelties in CHIFFONS and LACE BOWS and JABOTS, RENAIS- X
4. SANCE, APPLIQUE and HONITON LACE SCARFS. X
I HANDKERCHIEFS. I
£ LADIES' SHEER LINEN FRENCH HAND-EMBROIDERED INITIAL 0
4 HANDKERCHIEFS, li.'M' each. 4-
I ' I
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
4 S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Strests, San Franoisoo. >
® UNION square. 2
§ COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED ®
% ♦
g^f®>® >■ (S4®4® -f @4® -f ®4® ♦®-» ®4®^® ja®4®+® 4 ©^©4® -f ®f® -f ®f®>®
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOITTIIKRN P4(IH( (OnPAWY.
'.' l*-y'{ ':.'!;'.' (PACIFIC HVHTEM.)
Tmlnt lltttTM itntl vi •- Inn to nrrlTC mt
MAM lUAMIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
/leave — From Jcke 1, 1893. — arrivi
7:00 a. Bcnlcia. fiuisun and Sacramento.... 8:43p
7:OOa Maryaville OroTiilo and Redding xla
WootUand 5>43p
7:OOa Elmira, VacaTille and Rumsey 8:45r
7:iJ«A Martinez, San I Valiejo. Napa, .
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:15p
8:00 a Atlantic Express, OgcH-n and Kast.. ti:t>r
»:lt«A Sun .lose, LlTermore, Stockton,
\ lone, Sacramento, Placemlle, •
Marj-gTllle. Chico, RedJJluff 4il»p
BiBoa *Mllton, Oakdalcanrt Honors 4:15p
U:OOa Hayn-anlß. Niks and Way Station*. 11:43 a
»:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
: " Mcrcs-d and Fresno 18:13p
OiOAa Fresno, llakerslielil. Santa lUrliara,
Lob Angeles. Deming, Xl l'aso,
New Orleans and East 6:45p
IO:»Oa Valiejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
1 1 :OOa Ilaywards. Niles and Way Station i. Br-15p
1 2:00 x Kilea, LlTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrteirillo 4:isp
•l:OOp Sacramento IJiTer Stenincr3 "8:00p
8:OOp Ilaywardß, Niles and Way Stations . »:4lip
4:»«r Martinez, Hau lUiuon, Vallejo,
Napa. Callxtogit, .Santa 1tu5u...... O:1I)a
4:00r Bcnicia, VacaTille, Sacramento,
Wood. and, Ktilgbts Landing,
MarysTille, OroTille IB:4Sa
4:aOpNl!es, San Jose aud Stockton 7:15p
4:30p YoEemite SleepiDg Car for Raymond 1 2:15p
8:0©r Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, Saueim for Santa Barbara, ■
Los Angeles 9:43*
r>::*Oi- Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:1.Tp
S:3Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and Los Angeles 8:45 a
st3«r Snnta Fa Jtoute. Atlanlio KxjireM
for Mojave and Kasfc 6:4.Tp
CiOOp Ktiropeau Mail, Ug<leii and J^ant 0:13 a
6:00p Hayvrarda, Niles and Han Joso 7:45 a
•0:00 1- Vallejo.. 1 2: 1 Dp
?>oai>Orceoii i:xiir<>!<s,Bacrnii)eutu, IMaryn-
ville, Ituilding, rortlaml, Tucet
Sound Ka-,t 7:4»a
t»i»»p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta-
tlons 1 1 0:5
COAST IUTISION iNnrroii^nutrr).
(Foot of Market, Street.)
}7:43 a Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations t,8:03p
8:15 a Newark, Ccntcrrillc, San .lose, Feltoo,
Boulder Crt Santa Cruz and Way
Stations sssor
»:l*p Newark, Centerrille, San Joso, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *I«:3Oa
4jlsp San Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20 a
M«l3rFelton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiona / 9:20 a,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr«mS4K rRHNOISCO— F«ct of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 0:00 11:00 A.M. Jl:00 *2:00 J3:00
•1:00 15:00 *6:00r.M.
from OilUHD— Foot of Broadway.— -«: 00 8:00 10:00 a. 11.
112.00 *l:00 t2:00 "3:00 t*:00 *B:00r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gnnsc).
(Third and Townseml St».)
' •6:1Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. *0:80p
•7:00* San .loee nml Wny Stiilions (New
Alinadcn Wednesday* only) li:tOr
}7:3»a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, I'ncifis GroTo and
Principal Way Stations tBiBs»
•:**A Han Joso. Ties Pinos, Hutita Cruz, .
Paol lie rove, Paso Nobles, Sau
Lnfa Olilspo, (iuailalui'?. Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10r
10:40* Ran .logo mid Way .5tati0n5......... "8:00 a
11:30* San Jobo ami Way Stations 5:30*
•2i4srSau Slateo, Redwood, Mcnlo Park.
P»lo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lone, .
Olh-oy, llolliater. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
OroTo •10:30 1
•»:aop Ran Joso and Way Stations «):Ooi
•4:l»r San . 080 mid Principal Way, Stations 9:45 a
•5:00p San Joso and Principal Way .Stations 0:33 a
3:Sot> San Jose nn<l Principal Way Stations "8:35*
«::tOp Han Josf! and Way Station* 7:30p
t11:43p San Joso and Way Stations ;. 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
oSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
iPiiJnion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO I
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND L-IBRART CABS
" . WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPBRB.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULL-MAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY SH DAYS TO CHICAGO.
liMYce San Francisco daily at 8 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Ar«Ot.
If*. 1 Montgomery street. San Franolscau
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run as follows!
South-bound. North-bound, j
paasen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
Mr, Sunday Stations. Sunday cer.
Dally. Exc'ptd V v- " Exc'ptd Daily.
T:tO am 10:80 am Stockton • 3:45 pm 6:00 pm j
• :10 am 2:05 pm Merced ' 11:40 pm 4:13 pm ■
10:10 am 5:86 pm, Fresno 8:30 am 2:42 pm
: 11:88 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm :
1 I:ts pm 12:20 am Bak?rsneld 2:00 am 11:00 am ■
ll:6»am 6:26 pm Vlsalta «:40am 1:22 pm
12:1£ pm 6:53 pm Tulare B:So.am! 1:06 pm
' Stopping; at Intermediate points aa required.
For particular* of stage and other connections.
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. Ml Market :
xtreet. Ban Fran'cHco. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIB SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Sun Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m. .
SUNDAYS, 8, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
•- and 4 p. m. ' ••-..; ■- ■-V;-*-'-.
On May 80 Trains Run on Sunday Time.
Fare, * S. F. to i Summit, and Return. -.11 48.
THOS. COOK * BON; Afts., 621 Market- sl j
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
IjHISSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
BAN I"RANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:CO. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:3 i»
1:30, 6:10, «:80 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trio
! at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
' and H:SO p. m.
■UNDAI'S-»:00, 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; I^o, »M.
t:00, 1:80 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:I9. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 11:45.
1:40, 6:l£ p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:5.' and 8:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, S:M, 6:06,
I (:26 p. m.
Between Ban Franclso* and Schuetzen Park
| s*rr.« schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
Ban Fran Cisco. In Effect San Francisco.
, . 1 April IS.
> Week ' ' San- •»'- Sun- Week
1 Days. days. Destination. [ days. Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am
t:S* pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 8:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 1:09 pm Santa Rusa. 7:35 pm 6: 20 put
Fulton,
I T :3O am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdbburr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:80 pm 8:8» am Gloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
j 8:80 pm 8:00 am Uklah. * 7:36 pm 6:20 pm
'. 7:30 am 10:25 am
8:80 ami GuernevlUe. 7:15 pm
i 8:30 pm j 6:20 pm
: 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
j 6:10 pm 6:60 pm Glen Ellen. 6.05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| I 7:85 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
I Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttca
, for Ljtton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Oysers; at Hop-
! land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
JOlsoyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, . Soda Bay, Lake-
| port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
I Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
i Del! Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
I Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, L.ieriey's.
I Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, HuHvllle.
j Booneville, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs,
i Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot. Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
i Westport, Usal. Willltt*. Laytonvllle. Cum-
I mtng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
! reduced rates. I
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
I beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bide
H C WHITING, > R. X. RYAN,
. General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
Santa Fe Route
The ONLY LINE With Its Own
Tracks California to
Chicago,
Every day in the year Pullman
Palace and Pullman Upholstered
Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mole
at 5:30 P. M. for CHICAGO and the
EAST.
■ Close connection In Union Sta-
tions at Junction points.
DINING ROOMS are managed by
MR. FRED HARVEY, and are per-
fect in every detail, serving sump-
tuous meals at regular hours and
reasonable rates.
No other line offers so many In-
ducements as the SANTA FE route-
SUN FRANCISCO -TICKEToFRCE — Xl MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531. '
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. . >
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
Sin Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clan St.
KORIH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via ssMMltt* Fntf.
Commencing April 23, 1899. -
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAlibBX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
•1:46, 3:20. 4:00, 5:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30- p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:OO,- '9:00, *10:00, 11:00, U:M
a. m.; 1:00. '1:45, »2:30, »4:00, JO, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to Ban Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *6:40, 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a m.: 12:30, 2:15, »3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. *8:00, *9:45, *10:45, »11:45
a. in., 1:00, 2:20. *3:30, •5:15. •6:00, 7:0», 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Qnentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:50, 7:55. 8:55. 10:16
a. m.; 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 5.20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m. :" "■".•-•-■■
SUNDAYS— 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 11:08,
1:20. 2:40. 3:65. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns,
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. in. Sundays — Reyes and way sta'na.
o'^tiSSS^^&Mß pig 49 Is a non-poisonoraa
&j&a&Br* >^ m 4>£ZgM remedy for Gonorrhea,
jd^RSSrCCllEtrS^ Gleet, Sperma torrhoea,
MEgf i» Ito & <i»Ti. VVhitcg, unnatural .]i«.
MSn&Sr Quaranwol g| charges, or any inflan'ma-
Mflbjf sot to mrlatuc. tion, irritation or oleerv
B*j *n?mthU contagion. tion of miko v a mpra-
RSmTHEEvANS CHEMIOI.Ro. brands Noa-astricgent.
iggtV ciwcitiwiTi.o HSR **•»•<* by D "«rt»i»,
VVfifJ^ C.3. i iW"' 6ent in plain wrapper,
ÜBrTgL ' 7 express prepaid, fo» •
■ OircaiU Mat on rs^seja,
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 ..lock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 MontK>>mery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
■.■: Hayes street; open until ;<:3O o'clock.
■ 1 : open until 'J:3'> o'clock.
rkin stree^; open until "-> : 3O o'clock.
K<4l Miss! r. D until 10 o'clock.
Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ck.
, a until 9 o'clock.
•1 until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
InnW  iinHl II ' clock.
» _■-
CHURCH' NOTICES.
4 J At The Strangers' Sabbath Home
\ A (643) Howard St. Methodlst-E| 1
h H Chuicli Bet. zd &3d Sts. Seats Fr»e.
X II R.-v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
J3i 1 ! SJM Res. by the Church. Tel. Black '•
F» I -\, I§J rlfortaWe seat )
Lilr * (Mill A I■ 1 lurteous trreetir.r: > Await yo»
I_ A £>:_[*} "WUrlial -■ '.-or— ' 5
tXf, l.t!r?X' 11 a. m., "The High Fellowship
* ' ,33*3 ')£' °" x '- ork " : soprano solo by Miss
L*j»«fiiß % '-*'t Mabel C. Perkins, 7:;.. p. m., ser-
taiiß**!' 1 . 1 1 mon, "Relief for the ' Man With
the Hoe." The poem will be recited by Miss
Jennie M. Long. The author. Mr. Edwin
Markham, will be present and speak. Barytone
solo by Mr. Henry B. Tobey.
S'WLVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Powell
and Geary sts.. Rev, John H.-mphiil, D.D.,
pastor— Sen-ices at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
The pastor will preach morning and evening.
The sacrament of the Lord's supper will be
observed at the close of the morning - ser-
vice. Topic evening, "Rest." Music morn-
ing, anthem. "Hear My Prayer" (Southard):
offertory, "There Is a Green Hill Far Away"
1 (Gounod), Mrs.- Susie Hert-Mark. Music
evening. "Jubilate Deo," In A flat, (Wels):
offertory, "The King of Love " C B. Haw-
ley: solo, duet and quartet. All are cordially
welcome.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church. Oak and
Baker sts. (Panhandle Golden Gate Park)—
Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. by
Rev. J. R. Jones of Central Presbyterian
Church, Los Anseles. Sunday school at 9:30.
Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:00. Wednes-
day evening prayer meeting at 7:45.
ST. PAUL'S Church, California Ht., near Steln-
ler. rector, Rev. \\\ Maxwell Reillj Holy
communion, 7:30 a. m. Sunday school. 9:30
a. m. Litany service, sermon by the rector
and holy communion. 11 a. m. Evening ser-
vice and sermon, 7:45. Preacher, Rev. Charles
Adams.
THE First ... Church, southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.. Rev. Dr. Stebl Ins,
minister emeritus; l;.--, St. pford v,' Brooke,
minister pro tern, and superintendent of Sun-
day school— The Sunday school is at 10
o'clock, the morning service is at 11 'clock.
Mr. Brooke will occupy the pulpit. Subject
of sermon, "Love Your Enemies. All are
cordially invited. There Is no evening Ber-
vic6.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion st.. bet Sixth and Seventh, Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor— Class meetings, 9:30
a. ni. and 12:30 p. m. Morning sermon, 11
o'clock. Subject "Blessed Are the Meek. '
Punday school 12:45 p. m., Rolla V. Watt
Fuperintendent. Christian Endeavor Society,
i p. in. The evening service will be he'd at
Metropolitan Temple. Fifth St.. near Mar-
ket, where Dr. Locke will preach on "Les-
sons From th^ Lip of England's Gracious
Oueen." Seats are all free. Everybody in-
vited. Music led by large chorus choir. J.
J. Morris, choirmaster.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes amd Buchanan sts..
Rev. John Stephens, pastor— Preaching at 11
a. m. by the Rev. E. K. Pope. D.D., of
Minnesota, and at 7:45 p. m. by the Rev
Dr. Dearborn of Colorado. Sunday school at
12:45 p. m. Young People's devotional meet-
ing at 6:45 p. m.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D..
Jpiistor, will p reach at both sen Ices. 11 a. m.
theme, "The Home and Its Influence." 7:45
p. m. theme. "The Greatest Motive Power."
All are cordially invited.
THE West Side Christian Church will hcid its
regular services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Rev. Mr. Williams, pastor, will preach in the
morning on "The Lawlessness of Paul." In
the evening on "The .Supreme Sacrifice."
Sunday school is held at 10 a. m. Y. P. S.
C. E. at 6:4", p. m. All are cordially invited.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
I Mock, 22H Slitter st.. bet. Kearny and Grant
aye— Christian Science Bible lesson, 11 a. m.;
subject. "God the Preserver of Man." Sun-
day rchool for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 lock. Ail
are welcome.
RKORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
I Post St.— Preaching. 11 a. m. At 7:45 p. m.,
by F. M. Sheehy. This church preaches the
restored gospel. Rev. 14:6, 7. The "Eleventh
Hour," Matt. 20:6. "Tho Dispensation of the
Fullness of Times," Eph. 1:10. "As a Sign
of the End." Matt. 24:14. "At Evening Time
It Shall Be Lieht." Z.ac. 14:7. We invite
investigation. All welcome. C. A. Parkin.
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E.
Cramer, pastor— Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
ject. "Divine Healing From a Scriptural
Standpoint." Services every Sunday in Yo-
semite Hall. Native Sons' building. Mason
Ft., bet Geary and Post. Take elevator.
"THE Serpent and the Cross" — Lecture to-
night before The Theosophlcal Society. Odd
Fellows' building, cor. Seventh and Market
sts.. by J. C. Brodie. Popular lecture every
Sunday at i p. m. Lotus circle. The Chil-
dren's Hour meets Sunday at 11 a- m. Library
same - ...::-
UNIVERSAL BROI HERUOOD-
THEOSOPHICAL Society In America— To-
night, "What We Do Not Believe," Dr.
Griffiths. Mr. Cahn, Miss Whittier; Interna-
tional Brotherhood League, Tuesday, v p. m.
Subject. "Nobility of Labor." Academy of
Sciences Hall. >!'■♦ Market St.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister
sts.— Sunday, June 4, at 7:30 p. m. ; speaker,
Xirs. 11. S. Liliie; subject. "The Rational
View of Immortality." Admission free.
C< ' ' OPERATIVE Brotherhood— Dr. York speaks
at Pythian Castle, 909 M.irket St., first floor,
this "evening, 8 sharp, on "The White Man's
Burden." Admission free.
MARRIAGE at Dr. Rlnes' spiritual society at
10 i>. ni.. 9C9 Market ft.; free 11-2; 8 p. m.,
10c; Mrs. Bird. Vipers. Gilllngham, Seely;
doctor's office, 1236 Market st.
TO-NIGHT, 117 Larkin St.. Bishop Garrison
lectures ami gives illustrations of slate writ-
ing and other tricks of fake mediums; 10c.
A TEST, develop, Heal meeting: Sun. - and
S p. in.; 10c. '.•A Sixth; R. A. Stitt, Hargravc,
o'.hf-rs.
MRS. HARLAND, trance medium test circle
to-night; sealed lettirs read; 10c. 120 Sixth.
MRS MARY EVANS, cfrcle to-day. 2 and Sp.
m.; 10c; also Mon. 1346 Market, op. Odd Fel.
C. V MILLER'S etherealtzing materializing
seance, Sp. m., 50c 1 19 Leavenworth st.
JI.V.K. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night
!■'(■: 61a McAllister st. ; come, skeptics.
MRS. D. J. MORAN and her gifted children
,-:■,'.. 414 Kills st.
MEETING NOTICES.
ALT A Lodge Nn. 205, T. O. O. F.— .vg™,.
MONDAY EVENING. June 5, ml- i^_*"&l
tiMion; six candidates. :
F. W. DERBY. N. O. / " |l **~
HALL of Hartnagel Chapter No. 3 I'"~vftl>
A. O. I.. 41:: Sutter St.— The officers ami gSS
members of the above named chapter ■ EJi
will please assemble at their hall SUNDAY
June 4, at 1:30 o'clock, for the purpose of
. attending the funeral of our late member
Brother JOHN DIEMI7R.
JOHN B. HOSS, C. D
JOHN HUTTON. Secretary. "'
FOURTH OF JULY-Shell Mound v cy^T
Park; Berkeley— Seventeenth grand "?, IICJ/
annual gathering ar.d games of the \\*JL l
R. F. Scottish Thistle Club. The >i?fco
Krentest affair of the kind ever witnessed on
this <-oa«t. Great programme of events- {3000
in fash prizes: elegant and costly medals for
amateur events; exar.d open-air concert, ball
end fireworks in the evening. Day admission
p.'lults r.O cents, children 25 cents: night ad-
mission, adults 25 cents, children 10 cents
Buy your ferry tickets for Shell Mound
JOHN RO.SS. Royal Chief
GEORGE W. PATF.KSON, Recorder. ■
THi; California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. H. Southwlck. in the North
Hill placer mine, near Milton, Oalavers9
County, tn d. p, s!t tailings In Rich Gulch-
:r<m T. B. Bennett In the Ohio mine. near
Wash, Pluman County, to deposit tailings on
a flat below the mine: from W. X Duncan
Fr.. in the York Ranch placer mine, near
Fpanlnh Ranch. Plumas County, to deposit
taillnirß en a flat below the mine: and from
Alfred Schofield. in the Klondike -mine, at
Whisky Diggings. Sierra County, to deposit
tailing* behind the dam of the Washington
mine. In Slate Creek, gives rtotlc- that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco, Cal.. on June 12. ISM
at 1:30 p m.' ' ... .:
mining ENTERPRISE.
DEWEY Navigation and Trading Co. will dis-
paten bark Northern Light on or about June
lij in seaworthy condition for San Rogue gold
fields. Lower California; over 100 berths a;-
ready taken; only 50 left. Call early on
CHAP. F. BLANDIN, President. 10 Califor-
nia .st.
TO the new gold fields. Lower California—
Dewey Navigation and Trading Company will
dispatch a fast vessel to Todos Santos and
Asuncion Bay, Lower California, the early
part of June with passengers and freight:
nceommedations for ISO passengers; call early,
us only few berth? left. CHAS. V. BLAN-
DIN, President, 10 California at., room 0.
I SPECIAL NOTICES.
I NOTICE — Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 1838:
Henrietta Barraco, aged '.' years; Anna Bar-
raco, 8; Gertrude Barns, 11; Anna Barns, '.':
Lillian Horgan, 9; Maud Edsberg, 9; Irene
Kdeberg, 7; Kath. Sullivan, 6; Mary Oliver,
10. . .
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devisadero st., near Sutter. 1
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 31» 3d el.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
C 0.. -415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
m\ idf.no *< TICKS*.
DIVIDEND No. 4 ('■',•) cents per share) *of the
Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company, 3..
Market st.. on and after Saturday, June 10,
1»9. Transfer books Will close on Saturday,
June 3, - 1899, at 'l2 o'clock m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
_MI*_OVJiISNT OKKICIiS.
OKPHEUM Employment Ofnce— Japanese, Chl-
n*6e. 424 Powell, nr. Sutter: tei. IHacK 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main I!>3*. Bradley & Co.. (UP Clay.
SITUATION'S WAVriSU— KEMALIS.
AMERICAN housekeeper or matron or experi-
enced trained nurse, with best of references,
competent to fill any of foregoing positions.
would like a situation. See J. F. CROSETT
_ CO., 316 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted for cooking and house-
work by - Swedish cirls; references given.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT and refined person (German) de-
sires position in family residing In the coun-
try; la capable of taking full charge of
household or the entire care of 1 or 2 grow-
ing children; highest reference. Please ad-
dress M 8., box 1631, Call office.
WANTED— Position as companion to elderly
couple or invalid child: good reader, amanu-
ensis, etc.: also converse in German: no ob-
jection to traveling; salary reasonable; refer-
ences. F. E., box 539, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by Canadian Protestant
woman in private family; good cook. Call
631 Larkln st.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes .
a position in small family; light housework; !
good plain cook. 254 Fell st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker, perfect fitter,
goes out at $1 50 per day. Address MRS. M.
FLOHR, 41S Grove St., bet. Gough and Oc-
tavla.
COLORED woman wishes situation a-> child
nurse; either country or city. 1236 Folsom.
GOOD cook with boy 4 years ..Id wishes posi-
tion as cook for camp, hotel or widower's
family. Address 708 Urannan st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day. 215
Polk st.
SITUATION wanted— Young lady bookkeeper, I
stenographer and typewriter; college refer- I
ences. .Box 1630, Call, or tel. Larkin 095.
NEAT Swedish woman wishes to do general
housework in small family; good cook; good !
reference: ?24 per month. Call Monday, 513 -
McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants work by the
day, Monday and Tuesday. Call 312 Van ;
N'-^.s aye. IS^9S
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work by the
day or at home; $1 25 per day. 124 A 11th si.
LADY wishes to so to the country for a few
months: is a good seamstress; Is willing to
sew in exchange for her board. Box 531, Call. |
WANTED Respectable woman would like light
housework or chnmberwork; a so 1 home.
Call to-day only at 137 Third St., room 2. I
WOMAN wishes day work. $1 and* car fare. 1
Write or call room 7, 191 Seventh st. !
EASTERN woman wishes washing or cleaning
by day; would do plain wash home. 573
Minna st., near Seventh.
YOUNG lady would like a position In an of-
fice; has just completed a course in type-
writing and stenography; best of references.
Box 504. Call office.
YOUNG woman wants any kind of housework
by the day. Call at 7.'3 Howard st.
COMPETENT person wishes position as in-
fant nurse or housework: fine cook; refer-
ences: salary $18 to $20. E. L. F.. 333 Alva-
rado st.
LADY" with good references wishes place as
housekeeper for small party of gentlemen I
or man and wife; no trlflers. Address box j
lr.ti. Call office. . 1
WANTED— Position to travel as nurse and !
companion with -invalid lady. Box 534. i"all.
YOUNG lady, good stenographer, wants posl- j
tion of any kind lew ii iurs each evening, j
Box 537, Call office. ■ '.
NORTH German nurse seeks position in Amer- j
ican family; age 30; best city references. Ad- j
dress E. C. 929 Pine st. i
GOOD strong, sober young woman wishes a ;
place as kitchen helper or housework and
assist cure of children, 924 Washington St., i
near Powell. j ;
SITUATION in small American family; good i
home more of an object than wages; will 1
assist in housework. Box »i v 7. Call office. • •
DANISH girl wishes to do general housework ;
In a small family (American) ; best of refer- ■
ences. Apply 909>i ' ■;■;■•■ st.
YOUNG woman wishes steady place to do light j
housekeeping and plain cooking; wages mod- j
crate. l'.Gl ward st.
AMERICAN lady, respectable, middle-aged, ■
desires a working housekeeper's position; I
references exchanged. Address box 689, CalL i
FIRST-CLASS seamstress wants engagements j
by day or month; can do chamberwork. 7
Van Ness aye.; tel. South 663.
WANTED— By a strong girl, general house- i
work; city or country, or will wait on table j
: in a country hotel; 3's years last place. Call
j 716 Fourteenth St., near Market.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes washing or (
housework by the day or week; good refer- ,
ences. 269 Nat 'ma st. ;
GOOD Swedish laundress wants work *<•: the \
day washing and Ironing. Please call at ":: \
Elizabeth st.
YOUNG woman wants steady employment at I
light housework; $10 to $12 Box 52*0. Call. 1
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at !
home. 150 Fourth st., room 12, first floor.
RESPECTABLE Swedish woman of 40 wishes I
position as housekeeper. Address 1257 Seventh I
I St., Oakland. ' '
LADY would like position to do plain sewing 1
or second work. m;;, 1 -, Market, room 9.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 20c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The W.e<-k'.y i
Cell, 16 [.ages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1, '
postage paid.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALB.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
•best help 414% O'Farrell n.; tel. East 421.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Em p. Agency; all kinds !
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56. |
FIRST-CLASS French cook, Just from East,
; understands American and French style of ■
cooking, wants situation in restaurant or ho- I
tcl. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 «acram«nto.
ENGINEER, with license and good recom-
mendations, understands all classes of en-
pines, wishes situation; city or country. Ad-
dress box 1608, Call office.
AS nurse or attendant to invalid, massage: pre-
vious experience; reference; moderate terms.
Address box 33, Call office.
WANTED— Position as experienced nurse to
invalid gentleman: . references first-class;
wages moderate. Address box 513, Call office.
WANTED— My a practical steam and lager
beer brewer, a sijtuation; best references.
Address box 1614, Call office.
WANTED — Situation as janitor or watchman;
good references; country preferred; capable 1
of taking care of electric wire;.- or annunciator
work. 1.. L. i;., 107't Fifth st.
MAN and wife-, young couple, would like din-
ing-room work; country hotel. Box »30, Call.
MAN and wife, experienced cooks, want posi-
tions in hotel, boarding-house or cam.; city
or country-; wife willing and capable to take
position in any capacity. Call or address S.
E., room 6, 714 Larkin st., S. F.
MAN and wife wish situations; man is good
milker; can drive hi rses and d > general work;
wife la good cook and housekeeper. Address
121 Commercial st.
POSITION as nurse or • attendant on Invalid
gentleman: willing to travel; wages reason-
able. Address A. H. A., 1517 Spring st.
Berkeley.
! YOUNG Englishman wishes indoor work: cub!
or family; would assist butler. Box OS, North i
Temescal. Oakland.
STRONG middle-aged German wishes situation
In wholesale house as porter, truck or express
driver; knows the city well. Box 896, Call.
GARDENER, coachman. General utility man
wishes situation; city or country; good refer-
ences. Box 697, Call office.
! DAIRYMAN, : 15 years' experience, rapnbl* to
tnke .ban..-: experienced with horses, harness
and carriages; age 45; single; temperate; well
recommended. Address ; . ix MS, Call office
until Monday noon. ,
WANTED— Place; useful man; . Irish; . lately
landed; city, country, any part of State.
THOMAS NOON. AN, 41 Third St., room 106.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FUXDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
. - »
SITUATIONS 'WANTED Con tinned.
COACHMAN; an all-around thorough horse-
man; first-class city references: position, city
or country. Address J. C, lOIISVz Larkin st.
YOUNG man will work on frijlt orchard for $1
a day; must be steady place year around;
any iart of State; well recommended. Box
SOS. Call office. .
CIVIL engineer with large experience desires
engagement; will accent place as transit-
man with promise of promotion. Box 13. Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. {1 per year.
UK Ll' \VA.\TEI)-IKIIAI.K.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
Head waitress for first-class city hotel, $30:
head waitress, country. $30: 20 waitresses for
first-class resorts and commercial hotels. $20;
pantry girl, country hotel, $20; fancy ironer,
$30 and found; fancy ironer, $25; 2 fancy
ironers, $10 week; plain laundress, institution,
$20; plain laundress, country hotel, *20; wom-
an cook for resort, $40, see party here; woman
cook for small hotel. San Rafael, $30; cham-
bermaid, country hotel, $25.
FAMILY ORDERS
2 Jewish family cooks, $25; many girls for
general housework and country. $15 to $25;
woman cook for ranch, see party here 9
a. m.. $20; woman cook for ranch, good home,
$20, fare paid: woman for 2 hours' work a
day, $7 50 month; bushel woman for tailor, $8
week.- C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st.
GOOD experienced waitress and do some cham-
ber work, for private boarding house; must
be a good waitress; no other need apply.
Call at once 1*32 Pacific aye., Alameda.
YOUNG lady graduate from high school to
check work and light bookkeeping in factory;
must be quick. Box 633, Call office.
ASSISTANT forelady, unmarried, for ladies'
underwear factory: state experience and
salary expected. Box C 32, Call office.
GIRL for general housework, San Mateo. Ad-
dress box 1609, Call office, stating wages and
references.
GIRL for general housework; sleep home. 3:V>O
Seventeenth st., near Valencia.
MAN or woman for general housework. in-
cluding washing; 2 in family; wages reason-
able. DR. F. H. PAYNE, Berkeley.
GIRL for light housework; small family. Ap-
ply at 1432 Post St., downstairs, to-day, bet.
10 and 11.
WANTED— Good girl "for light kitchen .work.
1300 Turk st.
WANTISD— An elderly woman to cook for 4 or
5 men; wages $10 per month; Swedish or Ger-
man. 500 Haight st.
WANTED Neat young girl to learn dressmak-
ing. SCHIMMEL & STOVE/l, 40S Sutter st.
WANTED— GirI 13 years' old to attend children;
Sleep home. 114 Welch st.
AN experienced shirt waist cutter and litter;
also maker. Apply 1001 Market St.
WANTED Operator on fur machine. Alaska
Fur, 963 Market St.', near Sixth.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. 16.11 Post
street.
GERMAN girl or woman wanted for general
housework. Apply G37 Pine st.
TWO experienced girls to work in a pickle fac-
tory. LEWIS PACKING CO., C 25 Front st.
YO&7NG girl for general housework; small fam-
ily. 2003 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker: call at once, rooms
40-43, 1226 Broadway, Oakland. 12 to 4.
LADY under 2S as working housekeeper and
assist in office; permanent. Address M. DAY,
P. O. Station C, City.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup,
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
AT the Women's Educational and Industrial
Union, 7 Van Ness aye.. English, French,
German, Spanish, mandolin, violin, guitar,
pain;. elocution, hairdresslng, manicuring,
dressmaking and millinery taught for $1 30 j
per m»nth; singing and cooking' taught for ;
Jl per month, female help supplied. \
VISIT the McDowell Dressmaking and Millin-
ery School and you will find the most relia-
ble and successful school on the coast; dress-
makers and sewing girls given positions ,r e: '
patterns cut to order. The McDowell. 103 Pfst.
WANTED — Experienced lady who understands
making alterations on ladles' and children's
garments and take charre Of work room; no
"one need apply unless with good reference
and thorough experience. 840 Market st.
WANTED A . girl for plain, housework ami
cooking: no washing or baking; wages 410
280S Twenty-fourth st. . bakery.
GIRL for country. 14 to 10. to look after baby.
117 A Bartlett st.
GIRL for grown children and second work. Ap-
ply 156 O'Farrell St., from 9 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— GirI tor general .housework In
suburban town: wages, $12. Box 950. Call.
Al PUPILS for select miliinery school: trad»
thoroughly taught: plenty work: F.-nlsfaction
guaranteed : terms easy; evening class-*. 506
pa v»n worth ft.
EXPERIENCED shirt operator*: best price*:
Fteadv employment. Eazteson Co . RSj Mark" t .
HISLI* WAVI'KIJ— MALM..
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M i
3378 men and boys $93 to $15 and found
12 haymakers, different places, $1 25 day and
found; S3 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
for different places. $30, $26, $25 and $20 and
found; IS milkers for different dairies. $!".
$25 and •-" and found; 16 choremen . for J
ranches, etc., $25, $20 and $15 and found;
2 farmers an.i wives $40 and $35 and found
C fruit pickers, Santa Clara Co.
BIG WAGES
10 laborers, - hours, fare. $1 $2 day
6 laborers, 10 hours, tare $1 $2 50 day
12 laborers, San Mateo Co 160
12 4-horse teamsters, fare }1 30.. 542 and found
12 laborers for Government work
CARPENTERS and Mine Help
S carpenters, city and country jobs. $2 75 day;
2 more carpenters, 10 months' job, sawmill,
$2 7" day
12 laborers for a large mine $■"
2 diamond drillers $110 day
.... WOODWORKERS ....
3 camp blacksmiths $45, 535 and found !
5 shop blacksmiths S3. $2 50 and $2 day
2 sawmill blacksmiths ....?40 and found
6 ranch blacksmiths $40 and found and $30
Young man as wood worker .. .$4O and found
Machinist, $2 50 day
BOILERMAKERS
2 bollermaki rs or sheet iron workers. $3 50
day, for a large mine company
FREE...TO EVERY It. R. IN CAL.. FARE.
Drillers laborers teamster.?
Headermen splicers and other help
Wanes. $3 50. S3. $2 50, $2 and $1 7.". day
Los ANGELES DISTRICT
Free fare, teamsters, laborers, J2 and $1 75
day.
FARE PAID
....TO THE SAWMILLS AND W00D5....
Foreman, woodsmen Sticker hand
2 setters. Steam's blocks.... in bark pe*lers
12 lackscrewers IS timber fellers
2 log fixers : 3 redwood peelers
3 spool tenders ..; 26 crosscut sawyers
Shingle Jogger 3 screw turners
155 laborers for mills, yards, woods, etc,
wages run from $00 to $26 and found: 189
woodchoppers, tools found, $2 50 to $1 cord;
2G4 tlemakers, tools found, fare paid, 8c to
12c each
IN SAN FRANCISCO
24 two horse teamsters. $1 7.'. day and $26 and
found; 36 laborers, different classes of work.
$30 and found, $26 and fcm nil and $1 75 and $2
day > > ' '
4 stablemen, different jobs, $25 and $20 and
found ••
. .. . .'.' . GARDENERS AND CHOREMEN . . . . . .
Gardener, Catholic, private place.. .s3o and fd
Man to milk 10 cows and do chores, private..
."...$25 and found
Choreman, no cows, no horses, private
$15 and found
MURRAY is.- READY, C 34 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE ..........S. P. R. R.
Coast Division, via Third and Townsend sts.,
9 a. m. Tuesday
We ship #
Drillers Office fee $1
Hammermen Office fee $1
2 and 4 horse teamsters...... Office fee $1
Stonemasons :.".'.' ..Office fee $1
Laborers, etc ..Office fee $1
Wages $3. $2 .'O, $2 2.-.. $2. and $1 75 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and. 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS ..... LAUNDRYMBN
5 hotel cooks and 5a100n5.. 550, $40. $30 and fd.
3 ranch cooks. 7 men only $25 and found
3 mine and cam] c00k5. .60 and $40 and found
3 second and third cooks..s4o, $30 and $25 and
found
French second c00k.....' '40 and found
2 cooks .'or springs, part fare paid; 8 waiters,
different Jobs, $80, $25 and $20 and found
Polisher, country laundry : $55
Laundrymnn for springs* hotel ; ...
2 plnln and camp waiters $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 684 and 636 Clay st.
BAKERS .... PORTERS ...DISHWASHERS
3 bakers' helpers and assist, $30, $25. $20. $18
and found; also boy to deliver bread. $15
and found ' :'..." .'.
3 hotel porters, good hdtel Jobs .'
27 dishwashers, different jobs. $25. 120 and $15.
MURRAY & READY. «S4 and 638 Clay st. •
BOYS FOR SAN FRANCISCO..
2 to learn blaeksmithing. 1 to learn baker.
2 to learn other trades, $3 week and $S and
found; boy around hotel, $3 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 036 Clay st.
WANTED— more miners who can run power
drills, for one of the best mines west -of the
Rocky Mountains, $3 50 a day, a year's work,
. part fare advanced for good men; no company
boarding house or Ftore: see boss at our office
Monday: .men go Wednesday; if you want a
good situation now is the chance to .stcure
it. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED -Night cook for part of night; $8 per
week. 680 Fourth st. ,- ■ ■" -.--.
$10 DAILY; introducing . new. gaslight „ burner
for kerosene lamps; rample free. 'Perfection
Gaslight Burner Co., L. 13. 147, Cincinnati, O.
Hi: Li 1 WANTED- Con tinned.
TO-DAY SUNDAY ■ TO-DAY
Olflce open 7 a. m. to 11 a. m.
■ NO OFFICE FEE :
SHIP THIS MORNING
FOR THE COAST ROAD
FREE FARE — . — FREE FARE
Laborers, teamsters, tunnel men and rock
men. $1 75 to $2 50 a day.
50 MEN WANTED ■
C..R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
S. P. COMPANY WORK
. . FREE FARE :
. rFOR LOS ANGELES COUNTY
20 track layers and laborers. |
Free fare — -Fee $1
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. ;
SECOND cook, Lake Tahoe, $50; second cook,
Santa Cruz, (60; second cook, springs, $45;
second cook, hotel, city, $50; second cook for
a cafe, $45; cook, email country hotel, $30;
cook, $10 a week; night potwasher, ;i0; 7
dishwashers, $25; 5 dishwashers, $3 a week
and $20 and room; potwasher, country hotel,
$20; 2 dishwashers, country hotel, $20.
Working head waiter, mining town, $30 and
fare advanced; night waiter, oyster hou3e,
&0; night waiter, country restaurant, $30 and
room; waiters, $25.
Hell boy_ with references, $15 and found;
bell bey, $12; porter, family hotel, $15. C.
It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COACHMAN and Indoor servant, horses kept
In livery stable, $30 and found; fireman, hotel.
$20 and found; hostler, livery stable, *3J and
lound; farmer and wifi?, $40 and found;
milker, $25; 15 farmers, $1 a day and board
and $25 and found; woodsmen— 2 fellers, Ml.;
crosscutters, $35 and found; laborers an-1 pil-
. ers. $20 and found and $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN A: CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— In a wholesale commission house,
experienced business man to take charge of
•the principal part of business; no other need
apply; state age. experience and wages. Ad-
dress box 1612, Call office.
WANTED— Grocery clerk with good references.
Box 538. Call office. /
COAT maker; country; steady; $18 per week.
Call 10 .i m., 226 Kearny .-l
EXPERIENCED man nurse for societies; night
work preferred; references. Box 1033, Call.
WANTED— SchooI supply salesmen who have
handled charts and general supplies to corre-
spond with the Diamond Publishing Co.,
Minneapolis, Minn.
GOVERNMENT Positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of Information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist in light work; mutt have $125 cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week. WEST-
KKN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 good men. Apply at 22 Post St.,
from 7:30 to 8:30 p. m., sth instant.
YOUNG man as cutter in ladies' underwear
factory. BAUER BROS.. 547 Market st.
STRONG boy to learn trade. Call after 10
Monday, Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.
WANTED— roaster; give reference,, ex-
perience and wages expected. Box 530, Call.
YOUNG men and ladies 18 years and over wish-
ing employment call at at Hlllsdale. 33 Sixth
St.. bet. 11 and 2, room 21.
\\ \XT>:;> A -mart boy. Apply to MISS Mc-
DONALD," 207 2d St., Favorite Restaurant.
To tailors Wanted, first-class cutter Imme-
diately. J. (JORDAN, 1124 Market st.
BOY, not under 15, wanted; one not afraid of
work; must live with his parents; wages $12
per month. Address box 094, Call office.
WANTED A eood blacksmith's helper. 316
McAllister st
WANTED potwasher and dishwasher im-
mediately. Apply at 24 and 2i; Ellis st.
BAKER wanted. 118 Ellis st.
CAKE baker wanted; call early. 142 Eleventh
street.
WATCHMAKING— Young ladles and. young
1 men wanted to learn trails. Box 517. Call.
EXPERIENCED clothing cutter on ready-
made goods. 20 Sansome st.
WANTED— Good shoit-crder cook for Wads-
worth, New; $30 per month and found to be-
gin with. Address box 310.. Call office.
AMATEUR musicians to join band for social
purpose. 328 Bush st.. second floor, room 4.
COMPETENT drug clerk; must have the best
references. Address box 511, Call office.
RETAIL furnishing goods salesman for the
city. EAGLESON A CO., 5.'.". Market ft.
TO go this week — 500 pairs men's shoe?, some
nearly new. from 60c to $1 50; new shoes,
Slightly damaged half price. .'62 Mission st.,
Ix ' Ist and -'I sts.; open 5 a. in. .to 9 p. m.
COAL miners accustomed to -itching veini can
find f-tendy work nt good wages nt th* Te»!a
coal mines. Alarr.eda County Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during th*
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching vein*
ere not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN .IOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. U. Nor-
ton, i-uperlnterdent.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on th-» Valley
road; apply, at Stone* ramp nea- Gtant sta-
tion: wages. $1 75 to $1 "0: also flrst-c!a»« j
tunnel men: nnply nt Point Richmond: wages
II 75. $2 and $2 60 E. H STONE f;an Pab'.O
MEN wanted — Laborers, drillmen nnd team-
sters on railroad work: blankets and beddlns
free: fare from Onkdalc to Sonori* free. Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCK MAN. 802 Montgomery st.
WANTED— laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still i
rung Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 lure*
rooms: 25c per night: !! to $2 per week.
WANTED 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night. 60c to II per wk. 103 New Montgomery.
MEN to work about steam shovel; also track-
men, dumr>men and trainmen, for Point
Richmond .TAMES A. McMAHON, 210 Spear.
J BUSH. 421, above Kearny— Choice rms.; gas
and stationary washstand: 15c. 2."c tip.
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent: koo<J sal-
ary: references required : *tut= experience.
Apply box 7S4>\ Call office.
ANTED— 4 camp blacksmiths for general
work. Apply to K. R. STONE. Elmhurst.
WANTKD— 2O pick and shovel men at Devlsa-
dern »nd Broadway, city.
••-An' >(!> i'i-i ordinary .•eamen lor roa»l dill
AtK-trnlii •' HKKMANH, 2« Steuart nt.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. K.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13SH Eighth St.
?00 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell.Cth and Howard: read. rm.
ELLIS. 321 <P.OEeda!e House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; le-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
PENSIONS- J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
Hearst b!d«;.. Third and Marit»t. ;
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
in' H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 11«4.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, X63V4 Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED- Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico end Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. Mf-r.06 Davis St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus »nd baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due Inborer3 and
clerks Knox Collection Agency 1'? Suiter it
AGENTS WANTIBD. ,
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents; salary ?7r, month*; expenses;
rapid advancement; unusually brilliant op-
portunity. Address, with reference, BUTLER
<t ALOER. New Haven. Conn.
AGENTS wanted— To sell Leshure's Adjustable
■ Lawn Mower sharpener: sharpens perfectly;
rapid seller; make $30 to 150 weekly. Ham'p-
den Corundum Wheel Co.. Sprlngflejd. Mass.
LADIES or gentlemen; for a small amount of
money you get a good article to travel with;
experience not necessary. Call at 30 Kearny
St., Sunday, room 22.
AGENTS — gas lamp for summer or
winter: $2 to $5 profit each lamp. Brilliant
Gas Lamp Co.. 48 Clark St.. Chicago.
SPLENDID chance for Intelligent woman to
represent Dels;i.-te Corset and Waist Co. 1104
Market St., room 10. •
SF.LL Mafic Heel Protectors pnmple 10c: also
Leather Lustre: sam, 25c. BROWN. 332 Bush.
rAKTNERS WANTED. ~
WILL crub-stake . a practical prospector to go
_to Lower California. Address box 1636. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED;
ROOM and board; Protestant family; 2 young
ladies, occupied during day; .net to exceed $4
a week apiece. Box 502. Call. . ■.■ : -
WAITED— SUM i.1.1.A ..i.ots.
WANTED— A direct current 2 horse power elec-
- trie motor; second-hand; state speed, make
and price. . Address J. C, box 1635, Call. R
A ANT KD Bitch in milk^^raise puppies.
2i66 Twenty-second St.; liberal payment; call
immediately.
WANTED— hire 100 Brat-class scraper team*
with harness and pead bans: long Job. E. B.
I ONE/ Elmhurst. ~ . , ;
TO trade— Hlgb-gxp.de wheel for young horse
to weigh about 1000 pounds. Box 302, Call. ■•
' MUSICAL. INSTKU3IEXTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as it purchased for all cash; bargains,
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets.. San : Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR sale— Upright Steinway piano In good or-
der; also Caligraph typewriter No. 3. 1900
Vallejo st.
UPRIGHT cabinet Errand, Connor; in use j
months; bargain. 403 Stevenson St.. cor. 3th.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos: $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
R. A . DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 30S to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, to 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A NEW Chickering and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's,
1010 Van Ness, nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
• rale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A-i!<s: UPRIGHT plan.. In tine condUlon; alv>
the famous Horruing Bros. 216 McAllister st.
:<HMKK, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. - ,'.uB
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
HOUSES.
40 HORSES for pale; also wagons, bugglea,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
IV Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chase & MendenhalL
successors Kllllp & Co.; saleayard. 1732 Mkt.
WANTED— Hack team: dark bays or blacks;
11C0 or 1200; cheap. Box 6'J2, Call office.
FOR Fale— lo horses and mules ai old Turn-at.
car Ftable«. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CAKKI-ifuES.
FOR sale— Cheap: light road buggy. Michael-
son's Stable, Ellis St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
lgO bid second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folscm 3t.
I<'OII A Lte—.UI. SCULL ANEOUS.
BOILERS, englr.es, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
ON sale Monday and Tuesday only, the follow-
ing: 4 coin silver American watches, $3 each,
worth $15; 3 14-kanit gold-filled gent's Ameri-
can watches, price $7, worth (18; 1 line seal-
skin jacket, price *■">, cost $200. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
A FINE "Pepper" cornet for $16; cost origin-
ally $45. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
COW for Bale. 230 Lee aye., near Ingleside
Coursing Park.
FINE "Wheeler-Wilson" sewing machine only
$S at 130 Eleventh st.; call Monday.
FOR sale— Pug pup; male. C. H., 459 Minna
street.
CENTRAL Eureka mining stock for sale. R.
L. CHENEY, &30 California st.
GEORGE STECK square piano tor sale at 2509
lifornia st.
PIGEONS wanted; 1 to 50 dozen; all breeds.
1016 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
BARS, back bars, mirror?, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN. 10r*-1019-1021-H'23 Mission at.,
above Sixth.
A —AN OVERSTOCK
St. Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market St.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies; best beer pumps; cheap; Iristallmts.
BRAND new $400 piano to be Bold cheap. In-
quire northeast corner First aye. and East
Twelfth st., Oakland.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission ft.
PIPE— IO,OOO feet: 3. 4. 6 inches, for steam, oil
or water. THOMPSON, 40 Main st.
TWO fine milk goats for sale. 1106 De Haro
St.. near Twenty-third.
GASOLINE engines, 2d-hand. from 2 to 26 H.
P.; cheap and guaranteed. 648 Mission st.
DRESS pants, 52 95; fine suits. $D 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
GASOLINE engines- l n. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3
h. p. ISO, 4 h p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
A— s:< 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
BECOND»HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission St.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. 516 Mission st.
BOILERS, iiie^, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN A; BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SAFES All sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $13; will
lit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
1-.OIJ4JATIO.NAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
baying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL — Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics,
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.
Fhorthand. typing. languages. English: 84
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALU'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post =.t.
ATRES" Business College, 723 Market St.;
i t-horthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week hnd mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60, Flood build-
Ing, S. H. TARR. Principal; pupils fitted
for all office work: course In bookkeeping;
rapid calculations unequaled: short t.me. •
DUVAL School Elocution and . Acting—
Duval Mark, well indorsed from New York and
Washington, D. C, Studio, Native Sons'
Hall; residence. 404 Ellis St., cor. Jones.
I WILL give singing, Spanish or piano les-
sons for guitar, banjo, mandolin. French,
German, bookkeeping or typewriting. Box
688, Call office^
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
I ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
est. 11-64. VAN PEP. NAILLEN. 93.1 Mark'!.
DANCING, ballroom, stage, taught private or
class. IRVINE'S, 421 Post St., near Powell.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing i
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A H>de.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
LOST.
LOST— greyhound 'dog. fore white paws.
I white spot on chest, black collar. Return
to Dr. Dillon's drug store, cor. Fourth and
Harrison sts. and receive cash reward.
LOST— May 27. diamond locket, monogrnmed
G. 8. , portraits inside: $10 reward. Return
to G. BARATY, 24 Sutter St.
LOST— of keys. Return to GEORGE H.
TAY. CO.. 51 First St.; liberal reward.
GOLD fob, buckle an.! locket. Return to G. A.
HALL, S. P. Co.'s .'building. Fourth and
Townsend Ets., nnd receive suitable reward.
LOST— setter bitch: tag 2362. Finder re-
turn to 400 Folsom st. and receive reward.
LOST A black chiffon collarette. Return to 231
Oak st. and receive reward.
LOST— A lady's fur muffler In Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland. Return. to 540 Brannan
st. : reward.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning works— Cleans,
moves," lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
3X and 40 Eighth St. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to • SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 .Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
SOO McAllister, St.. cor., Larkin. Tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter si.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet -denning Co..
4.'3 Stevenson st. : tel.' South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 1 Eighth st ; tel. Jessie 944. •
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
; Gate: carpets cleaned. 3c yd.: tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating : Works. 333 Golden
■ . Gate aye.: tel.. East 12<!. . ■-•-■"■'.'
.PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence^
1021V4 Market el., bet. Ctb. and ,tu.
PERSONALS. .
WEALTHY widower, heart whole and fancy
free, will make home happy and endearing to
appreciative wife. Banker, 1297 Lexington
aye. New York. ■
YOUNG lady of refinement desires to read to
invalid ladles or Gentlemen: remuneration,
25c per hour. Address box 1632. Call office. •
WIDOW wishes place as housekeeper or will
take "widower and child to board and room.
Box 501, Call. ■ '
BLUE-EYED girl baby for adoption. MRS.
DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
GOOD cook and housekeeper to a widower;
town or country. Box KU6. Call office.
WANTED— Members, ladies and gentlemen, for
Occidental Players' Club; legitimate and
modern drama. " Address box 1607, Call office.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica Hair Tonic possesses
the quintessence of excellence: unequaled; 35c
bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S hairdressing parlors still lead In
popularity: 25c only; hair rolls, 10c; longest,
3."c; switches $1 up: Foamo Shampoo. 5c
package. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed, $1 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEY, 511 Sacramento St.; Main 1536.
A— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
GENTLEMEN'S sewing •or mending at 271
<>' Parrel] St., room 12. . ■••
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
IF ARCHIE MORRISON, formerly of Wheat-
land. Cal., will write to his father he will
hear of something to his advantage. HUGH
MORRISON.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. Open evenings.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for. physicians, sur-
geons and- private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th: Guerrero st. car 3: tel. Blue 991.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI. 313 Sutter st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. '4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post st.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton st.
j DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye. ;
j separate ward for contagious diseases.
I A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. IMS Folsom^t.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr.Gordin.sl4 Pine. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $S:bed lounges
54 50: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. J2l Sixth.
WANTED— cold for manufacne. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24<> O - Farn»l!. bet. Powell * Maw
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 357 Geary St.; dresses made. $5
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.:
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
- life reader; medical clairvoyance; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton St.
MRS. SEAL, medium; tobacco habit cured or
no. pay; readings dally. 215 Jones St.
MME. DR. LA ROY. trance medium; posi-
j tively cures obesity. 15 Powell st., office 3.
i MRS. MESA FRANCES, independent slate-
writing medium. lIS Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
j Hon.. S; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
j MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
toller, has opened an office fit 315 O'Farrell.
CL.AI R VU YAM'S.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies. 60c; gents, $1; sit., $150. 1--; Turk.
WONDERFUL success of of Mme. Cllngman,
from New York: scientific palmistry an.i
astrologist; readings r.Oc and $1. 513 Tenth
St., Oakland.
MME. GORING, the powerful clairvoyant,
brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth st.
I MME. LENEMAR. 225 Mason, cor. O'Farrell:
by planets; pred'td rescue pass. str. Gold. '74.
M.ME. WALTERS, the great card reader: ladles,
25c; gents, 50c. 951 Mission, nr.6th;open Sunday.
MIPS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future: 25c. 14S 6th, rm. 12.
FORTUNES told by cards; ladies, 25c-. gents,
60c. 527% Post st. .
MRS. I. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
lOCS Market __ room 2. ,
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and IS, second floor. 865% Market.
MRS. MANDKNA. clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay. 234 V™ Sixth.
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post st.. room 1.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St.. rooms 1 and 2.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 35. Geary St., rooms 1 and 3.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1068 Market St., room 2. .»
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetlst and psychom-
' etrist; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c: Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St.. room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MISS MAY FOX, celebrated card reader. 304
Sutter ►_ ■
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to 885V4 Market St., rooms 8-9.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reeding. 417 Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 2. .c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned reveaier. first
in her profession; never falls. 325 A Sutter st.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist anil
card reader. lIS Grant aye, r. 15. second floor.
' MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny «t.. r. 34: French and English spoken.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914O!Farrellst-
-I'ALiMI-TRV.
MMeT'nEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
maine. 616 Geary St., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621: reading by mall, $1.
MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist, 916
Bush st., bet. Taylor and Jones.
YOUR fate is In your hand; scientific palmis-
try. MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market st., r. 30.
A— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist, 91«
Bush st.. between Taylor and Jones.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium; minerals
located; lucky days and numbers; palmistry.
319 McAllister St.
; ROOMING HOUSES IOK SALE.
IS-ROOM house on Third ' st. $375
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms ISOO
6-room flat, near Emporium 250
16-room house; worth $600 250
16-room house; on Sixth, st , 560
28 rooms; sunny corner; clears $200 1100
26- room house in Oakland: only 850
50 rooms; best corner In the city 1800
10 rooms: on Jones St.; worth $1000 500
14 rooms : on Taylor st. (good) 550
24 rooms; on Howard 5t.... 450
30-room boarding-house; clears $300 2250
1020 MARKET ST.. . " 1020 MARKET ST..
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market St.. ■ ■ 1020 Market st.
FURNITURE FOR , SALE.
FURNISHED house for sale of 10 rooms; $300.
GEO. W. H. . PATTERSON, 1706 Market st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton St.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED. -.-.-■
FURNTT*IXRE~'wanTed— Just opened a big store;
have no stock; give me a chance at once to
buy your second-hand furniture, carpets and
stove's. The Jensen Furniture Store. 79 nth st.
. SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine .supplies. 14.". Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bough. ?old. exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SIXES' CHANCES. „
F T?e!nUrl- Klondike Hotel property, real and
personal. The property is located at the c or
of Center and Coloma sts . in the AS
Placerville. county of El Dorado, btate otiMi
fornla. The property consists of.^"^mg
land and the large two-story hotel bMdlne
and outbuildings. The hotel contains a pwlor,
furnished; large >arroom and office, with . a
fine bar. back bar and bar fixtures, cash regis
ter and other furniture; also a fading and
poolroom, containing a new pool , table * t n ? ! t
style, and other furniture: also a large d nlng-
room. furnished with a lull supply of tables
and chairs; also a pantry containing lberal
! stock of crockery and glassware, cutlery and
. spoons and table linen; also a large Kitchen
containing a fine range, water heater, cooking
utensils, etc.; also a bathroom and patent
toilet closets on both floors; hot and cold water
! on both floors; also 21 fully furnished bedrooms
everything is first-class and can be purchased
cheap. Apply to S. E. SACKETT, Klondike
Hotel, Placerville. .';/ ,:'■ . __
A $176; FASHIONABLE halrdresslnj.' and
manicuring parlors; central" location; ciears
$100 month; owner leaving State. KREDO &
CO., 22H Geary. St.
$100; CIGAR stand near theater; clears $10*
monthly. KREDO & CO., 22» 2 Geary st.
$800— FIRST-CLASS day and night saloon north
of Market; good business location; disagree-
ment of partners cause of sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777 Market st. '
PARTNER: corner saloon In Mission; do-
ing business J4OO to $500 per month; everything
first-class. JONES & CO.. SB6 Market St.
BRANCH bakery and 4 living rooms; value in
sight; call early. $150. PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE. 1007 l ,i Market st., near Sixth.
BUTCHER.S.HOP, horse, wagon; cheap rent;
must sacrifice. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
CATHOLIC book store bargain this day. COW-
ING & CO., 993 Market st.
FRUIT store; great sacrifice; sickness cause
sale. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
jSCO — PARTNER in cigar, candy and notions
store In country: takes in over $40 per week;
can be increased 30 to 40 per cent; references;
expenses paid while investigating. Address
lock box 144, GeyservUle, Cal., .or at Call
office. . .
FOR sale— Small, full and completely equipped
sliver copper and nickel electro plating
works; rent $10 per month; exceptional oppor-
tunity for party with small capital. Box
1611, Call office. ■
$200— PARTNER wanted: light business; must
be steady, reliable man; $20 to $25 a week
clear- trial given: no experience required.
Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$600— SALOON; prominent corner; receipts $25
daily; owner must so East, hence this sacri-
fice. Saloon; this Is another snap: Inves-
tigate both. National Agency. 783V2 Market.
WANTED— Reliable partner with $300 for
profitable manufacturing; full investigation
desired. Call at 830 Webster, near McAllister.
COUNTRY newspaper for sale cheap in thriv-
. ing Oregon town; large circulation; job worK
alone pays running expenses. Box 535. Call.
DINING room for sale on account of family
affairs; doing fine business; investigate; no
agents. Address box 1613, Call office. ?
1 FOR SALE— Best restaurant south and close to
Market St.; cause sickness; investigate; no
I agents; direct. Box 693, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS country barber shop for sale or
rent; easy- terms. Address Elk Grove, Sacra-
mento County, Cal. '
FOR sale— Restaurant; good location; cheap
rent; receipts $15 to $20 daily: any reasonable
offer accepted. Address box 58. Call office.
ARE you looking for small well-Located good-
paying restaurant? 1 have It. Box 563, Call.
WELL equipped small printing office; part
cash, balance monthly. Box 1610, Call office.
BRANCH bakery, soda fountain, notions; must
be sold. COWING .<■ CO. 995 Market St.
FOR SALE— Horse, wagsn and harness. Call
301 Point Lobos aye.
GOOD opportunity t^ secure a good paying
blacksmith and wheelwright business; stock
and tools will Invoice $3000; shOD and lots
$1500; will sell for $1000 on account of falling
health; shop doing a business of $5000 a year;
Investigation courted; no ajrents. Address
Blacksmith, box 513, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store; full
stock; cheap rent: trade $20 per day guaran-
teed; investigation solicited. C. F. M 3ORE.
935 Market St.. room 4.
WANTED— A partner with $1500 to travel in
Central and South America: money tripled.
Apply to M.. 7"5 California st., room 24.
PARTY with $75, lady or gent, good scholar,
can loir, advertiser in a half interest office
I enterprise; pleasant and mutual; particulars
1 on application: principals only. Box 515, Call.
WANTED — Good business partner; must have
$3000; enterprise with $4000 investment; biff
returns quick and safe; no trlflers; references
exchanged. Box 945. Call office.
BARGAIN— SaIoon. 12 Seventh st., opposite
new Postofflce building.
SALOONKEEPERS, attention— sale; old-
established business. Particulars at 1514 Polk.
BARBER shop for sale on Market st. Inquire
at 112^ Eddy st.
AT bargain— Electro and stereotyping plant;
principals only. Box 951, Call.
A SACRIFICE— established fruit store-
good chance. 130 Eighth st. ; no agents.
GOOD paying shoe store; must sell account of
sickness. Call at 360 Third st.
BARGAIN— S3SO; saloon, neatly fitted, on a
leading street, near Market. Box 947, Call.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap. 254 Jessie
st . bet. Third and Fourth.
SALOONKEEPERS, Attention— For sale; old-
established business. Particulars at 1512 Polk.
1 CAN pay you $100 in gold coin every month,
for next 10 years if you will invest $500 for 8
months; principal and Income guaranteed and
secured. Box 40, Call office.
DRUGGISTS, attention!— Stock drugs: good
business: country town; sale cheap. Call or
address 154 Russ.
HOME bakery for sale; suitable for man and
. wife or 2 ladles. Box 31, Call office.
SHOESHOP must be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 room furnished: good prices. 332 Bush.
PAPER-COVERED Book Store. 1203 Market."
bet. Eighth and Ninth; a money-maker;
price $2500, and big value for the money,
FOR sale— Old established restaurant; cheap!
138 Polk st.
FOR SALE— Good paying candy route, with
horse and wagon; all In good condition. Ap-
ply 660 Mission st.
GROCERY and bar in Mission at Inventory;
owner going to Manila; cheap rent. Apply
1009 Mission st.
BAKERY in country town, doing good business
outside and Inside. Apply Call office.
IST-CLASS saloon. East st, Market; account
111 health. Lane & Connelly, 204 Market st.
$3CO— GOOD-PAYING saloon in business center
of city. Inquire Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes ' supplied from QEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
KOUTE en this paper tor sale. Apply thl»
r.ttlce. .
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO.. Tel. Black 3732.. 22% Geary
Money Advanced on Reasonable Rates....
21 rooms; elegant; clears $175 $2100
19 rooms; best block Geary; boarding 1600
.12 rooms: keeps 6 and clears $40 850
11 rooms; south of Market; cheap rent... 250
11 rooms; O'Farrell; very nice; clears $50. 750
11 rooms and dining-room: elegant 700
9 rooms; best for the money ; 300
6- room flat: Sutter st.; rent $23 123
For list call on KREDO & CO.
R. H: WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st! "
Telephone Mint 1595.
54 rooms: best sunny corner in city;down-
■ town: price.. j 3rino
105 rooms; corner; paying house i<>.>o
48 rooms; rent $75; clears $85 *.....- 1000
15-ROOM HOUSE. ON ST~
RENT . $3.- .
■ PRICE $250^
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$2500 BUYS 25-roorh house; cheap rent; list from
10 to 100 rooms: money loaned at 2 per cent
EITEL. 1016 Market st.
: BUYERS— CaII and -see our bargains before In-
vesting: we have houses to suit you; we have
3 houses to sell on easy payments; we have
houses to exchange. PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE. 10071,4 Market St.. near Sixth. •
i $100-LODGING-HOUSE; bargain; departure
I cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Mkt.
A SNAP— Furnished house, 11 rooms, all rent-
j ed; good tenants; nice income over rent-
owner has been established in dressmaking
business here over 9 years; now leaving city-
If sold In 6 days will take $200 cash. 11l nth.'
; MUST be sold before June 6; house of 11 rooms
furnished for housekeeping: all rented to
steady tenants; rent $25; price $200. ■ 100714
Market st.. room 2.
FOR sale— Lodging house: doing good business-
-18 rooms; selliog account of family trouble-
. no "agents. Call 303 Third st.
CORNER house of 17 rooms; all occupied and
well furnished. Box Kl2, Call office.
$300— LODGING house of 20 rooms for sale-
rent $25. 72 Jackson st.
_^_^ STORAGE. '
CA >V A «> BtoraK ' WarehouseTTCliMmirproir
la Mlbision. goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE «c TAYLOR, packing and storage nf
___m. * H. H. goods 735 Mkl. tel. Black 31°!
P Jv HCE "£ C _ X)LPH Storage and Moving Co"
I Office, 401 Post st.. cor. PoweUi *" "-!'■ infoCITY lIISAIj ESTATE.
<; H. UMBSEN & CO..
HEAL ESTATE AfJENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$:.-..000.
To. close an estate: MirMnn and running
through to another street; '30x160; present im-
provements of little Value,! renting for $12150;
tMs Is a real bargain; a short distance from
Third st.
Corner ou Howard st. ; price greatly reduced;
2 storrs and 1 flats; always rented; improve-
ments only about 7 years old; cost $15,000; rents
$1080 per annum; Suxl22:6.
$12.50 i).
Turk-st. business property: f> flats; rents $105;
£5x137:6; a short distance from Market st.
' $12,000.
Hayes st. and Ivy aye.. near Market St.; old I
improvements and lot 27:0x120; 2 frontages. •
ITOOO;
Geary n. and Myrtle aye.; 2-story and base-
ment house and 2 flats ami lot: double front-
age; near Franklin st; rents $720 per annum.
$6500.
North of Market st. bargain; near Taylor and
CaJiforfita sts..;- rents $7SO per annum- 3 •!■-
-tart nearly new modern flats of 6, 5 and "5
rooms and Oath each, eti\; large lot.
?62,10. . "
Corner on Hayes st. house of 6 rooms and
rath: could be enlarged to good advantage-
present rent.-. $30; 37:6x75.
$6760 OR $11,500.
Will sell as -a whole or in 2 subdivisions- .-i
tplendid Investment; rents <r.:i per annum; 6
rlegant modern new flats In the Mission warm
K'lt; one street accepted by th-j city; flats al-
ways rented.
. ?5500.
Thre? Hats on Ftllmore st. ; rents (540 per an-
num; 3 flats and lot; nearly new an 1 modern.
$3500.
Tn vioso an estate; rents $540 per annum; 2-
Btory bay-window residence and lot 26x96; imsl-
r.^ss location; should be converted into store
and flat.
J2OOO.
Two flats; rents $364 per annum; 25x5?:6;
Gr^ n st, near Hyde; street accepted.
$1600.
Two flats: very cheap; near Leavenworth and
Broadway; rents $216 per annum; 2 flats of 5 j
and 4 rooms and lot. ;
$1500.
Rents $216 per annum; a big bargain; house
In i tenements and lot, near Clay and Mason.
$11,000.
Very cheap; an elegant nearly new East-
lake modern residence on Fillmore st . the
cream neighborhood of Pacific Heights; fine
marine views; 30x112.
$3«0.
Geary st. : 2-story bay-window -residence of 7
robins ar.l bath and lot; mortgage $2000 can re-
main.
$3500.
Church Ft; 2-story house; larsre lot 64x110;
handy to Mlssion-st. car. ■
$3100.
Mission warm belt; a nice 2-story modern
residence of 6 rooms and bath, etc.; 25x114.
$1800.
Forerlr.pure of mortgage: no reasonable offer
refused; a very cecy bay-window cottage of
4 rooms and bath, etc.; near Castro and Mis-
sion st. car lines. l
$10,000.
P.-uific Heights; unsurpassed marine view; '
CS:S.\I37:6.
11250 AND UPWARD.
On very easy terms; we are offering the lots
at Waller and Iner st». of the German Pav-
ings and Loan Society; street work done com- I
plete; lots all ready to build on; terms one-
quarter cash, balance at 7 per cent.
$1250 AND UPWARD.
12 chtiiee building lots; very cheap; 11 sold;
14th and Henry sts. ; 1 block from Market st. ;
25x115 each; level, on grade and ready for
building: offered at very low prices, and, being
so nicely located, are selling rapidly.
$S'» AND UPWARD.
Richmond lots; iOth aye., C and D sts.: adja-
cent to the park; 23x120; on installments; $50
cash, $10 per month. Interest at 7 per cent; 25x
120.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
ords, which contains a list of properties for sale
in all parts of. the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT.
RESIDENCE AND UNIMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MONDAY, JUNE 12. 1*99,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1555-1590 Fulton st.. N. line, 50 feet E. of
Lyon St.. 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath,
brick foundation; etc.; cents $47 DO per month;
£5x100; subject to confirmation by court.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1030 Mission et. NW. line, 350 feet SW. of
Sixth st; bay-window house of 9 rooms and
bath, brick foundation, etc; lot 25x55.
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF P. BERWIN (DE-
"EASED).
1320 Golden Gate avis., N. line, 1.77:6 feet E. of
Pteiner; elegant residence, with large grounds,
garden, lawn, etc.'; lot •■> : .7:6.
BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
2720 Mission Ft. W. line, 116:9 feet S. of
Twenty-third; elegant cottage of 7 rooms a.n.l
bath, conservatory, etc.; lot 100x250 to Hartlett
Bt . to be sold in subdivisions.
TRUSTEE SALE.
2771 ■Twentieth St., S. line 155 feet E. of Do-
lores; 2 flats 4 and 6 rooms, hath, brick foun-
dation, etc., rents $2S per month; 23x114.
.TRUSTEE SALE.
21S Chattanooga St., W. line 200 feet S. of
Twenty-third; 2 flats of 5 and 8 rooms, bath.
brick foundation, etc.; rents $32 per month;
25x175. •
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
SE. corner Haight and Scott sts.. 3 stores of
4 rooms each, with cement basements' and 6
modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
cement sidewalks; both streets accepted; rents
$212 50 per month; 6S:'Jx72:6.
MISSION COTTAGE. ;
20 Diamond st., W. line 174 feet S. of Seven-
teenth; new modern cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, nicely finished brick foundation, etc.;
£4:10x125; mortgage of $1200 at 6^ per cent can
remain.
MISSION COTTAGES.
1523.' 1525 and 1527 Sanchez st, E. line 26:6
feet.S. of Valley st, 3 cottages of 5 rooms and
bath each,' large basement; rents $13 eachTas
a whole or separately.
MUST BE SOLD. -
523 Noe st, E. line H 1 :9 feet S. of Sixteenth;
flat of 5 rooms and bath and lower portion used '
as a blacksmith shop; 25x100. , .
PACIFIC ST. INVESTMENT.
1417-1419 Pacific St., S. line 157:6 feel W. of
Hyde st., 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms, bath; rents
$20 per month; 20x73: ;
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
f.:6 Jessie St.. NW. line 500 feet SW. of Sev-
enth; frc;r.t and rear house of 5 and 6 rooms;
r^nts $17 per month; 25x75-.
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF P. BERWIN (DE-
CEASED).
Howard st.. E. line 225 feet S. of Seven-
teenth; 24X1H.
■CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
iISSj Bt -> s ' !ine so feet E. of Baker; lot
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
13r,6-SS-C'j Webster «., E. line 25 feet S. of
0 1- an 0 bay-window flats of I, 6 and 7
rooms, bath, brick foundation; rents $60; 25x90;
mortgage of $4000 at 6H per cent can remain.
For farther particulars apply at our office. !
G. H. L'MBSEN & (.0., Auctioneers.
' [ '14 Montgomery fit.
ON easy terms; milk ranches, chicken ranches, '
market garden - land!-, in ..lots or atres. In
the outlying portions of the city and In ' San •
t^'^o 1 -' 0 ,", 11^- IK;ar lh " county line. S.
DUCAS, 11 Montgomery Bt.
A-SSQ CASH, balance $10 per month, for cor-
ne.r of 4 lots near San Bruno electric rood-
all .complete for chicken ranch; good house'
Spring Valley water, chicken sheds garden!
etc.: no reasonable offer refused. S. DUCAS
11 Montgomery st. '
FOR sale— Unusual opportunity for purchasing
good modern house; immediate removal; 14
rooms: northeast corner Pacific and • Laguna
Rt«. Inquire of CHARLES C. BEMIS, 321
Montgomery st.
MUST b<; sold; good business property of three
stores and two houses renting for about $150 ;
a month under lease; lot 40x80 feet, two
frontages. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 6C7 r
Market st. ■ . ■ ■
GENUINE bargain; $lR00; easy payments; hard j
finiphed houRQ. 8 rooms and porcelain hath;
law fine chicken houses, stables and garden;
75x100; high fence and large trees; must be 1
pold quick; two blocks off Kentucky-si elec-
tric car;- this is not an old rattletrap place. I
J. J. EVANS, real, estate agent, 630 Market.
BEST bargain ever offered; an elegant dwel- I
ling., just finished, containing I rooms and j
bath, with finished attic and basement; on
Masonic aye., weet of Frederick st'
CITY lIUAI, ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
A. 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
«r™ ••■••- A FORCED SALE.
_ oo— Leavenworth st. bet. California and
sacramento; 2 bay-window flats, i. and 6 rooms
and bath each; rent ?12 50.
$o»jO— 'Folsom-st. residence, near Twenty-sec-
ond st.; tin.- bay-window house; contain.* 8
rooms and bath; lot 33x100; stable In rear;
mortgage of $4000 can remain.
$8600 Clay si . near Battery; 2-story brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70.
$7250— Corner on Clay st., near Mason; 3-story
building; store and 20 rooms above; lot 2^x7O;
under lease; a great bargain.
$300 CASH, BALANCE $20 MONTHLY.
$2600— 2-ftory bay-window house on Clip-
per st., near Castro; contains 7 rooms and bath;
foreclosure sale.
$1700— Hartford St., near Eighteenth; cottage
Of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
24:7x125.
-Must be sold; cheapest property In the
Mission: Dolores-st. corner; new residence of 7
rooms and bath; handsomely decorated; modern
plumbing, etc.; lot 83x90; corner. 38x66. vacant;
should be improved with stores and Hat:. ; Do-
lores st. is to be made a boulevard to connect
with the proposed Park Panhandle extension.
$6SOQ 1315 Mason st. near Jackson; lot 35x
137:13. with 3-story residence of 12 rooms and
bath; alto rear house of 5 rooms; stable for C
horses.
$3750 Rent $ l; 7: FolFom-st. corner; fine build-
Ings; all rented;. lot £5x112:6; a splendid inter-
est-paying property.
$7250 — 2 fine, handsome new Hats of 6 and 7
rev-mis and bath: best portion of Devlsadero st. ;
rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
$33. r i" Bevei th-st. corner, near Folsom; lot 25x
SO; cround rent $20.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at.
COTTAGE In Mill Valley, $3230; easy terms; or
will exchange ;'nr San Francisco property; in
best portion of Mill Valley, near station; .Mia
large corner lot, with good pottage of 6 rooms,
hath. etc. BALDWIN Ac HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
CHEAP LOTS- LOTS—
$1400— Another bargain; First aye., near Jack-
son st: large lot, .30x120; One elevated position,
commanding superb view.
SlftOO— sso each, balance $10 monthly: Third
aye., bet. California and Clement Bts.; large
lots; splendid neighborhood; you can build when
first payment Is made.
$450 each— cheap; 3 lots on 'Douglass st.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first; each 25x125.
$200i>- : -Maybe less; Howard St.. bet. Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth; 25:6x117:6 to alley.
$1475— Only 3 left; Frederick St., bet. Cole
and Ehrader; sunny, side of street; cheapest lots
in Panhandle district; 1 block from the Park. ]
$soty>— Sacramento st.. bet. Laguna and Bu- j
chanan' .\l"7:6; select neighborhood. >
$4750— Fine corner close to town; Page and
Lacuna sts.; 35x57:6; suitable for flats; all
Etreet work done. •' • . ■
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. .
GOOD INTEREST-PAYING PROPERTIES—
$11,000— Rent $90; always rented; large lot, 40:6
x 137:6, on Leavenworth st.; 2 fine bay window
houses; select neighborhood.
Chestnut st, near Mason; good 2-story
house; also 2 flats; lot 25x137:6.
-Modern cottage; $200 cash, balance
monthly; Eureka st., near Nineteenth; up to
date;' contains 5 rooms, porcelain bath, etc.
PLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
$l!4ort— Connecticut st.,- near Twentieth; 2 Hats
of i rooms end bath each; always rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. '
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St."; oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
15000- A rare chance on Fulton' St.; only ' 3
blocks from the CHy Hall: a 2-story house of 7
rooms and stable; lot 27:6x137:6.
$550*>-!-A nearly new double flat of 5 and 6
rooms at entrance to Golden Gate Park and
Frederick St.
$2400 each— 2 double flats of 9 rooms each, near
the corner of Sixth and Bryant sts.: rent $25 ea.
$5000— Folsom st., near Fifth; nice double Bat
6 and 4 rooms and bath; rent $32. •
Several fine properties on McAllister st.
$7500— A big bargain; only 2 blocks from
the City Hall, on a coming business street, in-
Bide Van Ness aye.; good house, 10 rooms'; lot
27:f1x120.
(10,000 -Should not .be missed; an excellent
double Hat of 6 and 7 rooms each; only 2 blot
from City Hall; lot 25x137:6.' •
Splendid chance 011 O'Farrell st., nenr
Taylor: good. 2-story; lot 25x80.
— Excellent corner; Geary st., near Tay-
lor.
$10,000 — Three excellent 2-story bay-window-
houses on Haicht st., 3 blocks from Market;
lot 55x137:6; rent $75.
$25.000— Rent $188; offered low to settle an
estate; fine business proposition on Larkln st.,
south of Geary; large lot; substantial 3-btory
bay-window house, 2 stores and )> Hats of 6/ 5
and 4 rooms each
$25,000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest cor- ;
ncr, Csx]oO feet;. Improvements of 3 tores and .1
flats' above and 2 cottages, ail renlc-d; there is.
a fortune in this property.
JM.d.-O-Mission ft., near Sixth; lot 4">xSo feet,
with - 10-room houses, which should be raised
and stores put under to make it one of the best
paying properties.
RUSSELL - &~SURRYHNE,
Real Estate Agents, Rent Collectors and
Insurance Brokers,
US Montgomery' st.
$21. 500— improvements; corner on Page
st. ; produces $175 per month.
{4,.»; -Big bargain; Green St., near I-irkin; 2
good flats; lot 34:fix110:6; must be sold.-
-$7250— Two fine flats; Devlaadero st., near
Golden Gate aye. . rents $60 per month. : ,
llSOo— cheap lot; Bush st., near Devlsadero;
24x88; street work all done.
$1350— Clinton Park, near Market st; lot 2.".x
75.
$4250— Three flats; rents $43 per month; brick
building; South Park.
$4750— Leavenworth st.. near California; house.
9 rooms and bath; lot 22:11x50.
$4250— McAllister st.; nice cottage, 6 rooms
and bath; lot 42:9x137:6.
$600i>— page St.; 2 fine flats renting for $52 50
per month.
$4100— A bargain: Bryant St., near Third;
house, 10 rooms; lot 33:10x50.
HENRY H. SCOTT CO..
REAL ESTATE,
IS POST ST.
Fine largre corner, 2 block* north of Market
st. ; must be sold; a fine opportunity.
$1500— Very low; 50x107:2; Sacramento .St., near
Locust;' cheap at $1750.
$7500— Splendid residence off Fell St., only 150
feet from the park; strictly modern; can pay
$2000 cash, balance 6V4 per cent.
$5000 to $7000— Choice flats in Western Addi-
tion; pay 10 per cent net.
Fine Pacific aye. and Broadway .property.
Houses built to order on easy terms on ma-
rine view property. . ■ .
HENRY H. SCOTT CO.
A RARE CHANCE.
■ CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$21,000 *. RENT $150
TURK DOWNTOWN. i
60-foot front; by changing into stores would
rent for $260; offer wanted; see this at once.
$8000 '. RENT $77 60.
Splendid business corner; dry goods store,
fruit etore, 2 fine flats; built but 4 years; fine
cellar and cement floor; must sell; don't miss
this chance. - '
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
• ' 20 Montgomery St.
BUSINESS PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Near California and Devisadero sts.; lot 27:6 x
137:6; with flat of 5 rooms, bath, etc:, above.
A large store and home; newly painted; new
stone pavement, etc., for $4600: the. best bar-
gain to be had. Apply to JULIAN SMITH,
real estate agent, 420 Montgomery st.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS FOR SALE.
Two flats of 6 rooms and bath each; well
built; good condition; smooth street, stone
pavement and walks; Iron fence; belongs to
non-resident: must be sold quickly: price $4500.
Apply to JULIAN SMITH, real estate agent,
420 Montgomery st.
$1000— A COMPLETE little home at Ingleslde;
$50 down and $14 per month.
$1100— Sunnyslde; an elegant little cottage
en your, own terms.
Call and see us In regard to some Marln
County property. We can make special prices
on our specialty homes on easy terms :
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Room 2, ground floor, 222 Sansome st, city.
$12 CO A MONTH
$12 £.0 a MONTH . , * v -
sl2 60 A MONTH
Buys a brand-new 4-room bay-window and
bath cottage and lot, exactly 1 block from Mis-
sion and Twenty-ninth sts.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$873— FOR sale cheap on account of removal
from city, a new house and lot; lumber first-
class; brick foundation; 3 large rooms; large
■basement can be altered to living rooms; i
laundry; beautiful location;, protected from
• the wind;" I' block from- San Bruno Electric I
Road: a mortgage of $300 can bo 'transferred
•1 desired; also furniture tor sale cheap; lots
in vicinity worth $350 to $450. Further Infor-
mation by GEORGE RYAN, at grocery, cor.
Twenty-eighth and, Alabama sts., S. F.
$3000 CASH— Reduced from $4500; 60-foot lot;
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
«ts • 2-story building, store and flat; a big
buy will sell at above figure if sold within
10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner. 454
Ninth st., Oakland.
CHEAP home lots near cars; $200 to $600; $50 I
cash balance easy; will build to suit. ThE
McC A RTHY CO., C 46 Market st.
$1700— IN warm • belt of Mission; house of 5
rooms and bath; lot 61x114. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON CO. , 1706 Market Ft.
4-ROOMED house; lot 25x100: $600. 63 East
Park St., Holly Park: Mission cars.
IF your ' property Is mortgaged . and -^ you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
CITY HEAL, ESTATE.
MADISON & : BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established 1655. 628 Market st.
Retail business block. Sixth St., near .Mis-
sion; always rented; large lot; -1 frontages;
paying big Interest on amount asked. . ,
Golden Gate aye., near Leavenworth st. ; 3-
story building, store and flats; paying good in-
terest; only 411,000.
Mission st., bet. Ninth and Tenth; 2 flats; can
be raised and store put under at small expense;
lot 30x87:6; a bargain.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7230; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
?,'2so— Cough St., near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6.
$2600 only for a nice J-story house in perfect
order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
■ 100.
$3500— Guerrero st., near Twentieth; 25x100;
two Hats, renting for $25.
$5000— O'Farrell st., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45xS0.
$2500— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 84:8x114,
Cottage and lot; Twenty-first st., near
Castro; 5 rooms and table 25x114; '
— Golden Gate aye., corner Lyon st. ;
store and rooms; 32:6x100.
$1500— Near Sixteenth and Church sts.; cottage
of 4 rooms and lot 26x70. • ■
Diamond st., near Nineteenth: 6 rooms
and bath; rents $12 50; lot 25x125.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000 Pacific aye., southwest corner Octavia
St.; 60x127:8.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 di 1 cent.
Gutter st., nr. Buchanan; 26:3x57:6; $8938. .
J2ooo— California, near Broderick; 24:9x!>2:8.
Eighteenth St., corner Diamond;. 2sx7s; .$2250.
Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 62x100.
■ $2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$lCoo— Filbert st., corner Buchanan; 25x30.
$1750— Union st., near Webster; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near .1 St.; 26x120.
$800 Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$800— Jersey Ft., near Noe; 25x114.
$M.n>— Twentieth St., corner Douglass; 30x110.
$800- Tremont aye., near Frederick st.; 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE. 126 Market si.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCES.
Just being completed; Buchanan st., bet.
Jackson and- Washington; finest homes ever
offered on the market; finished In solid ma-
hogany and oak; contains 12 rooms, attic, bil-
liard r*,m. w»tne room, heater, etc.", 7 man-
tels, special designs; dressing room adjoining
each bedroom. Full particulars at MADISON
& i:Ki:-s. 624 Market st.
O. F. YON RHEIN <( . . ~~
513 CALIFORNIA ST '
IMPROVED.
80x46:8— NB. cor. Post and -Stockton; SO on I
Post by 46:8 on Stockton; properly Improved I
will rent for $1500 per month.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington st ;
brick Impts; rents $180.
-Montgomery st.; 66 rooms; 2 stores.
37:6x55— Mason st., near Post; 2-story double
houses; rents $57 50; ?12,CH)0.
57x137:6— Pine St., near Larkln; old Improve-
ments; $10,500.
38:9x137:9 Union st., near Dupont; 2-story
brick building; rents $8< 50; $89 I.
20x80— Fourth st., near Harrison; store and
flat; $6800; sale urgent.
61x117—6 modern flats; rents $110; sunny. >
— Vallejo St., near Laguna; modern 2-
Story residence of 10 rooms and bath; $70"».
49:6x9S Second st and North Park lane;
12-ro : house; $7000.
57:6x137:6— C0r. Jackson and Adele place, bet.
Stockton and Powell; old Impts; $8600.
|. 25x83 Will St., near Valencia; 3-story house
lof 8 rooms and bath; $1300. .
! 45xM:6— Greenwich, near Powell; residence, 10
rooms; $50ti0.
22x65:9 — Pacific, near Mason; house of v rooms
1 and bath; $4500. ;
24:3x69:9— Green St., near Pow'ell; new modern
bay-window flats; rents $3S; $4500.
40x137:6— Chestnut St., near Stockton; 4 flats;
rents $35; $4000.
25x87:6— 24th St.. near Guerrero; - room house.
25x06 — Green, near Hyde; modern double flats.
20x76:6 Vallejo St.. near Powell; $4000.
25xl32:fi— Shotwell st.. near 24th; 2 flats; $3SOO.
50x20 — Lombard St.. near Stockton; house of
10 rooms and bath; $4000.
70x174:1— San Jose road, near Glen Park;
baune of : rooms and bath; $3000.
20x68:9 Bannam place, north of Green" st.; 2-
[ story house and rear bouse; rente $2-4; 11600,
2",.\7V— Shipley St., near 6th; 6 flats; rents ?35.
2.'ixS(i — Federal st. near Ist; front and rear
house; rent* $26; $2230.
2ri.\6o— Austin, near Van Ness; cottage; $2000.
25x64— Post, near Central aye.; cottage^ $l") 00.
. UNIMPROVED.
GO vara— H:»\'es and Lyon sts.
65x117:(i Church and 23d st".
•Florida St., north of l>th; adjoining
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
$0x71:10— cor. Polk and Lombard sts. .
24xSl:3— Cor. Fltlmore and Germania; $2750.
26x105— Cor. 22d and Nee bU.; $2200.
37:4<.4xl37:6— Greenwich, near Polk: $2000.
25xlO(i— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25:8x114 near Dolores; $100u.
36x120- 13th av-.. near I; $800.
25*120— 27th aye.. near <>; S2OO.
32:6x100— Cor. II st and 37th aye.; $115.
1-iots in Abbey and Silver Ter. Hd.
A PROFITABLE SAVINGS BANK— One more
family made happy by soiling them a home on
the Heyman Tract and relieving them of pay-
Ing the landlord $6 Interest on every $10
. monthly, and a new house at the same time;
modern: up-to-date; 2 more for sale for your
rent money. Ride to Twenty-second st. elec-
tric ■ ar to terminus of the Heyman Tract and
call at our new office on Hoffman aye.. where
you will meet mi agent, for information.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 13 Montgomery
Ft., owners und builders.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new '3-room
cottage near Holly Park near Mission elec-
tric cars; save paying rent. JACOB HEY-
MAN & SON, 19 Montgomery st.
$100 — LOTS south of Golden Gate Park in
block S2S, close to block 726; $10 down and
$2 50 per month. JACOB HKYMAN & SON.
13 Montgomery st
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST— OakIand suburbs,
near S. I.. 40 minutes from S. F.. l". minutes
from Oakland; home lots in sizes to suit;
f'.vii 1 ". feet, with a new modern cottage, for
$ii?.O • a beautiful summer home); $50 down,
balance to suit purchaser. Further particu-
lars address JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19
Montgomery st., city.
$75— LOTS 100x115 in the Abbey Homestead, near
San Mateo electric cars; good for chicken
ranches. JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19 Mont-
gomery st. ■-.--■'.
HEALTH RESORT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
At the Ocean Boulevard, near the Cliff, in
Sunset Beach: we are prepared to sell lots
and build seaside novel cottages on easy
terms; also to rent cars to families or clubs;
location block -722. on 4Sth aye. and ..1 st.;
branch office established on the block. JA-
COB HEYMAN & SON, owners and builders,
19 Montgomery st ' - '
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON. 321 Montgomery St.
WESTERN ADDITION "BUSINESS INVEST-
MENTS.'
$25,000— WbclOO, covered with stores and flats;
paying 6% per cent.
$22,500—50x120 to rear street; stores and flats;
pays 7V4 per cent.
$20,000—55x120 to rear street; Page st., near
Market; old Improvements.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
$15.000— California St., near Octavia, north
side: 12 rooms.
$12,000— California Ft., near Buchanan, south
Bide; 11 rooms.
$8500 — Jackson st., near Devlsadcro, north
side; 9 rooms.
$4500— Butter st., near Fillmore; cottage of 7
rooms and stable. .
$10,000- Scott fit., near Washington, facing
Park; 8. rooms.
Also numerous other re«id"ncps, investments
and lots. HAWKS ,v SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
decide:
That you want a home of your own, then
we'll advance you the money to buy or build
one. The money that you .will save in rents
can be used to repay your loan. We charge no
premiums. . • .
ACME BUILDING AND LOAN ASSOCIA-
TION. 14 Post st. - ■
$7850— CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
Park view cannot bo obstructed; 10 large
sunny rooms; conservatory; most expensive-
]■ decorated; hot air furnace; all possible
conveniences. Apply to ALBERT WILFORD
on premises. . cor. Fulton and Bhfader sts.,
from 11 to 3. McAllister or Hayes-st. car.
$2500— NEW modern Groom cottage, with all
the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 23x125; near corner Twentieth
and Castro sts. F. NELSON, Builder.
AN 'offer wanted; Green-st. flats, near Oc-
tavia; large lot; « and 7 rooms; all modern
improvements. MARK LANE,- Notary, 20
Montgomery st. • '. . '
$3000 — Northwest corner Twenty-third and Do-
lores sts.; r>ox&7! 2-story building; worth $4500.
G. B. M. GRAY, Owner, 454 Ninth st. Oak-
land. .
•C. C. I .KM is. Real Estate and General • Land
Agent,- 324 Montgomery st. ' .
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass sts. ; must be sold; 80x114
feet. ■'■ • -■ ' ■ .- ' ■
2800— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; EOx
187:6 feet. . * . . V ..,.;,
Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster; lot 30x127 :%\\ feet. . '
In Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150. with modern
house of 9 rooms.
IF you have /lots north of Golden. (iate Park,
west- of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on ?N. ■ Jr.GUNN; 110: Montgomery.
$1350— COTTAGE of 4 rooms and lot 27:8x100;
■ furniture included. Diamond st., near 20th. •
IF your property is . mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 'Market st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE CORNER.
$40,000— Large corner on Golden Gate aye.; few
blocks from . Market st. ; bank foreclo-
sure; must sell; 85x120.
. MANUFACTURING SITE.
$12,000— the water front at North Beach;
v' ■■>: two SO-vara, having a frontage of 700
feet; bank foreclosure; must be sold.
SNAP-PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Cheapest property ever offered in this
location.
17,000— 55000 can remain on mortgage at 6H per
rent; 50 feet frontage on Jackson st.,
near Laguna; improvements two cot-
tages; must be sold on account of de-
■ parture of owner.
OFARRELL ST. CORNER FLATS.
$6,ooo— Four flats of five rooms and bath; in
good condition; on one of the best cor-
ners on O'Farrell St.; street bltumtn-
ized.
. WESTERN ADDITION .RESIDENCE.
SNAP.
$s,6oo— Nice residence Of eight rooms and bath
on California st., near Pierce; elegant
residence neighborhood; ' convenient to
several car lines; must be sold; no
reasonable offer refused can arrange
terms.
WHY GO TO THE SUBURBS
WHERE IT TAKES AN HOUR TO
GET TO TOWN. ■
WHEN YOU CAN BUY FOR
$750— Cash, balance $2000 at 6>4 per cent, or
5 per cent off for cash, nice cottage of
six rooms and bath on Twenty-first st..
a few steps from Valencia st. cars;
street work accepted; nothing more to
pay.
REAL ESTATE 18 PER CENT PER AN-
NUM.
BANKS 3 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
WHERE?
$1,750— A three-story well built house of three
tenements, In good renting district, a
few blocks from Market st.
CHEAP LOTS.
$100— foot: on Page st., near Scott; street
bituminlzed.
$1,650— Ashbury Heights lot; a snap; near Park
Panhandle ; 25x107 feet.
$1,300— 0n Parnassus aye.; street work done;
elegant ocean view.
$150— Per foot: elecant residence site; unob-
structed marine view; lots any size to
suit purchaser.
«3 900— On Devisadero st., near Sacramento; 26
xllO; the only vacant lot in that lo-
cality.
$500— One-half block from Mission st. cars;
etreet work done.
We' hold our regular auction sales every two
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
' S2S Market st.
REDUCED TO $8600.
I A fine buy In the wholesale commission dis-
-1 trict; a brick bulldinc on lot 22x45:10, renting
for $70 monthly; good tenants.
-STREET FLATS.
Two flats of 6 and 7 rooms on Folsom st.,
near Twenty-second;' large lot 45x112:6; reduced
to $6250. .
RENTS $38— PRICE $3000.
Six flats south of Market St.; lot 25x100; all
rented; property must be sold.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. '
New flno 8-room residence] commanding ma-
rine view; large lot; price $S5OO.
VERY (HEAP.
Lots on Oak st., opposite panhandle; $100 per
front foot.
MISSION LOTS.
Five cheap lots on Oakwood St., .near Guer-
rero; 11000 each; offer wanted.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Seven-room house on Stelner st., near O'Far-
rell; lot 22:6x137:6; price $4500.
A BARGAIN.
Lot on Fourteenth St., near Market; 26x115.
SEND FOR OUR. LIST OF
ALAMO SQUARE LOTS.
PARK PANHANDLE LOTS,
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROS.. McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
SOL GETZ. * BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCK BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS for PARK lots.
ONLY $150— 5150 each,
OCEAN BOULEVARD Lots, SECURE ONE
QUICK.
BEAUTIFUL SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.
£400 and upward— Graded lots, near the only
Golden Gate Park. They have no equal. $25
down and $10 monthly.
Branch office Ninth aye. and H, st. Open
Sundays.
RICHMOND LOTS AT GREAT BARGAINS.
$750 to $930 each— A few choice cottages with
wells, near Misslori-st. electric car line; on in-
stallments. ' - ■
$100 Ocean View lots; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker Building.
GO out to-day to our branch office, 622 Stan-
yan St.. and we will show you some nice
properties.
1500 26x130; fine lots: street work done: on
24th aye.. near Point Lobos; $25 cash, $10 per
month; cheap and good.
; i.th aye. Boulevard lots; low prices; $5 cash;
$5 per month.
1800 Cheapest lot In the Mission; street bltu-
menized; York St., near 21st; cost $1200.
$550— Must be sold; 25x190; Masonic aye.. near
Epstein.
— 12th St., near Folsom; well improved.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$1250— STANYAN St., near '.'.rattan; 25x108:4.
$$50 — Corner Falcon and Romaln Bts.; 86:3x120.
$$75— Cor. Stanyan st. and Alta alley; <j4::-;.\
$127: Market Street Homestead Association,
1650 Montana st., 242, near Capitol; new I ' --
story; 6 rooms; lot 50x125 feet; Railroad Home-
stead Association. . •
CHAS. S. FISHER, 624 Market st.
WANTED—
Cheap lots ! near car lines anywhere in Sun
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate Agent,
630 Market st . . '
200x400— POTRERO block; suitable for" manu-
facturing or warehouse purposes; solid
ground. W. H. chim & CO., 118 Montgomery.
IF your property is mortgaged and you heed
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
LOT 25xS0; 10-room house; street work com-
plete; sacrifice: must sell next week. See
OWNER. 247 Turk st. .
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
David Bush Manager Country Department,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
San Rafael property for exchange for city
property; will pay cash difference; 9-room
house; modern improvements, with stable and
large lot, on Petaluma aye.
Colma— 3s lots in School House Extension
■Homestead at Colma, San Mateo County; will
sell as a whole at $50 per lot; worth .double
that price.
Hotel for sale— ln a thriving Interior town
and doing a profitable business; particulars at
office.
$1500— A nicely ' Improved place of IOU acres,
near Martinez, Contra Costa County; with
stock and tools.
$10 per acre— Fine stock ranch In Modoc
County: 2200 acres reclaimed meadow lain! and
15 000 acres fenced; Government range adjoin-
ing; will carry 2000 head. of cattle; good im-
provements. ■ •
$2000—21 acres, near Santa Rosa; with good
improvements.
$3000—12 res of navel oranges and peaches,
with good Improvements, In Palermo, Butte
County. •• '■■;■ : ■ .
Income producing orchard of 40 acres, near
Loomis, Placer County; good Improvements; at
a bargain.
340 acres, near Walnut Creek, Contra Costa
County; 170 acres In orchard with good crop;
balance In grain; at a bargain to close' an
estate.
Now is the time to buy country lands. We
have some of the greatest bargains ever eeeo
or heard of In the State. ■
Call for particulars. .
FOR sale— By owner; bargain. ■ '. .
Model home, located In. beautiful frostless
Hollywood; most healthy and accessible suburb
of Lob Angeles; reached by electric cars In 30
minutes from city center; fare, 10c; 5 acres In
full bearing lemon and navel orange trees, pro.
ducing abundance of fruit, which is ■hipped
to San Francisco market, . bringing highest i
prices, being choicest quality.
New 2-story Colonial house, up to date, viz.:
Open plumbing, range, hot and cold water, fine
bath room, porcelain tub: house wired. for elec-
tricity; new barn and carriage house; I shade
trees,: palms, flowers, etc., etc. ; abundance of
water for Irrigation; perpetual. water right and
paid for; income from fruit sales pays hand-
somely, on investment; owner engaged in mer-
cantile business In San Francisco, and interests'
are centered there. • • . . . .
Would consider exchange for . desirable San
Francisco or- Oakland i property.' ■ Address the
owner, W. B. GLJDDEN, -
129 Sutter st., San Francisco, ■ c.al.
NEW ■ rich land near city : small . and • large
tracts; 2160 acres sold to 120 families; 7600
acres left. For particulars of - immense crops
raised In. dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COCATI CO.. 802 California St.. 6. F. ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— Continued.
$12 AN acre— acres, 240 level; 1300 trees full
of fruit; on railroad, near Redding; house, 2
barns; plenty timber; a beautiful place; some
furniture and implements; half cash.
1300. $100 cash— l6o acres, 14 miles from Cot-
I ton wood Station; .fenced; house; barn; fine
place for hogs and stock; title perfect.
Only $2500, part cash— B4 acres, level; 30 in
fruit; 2 miles from station; nice house, barn,
chicken houses, windmill, furniture, chickens,
i wagon, buggy, yearling Jersey, all goes.
CHARLES W. POPE, 11 Montgomery st.
STOCK RANCH, STOCK RANCH,
10,000 ACRES, IN SANTA CLARA CO.
$3.75 PER ACRE. STOCK EXTRA.
Controls 6000 acres adjoining; 175 good
• springs; 70 water troughs; ■well fenced; native
grasses to carry 1500 head of cattle.
McAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery ft.
$1400—9 ACRES near Menlo and Stanford Uni-
versity; beautiful location; water piped to
land; large oak trees; easy terms.
$1600— 160 acres fine foothill ■ land; large
never-failing stream; plenty of wood; fenced;
small house and barn; exchange for cottage or
vacant lots and pay cash difference. W. G.
GRIFFITH, room 311. Hearst building.
$1200— TWELVE acres, all Improved, near town,
! Lake County; one acre strawberries, five acres
hay; family orchard; five-room house, etc.;
running water. ' . -'
$500—65 acres, hill ranch, near town, Napa
Co.; 120 fruit trees, house, barn, fencing, good
spring water, wood enough to pay for It. C.
F. MOORE, 935 Market st., room 4.
; A— s29so; 60-ACRE grain and fruit ranch; only
40 miles from San Francisco; new town; rail-
road and boat landing: 40 acres grain and
fruit; good barn, but old house; sold for face
of mortgage; place actually worth $4500. Ap-
ply A. M. SPECK. & CO., 667 Market st.
FOR sale— Cheap; only $350; 4 acres land;
fenced; good hard-finished house of 5 rooms;
cellar; barn; artesian well, etc.; near public
school; water rights with property. Address j
J. F. McACLIFFE. 75 North Fourteenth St.,
San Jose, i'al.
SANTA CLARA Valley— property; A No.
1 prune orchard, 14^ acres, in full bearing;
fine crop; cottage, fruithouse, etc.; all nece«-
shiy implements for drying; 2'; miles from j
Mountain View; 10 minutes' walk to nearest
station; $7000. Owner, 4034 17th st., nr. Castro. ;
I • FOR SALE— acres : bearing prunes at Los
( Gatos; good buildings in large live oak grove;
view of Santa Clara Valley and San Fran-
cisco Bay; finest place for a summer home;
spring water: good reasons for selling. Ad-
dress A. I. M., box 315. Los Gatos. Cal.
| LAKE County— For stock, grain, fruit and
poultry ranches, Improved and unimproved,
in vicinity of Lakeport and Kelseyville. write
. C. H. BOLLES, Kelseyvllle.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
! acre; choice lands in tracts of- all sizes; im- i
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
. FARM CO., rm. 27, Sth floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
EXCHANGE, cash, or land, my home, 8-room
house, barn, etc.; 3 acres; Glorietta, 8 miles
from Oakland; offer; owner leaving; cost
$1800. CAPT. A. JENKINS, North Temescal.
FOR sale, cheap — Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowlchan Lake. Van-
couver ' .and; unexcelled salmor. and trout
flfhlng and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON. Duncans, Van-
couver Island.
; FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D, HOLCOM & en., in Mont^rnory ft.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange; $4000: Alameda house for
ranch; $2500, Alameda residence and other
property for rnnch; $3500, Alameda residence
for city home. German-American, 34 Kearny.
i HOUSE and lot In Alameda; exchange for
llcrht paying business or for property In or
near San Leandro. Address J. 1.. 644 Pacific
aye.. Alamt-rla. ..
1 CITY property, best location on California St.,
to exchange for a good house In Alameda.
B. A., box 141. Call office.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— purchase house of R rooms and
Int. Western Add. or vicinity. Box 662, Call.
-
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission Bt.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Ftore, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1844.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
! ANY amount by private party on furniture and
piano?: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bide . ISO Powell st.
LOANS .made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgage* a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 58 Third st.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
ur.div'd int'ts. etc. Harper A Kreiger, 112 Ex-
aminer building.
1 MONEY loaned salaried people on their note?
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 692 Parrott bid*.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
miFSion: prlvwte. LICK. 116 McAlllntT.
1 ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKDA RIAL ESTATE.
nrroTTrA^<T~N?rfu^
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. — $1450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. $3000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements. •■ ■ •
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
620 Market St.. S. F.. Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
WE offer the following -special bargains:
$650— Bay-shore lot; Walnut St.; 40x125.
— Cottage, near Grand st., 7 rooms and
bath.
$2100— 6-room cottage, bath, gas, etc., lot 60x
150: San Antonio aye., near Chestnut st.
— Large 2-story. 6-room house: modern
■improvements; completely furnished; large lot;
Chestnut-st. station.
Lot 50x150; San Jose aye.; great bargain;
will build house to suit.
E. D. .TUDD CO., 1424 Park st.
■ $1500' WILL duplicate modern cottage of 5
rooms and bath; lot 85x110; street work and
| sidewalk. J. 'H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park.
< SNAP — New house. 8 rooms and bath; lot oOx
i 150: good location: 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to owner, 1612 Chapin st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR the summer: comfortably furnished house,
I r> rooms and bath, $20; without water. Box
,2. Call office.
. ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
1 HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: r-rlvnte. MRS FUNKK 141« Sth «t.
FRUITY REAL ESTATE.
' $750 — HOUSE of 4 rooms; 7 foot basement; brick
foundation; hothouse; stable; fine garden;
corner lot; three blocks from local train.
j Chicken ranch, 1% acres, with house of
I 4 rooms; barn; large greenhouse; fine well.
| windmill and tank; owner is going away and
i is obliged to sell: see this for a. bargain.
$1250— A sacrifice; modern cottage of 5 rooms;
porcelain bath; fine mantel; high basement: 2
: block from Fruitvale station; easy terms if
j desired. ,
: Chicken ranch of 2V4 acres with house of 5
! rooms; good well, windmill and tank: for rent
' at $11 per month; also for sale, 1 brooder
1 house, 2 hen houses, 3 brooders, 1 incubator, 1
stove, 14 chicken coops, 1 plow, and other Im-
plements; all for $125. If.
For rent, ' 2 furnished cozy cottages. 5 and 6
i rooms In the best location of Fruitvale. For
1 further particulars apply to H. A. PLEITNER.
' Frultvalo Station. Cal.. -'...■■ .
■ THESE ore In the land of Sunshine, Fruit
i and Flowers. •
$650— 550 down, balance $8 50 per month; new
4-room cottage; fenced: siphon pump; Inex-
haustible well and water; 50-foot lot; good
neighborhood... . - *
$750— 4 rooms; Just $200 better piece of prop-
erty than above; $50 down, $10 a month.
$850—1 minute from the' station. 2 blocks from
the electric car; $50 down. $11 50 per month.
I $1050— 5- mom cottage; $50 down, balance $15
! a month: nice place, suitable for chicken ranch.
$750 — chicken ranch;, desirable location; $50
I down. $10 per month.
For the following prices we will build you
a complete and modern home, right at the sta-
; tion in Fruitvale. From $50 to $150 down and
from $11 to $30 a month: . •
$850... Four-room cottage.
. $1030..;...... : Five-room cottage.
$1250 Six-room cottage.
$1500. ...'.:.....:.'...■.. ..5even-room cottage.
AH the above will be completed by your own
' ideas and modern In every respect.
Our office in Fruitvale is Just above the
railroad track on the left-hand side.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
Room 2, ground floor, 222 Sansome St.. city.
NEW, neat, complete cottage; big lot; little
money ' and ■ easy ■ terms/ D. PRATT, Fruit-
vale station. , THE McCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco. ' "' •
FOR sale Jor I exchange • for modern house, an
acre lot In residence portion of Fruitvale.
207 Eighth St., Oakland. . .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATK.
OAKLAND OAKLAND
THE AUCTION SALE YESTERDAY
A GRAND SUCCESS.
EVERY LOT ON CATALOGUE SOLD.
THE SAME OWNER HAS 50 LOTS IN AD-
JOINING BLOCKS.
THESE MUST ALSO BE SACRIFICED ON
' ACCOUNT OF MORTGAGE.
NO SIMILAR PROPERTY CAN BE OF-
FERED FOR THE SAME MONEY.
DON'T LET THIS GRAND OPPORTUNITY
PASS.
60 LOTS MORE AT THE AUCTION PRICES.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
903 Broadway. Oakland.
Room 16, Second Floor, Mills Building. San
Francisco.
$3600-NEW modern 2-story 8-room house; por-
celain bath, etc.; sunny rooms; only 3 blocks
to Broadway and local trains. ALDEN CO.,
. 902 Broadway.
4-A''HE chicken ranch at Fruitvale (a bargain).
ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
$1600— 15-ACRE ranch; only 2 hours' drive from
Oakland. ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
$27.*.— FINK corner lot in. Berkeley; near local
train for San Francisco; will sell or build
house to suit customer. ALDEN CO., 901:
Broadway. ■ ■;•...' _______
$90 UPWARD: $5 cash, $3 monthly choice level
lots, revised map Galindo Tract; nothing to
compare to these for double the money; grand
view; fine soil; In tropical Fruitvale. adjoin-
ing East Oakland; no fogs nor cold winds;
■ streets all graded; some macadamized; city
water and sewer and near a fine 3-story
schoolhouse and 3 lines of electric cars; nice
homes surrounding; build your home or we
will build for you: payment as .n« rental.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh st. and
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free:
Westall Tract, lots $39 upward; terms to
suit; Allendale Tract, lots $75 upward; terms
to suit; Galindo Tract, lots $90 upward; terms
to suit. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$700— HOUSE and lot near Piedmont: 5 rooms;
stable: lot 25x120. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.
25-ROOM lodging house. $000: rooms all full;
rent $30 per month. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland. ' '
6% ACRES; fine home; Contra Costa County;
horse, wagon, cow, chickens: all in crop;
$ISOO. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
LOOK— SI 23 for a fine lot in the Deering Tract;
electric car at Eighth st. and Broadway,
Oakland takes you direct to the tract; or
take electric car at Fruitvale local station.
H W. DAVIS. Sole Agent, removed to room
9. 906 Broadway. Oakland. .
ELEGANTLY furnished house of 12 rooms,
laundry, bath, etc.; very centrally located:
within a few minutes' walk to local train;
will lease for 1 year; $100 per month. GEO.
B. M. GRAY, 454 Ninth St., Oakland.
TELEGRAPH, aye. ; elegant lot; 50x160; taken
in under foreclosure; will be sold for $22 per
Corner on Grove st.; 50x90; cost $750; will be
sold for $10 per foot.
-Two-story house of 7 rooms; best buy
for the money in West Oakland.
Headquarters for bargains.
.TAS. S. NAISMITH.
464 Ninth St. Oakland; Tel White 842.
A POOR man's warning— The North Oakland
lot and building boom; work on the Ban Pablo
aye. electric road; the approach of the Santa
Fe Railroad; the proposed croi:stown electric
roads and new ferry— are positive indications
of higher real estate values. This week you
can buy a lot and cottage for $373 and up-
ward; be wise and don't wait. . ires? R. J.
MONTGOMERY. North Oakland Real Estate
Headquarters, 470 13th St., Oakland.
BARGAIN— Lot; Sixteenth aye.; street work
done; half block from street cars; near local
train; $150. .
Bargain— 2 lots; Fruitvale, near Alten-
heim : on street car line: $125 each:
Bargain— House, 4 rooms; 2 lots: near local
train; $600. H. B. PINNEY, 903 Broadway.
Airi.V TO
E. E. BUNCE.
908 Broadway, Oakland.
40 FINK LOTS FROM $100 UP. ;:--■/
Want railroad men or others to buy 2 nice
cottages I have near Eighth st., West Oak-
land.
FOR SALE OR TRADE.
Fine ranch of 66 acres; 20 acres in choice
fruit; half mile from ralroad station, 'in Vaca-
ville fruit valley; $7000; exchange for San Fran-
cisco.
NATIONAL bank for sale in good State; depos-
its 170,000, loans $69,000; good reason for sell-
Ing E. E. BUNCE, 998 Broadway, Oakland.
BUSINESS corner, 100x110; 2 blocks from lead-
ing banks; exchange for San Francisco resi-
dence. B. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland.
$7000— GROCERY store, 5 lots, house; exchange
for alfalfa land. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broad-
way, Oakland.
$r>CO— HOUSE of 7 rooms; lot 25x100; Cypress
St., near Seventh. W. P. RYAN, 960 Seventh
St., Oakland. :
$1100*— 5-ROOM house: bath; near trains; also 8
lots cheap. 562 Third st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
HOUSE Of 5 rooms and bath: all modern im-.
Pr furnished or unfurnished; fur-
nished preferred. 1271 Eighth aye., East
Oakland.
THE largest and best list of furnished and un-
furnished houses for rent In Oakland. J. S.
MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
PRETTY home in country; modern house;
large grounds, orchard, flowers; good board;
convenient to local trains. 230,'t Hurst aye.,
opposite NW. gate, University grounds,
Berkeley. ' ■ . .
ELEGANT rooms and suites near Lake Mer-
rttt, with good board, $20 per month; cars
pass the door. Address box 367, Call office,
Oakland.
UAhLAM) KUII.MTIIKE Kill MAL.JB3.
i AN Introduction to you from H. Sehellha&s. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
111.H1.1 REAL ESTATK.'
$900— $50 DOWN and $12 per month; 5-room cot-
tage; 50-foot lot; bath. etc.
$1500— $100 down and $20 per month; 6 rooms,
high basement; large lot.
$1200— No. payment down and $17 per month: a
good 5-room cottage, high basement; in Golden
date.
$2650— $250 down, $35 per month; 2-story 7-room
house; new and modern in every respect; unob-
structed • view.
We have others, all prices, from $600 up. Call
and see us.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Room 2. ground floor, 222 Sansome st., city.
SPLENDID residence lot near university; bar-
gain for cash. Address bo?: 53G. Call office.
HOUSES TO LET. •
houses!! """^ flats!
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
762 Post, 12 r $70! 979 Post. 8 r.......542 50
1220 Laguna. 8 r 33 1 US Webster, 7 r... 30 00
323 Slitter, 7 r 50 792 Lyon, 6 r ...';. 25 00
I+o7 Van Ness, IS r. 65,1024 Geary. 6 r 30 00
705 Ellis, 6 r .231 217 Elm aye., 5 r. IS 00
FIRST-CLASS house, 8 rooms; 3353 Twentieth.
St., bet. Valencia and Mission; newly papered,
■ tinted and painted throughout.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you. get from BALDWIN HO WELL.
10 Montgomery st.
METCALF place, 22, off Geary st., near Mason
— Very central; house, 5 rooms and bath; tine
order. . '
MINNA, 323',.. bet. Fourth and Fifth— of
6 sunny rooms: in good order.
NW. COR. Guerrero and Twenty-first sts. : fine
: house of 12 rooms: large grounds, stable, etc. ;
in splendid condition: 'warm; sunny place.
PACIFIC Heights residence— Pacific aye.,
near Cough; 8 rooms; servant's and store,
room; heater, etc. ; marine view; new plumb-
ing; newly papered and painted; low rent.
Apply MADISON ft BURKE, 626 Market st.
TO let— Cheap; 8-room house and bath. 139
Fourteenth st. • GEO. W. H. PATTERSON
CO., 1706 Market st. ;
TO LET— Turk st; cottage, 4 rooms; also 3
rooms .In rear cottage; large stable; reasonbl.
TO ' LET— 2-Story house with tine stable; 8
rooms and bath: water free: $35. 618 Fell st.
TWENTY-FIRST st., near Guerrero, two fine
. houses, 3356 and 33SS; 7 rooms; In first-class
condition.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— three months, artistic, shingled,
wood-finished house in Berkeley: beautiful
view: 7 rooms ami bath: reasonable terms to
reliable parties. MAPES, Berkeley P. O.
FURNISHED house for 4 or 6 months; Broad-
way, north side, one block on level grade to
Pacific aye. cars; new house an furniture;
10 rooms; rent $75. THOS. MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery st.
PARTLY fur. house;' modern conv'cs: 2533 Mis-'
sion st, near 21st. Apply rm. 8, Flood bldg.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large basement and
yard. 71S^> Grove St., between Buchanan and
Webster.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and barn, suitable for ex-
pressman or laundry wagon. 919 Capp st.
FAIR OAKS, 131— Lovely sunny 5-room cot-
tage: modern; garden; good location.
PRETTY unfurnished sunny cottage, modern,
of 7 rooms and flower garden. Apply 40 Dia-
mond St., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 • rooms; also flat 6
rooms, bath; cheap. 1876' Fifteenth st., near
Dolores. ■
BAT-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 11l Collins St., near. Geary. :
$15—4 ROOMS: large yard and big stable. 1805
Ellis st., near Pierce. ■'■■'■ ' .
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath.
Inquire at bakery. 3025 Sacramento, nr. Baker.
BUSH, 1207—3 flats, 4 and 5 rooms each, $20.
bath; 2 flats, $11. Apply 1211 Hush st.
FINE new flat, 4 rooms; modern: $16. Corner
San Jose aye. and Twenty-ninth st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HO.WELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT, 5 rooms and bath, $12. 33 Norfolk St.,
near Eleventh, off Folsom.
FLAT of 3 rooms and bath. 3313 Twenty-first
street.
FRANKLIN, 714, near Golden Gate aye.—
Lower bay-window flat: 4 large rooms; bath;
_ yard.
HYDE, 416% — Flat of 3 sunny rooms; rent $11.
JESSIE, 820i_. off Ninth— Flat of 6 rooms rea-
sonable to right party. \s
NICE sunny 3-room flat; rent very reasonable.
1086 Ellis st. '
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY flat; 4 rooms and bath; modern im-
provements. 3442 Twentieth St., corner Capp;
reasonable rent.
SUNNY corner upper flat of 7 rooms. lIS Web-
ster st., near Halght. __
THIRD, 417%— Sunny flat, 8 rooms, latest im-
provements, 2 front suites with bay-windows.
TO LET — new flats, 6 rooms and bath. 4138
Seventeenth St., near Eureka.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath, s 1 - Lewis St.,
off Taylor, between Post and Sutter.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath; reasonable.
5& Lapldge st., oft ISth. above Valencia.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry,
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Fillmore.
WELL furnished flat 4 rooms reasonable to re-
■ liable party. 1519 Polk st. : call for 3 days.
3 AND 5 rooms; sunny modern flats. 1227 Clay
street.
— 4 rooms, cellar and yard. 60 Chesley
!>t., bet. 7th and Sth, Harrison and Bryant.
4591, 4557 A EIGHTEENTH St.. near Hattie —
rooms and bath; $10 and $12.
FURMSHED FLATS.
McALLISTER, 1441— Handsomely furnished up-
per flat; 7 rooms and bath; reasonable to de-
. sirable party. Apply 9:30 to 3.
ROOMS FOll _OUS_tv_Ei'li\<J.
TWO large sunny rooms, furnished com-
. plete for housekeeping, $8 per month, $2 per
week. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission St.,
between First and Second sts.
ALICE, 5, bet. 3d and 4th, off Folsom — 4 sunny
unfurnished rooms; separate yard; rent $9.
AT 14A Geary— Large, well-fur, rm. for light
hskpg. ; run. water; $12 mo.; others $150 wk.
CASTRO, 644, near Nineteenth— Desirable fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, with bath.
CLEMENTINA, 707. corner Sth— 2 large front
connecting housekeeping rooms; laundry and
bath; $10.
EDDY, 305— Large front housekeeping room;
also single room; private family.
ELGIN PARK, 36—2 large sunny unfurnished
rooms; yard and laundry: rent $10.
ERIE, 47, bet. 13th and 14th— 3 clean conveni-
ent rooms for housekeeping; garden; rent $13.
FOURTH. 225— Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping; also single.
GEARY, 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and. coal.
GOLDEN GATE avp., — 2 sunny connecting
housekpg rooms; furnished complete; bath.
GOLDEN GATE. 404, nr. Larkin— Elegant front
bay-window parlor, double, furnished.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404 — Rooms for house-
keeping; reasonable.
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $14.
HARRISON, Pleasant sunny front rooms
for housekeeping, bath, only $8 a month.
HAVES, 114—2 unfurnished rooms to let.
HICKORY aye., 181—2 large rooms furnished for
housekeeping, $9. ■
HOWARD, 640. nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25c. 75c night; $1, $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 704. corner Third— Nice suits on
first floor; also housekeeping; rent cheap.
HYDE. 129—2 nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow, rooms, complete for hskpg. ;■ single, reas.
JACKSON, 3019— 1n elegant residence, 4 fur-
nished housekpg rooms; bath;. $30 with gas.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished sunny suite, com-
plete for housekeeping; also single room, $7.
JUNIPER, 44A, off Folsom, near Tenth—
sunny front room unfurnished. $3.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, . furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LEAVENWORTH. 515— Flat of 2 sunny base-
ment rooms; reasonable.
' LEAVEN WORTH, Sll— Sunny floor of 3 fur-
nished rooms for couple; $15.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet. $12: 2 unfurn.. $5.
MARKET, 1597 — unfurnished and two fur-
j nished housekeeping rooms to let.
i McALLISTER, 424—2 sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping: gas; grate; bath; $15.
j McALLISTER, 447. cor. Van Ness— Nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
■, MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; very cheap rent. '
MISSION, — 2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $10..
MISSION, 827—2 sunny housekeeping rooms, $10;
well furnished.
MISSION, 1125%— Nicely furnished front room
for housekeeping, $2 week.
MISSION, 2133—3 neatly furnished sunny
rooms; regular kitchen; bath; $14.
MISSION, 1221. 1 block from new P. O. site-
Nicely furnished hkpg. rooms: reasonable. _
NINTH, 111—2' bedrooms and kitchen con-
nected; bath; all conveniences.
NINTH, 113— Two sunny housekeeping rooms
reasonable. '
OAK, 117—2 or 4 large sunny rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
OAK, 119—1 sunny front room, furnished, for
housekeeping; clean: see this; $5. .
O'FARRELL, 529, near Van Ness— 2 clean front
rooms, complete: gas stove; $14 month.
I POLK, — 2 or 4 gunny unfurnished rooms on
bathroom floor; private residence.
SECOND, 130— Private house; nicely furnished
single and housekeeping rooms; $1 up.
SIXTH, Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath: reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 60—2 or 3 well furnished house-
keeping rooms, $7 to $12. -
STEINER. 603 — 3 sunny rooms: furnished for
•housekeeping, or rooms and hoard.
STEVENSON, 403, cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished
hkpg. rooms, complete, cheap: newly tinted.
SUNNY bay-window rtiom for housekeeping;
private family. Box 503. Call. ' '.""■.
i THIRD, 231— Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent $2 week: also, single rooms.
i TURK, Sunny bedroom and kitchen, ; with
gas stove, . complete for housekeeping, .$3 23
■ 'per week.
TWENTIETH, 3622, near Valencia— - sunny fur-
nished connecting rooms; bath: sink.
TWENTY-FIRST. 327"!. near Valencia— Sunny
furnished' housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry. . -.■"'■
Additional Classified Advertisements
on Page 14.
1314
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3337, near Mission—
front sunny furnished connecting housekeep-
ing suites. $S to $11; others.
TWO rooms for housekeeping in Sausallto.
Address MRS. O'LEARY.
VALENCIA. 223—2 large unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; large closet and running
water; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET. __^^__
A— SIT 'Kit, 717, .831— Furnished beautifully;
very choice ; reasonable; appreciated if seen.
ANTONIO, S'j, off Jones, near Ellis— fur-
nished room. ___________________
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath; rooms. 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton St.. "The Pup'— tur-
nUiied rooms for gentlemen.
BRYANT, 1674, near Third— Double front sun-
ny room; suitable for gentlemen.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLEMENTINA, 436Vi— Front sunny bedroom;
furnished suitable tor 2 gentlemen.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 473— Bright, sunny room; well fur-
nished; rent lew. . .
EDDY, 72S— In new modern flat, dressing room
attached; hot and cold water; use of bath;
no other roomers; gentleman.
EIGHTEENTH, 4021. above Castro— To let. by
elderly widow, a little furnished eunny room
for ?3 per month, with board if desired.
ELLIS, Fine suite, $18; large room, $12;
single, $6.
FELL. 26. near Market— Two rooms, running
water: suitable lor gentlemen: reasonable.
FIFTH. 353— Clean sunny large furnished room,
$7; also single, $5. _^_
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely furnished
sunny front room; runnlnc water; private
family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SL\ corner Seventh nnd
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE." 42— Sunny front room, with uee of
liath, $5 per month.
HANCOCK House. -SI Mission— Select family
rocmine house: 11 50 to $6 per week.
HARRIS* 7S4'i— Finely furnished eunny rms. ;
bath: all conveniences; homelike; $1 week.
HOWARD. 529— 2 nice housekeeping rooms. S10;
ulso front room with piano, $— ; others cheap^
iIOWARD. 1052— -... c sunn, bay-window front
parlor; also back jiorlor; oheap.
HOWARD, 1072—4 sunny rooms and bath.
JESSIE. Sl2, near Ninth— A large sunny front
room; nicely furnished.
KEARNY, 425—2 connecting room, with piano,
•.•heap; also single rooms.
LANGTON. 15, near Seventh and Howard— Cot-
tage, 3 neatly furnished rooms, housekpg., $10.
LKAVENWORTH. ."10— A nice sum ■■ furnished
room in private family, $(> a month.
MARKET, 1035 Front suite, first or second
floor; also light housekeeping rooms.'
MASON, 225 — NicWy furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, s'.ngle and double; transient.
MINNA. 232— Sunny front room completefy fur-
nifhed for a tailor.
MINNA. 667, cor Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, KKVs— Handsomely furnished sunny
bay-windovr room; front; first flat; also
housekeeping.
MISSION. Large sunny room, running
water, grate; also single, $5.
MISSION^ 1221— Newly furnished sunny front
bay-window room, $8; single rooms, $4 and $6.
MISSION, 24G0— Larse sunny front room newly
furnished; suitable for 2 gentlemen "or couple;
terms reasonable.
MISSION, 3406' i. near Thirtieth— Nice sunny
front bay-window furnished room.
KATOMA; 4461i— 1 large and one small sunny
front room furnished.
KATOMA. 4C9H— Nice furnished rooms sult-
ble for 'housekeeping 1 .
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.'
O'FARRELL. Several nice furnished rooms
from $1 50 to $2 50 per week.
O'FARRELL, 322 — Nicely furnished sunny
double room, $10; single, $4 up.
O'FARRELL, S3S— sls; lower floor of three nice
rooms; large basement and bath.
O'FARRELL. C39— Sunny pleasant homelike
rooms in modern house.
POLK. i (»7— Furnished sunny rooms; running
water; cheap. #
POWELL, 15, adjoining the Columbia Theater—
Well -furnished quiet rooms; day, wk. or mo.
POWELL, 17— Large handsomely fitted back
and one front; double rooms; rent cheap.
PROSPECT place. 123, off California, Stockton.
Powell; large room, folding bed, $6 to $S;
private; German:
KOYAL House. 126 Ellis Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking- room and
ladles' parlor: rooms, per night. 3&c to $1 50;
week. $2 to IS: month, $8 to JSO; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 160] A nicely furnished sunny
room for gentleman; no other roomers.
SEVENTH; 230 A. near Howard 3 newly fur-
nifhod sunny front rooms, $6, $S and $10 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTVi'ELL, 730— Furnished room at $3 month;
Mission warm belt.
BTOCKTONJ 317— Sunny furnished rooms: gas;
bath; telephone; central; very reas.; $8 up.
BUMNER, 2'/ 2 , off Howard, near Eighth— Fur-
nislic-d front room; private family.
Bl'Tl 7!.">— Sunny furnished or unfurnished;
all conveniences; private family: gentlemen
only.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE WALDOUF, _1 FitUi St.. near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3S29Vi— s7; 4 rooms, unfur-
nished; large- yard; sunny cottage.
TURK, 524, near Larkin— pleasant room;
private family; central; for lady; ret. ; $5.
UNION, 817— Furnished parlors and rooms to
let.
.VAN NEfS aye., 244, corner O'Farrell— Very
desirable 3-room parlor suite, suitable for
housekeeping, doctor or dentist.
VAN NESS aye., 944, corner O'Farrell—
flat, completely furnished for housekeeping;
uplendid opening for table hoard.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pat?*??, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
• BOARDING AM» ROOMS. _
AT 415 First 'Jit. —Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, 51 a week up; Swedish home.
BARTLETT. 102, corner— Sunny front bay-
window room, running water, with board;
reasonable.
HOTEL VICTORIA, cor. Hyde and California
— Large sunny suite, with board; reasonable;
home cooking.
LEAVENWORTH, 219— Sunny single and dou-
ble room; extra table board.
O'FARRELL. MO— Neatly fur. double rm., with
board, $20 mo.; without, $7 mo.; French fam.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double. $20.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
— Furnished suites and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarders.
SUNNY furnished rooms: with or without
board; reasonable. 71- Van Ness aye.
CHILDREN j HOARDED.
WANTED— To board lor 2 children or baby in
a nice country home; mother's care. Address
MRS. C. SHIVERS, Antloch. Cal. <
LADY having no children would give child good
motherly care. 2G12',4 Sutter st. ■
CHILDREN wanted— A nice sunny home for a
child. 1539 Treat aye.
CHILD to board by woman of experience; best
references. Box 1634, Call office.
GOOD home for children; $S and $10 per month.
560 Geary st. *
GOOD home for children, IS; Infants, $10 f»«-r
• mo. 210 Lexington aye . near Nineteenth *t
~ RESTAURANTS.
"WESTERFELDT 1 8 Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.; popular priccn.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of copartnership—
lice is hereby given that WINFIELD 8
DAVIS. HURT L. DAVIS and CARL A.
HENRY, formerly doing business as co-
partners under the firm name and style of
DAVIS & HENRY, have dissolved euch co-
partnership and the business heretofore done
by ouch firm will hereafter be conducted at
No. 215 Sanoome at. by DAVIS & HENRY, an
incorporated company.
Dated February 28. 1899.
CARL A. HENRY,
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
BUBT L. DAVIS.
STORES TO LET.
mm
NEW stores, with 2 living' rooms, •on Seventh
Bt.. near new Postofttce. By JOHN PFORR,
, 403 Pine st.
CHEAP stores at 330 Noe St., near Market, for
shoemaker, tailor, etc.
STORE to lease First-class location for cigar
stand; corner Market, California and Drumm
sts. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
STORE, 648 Fourth St., an old-established res-
taurant; rent very cheap. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. ■ ■
STORE, Twenty-third and Guerrero; 3 rooms;
cement cellar.
STORE; 5 rooms: stable; good for plumber,
painter or laundry. 112 San Jose aye.; $10.
TO let— Part of store; alterations to be made
by tenant. Inquire 5 Taylor st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYKHLE, German Expert Optician;
ch.irter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071 Vi Market st., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home: consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $3. No In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER.
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills, 510 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays
by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and s»re; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
fame day; no Instruments used: cure at office.
Jf>; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by. con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Lsrkin; hours. 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. in.: Sunday, 1 > to 12 and 8 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M Davles.
true friends cf all invalids, men and women;
50 yars' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; -cure sent; cell or write; free; confi- i
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used:, guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers hMned ln-
Ftantly; consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to Bp. m. ; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
| IMPORTANT— A exeat progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how lone standing; travelers helped
! at once: safe; call on a physician with men*
knowledge: cure. $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 87 years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A— DR. G. XV.- O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure: consult him flirt, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. lfl?m Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-768 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
LADlES— Chlchester'« English Pennyroyal Pills
i Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chtchester Chemical Co.. Phlla. -
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; reli-
I able, safe, sure"; maternity home; no instru-
i ments; consultation free.,- confidential;' home
I treatment. |6. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
Bt. ; $1 50. Send 2c t>tamp for circulars to Be-
guro Mfg. Co.. 5"1 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden. Oakland; home in confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st. car.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home In confinement.
DR. nnd Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or meney back:ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of -the human body. lIS Mason st.
DENTISTS.
DX. T. S. HIGGIN.S 1 DontalT^arlorßT^
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL. CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
V, 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK.' 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; -plates repaired. NEW
- YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings- a
specialty: all work reasonable;' gas given.'
A FULL set of teeth. $5; teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, S Mason st., corner Market.
VAN "VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. .■':■■-■-.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IB ruigpp. In wrapper, for mnlllng. M per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney "at law,
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, ail cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. MaT
frulre (ex-Congressman) and .Tame* L. Galla-
gher Ox-City and County Attorney) . have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 525-555 Market St.; tel. South 215.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice . open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
I GRANT, room CO4, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE fre*-: diver?" lew a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
. HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship: Bth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 92;
Market; consultation free; no fees la advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market «t.
proposals.
Pkoposalb! • : ' •?"■■
state prison SUPPLIES. " ■■* v
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
the office of the Clerk at State Prison, SAN
QUENTIN, until 10:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
■ 10TH DAY OF JUNE. 1599,
And at the office of the Clerk at State Prison,
FOLSOM. until 9.30 a. m. SATURDAY,
171 11 DAY OF JUNE. ' 1.899.
At which times and places they will b«
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
sisting of subsistence stores, forage, fuel '
clothing, medicines, lime, cement and 'other
staple supplies, from July 1, 1899. to June SO,
19C0. inclusive, on conditions as per printed
schedule, which will be furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices. .
No bid will be considered unless made upon
said schedules, nor. unless ; accompanied by
the certified check therein required, •■ nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers in
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
« bidder must accompany his bid. with a certi-
fied chock upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 1 10 J per
cent of the amount, payable to R. M. FiU-
gerald. President of the Board., of his bid
conditioned that the bidder will enter Into a
contract • upon - notice of acceptance as re-
quired by law. -...-. ..."„■ ' .-.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately.- All payments made on contracts will
be paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
cf the schedule*. '.. .
The Board reserves the right to reject any
.or all bids as the public - Interest may re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified. " ■
. R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
3. V. ELLIS. Clerk.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 4, 1899.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Jule Hessette and Marie Lablege 22-21
.Tomes C. Sadler and Mac Lomax '..25-23
Abraham Decter and Ida Lipcr.n ....32-30
H. E. McEuen and Mary E. McDonald ".9-24
Erik Carlson and Amelia Lundgrsn.. 2t-1%
Aaron Sldlowskl and Rebecca Green.... 24-20
Charles H. Rivers and Cary M. Pet.?rs-n. .
Anthony Matthews and Annie M. Johns an.. 24-20
W. T. Powers and Frances B. Jackley 29-20
Thomas Drady and Tattle Nathan ...3S-26
Max Salomon and Tessle Frank1in........ .35-27
Conrad Hermann and Mary E. : Hear n... 34-24
Wm. R. Cluncss Jr. and Ethel G. Creagh. .34-24
EIRTHS—ffiARRIAOES— DEATHS. ;
BORN.
FISHER— In this city. May 23, 1899. to the wife
of John L. Fisher, a son. •
DIEZ-In this city, In Sunset district. May 27,
1599, to the wife of Phillip J. Diez, a daugh-
ter. ;A\T..:i;-
DUNLEAVY— In this city, June 1. 1899, to the
wife of J. J. Dunleavy, a son.
GALLATIN— In this city, May 22, 1899, to the
wife of Willis E. Gallatin Jr., a daughter.
HANLEY— this city. May 28, 1899, to the
wife of George W. Hanley, a son. .
HEALEY— this city, June 2. 1899. to the
wife of Charles F. Healey, a son.
HOLTZ— In this city, May 26. 1899, to the wife
of Qustave Holtz, a son.
KING— In this city. May 21, 1599. to the wife
of Joseph King, a son. - ■
LEVEY— In this city, May 17. 1599, to the wife
of Sam li.- Levey, a daughter.
McIVER— In this city. June 1, 1899. to the wife
of James MVlver, a daughter.
MAHER-In this city. May 31, 1899, to the wife
" of James H. Maher, a son.
SCHLICHTMANN— In this city, June 1. 1899,
■ to the wife of H. Schlichtmann, a son.
SMITH— In this city, June 3, 1399, to the wife
of Fred W. Smith, a son.
SULLIVAN— In this city, May 28, 1899. to the
wife of 1. A. Sullivan, a son.
WEBER— In South San Francisco. May 31, 1899,
to the wife of Gustave F. Weber, a daugh-
ter^ ■ ■• ■ ' ■ ■
DIED.
Anderson, Victor P. Murray. Mrs. Bridget
Bray, Viola • Nagel, Dora E.
Cicerone. Pasquale I'etersen. John P.
Gartlemann. Henry . Probasco. Frank S.
Greany. Bridget O'Toole. Catherine
. Jacobsen. Walter S. Pera, Geremia
Jacobson. Simon Semrau. Joseph
Kllbourne. Lilian M. Smith (infant)
Killlon. Hanora Spillum. Rosalie V.
Leveira, William P.. Wascerwitz, Gustave
Lucey. Patrick
ANDERSON— In Duncans Mills. June 1. 1899,
Victor P. Anderson, cousin of David C. Cha-
lebols, Jacob Woods. Philomen Woods and
Mrs. Jennie Tyrrell, a native of Wisconsin,
aged 21 years.
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter -
BRAY— In the City and County Hospital, June
2, ' 1599, Viola Bray, a native of California,
aged 3 years.
CICERONE— In the City and County Hospital,
June 3, IS'.tH, Pasquala Cicerone, a native of
Italy, aged 43 years.
GARTLEMANN— In this city, June .3, 1899,
Henry Gartlemann, beloved father of Mrs. E.
Rohde. Mrs. M. Hlnck and Herman Gartle-
mann, and brother-in-law of F. and H. Fisch-
beck; a native of Hanover, Germany, aced
60 years 2 months and 27 days. . A member of
Hannoveraner Vereln. Norddeutscher Verein
and San Francisco Lodge No. 1. O. d. H. S.
([^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
June 6, 1899, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 510 Grove street. Interment I. O. O.
F. ; Cemetery.
GREANY— In this city, June 2. 1899, Bridget,
beloved wife of Captain M. Greany. sister of
Mrs. Thomas Fitzgerald, and mother of XV.
F. and John T. Greany, a native of the parish
of Ardagh, County Limerick, Ireland, aged
63 years.
(C?*Friend6 are re fully Invited to at- i
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 7:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 602 Seventh
Btreet, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the pose of her soul at S o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. v
JACOBSEN— In this city, June 3, 1899. Walter
8., beloved son of Fred and Amelia Jacob-
sen, a native of San Francisco, aged 7 months.
JACOBSON— In this city, June 1, 1599, -Simon,
beloved husband of Annie Jacobson. and
father of Mignon. Rose, Noah, Sarah. Winnie
and Le Roy Jacobson. a native of Mltau.
Russia, aged 63 years 2 months and 20 days.
(New York papers please copy.)
(OTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:15 oiclock. from his .late resi-
dence, 511 Van Ness avenue. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by U:3O o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. - Please
omit flowers. ■ : '•" ~
CONGREGATION OHABAI SHALOME— Offi-
cers and members of Ohabal Shalome are
respectfully requested to , attend the funeral
of our lato brother, Simon Jacobson, this
day (Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 511 Van Ness avenue. By order
PHILIP STERN, Vice Pres.
M. L. STERN, Secretary.
A. O. U. W.— Hall of Unity Lodge No. 27. A.
O. U. W., 32 O'Farrell street: The funeral
escort is hereby notified to assemble at the
hall this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. Simon
Jacobson. Fines will be strictly enforced.
By order of
H. J. TROWBRIDGE. M. W.
H. GRIMSHAW, Recorder.
KILBOURNE— In Columbus, Ohio, Lilian Miles
Kllbourne, wife of Lieutenant Lincoln Fay
Kllbourne. U. S. A., and only child of Col-
onel Evan Miles. First Infantry. U. S. A.,
and Martha Alice Stitzel Miles; born at Sac-
ramento, Cal., September 26, 1875; died May
8, 1899. (St. Paul, New York and Philadelphia
papers please copy.)
KILLION— In this city, June 3. 1899, Hanora,
beloved wife of the late Frank Killlon.
mother of John Klllion, and grandmother of
Mary, Francis and ' Hazel Agnes Killion, a
native of Ireland, aged 60 years. (Stockton
papers please copy.)
ty Interment private at Stockton.
LEVEIRA— In this city, June 3. 1899, William
Patrick, beloved son of Martin and Maggie
Leveira (nee Doran), and brother of Joseph
Leveira, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
months and 27 days.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this (lay
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 10 Kisßling street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LUCEY— In this city, June 2. 1899, Patrick
Lucey, beloved brother of the late Cornelius
Lucey, uncle of Jeremiah, Eugene, John and
the late Cornelius and Julia Lucey, and cousin
of Cornelius Donovan, Mrs. T. O'Keefe and
Mrs. Ellen Buckley, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 65 years. (Boston and Wake-
■ field, Mass., papers please copy.)
IC^Frlend?! and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. T. O'Keefe, 1831 Mission street, thence
to St. Charles Borromeo's Church for services
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MURRAY— In Vallejo, June 3, 1899, Mrs. Brid-
get Murray, beloved wife of the late Anthony
Murray, mother of Mrs. J. T. Ryan, sister of
Mrs. Robert Gore and the late John Gore and
Maurice Sheahan. and aunt .of Annie and
- Philomena Sheahan, a native of Limerick,
Ireland, aged 65 years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Vincent's
Church, where . a solemn requiem mass will
'be celebrated for the repoee of her soul. In-
terment St. Vincent's Cemetery..
NAGEL— In this city. June 2, 189 S. Dora Edna,
beloved daughter of Genevieve and August
Nagel, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year. and 9 months. . 7j;"-";7V.
PETERSEN— this city, • June 3. 1899. John
P. Petersen, beloved father of Charles L.
Petersen, a native of Denmark, aged 66 years
and 3 months. :v.l-.-,.Ci
PROBASCO— In this city,/ 1 June 3, 1899, Frank
S., eldest son of Wesley and Sarah Probasco,
a native of Clinton, N. J., aged 39 years.
Funeral service* to-morrow (Monday),
at 2:30 o'clock, at 616 Taylor street. Inter-
ment private.
O'TOOLE — In Alameda, June 1, 1899, Catherv .*,
beloved wife of the late George O'Toue,
mother of Rose O'Toole, and sister of Mrs.
Sarah Walsh of San Francisco, a native ©C
Pennsylvania, aged 4S years. (Philadelphia
and New York papers please copy.).
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church. Chestnut street. Interment . Holy
Cross Cemetery, San Mateo County. f ■ -
PERA— In this city, May 31. 1899, Geremia. be-
loved husband of Margaret Pera, and brother
of Onesto Pera. a native of San • Donate. -
Italy, aged C 9 years. . /.' •
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral th|s day
' (Sunday), at' 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 200 C Mason street. 7. Interment Italian
Cemetery, San Mateo County.- . ■:.
SEMRAU— In the City and County 5 Hospital,
June 3, 1899, Joseph Semrau, a native. of Ger-
many, aged 60 years. ' / ■. .; . ■■>- ; '-,-.'
SMITH— In this city, June ,3, 1899, infant Bon
of Fred W. and Josephine L. Smith, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 day. - . < . ,
SPILLUM— In i this . city. May 31, ; 1899, Rosalie
Violet, beloved daughter. of Matilda and the
late Charles ,1. E. Spillum, and sister of Ag-
nes J. and Carl T. Spillum, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 months and 28 days.
' (CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral • this i day . (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from SI2B Larkin street, near Geary.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . -.
WASCERWITZ— this city. June 3, 1899, Gus-
tave Wascerwitz.-. beloved father of Morris H
and Benjamin ;N. Wascerwitz, Mrs. Fannie
Ringolsky, Mrs. Selina Sapiro and Mrs. Ame-
lia Levy, a native of Poland, aged 86 years
JpTriends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from . his . late rest-
: dence, 3 Clarence , court, off Buchanan street
. between Geary and O'Farrell. • Interment
: -New Salem Cemetery by carriage. ■■-..- .■-..;
hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A , Oallaarbw),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMB A LMSay :
Id Fifth at., opposite —lacola 9c&Mh - " :
a ti«itv«» fiouU Ml -• .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J W Hughes, Sacto G Crocker, Cal
T B Lovadal, Sacto Miss Rutherford, Cal
Miss A S Root, Oakld Miss E W Rutherford,
0 O Howard Jr, Cal I Cal
G Smith, Wls F T Wright, England
W B Scott. W Va Mrs F T Wright, Eng
Mrs W B Scott, W Va M X Salsbury, Pa
Mrs W J Broderick, V S Forstner. N V
Los Ang W B Dorr. Cal
D E Bryant. Los Ang A B Wood. Detroit
J Wl^ams, Md O O Howard Jr, Bel-
J J Iviaek. Cal ! vedere
Mrs J J Mack, Cal Mrs O O Howard Jr,
W H Kingsley, Denvr Belvedere
H Frank, NY G H Blxby, Los Ans
B W Lee, Los Ang i Miss Grant, Cal
W L Frost, Boston !Mr & Mrs Faul. Eng-
W S Saccombe, Boston 1 land
C D Lanning, Boston W R Patterson, L A
H W Sampson, Boston, W H Williams. Cal
Mrs H W Sampson, Mrs W H Williams
Boston Cal
Miss Wetmore, Boston N B Kooser, Stanford
<: B ltUHs.Il, Mich , A B Cohen, -San Jose
F H Brownell. Cal C H O'Brien, Chgo
Mrs F H Brownell, ! Lieut G T Scott, An-
Cal gel Island
D C Moran, N V Mrs G Crucker, Cal
W J Trask, L Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
W T Wright Mt View Mrs F Stevens, S Jose
F H Green, Sn Rafael L H Young, N V
VV N Ketehum, Chicag R W Skinner, Cal
W P McSaul, S Rosa IL F Frickert, Cal
H R Hesler, Chicago \Y Costello, Cal
1 Mulligan San Jose iDr W A Moore, Benlci
W H Nichols & w, CallG R McCord, Hanford
I C Franks, Cal H B Smith, Cal
G Herman, San Mateo W O Hilbish & w, Cal
F R Donald & w, CaliC R Dexter, Mich
D H Bair & w, Sacto : J E Dixon & w. Cal
T M Morgan, Portland O L Barton. Cal
Mrs H R Coate. Peta IJ Warner, Modesto
Mrs S Gideon. 11l |O Bright, Trinidad
B T Hatley, lowa IJ H Young. Pa
K 1 L Baker. Ls Anp Mrs W D Young. Pa
\V E Small, Ls Ang O Crossfield, Honolulu
W D Mclntosh, Can T W Bliss, S Cruz
Mrs II B chase, Portld'j McMillan, Arizona
L P "Wardle & w, Nev E M Wilson, Vallejo
J H Wellman, Chicago Dr A Holcomb, Cal
I Whittemore. w, Mass 0 L Harris, S Roaa
Miss Whittemore. Mass W Ramsey, Fresno
Mrs J Sanborn, Mass W D Foote. Fresno
J B Lambkin, S Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss G Perro. N V (Mrs A E Johnson. Or
C P Wilson & w, S Jse,Mrs Johns. San Jose
FI Peterson, Marysville Miss M Johns. S Rosa
H Harris. Suisun J Burtin & w, T;tah
J C Ellis. Dixon Mrs Hagan, Utah
J E Morris. S Diej,-o Mrs Griffin. Utah
J 1) Ritchie. Isleton Mrs Wilds. L T tah
J Vincent. N V iMrs Simmons. Utah
P Blum, Fresno !J A Pender. Utah
J Phillips. Uldah -F Jacobs. Denver
J Van Horn, S Diego •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, June 3.
Stmr State of California. Goodall, 49 hours
from Portland, and Astoria 39 hours.
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard, 80 hours from. Wll
lapa Harbor.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Nelson, 20 hours from
Mendoclno.
Saturday, June 3.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, CoquilLe
River.
Stmr Rival, Johnson. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IiOBOS. June 3. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived June 3— Br ship Dalgonar,
from Port Townsend.
Sailed June 3— Stmr Washtenaw. for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWXSF.xn— Arrived June 3— Bark
Carondelet. hence May 17.
Sailed June 3— Br ship Linlithgowshire, for
Port Pirie; stmr Walla Walla, for Ban Fran
cisco: X* S stmr Rush, for .
Passed in June 3— Br ship William Mitchell,
from Port Angeles.
NEAH BAY— Passed out June 3— Stmr Wash
tenaw, from Tacoma, for San Francisco; bktn
Newsboy, from Port Blakeley, for Noumea.
PAN PEDRO— Suiled June 3-Stmr Navarro,
for •
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 3— Stmr Excelsior, for
Orca.
Et'REKA- Arrived June 3— Stmr Weeott, hno
June 1.
Sailed June 3— Schr Oceania Vance, for Syd
ney; stmr North Fork, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived June 3— Br stmr Car
marthenshire, hence June 1.
failed June 3— Stmr Sequoia, for .
COOS BAY— Arrived June 3— Pchr Gem, hence
May 22; stmr Alcatraz, frum Eureka.
HID HIMSELF AWAY
FROM SIGHT OF MAN
Death Draws Near a Former Contra
Costa Official Who Became a Her-
rait Thirty Years Ago.
SAN RAFAEL, June 3.— ln a little ram
shackle cabin on which fhe boards and
shingles rattle in the wind, a place where
the breezes seem to whisper of ghosts
and fairy lore as they sweep down the
Nicasio Canyon, lies an old man whose
head has been whitened by the frosts of
more than seventy winters. Henry Hazen
Abbott's candle of life is about snuffed
out and with his demise will be written
the concluding page of a tale that in cer
tain ways is as wonderful as anything
ever penned by a Verne or a Stevenson.
Thirty years ago Abbott, who was then
Deputy County Recorder of Contra Costa
County, became involved in a broil with a
maji named Gilbert over the latter's wife,
and in order to save his life fled, with
bullets singing a merry tune of vengeance
about his ears. A week later a body was
washed upon the banks of the Sacra
mento River and identified as that of
Abbott. Thousands of dollars worth of
property belonging to him finally went
to the State.
For over thirty years nothing further
was heard of the man and nobody ques
tioned the report of his death, but a few
months ago he was met by an acquaint
ance while chopping wood on Paper Mill
Creek, where he lived in a hollow tree.
Abbott said he had concluded to bury
himself alive in the redwoods and cared
nothing for the loss of his property. Up
seemed eager to hear of his old friends
and laughed heartily at tie opinion pre
vailing regarding his death.
Now he lies ill and the story of his
peculiar life is about ended.
TAKES NO CHANCES
WITH THE FEVER
Texas Shuts Out Mail From New Or
leans That Has Not Been
Fumigated.
AUSTIN, Tex., June 3.— The United
States postal authorities and the State
Health Department of Texas are at log
gerheads over the fumigation of mail
originating or passing through the Now
Orleans postoffice and destined for Texas.
State Health Officer Blunt established a
quarantine against New Orleans on May
29 on account of a yellow fever case there
and has permitted no mail to enter Texas
from that city since that date. The
Marine Hospital service surgeons have re
ported to the Postoffice Department at
Washington that there is no yellow fever
in New Orleans, and that fumigation of
the mails is unnecessary, and up to this
time Dr. Blunts requests for fumigation
were not respected. Jn the meantime no
mail from New Orleans has been allowtd
to enter Texas, and business interests are
suffering greatly on account of the ex
clusion. Dr. Blunt stated to-day that he
would stand firm and that he will con
tinue to shut out all New Orleans mail
unless it has first been fumigated.
Governor Sayers wired Surgeon General
Walter Wyman of the Marine Hospital
service at Washington, D. C. as follows
to-day:
"Please see Postmaster General and get
him to order mail from New Orleans to
Texas fumigated. If no other case of yel
low fever occurs in New Orleans wiliun
the next six days, quarantine regulations
will be relaxed. Private but reliable in
formation leads us to doubt the accuracy
of official reports as to yellow fever
situation.
•'JOSEPH D. SAVERS, Governor."
Yale Shuts Out Princeton.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 3.— Yale signally
defeated the Princeton baseball nine by the
score of 8 to 0 In the first championship game
of the series. Princeton was shut out in every
particular. Her nine neither scored a run nor
made a single hit off Robertson's delivery. Not
a iron of her nine got beyond second base dur
ing the game. Hlldebrand was a disappoint
ment. He hit three batsmen, aided base-run
ners twice and gave six passes to first. Score-
Clubs— R. H. E
Yale 8 10 3
Princeton 0 0 2
I latteries— Robertson and Sullivan; Hilde
brand and Kafer.
Shipment of Tulare Fruit.
TUL.ARE. June 3.— The season's first
car of Tulare County fruit wil be shipped
to-morrow morning by the Earl Fruit
Company to New York. Clyman plums
peach plums, peaches, tragedy prunes
and pears will go forward in this record
breaking shipment. This is the tirst ship
ment or pears leaving .California tins
season. The first carload of wheat of the
season left here to-day. It was shipped by
R. T. Priest.
STRONG HARES
LEAD HOUNDS
A MERRY CHASE
Exciting Coursing at
Union Park.
WINNERS ARE HARD TO PICK
THE TALENT FELL HEAVILY ON
SEVERAL COURSES.
Connemara, Lowlander, Luxor and
Other Crack 3>ogs Will Meet
This Afternoon in the
Open Stake.
Strong- hares made fast coursing at
Union Park yesterday. The card included
an open and an extra stake. The former
was run down once, while but four dogs
were left in the extra stake. They were
Pastime, Statesman, Terronite and Mose.
There are left in the open, stake, which is
to be decided to-day, the pick of the
greyhounds now in training-, including
Connemara, Lowlander, Luxor, Mac's
Melody, O X Capitol, I^ord Byron, Be-
THIS WAS THE MAN
WITH THE CORSET
nAKIaAND, June 3.— Dr. Rowe, at the Receiving Hospital, was startled out
of his usual placidity to-night by a discovery that came near upsetting
his theories of sex. For a few minutes, the popular surgeon was in doubt
as to whether a patient he was treating was man or woman, or
whether the patient was masculine In feminine undergarments, or a woman
in masculine outergarments. The subject was registered at the Receiving
Hospital as "John Fox," laborer, aged 66 years; left hip broken in runaway."
It appears that Fox was driving one of Lund's delivery wagons to-night,
when the horse became fractious and threw him from the vehicle. He was
promptly carried to the Receiving Hospital, where after his outer garments
had been removed Dr. Rowe was horrified to find that beneath a flannel shirt
the aged man wore a woman's corsets and the usual feminine paraphernalia
even to the minutest details.
nicia Boy, Emln Pasha and others.
It Is expectad Connemara, Lowlander
and Luxor will be the principal contend
ers as the final round of the stake is ap
proached. They are all in splendid con
dition, being fast and strong.
The preliminary round of the open stake
yesterday was pronounced hard to pick
by the bettors, but the favorites won with
but few exceptions. The upsets were
generally severe ones. Prince. Hal, a -6 to
1 favorite, was beaten by Ida. Lowe and
Thompson's big dog had the speed, but
could not turn quickly enough in the
twisting course he had to run. Koolawn,
another 5 to 1 shot, lost to F. Moran's
Snapshot. Pretender was made a 2 to 1
favorite over Belle Clan. They had a
short four.se and were ordered back to the
slips by Judge Bell. The Belle had
shown such speed that she was Installed
a warm favorite, justifying the confi
dence placed in her by winning handily.
Van Knapp proved a disappointment
in the extra stakes. He met Baby King
in the preliminary round and was made
a 2 to 1 favorite. After scoring five
points he wont to pieces and after that
was not in the running. The last of the
big upsets of form was the defeat of
Lottie M by Benicia Boy. She was 5 to
1 in the betting.
In two of the courses it was found
necessary to release extra dogs to kill
the hates and thus prevent injury to the
other dogs. The hare ran two minutes
and twenty-five seconds in the course be
tween Mountain Beauty and Las Palmas,
while it required two minutes and fifty
seven seconds to kill in the course be
tween Commodore and Beau Peep.
The course between Statesman and
Dempsey Lass aroused the interest of the
spectators, as it seemed for a time that
Dempsey Lass, the shortender. would get
the ting. The favorite. Statesman, finally
won. The detailed result of the sport fol-
Open stake — A. Johnson's Mountain
Beauty beat J. O'Donnell's Las Palmas;
Curtis & Son's Blackette beat Larkey &
Rock's Hercules; B. & R. Scott's Lord
Byron beat F. A. McComb's Little Joker;
T J. Harrington's Mercy May beat D.
Ford's Bonita; H. F.Anderson's Crawford
Braes beat H. A. Deckelman's Prince
George; T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill
beat Rincon kennels' Ski; Handy &
Smith's Twin City Girl beat Kay &
Trant's Eclipse; Dennis & Porter's The
Devil beat Handy & Smith's Terrana; F.
A. McComb's Flush beat Kay & Trant's
Innisfallen; Lowe & Thompson's Low
lander beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Santiago ;
D. J. Healey's Maori Land beat Handy &
Smith's Petronius: D. J. Healey's Grenada
beat P. Moran's Flying Faster; T. J. Har
rington's Beau Peep beat Curtis & Son's
Commodore; George Shannon's Wait a
Little beat Courtney & Hore's Douglas;
Russell, Allen & "Wilson's Lady Emma
beat H. A. Deckelman's Glen Roy; Rus
sell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Clair beat
Aeneid kennels' Pretender; Lowe &
Thompson's Quickstitch beat Handy &
Smith's Ben Bolt; Handy & Smith's Ida
beat Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal: O.
J. Healey's Maggie N beat G. J. Panario's
High Flyer; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael
beat F. A. McComb's Royal Flush; Hur
ley & Ruby's O X Capitol beat Milo ken
nels' Rock Island King; F. Moran's Snap
shot beat D. Hooper's Koolawn; P. Bro
phy's Benicia Boy beat H. Lynch's Lottie
M: H. F. Anderson's Crawford Lad beat
Aeneid kennels' Maid of Erin; J p
Thrift's Forget beat F. Moran's Golden
Russett: A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat
William Murphy's Silence; Handy &
Smith's Victor beat J. H. Harrison':; Hot
H&ftte; J. McNeil's Sportsman beat W, H
Jones' Rustan; H. A. Deckelman's Old
Glnry boat E. Bauermeister's War «'loud-
T. Butler's Susie beat J. Seggorson'-B £an
delerin; Handy & Smith's Victor Oueen
beat T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle; Larkey
& Rock's Minerva and Pasha ksnnels'
Rollicking Airs a bye; J. ConneU's Lovr
Boy beat Allen & Wilson's Rosie Cla'r-
Bartels Brothers' Mac's Melody beat Kav
& Trant's Cross Patch: James Allen's
(onnemnra beat J. J. Warren's Sweet
Lips; Pasha kennels' Emm Pasha beat
Milo kennels' Rock Island Boy Curtis' &
Son's McKinle.y beat D. J. Healey's Riistv
Gold: Erwin & Lyon's Silver Lyon beat
\V. T-I. Jones' Prince Jerome; A. John
son's Bald Eagle beat F. A. MoCnmb's
Motto: P. J. Reilly's Warship beat Erwin
& Lyon's May Otiwn: D. J. Healev's For
Glory beat J. O'Dowd's Mission Tin-' Cur
tis & Son's Luxor beat Mlln kennels'
Irma; Mflo kennels' Victor King beat
Handy & Smith's Dauntless
Extra stake— George H. Burfeind's Pas
time beat Kelly & Hanley's Ripley Boy
C. and H. kennels' Geraldine" beat
Perry's Black Chief: H. Hersler's R<>«si 0
B beat Rincon kennels' The Earl- J
Jones' Galivant beat Handy & Smith's
Whisk Broom; Yosemite kennel's' Win'
ning Lassie beat J. A. Adams' Arno- J j
O'Brien's Statesman beat Lord &*HVr'
bort's Revolver: T. A. Gaffney's Sir John
Arnott beat H. Berkenkapf's Atlantic
Boy; C. & H. kennels' Dempsey Lass
beat Pasha kennels' Recent Arrival- W
C. Giasson's Terronite a bye: H ' W
Rike's Nancy R beat J. H. Smith's Mer
ced: Kelly & Hanley's Baby King heat
Aenoid kennels' Van Knapp: Erwin &
Lyon's Little Van beat W. C. Glasson's
Border's Valentine; Rincon kennels' Hard
Lines beat Aeneid kennels' Van Doric-
Yosemitp kennels' Mose beat J. Mur
nane'a Wolfe Tone: L. F. Halton's Tic Tac
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's MacDnugal'l; F
Moran's Bit of Fashion beat J. Ma'honev'«i
Chief of the Hill.
Second round— Pastime beat Geraldine-
Galivant beat Bessie B: Statesman beat
Winning Lassie: Dempsey Lass beat Sir
John Arnott; Terronite beat Nancy R-
Little Van beat Baby King; Mose beat
Hard Lines, and Bit of Fashion beat Tic
Tac.
Third round— Pastime beat Galivant;
qtitesman beat Dempsey Lass: Terronite
beat Little Van; Mose beat Bit of Fashion.
AFTER WELLS-FARGO AGAIN.
Commission Merchants Claim the
Corporation Refuses to Deliver
Goods Promptly.
The commission merchants in the
wholesale district are protesting loudly
against the methods of Wells. Fargo &
Co., the corporation which refused to pay
its share of the war tax. The trouble
this time is not over any war tax how
ever, but another little scheme which the
heads of the corporation have hatched
out to help fill their coffers. Just at th.s
time of the year large quantities of pei
ishable goods are being shipped into the
city by farmers through ells, Faigo &
C These goods should all delivered at
or about 5:30 in the. morning, but it is
alleged by the commission men that the
ml waeons of the express company ha\ c
r been W dS S ing the consignments , in ron
of the stores at any time from 1 to v
a. m., or long after the heaviest tooying
of the day has been done. Many lf
merchants have for some time past b. en
sending their own wagons to ta rt th
goods which Wells. Fargo & Co. have
been paid to deliver, and the offl< •
the big corporation just sit there an.i 1. t
them do it.  ,
One of the heavy sufferers is D B
son. He says that he has got t.i ■
doing the carting the express con
has teen paid for, And will try to v
arrangements to have his goods >»"»-'
by freight Many others are ftbottl M
adopt the same course.
DECLARED TO BE INSANE.
John Saville, Who Murderously At
tacked His Brother, Sent to
TJkiah Asylum.
John Saville, who stabbed his brother
George ten times in their room, 17 Polk
street, on Friday morning was examined
by the Insanity Commissioners yesterday
and was ordered to be sent to the insane
asylum at Ukiah, as they were satisfied
he was not responsible for his actions.
George Saville showed signs of improve
ment yesterday and was sent to the City
and County Hospital. The chances are
that he will recover, as he is young and
strong.
The case against John for assault with
intent to commit murder was called in
Judge Graham's court yesterday, and in
view, of the fact that he was ordered sent
to I'kiah it was continued for two
months.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Assistant Surgeon General Greenleaf
Coming to Inspect the Muster-
Out Camps.
WASHINGTON. June 3.— The Interior
Department will during the present month
have a survey made of the Sequoia and
Grant national parks. The contract will'
be given out by the Surveyor General of
California.
The Interior Department has set aside
as California school lands 2714 acres in
the Stockton Land District.
The name of the postofflce at Sierra
Valley, Sierra County, has been changed
to Sierraville.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War, Charles R. Greenleaf, as
sistant surgeon general of the United
States army, will proceed from this city
to Columbus barracks, Ohio, for the pur
pose cf making a sanitary inspection of
that post, and on completion of this duty
will proceed to San Francisco and report
in person to the commanding general, De
partment of California, for duty as sani
tary inspector of camps to be established j
for the muster out of volunteer corps re- ;
turning from the Philippine Islands. The j
officers of the army at posts and camps
to be visited will render every facility
necessary to enable Colonel Greenleaf to
effect the object of his inspections, and
he is authorized to hire such wheel trans
portation at various places to be visited
by him as may be necessary in the per
formance of his duties.
Captain William H. Johnston, Sixteenth |
United States Infantry, having reported
his arrival in New York City, in compli
ance with instructions heretofore issued
to him. will proceed on the expiration of
his present sick leave to San Francisco
and report in person to the commanding
general. Department of California, for
assignment to duty.
Captain William H. Johnston, Sixteenth
United States Infantry, will, upon com
pletion of the duty to which he may be |
assigned by the commanding general, De
partment of California, proceed to join
his. regiment in the Philippine Islands.
Captain Charles F. Mason, assistant
surgeon, United States army, is relieved
from station at Fort Logan, Colorado, !
and from further duty in the Department
of Porto Rico, and upon the expiration of
his present sick leave will proceed to San
Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general. Department of Cali
fornia, for assignment to duty.
Acting Assistant Surgeon M. L. Heffle
finger. United States Army, will proceed
from Huntsville, Ala., to San Francisco
and report upon his arrival to the com
manding officer. Department of California,
for assignment to duty. Commissary
Sergeant George Gumming, now in this
city, fill be sent to the Presidio of San
Francisco, and will report upon his ar
rival to the commanding officer, who will
furnish him transportation to the Philip
pine Islands. Corporal Howard Middle
ton, Company I, Fourteenth United States
Infantry, now en route to the Presidio of
San Frapcisco, will be discharged the
service of the United States upon his
arrival by the -commanding officer of that
pest. First Lieutenant William C. Bennett,
Sixth United States Infantry, will pro
ceed to Knoxville, Term.. and relieve First
Lieutenant Edgar F. Koehler, Ninth United
States Infantry, from recruiting duty in
that city, and Lieutenant Koehler, upon
being thus relieved, will proceed to San
Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general, Department of Cali
fornia, for assignment to duty. Lieu
tenant Koehler, Ninth Infantry', will, upon
completion of' the duty to which he may
be assigned by the commanding general.
Department of California, proceed to join
his regiment in the Philippine Islands.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— George W. Pay son.
Big Pine, $6. Restoration and reissue-
Stephen Jackson, Los Angeles. $8. Re
issue and increase — William C. Glass,
Mayfleld, $6 to $10. Original widows—Au
gusta E. Nash. Auburn, $8; Eliza Jackson,
Los Angeles, $8.
Washington: Original — Daniel Coble, El
lensburg, $S. Renewal— William F. Siegel,
Wartield. $6. Increase— Alphonso Lyons,
Rossburg. $6 to $10; Joseph D. Green,
Johnson, $6 to $17.
Except to Final Account.
OAKLAND, June 3.— The heirs made
devisees under the will of the late Mar
garet Williams, through their attorney,
W. H. Payson. to-day filed exceptions to
the final account of the executor, Erin
Williams. "The account," they allege,
"does not show the receipts and income of
the property nor the expenditures. The
account charges all of the expenses of
administration against the principal of
the estate and apportions no part of said
expenses as against the income of said
estate, whereas the expenses of adminis
tration should be charged against the in
come of the estate while the same is in
the executor's hands." The balance on
hand as stated in the final account the
objectors regard as incorrect.
Oakland Colored People Unmoved.
OAKLAND. June 3.— A meeting called
In response to a proclamation issued by
the National Afro-American Council was
held last night In the Fifteenth-street
African M. E. Church for the purpose of
discussing lynching and other injustices
that have been charged against the people
of the South. The National Council hav
ing taken the matter up suggested chat
the colored people of Oakland assemble
and express their sentiments about the
condition of their brethren in the South.
The local meeting, although duly an
nounced, with half a dozen speakers and
soloists, was very meagerl;- attended,
oflly the usual prayer meeting' throng
gathering in the church. The matter of
discusssing the "black man's burden" wan
therefore postponed until to-morrow
night.
WILL NOT COMBINE.
The Market-Street Congregational
Church Opposed to Changes.
OAKLAND, June 3.— The consolidation
of Congregational churches outlined by
Dr. C. R. Brown is not meeting with
marked success. One church has already
"greed to adopt the scheme, but the fol
th » nf L staUrr >ent issued to-night shows
ma, the movement is not unanimous:
At a joint meeting of the deacons and
trustees of the Market-street Church, held
xnursaaj evening, all present expressed
tnemselves as interested in the growth
oi ongTegatidnalism in Oakland and in
athy with any movement in the
direction of a closer fellowship, of the
nes, butwere opposed to a change oC
•v or the consolidation of their
■■' with oth< is. it is not probable
me question will be considered by
hureh. w. s. JONES, Trustee." '
District School Trustees.
OAKIiAXI). June 3.— The election for
.1 Trustees held yesterday in the
various school districts of the county re
sulted as follows, aside from those men
tioned to to-days Call: Claremont—Pro
fessor George i,. ( olby and Will T Davis*
Orinda. A. L. Montero; Russell D Gans
berger; Mowrys Landing— J. \v. Steven
son and J. W. Brewer; Newark F Falk"
Decoto— C. C. Crane and K. \v Meyer:
Livermore, Thomas S< i eandro
Joseph Herrscher: Bray. William \xteli'
Fruitvale, J. J. Riley; Iryington, j k'
Wamsley; Pleasanton, L. C. Walter*
Niles, William Snyder. '
Death All but Claimed Him.
OAKLAND, June 3.— John Judge, an
engineer in the employ of the Southern
Pacific Company, was taken seriously 111
yesterday with heart failure. When he
arrived at the Receiving Hpspital ho was
unconscious, and the physicians, who
were unable any longer to note his puls<s
were ready to give him up. By the aid
of an oxygen apparatus and after several
hours' hard work the patient rallied.
Native Sons Elect Officers.
ALAMEDA,' June 3.— Alameda Parlor
No. 47, N. S. G. W., has elected the fol
lowing officers: Harry S. Orr, president;
R. H. Fallmer, first vice president; F. J.
Phillips, second vice president; H. L.
Sousa, third vice president; H. Bolte, mar
shal: O. A. Bremer, treasurer; W. E.
Bamber, trustee; H. L. Transue, record
ing secretary; Max Gundach, financial
secretary: Dr. H. M. Pond, surgeon.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, June 3.— Nicolo B. Perata,
one of the most prominent of Italian resi
dents of Alameda, died last night at his
home, corner of Eagle avenue and Paru
street.
The graduating party of the class of
June, 1899. Alameda High School, will be
held next Thursday night at Armory Hall
instead of on Wednesday night.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. June 3.— Peralta Camp
No. 123, Woodmen of the World, will meet
to-morrow to unveil a monument at the
grave of the late George Woodsum of
Berkeley, who was killed in the explo
sion of the Melrose Fuse Works a year
ago while serving as Deputy Sheriff. The
unveiling ceremonies will be held in
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, at
2:30 o'clock in the afternoon. Woodmen
and Odd Fellows, are invited to meet at
the cemetery gate at that hour.
The Rev. Frederick C. Brown, U. S. N.,
chaplain of the lo,wa, will conduct the
evening services at the First Unitarian
Church on Dana street to-morrow even
ing at 7:30 o'clock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN
ONLY.
Free Trial Package of This New Discovery
Mailed to Every Man Sending Name
and Addres^— Quickly Restores
Strength and Vigor.
Free trial packages of a most remarkabl*
] remedy are being mailed to all who will wrlta
| the State Medical Institute. They cured so
i many men who had battled for years against
! the mental and physical suffering of lost man-
\ hood that the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment and all men who suffer with,
any form of sexual weakness ' resulting from
youthful folly, premature loss of 'strength and
] memory, weak back, varicocele r- . relation
I of parts can now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful effect
of warmth and seems to act direct to the de-
sired location, giving strength and development
just where it is needed. It cures 'all the ill*
I and troubles that come .from years of misu»»
of the natural functions and has been an ab-
solute success in all cases. A request to th 9
State Medical Institute. 743 First • National
i Bank building. Fort Wayne. Tnd.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial packages, will
be complied with promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching that great .class of men
i who are unable to leave home to be treated
1 and the free sample will • enable them to sea
j how easy it is to be cured of sexual weakness
I when the proper remedies are employed. The
I Institute makes no restrictions. Any man who
J writes will be sent a free sample, carefully
i sealed In a plain package, so that its recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write without
delay.
T". P 7 *, >"*r<- ■ COPYRIGHT
IN THE iVUZE OF THE VOLUPTU-
OUS WALTZ.
"Soft eyes looked love to eyes tint spake
: again, ■ . ■•; • ■ •;■■■ ■•.,, .
And all went merry as a marriage bell."
And that was when his loved one had
a chanCe to examine the. exquisite color
and finish on his shirt », front, and ask
him where he ■ had his laundry work
done. Every one should know that the
finest laundry work put on shirts, col-
lars and cuffs in this town is done at
the United States Laundry.
. "No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market. Street.
Telephone South 420.
— — — - . ~
RADWATS'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public - for 60 years as a
l-*;r R«mpdv. ' It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Cola 0 . Sow. Throats. Influenza Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, Xi>»uruaUsm. Neuralela.
Headache. Toothache and all pain* Interning
I for Malaria ana all Bowel Palna. All oruggwiALAMEDA COUNTY NEVUS.
LLOYD MAJORS MAY
HAVE BEEN INNOCENT
Convict Showers Is Said to Have
Made a Confession.
.Abe Majors Sends His Mother Alleged
Proofs of His Innocence Mrs. Wag
ner's Poverty Will Prevent Her
Again Seeing Her Boy.
Oakland office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 3.
WAS Lloyd Majors hung in Oakland
nineteen years ago for a crime of
which he was inn< cent ?
Mrs. Majors Wagner, the widow
of Majors, has received- Information that
John Showers, who was recently killed
at Folsom by a fellow ronvict, and who
by turning State's evidence was directly
responsible for the hanging of Majors,
made^ a confession just before his death
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r No Liquors— just f
i Good Groceries i
Order any way: ▼
* Telephone — f
Send the children — £
' Write— f
' Come yourself — Prices
fa nd promptness the same
Mil ever}- instance.
.Pennsylvania Coal Oil 55c
V ifo° tes t. Full 5 gallons
A Can to be returned
aStryker's Kitchen Soap
A reliable artic'e S bars OC.
A of w-.!l known merit & J<~
JCooper^s Olive Oil 75c
i From " Blwood " Olive Orchard.
0 Largest • ec bottle. Cold pressed.
Oil Quarts 60c
A Cross &I3!ackweH's'^'
Cross & Blackwell's Paste
■ An chow, Shrimps, • fQ~
a Bloaters iyc
o Snider" s Catsup.. Pints 20c
a Screw top bott'.e.s.
jlSoda Crackers iolbbox 4sc
v Fresh and rood. Real economy
A tobr.ybythebox
> Franco-American Soups a
1 Assorted p7 _
4 kinds. z/ c
Marchand Sardines.. 2lc
1 Boneless.
JPate.de foiegras.. 17c
V Beau marchand, square tins.
4K. & R. Potted Meats.. 2oc
4 Regiilar jjc sire. I
iColman*s Mustard. 26c
\ H pound tin. \ I
Streets Tamales 8c
7 Canned, boneless chicken, "
f Salad Dressing 23c
d The two be<t— Ourhee's and Yacht Club,
Jlßltie Ribbon Flour. 50 lb i I
\ Gold Medal flour at the World's Q C \ i
# Fair. Only flour on the Coast OJC j
\ that ranks with I'Ulsbury'a in bread » i
$ making. f
♦•Carolina Rice lb 4c
a Fancy Üble. a
>Beans 12 lb 25c
* White and Uayo.
{Early Breakfast Coffee../5c
f You'll not mini paying (
a l-c for this 25c coffee. \
jFolger'sßakingPowder^sci \
7 Golden Gate Brand. Pound. f j
i Japan Tea lb 35 I
A Fancy Spider Leg, Uncolored. A |
k EIGHT SAVING STORES: f |
i m Market St . R.F. 1311 Polk St. 8. T. 2i
f joflO WoahiuffUm, Oik Bhattuck At, Berkeley T i
A ■ : ,i- nip in, " Central At, Alamed»^ |
f B th A. mil At, " 7th* Wood. Oak f
has been created among lovers of
fine chocolate in every community
where
j Ghirardelli's
"MONARCH"
Chocolate
has been introduced- It has no equal
lor strength, and is tne r. N y strictly :
FRESH vanilla chocolate in the mar- ;
ket Delic ous as a bsvera£e and su-
perior to any v s.ve;te'ed chocolate ;
for all kinds of pas'
At a'l f rst-closs grocers' —
35c per pound
1 r r
stating that he had sworn falsely against
Lioyd Majors. ■
Although the confession, assuming it to
be true, is practically useless, Mrs. Wag
ner's mind is almost unhinged over the
suspense, and she declares that she would
die contented if she knew the truth.
The confession said to have been made
by Showers was the suit of Abe Majors'
going to Folsom for the burglaries com
mitted in Oakland. From the time of the
lad's arrival he was made .acquainted
with the fact that Showers was the man
who had sent his father to the g.illows
Abe saw Showers twice a day, and each
time his hatred of the man naturally in
creased. George Putnam, a convict with a
hard reputation, heard Abe's story and it
is said swore that he would have venge
ance on Showers in I . half of the young
convict. March 15 Abe Majors was on
trial in Box Elder County, Utah, for the
Photograph of ABE MAJORS Taken at Box Elder
County Jail the Day He Was Sentenced to Be Shot.
murder of Police Captain Brown. On that
Putnam, hearing that tlu- lad would
c€-rtainly b< condemned to death, quar
with Showers and murdered him in
Folsom Prison. About half an hour
•.• ■ Showers • ■;: his
:• ath, and in that Interval
I is said he declared that his murder woa
to the Majors boy, I ■ de
served it because he had ■worn falsely
his father.
An effort is now being mndf to prove
the truth or otherwise of the story.
Two flays after the murder of Showers,
M;iy 17. Abr- Majors was sei tenced to be
>)■ .it on July 7. }]• ■'■■ sent a
'( itt-r to his mother, ■ v which h< gives his
IS not the
murderer of Captain Brown, but thai the
shot i .■! m>- from his brother's gun. Kbe
Ices n • wish to cast -my <>f tho responsi
bility on liis dead brother that doei
g to him, but he dec Fares that h!s
(Abe's) pistol did not have .•■ -inKl" car
tridge "in of It whi ii :;ik. n frmn him after
the murder. H< saya thai he and his
brother were not acting as highwaymen,
and were not responsible for any of !!)•■
robberies committed near Brljjhnm City.
Mrs. Wagner says that Abe did not
Oakland willingly. He tried his
•n obtain work, and when he found
this to be Impossible, he weni to Prison
Director Fitzgerald and laid the matter
before him. Mr. Fitzg< raid told Oh- boy
that he must use every endeavor to k< t
work, because being an able- fellow and
bf-ing supported by his mother rend< red
him liable to be arrested for vagrancy.
Archie at that time .i,id a wife and child
to support and could not do it. and h< also
]<int heart and the two went off together.
They were not armed with anything but
revolvers, such as everybody, they say.
carries when journeying from town to
town in that mountain district.
Mrs. Wagner does not believe that her
boy had a fair trial. She has received
Information that on account of prejudice
against him he was rushed t<> trial; he
had no money with which to procure an
GATES ARE ORDERED
FOR DEATH'S CURVE
Oakland Office Snn Francisco Call, oos Broadway, June<B.
GENERAL MANAGER KRI TTSCHNITT of the Southern Pacific Com
pany has already given orders to follow out the suggestions made In
Thp Call regarding the dangerous curve fit Webster and Second streets.
Several weeks apo t li« • statement regarding this dangerous point
and the manner in which the railroad company was violating the terms of
its franchise wu published In this paper. Three >layp auo another victim
was killed at this spot, and The Call reiterated its evidence of the violation
of the' law by the Southern Pacific.
This has now had its effect, and General Manager Kruttfcehnitt will have
a system of safety gates erected at this highly dangerous curve, in an in
view Mr Kiuttschnitt said:
"There is an optional feature to the franchise, and the company decided
that it would take advantage of the option and keep the approach clear
within the distance specified. If this haa not been done I am ignorant of
ii what way it hai been violated, r have discussed the matter with Di
vision Engineer Curtis, and he has told me that he does not believe the
lumber piles there obstruct the view, ar.d if there bo a flagman's house it is
o small to be much of an obstruction. However, the company is now
. id* to 'tut in a safety BVsWm., and th<- apparatus, including the gates, has
ordered constructed in the East It may have started already, and in
any event it will l" erected in a t«m ireelca. The approach is similar to. that
in use on the road a< West Oakland, which is thoroughly protected by gates.
1 think this sysiom will answer all objections to the condition of affairs on
the Webster-street curve."
THE SAX FKAX CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 4, 1890.
attorney, and no one even took the
trouble* to open communication with the
boy's only parent and puardtan. Within
seventeen" days of the time that the mur
der was committed In the Utah hills Ahe
Majors was arrested, had a preliminary
examination, was tried In the Superior
Crurt, sentenced to death and chose to
be shot. His mother declares it to be im
pcSßible that hr should have had a fair
trial and have taken advantage of all his
rlprhts under the circumstances. Abe has
assured his mother of his innocence, and
Mrs. Wapner firmly believes him.
The unhappy woman was stricken down
with partial paralysis when she received
the news of th- death of one son and the
arrest of the other, and she is still in a
very precarious condition. To add to her
life of agony, she fs not able to procure
one cent with which to take a trip to
Box Elder County |ai] to see her boy
before he forfeits his life. Her friends are
almost as poor as herself and cannot
raise sufficient money to buy a ticket to
Utah. This last sorrow, the fear that
her boy may pass away without her being
ajjle to embrace him once more., is daily
crushing the life out of hrr. She has con
fided to those who are taking care of her
that if she cmilii know the truth one way
or another of the guilt of her first hus
band and could have it made possible for
her to take a trip to where her boy is in
jail, she would be more than willing that
her earthly career should then close.
A letter received to-day In Oakland from
Sheriff H. 11. Cordon of Box Elder County
Bays that "Majors' behaviour is excellent,
and the way he keeps up under the cir
cumstances Shows that he has a nerve
whii h few men possess. He eats and
sleeps well, and does not seem to worry
in the least."
Referring to the manner in which sen
tences of drath are carried out in Utah.
Sheriff Cordon said: "Our statutes do
not define any mode of procedure regard
ing the execution of criminals who are
condemned to death. It has been custom
ary to use from four to six pruns. nne of
which has a blank cartridge, and in this
case the only plan laid out is the custom
of the past. I have not made any de
tailed arrangements yet for .Tuly 7."
The purposi of having one cartridge
blank is that none "of the men who Use
the K'nis can be positive which Qred the
fatal shot.
A Sacred Concert.
ALAMEDA, J\:<.\f 3.— A sacred on< n
■ n to-mi rrow evening In the
First M. E. Church, Alameda, under the
direction of E. T. M. Ecbert. assisted by
a chorus of forty voices, an orchestra of
ten pieces, a piano and an organ. The
music will all be taken from A. Gaul's
-acred cantata, "The Holy City." The
?hbir from St. Joseph's Church will also
issist in this concert.' The following pro
;ramme will be rendered:
Introduction, "Contemplation," organ
md piano; "No Shadows Yonder,"
:horus: "To Thee, <> Dear. Dear Coun
try," chorus; "Eye Hath Not Seen." so
prano solo; "The Fining Pot Is for Sil
ver"; "Come, Ye Blessed," contralto solo:
Intermezzo, "Adoration," organ and
piano; (a) air, "A New Heaven and a
New Earth," (b) choral sanctua, "Holy,
Holy, Holy; (a) "List, the Cherubic
Host," chorus; (b) solo, "And I Heard the
\*oice of Harpers"; "Holy City" (Adams),
solo; "Thin< Is the Kingdom." chorus.
E. T. M. Eckert, musical director; Miss
M. J. Smith, organist; Mrs. Marguerite
Wilbourn, pianist.
« ♦ ■
Cannot Punish Lamborn
AL*AMEDA, June 3.— The City Trustees
decided last night at a meeting of th>
committee of the whole to have Railroad
avenui widened and the property lin"s
straightened between Paru and Park
Btreets.
T!.< matter of punishing City <"lerk Lam
horn for the alleged instigation of trouble
at the electric worka ;.nd fur filing suit to
'!:■! •>.- Mackie and Schulte from
office Was taken up, but dropped like a
hoi potato. City Attorney Taylor advised
the members thai Lamborn was an elec
tive officer; thai he was governed only by
the provision* of the city charter and that
the Trustees had no authority to direct
or dictate to him.
.■ ♦ ■
Baldwin-Glascock Wedding.
OAKLAND, June 3.— County Clerk Jor
dan to-day Issued a marriage license I <
Alexander R. Baldwin and Miss Jessie K.
Glascock. The former is a popular young
attorney, while the prospective bride is a
daught« r of ex-Congressman John H.
Glaacock. The wedding will take place
June 7.
ALL HANDS IN
THE DEAL AT
THE CITY HALL
Hodgkins Seemsto Be
in Favor.
MAYOR IS NOT AMBITIOUS
NEXT WEDNESDAY MAY SEE
THE TANGLE CLEARED.
Dr. Derrick Objects to Religious Af
fairs Entering City Administra
tion — Ex-Chief Schaf er Also
Has an Idea.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
MS Broadwa-y, June 2.
Mayor Snow was very much amused
1 this morning to read in a morning paper
J that he would act as Chief of Police, es
pedally because a few days ago in the
same paper he read that he had already
appointed Detective Hudgkins to the po
sition, which, strand \ is not yet
vacant and in still held by Chief Fletcher.
Botb <'t these stories arp the same that
have been banded out at the City Hall to
everybody tor weeks past— gold bricks.
Mr. Dow. who is one-half of the Repub
lican majority of the Board of Public
Works, stated to-day that he will leave
Monday morning for his farm in Sutter
County. He declares he is not trying to
avoid the question of police changes, Lut
i Intends to take his family away for some
weeks.
The Mayor says: "My attention has
been called to an article stating that I
I assume control of the police force.
1 have no intention of acting as Chief < >f
Police. Applications lor that position art
already too thick to leave me any oppor
tunity if 1 <!■ sired."
There seems to be a prevailing opinion
that among all the candidates to succeed
Chiei Fletcher Detective Hodgkins may
be the lucky man. 'l his is not yet deter
mined upon, but indications point to him
/ing tn< Inside track. Chief Fletch
er may noi retire at present, yesterday
he w ■ ted for a while with City At
torn< s Dow. To-day he ha.d a conference
with City Engineer Clement. Last Mon
day night he had a conference with Mayor
Snow, in which he declares he was misled
by the Mayor as to what had preceded
his action in calling upon him. The pa
per which has most loyally supported
Mayor Snow published an article last
nipiu headed "A Gold Brick." and in it
conveyed the impression that the Mayor
had induced Chief Fletcher to ask to be
retired <>n rt-presentatlons that had not
materialized. The Mayor stated that ho |
had conferred with other members, but
this Mr. Clement and Mr. Dow deny.
Again, at last Wednesday's meeting It
was given out that th* programme of the
Mayor would go through if Mr. Clement
had been present. This is misleading, for
the board did vote to grant Captain
Fletcher's application to retire, and could
Just as i-.i.-ii\ and legally have voted t>
name his successor had any agreement i
been r< ached.
There will not be a regular meeting nf
the board until next Wednesday, and un
less Mr Dow changes his plan be will bo
in Suiter County .-it that time.
Ex-Chief of Police Louis Bchafer, who
is now a member of the City Council,
made ■ statement to-night saying that
the Police Commission and the Council
are catering too much to politics and the
infiii. '.'■• of bad advisors. He Bays that
Hodpkina will make a good Chief of Po
lice, i >;• there is no us. of removing <"';:)>
--tain Fletcher, who is a very able man.
He says that should it be contemplated
to promote Officer McCloud to a ser
geantcy it would be an outrage, because
Bis r< cord ;is a police officer is si
that he was dismissed from tbe force,
kept nut of the department tor t<-n
months and was put back through a po
litical pull under the pretext of charity
to a man who could get nothing .]-. to lo
Dr. Gf-orgp if. Derrick. State presldeni
of the A. P. A., i:- also In prim with Boma
views or, th- subject of politics generally
Regarding the city Imbroglio he says:
"I do not say that religion has anything
to dn with the changes taking place it
the City Hail, but I am not ashamed of
my principles. My idea has always been
to separati politics and religion, and I am
-t any religion entering Into the ;■,'
--i ministration <>f our government, l w
Mil have Father Mi Nally dictate to
Ime a? Dr. C. tt. Brown. 1 do believe In
rewarding faithfully those who work (,
the successful ticket during the cam
paign. This.- who were opposed to the
Republican candidates should be ousted
I have nothing to say against Kir" Chief
Ball. T underdstand he Is a good chief
But this should not prevent good Repub-
Means from securing positions. T am not :
using my influence to effect tin se
changes, and do not believe that religion
should have anvthine- to do wiih the i it
ronaeri of the < lity Hall."
It is nrobnble that a compromise will he •
reached which tray include both police
and fire departments at next Wednes
days meeting.
BIGAMY CHARGES
MAY BE DROPPED
MRS. MINNIE AMES NOW SUES
FOB, DIVOKCE.
Alameda's Vanished Library Trustee
Will Make No Contest and the
Criminal Charges Will
Not Be Pressed.
Oakland Office San Francis™ Call
WR Broadway, June 3.
Oeorj?e Spencer Ames, former Alameda
Library Trustee, who suddenly disap
peared one day last September and who
is wanted on clfargea of bigamy, was to
day made defendant in a divorce suit
filed by Mrs. Minnie A. Ames, his second
wift , who resides in Alameda.
It is currently rumored that since Ames'
first wife recently secured a decree of di
vorce a compromise had been effected
with Mrs. Ames No. 2 whereby the latter
will also be allowed to secure a decree
uncontested, and that then Mr. Ames will
be given an opportunity to start life anew
with his third wife, formerly Tessle Skel
ly, whom he married in Santa Rosa. In
the divorce complaint filed to-day Mrs.
Ames sues on the ground of infideiity and
failure to provide, and no stress is
laid upon the iact of bigamy, this proba
bly being part of the consideration in the
supposed compromise. The complaint
was prepared and filed this afternoon by
Senator E. K. Taylor.
The disappearance of ex-Library Trus
tee Ames last September created a de
cided sensation and preceded only a few
days the discovery of his bigamous ca
reer. Ames was also formerly chief en
gineer at the Alameda Electric Railway's
plant. His whereabouts is • still un
known, though it is supposed that he is
in hiding in San Francisco or has gone to
Manila. Wealthy friends are said to
have been at work for a long time past
In efforts to effect a compromise with
Mrs. Ames No. 2, whereby she should t>
allowed to secure a divorce and at the
same time drop all further prosecution of
the bigamy charges. This, it is believed,
has been accomplished.
Li la Gertrude Brearty also filed suit for
a divorce from Francis W. Brearty tor
day. alleging failure to provide, and pro
ceedings were also commenced this after
noon by Adele Thomas for a legal sepa
ration from N. Thomas on the grounds
of desertion and neplect. The Thomases
also reside in Atemeda.
MRS. STORM FOUND GUILTY.
She Bravely Admits Having Thrashed
Alameda's Poundman.
ALAMEDA, June 3.— Mrs. Delia Storm,
| the little woman who whipped Poundmus
| ter Ewing when he undertook to impound
her cow, was found guilty of battery to
day by a jury in Justice Morris' court.
She was recommended to the extreme
mercy of the court, and the Judge fined
i her $1. The defendant was not at rII !
; backward in telling how she had knocked i
the poundmaster's front teeth out of
place.
"I did slap his face. Judge: I can't lie
about it." she said; "and I would do it
again if he attempted to take my. c<>-?c j
1 am a widow, but I feel able to take
care of myself. T am sure Mr. Ewlng will
admit that. I was peeling; potatoes for :
dinner When he took t-he cow, and I .iust
dropped the pan and went after him. <
Blood began to flow from his mouth and
nose after the second slap, but I did not '
think that a little hand like mine would
hurt such a big man as the poundman."
The jury was out three hours before it
reached a verdict.
■ m ■
FOUND A SMALL COFFIN.
. Months Ago an Unknown Infant Was
Buried on the Beach.
OAKLAND. June 3.— While gathering
driftwood at the foot of Chestnut street
to-day Mrs. Frank F. Mills discovered a
j little coffin containing the skeleton of an
infant. She saw a box half-embedded in
, the mud and called two lads to dig it out
| for her. It proved to be a (.ilin contain
ing the remains of an infant a few
months old. The coffin was carefully made
and was about two feet long. It had
probably been buried many months in the
mud. but the tide had partially revealed
its hiding place. There was nothing in or
SCENE OF THE MYSTERY.
on the enffln that might throw any light
on the discovery and the Coroner will not
hold an inquest.
• ♦ ■
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAXP, June ?,.— Charles Fay, the
dairyman now serving sentence in the
fount.- Jiiil tor having brutally beaten
his little daughter, proposes to fight his
wife's suit for divorce. He baa been given
until next Wednesday in which to plead.
'I be estate of the late John C. dines has
be< n appraised at {8760, consisting of $760
money in bands of administratrix, $100
furniture, and real estate at 1271 Eighth
avenue, $2900.
Letters of administration on the estate
of William R. Wheaton with will an
nexed were Issued by Judge Hall to-day
to Qeorge H. Wneaton upon the latter
giving a bond in the sum of $6000.
The Heesemans will try conclusions at
baseball with the J. J. O'Brien's of San
Francisco at Freeman's Park to-morrow
afternoon. The phenomenal Platt will be
in the box.
Ann Upkoji was given judgment
agaiiiM Augusta Kramm and others for
$3923 80, which ;1 " claimed was due her
wards, Julius, Herman E., Carl and Em
ma Brew ■ r
Rev. A. B. Winchester, one of the lead-
Presbyterlan ministers In Victoria,
B. C arrived here to- lay and will preach
at the Brooklyn Presbyterian Church to
morrow morning and at the First Presby
terian Church in the evening.
Dr. Ambrose Sander was arrested this
afternoon by Kir" Chief Hall and a po
liceman for violating the lire limit ordi-
The doctor was worktnar on a
frame building on Franklin street.
The Hoard of Education last night
adopted an estimate of expenditures for
the next fiscal year, increasing me ex
penses for grammar and primary schools
$■'1 t;75 90 over last year's estimates. This
includes $10,000 for two new school sites
in the annexed district.
Frank rhilos Cook will begin a series of
lectures on "Involution and' Evolution as
Showing How to Succeed in Life," Wed
nesday evening next at Truthanla Hall,
521 Thirteenth Btre* i.
Attorney Austin Lewis of San Francisco
will address the Oakland section. Social
ist Labor Party, at Grand Army Hall, to
morrow evening, on "The Commercial
Crisis."
The first real estate auction sale of the
season held l>y William J. Dingee this af
ternoon indicated a very healthty market.
Fifty sub-divisions of business and resi
dence properties on San Pablo avenue,
Market . Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth
streets wer« sold and all brought good
prices. _ _ ■
Huber Is Not Dead.
OAKLAND, June 3.— Harry Huber, the
son of C. O. Huber of this city, has not
been maimed and executed in Manila. His
father has received information from the
Philippines tn which it Is stated that as
the result of a conference between officers
of Aguinaldo and Genera] Otis three pris
oner! were released. They were Hunni
man Huber and Sonrlckson. General Otis
sent a supply of provisions t0 be usetJ by
the American prisoners, who report that
An'uinaldo treats his prisoners of war
well.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SISTER: READ MY FREE OFFER
jetfi^^^^^^f^ Wise Words to Sufferers
J^^^^S^^W^K Fiom a Woman of Hotre Damp, Ind.
iwS^^l^^^^^rt^WmV I will mail, free of any charge, this Home Treat-
Maif ■ I^^^^S m\Hi i ment w ' tn ' ull instructions and the history of my own
[ kwK^=2£^ *^W»iii§«s»iblllt \ case to an !ady suffering from female trouble. You
'■•■.'a&_^4EE*»» \,\>'\ can cure yourself at home without the aid of any
I Ws"'i ?MM l ''li¥ \| 11 physician. It will cost you nothing to pive the
mfJii'mmS' '^B I M//}LW'>\m treatm ent a trial, and if you decide to continue it
MM i i : '' : 'Jsmm : W /%3 ZtrJßwl/ill- \ ill will only ? 6t you about twelve cents a week.
IT & ■'■VtSJK^E! frdnnßsrJr'A.} If It will not interfere with your work or occupation.
\itJ /-, |R mWIL^ ''-a^Hy- * i\\n tl '• W ' have nothing to sell. Tell other sufferers of it—
W'////r\ Sfe'*^*^' -■': WKr v\\f Bi/ that is all l ask ' It cures all, young or old.
\VL^\FW^ !^- ■£]£Wilk\mWsW . a ®" If you feel a bearinir-down sensation, sense of
\^r SyiwH^i. -^S^-" 3aftBf\vllli' M/ impending evil, pain in the back or bowels, creeping
X^wWsHliß^^^^ V?*?r % fw feeling up the spine, a de.-iire to cry frequently, hot
TU'A ffl^g WM4 W flashes, weariness, frequent desire to urinate, or if you
\H/f^^^p' •••ss{ .*■ have Leucorrhea (Whites), Displacement or Falling
*\ t '%• ''' yj ''^t)^^ °f tne Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Periods,
-; 2 ' ■ J**^ '• Tumors or Growths, address MRS. M. SUMMERS,
mS^^^^ . . NOTRE DAME, IND., U. S. A., for the Free
C. - ... Treatment and Full Information.
Thousands besides myself , have cured themselves with it. I send it in plain wrappers. .
TO MOTHERS OF DAUGHTERS I will explain a simple Home Treatment which speedily and
effectually cures Leurorrhea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young ladies.
It will save you anxiety and expense and save your daughter the humiliation of explaining' her
troubles' to others. Plumpness and health always result from its use.
: Wherever you live I can refer you to well-known ladies of your own state or county who know and-
will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures, all diseased conditions of our
delicate female orpanism, thoroughly strengthens relaxed muscles and ligaments which cause dis-
placement, and makes women well. Write to-day, as this offer will not be made again. Address
MRS, M. SUfiriERS, box 34, Notre Dame, lnd., U.S. A.
EVIDENCE OF
MURDER FOUND
IN A CELLAR
Grewsome Relics of
an Old Crime.
A CLEW TO A MYSTERY
BLOODSTAINED HAT AND A
DENTED SKULL UNEARTHED.
Discovery That Is Thought to Ex
plain the Sudden Disappear
ance of an Aged Mexican
Half-Breed.
ALAMEDA. June 3.— Workmen who
were engaged yesterday demolishing the
old Bisset House, corner of Encinal ave
nue and Grove street, brought to light the
grewsome evidence of a crimp committed I
so long ago that but a faint iflea of its ,
nature and but a meager clew t"
identity of the victim are possible. That
murder was done and the unforn:
dragged beneath the house and uuriel j
there can be but little doubt.
Yesterday afternoon, while the men
were removing the flooring from the first
story of the annex an end of one of th,
bu;iri!s caught on some projection in the
dark space between the joists and the
ground. An Investigation disclosed an
old felt Mi xican sombrero, on one side of
which was a hole apparently nrnn.
si>n;<- dull instrument. Around the hole
was a dark discoloration not unlike h.i
man blood. The basement where the flnd
was made was Inaccessible, and it bad
never been thought that any human ha !
been in the place since the building was
erected away back in 18S3.
The finding <1f the hat and its suspicious
marks puzzled the workmen. They fas
tened to rip up the flooring, and when day
light was let into the chamber there was
found near the chimney of the annex a
mound resembling a grave, at the head
of which was a small cross roughly hewn
from two pieces of redwood. It was i n
top of the mound that the old sombrero
had. rested. There were unnl^taktbl? evi
dences of a tunnel leading uVier the side
wall of the annex, through v*hieh a nan
| might have gained entrance mto the cel
lar from the outside, but the opening of ;
which had been carefully closed and en
tirely obliterated by the changes of time.
Fritz Boehmer Jr. excavated around the !
mound, but unearthed nothing but a few
pieces of decayed planks. Still suspicious
that the cellar held a secret, he dug
around in other sections and unco
a short-handled spade of rather ancient j
pattern. It was buried about half a foot i
beneath the surface. The shortness of
the handle indicated that it was the in
strument used by the party who had been !
working beneath the floor of the old house
where there was barely a clear space of j
two feet. The end of the spade handle i
rested near the head of the mound, while I
! the blade pointed in the direction of an
i unexplored section of the cellar.
Acting on the theory that It was the
! secret mark indicating the location of \
■ some hidden treasure, young Boehmer
began to excavate in the direction to
which the old space pointed. He had
worked but a short time when at a dis
tance of three feet beneath the surface
! he turned up a human skull and the bones
i of an arm.
On one side of the skull was a ragged
I hole corresponding with the position of
the rent in the blood-stained sombrero, j
j The condition of the bones and the shovel j
I woulfl indicate that they had been under
I ground for a great number of years.
Many theories are advanced to account
I for the mysterious manner in which the
j grewsome relict found their way into the
j almost inaccessible basement. Old resi
; dents who live. in the vicinity of the Fisset
House tell queer stories of the sudden dis
appearance years ago of a mysterious
Mexican. Those who believe in spirits
tell in all seriousness of ghostly noises
about the old building and about the
statement of a spiritualist who asserted
that the basement of the structure was
'■■ studded with dead men's bones.
| The story of the old Mexican is given
. most credence, ami is borne out by ihe
I statements of Mrs. W. H. Waltz of 2846
; Van Buren street, who has lived near the
building almost since the time it was
erected, back in is.">::.
It was first occupied as a seminary for
young ladles, and was conducted by Dr.
Deal, a Methodist minister. The semi
nary proved a failure after an existence
of. three years, and the building became
j vacant. Early in the sixties an old half
breed Mexican made it his headquarters.
He was a surly old lellow. threacherous
! and quarrelsome, and was feared by the
f f w people who then li\ed on the Encinal.
! He was reputed to i ossess considerable
W< ulth.
A few days before ho disappeared he
i was visited by a Spaniard, who came from
San Francisco. Th" fellow hung about
the place, but did ''verything possible to
avoid attracting attention. One night the
sound of loud voices was hoard emanating:
from the old seminary. There was the
{ roise of a scuffle, a suppressed groan and
I all was still. None ol the old residents
remember having seen the old Mexican
after that night.
The following day Mrs. Waltz, then a
girl of fourteen, had an experience that
made an indelible impression upon her
mind and enables her -at this time to
i t!l vividiy the occurrences of so long
; ago.
She was being visited by a girl friend
i who had been a student at the seminary.
1 Desiring to take a look at the room she
bad occupied in the school, she requested
Mrs. Waltz to accompany her through
the woods to the building.
The girls found the door open and wer»
about to enter when they were hailed by
the Spaniard, who was running toward
them threatening their lives if they en
ten l the bull din^r.
"We were nearly scared to death," said
Mrs. Waltz in relating the story to a re-
Porter, "and, running through the door
way, we closed the door and bolted it
b.-forp the Spaniard reached us. He tried
to get in one of the windows, but we
fastened it also. We noticed that he was
much agitated and as pale as a ghost.
"Finally we made a noise in the rear
of the house as though we were going
out through the kitchen, and when hft
ran around to stop ns we hastened back
to the front door and made our escaue.
He chased us through the woods lor
<iuite v distance, but finally gave up and
returned to the seminary.
"I have never seen him since. I al
ways believed he was bent on mischief,
and' the finding of the bones and hat un
der the seminary floor convinces me that
he murdered the old Mexican and hid his
body where the bones were found."
"77"
"breaks up"
COLDS
That have Lingered.
You don't want a Cold to
linger through the Summer,
into the Fall and Winter
j months, so break it up by
using "77."
To learn about the Cure or
I Colds and other diseases ask
1 your druggist for or send for a
free Copy of Dr. Humphreys'
Specific Manual and doctor
yourself at home.
Humphreys' Medicine Co.. Cor. William «
i John Sts.. New York. •
AUCTION SALES.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK.
i SUN FAT & CO., NO. 33 GEARY STREET,
Will Be Sold Out
BY AUCTION
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CREDITORS.
-^Commencing
TO-MORROW.
MONDAY JUNE 5, 1899
! At 2 and 8 p. m. dally until all are disposed of,
Consisting of
CHINESE AND JAPANESE GOODS; Old
Gold, Satsuma and Cloisonne Wares; Bronzes;
j Ebony Goods; a -beautiful collection of 'Carved
j Ivory Goods; Silks; Silk Piece Goods; Ladle*
! and Gentlemen's Underwear; Silk Bed Spreads;
j Robes; Jackets and Table Covers. A full line at
! Ebony Goods, Cabinets, Tables, Stoves, Screen^
! etc. . C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneers. '
AUCTION SALE
la* — ° F — £*
100 HORSES!
MONDAY ..June 5,
At 11 O'clock, at
J. D. HORANS STOCK AND SALE YARDS.
COR. TENTH AND BRYANT STREETS.
! I will sell at Public Auction 100 Horses be-
longing to J. W. Guthrie, consisting of Horses
weighing from 1000 to 1400 pounds, from 4 to «
years old. broken and unbroken. -Above stock
i can be seen at said yards any day previous
j to sale.' S. W ATKINS, Auctlonw.
-■. ■ • ■
1516
CRIMMINS AND
KELLY THROWN
DOWN BY CAGE
The Governor Ignores
Their Claims.
THEY NOW PLOT REVENGE
SAY THEY WERE PROMISED
BOARD OF HEALTH.
Offices at the Disposal of New Ap
pointees to Be Rendered Valueless
by Supervisors Refusing to
Appropriate Money.
The action of Governor Ga?f in ignoring
the claims of Orimmins and Kelly in
making his appointments to the Beard of
Healtb of Pan Francisco has raised a
norm of Indignation hhhhir the followers
<-f the two local bosses, ami threats
being freely made that the Governor's
alleged breach of faith shall profit him
little. Dan lturns is also roundly de
nounced for the part he took In "throw-
Ing down" his erstwhile allies, and alto
gether there is a pretty fight brewing
among local politicians of the spoilsman
The threats of Crimmins and Kelly
to "get even" are likely to' take the form
I [ye opposition to the appoint* ■
or, and those familiar with the
local political situation admit thai I
disgruntled bosses are in a position to
•.cally minify the appointments, so
far as the distribution of patronage by
the hoard is concerned, and that they will
all their power in this direction
s to be no room to doubt for a
moment, for revenge is sweet and Kelly
■ rimmins are In a decidedly vengeful
nio.>d m the present timf.
Crimmlns and Kelly have all along
claimed the right to name the new Board
pf Health, and they declare they had the
■ tovernor and of Dan
Burns that the privilege should be ac
l thrm. They based their claim on
■ lered < ; :i s^o In this
city during the last campaign and the
further fact that thej were stanch sup
b of Dan Burns all through the
■ rial tight in the Legislature. They
persistently urged their claims to
gnitlon, and they say the Governor
red them that the appointm< nts
Bhould not be made without th.ir being
first • That this assertion is
by Burns and the Governor has
little bearing on the present situation.
The bosses claim that they were "turned
md the places they asked for
given to the nominees of the Market-
Railway and Dan Burns and that
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZEMAf FACE
Could Not Go Out. Five Months
Under a Physician. Went J
from Bad to Worse.
Gave Up Hope. Friend Recom-
mends CUTICURA. Change in
One Night. Cured One Month.
I •was troubled with eczema on the face for
five months, during which time I was in care of
physicians. My fare was in such a condition
that I could not go out. It was going from bad
to worcc and I gave up all hope, when a friend
of mine highly recommended CcticCKA Reme-
dies. The first night after I washed my face
with CcncL-BA Soap and used Cuticcra (oint-
ment) and Cuticuka Resolvent it changed
■wonderfully,' and continuing the treatment it
removed all scales and scabs. From that day I
was able to go out, and in a mouth my face
tea* at clean at erfr. THOMAS .1. BOTH,
July 23, 1898. 312 Stagg St., Brooklyn, N. T.
EVERLASTING itching
And Burning of the Skin Cored by CUTICDBA.
For the last three months I have been troubled
with an everlasting itching and burning of the
■kin on my face, and did not know what to do
, to cure it. I was prevailed upon to try CCTl-
cx'ka Remedies. The result was simply won-
derful. In one week after lining the Ccticcra
Soap and Cuticura Resolvent I vat entirely
rid of it, and my skin ia in a healthy condition.
I). EL VAN GLAHN, 721 Stockton Ft., San Friu.,Cai.
CUTICURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
* That Is to say, It purities the blood and circu-
lating fliillc or Hcmok Übkms, and thus removes
thecaKJie, whtii 1 warm baths with Cftioub* soap,
and gentle anointings with Cimcor.A (ointment),
greatest of cmollli-nt skin cures, cleanse the skin
end sculp of crusts nnd scales, allay itching. burn-
ing, and inflammation, hoot ho and heal. Thai are
«peedllv, permanently, and economically cured
the most torturing, disfiguring humors or fia
skin, scalp, ana blood, witii loss of hair, when '.ho
best physicians and all oilier remedies tail.
Sold throughout the world. Pottkb TV|iChkm.Co«p.,
Bole Piopt.. lioatoo. How to Cure Every Humor," free.
SAVE VflJ'n HA ' Q hr w .V™.,,^! (im a0 '
THE
BLACK
GOODS
HOUSE.
Shirt Waists
Dress Skirts
Black Silk Surah Waists at $3.50
Back Siik Taffeta; Waists at $4.50-
IWe invite the attention of in-
tending purchasers, to. above
values in Waists.
150 styles of DRESS/SKIRTS, in
the latest fabrics and newest
cuts.
R. T. Kennedy Co.,
1106 Market Street.
MAYOR PHELAN WILL NOT CALL
THE SUPERVISORS TOGETHER
MAYOR PHELAN conferred with Supervisors Byington, Deasy,
Perrault, Lackmann and Heyer yesterday In his office. It was
the unanimous sentiment that the public business did not re
quire a meeting of the Board of Supervisors to-morrow, and
the Mayor derided not to call one. The adjournment of the
board last week without fixing a day on which to meet leaves the mat
ter in the hands of the Mayor under the consolidation act, which pro
vides for only four meetings a year, the next one being Monday,
July 3.
i they were not only not consulted in the I
matter but were ignored absolutely.
There has been ho secret about the I
fight for the Health Hoard appointments
that was being made by Orimmtoß and
Kelly. They brought every possible in
fluence to bea* on the Governor, even in
cluding Sam Uainey, who churned the
right to be heard because he had exerted
his influence among the Democrats of nan
Francisco to aid in the election of Gage.
T!u Governor listened attentively to the
arguments, but when it came to making
the appointments it appears that he chose
to repudiate ihe Crimmlns and Kelly out
tit and any promises he may have made
!,. them and accept the advice and dicta
tion of Bums and the railroad. This is
i not the lirst time Orimmlns and Kelly
' have been ignored by the Governor and
the Mexican, but it is the most bitter dose
' they have been compelled to swallow, and
hence they determined to be rev.nged.
The fact that a number of the mem
bers of the Hoard of Supervisors are prac
: tlcally controlled by Kelly and Crimmina
will furnish them the means to retaliate
with effect on the Governor and those
who are figuring on feeding on the politi
cal pap to be distributed by the Hoard of
Health. Aside from the statutory ap
pointments, which are comparatively lew
in number and importance, the plaei B at
disposal of the board are at their
discretion. The salaries of the statu
tory officers are provided for by law, and
City and County Auditor Is com
manded to audit them and the County
Treasurer to pay them without awaiting
any special appropriation by the Board
Supervisors, the money being taken
either from the general fund, the hospital
fund or the almshouse fund.
But the great bulk of the patronage of
, the board is in the way of voluntary ap
pointments, and the compensation de
i pends almost entirely upon the willing
ness of the Board of Supervisors to grant
the necessary appropriations asked for by
| the Board of Health. The Board of Su
pervisors, according to the programme of
revenge outlined by Kelly and "Mrntnins, ;
will refuse to appropriate money for the
payment of thes-- appointees of the Board :
of Health, and the result will be that :i?
a patronage proposition the Board of
Health will bring little profit to those :
ri sponslble for the snub to the bosses.
whose wrath hns been incurred by the al- j
l< pjed perfidy of Dan and the Governor.
Of course such a programme will seri- |
ously cripnlo the effectiveness of the
Hoard of Health and react upon the city,
but that fact will not be allowed to Inter
fere with the desires ot Crimmins and
Kelly. They •want revenge, and they are
; bound to have it. no matter at whnt cost
toothers. Fortunately the appointees of
the Governor go out of office when the
new charter goes into effect at the begin
ning of the new yar.
VISITED THE PRESIDIO.
Cadets of the Japanese Training' Ship
Inspected the Army Post.
The cadets of the Japanese training ship
Have) visited the Presidio on Friday
morning and were extended every facil
ity for Inspecting the post. There were
fifty-eight of the young midshipmen, un
der the command of J. Klyokawa. who is
the senior officer of the cadet?. The young
Japanese officers were met at the Clay
street wharf at 9 oclock by Captain No
ble of General Shaffer's staff. It was
originally intended- that they should be
taken to the Presidio on the Government
steamer McDowell and around the bay
to visit the different posts, but the Mc-
Dowell was being used by the Medical
Corps for the transfer of sick soldiers
from the City of Puebla. so th- party
took the Union-street cars to the Pre
sirtin.
When they arrived at the post they
called on Colonel Freeman, who is now
in command, to pay their respects. The
officers of the post then took the young
foreigners in hand and showed them
around. They inspected the barracks
with particular interest, and made many
inquiries about the things they saw. Cap
tain Noble -said that most of the young
men spoke excellent English, and that
nothing seemed too small to escape their
notice. The cadets were profuse in their
thanks for the courtesies shown them.
They informed Captain Noble that at the
Japanese Military School they have four
classes as at Annapolis. The cadets now
on the Hayei are classmates; The offi
cers of the Hayei will return the courte-
Ei< a shown them some time next week,
when a play will be Riven aboard the
training ship by the cadets.
Sarsfield's chronic ulcer salve will cure
piles, eczema, salt rheum, ulcers, fever
sores, diseases of the rectum, etc. All
druggists. Three sizes, $1, 60c and 25c •
VETERAN FIREMEN MEET.
Arrange Details for Their Annual
Picnic at San Jose.
The recently organised Veteran Fire
man's Association met on Friday and
completed final arrangements for its pic
nic at San Jos.' to-morrow. The commit
tees reported that all details were being
rapidly perfected and that a large crowd
would attend. Th.- lirst train will leave
Thin! and Townsend streets Sunday
morning at B o'clock. The picnic will be
held at Agricultural Park, San Jose, and
the chief feature of the outing will be a
series ol well arranged coursing matches
The following new members were
elected: J. F. Mathews, F. \v Clapp
John S. Brant, Thomas j. Coogan Rich
ard Otio, William Kelly. John Crosby Jo
seph Curringham, Alfred Davis, "j. S
Blakely, 8. Klgilo and K. LffWton, assist
ant chief of the Oakland Fire Depart
ment.
Th.- association Is a purely local chari
table and beneficial organization cora
]>o:-ed of ex-members of the department
Who served from 1866 to ISS6, and active
firemen who have been in the department
ten consecutive years.
THE PRESIDENT AGAIN
INVITED TO CALIFORNIA
THE Ohio Society of California has forwarded to President and Mrs Mc-
Kinley an invitation to visit California, the adopted home of Its mem
bers, during the present year. The . matter was taken in hand some
time ago and a committee consisting of J. Matt Long C C Wads
worth, E. L. Baldwin, E. J. Ensign and J. M. Gleaves was appointed The
first work of the committee was to have the invitation prepared and it
\x a work of art. The words of invitation are engraved on a handsomely
ornamented plate of solid gold. In the left-hand corner is the familiar de
sign of the sun setting back of the Golden Gate, the bear of California
and a Wreath of golden poppies with a cluster of grapes. The right-hand
corner is ornamented with the great seal of the State of Ohio
If the President accepts the invitation the sons of the Buckeye State will
do their best to show him that Ohio te not the only State in the Union
THE BAl* FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1599.
SOME FACTS FOR
AUDITOR WELLS
TO PONDER OVER
A Business Man for
License Collector.
FRED LEES' QUALIFICATIONS
INCIDENTS OF HIS FORMER AD
MINISTRATION.
Large Corporations Permitted to Es
cape Payment of Their Just
Obligations During His
Term.
Only a few days ago Auditor Asa R.
Wells stated in a printed interview that
bo far as he was concerned nobody but
a thorough business man should receive
the License Collectorship.
At the time he made that statement
Auditor Wells was pledged to vote for
Vred W. Lees for the position. Mr. Lees
has already tilled the office of License
Collector, and here is a small portion of
the record of his administration, show
ing his extraordinary' capabilities as a
"business man":
When Lees went cut of office two years
ago his successor found in checking up
the books that many of the largest busi
ness firms in the. city— wholesalers having
large interests and equally great influence
—were the recipients of material favors
at the hands of the License Collector in
asmuch as they had not been paying the
municipal tax required by law. Their
licenses had been reduced, while the
smaller firms were compelled to pay the
full limit. This differential was speedily
corrected and the bunks of the license
office will show that these linns are now
paying $I.VKI v year more than they did
during Lies' term.
But the biggest hole In the office into
which the city's money was permitted to
pour was that connected with the opium
selling business. Lets' -successor found
hundreds of places In the city where
opium was sold which paid absolutely no
license, while many others only paid a
portion of the amount lixed by law. The
correction of this evil enriched the city
$1700 a quarter, <>r $6800 a year.
Another Instance ef Lees' remarkable
business ability was discovered when his
successor looked Into the accounts of the
Market Street Railway Company. The
books showed that for the quarter ending
in July 1897— that being the time Lees sur
rendered the office— the t>lg corporation
paid license on :>? large and twenty-four
small cars, makirie a total of H13626 a
quarter. Lees' Buocessor had an idea that
the Market street company had more cars
than that number, so nu made an investi
gation with the result that during the
lirst quarter of his incumbency the com
pany was compelled to pay a license on
)•:.'. Large and twenty-six small cars, bring
ing the total up to $io^> 7;. a auarter. a
difference in the city's favor of $022 50 a
quarter, or $2090 a year.
It will be remembered that this investi
gation brought the wrath of E. P. vining
down upon the head of the new Collector,
the railroad official making some very
significant statements about a "ncv,
broom" being "too fresh," and the. like.
Vining also in retaliation refused to allow
the outside deputies ><t the license office
to ride free, a privilege all of Lees' dep
uties enjoyed.
The law provides that all theaters shall
pay an annual license of $301, and that is
what they have been paying for the past
two years, but Lees' successor found that
under the old regime they had been pay
ing only $201 a year. There is no record
in the office to show that the other $l<>o
was offset by free theater tickets, al
though Lees has always had a fondness.
for the show.
These are some of the more notable in
stances of Fred W. Lees' business saga
city, not to mention the discovery of one
defaulter in the office at the time it
changed hands, and which was quickly
hushed up. There are innumerable in
stances Involving smaller amounts where
in, it is needless to Bay, the city invari
ably suffered.
Is this the kind of "business man" Audi
tor Wells had in mind when he pledged
his vote to Lees and announced himself
in the press, and knowing now some of
the secrets of the license office during his
former administration, is Mr. Wells still
prepared to place this "business man"
again in control of the office?
Auditor Wells, it is for you, sir, to an
swer.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Milton A. Campbell, laborer, San Fran
cisco. $608 fiO; no assets. H. C. Farley,
farmer. Lambert, Sonoma County, $514;
assets, $,'JOO.
PORT WARDENS
REFUSE TO GIVE
UP THEIR JOBS
Recent Appointees
Will Have to Fight.
BRAUNHART WILL NOT VACATE
INCUMBENTS PLAN A FIRM RE
SISTANCE.
They Claim That Governor Gage's Ap
pointments Are Illegal on Ac
count of Want of Senato
rial Confirmation.
Some rare political sport is in store for
the recent appointees of Governor Gage
to the four port wardenshlps of San
Francisco. The present occupants declare
that the Governor's appointments are il
legal, and that they will resist all at
tempts to oust them from their offices.
The four incumbents are Samuel Braun
hart, State Senator as well as port
warden; Henry R. Atwood, Nelson
Provost and Percy Henderson. Governor
Gage's appointees, announced Friday, are
Charles F. Kenneally. F. W. Burnett, R.
E. Nickells and Charles Spear. The first
quartet have determined to stay in office
despite the Governor, and in no smiling
way refuse to surrender their seats of
power to the new appointees. The rea
sons for the intended resistance to the
gubernatorial powtr of the in
cumbents are founded on what they assert
to be an illegality in the appointment of
the new port wardens. They claim that
an appointment by the Governor is not
legal unless the Senate confirms it by
open and express ratification. With the
Political Code and the Supreme Court
decisions in their hands, they wave de
fiance at the chief executive of the State,
and will hold on tenaciously to the offices
which ex-Governor JBudd placed within
their grasp.
Samuel Braunhart is of firm mind in re
gard to his newly-formed resolution to
defy the Governor. "There are many and
valid reasons why the recent appoint
ments should be rented," he said last
night. "In the first place. Gage's men
can not qualify under the law, and con
st Quently the appointees would not be
port wardens. Section 368 of the Political
Code declares in positive terms what
omi ers must hold by gubernatorial ap
pointment with the consent of the Senate,
l-ntil the Senate ratifies these appoint
ments they will not stauid under the law,
"It is the duty of the incumbents to re
fuse to be unseated when their successors
cannot hold. On this ground alone I will
still refuse to surrender my position, for
I cannot as a good citizen yield my office
to one who is unable to qualify. The con
sent of the Senate not having been se
i .!•■ <!, and, following a number of Su
preme Court decisions which hold that
mere expiration of term does not create
a vacancy, we feel that we are acting in
consonance with good citizenship and our
duty to the State if we refuse to relin
quish what we hold by authority and'
right. "•
There is another code section which ap
plies directly to Governor Gage's ap
pointees, and that is section 250, subdivi
sion v, which, declares in mandatory terms
that two at U ast of the port wardens of
thia city must be master mariners:
Charles Kenneally is tee keeper of a livery
stable; T. W. Burnett is a photographer;
R. E. Nickells is a farmer, and Charles
Spear was fi former County Recorder of
Alameda. This selection will at least nul
lify two of the recent appointments.
Another mooted point relates to the ex
piration of the term. The commission
reads that tne port warden shall hold
office for four years from the time of the
Issuance <>f the commission. Braunhart's
term is the only one which expires at this
time, the others having some period to
run. At any rate, there is a tangle and
a fight brewing as well. The courts will
undoubtedly lie called on to settle the
difficulty ami untie the knot.
Ladled tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Post st.
Court Apollo Entertains.
Court Apollo No. 3946, Independent Or
der of Foresters, gave B pleasing enter
tainment in Mission Opera Hall last night
Foulard Silks
worth \ $1.00 and $1.25
this season's patterns— all new goods in the
most desirable styles and colorings for the
spring and summer of 1899, will be sold at
the greatly reduced price of
75c ,
£ %J*^ a yard.
Sale begins Monday morning at eight o'clock.
We call your particular attention to our win-
dow display of these silks.
— — — — — — — — ''•:'•_— ' '■
Wash Goods at Half Price
, This is your opportunity for purchasing light
goods for summer wear— note the values : .
Figured and striped Lap- • Silk .and plain stripe
, , , ■■"'■': Madras — a desirable fabric
pets reduced from 15c 25c j shirt .waists and outing
35c to • . suits, for
10c a yard 20c a yard
Ladies' Hosiery
We place on sale Monday a.special purchase
of ladies' fast black lisLe thread hose, Riche-
lieu ribbed with spliced heels and toes at .
103^ a pair.
Goods now on display in our toindotes.
cp •
125 to 131 Keerny St.
to its friends, who turned out in good
numbers. The programme was followed
by a dance.
WILL GO TO YOSEMITE.
Commission Leaves This Afternoon
on Its Annual Junket.
The Yosemite Valley Commission will
leave on the Fresno train at 4:30 o'clock
this afternoon for its annual junket into
the valley. The party will number thirty
persons and will occupy two private
Pullman sleepers. It will arrive at Be
renda. Tulare County, this afternoon,
and will proceed to Raymond in the
morning and from there by stage into
the valley.
It Is a distinguished party that will
make the trip, and a pleasant fortnight is
looked forward to. Those who will go are
Governor and Mrs. Henry T. Gage, Ar
thur Gage, George Denis and wife. Dr.
Carl Kurtz and wife, Dr. Bryant and Mrs.
Broderick, all of Los Angeles and guests
of the Governor; W. W. Foote and Miss
Foote, "Will Henshaw and wife. Miss Kel
logg, Judge Henshaw, W. H. Metson and
wife and Miss Metson, Charles G. Clinch,
Miss Marie Wells, C. S. Givens, Thomas
Prather and wife, Rudolph Herold, Miss
Habenicht, Miss Herold, J. J. Lermen,
Judge Kerrigan and T. T. Dargie.
BURIAL OF INDIGENT DEAD.
Finance Committee Makes Provision
for Burials Pending a Read
justment of Funds.
A representative from the Board of
Health appeared before the Finance Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors on
Friday afternoon and asked that funds
be provided to defray the expenses at
tending the burial of the indigent dead,
the contractor having refused to make
further burials until his bills, which have
been held up for several months because
of lack of funds, are paid. Auditor Wells
was consulted about the matter and after
a consultation it was agreed to pay for
present burials out of the urgent neces
sity fund pending a readjustment of the
funds now available in the city treasury
so as to provide for the payment of the
overdue demands of the contractor.
The Health Department was instructed
to arrange and provide for the burial of
the indigent dead until this readjustment
is made.
ALPHA SIGMA CONVENTION.
Election of Grand Officers Followed
by Luncheon and Music.
At the recent convention of the Alpha
Sigma Society the following named were
chosen as the grand officers for the cur
rent term: Miss Edith Williams of tne
Alpha Chapter, Oakland, lady grand; Miss
Elise Wenzelburger of the Gamma Chap
ter, Girls" High School, lady supporter of
lady grand; Miss May Jewett of the Beta
Chapter, Berkeley, recording secretary;
Miss Georgia <'arrull of the Epsjlon Chap
ter, Sacramento, corresponding secretary;
Miss Dorothea Wieland of the Delta
Chapter. Lowell High School of this city,
treasurer.
After the business of the convention had
been brought to a close there was served
a luncheon, at which Miss Wenzelburger
presided. There were responses to toasts
and a musical programme, the feature of
this being "The Alpha Sigma March."
She Is Not Insane.
Mrs. Mary I. Chamberlain was arrested
yesterday and taken to the insane ward
In the Receiving Hospital. She had been
living at 21 Franklin street, but on Friday
evening moved to 8 Gough street. Early
yesterday morning neighbors observed her
pouring chloroform into a handkerchief
ami putting it to her nostrils. As it was
thought ahe contemplated suicide the po
li« . were notified. She said she was in
the habit of using chloroform to steady
her nerves and never thought of suicide.
She was divorced several years ago from
her husband, who was then proprietor of
the Pacific Business College. Friends will
endeavor to have her released.
Salvation Army Leader Here.
Colonel C. Sowton of New York, I'ader
of the Scandinavian work in the 1 n»tert
States, and who has been army leader in
Norway and Denmark for five years and
chief secretary in Sweden for four years,
began a four days' revival' at the Scandi
navian Salvation Army's headquarters, 629
Merchant street, last night. A large
crowd attended the services. At the con
clusion of the meeting there was a general
partaking of coffee by the lads, lassies
and audience. Colonel Sowton will con
duct another meeting to-night in the same
place. He has an excellent voice and
had.- in the singing of the hymns.
Harvester King Bmaers ana Headers.
Hooker & Co.. San Francisco. •
Park Music To-Day.
March, "Hands Across the .Sea (Sousa's
latest) Kciusa
Overture, "Dune iw.uk -he" Boieidicu
"Mosaic From 'Kniani' " Verdi
Waltz. "Beautiful May" Strauss
Introduction, third act and bridal chorus from
"Lohengrin" Wagner
Overture, "beautiful (Jalatea" Bujlpe
(•line goto Perfortned hy C. Dickman
"Drinking Song" and finale from "Cavalleria
Rusticana" : Mascagni
Humoristic, "The Jolly Musicians" Muscat
"Jockey Gallon" Ric< trdl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ladies'
Silk
' . ' ■ * -
Waists
- .
Silk
Skirts!
This week we have opened an elegant
variety of NEW LADIES' SILK WAISTS in
both Colored and Black, prices ranging
from $6 to $15 each, These waists
are the very latest shapes, and are both
Corded and Tucked front, back and
sleeves.
LADIES' SILK SKIRTS— We have also
a new shipment in both Black and Col-
ored. These Silk Skirts are made with
Ruffles, Spanish Flounces and Accordion
Pleating and range in price from $6.50
to $25 each,
We have also a splendid assortment of
MERCERIZED MOREEN SKIRTS, WASH
SKIRTS, STRIPED SATEEN SKIRTS and
SILK and WOOL MOREEN SKIRTS.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 12! POST STREET
NEARLY EQUALS A RECORD
Walter D. Mansfield's Brilliant Fly
casting on Stew Lake — Scores
of the Rod-Wielders.
The weather was perfect for good work
when the members of the S;in Franriseo
Fiy Casting Club assembled at Stow Lake.
Golden Gate Park, yesterday. As a result
some excellent scores were made, Walter
Mansfield nearly Rcraaling his worlds
record in the long distance event, with
130 feet to his credit. Battu was high man
in the accuracy event, and Skinner in
that for accuracy and delicacy. The com
plete score? are as follows:
Casting tor Distance— Battu, 93 and 91
feet; Everett, 108; Mansfield, 130; Mocker,
6f>; Skinner, 90; Smyth, 100, 111% and 96;
Young. !U ! - feet
Distance and Accuracy — Battu. 92 4-12
and 91 per cent; Everett, S4 4-12: Mocker,
S5; Skinner, 88; Smyth, SS S-12, 86 and
80 4-12; Young, 92 per cent.
Accuracy and Delicacy— Net scores:
Battu, 79 2-12 and 79 4-12 per cent; Everett,
84; Mocker, 77 9-12; Skinner, 85; Smyth,
9t 6-12. S7 4-12 and S9 10-12 per cent.
Lure Casting— Battu. 91 1-5 and 72 per
cent; Mocker, 60 2-5; Skinner, 59; Young,
75 2-5 per cent.
The contests will continue at Stow' Luke
to-day.
Democrats Organize.
Democratic Club No. IS of the Thirty
first District, comprising precincts 1, £
and 3, organized Friday evening and
elected the following officers: President,
Charles Wehr; first vice president, May
Cellar, second vice president. M A
Clarke; secretary, D. J. McXamara"
treasurer, William Sand; sergeant at
arms. J. McCarty; conference commit
tee—Charles Holcomb, Thomas Cavanev
Joseph Goger, Timothy O'Connor, M A'
Clarke, Charles Wehr and D. J. McNd.
mara'.
Speeches were made by Hon. T E
Treacy, Hon. W. A. Asmussen and Hon
H. J. Jackson. Over 150 citizens signed
the membership roll. The club will meet
every Friday evening in Trades Hall. 1159
Mission street. It indorses the actions
of Mayor Phelan, and declares in favor of
the acquirement of public utilities
California Parlor's Officers.
California Parlor No. 1, Native Sons of
the Golden West, has elected the follow
ing officers for the ensuing term: Past
president. John O'Gara; president. Rom
berg Jansen; first vice president, Louis La
caze; second vice president. W. D. Hobro
Jr. ; thrd vice president. John F. Linehan •
recording secretary. J. j. Jamison; finan
cial secretary, B. p. Hanlon; treasurer,
Henry I< . Pernau; marshal, W. E. Row-
t l u S W S " r ? e °ns-Bcnjamin P. Clarke
John M. Heinemann. Howard Herrington,
D. D I.ustig; Frederick H. Stahle, F. C.
Newton, Thomas Conrad: board of trus-
u eS a» •• f • Sherm^n; collector, William
H. Staniel.s: organist. Robert H. Morse.
Adjutant General Seamans Here.
The newly appointed adjutant general
of California, W. H. Seamans of Los An
geles, arrived In the city last evening.
Among the numerous messages of con
gratulations which he received yesterday
were several invitations to dine with Na
tional Guard organizations. Among those
who wired greetings were Colonel C. Ma
son Klnne, Colonel Joseph Gersting and
Captain J. Murray Bailey. Next to Gen
eral Seamans Captain Bailey is the hand
somest survivor of the War of the Re
bellion.
Donovan's Big Haul.
Sergeant Donovan and posse last night
successfully raided the club at the south
west corner of Washington and Dupont
streets, kept by Wong Fook Jai. The po
lice guinc.l entrance to the rooms while a
game of fan tan was in full blast and tor
raled fifty men, with complete evidence.
Wong Fook is known as one of the
shrewdest clubmen In Chinatown, and al
though several attempts have been made,
this is the first successful raid that has
been made on his place in a long time.
The men were locked up at the California
street police station and charged with vis
iting at a fantan game.
A Pythian Anniversary.
Laurel Lodge No, 4 of the Knights of
Pythias will on Tuesday evening next
celebrate Its thirtieth anniversary In Py
thian Castle by giving an entertainment
to Its members and lady and gentlemen
frifcnas,
I PAINLESS DENTISTRY. %
*^5i :* \ \ \ I A / / PLATES.. S4.OO up 2r^
<^ \^X->d/ > /'Vy^' FILLINSB...2SC
*~m -~^t!?kZ%z~^' CROWNS. $3. 50 up J^
~~Jp^£i, ' J £isiiEi§~~x^ A' written .guar- gj^
5S intee for ten
*njl -^/li': Jk'^i\^ years with each qm?*
3SI '' A V » Iv Painless Extraction^*
"ji ?'O '#/ electricity our JJ^
Open Evenings and Sundays. JJ^
;§» VAN VROOM fe
2J ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS. jC
MARKET, COR. SIXTH.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
SPECIALii S Ks4^2
' A HANDSOME LADIES' DESK IX
OAK OR MAHOGANY. ITS A
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK BUT
DON'T THINK OUR STOCK OF
LADIES' DESKS IS LIMITED TO
THIS ONE STYLE. THERE ARE
' DOZENS OF STYLES— A STYLE
FOR EVERY ONE'S TASTE— AND
ALL TINY PRICED.
THE J..~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
JOI7-1023 MISSION STREET,
■> flbove Sixtb-
. Phone South 11. Open Evening!.
Painless Dentistry,
ttsl'2Ff£Tj& ShE oliH NEW
jfflSl Flesh Colored
KPfvJl w3 Cannot be detected from
mA W§ th « natural .teeth and gum.
im^B W thin a'xd stronger than
- ■ rubber.
Crowns. $3 .80. Plates. 95. Filling. SOo.
ALL. WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth at.. Cor. Stevenson.
THE HOWIE REWEDY Roator^SS
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS if they s £
wrong. . Fcr ail thne i .■ins, irreguliritiet and difficult no
remedy on earth C.. n T\\r\ Easily applied by lady her-
equ^j^3faiEous3«lJU-K!O self.ltefleve* uU pnln
jMßffik in \i"o!iib or Ovaries !ii 10 minute*.
g&SS*v»l r.-or.ii<ly jelicves Headache, Xauiea. Hlood and
S*a*SBSJ3 Blad.lcrTouW^, Famines, Nervousness, Fear
3H^wSH| ami Dc<p<..idrncy. f«rc» Leurorrlicta, Wor .. i
nBL~ El CompU'mts. Di>pliic«ir.cr.ts, Backache, Eet.inj
j^^»'' VfcSa Down Tains &ml all Kemaie Disorders. >OSv
jPxi' ' Soreness »nd Ulcerationn J/^T^
Q ♦£fekji^ov!! cheel ' 9 the spiri' 1 » n d Vlti^'lzetiSill 1
' « i daS t -' - tho whole frame. Sufe, S:^e mid Xifll'W
Absolutely Ilarinlt-HH. One 50 cint box will
CT tlPVli 'f 'S »jy na sbu> *B V All DRtTGGISTS.
0I Ml 0 ALL iHlti or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN tO MINUTES i TheP*rreetoCo.Ci«toaßi(J».CWca«o
Sold by Owl; Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy
W, J. Bryan (two stores), Grant Drug Co. in
i Oakjand Owl Prujj Co. ; ~_ _ ' mSTRANGE FATE THAR BEFELL A MAN AND A WOMAN
CONVICTS IN SAN QUENTIN.
I THANK God, my child, every minute and hour of this happy day
I have thanked God that you are still spared to us. For twelve
lons years your poor old mother has believed you were dead,
and has cherished the hope that she would some day find your
grave ana cover it with the pretty white daisies that you used
to love, and now, oh. it sJems too good to be true, that God in
i™K re> i' ' S "° l !£ adin B.tne to your grave? but is bring>ag my "baby
girl , nark to. her old homo again. Can I ever thank God enough for
the joy of this day? Only this morning I doubted him. even though
J spent the whol- , llffhl praying thai your brother would find you; r
was still ofaittle faith; for when the telegram came I was afraid to
open It for ltarof bad news.
Then Frances, your own baby Frances, who is 15 this very day,
and the wry. lmage of you. read the bltssed message: "It Is our own
Jennie. _We have found her at last." I could not hear those precious
words often enough She read them over again and again to me. until
sno^SSntcS^^ 1 Hnd WaS qUiCI *° long that thoU * ht lhe
But my child icin. | wag sp e echless because In that
SMjftiS -• ' ,; that it meant pc,
At that moment I know that, mother own tender-hearted little
jrlrl of long ago would ho resurrected from her suffering past Ido
not ask if you are. guilty, my child, but of one thing I am sure-thai
your groat unselfish heart has spared us Its trials arid wroncs
or you would not be where you arc to-day. g
The penitentiary will iih-.t y,..,. m : ba«l now dear for bavins
held you: it yielded up my dead. Having
Forp.-t cverVti rig. n I, rxceps that we lov, you nv.th^
daughter « :id brother-and are counting time by the minutes until
you arc free to lakf up ytfHr lift an» w.
God bless and keep you. dear. I would mmr to Ban Quentln to
mp*t you if I did nbi feel that my place was by th« open irate wh«ll
T wat<-h»d you no out of my life arid kissed you good-b; May tv. I
and protect you, d»-nr, is the prayer of
JTQUR LOVING MOTHER
5 HIS Is only a letter from a mother to her misguided girl- from
a mother whose undying love outlived the. disappointments
of twelve lonpr years.
For years 'she waited, hoped and prayed for the prodigal's
return. Then the mother heard that she was dead.
It Is the history of a mother's love, that did not falter at
he- threshold of the San Quentln prison, where she discovered her
The San Francisco Call.
daughter waa confined; hut glorified Itself by forgiveness. It was
J " ' ;l mother's changeless love. She could not visit San Quentin,
but Bhe did all Bhe could, she wrote the above letter to her Impris
oned wayward daughter.
And that letter has been folded, crumpled and tear-stained, as
if with frequent readings; but what it means to the woman who re
f it is told to her pillow, beneath which it rests by night, and
is pressed lovingly ;■• the penitent bosom unu.-r a conVlct's stripes
into which it i* tv rked by day.
This letter is kissed and prayed over every night and forms the
last Hi •■ in ill 'imin of tangled lives u> unite the great generous
heart "i a mother i<> her wayward daughter.
A Tale of Mother's Love.
It Is a story of love cast aside— ambition, despair, neglect, wrnnc,
Imprisonment, discovery, forgiveness, repentance and a second love.'
It is as true as truth and tho last Bcene of this drama in real life
is set within the walls of San Quentln, where two souls, who traveled
the bewildering by-ways of ih" world, at last entered the prison
gates to pay the penalty of ilirir pins.
Tt is a talo of lost love and ;i love that was found within th^
prison walls.
A story of how "Cupid" triumphed over bolts and bars under the
surveillance of turnkey and guard. And of how, even in this criminal
quarantine, where love's shut out and strife's shut in, a billet doux,
wrapped in tinfoil and tossed over the prison wall, changed the whole
prospect of four lives.
In the woman's ward at San Qirentin a happy prisoner Is count
ing time by the minutes to her day of freedom, Just a few weeks
hence; the day that will see her united to her mother and child, who
have mourned her an df-ad all thes^ twelve silent years.
Her name Is Mr*. Jennie Hastings, and she has nearly finished
hT term of two and a half years for grand larceny.
And her prison lover, who has been discharged and is impatiently
waiting to marry her?
He was known in San Quentin merely by his number, 14,604; but
his name is R. N. Cook, and his sentence of twelve years for robbery
terminated only two months since.
And thereby hangs this tale.
It is a genuine romance of the wild "West kind and begun nearly
seventeen years ago on a ranch near Santa Monica.
It began at the altar, when Jennie, the rancher's only daughter,
plighted her vows with the man whose name she still bears.
The happy bride was as talented as she was pretty, and .two
years of city life had added much to her charm of manner: but, alas,
twp years had done even more, for It filled her home with admirers,
who predicted for her a wonderful stage career. But in two years
Hastings had deserted her and she was left with a wee, helpless baby
girl, who instead of a blessing proved only a burden to the now
thoroughly ambitious woman, who from the stage had determined
to win the plaudits of the world. So she carried the child back to
the old ranch home that she had left but two short years before.
She remained with her mother until Baby Frances Xvas one year
old and then she returned to San Francisco, filled with the hope of
an earnest heart and unsophisticated ways.
But where were the friends who had encouraged her, the
memory of -whose words still rang sweetly upon her ear? She found
them now strangely silent. They had only praised her .while she
entertained them. This also she remembered.
The Path to the Penitentiary.
One day she awake to the fact that her purse "was empty and
that her promise of a theatrical engagement, like the rainbow's pot
or fold, was ever Just ahead. The first thing her friends did was
• • •
FOR TWELVE YEARS THE WOMAN WAS GIVEN UP FOR DEAD BY
HER FAMILY, WAS COURTED BY A PRISONER WHO THREW
LOVE LETTERS OVER THE PRISON WALL, AND THEN WAS
RESTORED TO HER FAMILY LV A CHAIN OF CHANCES RIVALING ANYTHING OF ITS
KIND IN THE WORLD OF FICT.ON.
to advise her to pet a place as nurse, or else take plain sewing, and
not one, of all she had known, even cared that her heart was break
ing for a word of < lfort.
Her spirit was crushed, mit her pride arose: She would never
go back to the old folks until she had fought and fought bravely for
tho place that she was sure to win. Sh<> continued to write home to
her mother, but the dates of her letters grew wider and wider apart.
Finally they ceased altogether. Weeks and months passed by and
at last word came that she was dead.
The tidings were sent from a hospital in a far-off Eastern town.
Jennie was dead, bui the other daughter was at home to cheer the
sorrowing mother, and oh, how jealously she was guarded with her
protecting love.
What was the true story of the supposed dead daughter?
Over this broad land she struggled with life's changes, tempta
tions and troubles. Youth was taxed, money gone, and the buffets
of the world crowded her at last Into devious paths until she stood
alone with her burden of crime ai the threshold of San Quentin.
She stood alone, because she would not acquaint her mother with
her life of shame. No one knew who she really was; she simply
bore a number and was convicted of a crime for which she was
paying the penalty.
• * *
One day there came into the woman's ward a messenger in
convict garb from the commissary department. This messenger was
Trusty <v.ok. Jennie Hastings was in the yard.
Tiny simply stood stock still and stared at each other.
it was a case of love at firs! sight.
It was the only spark of divine hope that had ever come into
her troubled life.
There was never much change for conversation because Prisoner
Cook was always chaperoned by the watchful guard, but a nod and
a glance were sufficient and served to strengthen the bond of sym
pathy that drew tho two prisoners closer day by day. But they
found means to communicate without being detected, as ingenious
prisoners will.
Srcret Correspondence in the Prison.
Then came long letters, •■■ litien previously, and exchanged while
the guard's back was turned.
High noon was the unusual hour chosen by them for their court
ship. At that hour the matron went to lunch.. On either side of the
high separating prison wall they wrote their letters, then wrapping
them in tinfoil they tossed them over; to be caught, unwrapped and
read by the rover on either side.
This was the way they courted each day until they were dis
covered. It was a wooing wholly suggestive of martial times; the
bombardment was real and the surrender mutual. Meanwhile they
had become engaged and the wedding day was set for the early fall.
In a few weeks Jennie Hastings will be free.
Two months ago Convict Cook's term of twelve years expired.
He passed from the prison's hateful shadow with far less Joy than
he had measured would be his, years before, because he was leaving
his sweetheart behind.
• • •
Now comes the strangest and most dramatic part of the whole
story, and it all ramp through the discharged convict trying to get
■work and prepare a home for his bride against the day when she
also would be discharged from Pan Quentin.
The people whom Cook had known at the time of his arrest no
longer trusted him.
Who would employ a convict?
There was but one thing to do; he would go to some place where
he was unknown and begin fife all over again.
After repeated efforts to obtain work and failing utterly he
mounted his wheel and started for Southern California. He had
something to live for now. He would work and save and make a
home for his promised wife.
He stopped at every ranch on his way to inquire for work and
he applied at every town through which he passed.
At every turn he was informed that ranchers were laying off
their men and merchants were discharging their clerks.
Then Fate, with irresistible purpose, guided his steps aright.
She led him straight to the hearth of Jennie Hastings' home. Straight
to the mother who believed her daughter was dead. He had no idea
it was the home of his promised bride, and they, of course, had no
suspicion that he was an ex-convict and had met the supposed dead
daughter.
Strange Caper of Fate.
With them the ex-convict found rest from his travels, employ
ment and most of all — a blessing denied him for many years — a home.
It was a home of peace, and to the man who had rested uneasily
from the jutemill labor, It was like a glimpse of Paradise.
The saint-like face of the grandmother and the innocent prattle
of Frances, the girl, hallowed the hours after work and slowly but
surely softened his nature.
He had been in this home but two weeks, when one night, after
the chores were done, Frances whispered in her grandmother's ear:
"Liet us ask the new man into the parlor; he looks so hungry for
sympathy. Perhaps he would like to hear me play and sitig."
"Yes, yes," sanctioned the grandmother. "Who knows what his
lot in life has been? Ask him in, my child."*
When the stranger entered the parlor that evening his roving
eyes lighted on a portrait on the wall. Under his breath he said:
"Jennie! What is she to them?"
The brother noted his look of recognition and said: "You have
met my sister! Where?"
It was a question of man to man.
"Yes, where?" echoed the anxlons, white-haired mother.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
men you ao not Know/ was an mat ne couia say, in his per«<
piexity; for he didn't know how mufh they were acquainted with
her life; didn't know how much the convict daughter might want
to keep from them; didn't even know that they believed her to be
dead.
"One moment." pleaded the mother, "tell m<\ Isn't she really
dead? Is she living'? I am prepared for the worst."
Slowly the answer came, as if drawn against his will: "She Is
In San Quontin!" and in the same breath he added: "I have been
there, too!"
All of the motherhood In the gray-haired woman spoke and she
sank. to hor knees and sobbed:
"Great God, I thank thee for sparing her. life!"
• * *
Very early the next morning Jennie Hastings' brother started
for San Quontin; there might be some mistake after all, the family
thought, and he would be able to learn the truth.
The Telegram Told the Truth.
On the following day the telegraph wire ticked out the glad
tidings to the anxious mother:
"It is our Jennie; we have found her at last."
That night, when all had gone to sleep, Frances crept from her
bed and wrote a letter to the mother who had abandoned her so long
ago, and it read:
My DaTling Mamma: We are so happy that you will h* with us
soon. The house scorns like a prayer meeting all clay long, and grand
ma's face is beautiful to see.
Now, do l)o good, dear mamma, and maybe the Warden will let
you out bffore your time. I wonder-if he would if T would write and
ask him to let you come? If you think it will make any difference I
will writs and tell him that you intend to he good now. and perhaps
ho will let you go. I will tell him what an angel grandma is, for I
have hear'! that he will do most anything for people who are good.
I can hardly wait until you come. Just to think! [ was only a
llttlo tot when you went away; not big enough to remember what my
littlo mother looked like at all.
We are all going to love you so much. Poor Mr. Cook wipes his
eyes whenever he looks at grandma's radiant face, and she says we
must love him for telling us of you. and that we can help to make
him good by our prayers and kindness.
Do write to me at once, mamma, and tell me. if you think I had
better write to the Warden. Your loving daughter, FRANCES.
• • •
The woman of the first romance -within the walls of San Quentln
Is counting the minutes to the day of her freedom.
And the man who has had a respite of two short months from
his tragedy of years looks forward to that day In September when
he will be united to the woman he loves. ANNABEL LETS.18
. Bpeciai to the Sunday Call.
I.
FIVE cadets sat about a table in a room at West Point.
The eyes of four were fixed curiously on the face of the fifth,
a face elongated with melancholy. He was a pale youth, with
large features, high-bred and intelligent His slight nervous fig
ure was relaxed. He stared moodily at the table, oblivious, appar
ently, of his companions.
"Tom Van der Ruyter," said one of the men solemnly, "you are in
love."
"A Biddle is correct, Tom," said a young man with a strong lean fare
and a rich Western accent. "You've got it bad. You're as blue as paint.
You re not good for a plated nickel these three days. And all for some
fn r ,!;w? ly n Ge c! W hy t°, nt you Ball ln an(l Bet her. or sail out and get
another? Barton, give him the benefit of some of your New York horse
sense. Washington Square will never list, to the wild and woolly West •'
The man addressed was large and important of mMn. The inherited
egotism of a long line of successful business men was emblazoned upon
him. He spoke In a slow ponderous voice.
w "Whack is right, Tom. There is neither sense nor reason In being in
love to the tent 4U of misery, for misery in this country means nervous
dyspepsia. Now there is no nonsense about me; my family is not given
to sentiment. When we get ready to marry we explore the field with calm
deliberation, and If we can't get the first choice wo look about again con
sequently, we do not make mistakes. Now, you are too young to think
about marrying, anyway. As you have no money and. are not ordered
yet, the most you could accomplish would be a long engagement-"
"Oh, pull up," exclaimed Whack. "You're like a patfm medicine-full
gross to the cure You've got the right Idea, why don't you put it In cap
sules? 1b the girl, tfom? We're on to the fact; now we want her
name, slee, shape and color—" " " er
"I know who it Is," cried a youth who had not yet spoken a youth
with the glow of the South ln his face, its mellow brogue In hiS vofca He
A SON FRANCISCO FLAG
HOISTED AT MALOLOS
IT Is not generally known that an ex- |
San Francisco boy was the first to
hoist the Ftars and stripes in Aguin
aldo's capital city of .Malolos or. that
a San Francisco lady furnished the
banner which proclaimed the sov
ereignty of the United States In the rebel
capital; but the distinction of raising the
first flag undoubtedly belongs to Lewis
Hoffman, who for seven years was a resi
dent of this city, and the flag In question
was the gift of Mrs. C. C. O' Donnell.
Lv Hoffman is a soldier In the First Mon
tana Regiment, now doing duty In the
Philippines. He Is not a shoulder
strapped officer; does not even sport the
chevrons of a sergeant or corporal; but is
Just a plain private and Is proud of It.
A friend In this city recently received a
letter from him and his description of
scenes In the troubled Islands are de
cidedly graphic ; v >
Private Hoffman Is the cook of Com
pany G and for thirty days his regiment
lay in front of Caloocan within 500 yards
of the Insurgent trenches. He says. "the
niggers used to drive me oat of the kitch
en every morning with their Mausers and
I never got to cook a meal in peace."
Lv Is a patient chap and never put up a
protest until one day the Filipinos shot
a hole through his coffee pot Just as he
was about to take It off the fire.
In his letter he gives the facts concern
ing the flag-raif^g' incJdeut.inJklaJolQiei^
about which there was considerable
newspaper controversy at the time.
'.'J?* wer « a-11 proud of the flag Mrs.
0 Donnell had glvpn us," Fays Huffman,
and carried it with us every move we
made. We raised it for the first time In
our camp before Caloocan. when the nig- j
gera shot two holes through It from their
( trenches. The next move of Importance
was on the 25th. Private Yost carried It
Inside his shirt and was wounded. It was
then turned over to Billy Boost to carry,
and he waa wounded In a skirmish the
next day. The flag waa then looked upon
aa a hoodoo or Jonah, and no one cared to
carry It into the battle of the 31st, when
we expected the hardest fight of our cam
palp, and I strapped it on my back and
took a chance, and went through all O X
1 c w t re about th e first company to
land on the square in Malolos in front of
Ag-ulnaldos headquarters, the capltol
buldlng which was then burning
"General Otis had raised the flag of the
Eighth Army Corps.
"I went up and asked him If I could
raise the American flag.
' 'Yes,' said he. If you have one.'
"I unstrapped It and unfurled It to the
wind, and the boys went wild when they
1 saw it. *
"The old general said, Take down the
Eighth Army Corps flag, and put that one
on top,' which I did with the assistance
of Second Sergeant Stephen and Fred
Messer of our company. The general took
off hlo hat and cheered. I told him I
would like to have It back, and he asked
'Where did you get It?' I told him tt was
presented to O Company by Mre» Q'Don-
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
JGHM
leaned forward and flung his arm about Van der Ruyter's shoulder. "It's
Marian Osbourne."
The melancholy youth blushed to his hair. Whack exclaimed:
"The girl you met at Narragansett that summer, two years ago? Jee
whilllkens!"
"You don't mean to say that you are mooning about her yet?" said
Barton disgustedly.
"My dear boy. drawled the Phiindelphian, who was always known afl
A Biddle, from th*> fact t ha t h!s insignificant tirst name w;is Allen, his
pedigree as omnipresent as the p-">r. •you can do better than that. Sh<- is
;i charming girl, I bear, ami handsome, but then, she's no one in particu
lar. Don't marry too far north of Washington Square. I do not say this
with anj snobbish feeling whatever; 1 merely speak us a student of sociaJ
mistakes—;"
Here Van der Ruytcr made his first remark:
"Tom is ritfht," cried the Southerner. "Love first, last, always. If
you're in love, old boy, I'm with you. I'll sustain you, uphold you, advise
you. I'll tiiy last ilimo with tny sword and divide with you. And Miss
urne's a beauty. She's worthy ;p f constancy and devotion. Her char
acter ts as admirable as her face; Tom, I respect you for your two years 1
faith. May it never be u-ss in twenty."
Tom shook his hand gratefully.
"She's a corker and no mistake," announced Whack, "that fa, if f»he
looks like the picture you showed us when you came back."
"Let us understand the facts of the case," saJd Barton, with his slow
deliberation. "1 ti ink I recall them. Twrt years ago, during your fur
lough, you met Miss OBbourne at Narragansett. pp e r and fell in love with
her. She was pretty, moderately well off, indifferent and ambitious She
refused you. and you came back with a face as long as the one you've Kot
on now, and drove ua nearly frantic for two months. Then her imaee
seemed to fade, and wo, aJso, were allowed to forget her. Now after this
long intervaj. will you explain the relapse? Is it because you graduate
next week, and that between now and the time of receiving orders you
have leisure to moon again?"
Van der Ruyter leaned back and clasped his hands behind his head
GOOD NEWS FOR
STAMP GETTERS
ANEW postage stamp has Just been
Issued by the Government of New
Zealand, and It la one which 1b
likely to prove of special Interest
to philatelists. The Government
decided some time ago to establish
a pigeon messenger service between Auck
land and Great Barrier Island, which Is
several miles from the mainland. This
service was the more necessary as there
was neither a cable nor any other.regu
lar connection between the Island and
Auckland. ;V.- :'^:
The experiment was tried and proved
so successful that It. was decided to send
letters regularly by pigeons, and It Is for
this purpose that the new stamp has been
Issued. Letters or dispatches sent in this
way will be known a* "pigeongrams" and
each must be written on a small, thin,
sheet of paper. The address must be
written at the top of this sheet and the
stamp will be affixed to the right hand
corner.
On the stamp appears the picture of a"
pigeon on the wing and carrying an en
velope in Its beak. Above the picture are
the words "Great Barrier Island" and be
low are the words "Special Post," while
at each side are the words "One Shilling. "
Letters can be sent by these swift mes
sengers twice each month. Even at this
slow rate the first issue of stamps will
soon be exhausted, as It consists of only
1800.
I ..«♦«! .1.1  . ' •
"It really Is the most extraordinary
regiment that went to the war, said the
{ man who makes it a point to Keep posted
when one of the many came up for dis
cussion.
"In what way?" asked the man who
pays little attention to details.
'Why, It Is the only one whose friends
have not prefixed 'The: FlrhMng' to it*
.....
■ ■ ■.■ • ■ .• ':-". ; .■:-. - ■ -. .■:
// -><g>c«^rjjg"' — __ fe
"Partly that," he said. "Partly a letter I had .three flays ayo^frommy
Bister. You see, I'd sworn I'd forgot her.-. -I hadn't any f money and I knew
ehe'd be besieged by men, to say nothing of the fact that I had no shro,
shut up here. But mv sister Is at Narragansett this summer, and she has
met her there and raves about her. She isn't married, and you see^ Its
all come back, and worse than ever. I can't make up my I "'™^^
do. I never want to see h«r again and I can't keep away from her. The
moment I get out of this place I'll make a bee line for Narragansett .sure s
fate. Then I won't have my wings singed-I'll be a cinder Inside -of twent>
four hours. Most likely I'll blow my brains out. This time I m older, ana
" l ßy Jove!" cried the Southerner, on the verge of tear*. '-TIT «£<** «£
heart's blood to help you, and that's as true as that my name's Page Maai- .
son Lanirhorne." ■.•'- : -i^ r -.' ■ • ■- . •■ ■-.. ' *».
On Whack thumped his mighty hand upon the table, "I'm BOl^,/ £ 1 /° '
Tom, blamed if fm not. I'd like to see you get your girl. Hanged if there s
anything I wouldn't do for you." . • .;;*:, _ . ■ ' . , _,„(♦„,« >..
Even Riddle was moved -to sympathy. - "Perhaps ■ she ■ walUd for
you. Tom. Try it again, and luck to you." * -..•'■ ■ _, .. -
'.'What luck, when I haven't ten cents I can call my own 7 _.
"I have a plan." said Barton, as if he were putting one word at a^tlme
into the scale. of his forefathers. "Will you. listen to me? I think we .can.
marry Tom to Miss Osbourne." ;'■*;•■ . ■ , v~»> •'«'♦ "•'«•*•"■
Van der Ruyter shrugged his shoulders dejectedly, but lookped at the
speaker with some curiousness. ; The others simultaneously commanaea
Barton to unfold his plan. :- ; '■ ■ ' . U'- ■■■■-. ■■ ■- -.■ ". : . •..
"It's this, and it's business. What Tom needs In order to get that gin
is money— hard rocks. He has laid down that proposition himself .and It 8
a self-evident fact. Now listen: We. William Barton of .New York, A.
Piddle of Philadelphia. Page Madison Langhorne of Mrginla and Jonn
Kern of Colorado, will put up our available assets and remain here until
we receive orders, and place in the hands of Thomas Van der Ruyter the
money we, cannot spend In this— in West Point. We will also send a tele
pram at once to the New York tailor who came here yesterday and meas
ured us for civilian's clothes, countermanding the order. Also —with a
deep sigh— "the order for the silk hats. Tom will go to Narraganaett and
cut a dash. Dazzle the eyes of a woman if you would cut a ewath straight
to her heart." . , M . .
"Good!" cried Langhorne. "I'd live on bread and water to help a friend
get the girl he loved. I've only got twenty-five dollars at the quartermas
ter's, but yes— by heaven! I'll sell the prise fox terrier of Virginia,
sirs, and you all- know It." -. ' . '■-■ ~ 7 '? ■■'■'■.
"You're a brick," exclaimed Whack. "But I'm • not made of mud,
neither. When your friend's in a hole It's your duty as a man and a sol
dier to pull him out. I've got a reasonable sum at the quartermasters.
It's only a stroke of luck- I'm not dead broke as.usual. I wish 'twere more,
.but it isn't, and I'm afraid there's no getting anything out of the old man
at present. .He's silver poor, and that's a fact. But all I've got Is yours,
Tom. every blamed cent." ' tM _,„,
: "I do not approve of a Van der Ruyter and an Osbourne,' said Biddle
gloomily. "They don't rhyme. But you're my. friend and I'll stand by
you. All I've got is yours." - -Vr_ 'i'»v
"You're no. end good," Fald Tom, 'shaking his head dismally. . "But I ■
can't take it: you must see that. I cannot accept what I can never repay.
"Oh, I've thought of all that,"- said Barton. "Of course you will repay
us and with interest. I told you in the beginning that this -was business.
We form a syndicate. Papers drawn up in regular form,, money to be
repaid in five years' time, interest three per cent. Tom has no taste for
the army; he has a decided turn for business. He will so manipulate his
wife's f.mall fortune that in five years' time he will be a rich man. All he
wants Is capital. The possibilities of Tom. with a reasonable sum as a
starter, are simply gorgeous. I'd stake my last nickel on him, and I've
got the business sense of my family, if I have gone into the army. Tom.
you're a first class speculation. The Love Syndicate. Limited, backs you
up for all it can raise. Do you consent to be a speculation?" -
Tom gasped, and throwing himself forward wrung. Barton's hand. "Til
chance it-." he said. • •..••. : ---\ x :''r^
The others slapped Barton on the back. ■; ■ •"■•".
i "You're a double-barreled brick." cried Whack. '.■- \ . :
j "If I were a girl I should kiss ■you," murmured Langhorne. • \
"But— said Tom. deprecatingly. "I can't endure to think of all
of you vegetating here when you might be having a Jolly good time before
being ordered out to Arizona or some other beastly— " . * ' . ■ . •
■ "You did not give me time to mention that the entire debt is not to be
paid in coin." interrupted Barton. "You are to 1 write' us daily. budgets of
your progress', adventures and pastimes.- You will amuse- usi< Instruct us
and give us points which we may find valuable at a later date. You know
you like to write letters, so it will be no effort— to say nothing 1 of the fact
that you will need a safety valve. So you agree?"
"I'll agree, to anything," cried Tom. ."and. I'll enjoy writing you all
about It." . ■ . . • -
"Now to business." said Barton, taking an account book from Ills
pocket. "We are not. any us. burdened with a superfluity of rocks.* But
when we all put up we.may find that we h-ave. a reasonable sum." ■'. .- ..
, And for the next hour five cropped heads were "pressed together above
a square of paper. and a rapidly moving pencil. .*■ './,.;■ . ... *. f
11.
(Torn V-in' der'RiVS'trtr.'.at' Nftrrag-ansett Pier, to the- Love r Syndicate,
Limited, .it West, P"lr»t> : "" .':'■''',!'■'"■'. .:-'■''." ■':■■'■ .:'''" :': ,L. ">'
"Dear Boys:. I. am here, arrived last 'night.* Mv sister pnd she . ;
are not. at the s.imp hot el, and I have not seen her yi t. as my sister; '■'-.
who is 3 woman of ( hr world, advised me not to rush matters, but to
meet her accidentally on the sands. So I' shall meet her accident
ally! I car. hardly hold in till 11 o'clock. I'm up early, Fending you
this bulletin. This hotel is full of girls. .They swarm like bees .in
honey time. Girls in the.big hall, girls on the veranda;. girls on the
lawn playing tennis, girls on the stairs— girls- everywhere: pink and ■■.'
blue girls, shirt-waisted and sailor-hat pjrls. . I never- knew 'there "■■
were so many gir's. Idea striked me: When there arc so.many sirls ~
in the world, how'enn any one have Individual 1 ' * enough .to- make .
>•<■',■ fall in love with her? Why not fine as well as ajiother?.: The'
shirt waists, the sailor hats, the shorn are as alike as n gun on a
rack. Fancy love is n soft of microbe, only -fastens on nourishing
soil, starves or goes to sleep on others. Heard a doctor-say once he
had had the pneumonia bacilli in him for a year, hut couldn't' de
; velop the disease; his system wasn't ngreeahle. In other words, they
couldn't catch on. It's the same with love, my boys. -Your "love
t bacillus files past a whole watering place full of girls to light on the
one out of thousands favorable to th*> breed: If her system's agree
able F»ut I digr< If i haven't something thrilling to write to you
to-night ray, name's not— Tom Van der Ruyter." . . ,
Tuesday Night.
I've se°n her! At 11 T sauntered -(1) down to the bench. ore of a long
file of girls, 'd and young mammas young and old gray-haired papas (th^
number of gray-haired young married men is apnalHnu), pretty boy* one
to a dozen girls, and as proud as baby F^icifer^. She was not there." There
were fifty-five girls by actual count under the nwnlng of the pavilion. She
was not Bmong then;. Heaven knows how many more wore in the water.
I know sb'-- wansn't there. Catch her looking like a frlsrht. . A number
more were Fitting on the sand, hidden from the vulgar ;?azo under large
umbrellas. , .; v ;«,, :' . t .. . ■
I wandered down the sands.- I threw casual though burning glances
under many umbrellas. At last I came to one surrounded by five men.
Instinctively I knew she was there. Actually, boys, I trembled. Then I
' pulled myself together and strode in front of the umbrella. It was she.
Did lever describe her to you? Rhapsodical fragments only. TV-sines,
she's changed. Before, she was pretty. Now, she's a woman and beau
tiful—and more a woman of the world than her mother; a nice old lady,
with a stomach on which Is always resting a novel, and caps and flabby
cheeks. She always dresses in purple. That's rather mixed, but you
don't care-about the mother, and I'll do better with her. having gazed upon
her for nearly a solid day. They say dress enhances charms, and I'd like
to begin with that, only T don't know anything about woman's clothes
All I can say If that she doesn't wear a sailor hat or a shirt waist, but
had on a white rough thing that my sister says was serge and tailor made
and a big white hat. lined with scarlet velvet. And that velvet was j oil v
becoming to her dark hair, which curls— like— like— well, like hair. Her
fnce is a little tanned, but once she threw back her head, and her nook was
white And she's got a color! Stars and stripes! she's got a color! Her
nose is straight. . but tilts a little. Her mouth is a scornful pink
how— l call that a good piece of description. Her eyes are blue
rrav. with lashes— but. hang It. I can't give you any idea of
her'b'v describing her outside. It's herself that's out of sight. " Her figure
•-.nits herself better than her face. It's tall and slim, and carried as if
she owned the United States and didn't care a hang about it. Her indif
ference is— well, that's n description I m not equal to. She never utters ten
consecutive sentences— she's too indolent. She even listens with an absent
minded air. And all the time you feel as If you had a chain round your
neck and the other end was fastened to her belt. . . . ■*
Only-once in a while— after you've been pounding away for ten min
utes or a half-hour on a subject, and can't tell for the life of you whether
It interests her or not. she raises her eyes slowly to yours, then lets them
fairly blaze with expression. Then you propose on the spot. I proposed
*even times to-day. t She didn't take the trouble to answer, but at least she
didn't say no. So I'm alive.
NOVEL COURT
SHIP IN JAPAN
A JAPANESE girl who desires to get
married does not hesitate to in
form the public of her desire. In
a recent Issue of the Japanese Jour
nal, Kanazawa Bhlmbum, one of
these girls, who signs herself "Ho
suljoshi," Is very outspoken on this point,
as the following notice shows: "I, the un
dersigned, am a pretty . girl with " abun
dant hair, .flowerlike fßce, perfect eye
brows and a good figure. I have money
enough to take life easy and to enable
me to spend my years with some beloved
man who will ever be my companion and
who can admire the flowers with me by
day and the moon by night. If any clever,
accomplished, handsome and fastidious
gentleman Is disposed to accept this of
fer, I can assure him that 1 will be true
to him for life, and that after life Is over
I will be ready to be burled with him In
one grave." -
It Is not an unheard of thing for Euro
pean or American girls to advertise for
husbands, but it is very doubtful if any
European or American naper has ever
contained such a poetical matrimonial ad
vertisement as this one. Moreover, It Is
very doubtful if any European or Ameri
can girl would ever think of offering to
share the same grave with the gentle
j man who might accept her offer or mar-
I riage. Verily, they do things differently
In Japan. ; : ~
■♦ ■ ■
Prison Chaplain— Ah i ' Too have a pet, I
see. - • - ■ • • ' i
Conviot— Tes, this rat, I feeds him every
day. I think more o r that *ere rat than
any other llvln' creature.
Prison Chaplain— Ah! In every man
there's something of the angel left, if one
can only find it. How came you to take
such a fancy to that rat?
SUICIDES AND
THE WEATHER
GOOD suicide weather," the gTizzled
old sergeant behind the desk of one
of the East Side police stations ob
served, as he glanced out at the
dull, overwhelming clolds from whlchHH
rain sifted down In a never-ending
drizzle.
"A good day for suicides over there,"
he continued, musingly. "If a German
1b going to kill himself he waits for just
such a day as this. Even If he don't In
tend to kill himself, three or four days
like this will drive him to It. We'll be
apt to have three or four cases reported
before roll call.
"Now, it's different with a Frenchman.
When a German feels blue It makes him
all the bluer If the weather's bad. But
a Frenchman, when he Is crossed in love
or has gone broke, thinks the weather is
sympathizing with him If It rains when
he is feeling badly. When he makes up
his mind to commit suicide he'll Invaria
bly carry out his Intention on a sunshiny
day. The world's brightness seems only
to mock him." " y ■
"And what about the Irishman, Ser
geant?" aeked the new policeman.
"Look here, young man," Bald the Ser
geant, with Just a suggestion of Lim
erick In his tone, "Irishmen don't commit
suicide. 1 When an Irishman gets broke
and blue he don't kill himself. Not
much! He goes home and beats his wife
every time. ' ' • " . '
People often apeak of a trillion as a
possible number. The fact is, not a trill
lon of seconds has elapsed since the cre
ation of Adam; nor will that number
have elapsed until February Ist In the
year of our Lord 25825; for In a trillion of
seconds there are 81.687 years 82 days i
hour-^aiifiutes and « seconds. » VL,
*
I suppose you want to know how she received me.
I stood before her for about forty seconds before she looked up. Finally
her eyes traveled slowly from my shoes to my face acd rested there with a
look of blank unrecogrUtlon.
"Don't you know mo?" I stammered. I was ready to cry.
"Why of course," she said, with her delidoiuj draw!. "It's Tommy
Van der Ruyter. You've grown."
I collapsed, but on the sand, and at her feet.
She did not addreep another word to me for five minutes, but permitted
ft ridiculous youth with a pereweaty face, as my little niece would say, to
relate a stupid anecdote while she looked out over the water. When »ne
ppoke It was to me. The youth might have been babbling to the breakers.
"What a hideous object a man In a bathing suit Is!" she said.
I assented eagerly, registering a vow that she should never see me In a
bathing suit.
"Theee sands are full of graves," she continued, "graves of burled
sentiment. The convex ones look like Jelly fish, the scrawny ones like the
punishment of Adam. Those that happen to be well built are merely re-*,
pulsive." y~
"We were all In the water yesterday ," one of the five murmured feebly. |
"My remarks applied to you. Fortunately. I have no sentiment to
bury."
I pitied those poor men.
A great flounder of a man came out of the water and flung himself
down before her.
"The siren of the sea cannot hold me while you—" he began.
Bhe rose. She took her skirts with an expression of disgust which
made even Innocent me shiver. She turned her back on the purpling, stam
mering offender (who, after all, had plenty of examples all round), and
said in a cool voice:
"Mr. Van der Ruyter, you may walk with me till It is time to go to the
Casino."
Boys, I'll tell you the rest to-morrow.— T.
Wednesday Morning.
Tm up again at 7 to write to you. I was getting writer's paralysis last
night. I'm going to make this letter like a conversation In a novel.
We are strolling up the beach (Just after I left off In my last).
Myself: "How awfully JoUy this Is— to be walking all alone with you.
These last two years have been like two centuries. But now It seems Ilk*
the same old summer."
She: "What a kid yon are!"
Myself: "I know; but then, you see, I'll grow. You have. You're ten
years older than you were two years ago. Now, don't get angry — you re
more beautiful than ever. What I mean is that you have the air of one
who has exhausted the world. It's tremendously fetching— though, to be
sure, that first Indefinable charm has gone forever. (Catch on, boys?) But
It Isn't every woman who can be three or four women In one lifetime. I
should say you could be five or six a year If you liked."
She; ""iou seem to have an analytical turn of mind. So had I at your
age."
Myself: "That's a good pot shot. If you ever did consent to marry
me I should feel as if I were taking a sort of BHIS to wife. And If I re
member aright, I am three days older than you are. But such Is the un
even gait of the sexes. It is Just about time for you to get over being pro
posed to and for me to begin proposing."
She: "You'll do the bullyfng-Josslng act better when you're had two
years' hard practice."
Myself (hurriedly): "Look at that big fellow rolling in. Whs,t a life
of pleasure it Is here. People seem to forget when they come to Narragan
pett that there i? any other object but pleasure In life. What an awful set
of jays tlmse men were you were talking to. Don't wonder you looked
bored. Suppose New York society men are the same."
To which brilliant series of remarks she made no reply whatever.
Myself (after a painful pause): "Have you been here long 0 ' i
She: "Two weeks."
Myself: "Like it?" ,
She: "As well as anything."
Myself: "Going to stay a" summer?"
She: "I never make plans.
Myself: "You drift?"
She: "I drift."
Myself (feebly): "Think you will ever drift Into matrimony V
She: "Certainly."
Myself: "Engaged?"
She: "No."
Here she turned and gave me the look and the blase. I proposal.
She: "It's time to ero to the Casino."
We went to the Casino Ever seen it, boys? If s like America— a little
of everything. Shingle roofs above Btone walls. Romanesque towers and
Moorish corridors. Pillars of cobblestones and varnished wooden ceilings.
Still, it is pretty, and when swarming with people looks very brilliant.
\W sat ourselves, with the rest of the crowd, on the inner veranda
overlooking the lawn and the sea. The music played; the people Jabbered.
Every third girl had a boy. Bo did the young matrons. The coming man
should be something remarkable, his education begins so early.
There are any number of good looking men here; but they are not In
it with the beardless youths. Half a dosen girls were pointed out as belles
from various Stnt.es. They had several boys apiece.
She was surrounded, of course, but I managed to plant myself at her
ear.
'■'Why do you treat my proposals with contempt?** I murmured under
cover of tho music.
"Why have vnu the audacity to propose to met"
"What you don't try for you don't get. I want yon. and how to thun
dpr nm I to set you If I don't propose? You wouldn't propose to me, X
suppose?"
"I certainly should not."
"■\Vhv nm I po audacious? I am as good as any of this lot."
"Rather better. Your name is good, but you haven't any money f
I Bhwrtflered, hut resolved to admiro frankness in woman.
"T Intend to he a rich man inside of five years."
■ ■ :"opment she treated with silent contempt— the contempt of
the longf-headed nineteenth century American maiden.
After a lons interval: "Will you think it over?"
"Think what over?"
"Mv proposal."
"My dear Tommy, you don't expect me to think about that. Fancy \
exercising one's Rray matter over a proposal — and from you!"
■ T jumped up iVi a huff and went upstairs, determined not to look at her
attain for twenty-four hours. Alas! I found myself gazing down upon her
from the upper gallery, which overlooks the lower at right angles, inside
(.f five minutes. I assured myself I was admiring the charming: spectacle —
th<> irregular rows of pretty faces and gay gowns and bright parasols, set
off by the polished wooden background and the green lawn In front. But
I wasn't. I was staring straight at her, and I knew that she knew It, al
though she never looked up. I jerked about and walked clear out to the
i rid of the lonir gallery, hetween the pillars of cobblestones, sat down by
the parapet and gazed out upon the ocean. But I wasn't admiring the
water-scape. I was meditating. The result of my meditations was this:
T must da as Barton suggested— l must dazzle her. I couldn't go to the old
lady and tell her I had a fortune because, like Q. W., I never He, but I
must make her think so by inference. Of this my conscience approved.
All's fair in love. T shall entertain her, devote myself to her amusement,
m;ike her conspicuous by my distinguished attentions, and perhaps her
heart and ambition will he touched.
Boys, how do you think I'm getting on?— T.
Friday.
I've made my first deal. Oave her a dinner at Sherry's last night.
It cost— But never mind, Iv« got enough left to Ret'married on—
that Is if she doesn't insist upon too mnoh style. Not that she has
accepted me yet. Well, that dinner was ffiven in style. You can bet
your chances of a war on that. There were eight of vs — she. me, her
mother, my sister and four of her friends, that I told her to invite.
I carried it yff like a lord. The old lady beamed and paid me marked
attention. I heard her whisper to one of the party, "One of the old
Van der Ruyters of New "iork. you know." My sister, who over
looks the Oshourne pedigree because she's dead fond of me and is
fnsrinated by her, is helping me alonjr beautifully. The old lady
tried pumping her to find out if I'd inherited a fortune, and my sis
ter. wi;h reserved and modest mien. Intimated that I had unexpect
edly come into a neat little sum. Whirh Is true; you who are vege
tat inn at West Point being- painfully aware of the fact. I saw her
look surprised once or twice, ami then she put on added Indifference,
so I shouldn't think she was impressed. The other men looked
glum, which I take as a good sign.
We had driven out in great state, but when we had sat round on
the veranda for an hour or two after dinner we young folks con
cluded to walk home In the moonlight. I walked with her, you can
bet your hopes of a silk hat on that. And she thawed, hoys! by
heaven, she thawed! Her eyes blazed with a soft, dreamy blaze for
five consecutive minutes and returned to the charge later. And there
was a sort of gulf stream through the cold depths of her voice.
How's that? II Is true she didn't pay the slightest attention when
I proposed— but, boys, I'm getting there.— T.
GOT HER PHOTOGRAPHS
THROUGH "PERSONALS"
"Foola* names, like fools' face*.
Are always seen in public place*."
IF the above narrow-minded quotation {
were true, Miss Ttllman has a rare j
and choice photographic collection of |
fools, culled from every part of the
State.
Miss Tlllman Is a young lady quite well j
known In San Francisco and a student In j
one of the fashionable seminaries. She |
1b not an amateur photographer, neither
Is she a bicycle flend, nor does she In
dorse the cries of the "pew woman."
She has, however, a purely original man
ner of amusing herself at the expense of
many an unsuspecting subject.
When George W. Topping of Naps. City,
Cal., visited San Francisco last year his
arrival -was not heralded by the firing of
cannon and a display of bunting and nags, j
no mention of his visit was even re- j
corded by the press; but, carved on a i
rock at the Cliff House, his signature over i
the date of October 12, 1898, records his
sojourn here.
This name was an unusually brilliant j
| target, and among hundreds of others did.
not escape the eagle eye of Miss Tiilman
as she was out one day in search of a new
list of correspondents.
As an illustration of the manner In
jmibs. Tiilman addressed the per- !
CTo be concluded next week.)
sons thus located, the following 1b a fair
example:
"My Dear Mr. Topping: It was my
pleasure to meet you at the Cliff House
on the 12th of October last. You formed
a great Impression upon me, and since
then I have been trying to locate you.
Until to-day my search has been In vain.
I have a favor to ask. It Is not much
and I trust that you will grant It. Mem
ory Is Inadequate to keep you before me.
Kindly. Bend me your photograph, that I
may ever see you." , /*■ ,
From the reply, she received It la easy
-to see that Mr. Topping Is a man who
appreciates . a "Joke. Here It Is:
"My Dear Miss Tlllman: I have no ob
jection to your having my photograph,
but you must not think of loving me, be
cause I was married yesterday. • I am
sorry that you have wasted your time In
the 'search,' which still remains 'In vain.'
Inclosed you will find my photo. Yours,
etc., Q. W. TOPPING." '
Miss Tlllman prizes this letter most
highly among her great and varied col
lection and wonders upon whom the joke
rests. ■■•■.-
Miss Tlllman's friends tell her that she «
| is liable to "get her foot in it" if she c0n.~4
tinues her novel joke; but it Is not
through fear that she has discontinued
heir practice of addressing the gentlemen
who advertise themselves bo conspic
uously In public places. Her fiance ob
ject*v??-' ■■:TRIED THE PITCAIRN ISLAND LIFE
FOR 25 YEARS.
BUT for the attractiveness of a
young find pretty TahitiHn widow
who] he mot on Pitcalrn Island,
Charles Coffin would not have
spent a quarter of a century im
mured on that Isolated spot in the
Pacific. His long life of semi-exile was
brought to an end a few weeks ago and
Coffin landed in Han Francisco a free man
last week- if a man be free who has left
n wife and six children in a sea-girt home
3500 miles . ay.
Coffin has been the hero of many ad
ventures, but none; so roniaritlc^aa that
which lrd. to his long residence In Pit
rairn. .Many years ago about Christmas
time the ship Khandeish; owned in Uvor
ponl, was on her homeward voyage from
San Franciscoi Every skipper bound to
ward th<> I Torn from California tries to
fff.-ct communication with the. isolated
inhabitant? on Pitrairn Island. The '-. -
end is a very agreeable market for ships
making lons trips. It produces all kinds
of semi-tropic fruit and vegetables, and
when an old sailor has been a couple of
months at sea with a prospect of three
. month.* more ahead of him.' he would al-
A most f-el] halt his life for a fresh cabbage
or a bunch of bananas.
The captain of the Khandelsh ap
proached the Island toward the end of
January. 157.1. and as it was a beautiful
I day he decided to change the usual cus
tom of waiting for the islanders to come
off In their boats, so he went ashore in
the ship's launch. While making the, ac
quaintance of the Pitcaim Islanders, a
mighty undertow grasped the ship within
Its Influence arid as if impelled by .some
unseen power ■he big ship drift. speed
ily on the rocks. The captain and his
boat's crew and all the islanders rushed
down to the bearh to where the snip was
purely approaching her doom. There was
no wind, but the never ceasing swell of
the Pacific was i ling vast rollers on
the rocks and carrying the vessel with
I hem.
When but a few feet oft the shore the
ship struck on the sunken rocks and
commenced to fill. The crew, seeing
their danger, attempted to come ashore
in the ship's boats, and some were over
turned. The islanders worked like, heroes,
and In a few hours every man was safe
on the island. Borne had met with very
narrow escapes, having been dashed
ashore on pieces of wreckage from the
fast-breaking ship.
Among those who had the hardest time
in reaching the shore was Coffin, who
was the boatswain. Several times it was
necessary for the islanders to rush out
into the angry breakers to secure the
1 piece of wreck upon which the weakening
Vboatswaln was pending for his life.
' linally he was landed, and the next day
the ship wus entirely broken up by the
violence of the waves.
The simple islanders placed everything
they had at the disposal of the ship
wrecked Crew, and for fifty-one days the
pallors, having nothing to do and being
well fed. thought they' were in a verit
able heaven.
During th'-ep fifty-one days Coffin, with
■' Instinct, which it Is said im
him '*. seek a wife at every i>''rt.
started oui to Bee wh:it he could fnui. On
the island was a very attractive lit 1 1«
■\\iilr,\v. an ,i M if | s  matter f>f supreme
Ity t'. lind husbands and Wives
within the very limited confines "f Pit
cairn, tho widow ;md the boatswain soon
formed a friendship destined to be abid-
The crew was distributed among the
EL MAHDI:
REGARDING the disintejment and
mutilation of ihe remains of the
Mahdi by the English after the bat
tle of 6mdunn<a.n, the Mai
Guardian has a story fr.>m Its spe-
cial correspondent. The story was
pleaned from sonip of the non-commis
sioned officers on the Nile gunboats, who
put it from the men who actually en
gaged In this place of diplomatic barbar
ism.
The day after the Omdurma.'i battle,
v.h.re the dervish.s died in their thou
sands. Major Gordon, they say. went on
board one. of the gunboats and then took
with him a small party of Royal Marine
artillerymen to the land. None of the
Egyptians on board were taken. "They
chatter too much..." explained a sergeant.
••When you have experience of them they
are a poor race of beings. A dervish i* in
ail parts altogether more of a man. The
Egyptian cannot stand alone. 1
The little party marched directly to the
tomb of the Mahdi. The tomb was ■de
scribed as "like a big square barn, built
of half-baked bricks and slabs of mud
mortar."
It had a round dome on the top, which
had been so worked as to fit the square
buildmg below. The body of the ftfahdl
lay on what the artillerymen ternnd "an
erection," perhaps half the height of a
man. Bet i:p in the. middle, of the tomb.
It had an encircling rail made witn pieces
of brass taken from English implements
or furniture, and was decorated with
. n her trinkets, perhaps religious symbols.
The body was wrapped in white and col
cloth, sewn together. "Hut whether
it had been embalmed." said another of
the artillerymen! "I could not say, hav
inc no experience of how bodies look after
i.i .1. rgoing that process."
Nobody cared to describe what hap
pened inside the tomb. "That is a mat-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
islanriorp. until the arrival of a British
ship off the island gave all an opportu
nity to leave. Hy this time- Coffin was so
desperately In love with thf> little widow
that ho r>|poted to remain, and when the
island authorities concluded that he had
resided there long enough to know his
own mind he was married In the little
banana-leaf barn that did duty as a
chapel.
The Island life suited Coffin Immensely.
Pitcairn Is an ideal honie for a sailor with
a wife. Lord Byron beautifully told the
story "t existence on this is.and when
he wrote:
New Story of How He Met
HisEndand
What Became of His Body.
I ter for those In authority," one was told.
However, It was presently said that the
order was Riven to take the body from
where It lay and to- sever the head from
the trunk. "The corporal went to that
end. On lifting the head It broke clean
away from the body, and he heli. It In his
hands."
The body was then wrapped up. weight
ed and carried across the thr.ee, mile*
that lay between the tomb and the Nile
and at once cast Into the river. "I never
beard that anything was seen of. It
again." said one artilleryman, "and the
fart Is it must have been washed away
along the bed of the river." Another
added that the dervishes are. .of course,
i essentially superstitious, and. that they
i might in the. future, no doubt, be Im
posed on by the production of another
dead body. "But," he added," "whatever
may be said of the body, they will never
get the bead of their Mahdi."
"What became of the head?"
"It is a very short story. The head was
carried on board the gunboat and put in
to an empty kerosene can one of those
square cans, you know, that oil is kept in.
It stopped there a few days. The other
officers used to come aboard and say,
'Gordon, show us that head,' and the cor
poral, under orders, would then lift it out.
None of them would touch it. It was not
nice. l might say that the Mahdl must
have been a fearfully ugly man. The
lower jaw protruded further than in any
man I have ever seen. The forehead was
not particularly high— an Arab. His
hair was jet black. The lower part, of
one side of the face was gone decayed—
and we took off part of his beard. It is
hero In Eastney. I have a piece myself—
a fine, glossy, black, apparently the hair
of a man in his prime.
"Aftor the head had remained a few
days, in the can B wooden box was made
and it was packed in that. It was sent
"Where -man partakes the oarth without
dispute
And bread itself is patheror] as n fruit."
After a. few years the secluded Mfc on
the Island began to i>e irksome to Coffin,
tli" only American among the Inhabitants.
By this time there were two or ttir hll
dren. When ships called at the island
Coffin would look with wistful eyes at
their departing sails.
About twelve -ears aero the Rritish ship
City of Florence called oft this little
island. I w.ts one of her officers, an* 1 for
several hours we enjoyed the company "f
two boatloads <>f Pitcalrnites. Coffin was
• ; ' - «...;....
to Cairo, for dispatch to Bngland, and
but for the discussion m Parliament it
would, no doubt, have luTii on view be
fore unw in some museum or another.
The War Office, I should think, will know
where that box is. i must Bay no more."
After the body of the Mahdl had boon
"disinterred" and disposer] of hia tomb
was destroyed. Lyddite was used, aa it
is still necessary to note the action of
that explosive owing to the sometimes '
peculiar conduct of lyddite sheik*. "So '
; that we had an experiment of two kinds."
i said one of the artillerymen. "We exper
j imented In religion on the 'poor Mahdi'
and in gunnery wo tried it on his tomb. |
It certainly seems a little above the
mark to try conclusions with a dead j
body."
J^uskin as He Is Jo-D-\\j.
IN a recent number of Rt. George, the
organ of the Birmingham Ruskin
Society, the editor. J. H. Whitehouse,
writes an interesting article on Mr.
Knskin as he is to-day. As to Mr.
Ru^kin's condition, physically, he is
"very weak and frail, but mentally he is
quite Clear, and though unable \.q do any
work whatever he still takes a lively in
terest in the progress of the world. • •
Vntil a month ago he was able to get out
every day when the weather was fine,
sometimes taking slow walks and some
times going in a bath chair." Mr. Hus
kins' appearance is most impressive and
Mr. Whitehouse says that his face "has
undergone no material change since the
days when he was a professor at Oxford."
It is still the face which Professor Her
komer painted a number of years ago.
The only difference is a long 1 white beard.
.To Brant wood there come every day
many kind remembrances, and among
the greetings Mr. Whitehouse tells of an
American lady sending Mr. Ruskin eighty
white flowers, bearing the inscription:
"Kighty flower sprays for eighty pure and
lovely years."
"Robbie," asked the visitor, "have you
any brothers and sisters?"
"No," replied wee Robbie, solemnly;
"I'm all the children we've got."
one of them. He confided to me the little
romance of his life and also the fact that
some of the leaders of the little com
munity "kept an eye on him." Coffin's
remark made It very clear that a dozen
years on Pitcairn, with the prospect of
being buried there, was not all that an
American could desire. He hinted very
strongly that if a good opportunity were
to present Itself he might leave the island
without going through the formality of
saying good-by.
"It was all very well at first," said Cof
fin at the time, now twelve years ago;
"but a fellow gets tired of navigating
around an island that does not cover more
than about three square miles. I have
kept watch on Pltcalrn avenue many
nights, just wishing- for a change. You
p<h\ I was married to an Island woman
soon after the wreck, and now have quite
n family— four children— and the people
naturally don't want me to lesive without
taking my family with me. because they
will have to look after them.
"The people are too good here, although
sometimes somebody forgets some of the
commandments. The people have lived
here ;<!! their lives and haven't seen much.
In some of their religious books they have
read aboul yellow-back literature and
now they won't permit anything with a
yellow cover to come ashore. The last
ship that was hero brought a bundle of
Harper's Magazines, and some Of the folks
nearly had a tit when 1 brought them
GIANTS:
IP anything, the human frame seems
to be increasing in size rather than
decreasing. The man of well
developed frame to-day would have
hard work to o,ueezo himself into a
suit of iirmnr worn by the average
("rusader. All through history, however,
them have been men of remarkable size,
just the same as there are to-day. "There
were giants on the earth in those flays"
and there are giants now. Baron Albert
Vi-rly. son of Colonel Verly. who once
commanded that picturesque corps of
giants known as the Cent Gardes, gave a
dinner in Paris the other day to the sur
vivors of his father's command. Only a
few of the members of this famous body
Of soldiers of the Second Empire still
live to drag their huge and ancient bodies
about Paris. Since the last banquet of
the corps eight have died, among them
the amusing Dr. Gerard. He was a
brigadier in the days of the Second Em
pire, and was dismissed for sleeping out
of quarters without leave.
The Cent Gardes were organized In the
Crimean war, when a visit was expected
at the Tuileries from Queen Victoria and
the Prince Consort. The tallest and best
looking men in the French army were
selected and formed into an ornamental
body of household guards. All were over
six feat tall, and it was their duty to
stand immovable about the palace, never
changing their position except to salute
the Emperor and Empress. * ive hundred
and eighty men served together in the
Cent Gardes. The corps went down with
the. foundering of the empire of Napoleon
Not long ago there died on his farm in
New Jersey "Colonel" Goshen, a man
over eight "feet high, who had accumu
lated a competence by exhibiting him
self in museums and "side shows."
On view in I>ondon now is a boy 19
years old named Constantlne, who is over
eight feet tall. He is well proportioned
and shows no sign nf disease. He is fed
mostly on milk and beef tea and is al
ashore because they had yellow backs.
"The skipper of another vessel offered
me a couple of bottles of wine, but they
didn't reach the landing place. The fel
lows in charge of our boat told the cap
tain of the ship that no wine was per
mitted on shore exceDt for the purposes
of administering- the holy communion,
and the British men-of-war supplied all
the wino for that purpose.
"One timo I had a good chance to leave.
. but the Governor (McCoy) said I could
go if I would take my family with me.
Now they are all right and I think a
whole lot of them, but when I got back
to Massachusetts the Lord knows what
I would do with them, because I think
the climate would very soon have a bad
effect on them."
Poor old Coffin— he was then over fifty
went bark to the island to his wife and
four children and to his cottage which
was "a little more comfortable than any
other shanty on the island," and where
there is no need of work to secure a liv
ing. But as he looked back it could
plainly be seen that poor Coffin would
willingly have changed places with any
body on board the Florence even with
midnight wheels, reefing topsails off the
Horn, holystoning decks and swinging
yards in the doldrums, and .all the other
discomforts of a deep-water voyage
ahead of him if he could only once more
reach port.
Nor was it any imagination of Coffin's
that caused him to think the Islanders
were suspicious of his desire to leave his
family behind him, for while he walked
about the deck, went into the cabin or
the foVsl, one or two of the island crews
always followed his movements with their
eyes.
As the length of Coffin's term on the
Island increased so old his family, and
now there arc six little Coffins, some of
them well alonp in years, running around
on Pitcairn. It is probably duo to the
fact that the older boys are now able to
support their mother that mad© it com
paratively easy for Coffin to return to his
native country. Early this year tho mis
sionary schooner Pitcairn made its annual
visit to the island. The Pitcairn Is the
property of the Seventh-day Adventists,
whose headquarters are in Oakland. In
1886 the islanders, who had up to that time
been following the tenets of the English
Episcopal church, joined themselves to
the Seventh-day Adventists, and Coffin
was among those who concluded that the
si v< nth day of the week (Saturday) is the
day hi 1 "" which all true Christians should
worship, ami not Sunday, as taught by
tin- English church.
Big Men Nowadays Compared <
1 Witb
Those of the Olden Times. <
4
lowed to drink no alcoholic liquors. Con
stantino's father is a portrait painter in
Switzv I'land, and neither of his parents
is over the normal size.
Another well-known eight-footer was
Chang, "th<- Chinese giant," who at
tracted much attention in this country
and Europe a few years ago. It was said
that Chang had a sister who was eleven
inches taller than her big brother, but
she died young.
In the old days it was believed that the
size of man had gradually decreased
since the flood. One Henrion. a French
man, evolved a "comparative scale" hy
which Adam stood 123 feet 9 inches: and
Eve was a sweet little person only lis
feet 0 inches high.
Grandfather Noah was twenty feet
shorter than Adam, and Abraham was
only 28 feet tall. Moses was set down as
being l.'J feet high, and Hercules as \<>
feet. The "comparative scale" of this
learned man is only a subject for laugh
ter now. hut it was accepted seriously
in the days in which he wrote. The
height of Goliath has been estimated va
riously. The best authorities, such as
Josephus and the Vatican copy of the
Septuagint. set the Philistine champion
down as being "four cubits and a span"
tall, which would make him a little over
S feet— about the size of Chang and Col
onel Goshen.
A tall story of a tall man is that told
by Boccaccio. He says that the remains
of this monster were discovered in his
own lime in a cave in Sicily, and were
those of a man 400 feet high. The learned
Athanaslus Kircher. a Jesuit priest, vis
ited the scene of the alleged discovery
and found that the cave was only 30 feet
high, while the only remains which could
be shown to him were the fossil bones of
an elephant.
The first modern giant of whom there is
authentic record was the porter of Queen
Elizabeth, whose portrait by Zmchero
hanj;s in Hampton Court Palace. He was
a Dutchman and was 7 feet H inches tall.
James 1 had a porter, Walter Parsons,
who was of the same height. Will Evans,
who succeeded Parsons and served as
porter for Charles I, was 7 feet 8 inches
high. Cromwell also had a giant porter,
one Daniel, who stood 7 feet 6 inches.
Coffin is destined to have an important
part in the lineage of Pitcairners. There
are but seven family names among the
120 inhabitants. They arr Young, Mc-
Coy. Christian, Buffett. Warren, Butler
and Coffin, and only Coffin of the original
families now lives.
When the Pitcairn was ready to leave
the Island, her captain desired a man to
Bail before The mast. None of the island
ers were willing to leave, but Brother
Coffin Just longed for another trip to sea-
He consulted with the powers of the
island, and to his great delight he was
permitted to go as an able seajnan in the
Pitcairn to Tahiti, the general impression,
being that he would return to Pitcairn
v.-hen the missionary ship made her next
call.
The Pitcairn went 10 Tahiti, and there
Brother Coffin bade her good-by. The
San Francisco brig Galilee was about to
leave for California and Coffin left with
her. On the brig was also a missionary
returning from Pltcairn, and he and
Brother Coffin frequently discussed the
pest and the future. Coffin always as
sured his friend that it was his Intention
to return to Pitcairn after he had spent
a goodly period among the enjoyments of
' his native country, but the missionary
pays It will not be sui prising If Coffin
never goes back.
Coffin is now 63 years old. Over thirty
years ago he was a sailor on board one
of the United States vessels at the cap
ture of Fort Donelson in the Civil War.
On this particular occasion Coffin -was on
one of the river boats acting In conjunc
tion with the land forces under General
Grant. He declares that he is entitled to
a considerable amount of prize moneyl
and that tho matter was being adjudi
cated when he sailed on his last voyage
which ended so abruptly at Pltrairn. H«
has now gone East to look up the record
and see If he be rich or poor. In any
event, he insists that he will have no dif
ficulty in proving his right to a pension
because of injuries received during tha
Civil War.
"Coffin is a pretty good fellow," eai<f
the missionary who arrived in Oakland
last week, "but his nature is not such as
to cause him to fall in love with the con
ditions on Pitcairn Island. He assures me
that he is a sincere Seventh-day Advent
ist. but if so. Brother Coffin has a few
ideas of his own about Adventlsm. He
cannot rid himself of his family obliga
tions, because there is no such thing as
divorce in the social economy of Pitcairn
Island. He always professes great affec
tion for his family, but the position of
Coffin is perhaps absolutely unique. Ho
has had a rare experience and it cannot
be compared, so far as I know, with th«
experience of any other man living. He
was certainly a good husband and looked
well after his children. He was always
doing something for their comfort, but
it could plainly be seen that there was
always within him that irresistible de
sire to return to where life was more
pleasant to a man brought up as he Was.
It may be possible that after a few years
( offln may actually long to return to his
island home and those he has left there."
It is not surprising that Coffin found life
on Pitcairn burdensome. It Is perhaps
the only perfect altruistic settlement on
earth. Its people cannot, even if they
would, go outside the closely drawn lines
of government which regulate that social,
political, civil and religious life. The
island is but three miles one way and a
half mile the other way, and there is no
moans of leaving it and returning at
pleasure. There is almost an utter ah
sence of amusement as Americans under
stand the word, and there is absolutely
no field for ambition. Everybody shares
alike, and when a passing ship gives a few
sacks of flour or wheat or a few barrels
of pork or beef to the islanders it is all
put in a common storehouse and distrib
uted equally.
In many instances, when there are not
wives or husbands enough on the island
to fill the demand communication Is
opened with the friend? of the islanders
on Tahiti, which is KM miles to ihe west
ward. When the City of Florence railed
at Pitcairn on the occasion to which I
have already referred a mail was made
up, consisting of eighteen letters, all of
which were addressed to Tahiti. These
letters were carried eastward around the
Horn and landed at Southampton. The
letters, after going to London, were sent
to New York, thence to San Francisco,
thence by steamer to the nearest island
to Tahiti and finally were carried to their
destination by schooner, having traveled
2."..iK)0 miles and taken nearly six months
to reacts h point 1306 miles distant from
where they were written.
Five years later Governor McCoy visited
Oakland and told me of the safe delivery
of the letters after their, long journey.
This incident conveys some idea of tlie
isolation of the little home on which Cof
lin spent twenty-flve years of his lifetime.
STUART W. BOOTH.
1920
SOLVING THE NORTH POLE PROBLEMS
WITH OAK CASKS
WHEN the revenue cotter
Bear sailed from San
Francisco north a few
days ago, she carried with
her a number of open
<^asks. The mlesion of these casks was
that perilous one which has cost bo
FOUND A RICH MINTE
THROUGH A DREAM
Has Just Sold It for Half a Million Dollars — Strange Experience of a Southern
Calif ornian.
LOS ANGELES, April 17.— Cave J. )
Couts of Becondldo Is known all \
over Southern California as the
man who dreamed, himself rich.
He discovered a wonderful gold
mine through a dream.
Cave Couts was a surveyor. He j
came from Indiana to California and ;
bought a ranch at Escondido in one of
the prettiest inland valleys of Southern
California, Several yearß ago, when
Major Harry Patton of this city was ap- i
pointed by th,» Government as agent to
allot lands to the Mission Indians, he se- ,
lected Cave Coutfl to be hiß engineer.
When he was ready to begin the work of
surveying the lands Major Patton went
to the Coutß ranch at Eecondldo and re- '
mained over night, and the start for the
Indian reservation waa made from there. ;
"My dear, this will be my last Burvey
lng trip," said Couts to his wife, as the
party was about to leave on the follow
ing morning. "We are soon to be rich,
and I shall give up surveying forever and
enjoy the blessings which richoß can
bring us. We will have more money than
we know what to do with, for I have
discovered a gold mlr.e."
There were no gol<s mines in the Escon- !
dido Valley, and of course the members
of the party were anxious to learn how
Mr. Couts could have made hiß dlscov- ;
cry. When he told them that he had dis
covered the mine in a dream they laugh
ed at him. but he assun-d them that he
considered it no laughing matter. He
had dreamed that he was going through
a wild, mountainous country and that in
one of the most inaccessible places in the ■
whole region h>; unexpectedly came upon
a little cabin, built of adobe bricks and
brush. There he found an old Mexican
woman, thi upant of the place,
and she directed him to a spring, where '
I • went to sink** hie thirst. As he kneeled )
over the water and gazed Into Its clear,
depths he saw glittering particles in the
t^ir.'ls at I ... When he went
back to the cabin he asked the old woman
if there wai fvud in those mountains, and
ehe told him there was gold there in !
abundance. Then he woke up.
Several years after that— a little over |
three years, to be exact— Mr. Couts was j
one day riding through the mountains j
the Julian mining district, in San i
Diego County, and lost his way. He had
followed a winding mountain trail for
■J miles, hoping it would bring him
to some habitation where he might in
quire his way. Suddenly he came out
upon a little clearing, in the center of
which was a cabin. There was a famil- i
iar look about the place, though Mr.
a was certain he had never been in \
those mountains before. But as he '
■ I around him at the rough and deep- ;
eoamed mountains and saw the forests
of pine above him and the rushing stream
below him in the canyon, he recognized
the scene.
"My dream!" he exclaimed. "This is
the place I saw in my dream." For dur
he three long years he had never
given up the hope that he would one day
find the golden mountain of his sleeping :
vision. And now it stood". before him!
Efe rode to the door of the cabin. An
old Mexican woman appeared. His voice
trembled as he asked her in Spanish if
there was not a spring near where he '■
could find a cool drink. She motioned '
with her hand, and he. went directly to I
tne spring. All happened exactly as it |
had in hln dream.
Hack ho went to the cabin and asked
the old woman tho very samo question
many lives, the determination of the
Arctic currents. If these casks emerge
some day, as It Is believed they will,
from the Arctic Soa and find lodgment
on the shores of Greenland, the scien
tists believe that this will be conclu
sive proof that it is possible for a yes
he hod asked in his dream: "Is there
any gold in these mountains?"
"Plenty," Bhe said; "It is In all the
rocks."
Then the old woman told him that her
husband had taken a great deal of gold
out of the mountains and that after he
wae dead her son had also found many
of the precious particles; but he, too, had
died, and she was all alone. She showed
him the hole they had dug in the moun
tain side, and the rough arrastra where
fhfy had ground up the ore and taken
out the metal. She ww waiting to sell
the little mountain ranch, she said, so
that she could go to San Diego and spend
the rest of her days there in comfort.
In ten minute? mnrp i "a\-p ("outs had
started for San Diego, and he rode there
as fast as his pinto pony would carry
him. He borrowed $5000 of friends, and
with that he bought the little ranch and
hired men to go there and open up the
mine.
The "Ranchita" mine was sold by Cave
Couts a few days ago to Gail Borden. the
condensed* milk millionaire, for half a
million dollars. Cave Couts dreamed
himself rich.
» «. ■
HeW Qovr\od Became a J*l\jsiciar\.
SHORTLY before his death Gounod
wrote a brief sketch of the manner
In which he became a musician, and
this has just beer, published for the
first time by the Petit Bleu of Paris.
It Is wholly from Gounod's pen, and as
an autobiographic fragment will surely
prove of much interest to all admirers of
the famous composer of "Faust."
"I was 13 years old," he begins, "and
was* a pupil at the Ifarcourt School. My
mother, a poor widow, was obliged to
1 work hard for her living, and had to
trudge through snow and sunshine in or
der in obtain the means for her children's
education. I was continually worried
over the thought that she was sacrificing
herself for me, and I longed for the day
when I could set her free from her un
worthy labor. Her views, however. In
regard to mine, differed from mine. She
had destined me for a university career,
whereas I ever heard an enticing voice
saying, 'You must be a musician.'
"One day I told my mother about my
heart's desire.
" Are you In earnest?* she asked.
" 'In dead earnest'
" 'And you will not go to the univer
sity?'
■■ 'Never!'
" 'Where will you go then?'
" 'To the conservatory.'
"It was now her turn to say 'Never.'
It seemed fated then that I was to remain
■ at the Harcourt School until I had fin
ished my studies, and that, if misfortune
still dogged my footsteps at that time, I
would have to become a soldier. I could
not look to my mother for any help. She
would rather that I should do anything
else than become a vagabond musician.
" 'My dear mother,' I finally said to her,
'I will stay at school since you wish it,
but one thing I am determined upon, and
that is that 1 will never become, a soldier.'
" 'Do you mean that you will not obey
the law, which calls for military ser
vice?'
" 'No; but I mean that the law will be
a dead letter bo far as I am concerned.
" 'What do you mean?'
" 'I mean that I will win the "Prix de
Rome," which will free me from the ne
cessity of becoming a soldier.'
"My mother then abandoned the idea
of trying to make mo change my mind.
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
sel properly constructed, to make the
circuit from Bering Sea to the Atlantic,
without harm to itself or those aboard.
These casks are not to be placed In
the water and allowed to float, but in
stead are to be firmly lodged on the
ice surface, so that perhaps it
She decided, however, to lay the matter
b. fore Father Pierson, my school princi
pal. The Jolly old gentleman summoned
me and began in a fatherly tone of voice:
'So, my little fellow, we are going to
spend our life among musicians?"
" 'Yes, Mr. Pierson.'
" 'Hut music! Is that a profession?'
" 'What about Mozart, Meyerbeer,
Weber, Rossini? Didn't they have a pro
fessionT
"The good principal was somewhat
taken aback and replied hastily: 'Oh,
Mozart— that's a different matter alto
get !i«t. He gave proof of genius when he
was only your age.' Hut you! What ran
you do? Let us see.' With those words
he scribbled on a sheet of pap'T Joseph's
ballad, beginning, 'When my childhood
was past.' Then he handed me the sheet.
'Come, let me have sum*' music for these
words. 1 I ran off and two hours later I
came bark to him with my first musical
composition.
"'Good gracious!' said the old gentle
man, 'You are a terrible fellow. Go ahead
and sing your little song now.'
" 'Sins'? Without a piano?'
" 'What do want a piano for?"
" 'To play an accompaniment. It Is Im
possible in any other way to set forth the
true harmony of a work.'
" 'Oh, nonsense! I don't care a fig for
your harmony. What I want to know Is
whether yon have nny Ideas, any true
mus'cal temperament. Go ahead now.'
'T began to sing. When I had finished I
glanced timorously at my stern critic.
Tears stood in his eyes, tears were roll-
Ins down his cheeks. T saw that he was
strangely moved and I was not surprised
to find mvse]f the next moment in his
Cave Couts at WorK In the mine In Southern California which he
found through a dreanj and which he sold last weeK to Mil
lionaire-Gall Borden for half a rQillion dollars.
would be as well to say they will dem
onstrate the Ice drift, Instead of the
current, for the experience of Dr. Nan
sen and the Fram showed that these
two things are oftentimes very differ
ent. How long It will take the casks
to make the trip no one knows, but it
" 'It Is beautiful, beautiful, my boy,' he
said. 'We will make something out of
you. You shall become a musician, for
the real fire is in you.
"In this way I gained a champion. Fi
nally my mother took me to Reiche, my
tirst music teacher. She was ntill troubled
about mo and she whispered into Reiche's
car: 'Don't let him have an <»asy time.
Let him nee the dark side of the musical
profession. I will bless you if you send
him back to me a music hater.'
"Reiche, however, could not please her
in this way. After a year he was obliged
to say to her in reply to her inquiries:
'Madams, you had better content your
self. Your boy has talent. He knows
what he wants and nothing can discour
age him. He knows already as much as
I do and there Is only one thing which he
does not know, namely, that he knows
something.'
"1 knew mis also, however, for every
one wiio is not an ass possesses self-eorf
sciousness. Three years later I won the
'Prix de Rome' and 1 had accomplished
my heart's desire."
will certainly be several years.
Henry G. Bryant, the president of
the Geographical Society of Phila
delphia, Btands sponsor for the experi
ment. Mr. Bryant is an old Arctic
traveler, having made two voyages
with Lieutenant Peary, and, llke every
LIGHTING AND HEATING
FARMS WITH ELECTRICITY
NEAR St. Johnsvllle, N. V., Is a farm
of 350 acres belonging to G. R.
Beardslee. On this place Is a com
plete electric plant, which produces
the current for lighting and heating as
well as supplying the power for other
operations connected with the farm.
This electric installation is the first of
I its kind ever used for doing the work of
farm hands.
All the mechanical energy' Is supplied by
nature, and the cost and maintenance of
the plant is inexpensive. It has demon
strated thnt electricity used for manual
labor Is a success.
The farm land is situated on both sides
nf the East Canadian Creek, which is a
good-sized stream, containing two falls
within the bounds of the Beardslee prop
"My Dream." H« Exclaimed as Soon as He Set Eyes on the Old Mexican Woman,
■dentist who delves in such matters
for the love of science and not money,
is an enthusiast. A man of means, he
is paying the entire expense of this
trial of casks out of his own pocket.
I asked him what he thought would be
the practical result of the experiment.
He said:
"What we hope and believe is, that
■ozne of the casks will find their way
to Greenland and be thrown upon
either the west or east ooast by that
current whloh first sweeps down on the
west side of Greenland, curves about it,
and then trends along; the eastern coast
for a distance. If these casks, or any
of them, Bucceed In making this trip
Intact, it is fair to draw the deduction
that a vessel, If she were properly
built, oould do the same thing.
"The oasks are the Invention of Chief
Engineer Melville, and I regard them
as furnishing the most common sense
and practical plan for getting at the
secret of the Arctic drift and current
yet devised. I have thought enough of
it to pay the expense myself, and be
lieve that eventually by means of this
experiment we «.re more likely to find
a way to reach the pole. Every one
knows what Nansen achieved with the
Fram. He believes If he had drifted
with the current Instead of with the
loe, he would have been quite likely to
drift directly across the pole.
"Here is what Engineer Melville has
to say about the casks: 'It will be ob
served that the casks are made after
the ordinary manner, with solid wood
en ends, fitted to bear on the ends of
the staves, not on the heads, held in
place by a brass rod, with conical
brasß nuts to hold the cone ends in
place. The cask is painted a heavy
black to preserve It from decay and to
help keep it watertight — black, that it
may readily be seen.
" 'If thrown into the open water,
they are apt to be drifted with the
winds. The deep ice, being affected by
under currents, will probably carry the
casks on a more correct drift. The
customary bung hole and bung are
fitted, the Intention being to place In
each cask a bottle, tightly corked, to
preserve — in case the cask should leak
—such records as It may seem proper
to place therein.
" 'The casks being properly prepared,
should be carried on a Government
vessel through Bering Strait, and set
adrift in sets of five, numbered con
secutively, commencing with the first
five at or near Herald Island, then pro
ceeding to the northward, along the
eastern edge of the Ice pack, until the
highest safe latitude Is obtained — say
latitude 75 degrees north, longtltude 170
degrees west from Greenwich. I sug
gest this latitude and longtitu/le be
cause the polar pack in the above lati
tude commences to crowd well over to
the eastward and toward the North
American archipelago, where other cur
rents are known to exist.
" 'There is no doubt the casks will
come out somewhere. Siberian drift
wood has been found on the northeast
erty. These waterfalls, one of which Is i
sixty feet and the other 180 feet high, fur
nish the power.
The owner of the farm employed the ;
Westtnghouse Company to put this
scheme in operation.
The smaller fall was used as the operat
ing power, and near it was built a power- i
house in which was placed a ISO-kilowatt !
WVstinghouse generator, connected with a
horizontal turbine operated by the water. |
From this central power-house the cur
rent is transmitted by wires to the dwell
ing-house and other buildings.
One motor of ten horsepower runs a
mowing machine, another a threshing
machirrf and a third works a 44-lnch saw '
for cutting logs.
The farmhouse Is brilliantly lighted and
era shores of Bennett Inland, on the
northeast point of Nova Zembla, on the
eastern coast of Franz Josef Land, on
the eastern shores of Spitsbergen, and,
possibly, In the drift of the eastern side
of Greenland.'
"We placed some of these casks
aboard whalers which started north
before the Bear. Our Idea is to place
these casks en the Ice floes at different
points, covering 1 quite an expanse of
territory, and In this way we shall not
be apt to miss anything;."
One of the men who has been very
active in assisting Mr. Bryant in car
rying out the cask project is Professor
Angelo Heilprin. Speaking of the pro
ject and its possibilities, he said:
"Be far as the northeastern er North
American drift Is concerned, It is very
likely- that the casks, if gains; through
at all, will fellow the Una mere er less
closely which was the path of the
famous expedition of MeClare over
forty years ago, which solved the
northwest passage. "
"Again, with regard to the northwest
ern or Siberian drift, whioh would.
naturally be taken to be In the main)
coincident with . the line that was fol
lowed by the FraiH, it is proper ta say
that despite the absolutely positive
confirmation ef the existence of such a
current, which the successful voyage of
the Fram gave, there aro some even
to-day who look upon the drift of this
vessel as not being borne by a perma
nent current, bat by a combination ef
temporary enes. Chief Engineer Mel
ville himself has at various times ex
pressed a doubt upon the existence bf
such a permanent current, and it was
probably largely this doubt which in
fluenced him more particularly toward
the present exploration.
"In singular confirmation ef Mel
ville's views is the testimony which
has been recently published by the sec
ond officer of Nansen's expedition, whe
was on board the Fram during the
memorable drift, to the effect that in
his belief the current which bore the
Fram northwestward in such close
proximity to the pole was, contrary to
the opinion expressed by Nansen him
self, not a continuous one. but one ac
cidental and brought about by the con
currence of interacting, temporary and
local ones.
"In evidence of this he says that at
various periods of the drift hawsers
that were dropped from the stern of
the Fram, instead of following: in the
course of the boat, were drawn in
tension In the direction opposite to It,
showing that In those parts of the
water which were some distance from
the surface there as an oceanic cur
rent tending: In a direction contrary to
that which the Fram itself was making:.
"This view, which seems not. general
ly to be known, has recently been pub
lished as a brochure in Norwegian and
German, as a supplement to Nansen's
exploration, and In German as a sud
plement to his work. It carries also
the further information that the Frara
did not go through her Journey un
scathed, as Is also currently believed,
but with such Injuries to her as were
at one time considered to be almost
fatal to a further continuance of the
journey." ■ • ' ■
well heated by electricity! The kitchen is
supplied with an electrically heated cook
ing stove and In the laundry the flatlrona
are heated by the same power. In. the
dairy the churns and other appliances all
have electric motor attachments. The
grounds are lighted by several arc lamps,
and their use In the barns greatly facili
tates the work and lessens the danger of
fir©.
—.♦ . ;
In Paris the thousands of sardine and
other tin boxes that are thrown away
every day form the basis for an Industry
which has reached vast proportions. These
refuse cans are stamped by machinery
into tin soldiers and sold so cheaply that
the poorest children can possess them,
yet the manufacturer makes a fair profit,
which he could not do if he used new
material.CRIME CAN BE CURED, Says Dr. John Quackenbos of Columbia University.
DR. JOHN DUNCAN QUACKENBOS of Columbia University has cured STEALING BY HYPNOTISM, IMMORALITY AND DRUNKEN
NESS BY HYPNOTISM, THE CIGARETTE HABIT BY HYPNOTISM.
Ever since the announcement was made a few days ago that this physician could overcome crime and vicious habit? thnuph sug
gestion his house and office have been In a state of siege. Day and night appeal haa been made at his door by those who insist that they
have no strength to resist thieving or strong drink. Young boys and little girls are brought to this man by unhappy father*- and mothers,
who have about lost hope seeing their sons and daughters weakening slowly into cigarette funds. But to one and all Dr. Quackenbos has
givn the cheering counsel that there is no crime or sin, no matter to what degree of viciousness the victim has fallen, but can be overcome by a
hypnotic sleep, when high moral alms are suggested to the patient's mind.
It was early In the winter Just passed that Dr. Quackenbos began his self-imposed task upon the young boys who lived In thd Newsboys'
Home. New*Yock. One or two of the little fellows at first rather timidly presented themselves to the doctor to be cured of the excessive use of
d were treated with such success by this physician that it was not long before dozens of these small chaps were urging the doctor to
enable them to do without the cigarettes which were shown to be Injurious to their strength and lives.
While petty stealing has been cured In many cases by Dr. Quackenbos since he began to use suggestion for the correction of crime among
Lthful "offenders, the case In which he takes the greatest pride and upon which he bases the theory that even an habitual criminal may be
reformed Is the case of a young fellc vho for five years had stolen right and left. He had been arrested, and was in a fair way to spend a part
of his life in the State reformatory, wnen his case was brought to the attention of the doctor.
• Quackenbos stands high In the medical world, where his specialty has been the nervous diseases. He belongs to an old Dutch family, and
low of the New York Academy of Medicine, as well as of the New Hampshire Medical Society. Before- the latter association in June he
a paper upon "Hypnotic Suggestion in the Treatment of Crime," In which he will tell of his work the past year among the vicious and de
generate of the New York slums.
Special to the Sunday Call.
It£«t? f ;i the New York lodging houses for boys, the only institution of
vrm ♦IP wnlcn lam accorded access, a number of intelligent
v u " K leilows, representing the newsboy, bootblack and errand boy
ciaws , were found desirous of being freed from practices prejudicial
to their physical and moral health.
tinJ £ c cases ma >' be classified under the heads of cigarette addic
™™ h , V ;I lt V' l ' ; , 1 11 sexual perversion, and low or misdirected intelli
fT.,; H? « mtth.. pursued with cigarette smokers, some of whom.admit
itH n,tn^«li! X and lnhali "X of forty to fifty cigarettes a day and exhib
nf th^tti y 3 m ? tom ,? of "' in " poisoning, was to deprive them gradually
2»,Vl?# ' n Y lho suggestion was given to smoke fewer cigarettes each
each meal eriSulng week - untll the number was finally reduced to one after
At the second hypnotism the suggestion was, "You have. got through
with cigarettes and have no further use for tobacco; It will nauseate you,
keep up your nervous symptoms, Increase the irregular action of your
heart, continue to irritate your throat, and aggravate the' eye trouble it
has induced. It will Interfere with your success in life"— this repeated
three times. The rewards of honesty, moderation and devotion to em
ployers interests were then pictured, and the patient was told to wake
up at a designated time, feeling encouraged, ambitious and happy. These
suggestions are always fulfilled. A disgust for tobacco is produced; some
times so strong that after the first treatment the patient will almost en
tirely forego its use. One subject, William 8., who had been smoking
twenty -two cigarettes a day, dropped to four a week after a single sitting.-
A thief 17 years old, who developed kleptomania at the age of 12 and
had been repeatedly arrested, begged t« be cured of his uncontrollable im
pulse to steal. The suggestion was given to him (in the slang that ha
used and understood) that he would no longer feel the Inclination to steal,
and then that he would not steal, each being repeated emphatically three
times. He was then told that he lived in a country where an honest boy
was sure to rise and an honorable career was suggested to him dependent
on his respect for the property of other people.
The final suggestion was to lay aside his hang-dog guilty look, to put
on a frank and manly; expression, and be afraid to look no man in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
EARNINGS AND AGES OF AMERICANS
MOST POPULAR STAGE FAVORITES
Gross earnings of twelve leading
American star actresses In this 30
--week season :
■ Gross
Name. Age. Receipts.
Maude Adam 5............27. ...........27 $39*5,000
Mrs. Leslie Carter 34 330,
Viola Allen 36 300,000
Julia Marlowe ....34 270,000
Ada R0han...... 39 250,000
Lillian Russell :..89 250.000
Annie Russell 35 200,000
A.dele «Rifchie. 26 ■ 200.000
May Irwln 87 150.000
Anna Held 26 150.000
Julia Arthur 30 100,000
Minnie Maddern Fiske..33 10^,000
Averace age 33 $2,740,000
eye. Words cannot express my gratification at meeting my light-fingered
young friend a week later with his head erect, an open countenance, a
smile of acknowledgment on his face, and at hearing him voluntegr the
information, "Doctor, I have not had the least temptation to swipe any
thing since last Sunday."
The sexual I'crvrsions that have been successfully treated are many.
Ungovernable abuses have been controlled and patients have been obliqued
from sexual manias which no appeal to self-respect, fear of physical or
mental ruin, conscience or reason, and which no use of drugs had any
effect on. Animal standards have been displaced from some boys' minds,
and intellectual, moral and spiritual ideals substituted therefor. The
thought of marriage with an honorable woman, who would be In sympathy
with the patient's aims and share his life's work, was made in the case of
one subject to take the place of a mania for promiscuous concubinage —
from which I am confident a bright young life has been rescued. Worthy
ambitions were suggested to one young man. assurance that he could
master the study he was engaged in and would develop Intellectually along
the lines he had chosen— with the result of awakening a superior Interest
In his books and clothing him with power to overcome the difficulties of
higher arithmetic and geometry. Although the cases so far experimented
with are few in number, they are amply sufficient to establish the follow
ing facts:
Young persons of either sex under 20 are phenomenally susceptible to
hypnotism. Boys addicted to the cigarette habit, to profanity and the
sexual vices are curable by this means. The impulse to steal Is remov
able through hypnotism. Stammerers may be relieved of their defect.
High resolve may be made to take the place of sordid and sensual aims,
lofty ideals of low standards, mental brilliancy and Interest of stupidity
and indifference.
I have no hesitation In adding to this list of curable moral diseases the
gambling mania so marked among American schoolboys as well as the
arabs of the street, the growing lack of reverence 'for superiors, habits
Of disobedience, habits of lying and general lncorriglbllity. And I predict
that scientific experiments will shortly be made with insane persons' for I
am convinced from personal experience that hypnotics suggestion is adapted
to the treatment of delusions, melancholia, monomania and mild forms or
insanity la general,
IS THE PRICE SET ON THIS MAN'S HEAD
For Three Tears the Gang of Desperadoes lias Gone Unpunished; Four
Sets of Cowboys and Detectives Have 80 Far Failed to
Run Them Down.
ft »HH man who secures the body,
I dead or alive, of a murdering ban
■ ) dit known as "Black Jake" along
I the frontier of the Southwest will
J. get $5000 cash and earn the thanks
•»f many people and corporations In
the Territories of New Mexico and Ari
zona. •
. For two years and a half a band of out
laws known as the "Black Jake" gang has
robbed, marauded and murdered at inter
vals of a few months in widely separated
and different parts of these Southwestern
Territories. The Southern Pacifio Rail
road Company has brought Its most ex
pert bandit catchers to this region from
Texas, California and the Territories, and
hat spent a food-sized fortune la tiring
to lay hoi* of the outlaw*.
Gross receipts of eleven star actors
In the season of 30 weeks which has
just closed:
Gross
Name. ■ • Age. Receipts.
Richard Mansfield 42 $425,000
William Gillette 46 310,000
John Drew .46 300,000
Nat C. Goodwin.... 42 300.000
Edward H. Sothern 35 300,000
Dentnan Thompson 68 250.000
Sol Smith Russell 51 2nii.ooo
Henry Miller : 37 • 200.000
William 11. Crane 54 200.000
Andrew Mack 33 200.(XX)
James K. Hackett 30 160,000
Average age .....44 ' $2,8«5.000
Prof«»§oiMswioKent>os Hypnotlzlog Newsboy \9 l ly by Mcciqs of a Gold Pencil to Cure Him of tb« Cigarette Habit.
The Santa Fe Railroad Company has
had four different sets of cowboys and
plains detectives each employed for a
month at a time in pursuing "Black
Jake" and hie gang on a dozen different
dews. Marshals of Arizona and New
Mexico have been equally vigilant, and
have been active in sending sagacious
peace officers of the plains to catch the
bandits, and the United States troops
have galloped here and there along -the
frontier in vain quests of "Black Jake"
and his followers. A reward of $5000 if
offered Jointly by the Executives of the
Territories for the capture of "Black
Jake" dead or alive, and even now a score
or two of men are searching over the
wild, dreary and uninhabited mountain
chain which stands on the border between
Mexico and the United States, in the hope
of earning the tempting reward offered
for the taxing of the outlaws.
The rlae of the notorious gang dates
from the early days of August, 1596.
"Black Jake" is the frontier name for a
former United States scout named Jacob
Emmona. He enlisted in the military ser
vice at Fort Whlpple, near Prescott,
Ariz., after he had been "a cowboy in the
Territories foe eleven years. He came
originally from the vicinity of Vineland,
N. J., and the cowboys and hin comrades
at the garrison say he had an unusual
education.
But he was a born tough. He shot and
killed a barkeeper at Willlamp, Ariz.,
when he was but 20, and narrowly es
caped hanging. As a scout he was a fail
ure, because no one had confidence In
him. He was left fISOO by a New Jersey
relative In ISS3, and when he got out of
the service he spent all the money In a
month in Phoenix and Yuma. Then he
drifted down to Sonora, Mexico, and the
few people who remembered him thought
he was probably dead down there until
the news came that he was th<=. head of a
reckless band of bamiits who were after
gold coin at the sacrifice of any life that
baffled their efforts.
On or about August 8, ISOi'., several men
employed In the general merchandise
■tore of the Hualapi Mining Company, two
miles north of Kinginan, Ariz., were
roused from their noonday siestas behind
the counters one hot, blistering day, by
four cowboys who walked in and asked
to see some saddles. One of the store
men started to go upstairs to show the
strangers his stock of saddles. The others
were too warm and sleepy to move, but
the moment they saw each of the suppos
ed purchasers whip out two long, mur
derous revolvers at full cock they were
Instantly very much awake.
When each of the store men looked Into
the muzzle of a pistol as if into the mouth
of a railroad tunnel, he knew that he and
his store companions were in the hands of
bandits. While one bandit, a tall, dark
complexioned fellow, with deep-set eyes
and mammoth tattooed st;irs on his hands,
w**nt about the store seeking money and
transportable valuables, the store men
"HOW I WON SUCCESS AS AN AUTHOR."
The Stirring Story of Poor Frank Bullcn, Whose Talc of "The Cruise of the Cachalot" Mas
Just Brought Him pame and Fortune. Klpi'o9 Praised His Work-
I HAVE just received .rom a friend in
London some passages of autobiogra
phy lately communicated to him by
Frank T. Bullen. the author of "The
<ruise of the Cachalot." which so
many readers are now pronouncing
the most enthralling narrative of true
sea adventure that has ever rome into
t)i<ir bands. These passages indicate
that, if anybody wants to repeat Mr. Bul
l°n's literary achievement In kind as well
as in measure, he will have' to begin early
in life- ; for Mr. Rullen's own career was
one unbroken succession of unusual ex
periencea from the moment of his birth
down to about his twenty-fifth year,
since when it has had a rather more nor
mal course.
"I was born in London In 1R57." he says,
"my father being a Journeyman stone
mason. My mother I never know, for
while I was an infant my parents sep
arated, leaving me, their only child, to
the mercy of my father's sister, a poor
dressmaker who never married. To her
tender care I am Indebted for seven
happy years."
Of his life with this aunt he adds: "Her
usual bedtime was ;:t 1 a. in., mine was
at 7 p. m.; so as I slept with her and she
lay soundly sleeping til) 0. the bright
summer mornings were almost intermin
ably \n\\fi i" me. F'-iit happil} there stood
on the narrow mantelpiece n few books—
a Bibk', a io.)kerj book, somebody's ad
vice to young servants, a k of common
prayer «hd "Paradise Lost.' And when
I became able to read l used to climb
cautiously over the head of the bed, get a
book and Kteal back again. 'Paradise
were kept looking at very close range into
the imizzlcs of cocked revolvers. In ten
minutes, perhaps, some $1400 in coin, was
taken, for there is not the convenience of
bank deposits in frontier settlements.
Then the storekeepers were bound and
gagged. One of them, John A. Bishop, re
sisted, and in the scrimmage was stabbed
to death. The bandits bound the other
men tighter, nnd, hastening; out, wore
poon on their broncos outside. Before
any of the men in the store could get
loose and give the alarm the bandits were
miles away on the alkali desert, where no
one but a few poor starved Hualapl In
dians live in a territory of about 700
square miles.
The Sheriff ' had no sooner set out to
seek the bandits than the information
came that the office force of the Resolute
Mining a Company, fifty miles over toward
Ash Fork, had been held up, bound and
gagged by the same gang on the day pre
vious to the robbery and murder at King
man. Some ' thirty ounces of gold and
coin to the amount of $100 had been stolen
from the safe. v.;-'. -
In the latter, part of the following
month "Black Jake" and his gang robbed
the bank at the rich cattle and mining
town of Nogales, Arts. It was a very
bold deed. Three entered the bank. One
covered the president, who was outside
the railing; another stepped to the win
dow and called the teller, who was sitting
at some distance, and ordered him to hold
up his hands., The teller promptly obeyed,
and started to walk to the window, but
was stopped . before , he . could get there. .
The third man went down to the end of
the railing to get behind it and at the
cash. At the end he saw an open door
leading Into a room Where several men
were planning an irrigation scheme. He
promptly held them up. Each man was
thus. busy holding some person with his
six-shooter,, and there was no on© left to
shovel the money into. the bag.
Realizing that something must be done
to change the combination, the man who
had the irrigation convention at bay
promptly shut the door on It. The slam
ming of the door attracted the attention
of the gentleman at the teller's window,
and he turned to see what the trouble
was. The Instant the robber turned the
teller made a Jump for his window, under- ,
neath which, on a shelf, reposed the bank
six-shooter, which he grabbed and began
shooting.
Over 100 shots were fired Inside of three
minutes. Every man who could get a gun
and a horse took the trail. A skirmish
ensued among the rocks in the Las
Animas Canyon. "Black Jake" lost his
horse, but got the one ridden by the
Sheriff of Pima County, and escaped into
Sonora, Mexico.
Three months passed and the Arizona
people began to hope and then to think
that the Black Jake band had decided to
remain permanently In the republic of
Mexico. Late one night in January, 1897,
when the air was a little chilly in the
Lost' soon superseded all the others, and.
Incredible as it may sound, before I had
completed my fifth year I had read it
through, 'arguments' and all, twice."
"In my ninth year." Mr. Bullen con
tinues, "came a calamity Chat swept me
like a drifting ship out of the peaceful
haven of my aunt's home. Education,
love and sympathy all disappeared. In
their place came hunger, blows, severe
exhausting labor from 6 In the morning
till 11 at night, and an atmosphere of vile
language. At last, when I was In my
twelfth year, after an experience of life
in London that would fßound Incredible if
it were detailed, I escaped to sea as cabin
boy In an old tub of a bark bound to
Pemarara."
From this followed ten or twelve yearn
of almost constant seafaring, marked for
the most part by nothing but hardships
and dangers. At 22, with an all but
empty purse and nothing better in pros
pect than a life before the maat, h» mar
ried a girl Just turned 18. He was soon,
of necessity, at sea again, "before the
mast in a schooner bound for Nova Sco
tia." Finally, the life became per
fectly Intolerable to him, and he decided
to find employment on land. "But things
got so bad," says he, "that we laid out
our last half sovereign on food for the
baby, and began to starve. Credit we
had noiie, or friends or relatives worth
a row of plna to us.
"In the midst of this came an offer of
a berth ashore, as a computer In a public
offl'-e — a sort of junior clerk, at $10 a
week. Great heavens! I thought I was
Rothschild. I took It gratefully, and said
$5000
semi-tropic regions, five men In masks
wr.lked in upon a faro game at Deming,
New Mexico. While four of the masked
men covered the/ eleven gamblers and
kept their hand? away above their heads,
the tallest of the masked men gave his
whole attention to the cashier of the lay
out. That official reached for his pistol,
but he was too slow. He was shot in the
face and he dropped forward on the green
table. The robbers were gone in a twink
ling.
Three murders were added in 1898 to the
catalogue of crimes attributed to the no
torious band. One was the shooting of a
passenger on the stags from Tombstone
to Grant Springs, In Arizona, when that
vehicle was held up, and the passengers
piled their watches, purses and other
valuables In a heap for the use of the
bandits. Another murder was that of a
switchman for the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company at NaPmjo, because,
probably, he was suspected of having
recognized the gang and of having plans
for telling his suspicions to the Sheriff.
The Santa Fe west-bound overland was
held up by the gang west of Gallup last
June. The express messenger was shot,
the safe was dynamited, and a sack of
gold and currency was secured. Sheriff
Lawrence and twenty carefully picked
men chased the gang for two weeks.
Heavy rains fell, and not the faintest
clew remained for trailing the outlaws
across hundreds of miles of sunbaked
soil In an uninhabited region. The gen
eral merchandise store of the Phelps Min
ing Company at Hueneme, In Yavapal
County, Ariz., was robbed' one day last
November while two employes there were
at dinner, and the two other men In the
store were bound and gagged, but only a
few dollars were had.
This gang 1b well acquainted with a
large section of country to the southwest
of here and there are few men In that
section that will openly and single-handed
do anything against them. In a posse It
Is different. A number of the men are
their friends and help them with food,
horses and Information.
Others are living on exposed ranches,
where the robbers can come in, if they
are revengeful, and kill the man who haa
helped an officer, or they can kill stock
and run off horses. The gang la often
seen by cowboys and men living on
ranches, and to them the robbers have
told their versions of their experiences.
The last Congress overhauled the law
regarding the emoluments of United
States Marshals, and now if a Marshal
sends out a man to make an arrest and
the deputy does not get the man he goes
after the Government will not pay him
anything. Under the provisions of this
law it was impossible for United States
Marshal Hall to get men to take the trail.
Even a Deputy Marshal wants to know
that he will be paid for his time from
when he starts on a trail until he la
killed. He objects more to working for
nothing than he does to getting killed.
good-by to the sea. But I soon found it
was no easy task to step down from the
position of a leader of men to that of a
deputy Junior clerk. In fact, it was al
most maddening at times, only to be
borne by remembering the two helpless
ones at home. And there was always
some reading to be had. Reading had
been the salt of my whole life, although
I have been shut up to two books for a
whole voyage— the Bible and 'Bleak
House,' both of which I read through
from beginning to end so many times that
if I were to state the number I should
certainly be disbelieved."
The need of piecing out his clerical sal
ary as the size and necessities of his fam
ily Increased, led him, about six years
ago, to try his hand at writing. He met
with many discouragements at first, and
with no really substantial success until
he brought out "The Cruise of the Cacha
lot," his only book thus far, though he
Is to bring out another soon. Of the hit
the book haa made, he says: "When the
Cachalot appeared, men whose names I
had read with awe as ihe august arbiters
of literature wrote to me, and wrote of
me, as If they were all in one grand con
spiracy to turn my head, and the only
place where my book has been totally Ig
nored is in the London morning dallies."
The rarest pocket handkerchief In the
world 1b possessed by Queen Margaret of
Italy. It Is of lace, is estimated to be
worth (29,600, and took twenty years to
weave. The handkerchief Is so light that
It Is scarcely felt If placed on the hand,
and so small that It Is kept In a little gold
case less than an Inch In diameter.
2122
THISMAN MAKES GOLD AND SELLS IT TO THE UNITED STATES MINT
Uncle Sam Has Been Buying His Gold Bricks for Two Years and No
Secret Is Made of His Business. He Frankly Tells How It Is Done.
Laboratory on Staten Island Where tf)e Artificial Goid
Is Made.
CAN silver be changed Into gold by
chemistry? This is the problem for
the last years of the century to
solve.
Dr. Emmens claimed twelve
months ago that he had discovered
the secret of the alchemists. And
now Uncle Sam buys this alchemist's gold
and pays good money for it day after day.
To manufacture gold in. a laboratory was
the -wildest dream of the Middle Ages.
Now comes this metallurgical doctor with
r^nevred declarations that' he has cra.:K<Nl
the centuries-harden mul of the
alchemists. In the tenth century such r
claimant would have been made King or
executed.
Dr. Stephen H. Emmem is the Inventor
of the high explosive called emmensite.
From his Ingot making laboratory on
States Island he has been sending pold
bricks to the United States assay office,
QFOUf OF MEMBERS OF JHE NAOJ4I B^CHELOJ* CLUB, STOGKJOJ*
THE SAX FTtANCTSCO CALX. STJNDAT, JONB 4, 1899.
MANIPULATIONS THROUGH WHICH TH^ ARTIFICIAL GOLD PASSES
1-Mexican dollar. 2-Hammerlng. 3-Fluxing. 4-Hammerinp. 5-Smelt
lng. Result— An Ingot of argentaurum.
In Wall street. And the Government has
bought them.
According to the records there Dr. Em
mena has t :i doing a land office business
In selling the mint Ingots of his Staten
gold.
The following are the official figures of
the Ingots of argentaurtim gold Bold to
the United States assay office in New
Gold in Silver Dollars.
Dr. Emmens says that the argentau
rum examined In the laboratory of the
United States Mint, in Washington. D.
C.when Mr. R. E. Preston was Direc
.tor, gave this result:
Gold 528. 50 Zinc .' 0.23.
Stiver 3*3. R2 Iron 0.39
Copper 56.0C1
Platinum 0.85 Total 1000. 00
Lead 0.03
Concerning these statistics a Govern
ment official said:
"They do not prove that the. gold was
really manufactured by Dr. Emmens 1
processes. For all we know it may have
been ordinary gold of commerce remelted
ami restamped with the word 'argentau
rum.' the name which the doctor has
Kivon to' the melal..
"II- ran call it what he pleases. It
bears all the tests of pure gold. But the
great question is: Did he manufacture it
out of silver, as claimed?
"Another tact which may or may not
have a bearing on the discussion Is this:
( ']!•■ lot of gold purchased here by tne
doctor was followed later by nearly the
same amount in weight and value stamp
<<l 'artrentaurum' from the doctor's lab
oratory.
"This fa-ct Ftniek us as somewhat cu
rious, though it may only have been a
coincidence."
How to Make Gold From Silver.
And how does a man go to work to turn
silver into gold? Of course, it is more or
less a seere/t, btit the genial inventor
kindly volunteers many tips in that direc
tion.
i i"i way to increase the small amount
of gold already in a ivlcxican silver dollar
is to hammer tho coin at a low tempera
ture—as far below zero as you can freeze
it.
On this point Dr. Kmmens writes In the
Anglo-American Matrazine:
"Let us consider fir a moment what
cold and impact mean from a molecular
point of view. To abstract heat causes
matter to contract, or. in other words, to
become of greater specific gravity. To
hammer a piece of metal causes its mole
< ules to approach closer and. for ausht
we know, to pulverize each other.
"We are, moreover, aware that parti
cUs of matter which adhere together
very slightly may by v» Infinitesimal ad
ditionaJ convergence become so closely co
herent thai an extraordinary .legree of
force is required to subsequently tear
them apart. The [process of welding is a
case in point.
Sort of Cold Welding Process.
"I, ay two pieces of redhot iron in con
tact and you can separate them with the
utmost ease; strike them while In con
tact and they form one rolid body. Sure
ly, then, it is conceivable that an aggre
gate of any silver molecules exposed to
cold and impact may be partly resolved
Into urstoff. which in turn becomes weld
ed into molecules differing In structure
and specific gravity from the original sil
ver.
"Such a result is more than conceivable:
It Is probable. Instead of being surprised
at Sir William Crookes being so simple as
to try to make gold, our wonder should
rather be that the *na;iy eminent chem
ists of the present century have been so
simple as to overlook the argentaurum
method of molecular disaggregation and
rearrangement.
"Here, however, an objection at once
presents itself. Why gold? Admit that
the silver molecules become pulverized,
and that the fragments become welded
Into fresh molecules, it is unlikely that
these will be all of one kind.
"Why should not copper, iron and other
substance* be produced instead of gold?
The answer is twofold. In the first place,
the contractive action of cold will prob
ably prevent the formation of molecules
having a less specific gravity than silver.
"In the second place. Sir William's ex
periment showed that very few of the
rearranged molecules took the form of
gold. If my worthy friend had com
menced by making a complete analysis of
his Mexican dollar, and had subsequently
made a complete analysis of the ham
mered and frozen cuttings, he would have
found many changes in addition to the
augmented percentage of gold."
Here is what Dr. Emmens says of his
latest improved process:
"The gold producing work In our ar
gentaurum laboratory is a case of sheer
Mammon dealing.
"It is not being carried on for the sake
of science, or in a proselyting spirit. No
disciples are desired and no believers are
asked for.
"Our gold process has become modified
since the announcements made last. When
work on a microscopical scale advanced
to commercial dimensions it was found
possible to dispense with the tedious and
costly preparation of so-called 'allo
tropic* silver as raw material. We now
use Mexican dollars, and the operation
consists of five stages,. as follows:
"(a) Mechanical treatment. . }
"<!>) Fluxing and granulation!!
"(c) Mechanical treatment.
"(d) Treatment with oxides of nitrogen
— i. c., a modified nitric acid.
"(e) Refining.
"We regard the mechanical treatment
as the causa causans. The fluxing and
granulation serve, we think, merely to
render the molecular aggregates suscep
tible of displacement and rearrangement.
"If you will try the combined effect of
Impact and very low temperature you can
easily produce some gold.
"1 don't promise that you will make It
at a commercial profit, but I doubt not
you will be well pleased to produce it at
all. irrespective of cost.
"Take a Mexican dollar, a coin which,
as now minted, is certified by the United
States Assay Office here to be free from
STOCKTON'S FAMOUS BACHELORS CLUB
THE young men of the Naomi Bach
elor riub of Stockton have demon
strated that there can be at least
a degree of assimilation between
domesticity and bohemianism.
While enjoying all the' freedom of
the man-about-town they have also man
aged to provide for themselves many of
the comforts of a home. The club has
become one of the fixtures of Stockton.
But the wise young marriageable
women of Stockton declare most emphat
ically that it won't live long. They have
Joined hearts and hands to disrupt it, and
the married women are with them. With
such a combination against them the
chances of bachelorhood and club life
seem to be wholly against the members
of this Stockton club.
The bachelors' club was formed over
two years ago by the ten young men,
with a view of combining social pleasures
with hotter living comforts than they
could obtain in boarding-houses. The
charter members of the organization were
Harry H. Hewlett, with the Thirst Na
tional Bank; J. A. Edwards, with Hale
& Co.: Horace Vincent, of the Savings
and T>oan Society; A. T. Baum, A. P. op
erator; A. H. Harlin, advertising solic
itor; W. H. Harrison, photographer; E.
H. Oharrette. druggist; R. W. Elsom, pos
tal '-lerk; H. J. I^ewis, merchant, and J.
J. Campbell, musician.
A "comfortable place to roost, good
grub and plenty of latch-keys" is one way
of summing up the desires of the young
men. They made no vows against women,
drew no iron-clad rules for the operation
of their club, and while never overstep
ping the bounds of good form, the dining
room has been the scene of some merry
gatherings. The members figured out
how much the per capita cost would he
to run the establishment, the assessments
were agreed to, and the handsome Berg
mann house on San Joaquln street se
cured for the club. A man to act as
chambermaid wns secured, and a Japan
ese cook Installed In the culinary depart
ment.
The members learned early the trials
and tribulations to be encountered In the
management of servants. They finally
solved the problem by getting Japs in
their "raw state" and taking them
jrold— c. f not to have more than a trace—
and dispose It in an apparatus which will
prevent expansion or flow.
"Then subject it to heavy, rapid and
continuous beatings under conditions of
cold such as to prevent even a temporary
rise of temperature when the blows are
struck. Test, the material from hour to
hour, and at length you will find more
than a trace of gold.
"Whether, the experiment would prove
successful with pure silver or a silver
alloy other than a Mexican dollar I can
not say. It is to my mind very possible
that there are. several varieties of silver
considered with regard to their molecular
equilibrium.
"I do not even Insist that the metal .
obtained In the experiment or produced
under better economical conditions in the
Argentaurum laboratory is gold. I choose
to call it so, but this is not binding on
you or any one else."
Is It a Golden Keely Secret
It is claimed that Dr. Emmens has pre
sented a problem even more difficult to
solve than the Keely, motor. In the first
place, he is in absolute control of hin
secrets and laboratory. He is a man of
prepossessing appearance and manner, his
"dome of thought" Is Shakespearian, his
countenance pleasing and his language
pimple and well expressed and his delivery
forcible, magnetic and exceedingly plausi
ble.
He has scientific terms and data at his
fingers' ends. The learned gentlemen in the
Assay Office arlmit that his claims cannot
be controverted beyond answer.
He sits at his desk, on the seventh floor
of a big, . many windowed building on
Broadway, looking down on Bowling
Green and the business center of New
York beyond. He answers questions In
stantly and reassuringly..
He says the subject of transmuting sil
ver into gold is too serious to be consid
ered in a frivolous way so often exhibited
by newspaper- writers. His figures are
modest and he keeps his statements with
in reasonable bounds., if his claim is to
be admitted as ' possible.
He says: "We are unable to manufac
ture gold in large quantities at present.
To do so would require numerous and ex
tensive duplications of our limited appli
ances, which can handle but a few ounces
of silver at a time. The present profit is
about 30 per cent. It has required a great
deal of thought and hard, exacting toil
to bring the process to its present state of
development. Really, we are but oh the
threshold of manufacturing gold on a
almost unlimited — scale. I estimate
that we have made about $15,000 worth of
gold from silver thus far.
More Silver Cocoanuts to Crack.
"Another 'hard fact' of a different or
der came quite recently to my knowledge.
It was narrated In a letter written to
To Ec Attacked
Stockton's
Marriageable
GIRLS,
through a course of sprouts, which devel
oped them Into something approaching the
dub's ideas of what arc ideal servant
should be. The larder and sideboard were
stocked with the best the market afford
ed* and an tnvitation to dine with the
bachelors soon became a coveted pleas
ure.
A year ago the club Increased its mem
bership and secured more spacious Quar
ters at 2.1 East Tretnont street, which is
in the elite residence quarter of the city.
By good business management the bach
elors have never hud any trouble with
the butcher, the baker or candlestick
maker.
The personnel of the rlub has partly
changed several times and in every avo
cation of life, even in, married life, and
in every quarter of the globe are those
Who cherish pleasant memories of days
and nights spent within the four walls of
the Naomi. Charrette is with the army
in the Philippines: Harrison is in Klon
dike; Raum is in San Francisco; Wein
stock in Now York, and others have Jour
neyed far in search of lame and fortune.
Raymond M. Laughton. who was with
the Oregon at Santiago, is one of the new
members. Four of those who have been
members have, with the aid of brides,
"gone to housekeeping for themselves."
The club motto is "Enjoy yourself while
you are single." and frequently some of
the benedicts drop in to spend an even
ing with their former associates. When a
new member comes in he may be sure
that he is welcome, as a single vote
against granting his application for mem
bership Is sufficient to shut him out. The
me on September 20, IBW, by a very
learned and trustworthy gentleman, Pro
fessor K. N. Sukul, physician of the Poor
Man Dispensary at Benares, In British
India, He wrote as follows
"'I always held this theory that all
Ertfi'i 8 fre On . and the Same thing (ma
terially); each- being an "lsomeric form
thereof. This fact was most undeniably
proved to me about twenty-four years
ago. - . '
" 'I met an alchemist, a native of Iran,
In Persia, by name Anwar All Tehran!
who, having heated (in my presence) a
large crucible to white heat, dropped one
fourth grain of something into it, and
then he threw lumps of brass, Iron lead
~HjV ° oP ? er etc - tnto the crucible!
*hich all melted in the blaze produced
therein on the Introduction Of that Bub
stance; and when the crucible was near
ly full of this melted mass of all these
metals he again put another one-fourth
grain of the same substance on the top
thereof, which once more produced a
blaze. /
How the Little Trick Was Done.
V 'When the crucible contained nearly
four hundred ounces of that melted
mass it was overturned and the mass
.was poured out Into a prepared mud,
where Immediately on cooling it turned
into purest silver, which was sold In the
bazaar in the city of Lucknow, the cap
ital city of Oudh.
" 'This was sufficient to drive off any
trace of doubt with regard .to the above
theory— that all metals were merely the
isomeric changes of the same matter—
: which has been my belief since forty
.years.'
"This seems to me a perfectly straight
forward account of an actual case of
transmutation," continues Dr. Emmens.
'Those of my readers . who are familiar
with the . history of the subjept know full
well that the evidence of such events hav
ing taken place is simply overwhelming.
"I may be permitted in conclusion to
remark that even a member of the Aoad
emie dcs Sciences will readily admit Sir
Isaac Newton, Sir Humphry Davy and
Sir William Crookeß to be three of the
greatest leaders. of science the world has
ever seen. • . . 'y ■■.",>/ :'■ ".V.":
All this from Dr. Emmens is In
teresting, but can he answer these
questions:
Can he show a committee of citi
zens the process of making gold from
Mexican dollars
Can he prove that his gold bricks
sold to the Government were thus
made from silverP
Can he undertake to manufacture
large quantities of pure gold for the
trade at a liberal discount on pres
ent prices?
handsome residence where the club la
domiciled is furnished equal to any in
the city, and it may be of interest to
know that the _ excellent living seldom
costs the members over $1M per month.
In this organization of convivial spirits
fire many young men who have or will
distinguish themselves in business, art
and the professions.
The entertainments given by the club
are always on an elaborate scale, and
there is no lack of beauty to grace surh
occasions. The success of this club nat
urally raises the query as to why young
men of other cities do not effect similar
organizations. Such an association gives
an opportunity for the members to enter
tain their friends, secure the best of liv
ing, congenial spirits, and. last bm not
least, Insures protection against the
dreaded "boarding-house hash."
Hut will this dub— this bachelors' ideal
waj of living— last much longer?
The young marriageable women of
Stockton declare that it won't, and al
ready there are. rumors in the air that a
select committee of them have hit upon
a plan t>> disrupt it and scatter to the
four winds an Institution that threatens
to menace the chances of blissful wed
dings in Stockton.
A second lieutenant recently graduated
from WYs; Poini had just Joined h!a regi
ment in Cuba and was standing mar the
palace m Havana, when a grizzled and
unshaved old soldier, wearing a cavalry
sergeant's stripes on bis breeches, a blue
shlrl and a campaign hat. stepped up and
stood near him. The young soldier
fidgeted at the manner in which the
trooper ignored his proximity and then
turned on' him sharply: "Here, you man,
did any one ever teach you how to
salute?"
"Yes, sir," drawled the trooper, as he
glanced at the youngster.
"Well, knock your heels together," said
the young officer, and the trooper came to
attention with the precision of an old sol
dier.
"Now salute." he said, and the troop
er's gauntlet came to the. rim of hi* hat
antl stayed there until the young lieuten
ant answered it, at the same time de
manding: "Now remember this, and don't
let It happen again. Whar is your name
and what do you belong to?" '
Without relaxing his position from at
tention, the old trooper again respect
fully saluted, and remarked, dryly "My
name is Samuel Sumner, and I'm Briga
dier General of the Cavalry Brigade, 'CagHostro Performing Mis Magic Work.
One of his famous arts was the preparation of a rejuvenating tincture by
the use of which old and wrinkled ladies might obtain a smooth skin and'the
various charms of youth.
WORD comes from Paris that
the antiquated house in the
Rue Saint Claude that was
once occupied by the arch
necromancer of the elght
•h century. Count <?agllos
tro. is to be torn down, and that the site
will b^ covered by a more spacious and
m Btructure. If this report be
true Paris will lose one of her landmarks,
for the weird, ramshackle old place has
Jong been an object of Interest to visitors
at th> French capital. Since the Count's
tim^ f< w changes have been made inside
or out. Traces of a secrei stairvray, now
! up, may be found by the inquisi
tive visitor, which assists the imagination
in conjuring up all sorts of fantastic fan
c!pp nf what once took place in that
charmed corridor. There Is another
way r >n the Bide of the house facing
the Boulevard Beaumarchais. it is nar
md tortuous, and leads to the aid
Balonfl now cut into apartments, the- win
dow? of which look out upon a terrace
which still retains its old iron balconies.
INGENIOUS TRICKS OF CARD SHARPS.
IT Is not very remarkable that con
firmed gamesters should stoop to
fraud as a means of enhancing their
chances of winning, says Pearson's
Weekly; but It Is remarkable that
other gamesters should bo so blind
to the devices Invented by more ingenious
fellows, and fortunes have been won by
clever sharpers, from nxen and women
who have been well alive to their own
interests and not wanting In cunning sus
picion, by clever contrivances of their
own construction. It is not often that a
gambler is sufficiently enterprising and
moan as to have a cardroom specially
constructed to facilitate his fleecing his
•victims and visitors; but to even this
length went a man, now deceased, who,
despite his vast private fortune, syste
matically preyed upon the pockets of his
wealthy acquaintances.
The room was constructed so small that
only a sufficient space was allowed for a
square table and the chairs of four play
ere, the object of this being to prevent
onlookers or any one standing behind the
particular chair which the host always
took.
The room was magnificently decorated,
and hidden In the deeply carved black oak
paneling were two spy holes, from which
a person on the other side of the wall
could see every card of the person sitting
opposite the host. When cards were being
played a confederate of the host was al
ways watching, unseen, from these holes,
having his finger upon an electric button.
This button communicated with a large
button hidden under the carpet just In
front of the host's chair, and by this
means the confederate was able to com
municate to his master what cards were
hi the hand of his tete-a-tete player.
Sitiinp down In his chair, the arch
pcoundrol put his toe on the Invisible but
ton under the table and received the
news. One push of the button signified
Below, with their molderlng doors, are
the carriage house and the stable, where
frightened ghosts v/ere materialized, the
stories of which kept the superstitious
people of Paris indoors on dark nights.
The cellars of the old house are dank
and noi.«om<\ and there are several large
holes In the floor that remind one of
oubliettes. The courtyard has a morose
and solemn aapect. At one end, under a
flagged porch, there is a stone staircase,
worn by time. It does not require a
vivid imagination to fancy the hosts of
beautiful women who walked up those
Btepa with trembling limbs, attracted by
the promises of the old wonder-worker.
And up thfse stops walked the pompous
Cardinal de Rohan to discourse with
Count Cagllostro on such subjects as
necromancy, metallurgy, cabala and
oneirocritic, which constituted the
four elementary divisions of the
great Cophta's art. Cagliostro'a
career in France was a flamboyant
one, and for a time all Paris flocked to
his soirees and seances. He was as prodi-
hearts, two clubs, three diamonds, and
four spades. It wm the confederate's
duty to first wire what was the strongest
suit In the "hand" before him. Thus,
one push of the button Informed the arch
thief that his tete-a-tete's strongest suit
was hearts, and so on. When It had been
communicated how the suits stood in
strength, it was the confederate's duty
to wire what the cards were, starting
with the highest In the highest suit and
going to the lowest in the lowest. So
quickly could this scheme be worked that
very often the host knew his tete-a-tete's
cards before the latter had properly ar
ranged his "hand."
After the strength of the suits had been
communicated In this way the host feit
twelve rapid taps on the sole of his shoe,
and he knew this meant the queen of
hearts. A Hhort pause, and then ten rapid
taps told him the next highest card was
the ten of hearts. And so on. It is said
that, thanks to this ingenious scheme,
which was never discovered during the in
ventor's life, many wealthy persons were
brought to the verge of ruin, while their
host entertained them in regal style.
A somewhat similar, but less success
ful, scheme was that In the practice of
which a certain Continental dressmaker
was detected. This woman, like many
others of her calling, made it a custom
to entertain her customers at gambling
in the secrecy of her private apartments,
and she probably found it infinitely more
lucrative than her professed trade, to
which it attracted customers. Her plan
was to stand her husband outside the
room, which was built in another room,
ko that a passage ran between the two
walls on three sides, and through an un
seen opening all around the edge of the
ceiling th,e man could see the cards of all
the players but his wife, who sat with her
back to the single wall.
Walking In the passage, the man er
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
-0000000000000000
o
O Cagllostro la perhaps better
O known as "Bnlsamo," the prlnci-
O pa! character In ptfeveral of Dv-
O mas' famous novels. In fiction
O the Italian adventurer Is given
O credit for many pood qualities
O that historians F»om to have
O been unable to find. The affair
O of Marie Antoinette's diamond
O necklace Is even Justified on pol-
O Itical grounds. There is good
O ground to believe that Cagllostro
o was the first man to make use of
O mesmerism for fraudulent pur-
O poßes.
O
0000000000000000
gal as he was mysterious, giving to the
poor- with generous hand, snubbing the
rich and noble and posing 1 as the peer of
Dukes and. Princes. Tils dazzling career
fame to a sudden end. • Ho became in
volved In the affair of the diamond neck
lace and was banished to the Bastlle, and,
though afterward released, he' never re
pained his prestige, and with his death
thaumaturgy became a thing of the past,
science laughed away sorcery, witchcraft
and necromancy and the art of sleight of
hand became popular. He was the last
of the exponents of natural magic. ••
The life of Count Cagliostro makes fas
cinating reading, and Thomas Carlyle re
morselessly dissected his character In that
remarkable essay, "Count Cagllostro,"
which is so. Carlylrsrjue and consequently
not entirely accurate. Joseph Ralsamo
was the Count's real name, bt»t it did not
pound mysterious enough when ho became
more than an amateur sorcerer, so he
chose a high-sounding title, just as the
fortune tellers, clairvoyants and mediums
of our own day change the name of
Thomas Smith or Maria Jones to Slgnor
Patzulosi and Mme. Zella. Human nature
has not changed so materially In 150 years,
and people still believe in witchcraft and
sorcery, and young fdrls give up hard
earned savings for amulets and love po
tions. People laugh at the pretensions of
eighteenth century soothsayers, forget
ting that never in the history of the world
did empiricism thrive as it doea at the
present time.
lialsamo was born of a merchant fam
ily in Palermo, Sicily, In 1743. He received
the rudiments of an education, and be
ing naturally hright he made good use
of all his learning. He was such an apt
student of chemistry that he was sent to
a monastery near Palermo to pursue the
study under the direction of learned
priests. It was an age of Ignorance and
Piiperßtition. and the- acdle mind of Ral
samo detected great possibilities in per
forming tricks based on this science. He
was naturally a trickster, and so, after
completing his course of study, he started
out on a career of deception. He began
omined the cards of the unsuspecting
players, and, opening a small trap In the
wall, exhibited similar cards drawn from
a pack he carried. Owing to the light,
which was thrown down upon the table
and Into the faces of all players but the
dressmaker, the exhibited cards could be
seen by her only. Her eyes, shaded from
the glare of the lamp, were accustomed to
the dim light In which the cards were
exhibited, but to the other players, glano
iiiK from the glare, such dimness would
have been as impenetrable us t:.r- dark
ness of niKht. In this way fch« man was
nble to show his wife exactly what cards
were in tho "hand" of the player behind
whom he stood, and when one hand had
been disclosed in this manner he moved
on to the next.
But it was too clumsy to b« entirely
successful; victims became suspiclpus of
the dressmaker's extraordinary runs of
luck and her habit of constantly looking
up at the walls, and one day a victim
contrived, during her host's absence, to
fix the gas shade to suit her own eyes,
and during the game followed the schem
er's eyes the moment she saw them rise.
Then the dressmaker vanished.
Many attempts have been made to in
vent a system of ornamenting the backs
of cards in such a way that a person
knowing the secret can read them. But
the difficulties in the way are manifest,
and gamblers who have attempted such
frauds have generally be£n speedily de
tected.
It Is a pretty well known fact, however,
that a 1 notorious American "crook," who)
died In jail not long ago, was successful]
In this connection. II« lnvcntr-d^H^^H
[5T cards and demonstrated how readily he
would read them by the barks, while no
one elfie could discover anything in the
least suspicious or suKK<*stive about them.
They are now In the hands of the police,
and have been examined by hundreds nf
persons, but no one has been able to read
their secret.
CAGLIOSTRO'S Famous House in PARIS
IS NOW BEING TORN DOWN
SOME OF THE MYSTERIOUS RITES HE PERFORMED THERE AND THE SENSATION HE CREATED
by forging theater tickets, and then a
wllL Ho robbed a goldsmith named Ma
rano of a Bum of money. Balsamo pre
tended that a secret treasure lay burled
In a certain rocky chasm just outside the
city of Palermo, and that he, for a con-
sideration — of course— was able to unearth
the gold by means of certain magical In
cantations. The goldbeater was a sim
ple man, and like a grudgeon swallowed
the bait, hook and all. He paid the re
quired fee. and accompanied by the ama
teur sorcerer paid a visit on a certain
dark night to the lonely spot where the
treasure was supposed to be.
The necromancer drew a magic clrolft
of phosphorus on the ground, pronounced
Borne cabalistic words and bade the gold
smith to dig. Marano went to work with
pick and spade. Suddenly terrific yella
were heard, and a troop of devils (Jo
seph's boon companions in disguise)
rushed from behind the rocks und pounc
ed upon th© hapless goldsmith. They
pummeled him with their flats and prod
ded him with pitchforks, and left him in-
B«nßible among the rocks. For this act
Baleamo was forced to flee from Palermo
to escape the vengeance of the furious
goldsmith and punishment at the hands
of the authorities. He was not loath to
leave th« city, for he had the heart of a
rover.
In company with a Gree-k named Al
thotas he visited Greece, Egypt, Arabia,
Persia, Rhodes, Malta, Naples, Venice
and Rome. According to his own account,
he studied alchemy at Malta in the lab
oratory of Pinto, grand master of the
Knights of Malta and Bt. John. During
the course of his wanderings he became
TALLEST BUILDING IN THE WORLD.
It H=s Twenty-Nine Floors, 950 Rooms, Cost $2,400,000, and hjos Just Been Completed In New York
The new Park Row building In New
York is undeniably the tallest office
building in the world, and with very
few exceptions the tallest work of
human hands to be found anywhere
on the earth's surface. A passing glance
at the sky line of T^ower Manhattan
chows how de.cidedly it towers above its
near neighbors and closest competitors•
the St. Paul building, which is 30S feet
high, and the American Surety building,
rising 312 feet above the street. The Man
hattan Life structure, which was for a
long time the highest In the city, is.
tower and all, nearly fifty feet below the
summit of the new building. How long
the I'ark row building will enjoy Its pres
ent pre-eminence is, of course. Impossible
to Bay. Th-- very conditions that have
made it ma\ cause it to be excelled within
the next few \ears.
To begin with, its height from the side
walk to the tops of the cupolas on. the
towers is 890 feet. Thus it is over 100 feet
taller than the dome of the Capitol at
Washington. So feet above the ex
treme height of the Pyramids. Even
these figures do not represent its
full proportions. The flagpoles on top
of the building are 57 feet In height. The
foundations i rtend 54 feet below the sur
face. Therefore, from the base of its
foundations to the top of Its flagpoles the
new building spans 501 feet How fcreat
this distance la one may realize by Pa
fleeting that it is equal to thn length of
two city blocks or by measuring on, the
distance horizontally for himself.
The New "Park Row' Building." New York.
The tallest building in the world— 39o feet. The Postofflce ia in the left foreground. The horn« of the Call,
the tallest building in thin city, is 325 feet high.
Ita height from the sidewalk to tha tons of the cupolas on the towers is 390 feet. Thus it is over 100 feet
taller than the dome of the Capitol at Washington, and 85 feet above the exfeme height of the Pyra
mids. Even these figures do not represent its full proportions. The flagpoles on top of the building are 57 feet
in height. The foundations extend B4 feet below the surface. Therefore, from the base of its foundations to the
top o,f ita flagpoles the new building spans 501 feet. How great this distance is one may realize by reflecting that
It is equal to the length of two city blocks or by measuring on. the distance horizontally for himself.
more and more versed In natural magic,
and his talents In that line, were so great
that he soon won a reputation as a mas
ter of miracles. He perfected his dex
terity and became proficient In tricks in
volving the use of sleight of hand. He
also learned the art of forging documents
and seals, and practiced with zeal the
profession of the Idea of "mine and
thine."
In Rome he met a beautiful girl, Im
renza Feliciani, daughter of a girdle
maker, and a<? she was dexterous in the
practice of sly arts and promised to be a
good assistant to him and helpmate, they
wore married. She was, In fact, more
original and inventive than himself, and
they traveled over Europe in a eoaeh-in
four with a retinue of servants in gor
geous liveries. He played the part of a
magician, prophet and exorcist so well
that his fame spread over Europe and peo
ple of the better elites, scholars and writ
ers, met him with great deference. The
ladle* wore fans, hats and souvenirs a la
ragiiostro; his wife"s picture and his own
were worn in lockets. Marble busts of
the couple were to be seen in the parks
and palaces, and under the picture of the
charlatan were inscribed the words, "The
Divine Cagliostro."
One of his famous arts was the prepar
ation of a reiuvenating tincture, by
whoso use old and wrinkled ladies might
obtain a smooth skin and the various
charms of youth. ''At Strasburg," says
one of his biographers, "he reaped an
abundant harvest by professing the art
of making old people young." Cagllostro
himself pretended to be of great age, and
declared that he had hobnoubed with Al
While there are a few structures that
exceed the new building In vertical dimen
sion. It is by all odds the tallest lnhahlted
building in the world. The restaurant on
top of the main building is 208 feet above
the street, while the topmost offices, largo,
i r table rooms, are 84 feet In the air.
Their windows command a view of over
forty miles. The two lofty tuwers of the
building may Ik.- si en from nearly the.
entire distance across the State of New
Jersey.
The new building h::s a frontage of 193
fVet on the street winch it faces, of 2Z
fi-t mi a aide streel and of 17 feet on a
rear alley. It n:;iy therefore he said to
look in three directions, it is nearly four
times us high as its main frontage. The
difficulty presented by that proportion is
an architectural problem of some magni
tude In itself.
The lot on which the building stands
contains l"," 1 "* square feet. Considering
this fact and the great height of the
structure, it netil not be said that a vast
amount of steol and stone and other
material enters into Its construction. As
a matter of feet, it weighs about 20,000
tons. If all the. material were loaded
upon heavy street trucks it would require
;i procession of teams and wagona nearly
three miles long to oonvey it. It would
build all the houses of an ordinary subur
ban town, with enough left over to con
struct a good Bizi d church.
It may surprise those who are not fa
miliar with the art of modern construc
tion to know that this towering Btruo-.
exsrder and Julius Caesar; that he was
present at the burning of Rome under
Nero, and was an eye-witness of the
crucifixion of Christ. As the founder of
a certain mysterious lodge Cagliostro
gained many adherents. He led his
brotherhood back to Enoch and Ellas,
and promised the members that they
should be born again, morally and physi
cally, and In that way they could live
5000 years.
Count Cagliostrif was at the perihelion
of his fame when he first appeared in
Paris, In the summer of 1781. His record
had preceded him, and all Paris was on
the qul vive. Cardinal de Rohan of
France, who was a firm believer in the
pretensions of the charlatan, entertained
him in Paris, introducing him to that gay
world of the old regime which went out
forever in the French Revolution. He cap
tured Paris as easily as ho had the other
capitals on the Continent, and he literally
coined money.
Imbert Sainte-Armand, the author of
"Marie Antoinette and the End of the Old
Regime," say?: "The mania for the
Evpernatural, the rage of the marvelous,
prevailed In the last years of the eigh
teenth century, which had wantonly de
rided every sacred thing. Never were the
Roslcruciana, the adopts, the sorcerers
and prophets bo numerous and respected.
Serious and educated men, magistrates,
courtiers, declared themselves eye-wit
nesses of alleged miracles."
When Cagllostro came to France he
found the ground prepared for his magl
<al operations. A society eager for dis
tractions and emotions, indulged to every
firm of extravagance, necessarily wel
r
ture, with all Its welrht, rests upon a
foundation of land. It Is as secure, bow
ever, an though Its base rested upon the
most solid rock. In fact, a foundation
equal if not superior to rock was made
for it.
This was done by driving timber* a
foot in diameter and forty feet long Into
the sandy boII which forms the site of
the building by means of a twenty-ton
pile driver. These piles are in rowß two
f°et apart and sixteen inches from cen
ter to center under the vertical columns
which support the structure. There are
some 12.000 of them under the whole build
ing. Several acres of Georgia timber land
■KPre denuded to furnish the foundations
almie of this big building.
The piles were driven Into the gTound
as far as they would go linger the blows
of the twenty-ton pile driver. They are
thus prepared to sustain a weight of
twenty tons. As the most that will be
put upon them Is about seven tons it
will be seen that they form a tolerably
bi cure foundation. Moreover, they are
below the water line, so that they are
indestructible by the ordinary process of
decay.
"When the piles were driven in their fun
length the sand was cleared away for a
foot down around their tops and concrete
was poured about them, forming a solid
rock surface, resting securely upon their
caps. On this concrete base were laid
large blocks of granite and above them
the brick piers of the building.
Tho weight of the building 1» not al-
corned euch a man and hailed him as It 3
guide. "Whence did he come? What was
his country, his age, his origin? Where
did he get those extraordinary diamonds
which adorned his dress, the gold which
he squandered bo freely?" It was all a
mystery. So far as was known, Cag-Ilostro
had no resources, no letter of < rer'it, and
yet he lived In luxury. He treated and
cured the poor without pay, and not satis
fied with restoring tuem to health he
irade them large presents of money. The
Germans, who lived on legends, imagined
that he was the Wandering Jew. Speak
ing a Btrange gibberish, which was
neither French nor Italian, with which he
mingled a jargon which he did not trans
late but called Arabic, he used to recite
with solemn emphasis the most absurd
fables, and he. found the people ready to
listen and beltev* him.
The Count dressed In a manner that be
flted his calling. According- to the most
authentic records he was rather a badly
built man, clad in poorly cut blue taffeta,
laced on the borders. He wore his hair In
a startling and most ridiculous style, with
powdered plaits bunched in cadencttep.
His silk stockings were embroidered in
gold and the buckles of his velvet Bhoes
sparkled with precious stones. The dis
play of diamonds on his fingers and watcn
chains went beyond the line of vulgarity.
His headdress was a pointed hat orna
mented with white plumes. During eight
months of the year he wore a great blue
fox cloak. On the street he was a walk-
Ing scarecrow and the children fled from
him In terror. His features were regular,
his complexion clear, his teeth superb and
his eyes were of marvelous brilliancy.
Hia wife was a woman of bewildering
beauty, realizing the Greek lines In all
their antique purity and enhanced by an
Italian expression. Duals were fought
betwe*n gallants over the color of her
eyes and the dimple in her chin.
It wu the Cardinal de Rohan himself
who Installed Cagliostro and his wife in
the home of Hme. d'Orvilllers, and which
is now to be torn down. He used to visit
the sorcerer almost every day, arriving at
dinnertime and remaining until late In
the night. It was bald that the
great Cardinal assisted Cagliostro In his
labors, and the people of that time spoke
of the mysterious laboratory where gold
bubbled and diamonds sparkled In cruci
bles brought to a white beat.
The Queen of France bad a strange an
tipathy toward the charlatan, and It was
forbidden to mention his name In her
presence or at court. The wife of the
Comte de la Motte, an adventuress of the
first rank, boasted of her ability to con
quer the Queen's dislike. Bhe first made
the acquaintance of Lorenza and after
ward that of Cagliostro, who introduced
her to the Cardinal. Then followed tha
well-known Intrigue of the diamond neck
lace. The Cardinal, the "woman La
Motte" and Cagllostro was Imprisoned In
the Bastile. Here is the Count's own
statement of the affair:
"On the 22d of August a comrnissalre
and eight policemen entered my house.
The pillage began in my presence. They
compelled me to open my secretary.
Elixirs, balms and precious liquors all be
came the prey of the offlceru who came
to arrest me. I begged the comxnissaire
to permit me to use my carriage. Ho re
fused. The agent took me by the collar.
He had pistols, the stocks of which ap
peared from the pockets of his coat. They
hustled me into the street and scandal
ously dragged me along the boulevard to
the Rue Notre-Dame-de-Naaiareth. There
a carriage approached, which I waa per
mitted to enter to take me to the Bas
tile."
While in the Bastile Cagliostro made
the remarkable prediction that one day
the Bastile would be razed to the ground.
How well that prophecy was realized his
tory relates. AJfter ten months' imprison
ment the necromancer was released and
he received a triumphant welcome home.
Ten thousand people crowded the boule
vard near his house. They cheered him,
kissed his hands and carried him on their
shoulders.
But his triumph did not last long. An
order was Issued by the King command
ing the Count Cagiloetro to leave Paris in
twenty-four hours and France before the
end of two weeks. He bowed to the man
date of the sovereign and with his wife
visited BwlUerland and afterward Eng
land, but he had little success.
In 1789 he went to Rome, where he en
deavored to found one of his Egyptian
lodges, but the Holy Inquisition pro
nounced him guilty of Freemasonry— a
particularly heinous offense in papal ter
ritory — and condemned him to death. The
sentence, however, waa commuted by the
Pope to perpetual Imprisonment in the
gloomy fortress of San Leon, Urbino.
The manner of his death and the day of
it are uncertain, but most authorities
agree that be died on August 28, 1795, from
apoplexy.
His wife, the beautiful Ix>renza Fell
danl, ended her days in a convent.
For eighteen years after Cagliostro had
closed the doors of his laboratories in his
Parisian home the old place waa undis
turbed.
It was not until 1805 that the doors were
opened, for the purpose of auctioning off
the furniture and rare belongings of the
Count. Slrfce then the gloomy house has
had no history, and now it, too, will pass
away.
lowed to com© directly upon the granite
capstones which surmount these piers.
Instead, It is distributed by the system
of steel girders which is familiar to all
engineers. These girders are from eight
to 47 feet In depth. They are in effect
big bridges placed between the founda
tions and the footings of the vertical
columns of the building to carry the
weight evenly. The heaviest of these,
beneath one wall of the building, weighs
over fifty-two tons.
Above the eurface the method of con
structing the building has been the one
that must be tolerably familiar to all res
idents of the larger cities who havo
seen tall buildings in process of erection.
It consists of a steel framework, bulit
span above epan as ia done in the build
ing of a cantilever bridge. The walls
are merely the Bheathlng for this skele
ton structure.
It 1b interesting to turn from the con
sideration of the vast proportions of the
building Itself to the human Interests
that It will serve. It was to accommo
date the constant demand for more room
in the busiest section of the metropolis
that this expenditure of time, money
and effort, amounting altogether to Home
$2,400,000, was made. And the addition
which It makes In this direction is by no
means insignificant.
There are 950 rooms In the building on
the twenty-nine floors. Counting four
persons to each office this will make the
permanent popualtlon of the building
nearly 400 | i, or equal to that of many a
flourishing county seat.
To this must be added a large tran
sient population amounting probably for
one person to each resident at any given
time during business hours. This would
make an ordinary population, resident
and floating, of 7500 for this one building!
If 20 persona visit each office during the
day we have the result of 25,000 persona
using the building every day. In other
•words, an army as large as that of the
T'nited States will march in and out of
the building every day. The various ele
vators will bave daily pa^sons;er traffic
of over 60,000, or more than that of many
an important railway line.
2324
Iv ni!>" Hi
wide
world over and you will r.ot find a
prettier band of girls. The f photographs
published litre are all suJiicient proof of
this.
The San Francisco sir! graduate is not
h tiresome duplicate of her neighbor
graduate. She runs the entire gamut of
Individuality. JThere i- s th«* flaxen haired.
blue-eyed f daughter of Teutoni*. parent
age, the dark-eyed damsel who claims
Italian ancestry, the soft-spoken maiden
with the softer Spanish name,; grand
daughter of England, France and every
other shore swept by the seven seas. But
whether her ancestors came over in the
Mayflower or but a generation back left
their native heath, she is typically Oa.ll
lornian.
Not lons since the president of Vassar
College visited us. He examined the
methods employed in the city high
schools and reported favorably upon the
Standard of scholarship.
Then he returned to the fountain-head
of feminine lore, and with the courage
born of conviction told assembled Vassar
that the prettiest school girls that ever
gladdened the eye of an educator ere to
be found in San Francisco.
The grirl graduate is supposed to atiach
a vast amount of Importance to her
praduation gown. The prevalent senti
ment is that she considers affairs of
Mate, imperialism and peace <-oiiKr«-t-pe^
as insignificant confabs as compared to
her problem of selcciinp a sraxiuatinir
gown. Naturally she wishes to look wcii
for that occasion, and "How is yours
toing to be made?'' is the Interrogation of
the recesa liour.
Aiil-frrW finpnK Are , Latest
HULIiUd HlJCliLb In the Literary Shop
: to Th« Sunday Call.
NEW TO] 2.— The r
■ ■ . P. Watt to »h : s cou! -
■
affairs of Mr. Kipling
milar matters
r^mir.d'-T of the importance into v.
t authors' a
■ : r Watt hin.-- I
nicrf . . v.n.= the ci i I
. ..• Is .-till much
■ man in it. But 01
have ■ ■ Authors h i
d ■ omfort in it;
U- — ; " ■ '■ <•' —
and thus It has come to be as much an I
establish* d part of the publishing business
•is the agent or canvasser for the sale :
of the printed book. Mr. Watt j himself i
drifted into the business quite by accident
und -without any idea at first of making i
GIRL GRADUATES
OF
SAN FRANCISCO SCHOOLS
b a pleasaht worry— a quad
■ ted pill with iust ;i : :
torn of ■. orry. For the girl
\. that her frock will b<
■• v hether sfa
: -.-.. i ruffles. For with the I
• n thi ugly duckling is trans
i into a swan.
There ;- not a Cairer sight than row
. : . rising like
9 I It
. ■ - the adj» < tive whi< h -
iix.-<i to her Titi
'■ they're half sa (f glad
to cross the threshold of
Ji r ' 's school." Along with tho fun
flurry f deciding upon the gown lo which
" •>'! their wings for their :rsi flight
litile twin, es of regret
Nowadays the sweet srirl graduate is a
very sensible young person. Therefore
■ •■ i zes th; 1 1 the May-day of
• ';>■ schoolroom. Even the bliss
aking her bow to the world In her
■ • cannot counteract a few
hs.
Is likewise an observing voting per-
She ha: that the "until
h do us pan' friendships of h •- i
■ - ■'■■i\ c co - .
ship temperature af>r
■ . . ■ .' •..
happen in her i i
I i
writ<
thej
■ . quaff i - ■' ■■• ply of
■ hey i n \et a r^alit^-.
This end of the century pirl gradu
with a pr- ■• •'■
■
- her
a w ake :In -li: ■. i«.t I
worrying for fear she'll mal
that's nut of angle or forget smile
It hi.-- nprraancnt vocation. In a conversa
tion h< Id with him a few days lx i'«,re he
Bailed on his return to Kngland he said
of his beginning:
"It was in 1872 that I first did anything
of the kind. My friend, Dr. George Mc-
THE SAN FBANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4. 1899.
at ())<-> (iipnitnr\" who is bestowing thp
coveted sheepskin.
The sweet girl gTaduate- of to-day is
very often a young person with am
bitions" and a, desire to be "somebody"
in this great workaday world. She is
anxious to measure strength with the
world, and graduation simply means to
her the lirst step toward this end. After
the hiu-li school the university, and then
:. lawyer, merchant, chief or what
l hs her fancy inclines. She regards
hi r U ss ambitious sister with super* ilious
pity and disdains to take the mere matter
>■:' a high school diploma Beriously. She
m inclination for higher mathematics
and Is on speaking terms with the clas
sics.
Whether she is inclined to tnke life as
rious matter or a comedy, the girl
■ Is by far the most Ct-lißhtfut
< :> iture ihat marks the waning of spring.
before the June buds burst their
■ s and white the breath of May still
ra in the breezes the sweet j;irl i,-rad-
W£ the brook where child ami
v. Oman ho< ' tni et
. ♦ .
of the dolls with which the win
dows of tlie toy shops are dow decorated
come, as is generally known, 'rum Ger
Donald, the author of 'Alexander
Forbes,' had just completed a now book,
and 1 undertook to dispose of the serial
right)) for him. This 1 did; but it was
some years after that before I began to
think it was something to develop into
many. But it is not so pen^rally known
that the making of them is very largely
a cottage and not a factory industry.
The cheaper ones come almost entirely
from the agricultural districts of Coburg,
the peasants tilling up their intervals of
fli 1.1 work with dollmaking, the dolls
being collected at regular intervals by
n. busings?. Then another author came
to me and asked me to sell a hook for
him, and I gradually went on until at
the present time the business has become
so extensive as to include the handling
of the work of the most prominent writers
in Knpland. I think it was in 1579 that
Wilkie Collins came to mo and asked me
to dippoSe of his hnoks for him. For ten
years we worked together in this way,
and upon his death, in IRS9, I was ap
pointed his literary executor. Now almost
i very new writer comes to me to dispose
of his work, the author finding It of
tremendous advantage."
To-day Mr. Watt has among his clients
Kipling, Anthony Hope, Conan Doyle,
YVoyman, Crockett, Sir Walter Bosant,
Rider Haggard, fan Maclaren and, in.
short, about every well-known writer
of stories in England, as well as promi
nent writers of other kinds. With these
men, publishers and editors in England
or in this country have now no direct
business dealings; such dealings are all
conducted through the agent. And all
that this means is not obvious at first
view. One thing it means is that the
leading writers of England are in what is
practically a sort of "trust;" their
affairs being so largely under the man
tlip factors -who trade in and export them.
Dolls' eyes, too. come mostly from Ger
many, l.ut the better sorts from France.
The English industry is mostly In wax
dolls of a more expensive kind than the
compo, china or wooden articles, of which
we import such huge quantities every
year.
agement of one man ne ran. and in point
or' fact does, conduct them somewhat
■with a view to the advantage of all. It
hns meant gradually increasing- prices to
Hi" authors; and It has meant, and means,
the opportunity to sell their product more
"cleanly." so to say. than ever before.
As to this latter advantage, even such
men ns those I have named have their
lapses, and produce '.hings that editors
and publishers. If they could always have
a free choice, would certainly leave on
the author's hands. 3'he literary agent.
In the control he has of the market, and
his business shrewdness— his "clearance
s;ilos" sense— saves the author of good
commercial najne almost entirely from
this form of loss. It would be an inter
esting story If one could tell of the work
by men of big names that American edi
tors and publishers nave bought in Eng
land at a pretty good price, and not
known quite how to use when they get It.
Ultimately such work gets published In
one form or another, but often not until
It has been sniffed at and sworn at or
groaned over for months, and may be for
j i nr*, ;is it came into x-iew on the editor's
or publisher's manuscript file.
But what- promises to be the most far
reaching effect of the authors' agent Is
one. that is at present only just coming
into view/ I have said that the business
dealings are now with the agent, and not
with the authors. As yet this has not re
sulted in a dissolution of the old ties b-.
tween author and publisher. It is still
"good business" for publishers to be in
close personal relations with authors, and
authors with publishers; and an impor
tant part of the good will of a periodical
or a publishing house is still its acquaint
ance with the leading authors. And prob
ably this will never cease to be the case,
in considerable measure. But any. one can
see that the growth of the authors' agent
must. tend finally to make*it less the case.
Already any one in this country who has
the money to pay for it can get a story
or novel from a well-known English
•writer. He needs no "connections," no
special reputation as a publisher. And
this is likely to become more and more
the "condition of the market" as time
goes on. As yet, however. It la only in
placing the work of English writers that
the authors' agent hap had any --->ally de
cisive effect. The better known American
writers still do their business direct with
the editor or publisher, in the old way.
Bui there are unmistakable signs of 3
change.
Ella Wheeler Wifrax
A YOUNG woman writes to me
that she is engaged to be mar
ied to one man and is deeply in
love with another.
She has not seen the man she
loves for several years. He left her with
no avowal of affection, but she believed
he cared for her and had been estranged
by some circumstance or person un
known to her. She says:
) "After three years I wrote, but received
no reply. Since that time I can safely
say that he has not been out of my
thoughts for one whole hour at a single
time. My every desire, every thought,
has been associated with him. I love
him with a deep, pure love, and I am so
afraid I shall never be happy if I marry
the gentleman to whom I am engaged.
1 pray you to advise me as you would
your sister. 1 would be willing to make
any reasonable advance if necessary if I
thought 1 would not be repulsed or ig
nored entirely. Kindly advise me in
whatever way you may seem to think
best."
This, young woman . must remember
that while nature gave all female animals
the right .to • call, their , mates to them
boldly, it imposes silence upon woman.
I The whip-poor-will tells her love
In a passionate "Come, O. come!"
To her mate in the depths of the ktovb,
. But the voice of a woman is dumb.
The lioness seeks her mate;
The she. User calls her own. ' ..
■ Who made it a woman's fat«
. . To sit In the silence— . ...
Pr&bably the author whs is now getting
the best prices for his work, after Mr.
Kipling is H. G. Wells, the wonder work
ir. For a short story of average length
h€ is now getting as much as $600. This
is still a long ways below Mr. Kipling' 3
royal rewards, for he receives for a short
story of average length anywhere from
Sll'oO to $1500; but it is much above the
ordinary. The prices named are for
American rights as well as English
right* and thus the burden of them la
not apt to fall on any single pair of shoul
ders, some English editor and s°™ 9
American editor usually sharing it be
tween them.
Wells 1 rise to his present independence
ha, been quite a- rapid one. Only five or
Biz yeara ago he was a struggling writer
of special, or "feature,- articles on the
London newspapers. He had been a
teacher, and he had written a scientific
text book, but he was not known even to
himself as a writer of stories. Under some
happy inspiration he wrote The Time
Machine." It came out in 1895 and had
immediate success. Within a few weeks
6000 copies of it were sold in England,
and it ha« been selling well ever since,
hereas well as there. Thenceforward
Mr Wells was a made man. He had no
need to bother further with hand-to
mouth work for whimsical newspaper ed
itors, but could become a story writer
pure and simple and be his own master
He is a man of uncertain health, and has
had once or twice to knock "« *' r>r * *",".
tirely for a considerable time, "els still
only 32 years old. E. C. MARTIN.
It Is hard to answer who has; such is
the law of civilization. The moment a
woman makes a bold advance toward the
man she loves, no matter if he, too, loves
her. he Is repelled by it.
It is the man's province to pursue He
likes the pleasure of the chase, and does
not want his game to fly into his hand
He would rather see the bird retreat
that he may follow. If he does not follow
he Is not very eager for its possession*
\\nat a man really wants he will make
earnest efforts to obtain.
He is a blind lover who does not know
when hs is loved. A woman can show
her love tn a thousand feminine ways
which are at once modest and convinc
ing. It is a sort of deaf and dumb al
phabet which all men understand. If a
ma.n does not read this sign language and
reply to it, it is because, he is indifferent,
and to speak aloud would only disgust
and offend him.
I am sorry for my correspondent. She
is in an unfortunate state. But she has
done all that any self-respecting woman
can do and she must bear her sorrow un
til it wears away.
I do not understand how she can con
template marriage with another man
while loving this one so ardently.
It would be a great injustice to the hus
band, unless she tells him the state of
her mind, and even then if he still wishes
her to become his wife, I do not see how
happiness could result from such a union.
Marriage is either heaven on earth or
the other place.
The only password into this heaven la
mutual love.PAGES
25 to 32
*'o:\2, tWo, three
o^> wou:i you like to be the Cham
i I pion lacy diver of th£ Pacific
f^| Mits Ada Killey, the young lady
I 1 who has earned that title, saya
I that to be able to dive down from
/ any height into the deeps of the
-ka-^t makes all other sports pale in
ccmsarlson.
Two we*jks ago iliss Killejr received the
: medal at the annual tournament
held at the Lurline Baths. The galleries
tV :t<'.:.:z the tanks were crowded with
> who watched her perform her
p< rtl«ys feats.
Thi re :? ore diving trick which, after
the manner of most tricks, looks very
easy. There are just two other lady
divers in the United States who. attempt
it. which proves its difficulty. Mis< Kil
ley fciid practiced it for months until she
IN HIS STEPS : THE MOST POPULAR BOOK OF THE YEAR
1- ■ _ a sermon
n Sunday evenings during the win
ter. I intend to read a story," was
th~ announcement made by the pas
tor of a suburban church in a small
Western city one Sunday early in
the winter of ISS6-97. Little did he th.ir.k
as he made the announcement that with
in a comparatively short time the news
boys on the streets of London would be
crying the same story along, with their
daily papers, and that the people of two
continents would be discussing it. Tet
that is the history of "In His Steps." a
&ook which has had a sale unparalleled
in the history of literature — three million
copies in the first four months of I>£<9-
The Story of -'In His Steps."
"Ir. His Steps"' deals with serious prob
lems. The city of Raymond is typical;
the leading church, with its ease-loving
and fashionable members, is common to
every community; and the pastor. Henry
Maxwell, is a good representative of his
profession. Any congregation would have
been disturbed by the circumstance which
is the basis of the problems in the narra
tive. Henry Maxwell has just completed
a vigorous sermon on Christian duty
when a poorly ciad and Hl-appearing
young man walks out before the audi
ence and begs for a chance to speak. He
is worn out in his search for work, and,
nncomplainingly. wonders what Christ
would do in similar circumstances. The
Etrange incident changes the pastor's con
ception of duty, and the next Sunday he
ask? all who are willing to join him in
making it a rule to ask before every ac
tion the question, "What would Jesus
do?"
■
i
■
-
■
-
Bey of his new-; •
IB account of a prizt
■
• ■
I
-
s
■
! % of .the trophy
■
■
iudi-.
■
-
■
: ■ ■.. ■
■
decides against advertising totsJi^?o «nJ
li^&or, and institutes .such, general rev^
olutions that his niin is EvncraUv^M
predicted. Rachel Winslow refuses^^H
a large offer to join a concert c^.3i^|H
pany and c^ to devote her a^M
talent to the savins of out-
casts in the ''Rectangle,"
the slum district cf K^y-^fl
mor.'!.
Alexander Powers ■■■'*^^B
pins .1 beneficial r-i.-.r^^B
. ■ ,  . .- ■  ra ■ ; 0 ., wj • r.^M
his workmen, but. '' — -^B
covering that the
railroad is cpen-
ly violating the
interstate com-
merce laws, re-
signs his ;■■•".-:-
tion. Virpinia
Pace has much
difficulty in an-^H
sv. ■: ri •; - th e que -"^^B
tion. "What w.-,-j;,i^H
Jesus do with or.o^H
million dollars?" • Jas^B
per Chase. ■::?-.ipp.-i:r.t i .">il^H
in his failure to secure th^H
love of Rachel V»';n.-l'->w.^H
_:■••- up h!s piedse. R'.i'.ir^H
Pare, a young' club man of^J
indepc ::■ : ■n t w ealt h . be I
cornea converted in tr,-;^B
humble meetings in tr.-i^B
"Rectangle."'
President ■ h-^M
lcm comes through his '!:s-^H
like of municipal affairs,
but. he follows the line "of
duty which his pledge im-
pose? and heads a strong _
movement for local politi-
c.: r- :"■ rms. E''.:t---r Nor- JtM
ton loses thousands" cf
dollars, but is con-
\inced that he can
sin i ■••>• -d with r-r.ar^i.il^B
backir.sr. and Virginia P-^ir'-^B
comes to his relief '-vij_n_^fl^^^^^^H
half million' dollars with Sr I
which she endows the paper. The Page*
buy considerable '"Rectanele" property
and build proper tenement nouses on it.
Remarkable changes take place in Ray
mond, and the movement ' spreads to
many cities of the country. At the end of
the year-the' largely increased band meets
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
O/ie's Champion
u/oman iJiver
I Of the West, and Now Miss Ada Killey Is Going East to Show "What
Wonderful Feats a San Francisco Girl Can Do In the Water.
been made aware of the difficulty of her
wonderful performance, and. echoed ■ the
admiration of the others.
Miss Ada Killey is the acknowledged
champion lady high diver on this coast.
But the people who have watched 'her
remarkable aquatic strides are anxious
that her reputation be not bounded on the
east by the Rocky Mountains and on the
west by the Lurline Baths. Therefore,
they have induced Miss Killey to show-
Newport thi* summer her really wonder,
ful feats in swimming and diving. Sna
will leave for New] this, week.
Miss Killey swims just as well in the
surf as in the tank. La.= summer she
swam three miles out into "the ocean as
easily and lightly as a mermaid. When
she reached the boat, after a few mo
ments' rest -. declared her ability to
make the distance back aerain. but" her
friends would not permit the attempt.
Miss Killey has been swimming Just four
years. She declares that swimmers are
as often made as born.
"I was not particularly brave the rtrst
time I went in the tank," she said. "I
had made up my mind to learn to swim,
and I went again and again until I had.
mastered the A B C's of the art. When^J
1 had accomplished the simple strokeJH
sufficiently to --.vim across the tar.k^jß
and' back again the rest seemedif^^H
"But there is do royal road to
swimming. To become a thorj
oughly grood all - ar-ur.J^H
swimmer from the praeti-^H
cal.and artistic standpoint^^H
takes not only physical^^H
strength and courage. buc^H
an infinite capacity forjH
taHrig pains. Durir.Hß
the last ■.-.-• years l|l
have worked constant J
,ly ;to perfect rr.yß
swimming, and .-^JB
pecialiy the <iivir.^H
and trapeze aetsJH
"I never tho<:rh^B
of using- it r*'>-ll
fessionaily. nor^H
•do I \ •.••■"'•:m^B
, plate It now. iH
again
Yin the
m o n d-
Chu rclu
And
the work
H^^^F -
■^W r '^- The in-
fluenee of the
...... h a s
spread beyond a!!
reckoning, and the
of the church
see visions of a re-.
■ f'r.<ra:;nn of a Christen-
dom when there would
be one church without
spot or blemish, follow-
Ing Christ, walking- obedi-
• tiv in his step?.
Charles M. Sheldon, the
author of this work, is
- ■' the Central Con
■ ere gatlonal Church at To
rka. Kan.— a little, unpre-
tentlous chapel in the out-
Bklrts of the city. He was <lis-
sa:isSed with the apparent
?ood his sermons were doing
h!s congregation; he wnnted to
preach an e\-erjday Christianity
in an attrartive form; he btcam?
.convinced that a novel would mor?
nearly accomplish his object than -i
series of abstract sermons, and "In
V His Steps" was the result, It was
W written— a chapter each week— in the
" little study in one corner of the church,
and as. each chapter was completed it
was r*>ad the succeeding Sunday. The
story. was completed in the spring of lSt>7.
and during the following summer was
published as a serial in a Chicago publi-
shall- leave for Newport in a week or two
and? while I- may appear in some exhibi
tions I do not wish to be known as an as
pirant for professional laurels.
'How much do I practice? Well, I go
in the water about five days of the week
for varying lengths of. time. I feel more
at home now in the water than I do' on
land. A fish out of water is not more
uncomfortable than I am if I am deprived
of my swim.
"It all looks very easy to the spectator,
but dry land spectators have no idea of
the work that it means before success
comes. I am devoted to aquatic sports
of all kinds and determined to excel in
them. The harder the proposed feat
is in the beginning the greater the pleas
ure when you have mastered it. If there
are any joys on land compared to those
in water I have not discovered them."
The Ladies' Club at the baths -will miss
Miss Killey when she goes East. There
are two mornings of the week when the
tank is given over to the ladies, and in
the past four years Miss Kiiiey ha^^
rarely been absent on these days^^^H
She has taught numberless iadies^^H
to swim who had^^H
despaired °*^^H
r ■■
Miss Kil
ley has
averted not
a few trage-
Ideation.*' In November or* the suns year,
-f.ltJfirsfiippeA-ed in book form. -
v "I want yon to issue a paper edition of
this story, so that the price will not stand
in the way of people buying it." was the
instruction which Mr. Sheldon gave to the
publisher. The publisher demurred. It
would make the book appear "cheap." he
said. 1 and his house conkS not afford to
g"<=-t a reputation for publishing "cheap"
books. Mr. Sheldon insisted and the pa
per-bound edition was published. In just
one year it was selling at the rate of 1100
copies a day.
It found its way to England and met
with immediate favor; ■• ; twenty different
publishers "pirated" it, as it was not
copyrighted in England. Its sale far ex
ceeded even that in America, and a re
cent letter from an English publishing
house says that S.OOO,S»>: copies 'of Mr.
Sheldon's books, have been sold in Great
Britain during the last, few months," the
greater part of them being "In His
Steps." which has been issued in twenty
editions,, ranging in price from a penny
up. ' . >
In ' a, 'twelvemonth Charles M. Sheldon
has leaped from obscurity to a position
as one of the foremost religious authors
of the day. But notwithstanding the
honors which his admirers have attempt
ed to heap upon him he Is unchanged in
all respects. He has received repeated
calls to rich Eastern churches, but in all
of his work he puts to bimseif the ques
tion made prominent in his book, "What
would Jesus do?" and he has preferred to
remain with his own little congregation.
Mr. Sheldon is still a comparatively
young man. He is a native of Wells
ville. N. V.. where he was born in 1557.
A large part of his early life was spent
on a Dakota farm, and he has much of
the spirit and dash of the West. His
father, who is also a minister, farmed
during the week days and did missionary
work on Sundays. He attended school at
Yankton, and when about 15 wrote several
lies, loung: ladies bold beyond their ca
pabilities who attempted the deep water
nave often been rescued by Miss Killey
it the critical moment. "She would be
strung 1 with medals from head to foot if
she made, any fuss about the number of
people she has rescued." said a friend.
Miss Killey Is a firm believer in wo
men learning to swim. "Half of the la
lies when they first try to swim," said
Miss Killey, "wear corsets to go in the
water, and a wet strand of hair is re
garded as a calamity. They declare they
would 'give anything to learn how to
swim,' but refuse to more than wet the
soles of their feet, because a dripping
bathing suit is so hideous!.
"There is only one way to learn how to
swim. That
is to leave I
your va.r.ity^_
and cor- t-H
in the ■
dressing- I
room
MJP^~ and to
be will: n ?
to wet your
hair anti you
have learned the
ru'iim-r.ts. After that
-he hair can be kept per-
dry while enjoying an
ordinary swim.
"To w-ar corsets in the
water is absurd.
"Swimming with the head well
out of the water is the effect which
most of the ladies like. It is very
W- pretty to look at, but is out of the
? question for long-distance, fatiguing
swimming. However, I encourage the
. ladies to swim in that fashion since it
| pleases them, and for their purpose It
meets- all the requirements."
Miss Killey herself swims in all the va
rious fashions. For the accompanying
illustrations she went to Xorth Beach and
despite wind and breakers dove a dozen
times. The springboard is just about one
fourth the height of the one from which
Miss Killey usually dives. Her diving is
exceedingly graceful and correct. She has
stories wtiich were published in the Yank
tan papers. . j . ; I • ;. ;• ,
"And those youthful stories." said his
father recently, '"are just as interesting
in my opinion as the ones he writes now."
Mr. Sheldon was educated at Phillips
Academy. Andover. Mass.; Brown Uni
versity, and at Andover Theological Semi
nary, graduating from the latter institu
tion in 2SSS. After a summer in Europe
he entered the ministry and began
preaching at Waterbury. Vt. But the
spirit of the West was in him. So when
he received a call to become the pastor
of the newly established Central Congre
gational Church in Topeka in ISSS he glad
ly accepted it as the opening he had been
waiting for. His church began with
sixty members, now it numbers more
than SCO. His first work was to build i
modest little church, in which he began
his strikingly original career. He was
dissatisfied with the quality of Chris
tianity.- he saw in many professed Chris
tians. He wanted to know what ideas
the. masses of the people had on the sub
ject: cf Christianity, and he wanted to
find. out; about their daily lives and occu
pations.
With -.this, desire in his heart he asked
his congregation* to excuse him from pas
toral work- for three months, and his con
gregation ■ saw . little of him except dur
ing church services. He -was at home
scarcely any of the time, hut very few
people knew what he was doing.- It was
characteristic of the man. He was "get
ting acquainted." " . ■ . "
Toy- .-. is the headquarters of the Atch
ison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad.
Hundreds of men are employed in the
railroad shops, and hundreds of train
men make their headquarters there. It
was among these that Mr. Sheldon spent
much of his time. He obtained an em
ploye's pass from the railroad company,
and dressed, as an employe. He made
trlpSjUp and down the road in company
with the trainmen, learning their ways
mastered all the fine poll
and does her tricks with a
that Is the envy of all the divers of the
masculine sex.
An Eastern professional diver and
swimmer who saw Miss Killey's perform
ance the night of the entertainment said
it ' was the most clever and by far the
neatest thing of its kind that he had ever
witnessed.
This praise is reiterated by all the local
crack, miners There may be a lady
in the East who can swim is well as Miss
Killey, but you can only make them be
lieve it by optical proof.
There is no fear that Miss Killey will
no: acquit herself as well in the East
ern bathing resorts as she did here the
other nigTht.
That was her first appearance In pub
lic
"Wait till the people in the East see
Mits Killey swim and dive." they say;
and dflpwins out their ideas on ev«-rj
conceivable subject, especially on relig
ion. After thai he spent' a -week or two
with the physicians -of. Topeka',- studying
them. He read their books and visited
their patients with them. * Another week
was spent with the lawyers in their of
fices and in court. Again he spent hours
riding on street cars, talking with motor
men and conductors.
The immense sale of "In His Steps" in
England is doubtless due largely to the
fact that twenty English firms were push
ing the book at one time. An English
publication says that in four months its
circulation has far surpassed the total
circulation of all of Mrs. Henry Woods*
novels in forty years. '"East Lynr.e," which
has had a larger circulation than any
other English copyright novel, has only
reached 450.0G0 copies, and it is said that
the total number sold of William Black's
novels is not more than 300,000; "Three
Men in a Boat." a remarkably popular
book, reached 160.060; "Beside the Bonnie
Briar Bush," 90,000: "A Prisoner of Zen
da," 70,000; and "The Christian.? the most
popular book of 1537, sold to tht^ extent of
123.000 in that year. But "In His Steps"
has reached a sale of 3.000.000 copies.
Three of Mr. Sheldon's book?, published in
England at a penny, ran through an ag-
PAGES
25 to 32
"WatcK this divte."
• - champion
that has the West."
"As I understand it," said ... heathen,
"you propose to civilize me?"
"Exactly so."
"You mean to get me out of habits of
idleness and teach me to work?"
"That is the idea."
"An then lead me to simplify my meth
ods and invent things to make ray work
lighter?"
'Tes."
rt I will become ambit:-- - to
• I wont have to work at
"Naturally."
"Well. what"s the use of taking such a
roundabout way of setting just where I
started? I don't have to work now."—
Washington Star.
5400,0Q0.0M
■ m of the
-•'.and and
STPgateedition of 500.000 in three weeks.
lir- Sheldon Ss -rather above medium
height and is of stout cuiid. When he
first came to Topeka he indulged in ail
sorts of athletic sports, which he has
given up to a great extent now. as he has
grown more portly and there are larger
calls upon his time.
Mr. Sheldon's family consists of a wife
and one child— a boy of two years. His
wife was Miss Mary A. Merriam of To
peka, and they were married in 189 L The
family lives in an unpretentious cottage
home, not far from Washburn College.
Near by lives Rev. Stewart Sheldon,
father of the author, who acts as his
son's secretary.
CLARENCE HENRY MATSON.
Mother— And so your friend Clara is
soon to he married?
Daughter (just returned from Ion? ab
sence*—Yes: do»?3n*t it seem strange? I
hadn't heard a word about it until I called
to see her this morning. She showed me
her trousseau. It's perfectly lovely — just
from Paris — and she has the handsomest
ring I ever saw. and she showed me the
hous*? she is to live in. and the furniture
she has selected, and the horses and car
riages she is to have. She showed me
everything except the man she is to mar
ry. I think she forgot him*26
SOCIETY Is engrossed at present
in a genera] exchange of vines
and fig trees. Those who pur
pose spending the summer
months away from the dust and
winds of the city are energeti
cally packing their trunks and . flitting
away, while those who have spent the
spring months traveling are returning to
town, and will not again depart except
to become members of some gay little
house party or for a Saturday to Monday
trip where the masculine portion of the
household can accompany them.
• ♦ •
Much out of door fun 19 being planned
for the summer season, the nucleus of
which promises to be the Country Club
houses. Work on the new home of the
Burlingame Club is progressing rapidly
and the institution promises no end of
accommodation and comfort.
The golf links at this popular abiding
place, as well as those at San Rafael, Del
Monte and Oakland, are already echoing
to he sharp strokes of enthusiastic golf
ers.
Tennis is also coming In for Its share of
interest^ and will be one. of the popular
sports of the season. Coaching parties
and long, happy excursions to wooded
places are looked forward to by the
• ty.
• * •
There was a marshaling of the clans
In Ross Valley last Tuesday which re-
Eulted in a most delightful outing. The
Barbers] the M. M. Tompklnsj the U'orr.s
and the Moores wore the prime movers
in the charming little scheme, the ob
jective point chosen for the rendezvous
being lioiinas Kuige. After ii most de
lightful drive through the redwoods the
party, of whom there were about twenty-
Jive, enjoyed a dainty lunch, and alto
gether the day was as happy a one as
could be imagined.
Miss Jessie Uiascock of Oakland and
Mr. Baldwin will be married next Tues
day at the homo of the bride's parents,
Mr. ar.d Mrs. John ii. (JiascoeK.
The wedding of Miss Marguerite Jolliffe
and Dr. Herbert C. Mufti will take place
Thursday; June 15; at the residence 01 Mr.
and Mrs. Rudolph Sprockets; 'Jii^ Padrtc
avenue. Miss Alice ivloffitt, sister of the :
troom, will be maid of honor.
The marriage of Miss Edith Louise Day,
daughter ot James Slmpso.ll Day, to
James Wetmon Treadweh; son of Will
iam ii. Trea.iwell, will take place on Wed
nesday evening, June 14.
The wedding of Miss Belle Honlgsberger
and Jacob A. Hemeberg will be solem
nized on Sunday, June Jl, at _ o'clock.
The wedding will be a very quiet one.
A quiet home wedding took place last
Thursday at noon, when John S. Purdie
was married to Miss A. Maud Robertson, |
at the residence of the bride's praerus, 12U i
Oak street. The ceremony was formed
by the Rev. F. H. Robinson of Berkeley.
'i'lit bride was accompanied by her father
ertd attended by her lister. Miss Helen |
Robertson, who was maid of honor. There
v.vre.no bridesmaids. The groom was at- j
tend.-O by his best man, George J. ' '.
McMullin. Only tli« relatives of the con
tracting parties and a few intimate
friends were present. A breakfast fol
lowed the ceremony and late in the after
noon Mr. and Mrs. Purd ■ departed for
the north on their wedding trip.
Miss Laura E. Scott of 1-ulton and Ray- 1
mond E. Brown of San Francisco were
married at Fulton Sunday, May 28.
The Misses Lucy and Alice Moffltt of
Oakland gave a luncheon recently at the j
University Club In honor of Mi Mar
guerite Jolliffe. The others entertained
were: Mrs. James Mofßtt, Mrs. E. R.
Folger. Mrs. H. O. Trowbridge. Mrs. Ed
ton F. Adams, Mrs. V. . P. Johnson, Mrs.
Robert Knight. Mrs. Oscar Fitzalan Long.
Mrs. Edward Howard. Mrs. C. 0. G. Mil
ler. Mrs. ii. M. A. Miller, Mrs. Leonard
McNear Mrs. Orestes Pierce, Mrs. J. H.
T VValkington, Miss Minnie Joiliffe. Miss
Belle Mhooni Miss Sadie Sinclair and Miss j
Josie Chabot.
One of the most unique and delightful ;
entertainments given recently was the |
Mexican breakfast which Mrs. John H. }
J*>weu gave at her residence, 931 Bush |
street; complimentary to Mrs. C. P. Hunt
ington. The decorations were entirely
Mexican and the menu cards were
trimmed with diminutive bits of pottery
and red beads, and at each plate was a
bonbon box, striped in Mexican colors and
filled with red hots. The souvenirs were
tamales and sombreros. Those at table
besides the hostess and her guest of
honor were: Mr« Harold M. Sewall, Mrs.
Silas Terry; Mrs. Dalzell Brown, Miss
Terry, Miss Campbell and Miss Maude
North. , , .
' The Knelsel Quartet, consisting of Franz
Kneisel; Otto Roth, Louis Soecenski and
Alwin Schroeder, were entertained at
supper Friday evening, May 26, by Mr.
and Mrs. Hall McAllister. The following
evening they were the guests of honor at
a delightful" dinner party given by Henry
Heyman at tl c Bohemian Club.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin gave a charming
box party at the California Theater last
Thursday evening, and after the per
formance-a delightful supper was en
joyed. Mrs. Martin's guests were: Mrs.
Horace Hill, Miss Terry, Miss Scheely,
Mayor James D. Phelan and J. B. John
ton".
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knight will close
their Van Ness avenue house and spend
the summer in Menlo Park.
Mrs. Ryland Wallace and her mother,
Mrs. G. L. Bradley, will go to Castle
Crag for the summer.
Mrs. Ira B. Hyde of Princeton. Mo.,
■who was formerly Miss Dolly Mastlck of
Alameda, is expected soon on a visit to
her parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Mastick
of Alameda.
Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Bonny have re
turned from Europe and are In New
York. They will soon return to San Fran
cisco.
The Misses Stubbs have returned from
Europe.
The Honorable Mark D. Wllher, ex
piesident of the New York Society of
California Pioneers and president of the
Wilber Mercantile Agency, after an ab-
I,. ■■■ of nearly fifty years, is making a
:ir of the Paclllc Coast, and is now the
puest of Mr. and Mrs. T. V. O'Brien at
their country home In Belvedere.
• • •
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford expects to leave
Read Tour Hand
§< > many thousand Impressions of
palms have been forwarded to this
artmentfor reading that it has
decfd* 'I NOT TO RECEIVE!
ANY MORE till those on hand are
answered. This is done in justice
to the palmist and those who
forward impressions and be obliged
to wall ;i long tin before a careful read
ing could be made in this column.
• * •
AX.YIN McENENY, Santa Cruz-Long
111.. and tin' older you grow the more
philosophical you become. Experience Is
greatest £ui<\c Love of mysticism
jiiid will s" to the extreme?. An enthu
t-iast. Make a splendid manager, are
very scrupulous and have a philan
throplc hand. Will tigure prominently in
public lit" and officially*. Good power of
discernment. Excellent reason and det<--r
--minatlon. Very imaginative and will be
: nger of death through drowning-.
ilifc-S ]•:. A. If. W., Oakland— You are
Bcon for Europe, where she will spend
I months.
Mrs. L. A. Trup of Hawaii is in Ala
rceda, the guest of ncr parents, Mr. and !
Mrs. B. '•'. Howard of 321fi Bribers avenue, i
i"- Charlotte Br.mn of this city will
shortly for a trip to Alaska. She
will !><■ a •mpanle.d by Mrs. Ritter of
l erkeley and Miss Juliette Lumbard.
• • •
Frank Goad will .rpend the summer in
Bausalito with Mr. and Mrs. Osgood
!!• oki-r.
George Bromley expects to leave soon
for the Fosemite witli a party of friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Mountford Wilson will
pass the summer in Buflingame.
Brigadier General Charles King-. TT. S.
V.. arrived fmni Manila on Thursday, and
is the guest of Mrs. Eleanor Martin at
her residence on Broadway.
«•»■■•
Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels have \
to their ranch for a visit. Mrs.
Spreckels' mother, Mrs. Joiliffe, accom
■ 1 th^m.
Mrs. 11. J. Booth will visit her sister,
Mrs. Prescott, In Cloverdale, during the
summer months.
Mrs. Theodore F. Payne and family are
at Coronado Beach for the season.
Mrs. Southard Hoffman and Miss Alice
Hoffman have returned from Honolulu
to th.ir home in this city.
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Gerstle have
moved into their new residence in San
■
Mrs. A. H. Snuill and family have gone
B -.- for the summer
t hs .
Mrs. Jeremiah Clark has taken a cottage
Barbara for the summer.
Mrs. Lottie Moulder returned last
Wednesday from San Rafael, where Bhe
month of Ma\ .
Mr. and Mrs. Han ... M Sewall left on
■■ Australia last Wednesday for
their home in Honolulu.
• * *
Mrs. Mary E. Gwin, Miss Carrie Gwln
and Mrs. Evan .1. Coleman will spend the
• San J' se.
Mr. I Mi . K. P. Schwerin left on Fri
day last for San Mateo, where they will |
summer.
Cora Smedberg, who has been vis
iting Miss Daisy Van Ness at her home
St Helena, lias returned to her home
city.
• * •
Mr. and Mrs. Alphonso Wig-more are In
!.' Ang<
Mr. and Mrs. E. .1 McCutcheon hay»
San Rafael for the summer.
:■ Ben C. Truman, who. ac
i v Mrs. Truman and Miss i
Truman, has been mailing a short visit ;
city, returned to Los Angeles yes-
Mrs. F. Marion Smith, Miss;
I Miss Grace Sperry left last
week for the East. They will spend the j
next four months at S .and.
Mr. and Mrs,. William Babcock are in
New V rk.
.Mrs. Nat Wesser and Miss W^sser are i
In New Y'Tk. and will sail from there
Jun< 9 for Scotland.
Mrs Joseph Enright and her sister, Miss '
Crooks are visiting In Oakvlilc nnH St. j
i i. • ' ■ "
Mrs G( r -' Mais and Miss F^arl Ilnn?
Boston to meet Miss Maud
who has been spending the winter |
there. •
Mrs .! Luszynskv. Miss Anita Luszyn- (
sky and Ma I r beanie Lunszynsky of j
fork are stopping at the Palace
The engagement is annonurrd of Miss
Mabel Hall, daughter Mrs. Herbert E.
Hall, and Lester If. Jacobs, son of Julius I
iistant treasurer of the Tnlted '
States The engagement is one of pomp j
standing, but it is only now that'
the couple have decided to join their
- and hands. The wedding, which
will take place at the home of the bride
end ' July, will be a quell affair,
only relatives and Intimate friends of the
contracting parties !.. ing pre»
• • •
The wedding of Miss Tillie Bowe and
H< nry Drews took piar<= at St. Jo
■ s Church on Twenty-second street
The- bride is th" only daughter of Wil
liam Bowe, one of 'h^ pioneers of the
Mission. George W- Meyer was best man
Miss Annie Wechter acted as brldes
•,■■]■■ ceremony was performed by
Rev. J. O. Schro. d'-r. after which a
wedding breakfast was s< rved at Native
Hall.
Mr. and Mrs. Drews will spend their
honeymoon at Lake Tahoe. and on their
return to the city will be pleased to see
their f?i< iii i s at V'A'.' Howard street.
The wedding of Major Thomas Drady
and Miss Hattie Nathan, th<- dran I
r, will take place at 512 Devisadero
on Wednesday, June 7.
A very pleasant surprise party was
given on Tuesday evening last to Cap
tain P. M. Delaney, the ex-Supervisor,
by his many friends at hiR home on Mis
sio!i street to welcome him upon his re
turn from Paraiso Springs, whither he
had gone to regain his health after hav
ing be< n afflicted with a paralytic stroke
som< Tin,.' ago. 'i' 1 --- guests of the even
ing were: Ex-Supervisor and Mrs. Jo
s< )ih E. Hritt. ex-Supervisor and Mrs.
John H. Sheehan, Thomas Crowley, Fred
Palmer, W. H. wood, George Hopecraft.
John Burke, AJ Anderson, ex-Supervisor
and Mrs. Thomas H. Haskins, the Misses
Adelaide and Nellie Marks, the
Agnes. Nellie and Gertrude Ahem, the
Misses Annie and Madelaine O'Neil, the
Misses Grace and Florence Burke, ex-Su
aor and Mrs. Thomas Rivers, i x-
Supervisor and Mrs. Thomas Morton Mr
J. V. Tonney, Mrs. a. Tormey, the Misses
Mary and Ida Tormey, Dr. Dennis Fla
herty Kagan, Dr. Jerome Hughes. Mrs.
Captain Matheson, Miss Mollle Barrett,
Miss Fairchlld, Mr. Gibbons, Miss Klttie
Stephens, Miss Stephens, Mrs. William
Hannigan. Miss Kathrlne Murphy. Miss
Emma Menna, Mis^s Emily Affort and
Harry Tiamilton. •
The reception given tn the L. A. Fo
the O. R. C. by Mrs. M. K. Tv.iss at her
residence, 1154 Fifth street, Oakland, on
May 31iwas a pronounced success. Those
present were: Mrs. Galther, Mrs. Allen,
Mrs. Donlin, Mrs. Rathburn. Mrs. Byers,
Mrs. Hunts. Mrs. Beard, Mrs Neptune,
Mrs. Wbissen, Mrs. Killenberger, Miss
Ruth Oaither and E. Blanchard.
Bdise Anita Massey lirown a most
enjoyable muslcale ;it her home on Wed
v evening. May 2i. in honor of her
( •■ n in. Miss Ora'->' M.-iss.\v.
A delightful surprise party was given
to Miss Gracie Frank by a number of her
Bupersensitlve, frail and, although the
health lino Ik not very well marked, you
will always he on the go. Musical "fin
gers, very nervous temperament and very
pei-Bistent. A very proereatlvc mind, an
alytical and a student of nature. Im
aginative. Marriage will Rive- you posi
tion in the world, but you will have to be
useful as well as ornamental.
MR. LEWIS, lrvington— Very little In
life that you have not experienced and
enjoyed. You have been very foolish in
deed, in money matters. Withal you have
a very lucky hand and promising future.
Fond of pleasure and amusement. Of an
inquiring turn of mind and curious. Your
lif» has been threatened in various ways
and times. Quick, but have lost physical
Btr< ngth. Re careful of your health.
MRS. B. C. D., Elmira— You will meet
with a great deal of opposition, but are
bound to conquer all obstacles. Will have
litigation. Your faculties will remain with
you until death. Very benevolent. Don't
worry, for you do; there is prosperity
THE SAN FJRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
schoolmates on Saturday afternoon last
at her residence. 1433 McAllister street.
Those present were: Miss Viola Frank.
Miss Gracie Frank, MiSs Genevieve
MarteH, Miss Freda Hilbert, Miss
Josephine Norton, Miss Georgia Jack
son. Miss Alice Hilbert, Miss Edna
Mangels, Stanley Frank, John Hilbert,
Willie Mangels, Frank MarteH, Henry
Mangels; Mrs. Frank and Mrs. MarteH.
Mrs. D. B. Llbby of 3965 Twenty-fifth
street gave a very delightful farewell
party Friday afternoon, May 26, to her
sister, Mrs. George Bunker, who will ac
tompany Mr. Bunker to the gold fields of
Alaska, where they will be joined by D.
B. Übby. The following guests were en
tertained: Mrg. AoflrcTTA Mrs, Geortre
Miss Alice Rutherford is the oldest daughter of Mrs. George Crocker. She made her debut in January last
at a large musicale given in her honor by her mother, Mrs. George Crocker, at the Astoria, New York.
Mi..- Rutherford was also at the Assembly and other fashionable dances. She is a tall, handsome girl,
distingue in stylo, dresses well, and is very accomplished. Mr. and Mrs. Crocker and Mrs. Crocker's daugh
ter by her tiist husband, the late Mr. Rutherford, a member of an old New York family, who lived for yeara
in the Kju West, have until recently resided in San Francisco. Mrs. Crocker was Miss Grace Hanchett, and
was well known in Now York as well as in California society.
After the death of Mr. Rutherford she married George Crocker, the son of the famous railroad millionaire.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Crocker have just completed a splendid residence in the vicinity of the houses of the Astors, Will
lam C. Whitney and George Gould in New York. Miss Rutherford inherits much of her mother's artistic talent,
and th" splendid decorations of the new home have been selected and arranged by them. It will be the scene
"f ome charming entertainments next winter. *
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker and Miss Rutherford arrived here yesterday in their private car. They will
remain in the city til! next Wednesday, and will then go to Castle Crags.
P.unker. Mrs. William Ropette, Mrs.
Fmith. Mrs. Mus ftieiring. Mrs. Fickes,
Mrs. and Miss Schworin, -Mrs. G. P. Mel
ring. Mrs. D. R. Libby, Miss Addle Libby
and Rev. Dr. Patterson.
A very enjoyable theater party was
given last Saturday afternoon by the
Fleur.de Lis Club at the Alcazar Theater.
Among those present were: Mrs. Han-
B.en, Miss E. Andres, Miss S. Yoost, Miss
I. Roger, Miss C. Khrenpfort, Miss E. yon
Ahnden and Mis,s H. Dunker.
The marriage of Aaron A! Lewis and
Miss Ettie Michael will takp place to-day
at 4:30 p. m. at 1628 O'Earrell street.
Miss Tillie Korn ot this city will be
married to Julian Oestrelcher of New
York. June fi. at 4 p. m.
Mrs. James F. Vane, the Misses Alice
and Vivian Vane, Master Hampton Vane.
ahead for you. Proud and Independent.
Widowhood is marked on your hand.
More ingratitude than gratitude in your
life.
R. G. RK'HSTEIN— You have a good
hand and will be a bon vivant. Have a
great deal of music in your hand and will
make several short journeys. You are a
schemer, and it is hard to outwit you.
Lavish and not inclined to be religious,
although your ancestors were. Very fond
of (he opposite sex. Very difficult to dis
hearten you, for you have a fund of re
sources. Do not easily lose your equilib
rium. Turn away your thoughts from
suicide.
MASTER E. GOODFRIEND— You will
lead a public life, either the stage or the
law. Will not be much at home, but will
lead a very active life and always before
public. Great ability, hope and ambition.
You will be heard from If you are care
ful of your health, for you are not strong.
Very cunning and shrewd, quick in
thought and action. Unlucky on the
water.
MRS. F. L. — Widowhood strongly
marked at early age. You are very hard
to please. Great origimllty and will
travel on both oceans. Have been nenr
death through sickness. Health will be
better hereafter. You will inherit money.
Avoid disputes Hnd quarrels and be more
diplomatic. Have a great deal of style
and will be somewhat of a social leader.
Next seven years will briner you great
SOCIETY
'and Miss Bertha Hamilton, of East Oak
i land, will establish "('amp Happy-go
., Lucky" at Boulder Creek, in the Santa
Cruz Mountains, June 5.
The San Francisco Frauen Verein will
five its nineteenth annual picnic Sunday,
uly 21!, at Shell Mound Park Berkeley.
The Astorias will give their first even
! ing- dress party Tuesday evening, June 20,
: at Saratoga Hall.
A strawberry and dramatic social will j
be given by the Young Ladies' Institute |
j No 1 on Monday • evening, June 12, at j
! Loyal Hall, Tenth and Market streets.
The engagement is announced of Miss
; Florence ReJmer and Hiram Baxter.
Mrs. E. J. Sonnenberg announces the |
i engagement of her dauebler, _Misa 6ara I
MiSS j\h\CZ RUJHEjRFORD.
Sonnenborg, to Martin Beck of Chicago.
Ai home 1360 Post street to-day from 2
till 5 p. m.
The encasement of Miss Fennle Berco
vich of Oakland to Harry Bercovich of
this city is announced.
Mrs. Sam Davis of Carson City gave a
dinner in honor of Dr. Lv Ella Cool and
Mrs. m. E. coibv last Sunday.
Mrs. Charles D. Wheat of this city is
visiting Dr. Brlceland's family in Shasta.
Dr. E. M. WestpbaJ left recently for a
trip to the southern part of the State, to
h*- K'ine two weeks.
Mrs. M. Lobenstein has gone to New
ark, N. J., to visit her sister.
Mrs. M. Cohn of 103S Golden Gate ave
nue has returned from a two weeks' visit
to Stockton.
Mr. and Mrs. W. I. Brobeck, Mrs.
anrl desired changes. Will move East.
MR. A.— The head line shows you might
have wounds on the head or are in dan
ger of apoplexy. Life line shows you have
been In great trouble — Imprisonment
marked. Wonderful how you have es
caped danger. Not a successful life, so
many impediments, like an April day —
clouds and sunshine. Active but not
enough stability. Great harmony and
very critical.
MR. G. GRANT— Your life line shows
that you will have an eventful career.
Pleasure will mar much of your life, but
you will mix much in -society. You are
ambitious and your greatest success in
life will come when you are about 40.
Idle physically but not mentally. You
love ease more than home and are fond
of travel. Quite a connoisseur in every
thing. A brilliant life and distinguished
very highly. You have taste and are able,
but you must exert yourself more, for
you are not satisfied with yourself. You
are of a lovable disposition. You will
travel and you will inherit genius. A
public career lies before you.
MRS. A. B. CODDINGTON, Santa Cruz
—You have a sensitive nature and are
"en rapport" with all that Is exquisite.
You are unselfish, very benevolent and
have experienced many losses. Noble
character and born to suffer a great
many privations through others. Your
life Is governed by heauty, but ynur
future brings about a great many devel
Gertrude Brobeck. Mis? Mary Brnbeok, R.
B. McClellan, Howard Smitten and Clif
ford McCjellan are spending two weeks at
Cloverdale hunting and fishing.
Miss Beckle Martin left last Friday
morning for Seattle and Taooma, where
she will spend the summer visiting
friends.
Miss Rhodotta Fernery of Los Angeles,
who has been the guest of Miss Elsie
Cohn of 1038 Golden Gate avenue, left on
the Bteamer Australia for Honolulu.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephen Troy have gone
to Saratoga Springs. Lake County, for
the summer.
Mrs. Eva Taussig of Virginia la visit
ing her daughter, Mrs. Belle Karris, at
nisi Rush street. She will b» Dleased to
see her friends the second Wednesday of
each month.
Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Wilson and family
aro camping at Larkspur for the summer.
Miss Mary ( '. Barringcr of Philadelphia
is visiting nor un< le and aunt, Mr. and
Mrs. J. S. Wethered. of Pacific avenue.
Mrs. C. Metzger, Mrs. P. Schnalttacher
end Miss Edith Schnalttacher of 191.°, Van
Ness avenue have discontinued their day
at home for the summer months.
I Following is the list of passengers on
'the steamship Australia for Honolulu,
that sailed from San Francisco, Wednes
day. May 31: A. F. Afong, Miss M. Afong,
Miss M. 15. Bean. H. P. Berkley, Mrs.
'Frances Boggs, Homer Buckman and
wife. J. J. Callundan and George
Cooke. Richard Cooke, Mrs. Jas. Dunn.
Miss Dunn, Miss P. Dunn, M. L. Gear and
opments which you have long desired,
and they are most charming. You have a
welcome hand from and to strangers. You
are rather delicate, but strong mentally.
Your legs and feet will trouble you some
and you will have a natural, peaceful
death. You are much beloved.
ARTHUR CODDINGTON, Santa Cruz—
Your hand shows you are full of ad
venture. You are strong and have had
great losses of money. You ,are head
strong, like but few, but those you like
very much. Affectionate, but not demon
strative. Be careful of your moods and
temper. You will never have many
friends and you will be in trouble per
haps in jail, g^'ou are fond of politics and
will once be wounded in your head. Your
life has been in danger and threatened
many times and you must beware of the
water. If you will become more sensible,
quiet and domestic you will be better off.'
MRS. L. M. D. A.— You have an uncom
fortable nature and disposition and will
travel a great deal. You are very ner
vous and are very active. Will never be
stout. Restless and will go on many
voyages. Your affection is great, but for
few. You are not domestic and have
great love of ease and luxury. Musical
and charitable, but you are misunder
stood, even by your relatives and friends.
You are an "elegante," and you're never
officious. You will conquer all difficulties,
of which you have many. Much in your
wife, Mrs. A. H. Hayman, A. F. Hebgen,
Mrs. Theo. Hoffman, V. Hoffman, Miss
Annie Holt, T. H. Houlder and wife. Miss
R. Kelley, Miss de Lartigue, D. A. Loben
steln. E. B. McClanahan. Miss F. McVey,
P. Melgs, Mrs. C. T. Mills. Hy. Moet, Hon.
T W. Mondell and wife, Mrs. A. H. Otis,
Miss M. Palke. T. A. Rice and wife, Thos.
Rickard and wife, L. A. Rostan. Hon. H.
M. Sewell Mrs. Sewell, two children and
maid, E. J. Snow, wife and two children.
Miss Rodotta Verner, E. J. Waterman, C.
H. Wilcox, G. P. Wilcox. Miss M. R. Wil
cox, A. J3. Williams, H. A. Williams and
wife.
Tbe marriage of Sergeant Charles Miller
of Troop M, Fourth United States Caval
ry, and Mrs. Jennie Bladon of St. Thom
as, Ont., took place at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Barron, i4O Taylor
.etreet, on June 1, Justice Barry officiating.
at the
SUMMER HOME FARM, GLEN
WOOD, Cal., June 3.— The following
guests registered here during the week:
From San Francisco— John Lutgens, Mrs.
Pauline Wepterfeld, Miss Waila Wester
feld. Otto Westerfeld, Mrs. A. R. Proll,
MIBB L. Proll. A. G. Russ. Mrs. Berg
mann, L. Pockwitz, A. Pockwitz, A.
Mann, Miss A. Bergmann, Miss B. Berg
mann, L. Porkwitz, A. Porkwitz, A.
Beth, E. Schnutenhaus, Mrs. E. Schnuten
haus, A. C. Bauer, Mrs. A. C. Bauer. \V.
A. Schultz, Miss Genevleve Schultz, Miss
Ellese Schultz, Mra. Halstead. Master
Louis Schultz, Miss Hattie Schultz. 11.
Reiss, Mrs. A. Brueckmann, Miss A.
Brueokmann, Miss E. Brueckmann. From
Ban Jose— Mrs. L. Fischer. From Aia
meda—Mra. S. J. Shannon and daughter,
Mrs. J. M. Brock. From Santa Cruz— Mr.
and Mrs. G. A. Bram and daughter, Mr.
and Mra. John Bran*.
BI'KON HOT SPRINGS, June 3.—
Among the recent arrivals are: San Fran
cisco—A. A. Brewn, W. J. Gallingham, C.
Cleave, Z. K. Alyers, Mrs. H. R. Fergu
son, Mrs. A. M. Burns, the Misses Flint,
.General J. H. Dickinson, A. H. Taylor,
M.D., George B. Somers M.D., W. ±iod
gers, George S. Andres and wife, I* M.
Kellogg, J. H. Downing, Lester Yates,
Mrs. Jewett, John Schumaker, P. H.
Hausen, Charles A. Zinkand, J. Melster
and wife. Oakland— W. H. Harries, M.
\\*. Kales, W. H. Lowden, Helen R. Low
den, Mrs. Shaen. Berkeley— Mrs. J. E.
Hermann, Mrs. M. A. Ames. Sonora— R.
ii. Sherman. Xacoma— Mrs. F. S. Hickok.
1 Stockton— Miss R. Brown. Coulterville—
A. Dameri. Sunol— C. A. Doe, G. H. Har-i
rles. Alvarado— C. D. Bell. Lodi—
Tliomu Drui.fr. J. Draper. S. V. San
ders, K. Sanders.
SKAttOS SPRINGS, June 3.— The fol
lowing are registered here: From San
Francisco — Alexander Irvine, Mrs. J. M
Lhchtield, E. B. Blood, J. E. Byrne and
wife, D. J. McKay, T. B. Smith, Captain
J. H. Bruce Rnd wife. D. Rigdon, E. D.
Dement, John Stouveh, Watkin Shone,
Lewis Cranz. S. S. Green. From Alameda
—Mrs. M. Hildehrandt, Miss Anna G.
Hlldebrandt. From San Quentin— Mrs. J.
F. Blrlem. Mrs. J. Birlem Jones. From
Vallejo— James Topley and wife. From
Santa Rosa— Mrs. R. Marshall, Miss S.
Jane Marshal! . M. S. Davis and wife, Ed
Soules, J. C. Kinslow. From Cloverdale — ■
Miss Bertie MoCray, Miss Jean Smith, H.
L. Moore and C. B. Shaw.
Among the events of the week was the
observance of Decoration day with a
musical and literary programme. The
same evening Captain George Fritch was
presented with a handsome, medal for
having won the championship in a series
of games of croquet.
LAUREL DELL, June B.— Recent ar
rivals here are: From San Francisco—
W. H. Mixer, W. H. Rock, W. E. Banker,
Phil O'Donnell,.Mrs. M. D. Williams. Mrs.
D. K. Dolan Mr. and Mrs. Edwin M.
Cooper, Don J. McKay, J. i). Wadsworth,
D. E. Behlow, George E. Gallagher A.
Dalessi, W. H. Cross, W. Frank, Miss
Frank, Frank M. O"Brien, George H. Asp
den, wife and daughter, William Reiger
and wife, Paul Reiger. Miss Kate J. Wil
lats, Miss Etta Hoiier, Miss Laura F.
Meaburn, Miss Josephine Fautz. M. F.
Claflin. William Plunkttt, Richard C.
Harrison, Dr. Philip King Brown, Henry
W. Burmrster, Harry H. Gilmore, C. R.
King. From Oakland— Mrs. Edgur S.
Fowler. Frederick Fowler, Charles Kat
zenbach, Miss Lottie Schwartz. Mrs. M.
Smith. From Fruitvale— Joseph J. Bliss.
From Presidio— T. C, McCleave and wife.
I From Vallejo — Miss L. Bond, John J.
Hanjey and son. From Benieia — Miss A.
Johnson. From Portland, Or.— Martin
Winch. Frx>m Vichy Springs— Miss Kid
Wolf, Miss Dol Tacholsky, Misa Ja.ck
Murchison, Miss Pete Stone, Miss Cash
Stone, J. A. Rademeyer. From Lakeport
—Frank Howe. From TTkiah— Mrs. J. S.
Reed. From Kabana Ranch— Miss Sarah
Collier and Miss Louise Collier.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal., Juno 3.—
The week's arrivals were: From San
Francisco — Lowis E. Kline and wife,
James O'Brien, Miss Laura F. Beaburn,
Miss Josephine' Fautz. Miss Etta Heuer,
Mr. and Mrs. William Rioppr. Paul Rio
ger. N. M. Claflin, Mrs. Kate J. Wiilats,
F. L. Foltz, F. C. Roberts, Miss C. E.
Williams. John F. Finn and wife. T. J.
Duncan Jr.; Miss L. M. Bond. J. T. Den
niger, Vallejo; Miss Alice S. Johnson,
Benicla; Charles Katzenbach. L. C. Farn
ham, E. nl. Farnham, Mrs. E. P. Farn
ham, Miss E. C. Farnham, Oakland, and
Miss A. M. Walker. Chicago, 111.
PASO ROBLES, Cal., Juno 3.-Reocnt
arrivals hero are: John K. Avis. Mrs. L.
Harris. Miss Belle Stone, JoTin G. French
Mrs. S. Sussmann, Miss Sussmann, R. J.
Harrington, Thomas J. Sharkey. H. W.
Deems. Henry Schuitz, Mrs. Easton
Mills. San Francisco: V. A. Scheller J
B. Boyle. J. T. Fogarty, San Jose; C. K.
Palmer. Charles I\. Garey, William H.
Jonos. Oakland, and George B. Shorey,
Seattle.
PARAISO SPRINGS, June ?,.—Follow
ing are the arrivals hero for tho week:
Thomas Nunati, E. T. Kincaid, San Fran
cisco; Mrs. M. J. Mott. Alameda: Mrs.
William Underhill and son, Alameda; L.
life is sad and uncalled for. You will
make great progress to accomplish
changes, which will improve all and bet
ter your position. Have hope and you
will have better health.
MISS MARIE SMITH— You have ability
and great originality. You will make a
name for yourself. Musical, not domestic
and would make a great actress. Great
reader and will study. Will have many
Jewels and pleasures. Very quick and
active. Were delicate as a child. You
;ire ambitious, but not happy yourself.
You will be lucky in marriage. You love
adventure and hate tame things in life.
You love pets and will be unfortunate if
you speculate in lottery or the races. You
will always have friends, but look after
your own interests. You are scatter
brained. No business capacity. Too
much- folly. Many losses before you can
persuade yourself to believe in yourself.
There is a' shipwrecked line of prosperity
before you obtain any great stronghold,
bur you will have many opportunities.
Will never die a pauper.
MR. W. J. THOMAS. Onkland— You are
of a nervous temperament and are un
fortunate in marriage. Will marry twice
and will be a widower. Very amorous
nature and are a non-heliever. You
should be more careful about money mat
ters. You are not. very lucky in specula
tions. A social life and will meet many
distinguished people. You have few.
W. Sanborn, wife and child, Salinas; T.
L. Craig Jr., Pasadena; E. Sainz, Los
Alamltos; T. J. Field, Monterey; N. J.
Stewart, Aronlas; \V. K. Brown, King
City; 11. R. Farley. Salinas; T. McCar
thy, San Francisco; Jacob H. Neff. Col
fax; Edward Coleman. San Francisco; J.
E. IVague. Salinas; Mrs. Stewart and
family. Aronias; Miss Preston, London;
E. J. Smith and family, Dr. P. J. Conran,
I San Francisco.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, June 3.—Arri
vals hero for the week arej E. Hayden.
E. Anderson, Upper Lake; Mrs. C. Mor- 1
gan, Mountain View, R. Way, Angels '
Camp; W. E. Gam, H. Lafhman, Mrs.
John Lawrence, William Frank, Miss
Frank. A. L. Newbauer and J. J. Spike,
San Francisco.
DUNCAN SPRINGS, .Tun© 3.— Guests
registered here are: From San Francisco —
Dr. and Mrs. Battelle. son and maid; Mr.
and Mrs. S. Kelley, Miss Ida Jonew, Mr.
and Mrs. F. A. Colley and child, JamM At.
•Kelley James Brown, S. B. Blake, M.
Redmond, James Marshall, Mr*. C. J.
Parsons. Mrs. Ellen C. Sargent, Mlsa
Elizabeth Sargent, Miss Jessie Montgom
ery. Miss Elizabeth Montgomery, Miss
Catherine Green 1 ) W. 11. Bone, wife and
family. From Santa Rosa— Harrison
White, W. P. Whitney. IT. Moke, wife and
child. From Healdsburg— Mrs. Lewis.
From Sebastopol— Mrs. Wetherbee and
child. From Menlo Park— Flank and
Walter Howell.
O. W. Howell, proprietor or Duncan
Springs, and his wifo gave a very- enjoy
able moonlight ride, last Friday evening.
! The invited guests wore: Miss Ida Jones,
j Miss Agnes E. Boyd. Miss Elsie E. Boyd,
! Miss Clara Howrll, Miss Mabel Norberg,
Miss Lorana Harpe, Miss Marie Colley,
Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Colley, Mrs. Harry j ■
B<>vd C. Herrmann, Fred Howell, Mr.
Kelly and Julius Sierck.
JOHANNISBERG, June B.— This weeks
arrivals here arc: From San V rancisco—
J V Simfngton. Leon Clayhourgh. Leon
Lew Lloyd Eckermann. Lawrence Strop
barger, Frank Schwabacher. Miss G.
Sachs and Waldo Coh-man; from Oakland
—Professor C. Brier, Miss Frankie Stuart,
Miss (Mara L. Schuert. If. John Whitney.
Vincent de P. Brown ar.d Miss l.oullna
Sachs; from Alameda— Arthur Hewson
and Ed Woebber; frum Cloverdale— Mrs.
""'CARLSBAD SPRINGS, June 3.— The
following have registered here during the
month of May: J. E. McGoyern J 11.
I'.rifkwedel. T. F. Conway. Mrs. M> c ul
lough G E. Edwards, Miss E. Edwards,
Miss Kathryne Hall, G. H. Behan, -Mrs.
I McQuade and Miss T. Jon*'?. San Fran
i cisco; Mr. Brtmner, Mr. Charles, Uklah;
Mr Donahue, Gr-orge Calif Lakeport ;
! Miss A. Rush. Middletown; Mrs. N. Car
ter, Los Angeles, and Miss L. Smith, San
I °GILROY SPRINGS, Santa Clara Coun
ty June 3.— The following guests have
registered here during the past week:
From San Francisco— James Shea, Mrs.
Shea, James Shea Jr., J. C. Nolan. Mrs.
J. C. Nolan, Clalr Nolan, Herbert V.
Ready, Father Cassey, Father Lynch. 11.
Herser, Mrs. Gould, B. A. Sammann,
| Clinton Ball. Mrs. H. J. Biggins, Miss
I Bessie Rlggins, John S. Robbins, Mrs.
John S. Robbins, Paul Ridley. C. M. Beck,
M J. Code and wife. Father Qufnn,
Father Noran, Robert White and wife,
Cory Hale, Thomas Nunan, Dominick
Lynch; from Uilroy— George E. Rea and
•wife Lyman Willson, W. H. Smith, Jo
seph Princevalle, Charles McGlee, Mrs. S.
W. Kilpatrick. C. R. Weaver, Mrs. C. R.
. Weaver, Leon Weaver, Mrs. J. Relther,
i Harold Rea, Miss Lizzie Rea, Mrs. P. B.
Tully, G. Piedmont, Dani-1 P. Regan.
Miss Ella T. Regan, C. Pollard. Joseph
! Sullivan, Henry Princevalle and W. C.
! Bennett; from Salinas City— F. F. Kel-
I logg, J. B. Scott; from San Jose— Barney
Taylor, Miss E. A. Waltensple); from
I Watsonville — George White, and from Ho
nolulu. J. P. Smith. M. D.
MARK WEST SPRINGS, June 3.—
Among those visiting here are: G. Hem
and wife, T. F. Hem and wife, Miss L.
Lane, Robert Manton, Miss B. Hughes,
Hugh V. M. Hugh, W. E. Cunningham,
Mrs. L. B. Towne, Louis Cantel Towne,
C. Bennett and C. Taylor, San Francisco;
Mrs. L. Burris, Master Earl Burris and
Miss Lou Seawell, Santa Rosa; B. S. Ber
nays and son, Oakland; H. Welnstock,
Robert Welnstock and Walter W.elnstoek,
Sacramento.
ETNA, SPRINGS, June 3.— The latest
arrivals here are: Luke D. Morgan, Karl
' Krug, George P. Thomas and wife,
William Gurnson, J. W. Lawrie, Thomas
! J. Duffy, Tod R. Scott, P. H. Moss, W. B.
I James," Frank Ellis, E. R. Thompson, F.
Gutskow, Mrs. J. J. Giusti, Roy Giustl,
j William Byrne. John Beresford, Mrs. J.
| M. Johnson, R. Maertins and wife, A.
N. Jackson and wife, Mrs. Ed Harris,
Clarence M. Mann and wife, Mrs. W. D. '
i O'Kane, Mervin O'Kane, Mrs. C. B. York,
San Francisco; Captain Charles Bondrow,
I C. E. Bondrow, F. E. Sadler, Berkeley;
i Charles Kellogg and wife, Mrs. C. Mer»-
I dith, Mrs. C. L. Adsit. Oakland; D. M.
Heagerthy, Fruitvale; Henry Crosby and
wife, Centerville; and W. B. Bradford aiid>
wife, San Rafael.
KENILWORTII INN, June 3.— The fol
! lowing guests registered here during the
I past w r eck: Mrs. E. M. Allen, Oakland;
1 Joseph Rothschild. Colonel Alex. L. Well,
I A. Le Jeune, H. G. Tamm, Mr. and Mrs.
Blumenthal and child, and Henry Trevor
I and family. San Francisco,
i HOTEL MOUNT VIEW, ROSS STA
! TION, June 3.— From ban Francisco: San
' ford G. Lewald. Louis Felix Raynaud, Mr.
I and Mrs. L. W. Harpham, Mrs. Annia
Hendry, R. E. Newman, Mr. Ruggles Jr.,
Paul Freygang. Miss Francis Heiman,
! Miss May Ludlow, Professor L. R. Ven
tura, Miss Nellie Vella, J. J. Duncan,
i Mr? M. Alp'-'rn and children, John
i Porcher and wife, Mr. and Mrs. A. Linrk,
K. c. Ambridge and wife. George w.
Dodge and wifo, A. A. Louderback. Juliug
C. Dlggins and wife, Mr. and Mrs. I.
Cahn, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Morshead, Q.
i W. Hendry, Merritt D. Robinson, Mr. and
j Mrs. J. W. Ruggles. H. P. Cottingham,
j Ivison S. P.lake. Miss Sadie Ludlow,
j James T. Ludlow, Colonel Sonntag,
C. Hotaling, Miss M. Duncan, M. AJ
P. Belgrano, C. Jantzen, Miss M.ib.-l
Dodge. "Mrs. Coughlln and boy, Mr. H!.ik.>
Walter Cline, Mr. and Mrs. h. Brooks,
W, A. Landry, a. J. Buckl. y. !i. Nathan,
Mat L. Rosenberg, Charlotte Pricke,
Chafes Frkke, Mr. and Mrs. Ahpel, A.
Rosenberg, Mr. and Mrs. Marcus, and
Mr. and Mrs. Eppinger. A howling
tournament was givon on Wednes
day evening, which proved a very
interesting affair. Mrs. S. Marcus and
F. J. Batcholor carried off tho prizes. Tha
date for the opening party has been set
for June 17.
friends and will never grow stingy, hut
you should become more self-denying.
You are both pood and bad, and arc better
at night than morning. There is a comic
side to your nature. Delicate and sus
ceptible. Fond of art, music and beauti
ful surrounding. A good memory ot
faces, places and names. Will make
many cnanges and travel over the v.
The following named sent prints too in
distinct to read: Masit- G. Walea Miss
Gladys A. B. €.. M. i-:. Hush. San Fran
cißco: Miss Emma S. ; BAsa Caroline w.l
spn; You Bet; Miss Johnston; Mrs. J. P.
N., Sonora; Mrs. s. t. G.. Sonora: Mrs.
| Isabel Bates. Mr. E. Moreslnl. Mrs. S. S .
Mrs. S. Garland, Mi- H. ; Mrs. Kate S.
; Brown. Stanislaus County; Miss Lyllye,
Mrs. Ellen I.).: Mrs. H. N. Black. Gilroy;
'Miss Gussio Shaw, Harriet M. R. Rose,
Mrs. K. Howlett, Larkspur; Mrs. ;
X.. Redwood t'ity; Jacob, Santa Rosa:
Miss Maud \\\. Santa Rosa; Little Har
ry 3, Baby Charley Anderson, Miss Katie
Mrs. McAllister. Mr. W. 11. F.; King Sol.!
oman. I>akeport, Will Simons. Lakeport*
Joe Bigler, I.akeport ; Fred Ablff I ake^
! port; A. C. M., O. .1., Mrs. ld;i J •'. ; Celia
; llamby, Evergreen; Mrs. JI. B. Rower
'Willits. '
Madame Neergaard, pupil of St. Germain.
scientific palmist; reading, by mail. ji. sis
Geary st., above Jones. Telephone Hide 2621.c? nr 3 PARASOL will make or mar
II \\ a gown. Moreo%-er. a parasol is
// V alwavp one of two things — either
/■ A a flattering background for the
Jj V> face or tha most unbecoming
svttinsr imaginable.
One must consider the complexion when
ehoosir.s a parasol. Hold it up in the sun
ligbt to see whether the shade changes
and then notice whether it gives the com
plexion the tint of the rose or that of
parchment. It Is an important point to
try the parasol in the sunlight. The
color very often proves to be quite dif
ferent than when in the shadow of me
shop.
A wonderful assortment of parasols Is
aiways displayed in ihe spring. For in
the sprir.g a young giri's fancy lightly
turns to parosals as a preventive for
freckles. Every color and variety of
shape is to be found in the shops. The
wails and counters blossom as though
•with huge mushrooms and fungi.
Parasols are not so berutlied as they
w-re last year, but have gained some
thing in point of workmanship. They are
light and transparent and the way that
the sun shines through them in tickle.
shifting lights and shades is enchanting.
A <Ja:nty sunshade brought from Paris
by one of cur society belles is covered
t";r?t with pick moussoline de soie. Over
this :-5 smoothly drawn a tine piece of
openwork silk embroidery. The em
broidery reaches within a few inches of
the ef:ee and a band is placed around it
of white taffeta edged with a ruching cf
the mousseline.
The short handle Is of natural wood and
at the end is a piece of Ivory delicately
carved in the shape of a swan's head.
The joint of the handle is hidden by a
huge triple chou of mousseline de" sole:
and the price of this beautiful parasol?
Fifty dollars, please.
But there are numberless dainty sun
shades that are inexpensive. Grass linen
makes a jvery serviceable parasol. Avoid
chiffons if your number of parasols must
be limited and you intend devoting them
to hard service. Very pretty ones come
in summer silks.
A stylish sunshade Is of royal blue
corded silk, lined with chiffon of the same
peculiar shade. The silk is cut in deep
scallops bt-tween the ribs of the frame,
and the trimming consists of three nar
row rows of lace.
A gorccous affair is of pale blue silk
with endless billows of lace and a handle
of rosewood, which ;« the most popular
handle of this season. Natural wood han
dles are in High favor and next to rose
comes citron wood in point of popularity.
Another striking parasol is of blue and
while checked taffeta. Checks and stripes
are very fashionable, for the taffeta sun
shades.
A sunshade designed for dark beauties
Is of pale yellow chiffon, over which is an
applique of black lace. •
For street costumes there is displayed
a stunning little umbrella of a black and
•white plaid silk, with a deep plait border
of black.
Now. here Is a way to have all the para
sols that you crave without going into
bankruptcy. In purchasing material for a
pown buy an extra amount for your para
sols. Take all your o'ids and ends of
laces. Insertions and chiffon, with' this ma
. r- r ,\ m in nmhriiMfl-mak^r. who will
Is Bfusfiing a Disease?
Singular Theory of a Frerjch Expert Who Has Made a
Study of Blushes.
THE ger.era! Idea that blushing Is
due to fullness of blood in the brain
is Incorrect, according to the new
theory of a French expert. It
arises from the relaxation of the
arteries of the face, neck and
breast, thus allowing- an extra, quantity
of blood to rush to the skin. Those ar
teries have in their walls a layer of rings
of muscular fiber, which contract or re
lax according to the condition .of the pa
tient, and so permit the arteries to^ be
come more or less full of blood. When
they are extra full, which occurs In weak
ness, the patient blushes.
Blushers are more liable to redden in
damp or stormy weather than in the cold
days of winter or the hot days of. summer.
If "this glowing of ihe face were the re
sult of emotion; why this difference? if
it be due to weakness the fact assumes
the appearance of probability.
Th^re are two closely allied causes of
blushing. One is named "ereuthophobia."
that is the ordinary cause— weakness and
the extreme sensitiveness and other con
ditions caused by it. The other is desig
nated "erythopholiia." and is the fear
that one will blush unconsciously at awk
ward moments.
The latter is a peculiar form of the dis
ease. The individual in question, although
not given to Mushing, becomes gradually
possessed with a fear that ho will do so
at some inopportune time, and this fear
grows upon him until it completely mas
ters him and makes him grow red In the
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
tvjvnwpiJßl Is removed by DR. and MRS.
&jy&*£Ji& A. W. TRAVERSE. Doaoho.
Vf --3"H Milldlns. 1170 Market «.. cor.
fci^-3!^2%j> Taylor, rooms 18-29. with th«
i^.^SS "*^H electric needle, without pain or
hfi^-XitJ jfß tear. Moles, -rarts. wrinkle*.
■fcSSi^'.^Z blackheads. freckiei. birth-
W^w — "»B marks, etc.. also removed. . Per-
kSjjJlte^fll ir.anency guaranteed, Uoun» I
put them on a frame for $2. Natural
wood for the handles is very easily ob
tained.
• « •
TO Jump from the crown of the head
I to the soles of the feet. A secret
j| breathed in the boudoirs is that
stockings this year must have longi
tudinal stripes as they tend to make the
ankles look smaller than the horizontal
lines hitherto worn. A pretty stocking is
of black lisle thread, with vertical stripes
In Roman colors.
A pair of stockings so fine that they
could easily be drawn through a ring were
made for the last society bride. They are
of white silk, with an elaborate pattern
over the instep In real round point lace in
a butterfly design.
Some stockings are of an all-over open
work design in black silk, with colored
vertical stripes, while others have s.^-lld
uppers with fancy openwork over the
ankle. A jockey effect called the "Mas
cot" is grained by a stocking with a plain
red silk per half and black lower.
Plain stockings exquisitely woven are
generally preferred by fastidious people
who eschew these gaudy innovations.
• • " «
ATHLETIC sports have had their
effect upon the footgear of the
modern young woman. The nearer
she can get her shoes like those
of her small brother the better fie is
pleased. In fact, It is whispered that she
often goes to the boys' department and
buys her boots there*.
Low shoes are almost universally worn
for the summer. A tan shoe of soft calf,
with round buildog toe and low tlat heel,
is much liked. The sole is heavy and ex
tends beyond the shoe to a truly mascu
line degree.
A similar shoe with elk skin sole Is
worn for the bicycle.
Golf shoes are laced and are not worn
so high as last season, as the skirts are
longer, even on the golf Inks. The tops
of all high shoes are cut straight.
A pretty little boot for street wear
Is made with a pat« nt leather lower and
calf upper. The toe is round, sole moder
ately heavy and extended. : .
For dancing and housewear, however,
the fascinating Louis Quinze heel and
more pointed toe are still in evidence.
A popular shoe of this description is of
patent leather, with a high flap extending
up from the ankle and a large buckle.
This shape is also made up in a soft red
leather, which is most fascinating in ap
pearance. A delicate tan In soft Dongola
kid Is also made in this popular shape.
An attractive little slipper is mad*: for
mourning costumes of a dull kid embroid
ered in dull jet.
• • •
It is English to speak now of chemi
settf-s worn by women as "bibs."
"Madrid" is Spanish red now adopted
without compunction by our dark beau
ties. It Is a line ueeper than name color
and too yellow for tomato reo.
« « .
The revival of point d'esprit as a fash
ionable dress material helps out the
scheme for transparent effects, and when
it is decorated with real lace ap-iique de
signs It makes charming gowns. With
out the lace applique it is very pretty
trimmed with Insertion* and lace, edged
plaitings on frills of satin ribbon, and is
especially desirable for young girls.
Shakespeare silver bracelets, thin large
circles, each with a quotation, are In
vogue, v School girls especially affect
them. One girl wears five of them, and
face when there Is not the slightest rea
son for It.
At 1 ; :rap> question rhe color
and he is ] In the most ab
• with
suspicion, becai:- -.r his
. -inn as ci t guilt; he
- izt s ;he fad .tr;<i ' rse, his
condition g ■•-. Weak)
Bponsible In this for the deplor
able state of thi when the sufferer
is taken li tl "braced up,"
he sn.. ■ ' irs.
It must ■ rong emotion that
- a flush " " • the face of a
r-ri!ly healthy mar. "r woman. Whatever
they may feel they will not show it any
m'>r>- than they will show fear when con
er.iit da .
REVENGE OF A COUNTESS
A TRAGIC story of feminine rr-vng*
comes from Vienna. The
nr d Countess Napodano lived hap
pily together until the Count fell
In love with the daughter of ii»
local do
name, a charming girl of lg years:
The Count deserted his wife and •
with Concetta LK-vaj". The Cou
K&podano obtained a divorce from h»-r
and, who then married Concetta.
Two years later Count Napodano and
etta rtturn> -1 to Matug-
The former Countf-ss Naj
:mw on her deathbed. Sho sent a
cc to the Countew Concetta that
sh< would like to see her before she died.
Tli^ I wishing to humor the
wishes of th.- dying woman, went to see
hr-r The invalid a-<ked her to stoop and
ki>s her. As the fresh young face of
her rival came near her own the dying
wyman raised herself and by an almost
superhuman effort bit a pie«e clean out
ncetta'fl cheek and mouth, then fen
back dead with a contented smile on her
Concetta was disfigured for
Bfe, and her husband, the fickle Count.
has already left her for a new love.
THE BAST gIIA^TQIgGQ £Al^ . BUS DAY, <Jt/2^ 4 4 1899.
uhe ZParasol's
uhe uhing ifow
Tests to Show Mow the Summer Girl May Select a Good One,
I
upon each one is enpraved a quotation
from "Romeo and Juliet."
■- ■ ' • ..*,.- « ■ •
\ The Flirtation Book.
Neither is the summer girl to be desti
tute of this, a tally book in which to keep
a record of her episodes. It Is considered
quite the thing:, and Is meant to show in
(after years— to the confusion, be it said,
of one or more men who have in the
[ meantime settled down and probably for
' gotten all about that "little affair."
! The Book of Flirtations is all arranged
! in price? - umbered off for pnch man. four
to the man.' The first details his appear
ance. the second the diary of their case,
the third his presents and compliments
and the fourth— alas! the fourth is meant
for the record for the way it all ended.
The thoughtful originator ha ■": an eye on
: the outcome, evidently, or there would
not have been this - id monogramed page
set apart for the changre of heart.
Each girl k*eps her book a secret—
the season is over— to avoid clashing?
duringr the summer months allotted to
amusement and rest, and into which these
disputes may not enter.
It remains to be seen how popular this
little book becomes, and how long- it will
survive the arrival of the man of fate.
Return of Big Bows,
Big bows for the neoiv. so much in
seem to bo a reaction from the
tiny cravats. One must have me bow
small and the ends long ar.d sweeping.
Ribbon is of course the favorite, but silk.
mousse".!ne de sole, taffeta, laoe and mull
are some of the many materials em
HOW TO M PRETTY. THOUGH PLAI N
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene or proper living. If any on desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as mai-y questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call.
POOR old Dame Nature is the
most maligned, the most put upon
old lady In the world. Wherever
there is a lack of physical love
liness, be it owing to squinty
eyes, pigeon toes or a hand that
positively refuses to be pushed into a 6*4
glove, the blame Is straightway laid at
nature's door.
For the sake of Justice I would like to
remark to the army of women who are
trailing around in the world hugging the
notion to their breasts that nature has
absolutely nothing to do with the unat
tractiveness of many of the members of
the race feminine. Woman's bump of lazi
ness—which in some cases is abnormally
developed— and her utter and entire dis
regard of all the laws of good breeding
and good taste are alone responsible. You
have all seen, have you not, the woman
who goes trapsing through the streets
with a yard and a half— more or less— of
skirt, bedraggled and worn at the hem,
sweeping up the germ-laden dust from
the sidewalks, or with long, scraggly pen
nants of loose tresses and scqlding locks
palling along* behind her; the woman who
administers heart-crushing doses of abuse
and advice to meek and silent husbands
when out in company; the girl who cari
catures the real beauty of a healthy,
wholesome' body and an interesting, in
telligent mind by artificial complexions,
false "frizzes" and an unnatural figure;
the rotund ladies whe persist in draping
their barrel-like proportions in plaids and
"baby waist" effects, and the willowy sis
terhood who go in for stripes and long
tailed coats and tailor gowns?
And then there is the girl who is con
stantly airing her views and talking over
her private affairs in public conveyances
or places of amusement; the young wo
man who is constantly picking up with
some new fad and who insists upon eter
nally holding forth upon the subject; the
young woman who raises a handsome silk
lined tailor-made over a rustling petti
coat only to display to the multitudes
scrubby, run-down-at-the-heel shoes, and
the gum-chewing girl! .
Dear: Dear! I falter and grow pale at
the mere thought of enumerating all the
rest of these distinctly unpleasant types
of femininity. From all these -In the
words of the good old ritual, "Good Lord,
deliver us:"
Now. I leave it to you whether nature
or the women themselves are to blame in
most cases? There is an exquisite charm
about a neatly and tastily dressed woman,
be her features ever so plain, whose hair
is not twisted up carelessly, as if just
about to fall over her shoulders; whose
gloves are not ripped at the seams, nor
any buttons missing from her boots, and
whose veil does not display any holes or
ragged ends living to the breezes.
It is in all these little details that
women show their tidiness, and it means
a lot of work. too, for there must be the
tepid or cold sponge bath every morning,
the. v.arm. soapy bath twice a week, and
the shampoo every two weeks. There
must be a careful brushing of the tresses
each day, the nails must be manicured,
gowns must be cleaned and renovated,
broken skirt bindings attended to, but
tons, 'tapes and chiffons and a thousand
other details looked after by the woman
who wishes to present the "well
ployed. These bow? and end? are not at
all In keeping with the tailor-made ef
fect of the shirt waist, with which they
are too often worn, but fashion Is a
strange inspiration and combines the
most unlikely caprices of toilet with the
utmost disr^-sjard for seeming. The long
bows and »:r.ds have certainly the merit
of covering deficiencies, which is perhaps
their reason for existence.
• • ■
The Worlds Ribbons.
Nearly 1,000.000,000 yard? of ribbon of all
sna^s an>i colors are consumed by the
POSES : B\] Miss Frances
Strar\g of the Qrar\d
Opera }tause.
PHOTOS: By Jhors.
Y AJ^ASOLS : From tSe
White
fair sex cf the continent of Europe every
year.
Of this huge amount France aione
takes nearly one-third, Frenrh women be
lnsr particularly fond of anything of a
- color Britain comes next but a
long way behind, with • ■ yards
and the resi is divided principally be
gj& iVlMff. hVCEIA
-■ ed" appearance so attractive in the
eye of the opposite sex.
Ask a man what attribute he most ad
mfres !n woman and in nine cases out of
the reply will be "perfect cleanli
ness." P<>; as I said in the beginning of
this article, lack of beauty in most cases
is owing chiefly to laziness on the part
of the would-be possessor. Miss Lazy
bones never was and never will be a
beauty. The prettiest women in the world
are the busiest i
• * •
A toilet vinegar that is perfectly de-
Ughtful and which can be made very
at t l : i <= season of the year is:
STRAWBERRY TOILET VINEGAR.
Macerate two pounds of fresh straw
berries add two ounces of strong acetic
acid; let stand fourteen days and then
strain. A half teaeupful of this vinegar
poured into the daily bath will prove de
lightfully invigorating.
Answers to Correspondents.
WILHELMINA— Your question was ful
ly answered in last Sunday's Beauty Talk.
"SOQTEL— An offensive odor of perspira
tion can be done away with only by scru
pulous cleanliness of body and clothing.
A little benzoin added to the bathing wa
ter will make it more cleansing. Then,
after drying thoroughly, dust, the parts
afflicted with a powder made of one part
of bora^ic acid, two parts precipitated
. and seven parts powdered talcum.
Do not wear old dress-shields. One can
not be sweet and fresh and clean with
these horrors about one. I think you can
use the following cold cream with perfect,
safety: Refined white wax. l s ounce;
spermaceti. Vi ounces; oil of sweet al
mond?. I 1 * ounces; rosewater, \ ounce;
attar of rose. 1 drop.
JFSSIC-V— The formula for cold cream
given in foregoing reply to Soquel is or«
of the best in my collection. \<>i;r fao>
will become soft and white under it 3
ministrations. I am certain. For the
hands you could not possibly find any
thing more delightful than the following
•Me Jelly: Gum tragacanth. while.
30 grains; rosewater. 7 ounces; glycerin,
one-half ounce; alcohol, one-half oume.
Soften the tragacanth in the rosewater
for a day or two and then strain forcibly
_-h" muslin. Add the glycerin and
alcohol previously mixed, shake well and
.me to suit. An excellent face pow
der is made by mixing together and sift
ing over and over again 2Vb ounces of tal
cum A& ounces of rice flour. 1U ounces of
the best zinc oxide and 2 drops each of
oils of bergamot. ylang-ylang and ncroii.
If a flesh color is desired add a little car
mine. Pure white castlle soap Is the best
toilet soap made.
X k S.— l am more than pleased that
my advice has been of such help to you.
Your sallow complexion will bo much
ted if you will take the juice of half
a lemon in a glass of water every morn
ing before breakfast. If you can drink
buttermilk you will find that of help also.
Cucumber fnilk is very whitening. Here
is the formula: Oil of sweet almonds. 2
ounces; white castile soap (powdered.. <,
ounce; fresh cucumber juic#, 10 ounces:
essence rrf cucumber, 3 ounces; tincture
of benzoin, 2* l drops. Get the juice by ;
slicing the cucumbers, skins and all, in a
little water and straining carefully. The
r annum is made by combining equal por
tions of the Juice and alcohol. Dissolve
tween Spain. Italy. Germany and Belgium
and smaller principalities.
Blue and the hipher pink? and scarlet
are at prrs^nt the favorite shades.
School Self-Government failed.
Self-government in the public Bchoola
of Milwaukee has come to grief. The
children were not equal to the responsi
bility, and the boys particularly wen
troublesome, being especially restive un
• le surveillance of girl "policemen."
The girls who served in this capacity
were scoffed at by the boys: out of school,
and naturally they watched closely In
school for opportunities to get even with
their tormentors. Parents complained
that the system made spies of the chil
dren, caused them to be watchful of pet
ty shortcomings, revengeful when ar
rested, and degraded when brought into
the school "municipal court." Another
complaint was that the time occupied by
members of the court in trying offend
ers could be employed better in studying.
The climax came when the fact was dis
closed that one boy. imitating the prac
tices of his elders in politics, had been
trying to buy votes with pencils to com
pass his election as an alderman in the
school government. Because of these dis
closures the Drinolpal of the school where
the experiment was being tried was di
rected to return to old methods of dis
cipline.
"My Queen!" exclaimed her adorer.
timidly. "May I kiss the royal hand?"
"My faithful subject." replied the young
woman, with the air of one gently chid
ing him. "wnnt is the matter with the
royal lips?"— Chicago Tribune.
the soap in the essence, add the juice and
then the oil very slowly, Pour in the ben
! zoin last drop by drop and shake thor
oughly. You had better see an oculist
about the lump under the little daugh
; ter's eye. It being so near that delicate
1 organ I would not dare to prescribe for
it. and besides I fear a slight operation
will be necessary.
MRS. H. T. G.— You can add a little
powdered borax to your skin food if you
I wish, but I think you will find it suf
j ficiently whitening without. Fifteen
I grains would be about the proper propor
tion. Almond meal is too coarse to- be
i used as face powder. A bit of parsley
: dipped in vinegar is said to destroy the
unpleasant odor attendant upon eating
fresh young onions. Cold sores can be
cured the quickest by constant applica
tions of rosewater to which a few drops
of spirits of camphor have been added.
,W. W. A.— lf you will beat up the yolks
of two eggs until light and frothy, add
one ounce of spirits of rosemary and
one pint of warm water, and use as a
shampoo, rinsing your hair afterward in
several clear waters, you will, I am sure,
be delighted with the result.
A. T. ,R.— Those hard, geedlike white
pimples are a form of acne, and are due
to the obstruction of the sebaceous
glands, which, unable to rid. themselves
of their contents, distend and become
! hardened and prominent. Have you ever
. tried picking them out with a fine needle?
| Sometimes such treatment will take them
i away, especially if a toilet vinegar or
| good cold cream is immediately applied.
Never use a face bleach which removes
the skin. Such bleaches are made of
.corrosive sublimate, a deadly poison.
BROWNETTE— I have not the slightest
doubt In the world that your variegated
complexion comes from one of two if not
from both causes— poor circulation or a
torpid liver. The liver Is probably the
prime offender. Get your physician to
give you something that . will put this
organ into good working order. Do you
walk to and from your office each day?
That would do you a world of good. And
cannot you manage to have the room
heated in some way? Aside from the
damage to your complexion, it is very
wrong to undermine your health, a- you
surely will, by sitting in a room day after
day the temperature of which causes
your fingernails to become blue. Advice
contained in foregoing letter to N. E. S.
will help you also.
VIOLET— Applications of pure lemon
juice, if followed immediately by a thor
ough smearing with cold cream, will not
dry the skin. I cannot testify a3 to the
wrinkle producing qualities of gum chew
ing, but I do know v.hat it is an unlady
like habit as well as a beauty destroying
one, for I cannot Imagine a young lady
looking pretty with .her jaws forever
working and twisting like a cow chewing
her cud, can you? For the flabby skin
use the astringent wash suggested to
Magnet in last Sunday's Call.
IDA R.— Massage will help you if it is of
the right kind, which is picking up of the
flesh between your fingers and rolling it
thinly. This treatment dissolves the tis
sues. Bathe afterward with warm water
in which is a dash of salt. It would be
wise for you to go in for light gymnastic
exercises and to confine your diet to non
fattening foods. An exercise that is par
ticularly excellent for reducing a large
stomach-is to lie. flat on the back on the
floor, with the arms out straight at the
sides. Ra^se. the body to a sitting pos-
i ture, then drop gently back on to the
floor again: Repeat this ten or fifteen
times night and morning and you will be
surprised to Bee what a difference it will
make in a short time.
FORGET-ME-NOT— For freckles that
are of long standing :ake one teaspoontul
at powdered borax and dissolve it in one
j pint of soft water. Add one cup of butter
milk. Bathe the face with it at night be
fcre retiring. Wash it off the next morn
ing in clear tepid water. Avoid washing
i the face immediately before or just after
being in the open ,iir. I have several
times since your letter was- written given
directions for removing moles. I feel sure
you must have seen them. '
DAPHNE E.— l do not think the hair
pins had anything in the world to do with
your hair falling out so peculiarly. There
■ must be some other cause. i do not ap
prove of vaseline for the scalp, as all
such greasy applications collect dust and
i irritate the cuticle. The following tonic
i is particularly good for dandruff and will
■ stop the hair from fading: Forty-eight
! grains resorcin, one-half ounce glycerin,
and alcohol enough to fill a two-ounce
bottle. Apply every night, rubbing it into
] the scalp. Shampoo every two weeks with
' the following- egg shampoo: Shake the
yolk of an egg in a pint of alcohol, strain
; and bottle. To a bowl of warm water
add two teaspoonfuls of the liquid. Braid
the hair loosely at night. I prefer pure
white castile soap for the face to any
other. A large amount of washing soda
in the shampoo water will certainly
lighten the hair. A very small quantity
j will not have that effect. It is apt to
make the hair dry and harsh, though.
When the hair first begins to turn gray,
I look well to your health. Eat nourish
i Ing foods, get all the rest possible, ■ x-•-
--cise in the open air. and see to it that the
! hair and scalp are kept thoroughly clean.
> Another preventive is keeping the hair
i clipped or singed. Bicycle riding is very
• healthful exercise If indulged in moder
ately.
IMOGEN— Patience Is necessary when
: starting in to develop the neck and bust.
Exercise with dumbbells and swinging
; Indian clubs will help, and a nightly mas
. sage with cocoanut oil or lanolin will
certainly end in giving the desired plump
! ness. Bathing the neck and breasts In
I cold water the following morning will
also help.
PANSY— I really have never heard of
' the mixtures you mention, so cannot give
!an opinion as to their virtues. I think the
• cucumber milk, formula for which is
given in reply to N. E. S.. will work like
: a charm with your skin. Massage with
i lanolin or cocoanut oil will rill out the.
hollows in the neck. Touching the warts
with lunar caustic will remove them.
Touch the center of the wart lightly with
a lunar caustic pencil once a day. 'it will
turn black and gradually disappear. Be
careful not to get the caustic on any other
part of the skin. Binding the corn with
a slice of lemon for several nights will
I soften the growth so that it can easily
be scraped away. Use white wine vinegar
with the rose leaves.
MAY B. SMITH— The cream you men
tion contains a small quantity of corro
sive sublimate and acts as an impercepti
ble blister on the skin, gradually removing
the cuticle. It agrees excellently well
■ with some skins. Whether or not it would
j with yours of course I could not possi
bly say. I should prefer the lemon Juice
i and borax, as there is absolutely no risk
<In that. The lemon juice will not injure
your skin in the least, particularly if im
mediately followed with an application o f
; cold cream. The talcum powder Is excel
; lent, only when used as 8 face powder It
does not always stick as well as one would
wish.
EMMA G.— You are making yourself un
. happy over a very trivial ailment I
should put it out of my mind if I were
you and never give it another thought
Those little broken veins are quite a com
; mon occurrence. They come from no an
: parent cause and frequently vanish as
mysteriously. Sometimes pricking with
' the electric needle v.ill disperse' them I
know of no other remedy. • . ' .
VAGABOND— A little starch thrown
I Into the water in which one bathes will
sometimes whiten the skin. Oatmeal is
excellent for the purpose. Just mak»
Women Should Ride Astride.
Letters Frorr) Experienced H°rscbacK Riders Vigorously
Endorsing tr;e Opinion of Mrs. Walter Magee.
VieW of an Experienced
■
j
Physician
EDITOR of The Daily Call—Dear
Sir: The question "Shall women
ride astride on horseback," Is apro
pos, but should not- be handled so
lightly as was done In your issue
of Sunday. May 21. Society an
swers this question in the negative, and
society is excusable for its answer, for
that uncertain quantity known as "so
ciety" cares little and knows less as to
what is most proper, from a healthful
standpoint.
Thousands of women, innocent of any
knowledge of physical damage to them
selves from this pernicious posture, have
been, killed by the fashionable side-sad
dle, and the majority of such female rid
ers of to-day are food and fortune for
the modern gynecologists; hence "doc
tors are divided" in their opinions on this
subject, but modern physicians are not,
nor will they be. None other than the
women themselves (and their physicians)
know the miseries and troubles which
are produced and nurtured by" this fash
ion, and women should know the origin
of • this practice, which, however, need
not be mentioned here.
Mrs. Walter Magee. and others who
have endeavored to do away with this
worse than stupid fashion deserve the
highest praise for their clear perception
of woman's needs for true reform in this
direction, and their decision that "tire
side-saddle must go" is a wise one. .X
As to the "physiological and artistic
part," it must be admitted that the long
riding skirt, as an accompaniment to the
side-saddle, together with the high silk
hat. has had some charms for the femi
nine devotees to this pastime; but this
skirt has been the cause of so many ac
cidents . by entanglement in gates,
fences, horses' hoofs, etc.. that it has
generally been discarded and the short
one substituted- But what an unenviable
sight is a lady when clad in the present
short riding skirt, "humped up" on a
side-saddle and busily engaged .in trying
yourself some bags out of cheesecloth, fill
them with the oatmeal and use in the
bath. The least harmful liquid rouge is
made by filling a widf-necked bottle with
the petals of dark red roses and covering
these with the best wine vinegar obtain
able. As a general thing liquid rouge is
not -particularly desirable. Pansy, like
yourself, suffers from a "big ache that
from a little toe corn grew," so please
read what I have said to her on the sub
ject.
ANXIETY — I fear I can suggest no
means by which a receding chin may be
made to appear less so. Apply a little
cold cream to the skin at the base of the
nail each night. If you will soak your
fingers in warm water every day and
press back the cuticle with an old piece
of linen you will have less trouble with
your ails. I feel certain.
MAY W. — The only way that you can
darken your hair is by means of a dye.
Henna will not injure your hair and will
color it a bright red. Do not. I beg of you,
attempt any of these things on your "hair
yourself 01 you may emerge with a head
of more varied hues than was Joseph's
coat. If you will send me a stamped ad
dressed envelope I will send you the ad
dress of some one who will do it for you.
M. F. S. — Almond meal is very good for
the skin and can be used in place of soap.
The nicest way to use it is to put it Into
little cheesecloth bags, wet one of them
and with it wash the face, rinsing after
ward in clear water. Treatment for facial
eruptions calls first of all for careful, hy
gienic living. Never eat rich pastries,
fatty foods or sweets. Live on a fruit and
vegetable diet as much as possible and be
sure that the digestive organs are kept
free an- :.cf>ve. Take your bath daily,
exercise regularly and have your sleeping"
room wen ventilated. Then get a little
bottle of peroxide of hydrogen and apply
to the bothersome little pimples with a
spor.sre. Us? cold cream also. As soon a3
the skin is perfectly free of the eruption,
besin with a complexion brush of firm
white bristles to do away with the black
h^ads. Scrub the face thoroughly with,
the brush every night befpre going to bed,
using warm vr&ter and pure castile soap.
If the blackheads are very bad add a lit
tle alcohol to the water." That is very
cleansing, but as .t is also drying, a face
cream should '■• rubbed on immediately
after the face has been rinsed and wiped.
If this does not help you. write to me
again, and I will suggest something els»».
The hair tonic you mention is very good,
as far as I know. As your hair is so very,
oily I would suggest the following tonic:
One-half pint alcohol: one-half pint wa
ter; SO grains of quinine. Apply every
other night, rubbing it into the scalp.
The Queen has spent more time in Scot
land than did many of the Kings and
Queens wl Scotland alone. In.
•' ■ r M -ty's spring and summer
-r.s In the Highlands since I^2 make
.--^regate of about eighteen years. She
been in Scotland as a
en longer than Donald
Duncan. Edgar. Alexander I, Mal
colm the Maiden. Margaret of Norway,
R h in and Mary.
There are fully 1060 tons of piping of
various kinds in the average Atlantic
lintr. The furnaces will consume no less
than 7 " ibic feet of air an hour.
The boiler tubes, if pl^c^d in a straight
line, would stretch nearly ten miles, and,
the condenser tubes more than twenty
five miles. The toi . number of separate
■ steel in the main structure of
the ship is not !<"^ than (0.000. and the
number of cub; feel timber used,
in the construction is more than 100.000.
The total number of rivets t from
"Remember," said the pood man,
"that there are sermons in stones."
"Not in those that you run against
with your Like," retorted the cynic, and
the argument was necessarily at an,
end. — Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune.
■ ♦ ■
What a Wife Has Got to Go Through—
"Few people." said the wife as she pro
ceeded rb investigate her husband's pock
ets after he had gone to sleep, "few peo
ple are aware of what a wife has to go
through."
From a Woman's Standpoint.
;
'
I
'.
j
,
:
■
j
,
i
Editor Call—Dear Sir: I was very much
Interested in the different opinions ex
pressed in last Sunday's Call, upon the
subject of ladies riding horseback.
As most of my daily life for twelve
years past has been spent in the saddle
I feel that my opinion is -worth expression.
1 am 24 years of age and from childhood
till the present day I ha\fr ridden ail
kinds of horses, from an "Indian cayuse"
thoroughbred, and I say:
Ride astride!
I have a side-saddle that I keep for
guests, but I use the cross-saddle for
safety, health and above ai!. for comfort.
The side-sad- rery well for a
dainty, showy Dttle t m hour or
so. but take our mountain paths, with
creeks to cross, low-bowed trees to go
under, thick underbrush, when you do not
know what moment something will
frigrhten your horse; >>r ir case duty calls
you to k.ok after your own interests then
the side saddle is a nuisance, in fact, it Is
a regular nightmare to be cramped up on
one. I have ridden thirty-five miles on
a cross-saddle and have been comfortable
and not even tired, and my companions
on the side-saddles were fairly ill from
pain in the ri^ht hip and side.
Ride astride. Kirls. Use divided skirts,
they are modest le of some heavy
material look well always.
A LADY RIDER.
May 25.
to prevent the exposure of her limbs as
j she rides along!
The attempt to improve upon the long
: skirt turned out to be a complete failure.
j It is to be regretted that one foolish
i suggestion, made centuries ago by a silly
court physician, should so bl.ndly be fol
; lowed for such a long time, and still
worse that the female sex has not had
.' the moral courage to totrtlly change this
| custom and become emancipated from
, its many eviis.
, MEDICUB. ,
2728
BUSTER JOHN SEES
HODO
Copyrighted, 1599, by Joel Chandler Harris.
NOW the lucky chance which gave Buster John opportunity to see
the fox hunt was both curious and interesting. The date was
fixed upon, and the children's grandfather invited the hunters to
spend the night with him. bo as to have an early start the next
morning. So, one Friday afternoon— the hunt was to take place
on Saturday— hunters began to arrive, some singly and some In
couples, until all had arrived except young Maxwell and his hound Hodo.
Mr. Kilpatrick came, bring Music and "Whalebone, and Tip, with others.
Mr. Collingsworth brought Fanny, and Rocket, and Bartow, with their
chorus; and Mr. Dennis brought Rowan and Ruth and Top and Flirt.
There were other hunters with their dogs, and one or two gentlemen
who had no dogs, but who wanted to see the sport.
But these hunters, their friends and their dogs, were not the ones
Bnster John wanted to see. So he continued to watch the big gate at
the head of the avenue. Sweetest Susan watched with him, Drusilla be
ing nusy helping their mother, who as a good housekeeper looked after
her dining-room and was not afraid to go into the kitchen. Buster John
was anxious lest young Maxwell would fail to come, and said so many
timpr.. He had once heard his grandfather reading something that Max
welinad written in the county paper, and he had also heard the negroes
ta.kmg about the young man, how clever and kind he was. And "then 1
his horse. Butterfly, and his hound, Hodo! What wonderful tales old
i'fumtain and Johnny Ham. r had told about these animals!
. But when the sun was about an hour high, and just as Buster John
had giyon up all hope, he saw the big gate swing open. A large dog
camo through and after him a rider on a sorrel horse. Without alight
ing from his horse, the rider pulled the gate to, and, leaning down until
Buster John could see nothing but one of his feet pressing against the
saddle fastened the catch. Buster John had never seen the gate opened
and * h ut In this fashion before, fcr the latch had been purposely fixed
low so that the little negroes could open the gate for vehicles going out
""/"'f. in. The dog waited with much dignity for the gate to be
shut, and then came trotting along the avenue, close at the heels of the
cantering h<
"That's him." cried Buster John, clapping his hands. How often had
Johnny Bapter and old Fountain described the horse and rider! "Pale
• like he 'bout twelve year or. Rangy sorrel horse wld
»"?" ■' '^V 1 *™« d( - *™**'" The tail was tied up owing
e'ap^uTct 8 1O ° ?e> and gaVC the h^ »
Both Buster John and Sweetest Susan ran to meet young Maxwell
but Johnny Bapter was before them. -> uu »s * uainc ">
;;Howdy Mar,-- T Jo. ?" cried Johnny Bapter joyously.
„ T' V> howdy. Johnny Baptcr?" Then as the children came un Max
well shutiboth eyes tight and said: "Wait! Johnny Bapter ril bet
a twist of tobacco that the young man over here' is Buster John »;
Then: Til take de bet!" exclaimed Johnny Bapter
"You've lost," said young Maxwell; "look at mv hand" Tt ».«
t er was pointing at Busier Job" ani Se K'flngi T S
iSaStH case Od a U t Ct once Charmed th<? Children Wh <>™ sh^ —
■|H.rc-- your tobacco. Johnny Bapter. Now don't feed my horse till
AN EASTERN CRITIC: " ON THE MAN WITH THE HOE." AND WESTERN CRITICS
From the New York Herald.
THE Doubleday <t McClurt Com
pany have In the press for lmm»
diate publication "The Man with
the Hoe. and other Poems," by Ed
win Markham. As a wildly jubi
lant West is looking forward to
this booh as the great literary event of
the generation, it la well to stop and make
a tew remarks upon poetry In pener.il and
then specify the particular place which
"The Mar With the Hoe" should occupy
in contemporary verse.
The poet, then, if he be something else
than a mere artificer of Jeweled phrase,
1? thi ■ ■ of a new dispensation.
' convention is the thin upper crust
over a volcano that may at any moment
break out into fierce action. Good, hi
easy men so to and from their daily tasks
Ing on this thin crust, with no tore
knowledge of the possible upheaval that
at every moment threatens its integrity.
They accept what is as what ought to be.
Nt with a condition of things that
yields comfort to many and affluence to
a few, they have no consciousness of the
angry undercurrents surging within the
breasts of the awful majority to whom
affluence if an impossibility and comfort
an iridescent improbability.
But the true prophet, the true poet,
bas an ear sensitively alive to the Inar
ticulate clamors from the deeps. He puts
these inarticulate clamors into articulate
form. The dumb and soulless majority
claim him as their spokesmen. Q
honest, easy men of the present may faJI
t<> recognise in his audacious utterance
the tocsin r,t the past, the alarum of the
future. They continue their pathway to
and fro upon the crust of present conven
tion. Mayhap they look upon him as a
fool, or. worse still, as an anarchist, per
versely and wickedly seeking to overturn
the t.-aablished order which brings plum
pudding to some and bread to many.
But the folly of one generation becomes
the wisdom of the next. The French Rev
olution had its germ in the "Marseillaise '
%nd culminated with the "Ca Ira." The
aristocrats who turned a deaf ear to the
former and continued their mad dance
over the prostrate form of the plebeian
woke to see that form resurgent, and
ended by finding themselves strung Tip to
lanterns to the music of me latter.
Is such a revolution Impending in Amer
ica—a bloodless revolution this time,
fought not with bullets, but with ballots?
If so, Edwin Markham will prove to be
at once its despised prophet and its ac
cepted high priest. He sang his "Mar
Feillaise " in many a hymn in honor of la
bor, whose sound and fury signiHed noth
ing for the moment. Then he caught the
FRATERNAL NEWS.
THE EASTERN STAR.
Npxt Friday evening twenty - nine
members of Mission Chapter, ladies and
gentlemen, wiir present for the entertain
ment of members and their friends in Mis
f-lon Music Hall, at Howard and Twenty
flrst streets, a farce entitled '"Mary Ann's
Predicament," an original production, th.>
•work of a number of the very bright
minds of tho chapter, and they are not a
few. At the meeting last held the chap
ter balloted for candidates and received
Feveral applications. The. chapter now
lias a membership of 200, is most prosper
ous in every way, and tho members feel
that much of this is due to the members
of Mission Lodge, F. and A. M., by rea
son of their stanch and loyal support.
The excursion of members of the East
ern Star to Lake County last week was
a very enjoyable one, and all who went
were pleased with all they saw in that
picturesque county.
FELLOWS.
THE OD:
Fruitvale Lodge, recently instituted at
Fruitvale, Alameda County, by District
Deputy Grand Master D. A. Sinclair, is
In a flourishing condition and bids fair to
become one of the foremost lodges of the
moh with the "Pa Im," now famous as,
his "Man With the Ho«." All readers or*
tne Herald, into which that po«K was
copied on its first appearance. Will re
member its poignant cry for justice and
atonement
It rang through the land and awoke re-
Bponsive echoes everywhere. Provoked
by Millet's famous painting, emph;
by the quotation from the Bible, "God
made man in his own image." it wa
ognized as a protest against the extant
ord< r for which not men but man is re-
Bponsible. Why, it asked, are some men
foredoomed to hopeless toll, while others
who profit by their toil dwell Idly in
pleasure halls, and clothe their unpro
ductive selves iii purple and fine .
Who made the one a slave, the other a
master?
" ]Ke JY!ar\ With the Hce "
Bowed by the weight of centuries he leans
I7pon his hoe and gazes on the ground,
The emptiness of agea In hie face,
And on his back th«> burden of the n
Who made him dead t<i rapture and despair,
\ thing that grieves not and that never hopes
Stolid an<l stunned, a brother to the ox?
Who loosened and Ift down this brutal jaw?
Whose was the hand that slanted back this
brow?
Whose breath blew out the light within this
brain?
Is this the Thine the Lord (Sod made Mnd pave
To have dominion over sen and land;
To trare the stars and search the heavens for
power;
To feel the passion of Eternity?
Is this the Dream He dreamed who shaped
the suns
And pillared the blue firmament with light?
Down all the stretch of Hell to its last gulf
There Is no shape more terrible than this—
More tongued with censure Of the world's
blind greed —
More filled with signs and portents for the
Foul—
More fraught with menace to the universe.
■What gulfs between him and the seraphim'
Slave of the wheel of labor, what to him
Are Plato and the swing of Pleiadi
What the long reaches of the peaks of song
The rift of dawn, the red reddening of the
rose?
Through this dread shape the suffering ages
look;
Time's tragedy Is In that aching stoop:
Through this dread shape humanity betrayed
Plundered, profaned and disinherited '
Cries protest to the Judges of the World
A protest that Is also . prophecy.
O masters, lords and rulers in all lands,
Is this the handiwork you give t" God
This monstrous thing distorted nrid soul
quenched?
How will you ever straighten up this shape-
Give hack the upward looking hii<i the light-
Rebuild in it the music and the dream; '
Touch it again with Immortality;
Make right the immemorial Infamies
Perfidious wrongs, Immedicable woes?
O ma.«tfrß, lords and rulor? In nil lands
M"w will the Futurp reckon with this Man'
How M»wer thte brute question in that hour
When whirlwind? of rebellion shake the world'
' county. The officers are J. H. W. Rlley,
N. G.; Dun Levy, R. s.; C. Jackson, T.
and A. Jackson, F. S.
There will be a celebration and dedlca-
There is a. movement to organize an as
sociation in Redding to he known as the
, } eterans Association of Northern Cali
fornia.
The grand patriarch and the grand sec
retary will visit the encampment at Hol
: lister to-morrow night.
Oriental Rebek.ih I,odgo will hold an
open meeting next Wednesday night
when there will be a good programme and
dancing, and there will also b<- given an
explanation of "the mysterious lunch"
recently given by the lodge.
To-morrow night Loyal Rebekah Lodge
wll! hold its election for officers for th<*
ensuing term. There will also be inltla
i tory work. This lodge is arranging for
' an apron and necktie social to be given
j on the night of the 12th inst.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Last Wednesday night The Old Friends'
Lodge No. 364 was Instituted in the Pyth
ian Castle by Deputy Grand Master E
Danforth. assisted .>v District Deputies
Kidd, Cunningham and Wigmore and ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUSTE 4, 1899.
Vr," *o-ai»ht, and do put him in a dry place where the wind can't
strike him, and if you have time, wash his legs. The roads are awful.
Hang my saddle and blanket on the side fence yonder. I'll go in and tell
em howdy, and then I'll cone out and look after them "
He wont in the house with each of the children holding him by a
hand. He seemed to b3 a child with them. He shook hands with th*
host and with the other guests, and excused himself on the plea that
he wanted to have a frolic with the children. He was seventeen, »ut
had none of the characteristics of that age. He was even more Juvenile
in his actions than Sweetest Susan. He made the children call him
J<*. and asked them where there was a shelter where he could put his
saddle to keep it out of the dew.
"Make Johnny Bapter hahg it up with the rest in the carriage house "
suggested Buster John.
"No," said young Maxwell. "This is a peculiar saddle. It has a'dog
tlod to it by an invisible string." Sure enough! When they reached the
side fence there was Hodo lying directly under the saddle and blanket
which Johnny Bapter had placed on the fence. "You can see the do
and saddle," remarked Maxwell, " but you can't see the string "
Buster John suggested the old carpenter shop, which was a long shed
room, the entrance to which had no door. There was a pile of shavings
in the shop, and Joe Maxwell said it was the very place of all others
So he placed his saddle on the workbench, kicked the shavings together
and told Hodo he could go to bed and pull the cover over his head when
he pot ready.
"Will he stay?" Buster John asked. The other dogs were all fastened
up in the blacksmith shop to keep them from going home.
Young Maxwell laughed. "He'll stay there till I come after the sad
dle, unless 1 call him out."
He was for returning to the house, but just then the children saw
their grandfather and his other guests coming in their direction.
"Maxwell," said Mr. Collingsworth, "I've heard a heap of loose talk
about this wonderful dog of yours. I lay you I have two can outfoot
him: Dennis has another and Kilpatrick another. Where' ve you hid him?
I don't mind dark horses in politics, but 1 don't like dark dogs in fox
chases."
"Then you'll not like Hodo." remarked Joe Maxwell, "for he's very
dark, almost black. Come. Hodo."
The hound instant. y came from the shed and stood looking at his
■ r, his hfad turned expectantly to one side. This gesture, as you
may call it. was somewhat comical, but it was impressive, too. Hodo
was large for a bound, but very compactly built. His breast bone and
fore houlders were very prominent, his chest was>deep and full, hid
hams were almost abnormally developed, and his tail ran to a keen
point. His color was glossy black except for a dash of brown and white
on his breast and legs and a white strip between his eyes. His ears were
shorter than those of the average pointer. His shape and build were on
the order of a finely bred bull terrier, only on a very much larger scale.
"You call that a hound?" remarked Mr. Collingsworth, jokingly.
"If the Birdsong dogs are hounds." responded Joe Maxwell.
"He's a pretty dog," said Mr. Kilpatrick, "but he'll have some warm
work cut "Ut for him in the morning. '
During this brief conversation Buster John had approached dose to
Hodo, and now laid his hand on the dog caressingly. Hodo flinched as if
'■ had been stung, and snarled savagely, but instinct or curiosity caused
him to nose the youngster, and then he whined and wagged his tail joy
ously, as if he had found an old friend.
"Well, well!'.' exclaimed Maxwell; "this is the first time I have ever
known him to make friends with a stranger. He has two faults, a bad
temper and a hard head.'- 1
Hodo fawned on Buster John, and whined wistfully. fm<- ( . he curved
his tail in peculiar fashion, and ran around and hither and yonder as
if h»- were keen for a frolics/Maxwell was so astonished at these mani
festations that he could do nothing but laugh. Hodo's antics, however
had attracted attention another quarter. A brindle cur belonging to
one of the negroes took offense at the playful spirit of the strange doe
How will It he with kingdoms and with kings—
With those who shaped him to be the thine
he is —
When this dumb Terror shall reply; to God
After the silence of the centuries? '
Great, stormful power" is here, great
pmotioli, but no originality of
thought nor metrical perfection of form
in thi utterance. Emotion is much.
thought is much, but form Is much also.
It is in th>- union of the three that really
great po< try coi
Western Poets and Critics.
The fecund West, which spawns great
poets i>y the scores and follows ihim up
with great critics by the hundreds. In
■ re). t that the latter may discover the
former has derided that here is the
greatest of all the great Western poets.
Borne great critics go further. One as
thar "The Man With the Hoe"
touches the high water mark of Ameri
can achievement in verse. Another, more
modest, but p;t ill a master of ill consid
ered superlatives, thinks it the .best thing
written by an American author in a quar
ter of a century. A third holds that it
stamps the author as "one of the great
est thinkers in the world." A fourth,
more weirdly impressionistic in his lan
guage, declares that "he goes down into
;])•• dim places of the dead; he reaches
in heart-warm prayer to the Father of
Life." A fifth says. "This poem comes as
the cry of the ZHtgr ist."
A large number of great Western critics
join in agreeing that Markham is the
foremost name in poetical literature since
Tennyson and Jirownlng.
"Where's your Wully Shak< speare
now? " cried :l hot Scotch In the gallery
of the Edinburgh Theater, rejoicing over
the Buccess of John Home's "Douglas."
"Where's your Ruddio Kipling now?" ap
to h» the unexpressed but secretly
exultant Interrogative of co-ordinate crit
icism in the West
Is It a Great PoemP
Of course this is all
Man With the Hoe" is not a great poem
in the st-ns^ that the. masterpieces of
Tennyson or Browning, or even Kipling,
are great poems. One may still hold to
the comparison with "The Marseillaise"
and the "©a Ira." But neither "The Mar-
Beillaise" nor the "Ca Ira" Is a great
poem. Both were great rallying cries, as
"The Man With the Hoe" may prove to
be. They voiced a prevalent and event
ually dominant mood. They possessed the
stormfu] energy of passionate protest. All
this is true likewise of the newer lyric.
But of all three it is true that they have
nrtt the majesty or authority of the high
est poetry.
And the fun of the thing is that Edwin
Marknam, or Charles Edwin Markham,.
| District Deputies Bhaler and Spencer.
The officers are Henry 11. Davis, M. W.;
George H. Cabaniss. !•'.; W. B. Stewart.
O.; W. M. Josephi, H.; M. Porter, F.; F.
Rothman, Rec; J. Henry, G.; A. Wheeler,
I. W.; J. Thompson, O. W. The selection
of .1 past master workman and medical
examiner was deferred until the next
meeting. This lodge was organized by
Dr. F. F. Lord and J. K. Slinkey.
Valley Lodge on last Wednesday night,
after the Initiation of four candidates,
: was treated to a surprise by the social
committee in the nature of a smoker and
a collation in addition to a programme
!of vocal and Instrumental music and
| story telling.
Magnolia Lodge has voted $300 to be
j used In the celebration of its twenty-first
anniversary, which will fall on the 10th
>>'' July. There will be a banquet for the
members and their wives at one of the
downtown dining rooms. C. T. Spencer
of this lodge has rmide arrangements to
form a lodge of the Degree of Honor, to
1■• '(imposed of the -wives and lady reia
'. tives of members of the lodge. It i« ex
pected that the lodge will be organized in
i a short time.
THE NATIVE SONS.
The membership of Mount Tamalpals
Parlor No. 64 has appointed Emmet Hay
den, W. F. "Magee, S. Herzog, A. E.
Scott. W. J. Eden, L. A. Hughes, F. M.
Angellotti and W. 8. Dreypolcher a com
mittee to arrange for a proper celebration
of the Fourth of July In Marln County
this year. It has extended an invitation.
to the parlors of this city and vicinity to
take part in the parade that will be held
in San Rafael.
AJtamont Parlor of Occidental, Sonoma
and came rushing: toward him, barking ferociously. The cur was as
large as Hodo and quite as formidable looking. The hound heard the
challenge and rushed to accept it, and the two dogs came together some
distance from the spectators. There was a fierce wrangle for the ad
vantage, and then those who were watching the contest saw Hodo
dragging the cur about by the neck and shaking him furiously. When
Hodo finally gave him his liberty the cur ran toward the negro quarters.
"I told you he wasn't a hound!" exclaimed Mr. Collingsworth. "If
he is, he's not a common hound."
"I agree with you there," said Joe Maxwell, laughing.
Returning from his encounter, Hodo went to Buster John and rubbed
his head against the youngster and followed him about. This, of course,
was very pleasing to Joe Maxwell; for ordinarily Hodo was very vicious
with stra/igers. and especially with children.
When supper, which was a very substantial meal, had been discussed,
Joe Maxwell railed for Buster John and the two went to the lot. On the
way there they were joined by Johnny Bapter.
"Show me where my horse is, Johnny Bapter," said Joe Maxwell.
"Ho right yonder, suh, in de best stall dey is. His legs all clean."
"Well, then. Johnny Bapter, I want fifteen ears of corn, not the big
gest, with sound ends, and two bundles of fodder. Put the corn in the
trough, untie the bundles of fodder outside, and whip as much of the dust
out of it as you can. And then place a bucket of water in one end of
the trough."
This was all very quickly and deftly done, for Joe Maxwell's tobacco,
as Johnny Bapter described it, "tasted like mo'," and the way to get
more was to look after that sorrel horse.
"I hope you are going along with us in the morning," said Joe Max
well to Buster John as they were returning to the house.
"Oh, I wish T could!" the boy exclaimed; "I'd give anything to go, but
mamma says I'm too young. She's afraid something will happen to me."
Young Maxwell laughed. "Why, I went fox-hunting before I was as
old as you. Mr. Dennis took me behind him twice, because I promised I
wouldn't hunt rabbits with his fox hounds."
"Please toll mamma that!" cried Buster John.
"I certainly will," said Maxwell.
And ho did. As soon as they went in the house he took Buster John
by the hand and went into the parlor where the lady was entertaining
her guests with music and conversation. She was in high good humor.
Her eye sparkled, and her laughter was pleasing to the ear.
"Come in, you two boys," she cried merrily. "Here's a comfortable
chair by me— shall I call you Mr. Maxwell? I used to call you Joe when
you were younger."
"Everybody calls me Joe," said Maxwell. "T have come to ask you a
favor. Will you allow Buster John to go hunting with us to-morrow
morning?"
"Why, who ever heard of such a thing?"
"Mr. Dennis, there, has heard of it— twice."
The lady looked at Mr. Dennis, who gave an affirmative nod. "How
would he go?" she asked.
"On my horse, behind me."
"What do you think of it, father?"
"Why. I think he will be perfectly safe with Joe."
"Let him go. by all means," said Mr. Dennis emphatically. "It wiil
help to make a man of him."
"But two on a horse in a fox chase? Why, it's ridiculous!" exclaimed
the lady. "The horse would break down in hali* an hour. "
"How much does Buster John weigh?" Joe Maxwell asked.
"Fifty-five," said Buster John, proudly.
"Then the horse would carry a hundred and forty pounds. Mr. Pen
nis weighs at least thirty pounds more than that, and .he's the smallest
man in the party."
There was nothing for the mother to do but give her consent, though
she gave it with many misgivings, as mothers will, and with many ad
monitions to Joe Maxwell to take care of the boy, which he faithfully
promised to do.
To make sure that he would not be left behind. Buster John begged
to be allowed to sloop in the room with Maxwell. This point was easily
carried, and the youngster went off to bed triumphantly, an hour earlier
than usual. He was asleep when the hounds were fed on warm corn
bread, fspeeially prepared for them; and he was far in the land of dreams
when, n little later, Joe Maxwell carried Hodo his supper, which Jemlmy
(bribed with tobacco for her pipe) had "saved out" for him. It was not
large in amount, but carefully selected, and no doubt Hodo enjoyed it,
for he made no complaint about it.
Bustor John, as has been said, went to bed happy and triumphant,
and it seemed to him that he had been in bed but a few moments when
he fill Joe Maxwell shaking and rolling him about in bed, and hoard
him cry out:
"Where's this famous fox-hunter who was to go along and tako .care
of me this morning? The horses are all ready, breakfast is ready (so
Jemlmy saysi, and everybody is ready except the Great North Ameri
can Fox-Huntor, known far and wide as Buster John. What can ba
the matter with him?"
In this way Bustor John was aroused to the realities, and he romem
bered with a thrill of delight that this was to be the day of .lays, ho
far as he was concerned. He leapt from the bed and was dresssed in a
jiffy.
"Don't wake the house, my son," said Joe Maxwell, solemnly. "There's
your overcoat your mother Bent up last night; the air is chilly this
morning. There was a cold rain during the night."
"But you have no overcoat," remarked Buster John.
as he used to sign himself, was a name
familiar to Eastern editors lons before
his Western critics discovered him. He
is now more than 50 years of age. and has
been contributing to Harper's and Scrib
ner"s and the Atlantic for nearly a quar
ter of a century. But not until the ap
pearance of "The Man With the Hoe" did
he wake up to find himself famous.
This fame has not turned his head. FT"
speaks modestly enough of his own per
formance to the reporters who flock to
him for Interviews.
"I am a man of the hoe." he said to one
of these. "1 am a child . > f the furrow.
All my youth was paused on a farm and
cattle range, am nfi thi hard, severe con
ditions thai pro with thai ■ fe. So when I
write of the man with the hoe 1 write to
sum.' extent of my own experience."
Mr. Markham has been for many years
the principal of a school in Oakinnd. Cat.
Ten years .-ig-i. he tells us. he made a visit
to a loan exhibition In San Francisco, and
then for the lirsi 'yie- saw Millet's paint-
Ing, "The Man \Vi:h the. Hoe."
Millet's Painting.
"I sat for an hour before the painting,
and all the time the tenor and power if
the picture was growing upon me. I saw
that this creation of the painter was no
mere peasant, no chance man In the
fields, but. he was rather a type, a symbol
of the toiler, brutalized thrcuph ' ing ages
of industrial oppression. 1 saw in this
peasant the Blow but awful degradation
of man through endless, In peic'sa and joy
less labor. I saw in the peasant betrayed
humanity, for, Cain to the contrary, we
are all more or less our brother's keeper.
This picture stuck in my mcmoTy for ten
years, until my Christmas vacation, and l
wrote out the impression of it that had
been springing up through my soul all
these years." ,;?
But we who now have a chance to read
Mr. Markham's verse in- its entirety can
recognize that in many a prelude to the
final utterance he breathed the same spir
it of altruistic love for the oppressed and
hatred for a system which produces un
conscious and .unintentional oppressors.
Here, for example, Is a little waif now
housed in his palace of art: '"/
Armageddon.
We sit here and whisper and wonder
Of tho woes that are coming: on earth.
When the stooped, silent tollers In thunder
Shall ask what" the ages are worth.
There'll be curses and cries for the reasons,
And a tempest of- feet on the stairs;
Anil klnK;< will turn white In their treasons
And prelates grow pale at their prayers.
There'll be there'll be beating of ham-
mers,
For the anarchs will gather ngatn;
There'll be knocking at gates— there."ll be
clamors
By night— there'll be whirlwinds of men.
Is not this "Tho Man With the Hoe" in
miniature?
County, has arrange! for tho celebration
of tho Fourth of July by a picnic and
barbecue at Alder Glen Park during tho
day and a grand ball in the evening- in
Native Suns 1 Mall. At the park F. F.
Williamson will be the president of the
day. Miss Lucy Palmer will rend the
Declaration of Independence and William
Cowan will deliver the oration.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The anniversary ball given by Golden
State Parlor in Vnion Square Hall on the
night of the 25th of May was one of the
delightful events in the history of the
parlor. There was a good attendance of
members and their friends, who, under
the supervision of the committ.ee. consist
ing of Misses M. Tietjen. A. Ackman. L.
Fahrenkrug, Rosa Day, L. Meyer and F.
yon Staden, enjoyed a very fine pro
gramme of dances. Golden State is a
live parlor and always has a host of
friends.
The members of Alta Parlor had a night
at the Steeplechase last week, and it was
such an enjoyable event that there is not
a member who is not glad that she did
not stay away.
Calaveras Parlor has elected Miss M
McFarland as its delegate to the Grand
Parlor. This parlor, which was instituted
but a few months ago, has now a mem
bership of thirty-five, and it is expected
that at the next meeting five more will be
initiated. At the last held meeting the
parlor was visited by Mrs. Lena Hilke
Mills, the grand president, and for her
benefit there was an exemplification of
the ritualistic and floor work. The visiting
ofllclal was loud in her praise of the work
of the officers, it being as perfect as any
The "Wail 'of the Wandering Dead" ex
presses the same Idea in another form:
Wan of the Wandering Dead.
Death, too, Is a chimera and betrays.
And yet they promised we should enter rest;
Death is as empty a.-< the cup of days.
And bitter milk Is in her wintry breast.
There is no worth in any world to come,
X' ;■ any In the world we left behind;
And what remains of all our mosterdom?
Only a cry nvit of the crumbling mind.
We played all comers at tb«* old 'Iray Inn,
But played the Klmk of Players to our cost. '
We played Him f:i!r nnil had no chance to win;
The ill< ' God w.r.' Loaded and we lost.
We wander, wander, and the nights come
down
With ftarless clarknpFß and the rush of rains;
\V" drift a? phantoms by the f=onsc!»ss town.
We drift as litter on the windy lanes.
Hope ip the fading vision of the heart,
A mo.-kiiiL- spirit throwing up wild hands.
S- " ■■ led us on with music at the start.
To leave us at dead fountains in the sands.
New nil ovr days are hut a cry Tor sleep,
V' y v.-c are «»art of the petty trife,
Is there n't somewhere in the endless deep
A place where we can lose the feel of life?
Where we can lip as senseless as th» dust
'I he nirht wind blows about a dried up well?
Where t; t* ': no more labor, no more lust
Not an; flesh to feel the Tooth of Hell?
Our fcrt arc over Flidine. and we pfm
A« ..'.: »nd weary as th" pyramids'.
f>W G"i! .• Aces, and dispel the dream.
Fo'd the worn hands and close the sinking-
II !■
TTi»r" '' n* now r*>«d for trip drad ti take;
Wild !■< -i.tr ore we inwnß Dip w -Ids astray —
Wilri hearts are we that cannot wholly break.
Bui linger on though life has gone away.
We .ire the sons of Misery and Rid;
Come, tender Death, with all your blushing
\vlni;s.
And let our broken spfrtts lie dispelled-?
Let o>arl men sink into the flask of tilings.
Finally, here is a little pnem in which
he expresses a true valuation of his own
verse, as a mortal and perishable thing,
yet a thing by which the immortal sense
of right shall be quickened into birth:
These Songs Will Perish.
These songs will perish like the shapes of air—
The Finger and the songs die out forever:
But star-eyed Truth (greater than sons or
singer)
Sweeps hurrying on: far off she sees a gleam
Upon a peak. Phe cried to man of old
To build the enduring, glad Fraternal State—
furies yet through all the ruins of the world-
Through Karnak. through the tronea of Raby
lon—
Cries for a moment through these fading songs.
On winged feet, a form of fadeless youth,
She goes to meet the coining centuries.
And, hurrying, snatches up some human reed
niuwg through it once her terror-ben note.
And brenks and throws away. It Is enough
If we can be a bugle at her lips.
To scatter, her contagion on mankind.
one could desire. This parlor.which has been
designated us "Thp Beauty Parlor" on ac
count of the largo number of young and
handsome native daughter! who be! r
to ft, promises to become one of the biom!
popular of tho city.
THE NATIONAL [JNION.
The assembly of the National Union toi
the State of California will meet In lt.-d
Men's building on Post street on the 10th
inst. at 2 o'clock in the afternoon for the
purpose of electing a representative to the
Senate, appoint an executive commlttty of
five and choose its officers. Past Prefllaeni
Fred H. Hastings, one of the mow ener
getic workers In the order, one who has
spent innumerable nights in visiting coun
cils in . and , out of the city t0 Propagate
the principles of the National Tnion will
be a candidate for the position of Si ato
representative, and if he has proportion
ately as many friends among the repre
sentatives to the assembly as he has. ln
the order at large he will be elected by an
overwhelming majority.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Last Tuesday night Court Yerba Buena
elected three officers to fill unexplred
terms and they will be installed next
Tuesday. There was an unusually large
attendance and during the evening there
were suggested means by which the court
can add to its membership.
Last night Court Apollo- gave an enter
tainment and dance In Mission Opera
Hall. 'Fnere was presented a good pro
gramme of entertaining numbers and the
dance was enjoyed by the many young
"Oh. T'm tough," replied Joe Maxwell. "I've been out to look after
my horse and dog. They are both prime, and the weather is primp. If
the fox we are going after is a friend of yours, you may as well bid
him good-by this morning-"
"He's very cunning," explained Buster John. "A great many dogi
have chased him. He is called Scar-Face."
"I've heard 'of him many a time," replied Joe Maxwell. "That's thoj
reason I'm here to-day. If he's in the neighborhood this morning, and »
you get a chance, tell him good-by."
"I think he knows all about this hunt," Buster John ventured to say.
"Oh, does ho? Well, it will be a mighty good, thing for him if he haa
moved his quarters; but we'll beat around and about and see if he won't
eive us a dare."
"I know where he used to stay," said Buster John. He didn't know
whether he was doing right or wrong. "Aaron showed me."
"Aaron? Well, Aaron knows all about it, and he knows a good deal
more than that. Some of these days I'm going to write a book about
Aaron."
"Sure enough?" cried Buster John. "I can tell you lots of things to
put in it. .1 can tell you things that nobody would believe if they hadn't
seen 'em."
"Well, I'll tell you what we'll do," said Joe Maxwell; "we'll make a
bargain:. You shall tail the fox to-day if you'll tell me all about Aaron."
Buster John agreed, and the two shook hands over the contract in thfe
most solemn fashion. In a few moments they were eating breakfast,
which was a very good one for that part of the country, even if tho
coffee was made of parched rye and sweetened with honey. Shortly
afterward the hunters were ready to ride to the field. It was still dark,
but dawn was beginning to show itself, and by the time the final start
was, made— the children's grandfather having to give some directions to
Aaron— dawn wits fairly upon them, and the chickens, were fluttfrir?
from their roosts.to the ground and walking dubiously about in the half
lifjht. '
Now old Scar-Face, confident of his powers, had done a very foolish
thing. During the night, and while the rain was still falling, he had
ventured to reennnoiter the Abererombie place. He came out of the
sedge field through the bars, crossed the road, and went sneaking as
far as the gin-house. Here he stopped and listened. The night was
still, but his quick ears heard noises that would have been Impercep
tible to human ears — the playful squeak' of a rat somewhere In the gin
house, a Held mouse skipping through the weeds, the fluttering of wings
of some night bird. He heard the barking of dogs. too. but not a strange
voice among them. He heard the Spivey catch-dog, with his gruff and
threatening bnrk. Far away he heard a hound howling mournfully. The
hound was evidently tied. Close at hand barked the cur that had chal
lenged Hodo; he had not yet recovered his good humor.
But not a strange voice came to his ears. This was easily accounted
for. The hounds that were to pursue him had been comfortably fed *
and were now fast asleep, while Hodo was curled up in shavings, dream
ing that be had bis mouth right on a fleeing fox. but couldn't seize him.
He whined and moved his limbs as he dreamed, and a prowling cat that
had paused to investigate the noise in the shavings flitted away. All
the sounds that came to old Scar-Face's ears were familiar; so, from
the gin-house he sneaked to the barn, as noiselessly as a ghost, pausing
on the way to listen. Hearing nothing, he went further until he was
under the eaves of the barn, in one end of which the horses of the hunts
men were stabled. Here he stopped and listened for some rime. What
could the silence mean? Peeping from the sedge-field during the after
noon he had seen more than one horse and rider pass along the road,
and several whiffs of strange dogs came to h!s sensitive nose. He con
cluded that these men and dogs meant another chase after him; but he
was not certain, and so came forth in the dark to investigate.
Usually when hounds are taken away from home and fastened up out
of sight of their masters some of the younger ones will get lonely an«l
begin to bark and howl. Old Scar-Face knew this well, but he didn't
know that seasoned dogs rarely ever make such a demonstration unless
thej are hungry. Consequently, when he heard no barking and howl
ing-, he was almost convinced that, after a night's foray, he could return
to the sedge-field and sleep undisturbed the next day. Still thero was a
doubt, nnd to rase his fears he decided to test the matter more fully.
On a fence near him a hen and half a dozen pullets were peacefully
roosting. Me crept up directly under the hen, gathered his strong legs
under him. leaped upward, and the next mompnt was cantering through.
the dry. weeds dragging the squalling hen by the wing. Surely the racket
was sufficient to alarm the plantation. At the bnrn he dropped the hen,
placed a forefoot firmly upon her, and held his head higli to listen.
There was certainly a loud response to the hen's alarm. The geese in
the spring-lot made a tremendous outcry, seconded by the guineas, but
the only dog that barked was the cur that made a mistake by attack
ing Hodo.
This certainly seemed to be a fair test, and old Scar-Face was satis
fied. He crushed the poor hen's neck in his cruel jaws, and put an end.
to her appeal for help. He was not very hungry, but hf> carried the hen,
home, promising himself a hearty breakfast in the morning. Ho ate a
good ration, however, and then curled himself snugly together until he
looked like :i big ball of yellow fur.
He was awake early the next morning, but before be was half through
his breakfast the light of day was beginning to creep under the briars,
when he heard a long, mournful wail at the Abercrombie place, followed
by another. How often he had heard this wail! It w;is the cry of fn\.
hounds. He stayed not to hear it repeated, but skipped out into the gray
dawn, like the shadow of fear stealing away from the light.
(End Part IX.j
I'l'lTl!,',,',',''' 1 '' '' W° l UlC ' ° ld ° nCS Ulltil a
HJKh ••i,i,i Ranger McElfresh has been
" 1 """" 1 i' 1 n darli room in his home In
1 " Anscli ; for several days in conse
;'!'; i: ' • "'' ; i" operation performed on bis
.!'" url:i Acacia, Priar Tuck, Madrone,
Alcyone and Ban Francisco held a meet
mk last rhursdaj nighi in li, <i Men's
building and made arrangements to give a
""""I'.'V social for members and ' their
lady trim, ls and such friends as they
might wish to invite
The re are good prospects for a new
court, at Han moon Bay.
THE AMERICAN GfUTLD.
At the meeting on the last Friday in
May Mill Valley Chapter No. 168 elected
the following named to serve for the cur
rent term: T.. L. Jar.es. l>. G.- J E
Bundy. <;.; w. K. Weaver, V. G. : John
Hurt, S. and T. : Mrs. M. C. SchlXiter C ■
B. Grethcl. W.; ('. J. Dowd, G.; Dr. j j'
BpottiSWOOd, M. X. ; W. K. Weaver. (\ J*
Dowd. B. Grethel, trustees. The new of
ficers were installed by Deputy Supreme
Governor R. W. McGarvie. Tins chanter
will give a social in Gerthel'a Hall Mill
valley, on the Bth lnst, and as the ladies
have promised a fine collation and plenty
of Icecream it is almost an assured fact
that there will he a large attendance, and
a. good tune for all The chapter bids fair
to add a number of strangers to its metn-
Dcrsnip.
THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Tent at its meeting on
the last Friday in May had a large at
tendance of members and many visitors
EdWia J^larkha .
it being the smoker night. There was a
first-class programme and Sir Knight Un
pr of Los Angeles, the -one man brass
band, entertained with his specialties for
some time. Sir Knight Powell of Sacra
mento Tent was present to receive in
struction in the initiatory work, and he
was bo wen pleased with the work of the
team that he mad., arrangements to have
the am visit the capital city and confer
the degrees on a number of candidates
thn«,« a ™ r h mento - Ten t - He Promised that
"in h who go to the city of the plains
£ri™£ , tak v en care of - Aft(r the pro
ferV™.™ in «£« ™»enti and cigars were
thpr« th c ° I . '"l-t hall, and while
I h fT ,♦ * Slr^ Kn , ] lts were honored by
Hivi L f f m the ladies of San Francisco
SSI w n a d S s tarr;d Pr Sramnie of entertai»
ro^ill7 U t esda n ! ißht Golden West Tent
received twenty-five applications, which
ao/on^H re L to committees. Fourteen
fpnnf «? ,'? ndWlltt ' 8 were Initiated by the
o¥£l<?A c tent in good style. This in
creased the t membership to 2 03 - During
tne evening there was an instructive talk
? ' h(1 m ' w m m , , by Deputy Supreme
Commander J. M. Ermenns. This was
followed by a musical programme, im
promptu, but none the less acceptable,
and an address by a Sir Knight on the
importance of avoiding delay in the pay
ment of all tent dues. The speaker also
took occasion to pay a high compliment
i»u e t l fficlency of Deputy Ermerins. who,
with the j assistance of the membership,
succeeded in a period of two months In
increasing the membership from 35 to 203,
a record which entitles him to the honor
or being the most energetic deputy in the
fraternal field of San Francisco. The tent
Continued on Page Thirty-Two.THE WEEK AT THE THEATRES
And now for more opera. Like the
ri< h. it is alwa\s with us. Impre
sarios s»>pin to regard San Francisco
as an operatic Klondike, and as long
a? they give us good shows we ran
stand ihe slur. I am alluding espe
cially to the Lambardi Italian Grand
Op<»ra Coi ira Milan, via South
Mexico and Southern
rornla, which opens for us to-morrow
nis-ht in ift^ California Theater. Often
In th" past have valuable Little I
of singers ipon us from the
unuth, and it is ii"t excessive optim
ism I b imething unique and
good from 1 rdi's band. They
led by the horns and
drums of stoul promises; they « imo
1.-s Angeles, whose
muf: ■ Lhey have .iust lifted by
the ears, and only ask a fair hearing.
For a week they will sins: In the <'ali
forn'.a Theater. If that week is
enough U. as nul >tlyas
they will have i i 1 we will think
about then) no more. It' that .week is
jh, they will move <<ut to the
Alhambra and continue indefinitely, for
their ranks arc numerous and th°iv
repertory ■ Win or lose, they
will sing at prices that range from $1 50
down. I hear all manner of amiable
and curious things about the Lam
bardi company. For one. the principal
Finders outnumber the chorus. It is
. Lambardi has enough prin
cipals to provide three distinct casts
for every opera in the repertory.
Judging from his list, which counts
thirty-five, this is no summer
jest. A sure throat or stolon tiara will
not necessitate a change of bill at the
nth hour. Several of these sing
ers are solemnly described as wonders
by the L i ■- critics. All Italian
nam' ilike to me until I hear
the singers who bear them, so i will not
attempt to anticipate the individual
excellencies ->f theße thirty-five Los
Ange Just a few will
serve the moment. By private letter
from a man who ought to know lam
told ■ ' rytone such j-.s
we have not heard In yearß. You will
- were woeful
ly shy during the Ellis season. Salassa,
.r. has a voice of sumptuous tone
■ fine dramatic meth< id. He 1
1 to round the roof to-morrow
In the "Pagilacci" prologue,
r, is another con
spicuous lion v cialty is robust
r lea. Among the soprani is a young
woman by the name of Sostlgini, said
to I-' possessed of a voice of prreat
range and limberness and singular
The Lambardi photographs
that I have seen display men of comely
features and some style; the women
principals are -ling from an
anatomical view; and th*> chorus Is
homely enough to kill the calcium.
But thepe wrong-faced choristers can
ping, I understand, to beat th>-> hand.
The clothes and stage furniture <>f the
Lambardi company are said to be no
great shakes. "But." to cpiote my cor
respondent, "while the trappings aril
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^*
LAST 6 NIGHTS!
Monday Night
FIRST TIME
ON ANY STAGE
ANEW
COMEDY
By EVA FOSTER RIGGS,
—Presented by —
T* H E
KELCEY-
SHANNON
CO/VIPANY.
A ROM i: OF THE SOUTH
REALISTIC in CHARACTER.
QUAINT IN ITS HUMOR.
Produced With Special Regard to
SCENIC SURROUNDINGS
AND STfiGE DETAIL.
Tne Tit c, Selected from Public
Suggestion, Will Be Announced
from the Sta?e Monday Night.
Juno 12— Inaugural of
•v HENRY MILLER'S GRKAT CO m
SUTRO BATHS. .
SUNDAY. JUNE 4, AT 2:30 p. 11.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN, •'><■.
Bathing, Including: Admission, 25; Children, 20c.
OPEN NIGHTS.
suits of modern meretricious perform
ances may be conspicuous by their ab
sence, while the giddy fairy may not
dominate the chorus, and while the
Btage manager may not have received
his education at the London Lyceum,
the hone and sinew of an operatic com
pany is all there." Bone and sinew
sound well and are good things to
have; and Mr. Wyatt, the' manager,
promises me that the homeliness of the
chorus will be diluted by a handsome
bunch of damsels from the local Italian
colony; and as there are several shops
in town that make a business
of renting decent opera costumes,
it is possible to triumph over
some of these material difficul
ties. And the orchestra, which here
tofore numbered a beggarly dozen
instruments, will for us be swelled to
thirty. However, to-morrow night will
tell the tale. 1 am not much given to
booming the unknown and unheard,
but from all signs it seems to me that
the town ought to turn out to-morrow
night and find out for itself of what
stuff these modest Lambardisare made.
Btill speaking of opera only of an
other kind. I havo never heard any
thing quite so banal musically as "The
Prlnci ss Nicotine," which the s iuth
weii company has i : with dur
ing the past week. The composer !s
William Furst, known and loved here
for a lor.g spell of bright, original
work. Furst is the cleverest li^ht
a leader the Tlvoli ever had, and
he showed musicianliness and vigorous
Invention in hi:-- grand opera, "1
dora." which was produced in the little
opt ra house around the rTn< •■ some ten
years ago (and subsequently worked
over by the Bohemian composer In the
form of Incidental music for Frohman
and Haynian play,--). Hut Furst left us
for the wider metropolis, where he '■ k
to leading theater orchestras and wi it
ing i ■ . .;;, h per yard.
or mile. And his finish found him. It
takes a particularly sensitive ear to
find how much worse is oni recent
Furst opera than another, but I will
swear that "The Prin Ni otii ■ " has
less tune to the acre than anything
else in Mr. Purst's collected properties.
It isn't even d scently stolen. Occasion
ally you catch a snatch of Bomel
good music, but in the next bar it is
submerged in the hopeless common
placpness of the composer's own. It is
music without color, without tune,
without motion. The orchestra and
company go through all the sound
and gesture of a real comic oj
There Is a character song for the
comedian, a warble song for th<
prano, and trios, quartets and finales
in which the brass blows and the drums
thump and the hardwai ■ -but
no music comes '"it of it. Yon have
• i the street pr a< her whose
motions and pulpit-business might be
Henry Ward Beecher's, but whose
words are :; tireless stream of nothing?
"The Princess Nicotine" affected me In
the same way. I admire the Southwell
company for the most complete comic
< pera organization that ever OC(
a permanent place in our ainusemtnts.
and would encourage rather than chill
its enterprise in producing pieces that
are new to us, but as l live I would
rather sit to a revival of even "The Bo
hemian Girl" than to such, stuff as
"Nicotine."
Besides singers yet unheard we are
promised on Monday night in the Co
lumbia, a play as yet unacted and un
titled, from the pen of Mrs. E. F. Rigrgs,
a Southern woman. Herbert Kelcoy and
EfTip Shannon will produce it and a
prize of $100 will be given the lucky
suja:g:estor of the most suitable title. In
the theatrical business the name of a
play is a very important detail, and a
good one is easily worth the price of
fered. I hope that the play may be of
equal value. That, too, is a matter to
be settled later. After several readings
AMUSEMENTS.
I i||||pik PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT! p^^^p JUNE' 12 I
IjjKO Fhe COLUMBIA THEATER j
♦ tfSb^ti^*^^^* M "' CHARLES FROHIHAN PRESENTS .
+ jT^m£^/ ■* - ■ *n '■ h j ♦
♦ 1/>JK In Henry Arthur Jones' * * HT* W w F^^ I #/I r-% tf— » * 9 ♦
X Brilliant Comedy .... / JTJ CL L** I/Al\ £3 X
■"■>". __J Boxes and Seats Ready Next Thursday at 9A. M. X
4- —___ a
4 the company! THE PLAYS FOR THE SEASON: I
+ E.J.MORGAN, MARGARET ANGLIN, MRS. THOS. WHIFFEN, '<THF ||adc» •<HP fl n T cc ace •> I
>- CHAS. WALCOT. LOUISE THORNDYKE BOUCICAULT, " >m-, rv kni r|Lttl\lStH&t ▼
■f MARGARET DALE, GUY STANDING, C. LESLIE ALLEN "LORD AMD LADY fILGY a
+ BLANCHE BURTON, JAMES LINDSAY. MARIE DESICKSON, " T HE ADVENTURES OF LA D URSULA" +
EARLE BROWN JOSEPH ADELMAN, FRANK E LAMB, " BROTHER OFF'CE r^S " "JULIUS CAESAR" >
T THOMAS WHIFFEN, MINNA ROEHN, HARRY SPEARS, Etc. "HAMLET" Etc., Etc. t
' +
CALIFORNIA THEATER,
Beginning MONDAY LVENiNG, June 5
LAMISARDI GRAND
ITALIAN OPERA COMPANY
FROM MILAN.
REPERTOIRE FOR THE FIRST WEEK:
Monday "CAVALLERIA RI'STICANA"
And "I PAGLIACCI"
Tuesday "LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR"
Wodm-^lay "ERNANI"
Thursday "M ANON LESCAI T"
Friday "RIOOLETTO"
Saturday Matinee
"LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR"
Saturday "IL TROVATORE"
§ Popular Prices. All Beats Reserved.
Entire ground floor $100
Balcony SOc, 76c and $1 00
Gallery 2r>c
Bex and Logo Seats $150
NEXT ATTRACTION, SUNDAY. June 11,
That Much-dlscufeed French Farce,
THE TURTLE.
Presented by BJABELLE EVEBBON, SKI-
NOR PERUOrNI, OEOROE HOLLAND, ADA
DEAVES, MARION IiALLOU and Important
Others. /V-r
Duilflv GREAT REALISTIC
WAR PANORAMA!
flf Prof. W. a. ROLLINS.
* . the eminent orator,
mm a . lectures half hourly.
/YlOrillO kUrket «t.; nr EleHth.
Admission 50c.
Bay! j^^^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, eTUNE 4, 1899.
of the printed plot that is furnished to
the contestants for the title prize I ana
come to the conclusion that either I am
;i very bad reader or the m; n who
K"t it up a very bad writer; and with
all modesty I am Inclined to give my
self the !)• nefll of the doubt. The most
of this printed story deals in events
thai ti»>i< place twenty years before the
curtain rises cm the first act. A simple
intelligence like my own finds much
difficulty in mastering the complica
tions that follow this "period of titn<>
elapsed," as they are set forth in the
documents, but I dare say that Mr.
Kelcey, Mips Shannon and their asso
ciate players will puncture th-so mys
teries very nicely iii the performance.
As I try to make it out. one of the big
situations in this new comedy is where
the young woman mistakes the man
who subsequently marries her to be her
long-losi father. [ may be wrong, but
T think that is what la Intended by the
BcenaHo. Certainly it is a novel com
plication. It docs not pay t«, trust ton
much to the public, and I ima.gino that
the author, actors and managers have
in readiness a little title of their own
in case a l>> ttor one should not drop in
from the outside.
ALCAZAR 11 ™
TO NIGHT, BUNDAT. AT 8.
AND ALL NEXT WKKK,
America's Greatest Actor,
LEWIS MORRISON,
Supported iii- Dip Talented Actress,
FLORENCE ROI3EMTS,
in His Cre.-it Creation,
HAMLET.
Chronicle "Lewis Morrison presented a
(tralKhtforward picture "t Hamlet, iil^ support
was food and setting!* and costumes hand-
sotne."
Next Tin: MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
...OLYMPIA...
Fuldv St.. Cor. Mn«n.
America's Most Hpnutiful Music Hall.
MORE GREAT NEW STARS.
WALDO andELLIOTT,
Sensational Aerial Artiste.
GbO. H, WILSON,
Comfdlan and Dancer.
ANTONIO VARGAS,
Favorite Barytone.
WITH FAVORITES FROM LAST WEEK
MAKING AN EXTRA STRON'i BILL.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
California.
This is the Lambardi company's reper
tory for the week of grand opera: ilon
day, I'Cavallerla Rustlcana" and "I Pa£
liacd;" Tuesday, "Faust;" Wednesday,
"l.iiiiy;" Thursday, "Nonu;" Friday,
"Cavaileria Etustic&na ' and "I Pagliaeol;"
Saturday matinee, "Lucia di Lammer
nioor;" Saturday, "Uigoletto."
The notorious French farce. "The Tur
tli-." opens in thu California a week from
t< -night.
The name of the winner of the $100 prize
offered for the best title to Mrs. Riggs'
new play, wil! be announced from the
Columbia stage to-morrow night. The
play la laid to '>•■ one of. atmosphere, after
tin mode of "Alabama/ and Us scenes
and characters are Southern.
"The abandoning of a child by the
father, who is deceived into so doing by
the machinations of a jealous woman, and
the mistaking by the child, after growing
Into womanhood, of another man for her
father; the falling In love ..f the mistaken
father with the who thinks he is her
father owing to the fact that he bears n>>r
n al parent's name by virtue of an order
of court; the delicate mission Of bringing
.together the real father and daughter by
the lover these," says a late press
. "furnish the main theme or the
com< dy."
\ great deal of Interest In holne taken In
th ming engagement of Henry Miller
nt thr Columbia. Tie will be supported by
a host of Rood people, including Edward
J. Morgan, an actor of extreme power and
distinction, and Mar^nret Anfrlin. who re-
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main f.S2.
Lasi Night of "THE PRINCESS NICOTINE. 11
TO-MORROW EVENING,
GRAND DOUBLE BILL!
THE PIRATES of PENZANCE
AND
I PAGLIACCI.
Reserved Scats, 25c and 50c; Gallery. 15c.
Branch Rnx Office Just inside main entrance
Emporium.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
A MATINEE EVERY DAY.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
VISIT LUNETTE in the LONDON MAZE.
RIDE ON THE GALLOPING HORSES.
This Sunday Afternoon,
Wire Walk by DU BELL.
The Successor of BLONDIN.
The Successor of BLONDIN.
ENTER LAMBARDI AND
HIS THIRTY-FIVE STARS
A PROMISING EXPERIMENT IN ITALIAN GRAND OPERA
Cently played Roxane to Richard Mans
field's Cyrano. Charles Walcott. Guy
Standing and Blanche Burton are also of
the company. The opening piece will be
Henry Arthur Jones' comedy of manners,
"The" Liars." In which John Drew has
made a success.
Alcazar.
■Lewis Morrison. Miss Roberts and the
regular Alcazar stock company will pre
sent "Hamlet" all of this week at the
little playhouse on O'Parrell street. Next
week "Tho Master of Ceremonies" will be
the attraction. "Romeo and Juliet" is in
prospect, but the announcement is not yet
made* whether Mr. Morrison will be thf
Romeo. Mark Thai] leaves for New York
shortly, with an eye tv new plays and
players.
Grand Opera-House.
Both kinds of opera a^ain by the South
wells. Next week £hey will appear at the
Grand Opera-house In » double bill of "1
Pagllacci" and "The Pirates of Pen
zance." in the former Miss Mason will
appear as Nedda, her Impersonation of
which the Eastern press declares to be
excellent. Mr. Persse will sins? Canio and
Mr. Goff Tonio. In "The Pirates of l en
sance" Miss Julie Cone, a new Caluornia
prima donna, who has lately returned
from New York, will appear as Mabel.
Her last appearance here was as the prin
cipal support of fftiille, the tenor, in
scenes from grand opera. Mr. Wolff, as
the Major General, will present a likeness
of the eommanaer-in-chief of the British
army, whom Gilbert satirised in this role.
Tivoli.
"The Merry War," .Tnhann Strauss'
comic opent. will be revived ;it the Tivoli
thi? week. The opera has not been Eung
li<-r. for five years, arid a careful and wvll
conceived production is promised by the
capable members of the Tivoli company.
To all lovera of light opera "The merry
War' is known. It Is full of waltzes from
beginning to end anfl written in the must
| ,_ AMUSEMENTS.
WEEK COMMENCING V SUNDAVMYIATINEE, June 4.
/\ GREAT NEVA/ DOUBLE BILL!
! JOHNSTONE BENNETT'S VAUDEVILLE CELEBRITIES,
in conjunction THE ORPHEUM'S BIG STARS.
Coast Debut- in Vaudeville of the Imperial Comedienne,
MISS JOHNSTONE BENNETT,
Assisted bj ANTONIO WILLIAMS,
In Messrs. Lew Rosen and Kenneth Lee's Best Comedy,
"A QUIET EVENING AT HOME."
The Talk of Two Continents.
mysterious IHJULIIINI mystifying
The King of Handcuffs'. The Great Trunk Mystery! The Premier Card Manipulator!
. Assisted by MISS BEATRICE HOUDINI, in the Most Startling Act of the Tear.
McAVOY AND MAY, The Cyclonic Comedians
CASWELL AND ARNOLD, Etattaafc Ctaslj Acrobats.
CLIFFORD and HUTH, I HENRI FRENCH,
America's Best Comedian and Comedienne. . I .The Juggling Bicyclist, the Talk of the City.
'-';"-C";i Last "Week of the Two Great Cards.
MOUNG TOON and MOUNG CHET, I MONTGOMERY and STONE,
The Burmese Wonders. I ■ Beau Brummels of Vaudeville.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JUNE 4, P^S t :r',oc 3c .ny"« y '
UNION COURSING PARK. GLEN PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, monster biZZ~this Sunday.
CLASSICAL EVENTS FREE a^ R Jma\- cur
OPEN AND EXTRA STAKES. " rtllU rtlVlftlCUl\
120-NOMINATIONS-120 V/AIIDFVII I F
JlOOO-PRIZE MONEY-JlOOO • VrtUULW lUI-L,
TRAIN SERVICE: - SHOW !
Special trains leave Third and Towneend r» . A AkI , f»nm!f<iAn •
streets. Saturday 10:30 A. M and 12:55 P. M.. Pif I Ofl\ 4\fTN>Nl\"
Sunday 11 A. M.. 12 M. and IP. M. Twenty- UALIAj\JI\ iIJvL 11*311/ 1" i
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning from Park Immediately after last Pony Races, Pole arid Ladder Climbing:,
course. Extra train from Park on Sunday at Contests for Cash Prizes Open to All.
4:45 P. M. San Mateo Electric Cars every ten ADMISSION 10 CENTS.
mlnUte8 ' — ;__ , San Mateo Electric Cars Run Direct to Chil-
ADMISSION-25 CENTS: LADIES FREE. dren's Playground.
By Asbtor) Stevens
delightful style of the waltz king. Grade
PJaisted will reappear after an absence
of nearly three years. Frank Coffin will
make his reappearance, too, in the rote
of Ricardo, and Edwin Stevens will be
happily cast as Balthasar Groot. a tulip
grower from Holland. Charlotte Beck
wit h. who is becoming a valuable number
to ttu- favorites of the company, will ap
pear as Theresa, and Annie Meyers will
sing Violetta.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum's new bill includes John
stone Bennett's vaudeville celebrities In
conjunction with the Orpheum's regular
list of stars. At the head of the bill is
Jonnstone Bennett herself, she who at
tained lame as the mannish woman In
"Jane." and later as th<- star of the "Fe
male Drummer." She appears at the Or
pheum in a sketch written for her by Lon
Rosen of London, and said to be very
funny. During the run of the playlet
Miss Bennett Introduces no less th;m five
different characters. She is assisted by
Antonio Williams, himself a clever come
dian. A feature is expected in Houdlni.
the "King of the Handcuffs." He is cred
ited with giving one of the most interest
ing and mystifying exhibitions of tricks
with cards, illusions, and cabinets ever
witnessed on a vaudeville stage. McAvoy
aful M.-iy. the cyclonic comedians, are re
garded as the big comedy cards, and Cas
well and Arnold, pantomimic acrobats,
are said to be very clever. The holdovers
Include Clifford and Huth. H«i,ri French,
Moung Toon, and Montgomery and Stone.
Olympia.
The Olympiads new people include
Waldo and Elliott, vrho are said to be
very clover as acrobats and trapese per
former.-., and George Wilson, who Is
claimed to be one of the best dancers.
The Chutes.
At the Chutes next week Mr. and Mrs.
Keesing will make their vn«ril debut in
this city. Earl Way and Madge Maitland
wMI present a new "coon" specialty. Gene
Hughes and Lena Crews Hughes, direct
from th<' Keith theaters, will appear in
"A Matrimonial Substitute." This after
noon Dv Bell, a rival of the late Blondin.
will w.-ilk across a wire stretched from the
end of the chutes Theater to Clayton
street, a distance of nearly 1000 feet.
Debut of Miss Nellie Bowlin.
Miss N'eiii.- Bowlin, a young San Fran
cisco gir]. will make her professional de
but as a dramatic reader at Sherman &
Clay Hall next Thursday evening. She
will be assisted by well-known local tal
ent and several special features will be
Introduced to make the programme un
usually attractive. Miss Bowlin will give
several [io( ms that have brought her con
siderable reputation In" private circles.
Among them will be "The Man With the
Hoe." Kipling's "Recessional" and "The
Vampire."
Another California Girl Success.
Hardly a week passes without bringing
up news of the success of s.imc Califor
nia girl on the stage. Pretty Boon we will
\.e reckoning actreasea among the chief
products of this resourceful State. Fol
lowing Blanche Bates' triumphs in New
York and Washington, conies news of the
prodigious success made by Beth Frank
ly n with the Lyceum Stock Company of
Baltimore. Although Miss Franklyn is
a nativ • of this city and an actress of
versatile resources we are acquainted
with only one phase of nor work. We
saw her as "de Duchess" in "Chimmie
Fadden." During the stork season in
Baltimore she lias played all sorts of
parts, from the flip to the emotional, and
the Baltimore critic; fcive her as much
praise In serious as in comedy work. One
promineni writer says that her Louise in
"The Two Orphans" ib better than Kate
Claxton'a at its best.
Musical Mention.
After three years' study with Clodto
in New York, Miss (Daisy) Mac Cressy
will return to San Francisco and give a
song recital in the Si.erman and Clay
Hall on the evening of June 15.
Outer World
The Washington papers are thick with
compliments of Frank Mafhieu, who is
playing with the Frawleys In the capital
city. In a recent production of "The
Wife" Myron Calico was taken ill and
Mr. Mathieu had to take his part, that
of Matthew Culver, the villain, at short
notice. He was nervous at first, hut be
fore- the night was over achieved a dis
tinct success.
Charles Krohman is reported to have
said, after the curtain fell on the first
performance of the Adams revival of
r 'Romeo and Juliet," on Monday evening
of last week: "T am going to make a bid
for the Western rißhts to that play. I
think it would be a hit in that section
of the Country." Maude Adams is to ap
pear in New York January 1 in a new
Barrie play. Mr. Frohman thinks of let
ting her try "As You Ltke It" or
"Twelfth Night" next season.
, Sarcey came out on top in his ex
change of wit with Coquelin. Hlfl first
article said: "Coquelin finds that I am
growing old. Alas, we all grow old, my
poor friend. You have just discovered
that for yourself in playing Bonaparte.
You divide my life into two parts; up to
1880 I was the national critic; after that I
became foolish. I think you an' mistaken.
The lines of division are not so simply
drawn. I have my days, like everybody,
and. which is extraordinary, my days cor
respond with yours. When you played
Petrucio in Mejfere apprivoisee I waa the
next day full of talent and Intelligi
You no sooner played Fanfan de Tulipe
than I became an idiot. You playpd
Labrissiere in "Thermidor" and 1 again
became the national critic. You played
Ohnei's Colonel Roquebrune and again I
fell. You played Cyrano de Berger.ic and
I reached theclouds. You play Bonaparte
and I become an old fool. Oh, my
Coquflin; I pray you, play only fro. mi rod -.
and play them always perfectly. If you
will not do this for your sake, do it for
mine."
Mrs. Craigie's three-act blank verso
tragedy, "Os-born and T'rsyne," which has
been bought by George Alexander, is
published in the June number of T^ady
Randolph Churchill's new quarterly.
"Change Alloy" has received a fiercer
slating thrin the English papers often ac
cord to any play.
# The Sunday Call, 82 <&.
* pages, delivered at your *
home by mail for $1 50 &
♦ a year. Subscribe for it. ♦
♦ * -.':,■.:■. ♦
AMUSEMENTS.
fiSil^iJoiisL
LAST NIGHTS OF
the: mascot.
MONDAY EVENING. June sth.
Scenic Revival of Johann Strauss' Masterpiece,
THE
MERRY
WAR.
Krappea ranee of Everybody's Favorite.
GRACIE PLAISTED.
SLTERB CAST 1
SPLENDID SCENERY!
CORRECT COSTIMEB!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
PRICES - ■ - ■ 25c and 50c
TEL PHONE BUSH 9.
THE WEEKLY CALL;
61 per Year.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD,
BUMMART OF THE MARKET:"
Silver weaker.
"Wheat firm and unsettled.
Other certsJs dull.
Hay d«*J. Feedslufljß unchanged.
Beans and Seeds Inactive
Potatoes lower. Onions steady.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry due.
H-.mcr and EgK» unchanged.
Cneese very weak.
Cherries and Apricots arrive In bad cen-Jl
(lot.
BerrUs continue htsh.
Peaches came in from the river.
Provisions In good demand.
Meat market unchanged.
Hank clearings still Increase.
Larjer coinage of the Mint.
DRIED FRUITS IN NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial nays:
"Special reports from sixteen counties in ;
Texas received up to date are to the effect
that there will be few poaches raised there .
this season. Th estimates vary with different j
locations, but in no case will they be above j
three- fourths, while in many cases the trees j
did not bloom at all. Conditions are favorable |
for the growers who have a small crop. |
"Lest year tho yield of the same counties j
■was some thousands of cars, which shows
what th» less to producers will be' this seiison.
While drying has not been carried an very ex
tensively' a* regard* Texas peaches, the short- ]
otre th( re will create a fctrongrer demand lur i
fresh fruit from the drying sections, and thus
roduce the supply available for drying. Spot
stocks an- practically exhausted, and it would
be difficult to secure any considerable blocks
lrom llrst hands. Prices rule firm, and con
cession thouch frequently asked, •-■ nearly
always refused. Tre.de is Quiet, and limited
to only small lots. Stocks on the coast are out
of first I Binds and all supplies are held stiff.
"Apriccts passed from lirst hands si me j
wseks ago, anc: second hands are very mm |
In their views regarding the price to be paid. j
Buyers are not anxious, because it will be
only a short time when the new crop will come
in and the supply of fresh fruits prevents any
special demand for ild goods '• ■'■■■ So far as
known, no sales of new crop foods have re
sulted from reported offers of >'.•<•, or there-,
abouts, for export. Lower quotations are ex- ;
pected later, aa offerings so .lar have been lor
speculative purpoees alone.
"Prunes are unchanged. It Is practically Im
possible to make any definite statement, but it i
Is quite ICk-Iy that many holders would dis
pose of supplies below the market to save the |
expense of carrying over until next seat*, a
"Raisins are quiet, after the reported sale of
a number of cars tor outside dealers. Condi
tions otherwise are unchanged, the market be
ing held steady by Short supplies and a dis
position to prevent price cutting so far as I
possible."
FRUITS AND SALMON IN ENGLAND.
California fruits continue to move off stead
ily into consumption, and prices are well main
tained, says the London Grocers' Gazette of
May 20. For the 1599 pack some amount of
business has been done at high prices; pack- !
ers generally are at present, however, disin- !
clined to make firm offers. The only ship- ;
ment of Frnser River salmon to London this
season has arrived this week, the Celtic Race
bringing 80.0SS cases, of which a considerable
proportion has been sold to arrive. The mar
ket remains In much the same condition as |
reported during the past few weeks, buyers :
and sellers continuing to hold aloof.
CANNED FRUITS IN NEW YORK.
Mall advices from New York say; "Trade in
California canned goods continues heavy, even
though prices were withdrawn some tlma ago
and no new quotations have been given out.
There are many conflicting stories regarding
the combination of packers on the cnast, but
aside from the preliminary deals nothing has
leen arranged as yet. and, according to the
t est Information obtainable, nothing will be
pllshed before fall. The discussion has
feet on the market, but probably does not
limit sales In any degree."
COINAGE OF THE MINT.
The coinage of the local Mint Jn May was
$8.4*4,817, against 18,192,000 in May, 1395, and
consisted of. $2,850,000 In double eagles, $500,000
In dollars, $32,000 In half dollars, $22,000 In
quarter dollars and $417 In dimes. . The coln
ag-e for the first eleven, months of the fiscal
year was $60,464,201, against $43,254,941 for the
tame time In IS9B.
AUSTRALIAN GOLD.
The Alameda brought up from Sydney $730,
--290 In sovereigns, making $8,042,927 thus far
this year and $46,413,802 since the beginning of
this movement In August, 1397.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearing! last week were $17,18©,-
E64. . against $15,033,978 for the same week In
1898.
WEATHER REPORT.
(12flth Meridian. Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 3. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Fresno 80 San Diego 64
Los Angeles 70 ; Sacramento 80
Red Bluff £4 Independence It
Ban Luis 0b15p0.... 63. Turn* 82
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
•0; minimum, 50; mean, 56.
■WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the Pa
cific Coast and has fallen decidedly over the
upper Missouri Valley. A pressure of 29.22
Inches Is reported at Bismarck, with a rain
fall of 1.36 Inches.
The temperature has risen decidedly in Cali
fornia, Nevada and Arizona. In the Sacra
mento Valley the temperatures are above the
normal. Maximum temperatures exceeding SO
degrees are reported In the valleys of Califor
nia.
A thunderstorm Is reported at Kal lapel. • No
rain has fallen In California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, June 4, 1599:
Northern California — Sunday; continued
warm weather In the Interior; northwesterly
winds; fog on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Utah— Fair; warmer Sunday.
Arizona— warmer Sunday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday,
with fog In the morning: fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TOUK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 3.— Yesterday's sharp up
turn In prices haul tha effect of encouraging
the formation of ,a bull party In the stock
market, and they ma.de It sufficiently ob
vlotiH at the opening of the trading and even
before that they had fixed upon the storks
of new steel combinations and a few other
Industrial specialties us the most promising
fltld for operations. Tips were disseminated
through Inspired sources and by pub
lication of coming: dividend declarations
on several of these properties and
their fries were bid up In an unosten
tatious, way at the opening. There was not
the expected enthusiasm, however. In sup
porting prices, either by the outride demand
or by the professional traders. The higher level
of prices Invited profit-taking by some of the
buyers of yesterday, and the advance came
to a standstill. There was a hardening of
prices on covering by shorts In expectation of
a favorable bank statement. But the statement
wan, on the contrary, unfavorable, and the
Ealns which had b"i?n established by the bull
clique were quickly marked out. -There was
very little liquidation Induced by the decline,
nnc the closing was quiet and somewhat Ir
regular In tone and stowed net losses In the
majority of cases. The holiday In London
deprived the market of what has been a
so-.irce of strength In the last few days. West
ern Union, Brooklyn Transit and Sugar showed
evidences or rather acute weakness, and In
the railroad li** Northern Pacific and the coal
ers were centers of depression. Fractional
gains were retained In a few stocks, *uriy ad
vancen not being entirely wiped out lii the
Iron and steel group. The bank statement was
v. surprise, as It was expected that the liquid
ation In the stock market would have resulted
Jr. a contraction of loans and a decrease in de
posit liabilities. Instead of this there was
a Fir>all Increase In loans.
'Die decrease in cash was expected, and was
flue to the engagement of gold for export and
to losses to the banks by reason of the small
r::ccss .if revenue returns over Government ex
penditures which Is now the rule. | There was
very little business transacted In the bond
market and price changes were small.
•Mi- short week on the Stock Exchange has
bf?n characterized by a dazzling campaign and
quick retreat by the bear* They found a
number of conditions in their favor when they
returned to the Btr«t on Wednesday after the
throo days' holiday, and they sold stocks with
great confidence and soon broke the market.
The exhaustion of margins on the decline
brought out a flood of lone stocks which en
abled the shorts to cover extensive lines at Ii
yoo<l profit. Probably the most Influential fac
tor In determining the bear attack, woe the
abandonment if the purpose to sustain the
prices of the new Amalgamated Copper stock
at or above oar. The 575,0b0,000 of stocks of
this organization was largely oversubscribed at
par and the payment of subscriptions was com
pleted a week an • Monday. The subscribers
wore understood to Include some of the most
powerful interests In the country and the new
Ftorl: was supported at or above par oil last
week in face of a very languid public demand
When the price was allowed to slump to B.'. on
Wednesday and Thursday in the outside market
it was Interpreted to mean that the powerful
backers were not- disposed to combat the reac
tionary tendency la prices for the present.
Fortified by acquleecenoe on the part of the
element which bad frustrated previous attempts
to force down prices, the powerful bear party
i'receeded to work their will with no Important
opposition. A larce body of security owners'
bad lor some time been In the position of in
ertly holding on waiting for a further rise In
prices. When the bears began to , offer prices
down by wide taps • and the owners, taw the |
>ulue of their holdings beinar Cut away from
under them they became alarmed and threw '
over their holdings .Indiscriminately. Among i
the causes contributing to the break
were showings of reduced net earnings i
for April by the St. Paul, Burlington, Northern '
Pacific and Union Pacific systems, for which
subsequent plausible explanations were of
fered, but which were on their lace evidence of
:t decrease in the .sums available for distribu
tion among the stockholders. Tl'ere was a
hardening tendency in exchange, foreshadow
ing an outward movement of cold, which came
in the announcement after banking hour* on
Thursday of an - engagement of $1,000,000 for
shipment to Europe. The fact that this engage
ment was made after an easing Of the rate for
sterling exchange led some exchange bankers
to question whether the operation could yield
a profit p..-- an ordinary transaction.
The fact that it was made by the Institution
that financed the Amalgamated Copper Com
pany and also the payment of the Philippines
indemnity may serve as an explanation. The
purpose was to provide for the payment to
Spain, BO as to avoid the export of gold, and
a sufficient amount of foreign exchange was
accumulated to cover the amount due to Spain,
so that the cold (or- certificates of gold) could
be transferred from the sub-treasury In New
York to the banking Institution. It was ob
viously a corellary of the plan to set off for
eign obligations . to the bank, including; pre
sumably i. -reign "subscriptions to the new cop
per company, to make up the foreign credits
turned over to the Government. But the opera
tions seem to have Induced a plethoric condi- |
tion in the local money market and a hardening
tendency in the London money market, which
were nut counted upon, ana which made the
outward movement of gold necessary to restore
the balance. The relief to the London money
market gave strength to the stock market
there, which spread to Americans «nd was re
flected back upon the New York stock market.
This, with the fall in wheat, the subsidence of
the yellow fever scare and good prospects in
the coal carriers, led to good recoveries. Prices
recovered to last week's level or above all
around.
Bonds sold off In sympathy with stocks, but
they were later in yielding and declines were
much lets marked.
United States 3's and old 4's registered ad
vanced '•■ and the new 4s and the s's % In
the bid price. The old 4's coupon declined > 4 . i
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
25H.170 shares, including: American Steel and
Wire. -....>•); American Sugar, 21,000; American
Tobacco, 4000; Anaconda, 2200; Atchison pre
ferred, 12,700; Brooklyn -Rapid Transit, 23.300;
Burlington, 12,300; Federal Steel, 23.200; do pre
ferred, 4400; Louisville and Nashville. 3500;
Manhattan, 10,70!); Metropolitan. 6800: M., St.
V. and S. B. M,, 3500; Missouri Pacific, 8400;
National Steel, 3300: New York Central, 3500"
Northern Pacific, 6000; Ontario and Western,
8000; Pennsylvania, 6100; People's Gaa, 4600;
Reading first preferred, 4000; St. Paul, 10,000;
Tennessee Coal and Iron, 8000; Union Paclhc.
4700; do preferred, 2000; Rubber, 2400: "Western
Union, 4900.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 17% St Paul 123%
Do prefd 65% Do prefd lor,,
Baltimore & Ohio. 6ii St P & Om M
Canada Pacific 99% Do prefd 170
Canada Southern.. b2% So Pacific 31% '
Cent Pac 51% So Railway 10%
dies & Ohio 24% Do prefd 49% :
Chi & Alton ]«v Tex & Pac 18%
Chi B & Q ..129% Union Pac 40U
Chi & E Jll 73 I Do prefd 74V*
Do prefd 124 |\Vabash lit
Chi G W 13% | Do prefd 19%
Chi Ind & L 8% Wheel & L E .... b%
prerd 41%j Do prefd 13
Chi & N W , 15l'i Express Companies —
Do prefd m Adams Ex 110
i C C C & .St L ;,2' 4 American Ex 135
Do prefd 96% United States 47
Del & Hudson ..-..Hi Wells Fargo 125
Del L & W 166 ' Miscellaneous-
Den & Rio G 22' i A Cot Oil 34% j
Do prefd 7b '«, Do prefd 90 |
Erie new 12 Amn Spirits 9%
Do Ist prefd .... 34 | Do prefd 28
Ft Wayne Is 4 Am Tobacco 95%
: Ot Nor prefd 16:" 1 Do prefd 140
Illinois Cent 112 % Cons (las ..in
Lake Erie & W .. If, 1 -*. Com Cab Co n<>
Do prefd 67 ' i Col P & Iron 44
Lake Shore 2l>3Vi Do prefd 105
Louis & Nash 66% Gen Electric IIS
I Manhattan L lOStt Haw Coml Co 110
Met St Ry 214V4 Brooklyn R T 110 j
Mich Cent 113 ilntnl Paper 43 I
Minn & .St L 55 | Do prefd 79 i
Do Ist prefd 102 Laclede Gas .52
Mo Pacific Lead 29 i
1 Mobile & Ohio 37 ■ Do prefd 110 I
Mo X & T 11% Nat Lin Oil 3% j
Do prefd 32* i Pacific Mail 47 l !
N J Centra! 115*4 People's Gas 117' i
N V Central 129%' Pullman Pal ......IC6 i
N V Chi & St L... 13 .Silver Cert 61
Do Ist prefd .... 63 {Standard R & T.. 7%
Do 2d prefd .... 30 Sugar 145
Nor West 20% Do prefd 117'
No Amer Co HVi T C & Iron 61*4
No Pacific 46% iU S Leather 6% I
Do prefd 75% Do prefd 69% I
Ontario & W 25% U S Rubber 51% !
Or R & Nay pfd.. 7041 Do prefd 114%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. West Union ...... 87% I
Do 2d prefd .... 57 Fed Steel 58%
Plttsburg 184 ■ Do prefd 80%
Reading: 20 Am S & W C 0... 62%
Do Ist prefd .... 57?; Do prefd 97 I
R G XV 33 Glucose 68 i
Do prefd 77 Colo So 514 I
Rock Island 110% Do Ist prefd .... 43 '<
Bt L& S P 10 | Do 2d prefd .... 15 I
Do prefd 67 |Pac Coast 3: i
Do 2d prefd .... 36 Nor & W prefd... 67%
Bt L. & 8 W 12% Con Tobacco 4t;i 4
Do prefd 31*J Do prefd bl% i
CLOSING BONDS.
7 B 2b reg 100 M X & T 2ds 66' i
IK) 3d reg 109%' Do 4s :. 93%
Do Ss coup 109% N V Cent l*ts 115%
Do new 4a reg 130% N J Cent gen 55.. 120%
Do new 4s c0up. .130% No Carolina 6s 127
Do old 4s reg 112%; Do 4s 104
Do old 4s c0up... 113"*, No Pacific lsts 112 I
Do 6s reg 112% Do 3s 67%
Do Ss coup 112% Do 4b 106% i
Dlst of C 3.65s 11S% V C & .St L 45..1074
Alabama class A. .113 Nor & W con 45... 95% ;
Do does B 110 [ Do gen 6a 132
Do class C 100 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..112%
Do Currency 10$ I Do 4s 102%
Mchlson gen 43 Oregon S L (is 132 1 ;
Do adj 4s 82% Do con 6s. 113% ;
Canada So 2ds 11l Reading gen 4s 89
IJhes & Ohio 4%9... 94% Rio Q W lsts 100
Do 6s 118% St L& I M con 111%
Chi & N XV con 7b. 144 ?l L & S F gen 65. 126%
Do 8 F deb &s ...122% tit Paul con 16S
Chicago Term 45. ..102 Bt PC & P Ists. 124
Den & Rio G lsts.,lofl% Do f.s 124
Do 4s 103*4 So Railway Es 110%
ETV & G 15t8....10G Stand R & T 65... S7
Erie gen 4s 72% Term new set 35... 85
F W & D C lsts... 83 | rex & Pacific 15t5. 113%
Cen Electric 6s US ; Do 2ds 35-
OH&8 A 63 114 Union Pacific 4a...ins'4
Do 2ds 111V4 Wabash Ists 117%
H & T C 6s US I Do 2ds US
Do con 6s 11l West Shore 4s 114%
lowa Cent lsts 113% Wis Cent Ists 74
X C P & G 18t5.... 66 iVa Centuries £5%
La new con 4s 110%! Do Deferred S
L & N unified 45... 95% Colo Southern 45.. BC?4
MI NIX STOCKS.
Chollar 23 Ontario 8 00
Crown P0int....... 25 Ophlr 105
Con Cal & V 1 65 Plymouth .., 10
Deadwood '0 Quicksilver 2 0<)
Gould & Curry 25 Do prefd 660
Hale & Norcross.. 31 Sierra Nevada 70
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 35
Iron Sliver • 6J> Union Con 40
Mexican ./... 3S Yellow Jacket 32
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 92%
Call loans 3 ®4 Do prefd 116
Time loans 3%(i3/4% Westlnghouse El.. 40
Stocks — I Do prefd 65
At' Top &St Fe. 17 fct Bonds— ' ,
Do prefd 55% Atchison 4« 102%
American Sugar. i Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone.. 335 ; Adventure ' lOVa
Boston & Albany, Allouez Mm Co 8%
ex-div ......238 Atlantic ....'. 29
Boston & Maine... lS2 jßostonfc Mont 349
Boston Elevated... Butte & Boston 75
Chi Bur & Q 129% Calumet & Hecla.,Boo
Ed Elec 111 ..200 Centennial 34
Fitcbburg prefd. ..116% Franklin lit'/,
Gen Electric 118% Humboldt 2
Federal Steel .'-s 4 Dsceola- 82% I
Do prefd 80% Parrott 57
Mexican Central... 12** Quincy Kn
Michigan Tel 93 |Santa Fe Copper.. 12%
Old Colony 209 Tamarack 217
Old Dominion 39% Winona 14%
Rubber 51 'A 'Wolverine 43
Union Pacific...... 40% Utuh Mining 40
NEW YORK MONET MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 3.— Money on call, steady,
at 2®2'/2 per cent; last loan, 2; prime mercantile
paper, : ,'74 per cent; sterling exchange,
Steady, with actual business in bankers" bills
at $4 57%@4 SS for demand and at 14 Ss>£@4 85%
for CO days; posted rates, $4 S6'i@4 87 and $1 89;
commercial bills, $4 S7@4 87%; silver certifi
cates, Cli^62c; bar silver, Co%c; Mexican dollars,
48 Vie; State bonds, .inactive; railroad bonds,
steady; Government bonds, strong; twos reg
istered, 100; threes registered, 109%; threes reg-
Istesed coupon, 109%; new fours registered and
coupon. 150%; old • fours registered, 112U; old
fours registered coupon, 113%; fives registered
and coupon, 112%.
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT. <$>
NEW TORIC. June 3.— The Financier says:
The changes in the statement of the Associated
banks 'of New York for the week ending- June
I are almost trivial Compared with the heavy
fluctuations of the past few weeks. It would
seem that the culmination of a number of !m
--liortnnt matters had at last been passed, leav
ing the banks only to report routine operations
of" a comparatively dull week. The two holi
days, coupled with the comparative quietness
in stock exchange for the reiSalnder of the
week, are reflected In the slißht changes in the
loan item, but the gain, small as It Is, possi
l>ly indicates that the period of heaviest liqui
dation is over. If this is true there is reason
to believe that some use will be found for ..he
arcumulatlon of surplus funds at this center
and that rates may be maintained at something
like a reasonable figure, although no advance
of any significance is anticipated. The hanks
lost in cash during the week, according to the
statement, $1,134,000, all of which was In specie
Operations with the treasury are known to have
THE SAjST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. JUNE 4, 1899,
resulted In a decrease about as stated, but
no account has been made of a much heavier
gain from the Interior, and the real facts are
that the reserve is heavier than is to be In
ferred from the statement. Deposits remain
almost stationary, so taut the reserve reduction
Is due entirely to the loss In cash. 'The ship
ment of j1.000.000 In gold to Europe does not
figure In the averages. This incident • had no
effect whatever on the money market, as the
transaction 1b understood to have been of " a
special nature. It Is doubtful If. gold in any
quantity will go abroad this summer. Cer
tainly- If the loans of the banks begin to In
crease, exports will be checked unlera there
arises In domestic and foreign markets a situ
ation that now appears Improbable. The banks
ought to continue to Rain from the interior
for some time to come. Tho July disbursements
will "be unusually heavy this year and as there
in nothing that will entail an unusual demand
on the banks It appears that fluctuations In
the money rate will depend solely on a revival
of speculative activity, which now Is regarded
as certain. \
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCTS.
NEW YORK, June 3.— FLOUR—
13,996; exports, 8937. Quiet, but firm. Winter
patents, $4 10; winter straits, $3 60@3 70; Mlnne-
BOta patents, $4©4 15: winter extras, $2 63@3 15;
Minnesota bakers', $3; winter low grades, $2 45
©2 55.
"WHEAT— Receipts, 134,025;. exports, 13,456.
Spit, firm. No. ■ 2 .red, 85%0 spot and to a_jj
rive f. o. b. . afloat: No. 2 red, 82c elevator;
.No. 1 Northern Duluth, S5Hc f. o. b. afloat
to arrive. Options— Opened steady on moderate
foreign demand, developed subsequent weak
ness owing to spring wheat receipts and an
unexpected break at St. Louis. Later they
rallied, however, on excessive rains in the
Northwest, and closed strong at %@%c net
advance, July, 81 7-10&S2 7-16 c, closed at 82% c;
September, Sl%@S2 7-lt.c, closed 82% c; Decem
ber, S2 l i<gS3%c, closed 83% c.
HIDKS— State common to choice 1596
crop, 6®7c; 1897, Il!ffl3c; IS9S. 16@17c. Pacific '
Coast, ISS6 crop, 6@7c; 1897, ll©13c; 1898 crop,
17@lSo.
HlDES— Steady. Galveston 20(g25 pounds,
l6Vj@l7c; Texas dry 24030 pounds, 12%<313c;
California 21<Si25 pounds, 18% c.
WOOL— Quiet Domestic fleece. lS@23c; Tex-
RS,ll2@lsc.
METALS— The Metal Exchange Issued no re
port to-day. The brokers' price for lead is
$4 25 and lor copper $18 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to i points lower. Sales, 9250 bags, including:
June, $4 SO; July. $4 8S; November, $5 10; De
cember, $5 3585 40; January, $6 45; March, $5 65.
Spot coffee— ltio, dull and nominal. No. 7 In
voice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild— Quiet.
Cordova, B@l3c
SUGAR— Firm. Fair refining, 4%c; centri
fugal, % test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 4c. Re
fined—Firm. No. 6, 4 11-16 c; No. 7. 4%c; No. 8,
4 9-16 c; No. 9, 4Uc; No. 10, 4 7-16 c; No. 11,
4 ,<•; No. 12, 4 5-16 c: No. 13, 4%c; No. 14. 4V»c;
j mold A, 5%c; standard A, s'4c; confectioners'
A, 5%c: cut loaf, 5%c; crushed, 5%c; pow
dered, 5%c; granulated, 5%c; cubes, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6008 packages: steady.
Western creamery, ]5«f18%c; factory, 11%@13%c.
BOGS— Receipts, U046 packages: steady. West
ern, i3'-..'i: it .;;.■: Southern, 11@13%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 3.— California dried fruits,
dull but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7@Bc;
prime wire tray, SU@S%c; choice, 89i@9c; lan
cy, 9%sfavic.
PRUNES— 3- 4 '«? c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14@14%c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9%@11c.
GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June The sentiment among
1 wheat tracers at the opening was rather bear
j ish owing to heavy Northwest receipts, poor
; shipping demand and weak outside markets.
I The tide soon turned, however, on - covering,
I influenced by confirmatory reports of damage
I by drought in the Black Sea territory. Do-
I mestic crop news was also discouragingly bad
and added to the. advance, the market closing
within a fraction of the top. July opened
unchanged at 76%@76%C, declined to 76% c, ad
vanced to 77*ic and closed at 77V''" : V'.
Atlantic port clearances of wheat and flour
equaled 256.000 bushels. The world's ship
ments for the week to Europe were estimated
I m 7,W'0,0(;0 bushels.
i Complaints of damage from excessive rains
and an Improved ca«h demand strengthened |
, corn. July- advanced %c.
Oats rallied on covering based on unfavor- I
able crop reports. July rose %c.
Provisions ruled easy at the start, but rallied ;
near the close In sympathy with the advance j
in (-'rains. July pork rose 7', 2 c and lard 2%<&5c. 1
Ribs are a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
; July '76% 77* 76% ::\
September 77% 78% 77 '» 78%
iy. ■::(....■ 78V4 79% 78% 79%
I Corn No. 2—
July 33% 34 33% 34 !
! September 33»; 34% S3' 34%
December 33% 33% 33% 33%
I Oats No. 2—
July 23 23% 23 23%
September 20% 20^ 20% 20* i .
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July 8 07% 8 17% 8 07% 8 17%
September 8 25 8 35 8 20 8 32%
Lard, per 100 pounds—
I July 4y6 600 493 500
September 510 5 12% 510 0 12% !
I Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
I July 4 57% 4 62% 4 57% 4C 2%
Sept ember 4 70 4 75 4 70 4 75
Cash quotations were as follows:
i Flour, quiet and firm: winter patents, $3 63® ,
i 3 73; straights. $3 354f3 45; clears, $3 13^3 25; '
! spring specials. $4 35: patents, $3 405/3 80;
; straights. $2 90@3 25; bakers', $2 t&®2 60; No, 2
I spring wheat, f. o. b.. 7C';c; No. 3 spring wheat,
' f o. b., 72'?73c; No. 2 red, f. o. b., 7S@79Uc;
No. 2 corn. 38%@33%c; No. 2 oats, f. o. b.. 7 ,'.( .
25% c; No. 3 white, f. o. b.. 27%@25c: No. 2 rye. !
I f. o. b., 55%i&59c: No. 2 barley, S6@3Sc; No. II
flnx«e<rd. $101; prime timothy seed, $2 25; mess
pork, per barrel, $8 06@8 10; lard, per 100 pounds,
ii So@4 '.<:.; short rib sides, loose, $* 4fy4 70; dry
salted shoulders, boxed, 4%SH%e; short clear i
sides, boxed, $4 86@4 93; whisky, distillers' fin- |
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugar, cut loaf, \
I 6.02 c; granulated, 5.52 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, barm-Is 13,000 14,0»
Wheat, bushels 65.000 500
1 Corn, bushels 397. (W0 431.0<H>
Oats, bushels 315,000 886,000
Rye, bushels : 4,000 2.000 :
Barley, bushels 6.000 4, W0
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
! market was firm: creameries, 12@17%c; dairies, i
10@16c. Eggs, strong; fresh, 12%0. Cheese, i
steady; creams, BSi(S!)V4c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening '20 40 20 70
Closing 20 40 20 70
Flour-
Opening 43 65 28 45
Closing 43 65 28 45
KASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.'
CHICAGO, June CATTLE— was not
enough offered for sale to-day to make a mar
ket and prices ruled practically nominal.
HOGS— There was a lively local and ship
ping demand at steady prices. Fair to choice,
%3 TL\k<Wl 85; heavy packers, !$3 Co®3 70; mixed,
$3 6003 82%; butchers, (3 60®3 82%; lights. 13 60
4}3 82%; pigs, $3 30^)3 70.
SHEEP— The limited supply of sheep and
lambs prevented any further weakening of
prices and sheep were salable at VI 6O1&S 30;
culls and Inferior lots up to {3©5 25 for prime
flocks. Clipped lambs sold at $3 &O<S6 and Col
orado wooled lots, $6 15<cJ>6 35; spring , lambs,
•..'>: GO per 100 pounds.
Receipts— Cattle, 200; hogs. 17,000; sheep.
2000.
DENVER, June 3.— CATTLE-Recelptfl. 1400.
Market firm. Beef steers, $4 4005; cows,- $3 25yi
4 60; feeders, freight paid to river, $4 20@4 75;
Btockers do, $4 MwS; bulls, stags, etc.,' $2 50©
3 CO. • ' . .^-
HOGS— Receipts, 1000. Market quiet. Light
packers. $3 55©3 60; mixed, $3 60@3 65; heavy,
{:: 26®3 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 600. Market firm. Good
fat muttons, $4®3 25; lambs, $5 60©3 60.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, June 3. —CATTLE— Receipts, 1000.
Market active, steady to strong. "Native beef
steers, M 2006 25; Western u'teers, $404 SO;
Texas steers. $lffl4 70; cows and heifers, $4'<j)
4 60; oannera, $2 50<33 70; stockers and feeders,
$3 7605; calves, $4 m'u": bulls, stags, etc., $2 75
©4 25. /
HOGS— Receipts, 10.000. Market steady to
stronger. Mixed and butchers, $3 E7HSJ3 60'
light. $3 6S®3 60; pigs, $3 2-/g3 50; bulk of sales,
$3 :.T': ''u'i CO.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000. ■ Market steady.
Western muttons. $4 r,O<ti. r i; stock sheep, $3 /
4 25; lambs, $4 75i&6 25.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. June 3.— CATTLE— Receipts,
100. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts. 6000. Market steady. Bulk
of sales. $3 60@3 70; heavy, $3_60@3 C 5; packers,
J3 fi.'ifir; 65; mixed. J3 50^3 85) light, $3 45@3 60;
workers, *3 GS&3 60; pigs. $3 40(f?3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. Market firm. Lambs
Si 75ru6 50; muttons. ?3 23i@'4 90.
WEEKLY BANK STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. June 3.— The weekly bank state
ment shows the following changes: Surplus re
serve, decreased. $1,223,125; loans, increased
$078,800; specie, decreased. J1.1S1.300; legal ten
der, Increased, $47,300; deposits, increased, $356 -
600; circulation, decreased, 5125.500.
The banks now hold $4. r >,710,6fi0 in excess of th«
requirements of the 25 per cent rule.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows-
Available cash balance, |2C5,791,543; gold re
serve, J230,239,321.
NEW YORK EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK. June 3.— The Imports of specie
this week were J41.R26 gold and $112,774 silver.
The exports of gold and silver from this port
to all countries for this week aggregate $84,
042 silver bars and coin and $1,266,503 gold.
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise at
the port of New Tork for this week were valued
at $5,067,441.
FOREIGN MARKET^
LONDON, June 3.— Silver, *7%dS Frenoh
rentes, 102f 37^ic; wheat cargoes off coast, noth
ing doing; cargoes on passage, nominal, un
changed; No. 1 standard California, 2'Js fid.
LIVERPOOL, June 3.— Holiday In grain mar
kets; wheat In Paris, steady; flour In Paris,
steady.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. June B,— Clearings, 1801,
--897; balances, $23,068.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June 3.— WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla steady at 69c; valley, 60c; blue stem
e&sy at tile.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., June B.— The week eloped
with Wheat weak and unchanged; club, 68>io;
blue stem, 6IMIC
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 Bs%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 17V4
Mexican Dollars — 49H®50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
"WHEAT— The Cedarbank takes for Liverpool
94,450 ctls, valued at $107,470.
The market Is kept unsettled by the crop re
ports. Chicago advanced again under con
tlned bad news, though the crowd -was bearish
and the Southwest sold freely. The exporters
reported a better inquiry and foreigners were
good buyers, both at Chicago and New York,
on bullisK news from Europe. Berlin- was 2
marks higher. Russian news was very bullish,
with the Danubian crop a total failure, and the
situation there was given as acute. The Red
River Valley was also reported in a bad way,
owing to too much rain, most of the fields ba
lm? under water.
The local market was firm.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%@l 10; milling.
$1 12%@1 13%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December^ —
18,000 ctls, $120%; 10,000, $120%.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls. $120%;
42,000, $120%: 46.000, $121. May— Booo. $124.
Regular Morning Session — December— 26,ooo
ctls. SI 21%; 8000, $121%. May— 24.ooo, $125.
BARLEY— Futures showed rather more tone,
but the spot market was unchanged and dull.
Feed. $1 05@l 07%; Brewing, $1 117101 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session—Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
M-V: 2000, M 7 -' ; 12.000. 84% C.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
14.0<*j ctls. 85c; 14.000. 85% c; 6000, Z4%c; lO.nfiO,
S4 7 ), c. December— L'OoO, Sl'c; 2000, i>S%c; 2000,
kS\c.
OATS— The market is slenderly supplied and
dull.
Fancy Feed, $1 47H@1 50 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 424>f(il 47^; common, $1 32^®! 40;
Surprise $1 50©l 56; Gray. $1 35@1 45; Milling.
Jl 45@'l 60 per ctl; Red, $1 35tfl 40; Black, Jl 30
&l 32' i.
CORN — Prices have not changed for some
time and the market is dull.
Small round Yellow, $1 SQtftl 32H; Eastern
large Yellow, $1 12 1 *; White, $1 lSfl J7H:
mixed $1 10 per ctl: California White, nominal.
RYE— 97VtC®s] 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FTX3T7R— California family extras. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 50; Oregon ■
and Washington. $3 40(!i3 45 per barrel for extra.
$3 25(83 40 for bakers' and $2 30<g2 50 for super
fine.
M I LLSTT'FFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, liKual discount to the trade: Graham
Fiour, 13 25 per K0 !T>?; Rye Flour. $2 76; Rye
Meal. $2 CO; Rice Flour, $7; Commeal, $2 GO; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 50(^4 75,
Oat Groats, $4 76; Hominy, $3 25<53 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $47r4 25; Cracked Wn%at. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $C 5',((f6 95: in sacks, $6 8504 76;
Pearl Barley. }5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 rbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Buyers at the Hay market found no reclpts
of any consequence and w>-nt nway again.
There was nothing done. The total receipts
were only 61 tons.
Bran and Mldilinps were unchanged.
BRAN— &0<&17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FEET3STUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26 60: Job
bing, $27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21(£22; Cornmeal,
$23 BOQX4 50; Cracked Corn, J24(525; Mixed
Feed. $13i&16: Cottonseed Meal, $24026 per ton.
OLD HAY— Wheat, $10@ll 50 for good to
choice and $S@9 50 for lower grades; Wheat and
Oat. $S(JilO 60; Oat, $7^50; Barley, $G'ft!>; Al
falfa, $5@7.
NEW Wheat. $708; Wild Oat. $6©7;
Alfalfa. $4 50ig6 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2S<S3Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Everything under" this head remains dull and
unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 4001 50; Small White, $2
©2 15; Large White, $1 55(gl 6.',; Pinks, $1 800
190; Reds $2 35; Blackeye, $4@4 15; Butters,
nominal; Llmaa, $3 9094; Pea. $2@2 35; Red
Kidneys, $2 50<52 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 8%03c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed i
2«4c per lb; Alfalfa, 8%<&9%c: Rape, 3@3!4c;
Hemp. 4y 4 iff4%c; Timothy, 4%@&>4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $150'ali>O, Green, $1 75
8)2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 379 boxes Asparagus, 133 boxes
Rhubarb. Sl4 sacks Peas and 26X9 boxes new
Potatoes.
Potatoes wore off again, aa will be seen.
Onions were steady.
There was little or nothing new in Vege
tablen. Rhubarb waa higher and Summer
Bquash came in from Aliimeda. Pea* declined.
POTATOES— New Early Cose. In boxes, $175
(q2; Burbanks, 11 7562 1G per ctl on the wharf.
o.Nl'i.ns New, Ss@4oc per nack for red.
VEGETABLES Arparagus, 75c?ijl 60 per
box for No. 2. SI 7r»r,/2 2G for No. 1 and $2 SO
for fancy; Rhubarb, 7l.c'';sl 50 per box; Gieen
Peas, lV4©3c per 1U; String Beans from lais
Anireles, 6®7c :'(jr gn-n und 7c for Golden
W.in; Strii.i; H«ma from Vacaville, 7fi
Kreen and gOlOc fir Wur: Horse Beans, :
per pack; Cabbage, sk-ilj.">; Tomatoes, i\a'i
per liox : Mexican Ti matoes, Jl "." n 1 B0; Rgg
Plant, l^'-jc per lb; Garlic, 40& c for now;
Dried okra, 150 per lb: Dried Peppers, 13o;
(;r--.-n Peppers, 12V4*M5c; Carrots, 30@40c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 85c per dozen; Sac
ramento and Marysvlllp Sucumbers, $1 T-.4tz per
box: Summer Squash, 60c@$l i>er box for Yaoa
vlll.- and 52 for Bay; Green Corn, 40c per
dozen.
POULTRY ANP GAME.
Two cars of Eastern will be put on to-morrow
or next day.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 14@160 for Gob- !
blers and 14@16c for liens; young Turkeys, 18c; j
Geese, per pair, $1 60; Goslings, $1 25@1 50;
Ducks, $4 50$i5 for old and J5 50:96 50 fdr young;
Hens, $5 BO® 7; young Roosters. $7-58 50; old
Roosters, $3 50©8; Fryers, 15 50@6; Broilers, $4!55
for large, $2 BOOS 60 for small; Pigeons. J2^2 a i
per dozen for old and $1 75<Jr>2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Everything under this head was quiet at un
changed quotations. Cheese was freely offered j
at concessions. ' \
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. l?H@18o; sec- i
onds, 17c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16'4c; good to choice. 14916 - I
store-. 12'i:'&U3c per lb.
• CHEESE— Choice mild new, B@S%c: old. 7%c; I
Young America. >©10c; Eastern. 13<jj>15c.
EGGS— Quoted at t<HOI7Hc for store and 18© |
19c per dozen for ranch; . Eastern, 17@17' / 4c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts of 1239 boxes Cherries and 683 chests
Strawberries.
The rain played havoc with the Cherry mar
ket.' Most of the receipts are badly cracked
and mouldy,' and this makes buyers wary even j
of the little sound stock arriving.
Berries keep up to their good prices. ' Cur
rants are also selling well.
From some cause, perhaps. the rain, Apricots !
are coming; In split, cracked and rusty, but i
they sell well Just the same. Some miserable
small black stuff sold at 4c per lb In bulk.
Peaches came In from the river In baskets
and sold at $1 1691 60 per basket.
Plums are In smaller supply, but Apples and
Pears are plentiful.
DECIDUOUS FHITITF—
New Apples, 40<5?00c per small and $I®l 60 per
large box and 40®00c per basket. .
. BERRlES— Gooseberries, 30@35c per drawer
and 3'iig'4c per lb In bulk; Blackberries, $13 per
chest; from Fresno, $1 2.'> per crate: from New
castle, 11 15®1 25- Strawberries, $9010 per chest
fur small and $3'of^ for large berries; Rasp
berries, $6@lo per chest; Newcastle Raspberries
$110@125 per crate; Logan Berries, $6@7 per
chest.
Currants; 13 6005 50 per chest. •: ;</\:.i
Cherries, 60@75c for white, 75®90c for Royal
Anne and €ocfiisl per box for black; black In
bulk, 7©Sc: white. s@6c per lb; Royal Anne," 8©
9c; cracked Cherries, 2Vi<goc. . ■
Green Pears, 50c per box and 40@50c per
basket.
Figs, $1 Eo@l 75 per box for black and 75c for
white.
•Apricots, 40<5'90c per crate and box for Prln
gles and 76c@$l 75 per box and EOc£?il t^r
basket for Royals.
Peaches, Eoc®sl 25 per box.
Plums. 'Coc@sl per box. ■
Cherry Plums, 25@50c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 6004
per box; Seedlings, $1 2GS2 25; Mediterranean
Bw«ets, $1 Eo@2 15; Lemons, 75c@$l for com
mon and $1 25@2 for good to choice; Mexican
Llmee, *4@5; California Limes. 50@70c per
small box; Grape Fruit, Coc@sl: Bananas, $1 50
©2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, «2@» per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for. 40-50*8. 60
8%0 for 50-60" s, 4@4%c for 80-70' s, S%@3?4c for
70-S0 I s.-2»i(g:3>4c for SO-90's. 2%®2%c for 90-100' »
and 2V,c for 100-110's; Peaches, 8V4@9%0 for
good to choice, 10@luy.c for fancy and 14@15c
for peeled; Apricots, 12'i@13c for Koyala and
14@ltc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, Shit'Jp
10c; sun dried, out; Black :'lgs. out; Plums,
nominal. IVic for unpitted and 4&«8c for pitted:
Pears. 3@9c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3»ic for two-crown, 4%c for threo
crown, 6%0 for four-crown, 4Va6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3',-ic for Seedless Muscatels and |1 10
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%©3 c.
Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts. o@Bc
for hardshell, 10@llc for softshell; Almonds, 8©
9c for hardshell, 12@13c for •oftsbell, 14@16c for
papershell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4V4'O'
Be for California; Coco'anuts, $4 00©5. ' .■
HONEY— Comb,' 10®llc for bright and B®9o
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7V*©
* 7Hc; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, BQs^o
BEESWAX— 2S©27c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
••'* ; •"■• PROVISIONS.
The market continues in good. shape, with a.
steady demand on shipping and local account.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
B%@9c for light medium, 10%@llc for light. 12c
for extra light , and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll^c; California
I Hams, lOVac; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef. $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear. $16 50; mesa,
$15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD- quoted at sM:@f>%c per lb for
compound and 7'4©7V<-c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 7%c; 10-lb tins, B><ic; 5-lb tins. BV4c.
COTTOLENE— 6%@6%c; packages,
i less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls. 60 in a case. 9Hc;
i 3-lb palls. 20 in a case. S%c: 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case, S^c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, S%c; uO-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. S^c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
■'■ — -Hi * ;
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
Fteers, 10c: medium. 9@9^e; light, HWc; Cow
hides. 9c; Stags. 6@6%c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c ■ dry Hides, sound. 16c; 'culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip and Veal. ISOlSttc; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®30c each; short
Wool 3,V(i6oe each; medium. 70@90c: long Wool.
90c®$'l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small: Colts. BOc.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 4®4\4c per lb; No.
2, JH@3%c; refined, ; grease. 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaqutn and
Southerns, 7 months, 7@9c: year's staple. 6®Sc;
Foothill and Northern free. ll!?14c; Foothill
1 and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada, 10@13c;
i Hurnbohlt and Mendocino. 14igl6c.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 7 SfSVjc
Southern • @7Hc
Plains »c
HOPS— IS9B crop 10@llc per lb for ordinary,
12012Vi0 for good and U@lsc for choice to
fancy from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
i Prices nave not changed for several days.
I Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7HBSc per lb for Steers and thi&lc
for Cows.
VEAI.r-7<gSc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. "©"^c; Ewes, 7c per «>.
LAMB— Spring, 7H'sßc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, s>/4©5%c for small. 5%'9
C%c for medium and &&\ic for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%@5c; dressed Hoes, 70
S%c.
GENERAL MKRCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, s%@s«£c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quentln
Bags, ?4 95.
. Wellington, IS per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 50 In bulk and J3 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Kge. $14 ;
Cannel, $S 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $11
in sacks. /
SUGAR- The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered. 5} 4 e; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated. 5«4c; Confectioners' A, BVic: Cali
fornia A, 6c; Magnolia A. 4 7^c; Extra C, 4\c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
V t <' more; boxes. Vie morei^O-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OP PRODUCE.
For Saturday, June 3.
Flour, qr sks y.STS Shorts, sks 23
tt'h.at, ctls 640 Wool, bags Sl3
Barley, ctla 900 1 .-Its, l>dls 3,000
Corn, ctls 3 s ". Quicksilver, flks. 52
Butter, ctls 24:! Raisins, boxes .. 1.550
Cheese, ctls sks 7,330
Ryp, ctls 520 Hi<les, No 1,950
Beans, sks 307 [Leather, rolla .. 83
Potatoes, sks 2.744iK^K-s. doz 17.700
Onions, sks 780'Wlne, jrals 56,500
Hran. sks 3.2.YS Hay, tons 61
Middlings, sks... 2>>s Straw, tons 10
OREGON.
Wool, bales 12
THE STOCK MARKET.
Pan Francisco Gas and Electric led the mar
ket on the Bond Exchange, declining from
$fil 25 to $6t! Si. Giant Powder sold down to J73
and 1 Inomea SiiKar to $41. Oceanic was higher
at $84®8G l- ; ■
Mining stocks were rather firmer. The tele
gram from tlie pump said: "The second ele
vator :s working steadily on half-time and Is
holding the water near the 1960 level."
Bales of bonds on the Bond Exchange in May
were $584,900, against $185,000 in May, IS9S, anTl
for the first live months of the year $3,044,200,
against $i.t;iy.v»i in 1898, Bales of stocks In May
were 86,918 shares, against ;.."•. ('i!.'< in May, 1898,
and tlms tar this year 3»>2.'j7s shares, against
237.078 In IS9B.
Tile Sr'e. Helcher nn<l Mldes Con. assessment
of oc per share will be delinquent In the com
pany's office to-morroWi
The delinquent assessment sale of the Hale
A Norcross Mining Company will be held to
morrow.
The Bfead MinitiK and Milling: ''ompany has
declared Its third dividend at the rate of 40
i"-r cent per annum, payable June 1.
The Boulder Mining Company of El Dorado
County has levied an assessment of 3c per
share, delinquent July 1.
The Centra] Eureka Mining Company of
Araador County has levit-.i an assessment of 2o
per share. ' delinquent July '■'.
The Union Hill Mining Company of Nevada
County proposes to increase its capita] stock
to $200,000, divided into 200.000 shares.
The Boston and California Gold Mining Com
pany has declared Its- second dividend at the
rate of 6 per cent per annum, payable June 1.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, June 3-12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Eoult G I> Co. ,*»>4 —
4s quar c0up. .114 — Mutual El Co. 14tj 15
ts quar res — — — Oakland Gas.. 45 4514
4s iiuar new..l29< / i«, lc Gas Imp. 63 —
r.s quar coup/. 108 — Pac I. Co — 46
Miscellaneous— ;S FG & E.... 61 61' i
Cnl-st Cab ."'5.117 — I San Fran...... 304 3%.
Cal Elec L, 65.12.".v;i274 Stockton Gas. 12 —
C Wat E5.... — 112%) Insurance-
Pi^^ ex c... — — Firem'a Fund —
E V & P C 5..131 132 Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65.115H — Anglo-Cal — 65U
Oeary-st R ss. 90 99 Bank of Ca1..262tt —
II C& S 5V45..1D2H — Cal SD & T. — 9S
L A Ry 65....107V 107 1 ,4, First Nattonl.22o —
1.. A I- Co 65..101H — jl-on P & A.... 130 Hi
Do gntd Ss.lOlH — Mer Exchange — 18
L A LCo r.s. ..101 — Nev Nat Bk.. — 190
Market-st 65.. 129 — j Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55. 117 — ,Ger S & L.. 1600 I*4o
NCN O H 75.10S — Hum S & L..1050 1160
N Ry Cal 6.. 116 117 I Mutual Say. 35 41U
N R of Cal us.lir, l iU4'4 B F Say U.. 500 —
N}'V. Hlt Bs, - 108 18 &I, 50... — gj
N P C R R 55.106<^ — i Security SB.— 300
N Cal H X us. lll . — lUnion T Co. — U65
Oak Gas 65... 11 l — | Street Railroads—
Om C Ry 65. .127 HO ( California ....116 —
P&CI Ry 63.107 — Geary 50 _
P & O6s 117 — Market-st .... 62% 62V
Powell-st 65... — 122* Oak S I, & H— —
Sac El Rv ss. — — Presidio :. — 1514
SF& N P 58.116 116% Powder— .
SV & S JVfa.114%116 California .... — 175
Sierraß Cal fis.lOS^ — R Dynamite... 87V4 —
S Pof Ar 65>. 113^1141/4 Giant Con Co. 73 731.x
S V C Ss (1905) — 112 ; Vigurit 3% 3%
V PC 6s (11106) — — i SuKar—
S PC 6s (1912) — — liana P C 0.... 16% 17
SPCIs eg 55.104V4 — Haw C& S C.IOO 102
SPRr 65...... 12.1 - Hutch S P Co. 32 3314
i S V Wat 65...H6%116V4 Kilauea S Co. 2l'H 32
S V Wat 45...10 Hi — Onomea S Co. 40« 41
1S V W4s(3dm)loUilo2 Paauhau S P. 40; i —
[ Stktn Gas 65. .1021%— 1 Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pac ABsn..ll3t,;iHM
Contra Costa.. 63% 7O'/iiGer Ld Wk5..250 —
Marls Co 68 — Pr Ex Assn. ftO —
Spring Valley.lOl^ilOl'i Oceanic 8 Co. 85 85H
Gas and Electric— I'ac a F A.... 2\i 214
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor C 0.120. 120 —
OntrHl O Co.. — — far Paint Co.. 7U _
Cent L & P.. - 6»i
Morning Session.
Board— . '
60 Contra Costa Water 70 00
10 Giant Powder Con 7323
10 Giant Powder Con 73 12 ,,
100 Giant Powd« Con 73 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
■ 60 Hana Plantation Co, s SO ig 75
5 Hutchlnson S P Co 33 9 
-175 Hutchinson S P Co 3350
60 Oceanic S s Co. gj m
100 Oceanic S S Co S - 00
23 Oceanic S S Co '. £- 121 /
10 Onomea Sugar Co 41 50
. 10 Onomea Sugar Co 413714
125 Onomea Sugar Co 41 00
SO Paauhau 8 P Co 4100
38 Pacific Coast Borax 120 00
90 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 61 23
10 San Francisco Gaß & Electric C 0.... 61' 124
100 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 61 00
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric, Co 60 75
Bfi2 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0 .;.. 60 50
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 60 fi">iA
$1000 S F &SJV bonds. 114 7 £* >
10 Spring Valley. Water ' 101 25
$1000 8 ■ V 6 per cent b0nd5.....; 116 60
$1500 US! per cent bonds 108 50
11000 Lo« Angeles Ry 6 per cent b0nd5...107 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
• Morning Session.' . .
25 Ban° Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 61 50^
CO Hutchlnson S P Co ••••• 33 UVt
25 Hutchlnson S I 1 Co 33 Zn
60 Hana Plantation.Go ''-im -2
30 Spring Valley Water i, ?iS
CO Paauhau S P Co .: 41 I~^>
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board — -a «7i'
20 Contra Costa Water ,nn nn
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 100 00
40 liana Plantation Co • " ™
30 Hutchlnson S P Co •■•••• « »
$1000 North Uy Cal 5 per cent b0nd5....113 M
30 Pacific Gas Imp *, %i™
100 Visorlt Powder a "
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 34 400 Justice "
200 Bullion ■ 07 400 Mexican 44
300 Con Cal & Va.l 75 600 Potosl *••
400 Crown Point... 271 100 Potosi •••••••■•• «
100 Crown Point... 28 200 Sierra Nevada. 76
800 Gould & Curry 271 500 Yellow Jacket. 08
200 Hale & Norcrs 371
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session. -3§}&3|§
600 Andes 14 1 400 Mexican 44
m Best & Belcher 50 800 Potosl 44
150 Caledonia 68 500 Potosl .......... 4o
400Chollar 33 500 Sierra Nevada. 7*
I 800 Con Cal & V.I 72 200 St Louis 09
COO Gould &'Curry 28 200 Union Con .... «
700 Hale ft Norcrs 39 i 600 Yellow Jacket. 38
• CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June 3—12 m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask
Alpha 03 07 Kentuck — 1*
Alta 06 07 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Andes 13 14 Mexican 44 46
Belcher 34 3.". Occidental 32 —
Best & Belcher 51 52 Ophir IJoI 20
Bullion 06 07 Overman 16 17
Caledonia 59 60 Potosl 44 4a
•hollar 33 34 Savage 2o *6
Challenge Con. 34 35 Scorpion — 03
Confidence 1001 05 ?eg Belcher 06 0.
Don Cal & Va.l 70 175 Sierra Nevada. 74 id
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Silver Hill .... 02 03
Crown Point .. 27 29 Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — 02 Standard 2 50. —
Exchequer 02 03 St Louis 08 —
Gould & Curry 27 29 Union Con 42 —
Hale & Norcrs 38 39 Utah 15 17
Julia 02 —.Yellow Jacket. 38 33
Justice 18 19 '
MINING STOCKS. »(
Highest prices of stocks during the week
1
|
:
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to C. C.
Mohun, lot on N line of Hai}?ht street, 110 E
of Octavia, E 27:6 by N 120; 16000.
J. B. Kelnstein to Bert Schlesinger, lot on
SW corner of Green and Luguna (streets, d 25
by W 100, quitclaim deed; $10.
Bert Biul Johanna tkhlesinger to Annie H.
Thf-u.-r, same; $io.
JosVphlne I)elmue to Ethelind V. Danglada,
lot on N line of Clay street, 224:7 W of Cen
tral avenue, W HO by N 127:8%; $10.
Ixiuis and Hose Llpman, Carl D. and Llbby
A. Salfleld and Anelo-Callfornian Bar.it (Lim
iti-d), to John and Bridget Parnell, lot on X
line of Stanyan street, 60 S of Beulah, S 25 by
X 106:3; t2son.
George J. Hughston to George E. Dunham,
lot on \V line of Folsom street. &0 N of Eigh
teenth, N 122, VV 122:ij, S 72, E 22:6, S 50, E
100; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Chand
ler \V. Burgess, lot on S line of Eighteenth
street, 10 E of Hartford, E 25 by S 75; $1050.
Kilian Gies to August and Mary E. Gies, lot
on \V line of Douglass street, S>9 S of Eliza
beth, S 25 by W 125; $600.
Margaret O'Leary to John D., Margaret F.,
Anna M., Emma and William O'Leary, Alena
(or Elena) O'Connor (wife of J. <-.;, Llllle
Leon (wife of M. S.) and Sarah J. Berkeley
(wife of T. G.). Jot on E line of Jones street,
77:6 S of Post, S 25 by E So:t>; gift.
George Gamwr to Ellen M. Norton, lot on
E line of Larkin street, so N of Turk, N :6 by
E SO; 1125.
i'auline C. Bullard to Amelia F. Counsman,
lot on S corner of Harrison and First streets,
SW 43, SE IWJ, SW 30, SE 75, NE 73, NW 175;
$10.
Jeremiah Haggerty (by B. .P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hibernla Savings and l»an So
clety, lot on W line of Potrero avenue, 20 N
of Twenty-third (Nevada) street, N 25 by W
100; $1182.
William "VV. and Carrie F. Rednall to An
drew L. and Line Gram, lot on W line of I'tah
street, S7:< S of Marlpoaa, s 2:, by \V 100; Jio.
Alexander B. S. Seely to Mrs. Qeonte a.
Schearer (formerly Cornelia Y. Seely), lot on
N line of Clement street, 57:6 W of Fourth ave
nue, \V 25 by N 100 (quitclaim deed); $50.
Cornelia Y. Schearer (Seely), Wife of George
A., to George a. Schearer, same; $10.
Charles and Sophia H. Hitchcock to H. tJ.
Jaudin. lot on SW corner of Fourth avenue and
Clement street, W tt:< by S 100; $i».
W. H, Mulcahy to Joseph D. Flaherty, lot
on SE corner of Eighth avenue and A street,
S 100 by E $2:6; Jlu.
Willard V. and Marie L. Huntingdon to
Christopher E. Newman, lot on S line of A
street, 82:6 X of Twenty-third avenue, E 2j
by S 100; $10.
Alameda County.
Katie Buckland (.wile of \V. O.) to N. G.
ami iHiva LliulKron. lot on S line of Chartei
avenue, 47C \V ol Telegraph, \V 3U by S 129:4%,
a portion of lot 9, Tuttle Homestead Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Alice Burrltt to Ella Juno Holden (wife of
J.), lot on W corner of Hast Twenty- third
street and Ninth avenue. SW 00 by N "w Hu,
block U>7, Clinton, Easi Oakland; $1500.
Mary, Maud and I-lllian Flnlgan to James P.
Sweeney and Georce N. Williams, lot on X
line of Ellsworth street, 206 N of Dwlght way.
E 130 by N 65. being a rortion of lot 1. block
I, map of property of College Homestead Asso
ciation, Berkeley; ?10.
Theodor and Christine Wollitz to William T.
WollltS. lot on N line of Center street. 150 W
Of Oxford. "W CO by N 125, being lot 10, block
A, map of Berkeley property, Berkeley; $10.
G. W. and Esther P. Owen to Eugenic C.
Scliuller, lot on X corner of Mountain View
avenue and Sunnjside street, NE 2TO by SE
107.16. being lot 5. block 34, Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township; J5.
Eugene J. Bel rose to same, same; $10.
Caroline M. Kunkle to Helena H. Tucker
all of block 37. lots 1 to 15, block 51, lots 11 to
19, il and 22, block 22. map of Fltchburg
Homestead, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Fred A. Prosser to Henry Abel, G5 acres be
gining at the tiolnt where the center line of
county road from Warm Springs to San Jose
is intersected by N boundary line of Valpey
Hancho. dlvldlnff the same from lands of A
Hose, thence S\V 57.19 chains to post marked
"HP" In W boundary line of Rancho (Urua
Caliente. thence SE H. 84 chains, Ne'mh
chains. NW 11.61 chains to beginning "Wash
ington Township; $lv.
S. R. Van Wyek to Bank of Ltvermore lots
7, S and 9, block 43, lots 7, 8 and 9 block 49
lots 10, 11 and 12, blook 47, map of Northern
Addition to Town of Lfivermore, Murray Town
ship; $528.
W. W. Camron to William Mann, lot on NE
corner of Albion and Grove streets F 88'llU
X 100 W 98:2%, S 100 to beginning.' portion of
lots 4, a and 6, Alden Tract, Oakland (quit
claim deed); $1. M
Joseph 11. and Agnes A. Simpson to Robert
-V- M w tin ; IS 1 on N I!ne of Thirty-sixth street.
ili:s \\ of Teleprraph avenue, W 31 by N 150
Oakland (subject to mortgage for $1900)- $10
■nS?« an Annptte Cushing to Thomas ?.
A\llllams Jr.. lot on E line of Franklin street.
2..fi N of Fourteenth, N 65 by E 150, Oakland;
Annie E. and "William E. Logan to Albert S.
Woudbrldge, lot on SE line of Twelfth avenue
250 XE of East Twenty-fourth street, NE 50
by SE 150, block 160, Clinton, East Oakland
(subject to TTKrtpra.ee); JlO.
Real Estate Combine (a corporation) to Realty
Syndicate (a corporation). 80 acres beglnninK
fit a stake which bears XE and is 37. 70 chains
distant from SW corner of 500-acre tra.'t ol
Chittenden & Slmson, which stake is In mid
dle of road leading from East Oakland to
Mnraga Valley anil at W corner of lOSft-acre
tract of Milberry, thence XE 18.64 chains, Nff
17.95 chains to stake in center of Indian GuU-h.
thence down said gulch to a stake from which
a tree bears SE 45 links them.- SE 16.70 chains
to beginning. Enst Oakland; Sin.
Kdlth A. Hook to Johannah Stehle, lot on E
corner ol lot 9. lands of Brooklyn I>and Com
pany and right of way of California Railway
Company, thence 5W J.7J chains by SE 8.30
chains. Brooklyn TOWBBhfn: also lot On NE
line of Fleming avenue, 3.30 chains SE from
SE line of rlt?ht nf way of California Rnilway
Company, SE 2.G4 chains by XE 3.79 chains.
Brooklyn Township: $in.
Johanna and Adolph Stehle to Edith A. Hook.
lot on SW line of right of way of 8. P. C. R.
R. Co.. 87:6 SE of Post street. SE 37:fi by SW
85:8. being the SF 12:0 of lot 27 and XW 25 feet
of lot 3fl. Hirsehfeld Tract. Alamoda; $10.
Abbott T... Whitney to V. F. Titus. lot on S
line of Mono avenue. 270 W of Shattuck. W 290
S 146.47. E 2W, X 12R.2S to beginning,, hejn;,
lots 5 to 10, block D. resubdivlslon of portion
of Brumaglm Tract. Oakland: $10.
I* C. and Mary E. Mnyhew to J. Armstrong,
lot on E line of Spring street, 433 S or Vine,
N 42. E 140, N 84, X 160. S 84, W 160, B 42, W
140 to beginning, being portion of lots 13 and
14, block 3, Berkeley View Homestead, Berke
ley; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
William M Short, lot 202 Am plat 5. Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $109.
J. Armstrong to L. C. -Mayhew, lot on E lm»
of Spring street, 451 S of Vine, X 42, E 135. N
42, E 5, S S!. W 140 to beginning, being portion
1 of lots 13 and 14, block 3, same, Berkeley ; SlO.
j The McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
John P. Moreland, lot 29 and S half o£ lot 28.
in subdivision A, Frititvale Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Fannie L. Stevens to Mary T... Laymance.
(wife of M. J.), lots 1 to 6, block T, Kemphlll
Tract, Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed- $10.
Laurits N. Hansen to Anna C. Hansen (wire
of I,aurits N), lots 3 and 4. block B, Latham
Terrace, Brooklyn Township; also lot 15, block
1), map of subdivision of lots ]> and E. Cham
pion Tract, Brooklyn Township;' also lot on
N line of Hopkins str^n. 80 W of Fruitvale
avfnue. W 32 by X 125, being a portion of
Diamond Tract, Brooklyn Township: gift.
i Antoine Borel vs. Robert M., Edward W.,
George A. and Arthur M. Hill (executors of
' estate of Samuel Hill, by Robert McKlllican.
Sheriff) to J. A. Remmel, all Interest in same,
Alainuda; $141!».
J. A. and Elizabeth H. Rimmel to John H.
Skinner, lot on X line of Clinton avenue, 200 B
of Willow strret, E 50 by N 130, being portion
lot :> in W half of block O, lands adjacent to
Eccinal, Alameda; $10.
Theresa and George U Hughson to Janet Ing
ler (wife of James A.), lot on B line of Union
street, 181:6 S of Went Fifth. S 25 by E 133:3.
l^tii; lot 18, block 47-;, Briggs Tract, map 2,
Oakland; $10.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco £or the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day fmm the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the hall was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X . in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. JUNE 4.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7:28
Moon rises 1:56 a. m.
. NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tid»
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given art' additions to the sounding's on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precede? the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the liwer low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrofrraphie Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chant' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 3, 1839.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Comma nil^r. T7 P. X.. In chare*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. June 8.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. 4S hours from Coo«
Bay. V- ■ ■
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, 22 hours from Usal.
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, 26 days from Ma
; nila, via Nagasaki 18 days.
Stmr Bonlta, Nicolson, 72 hours from New
. port and way ports.
. Nor stmr Tltania; Egenes, 96 hours from Na
-1 natnio. * : ■i 4;
CLEARED.
Saturday, June 3.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr I\ mona. Parsons, Eureka: Gvodall,
Perkins &■ Co. .-:.<-
Stmr Queen. Jepsen, Victoria and Port Town-
Bend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Port Albert, M arris, Seattle; R B
Hogue.
Bktn S N Castle. Hubbard. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. v-
Schr Winchester, Huhs, Unea; Alaska Cod-
S Schr°Coke. Freitsch, Manila; Williams, Di
mond & Co. gAij ,__
SAILED.
Saturday, Juna 8.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Scotia. Lundqulst, —
stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Aus stmr Slam, Ralcieh. Nanalmo.
Br ship Cedarbank, Robblfs, Liverpool.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
"schr Alice. Isaackson. Eureka
Schr A M Baxter, Marshall, St Michael.
Schr Lily L, Hansen. Bristol Bay.
Schr Golden ©"ate; Madden, — . — ..
MEMORANDUM.
Per Zealandia, from Manila, June S— June 2.
130 miles west of San Francisco saw a Br ship
bound In; also a four-masted schooner bound
in " . DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 2— Schr Let
titia. nence May 23.
Sailed Juno 2— Schr Vlkmc, for San Fran-
PORT ANGELES— Pass** up June 3— Br ship
Willi'ir" Mitchell: bark Carondelet. hence May
V. for Port Gamble.
pn-n-r T< "' L — — '' bailed inward June 3 —
Stmr T *— -HUa, hence May 31. for Victoria.
VENTURA— Arrived June Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro.
Sailed June 3 Stmr Pasadena, for. Eureka.
! SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 2— Stmr Navarro,
from Usal.
Sailed June 2— Stmr Pasadena, for Ventura.
NEAII BAY — Passed June 2 — Ship Loul*
Walsh/ from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— June Ship Servla. for
San Francisco. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
LONDON— Sailed June 2— Ship R D Rice, for
New York.
HlLO— Arrived May 30— Haw bark Roderick
Dhu. hence May 10. o\i days.
Sailed Mai 21— Bark Edward May. for San
Fran.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— June 3— Stmr Graf Wal
<].■:>. ••. for Hamburg, via Cherbourg and South
ampton; Btmr Spaarndam, for Rotterdam, via
Boulogne; stmr Lucania< for Liverpool; stmr
City of Rome, for Glasgow.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previously June 3—
Stmr Olympia, from Tacoma.
BREMEN— Arrived June 3— Stmr Barbaroasa,
from New York, via Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived June 3 — Stjnr
| Koenigen Louise, from New York, tor Brem*VBoy's AND Girls' Page
m^^wsm^^s^^&^&^
BED M.^Q&Ekm
SING HOP BREAKS A COASTING RECORD
AMD SURPRISES TWO BAD WHITE BOYS
SLNG HOP is 11 years old. He goes
i" a Chinese school and. in some
way, has mad<-- the acquaintance
■ f little Frank Kelly, who is full
of fun, but does not care so much
•■• afl he .ueht. Frank knows
about what is going on in Ban
Is o ihan is known by half the
Among his possessions is a
Bter," which he made, with the
if Tim Rafferty. out of the hoards
acklng b"X and four round pieces
. thai he picked up and used for
ts. His coaster has no hrake. but
it will run down hill with the speed of
the wind. Frank manages to hold It
bach with a barrel Btave which he
und< '■ the front of the wheels
and grips with all his strength— when
tshes to go slower than lightning
...
Ik Kelly and Tim "Rafferty have
■ to smile upon the Chi
rchants in Chinatown who
hile, have stocks of fire*
md ■•ili' t noise-making in
ns that heln bo well to celebrate
h of Juiy when that glorious
■ ■ tuna. ■ While they w ere
-: about <>n Dupont street and
• ■ nds of the merchants
Frank Kelly espied little Ping Hop.
Now Sing Hop, although I haw m Bay
;-". h ! hookey," like a white
bad white boy some-
Hi aas about to go to the Chi
ol when Tim Invited him t.F
T( :• graph Hill and have some
■'• 1 1 b nd Tim overpersuaded
■ • He wEii= afraid to go. but
talked so much that he
uh them.
n the three boys reached the hill
In school and
; all their own
hing little Sing Hop to ride a
■ ly's. Sing Hop was
■ first. He stood by and
d when Frank and Tim went
a ste< p grade. By and by he
■ n itn Tim, who was
up to a gi tical joke,
? his confi
■
Ing the barrel save for a
n Tim use it.
LEGEND
OF THE
GINGHOTREE.
I- India's mystic land
Is the roast of Trincomalee,
Near which; a thousand years ago.
Grew a beautiful Glngho tree.
Its fruit was large and rich and sweet.
Its perfume tinged the air.
And many a traveler, "neath its shade
Would rest the noontide there.
There came a King of the farther East,
Who had journeyed over and through
The mountains high and the vales so deep.
When the Gingho came In view.
"Here will we rest, my weary men;
All praise to God I" said he.
"He has sent us f"or] and wat*r to drink
■ pr< ading tree!"
they pitched their tents,
thankful that they wept;
They ate an.) <lr;.nk most heartily,
And soundly then they alept.
An t!v King awoke,
And In hi- seiiisli brain
Evolved thf thought, "I've no such tr*e
in all my Vast domain.
"I'll have it torn up. root and branch,
And in my garden there
THE ICE POND GIANT
WHO SCARED TESSIE
IT hail been freezing hard for the
j.apt few days and the gnat p<>n<l
in Colville was covered with Ice,
making this exoeptiona'ly fine for
skating. Of course all the boys
and took advantage of this op
portunity and for quite a distance be
yond the pond could be heard merry
of laughter and the shouts of the
skat- rs. Little Tessle Murray heard
these sounds and longed t" join in
them.
Mamma dear, please let me go with
Leedie Shor)ny Wit^ Plue Eyes, Who MaKes Lots of Vorl^.
IT vas un a pright und sunny tay;
Der vas a great pig puasle;
A leedle ting it curad to us—
A leedle ting mit lots ov muszle.
t had lot* 'iv hair oupon Its head,
Und !• ■ 'ii- eyes bo plue—
I ras so tickled— ha, ha—
1 knew nix vot to dv.
He's nhust bo vat as never was!
Ye calls him leedle Shonny,
Di d all der tings he allez doz
• He allez doz bo funny.
Pye ur.d pye he ghrew a leedle;
At night he'd 'gin to roar;
Mi vife goes vlld mit noise
'Now," said Frank to Tim, exult
ingly.
"Now," answered Tim In a hoarse
whisper.
Wheel what a cry little Sing Hop
pet up when he started down the grade
alone! In less than half a minute he
was trio worst-scared boy on tne ra
cific Cirast. The barrel stave fell from
his hands and he clutched both sides
of the coaster. He had a clear course
and a speedy track S] eedy? His flight
down Telegraph Hill will be historic for
at least a year on the hill, which is a
long time for boys to remember any
one thing keenly.
One hundred feet down he found him
self chasing closely a cur dc-g, which
was more scared than he was. "Xi yi!"
yelled the dog.
"Xi yi!" yelled Frank Kelly and Tim
encouragingly.
Tt was a bad day for the '!"j- r . The
coaster ran as if to make a coast record
for speed. Little Sing Hop felt the
wind sweep his face as If it were a hur
ricane spe< ding by. Behind him a
larep nn 11 action nf bowlders chaseii the
Will plant it whore 'twill shelter all
My knights and ladies fair.
"Rouse up, my i , up your tents.
The morning god is nigh,
His rnys above tlv eastern hills
Begin to streak th>- sky!"
His courtiers rose and hurriedly
Prepared to journey on,
And fast of all, to feasi once more,
But lo! the fruil was gone!
The tree had withered in the hour
That daylight Ailed tlit- sk\ ,
And all his men despairingly
Saw, too, the stream was dry!
"Q. King! O. King! the tree is dead!"
< 'ned t hi y In Loud alarm ;
"What evil spirit hath dime this —
Hath dune the Gingho harm?"
The Kins bethought the sin was Ids.
And a voice came from the tree:
"God placed mo here for man and beast—
But not for such as ye!"
They left the spot; they journeyed on
And on. beyond the plain;
Then from the tree the f"liago sprung
And rich, ripe fruit again!
Eddie to the prind. My end] is all well,
now, and I'll be back in about an hour
or so. Do let m° go," shr pleaded.
Mrs. Murray realized how p her little
daughter longed to go and she felt
porry for her. Hut if she allowed her
darling to go nut Into the * -< « l « l it might
cause her death. Tepsio was told all
this, but still she thought it "mean"
and felt tempted to go out anyway
when her muthpr wasn't looking. Mrs.
Murray kepi "v sewing and didn't no
tice her little girl.
Five o'clock "came, and sh^. went to
the kitchen to see about supper. She
didn't bother about Tessie, ac the child
generally went off and played with her
T'nrl I vmlks him mlt der fJure.
Der l<-fdlp tint's rot lots ov uodth!
i>< r \ ;iy ■ i kroul
] hope he'll pc a threat pis Man,
So pip: und Btrong und Bfoudt.
Dese Nedle tinps are lots ov droubles,
Der makes us lota ov york,
Although I mlt him wouldn't hart
Nor from mine dudty shirk.
l*nd yen dis leedle yon ghrowa oup
I hnpp he'll ho so funny
As yen he vas a l< edle poy —
<;■■•! pipgs our lfodlo Snonny.
MKS. II L. SHBNTON.
San Rafael.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JUNE 4, 1899.
coaster, as if racing with it.
The two hoys at the top of the hill
and a passing man saw Sing Hop speed
ing <>n with the fury of a cyclone. Then
came a collision. Another hark was
wrecked— that is, the coaster hit the
cur dog and threw it into the air with
such force that it turned half a dozen
somersaults before it struck on its feet.
Then the coaster made a sudden curve
and ran right in the direction of the
passing man.
Biff! Crash! The passer is down!
His hat is tossed in the air. His teeth
are jarred. He can hardly realize what
has happened to him.
"Go it, '"hina!" yells Tim from above.
Frank also lends his yell of encourage
ment.
I am sorry to tell what happened
then, hut I must. There was an ash
barrel in the street into which the
ci aster had suddenly turned. Sing Hop
saw it; perhaps the coaster had a
grudge against that barrel. At any
rat< the barrel was in the path. An
oth< r flash »f time and the coaster has
Struck the barrel. Then, for the first
lirii'' since he started to "coast," Sing
Hop loses his lurid. The coaster rises
lik.' a skyrocket. Will it never come
down? Sing Hop rises even faster and
falls as suddenly. Head first he strikes
dolls. At fi o'clock Mr.' Murray and
T-M'li.' <;:t]ic- home. When they were
seated at the table .\irs. Murray ran
to Tessle's playhouse i" call h-T to sup
per. To h^r great surprise the play
house was all in confusion, but no lit
tle girl was i" he seen. She ran from
room i" room calling her. Receiving no
answer, she grew alarmed and atartled
her husband and sun by running sud
denly int-r the dining-room.
"What's the matter?" they asked.
' < >h, I can't find Tessle anywhere."
she answi v d. "I'm afraid Bhe has gone
to th( pi nd and been drowned, or some
thing else, oh, dear, dear!"
"Surely Tessle wouldn't have gone,"
paid Mr. Murray. "Why d<> you think
that?"
Th.-n Mr«. Murray told how badly
Tessie had felt when she was refused.
IM'iw assured his mother that he had
not seen Tessie at all at the pond.
Mrs. Murray suggested forming a
search party, but her husband Paid
they must search the house first. So,
forgetting suppf-r and all else but their
dear Tessie, they went from room to
room, looking in every corner and
crevice, calling their dear one, then
listening for a reply. Just as they were
examining one of the bedrooms upstairs
a shriek rose on the air. It was Tessie'a
voice and it came from the spare room.
What could have happened? Filled
with th- greatest anxiety, and .hurrying
lest a moment lost should prove fatal.
they reached the door and threw it
open. A little figure sprang from the
liln.r.
"Oh, mamma!" it cried, rushing into
.Mrs. Murray's arms. "I've had the aw
fullest dream!" Mamma claßped her
pel to her breast with a silent but
heartfelt prayer of thanksgiving. Tes-
Bie t"lil them how she had pone up to
this room to rry and had cried herself
to Bleep. She dreamed that she had
disobeyed mamma and had pone down
to the pond. There she had a fine time
skating.
All of a sudden every one disappeared
;u.'! Bhe was left alone on the pond.
She cried, but no one came to her. She
ran off the icp, 'and immediately the
pond became a great giant. "You have
disobeyed your mother." it said, "and
you must be punished."
"So, mamma," added Tessie, when
Bhe had finished her Btory, "he was
coming t<; eat me when I yelled and
woke up. Oh, I am bo glad I didn't
disobey you and go to the pond."
"So am I, dear. I hope you never
will, for a bad end always comes to a
child whu is disobedient."
NELDIE BURNS.
1608 Castro street.
PUZZLERS AND WRITERS.
ONK of tho puzzles presented this
morning was designed by one of
our young friends— Jennie R.
Pulsifer of South Vallejo— *nd it
is numbered 2. When ycm have
guessed the answer try to do as well.
Perhaps you can. There was more fun
than a little last week when the an-
Bwers to puzzle No. 7 were looked over.
Many children found that the answer
>\;is tomato (Torn-ate-o) — but there
were others who found that the an-
Bwer was u-m-ate-o and letters (let
in- • ) and tomato and catsup. These
Ingenious children ought to be coneid
ered as doubly honorary and would be
bo oredited if there were any way to
indicate the fact in the Roll of Honor;
but it is much to get o-n the Roll, as
may be seen by the comparatively small
number enrolled. The answers to the
puzzli s appearing last Sunday morn-
Ing are as follows: Nectarine, cookies,
dumpling, butter, bologna, sugar, to
mato. This morning we have some
California towns not named in the puz
-3l( b before. The towers are getting few
that arc available for puzzle making.
But there are many familiar objects,
and these will let us keen right along
with ii:" pictorial puzzles for some time.
How would it do to tell you a short
:t 'TV -very short, of course—in that
way' some Sunday morning soon? That
will lie n< w. Look out for the pictorial
Btory. The usual list of our guess
• rs who deserve honorary mention, al
though not on the Roll of Honor this
\v. < k. is as follows:
Anna Vnlkinann, 514 Castro street, Rnn
Francisco; Veatino Smith, 227 Montealm
street, San Francisco; Amy Robinson,
1016 East Sixteenth street. East Oakland;
in the ba-rrel. which is not very strong.
There has never been a barrel that
could stand such a shock and come out
as good as new. Sing Hop acts like a
battering ram. A Chinese laundry
man's horse that sees this part o-f the
scene runs away in fright.' The cur
dog thinks that Sing is after him again
and flees with his tail between his legs,
howling dismally.
You may not believe it, but Sing Hop
broke through the side of the barrel,
which was nearly empty. There were
just enough old cabbage leaves In the
bottom of the barrel to save his life by
furnishing a soft cushion for him t'->
strike upon.
"He's killed!" yells Tim in horror.
"Sure!" is the fearful answer of
Frank.
The two white boys ran to a place of
hiding, thinking that they already hear
the policeman on the beat chasing after
them.
Sing Hop managed to get out of the
barrel. A Chinese laundryman, after
he had caught his runaway horse, came
to his rescue. Sing Hop had a ride
homeward in the laundry wagon. He
no more cares to play with the two
white hoys, nor has h* ever been known
to play hookey since. They say that
they cured him of the bad habit.
Ruth Ware. Pol fax. Cal.; Druaie Dwyer,
2108 Greenwich street, San Francisco; Ed
die Brendage, 1716 Eighteenth avenue.
South San Francisco; Tom Hither, [ngo
mar, Cal.; Charles Levinson, ss Cumber
land street. Ban Francisco; Edna Prosek,
508 Hermann street, San Francisco; Edith
Searls, 2116 Alarm da avenue; Arthur
Tichner, Carson, Ney,; Loretta. Cuoney,
586 Pan Jose avenue, San Francisco.
Dear Editor: This is my lirst letter to
The Call. I am In the fourth grade and I
go to the Garfleld School. I am eight
years old. and my teacher's name Is Miss
Bradley. My father has taken The Call
Drawing by Joe Nl derost, Aged 14.
for a good many years. I am very much
interested in the Hoys' and Girls' Page
and like to gurss The puzzles. I wish to
Bee my letter published. 1 have a sister
and her name is Zaidee. I remain, your
little reader, MYRTLE MARS"II.
1190 East Twenty-first street, Oakland.
Dear Editor: I am a little hoy six and
a half years old, and my mamma has
read the Boys' and Girls' Page in your
Bunday Call to me for three years. I
have enioyed the stories about "Prince I
Don't Tare"' 50 much and hegppd my
mamma to write you for me. asking if
you would not print us some more of the
adventures of the fearless little Prince.
I think many of The Call readers will
ioin me in this request. 1 hqp€ you will
jirint my letter. RAYMOND SMITH.
Modesto, < 'al.
Dear Editor: I am 11 years old and live
on a farm. We have eight horses, three
cows, two calves and a great many
chickens. My papa takPs The Call and
it Is a nice paper. The Boys nnd Girls'
page is the best of all. I have two sisters
and f^vu brothers. I am 4 feet 8% Inches
tall. I am large for my age. Next time
I will write more. I hope my letter will
be published. So good-by.
MARGARET R. THOMAS.
Nevada County, Cal.
Dear Editor: We take The Call at our
ROLL OF HONOR.
ROBERT EDWIN AN
DERSON. 3726 Twenty
fourth street, San Fran
cisco; Stewart I. Kendall,
1076 Fourteenth street,
Oakland; Harry Smith, 120
Fell street, San Francisco;
Frankie Goowey, 300 Page
street, San Francisco; Anita
Robledo, 1501 Scott street, San
Francisco; Nivene Coffin,
Dutch Flat, Cal.; T. Francis
O'Connor, 1602 Eddy street,
San Francisco; Ada Haydel,
1730 Ninth avenue, East Oak
land; Edna Collins, 1835 F
street, Fresno; Russell P. Fitz
gerald, 42Q Monterey street, Va
llejo; Edna Horn. 20 Hampton
place, San Francisco; Emile
Louis, 113 Valley street, San
Francisco; Nellie Maguire, 1605
Dolores street, San Francisco;
Ella Gianotti, 760 San Jose
avenue, San Francisco; May
Riley. 225 Pierce street,
San Francisco; Hazel Mont
gomery, 1219 Golden Gate
avenue, San Francisco; Agnes
Cullnan, 1730 Church street,
San Francisco; Eunice Henry,
1926 Market street, San Fran
cisco; Isabelle Wilkie, 433
Oak street. San Francisco;
Louise E. Keil, 6 Waller street,
San Francisco; Nellie Oster,
211 Shotwell street, San Fran
cisco; Mabel Cohn, Folsom,
Cal. r ; Annie Fitzgerald, Gilroy;
Emily Houston, 52 Silver
street. San Francisco; Elmo
Bennett, Gilroy: George Mal
colm Campbell, Gilroy; W.
Earle Wohler, Salinas.
house, nnd have been taking It for years.
When Sunday morning comes I am the
first one to "read it, for 1 am always
anxious to see the Boys' and Girls' Page.
I am a little girl, with brown eyes and
yellow Hair. 1 go to the Burnett School
and I loye mv teacher dearly. Her name
Is Miss Eva Hanford. Hoping you will
publish this in next Sunday's Call, as this
is my lirst attempt. I remain.
BERTHA WIDMAN.
1717 Eighteenth avenue, South San Fran
cisco.
Dear Editor: This [a my first letter to
Tli' 1 Call. I go to the Dnrant School in
Oakland. I have two chums, Edward
Kady, a very smart boy in school, and Ed
Schmidt, also a good boy. I am not so
rood as those two boy p. Edward Kady
It irning to be a butcher and Edward
Schmidt a coffee dealer, and myself a
first-class fruit dialer. I help my father
on Saturdays. 1 go to Sunday school on
Sunday well, 1 hope to see this in next
Sunday's Call. WILLIE ROUSE.
Oakland. Cal.
Dear Editor: T am a little girl 5 years
and 11 months old. I will be fi years old
the 30th of May. I go to Marshall Pri
mary School. Am in the second grade.
Miss Fair child is my My
mamma has taken The Call for many
years and we like it very much and I
re;\(] the children's letters every Sunday
morning. I would like to see this print
ed next Sunday. My name is
ETHEL MAYER SHEPARD.
1921 Mission street, San Francisco.
Dear Editor: This is the first letter I
have written you, so I hope you will print
it. 1 go to Bcbool and I am in the fourth
grade. I am 1" years nld. We only have
two wore weeks of school. My teacher's
name is Miss M. E. Norton. I have a
p my and trap that I drive. I have a lit
tle baby pigeon. It is only a few days
old. ] live in Rocklln and come down to
San Francisco In the snmmfr time. I like
to read the Boys' md Girls' page very
much. BEATRICE WHITNEY,
Rocklln. Cal.
D^Rr Editor: T am a little girl lf> years
old. I like to guess the puzzles in" The
Call. I will now close, hoping to see this
publisher) next Sunday. I remain your
little reader. NELLIE OSTER,
211 Shotwell street, San Francisco.
Dear Editor: My papa has taken The
fall for several years and 1 take great
pleasure in reading the Boys' and Girls"
page. I live in the country and go to
school with a pony and cart. I am 10
years old; am in the fifth grade and my
teacher's name is Miss. Souie. and I like
her very much. This is my first letter
to you and I hope to see it printed in next
Sunday's Call. Your little reader.
MARY LOUISE WILLTAMS.
Manka, Cal.
Dear Editor: I live in Berkeley and I
go to the convent school. We take The
Call every Sunday. 1 read the Boys' and
Girls' page, but I cannot guess the puz
zles. My fnther is the superintendent of
the California Yigorit Powder Works. 1
am the poet of my family, and I send you
here a little poem, ap I hope to see my
letter published in the Boys' and Girlo'
page. Your reader.
THOMAS GALLAGHER,
East Berkeley.
Dear Editor— We see many papers, but
the Sunday Call is the best, because it has
so much in «x to amuse and teach children.
It is fun t<T work out the puzzles and it
also teaches us tbe names of our towns,
NATURE'S RED ROSES WERE COAXED
TO BLOOM UPON A CHILD'S PALE CHEEKS
IT was a fine summer morning and the old farmhouse looked beautiful, with
the honeysuckles climbing up on the kitchen windows. The roos.ters were
crowing and the hens were clucking in the farm yard. The good old house
cat lay stretched out on the front porch in the sunshine. The growing
grain and the flowers waved gently to and fro in the soft wind.
In a big hospital, in a large, hot city a little girl lay on a white cot. She
was- sick, but the doctor said that if she could go Into the country, and get out
among the hay and flowers, and take long country drives, she would get well
and color would come back to her cheeks. Her parents were poor. They had
barely enough to keep her in the hospital. If she should go alone to the country
she would be among strangers. So it seemed that she -would not get the change
that she needed.
One day a farmer and his wife came to the city to sell butter. They owned
a nice farmhouse. When they had sold their butter they went to the hospital
and there saw this little girl. .She was asleep, but they could Bee that she was
pretty, and both fancied her and asked the doctor about her. The farmer went
to see her mother while his wife remained in the hospital to await his return.
The farmer was surprised when he visited the mother's house to see how
neat it was. He had been told that the mother was poor and he had expected tu
find the house dirty. He had another surprise when he saw the mother. She
was a nice little woman. She had no fine clothes, but her dress was neat. She
said "Come in!" in a pleasant voice and took the farmer into the parlor and
asked him to sit down. He told- her why he had come and talked a long time
with the mother.
Meanwhile the doctor and the farmer's wife talked at th<=> hospital and Ethel
awoke and looked around. She had just paid that she would likf to go to the
country when her mother and the farmer came in. Ethel was told that she
could go, and soon she was in the surrey and on her way to the farm. They had
a pleasant ride and a pleasant talk. Pretty s .on they came to the farm. Ethel
was given a nk'e room and when she was ready she had dinner.
Ethel has been on the farm now about a year. She does not look like the
girl who was pick in the hospital. Her parents will soon move to the country.
Ethel wears a little white pinafore sometimes. She looks very nice.
Among the toys that Christmas brought her was a box of paints. She
thought that she would paint a rose red. She did this very well. That night,
as Dame Nature was looking over the flowers, she noticed that the painted rose
looked very pretty. The next morning Ethel found that there were red roses
where there had been only white roses before. Ethel thinks that Dame Nature
heard her wish that there might b? more red ropes and that Nature so painted
them to make a little girl happy. Perhaps Nature did. for the new red roses are
on Ethel's cheek?. BEATRICE ST'RRHYUE.
Fort Bragg, Cal.
*
TOM And Retta and Marjory,
Held by the rainy weather
Threi 1 prisoners fast, make up at
last
The jolliest game together,
For they pose as "living pictures"
In the nursery corner, playing
It's either a stage or a circus cage
Or a word with fairies straying.
Then the wonderful lion tamer.
Where chairs kept safe each growling
And savage beast— l know at least
One throat was sore with howling—
But Marjory calmly tamed them
With a tennis racket, tapping
Each furry head till they begged, instead.
She'd feed and lea\-e them napping.
But the fjre.it parade of the circus
Is the funniest thing-, for walking
In twos along the animals throng.
The elephant oven talking;
Why. you'd think a dozen monkeys
Some show were kindly lending";
Eut ifs Tom, you see, and Marjory
And Retta "just pretending."
cities and mountains quickly. I am 94
years old and I live at 515 R street, Fres
no, but we are staying here in Mariposa
because papa is sick here. I am in the
fifth grade. Your Sunday reader,
MERLE GOI'CHER, Maripooa, Cal.
Dear Editor: I will write to tell you
about the club which was organized on
The History of the Father of His Country Made Trouble.
JOHNNY had been a good boy for
a Ion? time and received from his
teacher a book on the life of George
Washington. He read the book
over until he came to the part
where George Washington rut down
the cherry tree and never got whipped.
So Johnny thought ha would try and
cut down his father's tree and he said
to himself when he went to get the
hatchet: "Of course I won't get
So Retta smiles as Beauty sweet.
While Tom. the B^ast, quite gravely
With a mighty hug and a wolf skin rug
Makes love and faces bravely.
But you'd laugh to see his Bluebeard
With a yellow turban nodding.
And bluing streaks on his rosy cheeks
From whiskers of cotton wadding.
Then up in a big clothes basket
On the high sea's raging billows
Drifts fair Elaine, who'll be. it's plain
Soon swamped in sofa pillows.
Next, Indian Pocahontas
In beads and feathers mainly.
Poor Smith to save from Tom, who gavift
His "hatchet act" too plainly.
April 4, 1889. Officers were elected, and
they are: Edna Lee. president; Gertie
Vaadcr, vice president; May McCarthy,
secretary; Mamie Sandy, treasurer, 'i
will also write you a short story. Your
reader. MAMIE SANDY.
San Francisco.
Will two writers furnish their ad
dresses? One is the author of the story
entitled "The Enchanted Lake"; the other
wrote "Foxey." The authors failed to
place their names on their manuscripts.
THE TALK OF THE TREES.
I THINK," said Little Nell, "that
everything that lives has a lan
guage of its own— even the flowers
and the trees, and now if you will
listen I will tell you a short story
about some proud young, jealous trees.
"Away off in the country there is a
group of trees, and this is what they
said to a poor old broken-down hollow
tree:
" 'If only a woodman would come
along and take you homely old shriv
eled up thing away! You are really
disgusting.'
"But little thought these hateful
young trees what a help this old dis
gusting thing as they called it would
pome day be to any one. Days and
weeks passed by in the same dismal
way for this old hollow tree.
"But one dark dreary night a little
wandering child came by shivering
with the cold. She looked up at these
tall jealous trees and said to herself,
'What ugly straight trees these are.'
"Then finally she glanced around and
saw the old tree and said, "Oh, what a
lovely tree,' and then she ran to it for
shelter.
"The young trees were so jealous
afterward that they never said any
thing to the old trep again."
BEATRICE WELDON.
Grass Valley.
whipped because George Washington
didn't."
The tree was soon chopped down and
he went into the house and his father
said: "Johnny, my boy, who cut down
papa's cherry tree?" Johnny said:
"Father. I cut it down with my little
hatchet."
"You did, " said the father, "then I
will whip you." So Johnny was fooled.
MA.MIX SANDY.
3132
Hales.
that otii^l
Summer
$ok^ dress goods.
Buyers cross the continent ever)
/y j/^\. season to assist the N. Y. residence
fr^ - f \ \=jS, corps. Buying for 700 people to sell
[I [ V *\-zz Covert Suiting— A fine soft finish all-
"~^ v* 3 wool fabric in the new blues, greens,
tans, modes and grays. One of, our most popular 75c lines
will be closed out on {he counters to-morrow 50«
Fancy Corded Suitings and small chevron designs In 1
rich, 45-Inch fabric, in blues, tans, modes and greens. Oni
of the most popular lines; on our counters to-morrow 50«
Fancy Check Suitings— A pretty little fabric for chlldren'i
dresses In blues, modes, greens, etc. Just the thing for sum
mer; 40 Inches wide; at Hale's sOc yan
Colored Serges— Hales celebrated all-wool 60c Serge: it toot.
us years to reach perfection in a 50c serge; a 45-inch fabric
In all the popular colors. including black; heavy and dur
able ; 50c yart
3000 yards of a good grade Sllicla. 30 Inches wide, in colon
and black; to be sold at Oc yard
Linen Canvas — All linen canvas, in grays and browns:
last of the 15c and 20c lots; these remaining two color;
will be sold at - 10c yan:
Outing suits.
Miscellaneous Shirt Waists — The popularity of some lines oi
our $1, SI .'•' and 12 shirt waists has broken assortments am!
about 150 waists In a good assortment of colors but a pooi
assortment of sizes; will be closed out this week at sOc
Outing Skirts— More popular than ever for the seaside,
mountains, yachting, picnics and general afternoon wear; all
our skirts are full width, thoroughly well made; a perfect
fit guaranteed.
Separate crash skirts 49c
Duck covert skirts 91.00
Pattern skirts, no two alike 82.50 to 55.00
Crash skirt .25
Outing Suits— The bissest demand for outing suits we have
ever' experienced has broken the assortment on some of our
$2, $2 50 and J3 suits; some have been slightly soiled by win-
dow display?; some left over from last season; these will
be put on sale, beginning to-morrow, at ijtl.OO suit
Tan Covert Cloth Jackets— Just the thing for camping and
knockabout vacation use; last season they sold for $2 95 and
13 50: sizes 35, 3S, 40 only; 18 of them left; to be closed out
at I:.. 1 .50 each
Our dressmaking parlors are prepared to take orders for
graduating suits, fancy waists and costumes, skirts and out-
lngsutts: some of the best- dressmakers in San Francisco are
employed In these parlors under the direct management of our
FRATERNAL.
Continued From Page Twenty-Eight.
appointed George Morgan, E. P. Egan and j
As. Glenn a committee to arrange for a
Maccabee excursion <>n the 4th of July.
A.l the last held meeting of California
Hive, Ladies of m. M • there was
nted to the hive a magnificent altar 1
cloth. Two propositions were received
that night.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.-
At the monster open meeting and recep- \
tim t< Bead Consul Falkenberg
on the last Saturday night in May in Me
chanics' Pavilion the head consul, on be
half of a number <>f the members of the
mps, presented to Special
user Garrett a beautiful gold
watch In appreciation of the work he has
dine for the order during the past few
months.
Last Monday night the announcement
■was made (n Golden Gate Camp that as a
result of the recent open meeting that
camp bad received sixty applications.
During the evening the following named
Initiated and ten additional applica
u < 1 1- presented and one candidate '
elected: Charles Welch. W. Reed, A.
Pfandler. J>. Riley and P. Hyman. Tho >
camp took the initiative in the matter of '
procuring medals to be presented to ;
woodmen who are in the service of the
United in the army or navy, at!
th<- Philippines. It is proposed after their
r»turn to this city to holri a public m- • •-
Ing and present each Woodman soldier a
medal Golden Gat< ''amp bas elected
the following as officers for the next term: i
E. J. Phelps, C. C; F. J. Quinlan, A. L,.;
L. Klkins, i;. ; T. W. Gates, \\\; E. Brown,
fv; J. Bright, M. These officers will he
Installed early in July. The camp will i
unveil a monument over th<' grave of the
late D. J. Rogers on th<- l^tri of June.
San Francisco Camp had a grand time
la-M Thursday night in Mission Masonic
Hall, fur after the business of the t-venlng
a new degree, called the gorilla, was con
f< rred on a number of candidates by the
great baboon.
The Beetle and Wedge, published by
r>r. M. B. Kstes. devoted to the interest
of the Woodmen <>f San Francisco par
ticularly an. l To these of tho Pacif.c juris
diction generally, is a very neat eight
page publication that hap a fine typo
graphical appearance, is filled with well
prepared matter, and ta a credit to the
publisher and the order.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
One of the principal events that have
recently occurred in the ranks of the
Knights and Ladies of Honor was the
presentation to Mrs. H. w. Qultzow of
Bay City Lodge of a magnificent diamond
pet emblematic badge or jewel of the or
der offered the member in the jurisdic
tion of California who brought In the
greatest number of members, she having
seventeen to her credit. The presentation
wns in the presence of many members and
a numb'T of the grand officers. Another
important event was the presentation of
n handsome silk American flag to Martha
Lodge for having during the term made
the largest gain in membership. At that
meeting there were present many mem-
V.rrs. a large number of visitors and sev
eral of the grand officers. Including Jiui
ior Past Protector Mrs. Wheelock, Grand
Protector Whitton and Grand Secretary
Qultzow. In glowing language the ban
ner was placed in the keeping of Martha
Lodge by the junior past grand protector
find it was received by the officers, who
gave the assurance that it will always be
cherished and will serve to enthuse the
membership in the good work In which it
is engaged.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Liberty Lodge at Its meeting of the
2"jd of May entertained a large number of
visitors In grand style. An interesting
event of the evening was the presenta
tion to R. A. A. Summers of a beautiful
gold watch charm, emblematic of the or
der and diamond studded. In apprecia
tion of his long services as treasurer of
the lodge. The presentation was by
Grand Assistant Dictator Ben I. Salo
mon. This came In the nature of a gen-
Bine surprise to Mr. Summers, but he sur
vived the shock and responded In a. neat
■potct- Professor Philip Prjor read
Hale'a.
special attention of hotel-keepers and large users to this sheet.
64x90 inches... 42Vic 72x90 Inches '•- ■■
63x90 Inches 47'vC 81x90 Inches 57MsO .
90x90 Inches <!2'tc
Hale's Perfect Hem Sheets — A good heavy sheet for ordinary usage; dry Ironed; hand
torn; good heavy muslin; 2-inch hem; all ready to use:
f.4x90 Inches .'lsc 72x90 inches... 4Oc
63x90 inches ."t7'-2C 81x90 inches 44c
90x90 Inches 49c
White Crash Bedspreads— These spreads were specially manufactured for Pacific Coast
hotel trade; hemmed and ready for use; a good heavy white crochet spread: 3000 in this lot;
70x83 inches 55c 72x87 inches 9Oc
72x54 inches 75c S4xSS Inches 91.15
— 82xS8 Inches $1.50
White Bedspreads — 100 spreads at a big saving to you this week; 11-4 size for a double
bed; a light-weight spread for a Bummer resort or hospital use; a good durable spread
that should pell at 95c apiece; 100 to be sold at JJ5c
Pillow cases A good heavy pillow case; specially adapted for hotel and summer resorts.
Will be placed on sale to-morrow at 8 l-3c each
Jgil'A Summer
2^Jfp' was
wm^ goods.
Oxford Suiting— A good heavy fabric for out- |
I Ing dresses; light blue, medium blue, laven-
der, pink and' red; figures, stripes or dotted
patterns; good for picnics; burrs won't stick
to this; 29 in. wide 12*$e yard
Percales— A big lot In medium and dark col-
ors; 86 in. wide; you will surely find something j
to suit you; It is an 8 l-3c quality, going out ,
at 60 yard I
Madras Putting— heavy fabric for outing
suits: 36 in. wide: pink, blue, lavender; in
stripes and check effects; will make a swell
little washable vacation suit 10c yard
•
Linen Effect Suitings— like linen; 33 j
in wide; plaid effects for shirt waists; good
enough for a 10c quality; Hale's price 6^c
Cream Embroidery Flannel— l yard wide; a
good quality flannel, prettily embroidered with
Bilk; 14 patterns to chose from at...... 45c yard
Cream Shakerette Flannel— 2soo " yds.; In a
good heavy quality; bought at less than usual
cost- 29 In. wide; to be sold out ..7V4e yard
Markhara's "Man With the Hoe"; M. L.
Crowe rendered pome of the "auld Srotch
songs," and Grand Dictator Archibald
rave an excellent address on "Our Or
der."
The Supreme L.odge will meet in De
troit, Mich., on the 13th inst., when sev
eral very important matter? will be
brought up. One •will be the proposition
to r-reate a reserve fund <>f $2,000,000,
which was laid over at the previous ses
sion; another will be the consideration of
the vital statistics, which the supremo
dictator was instructed to collect.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Robin Hood at Its last held meet
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones-.Rev.
E. A. Woods. D.D.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
Bt. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue aod Hayes
street^Jesult Fathers.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prendergast.
V. G.
Church of Corpus Chrlstl, fiO Croke street,
near Mission— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, between Third
and Fourth— Redemptorlst Fathers.
St. Francis, Montgomery avenue and Val
lejo street— Rev. T. Caraher.
6t. Mary's, Dupont and California streets—
Paullst Fathers.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near Mis
sion—Rev. F. S. Ford.
\
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Richmond Congregations:. Seventh avenue
and Clement street— Rer. P. Coombe.
t
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
First Congregational, comer Post and Ma
son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
St. -Ptophen's. Fillmore and Fulton streets—
Clergy of St. Stephen.
St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street-
Clergy of St Stephen's.
St. raul's, California street, near Stelner—
Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
St. James Mission. Sixth avenue and Clem
ent ptreet. Richmond— Clergy of St. Ste
phen's.
Trinity, Bush street, near Gough— Rev H.
S. Hansen.
Bt. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Bishop W. H. Moreland.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, corner Twenty
first and Capp streets — Rev. J. N. Beard.
California Street M. E., Broderick and Cal
ifornia streets— Rev. Frederick C. Lee.
Central Methodist Episcopal, Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh— Rev. Qfc&rle*
Edward Locke.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 4, 1899.
Hales.
Hotel and Summer Resort Supplies. sXi?s^lS£ r S:
Sk Beddings. Towels and linens. *»
jgjfff/~^?| fgr^ We are making special efforts to build up
irv/l^j^U^ our a ' rea( ty ' ar g e hotel arK * restaurant trade,
x '^ImoyV-L Direct -factory buying for cash lands goods to
II /lv/i]\v!^*^ us a J°b' :)ers ' cos ar| d sometimes less.
4 I IN(J •fiV""«»iL Whlt» or Gray Cotton Blankets— A good blanket for
| '■^yfX'^^s^St iummer resorts; size 64x76, 75c; 64x75...: 91-00
~>. Van i_j£*V ■ Cotton and Wool Mixed Blankets— White or Gray;
*■»■ " ■• a pood heavy weight for camping outfits or summer
hotels; 65x76 inches. $2.50 pair
Double Warp Hotel Sheets — The strongest sheet we have ever seen; spec-
ially made for heavy hotel usage; a double thread In the warp makes it doubly
strong; thoroughly bleached and ready for use; it Is the best wearing sheet
alifornla stores have ever handled: Derfect hem: dry Ironed: hand torn. We call
Camping outfit. '
Mexican Grass Hammocks 75c
24-inch Telescope Baskets, with strap.... OOc
22-ln.h Canvas Telescope, with 5trap....81.10
16-inch Hand Satchel $I.UO
Comb and Brush HOc
44-inch Turkish-Towels and 2-lb bar Cas-
tile Soap 25c
Alarm Clock 1»O<-
Good Sponge 5c
3-blade buck handle Pocket Knife 45«
Iron hnndle Knife and Fork JOe
Wood Plates, per dozen <;<•
Japanese Napkins, per 100 lUe.
13-inch Fry Pan lisc
Granite Steel Coffee Pot 25c
6-quart Steel Granite Stew Pan Use
Can Openers Ue
Corkscrews , 5c j
Coal Oil Stoves l>Oe ;
Water Pail 12c \
Hatchet 25«? >
Tin Coffee Flask 5c
Coffee Mill and Canister sOc
Air Rifle !>se
Trap Cages to catch birds llsc
Sand Pail and Shovel lOc I
ing In May had a most enjoyable time
after the regular business session. Hugo
B. Hatfleld, E. J. P. O'Riley and Oscar J.
Joly. who constitute the social commit
tee, provided a good programme of talent.
cigars and refreshments, also a collation.
Those who contributed to the pleasure of
the evening were: Chief Hanger T. A.
Miller, William Coughlan, Henry Sage
horn and G. F. Lawler. This court has of
lute been gaining In membership, and at
its present rate of increase promises to
become the largest court in the city. It
is The pioneer court of the ord»-r.
Court Sutro Heights at its last held j
meeting initiated several candidates and :
discussed ways to make the meetings so I
Morning— Sermon hy Rev. A. A. Kendrlck,
D.D., of St. Louis. Mo. Evening—Ad
dress, hy^Elev. Mr. Haggard, "Six Years
In India," and address by Miss Crawford
on "Work Amow the Indians."
Morning— "Echoes." Evening— Song ser
vice and preaching by the pastor.
Morninp— "Tho Lord Thy God." Evening—
"And Five Were Wise."
Morning— Rev. Father Gleason of Lob
Gatos will preach at 10:30 mass. Evening
—Solemn vespera and procession of the
blessed sacrament.
Morning — Forty hours' aevotlon; wrmnn
after 10:30 mars. Evening— Vespers and
sermon by one oft the fathers.
Morning— Feast of Corpus Christl; solemn
high mass at 10 o'clock; sermon by Rev.
Father Genna, S. J. Evening— Solemn
vesper*; sermon by Father Genna and
benediction.
Morning— Feast of Corpus Christ!; solemn
high mass at 11 o'clock. Evening — Solemn
vespers; mußlc by Choral Society.
Morning— At 7:30 mnss tne sodalities of the
children of Mary, Holy Childhood of Jesus
and Holy Angels of St. Francis will re
ceive holy communion; at 10:30 mass, ser
mon by one of the Fathers. Evening-
Solemn vespers and sermon by one of the
Fathers.
Morning— Muss at 10:30; sermon by Rev.
Father Otis. Evening— Solemn vespers;
sermon by Rev. Father Wyman.
Morning --"Go, Pisolple all Nations." Even
ing The services will be children's day
exercl<=»s.
Morning— "Uplifting Faith." Evening —
"The Call of God."
Morning— "The Effect of the Crucifixion
I'pon Christ." Evening— "Who Were Our
Representatives at the Crucifixion?"
Morning— Sacrament of the Lord's supper
and reception of members; address by pas
tor. Evening — "The Conservative and
Liberal In the Theology of To-day."
Morning— "The Home and Its Influence."
Evening— "The Conservative and Liberal
In Religion."
Morning— Holy communion. Evening — Even
song at 7:45 o'clock.
Morning- Sunday school at 9:30 o'clock.
Evening— Evensong at 8.
Morning— Holy communion at 7:30 a. m. ;
litany service: sermon by the rector.
Evening— Sermon by Rev. Charles Adams.
Morning— Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock;
morning prayer at 11. Evening—Even
song at 8.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning — Holy communion and sermon by
Archdeacon J. A. Emery at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Evensong and sermon.
Morning — "Environment and Character.'
Evening— "Social Ferment and Religious
Feebleness— Why We do Not Have Re
vivals."
Morning— "A Crippled Prince." Evening—
"Hanged on His Own Gallows"; prelude,
"The Cry of Boodle."
Morning— "Blessed Are the Meek." Even
ing—Metropolitan Temple, "Lessons From
tho Life of England's Gracious Queen."
Hales.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street.
interesting as to attract the. great major
ity of the membership at each session.
COMPANION'S OF THE F. OF A.
Grand Sub-Chief Companion Mrs. Flora
Jacobs, accompanied by Miss Agnes D.
Hremer. grand financial secretary', visited
Woodland last Friday night and reinsti
tuted Woodland Circle under the name of
Marguerite. The former membors and
new members have expressed a deter
mination to advance the Interests of the
circle and the order as well.
The convention of 1809, Mrs. !>. Atwood
chairman, has, after a great deal of ad
«> Trinity M. E., corner Fulton street and
<S» Allston way, Berkeley— Rev. John CoyW.
$>
<•> Simpson Memorial M. I". . corner Hayes and
<%> Buchanan— Rev. John Stephens.
<»
$> , _
<»> First M. E., Powell street, near Washington
<!> —Rev. W. 8. Urmy. "
«► : :
•i> Trinity Methodist Episcopal, corner Mar
<•> ket, Sixteenth and Noe streets— Rev. Theo.
<*, H. Woodward.
.
4> Richmond Methodist, southwest corner of
south California street and Fourth avenue <*>
—Rev. George Baugh. <£
a — — . „ m
<$> Potrero M. E., Tennessee street, near fio
<§> lano— Rev. S. M. Woodward. •
3> Epworth M E.. corner Church and Twen
<§> ty-slxth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
«o ; :
4> Fifteenth Avenue M. E., corner Fifteenth
<§> avenue and P street— Rev. W. D. Crabb.
<•> : : .
S Howard M. E.. Howard street, between
Second and .Third— Rev. John A, B. Wll
■•> son.
<fc.
<«> First English Lutheran. 1319 Geary street,
<$> . near Gough— E. Nelander.
3> ■: :
<s> Stewart Memorial U. P., Guerrero street,
<*> near Twenty-third — Rev. W. E. Dugan.
$>
<$> First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
<S> Sacramento street — Dr. Mackenzie.
<t> !
<J> Howard Presbyterian, Oak and Baker
<»> - streets. Panhandle. Golden Gate Park—
fßev. J. R. Jones of Central Presbyterian
4* Church, Los Angeles.
<^> _ . ~
'•> Calvary Presbyterian, corner Powell and
<to Geary streets— Rev. John Hemphlll, D.D.
<8>
*• ■ ___^ L_
<?> Franklin Btreet Presbyterian, corner of
<?> Franklin and Vallejo streets — Rev. David
<»> James.
<9> . ;
<»> Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
<<> Webster streets — Rev. Samuel S. Cryor.
<a> : ;
<♦> First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
<?> Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. 11. H.
<6> Bell. f
<fy !
<*> First Unitarian, southwest corner ■• Geary
<?> and Franklin streets — Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
4> minister emeritus; Rev. Ptopford W.
<*> Brooks, minister pro tempore.
<«>
<*> Second . Unitarian, Twentieth. . and Capp
4> streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.'
<?> „
<s> Bethany, Bartlett street, near Twenty-flth
<?> —Rev. W. C. Pond.
i ■ .
&
<«> Starr King A. M. E. Z"lon, 805 Stockton
<!> street — Rev. F. Brown.
4> ! :
<£ German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
<?> corner Twelfth and Stevenson streets —
<$> Rev. F. . W. Fischer.
«> .
<?> Y. M. C. A.. Ellis and Mason streets— Rev.
<«> H. H. McKnight.
<$ ___
<$> First Church • of Christ, Scientist, Central
<& block. 223 Sutter st. between Grant ave
<^> rue , and Kearny— The Bible and Sclenca
<j> and Health, With Key to the Scriptures.
4> Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ, 320
<i> Post iitreet— Rev. . C. A. Barkin,
Direct importers of table li/iens. Hale's Gait- jfffSil
fornia stores probably buy and sell more table linens : - S^/iY^'
than any firm west of Chicago. '] j^*|\ '.
Unbleached Turkish Towels— extra heavy towel and rood absorbent: ■ /f^r\yk t(\\ >
21x44 inches 12Hc 22x48. inches iSOc • $likLs!>V »
27x58 inches 25c " '**tl
Huck Towel« — Over 6000 huck towels in this one lot; it proves the quantity Hale's can
handle; especially purchased for hotel use; fine weave, woven selvedge, colored border;
nothing fancy, but a good, solid, serviceable towel; size /
17x34 : lOc . 19x39 .....' 13V4c
zux-»: 10 «-t«) L'JXIO znc
Half Bleached Napkins— dozen heavy German linen napkins; damask pattern: this
napkin was Imported for hotel and restaurant use; very heavy and durable; of good ap-
pearance and thorough wear:
19x19 Inches 91. 00 dozen 20x21 inches. 91.25 dozen
20x20 inches (extra) $1.50 dozen
18.000 Bleached Napkins— A direct importation from the foreign, manufacturers; one of the
strongest values we have ever offered to hotel and- restaurant keepers; 3-4 size; every
thread pure linen: •
20x20 Inches $1.00 dozen 22x22 Inches..... 91.50 dozen
24x24 Inches 93.25 dozen
Unbleached Table Damask— A good heavy damask tor general hotel and restaurant use:
M 1nch. ...25c yd 68 lnch.....'Ssc yd 63 inch.. ..roe yd 66 1nch. ...85c yd
• We call attention to the 66-inch width.
2000 yards Twill Crash Roller Toweling— l 7 inches wide; every thread linen; red border;
good for the kitchen: heavy and durable....: Oc yard
Table Damask— ls pieces of 72-inch table damask in a various assortment of patterns.
Will be placed on sale this week at '. sOc yard
For gentlemen.
Gent's Fine Balbrlggan Underweai — Summer
weight for vacation use; choap enough to wear
and throw away; blue or gray; silk-bound
front; French neck; drawers to match; at
Hale's - 25c each
Gent's Wool Mixed Underwear — Absolutely
unshrinkable; summer weight; silk-bound neck
an.l front; pearl buttons; a good garment for
summer wear sOc each
Gent's Night Gowns— Trimmed front; fancy
silk Ptitched collar and cuffs; 54 inches long;
a good full cut; well made; you could hardly
buy the muslin for the selling price; somebody
loses sOc each
Men's Flannelette Shirts— A good heavy shirt
for. vacation and country wear; double stitch- !
Ing: flat finished seams; pointed yoke; good
cut; wyll made: won't rip; a tough shirt for)
hard wear; at Hale's 3J)c each \
duous labor, completed Its arrangements
for the entertainment of the officers and
delegates to the Grand Circle. There will
be -i iirinpr the session a banquet one even
ing and the following evening a social in
the social hall (if the Alcazar.
On the last meeting: night in May there
was a good attendance in the hall of
Loreley Circle. "There were present many
of the members and a few visitors. Under
: good and welfare there was presented to
Mr. rind Mrs. R. Munck from the circle
a large basket of beautiful (lowers as an
anniversary wedding jiift. The members
named have been most faithful and active
'■ and the circle took that way of showing
i its gratitude for their efforts. After the
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
— Same.
Mi imlng— Sermon by Rev. E. R. Pope, D.D.,
of Minnesota. Evening — Preaching by the
pastor.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
— "Joshua and Success "
Morning— "The More Excellent Knowledge."
Evening— "The Kingdom."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning — Preaching by the poftor. Evening
— Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening
— Same.
Morning— "The High Fellowship of Work."
Evening— "Relief for the Man With the
Hoe"; Edward Markham, author of the
poem, will speak.
Morning — "Additions to the Church." Even-
Ing— "How the World Waa Made."
Morning— An address by a returned mission
ary. Miss Embleton. Evening — Prelude,
"Chinatown Iniquities."
Morning— "The Potter and His Wheel."
Evening — "Certayntes in Religion."
Morning— Preaching by tha paator. Evening
—Same.
Morning — Sermon by the pastor; the sacra
men.t of the Lord's supper will be ob
served at the close of the morning's ser
vice; special music. Evening— "Rest."
Morning— "Perseverance." Evening—"Pres
ent Blessedness."
Morning— Sermon by Rev. E. H. Avery,
D.D., of Vlnton. la., "The Crtb of Re
ligious Conviction." Evenings — "In His
NaAe."
Morning— "The Crowned Christ." Evening
*— "An Unanswerable Question."
Morning— Sermon by Mrs. Brooks, "Love
Your Enemies." Evening— No evening
service.
Morning— "Truth In Life; or, the Secret of
Peace." Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— Lord's supper. Evening— Series of
practical sermons from curious texts — "A
Cake Not Turned."
Morning— "The Steps of Christ" Evening—
"The Safe and the Unsafe Way; or, the
Hoping Mankind."
Morning— "The Man Born Blind and His
Misery." Evening — "A Sermon to Young
Men."
Afternoon— Rev. H. H. McKnlght will ad
dress meeting for men only at 3 o'clock.
Morning— "God the Preserver of Man."
All invited.
Morning— Services and sermon. Evening—
Preaching by F. M. Sheehy,
Hales.
Snaps '.§&
iv r , k&sri
ladies. . %*^ fT'"'^iKs
Ladies' Spun Bilk '^T>-;^^>?W V
Vests — L. N. • N. N.. ~^" >■<*s§>--, ':> »v*j>
Richelieu ribbed; taped jf-^yWi-^'ii^^^
neck and armlets; pink, '^^J^'iSSr^y
blue, cream and black;
> nly 120 of the big lot i
left, in sizes 3 and 4 only; it was a 75c vest:
the remaining lot will be sold on the tables
for 48c each
Ladies' Spun Silk Vests— H. N. S. 8.. medium
heavy weight; Swiss ribbed; Bilk front; pink,
blue and. black; only 72 of this lot left In sizes
3 and 4 only; this was a SI 50 vest; to be closed
out beginning to-morrow .....OSc each
Ladles' White Cotton Vest*— L. N. N. S.. Jer-
sey ribbed and shaped; Imitation lace
trimmed neck and armlets; good to wear where
you can't find a laundry; cheap enough to
throw away; on the center tables to-morrow..
lOC
Ladles' French Imported Lisle Thread Vests
— 11. N. S. S. ; Swiss ribbed; self front; crochet
neck; only a few of the $1 lot left; a miscel-
laneous assortment, mostly ecru and a few In
black; the lot to be closed out to-morrow
it .....v... ...:......... ..50c
presentation the business closed, and then !
followed a musical programme and a col- !
lation.
Grand Chief Companion Coburn has re- j
turned from Los Angeles, where he insti- 1
tuted a new circle, called Union, with a
good charter list.
To-morrow night the members of Olym
pia Circle will by consolidation become
members of Loyal Circle.
The supreme grand chief companion
and other supreme grand officers will,
during the current month, visit as fol
lows: June 19, to Loyal Circle, when af
ter tho official visit there Will he an open
meeting; 20th, to Pride of the Forest Cir
cle; 21st, to Ivanhoe Circle; 2Hth, to Maz
zini Circle, and 2Sth. to Liberty Circle.
. A new circle called Silver State was in
stituted at Puebla, Colo., on the 2Cth of
May.
DAUGHTERS OF LIBERTY.
Last Monday^iight Martha Washingrton
Council of the Daughters of Liberty held
an open meeting In its hall In the, Shiels
building. It was a family "at home," at
which there were present the greater par
tion of the members and a number of
friends, who were treated to music, reci
tations and fancy dances, contributed by
Mrs. Show. Mrs. Keys, Miss McCullough,
Miss Helen Pugan and the Martha Wash
; ington Chorus. The programme was fol-
I lowed by dancing. Mrs. L. J. Preston,
Mrs. S. At. Smith and Mrs. R, Keys were
the ladies who had charge of the event.
THE DRUIDS.
Grand Secretary Graves states that the
reports received from the various groves
show the order to be in a very good con
dition. He is jit this time preparing his
reports to be presented at the Grand
Grove session to be held in Plarerville on
tho 20th ins»t. The delegates will be al
lowed a rebate on faros.
Perseverance Grove nad a fine picnic at
Fairfax on the 2Xth oi May and on the.
some day El Dorado Circle had one in
Plitzville Park.
v Cypress Grove of Petaluma made a
gain of fourteen during the last term.
Ail the local groves have had work la
conferring degroes during the past week.
Luck in the
Finger Nails
IN early times it was considered that
bad luck would certainly attend any
person who neglected to either burn or
bury the parings of his finger nails.
Among the Hebrews it was the custom
to pare the nails on a Friday, and the
operation had to be conducted in a cer
tain manner. The little finger on the loft
hand had first to bdoperated on, then the
middle finger, followed by the fourth
finger, thumb Mid forefinger. The nail
of the middle finger of the right hand
had next to be cut; then came the thumb,
then the forefinger and afterward the
fourth and little finger.
When fortune telling was more in vogue
than at present the shape and appearance
of the finger nails were looked on as hav
ing reference to one's destiny. The nails
were first; rubbed over with a mixture of
wax and soot, and, after being tnus pre-
Fared, were held so that the sunlight fell
ull upon them. On the horny, transpar
ent substance were supposed to appear
signs and characters from which the fu
ture could be interpreted.
Persons, too, with certain descriptions
of nails were supposed to possess certain
characteristics. For instance, a man with
red and spotted nails was of a fiery, hot
tempered disposition, while pale, lead
colored nails denoted a melancholy tem
perament.
Ambitious and quarrelsome people were
distinguished by narrow nails, while lov
ers of knowledge and liberal sentiment
had round-shaped nails.
Conceited, obstinate and narrow-minded
persons were possessed of small nails;
lazy, indolent individuals of fleshy nails,
and those of a gentle, timid nature of
broad nails.
Those persons whose nails grow into the
flesh at the sides are generally luxurious
ly Inclined, while those with very pale
nails are subejct to both bodily and men
tal suffering.— Woman's Life.
Diet of a Sick Elephant.
An elephant's sick diet is recorded as
Hales.
Fancy goods. * o a
The New York office is landing UL jjJslJ&flWy
savings to you almost every day B*!&&J*\Sj^/uj*t
Takes sharp wit to "pick up" such j^--Ir>jA' v' /
lots as these: . J^^^^?H f\ /
A fortunate purchase In Wash 3^. JP^y. I /
Laces 3ooo yards, at a saving to you, fb§>'/ _^ftßSr
to go on sale to-morrow; net Point de 7 \jSEB&rSp& \J
Venice; Guipure edge and Oriental; / xaK^gg-^g^-^rvy^
ivory ' embroidery; Valenciennes, Nor- .* -"".— i. — "
mandie, Valenciennes and Point de Paris, from 2%, inches to f
'nches wide; worth about 25c a yard; on sale on center tables In
xlsle 2 15 C yard
All-Silk Ribbon — 4750 yards of miscellaneous all-silk rib-
bons, containing No. 16 heavy satin and G. Q. ; No. 16 satin
and taffeta; No. 16 moire and taffeta, and 3H inches wide, all-
silk stripe ribbon; a big variety of colors; In aisle 2: beginning
■o-morrow J X ' 2 c yard
Empire Fans— lso 7%-lnch Empire fans, with gilded wood
frame and chromos; on the table in aisle 2; beginning to-mor-
'<™ . : 12&O
Gauntlet Gloves — Just the thing for your summer
•>ut!nß; they keep your wrists from getting sunburned; a big
assortment of the kind that wear $1.25 pair
2-Clasp Pique Lambskin Gloves — Paris point or silk
embroidery back; red. brown, gray, tan, green, mode and ox-
blood; a good glove for $1; Just as well save lie; at the glove
counter, aisle 1 89c pair
Belt Buckles— Oxidize cr gilt: Jeweled settings 15c each
Hose Suppor ters — Satin gored belt; patent clasp; blue,
pink, red, orange and black 12Ho each
Hair Curlers— Kid covered; Bto 8 Inches.. sc to 12V*o dozen
■ 12 Spools White Basting Cotton „_ -..Bo dozen
White Knitting Cotton; good quality .80 ball
Cube Pins— Black and colored; 200 on a cube; per cube
• • • _.10c cub*
Pillow Sham a — Prettily stamped and assorted patterns..
• 15c pair
Tambour Bureau Scarf — 18x64 Inches; neat as can
°° • 25c each
Battenberg Doylies — 6 Inches square; many new de-
Bl B nß -T. 200 each
Cotton Ball Fringe —In white or _ colors, for fancy
work „ _3o yard
Millinery.
■ Reductions in Dress Hats— Many trimmed hat* reduced,
especially stylish patterns; in bluet, purple and cyrano- gome
swell flower hats; reduced to elope $4, $5 and $0 each
New Sailors— The Jauntiest summer hats of the year; sail-
ors trimmed with liberty silk and flowers $1.50 each
Rough Trimmed with mousseline de sole and wings
$2.50 each
The Dolphin Sailor— A swell little rough straw affair
$1.00 each
Children's Le ghorns— A pretty line, trimmed with mousse-
line de sole and flowers $1.50 to $2.50 each
To out=of=town folks.
Have you our catalog? If not, can't we send you one?
Haven't you some friends who you think would be inter-
ested? Send us their namss. We will consider it a favor.
The catalog is free. ■
COMPANION'S OF THE FOREST.
Hales.
the result of an Illness at the zoological
gardens at Frankfort-on-the-Main A fe
male elephant there suddenly refused
food, groaned continually, "wept " it 13
said, and became weaker and weaker
She was given draughts of brandy (pints)
and reduced to a diet of gruel three timea
a day, each bucket containing forty
quarts. She soon recovered, but the diet
ing still continued, and the last bulletin
describes her present diet as thlrtv buns
a hundredweight of hay and suitable
drinks.
In nearly every street In Japanese cities
is a public oven, where, for a small fee,
housewives may have their dinners and
suppers cooked for them.
! «* THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High \
Folding card table, 24x24 j
[inch oak top. A dozen:
; uses — sewing table, for the ;
children's games, out-door
lunch table, camp table,
etc. Folds up and out of
[the way ~ $1.25
> A hundred styles In parlor tables. In
[golden oak and Mahogany. Some
) beauties inlaid with pearl, rich designs,
[at $15, *iB, $25. Parlor furniture and
[draperies, second floor, main building.
j Lace curtain luxuries at little prices !
f this week. Tambour curtains of tu-i
1 perb quality and good design, are spec-
[ ially offered thus :
, $10.00 Tambour Curtains for $7.9* pair ""
1 8.00 Tambour Curtains for doe pair
I 6.00 Tambour Curtains for 4 .j0 pair
I 5-5° Tambour Curtains for *.aj pair
I 3.50 Tambour Curtains for c.Bo pair
I a.50 Tambour Curtains for a.oo pair '
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Carpets, rugs and such, occupy batf i
the main floor, and run over into the 1
annex— lots of room, lots of light, acres !
of floor covering. t
Special offer of Linoleums, this week;
remnants big and tittle, suitable for
small kitchens, bath rooms, etc.
' The 50c yard quality, at 25c 1
The 65c yard quality, at 35c '
! The 75c yard quality, at 50c !
Bring your measurements.
, Free delivery. Oakland. Alam«da, Bcrta'^
M FRIEDMAN & CO,
! 233 to 237 Post St., S. F.
Open evenings Near Stockton