VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 130.
WAR PRACTICALLY ON
IN THE TRANSVAAL
Great Britain Restrained From Beginning
Hostilities by Her Claim of Suzerainty
Over the Boers.
Old Fort at Mafeking, Where the Boers Are Concentrating Troops.
LONDON, Oct. Judging from the
reports from South Africa a state
of war practically exists between
Great Britain and the Transvaal.
This seems almost paradoxical in
conjunction with the fact that the British
diplomatic agent. Conyngham Greene, still
remains at Pretoria, and the further, fact
that the negotiations continue.
A solution of this apparent paradox
probably lies in an understanding of the
curious relations between the two Gov
ernments. Great Britain is not likely to
make a formal declaration of war against
what she considers a dependent nation,
the process being a mere Issue of orders
to a military force to restore the state of
sovereignty which she alleges originally
existed. Were England similarly at log
gerheads with a power recognized by her
us equal, pride and precedent would some
time ago have compelled her to break off
diplomatic intercourse. It Is this legend
of suzerainty that enables her to palaver
without loss of self-respect, and at the
am» time to run a good chance of plac
ing the onus of beginning hostilities upon
the Boers, or, failing in that, to delay ac
tion until she has in the field a sufficient
force to overrun the Transvaal.
This Is the only ground on which It Is
possible to reconcile the Government's
passive reception of palpably hostile acts
on the part of the Boers, for it Is now
Impossible to believe that the Transvaal
forces are massing rely for defensive
purposes. Thus war appears to be the
only possible outcome. If the Boers are
determined to participate in the conflict,
hostilities are only a question of days. If
England is allowed to take her own time,
then two months may elapse before the
first blow is struck.
Though the week has produced no ne
gotiations tending to thro.. light up<.n the
merits of the case, it Is evident that ne
gotiations had not ceased so far as diplo
matic correspondence Is concerned.
The pith of the whole dispute, however.
Is dally becoming clearer. The Boers are
thoroughly convinced that their freedom
Is menaced] and England is convinced that
her supremacy in South Africa is threat
ened. This constitutes an Impasse,
against which pacific measures can
scarcely be effective.
As the possibility of war increases Brit
ish conjecture as to the unfriendly atti
tude of other European powers increases.
Reference is frequently made to probable
Russian aggression In Asia; while it is
thought that France, in the evei of hos
tilities, is sure to become active i 1 North
ern Africa. Interference at the seat of
•war itself is not contemplated; for th ''
apples which France and Russia wish to
pick do not grow in South Africa. Dela
goa Bay is naturally closely watched in
thi6 connection: The Gorman press is
making capital out of the report that
Great Britain is sacrificing her friendship
with the United States in the Bamoam af
fair In ord.r to gain Germany's support in
the settlement at Delagoa Bay.
It seems "tain that an entirely new
plan of government is being con*idere«l by
the European powers interested In San
but the? Associated Press is able to astcrt
authoritatively that such negotiations vill
in no way result disadvantageously or
the United States; nor is there any trvh
in the insinuation that 'l)" attitude of tie
British Foreign Office toward Washington
has been altered by Great Britain's d»
eire to secure Germany's co-operation at
Delagoa Hay.
-,'An American diplomatist, discussing
tho matter to-day, said: "Germany it
too desirous of maintaining our friend
ship to play puch a see-saw game as
that " ■
The Speaker says: "There is a painfully
Instructive analogy to be drawn between
the present state of public feeling in Eng
land and the temper of the Americans
Just fore the war with Spain. In both
cases a mass of vague humanitarian sent
iment arid genuine hatred of oppression]
though Imperfectly Informed as to facts
la vagarized by the avowedly military
party, Jockeyed by the Btock broking
fraternity, maddened by the yellow press
ami expected to do Its duty by Rudvard
Kipling."
Many officers believe that President
Kruger's recent seizure of gold is an act
of war, or is at least justifiable only on
the theory thai a state of war exists
The London manager of the bank of the
South African republic— the institution
whose specie was commandeered— takes
this view. He said to-day: "1 do not con
sider the seizure of great significance and
I scarcely blame President Kruger if ho
believes his country is threatened I do
not expect any more gold to come out
The San Francisco Call.
ROME, Oct. 7.— The Italia, the
Arena and other papers state that
the Pope has again written to
yueen Victoria, appealing to her
Majesty's humanitarian sentiments
and requesting h^r to use her in
f.uence with her Ministers In the
direction of peace. The Queen, It
is said, replied courteously to the
message, giving his Holiness to un
derstand that it was beyond her
power to interfere with the prerog
atives of the Ministry.
:of the Transvaal until the crisis Is
•d."
The Government Is much criticised by
many of the papers of their own follow
i Ing, as well as by the military assemblies,
j for tardiness in sending out the army
; corps, some going so far as to say that
: if Majuba Hill repeats Itself, Lord Salls-
I bury will have only himself to blame.
i The Admiralty Is also coming In for a
share of cr.iicism over the length of time
required to get transports. Incompetence
and bungling are alleged. Lieutenant J.
C. Colwell, United States naval attache
in London, when asked regarding this
charge said:
"I believe that the Admiralty has done
splendidly, fully maintaining the reputa
tion of the British navy. I am fairly ac
quainted with the details of the present
operations, and I believe they are a proof
oi the great advantage to be gained by
having the navy control the transporta
tion of troops."
A royal proclamation summoning Par
i Moment to meet on October 17 and author
! izing the railing out of the reserves was
| signed thi.s morning. The Gazette an
j nounces that a summons will be issued
for the number of reserves necessary to
bring every battalion ordered to South
Africa up to Its full strength of 1000 men.
men must present themselves before
■ r 17. The forward movement is
counterbalanced by stories of mlll
ireparatfons In the Transvaal and
[ Free State.
The field force for service in South Af-
I c War Office announces, will com
•• mobilizing next Monday. The War
announces that, under the procla
mation railing out the. reserves. 2^.000 men
will be summoned.
It is rumored at Portsmouth that th<*
Admiralty will organize a flying squadron
1 for the <"ape.
• of Great Britain's military
preparations 'an scarcely be grasped by
the more reading of individual items as
they appear from day to day. A fair no
tion of their immensity can be gained from
j the semi-official statement that for the
transport of the army corps about seventy
ships of from 2000 to 4ijOO tons burden are
required, not Including a score or more
j of transports already on the way to the
Cape. If these vessels effectively disem
bark their cargoes of men, horses and
I equipment within five weeks from their
; date of sailing, the programme will have
fulfilled the forecasts of the most opti
mistic British military experts. If all the
I troops are able to lake their places as
component parts of the army corps by tho
1 end of November they will have done, ac
cording to the best available opinion, re
markably well. The disembarkation of
1 General Shafter's army from its thirty
i seven transports Is not forgotten by Brlt
i ish officers. Although the vessels to be
! employed In the Cape service are larger
on the average than those which carried
the Americans to Santiago de Cuba, the
admiralty, In accordance with the exist
ing regulations, is supplying them all and
taking complete charge from water's edge
to water's edge. This means a tremend
■us outlay of capital.
Although the Impending army corps lp a
tnatter of pre-eminent military interest,
the troops already on the scene of prob
able action constitute no Insignificant
I > idy. The original Cape garrison wa-s
' ;• 10 men. and this has been Increased by
V *). There are 12,000 men at sea on tho
to the Cape, and their arrival will
jVutke the approximate total of British
'troops In South Africa, prior to the ar
lvn.l of the army corps, 25,000. These
« .ops do not Include the irregular forces,
1 tie Cape Mounted Rifles, the Port Eliza
|b\h Volunteers, the Natal Police, the
llrban Light Infantry, the Australian
face and the regular naval brigade.
the Cape squadron now Includes ten
i wiships, all heavily manned, and the
; Brtlsh first-class protected cruisers Ter-
I ribti and Powerful will soon arrive, en-
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
4- I abling the navy to land a brigade of about
♦ 2000 men.
BOERS REPORTED TO
BE ABOUT TO YIELD
LONDON, Oct. 7.— The most important
' news comes from the Transvaal to-night,
which, if true, probably indicates that the
South African republic is about to yield,
. or in any ca.ie that the Boers have aban
< doned all ideas of invading Natal.
The news is comprised In a cablegram
from Newcastle, Natal, which says that
the farmers who arrived there to-day j
from the Buffalo River state that the
B';--rH are returning to their homes, leav
ing patrols along the river. The comman
i ders still remain on the Free State bor
der.
The dispatch also says that the feeling ,
i at Newcastle now is that the Boers do not
I Intend to attack that place and that the
i evacuation of the town was premature.
! A dispatch from Durban also states that
j the excitement there has abated, owing to
I the Hours holding back from the frontier.
This retirement of the Boers is what the
I British war authorities have exp?-cted, as
j their defective commissariat would pre
vent • them from long remaining massed
along the border. Telegrams received here
lately have made frequent reference to the
scarcity of forage and supplies in the Boer
laagers and have stated that many of
those in the camps were inclined to strike
for their homes unless active operations
were undertaken Immediately.
The dispatch from Newcastle looks as
though they had done as they threatened
and had abandoned the idea of fighting.
Meanwhile further transports from India,
j with two field hospitals and hussars, have
arrived at Durban and the men and ma
| terial were forwarded to Ladysmith in
stantly. General Sir George Stewart
White, V. C, who will command the Brit
ish forces in Natal, has also arrived and
landed. He was greeted by a large crowd.
General Sir William Symoris, his second
In command, came from Glencoe to meet
him, showing that he does not fear a
Boer incursion into North Natal. A num
ber of other officers were present and the
whole party left by train for Ploter
! maritzburg amid great excitement and
j cries of "Remember Majuba."
ANTI-BRITISH SPIRIT
OF THE GERMAN PRESS
BERLIN, Oct. 7.-Affalrs in South Af
rica are still commented upon in the press
hero and elsewhere in the same anti-
British spirit. Even the Liberal press !b
now hostile to England. The Frankfort
Zeitung says:
"It is a regrettable face that even in a
constitutional country like England the
Cabinet is enabled to put Parliament in
the presence of accomplished facts in a
way that makes it almost impossible for
Parliament to do anything but consent to
warlike measures."
The Cologne Gazette calls the coming
struggle of the Boers "heroic, with the
same heroic thought as inspired their
struggle in 18S1."
"They go Into the fight fearlessly," says
tho Rhenish organ, "and the world may
hear of their losing battles, but never of
thoir loping courage or hope."
The influential Hanover Courier consid
ers that Germany's chances will be very
poor if England vanquishes the Boers, as
then German Southwest Africa will be
lost.
The papers are also considering the
military probabilities, the general opinion
being that England will not be ready to
take the offensive until November. In
the meantime, it is believed the Boers
will do England rral damage. The mili
tary expert of the Cologne Gazette's staff
says: "German and French artillery and
the Mauser will be opposed to English
weapons. Both sides, are good shots and
military experts will follow the duel,
which will be mainly decided by the rifle
with keen Interest."
Some of the papers discuss the eco
nomic consequences of the war. The Ber
liner Tageblatt believes that a diminu
tion of the gold output would seriously
affect business. The Government press
remains mute, with the exception of the
North German Gazette, which recalls the
fact that the Transvaal has no right to
expect German Outlanders to render mili
tary service.
Continued on Second Pago.
MARCONI'S
SYSTEM MEETS
ALL DEMANDS
Wireless Telegraphy Now
Firmly Established on
This Side of Atlantic.
TRIUMPH OF WIZARD
People Ashore Informed of Move
ments of Yaohts Before Those
on Excursion Boats.
PONCE IS IN A COLLISION
Sending Vessel Stniok by a Drifting Steamer,
and Signor Marooni Is Enabled to G.ve
an Additional Example of the Value
of His Woncerful Work.
Special Dispatch to The C«Jt
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Ag-ain to-day
did. the Marconi system of wireless
telegraphy meet every demand
made upon it. All during- the day
Signor Marconi kept the yachts in
view, at the same tim<' giving those asbcre
i almost as plain an uruierKtandlng of the
' maneuvering that was being done as was
] enjoyed by the excursionists.
Unfortunately for those on the steam
j ship Ponce, the view of the start of the
| yachts, which was a magnificent one, was
i marred by what for a moment promised
' to be an accident of serious results. The
Cambridge, a light-draft steamer from
Baltimore, was caught in the current and
drifted across the bow of the Ponce. Cap
tain Lloyd was on the bridge with "Dyna
i mlts Johnnie" O'Brien. Both saw that a
' crash was imminent, and in a moment the
; great whistle of the Ponce sounded a ter
! rifle warning, while the signal to the en
] gine room set the propeller in motion for
1 a sternway.
The momentum of the Ponce, however,
j was too great, and she went crashing Into
! the smaller craft, whose railing was
crushed in and a hole made in her hull.
; For a time it was feared that the Cam
i bridge would sink, and her captain asked
the Ponce to stand by ready to take off
', the passengers should it become neces
sary. All was excitement on the Ponce,
I and" for a few momenta a panic was nar
: rowly averted on the Cambridge. Had
there been a larger crowd on the unfortu
nate boat there certainly would have been
! loss of life. As it was, several women
; falntt-d, while others were restrained
; from hurling themselves overboard into
' the water.
The Ponce did not have time to hnck
out of the hole her nose had made in the
j Cambridge before Signor Marconi was
: giving the news of the accident to the
I operators at Navesink. Fortunately It
■ was learned before great excitement could
! be caused ashore that the damage to the
Cambridge was Blight and the passengers
were in no dang-r.
While all this was going on the final
i signal for the rn.ee had boon given, and
i the Columbia and the Shamrock went
I over the line with as pretty a start as has
ever been seen in any race for the Amer-
I ica's cup. Just as soon as it was di ter
mlned that the Cambridge was in no dan
ger all eyes were again turned on the
yachts, and bulletins of the race, which
| had been Interrupted, were resumed.
I The attempt of the Shamrock to blanket
and take the wind from the Columbia was
flashed to the bulletin boards in New York
City long before it was known by those
; who were watching th<; maneuver Whether
: it would be successful. Again, the experi
'. mentlng with the sails which was going
on was fully described by Signor Marconi.
Often as a certain sail would be carried in
■ the stops into position, those on shore
■ watching the race through Signor Mar
coni's eyes knew what was being at
! tempted before the canvas was given to
: the wind. Finally, when about a mile
' from the start, the Columbia gradually
drew away from the challenger, the suc
cess of the American yacht was bulletined
before half the boat's length separated
the two contestants. As usual, the ap
paratus employed by Signor Marconi was
i accurate in its work, and was watched by
' all who could crowd near the chart room.
I Aboard the Ponce was Lieutenant
Commander Hubert yon Rebeurpaschwltz,
naval attache of the German Embassy in
Washington, who officially represented
his Government in watching the opera
tions of Signor Marconi. Although the
German was Intensely interested in tlv>
contest going on between the Columbia
and Shamrock he seldom took his atten
tion from the apparatus used in sending
messages ashore. At the close of the day
he expressed himself as more than pleas
ed with what he had seen.
"The Herald is to be congratulated."
said the lieutenant commander. "This
has been the ilrst time that I have seen
the Columbia and Shamrock together, but
on Tuesday and Thursday Signor Mar
coni, through the Herald, made it possi
ble for me to watch the yachts almost as
well as I havo been able to do to-day.
However, 1 had no adequate idea of the j
importance of the work being done until ]
I saw for myself. The world will accept
this discovery just as it has accepted
everything else, and in a very short time
the people will cease to wonder. But it
Is all really marvelous. Signor Marconi
has gone far in advance of his contem
porary workers in the field of practical
science as applied to electricity. No
doubt England is already making ar
rangements to use wireless telegraphy in
the war which Impends in South Africa.
There it will be given a severe test, which j
I have no doubt will be successfully met.
Here we are away out on the ocean with
out tangible connection with the land.
and yet the Herald is enabled to tell us ,
that Queen Victoria has called out the
reserves. Her Majesty's action makes j
it appear as though peace is now im
possible yet. Important as her act is it '
is not. In my mind, of so great importance
as In the discovery which has made it !
possible for us to know that it had been j
taken. Of course It Is impossible for me j
to say how much importance my report I
to the German Government will have, !
but 1 venture the assertion that the ex- !
ample of the Italian Government, using
tho Marconi system on all its war vessels, j
will speedily be followed by every other !
naval power."
From the Ponce upward of 2000 words I
were bulletined ashore during the yacht '
race, and more than the usual number of !
private messages were sent. Some of the
latter were cabled to England, while oth
ers were intended for friends in distant
cities in the United States.
In addition to sending to the Ponce
news of Queen Victoria's action in call-
dftntiniiad an ■ F%ft}t\TtA. Pajrt
GRAND STRUGGLE FOR
THE AMERICA'S CUP
Columbia and Shamrock Fight Gamely
for Supremacy, but the Wind Fails
and the Third Race Is a Fizzle.
Steamers Ponce and Cambridge in Collision.
ON BOARD THE STEAMSHIP PONCE, OFF THE HIGHLANDS OF NOVESINK, Oct. 7-
Another fizzle, but a grand struggle. A race which was a fight fron) gun to gun.
A finer struggle for the cup was never witnessed. The yachts got off nearly to
gether. Each at times had an advantage over the other, but neither was able to shaKe
off her rival. The turn of the staßeboat was the closest ever seen- The Shamrock led
around it, but the Columbia almost lapped her, and when around can)e into wind
ward position and stood off shore to begin tt)e long, hard fight for home against the
wind. But there was not wind enough to tal^e the rivals home. They were still sev
eral miles from the Sandy HooK lightship when the gun ended the struggle The
ShamrocK did remarKably fine windward worK- The Columbia was handled splen
didly, but she did no 1 : do as well In reaching as on Thursday, owing to the roll of the
sea. Her satis suffered by comparison with the Shamrock's. The question of which
is the better boat in light weather is still a matter of opinion.
Three efforts at a decision in this cup
keeping ,ir cup-losing matter and the tale
Is yet to run. Three attempts at racing
and throe resultant flukes, and all that is
known of tho ability of either yacht to
hi ;it tho other is that on the first occasion
the Columbia had a slight advantage at
the inconclusive ending of the contest:
that on the second trial the two finished
on even terms, and In yesterday's unsat
isfactory bout the American boat quit
with a slight lead. The averaged-up prob
lem stands where it rested before the con
testants met.
lint it is not so much a question as to
which yacht is the speedier in a race. It
is when there is going to be one. That'B
it. That's the problem which overshad
ows that other one regarding relative
merits. What the people are asking now
is: "When is the wind going to blow long
I'lmtitrh for one to see which of these
j yachts is the better boat?"
"White folks and women," the Southern
j darky says, " Is mighty onsartin'." The
I same may be said of the New York
wp.it her. The Weather Bureau promised
' a wind that would send the yachts kiting
| over tho course, and during the early
morning and forenoon there was every
sign that the promise would be fulfilled.
But a change came as the day wore on.
The wind weakened as the hours went
by, and the heavy sea, which had been
rolled up by the gale of Friday and Frf
dny night, moderated to a long rhythmic
swell.
It was blowing a good twelve to fifteen
miles an hour breeze when the yachts
stood out to the starting line. It was
from the north-northeast, and the course
was laid 'south-southeast to the turning
mark, anchored fifteen miles down the
coast. The sea was rolling in a heavy
swell from the northward and eastward,
so heavy that the yachts would frequently
disappear to their main booms behind the
bulky rollers.
There was but little maneuvering for
position before the start, and the starting
gun found both yachts near the line. To
observers it seemed that they crossed it
in company, the Columbia setting her bal
loon jib as she went over it, the Sham
rock luffing up under baby jib and jib top
sail, seeking to gain the weather berth.
To prevent that the Columbia also stood
away to the westward, and the first part
of the race was merely a luffing match
for windward position.
Neither gaining any advantage in that
direction, the Shamrock took in her baby
| jib topsail, set a lug foresail in place of
j the staysail, and breaking out her bal
' loon Jib as the Columbia set her spinnaker
i aloft, the two settled down to plain sail
! ing. Meanwhile the wind was gradually
1 dying out, and before the first hour went
i by both yachts were dipping their balloon
jibs aback with every pitch of the sea.
They had plenty of room on that race
; down the wind, the lane they traveled be
i ing a full four miles in width. On their
I starboard hand was a line of torpedo
boats, under command of Lieutenant Com.
! mander John C. Fremont, which kept the
i excursion fleet on that side well clear of
j the course of the racing yachts. On the
! port hand was a line of revenue cutters,
; commanded by Captain Robley D. Evans,
i guarding the seaward side of the pre
scribed course.
As the yachts were midway In the run
to the turning point, a nomadic freighter
came blundering up the lane from the
southern end. The cutters tooted warn
ing signals, but the stranger kept on, and
not until the auxiliary yacht Allen had
fired two shots did the vessel sheer out
of the course of the racers.
The spectacular feature of the race lay
at the outer mark and at a time when
the yachts were rounding It. That was
the turning point of the race, but it was
no turning point in the fortunes of the
contestants.
One may live long and never again 6ee
such a spectacle as was presented when
the two yachts swung- around the stake
in company and so close together that
one was sailinc in the other's shadow.
There was hardly a second's difference
between the two and to an unofficial ob
server of the race the contest might yet
I be in doubt, so close were the yachts to
j gether when they made the turn.
The manner in which they approached
the mark was almost as exciting as the
way in which they rounded it. The Sham
rock, which had stood a few hundred
yards to the westward of the line, gybed
around to the starboard tack and headed
straight for the mark, intending to keep
it on her starboard hand in turning and
intending, moreover, to get around it
first. That well laid plan of hers went
all aglee through a clever maneuver of
the Columbia's captain. That vessel, hur
rying to the mark, managed by a fine
bit of seamanship and a quick shift of
the helm to interpose between the Sham
rock and the stake boat just at the mo
ment when that point was bobbing past
the Shamrock's bow.
Round went the wheel of the Columbia,
up went the tiller of the Shamrock, and,
turning on their heels, the two boats
| swung around the stake, beam to beam,
and so close together that a penny might
havo been flipped from one deck to the
other. Around they came with tho Co
lumbia's bowsprit slightly overlapping
that of the Shamrock. But so slight was
the lead of that vessel with its narrow
margin of Inches or of seconds that no
one could tell by what distance she led.
Trimming the sheets flat aft as they came
into the wind the two headed back to the
finish line, close hauled and with booms
to port.
Then followed a series of tacking and
reaching In search of the wind or In an
effort to blanket each other or to get the
best position. As far as one could see
there was nothing to criticize in the
handling of either boat, both being man
aged with a skill that compelled the ad
miration of all who followed the contest.
The wind grew steadily lighter, and
owing to its fluky character, which
worked alternately to the advantage of
one and then to the other, first one yacht
had the lead and then its rival. And as
the hours wore on it began to look as
though the history of the two preceding
races would be again repeated.
This feeling became conviction when, at
4 o'clock, tho finish was still three or
four miles away and the yachts were
bobbing about in a breeze that was not
very far removed from no breeze at all.
Then boomeu a gun announcing that the
race was off, the Columbia then being ap
parently about 250 yards nearer the goal
than was her rival.
The excursion fleet was out in as great
a force as in any of the preceding days,
and in the drunken beam-sea roll many
of the excursionists discovered what sea
sickness is, if perchance they had not
made the discovery before the boats did
some wild reeling in the sea that surged
about the lightship while waiting for the
start of the race.
Dipping their noses deep in the sea.
Racking their stays and stanchions free;
In the wash of the wind-whipped tide.
The wallowing as exceedingly uncom
fortable and the rolling was but little
lessened when the fleet Rot under way
and stood down the course in company
with the racers. The run back was not so
disquieting, the sea then having moder
ated so much that but little motion was
felt on the larger craft.
TECHNICAL
VERSION OF THE
THIRD FAILURE
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— There was a
spanking breeze from the northeast and
a heavy swell from the eastward when
the yacht Columbia, under mainsail and
jib, filled away from a point oft the south
west spit at 9:25 to-day and, with sheets
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
! eased a trifle, headed for the Sandy Hook
| lightship at a twelve-knot clip.
I Besides Managing Owner Iselin and Mrs.
i Iselin, there were on board Herbert Leeds,
; Captain Nat Herreshoff, who when the
; yacht passed the Associated Press boat
j John Nickols was lying on the weather
I side of the deck watching the sails
through a pair of green goggles; Captain
Woodbury Kane, Newbury Thorne and
Hugh Kelly, the la:~t named representing
j the Royal Ulster Yacht Club. Captain
; Barr had the wheel to windward, one of
the crew assisting on the lee .side. The
rest of the crew was distributed along the
weather rail. The Columbia was carrying
the same mainsail as on Thursday.
The Shamrock made an early start from
Sandy Hook Bay. She passed out by the
point of the Hook at 9:06, carrying the
same sail as the Columbia, arriving off
the lightship at a few minutes before 10.
On her deck were seen Henry F. Lippett,
the New York Club's representative. Sail
! maker Ratsey, Hugh McGill Downey,
j Sherman Crawford and Captains Ben
j Parker, Hogarth and Wringe. At 10:20
I the Columbia sent up her working topsail
;in stops, the wind being strong enough
at that time to warrant the Betting of
' that sail, but even while they were hoist-
I ing it the wind lightened considerably.
| and fifteen minutes later the No. :> club
topsail was bent on. The Shamrock a^so
j bent on a No. 2 club topsail, and both
; yachts set these sails at almost the same
■ time.
j At 10:50 the tug which was to drop the
i outer mark started to log off the course
;of fifteen miles to leeward. Pour minutes
; later down came the Shamrock's club top
sail, and in just nine minutes her big
jackyarder was mastheaded and si
i out. The Columbia kept her No. l
i sail on. Captain Barr probably hoping
j that it would be a more d^esirable sail in
i the windward work and that it would not
' make sufficient difference in the work
! down the wind.
At 11:06 the preparatory signal was
■given, at 11:13 the warning signal and at
11:20 the gun to start. When the warn
\ ing signal was given both yachts were on
the starboard tack, east of the committee
boat, the Columbia to windward, and both
J heading to the southwest. The wind was
! then light from the north-northeast, with
, little promise ot freshening. The Colum-
I bia luffed first of the two, until she was
j close on the wind on the starboard tack,
! heading as if to cross the committee
I boafs bow. The Shamrock stood on a
i little longer, then jibed and came up on
the same tack, setting her staysail as she
did so. Captain Barr, to fill in the time
kept the Columbia off for about thirty
seconds, then luffing her sharp on the
wind again headed her to fetch close by
the committee boat's bow on the way to
the line. Her staysail had not been set,
and the Shamrock was traveling with bet
ter headway toward the same spot. Skip
per Hogarth, seeing his chance, it now
being less than a minute before gunfire,
sent the Shamrock's bowsprit close along
the Columbia's lee quarter, ready to luff
out at gunfire if the opportunity came.
Both yachts were running parallel to the
line, neither daring to keep off until the
signal. They were able to be at the cen
ter of the line at gunfire. Quick as a flash
Skipper Hogarth put her helm down, shot
the Shamrock across the Columbia's wall
and as he straightened her up asain tier
bowsprit overlapped the Columbia's
weather quarter. He was able to accom
plish this by reason of the Irish boat
having better headway than the Colum
bia. Captain Barr held his course almost
over to the lightship at the w^ath^r Bide
of the line before sweeping off, thus try
ing to force Hogarth out of the command
ing position which he had so cleverly ob
tained, but in vain. The Shamrock not
only held her position, out began to over
haul the other and blanket her.
The official time at the start was: Co
lumbia, 11:21:02; Shamrock, 11:21:19.
As on one of the previous races Hogarth
did not set his balloon jib topsail, being
better prepared with the No. 2 lib toDsaJi2
FOR NAVAL ALLIANCE BETWEEN
UNITED STATES AND GERMANY
Roar Admir CTrges That It Is to the
Interest of Both Nations to Join Hands
in Curtailing Groat Britain' 3 Sea
I Colonial Power.
i'i.im.i"'. •>■ • • !.■•,/ VdmJrat Vali published ■■>■ book entitled
Ing great attention In
: . powerful argument thai
a.nd exporting power, wil B<
I tha I the Inteft at of
, M) ,i, ii tailing ' ;t.-;it Brit -
The writ< ■ ' i a naval alliance
..i i ;. i many on otn< r i i ounda aiid i onaldera
.: Holland and FVanoe Joining the United States and •■•'
-■ i i-i
v, ,,(,,. : . ,■:, . mi vVlll ■■•' ii Beahler, United States naval attache
i n || ( itlon 'if tti» book
, v. »ldors It tl ■ Itlon Of aavaJ pollojr and the
i
for ilia liillli.k match which ha rnt was
miro to cymin. Ji ctunn with v vcngwuicPi
for ttif <:-.luiiil>i!i. In 6rd>r to pro vim I th«
Shamrock rt-.m blanketing her, wM
obliged to lulT fully hall v dosten points
out of lur oouiW. An ii v.-mm In m ■ mlii
iiluii hrr inaJnoiill wun blanketed '».>' iii.-
Uhninroek'a; th.< only nail drawing on Urn
Columbia belli* tl>« UUlcmjii J' 1 * tupßuil Tor
• row minu B6 far i. ni df i!"'ir coumca
%<jro 11.. luftin>: that all tho incursion
Doot on tli" wont f «•!■> "f Hi" course hnd :
to Rni OUt <»f til" Way lit Tllll M[..'.ml, 'JVn
minute* after Hi" Rimi tho Bbanirbck had
thn weather berth; the Columbia bo»n« n
couple ->f lomkUiu under her l<-i> bow. ITlvo
inlnuti Juirr th-> Bhntnrook took In her
nmnil Btnjpftll anil iwl •' balloon staysail;
In spile of .-ill aha could rtp ti.<- SlinmroclJ
w«i> Dot ttblo nt tlila llnio to uutfuot Iho
Columbia BUfllclonlly !•• «'»•« clear iihond
nf licr. I'VMi though stio blnnkctcd li-r
■ovprnj tlinm. I'lnully, nt II Ml. tli'i Hhttiri:
rook U'-vt n«iiisiri« oit iin> ■•luitxo, brt'iiklng
out her KplnimUer, thn Columbia folloyirltnj
null linmodlfttcly. V»r iwmo iniuutc« Hi"
hojiil or Iho UhunirooU'a splnnakof would
not l,r««U "tit « mi- Ita fool w;is trolling
In Ihi water. Hi- balloon Jib topsail had
l>»«;n rtM a r.-w mlnul oarllor iwul both
pal In we're palling »pl< mildly. BonmUnn*
the Columbia'! bowsprit ehowed out
uli<»n«l ;«n«l notnotimca tho Shamrock's,
look! i at tl'i'iu from " i">inl oh tho »tar
lumnl Ixwtn of l»>lh bunts. Tho Columbln
flnaJly pulled out a It •■ '-ii i" the X""'l
nti.i in irti minuii i mm ■ »1 ■• had K'< t>>°«l
auothnr l<>tißtJ». UJitll at 12:25 nh« WM fully
lw'lf iv i!<mi'ii Ichkllim In tho load. Thto
vrnj« f>iii>M]i«»'.ti»K to tho Aiii<rlrnn BpCCta
i..rn whllo tt l.'\!'!.'l. but It fIM not liu->t
lohk. Tho yacht* had be«ui ling down
ul.niK Iho .!■ !:«<•) li.'ii.-ti and within throft
mill .i It. Tljoy waro p<> fn.r <>fT '■ '"'"
oounin« tlmt Ii poon bo'camit evident tli»->
--moat iii.,< to fotch tin 1 outer lunrk. As
soon v* Honarth »"aw tli« mark, at 12:52,
bo took in Iho Rhiunruok'B ««plhiim Her.
jil)ihl her and trimmed down tho balloon
.iu> (o)i»ai1 mli. .-t in jusi thrcfl mlnutoaJ
JJoforo tho Columbia's puoplo I" I'l1 ' 1 roiUUod
« h.-il lid wan <u> t<> tin- urcMi boat; * •'■ !l
«vcrylhlnß drawing svilondldlj-, v,'.i* lur
flnjfiup t->wiir<l iho American boat. 11l
jinn :-.u ininuloo aim luul pa«i«ed her.
Then <":ii>is'l!i Ilnrr and hlB crow \vok«
up, took In Uid Bplniiiikuf ivnd Jil-'il Iho
Columbia smartly; but wero nlow In trlin
mil., down tho htUl.iHt »ho«U Tho Sham
rock «:i» then well oui to windward of
»]io Columbia: Hogarth i--t tho spinnaker
for' nvo intnutcß, which i;av«
Iho Shamrock an additional lead
of 1.. . . IH.I letißth.. Tho Colum-
Mt di.l not •r'l hi in until 1 :2«*. nwl took
It In n row mini later. Tho outer mark j
\voa now in i>liili> Bight; and both yuohts
>vrr«» appronchltiß It with booms abroad
o(T to nl.arboard. At 1:33 tM canio tho
Bhnmmok'n balloon Ji!> topsail; tho ColumJ
t<h'K two miiniton later; thcu both yaohu j
Jibed nt I:36:CQ. Tho (Tolumbln had Rained
no much ilniins tho hint ilft««n inlnutofl j
that tt whu ertdoht thero w:im go\u* ..> bo i
lame eioao work lit tho outer mark.
Jum .■>■•» tlio whistles of Iho excursion
twt ivjjnn th«»lr M.r<»M-)ic.i of welcome to
tho >»rl\t» the Shamrock's crew trimmed
down tlio sheet* us tho yacht* luff ad
nround tho iimtU. Tho t'oliimbU's l><>\\
ri'iil wn«« rUht over her taftrnll; however,
and np aha oum<> up to tho wind « "uptulii
l: ;1! i i»hot thr Bristol bo«t In between th«J
Bhatnrock and tho murk, neatly taking
i l -,.! weather berth. It wua .'i clover bit of
tnaneuverlnß and Immediately placed ih.'
American boat In the load. The official
tltne of rounding tlio outer mftrk %v:u>«:
Bhnmrock; l:30:S5; Columbia; I:S6:S4.
Thin olunvoa that tlu> Shamrock round
ed (Mb mark nine oeeoniin abvkdi and that
•bo w:ii> tvfi> hours flftoon minutea and
plu accondii oovcrtng t!u< dftoen mllcai
tlio Columbia took two hours tlf
tcon nilniit" 1 !! nnd thirty-two socondsj a
dlffcroncfl In favor of tho Shamrock of
twenty-nix swiMiili on t:u> run beforo the
Tlio Columbia m.i»lo h<»r T.rM tack to
l^irl off .Mioio at I:SS. Hogarth hold on
Cfiy BcoonJa longor and then rut the
Shamrock about. Thou c«ch tacked four
timoa tn thrco and « hnlf mlnutea, the
Bhamrock bclnß forood abottt twic« in
lli^i i ini«>. Tho wind waj» growing llghttr
m\\ tlu> tlmo :>ii<l tlu» long t-astoily swolls
bothered tho boats decidedly when on th<«
port tack, inaklni? thorn splash a good
deal. At S;lS:l& tho Columbia split tacks
with t!>i» S]\amrock and wont oft nhore
brocte hunting on the port t.\ok. When,
»»t 2:lS:*'>. tli-> Shamrock taok<Hl to port
aiul tho Columbia a minute later to sv.-u 1 -
VoAiM HIOJ wort! mooting on opposite
truoks. It >\a-H a auction of by how
iwich the Sliamrvvk could cross the Co;
lumbla'a bow. Tho Columbia; however^
tiv.-ko»l bofor* the other roa«-ho»l her, it
IH-iti>r evident thai the Columbia was now
to leeward .invl t tic Shamrock In tlio loavl.
Ti-.o wjr.il frequently btviiifd off the Cv>
lumbia About thla time. The Shamrock
tacked when It iHvl iso to her. M 2:34,
wl^n iho Columbia tacked to port, she
had made twelve t:\ok;* from tho outer
mark »iu\ tt'.o Shamrock had imuli> one
Slowly they made their way to wind
war.', during the next half-hour, each bo«
U\g Voi-AJr.il 1 >! at time* for several mir.»
vies. At S:10:S0, whrn t;>.<> Shamrock
tacked lo Starboard; it took her fifty sec
onds to swine around from one. tack to
another. At ixli the Shamrock set a larger
Jlh topsail, They split taeka at 5:21 when
the Columbia wes\t off slioro agn'.n, look-
Ins for wind. When next they ame to*
crcther it >>a? 4:lt*. From some positions
to leeward of the. yacht* it looked as if
the Shamrock Would cross the Columbia's
bow i>y <ju!te a large margin, tho Colum
bia being on th« starboard tack and"hav
ing tha ripht of way. Instead the thou
wnj» who witched the \ao~hts apprdach-
Ing e*«h other were Astonished to see the
Bhatnrock forced about by tho Columbia?
which yacht, when the- Shamrock had
Kvne about, was on the latter** weather
beam, scarcely a length away.
Some Idea of tho cloea sailing of those :
two yachts on the Mmc tack may be i
gathered from the fact that from 4:IS to]
4-.? i, when the race was declared off, the ]
shadow ot the Shamrock's dub topsail
fwayed In almost or.c spot on ths Ice
aide- of the Columbia's mainsail.
If to-day's race had been continued to
th<> f.nish. <\\(> wAW* away, It would
be o\co<sllnt!ly hard to pr«sStct tho winner.
ThroUKhdUt the race !ho haAdllnjt of both j
boats was cxcollent, but th<>. ba'anoo wa.< j
1n favor of th« Shamrock's skipper and |
In view of the clcc.rcjs cf . th< yachts j
wh<?n the rftoe wa* oaUo 4 \ v >ff st !« fair to j
»Ui>pos<» that If the Rjlifch had N»^n there j
tho Columbia wouM have crossed it ton ]
BMonda in aJva.:ice of the Shamrock, In j
that ca^e tho aumtuary of th« race for j
twwity-flve mtlw woxi'vt be a^ follow*:
Start: Columbia, 11:21:02; Shamrock,]
Flnleh: Columbia, 4:31^0; Shamrock,
*
■ d time: i iolumbla, B W:68; Bham-
A wording to this the Shamrock would
linvn won by sovon seconds actual i ' me
nnil by twifivo Bcoonda ooi reoted 1 1 1 n ' ? .
lining, of course, that the Columbia
allowed hf>r llvo seconds for twenty-five
mile* Instead .six seconds allowed lor
thirty niile«.
MARCONI'S SYSTEM
MEETS ALL DEMANDS
o-rnii.... i tram Birst Pan
liur out iii.' km mii Ftenervea for South
Afrloai tin* '. ia! stock (juotatlons w«r«
received for tin. bennflt of tho.ie of the
oxcuralonlata who li..\ .• Wall Hi .■! Inter
bats. . i:<- news ol i '■■ rlut« "ii Iho I Ji'urno- !
aiiiui v\m>. nieo telrgraphud to the l'onco
Mini i-iiii.-iiii, .1 about the ship, booking an
Intenßo eotisntloii. Aui»tiK other messages.
sent ashoro by Bljrnor Marconi or reoolved
on ii..' I'i.-i.-i' wern the following::
Valpy, London, England: Send
Operand's my lon a by Mr. Morooni.
v JWSSIIii BKOOK&
Molntoßh, Steamship Ponoe: Queen
Victoria Ims culled out English Ko-
Borvca for South Africa. 1I 1 .IC \] ,1 ).
Not only were the Important mow
menu "i tho \ .i. !.; reported m Her by
'i' 1 MurcouJ sysiem than by any other
in. ana, but the fnrl that the race had
boon declared ofl because .if the Impoasl
biiity or Its being finished within the time
limit was ul.so received and made public
several minutes In advance of othor news
papers; and .ii news agencies, the addi
tional inioriu.ill.Jii being given that tho
Columbia « ... in better position at the
time that the rai was declared oft*.
After the ;.. i[o : ■ work of the day
aboard the Ponoe had been performed the
chart room was bponod to all, and without
exception the pad ■•■:,!;. took advantage
of Sigh or Marconi's courtesy ana Inspect
• ■' tho apparatus which made It i>osnli>lo
tor them to communicate with lii.'D
friend*. Several iucssjik'.'s woro sent by
way of Illustration and the receiving tape
wh« cut up Into .small portions, all of it
belnj! claimed l>y aouyenlr hunters.
On tho run homo tho usual welcome « art
accorded the Ponce. Entering the Nar
iow.->, a. .-. ! oon< r was met, and an aoun
as tha seaboard Balling vcssul recognised
tho bin cxdiiratbn bout three hearty cheer*
woro j-.iv.-n Signer Marconi, a second
Lthroo vvero liven the Herald and n Snal
• three oheera canio across tl.O Wilier tot
i wiroleps tolegraphy.
Altogother it was a great day for Signor
! Marconi. Wlroleaa Ulrgraphy is now
I lirmiy eatabll»hed thla si.io of the Atlantlo
; and with its uiu tho ii, raW and Th Call
i will continue the reports of the yacht
! raooj
Signor Marconi in sevoral Inatancea sent
messagou Into tln> Herald oftlc«> within
forty beconda from tho timo they were
sent from the steamship Ponce. 'Larger
than on any of the preceding race daya
waa the crowd in Herald Square to watch
iho bulletin*. Men and women began to
gather there at 10 o'clock this morning;
an hour before I ha yachts were scheduled
t» ftart. As, the hour tor the yachts to
sail approached there wero many acces
sions to the crowd, .i.i as the contestants
crowed th t . lino hundreds of persons
In front of the Hera buUding| eater to
loam which bout ha ' performed the feat
of trotting away first. Slgnor Marconi did*
not disappoint them, l!.. dashed the news
from the P ■■■" that thi Columbia had
Started In the load and from that time to
tho end of the contest he kept th.> public
accurately Informed of the exact position
of tho two yachts.
It was demonstrated during- the trial
on Thursday that wireless telegraphy is
of Inestimable, vttiuo for reporting events
at sea during 810 weather. It waa
demonstrated to-day that when tha nlr ia
clear as In Juno the wonderful system Is
equally valuable. Through the Krrrat na
vantag« of being on the spot Slgnoi Mar
coni was able to send the only correct re
port* of tho position of the two yachts for
more than un hour after they had round*
i\\ the stake boat an.l started back. White
all other reports declared that tho Colum
bia took the lead from tlio Shamrock soon
after the yachts had rounded the stake
boat sisnor Marconi's reports maintained
that tlio Shamrock was In the load. Only
for wireless telegraphy the entire coun
try would have been led to believe that
the defender instead of the challenger vrai
io;iil!n«- on the way home. So persistent
were the reports from the Rlgnal ttatidna
•lions- tho coast that a doubt was created
In tho minds of many as to which reports
■
Hut it wa* pointed at that a« Slgnor
vlarconi had been correct on every point
n connection with tho first two contests
le, would not bo likely to begin maltlnß
nistakos on tuch a clear day. At the
iamt time, other nowsKHthcrlngr agencies
eitvrated their assertions that the Co
mbla wa» leading. The discrepancy in
ho ivports was cleared before 4 o'clock.
md Marconi's r.ports were proved to have
icon correct, j Tho dispatch boats coming
R from the course all agreed that when
3lffnor Marconi named the Shamrock «s
ha lesdins yacht tho challenger actually
mil nn undisputed advar.tas<> over her rl
i'al. Toward the ClOJfl of the trial, when
:he Columbia began to gel the advantage,
her maneuvers were reported In detail
by the wireless system.
Sißisor Marconi at tho same time told
what tho Shamrock was doing, and
crowds in front of the Herald building
tvere thus enabled to gather all the facts
nivl to understand ths situation clearly.
Friends of the excursionists on the
Cambridge were promptly relieved by
news sent by wife m telegraphy that,
while that vessel had boon somewhat
iamasrod, none of her passengers were In
laager. It was also made clear that the
I\m;co had suffered but little, as there
ivas no Interruption In tho message*
from Signer Marconi.
Mmiuir Investor Duped
RKDDINO, Oct 7.— A queer etory
rraohe»l Btddtnfi this evenlnjr from Trin
ity County. David Pesentt has been
FtfTUh sta.klnß" a prospector nanied Itun
ter for *oiiie time. Hunter continual to
come in from the- hills for tnora money
and pportslons] and told of the rich claim
he had located. Pewnti'a doubts wer«
aroused concernins the truthfulness of hi*
statement and he went with htm Into th«
wilds of Trlnin- County about twenty
XatlM west of Carrvllle to »cc the prop
erty himself. It became apparent to him
this aXternoon that he had been duped
and he marched Hunter through the
wood*, ordering him to show the claim.
Hunter finally escaped br Juaipinj over
a cliff and started for Trite, J?isklyx>u
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
GOVERNMENT WILL TEST
SIGNOR MARCONI'S SYSTEM
Preparations Now Being Made by the War De
partment, After Which the Navy Will Con
duct a Series of Experiments.
NK\v rORK, 00l ?. "Uncle Sam la
making elaborate preparation! to
thoroughly test the Marconi sys
tc iii," iald a prominent ' '•"■■ ■ i "
iikmii official to flay "Wli ■
telegraphy win mean more to the Govem
meni than any other groal Invention of
modern tlmi I Mai eon! wlJl show v m
brand now Inventions, such aa I have
never yc\ ■.■■• < n described, .'in'! which are
Improvenv nta on < hose used In bin !'■ ■
experiment!! Tho War Department will
• film the (it- t teat. The Navy and
Tr. osui > ! '■■; iti iments are arranging io
;do bo afterward A pi ovlng ground la
Ik ing i • !• . t. d for the pui p me, and bal
loon • vi .. i elng flt ted out for tome new
and fascinating experiments a( extraor
dli mi , high altitudes Th« ■ air vehicles
v- m be tmatl, i apable of lifting onlj
nr iifiy pounds, but will be ample to sup
port ih< net i Mary wli ea and fixture fi
will nol be necesaan '■■ ' '"' ;mv M "' n " r
Ini i: umenta aloft Thla by Itai If will be a
great advantage over Lhe present meth
! niin. The most dangi I In the i la.
1 ii.nl i«n Ico, it nol in the entire military
mlaatlon, will thua i llmlnated.
"These ball iona will be sent up to \a
rloua altltud< i The> will be cmi
Instead oJ high polea, which Marconi haa
nil hi-r to ua< c of tl em will be coy -
, [,i v. ii h tin ( n . otheri will use plal es,
auch aa are now attached to the topa of
poles. \ few of the famous Weather Bu
reau kltea will also b< i I, very proh
. i , i • , the will be made conductive
by covi rings of foil. Since the height to
which theae aerial crafts can be sent >»
very great, the distance over which wire
County, t'> secure a warrant for Pesenti'a
i Pesentl la on his way to Redding
on a lik" errand concerning Hunter.
BROOKLYN IS SURE
OF THE PENNANT
BOUNDARY DISPUTE
NEARIN' G SETTLEMENT
Alaskan Controversy May be Ended
During the Next Four
Days.
LONDON. Oct. 7.— H now scorns that the
Alaska controversy will probably be sot
lied even earlier than was suggested yes
erday. There Is reliable authority for the
utatement that the imishing touches will
t».< given at Washington within the next
four days.
OBJECTED TO THE MEDICINE.
Frank Ramos Will Sue tho Sv.ioke-
less Powdn- Oompuiy.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 7.— Fra«K Hamos.
proprietor of the Tamalpals Hotel, has
Soujrht the advice, of an attorney and
s&ya he. will sue the United States Smoke
iiss Powder Company for damages,
which he claims were the result of V^rlnfr-
InK John Fnrrell and Frank Webster to
his hotel when they were injured in the
explosion Inst June.
Ramos alleges that on account of the
powerful odor of the medicines used In
dressing the men's wounds a number of
iruests left his hotel, thereby causing him
to suffer financially. His bill of SS6S was
recently submitted to i board of arbitra
tors composed of S. M. Augustine. iu\d
Henry l\ Wood, which allowed Etamoa
only ISSS 10.
Will Be Deported
1.09 ANGEI.ES, Oct. 7.— ln the rnltod
State* District Court here to-day two
Chinamen from Fresno were ordered de
ported They are Chong Quoc Kin and
Quan Slr.jr. Commissioner Prince of Fres
no ordered thtm deported, but the appeal
was taken to the Untted States court,
which has now affirmed the sentence.
Attorney Terrill Held.
SAN" JOSE, Oct. 7.— Samuel B. Terrill,
the attorney, against whom six Indict
ments for felony are pending, had a pre
liminary examination at Almaden to-<lay
on two charges of embeujlement and was
held to answer before the Superior Court.
Hall in each case was fixed at EX\X>, in de
fault of which he went to jail.
Victory for Freshmen.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 7.-
The Stanford freshmen this afternoon de
feated the ■■••.' is Academy
boy? by a score of 11 to 0 on the college
campus. The teams were evenly matched
so far a.« weight was concerned, but
fctrong Individual phij-inp on the part of
the freshmen won them the saaie.
\Vac«* at Mare Island.
VALLEJO, Oct. ".—Word was received
from Washington to-*iay that nothing will
be done In relation to the report on wages
at Mare Islar.d until the return of Sec
retary Long to Washington about three ;
ne&ks ' lOC*.
less communication i» now possible will
b( enormou ly multiplied, providing suf
flclenl pote] t:i, ; . pan be generated.
"With Lhe pole experiments the limit
thua Tar appears to be beyond eighty
miles, t v.i • mcc of the first tele
line using wires. While Marconi
was working In Europe II was supp si <1
I hai pro i: lon had to be mad. to ov< rcome
the curvature of the earth, but this no
longer seem a necessary from facts I have
lately learned. I understand that an
elgl ty-mlli n . ■ was sent from a sta
tion only seventy feel high, although the
curvature of ih< earth here was a thou
sand feet. Theoretically, the balloons will
make the space possibilitiea almost limit
less. According to the old formula pro
viding for tho earth's curvature, two bal
loons, each a thousand feet high, should
b -mi mi Bsagt a Z6OO miles.
"We also hop,- to prove the utility of a
net of new devices not heretofore used In
any of Marconi's experiments. Receivers
and transmitter) will each he provided
with reflectors made of metal and curved
to the shape of a hollow cylinder turned
on edge. These will be mounted in con
nection with mariner's compasses, show
ing i xactly the directions In which the re
flected rays arc ( from which they
are coming. Th< enormous value of such
b combination can b< seen ai a glance. By
noting hla anprlei the transmitter can ac
curately aim bi the receiver, while the
latter, by turning his reflector until the
Inker begins to write, ran also note the
angle at hla end and tell exactly where
the person Bending the message is nitu
ated. a combination of these advantage
will, of course, appear when both a trans
WAR PRACTICALLY ON
IN THE TRANSVAAL
Continued from First Page.
The Kreuz Zeltung, which represents
the opinions of the court, the army anil
the Conservatives, says: "The sympa
thies of the German public are altogether
on the side of the Boers, Nobody here
doubts that they, after yielding much to
the lordly demands of Great Britain, will
have nothing left thorn but to draw the
sword. As Is the opinion of Germany, so
is the opinion of the world, nt least In so
far as the world la still anti-British. The
victory of Great Britain will Induce Rus
sia and Franco to make headway In Asia
ugrnlnst her. This is a necessary outcome
of the situation. The Boers have only
themselves to rely upon In a hard light.
Time baa Irretrievably gone by when
other countries would nave Interfered out
of sympathy. Morality in politics, as now
understood, means that no country should
risk Its resources or the lives of its peo
ple except for Its own vital Interests, and
that all, nave under such conditions,
should leave to God the adjustment of the
affaii a of the world."
♦
PURCHASES MULES
FOR GREAT BRITAIN
A.USTIN, Tex., Oct. 7.-All of the prin
cipal mule dealers In TV zas have been in
■ tphic corn spondence with Major H.
ntative of the British
Government, Bent i>> the United to
purchase several thousand head of mules
for service In tne military campaign in
South Africa. As n result .>f this corre
spond ii<',> contracts have been made for
the sale of over 8000 bead of mules and
the deals wtll be formally closed as soon
••is Majoi : arrives in the State and
lnsp< k. Major Bcoba] has sig
nified his Intention of purchasing .
>;. ad of the animals In t'exae if prices
are reasonable. This number Is several
thousand more than it w;ls originally an
iced he would buy In the United
B ■
SYMPATHY FOR BOERS.
Resolutions to Be Offered at Laying
of Parnell Monument.
LONDON, Oct. 7.— The hiving of the
foundation-stone of the monument to
Charles Stewart Parnell will take place
to-morrow In Dublin, after the proposal
of the following resolution:
"As the first public work of ParneU was
a noble and memorable effort In Parlia
ment to sustain the. freedom and inde
pendence of the South African Republic,
we deem this a flttins: occasion to declare
our complete sympathy with that gallant
state and to express the fervent hope
that. If war Is forced upon it by Eng
land. It may be able successfully to de
fend its liberties."
Commissioner to Pnris.
ntw YORK, Oct 7 .- W. B. Woodward,
\n\ Commissioner of the United
litton of 191
rived to-day. He brought encouraging
■s concerning the condition of the
d .uui tho united States buildings
a: Pai I
Boy Drowned.
MODESTO, Oct. 7.— Albert Pagan, the
eljrht-yenr-old son of Mr. and Mrs. Fa
gan of Rlverbank; was drowned while
bathing In the Stanislaus River at noon
to-day. Coroner McMuUln and Deputy
Bowker went to the scene this after
noon and recovered the body.
Killed by a Train.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. Willie Spencer.
aged 11 years, was run over by a South
ern Pacific train this morning at the
Workman ati • : crossing. He died an
hour later from his injuries.
Marquis Almerda Dead.
MADRID, Oct. ".—Marquis Almerda.
Captain General of Arajron, is dead.
BIG BANQUET FOR
RETURNING SOLDIERS
OAKLAND. Oct. -Mrs. I L. Requa
to-day announce*! her acceptance of the
appointment' as manager of the dinner to
be served the boys of the Montana and
Kansas regiments, who are to be the
quests of Oakland next Saturday. She
requests that the ladies of this city con
tribute liberally toward making the din
ner r notable one and desires that sand
wiches be omitted from the contributions
this time; that instead bread a;;d cold,
fried and boiled meat, pie*, cakes jellies,
teas and coffees be sent In liberal ' Quan
tities.
King's Pau^hters' Home Fropertv
OAKLAND. Oct. 7.— The directors ■'. the
»C**m&) wutrhters' Horn* for Incurables
heM another meeting this afternoon to
discuss the offer made by A. Leo de La
guna to sell the Kelsev House property
for $12,000. The ground is 535x145 feet, and
the hotel contains forty rooms, Mr. La
fruna offers to spend $1000 to JISM in re
pairs. However, in view of a protest
which is beir.jr circulated and siened by
BOOM people living in the vicinity of the
Kel« House who are opposed to the es
tablishment of I home of Incurables near
their residences, and In view of other
propositions. Including one for the leas
jr.ir of the East Bay Sanitarium at $153
per month, action was deferred for an
other week.
mitter and a receiver are Installed at each
end of the line. Each operator will th'-n
be able to trace the movements of the
other, and troops can be Immediately dis
; i\ hed toward either when called tor.
Furthermore, a centra] station at head
quarters can constantly keep track of the
movements of detachments in the out
posts of skirmish lines.
"Doubtless the naval tests will prove
thin apparatus of Marconi's to be of a^ ;
great, if not greater, value to that arm of j
the service th vi to the army. sTou doubt- i
less wonder how any electric syßtein < .in
be relied upon on board a warship, wh«-r»'
metallic armor ami equlptnentß exert such
a distracting Influence upon the steering
compass. 1-arge conductors near the In
struments, strange to nay, m;ik.> not the
slightest difference. In Italy Marconi
placed a transmitter In the fortress of
Han Bartolomeo and a receiver on hoard
the ironclad S;m Martlno, twelve miles at
sea. The receiver was placed under the
Kuns and in the i nglne moms, surrounded
hy tmis of steel, yet the messages wero
recorded with perfect accuracy.
"I Bee thai In one of Marconi's recent
patents ho claims that his apparatus will
transmit Bignals through earth, air or
water, ami I suspect thai this in no exag
geration. We will teal bis claims, at u-nst.
We want to Irani to what extent his wave
vibrations will travel through <>r over in
tervening hills, mountains and forests,
which make direct heliograph and sema
phore signaling impossible except over a
minute distance. The Isle of Wight ex
periments show that messages can be re
lied upon through fog, snow, rain or hurri
cane."
AN UNSOPHISTICATED
MAID AND A STRANGER
FURTHER ADVENTURE OF C. H.
JONES OF PORTLAND.
Attempting to Relieve Beauty in
Distress, He Succeeds Too Well
for His Own Finan
cial Good.
Clarence Tl. Jones, the ynunsr— very
young theatrical manager from Port
lnrnl. who is Btaying at the Palace Hotel,
seems fated to play knight errant to
(lams. 'is in distreaa and get little thanks
tor his gallantry.
The story of hla Anpel Island episode,
which was published In yesterday's Call,
la but one of several adventures that
have befallen this romantic Individual
since his advent hi this city some eight
days nffo.
Shortly after his arrival Mr. Jones
thought he would take n little walk. He
left the hostelry ut its Market street en
trance and had gone but half a block
or BO toward the ferry when lie was ac
i by a young and beautiful female
who begged him to stop and harken to her
tale of woe.
Many men would have passed on un
heeding. Not so tho chivalrous Jones.
Distressed loveliness was to him some
thing sacred, nnd every fiber of his being
tingled With sympathy as lie listened to
the story of misfortune that the poor, un
sophisticated young thing poured Into his
ears.
She was a country lass who had come
to this great city In the hope of beini?
able to get something to do which might
help her to support a widowed mother
and three paralyzed brothers whom she
had left at home.
She had applied at place after place for
a position, but all her efforts to tlnd em
ployment had proved futile. Little by lit
tle her slender stock of ready means bad
drifted away until now she found herself
alone on the streets at night with no
where to go to lay her head. She was
also sick and faint from want of food.
Did Mr. Jones know where she could go
and get some good advice?
Jones did. She could get all the advice
she wanted from him, but first she had
better step Into a near-by cafe and get
something which would serve to brace up
her shattered system. With charming
simplicity of manner and complete truth
fulness of disposition the maiden stepped
In. She seemed to feel • that she was un
der the guidance of a man of honor and
that all would be well.
What would she take? She did not
know, so Jones ordered two whiskies
one as a stimulant for the maiden and
the other to make the quarter even and
relieve the waiter of the necessity of
bringing any change.
Tho liquor was brought and the maiden
took hers without water, which only
served to further accentuate her charm-
Ing simplicity.
"Now, little girl," said the sympathetic
Jones, "place your head on my manly
shirtfront and pour out your troubles to
one who will do all that he can to re
lieve you."
The maiden did as she was bid. hut,
becoming overcome with the magnitude
of her misfortune, could do nothing but
weep. ; Finally her sobs ceased and she
excused herself while she went out to re
arrange her golden tresses and dry her
deep blue eyes.
Jones waited, but the maiden never re
turned. Possibly the $25 she took with
her. and which had previously rested In
the Jones vest pocket, relieved her from
the necessity of trespassing further on
the kindness of a stranger.
Jones now realises only too well that
the maiden actually was looking for
something to do. It was the unhappy fate
of the man from Portland to be that
something.
Union Methodist Revival.
oaki.anp. Oct 7 .— TV.c programme of
Rev. J. H. Weber, the cyclone evaoseUßt,
for the union rovival at the First Metho
dist Church is as follow*;
October S— Sunday at 11 )u m.— "What I
Saw in the Bible Lands to Prove the Bible
True." Let a. infidels come. •
October S— Sunday afternoon at 3—"Con
secration."
October Sunday at 7:*>— "Will You
Spend Your Eternity in Heaven or Hell?"
October 9— Monday at 7:So— "How I Was
Converted as a Roman Catholic." (Weber
never abuses the Catholics.)
October 10 — Tuesday at 7:3o— "How God
Saves and Keeps Me as a Protestant."
October 11— Wednesday at 7:30— "1s
There a Hell?"' (Are you sure there is
none?)
October 12— Thursday at 7:3o— "Sneaks,
Sneaks, Sneaks."
October 13— Friday at 7:30— "Fools,
Fools."
Dr. George I. Drucker. dentist, has re
turned and will resume practice at 1170
Market street. .'. •-■
"The Best is
. Cheapest"
We team this frcm experience in every
depiri-ricnt of life. Good clothes are most
serviceable and wear the longest. Good
food gives the best tmbimuL Good
medicine, Hood's S^.-<Ar.i'~ZU. is the best
and cheapest, because it cures, absolutely
CURES, svher. all others fat.
tfwcdfi SaUcfm tifla
EXCURSIONISTS AND GAMBLERS
BATTLE ON THE GEORGEANNA
Boat Started for the Yacht Races, but When a
Few Miles Out the Engines Were
Stopped, Games Opened and a
Free Fight Ensued.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7— With band play
ing and flags flying and a merry party of
men find women aboard, the steamer
Georgeanna started this morning osten
sibly for the yacht race. With flag at
half-mast, union down, she returned
about 3 o'clock to be welcomed by a big
crowd of police.
It was a most thrilling story that the
Georgeanna's passengers had to tell— a
story of a battle with gamblers on the
boat In which the gamblers were badly
worsted. The signal of distress was hoist
ed with the result that there was a return
to the city without even a glimpse of the
yachts. The Georgeanna had been adver
tised to carry passengers at $1 a head, but
some well dressed men found that even
a dollar was not needed to get aboard.
The Georgeanna waited a long tlm -
for* she started and her managers seemed
anxious to till the boat. When she did
leave her dock the passengers say she
steamed very slowly. Moreover they al
lege that, it was soon discovered that the
Georgeanna was not going in the direc
tion of the races, but was hugging the
Shore. Excursionists began to think they
saw a reason for this when faro tables,
roulette wheels, sweat boards, whe<
fortune and similar games of chance were
opened up In various parts of the boat.
Just off Sandy Hook the engines stopped
and the boat began to drift. Indignant
ticket holders began to gather on the up
fie.r deck. The ripple of grumbles grew
nto tidal waves and some one proposed
an Indignation meeting and named one
Captain Norton as chairman. Capta>:i
Norton is a one-armed veteran and events
proved a good organiser. He took hold
promptly and a set of resolutions express
ing indignation were drawn up. A com
mittee was appointed to wait upon the
captain. According to Captain Norton he
was hiding in the hold. lie was fright
ened, but said he could do nothing as the
boat was out of coal.
THE INCOMES
OF ORDINALS
ARE REDUCED
Much Excitement Caused
in Sacred College and
Among Churchmen.
ACTION OF THE POPE
An Inventory of the Vatican's Art
Treasures Place Their Vaiua-
tion at $120,000,000.
Special rvispnteh to The Call.
ROME, Oct. 7.— The Pope has recently '
Inaugurated certain reforms appertaining
to church customs that have caused a
flutter of excitement in the sacred col
lege, and among all of the higher prel
ates. The innovation of his Holiness af
iv, ta the incomes of cardinals and the ;
exalted churchmen. For years it has been
the custom to permit these to hold three !
and Bom times as high as five posts, from
each of which more or less remuneration
was derived. Of course, this has permit
ted cardinals to obtain incomes far in
excess of their actual salaries. Now the :
P ipe has abolished all this. He has is
sued an edict to the effect that the high
est salary of a prelate shall not exceed
12,000 lires and a cardinal must content
himself rfth not more than ffi.OOO lires
The surplus revenues of those holding ex
tra offices shall be paid into the Vain an
treasury for the general use of the
church.
When it is remembered that some of
the cardinals enjoy an income of I
lires and Borne prelates as much a-s 70.000
it is evident that the treasury will I
tit by hundreds of thousands per year
It is confidently reported that this swe< p
mg reform is due to investigations made!
Dy tne 1 ope s order as to the extent the I
1146 Market Street. i
J. O'BRIEN &CO.I
' i
JUST TWO WEEKS I
Since the Opening of our New}
A.
SUIT AND CLOAK j
Establishment ♦
With a flattering public approval far beyond our most sanguine expeo- "
Our new stock, which was carefully selected to meet a popular A* V
mand. has undergone the crucial test cf thousands of ladies who havl t
visited our new quarters, and who have with one accord pronounced our ?
assortment far ahead of anything hitherto shown in this city Th? i a f t
est effects in CLOAKS. WRAPS, WALKING JACKETS FINE t£-»« T
STREET AND EVENING COSTUMES. Y?V?S ' E FLR!s . X
TAILOR-MADE SUITS. SHIRT Tv'AISTS. SKIRTS (silk and c'oth^ i
FEATHER BOAS, FANCY NECKWEAR. c.otn). +
BLACK AND COLORED DRES3; FABRICS. X.
Are constantly agving from our expert buyers in Eastern marV-At ♦
combining to forrrTan array of attrtctions of unusual interest tV"* * T
tending purchasers at prices which ommend themselves to ail 1U " .1
; ■ * ♦
T
Black Dress Goods Dept. !
46-inch BLACK CREPONS will be oCered at -.. X.
46-ir.ch BLACK SERGE, all pure wk>l; will bV offered at" "" L ?£ T **l f
FANCY DRESS PLAIDS a* «■ i-erea at.. . . Oe yard J.
TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in black brvwn/ navy and tan' - \£HZ/*** t
GOLF CAPES from :.. . j ? A ~ ot> . Mo up to ?7o £
t to $25 ♦
FIRST-CLASS HAND REQUIRED FOR ALTERATION ROOM ♦
~ r~ * ' t
J, U DlilpJl (S CO. j
146 Market Stree. Bet. Taylor and Mason. I
I Once more the indignation meeting as
sembled and Captain Norton declared it
time for action. "I move we haul down
: the flag, hoisi a signal of distress and
I head the boat for home." shouted Benja
! mln Lockwo id of Norwood, Conn. The
motion was carried with a rush. Before
; any one could interfere the flag was at
! half-mast union down. Then there was a
1 rush for the gamblers, and according to
! all witnesses the light was beautiful.
! Camp stools were used as weapons. Cap
| tain Norton seems to have directed things
i In military style, and the men who wer«
!at the gaming tables were routed. Some
I of them hid below.
The passengers seized wheels, layouts,
i tables and dice and hurled them over
board. Then the fiarht centered about tlm
Bag on the upper deck. Peter Purdue had
'< been left to guard the drooping colors by
Captain Norton. Some one hit him on
the head with a camp stool and he fell
1 senseless. Some one else cut the ha. yards.
When the excursion boat touched the
wharf a dozen nun made a dash for Hb
ertv. but in vain. One of the las- men to
', be taken out was the captain of the boat.
He was hooted as I •■ Left the pier and h»
1 as though he was scared to the
verge of nervous prostration.
Captain Norton and the members of the
Indignation committee followed the pris
oners to the police station. After the ex
citement on the pier was over the police
hack and rounded up about fifteen
men, mostly members of the crew, whom
i they found hiding in various parts of Lie
boat. They also discovered some gam
bling implements.
The Georgeanna is one of the boats or
th< Lincoln Park Steamboat Company of
Philadelphia. She was sent here during
• the yacht races to do an excursion busi
i ness.
One old Scotchman who was among trm
passengers was nearly heartbroken. H*
sobbed, "I saved up for a year to take my
I family to see the Shamrock race and now
1 am cheated out of it all."
church has lately been benefited by the
wills of certain wealthy cardinals. In
quiry Is said to have elicited the fact,
which the P^pe at first refused to believe,
that for twenty years past, during which
a number of cardinals had left large for
tunes, not one member of the sacred col
lege had bequeathed any money to t.»a
church, while bequests to hospitals wer«
made on a most insignificant scale.
The Pope has further shown his Inter
est in the financial affairs of the church
by having the Vatican's art treasures
valued by professional experts, who have
j just completed their labors. The contents
I of the gr-?at picture gallery were valued
at 70,000,000 lires. Raphael's "Transfisr
i uration" vat reckoned to be worth I
000 lires; Egyptian Museum. 56,000.000 lires;
I Numismatic collection, 22,000.000 lires; Pnr
! ghia Museum. 16,000,000 lires; various other
collections, 40,000,000 lires; and the Vatican
library, 200.000,000 lires. What is described
as the church's secret archives were
placed at 5.000,000 '.ires. In short, the
whole art tr> asures within the Vatican
are declared to bo worth 600.000.000 lires
I about $120.'MX>.0<X». Ancient furniture was
i valued al • '■cs and tapestry and
: other stuffs at 6,000,000 lires. Sacred ob
were placed at 50,000,000 lires and
ry and precious stones at 70
; of which 12,000,000 lires' worth is the per
property of the present Pope. St.
: Peter's, with its statuary and other mar
j bles, its mosaic, sacred obiects, etc., was
valued by the same experts at 100.000.0ij0
lires.
CONCERNING FLOOD WATERS.
People of Los Angeles Take an Ac
tive Interest in the Matter.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 7.— The San Fran
cisco representatives of the California
iation for the Storat. |
Waters arrived in Los Angeles this after
noon. The visitors are William Thomas,
W. H. Mills, General J. M. Gleaves. F. J.
Bynames, Hugh Craig, J. A. Filcher, T.
C. Fried lander and F. W. Dohrmann
William Thomas presented the case for
the San Franciscans. In part he said:
•Our Idea is to have this State take up
the work :or itself, supplement.;
work done by the Government. The entire
matter is a business proposition, and is
resolved into nothing more than owner
ship of water by the State. Not one cent
of money shall be spent until we know
what the whole thing will cost, and to
this end a survey is proposed to secure
the necessary data."
J. A. Filcher, secretary of the associa
tion, read a printed address to the citi
zens of California, declaring the need for
the conservation of the flood waters of the
State and calling a convention to meet In
San Francisco on November 14 to devise
ways and means to this end.
It was moved and carried that the rep
resentatives present from the Los Angeles
organizations be authorized to select del
egates to the San Francisco convention
after which action the meeting was ad
journed.ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL SALS THIS WEEK
DRESS GOODS,
NOVELTY AMD CAMEL'S HAIR
PLAIDS.
SEE OUR IMMENSE WINDOW
DISPLAY.
THESE ARE A FEW OF THE SPECIAL
BARGAINS FOR THIS WEEK:
New Granite Plaid Dress Goods
Very pretty coJorings, double folds, silk
stripe eflect— C'ir this ■weak only
25c per yard.
Blank and "Wh ito X ovslty Flsid Dress Goods
The latest fad. fancy weave«, silk strips,
S6 inches wide for this w<*ek only
6Oc yard.
New €ordnroy Plaid Dress Goods—
30 different colnrlnsH, very frtyiish and
tho most serviceable plaid, mode for
•waists and children's dresses, will wash —
for Uil* week only
sOc yard.
Imported Camel's Hair Plaid Drois Goods—
A iarfre range of the latest fall eolorinjjs.
; Including Grays, Black and White. Pur-
ple, Cyrano, N«w Brown, etc; rough,
heavy "effects; all woo), « to 4S Inches
wide apocial prices for this week,
SI.OO and .25 per yard.
Also a large variety of finest quality im-
ported ••Zllbellne," Roman Stripe, French
Foule and New Grir Plaids from
$1.50 to $4.00 per yard.
EXTRA! EXTRA! EXTRA !
XCBT ARRIVED— Oases
RoTigli Top Gael's E*ir Plaids—
All the latest colorings, including New
\ Blue, Brown, Green. Red, Porpto, etc,
with lrvCK blaak hairy «C'*.Tt, adapted for
separate skirts— special bargain for this
week only
3Oc per yard.
A Bleached Cotton Ifciolr Towel—
\ EXTRA SI2XS, especially adapted for
hotel uae — s>r>ecial '.>r
75c per dozen.
Honey CoTr.b Spreads —
UarsollKea patterns, already hemmed and
ready for use, full large size special for
SI.OO each.
_
Unblaaehsd Table Damask —
All pure linen, extra heavy, 70 Inches
wide, a good value for &0c per yard spe-
cial at
4Oc per yard.
! Bleachod Damask Ts.blo Napkins—
; Larpe ?i7<>. all linen, good valu« for $1 50
dozen — sp<;i?lal for
$1.25 per dozen.
Above goods on sale at our Market-st.
j »tore only.
KOHLBERO, STRAUSS
i & FROHMAN,
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
*9BsSwßS6*Sf\
bwi ' ' i * 't.aajgj^.ma/riy.agf^iKA'— .tay
When requested, the resorts mentioned
In this column will send you circular* ;
pivlriß full Information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching j
them, etc "When writing please mention
The Call. !
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health arc Hotel
and assured | del
Pleasure at Cononado '
Send for Panjphlets. Terms. Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now In Effect
Apply at 4 New Montgomery at.. 8. F.
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS
For the relief and cure of Rheumatism,
Gout, Diabetes, Brights and other renal
complaints, Asthma, Obesity and Chron-
ic Catarrh.
For further information address
J. PERRAULT, M.D.,
PAR AISO SPRINGS.
Or office, city, No. 336 Sutter st.
RYRON The hot mineral baths
„ ' ~ cure RHEUMATISM.
JTiO 1 ACaress A- Betterta, mgr M
onniv/>C at the Springs. Call on
S>|-*KIIN(_I^ Lombard & Co.. n + Oeary
street, olty.
BOCA HOTEL.
FtNEBT HUNTING AND FISHINO OITJTH
Truckee River; pleaeant sunny rooms, food
boating on lake; boats free to guests, prices
reasonable, $8 to $10 per week; Rpeclal rat»i for
famllleu. W. 3. McDONALD, Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL. . \
CLIMATE. SCENERY. EXTSJRTAINMKTrT: |
none better In Lake Co. gat Indoors md
out. H. AM BO LI
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 V.
* m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. A_s.
r>REW JACKSON. Napa Soda Hprlngs P. O. m
...DO NOT... \\
Be Without \
"THE CALL"
During: Your Vacation. \
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting: tM
country, seaside or springs during tho Sum-*
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them!
for a week or longer by prepaying for »am»
tt the Business Of flea or by order througi
carrier.
...TERMS.-
-15 Cents — -.. ....pop Week
65 Cents --,„,, per Moatb
ro*MGc rnnrAiDt
PRESIDENT THE GUEST
OF THE MARQUETTE CLUB
Archbishop Ireland Present and Speaks of
the Advent of the Flag in the
Philippine Islands.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7.— Thlrty-flve hundred
men gathered around the tables in the
srea.t banquet hail of the Auditorium to
night at the annual banquet at the M.vr
quette Club. This banquet is a regular
event and although corning at tho same
time as the fall festivities is not distinc
tively a part of it. The festival banquet,
under the auspices of the committee, will
be held Monday nipht.
The guest of honor was PreHident Mc-
Klnley, who sat at a raised table on tho
e^ist side of the hall. On the right of the
President sat Archbishop Ireland of St.
Paul. Others at the table were Secretary
Ga»?e, Attorney General Griggs, Post
master General Smith, Secretary Hay,
oth«r membere of the President's party
and officers of the Marquette Club. There
wore no special decorations at the ban
quet, a preat mass of roses in front of thi
President being the only display.
It was beyond the appointed time when
President Wickersham, after the remains
of the banquet had been removed, called
the gathering to order and introduced
Addison BaJlard, an old settler of Chicago,
who gave a humorous description of Chi
cago in its early days in speaV-lng of the
sentiment "Old Chicago." He was fol
lowed by Archbishop Ireland, who rose to
speak of "The American Republic." The
Archbishop was given an ovation as he
rose and his speech was an eloquent
tribute to American manhood and to the
republic, which he declared to be "the
best form of organized democracy re
vealed in humanity's history." The Arch
bishop's closing words were:
"With anxious eye and throbbing heart
v.-c watch to-day tho Journeying of the
flag of America toward distant Isles. \\ c
I>ray for Its safety and its honor; we pro
clalm that in Asia, as in America. It
i!<. -hub liberty and all liberty brings with
it. Some say it means In Asia the re
pression of liberty. God forbid. It means
tn Asia the Institution of civil order, bo
that America, to whom the f:\tes of war
have brought the unsought duty of main
taining order in those islands, may Bee
ioid know who are the people of the Phil
ippines, who there have the right to speak
for the people, what the people desire
:tnd for what the people arc fitted. Civil
order— and it must be restored— the flag
of America may hi* trusted to be for th I
J'hiilppines, the harbinger and the guard
ian of liberty anu the rights of the peo
ple. The American republic! She will
five and with her liberty will live. "
As Boon as the applause which greeted
the Archbishop as he took his seat had
subsided President Wickersham Intro
duced Secretary R. .ot. The Secretary <if
War spoke of the need of improvement in
the fighting machinery of the United
States army and expressed The h.op»
the lessons of the recent conflict w
not be lost upo.-i Congress. After dwell
ing upon the efforts to establish a formid
able force in tho Philippines the Secre
tary .«tated that by November 15 65,000
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! FACTS
I SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES
i Ask Th se Whom We Have
I Cure! Whether* There Is Any
« Virtue in Our Treatment for
I Catarrh, Deafness and Kin-
-1 dred Diseases.
) W^, 4
I MR. EDW. JULIAN. 1010 THIRD I
1 STREET, Oakland, cured of catarrh I
» and ulcer of the stomach. f
S Th« followlne Is from EI>W. |
8 CHEVER, office 5 Pioneer place, city: 1
it. Dr. Fleckenstein, — Dear Doctor: |
jj You have treated me for catarrh and t
j deafness for the post three months, B
t and it la but simple Justice to you C
i to say that I have been greatly bene- f
t\ !lt»<i by your treatment. My hearing f
% was very seriously Impaired and 1 |
could not hear ordinary conversation. I
£ My throat gave me great concern. It
£ was nearly Impossible to loo6en the
i phlegm which adhered to the bronchial
L tubes and this made speaking; difficult.
It la a pleasure to awure you that I
can now hear ordinary conversation
without difficulty, and my throat
trouble has about disappeared. Aa I
had a very severe cold lately without
disturbing my hearing 1 the least bit. I
regard my bearing aa permanent.
Ap fl n a month la the total ex-
\K j I pense of treatment for
VvIUU uny chronio ailment or
malady, and includes all
medlcme* and appliances and our con-
stant can* and attention until ourod.
PATIENTS LIVING AT A DIS-
TAXCT3I can be successfully treated
by the aid of Dr. Fleckenstein'a symp-
tom blanks and patients' record sheets,
sent free on application.
CONSULTATION FREE.
It will cost you nothing to write or
call on us and have a diagnosis made
of your case, an honest opinion what
can be done for it, and, If curable, how
long It will take.
THE FLECKENSTEIN
MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
EMPORIUM BUILDING.
825 and 855 MARKET STREET,
Rooms 615-516 Fifth Floor.
Office hours— From 9 a. m. to 12 m.;
from 1 to 6 p. m.; evenings, Tuesdays
and Fridays; Sundays from Htm.
to 12 m.
iff/O 'Years' SuccessM
n| In every quarter of the Globe. ||
iDrccBRISTOLS]
SARSAFARBLLA
jpl and PILLS J|
Jglfromirf.Powrful Purifiers gj*
loßf THE VERT BEST OP ALL JSJ9
(IBM BLOOD AND LIVER CLEJUJSERS.^M^
i BTa^THE LfADiNG DRUfIGISTS.J^
I
i . -—■■■.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CAL,I>, SUKDAT, OCTOBER 8, 1890.
American soldiers would be there. He
added:
"Now what are these men fighting: for?
Are they fighting a Filipino nation? No.
There la no such thing. There are there ,
sixty different tribles, speaking sixty dlf
ferent languages, and or the3e all but one !
wish to come under tha control of the
United States.
"Are we fighting all this one tribe— the
Tagalos? No; we are fighting no more
than one-half of this nation. We are !
fighting against the selfish ambition of a
military dictator who has been permitted
to gather all the men In the Island discon- !
tented with Spanish rule and array them
against our Government, while we
wrested the Islands for them from th* I
domination of Spain.
"The title we have to the island of
Luzon is better than our title to Louis
lana or Texas, and it rests upon a higher
duty to humanity."
Senator Fairbanks of Indiana, was the
next speaker. His response to the senti- \
mont "The Present Administration" was
received with great demonstrations of ap- !
proval. James E. Boyd spoke- upon "Re- i
publicanism in the South." President |
YVickorsham then brought the assembly i
standing by the sVinouncement that Presi
dent McKlnloy would speak. In a brief
speech the President, who was gTeeted
with frantic cheers, said:
"I rise only to express my warm appre
ciation of the affectionate salutation of
the Marquette Club and to say that I
reciprocate it with all my heart.
"You have not only been my friends, '
fnithfu! and unfaltering at all times, but,
what Is of more moment and what Is i
much noblor, you have been at all times
faithful to your country, true to the in
violability of public faith, standing al
ways for honost government and honest
money (applause), and forever standing
for the honor and integrity of the flag
wherever It floats, carried by our soldiers
or our pailors on land or on sea." (Great
applause, lasting for several minutes.)
The last address of the evening was I
made by Judge Howland J. Hamlin of |
Illinois, who spoke on "The Patriotism of
the West."
PRESIDENT'S SPEECH ON A
FAMOUS DEBATING GROUND
GALKSBURG, Til., Oct. 7.-On the ram- j
pus of historic ICnox College, -where.
forty-one years ago, Abraham Lincoln
and Stephen A- Douglas met In one of a i
memorable series of debates to determine
which should occupy a seat in the I'nited
States Senate, President McKlnley and j
Postmaster General Emory Smith this
morning delivered stirring- addresses,
commemorative of the contest between ',
the two great leaders of former days. j
The citizens of Galesburg turned out en
masse to honor the President and the j
members of his Cabinet.
Congressman George "W. Prince wel
comed the President to the Tenth Con
gressional District, and the greeting on
the part of tho people of Illinois was
spoken by General Shelby M. Cullom. The
brief speech of the President was listened
to with the closest attention and punc
uirued throughout its delivery with out
bursts of applause. The President said:
"Mr. Chairman and My Fellow Cltiz-?:is:
The time and place make this meeting
.noinnrable. Forty-one years ago on this
Bpot two mighty leaders representing op
posing ideas contended for ina-uery before
! the tribune of the people. It was a contest
which history wlil n.)t fall to record and
some are yet living to tell of its interest-
Ing- and thrilling story. It has been re
cited around the family fireside until to
the people of Illinois it has become a
household tale, inspiring love of liberty
and devotion to free institutions. Here,
therefore, are sacred memories which will
.►■rished by this community for all
time and are permanently incorporated in
iho lite of the nation. Lincoln and Doug
las are inseparably connected with the
public mind. Their association began in
conflict and ended in co-ODeration. They
wert; in antagonism for more than
a generation over the interpreta
tion of the constitution, and were
united at last when the consti
| tution itsolf was assailed. They might
I differ as they did over the meaning <>(
some of its provisions, but when the crisis
came they stood together for Its In
violability and for the inseparability of
the Union it established. The one assert
ed the light of slavery under certain com
ditions to enter tne Territories— the otuer
disputed that right under any conditions;
hut both agreed that the slave power
should not divide the Union. The debato
was national and historical. It com
manded profound attention. It interested
all sections. It was watched with deep
est anxiety by the followers of both. It
was read and studied as no other public
discussion before or since. It presented
the host of two conflicting? schools of
thought. It was epoch-making and marked
an '-;>och in our history. It touched th"
public conscience. It influenced public
thought and purpose. It nimld the issue
Impossible or escape; it could be no
longer avoided or evaded. It united the
friends of liberty as well as those of
slavery. It hastened the 'Irrepressible
conflict.' It was not the beginning of the
agitation, but it carried it into the lives
and homes of the republic, and no issue
is ever rightly settled until It is settled
there. It is no little source of satisfac
tion that upon tho great question present
ed In these debates while Douglas car
ried the Legislature Lincoln had a
majority of the people. The torch of lib
erty was not lighted here, but it flamed
forth with a broader, brighter, bolder
light, as it was lifted up by the strong
arm of Abraham Lincoln.
"Three years — only throe years — inter
vened, and tho debate was removed from
the arena of peaceful dlscuspion to that
of war and carnage. And then Lincoln
and Douglas stood no longer divided,
fiumter wns fired on April 12, 188 L On the
l&th of that month Lincoln Issued his call
for 75.000 troops. The position of Doug
las at this critical juncture was that of
a patriot. Without halting or hesitating
he aligned himself on the side of the
National Government and threw the force
of his great In support of the
executive. Lpon the occasion of his mem
orable visit to Lincoln, immediately aft«r
the first call for volunteers, he dictated
to the representative of the Associated
Press a dispatch In these words:
•' 'April 18, 1861.— Senator Douglas called
on the President and had an interesting
conversation on the present condition of
the country. The substance of it was, on
the part of >Ir. Douglas, that while he
was unalterably opposed to the adminis
tration in all its political issues, he was
prepared to fully sustain the President, in
iho exercise of all his constitutional func
tions to preserve the Union, maintain the
Government and defend the Federal capi
tal. A firm policy and prompt action were
necessary. The capital was In danger and
must be defended at all hazards and at
any expense of men and money. He spok?
of the present and future without any
reference to the past.'
"He no longer considered party. His
sole consideration was for his country.
He had no sympathy with our enemies in
the North who openly or secretly coun
seled the dissolution of the Union. He
was for the flag, and for its cause and the
brave men -who carried it had his blessing
and prayers. His patriotic course wan a
mighty factor in molding Union sentiment
and in uniting the patriotism of the
country and should serve as an example
of good citizenship and an inspiration to
duty.
"Though Douglas espoused a cause
(loomed to defeat, yet his name Is cher
ished by patriots everywhere, because
when the test came he was found sup
porting the Government and advising his
followers to uphold the constituted au
thorities. It Is the cause which lives and
it Is the cause which makes the men iden
tified with It Immortal In history. Lin
coln was the leader of the triumphant
cause. Douglas, though opposed to him
for a lifetime, supported and strength
ened his arm. Both will be remembered
longest, not for the debate, but for their
part in the mighty events which ensued.
They will live because the Union which
was saved and the liberty which was es
tablished will endure to perpetuate their
names.
"To Lincoln, who In 1858 was strngr
rllng here apalnst the encroachment of
slavery, not for Its destruction where It
existed, but against the further exten
sion, was finally given by the people un
der the providence of God the opportuni
ty and the power to enthrone liberty in
every part of the republic."
Then followed the oration of the day by
Postmaster General Smith. Mr. Smith's
eloquent/tributes to the character ana
service of both Lincoln and Douglas and
his reminiscences of old days in the Illi
nois political arena were much appre
ciated by the Immense crowd of listeners,
some of whom had been among the audi
ences which in 1858 witnessed the polemic
j warfare between the great emancipator
and the champion of popular sovereignty.
At the conclusion of the exercises short
ly before noon the Presidential party
boarded the train for Chicago.
JOLIET, 111., Oct. 7.— A pleasant inci
dent of the stop at La Salle was the pre
sentation to Mrs. McKinley of some beau
tiful flowers by a group of little girls.
The President was Introduced to an im
mense crowd at La Salle by Senator Cul
lom. He spoke as follows:
"I never journey through the East or
the South or the West that my pride ;n
my country is not increased. My love of
it is enhanced and my confidence in its
noWe mission and its permanence firmly
I re-established in my heart. We are a na
| tion of seventy-five millions of people, all
i of thftm possessing equal opportunities In
I the race of life, with public schools and
other schools open for the education of
the boys and the girls freely and without
! pride; with hope put in the heart of the
I humblest boy in the land, and the right
, of that boy to aspire to the highest place
.in the gift of this free republic. And If
j you needed any example of the glorious
opportunities of American citizenship,
! you have them here in your own great
I State of Illinois. Lincoln, Douglas, Lo
' gan, Lovejoy, Oglesby and a long list be
. sides, coming from the humblest walks of
i life at last reached the highest summits
'of fame and fnvor In the republic. And
now to us, for this government rests upon
the people, and all the people, is commit
ted this great fabric of government. Shall
I we maintain it in its Integrity? (Prolonged
I applause and cries of '^es.") Let your
I boys and mine be educated in patriotism.
j and If so educated no harm can befall the
j republic."
At Ottawa, the next stop. President Mc-
Kinley spoke as follows:
"My fellow-citizens: I very much appre
ciate the fact that at this busy period so
many of you have left your accustomed
occupations and assembled here to give
ime welcome and cheer. I rejoice at your
; prosperity. I re.ioice at the prosperity
! which is everywhere observed through
: out our country, and I wish for you and
I all the people continued blessings under
a government which we love and believe
is the beat in the world."
UNION BANK TROUBLES,
Director Stock Resig-ns and Others
Threaten to Follow Suit.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 7.— Ore-it dissatisfaction
has nrisen among stockholders and de- j
posltom of the Union Ravings Bank over
President Rea's management of that in- ;
stitution's affairs. Several of the direct
ors have been threatening to resign for
pome time, and yesterday P. H. Stock
tendered his resignation. T. B. Caldwell.
Janitor in one of the schools, was elected !
to the vacancy. It is said that Directors i
JSaton, Calllscn and Jones are also on the j
verge of resigning. Rea has been con- j
ducting things in a high-handed manner ;
and th«» election of Caldwell makes him j
complete master of the situation.
Normal School Wins.
BAN JOSE, Oct. 7.— The football game to
day between the Santa Clara High School
and Staff Normal School teams was won
by the Normals by a score of 23 to 0 and
four touchdowns. Allen, the fullback of
the Santa Claras, had his hip dislocated.
REVOLUTION IN
VENEZUELA ENDED
Castro Accepts the Con-
ditions Proffered.
Special IMspatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— The Navy D«
partmt nt has received the following ca-
M^srain from Commander Hemphlll of
the L). troit:
"LA (iI'AVRA, Oct. 6.— The Detroit ar
rived to-day. By advice of United States
Minister, I have brought the Government
Peace Commissioner from Puerto Cabello,
so as to expedite the ponding negotia
tions for poace before the expiration of
tht; armistice. Castro lias accepted the
conditions proffered, and if the Venezue
lan President will hold to them final set
tlement will be arranged on October 9 at
Victoria. The tt rms of settlement have
not been ascertained, but a change of
administration is probable.
"HEMPHTLI*"
Tt is believed by administration officials
that the end oi sinfe in Venezuela is
Dear. According to Commander Ilemp
hill >>f the Detroit, the, Andrade adminis
tration ;s doonii <1.
Some comment is made in diplomatic
circles at Commander Eiempbill's frank
prediction that a change of administra
tion is probable, and some diplomats say
it may prove rather embarrassing for the
Government should President Andrade re
main in power. Naval officers say, how
ever, that Commander Hemphill would
never have made such a statement had
he not been sure of the fact.
ANDRADE SATISFIED
WITH BOUNDARY AWARD
Says a Portion of the Usurped Terri
tory Has Baen Restored to
Venezuela.
CARACAS, Oct. 7.— The award of the
Ang-io-Venezuelan boundary arbitration
tribunal has be«-n received hnre with satis
faction. The Intelligent classes consider
that the possession of Baxima Point will
prove of great advantage to Venezuela.
In the course of an Interview President
Andrade said: "The result is a cause of
rejoicing for this country because Justlco
and the laws of the civilized world have
restored a portion of usurped territory
and demonstrated the soundness of our
claims." The newspapers universally
welcome the award.
FIGHTERS ARRESTED.
County Sheriff Prevents Prizefight
Carnival in Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 7.— Six thou
sand men who paid their way into Con
vention Hall to-night to see a prizefight
between Oscar Gardner and Harry Forbes
got only return checks for their money,
when six negroes appeared in the ring
for a preliminary battle royal the County
Marshal ajid the County Sheriff stepped
in with ten deputies nnd arrested the
fighters and cleared the ring.
A fight among political factions, said
to involve the division of the proceeds,
was the cause of this interference by the
county authorities after the city police
officials had agreed to permit the fight.
The promoters state that the fighters will
meet a week from to-night, but it is not
believed that they can pull off the mill.
Game Law Inoperative.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 7.— While the open
jjamo season began October 1 for the kill
ing of quail and ducks certain provisions
<if the local ordinances have curtailed that
keen enjoyment usually allotted to
sportsmen. The county ordinance pro
hiblta killing quail in I,os Angeles Coun
ty except from December 1 until January
1. The provision that no game can be sold
here that Is killed in this county -will, by
the opinion of the legal department, be
come Inoperative, ap the law is construed
that game killed in other counties can
be sent to this market and sold. Dealers
to-day say they will act upon that opin
ion aiid .iccept shipments that heretofore
have been refused. This Information has
caused an exodus to-night of all hunters
Who to-morrow will invade the preserves
and every water hole within shooting dis
tance.
Oppose Anti-Consumption Law.
L.09 ANGELES, Oct. 7.— From a care
ful poll of the membership of the State
Board of Health at Its session held In Los
Anpeles last week it has transpired that
only one member was recorded In favor
of the Crowley anti-consumption law and
that was Dr. D. D. Crowley, the author
of the resolution. Final action upon this
Important resolution will be had on Tues
day nigrht in the Palace Hotel at San
Francisco, where the Stat« Board of
Health will convene.
AGUINALDO PROCLAIMS
RELEASE OF AMERICANS
Prays for the Success of the Democratic
Party, Which He . Thinks Will Grant
Him Recognition.
MANILA, Oct. 8, 10 a. m.— The advance from Imus and Bo
coop toward Malabon and Old Cavite began early this morn-
Ing. General Law ton is in command*
MANILA, Oct. $.— Aguinaldo, at the i
rebel headquarters at Tarlac, has issued
I a proclamation releasing all American
I prisoners and permitting Boldiers In the
i northern provinces to return home. The
i proclamation Bays In part:
"In America there Is a great party that
Insists on the Government recognizing Fil
; lplno independence. That party will cora
i pel the United States to fulfill the prom
: ises made to us in all solemnity and good
! faith, though not put into writing.
"Therefore we must show our gratitude
and maintain our position more resolutely
1 than ever. We should pray God that the
I great Democratic party may win the next
: Presidential election and imperialism f;iil
I in its. mad attempt to subjugate us by
force of arms. There are some Americans
in the Philippines who have joined us be
i cause they disapprove of the war— of what
Mr. Atkinson calls criminal aggression.
' "When offered a chance to return to their
own camp they declined."
There is much more of a similar trend
! throughout the proclamation, which Is a
i lengthy one.
BUT FEW VOLUNTEERS
ARE NOW NEEDED
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— The total num
ber of recruits obtained for the twelve vol
unteer regiments last called out is 14.155,
including H35 men secured yesterday. The
Thirty-eiKhth. Thirty-ninth, Forty-fourth,
Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth regiments are
fully organized, and the Fortieth, Forty
second, Forty-third and Forty-seventh
and Forty-eighth each have more than
I 1000 men. The Forty-flrst and the Forty
-1 ninth are the only regiments not yet up to
i the 1000 mark. Less than 1500 men aro
! needed to complete the organization of
the entire volunteer army, as now author
! Ized.
TENNESSEEANS NOW
HOMEWARD BOUND
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— General Otis
to-day advised the War Department that
the transport Puebla sailed from Manila
CHINESE ATTACK
FRESNO POLICE
Two Shots Fired But No
One Injured.
Special IMspatch to The CalL
FRESNO, Oct. 7.— Tonight Constables
Puleston and Dumas atttempted to raid a
fan-tan game in Chinatown. While they
were trying to batter down a heavy door
the Chinamen on the roof of the building
across the street opened tire on them, fir
ing two shots.
A lot of bricks, bottles, etc., were also
hurled on the officers. No one was hurt,
although several bystanders were hit by
bricks. The fan-tan players were not ar
rested, and it was impossible to tell who
had done the shooting.
WHAT BRITONS THINK OF
OUR POLICY IN THE EAST
BOSTON, Oct. 7.— Senator George Prls
bie Hoar, who has spent the summer In
Kurope, arrived to-day on the Canada,
When asked what the British, as a rule,
think of our policy in the East, Senator
Hoar replied abruptly:
"They think we are making big asses
of ourselves, but are very anxious that
we shall do it. They think that it is an
abandonment of our old attitude regard
ing the question of public liberty and the
taking up of theirs, and that we are not
doing it well. But it is very easy for a
man traveling abroad to get in a plane of
sentimtm that agrees with his own."
Senator Hoar said he had never heard
an Englishman speak in private with
anything but amusement at our attitude.
"They think It to their advantage,"
he added, "to have us in the East mak
ing a league of otiier nations against
them impossible."
Being pressed as to his personal vlew3
In the matter. Senator Hoar said he be
lieved the feeling of regret was strength
ening that we did not make the treaty
provisions relating to the Philippines like
those which relate to Cuba.
"It seemed to me at the time," said he,
"and all my reflections since has con
firmed me in this opinion, that if we had
precisely the same provisions In the
treaty as regarda the Philippines as w«
have in regard to Cuba we should have
had no war. Instead of a lasting enmity,
we should have had the undying gratitude
of that people. We should have aided
them in keeping order, and there would
have been a new nation in the East, dif
fering from Japan, in fact it would have
been a republic, and we should have had
the glory forever of having been their lib
erators and benefactor*.
"Undoubtedly the Republican party is
attached to the President. Ha deserves
the attachment. Republicans desire to
sustain his .administration. They do not
lind anything attractive in the alternative
of Mr. Bryan. They hope when Con
gress meets some solution of this C'ffl
culty may still be found upon which the
President, Congress and all lovers of lib
erty among the people may stand to
gether."
CHICAGO'S FESTIVAL
OPENS IN EARNEST
CHICAGO, Oct. 7.— The celebration of
the Chicago autumn festival began in
earnest to-night with the arrival of Presi
dent McKlnley and the members of his
Cabinet, Vice President Mariscal of Mex
ico and party and Sir Wilfrid Laurlei*,
Premier of Canada, with other Canadian
notables.
To-night also the first of the series of
parades and banquets were held, and from
now until Tuesday business will be prac
tically suspended. Vast crowds congre
gated to-night in the handsomely decor- I
ated and brilliantly illuminated court of t
honor. ■
One of the features of to-night's cele
bration was the bicycle procession of over
7000 uniformed wheelmen.
Its Golden Jubilee.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 7.— The First Presby
terian Church of this city began the
golden jubilee celebration of Its organiza
tion to-day, it having been organized Oc
tober 7, 1849. The edifice was beautifully
decorated and there was a large attend
ance both in the afternoon and evening:
Dr. Dinsmore, the pastor, presided. Pa
pers on the history of the church were
read by Mrs. M. H. Field and Rev. Dr.
yesterday with 105 sick and 100 discharged
men. The Garonna will sail to-day, and
the Indiana will sail to-morrow with tha
Tennessee troops. General Otis says:
"The Indiana was sent south early in
September to collect the Tennessee regi
ment at Iliolo, in Cebu. She picked up a
portion at Iloilo, and then proceeded to
Cebu, where the regiment volunteered Its
services to assist to drive off the insur
gents from the mountains near that city.
The services were accepted by General
Snyder, and the insurgents were over
whelmingly defeated, the Tennessee men
taking a prominent part. They then re
embarked at Cebu, reaching- this harbor
on th elst inst. They were detained to
complete the necessary discharge papers
and will sail in the Indiana to-morrow."
REINFORCEMENTS SENT
TO ADMIRAL WATSON
WASHINGTON, Oct 7.— "Four addi
tional men-of-war have been ordered to
join your fleet, four more will be ordered
next week, and four more the week after
if it Is found necessary." This is the
substance of a cablegram sent to Rear
Admiral Watson by the Navy Depart
ment. Dissemination of this news,
i coupled with the additional information
that Admiral Dewey heartily supports the
President in his purpose to crush the re
bellion •will, the authorities believe, have
a very wholesome effect upon the Fili
pino army.
! Official information received here shows
i that Aguinaldo has been keeping a large
I number of malcontents in check by as-
Hurlnsj them that Admiral Dewey was the
j friend of the Filipinos and that when he
j reached Washington his influence would
; suffice to bring about arbitration. Ad
i miral Dewey himself knew of this talk,
j and in his first interview with the Presi
■ dent made it plain that he fully agreed
with the chief executive that a sound
thrashing of the rebels was necessary in
order to secure an early peace in the
Philippines, and that the islands should
Ibe permanently held by the United
' States. When it becomes generally known
to the insurgents that Admiral Dewey in
dorses the administration policy the au
thorities, including the admiral, expect
I that Aguinaldo's army will become so
demoralized that surrender will be in
', evitable.
Babb. This evening there was a social
and reception. The Second Presbyterian
Church is joining in the celebration. To
morrow will be the principal day. In the
morning Dr. Minton, a former pastor,
will preach. At l.oon the Sunday-school
will hold anniversary exercises and at 7:30
o'clock there will be a special song ser
vice and addresses by several ministers.
HOTEL-KEEPER MISSING.
Joseph Cooper Believed to Have Been
Burned to Death.
WAIiNUT CREEK, Oct. 7.-The hotel
at Lafayette, owned by Joseph Cooper,
also known as Liverpool Joe, was burned
to the ground early this morning. The
hotel was occupied by the owner, who
probably perished in the flames, as ho has
not been seen since.
Senator Allison Speaks.
CEDAR RAPIDS. lowa. Oct. 7.— The
Republican oumpalpn for the Fifth Con
gressional District opened to-day at Ma
rion with an address by Senator "William
Allison. Allison was met at the depot by
a large delegation headed by a band and
escorted to the Daniels Opera-house,
where he Bpoke two hours on the issues
of the day to an audience filling the the
ater.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
DISEASED
FAT
FLABBINESS
i can be cured, without wrinkles,
sunken cheeks or flabby skin, by
\ the new
Edison
Treatment for Obesity
This treatment is scientific, safe
and certain. It is successful in 99
cases out of 100. Its success is
! proved by the fact that 75 per cent
i of our clients come to us through
■ personal* recommendation.
The dangers of obesity cannot
:be exaggerated. Surplus fat clogs
vitality and shortens life, besides
being disagreeable and inelegant.
Dr. Edison's treatment consists
in the use of his Obesity Pills and
Reducing Tablets.
No Obesity Remedial hat Dr. Edison's Cor* Ofatlty.
MRS. HELEN MARTIN WAY. GEARY ST
San Francisco, writes as follows: • '
"I crew fat very rapidly— lncreased in weight
from 134 to 17G and had a serious liver trouble
In consequence. Dr. Thomas advised me to
use Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills and Reducing
Tablets. These remedies have reduced me
forty-one pounds in six weeks, cured my liver
trouble and improved my form and health.
I bought two of each kind."
. Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills and Reducing Tab-
lets are perfectly harmless, and strengthen and
Invigorate all who use them. Obesity Reduc-
ing Tablets. 12 a box; Obesity Pills, $160 "a
bottle, 3 bottles. $4— enough for one treatment
Dr. Edison's Reducing Tablets and Pills are
sweet, palatable and convenient to take.
We send free our new edition of "HOW TO
CURE OBESITY." 60 portraits and numerous
other illustrations. The Information It con-
tains Is invaluable. FAT FOLKS SEND FOR
IT. .
Free advice about obesity from our New York
Medical Department. Write and describe your
case. We forward goods promptly. No print-
Ing on our envelopes. Our goods are kept In
•took by the leading druggists.
IORINO & CO. (Ltd.), DepL 89, U ■West S2d
it, New York City.
Toffrwr\ Removed with ease.
I riLLIHJ WITHOUT PAIN.
JW,, M l. . Enclose stamp Prof.
IYiaPKS BU EL, Bud, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦»♦♦»♦ t
j /$% SUIT j
♦ l£F $15.00:
♦ wP U/ 1 \J iuV T
>^\2J^)^ Magnificent *
jr^^-A^S^av Double - J
1 6SsSSW«^tw^ Breasted Suit I
1 iMiiMia of ' high-Krade *
1 K^iwll Venetian I
♦ i^.'^ J*:/V l Cloth: seams I
1 irVr 1&v \Bv tailor stitched; J
*' rW»^"--><«W J©- 1 lined. Also x
I V^.B^?^: Jw made in single- I
>S«^§^<SiV/"W>' breasted style I
° \^^S^^^ with fly front ' I
1 P^SSsfsiS come in tans, I
1 I'- "}sV a browns, black, I
til!!!!*!!* gray and!
il« navy blue.
X ♦
: WOOL WAISTS, $1.50. !
i Just received— lot of all-wool **
♦ • Waists; trimmed in six rows of sou- I
I * tache braid, colors of red, black 7
i 7 and navy blue; extra value at $1 50. T
\ I PLAID DRESS SKIRTS, $4.50 ♦
X KNITTED UNDERWEAR, 25c. :
I f Ladies' Knitted Underwear, In I
, * Tests and Pants; heavy ribbed, I
! * fleece back, very elastic, finished x
[ seams, come long and short sleeves; I
I worth 50c; special 25c. I
t 50c CORSETS, 30c. \
0 Lot of Corsets worth 50c: made of ♦
«> gTay jean, well boned, steel pro- ♦
j ♦ tector, perfect-fitting; special 30c. ♦
;: $1.50 CORSETS, 65c. :
i ▼ The celebrated W. B. brand; an t
' ♦ odd lot, in sizes 18, 19, 20. 24, 25, 26, ♦
♦ 27, 28, 29, 30; come In black and ♦
♦ gray; worth up to SI 50; special 63c. ♦
1 1 50c CHILD'S APRONS, 25c. I
\ * Children's White Aprons; made of °
j lawns and checked nainsook, some °
7 plain with ruffles, and some em- I
i 7 broidery trimmed; special to close 7
I ♦ out 25c. f>
1 ■ 7 NEW STYLES *
; FLANNELETTE GOWNS, 75c. ;
! t SILK EMBROIDERED t
; : FLANNELETTE SKIRTS, 50c. :
1 i: Jacket if^) :
: Only f~f{ :
if d> 1 A /\/\ -j~ ¥ ♦
I ih IUI JU j&r4& I
 Ladies' Jack- §*~sl {i f '"si-^x^K ♦
jet, * et, double- M's fl'^*^*M%\
♦ breasted, fine iMjW^y.v^ ♦
, 1 Kersey cloth. \\ n Wj..«^v s®Ss«sA <►
1 seams in front =j ; : ;fft U^ ; \^\n^%M *
X overlaid straps' * ©s.'kk^i^^ *
♦ of same ma- i^sSbSf^Ss^f t l *^^ t
! I terlal; deep -i^lgKs^xS^x. /. ♦
i I storm collar: i^M^^^^^-;' •
\l six carved '^^^^^^ ♦
<► pearl buttons; t^fy&aßaßpmSSp^ ♦
I 4 come in tans, W\Sv^W7/.A. ♦
; ♦ browns, black Iw^^^N^N* ♦
; ♦ and navy blue. X^s^ > r ♦
♦ Price .. 910 X
i ■ . -~ :
X 16-18-20 GRANT AYE., 1
X Bet. Market and Geary. I
X ♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
+ ♦♦♦»♦♦»♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
Any Oculist
Will Tell
Ton we are careful and competent to fit becom-
Ing glasses without slip, tilt or waver with the
new clip; 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
Ing. Factory on premises. I'hcne, Main ID.
OPTIC iA Ns4 HCT >^A^. U ,
642 Market st. instrument*
■mat* c>icii!~: • "" . b ■ '■
ansi - Wi $% - uc -^
THE HOME REMEDY N S? n ,T?S
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS
wrong. For aii these pains, tfretalaritia and difllcultlM cc
r.medyon«»rth __ ft f) ; _ Eaiilyapplied by lady her-
eqna'i •_»:» fagoni^* WilO -KIP self. ReUeTen all pata
££j£B!S^ in Vomb or Orartes In 10 minutes.
faiZ£y*£i&3 Promrtlr rfliirvM H»a.iach».Na-jsea. Blood mil
BUd-fer'Tnublfs, F.intnMt.Xervousness, Fear
k *^Kß and Heipondrary. Cure* L*ucorrh«a,Wor.,,
EDt*^ K^ Complaints, an<. all remain Backache, R»r.ucs
M ws)ava^** Cneer9 the •Pint* and Vlt»Mzei» pTL 9 J
'«SsRg^— whoU frjtne. Snfe, Su« and \?ffXy
Aba«lut«l.r n arm leas. Ons 60 rut box will \ljjr
couplet* a ear* in ordinary oases.
STftP^ Al ! PAIM BOU> BT A ll DRITCGIBTS.
0 I m ALL I Al II jor mailed m plain wrapper on receipt
111 IU Hll*jUlCOiTh«»rt>«toCo.ruteiißldir. ChlfMto
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
TV. J. Bryan (two stores), Grant Drug Co., in
Oakland by Owl Drug Co
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
Wjh CUcJiC3t!i-»«. EnsUoi Dlusond Brssd. -
FChleltetter'i Kas!li!s IXesiond Brui
ennyroVajl pslls
V r*G£~7\. - Original and Only Genuine. A
Sjffi%\ •* rE - always reliablo. ladic*. Uk >s\.
GAS «^»t Druggist tor' CMchatera Bngl£*D!a.jß&
B*m?s&g&mond Brand In Ked md O-Ad a.eia!;icV«r
TJV — Ogj«sbox»i, aealcd with blue ribbon. T»Ue\S^
T*j l^L'Jno other. Refute d<iT*gero\.j3ubttitit> 4*T
•I / fr Mans and imitatit nt. A: I)rnj?i«i, or 4*.
I•" Jg ' Q ttarapa for p irticuUri, tcstiaonials ;ied
VV Mp " Urllof for La«lic«," <n w.ut, br retovs
•^ If Hall. JO,00»T»«lnoDi«ls. Hoar Taper.
_ H«Bar^
»M tT »11 Ucat Draggisu. PKILA.I>iiL l>j?
g^^DR. BALL'S KEINVIGOfiATOR
pjfa gj^ Five hundred reward for any
f^* case we cannot cure. This secret
1 j*-~1,. remedy stops all losses in 21
jtHM ! SA> hours, cures Kmissions, Imp';-
-?»T" Kin tency, Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea.
S3* S«r Gleet. Fits, Strictures, Lost
r^*SP^J^P' Manhood and all wasting effects
0 ■ — : — ' of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. 12 bottle; 3 bottles, {5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
frr sale at 1073& Market St.. S. F. All private
dibeates quickly cured. Send for free book.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON Slo.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, &0c to Jl 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates la »very
room; elevator runs all night.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
■trtßfth to sexual organs. Depot, 823 Market*
34
, + f^++ > ++ > + + + + >+++^+*M^^M~M^++++++++++<M ♦ ♦ ♦ »»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+'♦♦♦♦+♦♦■
DISPLAY | TO-MORROW'S OFFERINGS TORCHON LACES
TO-MORROW! ...ARE OF-... ' TORCHON LACES EN ln
IU UIUIIIIUIT i edgings and Inßertions,
OnCOl A I lIUTCDCOT fr ° m Ito 4 inches
111 I*l Bl I S f%l S 1 . J i V^ 1 wide, the yen- latest
[n NECKWEAR: : \ e J Ml l\ 3 l\l B M K< EH I patterns, worth 10c and
all the latest effects o I r 1 » I e*A E El¥li 111 X I »« yard. On sale at,
; 1 LjKJinu 111 1 Ljill-iU 1 y^
I Presented on great merit. We ask you to read the following 1
~—-Ci Items carefully, for every one is a bargain worthy of attention. "
i Extraordinary Values in High-Glass Black Crepon Dress Goods.
A inrpe shipment of ■ superior quality of BLACK CREPON TWO CHEAT LEADERS IN
NOVELTIES r.iis on sale, to-morrow at a saving , of about 25 per __ m <■ w-. »«• » tr^f" g~*,
cent. It represents a superb collection of the richest and most ex- ....ELA CX SILKS. ...
elusive styles In many tasteful designs made for this season. An »»«»*— "-" * » **jrMOm<M l y"
opportunity to purchase the highest standard of Quality at the fol- ON SALE. FOR MONDAY AND TUESDAY ONLY.
lowing low prices: . „ . ,_,„. 2600 yards 24-INCH BLACK FRENCH SATIN DUCHESSE
JgSS : ■■; R an P t^ S iaiest br r l a^ OQ nn" pure(i^"' rich luster an, soft, a superb nuaHty in
effects, regularly sold at $12 a suit. On sale to- A7l■lj [I I every respect and one that we feel safe in recommending ftp
morrow at a Bult W*»IWW ito you for wear, worth fully 51 25 a yard. Special at XhP
HIGHEST NOVELTY ENGLISH CREPONS. «i *» Art j .... Tard UJll
■\ery lustrous, in medium and large raised effects, vl •I ||y| ■ ""' •••-••••■■•-•
regularly sold ut $15 a suit. To-morrow's price i^J/|ljy 2000 yards 24-INCH BLACK SWISS TAFFETA SILK m Jf\ f .
Suit of a very fine lustrous finish, a quality most reliable, at / ||P
cS^SSS^«I?^KS^a^S qir the unu;uaiiy low offering of Yard luu
I kt^.^ ll ..:.^ t2o . a . s^-..^."1!.^ m0 413 iUU| Velvets! Velvets
EXTRA SPECIAL! FOR MONDAY ONLY. Will open Monday the largest stock in the LEADING FALL
Cl (\(\ Plnj~l rUm,'.^.* fn.~ CA- SHADES OF VELVETS AND VELVETEENS we have ever shown,
»Tsl.Uvl DIdCK VIieVIOL TOT JUC. and. having anticipated a bis demand for Velvets this coming sea-
» plec,. 46-TXCH BLACK CHEVIOT PriTINOP. .triot- I" ft ft son - we Placed very large advance orders O| nnH Itll PA
JO pieces 46-INCH BLACK CHEMOT SLITINOS, strict- Tfl ft ! previous- to the recent advance In price. PI nnfi V hM
ly all wool and rain-proof, the $1 quality. Special at -| I I: Two exceptional qualities will be placed Al flll If ,1 1  1, 1 \\
Yard UU on sale to-morrow at a yard VI UIIU ¥"WW
25c HOSE FOR 15c. 01 fIVC^ lHfi P^ irf ° r fil fIUFQ ' FALL UNDERWEAR.
r: :N dozen NX CHII^ ULUfCa $1.00 Gloves. ULUVLO Ladies' Swiss Ribbed
DREN'S FINE RIB- All-Wool VeFts. the
BED COTTON HOSE, Continuation of the sale of our recent enormous purrhase"at a gTeat dls- correct fall weight, long
extra quality, ill fin- count of genuine French Kid Gloves. The color* and sixes are still complete. sleeves, in white, gray,
Ished. guaranteed fast They are this season's latest and best styles, with 3 Clasp fasteners, fashion- black, pink and blue,
black. sizes 5 to .'. On able embroidered backs, and guaranteed perfect In every particular, regular a very fine soft Bar-
tele at, pair value $1 50 On salo at ment. On sale at, each
ISO. ...... Q5 C M ,* $1-25. •
New SHk Petticoats. Tempting Offerings in Domestics.
TO BE PLACED ON SALE TO-MORROW. so dozen HEMMED PILLOW CASES s!za 45x36 of a |fl*»
ARK BOUND TO ATTRACT EVERY ECONOMICAL BUYER. superior quality muslin. For Monday at lIP
For quality, style and workmanship our BILK PETTICOATS Each |UU
cannot be excelled. One special lot fust received will be to-mor-. TURKISH T* >V\'F : f <S
row's great leader. They are made of a reliable Taffeta A _ A _ ' unnlv " i^v»tuo.
Silk, in th- correct fall colors and black, with an 11- PC IjU 35 dozen BLEACHED TURKISH TOWELS, closely wo- ir m.
Inch corded flounce, extra lentnh and width, worth ,\n.,in I '■"'• a good absorbent kind, slue 21x43. Special at I**P
jS 50. On special sale a*. 7 EaotiWVIWW Each |UU
15 dozen LADIES' BLACK ALPACA WAISTS Cmade A A ■-_ j A BARGAIN IN COMFORTERS.
of a rich lustrous quality i. corded front and back. lined V* "I /C 1 FOR MONDAY AND TUESD\Y WE WILL
throughout, in all sizes, regular value $3 50. On pale A/, I{J SELL l?2.r»O COMFORTERS FOR $1.85.
at Each W I | 25 dozen EXTRA LARGE SIZE BED COMFORTERS, A .
Isilkoline covered in the prettiest designs filled with an PI Q C
Ladies' Wrappers for $1.45 Each. ]^.^^ M^^ a^ lr ..^±.. B^^. e k^ oliOD
IS d"zen LADIES' NEW TENNIS FLANNEL A.- ._ j 50 pieces GERMAN EIDERDOWN FLANNEL, the .— .
WRAPPERS, extra length and with a wide flounce B* I nII choicest fall patterns co well adapted for Ladles' Wrap- I'll a
BKirt in pretty <ie«igns. trimmed .th braid front and .^I.EXn . \"' * and Sacques. On sale, special at I 1 t\\
all Fir—. Special at Each Will YanilfczU
Latest HANDKERCHIEF SALE^J^lHto^o^ow.
A purchase of over 15,000 dozen Ladies' Handkerchiefs at a Bavins of at least 50 per cent, from the largest manufacturer In
Ireland; enables us to place before the public such remarkable values as will not soon be forgotten. As the assortment Is so
extensive, the limited space will permit us to quote only a few of the many rare bargains to be placed on sale.
'2 c each— F'-'O doz<»n Ladies' Hemstitched Handkerchiefs. Regular value Be each.
OHc each— K'fii dozen Ladles' Pure Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs. Regular value I2^c each.
* ; m- each— 600 dn7.»n Ladles' Sheer Lawn. Hand-embrordered, Initial Handkerchiefs. Regular value 15c each.
lOc each— Ga> dozen Ladies' Pure Linen, Hand-embroidered, Hemstitched Handkerchiefs. Regular value 16 2-3 c each.
1- <• each— lCW dozen Ladies' Lace and embroidered. Hemstitched and Drawn Effect Handkerchiefs. Regular value 20c each.
EXTRA SPECIAL. PRONOUNCED THE GREATEST VALUE EVER SEEN.
12V«C each— 2ooo dozen Ladies' Pure Linen, sheer quality. Hemstitched, Hand-embroidered. Initial Handkerchiefs. Regular value 2So
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
J^^^p MOIRE RIBBON In
i^^^^ newest shades, on
■ I
OPENING OF
THE CAMPAIGN
Republicans of lowa
Are Active.
■ • The Call.
WATERLOO, lowa, Oct. 7. -A
cmwd assembled to-day and lister
speech, s by S»-;:r\tor Julius C. Burrows of
•. ■. !i. B. 1 b .: ler
son of lowa. The meeting marked the
ii campaif
1599 ir. fowa. and the big teni in which it
was held was filled t-> its utmost capacity
b"th afternoon and evening. Senator
Burrows was the speaker in the after
noon and Congressman Henderson In the
1 Cenderaon said
irt :
"The Presidential battle of 1896 was
• almost exclusivelj money
tion. The happy n-:--'.;lt is felt to-day
In every home In the United States. The
uncertainties of the conflict of 1596 and
i!v> Democratic tarll 'alyzed the
business of this country. The uncertain
s to the standard "f value and the
basis fpr adjusting "f obligations tied up
capital, stopped business, closed mills,
made the engine haul empty cars over the
railroads and threw millions of laboring
men out of employment. To-day capital
is moving rapidly into •
trad.', commerce is expanding, the. rail
roads have not cars enough to do their
business, labor is everywhere blessed
with ernplo; meni and with remunerative
never before surpassed In the
world's hist ■: y We have passed from
na'ln>-ss in '96 to gladness in '99. The farm
to-day is blessed with remunerative
prices and the farmer is happpy. Why
this true? We were told in
y.U\ Bryan and his followers that Repub
lican succe : bring the reverse of
what is now true, that prices would g"
down, that reverses would sweep the
country .and the remedy suggested wus
piiver monometallism. In the present hap
py condition of affairs let not the cause
Iced by the voters In this cam
paign. Let not the discussion of trusts, in
tvhirh all ar<- substantially asrreeri, ob-
Kcure the mighty causes which restored
1 app] ■ ■ imp people. Let nut
The question of war or foreign policies
f'.lstrfict our minds from the great living
From
J. J. MEDER & ZOON,
SCHIEDAM, HOLLAND.
CHARLES MKINECKE ft CO.,
Ac*nU Peciflc Coast, 314 Bacrair.er.to Street
Ban Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
causes of a sound currency and of a
stable standard of value when it means
bo much to our common country. It is
evidently the plan of those conducting
the Democratic campaign to Ignore for
the time being the money question and
distract the attention of the people from
what is so vital to their happiness and
prosperity. But these tactics are but a
shield to cover the real purpose, which
is to secure the ultimate triumph of the
doctrine of sixteen to one in this country.
"I predict that a Republican Congress
will legislate at the approaching session
bo as to Increase the confidence of the
people, establish firmly the Bold standard
of the civilized world and let the people
know that all of their obligations will be
discharged on a safe and firm basis, mak
ing contracts to pay the laborer, to pay
the inner and to pay the pensioner, and
to pay for every product of this country,
stable only on a just and fair basis,
admitting of no doubt or uncertainty as
to the adjustment between man and man.
It will be seen, therefore, that while the
Democratic party is still trying to destroy
the money of the people the Republican
party is ever on the alert to protect it
and their sacred interests. My country
men, do you -want a change? Are you dis
satisfied with the management of affairs
under McKinley and Republican legisla
tion?
"Under our modern civilization and
throughout the world capital is helpless
without labor. Labor is helpless without
capital. It is the combination of capital
and labor which gives the great poten
i tial force which we are considering.
I Whatever legislation is passed should
keep both partners in the combination
steadily and firmly in view.
"There Is not a single foundation for
the statement that there is an alliance
between the United States and England.
The man who makes that charge is either
densely ignorant or willfully wicked.
There is absolutely no proof of such an
alliance and one has never been contem
i plated by the administration or any man
i in this country outside of an insane asy
| lum. This country needs no alliance- with
I England or with any other nation, nor
| have we any interests that can be ad
vanced by any such alliance. The United
States has hewn, can and will how. out
its own great and mighty destiny with
out an alliance with any other nation
upon earth. I hope and believe, that the
i citizens of the United States who hail
from Germany or from Ireland will in
every way rebuke this attempt to play
j upon their prejudices and to discredit
their intelligence.
"Why don't these gentlemen who com
plain about the Philippines also give
I vent to their indignation about our hold
ing Porto Rico and the Isle of Pines and
Guam? Does it require a rebellion to
point out a right or a duty? Ah, gentle
! men, who are pressing yourselves in the
, pathway of civilization, are you honest
I with us, with yourselves?- Do you know
I that Porto Rico Guam, the home of pi
-1 rates, and the Philippines each and all
of them will within a few years be like
j new worlds in the presence of the influ
ences of the United States and the civ
! ilization which is flowing Into each and
all of them? . .■ t '
"Nothing will prevent me or any Amer
ican citizen in the hereafter from listen
ing with open ears and glad hearts to the
appeal of those islands for the highest
form of liberty when their progress and
advancement indicate that they are ripe
for and capable of a larger liberty, and
until such time shall come, and that is
far in the future, the Philippine Islands,
being ours of right, must not be surren
dered to any earthly power. Do the pres
ent and growing interests of this republic
command us to run from these acquisi
tions which destiny has forced upon us?
j In my opinion the great market of the
I future for the United States will be Asia.
Already the quickening trade with that
region is manifest. Undoubtedly the Phil
ippine I3lande are a rich Held for trade
and are full of promise for the future
under the protection of i a government
which will protect life and the oppor
tunity for honest effort. v
"Under the American policy of protec
tion we are not only able, to feed and
| clothe and supply most of our own wants
but we are rapidly reaching a point in
our development when we must reach out
I more ana more to supply the wants of
other countries. Every thinker sees this
:to be our futnr« destiny. Our. welfare
points in that direction. Without violat
| Ijig the traditions of the fathers respon
sibilities are upon US, opportunities are
1 with us, and it only remains to be seen,
: whether we will fail our country in meet
ing these grand opportunities, when in
; doing so we will not only bless our own !
people but carry blessings into other
i lands. Let us not run from our clear
duty. Let us not run from the true in
terests of our people. Let us not run
from the higher command, which orders
I us to aid in the civilization and advance
| ment of other parts of the world, and
j above all let us not run from an un
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
friendly pun. Let us never for one mo
n.ent contemplate the disgrace of the
American republic by admitting that we
are Incapable with all cur vast, power of
eluding our civilisation to territories
blessed by the American flag-."
IRON AND STEEL
INDUSTRY BOOMING
Economic Conditions in Germany
Attracting a Good Deal of At
tention Just Now.
BERT.TX. r>, t. 7. -Economic conditions
in (Jermany arouse attention. The indus
trial boom continues, value* especially in
Industrial enterprises being in many cases
great i-.
The official Deutsche Bank, the Dres
dener Hank, the Disconto G-sellschaft
and other leading Institutions do not be
lieve there is any immediate cause to fear
a panic or a serious and extensive col
lapse, although then- appear to be indi
cations tending thai way. Snmit of the
leading papers more or less agrarian, how
ler, during the last few days have pub
lished alarmist articles. The boom is
most noticeable in iron and Hteel as the
demand is much greater than the* supply
The Industrial pres?. now advocates a
temporary suspension of the. duty on iron
and steel in order to obtain raw" material
In hngland and the United Btates as
cheaply as possible. This course is vio
lently opposed by the agrarian press but
the Industrial press insists that urne'ss it
Is followed thouands of workmen will
have to remain idle for months This is
particularly true, the Industrial orprans
We S fphalla^ ar<Jing l he COad mines ln
POISONED HER BABES
AND THEN HERSELF
Desperate Act of a Woman Who Was
Bespondent Over Domestic
Difficulties.
TITOMPSOXVILLp:, Mich., Oct. 7.-Mrs
Mattie Asldns last night pave her 0-year
old son and 12-year-old daughter morphine
and took cocaine herself. Her moans at
tracted the attention of "mployes of the
hotel where she was stopping. The woman
and the boy were resuscitated. The girl
died to-day. Mrs. Askins was despondent
over domestic troubles. She refused to
tell where she came from.
NAVAL OBSERVATORY.
Board of Visitors Makes Report to
the Secretary.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— The board of
visitors to the naval observatory has sub
mitted its report to the Secretary of the
Navy, rpqn the subject of greatest inter
est before ft, namely, the propriety of
transferring the observatory from naval
to civil control, the board concludes in
view of the diversity of opinion among
American astronomers as to whore the in
stitution c-ruld be best transferred, thai it
is Inexpedient to recommend any change
at the present time. They recommend a
permanent astronomical staff headed by
a director with a salary of 16000, seven
lesser astronomers and the necessary
force of computers and minor officers.
Minnesotnns at Portland.
PORTLAND. Oct. 7.— The Minnesota
\i'lunteers arrived here this afternoon in
three .sections of a special train. They
■■ i re met at the I'nion station by Mayor
Story, a large delegation of former resi
dents of Minnesota, representatives of the
Oregon Emergency Corps and a band of
ipusie.
The men were escorted to the armory
where luncheon was served. This evening
the troops were the guests of the Oregon
lii'tustrial Exposition. To-morrow morn-
Ihg the Minnesota men will continue their
Journey homeward over the Northern
Pacific.
Hotel Destroyed by Fire.
PEKIN, 111., Oct. 7. — Woodard Hotel, one
of the leading hostelries of this city, was
destroyed by fire early to-day. The hotel j
contained forty-five rooms, eleven of
which were occupied. The guests escaped '
in th-3ir night clothing:. Owing to the I
bravery of the night clerk, who went
through the three stories, which were
densely filled with smoke, all the guests j
were aroused . and left In safety. The i
bulldtn,? and contents were valued at $75 - >
000; insurance, 120,000.... --
REINDEER
EXPERIMENT
A SUCCESS
Observations of Dr. Sheldon
Jackson and Party in
Alaska.
Eduoational Agent Defends Himself
in Connection With the Recent
School Scandals.
BY HflL HOFFMAN.
JUNEAU, Alaska. Sept. 26.— R^v. Dr.
Sheldon Jackson, educational agent for
Alaska, arrived here on the revenue cut
ter Perry from Sltka. In company with
Governor Brady, United States Marshal
Shoup, United States District Attorney
I Robert A. Friedrieh of California and
other Alaska officers. Dr. Jackson has
Just returned from the reindeer expedition
tv Siberia in the revenue cutters Bear and
Thistle. He said this evening:
"We did not increase our own herds this
year by purchase. "We bought reindeer
to replace those borrowed last year and
which were so successfully used in going
t<> the rescue in the winter of 1537-9 X of the
whalers imprisoned In the ice off Point
Barrow. This Is also tin same occasion
on which Mr. John D. Spr^kels, proprie
tor of the San Francisco Call, gave such
a handsome sum of money in fitting out a
ship to go to the rescue of the whalers.
We bought over 7<'O in one place and over
300 in another, making over 1000 In all,
which we returned deer for deer. Some of
them • "h. If ttiere is a failure of
a reindeer exnedl'ion or purchase we are
always certain to hear of It, but if there
Is a slgniticant success very little Is said
about it. 1 cite the great work of the
n scue of the Point Harrow whalers,
where hundreds of these animals traveled
day after day for weeks and found their ;
own food by the way. Reindeer as fat as
butter have furnished Juicy steaks at i
Cape Nome. The Swedish Evangelical
Mission last winter used Ita herd in pack
ing merchandise, outfits, etc., around by
the shore from St Michael to Cape Nome
and cleared over {2000, 1 believe.
"The people— or a large part of them — are
skeptical of the reindeer in the Arctic
and lower latitudes of this country be
cause they don't know the facts. After a
while will com.- the awakening. They
laugh at me now; it will then be my turn
to laugh, if I want to. But I am pleased
now— pleased with the reindeer experi
ment, so culled, for it Is a success.
"The United States Government lias had
men all over Alaska since 1892— for nearly
eight vcars- looking into the matter nf
reindeer moss. It is found almost every
where in the interior of Alaska and in
some places on the coast. Why, I saw
some growing in the military yard at
Dyea when 1 was there last year. The
caribou is nothing but a wild reindeer.
!!•• iiv^s on the same vegetable matter
that the reindeer does. Everybody knows
that great herds of caribou roam the in
terior of Alaska, ami they manage to live
and grow fat in winter, don't they.'"
l>r. Jackson says he had nothing to do
with the Pyramid Harbor failure. lie
bought the reindeer in the old country
■md lurried them over to the Government,
which put an army officer In char::.- of
them. Delays at Seattle and Haines .Mis
si..!! exhausted tli" food pimply, he found,
when sent out by the Government to see
what the trouble was. He knew that
from the head of the Klahena River there
was moss and proved it, he says, by get
ting a number of the poor beasts through
to the Yukon fat and in fine condition.
When the subject of the hot report of
the last United States Grand Jury <>n the
Educational Agent of Alaska, which
caused so much of a stir all over the
country last June, was brought up. Dr.
Jackson never batted an eye. He expect
ed it. Said he:
"I have not been able to get hold of a
copy of the Grand Jury's report. All I
know :il. out it is th-^ few excerpts I have
read in newspapers and what friends have
told me since I returned. I have done
more in one day— every day— for the cause
of education in Alaska than all the mem
bers of the Grand Jury have ever done.
The Government annual appropriation of
$30,600 has been expended judiciously ac
cording to our best Judgment. It is dlvid
•\\ .ri the tow;? in proportion to
their s'.7.'\ I am charged with neglecting
education of white children in the In
terest of the natives."
r.ank clearings at English cities during
the third week of August generally In
creased over 1898, the gain at Liverpool
1 Ing o4 per cent and at Manchester ISM
per cent.
Why Hudyan Cures
NERVOUSJXHAUSTION.
Read It, Men and Women!
ty -'• .-»— A case of nervous exhaustion
(V^. j *•*" — v Av.'\ *»■ ■ ■•■■■ .y - , M shows some of the symptoms of
U 1/ f'w^v ~~*y y^_^_- -==•! every distinct nervous disorder,
\\ N^wf y^^^^lK^-^ I I and tfin lp ads to most serious
W \JR^\ \ > *sAb^ .-/ cv "- This is not surprising, be-
\\ \ '^V fit- J^T^-S^^i cause the entire nervous sys-
\\ —^\ j ' \v Jv *<yC -*3E:-I tern is involved. In such cases
\\ l^\/^\ '4 I there Is persistent enfeeblement
\\ j \^|Ss^^^y^ I ot neural energy (lack of nerve
\\ \s~\ sBSSSBm. I^^^ force). This lack of energy
\ \~\ I( C 1 MwWliM&biL. Ti(s^M^=i makes a tremendous difference
r^\l "iH>^-ffßKnlk t«M' r ? In olle ' s lif "- for the nerves reg-
y- '. ~}LaLaSmß^^Ußr\. «■» =| u 'ate everything that goes on In
TS SWK iiw A W~ I one's body, and when they are
\\m&Jits>^ !«S^r^^a. \\ l / Poorly nourished things go
\W*<fcsrL WwJ&s&&\fL-» I wrong. Many people have this
11 ls^^ <^-^M^^ffi«K 4uSB J trouble, many have had it and
: \ ips^S^^^F jfimW&MßKn^ many will have it. a prominent
l^^^^£*"lsHlEsti Sleeplessness is a prominent
r^^^fflHia l*ii7S« «^7 Bymptoin of nervous exhaustion,
r^oss^i?>ssi'^^ ! ?P^l«i 1 * an<l when we aOcl to it depres-
l\^^^imSBsi!»Bi»H, 11 slon of spirits, awful forebod-
*k^s \V^/ //Mb^^BSSSSSwWS ation headaches (Fig. (frig. 6),
*V> uW yMifeM^*SM > ation and paleness (Fig. 6),
tf~\ '^W- 'Ws9BHHHHI/])| coated tongue (Fig. 4), palpi
#M r =\y^^VPS^^M^B»/Jll li0!1 of lh « heart (Fig. 3), dis-
O •> Hfef^tf ordered digrstion (Fig 1). mac,-
, '*' JsttWs?v \gs3~' fi&& llvc Ilvcr li '"' i S- 2), general weak-
m VB&fc* n '' PS ( F| S- 7 >. ti)( ' 11 ll Person's
/ /.cSfaeST state is well nigh intolerable.
"<sgggs ;? li^l ' //^="~ Th « feeling of lassitude Is asso-
\f' \i '■ i 1 1 elated with the restlessness of
/\\ | I / the captive Polar bear, without
*> \\ "7 • Mm I the strength or energy to pace,
, \\ V^* <Ji 7 I however. Other symptoms of
\\ SL - / m* / nervous exhaustion are pains in
\\ d^^^^'r back, shifting aches, sudden
\\ p 'Zf-L ? Hushes and hot flashes, some-
ll W |^ 7 times followed by chilly sensa-
\\ f I? / HUDYAN corrects one and all
II I* . / the above distressful symptoms,
\\ If because HUDYAN provides the
\\ I / much needed nerve force. HUD-
W^w.^r 1 *- / -. VAX not only affords relief, but
\\ -—I I it restores the nerves and nerve
"^fc. \\ k**- "x centers to their normal, (natural)
condition: in other words, cures
permanently. Men and women
y%£ *^m4r . who take HUDYAN become ro-
HUDYAN-50c. ALL DKUGGISTS. bust, strong, active, energetic.
HUDYAN produces rosy cheeks
.clear skins, bright eyes: In fact, the glow of perfect health. HUDYAN cures
. all nervous. conditions.
fl|"T lIHfWIAI from your druggist, 50c a package, six packages
lih I HllTAnl f°r $250. If your druggist does not keep it, send
WB-I HUU.I rt IV. direct to HUDYAN REMEDY CO., cor. Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market sts., San. Francisco, Cal.
Men-Women — Consult Hudyan Doctors about your
case free of. charge. Call or write.
SOME DISCORD
IS AHEAD FOR
THE ADMIRAL
Dewey and Crowninshield
Do Not Speak as They
Pass By.
Head of the Bureau of Navigation of
the Navy Department Not For
given by Hero of Manila Bay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, -WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.-
Conjecture as to Admiral Dewey's future
seems popular just now. Some of those
who have been most eager, to define it for
him have already created a new office and
have appointed him to the position of offi
cial counselor to ', the Secretary of the
Navy. Nothing of this sort has even been
considered by the Navy Department. But
those who know Dewey doubt very much
if he will consent to accept any duty
which will put him in the position of the
administration's advisory counsel on na
val matters.
It is understood in naval circles that
Dewey may not find official connection
with the department altogether pleasant
Just at this time. ! If he is to be in the
department at all he will, of course, be
referred to above all others. But this
will be far from agreeable to Admiral
Crowninshield, head of the Bureau of
Navigation, who ever since the beginning
of the present administration has been a
power in the department, subject only to
the supervision of the Secretary. Any
change in present conditions would be dis
tasteful to P him. He would chafe under
the restraint if another officer were to
enter the department and assume some of
the duties which he has been accustomed
to exercise. Dewey's supremacy in par
ticular, would be apt to lead up to un
pleasant results, for Crowninshield is one
of the few officers in the navy not person
ally on friendly terms » when
Crowninshield was overridden jnen
Dewey was sent to command the Asiatic
s£sr «.■?«, ft ssSsSe
day to this the two men have had no re
lations. After the battle or Manila
Crow^nshield sent Dewey an effusive let
ter of 'congratulation. Dewey ignored t.
There have been other efforts at reconcili
ation on crowninshield's part but .Dewey
has paid no attention to them, The two
men will probably never come together in
a friendly way, for Dewey Is one who
?W p 0 r O sors 0r o g f 1 Dewey in the office
of admiral of the navy experienced no
trouble with the Bureau of Navigation.
While Farragut was admiral the chiefs
of the Bureau of Navigation were Rear
Admiral T. A. Jenkins, from August 1565
until April. 1869, who was succeeded by
Rear Admiral James Alden The latter
was the personal friend of President
Grant and Secretary Robeson of the navy,
and while there was no love lost between
Alden and Farragut the former did not in
any manner interfere with the admiral.
The petty annoyances to which he was
subjected came from Vice Admiral Por
ter who for some time was the de facto
Secretary of the Navy. Porter became
admiral on the death of Farragut on Au
gust 10 ISTO. The Bureau of Navigation
was for a number of years a power for
good or evil in the hands of its chief, for
the assignment of officers afloat or ashore
was the principal function of that bureau,
but the Bureau of Yards and Docks had
in reality more power, as its chief be
came Secretary pro tern, during the ab
sence of the civil head of the navy. The
powers Of the two bureaus mentioned
have however, been greatly curtailed
since' a civilian Assistant Secretary has
been appointed, and with the introduc
tion of a civil engineer as chief of the
1 Bureau of Yards and Docks this branch
of the Navy Department has lost Its for
! mer prestige and power.
In the absence of the Secretary and the
■ Assistant Secretary the chief of the Bu
reau of Navigation succeeded to a tem
i porary regency, which, however, is al
ways brief, and the orders emanating
from its chief are subject to approval of
the higher civilian heads. It is no longer
the terror to officers it was under Alden,
Arnmcn and Walker, and no chief of that
bureau, however envious he might be of
the admiral, has it in his power to make
It disagreeable lor that distinguished of
ficer. The duties (if the latter will be such
as he may be assigned to directly by the
Secretary of the Navy; the admiral is the
1 first of the naval officers on the list, and
he is preceded only by the civil heads of
i the navy. It is not likely that Dewey will
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
DO YOU GEfir
WITH A LAME BACK ?
Do You Have Rheumatism ?
Are You Sleepless, Irritable, All Run Down ?
Kidney Trouble Makes You Miserable.
SWAMP-ROOT is the Great Remedy for Kidney.
Bladder and Uric flcid Troubles. To Prove
for Yourself Its Wonderful Merits, You May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Mail.
You are in no danger of being sick if
you keep your kidneys well.
They filter your blood and keep it
pure and free from disease-breeding
germs.
Your other organs may need care, but
your kidneys most, because they do
most.
If you are sick, begin with your kid-
neys, because as soon as they are well
they will help all the other organs to
health.
The treatment of some diseases may
be delayed without danger, not so with
kidney disease.
Swamp- Root is the great medical tri-
umph of the nineteenth century; dis-
covered after years of untiring effort
and research by the eminent kidney
and bladder specialist, Dr. Kilmer, and
has truly wonderful healing action on
the kidneys and bladder.
It will be found by both men and
women just what is needed in all cases
of kidney and bladder disorders, lame
back, dull pain or ache in the back,
gravel, catarrh of the bladder, rheu-
matism, sciatica, neuralgia, uric acid
troubles and Brighfs disease, which is
the worst form of neglected kidney
trouble.
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed In a glass or bottle for
twenty-four hours forms a pediment or
experience any difficulty with either Long
or Allen; they are apparently in thorough
! sympathy and accord; and there is no ;
likelihood of a repetition of Porters de
feat in his engagement with the Irascible \
Secretary Chandler. Admiral Porter al- j
•ways chafed under the restraint imposed
by tli' presence in the navy <>f a civilian
as Secretary. His recommendations re- j
ceived but 'scant attention and he was t
I frequently snubbed. Porter had offices In
the same buiUUnp. hut some distance :
I away from those of the Secretary of the
! Navy, and the latter, with a retlnement of
| cruelty, determined to put Porter in a
I position where he would be made to real- I
lse that a civilian ruled the navy. One
nvirTiinK when Porter came into his ofHee
he found a workman busy putting in an !
electric wire and other accessories to a
telegraph call from the Secretary's office. ;
Porter was disgusted and swore that he
wa« no lob-lolly boy nor lackey, and that
the Secretary might ring- and be blowed,
but that he would not stir in obeilience to
! a summons of that kind. In due time the
! call bell was in working order and soon ,
' after its ting-a-ling indicated that the :
■ Secretary desired Admiral Porter to come
! to his office. The old salt scowled at the
i offending bell, made some irrelevant re-
I marks unfit for publication and— hurried I
as fa.st as he could to Secretary Chand- j
ler"s office. It was hard but necessary
treatment, and there is not the remotest j
j cause of apprehending a similar incident j
to be possible with such men as Long,
Allen and Dewey, and the otherg don't
count. __ - __^_______
WAS ACCESSORY TO
CRIME OF MURDER
James Clarke, a Prominent Attorney
of Hutchinson, Kans., Is Convict- j
ed After a Short Trial.
CHICAGO, Ot. 7.— A special to the j
Chronicle from Hutchinson, Kans., says: j
James Clarke, a prominent attorney, was i
convicted here last night, after a five
weeks' trial, ot" being an accessory to the
murder of W. C, Hoy.l a year apo last
way. Harry Postlethwalte committed the j
murder because he objected to Boyd'fl at
tentions to his mother. When arrested he j
swore that Clarke, who was his attorney, ;
advised the murder and furnished the I
weapon. CUrke was convicted <>n this
testimony several weeks ago, but the Su- !
I preme Court reversed the case on the j
I ground that Postlethwalte, who was a i
convict, was incompetent to testify. In i
the trial which ended last nipht convic- |
tion was secured by the testimony of Pos- '
tlethwaite's brother and mother.
MERCHANTS DEFRAUDED.
Worthless Checks in Circulation in
Visalia.
VI9AL.IA, Oct. 7.— Some commotion has
been occasioned In this city by the circu
lation of fraudulent checks. The checks
are drawn by the Consolidated Union Oil
Company of Coalingra cm the Bank of Cal
ifornia In San Francisco. The checks were
left for collection with the Bank of Yisa
lia. The Bank of California wires that
the T'nion Oil Company is a fictitious in
stitution. Two checks, for $24 and $30, r-
sjitctively, were cashed by Vlsalia mer
chants.
Oil Land Sold.
BAKERSFIEI.D. Oct. 7.— To-day a de^F
was recorded showing the sale and trans !
fer by John A. Bunting of San Franclscri
settling or has a cloudy appearance. It
is evidence thai your kidneys and blad-
der need immediate attention.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root corrects
Inability to hold water and promptly
overcomes that unpleasant necessity of
being compelled to go often during the
day and to get up many times during
the night.
This prompt, mild and wonderful
remedy is easy to get at the drugstores,
in fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles. Make
a note of the name, SWAMP-ROOT,
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and remem-
ber that it is prepared only by Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
Swamp- Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless, too poor
to purchase relief, and has proved so
successful in every case that a special
arrangement has been made by which
all readers of The Call, who have not
already tried it, may have a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by mall.
Also a book telling more about Swamp-
Root and containing some of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women
•who owe their good health, in fact their
very lives to the wonderful curative
properties of Swamp-Root.
The great kidney remedy, Swamp-
Root, is so remarkably successful that
our readers are advised to write for a
free sample bottle, and to kindly men-
tion the San Francisco Sunday Call
when sending your address to Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
to John M. Wright of the same place of a
quarter section of land in the Kern River
oil district for $10,000. Legs than six
months ago the land could have been
purchased for $2 50 an acre. A deed was
also recorded showing a $40,000 mining deal
in the Randsburg district. The sale was
made by a Los Angeles company to Tele
fair Creighton of the same city.
An Heiress Missing.
BERLIN. Oct. 7.— United States Consul
Genernl Mason has thus far sought in.
vain for Johanna Schwartz, for whom h«
has 21,000 marks as the heir of har Amer
ican uncle, recently deceased. No on« has
as yet claimed the money.
Hatmakers Combine.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— lt 1b announced
that the United Hatmakers of America
has been merged Into the United Hatter*
>f America, which union now controls th«
svorkmen in the trade.
Dependable, Dm
Country
Customers
Pay the same prices by mail as cus-
tomers visiting the store personally.
Five dollar orders, or over, shipped
free to railroad points within 100 miles
of cur stores.
Fresh goods ; promptly shipped.
Steady prices for all time,
Sczodont 2^
Syrup of Figs «
/.nita Gream
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Abbey's Salts 20c, 40c, 8 5 c
Cascarets loc , 2OC 4 > c
Castona -ec
Pond's Extract 4 £c
Hood's Sarsaparilla " 75C
Ayer's Sarsaparilla 7 t c
Carter's Little Liver Pills 15c
Pierces Discovery 7 \ c
Pierces Prescription 7 l c
Pinkham's Compound 75c
%hV|S Jk?^* T^ DR y cGls^v
JLJSgC- 1128 MARKET ST.,
— ■— — " San Francisco
10th and BROADWAY,APATHY AT THE
BERLIN CONGRESS
American Geographers
Are Criticized.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Oct. 7.— Public opinion has
been much more deeply engrossed this
week In following the proceedings of the
International Geographical Congress and
the sensational developments of the trial
of the persona accused of gambling at the
Club dor Harinlosen than with the Trans
vaal situation, although South African
affairs are being followed by keen solici
tude by the Government and political
men. There was considerable comment
among the delegates to the Congress, as
welJ as on the part of the public, during
the sittings regarding the relatively un
important share taken by the United
States. While the whole body of dele
gates numbered some 1300, those from the
United States were fewer than a dozen,
of whom General Greely, though repre
senting the United States Government,
did not present a paper and took only an
Insignificant part in the transactions.
Major H. X. Alien, attache of the United
biates Embassy, who was an official dele
gate, was too busy In making his prep
arations to return home to devote himself
to tile business of the congress.
Arthur C. Jackson, the explorer, and
Professor Ross, of New York did not put
in an appearance, while Marcus Bauer
only appeared at the last moment. Pro
fessor Davis of Harvard University was
obliged to leave in the very miast of the
proceedings. With the exception of the
paper of Mrs. Zelia Nuttal, which was
presented in the choicest German, and
that of Poultney Bigelow on "Colonial
Administration," which contained some
startling assertions, there was no strik
ing American feature throughout the sit
ting.
It Is largely due to this that the next
congress will not meet In Washington, as
Proressor Bryant of Philadelphia pro
posed. His suggestion was not backed up
•with any vigor nor by the requisite num
ber of delegates. Among its supporters
the Americans, half of whom were women,
•were quite lost. Several members criti
cized the fact that the United States did
not present a report of the doings of the
Hydrographic Omce, especially regarding
Its unrivaled polar charts, which are the
best of their kind in the world, and about
■which the congress had been anxious to
hear. The expectation was that a detailed
report on this subject would be the feat
ure of the American share in the proceed
ings. The Americans, however, partici
pated fully In the social attentions shown
the congress.
The sensational trial of the Club der
Harmlosen has stirred, fashionable and
sporting circles to the very depths.
A peculiar feature of the case Is that
come of the witnesses belong to the im
mediate entourage of Emperor William.
Moreover, officers of garrisons all over
the empire and many who belong to the
guard regiments are implicated, as well
as experts on the correct way of playing
baccarat, and men of the highest fashion,
like Count yon Henventlow of the Union
Club.
There was considerable difficulty in get
ting the experts to appear. One of the
most notorious gambling houses in Ber
lin, when asked to furnish experts, re
plied that this was impossible, as its
members were not allowed to gamble.
Many important witnesses were absent.
Some excused themselves on the ground
that they had gone bear hunting in Nor
way or were about starting for Africa for
a > ear, or had sudden illness. Others, like
Lieutenant yon Schrader, committed sui
cide, or like Count yon Stosh and Baron
yon Nelmps fled to the United States. Two
prominent men of the club. Count Eglof
stein and Count yon Kusserow, ar« ac
cused of defalcations.
Wolff, the founder of the club, has n-.n«
to parts unknown. It was proved that
he had been convicted of theft and had
served a term in prison, although most of
the witness asserted that he was a man
of excellent demeanor and perfect man
ners, whence his nickname "Gentleman
Wolff." Count Flatten, although his evi
dence would have been of the most im- !
portant character, was excused from tes- !
tifying. General yon Kroech, father of
one of the defendants, the commander of
an my corps and an intimate adviser
of Emperor William, refused to appear.
His sun admitted that he had been guilty
of fleecing-.
In well informed army circles it is as- '
serted that Emperor William not only
wants the matter thoroughly sifted but
Intends that the trial shall be followed by !
an extensive weeding out of gamblers and j
otherwise undesirable officers. It is as
serted that there are 270 of this stripe
quartered In sixteen garrisons who will
come within the category of offenders.
RAILROAD'S DEMURRER
IS OVERRULED
Action in the Suit of the Merchants'
Trust Company Against the
Missouri-Kansas.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Judge Townsend
of the Unit* States Circuit Court of the
Southern District of New York, in an
opinion handed down to-day, overruled
the demurrer entered by the defendants
In the suit brought by * the Merchants'
Trust Company against the Missouri,
Kansas and Texas P.ailroad Company,
growing out of a mortgage made to the
former assistant true In l«90 to secure
an Issue of bonds aggregating $20,000,0<jj.
The defendant company :;led pleas that
for the six months an accounting was
asked the property was in the hands of
receivers appointed on petition of the
trust company as trustee In a former ac
tion brought on a prior mortgage; that
the receivers accounted for all of he in
come of the road during that period, and
that accounts "had been accepted and ap
proved by the court with the assent of
the complainant corporation. The trust
company filed amendments to its bill and
In response to the latter the Missouri.
Kansas and Texas Railroad Company en
tered a demurrer which Judge Townsend
refused to sustain.
Debt of Central Pacific.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— The Central
Pacific Railway Company has deposited In
the United States Treasury $47,000,000 in
4 per crnt gold bonds to etcure the Gov
ernment that amount of i otes due the
mment on the purchase of th"6 road
lnst January. Thi.= is in pursuance of the
contract made at that time.
JRAPE-NTJTS.
sanrnrfirnnrr * wirrw nrmts
I Nerve I
| Centers 1
£ \ 3
£= Rebuilt by \
| Grape-Nuts i
£ TilE FAMOUS FOO .\ 3
f JUittiUJUJiR
A FOOD FACT.
The food Grape-Nuts positively dies !
furnish the necessary elements to re- !
build the brain and nerve colters.
Analysis will show it; food ir.ak- rs
know it is true; and the everyday u^er
of Grape-Nuts can take his oath that
while he may not be an expert EO id
maker, or an analytical chemist! he
"knows enough to know" whom his
body la weli nourished, and the seal of
his reason active, forcible and in jer-
f--. t poise.
Qr&pe-NutS are as truly the mlin
stay of the brain and the nervctis
system, as a pood stomach is the mJii
stay of a healthy body. Let the "11-
-tlo lamp of reason shine forth" whii
you make selections of food. All
flrst-Clasa grocers sell Grape-Nuti ;
and the Postum Cereal Co. Ltd. makl
them at their Battle Creek factories. \\
MASCAREL LEFT
TWO FAMILIES
Contest Promised Over
His Estate.
Special I>l«p»tch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7.— By the death
of the old-timer, Jose Mascarel, once
Mayor, and for two terms a member of
the City Council of this place when it
was still a struggling adobe pueblo, the
courts again will be called upon to settle
the vexed question of plural marriages,
rights of heirs who may or may not
rightly have called him father, and to
accord the peal of wifehood to some wo
man who row does not s^em to bear it.
As is usual in BUch rases the male actor
in the domestic drama left a large for
tune. When the value of the estate of
the house of Mascarel is established it
will bo found to run toward one million,
and of this amount one hundred thous-ana
is in cash in tho I. W. Hellman banking
house, known as the Farmers' and Mer
chants' Bank.
i.'arel hailed from the south ot
France, and as a sailor drifted into this
.-<» tlon fifty years ago, never quitting the
old home for a day. Mascarel invested in
rcaJ estate and cattle, bought, trafficked
and sold, became wealthy and figured as
an active stockholder in the Hellman
bank. He married in this country and his
known heirs are a wife and three children
by a former marriage and a flock 01
bairns estimated at a baker's dozen. All
of these reside in Los Angeles.
Added to this record Is the link in the
Mascarel chain that Is found in the south
of France in the form of a wife and chil
dren whom he left to find a new home in
the new world.
The dead ex-Mayor will bo burled on
Monday, the ceremonies being held in the
at Plaza Church, but even now, aa
these facts have been known for a score
of years, lawyers are preparing the pa
pers that shall divide the remnants of a
me among heirs if possible and surely
among themselves.
STIRRED UP A NEST
OF RATTLESNAKES
Workman at Schuetzen Park Has a
Lively Battle and Narrowly
Escapes Being Bitten.
PAN RAFAEL, Oct. 7.— While four
workmen were engaged in digging a
trench for the new gravity outfall sewer
system near Schuetzen Park to-day they
invaded a nest of rattlesnakes and in a
twinkling had seven of the poisonous rep
tiles crawling and hissing around their
feet. Three of the men fled, leaving
"Jack" Smith behind, who seised a shovel
and started in to kill the snakes.
Though he managed to exterminate
them all. Smith narrowly escaped being
n by one huge specimen, which
struck at him twice, on one occasion fas-
S its fangs in his rubber boots. This
the last killed, had eighteen rat
tles, and was nearly four feet long. The
oldest settlers here state that this is the
first instance in which they ever heard
of a rattlesnake inhabiting the marsh re
gion around San Rafael.
PROPERTY-OWNERS MUST PAY.
Decision on Marysville Street
Sprinkling Cases,
MABTSVTLL.E, Oct. 7.— ln May last the
City Council adopted an ordinance pro
viding for the sprinkling of certain streets
and arranging for the payment or the ex
pense of the work by residents whose
property abutts on the several streets.
Two of the four Aldermen voted against
the measure and the Mayor cast the de
ciding vote in favor of it.- adoption.
(in :he ground that the .Mayor dkl not
have the right to c:ist the deciding vote
many declared that the ordinance was
Illegally enacted. To test the matter, !
Thomas Doueall, a well-known citizen.
allowed his name to be used as defendant j
in a <^a«e brought by the city to collect I
the sprinkling bill. In the Superior Court i
afternoon Judge Davis rendered an ;
>n in the matter which Is in favor
of the city. Ho holds that the Mayor
is empowered to cast the deciding vote
in case of a tie as he Is presiding officer
ot ti e body.
TO CARRY THE THIRTY-NINTH.
Lively Competition Bet-ween Trans
portation Companies.
OMAHA, Oct. 7.— Competing railroad
lines to the coast ar* fighting for the con
tract to haul the Thirty-ninth Infantry
Regiment, recruited here, to Vancouver
Barracks. It is understood the regiment
will start next week.
One of the officers of this* regiment is
Major Mulford, former colonel of the
First Nebraska regiment, which returned
from the Philippines recently. To -lay his
wife, Anna Belle Pope Mulford. riled a
suit for divorce, alleging neglect and
*ruelty. They were married in Washing
ton. D. C, where the lady now reside*.
The Omaha boys who came back with
the regiment assert that a handsome
cvoman appeared at the Presidio when the
regiment was outward bound and also
when it returned. She displayed a marked
infatuation for Mulford. which caused
-niiel-i cnminpnt.
WORK OF FOREST FIRES.
Much Valuable Timber and Quanti
ties of Cord Wood Destroyed.
PA NT A CRUZ, Oct. 7.— Dense volumes
if smoke caused by forest firps wore h»cn
from this city to-day. The fire four miles
from Ben Lomond, which fcwept over
Smith's, Osborne's and the I X L. Limo
Company's places is now under control.
ordwood and one cabin
iv. r ,. destroyed. Four miles from Boulder
anothf-r fire burned several hun-
Ired cords of wood. The fire at the head
waters of Pescad.ro Crock Is reported to
destroyed Carmlcha<M & Hubbard s
Bill. The men who w<*re fighting the
! r on Two Bar Creek were hastily sum
mo".<-d to pave the mill, but evidently
were unable to do anything, as the fire
scot beyond control.
FOREST IN FLAMES.
Pasturng-e Destroyed and the Santa
Ynez Range Threatened.
SANTA P.ARBARA, Oct. 7.— A forest
fire is raging In the Santa Ynez range
ba< k of this city at a distance of ten
The Los Olivos and Santa Barbara
late this evening and reports
b great deal of difficulty in getting by tho
A lißTit brf-ezp. is blowing and the
Indications are that the tvhole range is
in danger. Many thousand p.'tp.s of moun
tain pastures have b< troyed. Thp
lire v. ill cause much suffering to stock
on account of the scarcitj- of pasture.
SANTA FE OFFICIAL DEAD.
John L. "Whiteliead, Controller of
tlie System, Passes Away.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— John L. White
head, controller of the Atchison, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railroad, died to-day in this
city, aged C 2 year a.
Burned to Death
BEDDING, Oct. ".--An Indian woman
met with a fearful death about twenty
five miles west of here several days ag-o.
News of the fatality has just reached
here. The woman has lived for years
with a Portuguese named Freltas. A for
est fire threatened their cabin. The wo
man took a hand In lighting the flames.
Her dress caught fire. With rare pres
ence of mind she ran to the creek and
jumped in. The fire In her clothing was
extinguished, but relief came too late.
The woman died in great agony five hums
later.
Died in Undertaker's Parlors.
PASADENA, Oct. <.— Benjamin Wheo- I
lock, a young Seattle dentist, died in an
undertaking establishment this morning.
Wheelock came here for relief from con
sumption and had a hemorrhage in front
of Reynolds & Van Nuys' parlors. He
was carried inside and died a few mm
vies laier.
Dewey Chooses a Secretary.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— Admiral Dewey j
hap ohosen J. W. Crawford as his official
secretary. Mr. Crawford is an employe
In the office of the Judje Advocate Gen
eral of the navy. He will hold the rank
of lieutenant in the navy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
I Big Shoe sssaa^
* Values, these. \ff] i
gi, Our line of women's and jM Ik
fr children's -hoes are not dtum \y
& exce lei at the prices U^K\ A 4
fr on th coast. Oar sp;- AsTiNr/ '
fr cia line of ladies' V.ci £*[ \\^J
TKi *, Lace and Butt J&h^jjjC?
» Shoes.kidorcloth- /^ /\
Q, tops new, up-, >>& ~<^
,* to-date toes, pi , ssS * ! *^
$ ent leather tips
* vary Ftyiish and serviceable, are an ex-
& traordinary good va ue at the price — n r
* pair i $2.48
J Children's Dongola Kid,
& I^T"~J£) Lace and Button Snoes,
* \\^]tl new opera to- patent
£. \ leather tips, a strong and
* j J$L- serviceable shoe for every
* / £I&ffii wear and good enough
' » /V I* Vi2\ or Sunday —
■ f I^Nl YtL^ sizes 8« to 11
fr \i--V J^V^ Si'Oo
5 , TTW sizes 11., to 2
& $1.25
I
& Bed B'eaoH«d sheets, male
* SLfoac*4c* especially for hard
» &l9eefS. service, marked at con-
side .b y u-s ; than th material is wo th
£ to- ay — the Emporium ex ra finish br-md.
* Size 6^x9o inches ea-h - 4So
I Sze 72x90 inch's each tOo
T Siz 81x90 inches each „ 550
ft Siz ■ 9^x9o inches each 600
fr
' t Blanket Two Tery B p« cial o d
I VaIUQS. whitfb!ankStB.- good
| VaIUSS. whit bankets.
£ Fine while Australian wo 1 d a-»ket-«, deep
fr siik ribbon bind! g, ?i2« 72x80 : n res.
* per pair- r ipB*73
j£ Good whi ewa m blankets, a most !
i woo 1 , excel ent for wear, size 72x84
-J inches, s}^ iba. weight, per p^ir
5 „ ~ $3.00
It ~~^ •
* Spreads and spi end d
» Comforters. «"'?."";
A satin ; ni.-h, new patterns, siz? 84x90
£ inches, each $1.75
► Fine grade of Comforters, silko me coy-
* ered, sheet cotton filing, nat and
* dainty co orings, hind tuft d, each
L 92.00
*
5 Miscellaneous A variety
* Bomestacsm Fan kooi^I"
i uomestics. f^.i goods re -
■ ,- y c d y received.
& Cambric Bureau Scarfs,
5» Iri-h p lir.t effect, li.eiy design -1. lit
j * 20xC4 inch p. each s lie
\ ♦ Plain Linen, round thread evenly
j^ wov n, 86 inches wide, a m'liura
? weight, sui ab e or squares and ba -
|'? tenbevg centers, just received fr m
|^ Be fast, per yari 500 and ?5o
r« Linen Lawn, vervhr-e line 0 fi..e
fr lin-n la . ns, 36 inches wide, in sheer and
ft medium texture*, per rard
» SQo to $1.50
* Table Damask, bleached Irish
? in n, gi d quaiiU lor general u^es,
per va»d bSo
6 Nankins — Irish hen Ni:>kin% 22
- inches equ ire, pretty patterns, in a
a, quality warranted to j,iva good sorvi>»,
per dozen $'75
,". Pillow Gases -Pi ow ca«^4sxB6
ig. invh good quality of bleach dco ton,
* each 10 C
& ■ ___
' * Newe~ t Thes? are the seven
* B9r***lras eWeB *" books, all 7
jt, B3OG£€&* popuar authors, that
fr have a rived within the last w?ek :
* Publishers' Our
& Price. Pries.
€► "King's MiTor," by An-
* hony Ho>e $1.50 $1.15
* 'Stalky & C " Kipling's
* new b ok, received last
J Friday.- „ 1.50 1.12
£, "Jani<e Meredith," by Paul
.-> Leicester Ford, the firit
fr of hi* new book to arrive
* in the city 1.50 imiS
* '"I he Lion and tho Uni-
* corn "by Richard H rd-
T ing Davis..... 1.25 .95
J And tb se three by Henty
£ — hi* 1599 itribution to
fr his American friends, the
& boys :
* Won by the Sword" M 1 60 1.19
* "A R ivin/ Commission "... 1.50 1.19
* "No rrender" 1.50 1.19
fr
f Monday Special.
* For one day only we offer 144 amber
j^ glass Berry S a ts, 7 pieces, arge berr/
* bowl and 6 berry or sauce plates, 'atest
i£ shape and color, the set for 390
fr
* Groceries Not - chea p ? roc "
& gmn «** M cries, but goods of
, %*ik& p. guaranteed qual*
* ity, retailed at the lowest possible
fr prices. Your money cheerfully refunded
* it you are not sa'sfted. T.iese it»ms
? are seiecte - from our Grocery Catalogue
- "ow i i "re-<s.
pi Family FlOUr, Empor or Sper-
£ ry'o — Darrei of 4 sacks, $3.50—50-
Ib sacks 9Uc
* Sugar, n c dry granulated, 20 >hs for
* :!.: .$l.OO
* Sa"din2S, imported, X's, per can. 70
T Cocoa Shells, ncr ib 7©
•l Soda Crackers, the American
H Biscuit Co.V, 1-8 bjxe3 4-Oo
£ fig Bars, p»r b 12c
* Da nty ijhins, per ib 14
& GUve OS! — L rge bottles of pure
* 0. v 0 . 45©— small bottles.
* Gfrrmea, 4ib packages 170
? Corn, fancy Maine, none better, per
£ can 100
& Prunes, new cr p, per Ib
(V Be, Be, Ho and 12,,0
> 444*444 44 44444«4444« ,
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Orders, Pensions Granted and
Increases Therein.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— A. M. Holly
was to-day appointed Postmaster at La
Crescenta, Los Angelea County, vice H.
H. Moffat, resigned.
Army orders: Private Clarence A.
Chute, Troop L, Sixth Cavalry, is trans
ferred to the Fourth Cavalry. He will ».e
sent to the Presidio, San 1-Tancisco. By
direction of the Secretary of War Captain
Charles G. Sawtelle Jr., assistant quar
termaster, now at San ' Francisco, is re
lieved from further duty In the Philippine
Islands and will report to depot .quarter
master at San Francisco. Chaplain The
ophilus G. Steward, Twenty-fifth Infant
ry, is relieved from duty at Wjlberfori-e.
Ohio, and will proceed to San Francisco
for assignment to duty. Commissary
Sergeant H. H. Allen, Presidio, will re
port for duty at the general hospital at
that post. Private Edward Newman,
Battery N, Third Artillery, Alcatraz
Island will be discharged from the ser
vice of the United States. Private Henry
J. Maxwell. Thirty-first Infantry, Pre
sidio, San Francisco, will be discharged
THE EMPORIUM.
Manufacturer's Entire Stock
Real Lace Scarfs.
On sale Monday and following days at *&
about ONE THIRD of ao.ual values. o|
We offer one hundred and twenty-five real Lace black Spanish Hand- -^<^^^
Run Scarfs, of the finest quality manufactured, averaging from 18 to 24
inches in width and from 2\ to 3£ yards in length. These scarfs are suf- F&/;-|^s^c* |!^^^ v
ficieitly large for waist draping or skirt flounces, a". • come In very be utiful patte ns that $$'£.'$ -!tF^*^iu
re ordinarily quite expensive. Wo have closed them cut from the manufacturer at a '[^^-^c^^C^P^i^^.
price which enables us to offer 'him th s week at about one- thirl of tne ir actual va'ues. I(^7 o^<S^/V\i7^^*;*'\
$5.00 rraSlace scarfs for $I.B* \s? .50 rna sen for s7. SO 'HWM^^
W.OO " " " '' 3.75 S5.0 ••» " " " " 4.^3 7^^>/)'?&M^
12.50 " " " "3 95 SO.GO '< " " " 67> ®S V/VTW
13.5*1 " " " "4. O\ SO.GO " " " « W. 50 ****"* ' %**J "
17.50 " " " " 5.85
Your name perfectly engraved on copper plate, together with 100
of Crane's Superfine cards, special for this week only, $1.35.
Fail Styles for Boys.
Never before has the big store shown such a large and varied assortment of boys' clothing*
The most popular styles for winter for small boys will be the Sailor, Middy and Vestee suits. The new
garments possess the fit, finish and appearance to be found only in the Emporium's excellent clothing.
The following are four strictly new creations : . s . .
xA, No. 1. (T^^s No. 2. -**/^^v*\ No. 3. m T*** 1 No* 4.
/Olfa An entirely / ft\"rr Another new ft-" -J A pretty O V"«> a f ■»
Wf*nw style for V, b* / Winter suit for V \"U*7 litt suit »' * \k-aa
/S?S /T boys 6to 10 : -MOi 86to 10 I/. J^L for boys 3 J£ i/ f,. ay . .
T**¥> H cars <f age- WV$M^ years of age, wfS3J\ t'B»*.ra "w V
T?J*Jj «'l wool blue f\^o> A double breast- #W/\ of ag .fine r^lA COi °, r h f"
Jkfefy cheviot, coat /fo I \ ed, all wool / 'IF [ \ qnility / j^^Y/f'
JWii^V with small col- f I V.Wergewith I «/\« X-) n atly fl?- I^J # 7]r V' Be >u*i
/|o|Co^ la ' anl em - rr° XV ht blue vest, # X_A V/ nred w"" \ "/a* witn large
(i>%o broiled de 31 £>/ embr iler a 1 \J£[yY ted cloth \ , *Ff\ « ail ° . co "
VJjgEfe,,, tachable W Ip ° i design on vest, Ml, IA \l inme'ium / V 7"/ • j .'.,
TM shield, wi ha WrrTTi silk corded lAW shade of '/,*"// m , ed , Wlt
\\\\ I, perfect don- \\\ \ / V/ / cd 7 e on nrck (J JVU gray, d irk 7/ /I black silk
\\\\ II- He - breasted UU/ / band, very fine fi T\ .0 bue cloth li Juf. \- ■ braid, vest
LMxi'/// breast of XT] / mat as, /A A Y lapels, 11, %\ of same
I|\ 4 farcy Scotch \\ color guaran- W / will —trimmed \\ I(|.V. . material
VI Ar I . vesting. 4fW /> eed. /> W 3with back jUXr tUlijrVl / but an en-
<£*W i Price M ~ Price ~T ., .si k braid, AW, tire,y new
<£*"W A rr ' O^ JTI &H3 S3. •nbroidered design on a vest «X? en^ c w run
Boys' Reefers Wooih $4.00 for $2.4 o~ Just "he bu^ to cor e^nond with center piece of bnck si k run-
Boys> Reefers Wo.ih $*.OO for $2.4 > Just the ITe s taey lo fc H«e ™g »P and down, emb-oid-
pit into stock, new up-to-dat goods and omi biu- As rakhin $7.50 suits ered with dcs : gn of white
Reefers lar;e sa ior collars, trimmed with b!uj cloth to match, Price ' $5 OO si* k, for boys 3to 8 year*.,
for ages 3to 7 years. , w.%,%, p l 0 e...'.. $5.00
MiSZinety Department £™ Rainy Weather.
Some of the world's best Mill - New Umbrellas- The cheap that wa carry is 50:,
nery Models are here for your in- (^*i\h'\ ilie ™' 08 " cx P lll3iv ' $14. Th?re are a great many price steps
spection. Some of America's best ['^^^'^w in betvieec ' but, whether it hi a low-pric?d or an expensive
makers to carry OUt your wishes, VgsglS^i Umbrella, you can dep_n - upon its be;ng as good as can be
, , / . I -i. , TW'^J^J^^ made for the price. Here are two especially good vanes:
and as to materials, the produc- yJSszs^*i]f >
tions of tha best factories to S^^^V« Men's Umbrel a, union pilk, para on frames, natural wood
choose from. ; x^.i!^^^i!S\i)) steriirg si ver trimmed hand steel rod, she 26 or 28
First shown/of e'even new imported /^^§t|r incheS $2.50
Mode! H'.t? to-morrow Mm lay). Pat- ' T T  , „ ,  . , ,
ten H.t< frrm th worli'- best 'L I Jc4\ lit Umbrel!a, silk 6"rg?, pira^on frames, nrml r«i
m kers $15 OO to +40.Q0 (llim^Ml "' sterling nlvir trimmed handles, steel rol $3.00
Pattern Hats copi-^by oury .;■••— 'Mlff/W/' Ladies' Rubbers styes, both shaped to slip
_ : 9U.UU to f'SMU 'Mij%,/s ea ilyove: t * sty ie of shots now being worn.
1 Tnmme Hat', the season-: np <i and ' J *
co or*, fine materials. ...~.sS to $! J Bailey's ribbed-back Rubber for ladies, the heel having a rib : ed '
English tai or-m^de Hi s. cxc mive wuh m-$4.75 to $1O back pro . ects th • c 0 hin» from becoming wet or soiled,
—^ - mfi m A prey n s the braik of tha rubber at the hee', where it
tLHZOWfZ fffle£&&i£s&Bc&i*Eeit*®a firs " rivB3 out a BO holds the rubber secure on the boot
■ _ , and p event? it from slipping at the heel, all size ? 750
V^Perhiw imwi correct- 8 »ea<in?, :i -adqnirtan fo- Real L , die • Storm Rubber?, hi;h back, and fronts, all sizes 47 O
f ranch ni • Gloves at the lowest po33ible price, fo
the rea ( art c'.e. F ill -t >ck now complete. Men's in> OS OS— A splen id assortment of
Lid' 2-c : asp Kid Gloves, the Fa 1 shades of reds, b'ues, wor v sorta. some Mow a $5, the best that a man can
greens, brown ,tais ani mod^s, also blacc and wait e—ev-ry ask for for $2 J. Here is one a a moderate price that is
pair fitted anl guarantee '.. -. $1.0 positively rainpro f and serviceable:
Ladies' 2-chsp Rml Kid Gloves, "T c Premi re," ro s blues. It comes in three co ors. ihek, bue and ta-, box coat, 4ouMe-
gr?«-n-s browns, t^.n=, modes, also black and white— ev*rv breasted style, wide Velvet collar, all si 63 $7.' O
pair fitted an! guaranteed $1.25
Ladis' 2-clasp RalMo ha Gloves, brown?, tans, moles ml LaeflOS* Mackintoshes — Blue or b ack sere", plaid
•reindee* gra» — every pair fitted and guarantee! — $1.50 lining, single cape, vaivat collar, a 1 sizes $4-, 95
House Furnishing Headquarters.
f^^siSSsT'^lf \\ If- Extra heav i-on frame \\f-n crVeoiul n — i©
J 3 " 685^ \\Ps Clothes Wringer, re- W^J^H Genu.ne Agate Pre-
_____ J^-> iS) liable make $145 __ v^i ' '^S^ servin' ttl^s
— ; — ' IJtenjl^^ ftr'-'ir' ■■*— H The Celebrated Peerless bale hard c and
A first-class Coal Stove-large JS?*^L ] ""^1 ,. J&ks&M Ice-Cream Freezer, loop, 18-quirt size
enough for ordinary family, fS*Ba_}_Qf ! -wIC/^%><^i^^| warranted to make — each $1.50
finely finished, guaran' eed — ' L |i?uJ \wMsky^%^&W^W; cream in ■ 3)^ hours, 2- -<^
set up in any part of city j^*S_l^Bl ! H?! $0 \ q^art size..... 51.60 j
. Oil Heater, abso- A jistable Wi-e Window Jm"£~"^ t T> ) . \'\ '-;♦*/
uZ^i^^^^^^yh lutely odorless and Sere with hardwood ■—^_^^3T___» \.- **' ? »':7
Y^^^ZrZ^^^W safe $4.75 frames— each 25c |^^^_l_3B^i) &'&*** '•?/
Fir't qua' itv covered Rubber S One-bu-n?r Coal Oii Stove, Fulls z» Galv <n-
Gas Tubing, any length, per Ironing Poard, well finished, 5 odorless and safe— izei Water
foot 5c f?et, long, only 55c warranted 60c Pails f0r..25c
Mew Fssßß Hats.- New La -c • %£££%%& firBt d B P !a^ of
MV<&W*r F €*8M fc^«aCC» #»■»-.# «_;*•_* a ? reatvaret of rich Lc& Curtains re-
The Latest Fall and Winter styles ( or men are here, at **UrWainSm ceived during the past week. There are
price * much b9!ow those asked for similar grades by the ex- a. so new Portieres, new Oriantai Drapems ani n^w Table #
elusive hatters. Covers.
Darby Hats and Soft Hit? in the Fall '99 Danlap, Knot and Bruise s Lace Curtains, new d signs, per pair $4.25
y.juman styles, bla k and correct shade of brown, we 1 p o i nt de Calais Lace Curtains, n w d??igns, per pair
w irth $8.50 each, for $2.43 v v $7 50
Derby Hat in Fall '99 stye, well made, of good mareri^ AraKtt 1^ cK£^*S^"^ pdtl^iWOLS
Ali- ofuV'F;doras;''b"ack;'7o?eVbVown;'g7ld^0 fuV'F;doras;''b"ack;'7o?eVbVown;'g7ld^ Heavy En^ li3h Net Curtain8 ' entirelT new ' P er V^r...52.50
CQiar , i Q C Tapestry Portieres, new designs in 6 colorings, pair $3.50
Full line of J. B. Stetson's famous Soft Hits and Fill '99 Table' Covers, dining room table size, cne espac a v gool
Derbtss. heavily fringed, f0r....... $3.75
'■Re-engaged || pPf^ " J~ n J" __ Iw ft [^Qow in
Jor Coming W 1 &&U4M&W*K,Wi%G W>3X3ZZL®itf>. Press.
Week. California's — America's Grandest Store. Out This Week.
from the service of the United States.
The following named enlisted men, hav
ing enlisted under false pretenses, will be
discharged without honor from the ser
vice: Private James Clark, Twenty-ninth
Infantry, and Private John A. Winkler,
Thirtieth Infantry, Presidio, San Fran
cisco.
Pensions — California: Original — Hiram
V. B. Parker, Fresno, $k; Xavier Ruiz,
Soldiers' Home, bos Angeles, $0; Robert
M. Town, Myrtle, $10; George W. Geer,
Lemoore, $6; Andrew R. Over, San Fran
cisco, pi; Robert Orr, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeies, $8; John H. Wyatt, Lros Angeles,
$8; William A. Swain, Fullerton, $8. In
crease — Barnabas E. Savery, Corona, $6
to $S; William O. Mauck, Santee Station,
♦b to $10; John Baker, Sharon, $8 to $10;
Garrett S. de Garmo, Los Angeles. $8
to $10. Original — John H. Smith, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $10; Warren Grandall Horn
brook. $8. Increase — William Rector, Los
Angeies, $16 to $17; George Herzog, Bogus,
$6 to $8; Lewis McPherson. Los Angeles,
$6 to $8. Reissue— Michael A- Teal, River
aide, $6. Mexican war widows— Matilda
Hughes. Los Angeles, $8.
Oregon: Original— Clark Allen Clatska-.
nie, SIP; William Ahl, Jasper. $C; Enoch
W. Mldlam, Oregon City. $8; Berryman
M. Smith, Portland, $6; William Showers,
Portland, $12; Frederick Emily, Cor
bett. $6. Increase— James B. Creecy.
THE EMPORIUM.
Blame. S3 to $10; John W. Wilson, Airlee,
$6 to ?S; Isaac Higgins, Dexter. $6 to $8.
Washington: Original— Patrick H. Do
lan, Miles, S6. Increase— James D. Ross,
Spokane, ?6 to $8. Original widows, etc.—
Nancy Sheldon, La Center, $8. Reissue-
Sylvia E. Sergeant, Arcadia, $12. Original
— Henry Williams, Sumner, $8. Addi
tional, special, September 26— William
Wright, Tacoma, $8 to $12. Original wid
ows, etc.— Mary A. Kemp, Tacoma, $8.
Asks to Be Relieved.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— Captain Philip
H. Cooper, commanding the Chicago, has
asked to be relieved of his command. In
structions have been given to the New
York navy yard to put the Chicago in
condition for service at the earliest pos
sible moment. It is the constructor's
opinion that the ship can be made ready
for use within a month.
Havana Floating Drydock Sold.
HAVANA, Oct. 7.— The Spanish Govern
ment has sold the Havana floating dock
for $600,000 to a syndicate of Vera Cruz
merchants. Several New York firms have
been asked for terms for conveying the
dock to Vera Cruz. The purchasers wish
to take it away about the beginning of
next month.
THE EMPOHjUM.
WORK OF GRANGERS.
Committees ' Appointed for the Ensu
• ing Two Years.
NAPA, Oct. 7.— During the closing ses
sion of the State Grange the resolution of
the Napa Grange recommending that the
State Legislature reduce the salaries of
county officers was referred to the per
manent legislative committee, which,
after thorough investigation, recommend
ed that the matter be carrier? to the State
Grange meeting two years hence.
Stockton Grange presented resolutions
urging Congress to build the Nicaragua
canal as soon as practicable through Gov
ernment ownership and that the Govern
ment take stringent measures to prevent
timber cutting and pasturage in the for
ests and provide storage for the flood
waters.
A committee, composed of A. L. Burn
ham of Lamberts, B. G. Hulbert of San
\ Jose, Thomas Jacob of Visalia arid A. D.
Butler of Napa, was named to assist in I
organizing a California dried fruit asso
ciation.
The following permanent committees
were appointed by Worthy Master Wor- I
THE EMPORIUM.
■ •
Overcoat Bargain. |
Wehaveciosed r'^L *
out from a New J-<l2> <•
York maker of V *Jm •<#
fine Overcoats, \~Jy 5
a large lot of «»
Covert Top ,/OOFN *
Coats. They are #Vi Tfl \ «
the proper $f| I <
style, cut jast f I 1 "*
long enough, / / A *
cut just short — •'{ O =*\ 5,
enou^h,cut just f^^ n I " «
right. Have ti = =tf Tj
silk sleev? iin- 3 tf
ings and the ZTL *
tailoring is up (S.^L L _-=; '■■ 4*
to the Empor- I '| / \i y ♦
ium standard, ' ~/ '/ *
which means *
the b st. Regularly $12.00 and $l:".O0,
our price until this lot is sold. .slO*OQ
♦
Mme. Idaline's %
Face Creams *
<ii mUjJfffr Are ideal preparations <•
JT *&**&£] wtiich not only beautify ♦
OHT but preserve the skin, 2
fc tS3^ a * the same *' m - be- <S
C* ing perfect y invisib
'.jf Freckles, wrinkles and +
-?J tan give way be- <jf
"^_ y^fore these cream? as <C
scow before the sun- . <*
"*^^ *cLAi>r shine. They contain "*
no poisonous matter, bein.; compounded J
from purely v.^petable substances. 3
A competent demonstrator will «
show these face creams in theToi- ♦
let Article Department daily from *
Ba. m- to 6 p. m., and Mme. ♦
Idalino herself will explain ; *
their uses in the private show ♦
room, back of the Millinery De-
partment, daily from 1:30 to 5 «
P- m. |
New P#a/i# TheDresB Go o d 3 Z
Suitings, department has «
** never before
shown such arrays of colors and *
exquisite materials. The collec- ♦
tion of "prettiest plaids pro- J
duced" has taken the town by «
storm. Women actually are sur- *
prised that the prices are so low. <$
43-in. Fancy Plaid-, "jjf> ♦
in handsoma pat- 2i
terns and choice . I^% J
color combina- /: s^v ♦
tion3, per yard.s# ///%dffjrfri?&!l ♦
46-inch Shetland wfl^Jsrai *
P.aids in combina- jgSsPfc\i /*K?S3 X
tiens of naw, pur- '^^^/J^^^ 2
pc, r d. tan and «
. b!ack, per yard... >^(v? jfhsifjSr, «
$1.25 if C^PWI;//// *
62-inch Go f Plaid, vJßyha|*ys' ♦
the latest novelty /Qzs\\s-.\ Hi ''/■ 5»
lor ladies' skirts /|t^|^\ 7 S
per yar.i.^/.35 y 5
44-inch Z'biiine '^C^o v?
Piaid?, rich combi- qv '#
naions of purple, brown, grets , black *
and t u,pery«rd $11*75 *$
44-inch Bouc'e Plaids, most fashionable 2)
novel; y, for Fall and Winter w=>ar per »*
yard $3.90 *
«
: *
Biacti We mention but half a *
SiOfSm d° zen rom a collec-
tion embracing more >*
than a hundred styles of black ♦
silks for fall and winter wear. £
21-inch Peau de Soie, we 1 finished, a if
good black, guaranteed to wear, per V
yard ~....5f J
21-inch B ack Gros Grain, excellent finish,
asp.enii: value, per yard $1 q
20-inch Black Merveilleux, a very soft
weave that will giva good wear, used >#
extensively for shirt waists, Der ji.sl '?
21-inch Pekin Stripes, in afferent sizes, ♦
will make very stylish dress skirts, p»r Jj
yard $1 2
22-inch Satin Luxor, very rich and
dressy, peryari $1*35 ■#
22-inch Black Poplin, a very popu ar Tnd <>
good wearing silk, per yard.... sl*so <"
Black Taffetas. We are show a *
comple c line of the lest makes of
Swiss, French and American mills, in i
all widths. Prices rancr*. per vnd.... \
75c to $1.50 J
«
Newest Thesa are the biggest «
™_ -• . s?ller3 at the- present <§
IwllS SIC. time, some of thorn re- <#
ceived during the past week : <•
"Always," a new song of the writers of ♦
"Because" ~ 350 *
"Sweet, S-veet Love," a wa:tz ballad, b'v 2
Honvi'z & Bower- 350
"Sing Me a Song of the South "~...35c <>
"The Girl i Left in Dixie Waits for tf
Me," a popular song and chorus. .3sO <?
"The Pride of the Pier" 35C *
"Ju<t a3 the Daylight Was Breaking " ♦
350 J
"Forgive and Forget, Love," a beaut J
sentimental song 350
*
.0
- *
t-iuuor our ' neom P ara^ 8 ♦
*" " m m special off rings for «
&P&CialS* this week only. • ...:«
Sautornßm extra choice, re ularlv ♦
$1.00 per gallon 65© *
Champion Bourbon- -A Wnis- J
key that wi 1 please you: «.»
Gallons, regularly $3.50, f0r. .52.65 <y
Full quart bottles, regularly $1.00. or <ff
aoo v
Choice old Port, or Sherry, our ♦
; $I.s Vp;r gallon shades, for./.. 51*00 *
Bourbon ■ Whiskey— o a Gov- *
tram nt, ; a; great fa« rite with our «
patrons, regularly $1.25 a bottle, this v
week • 85c «
k444444444444^444444444^u
then to serve for the ensuing two years;
Committee on co-operation— S. P. Sander!
of San Jose, A. P. Martin of Petaluma;
Thomas Jacobs of Visalia, D. T. Fowler
of Berkeley and Mrs. O. E. Borrette ol
Napa. Judiciary committee— S. T. Coul
ter of Santa Rosa: J. D. Huffman, Lodl
D. M. Winans, Petaluma; Mrs. Monj
Reese, Sacramento; C. J. Berry, Visalia
Legislative committee— E. F. Adams, Sal
Francisco; J. L. Boecher Jr., Stockton.
M. Sims, Sacramento; Mrs. D. R. Adams.
Wrights; J. S. Taylor, Xapa. Committee
on good of the order— H. C. Rapp. M;>r
tinez; Mrs. R. S. Twitehell. Grass VnlUvi
Miss Libby Wood, Danville; Mrs. Jennii
Gould. Rosevllle; Nathan H. Root, Stock
ton. Committee on order of business — W
M. Johnson, Courtland; H. F. Blohm,
Aroma: W. D. Houx, Petaluma: Dae
Flint, Sacramento, and Mrs. C. S. Hay
ward, Pescadern.
GENERAL WILSON ILL,
I'ormer Postmaster Genera! Suffer-
ing With Trouble of the Lungs.
CHARLESTON. W. Ya., Oct. 7.— Newi
has been received here that ex-Congress
man and ex-Postmaster General Willlan:
L. Wilson is dangerously ill with i
chronic affection of the lungs.
56
Whs
SUNDAY OCTOBER 8, 1899
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Alt Communications to W. S. LE.AKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
1 Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Posta**'-
PAII.Y CAM., (including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call). ( months It.OO
FAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call). S months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month (!5c
EI'.NDAT CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 00
Ail postmasters ore authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquettc Building,
Chtca&a,
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTO.N Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LIiKLNS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Ncrtk«r» Mi«U;
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, II Union Bquar*)
Hurray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, comer Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 300 Hayes street, ocen untl<
9:50 o'clock 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock;. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22<~' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '094
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh;
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,
AMUSEMENTS,
California— "Pag Wofflngton."
Columbia — "Hotel Toi>sy Turvy»"
Oriheum— Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "The Mikado."
Alcazar— "lnnocent as a Lamb."
Grand Opera House — "Rip Van Winkle."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninj;.
Olyrr.pla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Ke«.Teation Park— Baseball to-day.
Ur.lon Coursing — Coursing To-day.
Man-Clay Hall— Song Recital, Tuesday evening, Octo-
ber 10.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chaw & Men-lenhall— To-morrow, at 173: Market street,
Driving, Draft and Work Horses.
SELF GOVERNMENT.
THE Sani raid comments with acrimony
on the position of that eminent Republican
Frank
■ gretted that in order to an
irt his err j to say
ut the consent of the governed
tion or a political makeshift
te and unwarranted position.
thing, never was and never
rablc number of people."
This "demagogic hallucination or political make
■ ted in our . on of Independence in
5: "We hold these truths to be self
men are created equal; that they are
r Creator with certain inalienable
g these are life, liberty and the
That to secure these rights
tituted among men, deriving their
the consent of the governed."
The Hera' ick upon our past acquisition of
port its position. In the case of the
lition :r<>m Mexico by the treaty of Guadalupe
I and property rights, land ten
the tew Mexicans resident in the ac
territory were guarded in the treaty, and they
were admitted to citizenship in the United States,
given the franchise and the protection which the
Is in a government by consent. We had
not en them to revolt against Mexico and
to «et up a revolutionary government and cherish an
tion for independence. We at once bestowed
upon then our birthright in a government by consent,
and there was neither protest nor resistance on their
part. Mr. Blame, who will be accepted by the Her
ald as good Republican authority, said: "At this day,
when the right of people to govern themselves, the
fundamental basis of republican institutions, is so
widely recognized, nothing is more difficult or more
dangerous than the forced transfer of territory, car
rying with it an indignant and hostile population.
The Government of the United States believes that
territorial changes should be avoided as far a>
possible and that they should never be the result of
mere force."
The Mexicans on this territory were neither indig
nant nor hostile. The Herald will observe that Mr.
Blame was guilty of using the same "demagogic hal
lucination and political makeshift" as Mr. Short.
As it has answered Mr. Short so successfully, will it
now proceed to refute Blame's position?
The whole history of our Government confirms the
that Blame took, that "such territorial changes
should never be the result of mere force." The rea-
Republican institutions can in the
nature of things be propagated only by example and
consent. Monarchical and despotic institutions can
not be propagated by example and consent, and -o
have always depended upon force. Therefore it is
difficult to differentiate a republic from a despotism
when it abandon* example and consent and resorts
to force.
■ preacher, who was accused of working
on Sunday, has been duly exonerated by a special
committee. The accused probably proved to the
satisfaction of hi* nidges that for him at least preach
ing is only serious fun after all.
Information has been received here that all ar
rangements have been made for the opening of a
new bank in the City of Mexico. It is not stated
whether it will be faro or monte.
By the time the Boers and the British get ready for
war each side will probably perceive the other to be
BO Strong it will be willing to resume negotiation* and
■ the peace pipe.
An Oakland youth, who wants to sec the world,
has started for Stockton. A great many other peo
ple who wanted to see very much less have started
for the same place.
The yellow Examiner probably displayed thnt
"Macaroni" special on the international yacht race
because it felt it was in the soup.
FINANCIAL LEGISLATION.
"T~*HE San Francisco Chronicle antagonizes, with
some asperity, the proposition to have any
financial legislation at the coming session of
Congress. Its ?ir.-t reason is that "what one Con
gress can do another can undo," and, secondly, that
'as long as we maintain our present tariff system we
shall be all right."
As the existing tariff is nothing but legislation by
one Congress and another may undo it. it would
seem that there is a flaw somewhere in the Chronicle
logic.
The Republican '/arty came into power in 1896 to
do two things— reform the currency, establish
«ound finance and pass protective tariff. The mem
ory of men run- easily back to the campaign of that
year and recalls the pledge for sound money and the
g'>]<! standard n ade on every stump and in every Re
lican paper between the ocean-. Each pledge
made by the party had t«> be redeemed by legislation.
but-' ■ hronicle is that neither should
have bee!! redeemed, because "what one Congress
can do anothei can undo." Therefore ; - Re
publican \:i both branchi ■. should not do anything to
carry out part) • • I 1 .- ause it will not
be a finality and may be undone by another Congress.
In this country parties struggle for supremacy and
power in ;' ■ ' solely for the purpose of
impressing their policy upon its legislation and ad
ministration. According to the Chronicle idea it is
usele*< to add anything to the legislation of the first
■ [789 because subsequent Congresses
wouid undo it!
The Chronicle says there is a growing feeling that
"it is inexpedient to precipitate a debate on the sub
ject of monetary reform at a time when all of the best
arguments of those who are advocating the necessity
of an immediate recognition of the gold standard can
be refuted by the presentation of a few facts."
These facts are stated to be the balance of ti
our favnr and plenty of gold in the country. The
Arkansas traveler found a man with no roof on h'.s
house who excused himself for not putting one on by
the presents few facts. The-e were that when
it rained lie couldn't put on a roof, and when it did
not rain nn roof was needed. It was raining from
:Bq.> to iB</i. The panic was on and it was found
to be impossible to secure the treasury against the
depletion of the endless chain and to protect the pub
lic credit by efficient recognition of the gold stan
dard. The necessity for doing both was clearly seen,
but neither could be done, and the result was the load
ing the people with the burden of an interest charge,
tens of millions greater than it should be, to prevent
public insolvency. The panic is over now. Times are
good. There is abroad a tendency to speculative in
flation, and the conditions are such as lead to panics.
The wise man in private business looks ahead and
secures his credit against what may come. A wise
Government should do the same. To definitely ac
cept the gold standard and entrench it in the law and
the treasui -t another depleting run is
to be wise. But in this situation the Chronicle ad
:e Republican party to adopt Arkansas
economics and finance and not precipitate a discus
sion of governmental wisdom!
- m it- outstanding pledge the party owes i f
to the country t . well and wisely toward a
more sound, safe and scientific system of public
finance, a= it owe- to the country good and wise, gov
ernment in all things. No doubt the Republicans
who ■.vere shouting for free silver up to the holding
of the National Convention, and who despaired of
success when Teller. Stewart, Jones, Dubois and the
silver Republicans bolted at St. Louis have yet in
their political veins the septic influence which induced
hundreds of thousands like them to swell Mr. Bryan's
vote. But there are others. The victory of 1806 was
a distinct triumph for the sound money men of the
country. These are now sneered at by the Chronicle
a* "alleged monetary reformers."
But in their ranks are such eminent Republicans as
ex-Senator Edmunds, Stuart Patterson, Colonel
Higginson. 11. H. HSnna, Secretary of the Treasury
Gage. Governor Shaw, and the leaders in all the
States of the Upper V Valley, who have re
covered or held their States from I'ryanarchy by de
manding just what the Chronicle says they should not
have.
The very fact that a change may occur in the par
tisan majority, which the Chronicle admits when it
:''ir non-action, is a reason for action carried
as far as it can po-sibly go without getting out of
sight of public opinion. It is hardly possible that the
country will elect a President who would sign a bill
to substitute the silver basis for the gold standard.
But under the declaratory resolution of the last Con
gress under existing law such basis would be reached
when the strain on the treasury made it necessary to
redeem public obligations in silver.
Preventive legislation now will empower a Presi
dential veto to protect the public credit against any
thing but a two-thirds majority in Congress
The kmg list of celebrated Jacks, beginning with the
Giant Killer and including the Ripper and the Kisser,
has had a recent addition at Oakland in the person of
Tack the Tree Chopper. They seem to be jacks of all
trades.
RESULTS OF THE TRUST CONFER
ENCE.
JOHN BATES CLARK, professor of political
economy at Columbh University, who was one
of the delegates to \\:r Chicago Trust Confer
ence, has recently made public his opinion concerning
the results accomplished by the discussion. Like the
rest of the world, he regards the work of the confer
ence as valuable only so far as it was educational, and
notes that it deserves to be considered satisfactory,
inasmuch as it gave the public an opportunity to
learn the best arguments current on the two sides of
the great issue.
According to the professor, some of the most ear
re-t students on the subject at the conference took
no part in the debates. He quotes one of them as
saying. "I have been soaking in public opinion."
That was probably the condition of the professor
himself, for he has drawn from the discussion only
! the most conservative of views, and comments upon
I the problem with no little caution.
Judging from what wr.« brought forth at the con
ference, Professor Clark says that as a rule the oppo
nents of trusts are the small capitalists and the agri
culturists. He notes that the small body of social
ists in the country look upon trusts with favor in the
belief that their tendency will be to educate the gen
eral mass of men in the economic, advantage of large
combination*. Speaking for himself he says: "We
can crush trusts if we really decide to do it. but we
can do something that is better than that, for we can
study the natural forces that are already working
i against true monopoly, and by removing the obstacles
that are in their way preserve, in spite of vast con-
solidations of capital, the principle of competition
and freedom."
Such a conclusion seems to be amply justified by
all the facts thus far made known. Of course trusts
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 8. 1899.
being a? yet in but an early stage of their development
it is not possible to perceive clearly in what they will
help and in what injure the world of industry and
commerce. A careful supervision to remedy abuses
is all that is needed at this time. There is nothing
to afford a foundation for a fear that any possible
combination of capital can ever effect a monopoly of
a considerable industry in a nation so large as the
United States, if individual enterprise be left free to
combat it.
James W. Girvin, formerly of San Francisco, now
of Hawaii, has a double whose affairs are constantly
being mixed with his. This alter ego always turned
up where the original James W. was expected, in
variably managing to get there first. The only satis
faction the present sufferer has is the hope that the
other fellow will answei the rollcall when his own
time on earth is up.
THE MUNICIPAL CAMPAIGN.
nC) RACK DAVIS in addressing the convention
upon his nomination for the office of Mayor
very clearly vet forth in a few words the issue
of the contest and his own relation to it. His state
ment merits the attentive consideration of all voters,
for it contains at once a declaration of the policies
which should now he pursued by the municipal ad
ministration, and a pledge to undertake them with
fidelity and zeal. '
Mr. Davis said: "The position of Mayor of San
Francisco is at all times one of responsibility, but
this year it is more responsible than ever. We have
come to the parting of the ways, where the city shall
cast off its swaddling clothes and come out into the
grace and majesty of civic maturity. Your platform
sets forth the principles upon which you ask and have
a right to expect the support of the people. I accept
the responsibility imposed upon the nominee for
May->r by that platform. I am in favor of and have
had some experience in the work of municipal re
form. I had the honor to preside over a preliminary
convention looking to the framing of the new charter,
and I participated in several ratification meetings, be
lieving that the charter opened to us a new era for
municipal reform. I shall endeavor, if elected, to
carry out its provisions faithfully and honestly."
From that short but comprehensive statement the
voters of the city can learn the nature of the issue
before them. San Francisco under its new charter is
about to enter upon a new era of progress, provided
the incoming administration be one devoted to muni
cipal improvement on lines of true economy and be
in the hands of men in whom the people have enough
of confidence to give warm and genuine support.
The character of the men who compose the tickets
of the rival parties constitutes, therefore, a potent
factor in the campaign. There cannot be a good
administration except in the hands of men who are
not only honest but who are upheld by the better
elements of the community, and are not in any way
allied or in collusion with the old bosses and their
gangs of tax-caters who in the past have been so per
nicious to our politics.
Mr. Davis is himself one of the most eminent men
who has ever consented to serve an American muni
cipality in the office of Mayor. He has had a dis
tinguished career both in public and in private life.
At every period of his manhood he has taken a warm
interest in the larger affairs of the city, the State and
the nation, and in all disputed issues before the people
has always been on the right side. He was one of the
• to perceive the danger to California in unre
ted immigration of Chinese, and was foremost in
making the fight against it at home and in Congress.
That is but one incident in a long career of public
service, but it reveals the foresight and genuine pa
triotism of the man, his careful regard for the inter
ests of labor and the general welfare of all. .
It is to be noted, moreover, that the whole ticket
is strong. The candidates for the various judicial
positions and municipal and county offices are all
excellent. The city has in the past had experience
with a Board of Supervisors virtually selected by
Mayor Phelan, and the result of the experience is still
freshly remembered. The Democratic majority of the
body was so corrupt that even Phelan himself tried
to oust them from office. Since that time a Repub
j lican board has been in office and the party can safely
challenge an inspection of its record. The Repub
licans of the board have fulfilled every pledge they
made and have given the city as good a government
as is possible under a Democratic Mayor animated by
ambitions for another term.
The issue is before the people. The desire of all is
for progress and improvement undertaken in hon
esty and carried out with economy. The Republican
party presents a ticket which assures the fulfillment of
that desire and can with justice claim the support not
only of all its own members but of all independent
voters who have sufficient civic patriotism to seek
the true welfare of the city.
OUR HOME CIRCLE STUDIES
AS the time draws near for beginning the publica
tion of the series of home studies which The
Call has arranged for the fall and winter,
popular interest in them increases. That much is
made evident by the large number of inquTries con
cerning them and by the warm approval given to the
plan by the foremost educators of the State.
These studies, as has been pointed out, will appeal
to even' family and to every member of the family.
The courses are so varied as to afford gratification to
the different mental inclinations of the readers, and
each course is to be contributed by men or women
who are everywhere recognized as established au
thorities on the subjects with which they will deal.
It is certainly to be accounted a gratifying fact that
the readers of The Call are without additional cost
to have the pleasure and the benefit of studying
Shakespeare under the direction of srteh teachers as
Professor Dowden of Dublin University, William J.
Rolfe and others; American history in the form of
life studies of its greatest men, by historians of the
rank of John Bach McMaster and Albert Bushnell
Hart; the great artists of the world and their mas
terpieces by critics of eminence like John C. Van
Dyke and Russell Sturgis: home science under the
instruction of women like Mrs. Helen Campbell. Mrs.
Margaret E. Sangster and their colleagues; and that
the boys and girls of the family are to have the ad
vantage of weekly counsel and education in studies
important to them in the practical affairs of life.
Hardly any feature of the paper will be more im
portant than these studies, and those who look for
ward to them with most expectancy will be fully re
warded.
Governor Rogers and United States Senators Fos
ter and Turner of Washington must not judge the
manners of California by the lack of them Governor
Gage continues to display in his avoidance of dis
tinguished officials of other States.
It is said that the Filipinos are willing to accept
a protectorate from the United States. The little
brown men have proved thus far that they are rea
sonably well able to protect themselves.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McN^UGHT.
By all odds the most interesting event
of the past week has been the triumph
ant demonstration of the efficiency of the
telegraphy. It appeals not only
to the reason, but to the imagination. It
peems as If fancy itself could not set
bounds to the potences of the new mar
vpl. To be ablo to direct electric currents
through the air with such certainty as to
compel their services gives to humanity
something of the attribute of a demigod.
There exist recording instruments in the
great observatories of the world of such
c "rlloacy that whenever a spot appears on
the surface of the sun the instruments re
cord a change in the magnetic equilibrium
of the earth. If such records can be ob
tuiiud of what is going on at the vast
distance of tho sun, it is not unreasonable
t«. believe that since we have now tho
iicwer to direct electrical energy without
wires we may yet be able to start a cur
rent at any given point on the globe which
will le recorded by Instruments at any
other point. It Is even possible that here
afte" battles may be reported as the yacht
ia< c hat been in this Instance, and bulle
tins be published every three minutes in
forming the public how the fight g"es.
Marconi has dune something more than
Invent an improvement in telegraphy. He
has i.inde a new world peopled with a race
having h'tntrto unknown powers.
Out of the popular enthusiasm In the
welcome to Dewey there has come some
thing which promises to be of permanent
aii'l inestimable value to the republic. The
grand triumphal arch erected in his honor
in New York has been found to be so no-
Mo an«l so beautiful that with one accord
the rress. the people, the critics and the
artists urge its perpetuation In enduring
mail 1.-.
\V( hay« accomplished In this country
so littlf- in the way of pure art that the
very promise of a really fine monumental
I s-tru< ture in the chief city of the country
is ,)lia^;i!b. it might be said of us, with
a fair degrep of truth, that we have pro
duced a trillion books, but no literature,
| and achieved a thousand artisan suc
j cesses without accomplishing art. There
i are scoffers who declare we cannot attain
| to genuine art, and the scoffing hurts a
i little because there la almost as much
; truth In the words as there is spleen In
i the men who utter them. The superb arch
j in New York holds out a hope that wo
• shall have a monumental refutation of
such mockers hereafter.
If New York fail to carry out the In
spiration 'f the time, we might get the
models and raise the arch in marble
here. It wi."] be remembered we have a
j Dewey monument committee in San Fran
' clsco.
* • •
I A story Is going the rounds which gaud
ily Illustrates how we live when we be
long t'> the Four Hundred, and how to be
happy though rich. By way of fitly cele
brating a recent v, .-tiding in high life and
making good use of festal garments after
i putting them on. a bachelor of means
: and manners Invited half a dozen ladies
i and as many K-ntlomen to dine with him
| after the celebration of the distinguish^;
; nuptials. The most elaborate prepara
tions were made for the feast. The table
was beautifully decorated with flowers of
i pure gold in vases of dec-ply chased sil
i ver, and diamonds were sprinkled about to
! give a pleasing appearance of dewdrop
1 freshness to the petals. The hour came,
the dinner wns ready, the wines were
cooled to the exact temperature that you
get when you pay most for it; but the
guests did nut come. The host, with one
lone friend, a masculine friend at that,
waited and waited. By and by he started
the telephone to going. The ladies re
sponded promptly. They were ready, they
■were waitlnp, but th^ir escorts did not
come. More telephonps failed to rouse
j the escorts, but did bring responses from
] persons having them in charge. The es
corts were all Indisposed— suffering from
symptoms of blind drunk. About 10 o"clock
the host and his faithful friend essayed
to finish the dinner themselves. They
made but a stagger at the viands, but
j with the wines they got along swim
! mingly, for a time that is, but In the end
were drowned in a sea of champagne and
weni down umW the table lamenting the
i drunkenness of their friends. Such is the
I way you can live when you do not have
I to work for the living.
* * *
A leader of Washington society Is
quot>-ri as having said she knew Dewey
would become a great and famous man
because when a comparatively subordi
nate officer and stationed in that city he
wan never neglectful of social courtesies.
; Evidently the praise was intended to be
i high, and Just for that reason it conveys
an intimation that as a rule the naval
officer in Washington is not noted for
courtesy. It is probable that in their
' cruising about the seas the gallant fel
lows become IndinVrent to the observ
ances expected of educated men by the
American woman. At any rate a lack
I of social courtesy so uniformly marks
' them that a lady of light ami leadership
discerns true genius In any one of thun
who distinguishes himself by actions of
politeness.
The experience of the Washington lady
recalls an Incident in this city. Not long
ago certain ladies went to visit the lowa,
bearing with them a letter of introduction
to the captain from an official of high
rank. The letter was duly taken by an
officer on deck and possibly conveyed to
the captain, but probably to the petty
! officer who commands the apprentices, for
1 an apprentice came tip and showed them
| about the ship. Neither the captain nor
any officer received them, nor spoke to
them, nor sent word to them of excuse or
regret. The letter of introduction was
I ignored as if it had not been. Judging
' by the standard set up by the experl
! enced woman in the national capital there
' are no Deweys on the lowa. The lncl
-1 dent is trifling and goes as it came, but it
! is likely the ladies of Washington may
yet have to exert thflr influence to have
a professorship of manners established
at Annapolis.
* * •
A student and scholar who describes
; himself as an "adept in curing obses
sion," but signs his name "Nemo," writes
! a long letter to inform me among other
First Lion— Any choice, old man'
Second Lion— l'll have a little of the dark meat. If you don't mind.
-Life.
j things that "the appalling Increase of bo
j called Insanity of late Is contemporaneous
j v.-ith the advent of the larger modern
psycolical Influences at work secretly
' behind all public meetings of an indis
! criminate character, especially in old Ele
; mental Saturated halls during fits of un- j
due mental excitement or other local
sources of sapping of nerve power by the j
grosser in the audience drawing away by !
I Induction the 'magnetic' or life forces
| from finer sensitive subjects (uneducated
Psychics), who are always more or less
present In mixed meetings, in a partial i
state of unfoldment, and so become
thereby so extremely nervous (polarized)
that they can too easily be seized upon by
some of the many earthbound 'unclean'
or sick spirits as of old; also who 'be
foretlme were disobedient' and so un- '
fledged Psychics still continue to supply j
the genuine reason for the ever swelling !
criminal calendar, the alleged moral lep- !
rosy, and most notably adding to the al- i
ready too long list of obsessed people I
through ignorance of psychic law—
It must not be supposed I have given all i
of that sentence. There was some of it i
preceding where I began, and some that ;
goes on beyond where I broke off. The j
portion given serves as a sample. The
writer in a note says, "I am In a position
to say that the second coming,
1. c., the spiritual knowledge will
be greatly aided if you do jus
tice and give space to this article,
one of many to follow." Alas! that the!
second coming should be delayed by my j
Injustice, but it must be so. "Nemo's" !
| article Is more than a thousand words !
! long and there are but three periods In it. |
! To give space to it and the more to follow !
would be to hasten the spiritual illumina- |
tion so rapidly there would be danger of
something slopping over.
The campaigns of off year? are always
dull and those of this particular one are
i duller than ordinarily by reason of the
! fact that the parties having no distinct
fssue to fight over are skirmishing for
positions in a fog and are moving cau
tiously. All the more credit ia therefore
due to Governor Stephens of Missouri
who, not being able to give us an issue,
j has furnished our oratory with a now
phrase. He recently addressed a Missouri
audience as "Sapient sons of sainted
sires" and reminded them, "The eyes of
your country are upon you to-day." What
form of address could be better than
that?
• • •
When Tom Reed in his farewell letter
to his constituents wrote, "I lv.ye never
trimmed a sail to catch the passing
breeze" he knew it sounded well and
doubt!<-ss thought it meant well, but
a landsman should ever be wary of nauti
cal metaphors. There are many seafaring
; men in Maine and they have been great
ly disturbed by the expression. Some of
; them have rushe.d into print to declare
that he who trims no sail to catch what
ever breeze may blow Is a very poor sea
man: and they wish Mr. Reed to furnish
a diagram to explain what ne r-eant. It
f? now ir.-umbent upon the retired states
i mnn to inform them that when in poli
tics he w*nt ahead like a steamer with a
screw propeller driven by the force of
circumstances.
• • »
Admiral Dewey is a most excellent ad
miral, an honor to his country, an ideal
popular hero and tin ornament to thn
Dewey family; but the way in which he
is not acting on political issues with the
: vigor he showed in war is a caution to
statesmen. Whenever any one has said
I anything to him about Presidential possi
bilities be has smiled and put the ques
tion by. When told the other day that
the politicians are planning to nominate
him, ho replied, "They don't know me "
To another questioner who asked him if
he were a Democrat he said, "I am going
to whisper a great secret-! don't think
anybody knows my politics."
AM of which may mean nothing. In the
meantime it is to be remembered that in
the early days of the republic I.angdon
, Cneves said. "The Presidency of the
T'nited States is an office which no citizen
has a right to seek or to refuse." Admiral
Dewey is about to undertake a tour of the
country. AYe may be sure he Is not mak
ing it solely for the sake of receiving ova
tions and getting his hand shaken. It
looks as If the hero had his ear to the
ground.
• • *
When lynching has ceased In the United
States and the history of it is to be wrtt
j ten, here is an item from a paper In Ar
< kansas that will merit a record:
"The lynchers had forgotten to bring a
rope with them, but the victim had 40
cents in his pocket, and that was just
; enough to purchase a good, strong rope,
which was soon produced from a store
near by. The money, however, was con
sidered us a loan, and was returned to
I the victim's family after the ceremonies
were over."
• • •
An invention likely to prove of value to
the musical world is reported from Berlin,
where it la said a certain Dr. Moser has
. devised a sounding-board for the piano
which will improve with age like the body
of a violin and be better after a hundred
i years than when first put together.
The story as it comes from one who
. was present at a test of the "resonance
1 piano," as the inventor calls it. Is interest-
Ing. In the course of his narrative he
says:
" 'What is the first thing a master
1 teaches you to-day?' asked the genial
' doctor. 'It 1s touch. Without touch you
might as well play the xylophone. The
! first time that you put a finger on my
piano you will recognize that it is not the
touch but the instrument that does the
work. You can put your foot on the key
board, and beautifully round, full tone
will ensue. Listen!' The doctor struck
! the middle C smartly with his whole
hand, held like a hatchet, and it may be
I confessed at once that ail present were
surprised, to use no stronger expression,
I at the strength and beauty of the tone.
I The doctor folded his arms and looked on
i triumphantly, while its tones reverberat
i ed through the room as if they would
! never stop, and all the time the overtones
| were clearly and easily distinguished from
the ground tone. A layman might de
scribe it by savins that he had never
heard such a full, round, sweet tone hold
out such a very long time. The doctor
struck the common chord of C major, ana
the effect was certainly marvelous. He
modulated into the minor and then struck
in the bass a palpable discord: but lo ana
b»hold: it sounded actually pleasant. It
was, in a word, orchestral, musical. The
dissonances were like those of the orches
tra in a Wagner score; they seemed to
nave their place, their raison d'etre.'
All of which is very fine and belongs to
the category of things "important if
true." Of the construction of the instru
ment it is said: "The sounding-board of
the modern piano is never thicker than
three-eighths of an inch. Dr. Moser's is
about two inches in diameter. Boards
composed of several pans, joined together
In one way or another, are nothing new in
the history of pianoforte manufacture,
but have always been abandoned. Moser,
however, heLl fast to the idea, and finally
hit upon the right way of combining the
several parts. His first piano was made
in the year 189 S. Now any piano can be
! made over and furnished with a Moser
apparatus."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BARONESS Ii: iiIUS<H-B. C City.
A communication intended for Maurice de
Torres Bischoffheim sent to Brussels, care
of the Baroness de Hirsch, will reach
him.
SOLDIERS' MAIL— A. S. S. Mail in
; tended for soldiers who are to be returned
' to San Francisco Cor Manila is held at the
j poptufflce from the time notice is received
that the troops are to be sent home.
TRANSFER OF PROPERTY— Frisco,
("ity. A will or documerit "making over
certain property may be drawn up with
out the aid of a solicitor" and be legal.
j But the document should be explicit, so
i that there can be no misunderstanding or
j the wish of. the party making over the
j property.
GHOST STORIES-L. J. X., City. If
i you desire to have "a lot of ghost stories,
1 the more thrilling the better, for a ghost
i party " go to the Free Public Library
and you will rind a collection in the"Book
I of Days." volumes I and 11, on consulting
i the index. You can also obtain other
j ghost stories. _ i
SPECIAL DELIVERY.-L. B. J., Port
i wine, Cal. The denomination of a United
' States special delivery stamp Is 10 cents.
' It can be used only In the United States.
i If placed on a letter sent to a foreign
'■ country, even though in the postal union,
I it would have no more effect, so far as
i hastening delivery, than if it was a piece
| of blank paper.
"THE TOILS OF THE ROAD"— Mrs. H,
(',. Thompson of 661 Capp street kindly
i announces that she will furnish to the
correspondent who asked for the same the
words of the poem in which occur the
i lines, "But the toils of the road will seem
nothing when I get to the end of the
| way " if the correspondent will send a
stamped and self-addressed envelope.
HARD WOOD AND INSTRUMENTS-
C M. 8., San Rafael, Cal. There Is no
general "formula for polishirg hard
! wood"; there is a different methoi for
i different woods, the same as to the man
ner for finishing musical instruments; It
' depends on the kind of instrument. -£ you
, will name the kind of wood you want to
i polish or the instrument you want to fin
! ish, this department will endeavor to fur
nish the Information.
MEXICAN AND AMERICAN-M. H.,
Lodi, Cal. The intrinsic value of a Mexi
can dollar, as fixed quarterly by the
United- States Government, is 4S 1-10 cents.
A dollar of the United States contains
grains of pure silver 900 fine. Reckon
that by the market value of silver, and Ip
that way you will ascertain the exact
value of the silver in a dollar on any day.
Its value is affected by the market value
of silver. The Mtxican dollar contains
417.79 grains of silver.
NOT FROM CARSON— Subscriber, Oak-
I land, Cal. The $5 piece dated IS6I which
' you possess was not coined in the Carson
' City Mint for the reason that the mint in
i that city was not established until 1563.
I If the piece was coined in a United States
' mint it doeß not command a premium
from dealers in coins. Such a piece sells
for $7 50 to $s 60. Quarter eagles were
coined in that year in the mints at Phila
delphia. New Orleans, Dahlonega, Ga.,
| ana Charlotte, N. C. .
ROYAL FLUSH AND STRAIGHT
FLUSH— M. D., City. The American
Hoyle gives the following definition of
j "royal flush" and "straight flush" in draw
1 poker: "A royal flush is a straight or se
; quence, all of the same suit, as ace, two,
three, four and five of diamonds."
"Straight flush— the same as royal flush."
On the subject of straights, sequence or
rotation, the same authority says: "These
are five cards following in regular order
of denomination, as ace, two, three, four
and five, and the cards may be of differ
ent suits; a straight will beat triplets. In
a straight the ace plays both ways, but its
value is different. When with the king
i queen, knave and ten it makes the highest
1 straight; when with the two, three, four
and rive, the lowest. In some coteries a
royal or straight flush outranks four cards
of the same denomination, but this, like,
j all other modifications not strictly legal,
i must be agreed upon before commencing
the game. It is strongly urged by some
players that the strongest hand at draw
poker should be a straight or royal flush,
i for the reason that it is more difficult to
i get than four of a kind, and removes from
! the game the objectionable feature of an
! invincible hand. It is impossible to tie
four aces or four kings and an ace, but It
is possible for four straight flushes of the
same value to be out in the same deal.
No K-pntleman would care to bet on a sure
i thing, and we therefore think that the
j straight flush should be adopted when
gentlemen play at the game."
A. Howard Gady, in a book on poker re-
I cently published, says: "The straight or
; royal flush is the highest of all hands. It
must consist of a sequence of five cards,
I all of the same suit. The value, of course'
I is determined after the same manner the
straight is, the higher or highest cards
winning."
Robert C. Schenck, in his world-re
nowned book on poker, says that the high
est hand in that game is "a sequence
flush— which is a sequence of five cards
; and all of the same suit."
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tb at Towneend's. «
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Volunteer Council.
Volunteer Council of the Order of P?n<3o
■will give a complimentary social enter
tainment ?o its friends in Albion Hall in
the Alcazar building next Wednesday
night. J
A
Telegram !
Los Angeles, Oct. 4, 1899.
Big Panoche 0:1 Co.,
San Francisco.
p laced order for rig with
McAfie.
H. E CORBETT.
Shares at $1.80 until the rig
is on the ground, then price goes
os 3 per share. Don't delay.
BIG PANOCHE OIL CO.,
Adams Building, 206 Seamy Si,
San Francisco.
PROSPECTUS FRBB.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Itching Burning Scaly
Blotchy Humors
Instantly Relieved
and Speedily Cured by
The itching and burning I suffered in my feet and limbs for three years
were terrible. At night they were worse and would keep me awake a
ITCHING £ reater Part of the night. I consulted doctor after doctor,
I IMRCI aS l was trave^ n c on the road most of my time, also one
UIITIDZ) of our c t y doctors. None of the doctor? knew what the
trouble was. I got a lot of the different samples of the medicines I had been
using. I found them of so many different kinds that I concluded I would
have to go to a Cincinnati hospital before I would get relief. I had fre-
quently been urged to try CUTICURA REMEDIES, but I had no faith in
them. My wife finally prevailed upon me to try them. Presto! What a
change! lam now cured, and it is a permanent cure. I feel like kicking
some doctor or myself for suffering three years when I could have used
CUTICURA remedies. ll.* JENKINS, Middleboro, Ky.
Speedy Cure Treatment
Bathe the affected parts with HOT water and CUTICURA SOAP to cleans*
the skin mid scalp of crusts and scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry
without hard rubbing, and apply CUTICURA Ointment freely, to allay itching,
irritation, and inflammation, mil soothe and heal, and lastly take CUTICURA
BE SOL VENT to cool and cleanse the blood.
This sweet and wholesome treatment affords Instant relief, permits rest and
pleep in the severest forms of eczema and other Itching, burning, and scaly
humors of the skin, ecalp, and blood, and points to a speedy, permanent, and
economical cure when all other remedies and even the best physicians fail.
Price. The Skt. $125; or. Soap Me . mevt, SX\, and Resolvent (hnlf size) DOp. Sold
thnuitfkout the worUI. Pottrr I r.ro and Cbeu. Corp., 6ole Props., Boston - Mass- "How to
Care Itching, Scaly Humors," mulled free. " ' ' *"
MISSED THE DOSE.
Hermann Bestfair Tries to Swallow
Chloroform.
Hermann Bestfair, 27 years of age and
a native of Holland, attempted suicide on
lha beach yesterday afternoon south of
the Oiympic pier. lie was in the act gf
swallowing a plentiful dose of chloroform
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"77" 1
A Home Remedy for
,. L _L _ 1
COLDS
In i very home there is usually a ren. ■ j
edy upon which the whole family de- I
pend—in most households this remedy I
is Dr. Humphreys' Specific "77" fox j
Colds and Grip— from the old folks to 1
the little tots, they all take "77" and !
with the siinio resultthe first dose re-
stores the checked circulation (in li-
cated by a chill or shiver), starts the
blood coursing through the veins and ;
jo "breaks up" the Cold. Always carry j
a vial of "77," it fits the vest pocket, j
A handy remedy la the stitch in time*, j
For fain by all <Iriißgists, or sent on re -tit I
of jirtce, &c ar.# $1 GO.
Humphreys' Homei-jiathlo M«dloln« Co., cor-i
nci William and Jolin Fts., New York.
I
Dr. K.L. Walsh,
■<!>*'*'-»i^. Eloli GEARV ST.. bet '
iTjßir^- if-rr* 1- . Hyde and Larkln.
ffssr • '^:m^lo2[~y Painless Extraction..
{ [ !► ." r ' J^ji7\ Crowns' ..'.'.'.'.".' sOc I
\.1.? i - m * fnl Crowm WU.oo
SI; f 5 T \\-)J^ Flesh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
••pecialty. ■ Havt received TEN Itrsl prizes for :
hit branch of dentistry. No Etudents. XI"
rears' . experience.
' 'Hirer Qreggains, who was passing
at Ih . .^hr sight uf him and pre
tten ted .. i<le.
•fair had been Indulging in a port
:;)i) ins statements w-r •
rent. He declared that ho
il;u not care to live because the only
■ \v;is not for him. A let -
und on his clothes, purporting to lie
m il to a <--irl Kittie. ;t waitress
In a Pacific street dive, waa full of rell
nn and many good-byes,
tfair was t-ik«n to tho Seal Rock
the patr >1 wagon was sum
• d In the City I'rison
drunki nness. He ■
ted Kittles *uldde the
• and reared that th* next time
she tried ...] succeed.
ST. FRANCIS' JUBILEE
WILL CONCLUDE TO-DAY
The golden Jubilee will close to-day with
solemn high mass at 11 o'clock a. m. and
vespers at 7:30 p. m. Rev. Father Valen
tine will be celebrant; Father Augustine,
sub-deacon; Father McDonnell, master of
ceremonies. Rev. Father Prendergast,
vicar general, will deliver the sermon..
The choir, under the direction of Mrs. A.
B. Collins, organist, will sing Haydn's
■'.Mass x i. 2"; soloists, Mrs. 15. F. Sides
Miss Viautan, Miss A. Devlin and Mr
Woodbridge. At rhe offertory Miss Maud
Fay will sing an "O Balutaris" with violin
obligate rendered by Miss ('.. Devlin. The
following- ladies and gentlemen will assist:
Miss M. Walsh. Miss S. Paredes, Mrs. Ma
honey, Mrs. Brusher, Miss A. Devlin
Ml McGivney, Ml l'aullison. Mian
Dowllng, Miss Martin, Miss Stevenot,
Miss Collins, Mrs. Hyde, Miss Brougham
Miss Foley. Miss Stevens, Mi! M. Foley
Mrs. Sheerln; Messrs. Anderson, Lane
Reilly, T. J. Walsh and T. B. Hllliard.
In the evening the choir will render La
Teal's vespers; soloists, Miss Walsh, Miss
Vlautan. Miss Parede3 and Messrs. T. J.
Walsh. T. U. Hilliard and A. F. Wood
bridge.
The sermon will be delivered by Rev.
Father Sasia. S. J.
The "Salve Reginfl." will be sung- by Mr.
Kerryl- Miss I' ll / Roeder and Miss Ella
McCloskey will sing "O Con Amoris," by
iRJga. At benediction Mrs. Sides will sing
"i > Salutarls," with violin obligato; "Tan
tum Ergo," by Rossi, will be «iven by St.
tFrancis choir. Directress, Mrs. A. B.
Collins; organist, Mr. Van Brunt.
\ ~—
I The Osages are probably the richest
people per capita in the world. Each one
cl them, man, woman and child, has 900
urea of good land and receives S5O from
tit Government four times a year. ; -, |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
GAS KILLED A
BEAUTIFUL GIRL
AS SHE SLEPT
She Was to Have Em-
barked for Mexico.
HER TRUNKS PACKED TO GO
Educated in the Academy of Notre
Dame, Santa Clara County,
and Reputed to Be
Wealthy.
Refuprin dp Batiz, a well-to-do Mexican
girl whose parents reside in Mexico, had
her clothes, books and other effects
packed last Friday night, ready to start
for Mexico, ai.d as she bade good night
to her sister, Mr?. Agostino Haas, she
that she would bo up early to go on
: the steamer Curacao with her and
Dr. Haas, her husband, to return to her
parents In Mexico.
She could not keep her word, for when
her sister called her yesterday morning: I
she was dead. A gas stopcock partly
turned on told the tale. The room was
filled with the fumes of the suffocating
vapor.
Coroner Hill visited the premises. 14191?
Washington street, and reported as the
result of his Inquiry that the girl had
been the victim of an accident. He al
lowed the body to remain at the house,
which Is the residence of Professor To
mio. with whom the dead girl and Dr.
Haas and her sister, Mrs. Haas, had been
staying. .  ,
Miss de Batiz was a native of Mexico.
24 years old. She was educated at the
Academy of Notre Dame, in Santa Clara
County, and returned to Mexico to live
with her parents after her graduation.
Last summer she came to this city for the |
purpose of perfecting herself In English
and to escape the heat of the Mexican
summer, and she, with Dr. and Mrs.
Haas, were to have left for her home on
the steamer Curacao yesterday.
The gasflxtures were in perfect order
and worked a little stiffly. It is not
known how the young woman could have
turned the gas on again after turning it
oft but the Coroner says that the de
ceased wrote a cheerful letter on the
night previous and that it contained no
expression that could be construed as j
hinting at suicide.
DEWEY STATUE WILL
GRACE UNION SQUARE
DESIGNS FOR MONUMENT ARE
SOLICITED.
Committee Has Decided That the Cost
of the City's Token Shall Not
Exceed Fifty Thousand
Dollars.
The beautiful statue of Admiral pewey i
t 0 be erected in San Francisco will graep ;
Union Square. This decision was made at
a meeting of the Dewey i imittee
held Friday afternoon In the office of
Mayor I'iieian. chairman of the commit-
Other important business in con
nection with the erection of the mottu
meni was also transacted ami th<> con
summation of the committee's arduous
labori seems to be close at hand.
The meeting of Friday was called to or
aer by Mayor Phelan. Of the members
of the committee there v. • >nt E.
;B. Pond, Claus Bpreckels, F. W. Van
: Sicklen, C. T-. Patton. Vanderlynn Stow,
C. 11. Murphy, Robert H. Fletcher and
Charlca Hlrsch. The first business trans
acted was the Issuance of an invitation
for designs for the monument. A commit
tee, consisting of Chairman Phelan, Sec
retary Fletcher and W. G. Stafford, was
appointed to take charge of the details
of Inviting the designs and this commit
tee has set a meeting for an early date.
One of me specifications to be included
j is that thi cost of the statue shall not bo
ceed $50 000. X was then decided that the
figure should be placed In Union Square.
The treasurer has been authorized to
commence tb< collection of subscriptions.
Souvenir receipts ate being prepared for
delivery to subscribers ana they will !>o
i ( ,f thi : •"' order. The committee
on subscriptions announced that the pros
■ for more and larger subscriptions
: : present more promising than
■ i ii was also M.;tfMl that
fully $40,000 waa Insured. The i ctual sub
tions to date amount to $31 094.
The following additional eifta were re
ported ut the meeting: Haa: Brothers
Itlonal), $400; J. Rosenfeld & Son
ttonal), ->i 10 ; Langley Michaels, $100;
1 Fireman's Fi-r^l [nsurance Company, $100;
Crocker-Woolworth Bank, $200; C. K.
Whitney & Co.. $100; K. B. Pond, $100;
Charles Bliss, $10.
Stabbed His Employer.
Joseph Smith, a contractor, residing at:
2935 Mission street, was treated by Dr.!
Stephens, an interne at the City and i
■ County Hospital, yesterday afternoon for j
three knife wounds which were inflicted
by John Gray, a man who had been em
ployed by Smith. The trouble arose
about quitting time, when Smith request
ed Gray to remove pomp rubbish whjco
had been Ing about the sewer in which
they were at work on Potrero avenue and
Twenty-fourth street.
Out of this altercation camo the stab- |
bing, in which Gray plunged a large-sized i
pocket-knife into the abdomen of his ad- i
versary. Not content with one cut two
more were inflicted, one In the right jaw !
and the other In the right thigh, jho
wound in the abdomen is considered very
serious by Dr. Stephens, as it penetrated
the liver and required seven stitches.
This with eight more, which were neces- ;
sary to close the other two outs, will j
keep Smith under the doctor's care for '
some time to come: Gray was arrested on
Seventeenth street at 7 o'clock last. night
and charged with an assault with intent
to commit murder.
SOLDIER SHOOTS
A COMRADE AT
ANGEL ISLAND
Result of an Old Ken-
tucky Feud.
TWO BULLETS TAKE EFFECT
Quarantine of Thirty-First Infantry
Will Be Raised To-Morrow, but
the Regiment Will Remain
in Its Present Camp.
Two soldiers of the Thirty-first Volun
teer Infantry became involved in a shoot
ing affair in the camp at Angel Island
yesterday morning, in consequence of
which one is lying in the regimental hos
pital badly wounded, while the other is in
i the guardhouse. The belligerent privates
; are said to belong to the notorious Hat
, field and McCoy families of Kentucky, be
tween which a bloody feud has raged for
the last twenty years.
When the regiment arrived in San Fran
cisco the fact that members of these fac
tions were serving In the same regiment
was published, but at the same time the
I statement was made that they had agreed
i to bury their differences while wearing
I Uncle Sam's uniform and to satisfy their
desire for fighting by chastising the Fili
plnos. If appears, however, , that the
quiet of Angel Island, where the regiment
has been quarantined almost ever since
its arrival on the coast, was too trying
to the nerves of the fiery Ken tuck fans,
and yesterday they quarreled. They were
separated, but a little later one, a mem
ber of Company K. observed his enemy
examining his gun. He at once jumped to \
the conclusion that, it was either shoot or
get shot, and ho rushed to his tont for his j
I Krag-Jorgensen. Having secured his !
weapon, he returned and at once opened I
fire.
At the first shot the bullet passed
through the arm of the soldier with whom ,
the Company X man had quarreled. As I
the victim turned, us though to return the i
ilre, another bullet from the Krag-Jorg- '
enson struck him in the leg and brought
him to earth. This ended the light. The. !
wounded man, who is a member of Com
pany I, was removed to the hospital, I
where an examination showed that his i
: wounds are serious but not necessarily
fatal. His assailant was promptly placed
under arrest, and will probably spend a
few years at Alcatraz, even though his'
victim should recover.
The quarantine of the Thirty-first Regl
ment will be raised on Monday, but the '
! regiment will probably be detained at
i Angel Island until ordered aboard the I
i transport for Manila ten days hence.
! About ten privates who are still suffering !
i from a mild form of smallpox will, of I
course, be kept Isolated from their com
rades until they have entirely recovered.
The volunteer camps at the Presidio j
have a decidedly desolate appearance just
now. With the exception of the Montana I
Regiment, which occupies a camp on the
hillside Just south of the railroad track
the Twenty-eighth Regiment of Volun
teers, which is encamped on the other i
gmwwwmnrmiiFwnFmwwwwwwwflrnnffiiFiiFwnFiif^^
4 »»»»>♦♦♦ ♦ ♦♦♦-«..»^. > .. > . ,.»♦»«.»»»«.««»•«»»«• -•-♦-•-• •••♦••♦•••••••••♦••••-•--•-••••••••^♦♦♦••»>«»»-»--»- >>> ,, < x :^
I - _. .. ji
*^*"~ ♦ W^b plff fiQft Sbß H HI H| ■f^A S^^^Bs HH El Jppf r^ EJj 8 I fl^^^V JPim y _^0
**~ Sklm 4r?Eal ■BrSi BBbm mMj 83 wn •« D - ''- J 9mK MB Ifi nft I
. * Hi ttH £n Bl iw jjH B0t& Sv Sral HB &jq jQ HH uB >-<* KB bM Bl (hB X] iK^Haa* I <#V
*f '^sSjt KB Jflt i^h Bo Wi »m irTii ajn ffjl Wj HB Bh qji ■ affli ks HI H 98 HvS^Ek RES
♦ i
g>;n I —^^^_^ * For thirty years I have been showing men the road to strength. I have demon- } 3
£^ I v^liiiliii^ strated a natural remedy to be the true remedy. I have made a specialty of weak- J 3
JE " fiw**'^*^^®?^^. nesses of men which result from youthful indiscretions or later excesses, such as ♦ 3
£:: j JpT |h Drains, Impolency, Nervous Debility, Yaricocele. etc. I could not give you as good ♦ 3
£' §M&* :< &-- w^i service as some doctors in fevers or pneumonia or smallpox. Of course I studied the * 3
£ * Wf^ '^S^> %MB subjects, but this is a day of specialties. \
£ ♦ | / " oiwl I know the nervous and glandular system of men. That's my strong card, 1 treat I 3
j^ ' : m $$r^\ (£s& weak me - n ' and weak men only. In the beginning let me say I use no drugs. When - 3
g;: . jM^^^ Wm&P I take your money 1 want to give you value in return. 1 couldn't do that and give you !! 3
*'■ Si^ J0&lr drugs for weakness, because they never cure they only stimulate. They give "quick" !! 3
£ J vS^^ ;3=^^^wS^ results, but you fall back into the same old condition, maybe a worse one. . :; 3
£ • JfF/i^\ 'am the inventor of c t 3
i.|//v y / DR.SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT l|
£I! •/ / / y^ / With suspensory, now known and used throughout the world. This appliance embodies \\ 3
£ ! if / the best efforts of my thirty years' experience as a specialist, and is protected by ; 3
H { ' ' corrrtiaHTED. . United States and foreign patents. Beware of imitations. There is no genuine ;; 3
gt ♦ r f Electric Belt but THE SANDEN. You put it on when you go to bed at night and take j 3
£ ;; It off next morning. Keep this up for two or three months. It will make you a sound, strong man. It is applied so a soothing { 3
£ ♦ current will flow through kidneys, liver, stomach, prostate gland, blad:'er and other organs. Electricity instantly felt, though ♦ 3
ZL t under control of user by turning little regulator screw. Over 6000 cures last year. Write for | 3
1 1 FREE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," i; |
£= || •//"• Which explains all, sent in plain sealed envelope. All letters answered by ! 3
£ || me personally. All advice free. WRITE TO-DAY to address given below : ♦ 3-
1 1 DR. T. A. SAN DEN , /s THitTiJ zSTFxEzIzT, ! 1
gj- .I. Jjj^JS' a 0 Ma Mm.U Mm.M. v maaasr Maxsd AW M s>l/v cal. \-g
SZ . » . Office Hours— 9 to 6; Sundays, 11 to 1. I -^
5-- " ?S:'- 3 r.^ ■ , . ' , • . ♦ . —^§
TiiUiUiU JUiUiUiUiUiUiUiUiUiUiU JUiUlttittiUiUiUiUiUiUiUiUf iUiUiUUIiUiUiU iUiitiUiU JUJiiiUiUilliUiU iiiittiUiU JUiUES
OUR NAME A HOUSEHOLD WORD.
UUII liniflL fl lIUUULIIULU fffUltUe
It is with a feeling of pardonable pride and increasing satisfaction that we view the progress of our
name resistlessly and by mere force of honesty implanting itself in the homes and hearts of San Francisco's
thrifty housekeepers. We can sell Furniture, Carpets and Draperies at much lower prices than our competi-
tors, because our operating expenses are about one-half what downtown heavily rented stores must have.
CARPETS.
V->x\lVl M ■* £. kuTr •
Here the summit of beauty, workmanship, quality and art has been attained, and our guiding principle of hold-
ing down prices is still sustained and practiced.
Note a F^ow of the Follow/Ing Specials:
Fine Wilton Velvet Carpets, in sump- (h •% f\£\ Moquette Carpets, finest quality, and &% f\ >■*
tuous designs and novel colorings. Per.^l llf I exquisite designs and harmonious colorings, tfti.l/c)
yard v+»*»v^v^ Price, per yard v^i.vJ*^
A Good Velvet Carpet of great durabll- Is£?r* A splendid Brussels Carpet of latest col- mmt mt
ity and effect. Price VJtrw orings and effects, guaranteed to wear and ir>e^C
Tapestry Brussels Carpet, regular 90c Qf)C « ive & eneral satisfaction - Price, per yard...
value. Price OvfW All-Wool Ingrain Carpets, finest quality and new and
Half- Wool Ingrain Carpets, 15 styles f\ beautiful designs. Positively the cheapest /■» *•
from which to select, good quality and •>■ IC and most serviceable Carpet ever put on llrtC
stylish designs. Price uvv the market. Price V^«-rw
Mil Carpets Made, Laid and Lined F*R.EE.
yMte^ |p^j I Special | SIDEBOARDS and
jgSßlrj V value CHINA CLOSETS.
ESilffiiw yU=aJi sT * or uniNA uluolloi
Solid Oak Bedroom Suit, finely finished \ „,  j£Y- '^SH^jS^r'- ■^— V
and neatly carved, large plate-glass mlr- , Clothes- 'pw'BWMg"gi|,^ t " ~vf
tot in dresser; solidly £> -f /> errv A Tree, V.l. ~- : ST '.' *i '
constructed. Others' price JS I W~% • *>" 1 . At. " f"B"". l """"W""'- ll 'l i "" nm
122 00. Our price :..... *P*VJ j m either *' . ,-_ .- rmm \i \
Massive Bedroom Suit, in quarter-sawed 3 - 0 1 IJSmS IT Sia^^J V ;
oak or mahogany, highly rubbed and pol- T OaK or T ' [1 . t \ «■■
ished, handsomely carved, full swell t, Mahos-anv 7 iLf""'. a--^*— =3 '
front, large French beveled-edge mir- & -, • -v 5 y ■ 15^^.>v' "®"
ror in dresser; this <t> c* »— - err* $ finish, f'' T "Tiillkji' — J
suit Is worth $50 00. Our JS»f /.OU I 0 worth a^ >
Price V** % i <52 OO 1 S^
' £<% «?*-w, Large Sideboard of Solid Oak - neatly
St-OVfiS /^.Tld "R/^,Tlo*fiß >/l, wlth^Vge ce y mirror e fn $18 #50
KJli\J\ \JK3 CI/11U. JLLU/IIgUD jfjj -v^ top; worth $25. Our price.. V**-'
The Greatest Bargains in the City. &£}< \ \'\y A A Another offering of unprecedented value
/i/ \ II 11/^ is a large Quarter-Sawed Oak Sideboard.
ft if \\ #llLv superbly carved and finished, either in
f^\ /fat LfJIF \\ W# I full swell or serpentine front. Extra
yK?& Vis t*.°^ '^Ov large French beveled- /Jvqa Krt
X^*^' fl£**G>«r'»i «l»«x C- • edge mirror; regular JH»l^£ #O "
yTl\& *^&T^& fWI price $40 00. Our price «-*-"■«
ttxSMm^ METALLIC BEDSTEADS.
Vfl jlß|Sfs^ji|f 1 CONTINUING OUR SPECIAL OFFER IN IRON AND
Jjj 1 I3s4^}i--^ =r;:3r ' yi ' m BRASS BEDS.
A ¥ m White Enameled Iron Beds, upright rods, brass top mounts fI!K Oft
Ihi +JP^KJ&&^i-~ Rft -choice of three sizes W»\J\J
L&ask 1/^ /ri'^nSßl White Enameled Iron Beds with brass rods, spindles and ring, CO AA
**& Cssnlllw\s&& bow foot nd— choice of sizes «UCS»VFvr
' ~**^<r ''" BRASS BEDS— AII-Brass Beds, neat and substantial, full CIC C*fl
tf>^< r»r^ Has duplex grate, large Inch pillars ° lO>OU
JikMI.UU square oven; a great fuel COMFORTERS — Silkoline covered White Cotton Filled C|| QC 9. 01 CC\
\y ■** * _ saver. I Comforts— large size, choice colorings, nicely made, at fIiUJ Oil OliuU
PATTnQIPM'Q FURNITURE l©th aim Mission Sts.
Ft I ' I IJyiLil 0 STORES,,.,, Victory Theater Building, San Jose.
side of the ridge, and an incomplete bat
talion of the Fortieth Regiment, there are
no volunteers on the reservation. The
Washington volunteers are hourly ex>
pected fn>m the Philippines, however, and
they will be closely followed by the Kan
sas, the Tennessee and lowa regiments.
General Shafter accompanied Governor
Rogers of Washington and Governor
Stanley of Kansas on a visit to the battle
ship lowa yesterday afternoon.
The South Dakota volunteers, who were
mustered out several days ago, will de
part for their homes on a special train at
5 o'clock this afternoon. The discharged
soldiers may secure their tickets at the
Northern Pacific office. 63S Market street,
at !• o'clock this morning.
There Will be no promotions in the Mon
tana Regiment as the result of Colonel
Kessler being appointed a brigadier gen
eral. Colonel Kessler is a brevet briga
dier, but still remains colonel of his regi
ment.
"Keith's." Keith's" millinery. "Keith's."
"Keith's." *
Divorce Suits Filed.
Ramon Merel has sued Annie Merel for
a divorce, alleging desertion as a cause
of action. I/illie Mehler complains that
her husband. Max Mehler, has treated her
in a cruel manner, and she asks for a di
vorce on that ground.
MISCELLANEOUS.
BEBEKAH ENTERTAINMENTS.
A Bloomer Drill by Templar Lodge
Members — California Lodge
Social.
There was a large audience last night in
Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing to enjoy the entertainment given by
Templar Rebekah Lodge. The principal
feature of the evening whs the bloomer
drill by members of the lodge. It was ex
pected that the ladies would appear in
bloomers, but instead they were them
selves bloomers, being covered with living
Mowers. The deception w;:s forgiven
when the yuung ladies went through a
pretty drill and ?ang a chorus. Thrre
was in addition a yn'Lnnninie of Bongs,
recitations and a caJcewalk by three
couples, the participants being Mrs. Win
nie -M. Dowle, Lolly Phillipß, Miss Cook.
Bertha Baker, J. L. Whittemore, F. Far
rell. Lilias Phillips and Master Thomas.
Then followed a dance. The affair was
under the direction of Mrs. Mary Thomas.
Mrs. Julia Dreese, .Mrs. W. M. Dowle.
Frederick Parker and Frank Carson.
California Rebekah Lodge gave its post
poned fish pond party in its hall in the
Odd Fellows' building last evening, and
the members were gratified to b< ■
many of their friends present to enjoy
the programme that had been prepared.
There were a number of interesting num
hers presented by H. McColle, Hazel
Kochman, Milton T^evin. Goldie Harris,
M. Ramisen and Lyle Kenst. The. t»ro
grramnie was followed by a dance. The
noble grand, rauline Harris. Sarah Har
ris. Belie Schule, Mr~. Reed and Mrs.
Homier were the committee on entertain
ment.
Entertainment for St. Ag-nes Parish.
At the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Fadden, 1030 Haight street, next Wednes
day evening, an entertainment will be
given for the benefit of Father Kirby's
church in Masonic avenue. The pro
gramme of exercises as arranged will con
sist of literary and musical productions,
which will also be interspersed with a
minstrel performance. W. J. Hynes will
have charge of the programme" Experi
enced and well-known artists have vol
unteered their services for the evening.
While those who attend the entertainment
will enjoy a pleasant evening's amuse
ment they will at the same time assist
a worthy cause. Mrs. McFadden, to
gether with Mrs. P. J. Harney and Mrs.
John J. O'Brien, have worked indefati
gably in making every arrangement look-
Ing to its sui ' •
In the first seven months of 1899 Eng
land imported from the United States
$2,397,653 more silver than in IS9B and
France $686,436 more.
78
Idest
RECORDS ARE
BROKEN BY
SCHOOLBOYS
Sensational Performances at
Academic Athletic League
Championship Meeting.
The athletes of >.:.« Oakland High School
again asserted their supremacy on field
and rath yesterday on Berkeley Oval by
scoring the greatest number of points in
the eleventh semi-annual field day of tho
Academic Athletic League. Representa
tives of the school won the quarter-mile
and mile runs, the high jirmp and the re
lay race. Throughout the afternoon the
athletes from Uklah held first place. They
had no men for the relay race, however,
and were compelled to stand idly by at
the last moment and see the championship
which they won at the spring meeting
■wrests from them.
The contests were all spirited ones, be- |
ing bitterly contested from start to finish. ;
Two new stars were developed In Stephen '
Asblll, Lowell High School, and Robert i
Thomas, Uklah High School. The former !
■won the classic "hundred" and the 220
-yard sprints, while Thomas had no com
petitor capable of making him extend j
himself In the 120 and 220 hurdles. He j
ran the shorter distance in 16 1-5 sec- ;
onds, as against the former record of
17 1-6. He • ran the 220 In 27 3-5, taking
a fifth of a second off the record. Had |
he been pressed in competition he would
have reduced the time in both races ma
terially. ;V
Asbill gives promise of developing Into
a great sprinter. He has immense i
etrength and a big, open stride by which
he covers a lot of ground. His home is
in I^ake County, but he is attending
Lowell High School in this city. Up to a
week ago lie was training with the foot
ball team of the school. He then dropped
this heavy work and was given a hasty
preparation for the spjint racing.
Tlie fourth academic record of the day
fell to Irwln; Berkeley High School. He
clean 10 feet, tf?* inches in the pole vault,
the former record being 10 feet 3% inches.
This is not a full measure of Ms ability,
as he has done much better in practice.
Both the distance runs provided desper
ate struggles in the last lap. In the half j
mile Heaiey of Petaluma went out as i
though to make a runaway win of it. He
led by ten lengths the ■:: st lap, maintain,
ing this advantage until the beginning
of the last lap. Graves began to cut down
his lead gradually and they rounded into
the finishing straight together. They ran
Etrlde for stride toward the tape, but the
terrific pace told on Heaiey near the end.
He faltered ten yards from homo and
fairly staggered over the finishing line. I
Graves winning a clever race. The mile
was almost a repetition of this except
that four men were struggling to catch
the judges' eyes.
The spectators, the majority of whom
were students, in the various schools,
knr\v the re-lay race was the decisive
ev^nt on the programme. Upon its out
come depended the first three positions
in the table of points. The representa
tives of the Oakland High School took
the lead from the start and try as they
would their opponents could not gel near
them. The Berkeley foothills resounded
with the mad cheering of the students
from the start of the race to its finish.
After It was over the blue colors of Oak
land High School were; cast to th.j breeze
while the athletes who carried them to
victory' were carried off the field In tri
umph.
The day was a trifle warm for severe
competition, but the athletes were able j
to sit about in their abbreviated oosl Limes
without Inconvenience. The attendance
was chiefly made up of young people who
ntti-nd the high schools. John Elliott
made an efficient referee, running off the
track events in good time. Herbert
Hauser, chairman of the committee in
charge of the field day, was congratulated i
on all sid^s on its success. The score of
points before and after the relay race Is
us follows:
-
IBel :•■ After
CONTESTANT. ! relay, relay.
Oakland ii- School 26 36
Vkiah Hieh School 32 32
Berkeley High School IS 24
I'etalumfi Hiuh School 15 15
Jewell High School 10 12
I'olytechnlc Hiph School 12 12
Central High School 3 3_
The results of the meeting in detail fol
low;
100-yard dart— heat won by Jacobs, P.
H. S. : lonl. S. H. S., B»cond; time, 11 seconds.
Second heat won by Jacobus, O. H. S. ; Hagans, |
XJ. H. 6.,' second; time, 11 seconds. Third heat
won by Afiblll. L. H. S. ; Spenoe, O. H. 8., sec
ond; time, :10 3-5. Final heat won by Stephen >
Asbill. L H. S. ; Jacobs, P. H. 8., second;
Jacobus, O. H. S., third; time. :1O 3-5. Equals j
«.cndeniic record.
22 ; ">-yard da;«h— First heat won by Jacobs, P.
H. S. ; Asbill, 1,. H. S., Bee nd; time, 25 sec
onds. Second boat won by Wllcox, O. H. P. ;
Holman, U. 11. S.™ 8.-eond; time, :24 35. Final
heat won by Stephen Asbill, L. H. S. : second,
Jacobs, O. 11. S., and third, Wllcox, O. H. S. ;
time. :24 2-5.
QuarttT-mlle dash — by Llpda, O. H. S.; i
Hnlnian. U. 11. 9., second, and Cheek, O. H. S.
third; time, :C3 3-5.
Half-mile run— "R on by Graves, P. H. S. ;
Heaiey, Petaluma High School, second, and:
Braille, O. H. S.. third; time 2:10 2-5.
Mile run— by dough, O. H. S. ; Wyckoft,
V. H. 8.. second, and Dobbins, B. H. S., third;
time. 5.02 4-5.
Mile walk— Won by Park, Petaluma High !
School; McKee, B. H. s . second, and Rodders !
P. H. P., third; time, S:O3 1-5.
120-yard nurd!*— First heat won by R. Thomas '
U. H. 6.; second, Bowles, Petaluma High i
School : time, :1" (record). Second heat won by
Hendrlckson, C. H. s.; Craig-, L. H. 8., second;
time, 18. Final heat won by Robert Thomas, '
V. H. B.; Hendrickaoa second; time, :16 1-5
(academic record).
220- yard hurdle First heat won by Thomas. '
V. H. B.; Groom, S. H. S., second; time, :29 2-5 |
Becond lu-at won by Irwin, B.H. S. ; Sturtevanti '
U. H. S.. second; time. :29. Final heat won by
Robert Thomas, U. H. S. ; Kruschke, B. H. B.
second, and Jrwin. B. H. S.. third; time, :27 3-5
(academic record).
Onr> mile relay— Won by Oakland High
School; Berkeley High School second, and Low
ell High School third.
Pole vault— Won by Irwln, B. H. S., height
30 fwt 6 7 » Inches (academic record); It. Thomas, j
U. H. S., second. • i
Hlßh jump— Won by Cooloy, O. H. S., height ;
6 feet »v Inches; Cheek. O. H. X., second; Fin- i
re. U. H. S., third.
12-pound hammer throw — Won by Nuckolls, !
TJ. 11. S., Lance 138 feet 5 Inches; Weller U
H. S., third.
Running broad Jump— Won by Costello, Pet
alutna High School, distance 20 feet I>4 inches; I
Weller. U. H. S., second, and Bowles, Peta- '
luma High School, third.
Putting 13-i.ound shot— Won by Volz, B. H.
B.; LlKila. O. H. S.. second, and Weller, U. H.
6., third; distance 44 feet
Neill and Green Matched.
A! Kofll ar.d George Green have been
matched by th» National Athletic Club
for a 20-round boxing l)nut on Xovenii-r-r
ed the decision at their
la.>=t meeting. Since then (Jreen has been
en^ror for .inothor match.
ILL in ISIHI nuilL \j
?) We Carefully Treat [h
y and Fill Without Pain 11
I Painless Extraction by Electricity, Gas or Chloroform. / J
\ \ Pure Gold Fillings from $1.00 up.
\ Plates That Fit from $4.00 up. '
N \ To Soldiers 25 Per Cent Discount.
\ DR. T. S. HIG6INS' DENTAL PARLORS, v
1 Over Cafe Zinkand. 927 Market St. \
jCatejt i/iecorcia 97fade in the 3*ield of Sport
HIGH SCHOOL BOYS PERFORM WELL AS SPRINTERS AND HURDLERS.
THE eleventh semi-annual championship field day of the Academic Athletic L*agrue was held
yesterday on the grounds of the University of California. Two new athletic wonders were
developed in Stephen Asbill of L,owell High School and Robert Thomas of Uklah. The
former won the hundred yard dash and the 220, while the latter proved the greatest
hurdler that ever performed at an Academic League championship meeting. He ran both
SMART SET
AT OAKLAND
GOT WARPED
Five Sturdy Chciccs Crushed.
May W Fast as a Ghost.
Southern Girl's Debut.
Xot unlike stars of the thpatrical -world,
the first appearance on the local turf this
id of May W, as well as the Call
fornia debut of the fast filly Southern
Girl, was the occasion for a large out
pouring uf racegoers to Oakland yester
day. Both of the equine performers men
tioned wore returned winners, but the
talent suffered some severe reverses dur
, ins the afternoon. Monrovia, Humidity,
■ ante, Horton and Alaria, all pro
nounced choices in the ring, were rocked |
in the cradle of defeat. Money there was ;
in abundance In the ring, and the layers j
of odda enjoyed a prosperous day of it.
The win of the Calgary wonder, M y
W, was the most sensational of the card, j
Whenever she starts an air of deep mys
tery seems to permeate the air, arid
day's race was no exception. May
started In the fourth event, over a mile,
for which Rosinante was a piping hot
choice. Many Inquiries were made as to
the Calgary mare's condition, and reports
were conflicting. On the level, though, it
Id she stepped a mile at Oakland
some weeks ago in 1:40 flat- That she was
fit and ready her race demonstrated..
Heavily played at 9 to 5, T. Walsh, who
had the leg up, sailed away in the lead,
and. catching a land breeze at the stretch
turn, blew in by herself, a length bo-
Core Morinel, in 1:40%. The favorite grew
dizzy trying to catch the flying leader,
finishing an ordinary third. Keolia.
i somewhat out of her class, ran a good
th.
Southern Girl, one of the stars of tho
Burns & Waterhouse stable, made her
j initial bow in the second chapter, a five
furlong sprint for two-year-olds. Bogus
j Bill looked the most likely of those op
posed to her, and the ring held the filly
!a 1 to 4 chance. Getting away from tho
post lirst, the odds-on choice early placed
daylight between herself and the field,
winning eased up. Bogus Bill was ridden
1 out to down The Scot for second place.
The first severe rebuff the crowd re
ceived was when, in the opening mile-and
' a-sixteenth selling affair. Snips, a well
■ turned Fellowcharm mare, turned down
Monrovia, the extensively backed 4 to 5
: favorite. Meadowiark, with the first
choice in close waiting, cut out the pace
i to the stretch, with Snips In fourth posl
j tion under wraps. Headed for the wire
I Buchanan on the last named entry gave
! the mare her head and she won cleverly
by a length. The favorite was second,
about the same distance in front of Mead
owiark.
At the close price of 1 to 8 Humidity
let the short-end players down with a
''- thud In the third event, a seven-furiong
jaunt. The filly acted sour and muleish
at the post, and after leading into the
stretch went all to pieces, finishing In
; the show. Anchored, a 10 to 1 shot, per
] fectly ridden by Postel, disposed of
| Faversham by a neck. The latter should
'■ have won.
Bookmaker John Humphrey's filly, Mid
' lty. scored a pronounced hit in the six
' furlong handicap. Her price was forced
1 down from threes to 7 to 5, but toward
| post time, as the coin went in on Horton,
the favorite, her odds went to 2. She'was
in front almost from the jump and won |
with considerable to spare in 1:14 flat.
Frawley on Horton managed to get cut
off a couple of times and was probably
fortunate to lead Loving Cup out for the
place. At the first false breakaway Bam
boulia, coupled In the betting with Olin
thus, ran away with little Johnson, which
trick he later repeated and was eventually
left at the post.
The closest finish of the day occurred
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
in the final race of the afternoon, a six
furlong spin, decided under selling con
ditions. Sorrow getting the verdict from
Chihuahua the last stride by a nosi\ I
Don't Know sifted along in 'front to tha
bend for home, where he took his seat,
and the brace of sprinters named fought
it out. Fauntleroy, astride the favorite,
Alaria, managed to get himself beauti
fully cut off and pocketed as the far turn
waa neared, ceasing to be a factor there
after.
Track Notes.
At the conclusion of the coming 1 ww>k's
racing- no purse offered will be under $300,
and they will be Increased in value as the
season ages.
A now event to be called the Burlln
■ game Clul> cup has been added to the an
-1 nual list of stakes to be contested for at
j the track across the bay. The distance
■will be one mile, hdrses to be drawn by
lot and ridden by mr-mbers of the Burlin
, game Club. It will bo a high welter
j weight handicap, the minimum weight be
i ins 140 pounds. The entry of any bad
i actor will not bo received. In addition to
a 8600 purse, which goes to tho owner of
tlit: lirst horse, the California Jockey
] Club will present the successful rider with
' a handsome silver trophy. Saturday, Oc
! tober 21. is the date set for its lirst de
j ciding.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Saturday, October 7, 1899.— TMrteenth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine,
Track fast.
the low hurdles and the high hurdles in better than recod time. Neither of the boys was ex
tended In his races, winning handily.
The championship was won by Oakland High School, although its representatives were closely
pressed by a lime group of high-class performers from the High School of Ukiah, Mendocino
County.
WARRING
FACTIONS
AT PEACE
Oakland, Ingleside and West
ern Turf Associations
Arrange Dates.
The war clouds have disappeared from
the local racing horizon. The "peace
committee" from the American Turf Con
gress, comprised of Captain J. H. Recs
and "W. IT- Shulte, yesterday brought
about an amicable understanding be
tween the California Jockey Club, the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club and the new
Western Turf Association, whose plant
at South San Francisco i 3 now in course
of construction.
The knotty problem, which nearly pre
cipitated a war, was the refusal of the
California Jockey Club to exchange an
equal division of dates with the Western
Turf Association and the Ingleside Asso
ciation as well, it being claimed that the
controlling powers in each were Identi
cal In order to fortify itself for the im
pending conflict the California Jockey
Hub threw open to the public the gates
c*f its Oakland track on September 23, an
nouncing at the time that racing would
be continued without cessation until
May, 1900. This brought matters to a
risl iS? nd at a meeting of the American
Turf Congress, held in Chicago in Sep
tember, an effort was made to outlaw the
Oakland track. The motion was tabled,
and as a last effort to bring about peace
a committee was appointed to visit Cali
fornia and try and bring about an ad
justment of the points in debate that
would be satisfactory to all parties con
cerned.
After two or three gatherings at which
nothing was accomplished, the confer
ence met yesterday and the threatened
clash has been averted. The California
Jockey Club was represented by Thomas
11. Williams Jr., the Pacific Coast Jockey
Uub and Western Turf Association by
Henry Croclwr. Captain Rees and W. P.
Sehulte were of course the mediators
T nder the terms of a contract drawn up
and signed, the life of which Is for a te rm
of five years, the California Jockey Club
will get 5u per cent of the racing dates
that may in future be agreed upon, and
the Ingleside and Western Turf associa
tions the other 50 per cent. In the in
terim elapsing before the opening of
Tanforan Park, the date for which has
been set November 5, the racing will con
tinue at Oakland track, Mr. Williams re
fusing to close as he considered It would
work a hardship on the horsemen now
t DR. MEYERS & CO. CURE Lost Vigor. Premature Decay. Un- %
V natural Losses, Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rupture, %
<§> Tumors, Varicocele, Private Diseases, Eczema, Cancer, Sleeplessness, 4
4 Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Kidney Diseases, Bladcer Diseases, Spine %
q> Diseases, Liver Diseases, Heart Diseases, Blood Diseases, Skin 4
<> . Diseases, Stomach Diseases, Eye Diseases, Ear Diseases, Lung Diseases, %
X • Rectal Diseases. <|
4 Far more than eighteen years DR. MEYERS & CO. have %
% been successful in curing and strengthening men. They arc 4
4 known far and near as "The Old, Reliable. Time Tried 2
T Specialists." They have built up- the largest practice In <£
■& America by curing their patients. a
| DR. MEYERS & CO. have their own private laboratory, <|
<|> stocked with the best, most effective and purest remedies x
T which money can buy and rare Judgment select. They make £
X no charge for medicines or appliances. i
I NO PAY TILL CURED. 1
<| Patients may either place the money in a bank, payable to %
% DR. MEYERS & CO. after cure ts effected, or may pay in- %
% monthly installments. Prices reasonable alike to rich and X
<? poor. Consultation and advice, also private Book, free at $
|> office or by mail. ¥
■f FREE BOOK— CURES-If you cannot call, write for prt- S
? vate book, diagnosis sheet, free advice, prices and other particulars <>
X Thousands of men cured every year who have never seen the doctors
<?> Consultation free. All correspondence confidential. No printing on :
♦ envelopes or packages to indicate name of sender. <$>
$ DR. MEYERS & CO. treat nothing but diseases and weakness of ♦
<k men. They have the largest and best equipped medical Institute and X
the most extensive practice In America, T
DR. MEYERS & CO.
A STAFF OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED 18 YEARS.
O 1 Market Street, I elevator Hours-stoSDaiiy.
■ #-.wtl - : San Francisco. ENTRANCE. Ivcnfn^-V^ X i
■.-.■■ • ... .; ; .CTeninjcs— 7 to 8.
Sast <
c
raping.
Having accomplished their mission, Mr.
Sohulte and Captain Rees departed for
Louisville, Ky., last evening. The latter
turfman will preside in the stand at the
New Orleans winter meeting. An effort
tvas made to get him for Tanforan Park
without success, and it is now said J. J.
Burke will fill that position.
ASSOCIATION FOOTHALLERS.
Officers Have Been Elected and
Matches Arranged for the
Coming Season.
The association football players are pre
paring for the coming season. At a meet-
Ing held recently the following officers
■were elected: James S. Webster, presi
dent;^'. S. McGavin and George Theo
bald, vice presidents; J. D. Robertson,
secretary and treasurer; John McGaw,
captain; H. C. Casidy, vice captain; John
McGaw, H. C. Casidy, J. D. Robertson,
G. T. S. White and C. P. Coles, members
of executive committee.
It is expected the upp of the Presidio
athletic ground can be secured for both
practice and match games. An invitation
has been received to visit Keswick. Shasta
County, and play a match against the
local team on Thanksgiving day. Games
will be played against the Oakland Wan
derers, vaptained by Douglas Erskine,
and against the Mercantile Marine.
For More Sports See Page Nine.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BETTER THAN THE KNIFE.
Pyramid Pile Cure Cures Piles Quick-
ly, Painlessly, Without Danger.
People go along for years, suffering with
piles. They try this, and that, and th«
other thing:, from carrying- a buckeye to
getting treatment from a physician. They
obtain temporary relief maybe, but they
are never quite cured. A little strain in
lifting, excessive fatigue, a little consti-
pation, or a little diarrhea, and the piles
come back.
They don't seem to amount to much,
but they banish sleep and appetite No
position Is comfortable. There is intense
local pain and that dreadful, agonizing
feeling of weight in the perineum.
Maybe in the early stages some of the
many salves on sale will afford tempor-
ary relief. If the case is of long standing
there is only one speedy and sure remedy.
It is Pyramid Pile Cure. Even in light
cases it is the safest thing to use. Other
applications may cure and may not. Py-
ramid Cure Is always certain, always re-
liable, always brings comfort at once. It*
prompt use saves months of severe suf-
fering. In extreme cases it will save
surgical operations and their attendant
dangers and comforts. It is better than
a knife. Will cure easier, quicker and
safer. Thousands have used it. Thou-
sands have been cured by it. The cost
is trifling compared with what it does.
The price is one dollar. Most anybody
would gladly pay ten dollars to be rid of
piles.
Druggists sell Pyramid Pile Cure. If
yours hasn't it, he will get it for' you from
the Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall, Mich.,
sole manufacturers.
FyrnitureiCarpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs la
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc.
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing.
Liberal credit extended to responsible parties.
Inspection of stock cordially Invited. Fre«
delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
ARONSON FURNITURE COMPANY,
338=340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL,
Opposite Union Square.
Telephone Main 1850.
Buswell Paint Co.
Manufacturers
Sent Free A_ , .... ,, _\ {^"H 00
Money Back If vfej^jj^jSigEfiff I *$ Bl""
youdon-tlikeit 1 #f!is!|? \ PER CAL.
J lO ' 716 '&ms£sJß& Market St.
Broadway IZ^^^^T^- - San
Oakland Francisco
If your painter or dealer can not furnish the
BUSWELL PAINTS
SEND DIRECT TO US
4 visit DR- JORDAN'S great
(MUSEUM of fiHSTGMY#
£ £* 1051 UA22ST ST. M. 6AA7th. S.r.fcL i
\ Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
B — -jjft?»» World. W e.iknef.ses or any contracted &
» jSjr 555 disease pi ilHti Ij cared tiy the oldest T
9 #Ssal Specialist i- u the Coast 36 years 0
$ U&** } m - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
A ■'(JfS&Jfl Consultation free and strictly private \
O I J&'&LR T "" men ' personally or by letter. A g
\B W il If " **** Cure in every case undertaken. \
OF I 1$ Write for Book. PDILONOI'nVef i
' II II VtnnlAGE, MAILED FREB. (Af
\ O /!•• valuable book for mm) \
" OH JORDAN «*:«©., 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LIVERPOOL AND LONDON AND
GLOBE
- INSURANCE COMPANY
f\T Liverpool, England,' on the 81st day of
v December, A. D. IS9B. and for the year
ending- on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commission^ of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $1. 799 000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 3,622,350 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,602 73
Cash in Company's office 22W 06
Cash In banks 753, l -23 52
Interest due and accrued on Loans.. 19S 03
Interest due. and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 43 76S 21
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
_ tlo •• 827.629 01
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 21,950 07
Total Assets $9,703,581 65
LIABILITIES. ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $17 674 27
Losses in process of Adjustment or '
In Suspense .......... E00.565 93
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 46 950 00
Gross premiums on Fire Ri<=ks run-
ning one year or less. $3,023,234 21;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,511.617 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine: more than one year. $4,067.-
-776 34; reinsurance pro rata...- 2,054,152 27
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies 323 SS» 66
Liability under other departments... .92,271 56
All other denjands against the Com-
pany •• 810,151 70
Total Liabilities ..$4,857.665 55
INCOME. "~ ~~~
Net Cash actually received for Fire '
Premiums '. $4,979 4*9 v
Received for Interest on Bonds and " "
Mortgages 156 343 42
Received for Interest and dividends '
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 103.832 02
Received for Rents : •".;• a.' ,339 go
Total Income ■■$5.300,737 20
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losse3 (In-
cluding $3SS,7SO 70, losses of pre-
vious years) $■> 8"8 293 71
Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage ' 909 era M
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other-
charges for officers, clerks, etc 371 4nn *1
Paid for State. National and locai "
taxes .^ _ jj S gQ, jg
All other payments and' expenditures 33U02 88
Total Expenditures' ..$4,602,C61 87
Rl.-ks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Ne: amount of Risks 1 ~~ — _.
■written during the
Nk ar amounTof-RiVks $T77 ' 673 ' 592 *6.«».« l 74
expired during the
>et am O unt-tn--force 826 ' 06<U55 7 - 400 ' 466 17
December Jl I_IS9S1 _lS9S 845,071,329 7,091,010 75
/ *?• W._ KATOX, Res - Manager.
W. H. WILDEY. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT.
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. V
CHARLES D. HAVEN
Resident Secretary.STANFORD
OLYMPIC WAS
A TIE GAME
Football Match in Which
Neither Scored — Heat
Makes c. : iow Piay.
Olympic 0, Stanford 0.
On hastily constructed stands running
parallel with the side lines .1 slim crowd
b,,-,v the game between in i Olympics and
Stanford yesterday afternoon on the new
gridiron at Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Neither team scored after battling
irough twenty-minute halves in a heat
•..hat was intended by Providence for
fruit;Urylng purposes.
The game was painfully slow to the
Fpi-ctaii'r and torturing to the player,
who purled and sweltered with every
-..;.,,; effort. It was certainly not the
' weather for football and the snappy,
gi:igery, ..:..• ; -a:. .1-'., work that
characterizes the game as a rule was neg
atively represented in the match yester
day between the clubmen and the cardi
iiai-shirted Stanfordites.
L'wlce the Olympics might have scored
and twice did a relentless fate prevent.
A fumbled ball alter a gain of fifty yards
by clean, persistent bucking wa^s chance
number oi.e gone a-beggiiig. Tne second
setback was Stanford's . iaden stiffening
along me line wnen He Olympics had but.
ten yards to cover ior a. touchaowu and
victory.
Very iittle enthusiasm marked the prog
ress oi * tiie game. Chamberlain; with a.
stack of rea shirts, arrived some half
hour before game was called. "King"
Kelly; Princeton's famous back and couch
of tr.e California team for this season,
was on the tide lines, drinking In the
strength and weaknesses of. the two
teams. To point a niuial and adurn a
tale luge Law lor tola w::at he know of
other days, and Howard Taylor delivered
lectures on the automobile. All this was
on the side lines and did not delay the
game. _
The game started when Chet Murphy's
foot switched the ill into Olympic tor
ritory. Yard by yard the clubmen ad
vanced the plgßKln into the Stanford ter
ritory. First Carter wuuid plunge, through
the opposing line, then Sheehy, ■ rka.uf
or Code, and every dash meant a gain.
Down the rield the Olympic team came,
moving within danger distance of Stan
ford's goal, when a fumble made the ball
Stanford property. With a feeling of re
lief Murphy punted far down the Olympic
territory and Carter, in his eagerness to
do something, fumbled, the ball - Ing to
the college men lifteen yards from the
Olympic goal.
Fearful of results. Murphy tested his
own skill as a drop kicker. The try was
unsuccessful, the ball going into the
crowd and rebounding into Murphy's
hands. Another drop kick was attempted,
but it failed, and he ball was brought
out on the twenty-five yard line by Cad
wallader, from which spot it was punted
toward Stanford's goal. Rudolph fumbled
it and Olympia had another chance to
work for a score. To Stanford's twenty
five yard line the clubmen moved with
persistent gains, but three, times did the
college men hold them without a gain on
this spot, and Stanford recovered the ball.
This is where the first half ended.
Second half— CaiUvallauer, mighty and
puffing, kicked off. After a try or two
ihat were fruitless, Murphy punted to the
center of the field. The Olympics, taking
heart and attempting to forget about the
weather, began to work a degree or two
faster, and slowly the ball moved toward
the Stanford goal. Twenty-five yards
from that point the-y again lost the pig
skin by the splendid work of the Stanford
defense, and a punt to the center again
saved the Cardinal. From the center to
the five-yard line the Olympic backs,
dashing, plunging and running, brought
their team within five yards of a touch
down, but again Stanford made a gritty
defense and Olympia could not cross tho
line. Murphy punted to the center.
The time was fast being consumed and
the Olympics were thirsting for a touch
down. ' Dinsmore, by a splendid run of
twenty yards around the Stanford right
end. put life into the clubmen, but at the
same time the college boys braced them- j
selves and the Olympics advanced no far- i
ther. Felton Taylor was put in the game, j
but. nothing was done and the pigskin was j
the property of tho red. Regaining pos- !
session of the ball, Murphy punted and
the whistle blew, which ended the game. j
Scores-Stanford 0. Olympic 0. Officials—
Percy Morse and William Erb. referee '
and "umpire. Time of game, 20 minute
halves. .
The teams lim-d up as follows, but con
tinuous changes were made as the match
progressed:
Soiympics^ Stanford.
McLalne L End : : Mc-Fadden
Er#klne L— Tackle— R Dole
Hobbs L— Guard— R Graves
Monroe Center Hayden
Cadwallader R— Guard— L Traeger
Phf-ehy R— Tackle— L Beritley
Hamilton R-En.i-L. i-"> •-
Code Quarter Murphy
Carter L— Half— R Allen
Wilson R— Half— L Parker i
Thlerkauf Fullback Rodoluh
WINNER TAKES 812,000.
Vanship Wins at Morris Park,
Philae Being Second.
NEW YOKK, Oct. 7.— A large crowd
was on hand at Morris Park to s^e one of
thf* best cards of the season. Three fix
tures were decided— the Champion steeple
chase of $12,000, the Hunter handicap »nd
the Nursery handicap. Some of the best
cross-country horses ln the country •went
to the post for the steeplechase prize,
with the Colt entry. Dr. Catlett and Van
ship favorite at 6to 6. Semper Ego
rushed to the front at fla^fall and mads
the running for close three miles. Th»
Bachelor, I'hilae and Vanship were at his
' ►-.:.■? all the way. Dr. Catlett fell the
first time round. Flnncgan, his jockey,
having his collar-bone broken. When
S^mp>T Ego ran himself out, however,
Vanshlp went to the front and in a driv
ing tinish with Philae the former won by
a head. The Bachelor finished third. Re
euHs:
One mile Desperado won. Bondman
second Gold Standard third. Time. 1:44^.
Hunter handicap, one mile. The Kose
won Ru-h second, Maid of Harlem third.
Time. 1 :■»:;!'.. „
The Nursery handicap. Eclipse course,
KiiiK's rourlrr won. Killashandra second,
Th- Scotchman third. Time, l:10»4-
Champion steeplechase, about three and
a half miles, Var.ship won. Philae second,
T:i» I'.!>'h.-!or third. Time 7:05.
Selling. Eclippe courEe, Oread won Olea
second. Gold One third. Time. 1:10%.
S<>v<»n furlongs, Lamb won, Muskadine
second. Hand Press third. Time. V.Zihi.
rNNATI, Oct 7— The fall meeting
; .. : , j key Clni opened to
itful; track
I the attendance large. A big aur-
Bprung in the Tobacco stake*.
. ■. a.. feature of the day's
ilman. a ran., outsider,
: in! of a high
lan, the fa orlte, did
bum y. Lord
at 10 to 1, 1 ' '■ ■ and Jold Fox.
. :...:• :iiilsbea
mile, vas coy--
Sklllman, the win was
•■; up to HMO by Billy
the owner of Lord Zenl. Kesuita:
farlongs— Eborhart won. Tl c Lady
.. Hopscotch third. Tims,
gs— PrlnceßS Thyra woi, BJliz
- Kline second, Minto third. Time,
ixds, 80111115— Si. ml var
:. Seattle third.
■
etakes, one milo, eelllngr, value
I man won, L^nl Zeni u> cond,
.. Time', 1:41^4.
Sam Fullen won. Mac
third. Time, i:0 *
I :i half furlongs— Sa mi va! won.
third 1 ime.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.-A number of race
horses ln training, the property of various
owner?, wore sold to-day in the paddock
at Morris Park, those bringing the best
prices being as follows:
Thomas Cat, b. h.. 7, by Mussle-Threat,
Al McCreery, $2600; Knight of Rhodes, b.
?:; *,• ."!' Knl«ht of Ellerstie-Sister Louise.
y-- \\. F.ustis. J23M: The Bobby eh. g.. by
inspector B-Pansy Blossom. G. B. Morris,
Si3U|): Clonellla; eh. m.. 4, by Enthusiast-
Xh 1 ■ V, f th. ns, T. Hoany; $12.7): Lady
Mitchell; br. m 5, by Candelmas-Maggie
Mitchell, W. Oliver; $1060; Lackland, br.
c.. 3, by rlft-LlandrltN . J. \v Colt
*\ m <*}i- v ,V-%l iln s hy His Highness-Mag
gie Mitchell, M. Corbett, $1000
CHICAGO, Oct. ".-Weather clear, track
fa.«t. Results:
Six furlongs, Belling— Dagmar won.
Prince Harry second, Flirtation third.
Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs— May Bach won. Georgie
second. Goebel third. Time, 1:00*;.
Short course steeplechase handicap —
Czarowitz won, Menelik second, Three
Forks third. Time, 3:03%.
Mile and a quarter, selling— Jimp won,
Rollins second, Gun Metal third. Time,
Mile and a quarter, selling— Jackanapes
won. Croesus second, Harry Nutter third.
Time, 2:07.
One mile— The Rush won, Florison sec
ond. The Monk third. Time, 1:41%.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 7.— The weather
waa slightly cloudy and the time waa
slow. The crowd was the largest of the
meeting. The first race on the card, the
Johnston stake, for 2:24 trotters, was won
by the favorite, Valpa, the daught- r of
Dark Night, in three straight heats, at $25
to $30 for the field, making the last mile in
8:13 without trouble. Dainty Daffo, poorly
played, got second money. The 2::'
waa won by Axmere, the favorite, at J:5
to the Held at $30. In the first heat, with
ah, Gunsau'.es, Axmt-re and
Dr. Book finished in the order named. Dr.
Book took the next heat handily, Axmere
breaking within fifty yards of the wire;
Guns&ules third. Axmere took the third
y from Black Raven with Gun
saules third. Axmere won the fourth heat
from Dr. Book, who lost it by a swerve
right, at the wire, driving hard. In the
liftb beat Axmere linished llrst on a run
and vvua placed second, the heat going
to Dr. Book; Ina Bell third. In the last
I heat Dr. Book led all the way, but right
at the wire swervel clear across the track,
Am:. ere winning by half a length; Gun
saules third.
s- axchlight, being lame, did not go
against the world's pacing record, as an
nounced. Results:
The Johnston stakes, 2:24, purse J2JOO,
trotting— Valpa won in straight heats.
Time, 2:14. 2:1£&, 2:13. Dainty Daffo sec
ond, Paul Pry third, Owyhee fourth.
Royal Barr, Mexican Boy and Dartmouth
started.
trotting, purse $1000 — Axmere won
third, fourth and sixth heats. Time.
i • Dr. Book won second
■ :•;. heats and wius secvii'i. rime,
 i;:10Vj. Uunsaules won iirst heat in
. :; and was third. Black Raven. Una
.-^•lou Brandt and Nut Prince also
siiirted.
DETROIT, Mich., Oct. 7.— Favorites won
at Windsor. Track was fast; weather
clear. Results:
Seven furlongs, Rosy Morn won. Oak
Maid second, Whim third. Time, !.-':< *
Five furlongs. Hie Away won, J. Lu
cilla second, Tickful third. Time, 1:02.
One mile, selling, Annie Lauretta won,
Lamar second. Earl Fonso third.
Time. 1:42 U.
Four furlongs. John Hebri won, Dlsso
d. Mlienia third. Tim-, 1:14%.
Ing, six furlongs, Ninety Cents won,
Prince of Wales second, Jennie third.
Time. 1:15.
Ing, six furlongs. Nicholas won,
Nekardis second, George H. Ketcham
third. Time, 1:14%.
WHEELMEN READY TO RACE.
Final Preparations for the Great
Twenty-Mile Contest Over the
San Leandro Road.
Chairman W. I^. Loos of the California
ated Cycling Clubs' racing board
ppolnted the following officials to act
big twenty-mile cyclers' road r.-u-e
to be held this morning over the Sun Le
andro triangle between teams repi
Ing the Olympic, Bay City and Garden
City Wheelmen:
- M. Hamilton, unat
tached. Judges— Charles .Albert Adams,
unattached; Paul M. Nippert, president
C. A. C. C: F. If. Kerrigan, B. C. W.;
Edwin Goeller, O. C. \V.; E. F. Fahrbach,
B. C. W.: L. O. Sill, G. C. W. Ti:
Austin Kanzee, B. C. W.; Archibald
B. I W.; W. T. Macfarlane. J
O C; J. A. Desimone, G. C. W.; M.. D.
nfelut, O. C. W.; Edwin M ihrig, iJ.
C W. Scorers— S. G. Scovern, unat
. :. H. I>. Clark, unattached; H. W.
- _ ling, unattached; G. C. Owens, Q C
\\ ; H. V. Ready, B. C. W.; F. H. Wat
.'-.. !'.. < :. VV. ; F. <;. Monte ilegr< 0
C. w . Starter— W. L. Loos, C. A. C. C;
:.t Loos, i 'i-rk 'if ci
;•". Hancock, B. C. \V.; assistant, J.
B. Lamkin, G. < '. \v. Chief mars
Thorn, K. C; a I M. E.
Games, E. C. Chief umpire— <.Jenrj;e E.
r)ixon, unattached; assistants, ii. 15.
.-•■nberger. B. C. W.; Louis Meyers.
line-up as given in yesterday's
Call it looks on paper that the I Olympics
have the best team. The Garden
are an uncertain factor, however, ard the
Bay Citys, with one entirely new man .->n
. .. may turn the trick unexpect
edly. <>n the known qualities ■ I
the Olympics should win, barring acci
dents.
• race starts at Fltchburg, near
Fruit\ ' i:4O a. m. The ri'l<--rs. ..ffl
tn'i spectators will cross the bay on
the 9 a. it. boat or earlier.
r^^^^^P' WSmsxSBBMBmaK*;/ or^r For a case of Rheumatism, Lame Back, Nervous or Sexual Weakness, Stomach
i! * i^ I ifeST'imit^— . J^^\^y^^ Trouble of any kind, Torpid Liver, Weak Kidneys, Varicocele, Lumbago or any Chronic
"^ -^W T . roub . le wnich m y new Electric Belt will not help with ten days' use according to my i
faf. i: -;^,fi; • This offer is especially directed to physicians who have cases which show no improve- i
f&:&r% >^Jr m- 6111 under drug treatment. I want to prove to every honest doctor that the day has come A
■ W when drugs must be laid aside and Electricity, the grandest of all remedies, applied in \
o^^m^^^^^m^^^^m^^mW^ all nervous ' organic and chronic troubles. A
fe SS^^pfesM^' ' Doctors do not, as a rule, recommend my Belt, some because they are prejudiced against i
illilii^^H 'Mr anything new, some because they think my Belt is like the cheap, worthless affairs which are ,
I^K®|^^l^Sft^ftfB®% -<i *^^p^sold in drug stores and on the streets; and a great many others because they don't want to lose a i
ftfei^^^^ iillt&Hfll patient. It is a certainty that a man using my Belt faithfully has no need of a doctor. My A
I \ iH ] ok. Mclaughlin electric belt cores weak men. ;
rw WS^^^S * The energy that it pumps into the nerves of a weak man turns despair into gladness; it fills the heart with
rjk. M^^^^S^&-^SwP exhilarating courage, warms the blood, develops the muscles and gives a feeling of youthful confidence. It is i
I fM^^^^r^ "^l|Pi~l^§£i responsible for the restoration of 10,000 weak men in the past three years.
0 1 y^^^l^^^0]$^Mm My success in curing and the enormous sale of my Electric Belt are both due to the fact that I have made a <
f&\Jm M science of applying electricity to the human body. The method that I use now, which is protected by patent, is
/ll%f Wt^^MM W^oo^M the result of my 20 years' study. Electricity is useless unless you apply it right, and no electric belt is of any
SA^l^^fS^ service unless it will give a current that you can feel without
Mll^^S^ffe^^&l^^^ burning, that you • can regulate, and that will last long t F-* ~ t™ 1 i yvi tf^~^ nw i/\ i ~ i
Bio^o^^^mk^^M^&f^§^M enough to be curative. TESTIMONIALS.
fc^^ot^pfi|^^ These points expose the Weakness Of all other electric See what I Have done* for these men.
feiwSS^#^ m^mtM^A belts. I guarantee, on a bond of $5,000, that my Electric M . l? , . c^ nnn * rv™, h;^ c*. m *+i D * 1
fe^^&^i##» Belt is the strongest on earth and best made, and gives a His Back Is Strong NoW> His Strength Restored. a
P^^I^S^I^SSI^M continuous current that you can feel and regulate, for one Michigan- blot, *%« co.^cai.. TZ'cLvg™^ 3 ™* o™*'0 ™*'
wM^^o^^^iM I§SMMP%4iM ■ year without a cent of expense for renewals. My Chamois D Dia?gi^-i^Be ; u^fbi«n a eat benefit Dea^si^-i^^trmMuny'say that the tot. 4
pMC'^*^^^^'iSsHJS ; S» l l*KV ftte3S?& w W-i!rS«ii'hL r^ i ■ r— 1 , -• •*< \t i. i. ■ a. j-1 i 1 i to mi" It lias rv.a.ie me a new man. My hack I rnent winch you gave me has prov.-n of sreat »
Wi^^^^^M^^mfi^^^^^mWi, Cushion Electrodes allow the current to enter the body in a iis now «tron S and lam lmprovmk m even- i™k™ ??•«?« a} I *™** \* m w!>11 *^ R M n
KJjS^j^^^^^nW^V'lSfKl P^&SS&Sij^'JSwf'*^* 1 • < 'n 11 • ■*■**'' wav I have been ablf to resume work for >ears my frlor.r:.? think that I r.in considerably i
t£?fek£4iW&WZ&%<&£%£!&3 f^^P^d*^^'**?^ soothing, gentle stream, without the burning and blistering over two months and have recommended your younger than I really am. Your treatment has £
K^^iS^^*?*?^^^^! Wii&'S&P&ffiM^M ouuuuiig, 6 CIUIC all CUU1 J VTimuui. Ul.l^ UUIUIU 5 UIJU UllDlt-l Ull, Belt at every opportunity. Yours truly. done wonders for me and I will cheerfully re-
fc^'i^^wSr^'if-ft'^'fc*^^*! 3^«6SJ^l»JjV*'sslS*S ktTr»\A/r» in r»IH Ctirio V»*altG * AUGUSTUS MILLER. co.-nmend it to all who write or call ur>on me.
B^HW^^S'^^^^i^^t *S^Sl* ■ • V?^ 1^1»i»S IVnUWII 111 OIU JsiyiC Delia. Yours truly, \VM BAILEY.
- '^Mf^^^^^^ T^TPf* RAftlf I have just published a beautifully illustrated 80 page book, telling . — ~— —
f^^^^^^^^^^^ f^^s^^o^^' II CC DUUIV how I cure Rheumatism, Kidney and Stomach Troubles, and all Weak Back and Kidneys. Better Than Medicine. /
kWM^^^^MlW&o^^ 7****?" ° ??• , !t should be read by every man who is weak or in pain. It T has full in, 39 Merchant,' Exchange, 416 Turner st.. SAX FRANCISCO >
t^^^SS^^SJ^x*^ formation and hundreds of testimonials, with prices of my Belts, from $5 up. I will send it san francisco, se.->t. a. 1599. seat is. 1539. "
**3siffi*^WsfiKQf^3&tt?& ix<fK'>?ttl£*'i2f ■£**$& It tjr T j * * ' v • ■ * * *i. v II tl t.^ DR. M. a. Mclaughlin. DR. M. A. Mclaughlin, a
■ ■ •■ sV closely scaled, free. lean demonstrate in hve minutes tO those who call personally, what my near Plr-Your Electric Belt Treatment has Dear Sir— Your treatment h;is beer, of lm- 4
yffi§Ej2^^mi'^ SOT^tiKiW^'^r R*»lt will rl-\ T rrJ-o-* a f^t-» f«.«'al trMtmrnt Tct *xri>i-\r cU<»r»*ir rnm^ and. cr^t r>f^,r>f C^\\ rtf mflti. cured Ir " at the ase of " 3 " f aU weakn «* 3es in i menee value to me. Advanced in years aj I N
J^9^^So^^^^' b£^"&&%&(i**sy g ITC a " cc trial ireainienT. Ld every SKep^C Come ano gel prOOL V^ail Or Write. Back anil Kidneys, «o that I can now stoop j an:. I never expected such results, but your
r^^ff?^3S**?!*& E^-<S2i*^ s W%'saßr _ _ __ _ net 11 la i*i|, «o a >7nr) IMonlrnt- (#»»• Vnr.« M . - or -and erect, dress and undress more easily famous Belt has done for me whr-.t doctors
M^.'J?^T^*3«^^j^£g^rJtv^2i^^ Ilia HI tl BSifkl nullili KA! »U/i luarK.t3L, COT. IVearny, than for years: It has also restored me to vigor and drucs have never done. Thanking: you la- i
E^^SBfflMV 'BMSBfiHwar Urn BUI II iViGLnUbnLiN) S. F.. and Burdick Block sound health. Very truly j^iMOND. the benefits received, I am, yours truly. >
fgfcggjP gQ^g} UHI If&l Hi ifillft-HUUilLilll O.rßpig«ißeeoni"..°n 5 .i... A. C. HAMMOND. MK'HAKL HA.VLKT.
,_ Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG-STORES. — " ' " — — — — _
THE J?a:N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8. 1593.
FAST HARES
TEST DOGS
IN COURSING
The Run-Down oi the Open
Stake at Union Park Pro-
vides Good Sport.
The hares were an unusually strong lot
at Union Coursing Park yesterday and it
was necessary to send the relief dog out
on several occasions. Daisy Clair was
beaten by Young America, Lavender beat
Uncle Fuller, Metallic and Thornhill won
their courses and will meet in the second
round to-day. The Mclnerney dogs were
all successful yesterday, Johnny R, Tom
my Rex, Regina R and Nora all being In
the stake yet. The coursing to-day should
be of a high class, owing to the positions
in which the dogs are drawn. The results
of the run-down yesterday are as fol
lows:
J. Mooney'g Silent Treasure beat Sterl A
Knowles" Sleety Mist; T. J. Mclnerney'*
Johnny It beat Pasha Kennels* Rest Assured;
George Whitney's Theron beat MaUer & Reid's,
Pat Heilly; J. Perry's Commodore Nash beat
Ed Wilson* Magnet; T. J. Mclnerney's Tommy
Hex beat Gus Abercrombie'a Irrna; Aeneld
Kennels' Maid of Erin beat J. Perry's Red
Wings; W. H. Jones' Terronite beat Ed Evatt's
Hurricane; K. E. de B. Lopez's Wadena beat
Pasha Kennels' Royal Ann; Aeneld Kennels'
Athena beat J. Rogers' Willie Brannon; Gus
Abercrombie's Victor King- beat Curtis &
Son's Commodore: 1-ande & Gerber*s Onward
beat William Heater's Skylight; A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty beat H. A. Deekelman's
Rocker; J. M. Halton's Lavender beat Maher
& Reid's Uncle Fuller; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Lady Emma beat R. E. de B. Lopez's
Sara; J. Jones' Moonlight beat A. Maasey's
Hadlwist; E. B. Scott's Lord Byron beat R.
Pringle's Honor Bright; J. Hurley's Star of
Cuba beat J. Maher's Benlcia Boy; J. O'Shea's
young America beat Russell, Allen & Wilson" a
Daisy Clair; Curtis & Son's Cash beat Aeneld
Kennels' Pretender; Pasha Kennels' Metallic
beat T. J. Cronin's Depend on Me; T. J. Cro
nin's Thornhill beat D. Ford's Anita: D. J.
Healey's Rusty Gold beat D. Ford's Juanita;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Wonder beat F. C. Mack's
Delia M; J. Dickson's Black Bess beat R. E.
de B. Lopez's St. Anthony; Curtis & Son's
Beacon beat J. Seggerson's Candelaria; D. J.
Healey's Maori Land beat A. Johnson's Low
lander; Curtis & Son's Maud S beat S. E. Por
tal's Laurelwood; P. J. Reilly's Warship beat
J. (^Shea's Golden Gate; D. J. Healey's O'Hara.
beat C. Wiley's Gaslight; H. W. Rika's Nancy
R. beat Gus Abercrombie's Miss Richmond;
H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot boat Aeneld Ken
nels' Bona Dca: J. I. O'Brien's Statesman beat
W. H. Jones' Rustan; T. J. Mclnerney? Re
gina B beat W. H. Shear's Fury, P. J. Reilly's
Still True beat J. E. Cone's Red Glenn; R.
L. Taylor's Mose beat Maher & Reid's Nellie
Bawn; J. Hurley's O. K. Capitol beat John
Egan's Fin U*eCool: Pasha Kennels' Firm
Friend beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Wanda: Gus
Abercromble's Rock Island Boy beat F. C.
Mack's Black Paul; Dan O'Connell's Satan
beat Handy & Smith's Petronius; Curtis &
Son's Cavalier beat D. J. Healey's Amarosa;
John Kerrigan's Conqueror beat Handy &
Smith's Magic; T. J. Mclnerney's Nora beat
J. Dean's Gallant: Curtis & Son's McKlnley
beat S. E. Portal* Gallagher; R. K. de B.
Lopez's Whltehead beat A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan.
INGLESIDE SCORES.
The Courses Were Long in tne Open
and Puppy Stakes.
The hares were unusually strong at In
le Coursing Park yesterday and on
:.'.:> there were many lmig courses
in which it was found necessary to rel ■
a third and Bometimes a fourth dog. Ex
nt sport was furnished by thirty-two
entries in the run-down for the Puppy
and sixty-four in the Open stake.
Ring are the results:
Puppy stake — Connell Brothers' Clover beat T.
Farming's Little Ben; A. Van den Burgh's
Copperhead beat J. I. O'Brien's (names) Wattle
Gum; T. Tanning's Royal Cliff beat W. C.
Qlasson's Santonin; C. Bonner's Wild Norafa
beat G. Frederickson's Mls» Fireball: W. C.
Gla.=son's Happy Thought beat 1). Shannon's
Puisun: George Pinto" s Mischief beat J. B.
Martinet's Buxton: G. L.ahusen's Firefly beat
George Pinto's Glad Hand; J. R. Martinet's
Bernal Boy beat G. Frederlckson's Ask Him:
Joe Ferris' Cleopatra beat W. C. Glas*on'n
Sleigh Bells; J. Mclnerny's Princess Royal
beat J. I. O'Brien's Good Times: J. McGrath's
Red Rose beat Mike Nolan's Peg the- Rake; J.
B. Martinet's Bernal chief beat Connell Broth
ers' Dunmore; J. Anthony's Patriot beat J.
McCormaek's Proud Beauty; J. Coleman's Good
Bye beat J. Moriarity's Jimmy Anthony; Con
nell Brothers' Green Isle beat J. Byrnes' High
Time; R. Strehl's Three Cheers beat J. Mc-
Grath's Blower.
Open stake — Connell Brothers' Pt. Helen beat
Handy & Smith's Victor Queen: D. Chdla'i
Golden Russet beat Kay & Tram's Hawker:
H. A. Deckelman's Prince George beat E. M.
Kellogg*s Hummer: H. A. Deckelman'y Rocklin
Belle beat T. Fannlng'p Babe Murphy; Con
nell Brothers' Mamie Pleasant beat James
Dean's Moondyne; P. M. Clarkfon's (names)
Greenhall beat T. Mannix's Water Witch;
M ran & "'Neil's Nellie H beat Jameg Mr-
Cormack'a White Tip; H. a. Deckelman's Law
rence beat T. J. Harrington's Southern Git. ,
G. Lahusen's Wheel of Fortune beat J. Dennis"
October Woodcock; J. M. Stil well's Alex beat
T. J. Harrington's Beau Peep; J. M. Stilwell's
Esmeralda beat J. Talbofs nir.<-k Ri"k; D. I
Shannon's Soubrette beat Moran & O'Nell's
Irene H; E. M. Kellogg' s Kid McCoy beat J.
Segperson's Gold Hill; T. Sullivan 1 ? Maid of
the Hill beat W. C. Glasson's Joy Bells; T. J.
McHufrh's Moss Rose beat T. J. Cronin'a Roi>e
of Tralee; C. Grau's Xe^vsboy beat T. A. Gaff
n^y's Sir John Arnot: Connell Brothers' Lob
Boy beat Seblne & Daly's Shylock Boy; Con
nell Brothers' Senorita beat Kay & Tram h
Edtpse; Murphy & Tnland's Ornampnt beat P.
Rlnrdan's Ix>rd Hastings: E. Baumeister's War
rior beat Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson; J.
M. Stllwell'a Hattabelle beat Lowe & Thomp
son's Prince Hal; E. D. Fallon's Lily of the
West beat P. M. Clarkson'a Black Hawk; E.
M. Kellogg's Lady Gllmore beat Sebine &
Daly's Gypsy; D. Douce's (names) Sarcastic
beat J. Dennis' The Devil: M. Mlchalik'i Kerry
Oow beat J. I. O'Brien's Admiral Dewey; Pas
time a bye: Dox Daze withdrawn on account
of poor condition; Murphy & Toland's Tea
Rose beat E. M. Kellogg's lowa Maid; Lowe
& Thompson' I St. Oran beat H. Allen's Miss
Lois; J. Byrnes' Eleven Spr.t beat Sobine &
Daly 's Lady Oswald; J. Byrnes' Olympus beat
W. H. Shear's 'names) Chauncy; E. Baumeis
ter's Winning Ways beat J. Fitzsimmons'
Peaceful Glen; James Byrnes' Nellie B beat
T. J. McHutrh'e Maid of the Mill
CORINTHIANS RETURN
THE CHALLENGE TROPHY
The Cup Is Handed Over to the San
Francisco Yacht Club Men at
Their House.
There was? a large and jolly gathering
of yachtsmen last night in the clubhouse
of the San Francisco Yacht Club at
Sausalito. The occasion was the presen
tation of the San Francisco perpetual
challenge cup by the Corinthians tn the
present holders, the San Francisco Yacht
Club. Invitations to be present on the
occasion had been issued by Commodore
T. L. Hill to the members of the Coriu
thlan, California, Encinal and South
Bay clubs. During the afternoon the
sloops Pactolus. Idler and Surf sailed
over from Oakland Creek, whl!e from
Tiburon came E. F. Sagar's Edna, TV. H.
Toepke's Harpoon, A. J. Young and T.
W. Runsome's Clara. Breitzmann's Cu
pid, Commodore Carl "Westerf eld's Aeolus,
Stevenson's Thelma, T. L. Miller's Spray,
A. I. Lyons' Freda, W. F. Humphrey
Jr.'s Pride, and ex-Commodore J. \V.
Pew's Truant.
After a bountiful supper, prepared by J.
R. Savory, R. S. Bridgeman and 11. Dott,
had been enjoyed, the yachtsmen gath
ered in the ballroom for the ceremony of
the presentation of the cup, won on Sep
tember 23 by the Gadder. After opening
remarks by Commodore T. L. Hill, the
trophy was handed over to the winners
by Commodore Carl Westerfeld, with
hearty words of congratulation. Ex-
Commodore \Y. N. McCarthy, ex-Commo
dore J. W. Pew of the sloop Truant and
Commodore A. M. Clay of tho California
; Yacht Club followed with short speeches.
I Next came a song by Percy A. Crump, a
j witty speech by "Lncle" George Brom
ley, and a song by R. S. Bridgeman. A
French-Canadian song, and song and
■s by it. B. Mitchell were the next
Items on the informal programme.
"I'ncle" Bromley gave an excellent reci
tation describing the putting out to sea
■ : a merchant vessel. The intervals of
the evening were rilled with stereopticon
views of yachts, comic views and bits of
marine scenery by Archie Treat.
Among the weil-known yachtsmen who
thronged the Sausalito Clubhouse were
Commodore Carl Westerfeld, Port Cap
. tain J. H. Koffe, Frank W. Thompson.
• ■ T. S. White, Commodore Alien M.
Clay, ex-Commodorea J. W. Pew. Louis
B. Chapman and W. X. McCarthy; L. Q.
Haven. R. P. Bridgeman, J. R. Savory. A.
I. Lyons, R. L. Earaes, A. J. Young". W.
H. Toepk i: F. Sagar. H. H. J.- .
T. 1.. Miller. R. R. O'Hommerii.-!. C Ger
lack. F. A. Bartlett, J. S. Cpckerlll, J.
w. W. Woods of Vallejo, E. C.
Bartlett, exCommodore I. Gutte and
Frank Cook. Music was supplied by
Richardson's ba
The best of feeling prevailed betwer-n
the winners and th*> losers of the co
trophy, which San Francisco Club will
hold until It is successfully chall<
' f..r. The Corinthians congratulated the
i victors heartily, and promised to do tln-ir
best tn recover the cup next season.
American Jockeys Win.
LONDON. Oct. 7.— At to-rlay's racing at
the Kempton Park October meeting the
Stanley plate was won by S. B. Joel's St.
Val"nt"ine 11. ridden by Tod Bloan. Full
P.ipe, on which J. Reiff had the mount,
was second and Thurling finished third.
Seventeen horses ran on the Jubi;. <■
course, one mile. The betting was 5 to 1
against St. Valentine 11.
J. .'{(iff finished first in the race for the
Vauz Hall selling plate on Horton.
Hw<ars and Star of Evening were. Beci : .il
and third respectively. Fourteen b
ran. The betting was 9 to 4 against
Horton.
THE LOCALS
AND CAPITALS
PLAY A DRAW
A Highly Interesting; Contest
Closed by Darkness When
the Score Stood 8 to 8.
Umpire O'Connell called the pame be
tween San Francisco and Sacramento, the
leaders in the race for the pennant, at the
end of the tenth inning yesterday on ac
count of darkness and the first game of
their series will have to be fought over
again to-day. When O'Connell declared
the game a draw the score stood 8 to S
and there was every possibility of it con
tinuing for many more innings, as the
players, imbued with the enthusiasm of
th>ir profession and the shouting of the
hundreds of spectators present, were
playing the national game as it should be
played.
It was regretted when the red ball of
fire that stood menacingly over the field
throughout the afternoon sunk in the
West. The game, which was notable for
heavy batting and startling plays, was
one of the best seen on the grounds in
many days. Although there was an abun
dance of errors on the part of the local
men nearly every mistake was excusable,
as the chances of stopping the hard hit
ball were extremely slim. Thrice was ihe
score tied during the ten innings played
and only by the narrowest margin.
Doyle was put Into pitch for Sacramen
to, but after being hammered for two in
nings he gave way to Harvey. The au
burn-haired twlrler had his speed with
him, but the local team had their lamps
trimmed and they connected with his
shoots, for nine good hits. One, a
home run strike by Krug over the center
field fence, scored Brockhoff and gave the
Friscos a slight lead, and the others were
pretty singles well placed. Iburg was also
touched up hard and often, the Capital
City team batting up to its usual high
standard. Clever fielding by Pyne, Muller
and Hildebrand saved the local pitcher
from annihilation. Many of the "flies"
the three players got under had every
Indication of being safe drives.
Umpire O'Conneli earned the enmity of
the crowd by Judging a palpably foul fly
a safe hit, on which two Sacramento men
scored. This so disheartened the locals
that they played loosely until fortune
smiled on them late in the game and they
took on a new lease of life. "Heney r *
Krug shut off a run in the ninth by mak
ing a pretty one-hand stop, touching the
second cushion and doubling a man on
first. Following is the score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, a. a 4 2 2 2 2 5 3
Hildebrand. r. i 5 12 12 0 0
Kniß, 2 b 6 2 3 0 4 4 1
Sullivan, c 4 12 0 2 10
Courtney, 1 b 3 0 2 0 10 0 2
Rellly. 3 b 5 10 114 1
{'>';f. C- '•• 5 11110 0
Muller. 1. f 4 0 10 6 0 0
Iburg, p 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Totals 3S 8 13 5 30 14 ~8
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
McLaushlin, 1. f....6 0 2 0 0 0 0
Harvey, r. f. & p.... 6 l 3 0 5 4 1
O'Connor. 1 b 4 3 10 6 0 0
Eagan, s. ts 6 2 3 0 4 2 1
Stanley, c 5 0 10 15 0
Doyle, p. &r. t 4 10 0 6 2 1
Shanahan. c. 1 4 0 10 3 0 0
Sheehan, 3 b 4 110 3 0 0
Stultz, 2 b 5 0 0 0 2 3 0
Totals 43 8 12 0 30 16 ~!
RUN'S AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 3 000200300— S
Ra?» hits ...4 00130032 o—l3
Sacramento 0 0 2 l 3 2 0 0 0 o—B
Base hits 1 02132110 I—l 2
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lburp 2, Harvey 3
Home run— Krug. Three-base hit— Stanley!
Two-base hits— Courtney. Eagan, Harvey. Sac
: rifice hit— Shanahan. First base on errors— San
Francisco 1. Sacramento 4. First base on called
balls— San Francisco 4. Sacramento 3. Left on
liases— San Francisco 5, amenta in. Struck
out— By Iburg 2, by Doyle 1, by Harvey 4.
IViuble play- Krug- to Courtney. Passed balls—
Sullivan, Stanley. Time of game— Two hours
and 25 minutes. Umpire— O'Conneli.
CYCLERS TALK POLITICS.
The regular monthly meeting of the
governors of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs was held last night at its
in the Parrott building-, the follow
ing delegates being present: Paul >t. Nip
pert, president; S. G. Scovern,
T. <;. Spillane, treasurer; Robert NL
Welch. Charles Albert Adams. J. J. B.
Ar«. ntl, T. W. Shawhan, W. L. Loos, H.
irk and H. \V. Spalding.
Considerable time was spent in an anl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OIL DCLi 1
Two and a Half Miles Long
in Contra Costa Co.
|
Only nine miles by wagon road from Oakland. Oil seeping from the land
in fifty different places. Gas and oil now escaping in small quantities \
from the well. Well down 960 feet. §
Three Hundred Feet t
I lIICC lluuUlCil I CCI I
Deeper drilling will strike the true oil sand, and then our stock will b«
worth TEN TIMES what it is to-day. In the past year stocks of va-
rious companies have gone from a nominal price to hundreds per share
because they struck "oil."
Compare Them With Us.
It costs the producer "freight and pipe line service," 65 cents per H
barrel to reach market from Coalinga and vicinity; besides, they are en- H
tirely in the hands of the railroad company. We can lay our oil in Oak- g
land for 15 cents per barrel. 9
What Company Will Control I
The situation? We have more work done now than all the other com- 0
panics combined who are offering their stock for sale by advertising, fj
We have more actually proven oil lands than any company in the State. j
We are the only company in the State that is not dependent on the f
railroad for carrying its oils. We are the only company in the State |
that proposes to refine. We are the only company in the State [
that sells its stock under a guarantee. We are the only company in I
the State who allows 30 days after purchase for investigation. We are I
the only company in the State whose lands are so situated that they |
can easily be reached from this city.
Do We Not Offer You
The best value, the best security, the best proposition offered by any |
company in the State? Our stock Is now selling at $5 per share until B
the next meeting of the Board of Directors, but may be taken from the S
market any moment as developments at the well show nearness to oil. ij
DO NOT DELAY. I
"Illustrated Prospectus" free. Agents in nearly all counties in tha I
State. 1
AMERICAN OIL and
REFINERY COMPANY,
Rooms 322=323 Parrott Building, [
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. I
OAKLAND OFFICE— 46O Tenth Street. I
■ ■■ ■ > n
mated discussion as to whether the asso
ciation should indorse any of the munici-
Lndidates for office at the coming
election. The matter was finally referred
tv tht executive committee, which was
instructed to indorse such candidates of i
either party as were favorable to good
roads and Improved streets.
Delegate Lam kin of San Jose could not
attend the meeting, hut sent word that no
arrangements for the proposed (ifiy-mile
track relay race could be made in San
Jose. The race will therefore be held
here later on.
The resignation of T. D. Whitman of
the Acme Club as vice president was ac
cepted. The vacancy will not be filled
until ;he annual election in December.
Mr. Welch revived his suggestion made
at the last meeting that the association
give up the control of racing entirely and
: ime and - to the
much talk this
the executive committee
for final decision.
For More Sports See Page 8.
910
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TRIED"
AND
TRUE.
+ 1-
Send j True in fashion
Your . -tried as to fast-
j Address ness °f color—
for a and not found
S * a T?- e wanting. Tried
I of This *
1 ! Trne Bine and worn to-day
Serge. | by thousands.
-♦ f
WB_flKrJr_ilf!_r_ni_l _y_f /
m B H_J_LJII I h\
This True Blue Serge Suit
for Men is brimful of pretty
bits of high-class tailoring, i
' Ifs been handled in a careful ,
artistic fashion. Double-breast-
ed Sacic, but a double-breasted
each thai balances vrettily both
front and bach. To make the
coat real smart, the newest of
our new-cut Double -breasted j
T'r,<rf—and of course our form-
fitting Trousers. There you
have our
TRUE BLUE
SERGE SUIT
$11.
PERHAPS
[]NEEDA...
li'> 're King Pins for Overcoats. !
.7 whole floor of *em— l^,7oo \
square fee of Overcoats alone.
RAPHAEL'S
INCORPORATED.
The 'Frisco Boys,
9, 11, 13 and 15 KEARNY STREET.
2 Entire Buildings— 8 Floors.
• — ■ I
..";■>-■•: -* i? i
■
?fW mi, r-^H i&iwfi
X ~ W
t'-j. \j£m
A CONDITION AND NOT A I
THEORY
confronts the fastidious man that has
Boiled linen and don't know where he
can have it laundered without Injury
and in an irreproachable manner. We ;
can relieve his mind right now by as-\
Burln.q him that his shirts, collars and i
cuffs didn't look better when first pur- j
chased than they do when sent home j
from the United States Laundry.
"No saw edges."
United States Laundry, Offlca
ICO4- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St. ]
CALIFORNIA
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY.
Location of Property and Oil Wells
McKITTRICK, KERN CO.. CAL.
OFFICERS:
J. M. MERRILL Pr<»iawit
"WILLIAM J. DIKGEE Vice President
DIRECTORS:
C. H. KING JAMES T. HAMILTON'
M. J. LAYMANCE.
WALTER C. BEATIE Treasurer
OFFICE&
Rooms 15-16, second floor, 460 Eiphth St.,
Mills bldg.. San Francisco. Oakland, Cal.
•♦**»••»♦-•--»-•»»««»•»»•»•••••
♦ n
,:,*•.' The undoubted luxury and comfort, 
♦ unetjualed culsir.e, location and mod- ,
♦ frate chart's have made the 
♦ PALACE and !!
\ GRAND |
' the mopt popular and fashionable ho- \
" tels In Pan Francisco. Operated Jointly ♦
" under one -merit. Correspond- i 1
11 ence solleltffl. «
i JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, i
)}:{.: Manaxer. i .
BOLD THIEF GETS AWAY
WITH A SACK OF GOLD
Stolen From a Buggy in Broad
Daylight,
While Engrossed in the Bulletins of the
Yacht Race John Barneson is Robbed
of Four Thousand Dollars.
OXE of the boldest robberies since
the theft of S5OOO from a wagon
belonging to Wells, Fargo & Co.,
some time airo, was committed
yesterday afternoon on Market
street, when an unknown thief climbed
Into a buggy which was being driven by
John Barneson, the brother of Captain
A Daring Crook Abstracts a Sack Containing Four Thousand Dollars.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
The proceedings of the riftf.enth annual i
■ md 1 Council ox th;> Young
Men's Institute are now ready for dlstri- j
buUon. as is also the constitution as
amended at that session.
Yorke Council baa arranged for an en
iment to be given In Native Sons'
on t lie night of the 21st irust.
Sti ssmayer Council will give an enter
tainment ii.'id dance In LJnion-sciuarc Hall
on the evening of the 20th mat.
Institute Journal for the current
month appears In a new form. It is In
the shape of a magazine of sixteen 1
At the last ii* it meetinß "f UouCnard
Council at Merced Supreme President j
Frank J. Kierce lee- '
ture on "The Year 1898." Last Friday ho !
delivered a lecture on "Pro Deo, Pro
Patria," the motto of the order, before
I 'ouncil.
Rev. Joseph Sasia, P. J.. will on the
evening of the 24th inst. lecture before
Columbia Council In St. Ignatius Hall oa
"A Wonderful Subject."
Grand President A. F. St. Sure has re
ceive: efl of the early organiza
tion of cuum-lls at Hanford. VI sail a and
and. with the possibility of the or- |
ganlzati'm r>t one .it Willow •».
nd Grand Vice President D. J. j
O'Leary will leave for a trip East on
E !;iy next.
The eleventh annual banquet recently
given by <'<>iuml>lß Council No. 55 in ona
of the fashionable restaurants was nn
unqualified success. It wns under the
direction of George y -V. Uennis. It. A.
Miller and S. B. Ftupud.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STOMACHS THAT WONT WORK
That Retain the Food and Refuse to
Digest It, Make the Head Heavy
and the Nerves Weak,
Need Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets.
There is a cure for dyspepsia. Sufferers
! who have tried noxious nostrums will
probably be skeptical, but skepticism
| vanishes when Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
: lets aro tried. "Whether the trouble Is
I dyspepsia of long standing, or merely a
'. simple case of indigestion, relief is prompt
1 and pronounced. The less the trouble the
■ fewer tablets need be taken.
Heaviness after eating, sour stomach,
jas indicated by belching, fatigue with
; slight exertion, or with no exertion at all,
disturbed sleep, nervousness, . constipa-
tion, depression, "blues," these things can
commonly be set down as symptoms of
dyspepsia. And dyspepsia is merely mdii-
i gestion in an aggravated form.
By promoting perfect digestion, Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets produce strong nerves.
■ restful, refreshing slevp, pure blood and
; good, sound, healthy flesh. They make
: the skin clear, the eyes bright, the mind
cheerful.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a medi-
cine and more than a medicine. They di-
gest the food and make it easy of assimi-
lation, and they relieve the inflamed, dis-
; eased condition of the membraneous lin-
j Ings and the glands of the stomach and
bowels. They help the digestive organs
over the hard places, and put them into
a healthy, active condition. ' They effect
I a quick and permanent cure. You don't
; have to continue taking them forever;
: Htill it is well to have a box handy and
j take one at the first return of the trou-
| ble.
.Perfectly well people are made sick by
eating too much, or unwholesome food,
but not if they take a tablet after eat-
ing. Treatment with Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets does not necessitate dieting or any
; change of habits. They digest the proper
food and act upon the other kind in such
a way as to make It pass off quickly and
harmlessly. You may eat and drink what
you like, when you like and as much as
you like if you take a tablet afterward.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
all druggists at 50c for full sized package
Send to F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall,
: Mich., for little book on stomach diseases,
I mailed free.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
Barneson of the United States army
transport service, and stole a sack con
taining: $4000 in $20 gold pieces. Barneson
was seated In the buggy at the time, but
was so absorbed in The Call's bulletins
on the International yacht race that he
did not discover the thief getting away
with the sack, of coin.
HUNGER STALKS
THROUGH PEST
HOUSE WARDS
No Food Remains for
the Unclean.
«. — .
Official neglect is responsible, for 8 con
dition of affairs at the Pesthouse, which
has developed into one of the greatest
public outrages committed In the annals
of the municipal government. All day
Friday, It became known yesterday, the
unclean and dying lepers at this institu-
Uon, which has long been a disgrace, lay
picking at their coverlets, hungry and
miserable. Nine of these unfortunates,
burning away with the most loathsome
a afflicts the human flesh, had
to be content with a meager portion each
of mush of poorest quality, while the
samt lot fell to Mrs. A. G. Gilson, confined
in the institution with smallpox, and four
teen attendants. These people, all of them
unfortunate, the attendants martyrs to
their calling, the smallpox patient pitiful
in her distress, and the lepers, the ac
cuisfed of Hit) earth, are all prisoners be
neath th« yellow flag. Friday, when all
the food had been consumed, an effort to
reach the officials was made that their
plight might be made known. As usual,
the critical period found the telephone
out of order. It was finally repaired yes
ty and Dr. Lawlur of the Board of
Health notified. After being notified,
hi v>. \ er, there was nothing to be done.
The physician's hands were tied, as only
lu.->i week the Board of Supervisors gave
notice that all creditors of the city would
be hold strictly within the reading of the
one-twelfth act. The merchant? who
supplied the City and County Hospital
and the Pesthouse have as yet received
no money for the months of August and
■September, mid naturally they refused to
Bend out necessary supplies. As a last
resort a subscription was taken up among
the attaches of the Board of Health. Each
subscribed to the good cause, several
pieces of gold were raised and a man was
Immediately dispatched to the home of
the- lepers with provisions. He was met
at the gate by one of the attendants, who
gladly accepted the food, which will last
until this morning. Another subscription
must then be taken up unless some chari
tably inclined citizen comes forward,
takes hold of the matter and supplies the
inmates with food.
Another part of the outrage is that the
coal with which to keep the suffering in
mates warm is about exhausted. There
seem? to be no hope for replenishing the
supply in the near future and the outlook
is rather hopeless. Dr. Lawlor of the
Board of Health is disgusted, and rightly
so, at the action of Mayor Phelan and the
Board of Supervisors in neglecting the
public institutions. Receiving hospitals
have been closed, medicines have been
begged and there Is no food for the starv
ing inmates. Dr. Lawlor has done all he
can, he says, on behalf of the suffering
poor, but now the Board of Supervisors
must show that it is not afraid to do
right, although It would be contrary to
usual practice, and see that the wrongs of
the past are unknown in the future.
Blanchard's Orchestra
\.t Kapp * Street a Tamale Grotto. •
« ♦ ■
Will Inspect Plans.
Dr. Charles M. Ellenwood has boon ap
pointed by the Cooper Medical College to
pass on the plans for the new City and
County Hospital. The Art Association in
formed the Supervisors that It would ap
point a representative for the same pur
pose.
. ♦ ■ . —
Common whisky Is a curse — the Old
Government is a blessing. •
■ ♦ ■
New Police Court Rules.
Presiding: Judße Trearlwell of the PoMce
Courts has Issued a circular containing
Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday Barne
! son went to the bank and drew the
amount which was afterward stolen from
; his buggy. It was intended for his broth
| er, who was anxious to consummate some
; mining deal. The money, which was in $20
gold pieces, was placed in a canvas sack
and deposited under the seat of the buggy.
; Barneson, after leaving the bank, drove
up Market street. When in front of The
' Call building his attention was attracted
to the immense crowds that were reading
the bulletins of the great yacht race. Aiix
i ious to see how the race was troing.
Barneson pulled up his horse and eagerly
i scanned the bulletins.
While he was thus engaged an unknown
thief climbed Into the buggy and got away
with the sack of money. * Barneson dis
covered his loss a few minutes later arid
at once notified the police. Several de
tectives were immediately sent to hunt
< for the culprit, but up to a late hour last
night they had not succeeded in getting a
i trace of him.
Mrs. John Drake, who Is employed in a
i photograph gallery at 3 Brook place, off
Market, between Kearny street and Grant
i avenue, says she saw the thief steal the
I sack of coin. She describes him as being
: about 35 years of age, 5 feet 10 or 11 inches
I in height and having a light mustache.
He did not wear a collar and looked like
ian opium fiend. Immediately after steal
ing the money, she says, he quickly
1 walked up Market street.
The police are inclined to think that the
I bold thief followed Barneson from the
i bank and waited his opportunity to steal
i the sack of coin. It came when Barneson
; stopped to read the bulletins of the yacht
I race.
In many respects the bold thief is sim
ilar to the one by which Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s wagon was robbed of $f>ooo. It Is
claimed by the police that that crime was
committed by Casey and Kelly, members
of the Howard pang of Australian crooks,
but for lack of evidence to convict the sus
pects were not arrested.
new rules regarding the government of
the courts for his three months' tenure of
office. He wants all boys arrested for
violating the 8 o'clock ordinance to be
discharged without bail on the request
of the parents or guardians on their
promise to have the boy In court. He does
not want men arrested for a misdemeanor
to be handcuffed while being taken from
the prison to court. The other rule Is that
Bear warrants must not be issued
against hotel-keepers, business men or
lodging-house keepers except after due in
vestigation it is shown that a crime has
been committed.
• ♦ ■
Weary brains, nervousness, headaches, sleep
lessness quickly cured by Baldwin's Celery
Soda. 10c.
All Hollows Church Fair.
All Hallows Church fair is proving huc
cessful beyond expectation. The concert
by the French band, Mr. Legallet leader,
Friday night added greatly to the pleas
ures and profits of the evening. Last
night was butchers' night and they made
it look as .'f a baby bonanza had been un
earthed somewhere in the surrounding
hills. A grand entertainment, of which
W. .T. Hynes in his specialties will be a
feature. Is set for Monday night. The fair
Closes Tuesday.
Increased store space
gives improved facilities
Tomorrow morning we open with special
values in our enlarged, silk, ribbon, art and
drapery departments.
Silks
Blanket plaid waist — the latest effects shown in
fancy silk for this fall ; a large variety of choice colorings
in a superior quality; worth $1.00 and $1.25, now
75 C a yard
Ribbons
Fancy corded taffeta all silk ribbon 3^ inches wide In
white ground with hair line stripes and edges in pink,
blue, red and purple, worth 35 cents at
2 5c a yard
Spanish Work Doylies
Eight inches square in. a great variety of designs
25 C ea ch
Imported Madras
Suitable for sash and bed room curtains, forty-eight
inches wide in many handsome designs and choice colorings
worth 40 cents at
2 5c a yard
_~^_L — ~__
ia9 Kearny St.
MORE SCANDAL
FOUND IN THE
SCHOOL BOARD
Gedge and Conlon in
a Big Job.
$10,000 SPENT ON FURNITURE
♦
SUPERFLUOUS SUPPLIES FROM
FAVORED DEALERS.
*
A Charge That C. F. Weber & Co.
Furnished Articles in Extrav
agant Fashion — Spicy De
velopments Expected.
•
A meeting of the Finance Committee of
the School Board last Friday evening de
veloped another scandal in the board, In
volving Directors Conlon and Gedge, and
which may have serious results so far as
city finances are concerned.
In auditing the various bills presented
to the board the committee discovered
that the Supplies Committee, of which
Conlon and Gedge are members, had is
sued requisitions for school furniture
amounting In value to more than $10,000.
The requisitions had been recommended
by Conlon and Gedge, but had never been
authorized by the board.
Conlon was brought before the Finance
Committee and positively denied all
knowledge of thematter. According to one
of the members of the committee, how
ever, this denial was a lie, for an inspec
tor examined the requisitions and discov
ered that Conlon authorized them and
placed them with the firm of C. F. Weber
& Co., who furnished the goods to the
various schools. The inspector was sent
to the different schools of the city and
found that the sunnlies had been deliv
ered and were in use.
A special meeting of the Finance Com
mittee has been caled for Tuesday night
when the matter will be carefully looked
into and a report will be made to the full
board setting forth the facts.
Since the School Board is in difficulties
regarding finances and can scarcely carry
on the schools from month to month the
present exposure of a debt of $10,000 will
bring grave trouble to the school system
of the city, and may have serious results
that will be more far reaching than the
mere expenditure of so large a sum would
Indicate.
FREE BAPTISTS IN SESSION.
Mrs. Frances Pugh Elected Moder-
ator of the State Association.
The State Free Baptist Association met
yesterday with the congregation of the
Bush-street Baptist Church. Mrs. Frances
M. Pugh of Oakland was chosen mod
erator of the State Association. The
Pacilic Coast Union, an auxiliary body,
composed of Free Baptists whether or not
church members, elected the following
trustees: Q. C. Stillman, Petaluma; E. K.
Abbott, Salinas; Clark Hill, Corralltos;
Edwin Bothwell Jr., Oakland; Clark
Blethen, J. H. Norri% and Rev. Neil
Brandt, San Francisco.
Rev. Mr. Brandt, the new pastor of the
Bush-street church, preached the associa
tion sermon in the afternoon. His subject
was "The Christian Race."
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
"Resolved, That we extend our heart
felt sympathy to the First Baptist Church
of this city In view of their great loss and
sincerely hope thnt the catastrophe may
open the hearts of the many friends of
the church to aid them in rebuilding, so
that the glory of the second house shall
exceed that of the former.
"Resolved, That we regard the 'canteen
derision' of Attorney General (Jriprgs nul
lifying a law of Congress as the most out
rageous decision made by either court or
interpreting official since the days of the
Dred Scott decision. We earnestly request
the President of the T'nited States to en
forpe tho law of Congress against th»
army grogshop, according to the evident
intent of the law."
HIS HONOR CONGRATULATED.
When Judge Conlan took his seat on the
bencli yesterday morning he was present
ed with a beautiful bouquet of flowers
from some of the members of tlir> b;ir.
Attorney Mark said that he had pleas
ure in extending his congratulations to
the Judge on his renomination and
thanked him for the uniform kindness
and courtesy shown by him to the mem
bers of 'he bar irrespective of their polit
ical principles. That induced all to Join
in their congratulations.
Ex-Judge Ferral said he Indorsed heart
ily everything that had been said by At
torney Mack and thought the Judge's re
nomination showed that the people, irre
spective of party politics, found him a
tried, true and efficient Judge.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '._ _
We invite the public to inspect our Mag-
nificent Stock of NEW GOODS in all our
different departments, During the past week
we have received elegant lines of NEW
SILKS, NEW DRESS GOODS, NEW CREPONS,
NEW VELVETS, NEW CLOTHS, NEW TRIM-
MINGS, NEW RIBBONS, NEW LACES, NEW
SKIRTS, NEW GLOVES, NEW TIDIES, NEW
. LINENS, NEW CURTAINS and NEW
HOSIERY.
TWO SPECIALS.
750 pairs GOLDEN FLEECE WHITE BLANKETS, pure
Australian wool (all sizes), made expresslu for
O'Connor, Moffatt & Co,, at less than present cost to
manufacture.
1000 dozen GENTS' FINE LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKER-
CHIEFS (Irish manufacture) at lower prices than
similar goods have ever been sold hu us.
■
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
d$ Our Principles Are : 2§
I "The Best Work," 1
I "No Pain," I
I "A Fair Price." 1
|HE EVENINGS until 9. Sundays !»
5 aiiday - "VAN vpr&njvi» 5^
5» Full Set of Teeth, pain- V J-\ I^l V S\. \J \Jf I V & DOC
tC tH less extractions free..s4.OO up gj-
Gold Crowns, 22-k JI.SO up r\s\i-r n/i < *. f-.^. /-< c-i« •*?*
I^s Fiuinss 25c up 997 Market St., Corner Sixth, gf
| Teeth Without Plates Our -^ ,„..-„ nnc
fji Specialty. We give gas. GEO. W. KLEISER, D.D.S. Sg
MAY CLOSE HIS OFFICE.
Sheriff Martin Demands That Neces-
sary Supplies Be Furnished Him.
Sheriff Martin communicated his Inten
tion yesterday of depriving the people of
this important branch of the government
unless supplied with proper blanks and
other printed material with which to
carry on his work. The communication
follows:
"Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor City and
County of San Francisco— Dear Sir: This
is to notify you, and through you the
members of the Board of Supervisors,
that I shall be compelled to close down
the greater part of the business conduct
ed by the office of Sheriff for the reason
that I am unable to obtain from the Com
mittee on Printing the necessary blanks
required" to conduct said office.
"I have endeavored to curtail the sta
tionery and printing expenses of this of
fice by using blanks that were used by
my predecessors in office, as far back as
the administration of Sheriff I.ntimeister.
At the present this supply is about ex
hausted, and unless I am furnished with
the necessary printing- and stationery to
conduct the business of this office I shall
be compelled to cease doing business.
Yours very truly.
"HENRY S. MARTIN
'•Sheriff City and County of San Fran
cisco."
COURT NOTES.
John T. Hyland, a marine cook, was j
yesterday held to answer before the Su- |
perior Court by Judge Treadwell on the j
charge of burglary.
Miss Mary Bowen, a hunchback, living
on Pearl street, swore to a complaint In
Judge Graham's court yesterday for the j
arrest of her father, Dennis Bowen, on
the charge of battery.
G. E. Bush, a teamster at Sacramento
and Kearny streets, secured a warrant
from Judge Graham yesterday for the
arrest of his wife, Fannie, on a charge
of vagrancy.
The ca.«e of Bert A. Herrington. rx-
District Attorney of Santa Clara County, i
charged with perjury, was called in Judge
Graham's court yesterday, and at the r>>- ,
quest of the defendant was continued till j
October 17.
Mrs. J. B. Randall of 71S Bush street se- j
cured a search warrant from Judge Mo- |
pan yesterday to recover from Jane Doe
McNalr. 520 Edfly street, a packing case
containing curios and other articles val
ued at $500.
Candidates, have your cloth banners and
all printing done by first hands. Sterett
Poster Printing Co.. MS Market street. •
Service for Men Only.
Rev. MacH. Wallace will address a
meeting for young men only at the Young
Men's Christian Association Auditorium.
Mason and Ellis streets, this afternoon at
3 o'clock. His subject will be "Why r
Am a Christian." Young men in general
are invited to be present.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur rapes, cloaks.
Credit. 11. UothschUd, 331 Post at. •
AS YOU PLEASE ir- 1
| We cannot think of anything B
| that will be such a satisfactory B
| purchase as one of these tabourets B
| specially offered this week at $1.50 H
| THE J. NOONAN
I FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
I /O/7-/023 Mission street, I
3 fibove Slxtb- '
Phone Sonth 14. Open Erentngs.
Glassware.
Great Left Over Salb
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Importino; Tea Co.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
xoo Stores.
BRIISHFS FOR BERBERS. BAK-
UllUlJllJjlJ "> bootblacks, bath.
. „ _ nouses, billiard tables
briers bookbinders, candj-makers. earner*'
dj<r». flour. mills, foundries, laundries, pape":
a*nifer», printers. painters, shoe fictorW
«t«bl«nen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailor^ ,lta.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.Pages 11 to 20
CROWDS READ THE CALL'S YACHT RACE BULLETINS
Photographs Tell the Story of the
Utter Rout of Yellow Journal
ism and Its Faking Methods.
FROM time Immemorial the wood
sheds of the land have rung with
the Phrieks of bad boys to whom
the strap of correction was being
I In the hope that they might leave
off their mischievous ways and become
members nf society. Time and
In the woodshed of San Francisco
has The Call applied the chastening elip
the most prominent part of the
Iner bad boy. but he will continue
to tell lies. Nothing, it 6«iems. will break
him of the habit. Straps have been worn
or on him. Laths and inch boards and
rigs have been diligently applied
to that place upon hia person where it
was thought they would do th* most
No use; he continues to lie worse
thnn ever.
last Thursday The Call caught
him at it again. The yellow kid tried a
t-of-hand performance with the
people of San Francisco In an attempt to
blind them into the belief that he was
ring bulletins of the great inter
nal yacht race. He lied to them
pirate, but his work was too coarse,
■aught him dead to rights and early
morning The Call took him out into
■ •'odshed and gave him another lam
basting?. Everybody thought that tanning
last him for a long time — which
Dnly goes to show that they do not real
ize what an utterly hopeless little beast
the Kxamlner bad boy is. He was out
-VAST" THRONGS IN FRONT OF EXAMINER'S BULLETINS.
'i taken at 11:30 a. m. on Third street, showing the amount of interest being taken in Examiner bulletins
of th< i 'ht race.
bright and early yesterday morning with
another. Here it is:
Watch the Examiner bulletins on the
yacht race! They will give the news most
accurately, most fully and most rapidly.
The Examiner Is trusting to no experiments
In telegraphy. '• lg petting news by cable
anrt telegraph line direct from the scene cf
the race, where every sta^e can be noted,
wh^re the yachts will always be kept In
Right and tvliere they will be followed as
closely as the regulations of the course will
permit, frcm the start to the finish.
The wide world over the Mackay-Bennett
Itf FkOWT OF THE EXAMINER AT 10:30 O'CLOCK.
cables are famous, and one of these cables
carried on one of Its cable steamers will
be '"raid out" as the vessel follow» the
racing yachts. The cable will connect at the
land end with wires running: directly to the
New York Journal office and thence by spe
cial leased wire to the Examiner office in
Son Francisco. In this manner there will
be uninterrupted communication between
the cable steamer and the Examiner. Those
■who watch the bulletins will have the news
within a few seconds after It Is noted by
the correspondents who are watching the
race. There will be no need of waiting:
for from ten to twenty minutes after the
race 1* over or after It has been declared
oft to learn the facts. Just as on Thurs
day, the reading public will be informed of
what has happened without delay.
Plainly the Examiner bad boy Is a per
sistent brat. Undeniably his conscience
cannot be quickened by punitive appli
cations to his mendacious understanding.
Strap oil Is wasted upon him, shingles
sting him in vain. Only on« remedy ap
pears to be left. Make him swallow his
own lies, and, on the principle that like
cures like, or kills It, the Examiner yellow
kid may yet become a truthful boy or an
excellent fertilizer for the daisies.
The last lie of the Examiner bad boy did
not fool many people. Some few — very
few at that, made up of those who could
not get close enough to The Call board to
read the Marconi bulletins of the great
■
yacht race— stopped long enough yester
■ fi . ■ of the yellow kid's hastily
scrawled | I th^ holiowness
:■■!:«. In front of The Call
. real crowds from start to
finish of the ra at of the Exam
iner only what you could count at any
time on Your fingers and thumbs. The-
Call d I not ''.raw attention to this fact
in the way of a boast, but merely to show
that "fake" ran be and has been detected
and ha? bron rebuked. The statement Is
not offered, either, unsupported. Under
instructions from the. management of The
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
Call photographers went out yesterday
morniriK during the progress of the great
race between the Columbia and the Sham
rock. They had been directed to take
photographs at 10:30 o'clock and at 11:30
o'clock of the crowds In front of the office
of this paper and of the Examiner. They
did .-is Instructed. The photographs they
took are published herewith and speak for
themselves. They show undeniably where
the crowds were, and it goes without say-
Ing that, where crowds congregate, there
something is happening.
Look at the photographs. Count the
onlookers at the bulletins of the shame
less yellow kid, still smarting from con
tinued applications of the slipper. Try
it on the photographs of The Call crowds.
What? You give it up? You would think
the shameless examiner brat would do
the same, wouldn't you? Well; the
chances are that he will do nothing of the
kind. The little beggar must be wrong in i
the head. That would explain it. Noth
ing else can make clear any claims he :
may make to excellence for the miserable
showing he made on the third attempt to
sail he great yacht race.
Thousands and thousands of people in
this city had another opportunity yester
day to compare the bulletin service faked
and furnished by the yellow kid and that
sent out by Marconi on the wireless tele
graph to The Caii. As on the two ouier
occasions .when attempts have been made
to sail the yachi. race the great Italian
did all and more than he promised. ■ From
start to finish every movement of the
racers was follow"., in a running story,
lucid, Interesting and truthful. There was
no padding. Every word was intended to
count. There was no "perhaps" about it,
no "It seems" and "it appears," or "It
looks like," as the Examiner yellow kid
was forced to use in a fatuous effort to
deceive.
The Examiner bad boy, it will bo noted,
said in his matutinal lie: "Watch the
Examiner bulletins on the yacht race!
They will give the news most accurately,
most fully ami most rapidly." A few sam
ples taken at random, almost before those
who had been lured on the rocks of dis
appointment by the "dulcet" shrieks of
the Examiner's siren had time to recover,
will show how the bad boy fulfilled the
"most rapidly" part of his promise.
At 11:20 a. m.. New Fork time, the yel
low kid posted a bulletin that the starting
gun had been ftred and the yachts were
off. At 11:35 he posted anoth.r that the
wind had shifted and decreased to about
nine miles an hour. Ten minutes later,
apparently to show that the Shamrock
wasn't using her sails, he posted this:
"11:45 a. m.— Shamrock lowers her spin
naker and hoists it again after shaking it
out."
And— now note the "most rapidly"— at
11:55 a. m.. New York time, it posted the
following:
"Columbia's spinnaker flaps, somewhat
In the lightening breeze. The smoke of
excursion craft goes straight up out by
the yachts, which are now about five
miles from the starting point."
"Rapidly!" "Most rapidly!" You Just
wager it is. Poor Marccni, a stranger in
a strange land, could not keep up with
that sort of pace. Figure it out for your
self: Yachts started by the Yellow Kid
PHOTOGRAPHS SHOW WHICH WAY THE CROWDS GO.
Above are two photographs taken yesterday morning in front of The Call business office during the progress of the
great yacht race. The upper one was taken at 11:30 o'clock from the entrance of the building. The lower one was
taken at noon and shows the crowd directly in front of The Call's Marconi bulletins. Another photograph, reproduced
on tills page, will allow the reader to count the number of people In front of the Examiner's "perhaps" bulletins.
at 11:20 a, m., breeze nine knots an hour;
11:35 Shamrock takes in spinnaker, dusts
it and hoists it again; 11:55 a. tn.,
yachts about five miles from the start
ing point. Five miles in thirty-five min
utes in a nine-knot breeze, is a mile every
seven minutes. At tnat rate of "most
rapid" bulletins the entire course of fif
teen miles could be Kalleil In the same
breeze in 3 hours and 30 minutes.
■.Most rapidly!" Well, rather. Too
rapid for the managers of the race, who
allow the boats live hours and thirty
minutes to finish. Ton rapid, it seems, for
Columbia and Shamrock on two former
occasions to complete the course. Un
doubtedly rapid. The Yellow Kid must
have been traveling with the Prince of
Wales' set.
In another section of the matutinal lie
the Yellow Ki<l said he was trusting to no
( xporitnent, and furl her on, although he
refrained from referring to Marconi as
"Macaroni," ho sitick his tongue in his
sallow cheek ah<i Intimated unkind things
about the distinguished Italian whose
coming i i this country has resulted in the
yellow Infant's sore lambasting. H
he was i n Ihe Mackay-Benneti boat, get
ting news direel by cable from the scene
of the race. The <'all had the same thing,
i; also ha I the Associated Press bulletins,
and II had the Marconi service, which the
Yellow Kid pretends to look upon as an
experiment. The <"ai! received and still
has the Mackay-Bennett cable bulletins;
it also got and har the Associated Press
bulletins. It used neither for the very
good reason thai it had the real and only
things — the bulletins seni by Marconi's
own hand. The Examiner bad boy wan
I forced to use the others -when he did not
i fake, a brit t comparison of the two will
j not be amiss.
Af;.-r b few preliminary bulletins an
nouncing the maneuverings of the yachts
and the Intelligence thai the wind was,
blowing, with gi.od promise of a race, The i
<'ull at 8:15 a. m., San Francisco time,
posted a bulletin announcing that the pre- :
paratory signal gun had been tired. The
Yellow Kid posted similar Intelligence nine
minutes later. At 8:20 a. m. The Call
announced the start, and at 8:25 a. m. the !
Examiner's bad boy Mew his tin whistle
to Indicate thai the race was on. At the
same time The Call posted a bulletin that j
the Columbia had crossed the line, and
four minuti s later tho Yellow Kid repeated
the news. Then again, at 8:38 o'clock, San
FranclfcCO time, he posted this, to make
sure, possibly, that his first bulletin had j
not been misunderstood: "They are off—
Journal." He might as well have included
himself with the Journal to make the
plural of those off.
At 9:56 a. m., Saji Francisco time, as
another instance of the Examiner bad
boy's "most rapidly," he put the Sham
rock 200 yards ahead on the bulletin
board. Two minutes later he put out a I
bulletin that the yachts were on even |
terms, raring neck and neck. Pretty rap
idly itself, but nothing to the next one.
At 10:55, San Francisco time, the Yellow
j<i(i posted:
ASBURY PARK— Columbia now
appears to be gaining on Shamrock.
The boats from here appear to ba
about a quarter of a mile apart.
Three miles from stakeboat.
Three minutes later the Examiner Yel
low Kid, baring Mown on the sails,
caused both yachts to turn the stakeboat,
Columbia leading, a minute ahead of the
Shamrock. Accornlnp to the yellow Ex
aminer's own bulletins, just quoted, the
Columbia had in three minutes not only
overcome the Shamrock's lead of one
quarter of a mile, but both yachts had
sailed three miles in three minutes.
A mile a minute. That beats Southern
Pacific time all hollow. "Most rapidly."
thanks to the Yellow Kid. Undoubtedly
he must have been traveling with the
Prince.
For all the "most rapidly" of the Yel
low Kid, he could not manage to make It
CROWD AROUND THE CALL BOARD AT 10:30 O'CLOCK.
Pages 11 to 20
A City Full of People Testifies to
the Splendid Service Rendered
by Signor Marconi.
at critical times. Mr. Marconi, strangor
as he is in a strange land, sent a bulletin
at 1:40 p. m., New York time, posted here
at 10:41 a. m. by The Call, to the following
effect: 1:40 p. m. — Shamrock turns. Co
lumbia turns a few seconds later." On
The Call's mimic ocean, in accordance
with Marconi's bulletin. Shamrock was
ahead of Columbia, In a bulletin some
fifteen or twenty minutes later the Ex
aminer corrected its chart and put the
Shamrock where Marconi said she was.
Quite a concession from the perverse yel
low Examiner kid.
At 11:16 a. m., San Francisco time, he
was at it again, posting a bulletin. "Co
lumbia appears to have regained ilm
lead." The Call, a minute before posted:
"Columbia goes on port tack. Has not
succeeded in reducing Shamrock's lead."
At 11:17 the Examiner boy put m;t this
one: "1:52 p. m., Columbia has lead and
is outpointing Shamrock"; and at 11:19
a. m. this <m>/: "2 p. m.. Shamrock gains
a trifle in tacking-, but is still behind."
How do these bulletins compare with
this one from Marconi, posted by The
Call at 11:22 a. m., San Francisco tlmo:
Columbia has not been in the lead
since the yachts turned the stake
boat.
It's Marconi and the Examiner bad boy
for it. Which will you believe?
The bad boy. a few minutes later, evi
dently believed Marconi, for at 11:30, San
Francisco time, he put the Shamrock
ahead on the cornice, in utter disregard
for another of his bull. -tins that read:
"Now York, I'io.'i p. m., Columbia out
pointing Shamrock and sailing like a
witch in the light breezes "
But what's the use of sroing- further?
What's tlip use of catching the yellow
kid in lies out of his own mouth? What's
the use of showing the slips he made, like
this ridiculous one, for instance:
"N. V., 12:28 a. m.- Mr-. Iselin comes on
deck cf Columbia. Wind is ten miles an
hour at the Hook."
If the Mackay-Bennett was near enough
to the race to see Mrs. [selin come on
the Columbia's deck how in thunder could
even a pig see the wind blowing ten miles
an hour at Sandy Hook?
It would tire a horse u> show the ridioti
lousness of the yellow kid's preti ■:
and the hollowness of his perform..:
but a brief glance at the conclusion will
do no harm:
At 1:31 p. m.. San Francisco time, The
Call posted the announcement, "Race
off."
At 1:34 p. m. the Chronicle followed
suit.
At 1:43 p. m. the Examiner bad boy did
likewise and two minutes later he blew
his tin whistle to emphasize the fact that
the racb was off.
Shame! shame! little yellow boy! to let
your granny on the Chronicle beat you
out that way. Shame!
The superiority of The Call's service
was so marked that comparison is hardly
necessary to convince the people of San
Francisco that wireless telegraphy is an
adjunct to modern journalism that places
it far and away ahead of the old method.
What Sanarelli did for humanity Marconi,
his distinguished countryman, has done
for the progressive newspaper— made it
immune to the ravages of the yellow mi
crobe. In San Prancisco the people have
seen it tried, and any number of them
stand ready to testify with The Call that
wireless telegraphy is no experiment.
This paper received yesterday two splen
Continued on Fifteenth Page.12
SAN FRANCISCO
SHIPPING GOODS
THE WORLD OVER
Not Enough Vessels
to Handle Trade.
LIGHTSHIP BACK ON THE BAR
SEVERAL CHANGES ARE MADE
AMONG HER OFFICERS.
■ ♦
Governors of Washington and Kansas
Visit the lowa — Accident to the
Battleship's Launch — "Water
Front Notes.
Enormous quantities of merchandise are
being shipped ovit of San Francisco. Every
transport that sails carries from one to
three* thousand tons and there are not i
enough vessels to carry all the goods of- j
firing for the Orient, Hawaii and AUS- ;
tralia. The Mariposa; which sailed a lew
days ago lor New Zealand auul Australia,
had to refuse freight fur Honolulu, as she
could not carry all the freight offered for
Samoa, New Zealand md New South
Wales. The steamer Australia, due Tues
day, will carry to Honolulu a very big
cargo, as every inch of space has been
engaged.
In order to help out the situation in the j
Australian freight business the British j
chin lvanhoo has been put on the berth
for Sydney, N. S. W. She will load gener
al merchandise.
Four vessels cleared yesterday with i
very large cargoes. The George Curtis
has* $102,000 worth of machinery and gen- ;
tral merchandise aboard for Honolulu. I
She was so deeply laden that two tugs
could not get her out of the mud. Four
tugs will haul her out of her berth to
day and she will then proceed to sea. i
The Palmyra cleared for Sydney, N. S.
-\y. with IiS.OOO feet of lumber and gen- >
eral merchandise valued at Jiis,uoo. The i
Tropic Bird had so much freight for Ta- |
hit I that s-he was six days behind her con- \
tract time in getting away, wTiile the j
Fieamer Curacao took away 561,000 worth ;
of merchandise for Mexican ports.
The Governor of Washington and the ;
Governor of Kansas and their staffs were
the guests of the Harbor Commissioners I
on the tug Governor Markham yesterday, i
Senator Perkins, Congressman Kahn and j
Mayor Phelun were also members of the j
party. All the points of interest on tne |
bay "were, visited and then the party
boarded the battleship lowa. On their !
departure a salute of seventeen guns '
was fired.
The Washington boys will be received
in the grand nave of the new ferry de
pot on their arrival. The Harbor Commis- |
(■•loners yesterday gaye the use of the j
building to the committee.
John Horgeon; second mate- of ..the
Fteamer Columbia, had a narrow escape
from death yesterday. He mad a hearty
lunch off canned mackerel and shortly I
afterward was taken violently sick. Dr. I
Morrison was sent for in a hurry and af
ter working over the sick officer for half
an hour pronounced him out of danger, j
Jforgcon will not eat canned mackerel
again in a hurry.
Dr. Percy Crandnll of the battleship
lowa has been relieved from - duty and I
ordered to New York, where he will t;:ke
charge of the New York Naval Hospital.
Captain of Marines Karmony of the lowa
has been ordered to marine headquarters
at Washington and his place will be taken
by Captain Lowndes of the Newark.
The lightship was out on the bay ad
justing her compasses yesterday. To-day
Fhe takes her station on the bar again.
Chief Engineer Lee does not go out on
her, his place being taken by Second En
pinker Guiterrez. First Mate Hubner also
leaves the lightship and Second Mate !
Turner tali his place. There has been
pome ill feeling among the crew of the
lightship and the changes are the result
of an investigation into complaints made.
Two separate funds for the- relief of the
families of the men wounded on the trans
port Sherman have been raised on the
transport wharf. The clerks in the quar
termaster's department subscribed most
liberally and every m:in in the stevedore's
department gave something. Quite a large J
Bum was raised and will be distributed i
among the different families this week.
The tugs Alert and Transit will be en- j
paged all of to-day laying a new cable for I
the Postal Telegraph to replace the one \
broken by the raft.
One of the lowa's launches broke down !
yesterday. A manhole gasket blew out j
and the women passengers got a great |
pcare. A signal to the lowa brought an
other launch to the assistance of the dis
abled one ami she was towed back to the
battleship. The [ova will be open to the
public again to-day and the launches j
Sybil, Amy and William D will run to her i
from the Folsom-street float as usual.
HOLL IS COMPLETED.
Auditor Wells Breaks the Record and
Saves Considerable Money.
Tax sally
forth and collect th<
Auditor Wells c< mpl< I
puting ■
rebati iy, and Deputy >
Clerk rd and tl
affixed i . there!
mini
taxes will be re> : Auditor
Wells has broken a r
roll i-
I al tlm< . T
■ ddltional labor "f settlii ■
With a s:: '
ich in Itself is worth
• will
form, and it is ... work of
luded with
New Charter Decision.
A very lively Interest was manifested
by office-holders and citizens in general
over the outcome of the charter case:?
now before, the Supreme Court for dcci-
Finn. The cases of Fragley and of Mar
tin, Deane and other city and county of
ficers aerainst the Election Commissioners
to prevent the holding of .-.ii election this
fall and to have he new charter declared
unconstitutional wc-re .submitted a week
ago. As the Supreme Court goes to Los
Angeles to-day to hold session it was
believed that the decision in the cases
would be handed down before the de
parture of the Justices. There were all
kinds of rumors afloat yesterday to the
effect that a decision had been made. This
was Incorrect. It is likely that the deci
sion will be given while the court is in
Los Angeles, as that tribunal will be in
session there for a week at least.
D. M. Bull, O. A. Lane, J. C. Watson,
J. M. Gleavea and James G. MEaeuire have
incorporated the Verdi Consolidated Min
ing < Company, w I
. which ST! 1 . 1 ' 1 " 1 has been subscribed.
© ®®®®®®®©®®® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
® ®
i The Best is "Dr. Pierces." I
® ©
(?) ■ : ~ — ■ ®
® ,<?" >< Try an Electric Belt for that pain, ®
® /% % Weakness, Lame Back or anything n
fa 1% $k else that alls you (except poverty), and w
Jr V*■ *|fi y»U will be pleased with the result. ®
V* jP*ta •«*»«! Electricity will brace you up, put new ®
® /ii !>f >**^ f' a^B life into you and make you feel twenty fa
® fl^ ** Y~s years younger than you do at present. i:
fa VS j'*K#k M ■ That's what a GOOD Electric Belt will ®
A M -tt^^Wl do; but be sure you get a good one ®
® \ V^?:fes^f while you are about it. In short, BUY a,
® '^?MS? i *' { Ww X No BELT TILL YOU SEE "DR. ®
® g&o PIERCES." ®
® \^l^|^W^^^fM^^%J\' ? r Se ? d . 2 cents ln stan iPS for "Booklet ®
fa I. A 1 \ . Send 2 cents In stamps for "Booklet ®
I \ \ ' ' "piercelelectric co, I
| \ / PIERCE ELECTRIC CO, •
fa 620 Market et. (opposite Palace Hotel), fa
SAN FRANCISCO. @
® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®®®®©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
ANOTHER HEROIC ACT
BY ENGINEER WILLS
DISTRICT ENGINEER JOHN
WILLS performed another act of
heroism yesterday, an act none
the less heroic because the sub
ject was a Chinese woman, who died
after having been taken out of a
burning building by the brave fireman
at the risk of his own life in trying
to save her?.
The fire broke out at 8:45 o'clock in
the morning in the second story of a
ac lodging-house at X' : v Bartlett
alley. Between twelve and f< •
Chinese lodgers were asleep a 1 the
time, and they would have been suf
focated by the smoke had it not been
fi r Kirn Qu, a woman 22 years old
employed by Ah Chut, the lodging
bouse keeper. The woman ran from
room to room and awakened the in
mates, and these abandoned the
woman to her fate and escaped
:h two window? to a balcony.
TO SELECT THE
UNIFORMS FOR
THE GUARDSMEN
The Board Opens Bids
of Nine Firms.
The boprd on uniforms for the National
aslsting of Major General J. H.
Dickinson, Colonel Cutler and Lieut<
f, met yi sti rday In division
■• ra for th< pui of opening
: ;■ uniforms. There were seve::
for principal articles called for, and two
•iiy.
bids were opened in the following
order:
man, Rothschild & Co., city-
Blouses $3 65, trousers $2 24, overcoats
1.. Z0',.1.1 city— Caps SO et-nts.^^^^^H
Pettibone Bros. Company, Cincinnati—
Blouses S3 54, trousers ?2 _, (reinforced 30
cents extra), overcoats $8 40, caps 73 cents.
C. Coopey, Portland, Or.— Blouses $3 93,
trousers $2 62.
The M. C. Lillle Company of Cleveland.
O.— Blouses $3 39, trousers $2 25 (reinforced
b'i cents extra), overcoats $9 55, caps 78
cents.
J. M. Lltchfield & Co., city— Blouses
$3 74, trousers $2 37 (reinforced 59 cents ex
tra), overcoats ?9 60, caps 72 cents. .
Brown Bros. & Co., Blouses $4 07, 1
trousers $2 46, overcoats $9 87.
Pasquale & Co., city— Caps 81 cents.
After all the bids had been read the
statement was made that two of the bid
ders, Hoffman, Rothschild & Co. and C.
Coopey, had not segregated the bids for
blouses and trousers, and they were re
quested to comply "with that portion of
the specifications.
The representative of the Pettibone
Company objected to the bids being
changed after they had been opened. The
board ruled that it had a right to order
such a change. The representative said it
was not fair to allow bidders to make al
terations after having heard the bids of
others, but he was ruled out of order. The
representative did not reply, but ho
"looked a look" at the board.
The board then announced that it would
on Wednesday next decide which bids
would be considered, and further, that it
would have the samples tested, and that
in order to So so pieces would be cut out
of different articles. The board then dis
cussed the best methods of having the
goods tested, and agreed upon a plan by
which the expert shall not know whose
goods he Is exporting, y
It is stated that the officers of the De
portment o£ California. V. S. A., have of
to tesi the K'">ds offered, but It Is
not known if the board will accept the
Those who arc Interested in bar-
Ing tho guard furnished with serviceable
SB the hope that the board
will have the besl tost made and tho con
tors be held to a strict accountability.
Orders from brigade headquarters direct
in A. .A. Hanks, A. D. C, to pre-
Bide at an election for first lieutenant of
; any G, Fifth Infantry, vice G. H.
Wetnern, term expired. Paragraph 2 of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
from which they dropped into the al
ley.
They informed District Engineer
John Dougherty that a woman was in
the house, and Mr. Dougherty ] O st no
time In notifying Mr. Wills, who was
engaged in directing the work of the
firemen from the Dupont street Bide.
Engineer Wills, without a moment's
hesitation, rushed into the building
ami hastily groped his way upstair a
through thp thick smoke. He found
Kirn Qu lying on a matting couch un.
conscious. Wills lifted the insensible
firm upon Ir's shoulder and made for
the rear stairway, leading into Bart
lett alley. The stairs were ablaze by
this time, and the irritating smoke
Minded and almost suffocated the
brave fireman, but he staggered
through th" tierce heat with the
white man's burden upon his back,
and reeled Into-the alley like a drunk
en man. amid the cheers of the spec
tators. The woman v.as taken out of
the crowd and a physician summoned,
bui before he arrived she was dead.
Only a few a conda after Wills
emerged from the burning building
bearing the woman the balcony, with
leven firemen, members of No,
l engine company, fell to the ground
with d crash. The firemen fortunate
ly escaped with only a few slight
liruisi s and scratches.
District Engineer Dougherty said
thai it was fortunate for the China
mi n who escaped that tho thick
wooden bars which had protected the
back windows had been removed a
f< v> days previously by his orders. He
has ordered the removal of all bars
fr-m windows and doors, and is oblig
ing the OTI era of Chinatown build
:nns to erefct fire escapes,
The damage to the building and con
tents will not exceed Jlwx). It la owned
by <;. Chichlzola
the orders, which Is in the following
words, shows that the office boy has got
his work In again in the presentation of
military English:
11. The presiding officers must notify the
officer elected that they must appear before
the Examining Board for examination when
notified and pass an examination as to his
knowledge in the following, etc.:
Colonel Cluff, adjutant on the division,
staff, has applied for a 10-year service
medal.
Henry w. Emerson, second lieutenant
of Company C, Fifth lufajury, located at
Petaluma, has resigned.
Kii.-i Sergeant J. W. Claypool has been
: second lieutenant of Company E,
Fifth Infantry, vice W. K. Bean, re
signed.
The following orders for target practice
by the Naval Militia have been Issued:
I. Permission from General and Division
Headquarters, .v O. c., having been granted
to hold the September Target Practice of the
Naval Militia, X. G. '' in the month of Octo
• ber, IMS, on account of the cruise on the
United States steamship Badger in September
, ISS9, the target practice of the Naval Militia
for the year IS9O will be held as follows:
The First, Second and Engineer Divisions
will shoot at Shell Mound Park; two scores
during the month of October and two scores
during the month of November, 1899, and the
commanding oflicer of each division is hereby
detailed as Inspecting officer. In the absence
of the commanding officer, the divisional olHoer
next in rank shall act as inspecting officer.
11. The Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth and that
portion of tbe Engineer Division assigned to
the United States steamship Pinta will shoot
in their respective localities; two scores in i < ■■-
tober and two scores in November, 1899. The
commanding officer ct each division is hereby
detailed as inspecting olHcer, and In bis ab
sence the divisional oflicer next in rank will
act as Inspecting officer.
111. All the above practice rhaJl be with
the I^ee magazine rifle.
IV. ■;!:•■ Held and .-(.iff of th.^ battalion sta
tioned on board the Un!te<l amship
Marion will shoot with revolvers fit SheU
Mound Park, under the Inspection of th<
nance officer, and In his absence under the
ranking offlcer presfnt: two scores in October
aad two scores in November, I '
The field and staff Btationed on board
(he United States steamship I'inia will shoot
with revolvers under the Inspection of the
commandinEr officer of the Third I'lvislon N
, M.. N. G. I.
VI. Colta 38-caliber United States Navy reg
ulation revolver shall be used In all pistol prac
tice.
W. T. Bonne;.' has been rocnmmonrlpd
as acting- chief engineer of the Naval Mi
litla, vice Chief Engineer Kingßland, ab
sent on leave.
An election has been ordered in the sec
ond division, vice Lieutenant W. E. Gunn,
resigned, and In the first division to fill
vacancies caused by the expiration of the
terms of Lieutenant Junior Grade Eman
uel and Ensign Morrison.
As a result of the recent cruise on the
Badger orders will he Issued that no one
shall be appointed petty officer unless he
shall be able to pass an examination in
which he shall receive 90 per cent. The
petty officers now in the service will all
undergo an examination before next De
cember.
There is still a vacancy on the division
staff caused by the death of Paymaster
Emerle. It is reported that there is to
be another vacancy in that staff at an
early day, but who it Is that is going out
is not announced.
There will be a special meeting of the
Veteran Signal Corps in the Ellis street
armory on the night of the 14th lnst. for
the purpose,, as the announcement signed
by George Daly, O. G., commander, and
Charles B. Potter Jr., adjutant, says, "of
welcoming home the last of our comrades
from the Philippines. Business will be dis
pensed with as far as possible; the sub
ject of dues will not even be hinted at;
there will bo something to eat, something
to drink and a pipe or two, so no mem
ber need bo scared away."
— . * .
A YEAR OF GOOD WORK.
Annual Meeting of the Local
Red Cross.
The San Francisco Red Cross Society
held Its annual meeting yesterday after
noon at the rooms of the Philomath Club,
Van Ness avenue. Reports of the years
work were made by the offlrers and a
new board was elected. President Mrs.
John F. Merrill stated in her opening re
marks that few of the members thought
: at the last annual session that when the
! next year rolled around it would find the
country ptlll involved in war.
"Unfortunately for us and our institu
tion this mest harassing, perplexing and
irritating cenflict is still upon us with no
prospect of speedy peace. Through all
this trying year we of the Red Cross have
felt with ever deeper convictions that so
i long as our soldiers are passing back and
I forth through our Golden Gate that we
too, cannot lay down our arms, for there
must always be something that we can do
for those who are doing so much for us
I across the seas."
She said that the work of the ladies
I which was formerly endured by the army
I officials, was now invited, and as a fur
' ther proof of the high esteem In which
tho society is now held it was announced
! that Mrs. Merrill had had conferred upon
, her the honor of being elected a corre
j epondlng member of the National Asso
: elation of Military Surgeons.
I On© of the most interesting reports was
TWO THOUSAND
PHILADELPHIAN
FIRMS TO AID
Allies for the Traffic
Association.
— • —
NEW YORK AND BOSTON JOIN
•
LOS ANGELES ALSO PROMISES
CO-OPERATION.
♦
Preparations Are Further Forwarded
for the Great Fight in Be
half of Pacific Coast
Trade,
♦
Two thousand commercial houses of
Philadelphia will stand with the Pacific
Coast Traffic Association in the fight be
; fore the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion. These 2UOO houses are members of
the Trade .League of Philadelphia. Tho
secretary of the Trade League has sent
this word: "1 am interested in maintain
ing the same rates from seaboard cities
to California as formerly applied and do
not think that Mississippi Klver points
are entitled to any lower rates, as they
have no water competition to contend
with, while we have constantly."
In addition many more thousands of
Eastern houses included in the member
ship of. the following organizations are
pledged: New England Hardware Deal
ers' Association. New York Hardware
Club, Hardware Merchants' and Manu
facturers' Association of Philadelphia,
Southern Hardware Jobbers' Association
of Arkansas and Texas Hardware Job
bers' Association. The secretary of the
Texas Hardware Jobbers' Association
has sent the following: "The question
presented is of vital interest to all iexas
jobbers, as we are placed in almost the
same position us you are against the .Mid-
I die West Jobbers.
I Events are speeding. Friday an asso
! ciatioa was formed in th« short space or
about an hour. Saturday the executive
committee met and appointed a commit
tee consisting of Wakeheld Baker ana L.
Guggenheim to engage an attorney to
appear at Washington before the Inter
state Commission. The committee .also
elected R. 11. Bennett secretary and L. |
R. Lilienthal treasurer. Yesterday a mes- i
sage was received from the Merchants ■
ana Manufacturers' Association of Los |
Angeles as follows: "We assure you of
hearty co-operation, as we realize the
vital nature of the matter." The Los
Angeics Association also hoped that a j
solid front would be presented before the
Interstate Commerce Commission.
Everything is ready to begin to collect
funds, A blank form, is in readiness for
use this week. '-'j.
Good reports are expected from the rep
resentatives of California who went north
last week to awaken the northern job
bers and wholesalers in Seattle and fa
coma. These were A. L. Scott of Miller,
Sloss & Scott; A. C. Rulofson of Baker &.
Hamilton; Arthur Towne of Blake, Mof- ;
! iitt & Towne, and Charles Tay of George
H Tay & Co. These representatives were
I instructed to try to get the entire job
i bing trade of the Northwest to work in |
concert and a»~~a unit in opposition to the
graded rates proposed by the St. Louis
All the indications are that the fight |
before the Interstate Commissioners Will
be notable from several points of view.
All railroads doing business east of Chi
cago will necessarily favor the contention
of the Pacilic Coast. On the other side
will be arrayed St. Louis, Chicago, St.
Paul and railroads bound up with the ;
business of these communities. The at
torney for the Pacific Coast Trafllc As
sociation will be named next Tuesday by
| the committee.
Mrs. F. G. Sanborn's narrative of the
experiences of the transportation com
mit te; She spoke of the "muggins of
masco a" that had given the committee
and condemned the regi
ments for allojrtng the boys to follow
them away from their homes. Her dis
course was replete with amusing Inci
and abounded in happy suggestions
fur ihe future work of the committee.
Mrs A W. Scott spoke of the Presidio
tent and Mrs. W. B. Harrington talked in
a general way of the work throughout the
city and Suite. The treasurers report
Bhowed ;i balance on hand at the date "f
the meeting of 14165 73. The receipts dur
ing the year were J3982 71 and the balance
at the last report $m,157 83. The expen
- were $18,974 81.
Mrs. Charles H. (Jreenleaf, wife of Ma
jor <in enl< ■■'! "> the society to
assist her financially and otherwise In es
tablishing a circulating library for the
Boldier boys at Manila. She pictured the
■h an institution and the good
.1.1 do. Mrs. l. Lowenberg was
! as a committee to assist Mrs.
In the work. A meeting will
Id next Wednesday night at Mrs.
rooms at the Pleasanton to
discuss the- matter.
The following board of directors was
elected for the ensuing year: Mrs. John
F. Merrill, Mrs. Willard B. Harrington,
Miss Anna W. Beaver, Mrs. L. L. Dun
bar, Mrs. L Lowenberg, Mrs. C. W. Stack,
Mrs. James Elder. Mrs. Arthur Cornwall,
Mrs. Wendell Easton, willard B. Har
rington, Mrs. A. S. Hubbard, Mrs. W. H.
Mills, Mrs. L. W. Martinez, Mrs. J. G.
Clark, Mrs. Henry R. Freeman, Mrs. Lou
la Sloss, Mrs. \V. R. Smedberg, Mrs. J.
H. Dickinson. Miss Carrie Gwln, Mrs.
Agnes W. Flint, Mrs. M. G. Buckingham.
Mrs Robert Mackenzie, Mrs. faMwin S.
Breyfogle, Mrs. W. P. Shaw, Mrs. J. F.
Loosby, Mrs. F. <J. Sanborn.
The directors selected Mrs. Merrill as
president. Mil - Beaver first vice presl-
Mrs. Sanborn Becond vice president,
Mrs. Lowenberg third vice president, Mrs.
Buckingham fourth vice president, Mrs.
Harrington treasurer, Mrs. Slack corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. Breyfogle re
cording secretary.
During the meeting music was furnished
by the Twenty-eighth Infantry band from
the Presidio under the leadership of
Bandmaster Scott Cameron.
Masonic Grand Lodge.
The Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted
Masons will hold Its fiftieth annual con
vi ':aion in the Masonic Temple in this
city for thf> transaction of such business
as shall come before it during the several
days that it shall remain in session and
to elect officers for the ensuing term.
Charles L. Patton, at present deputy
grand master, will be the successor of
Judge F. M. Anp^ilotti, -the grand master.
THE
PEERLESS
OIL
COMPANY
Offers 5000 shares of Its stock at
$1 per share.
Capital stock 100,000 shares.
Par Value |10 00 per share.
This company's property consists
of 100 acres of patented land in the
very center of the famous
Kern River District,
Midway between the ELWOOD
WELL and the TIBBETTS WELL
(both producers), and it Is sur-
rounded by wells in various stages
of development
INVITED INVESTIGATION IS
A contract for sinking is about
to be let and a strike of oil may
be expected at 220 to 250 feet depth.
OFFICE— Room 47, Eighth Floor,
Mills Building
CAUGHT BETWEEN
TWO CARS AND
SERIOUSLY HURT
Accident to Eleven-
Year-Old Boy.
— — ♦ —
HIS RIGHT FOOT CRUSHED
♦
FRANK SMITH MAIMED BY A
FREIGHT TRAIN.
— : — » .
Through Rare Presence of Mind the
Boy Managed to Escape Being
Mangled Into a Shape
less Mass.
Frank Smith, aged 11 years, narrowly
escaped being killed by a freight train at
Twentieth and Illinois streets late yester- \
flay afternoon. As it was, he had his
right foot crushed to such an extent that
amputation may be necessary.
Shortly after 5 o'clock the unfortunate
boy was returning to his home at 908 ll
linoia street, and as his progress was
blocked by a freight train he started to j
cross between two of the cars. Just as
he placed his hands on the iron coupling
that held the cars preparatory to jumping
over it the train started. The hapleas j
boy was knocked down, the wheel crush- '
ing his right foot.
How he escaped being Instantly killed
seems miraculous. After the train had :
gone on for a short distance one of the j
members of the crew saw the boy lying
on the road and he at once signaled the
engineer to stop. With the assistance of
a bystander the unfortunate child was
carried to his home, where a doctor was
summoned. Subsequently young Smith
was sent to the City and County Hos
pital and treated by Dr. Onesti.
The boy claims that after he had started
to cross between the cars the man in
charge* gave the signal to the engineer to
proceed:
"Seeing my danger," he said, when giv
ing his version of the accident, "I en
deavored to jump over the coupling that
held the cars, when I was knocked down
I had the presence of mind to quickly re
gain my feet and tried to get out of the
way or the cars. The next instant the
front wheel of the last car struck my foot
and passed over It. Stunned from the
I shock, I threw myself off the track, which
act saved my life."
Involuntary Bankrupt.
A. O. Mulligan, Scott & Manner and the
American Bank and Trust Company of
San Francisco filed a petition In the
1 "lilted States District Court yesterday
asking that the William Kerr Company
be declared an involuntary bankrupt.
Mrs. Minnie Adams, convicted of the
murder of her 2-year-old son, John Rich
ard Grey, was taken before JudKe I^awlor
for sentence yesterday, but at the request
of her counsel, J. N. K. Wilson, next Sat
urday was set for the argument of a mo
tion for a new trial, and the matter of
•entence was postponed.
! "ALL THE WORLDS A STAGE." |
I And A al/^he'me? and^men *^^^*^*^*^W*<b*^^. In c f |' r on ro^ e d d belly wlth ood A
& ™ me >!' ely a^' erS: , + J(k , f ■ * With eyes severe and beard of if
•gf They have their exits and their * j^ 4> formal cut *£•
4+ * entrances; ,--"-, I / \^. * Full of wise saws and modern
T? And one man in his time plays «> M NSk' * instances; *5*
-^ „, many parts, 5 J^__ j _.aiS*'orll And so he Plays his part. The ii.
<f His acts being seven ages. At $ rf!t& €^Sllfev * sixth age shifts *
T^ at fl , r ( s t the infant * WM& f#§^o i Into the lean and slippered pan- A
«. Mewling and puking In his * « / \SM ( I taloon
T in nU />? c ' S a vf ms -., , f UO Si^=\ * With spectacles on nose and
j& And then the whining school- * \#^» wß&^'\ T pouch on side;
T a b0 y> vi , th his satchel ■ * . A r*~*? J&^L/ % His youthful hose, well saved, atT
«& And shining morning face, 4 // \ J&r//r/J * ' world too wide O.
A. iT T ,« ( ;mf Pln ! r lik t snail . I yZl__s?^^ r^%/ ♦ For his shrunk shank; and his T
-g* Unwilling to school. And then f /&^B&^^ y2^. Wr manly voice. *?►
4* Rii vt r ' , , ♦ iCS^^T^&Si^^&sa * Turning again toward childish &
J? Sighing ike furnace, with a * /gfe^fj^^ '->''' /WfiC^tp'^^rV I ' treble, pipes >= *fT
| PuH^^^o^. and | #j|lf|ff I That^this strange eventful f
? JcaluTYn 1 V ke the pa / d> ♦ t^W^hOmmU^'W^ t Is second childishness and mere
j£ Jealous in honor, sudden and % |^lWi£iF 'TO V 1 oblivion, 2
T B«SS?t£W 1 #; X % (J(W ♦ Sans teeth ' sans eyes, sans €'
Even In the ca ■ PUtatl ° n ♦ * taste, sans everything. &,
«|* And then the 'jusUce S . m ° Uth *^>*<f>#<S>*«>#<s>*<S.-*^*^#<s>*<3>*^*<s.#<g>*^* — " You Like It; Act 11, 3
" ° ene '*
* If
t ap| |
I I
i™ "S 3 9 1 IP 8 IRU §^ 1 E Ol
1 |
I I
* With the beginning of the Autumn-Winter term, Monday, %
| October 16th, THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL will present a series }
*of popular studies in SHAKESPEARE. We promise an attract- f
$. ive course. The plays to be read will be presented in the *
*■ following order: f
t *
-B /. Love's Labor's Lost 5. As You Like It *
jgt a,
* 2. Comedy of Errors. 6. Othello. %>
*
* 5. King Richard 111. 7. King Lear. ?
| 4. The Taming of the Shrew. 8. Conolanus. |
i •'"'.' ■ I
I Free of Charge===A 32=Page Booklet, Handsomely Illustrated. *
* It tells all about the Home Study Circle and the pro- *
*. ' gramme of studies for the coming term, /Mailed on request. f
I
4* Address Home Study Circle, The San Francisco/ Call, San Francisco, Cal. %»>
"^ *?*
DECISION OF THE
SUPREME COURT
ON THE CHARTER
Report of a Peculiar
Compromise.
COUNTY OFFICERS ARE SAFE
THEY MAY SERVE OUT THEIR
FULL TERMS.
San Francisco May B« Compelled to
Jfodst Under a Confusing Com
posite Government for
Three Years.
Rumors were rife yesterday that the
Supreme Court had rendered its decision
I in reference to the legality and constitu
; tionality of the charter, and that the
opinion of the court would be handed '
down when the tribunal assembled at I
Los Angeles. The members of the court
1« ft yesterday afternoon for the southern
I city and no absolute confirmation of the
i reports could be obtained. Those that
1 are perhaps in a position to know declare,
however, that the decision has been writ
ten and is essentially a compromise opin
ion sustaining the constitutionality of the
i charter and establishing the legality of
I Its adoption, but granting to the county
S officers the full term for which they were
elected.
This means that purely county officers,
such as the Sheriff, Coroner, County Clerk,
I Recorder, District Attorney and Public
! Administrator, will hold office for four
years from last January. Not long sinco
the Supreme Court decided that the coun
ty officers under the provisions of the
county government act held office for
four years. It is presumed that this act
I is superior to the charter, which would
possess a retroactive power if it nullified
the law under which the counties of the
State are governed.
If the opinion of the Supreme Court be
as it has been represented the officials
that have a purely municipal power must
be elected at the approaching election, it
being assumed that the people of the city
have the right to dictate their own affairs,
where that dictation is not in conflict
with the organic law of the State. San
Francisco would tuen have a composite
government for at least three years, when
the terms of the present county oflicr-rs
would expire and their successors would
be elected under the provisions of the
charter. This would necessarily involve
some confusion, which would have to be
endured until the charter became fully
operative.
Postmaster in Trouble.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 7.— 8. C. Epperson,
Postmaster at Epperson, Colusa County,
was convicted here to-day in the Justice's
Court of opening Mrs. Louise Clarke's let
ters without permission. He will be sen
tenced Monday.
Connolly Will Contested.
VALLEJO, Oct. 7.— Charles C. Connolly
filed a contest to the will of Catherine
Connolly on the ground that he is an heir.
Mrs. Connolly left an estate valued at
$14,000.
CHARGES CURTAZ
WITH THE CRIME
OF INFIDELITY
Divorce Suit Ends
Family Trouble.
— ♦ —
SPICY COMPLAINT FILED
♦
TELLS A STORY OF VIOLATION
OF MARITAL VOWS.
, •
Alleges That for Some Time Past He
Has Been Lavishing His At
tentions on Miss May . ,
Scribner.
Josephine S. Curtaz yesterday filed a
spicy suit for divorce against her hus
band, Benjamin A. Curtaz, vice president
of the firm of Benjamin Curtaz & Son,
piano dealers, 18 O'Farrell street. Adul
tery is the ground upon which Mrs. Cur
taz seeks for a decree of court granting
her an absolute divorce, Miss May Scrib
ner being named as corespondent.
The complaint, if borne out by facts, re
veals a condition which indicates that the
defendant in the suit is lost to all honor
and decency, for it is charged that he not
only violated his marital vows, but did it
in such open and notorious manner as t'i
bring public humiliation and disgrace to
the woman he swore to honor and protect.
By way of introduction to her complaint
Mrs. Curtaz seta forth that she married
her hnsband in Oakland on July 5, 1893.
After a short residence in the city across
the bay they moved to this city and be
gan housekeeping at 1307 Waller street.
They have two children, Benjamin F., 5
years of age, and Albert H., who was
born in March, 159f<. In March, 1597, Mrs.
Curtaz alleges, her husband engaged in
scandal with Miss Scribner in Napa. Sub,
sequently, in this city, he kept her at tfr-' ;
Recamier, 632 Post street, she avers, aid
then, to place a fitting climax on the scan
dal, took the woman to his home during
the absence of Mrs. Curtaz. Miss Scrib
ner acted in such a bold, notorious man
ner, Mrs. Curtaz continues, that she was
the common talk of the neighbors, which
was a cause of great mental worry to the
plaintiff.
In addition to the household furniture,
which she values at $2000, Mrs. Curtaz
says her husband has in his possession,
stock in the corporation of which he i.-j
vice president which is worth $75,000. Sho
asks for the furniture and an equal divi
sion of all other of her husband's assets
and the custody of hoth her children, as
j she avers that her husband is not. a lit
; and proper person to retain their custody.
Dean Held.
SANTA BARBAM, Oct. 7.— Charles
Dean, who is charged with forging the
name of Railroad Contractor Wiley on
two time checks for $222, was held to
answer in the Superior Court to-day un
der $4000 bonds.or the : \
V V B.VY CITIES//
PLEASANTON'S
EXCLUSIVE SET
HAS A SCANDAL
Ex - Town Trustee
Tray Sued for
Divorce.
Oakland Office San FYancisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 7.
The staid little Town of Pl«>asanton fur
nished a domestic scandal to-day in a
■divorce suit filed by Man' T. Tray against
her husband, Daniel Tray, who was at
one time a member of the Board of Town
Trustees and has for years been Identified
with public affairs in Pleasanton. Mrs.
Tray has aJso been quite prominent In
Pleas ety circles and the divorce
proceedings will no doubt prove a great
surprise to many.
Mr. and Mrs. Tray were married in San
Francisco in MarOai, IS9O. They soon re
moved to their present residence. and, ac
cording to Mrs. Tray's complaint, the rea
son of marital bliss was of short duration.
The wife recites a long story of cruel
treatment and abuse. She alleges that
only last month, about the sth, her hus
band knocked her down with his list ajid
beat her so awfully that she was bruised
iind sore for several days thereafter, and
her arm was so pore that she could not
raise it. On the 4th instant, ac
cording to Mrs. Tray's allegations, a
quarrel occurred over me trivial affair,
and on this occasion the husband caught
".he wife by the hair and pulled and
•dragged her ■•■'.• In her room; also beat
ing her and finally driving her from the
house, locking- the door so that she could
not return.
Mrs. Tray asks that the court give her
a decree, ?~ monthly alimony, together
with $3'"-0 conns. fees.
NARROW ESCAPE FROM
TRAIN-WRECKERS' WORK
OAKLAXD, Oct. 7.— A dastardly at
tempt to wr<'fJk the Niles local train n>-;ir
allCbmla Cot ton Mills, in East oak
o'clock this evening, was
ted by Engineer J. B. San
key, I lose alertness, Bteady hand
. ry the train would have been
derai estroyed, passengers
Injun *sibly several lives lost.
.. made up of one of the large
i, a baggage car and three pas
iches pretty well occupied, as
sual of a Saturday night, was in
. . Conductor
- iut on time, but
it a fairly high rate.
Twenty-third avenue had just been
•n the headlight revealed to
. an obstruction which he
realized would wreck his train and endan
ger the lives of his •'.>.~s.-im r <-rs. ijuick as
a flash Sai on the airbrakes
and :■ - I nig the engine Just
as th wcatcher touched the obstruc
tion, which several railway
ties p tracks by unknown
i ■ used had been distrib
uted along ■ ■ days ago. the
Ing ' <~' replace some of the
dried ties with them. The railwaj
thorn ■ c aut horities,
to whom I ■ was Immedi
ately ' ■: '■ ''■' total darkness as to
ty of the perpetrators or
whether It was the work of playful boys
or malicious parties. However, it is a
capital offej I thorough investiga
tion wil
J October price list ready?
Tin a few days — ?
Any friends in the City?
?or Country you wish to?
?save money — get them
,o,e. 1
and Eva p. Cream $
a Js <insu-eet(-iied an.: simply a
t cow's milk of the best ra nlr\ 9
a quality— Evaporated and *-<*H ivCi
(' thoroughly sterilized. y
Breakfast Tea 0
t ggiasrSi-S pound 25c^
A ;lus low price. You may be paying A
' 50c for tea— uot any bttter. * V
.Smyrna Figs 4
t ;a u sffg^2S? ibpkglOc*
<) Quality powect — prices can't bo A
•' auplicated. ¥
JCape Cod Cranberries *
I L^reest and finest you ,,,,,.4. C 0
ever saw. quart oc\
6 Price I s ; way down low. 9
Olive Oil j>
( finSc^nia-quart size 70c (
A product put iuto oottles; usual price $i A
a Armour's Bacon pound 12c^
The iiv;ht thing- tor breakfast— T.
0 sweet an l tender. m
()C & B Paste }
4 Anch e a n 3 large size 15c^
. bloater— its the real Crous and A
y Black well 'a UKually sold 25c toe jc. ¥
Ceylon Tea 4
0 i:iSfi altln lbpkgoOc^
A Two thirds the quantity ordinarily A
t used is sufficient. "A pleasing cup."
•[Java and Mocha Coffee \
§ 'Straight blend." ♦^ /^,._J Or. $
\ Pr.ce and quality- pOlinCl OUc'
P owing favorites. w
#Gold Dust Wash. Powder 9
i SS^g 3 pound pkg
A Btroyr>r— regular ;oc. A
aliquor specials: a
¥ Delivered from 735 Market St only. *
Claret gallon 25c
C Excellent quality — good as any #
\ wine you pay 40 or 50c tor.
f Domestic Porter or Ale
* Extrastoot Finest An*, ,#1 Ifif
a quality made here. UOZ.
¥ Many c aim it as good as imported. ¥
(*Kellog's Whiskey 85c
A Wiltnerdiae-I.owc's original bottling. A
V A good whiskey for little money. '
Champagne \
0 A^-d-H.™..*,. qts .doz $8.50j
♦» Single bot 75c. f
A . Some stores may f /!-„ &A rr,\
$ charge double the ptS. CIOZ $4:.OUi
a price. Single bot 40c. a
?Shaw : s Pure Malt Whiskey \\
¥ Regular price 1$ Tint- 7Fi/%\
A The best and purest IjOl (DC A
¥ ( Mihis-ev known to the medical t
A iTof^-f v A
i 785 Mark-it Bt. 8. F. Bhattuck At, Bnkeler \
a logo Wa>hlngt<in, Oak Central Ar, A)»mc<la 8
\ 9tli .v Wmluj arton, " fth & Wood. Otis. \
0 E 12th t Uth At. " A
TWO MEMBERS
ARE EXPELLED
FOR HERESY
Methodists Drop Two
Pastors.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
90S Broadway, Oct. 7.
The question as to whether ministers of !
the Methodist Episcopal Church South !
should circulate literature written by the
divine healer Dowie came before the corN
ference this morning. Rev. Mr. Taylor of
Willows and Rev. Mr. Reeve of Orland
were callad to account for having circu
lated such literature.
The tracts complied by Dowie contain
S'inie very satirical references to the po
sition of the Methodist church regarding !
divine healing, and Bishop Duncan asked
the two clergymen whether, after taking
the vows of the church, they thought it
r ghl to circulate literature In which the j
Bgq of the church were reviled. The j
p suggested that if the two pastors j
felt called upon :<• follow the teachings
of Dowse, they should sever their connec
tion with the church and ally themselves
with the exponents of Dowie's doctrines.
Presiding Elder Emery, who brought up |
the matter, said he had done everything
In hl^ power to show the two pastors their \
error, and failing in that had requested j
them to withdraw from the church, but i
his overture was not favorably received.
After a discussion the Bishop appointed j
a committee of investigation, consisting of
Kcvs. A. Odom, R. K. Alien and W. E.
Vaughan. The committee presented a re- |
port to the Bishop asking that a trial
committee be appointed.
Rev. J. J. M. Kenney -was appointed
prosecutor, and the Bishop announced the
following trial committee: W. J. Mahan >
(chairman i. \Y. A. Booker. 1. F. BettS,
J. A. Batehelor, D. Bauer, F. M. Staton,
W. B. Phillip*, C. E. Clark, Z. J. Need
ham and H. W. Curran.
Thf> trial committee at once went into
secret session, no time fur delay being
permissible, as this is the last day of the
conference.
The committee appointed to Investigate
the charge uf heresy has, under the policy
of tlv Methodist Church South, extra
ordinary power?, and its decision is final.
The trial was narked more by sympathy j
than by other features, every member "f
the committed being more than anxious to
bring about a char.ge of heart in the two
pastors at the bar.
When the charges and specifications
were read both pastors pleaded guilty. !
Rev. T. H. B. Anderson of Missouri, who
was present, pleaded hard with the two
ministers to Ignore the teaching of Faith j
Healer Dowie, who has recently become
involved in a serious scandal in Chicago,
but without result.
The trial was very brief, as there was
nothing to d?> but h'-t on the pleas of the
arraigned. The report presented to the ;
conference stated that the committee had
Investigated the conduct of Revs. Mesnrs.
Reeve and Taylor and had found them !
both guilty of all the charges and speci
fications, which consisted of allegations
tliat the two pastors had. en their own
confession, sown dissension In the church,
contrary to the tenets of their religion.
The committee expelled both pastors >
from the conference. One reference of
Dowie'a to Methodists was held to be par- !
irly offensive.. It reads as follows:
"There was one thing' made me laugh at !
the whole Methodist position. I can un- ;
derstand a man some time in uncertainty
Bitting astride a fence with one leg on
each side. He will come down. But when
I found the Methodist church sitting not
on top of the fence but underneath it and
on both sides of it in regard to the funda- |
mental ordinance of baptism It struck !
me as the most Idiotic performance I
had ever seen.
"They were quite willing to sprinkle
you; that was all right. They wore quite j
willing to pour on you; that was all right.
They would dip you once; thnt was all
right. They would dip you three times.
They would take all these four forms of
baptism. They would do it any way you
like— only become a Mah-hah-bone Meth
odist."
The expelled pastors dix-lare that they
are acting in accordance with the dic
tates of their consciences. To-morrow
i.iirht the ISishop will announce the ap
pointments for next year, and the con
ference will elope.
ANOTHER MRS. M'NEVIN
ARISES ON THE SCENE
OAKLAND, Oct. 7.— The complications
arising from the hasty and at the time
' seemingly blpamous marriage of Mrs.
Beatrice Bnrm-s and E. EL McNevln, a:
navigation school instructor, are multi
plying. The story of their marriage be
fore a Reno. Nev., Justice while a divorce
Buit was lending against Mrs. Barnes,
wherein the plaintiff had named McNevln
as co-respondent, was exploited In The j
Call several days ago, but now there ap- !
pears rather unexpectedly an ither woman
on the scene, who gives lie-r name as .Mrs.
A. C. McNevln, and who claims to be the
wife of the McNevlO who married Mrs.
Barnes. Presumably as the st-qiii-nce of
this new comer McNevln and his new
bride have changed their plaeo of abode
Mom *; :x Eighth street to somewhere in
San Fram I
Mrs. A.. C. McNevln tells a peculiarly
plausible Btory- She claims to have Just
returned from Daw^on City, whither sht>
went eighteen months ago with friends
und with the knowledge ai.d concurrence
• husband to locate a claim In the
Klondike. "While absent she received let
tf-rg full of protestations of affection im-
I irtunlng her to return to him. which
she Hi. ally concluded to do, with the idea 1
that they would return n^xt spring to
>p the claim. Now that she has re
turned sh<- says sh>- is much aggrieved
arid surprised to find that her husband
has proved untrue to her. Mrs. Barnes
having supplanted her in the affections
of th-: navigation instructor. She de
clares, moreover, that it has been repre
sentea to her that during her absence Mc-
Nevln had gone to Washington State,
taken up n residence there long enough to
si-euro a divorce, and this without having
had served on her a pummons, though he |
knew her address. She asserts also that
McNevin sold her sealskin sacque to raise
money with which to prosecute hts di
vorce suit.
BOY DROPS OUT OF
SIGHT MYSTERIOUSLY
Joe Silva Was Last Seen Playing
With Companions Near Hit
tome.
OAKLAND. Oct. 7. -Mrs. Silva, resid
Ing at Seventh and Alice streets, reported
to the police to-day the disappearance of
her son. Joe Silva, aged S years, who was
last seen on Thursday playing with com
panions near his home. The mother is
almost distracted over tho surlden and
mysterious disappearance. Only four
weeks ago Mrs. Silva lost her little
daughter, who died of lockjaw caused by
cutting one of her fingers while paring
fruit In a local cannery, and now she
fears she has lost her boy as well. She
asserts that she knows of no reason
whatever for his leaving home, since ho
r.as always well treated. When last seen
the boy wan dressed In dark knee pants
■vhite waist and cap. It Is feared he may
:ave been kidnaped.
Drove Off a Bridge.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 7.— Leon B. Thomas of
634 Santa Clara avenue, while out driving
last night, ran into the railing of the
bridge across Sausal Creek, near where
Frultvale avenue joins Harrison avenue.
The driver, horse and vehicle were all
thrown off Into the bed of the creek. Mr.
Thomas' right leg was broken half way
between the knee and the hip. The cart
in which he was riding was broken to
(pieces, but the horse escaped tnjury.
Mr. Thomas' monns were heard by a
passer-by, who hastened to Alameda, and
securing the services of Officer Brampton
i-ent back and brought the Injured man
xi his home.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, y SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8. 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
PLANK'S DESIRE
MAY BE OBEYED
OAKLAND, Oct. 7.— Some of the
old printers of Oakland are
anxious that the wishes of the
late Ed Plank, an old-time
coast printer, be carried out.
only the question of expense prevent
ing them taking action at once. Plank
died a few di'.ys a#o in Boise City.
Idaho, after a long illness. Every
member of the craft as late as 1892
knew Ed Plank, who was twice presi
dent of the International Typographi
cal Union. When he first came to
California in Nevada's booming day
he worked in Virginia City, and for
two years represented Storey County
in the Nevada Legislature.
"When business left Nevada, Plank
went to Ban Francisco, and was well
known In the printing offices on Clay
street. He was always faithful to the
rules of labor unions, and after his re
tirement as president of the Interna
tional Typographical Union he took
editorial charge of a paper in Idaho.
Things prospered for a while until by
some unlucky chance the county seat
was moved away, from .his town and
business went with it.
Mr. Plank frequently expressed the
wish that his remains might be laid to rest in the printers' plat at Laurel
Hill Cemetery. He had been present at funerals of many members of the
craft and had chosen a spot under a tree at the southwest corner of the
plat as the scene of his last resting place. It is probable that a subscrip
tion will be taken up to have the remains removed to a place that will b«
shaded by Ed Plank's favorite tree.
DOCTOR'S DAUGHTERS WILL
GIVE ANOTHER DOLL SHOW
SOCIETY Is once more on the tlp-to© of expect otlon at the upproachlns
third annual doll show, which will be held u:ider the auspices of the
Doctor's Daughters In the maple room of the Palace Hotel on Friday
and Saturday, November 17 and 13. These affairs have attracted un
bounded interest In the past, and the one to come will certainly equal,
If not surpassall previous attempts.
The principal milliners and modistes of the city have expressed their in
tention of entering daintily chid model dolls for competition, and a spirited
rivalry is sure to result. The prizes will be (26 for each class of dolls. A spe
cial feature will be the exhibition of ro'f gowns.
The lady patronesses who have already vclunteered their valued assistance
are Mrs. -William G. Irwin. Mrs. John D. Spreckels. Mrs. Joseph Tobin. Mrs.
M. H. de Vcung. Mrs. William Kohl. Mrs. George Crocker, Mrs. Ira Pi.rco,
Mrs. Henry J Crocker, Mrs. Charles Alexander of New York and Mrs. Will
lam H. Crocker. Additional acceptances from other Indies prominent in social
and charitable circles will soon be forthcoming.
The committee having the model dol's in charpo consists of Miss Jennie
Blair (manager), Mrs. Chauncey R. Winslow, Mrs. Alfred S. Tubbs and Miss
Susie McEwen.
Committee on salable dolls— Mrs. J. Stow Ballard, Mrs. Frank D. Bates
and Mtss Bruce.
Committee on refreshments— Mrs. Samuel G. Buckhee. Mrs. Frederick S.
Tallant and Miss Bowman.
Chocolate and tf-a will be sprved in the afternoon, and there will be music
by an excellent orchestra in the evening. General admission has been placed
at 50 cents, children 25 cents. All the model dolls, including the ten prize dolls,
will be sold at private sale In the afternoon, or in the evening at auction.
The Doctor's Daughters is a non-sectarian charitable organization, which
was founded by Dr. Robert Mackenzie thirteen years auo. There are forty
active members, besides innumerable associate members, who administer to
the wants of the poor and sick, buying food, clothing, medicines and other
necessities. They make no distinction of race or creed, expend vast sums of
money In their Rood work and are therefore entitled to the substantial sup
port of the public. It was through the Doctor's Daughters that the city was
presented with the first fully equipped modern ambulance, by Mrs. Herman
Oelrichs and Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr., then Miss Fair.
The present officers are: President, Miss Susie McEwen; vice presidents,
Mrt=. Chauncey R. Wlnslow and Miss Jennie Blair; treasurer, Mrs. Alfred S.
Tubbs; recording secretary. Miss Bruce; corresponding secretary, Mrs. Ed
ward A. Belcher.
HE MAY BE INTERSTATE
COMMERCE COMMISSIONER
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary of the Valley Road.
THE Pacific Coast Is out for an Interstate Commerce Commissioner to fill
the place left vacant by the resignation of Calhoun, and If the merchants
and business men of the coast are successful It Is more than probable
that Alexander Mackle, secretary of the Valley road, will be the fortu
nate man who will secure the coveted position.
When seen yesterday regarding his reported candidacy Mr. Mackle admit
ted that he was after the office, and his backing- gave him bright promises of
success. Further Inquiry among the business men of the city elicited the fact
that Mackle Is their almost unanimous choice. He not only has all the larger
business concerns with him In his fight for the office, but has the backing of
the Merchants' Association, the Chamber of Commerce and the Board of Trade
as well. This influence is enough to easily give him the place unless Califor
nia is left out altogether, and the office goefe not by merit or fitness, but by
political pull to reward some old henchman of the administration who Is out
of a Job.
There was some suspicion that the Southern Pacific had Its eyes on some
one who would be subservient to Its will In all matters that might come up be
fore the commission In which the great railroad corporation would have an
Interest. This report can safely be said to be without real foundation if the
expressions of J. C. Stubbs, third vice president of the road, may be taken
as an Indication of the policy of the oompany.
"There are five Interstate Commissioners," said Mr. Stubbs. "They have
heretofore been divided, so as to give every portion of the country except the
far West a representation. One has come from New England, one from New
York, two from the Middle States, one from the middle West and one from
the South. Now that one of these gentlemen has created a vacancy by re
signing it 1b only right that the Pacific Coast should be given the spare place.
"The commission Is of much more importance to the people of a commu
nity than It is to any railroad, and every section of the Vniterl Suites that Is
distinctive In Its people, its commerce and its products, as California, should
have a representative on the commission who thoroughly understands the
ne^4s of the section of the country from which he Is appointed, and who will
honestly work for the good of the community as a whole.
"This appointment should be based entirely on fitness for the place, and
should not be made a reward for any political services in the past, present or
future."
COOPER MAY
HAVE PERISHED
IN THE FLAMES
Hotel at Lafayette in
Ruins.
OAKLAND, Oct. 7.— Joseph Cooper's
hotel at Lafayette was burned to the
gTOund early this morning, and it is
feared that Cooper and his cook perished
In the flames, as neither can be found.
The fire broke out soon after midnight
and burned continuously till this evening,
| as there were absolutely no appliances
I with which to fight the blaze. The hotel
was a big two-story building and Cooper
and the cook lived in it. There was a
saloon on the ground floor and when it
closed Cooper used to retire upstairs. Oc
casionally he went to Oakland, but no one
saw him go last night, and nothing hns
been heard of him. It is paid to be cer
tain that he would never leave the hotel
unless some one were in it.
To-morrow a search will be commenced
to settle the fate of < "ooper and his cook.
SUDDEN SUMMONS OF
FREDERIC ALLEN POOR
OAKLAND, Oct. 7.— Frederic Allen
Poor, secretary of the State of Maine
Society, died very suddenly at the homo
of his daughter, Mrs. A. G. Davis, 12^5
Adeline street, early this evening.
He had been working among the flow
ers in the garden at the rear of the Davis
residence, and while walking toward the
house in response to the supper bell sud
denly faltered and fell to the ground. Dr.
Akerly was promptly summoned and ad
ministered powerful restoratives, but to
no avail, for death had intervened.
Deceased was a native of Portland,
Me., aged 63 years, and came from his
native Maine over twenty years ago and
settled in Oakland. He was a newspaper
man of considerable ability, having been
at various times connected with the Oak
land Tribune and Enquirer. He was also
at one time employed in the Oakland
postoftice. Of late years he had devoted
most of his time, outside of his secretary
ship duties, to life insurance. He was
well known throughout this State not
alone for his abilities but also for his
cheerful and genial manner, his kind and
sympathetic heart and ever readiness to
do a friend a good turn.
Deceased leaves a widow, a daughter and
two sons, Fred A. Poor of the Connecti
cut Fire Insurance Company, and Joseph
Poor, who is a railway engineer in
Oregon.
An inquest will be held next Monday
evening, and the funeral arrangements
will be made in the meantime. •
KELLEY OF PRINCETON
REACHES BERKELEY
BERKELEY, Oct. 7.— Kelley, one of
Princeton's star football men, arrived at
the University of California this morning.
He was met at the Sixteenth street sta
tion, Oakland, by Garrett Cochran, the U.
C. football coach, and by Al Lean, trainer
of the Berkeley men. CochranT.ook him
over to San Francisco at once and the two
attended the Stanford-Olympic game this
afternoon. i. ,
Kelley is hardly second to Cochran in
his fame as a veteran of the gridiron.
When Cochran was at Princeton Kelley
played halfback on the varsity, team. His
work at the U. C. will be principally in
training the halfbacks on the Berkeley
varsity.. Kelley will make his first ap
pearance on the football field next Mon
day afternoon. He will look after all the
work of the halfbacks until the end of the
season.
DEMURS TO SIMONS'
DIVORCE COMPLAINT
OAKLAND. Oct. 7.— Mrs. Augusta Si
mons to-day filed a demurrer to the com
plaint of her husoand, Anthony Simons,
In his suit for a divorce brought on the
grounds of cruelty. A motion was simul
taneously fik-d t" strike out portions of
the complaint. The case has been as
signed to Judge Greene's department of
the Superior Court, and the trial prom
ises to prove decidedly interesting, for
while Mrs. Simons admits that she is no
longer in love with Mr. Simons, and
though she Is not averse to a legal sep
aration, she does not propose to rest un
der the stigma that she has been cruel to
her husband.
CARS BLOCKADED BY
A HOLOCAUST OF HAY
OAKI^ANT*. Oct. 7.— An alarm rung In
early this evening was for a blaze of two
carloads of hay on the California and Ne
vada Railway at the crossing of Fortieth
street and San Pablo avenue. The de
partment responded promptly, but It re
quired some time to subdue the flames.
The hay was practically a total loss. For
over half an hour the San Pable avenue
electric cars were blockaded at the cross-
Ing.
MORRIS A GEM
IN BAD SETTING
There's a gem of an old daguerreotype
at the Orpheum— Felix Morris.
The costume matters not at all. It 1b a
gentleman-of-the-old-schocrt picture al
ways—a clearly outlined bit of aristocracy
treasured in the gilt and red velvet case
of quaintness.
The Hawaiian queens are painting* on
ivory — sweet pea colored miniatures. And
there the pleasure ends. The others on
the programme are harsh daubs splashed
in lurid pictures that "hurt." They
are better forgotten.
When Mr. Morris came westward the
last time he brought a support that was
positively bad. This season it is nega
tively good. May luck bring him hither
again with the kind of people he deserves.
His company handles "Behind the
Scenes" in a commonplace way and leaves
the fineness all to Morris. It is not an
aggressive group, though. They appear
comfortably reconciled to the fact that
the audience pays no attention to them,
and they go dutifully through their linos
in a way that bespeaks non-French chops
honestly earned.
There is to be a special season of farce
comedy at the Columbia, opening to-night
with "Hotel Topsy- Turvy." The farce
brings along with it Eddie Foy and a 100
-night New York record. Judging from
the posted pictures Eddie is the same as
ever. "A Milk White Flag" and Mat
thews and Bulger will come later.
Nance O'Neil is back from London,
where she failed. She was the victim of
McKee Rankin and her own obstinacy.
I Even temperament needs wisdom at the
helm. She will open her engagement to
night in "Peg Wofflngton." "Camllle"
and "The Jewess" are to follow.
"Jim the Penman" goes on at the Alca
zar for a week's run. "Satanella" and
"Ernanl" alternate at the Tivoli, with a
Verdi night thrown in for Tuesday. The
Grand will present "Girofle-Glrofla/'
Among the Orpheum's six new features
are the Florenz troupe of acrobats, How
ard's ponies, assisted by two dogs and a
monkey, and a youngster. La Petite
Hazel, who gives Imitations of her elders
In the profession.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
SARAH COMSTOCK.
In Switzerland a milkmaid gets bettor
wages if gifted with a good voice, be
| cause it has been discovered that a cow
j will yield one-fifth more milk if soothod
■ during milking by melody.
WORKMEN WILL
RALLY IN FORCE
AT HAYWARDS
Convention of Three
Days Next Week.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct 7.
There will be three days of celebration
by United Workmen at Haywards next
week— Tuesday, Wednesday and Satur
day. The town will be full of delegates
attending the third general meeting of the
Extension Committee's Association of Al
ameda County.
On Tuesday evening a meeting will be
held in Native Sons" Hall under the aus-
Grand Foreman C. E. Snook.
pices of Haywards Lodge No. 18. The Ex
tension Committee's Association Is com
posed of live representatives from each
of the twenty-eight lodges in the county
and also a similar number from the nine
lodges of the Degree of Honor. On this
occasion '-he Grand Lodge officers and the
past master of the association of San
Francisco have been Invited to partici
pate.
HaywaHs Lodge will direct theproceed
ings on Thursday evening in NatiVte Sons'
Hall. This gathering will take the form
of a special reception to Special Deputy-
Grand Master Workman .Veils, who is
very prominent in the order, being a
steadfast worker and an eloquent talker.
Grand Foreman Charles E. Snook of Oak
land will preside at the meeting. An en
tertaining programme will be piven, in
cluding an address by Mr. Wells. There
will be dancing after adjournment.
On Saturday evening the entire A. O.
T\ W. membership of District No. 7, com
prising the lodges in San I^eandro, San
Lorenzo and Haywards, will come to Oak
land in acceptance of an invitation from
the Workmen of this city. Special rates
and cars have been arranged for them on
the electric road.
This third general meeting will be one
of great importance. The Extension As
sociation has worked out a system of ag
gressive work known as the Alameda.
plan of campaign, which Is somewhat in
the nature of an experiment, and is at
tracting attention throughout the order.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I LISTED ON THE
Investigate First;
Buy Oil Stock
Afterwards!
I Is the manner In which all prudent
I Investors would proceed, for the
B following of that course would ob-
I vial*' all necessity for rectifying
H mistakes, should they occur.
H This company has at 11 times
I courted the most exacting investi-
I gations regarding Us property and
■ the district wherein it is iperating
H and shall always continue to do
I So. and if you are contemplating
I the purchase of oil stock you will
I be doing yourself an injustice if
I you invest before ascertaining what
I we have to offer you.
Our lard is located in the famous
H Kern River Oil District, and there
I are five wells near to and adjoln-
■ Ing our property in which oil has
■ been struck. Our land is patented
Q and its value to-day, based upon
I what it could be sola for, Is in eu-
I cess of our capitalization.
We claim to present an opportu-
I nity for gain second to no other
I now before you. Let us PROVE IT.
■ Bulletins received dally from the
■ district. You are welcome to all
S Information. If unable to call,
■ send for pamphlets and map; they
B are free. We are NOW BORINf},
■ and have as head driller a former
1 employe of the Standard Oil Com-
I pany. Don't wait until we strike
■ oil, but Investigate at once.
SAN JOAQtJIN
j OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
.' 38 Crocker Building.
'I Open Evenings from 7to 8.
| California Exchange.
RADWAH'S BKABY IlELllilf has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throau. Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache, Tootbu<:he and all pains. Internally
Ivi Malaria and all Uotvel i'aiiu. All druxjclat*. .
I OFTME
UDAYCITItSI /
Secured Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 7.— Marriage licenses
were Issued to-day to Bert Milton ('lift.
£6 fears, and Susie Brannan, 23 years,
b<>th of San Francisco; Thomas N. Fla
herty, 30 years, and Mrs. Facile Quigley,
30 years, San Francisco; Frederick George
Easton. 21 years and over. Oakland, and
Lottie I. Walrath, IS years and over, San
FnuTrJs (■■■>.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ladies and children
like the delicious nat-
ural flavor of
Extra Pale
It is mildly stimulat-
ing to the appetite
though never causing
biliousness, for it is a
perfectly "ripe" pro-
duct of malt and
hops. It is an aid to
digestion. Quart., pints, half-pt*.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
I Will Give $1000
If I fail to core any
• JEMs&S&^&L CANCER or titmorl
/^U'SW^^^v'^ treat before it scat-
kG& >^ffi s Sj» ft " '3SHfk ters or affects the
v___c Tibs or other
H Alfiu bones.
f /«*«%. «***». 'JflP 1 No ni * c
A » ; Until Cured.
/ttESsbtish' pV* 2S\cars' experi-
. |°^*~2s3aj>ji^ / t-nce. 1000 cancers
V -~t^s / now in my offices in
\ tf! I alcohol. Lady attend^
m'/$ JL ant. Any hard
H^^^^^^- y^M^t, lump an where
pß^^^^^^Any lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
■when cure is almost impossible. -
BOOK SENT FREE . ; .
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
QUEEN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1898. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CAPITAU
CAPITAT,.
U h nt . 0 .!. C . aP !! a . 1 .. 5 !??. k> .. Pa . 1d .. U . P . - n $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $721,770 68
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonde owned by Company 3,494,531 5 1
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office 11.799 32
Cash in Banks •• 102.503 «
Interest due and accrued on all •
Stocks and Loans 44,042 97
Interest due and accrued on Bond 3
and Mortgages ■■ ••••■•
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
|l on «*»■ 30" 61
Bill* receivable, not matured, taken .
for Fire and Marine Risks 228 50
Rents due and accrued -. 3.599 31
Due from other Companies for rein-
uurance on losses already paid 4^40
Total Asset* ..$4.663.340 78
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ........ $57,680 83
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense <so,»o/ a
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 37,102 45
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,330,013 77;
reinsurance 50 per cent . . 665.006 87
Gtops premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,685,-
-223 81; reinsurance pro rata 867,722 15
Grose premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent ..........
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $— — ' reinsurance 60
Dve 1 " C and " * accrued" " ' for""sal"iries;
rent etc ib,3»3 u»
All other demands agains the Com-
pany .". • Üb|Wl a
Total Liabilities .' ..$1.844,365 82
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fir.
■ premiums ..$1,868,888 M
Net Cash actually received for Ma- '..„';
rine premiums iv*" c
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Recelvfd for Interest and dividend's
or. Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources ....j. 12 ?-S* ?
Received for Rents 8.224 80
Total Inoome $1.9&9.934 9»
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Lossee
(including $144,662 43, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,090.57109
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $^ . losses of
previous years
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 309.7U IS
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 157.15S 89
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 61.849 71
All other payments and/expenditures 119,551 73
Total Expenditures ..$1,858.874 (0
Fire.
Loe«e« Incurred during the year.... 51,078,446 80
— -. —
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. : Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $233,266,210 $2,363,901 85
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 230.970.758 2.491.132 05
Net amount In force
December 31, 1893 256,963,211 3.015.239 58
~~~ JAS. A. MACDONALD, Pres.
G. W. BURCHELL, Sec.
' Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23th
day of January, 1599.
T. LIVINGSTONE KENNEDY.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT :
ROLLA V. WATT, Manager,
N.W. Corner Pine and Sansome St 3.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. '
rfltiflc Coast Department— Alaska, Washing-
ton. Oregon. Montana, Idaho. N'-vada, Utah,
Arizona. California and the Hawaiian Islands.
Agencies avervwhara.
1314
TIE polo game on Wednesday at the
park was the occasion fora pay and
fashionable gathering. Coaching par
ties were many, and the crack whips
and handsomely pownod women attracted
quite as much attention as the spirited
pa me.
October's reputation as a month of fash
ionable bridals will be maintained by two
swell out-of-town weddings.
if Miss Belle Mhoon and
rid ' take place in Trin- ,
:■ Episi opal < "hurch, in < Oakland, on
October 11. Miss Amy McKee
will be Miss Florence Dunham,
Miss Flor< - M - lelen Boss and
M'ss Juliet Walter Magee will
ther's best man. and the
b< Sam Bell McKee, Sam M>-
-I%'. Mhoon, Frank B. King, Thomas V.
SI effleld Sanborn and Horace
Mlllei • remony, which will
take place at 4 ./clock, there will be a re- :
relatives and Intimate friends
at the home of the bride's parents, Major
ami Mrs J. B. Mhoon, on Adeline street.
The wedding of Miss Caroline V. Boequl,
daugli 1 ' ■'■ of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Bosqui,
W. Borrowe will take pla<
■ ii • the bride's parents In San
Wednesday, October In. Miss.
.'. ■•. Bister of the groom,
mor, and the bri
will be Miss Coral 9 Miss
•live 1 lamilton,
Miss Elizabeth Callinder and M
1" • I :
Th* Colonial Pames in the State of Cali
fornia held their fourth annual meeting
on Tuesday, October 3, at the residence of
Mrs. T. Z. Hlakcman. ITO7 Gough street.
The chairman; Mrs. Selden S. Wright;
presided. A committee, consisting of Mrs.
('. El wood Brown, Mrs. Goddard Clarke
and Mrs. S. M. Van Wyck, was appointed
to draw up resolutions of sympathy In re
tard to the death of he late recording
secretary. Mrs. Henry Gibbons Jr. Miss
Elizabeth M. Jones acted as secretary pro
tern. The guest of honor was Miss Mar
garet Lea. an officer of the Delaware So
ciety of Colonial Dames The circular let
ter by the historian. Mrs. C. Elwood
Brown, to be sent to all societies, was
duly approved.
Elaborate preparations are being made
by the Cercle Francalse for a grand ball
to be given November 25 at their new
clubrooms. Hotel Savoy building.
Mrs Emily Boysen and Miss Hilda Van
Sicklen are at the Hotel Continental,
Paris, and will leave on the 20th Inst. for
Switzerland.
They're Engaged
Mr. and Mrs. M. Klochmann anm
■ of their d aught < r Millie
to M. Marks. They will be pleased to
••■ th< ir f•■ - ■ day a fternoon
1 ■ fron 2to J ai 162? I i Farrell
■
Mr and Mrs. M. Kochman announce the
cncaL- their daughter Milla to
■ '.irks. They will reci - inday,
October 15, at 1628 u'Farrell street, from
L' to 5 o'clock.
Weddirjg Bells
On Tuesday evening, at the hottif of her
ts. Mr. and Mrs. N. P. Cole. 1017
was mar
ried • ■ Smith. The beautiful home
Throughout with flowers
and plan;.-. Archways of ferns and pedep
f blooming flowers formed a conspic
uous part of th.- decorations. During the
mony, which was performed by Rev.
Dr. F. B. ' f Plymouth Congre
gational Church, the orchestra played soft
• the close
;,d Joyous notes. Th>> bride was
I in white silk en
train, with bridal veil. AJ quests
wen present. Mr. and Mrs. Smith have
Ron,- to Coronado and other points in
■ m California, and will remain
! month.
Lester B. Smith and Misa Grace M. <" - oie
wi n married Tuesday, October :;. by Rev
r B ■ rlngton at the residence of the
- fall.er. N. P. ' ole.
George C. Salch of the firm of Dal ton
nver,
was quietly married to !<-tha
Knap)> of this city at the home oi the
brides m ther 816 Oak street. Mr. Salch
is well k:. _ the busim s>
of th r was vi r\
tily arranged. The bride wore
tiful gown of light blue silk crepon and
carried a lnrcr bunch of whlt( I
A pretty wedding was that of Robert
Berwin and Miss Gussle Rothschild, which
at the ;
ts, Mr. and Mrs. A. Rothschild, 1049
McAllisi
tember 20. Rev. Dr. J. Nieto officiated.
At 2 o'i '• ck the bridal party entered the
■ to the rnucio of din's
wedding March, and taking position un
Ladies' Dresses, Jackets and Skirts.
SEASONABLE BARGAINS TO OPEN THE SEASON.
§THIS SEASON'S NEW
JACKETS — Fine All- ,fe
Wool Kersey Cloth, : £§?
lined all through with -f»L
satin lining, blues and /['>Y[}
blacks, a good • $10.00 $&jAj
Special for $6.50 ''j $|
TAN KERSEY JACKETS .1 W .
— All wool, the newest / /|l\
cut, elegantly silk lined, /^#^
value for $18.00.
Special Price $12.50
NEW GOLF CAPES- With hoods, genuine golf plaids,
good lengths, value for $7.00. Special Price $4.75
NEW CAMELS' HAIR DRESSES, TAILOR-MADE—
taffeta silk lined. The new habit back skirts. Well
worth $20.00. Our Special Suit for $15.00
NEW BLUE PLAID SKIRTS— Lined habit backs, for $3.00
ELECTRIC FUR AND ASTRAKAN YOKE FUR CAPES—
With tails, for . ... $16.50
:•■*v ■ ■ ■■
If TTT T V J?r 1 TT7RT7Q' cloak AND suit house,
I\LjLjUl CO LjLLjULjO 120 KEARNY STREET.
SOCIETY
der a magnificent floral bell of white pinks
and maidenhair ferns, were made husband
and wife. Robert Berwin, the groom, la a
member of the wfll-knnwn firm nt Berwin
Brothers, and the best man was his
tmi'ivr. Martin Berwin. Miss Pearl Giles
and .Miss Gussie Kelly officiated as brides
maids. -Mr. ami Mrs. Berwin have gone
to Lake County for a bridal trip.
A very pretty homo wtddiiig took place
on September iiO at high noon at the resi
denc'c of Mr. and Mrs. Ed Norman. :;M3
Twenty-fourth street, the contra
parties being their son, Edward P. Nor
man, and Mildred A. Murphy of Calis-
t < i^ca . The bride was attended by Miss
Emma Norman, sister of the groom, and
td Collin a< •st man. Many
beautiful presents were received, and
congratulations and a wedding
breakfast the happy couple l<'ft amid a
fchowtr of rice for a honeymoon trip
through tlic southern portion of the State.
Anmnn the Invited guests were: Mr. and
Mrs. li. G. Horn, Mr. and Mrs. P. J.
Shine, Mr. and Mrs. Murphy. Mr. and
Mrs. Marckley, Mr. and Mrs. May. Mr.
and Mrs K. Forrest, Mr. and Mrs. E.
Gilbert, Mr. and Mrs. Sturiza, Mr. and
Mrs. Swenicke, Mr. and Mrs. Collin, Mrs.
Zigenfuss, Mrs. Ford. Mrs. Rendell, Mrs.
Hodgktns, Mrs. Birdsell, Rev. R. W. Rey-
Mlsses Lottye Shine, Eva Murphy.
Nettie Glover, Grace Little, Jessie Little,
Johnson, Edna Johnson, Ada Jnhn
son, Amy Hill, Nellie Hill, E. Lynch. Ro-
May, Luella May, E. C. Norman,
Anna Nickelson, Otto acheen r, John Lit
:. . Jam* b Porteus, <;■ ■ Rob
ert Connolly, Walter Shine, Beri Murphy,
Albert Norman, George Johnson, J- 11.
Johnson, l>. McKlllop, Shailer Scott and
Corporal A. N'ickelson.
A v.ry pleasant wedding took place
last Thursday evening at the residence
niel Gillie, 1394 Brj ant stre< i. the
contracting parties being .Miss M . Mi •-
Id of Prince Edward Island, I anada,
and Captain D. Murchison of this
Th( ceremony was performed by Rev. F.
A. Doane, pastor of Mlzpah Presbyterian
Church, in the presence (if a few intimate
friends. The bride was unattended, and
wa.s given away In- her brother. D. .1.
Macdonald, B. A., of the Theological
Seminary. San Anselmo. Captain and
Mrs. Murchison left on a voyage to Coos
Bay, Or., October 7.
Home Gatherings.
A very enjoyaoie tamale party was given
to Mrs. Mary Powers at her residence,
corner of Stockton and Greenwich s; r ets,
on Saturday evening. September ."0. The
evening was spent In singing, dancing and
recitations. Among the principal features
were songs by John Crosby, accompanied
bj Mis;; P. trail Haberland. Jack Brandt,
Janus Man hews and William Newman
followed by Miss Mary Everson
in ccoii Bpecialties. Armies those pres< nt
were: Mr. and Mrs. John Vahey, Mr. and
Mrs. Patrtik Vah-y. Miss Eliza Price,
Miss Mary Evenson, Miss I.izzie Mc-
Gahan, Miss Rose O'Donnell, Miss i
Haberland, Kate Vahey, Mamie Vahey,
Mamie Hanley, Frank Vahey, John Va
hey, Tessie Vahey, Kate Hablan, Mrs.
Mary Powers and Master John Powers.
Miss Adele Salsbury gave a birthday
party to her young friends at 1
di nee of her parr jus. Mr. and Mrs. Charl< s
:;•>-. lasl Mond tober
■ Lies Oak street. Those present were:
M ss Adi lo Salsbury, Miss Cootie dAn
Ernest Brown, Miss Gertrude
Brown Miss Pear] VVindmliler, Miss Adele
Perkins, Miss Hazel Perkins, Miss May
Michaud, Miss Kate Smith, Misa E
Chapman, Miss Lillian Edgar. Miss Flor-
Sahiein, Miss Irene Schless i
Miss Alice Sen and the M
Irene and Adrians Les Ber
Mr. and Mrs Gei rge E. Ark.
a dinner in honor of Lieutenant H.
F. McGurren of Company D. First Cal
ifornia Volunteers, on last Wedni
• ng at their residence, UTT Geary
sir. -tt. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. William W Ackerson, Mr. and
Mrs. T. J. Curley, Mr. . nd Mrs. Robert
McGiven, Mr. and Mrs. William Gueriti,
Mrs. Raftree, Mrs. Healey, Miss >
Jennings. Miss R. ii tfey, Misses Katie
and Tessie Raftree. Mis- May Foley,
iy<>uisu Jeanette Ackerson, Helen Acker
son. Charles Henry Ackerson and Albert
Mrs. Lewis Goodman gave a party last
Sunday at h*M- residence, 903% Powell
A fine musical programme was
rendered, and Misses Tessie Greenfield
' iiiodman gave a Cakewalk.
Mrs. W K. Jason and the Misses Hol
brook gave a very enjoyable lawn party
on 1 1 Farrell street last Thursday even
ing. The lawn was gayly decorated with
Hags and ribhun banners and illuminated
by Chinese lanterns. A string orchestra
furnished music for the dancers, while a
ture of the gala affair was the
g ..f refreshments from a Japanese
sideboard presided over by Mrs. M. 1,.
Ogden. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. W. B. Jason. Mr. and Mrs. M. L.
()gd»i:. Mr. and .Mrs. Kd Stone, Mr. and
Mrs. w. M. Searby, Mr and Mrs. Bum
garden, Mrs. Walter Stone of Japan, Mrs.
Mrs. John Gillson, Miss Mabel
.Smith. Miss Ethel IJnf..rth. Miss Edna
Bonner, Miss Regina Weil. Miss Tessie
Holbrook, Miss Mattie Holbrook. Misses
Whitely, Misses Joost. Hudson Smythe,
Will Moore, George McChesney, George
Rhelnhardt, Walter Bewail, Harold Hill.
Mr. McNair, Henry C. Holbrook, George
Gillson, J. Manning of Minneapolis, C.
A. Corey of Minneapolis, Babe Barrett of
molls, and Martin Jo
The Misses McGllnn of 506 Guerrero
• gave an enjoyable "at home" last
Tuesday evening. The following pro
gramme was pleasingly rendered: Piano
solo, Mi«s C K. Nolan: soprano solo, Mrs.
<";ui Sommer; recitation, ...ss Charlotte
Johnson; tenor solo. Dr. Joseph J. Rich
ards: guitar duet, Misses M. and A. Bet
kowski; vocal solo. Miss Florence Nolan;
baryti William T. O'Brien; Bpe
cialties, "Or. T. R. Roche; vocal solo,
Mls> Florence Connor; tenor solo, Pro
fessor P. J. O'Sullivan; whistling solo,
Mrs. F. Barry; coon songs. M: ■ Maud
Hie.-, Miss Florence Nolan. Miss Gertrude
Richards, Miss Charlotte Johnson, Miss
Florence Connor, Dr. Richards, Dr.
Roche; cakewalk, J. Casserly and Misa
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
Kate Russell, Dr. Richards and Miss F.
Connor.
A very novel and beautiful character
party was given at the Hotel Salisbury,
2i*9 Hyde street, on the evening of Sep
tember 30. The house wa« beautifully
decorated with flowers, ferns and Chinese
lanterns.
■ The grand march, led by Mr. and Mrs.
Adolph Meyer, was called promptly at
9:30 p. m., and the blending of the many
gorgeous and costly costumes, as repre- ;
| sentod In the march, created a pretty I
j spectacle.
A special programme was rendered dur
ing the evening as follows: Fancy dance,
Miss Pearl Wallace; vocal solo, Mr.
■ Rhodes; piano selection. Miss Pearl Mor- i
ton: vocal solo. "The Rosary," Mrs. W. |
; A. Daggett; vocal solo, "Iron Clad," Pro- |
fessor Carl Sawveldt; vocal duet, "Only |
Thee," Mr. and Mrs. Daggett; violin solo,
Halleck Grifiln; the Salisbury Mandolin
; Club. Messrs. Peron. Basset t. Engle and
: Dicer; cakewalk, Mr. and Mrs. Adolph '
Meyer.
At 12 o'clock a substantial collation was
served in the dining-room, after which j
] dancing was continued until an early
hour.
On the evening of October" 4 Miss Hattie ;
Akmann and Mrs. Duveneck gave an even- |
! ing at home. The evening was pleasantly :
, spent in dancln?-, vocal and Instrumental
music. A 1 11 o'clock the party proceeded
: to the dining-room, where an elaborate ■
j supper was served. Those present were: .
Mr. and Mrs. Stieper. Mr. and Mrs. Mon-
P( c, Mr. and Mrs. Goral, Fred Nielsen,
Miss Freda Nielsen. Miss L. Sammann.
Miss A. Sammann, Mrs. McGuire. Mr.
j Carson. Mrs. "Wilder. P. Sammann, Miss
A. McClosky, Mr. Kamp, Mrs Hieneke.
Mrs. Ramm. Miss Ruth McGuire., Miss E.
Duveneck, W. Duveneck, C. Duveneck,
E. Kemp and Mis;-. D. Stry.
Mrs. k. Prill (nee Baroness Jaglelska)
- gave an elaborate farewell students' din
j ncr to her son. Arthur Prill, and a num-
I ber of his classmates from Santa Clara
College on Saturday evening last at her
j home, 1463 Clay street. The young man.
i a recent graduate, leaves on Tuesday for
i Europe, where he will takr> a three, years'
course in mining engineering.
iin Sunday ' ictober I, a matinee musicale
[inner were given by Miss Adeline
.-nino at her residence , 3276 Mission
The programme was* very well
•ed and was as follow.-: overture of
"Tannhauser," piano solo, by George
rd. and other selections; soprano
"Aye Maria" (Mascagni), by Miss
Adelene Cereghino, and selection from
"Lucretia Borgia"; piano solo, Miss Mln
[ontevaldo of Pescadero; bass solo,
"La Sonambula" and "La Mle Yen-
I detta." Edward J. Loughery. The pro
gramme was closed with a violin solo by
Joseph Lertond. The following were pres
ent: Mrs. C. Cereghino, Mr. and Mrs.
T-ecari. John Montevaldo. Mr. Dadd, Mrs.
Dadd, Frank Lerond, J. Sanborn, Mrs.
Dors Cereghino, Miss Adelene Cereghino,
George Lerond, Mies Angle Debennedetti,
X J Loughery, Miss Minnie Montevaldo
f pescadero, Mr. and Mrs. Hnrtnn.
A stag dinner was given on September
30 by Herbert F. Mann at his home in
Alameda. During the evening the guests
were entertainjßd by a clever Bleignt-of
hand performance. At the table were:
Net Halton, Herbert Clark. Jack Walker,
Fred Theller, Albert Dayton and Charles
Hanley. _
Club Parties.
I^ast Saturday afternoon the members i
RULES FOR HEALTH AND BEAUTY
WHEREAS creams and lotions are
\, /? If frequently necessary adjuncts
\V\ff to one's beauty-getting efforts
there are other things quite as
Important.
There .are three great rules for beauty
1 and each rule consists of Just one word.
Diet is the first, bathing is the second and
exercise the third. These three combined
mean health and beauty .-is we all know
i la but a pleasanter word for this state.
Another thing to remember Is that the
truest, best beauty comes from within.
80, while you are correcting facial de
fects at the same time correct those of
the character and disposition. Cheerful
ness and a merry heart will do more than
i all the cosmetics in the world toward
beautifying the face and retarding the
approach of those horrors of the whole,
. petticoated race — wrinkles.
♦ ♦ •
There has been such a demand for the
I formulas of the skin food and lotion for
I the hands that I will print them again
to-day for the last time, where all may
see them.
ORANGE FLOWER SKIN FOOD.
Spermaceti, one-half ounce.
white wax, one-half ounce.
Sweet almond oil, two ounces.
Lanolin, one ounce.
Cocoanut oil, one ounce.
Simple tincture of benoin, ten drops.
Orange flower water, one ounce.
Melt the first five Ingredients in a por
celain kettle. When thoroughly incor
porated remove from the lire and add the
orange flower water and the benzoin,
beating briskly with an egg-beater until
cold. Put in a little porcelain jar and
keep in a cool place.
This is to make wrinkles disappear. It
should be applied with the pYoper mas
sage just before retiring and after the'
faco has been bathed with warm water. ;
LOTION FOR THE HANDS.
Boak thirty grains of gum tragacanth
in seven ounces of rose water for forty
eight hours. Then strain forcibly through
I muslin an/1 add one-h;i!f ounce of
glycerin and alcohol which have been
previously mixed.
There is nothing better than this for the
hands. It dries immediately after being
applied and leaves the hands not the least
Lit greasy or etlcky.
I have also been asked for the recipe for
VIOL.ET SOAP.
White castile soap. 8 ounce*.
Honey, 1 ounce.
Spermaceti. 1 ounce.
Oil of sweet almonds. IV2 ounces.
Essence of violet, hi ounce.
Shave the castlle soup very fine. Put
the honey in a double boiler and when hot
i add the soap. In another double boiler
1 put the oil of almonds and the spermaceti
! and the wax, which have been grated fine.
When the soap is entirely melted pour the :
; oils and the soap together. Some-times it ,
may be necessary to add a little hot water
to the honey and soap, but be very spar-
Ing of it lest you weaken your soap so
: that it will not harden. Two tablespoon
fuls. at most, is quite enough. After the
! oils and the soap have been in the hot
water bath, which should be kept boiling
briskly for ten or fifteen minutes, remove
from the fire, add the essence of violets,
stir and then pour into teacups If you do
j not happen to have any molds handy.
• • •
On another page in to-day's Call will
be found an Illustrated article on farl.il
, massage. I sincerely trust that all those
Who have written to me on that subject,
I as well as those who have asked how best
of the Fleur de Lis Club gave a theater
party at the Grand Opera-house. Among
the members were: Miss Hattie Duriker,
Miss E. yon Ahnden, Miss C. Ehrenpfort,
Miss I. Boger, Miss S. Joost, Miss E.
Andres and Mrs. M. Hansen.
In the Future.
Mr. and Mrs. N. Cohen of 1201 Buchanan
street will be pleased to receive their
friends this afternoon from 2 to 5, on the
occasion of their son Sidney's Barmltz
vah.
The Mystics will hold their fifty-fourth
party on next Tuesday night, October 10,
In Native Sons' Hall.
Mr. and Mr?. H. Moser will celebrate
the twenty-fifth anniversary of their wed
ding at their residence, 1033 California
street, on Sunday, October 15. They will
be pleased to see their friends from 2 to 5
p. m.
The regular monthly entertainment and
dance given by the Native Soils of Ver
mont will be held on Friday evening,
October 1?.. at Odd Fellows' Hall. The fol
lowing programme has been arranged for
the occasion: Overture, Dellepaine's or
chestra; recitation. "A Telephone Ro
mance" (Pauline Phelps), Miss Lydia D.
Jacob; initial appearance of the. Eastern
descriptive vocalist, John Morrison. In
his reportoire of up-to-date selections; the
Fairy Dell company in spectacular spec
ialties, with calcium light effects (aj
"Butterfly's Dream." (b) "Tarantella"
(grand ensemble), • (c) "Dewey Dance";
coon song, "Ma Susanna"; song and buck
and wing dance; Japanese specialties, by
"The Geisha" company; cakewalk, by the
Johnson twin?, late or the Tivoli.
The Astorias announce their fifth as
sembly for Tuesday evening. October 31,
at Union-square Hall, 421 Post street.
Sailed Away.
Tho steamship Mariposa sailed Thurs
day. October 5. Her passenger list was as
follows: For Honolulu— Mrs. F. C. Aid-
Mrs. William Jason,
rich. J. E Alexander, Miss M. Ash, W. O.
Atwater, VV. 11. Beard, 10. Bell. A. Black,
Mis. Thomas S. Campbell. Miss ES. C.
Campbell, Clay Clement and wife. J. E.
Crew, Mrs. B. W. Davis, B. S. Dennlson
and wife. Mrs. B. 11. Dorcy, T. F. Dredge,
i > Eastwood ;m<! wife, J. J. Egan, J. E.
Felt, Miss B. Foltt. E. Kalstead and wife,
James Hardy, T. J. Hlggins, Miss Horna
iiy. H. a. [senberg, John Kidwell, Miss
Killeau, 11. Longton, 11. <J. Lonsdale and
wife, Mrs. W. H Loomis, A. C. Lovekin,
w. H. Liowden, Miss Lowden, Mrs. T. 11.
Macdonald, Mrs. D. <;. C. Mackay, Miss
M Marshall, Miss K. Mclntyre, F. Mc-
Quarry, R. C. Medcraft, Miss n. T. Mit
chell, Mrs. Frances Montrose, Miss A. B.
Morgan. 1) Mullen. O. N'orfleet, E. (1.
Paxton, R. M. Pratt and wife, Arthur
:i. Miss Renton, T. 1?. Richards and
wife, A. s. I!i!l!<- and wife, J. de Roca, J.
F. Soper, W. J. Spottswood, Frank
Thompson, Miss E. Thompson, H. M.
Tibbey, t-;. J. Waterman, A. J. Watt. D.
Wells. Charles Willard and wife. J. E.
Williams. For Auckland — W. S. Allen and
wife, W. T. Murray, W. A. Sanderson and
wife, W. 11. Webster. For Sydney— H. I'
Barry and wife, R. )'.. Beals, Sidney Clem
entson and wife, John Cooke, T. M^. Flet
ih< r, Miss K. i\. Fraser, Montgomery
Qibbs VV 1.. Hendricks, .1. Lester, Miss
M. Lester, T. L. Miller, M. Nathan. Otto
By Minnie, Hygda.
to treat wrinkles, will not only see but
will read and benefit thereby.
Arjswers to Correspondcr>ts.
PHOEBE M.— ln last Sunday's Call re
ply to Cherie will answer your question.
Gymnastic exercises, particularly swing-
Ing Indian clubs, will help, especially in
the development of the arms.
NOBE— Hair that is excessively oily
should l)e washed at hast every two
weeks in water in which half a teuspoon
fui of bicarbonate of soda has been dis
solved. If th" growth Of the hair is blow
also, the following tonic will keep it dry
i'lul at the same iim<- stimulate its
growth: U;'v rum, 4 dunce*; tincture ot
cantharides, 2 ounces. Hub a little of this
Into i lie hair daily. This tonic will also
help the daughters hair unless it is dry
hair, in which case the following tonic
will ho of greater benefit: Forty-eight
Grains resorcln, one-fourth ounce gly
perln and alcohol enough to Mil a two
ounce bottle. The cocoa cream should be
quite oily. It is not to he used on the
face merely as a developing cream. If
your strawberry cream crumbles your
dmsjrist niupt have measured out too
mucli white wax. Tt should be soft and
fluffy. You say your daughter's hair is
Calling. It may be the loose halls that
cause the itching of the scalp.
AMBITION— The lemon hair wash wlil,
I am sure, be Just ..what your hair needs.
Add one ounce salts of tartar and the
juice- of three lemons to one quart of
water. Take a cupful of this and rub
through the hair onto the scalp,
then rinse thoroughly. This will
keep the golden tints In your h;iir,
IS YOUR FACE UNWOMANLY?
Have you dark shadows on your lips, check.
chin (ir*pcrson? If you have B. B. B. English
Caramel Is Just what you want. It removes
nnd cures this unfortunate blemish. After one
application your face will be as free from hair
;is the palm of your hand.
B. B. B. English Caramel Is indorsed by the
medical profession and has had 20 years of suc-
cessful practice In England and on the conti-
nent. It is in fact the only satisfactory eradi-
cation of superfluous hair known to science.
We guarantee ,-\ cure in every case under-
taken. Consultation free for this week only.
Women attendants. Prompt attention to mall
orders.
MRS. DIETZ. formerly with the "Burdette."
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
OQO MARKET ST.. BAN FRANCISCO.
HAIR DRESSING and MANICURING
Ring-el, Duncan Rose, E. A. Sanford, Per
cival Sessions, wife and child; Mrs. S. F.
Sheffer and infant, S. Smith, L. A.
Strauss, A. Thompson, Campbell Vanco,
H. P. Wellman.
Personals.
Miss Lillian Silverstein has pone on a
visit to Seattle and Tacoma and expects
to be away about two months.
.Miss Grace I. Winter of Berkeley has
left for an extended stay In New York,
where she will take up the study of vocal
music.
Miss Calish has moved to 1301 Sacra
mento street, corner Jones, and will be at
home the second Wednesday.
Mrs. J. F. Sweeney and daughter, Miss
Nettie Sweeney, are making an extensive
tour of the Eastern cities. They will re
main in New York until the holidays.
Mrs. D. M. Coney will be at home the
first Wednesday of each month at 425 Bu
chanan street.
Mrs. Max Salaman (nee Franklin) will
be pleased to see her friends the last
Tuesday of each month at 1227 Geary
street.
Percy Howard O'Brien, after an absence
of a couple of months up north, Is again
at his homo in Belvedere.
Mrs. Ralph Davis (nee Ettling) will be
at home the second Wednesday of each
month at C 69 Willow avenue.
Mrs. G. S. Brown of Fresno is visiting
her father, James A. Nelson, 3640 Nine
teenth street.
Mrs. Ike Rosenthal of Stockton Is on
a visit to her sister, Mr?. H. S. Kohn, of
2504 Clay street.
.Mrs. Kenion, wife of Colonel Kenion of
lh<> Thirty-second New York Rt
will spend the winter at HDtel Lenox.
.Major Springer of the Finn Idaho and
wife have returned home after spending
a month at Hotel Lenox.
Mr. ana Mrs. M. R. Fleischman have
removed to 1017 Oak street. At home flrst
Monday in the month.
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Heyman have re-
moved from Fulton street to 410 Stciner,
between Page and Oak streets.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Scott of Piedmont are
at Ignacio.
C. E. Edwards, with Porter & White,
sailed last week for the Orient on a three
months' vacation. II. ■ will stop at Hono
lulu en route to Manila. It is the first va
cation Mr. Edwards has taken since he
graduated from the Ohio Medical College
in anatomy five j ears ago. He will resume
with Porter & White on his return from
Manila.
Los Angeles.
Society suffered a great disappointment
on account of the wedding of Miss Mar
garet Winston of this city and William
C. Woodward of Chicago, which took
place on Thursday morning. It was ex
pected that there would be a big wedding
With a gr^at display, but instead the
couple, with a few of their nearest rela
tives, went to the residence of Rev.
Father Liebana. at the old Plaza Mission,
and were quietly married. After th<- cere
mony an elaborate wedding breakfast wai?
served by Mrs. Arcadia de Baker In her
apartments in ih<- Baker block. The bride,
who is a daughter of Mrs. Margaret Win
ston, is a native of Los Angeles and be
longs to one of the old historic Spanish
without In any way bleaching it Th.->
most delightful lotion In the world for the i
hands is made by soaking thirty grains 1
of pum tragaranth in seven ouncefl erf
rose water for two days. At the end of/
that lima strain it forcibly through I
cheesecloth or muslin, and add half an I
ounce each of glycerin .and alcohol, pre
viously mixed. However, it will be Im
possible for you to keep your hands in
good condition unless yon wear loose
gloves when obliged to work at the black
board.
ALI DA N.— lf the superfluous hair is
dark in color I would advise you to bleach
it with a little peroxide of hydrogen and i
ammonia. This will make it so lit<ht in .
color as to be scarcely noticeable. The <
electric: needle Is the only thing that will !
remove the hair permanently, and this
Is only practicable when the hairs are.
coarse and scattered. Boys who make
such remarks are rude and should be ig
nored. Increasing the size of the hu.-*t
and reducing are two entirely different
matters. The first can be done with per
fect safety, but all sorts of In furies can
come about by trying the remedies that I
are said to make the bust smaller. There j
is only one wholesome method of elimin
ating: fat, and that is by rigid dieting and |
proper exercise. A simple exorcise that I
will reduce the size of the stomach is to
lie flat on the back on the door with the
armr- folded, then raise the body to a sit
ting posture and let it fall back again
slowly. Repeat ten or fifteen times every
morning. Fastening the garters to the '
front of the. corset will also make the j
stomach appear less prominent.
ESSlE— Nightly scrubbing with a com- j
plexion brush of good firm bristles, tepid I
water and castile soap followed by an ap- i
plication of cold cream, is the best treat- j
nient for blackheads. The following 10- j
tion is good also: Half pint of rose '
water, half a pint of orange flower water,
add drop by drop, half an ounce simple ,
tincture of benzoin, six minims tlnctun of
myrrh and a few drops of glycerin. :
Merely sponge the surface of the skin
lightly with the lotion. I fear I can sug
gest nothing for the down-growing locks
except persistent brushing upward.
CJENEVIEVE— There Is no change more !
difficult to bring about than that of re
ducing the size of the hips. Electric
massages is perhaps the best way to over
come the trouble. If you cannot get the i
electric massage, then try the mechan
ical, which should he followed by a gen
tle rubbing with alcohol or salt and water.
K. E. O.— l think the following tonic
will help your hair: Witch hazel, one
ounce; alcohol, one ounce; water, half I
an ounce: resorcin, forty grains. Rub I
Into the scalp every night.
IDA S.— There must have been some ;
chemical in the stuff with which you w^re
scalded to have left brown blotches. A
physician could advise you better on this
point. I do not approve of epsom salts |
for the complexion. However, as you ask
for a formula, here is the only one I
have: Half a pint rain water, half a pint
rose water, two drams epsom salts, one <
dram aqua-camphor. Apply after bath-
Ing with a soft sponge.
BLACK-EYED SUSAN— The formula
for shampoo given in the foregoing letter
to Ruby A. is excellent for dandruff.
B. B.— Peroxide of hydrogen will bleach
the hair to any desired tint. Each appli
cation makes it lighter. Cocoanut oil will
not change the color of the eyebrows al
though it will give them a slightly darker
appearance.
"Keith's"— "We have something unique
for our window Tuesday next. "Keith's,"
Phelan building. ♦
families of California. The groom is a
son of \V. R. "Woodward, vice president
and general manager of the Runclsburg
Railroad, and is from Chicago. The happy
couple received many beautiful presents,
chief among these being bonds to th>?
amount of flO.OOO, which were a present
from Mr. Woodward Sr. Mr. and Mrs.
Woodward will remain in California for
a short time and will then leave for an
extended trip to Eastern cities and per
haps-to Europe.
Mrs. Jesse Waterman entertained the
Wessley Club at a luncheon at her cot
tage, terminal Island, Saturday. The
table was very prettily decorated and
cover? were laid for twenty-three.
Homer Laughlin entertained Aliner Mc-
Klnley and party with a tally-ho drive
through the city on Wednesday.
The Jonathan Club held a reception in
honor of Battery D on Wednesdaj
tag. Addresses were made by F. K.
president of the club; Brigadier General
Otis Captain Diss, Senator Bulla. Will
A. Harris and W. J. Barrett. Punch ana
cigars were served to the guests in the
upper floor of the room.
Brigadier General Otis entertained the
members of the war board and Captain
Diss of Battery D at luncheon at his
home on Wilshire boulevard Wednesday.
These present besides Captain Diss and
General Otis were: John F. Francis, J.
R. Newberry and Congressman-elect U.
J. Waters.
La Mariposa Club gave Its first dance
of the season on Thursday at Blanchard
Hall.
Company F of the Seventh Regiment
gave a smoker complimentary to Battery
D at the Armory on Monday evening last.
A very pretty wedding took place on
Wednesday evening at the cathedral of
St. Vibiana when Rev. Father J. J. Clif
ford united in marriage Miss Emily C.
Conrad and N. J. Lindenfeldt. The Mari
poßfl (lub, of which the groom is a mem
ber, attended in a body and a large num
ber of friends and relatives were present.
After the wedding ceremony a supper was
served at the residence of the bride's
father. Andrew Conrad, on Ninth street.
Mrs. Kate Tupper Galpin gave a recep
tion Saturday afternoon at her home on
Fremont avenue. Mrs. Galpin was assist
ed in receiving by Mesdames L. D. Wil
liard. Frank Wiggins, R. H. F. Variel, E.
H. Barmore, F. C. Jones, C. l>. McClure,
J. L. Murphy; Misses Mary Baldwin, Floy
and Hazel Galpin.
The members of Zeta Chapter of
Gamma Eta Kappa gave a theater party
at Morosco's Burliank Theater, followed
by a supper at Levy's, on Monday even
ing last in honor of Lreutenant John A.
Glass of Battery D.
General Sherman entertained at dinner
Thursday evening at the Westminster Ho
tel. Covers were laid for ten. and the fol
lowing were guests: Dr. F. K. Ainsworth,
L. E. Mosher, \V. J. Tra.sk. H. J. Fleish
man. Charles R. Holteroff, C. Modini-
Wood. Robert P. Jones. E. P. Clark and
itoy Jones of Santa Monica.
Dr. ;:nd Mrs. E. L. Davles, who were re
cently married here, have returned and
are at their beautiful home at Loma
Drive.
Dr. John R. Haynes and Dr. Robert W.
Haynes have returned from Europe.
where they had been sojourning for sev
eral months.
Hon. D. P. Hatch has returned from
British Columbia, where he has been look
ing after mining inu-n-sis.
Mrs. J. B. Howard and family, who
have been summering at South Santa
Monica, have returned to Los Angeles.
Mrs. Howard will be at iiome to
friends at 436 West Ninth street.
Adjutant Genera) and Mrs. Seamans
have returned to their home in Pasadena.
Mr. and -Mrs. T. B. Robertson and
daughter have returned from a visit tft
Canada and Eastern States. Mrs. Rob
ertson will be at home to her friends on
the second and fourth Wednesdays at 5uS
West Twenty-seventh stre
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Coburn Turner
have returned from the East, where they
spent the summer. Mrs. Turner will re
ceive on Wednesdays at 1016 West Wash
ington street after October 25.
Professor and Mrs. E. W. Payne held a
reception f<>r their Juvenile classes in
dancing at Blanchard Hall, Broadway, on
Saturday.
Mrs. Kennle Kempt^.n is in Ix>s Angeles
for a few days previous to her departure
for h»r home in San Francisco.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Lucey have re
turned to their home in San Francisco.
Maior and Mrs. O. W. Welch pave a din
ner Friday evening complimentary to
Captain J. " W. F. Diss at their home in
South Flower street.
The Los Angeles School <}f Dramatic
Art, under the direction of G. A. Dobin
son. will open its fall term on October 12.
Mrs. O. W. Wool wine and family havo
returned from a year's stay in Terminal
Island. Mrs. Woolwine will he at home to
her friends at her residence in St. James
Park on Wednesdays.
W. H. H. Thomas Jr. and wife, who
were recently married in the East, ar
rived over the Santa Fe Sunday and are*
registered at the Hollenbeck Hotel. They
expect to reside here permanently in a
home on Twenty-seventh street, which
Mr. Thomas Sr. presented to them as a
wedding gift.
The professors of Throop Institute in
Pasadena gave a reception to the new
students on Saturday evening.
Mr. and Mrs. Randolph Miner hafe re
turned from San Francisco.
Senator and Mrs. Stephen M. White
have returned from San Frnneisco.
Mrs. William Marks of San Francisco
received her friends at the Van Nuys Ho
tel on Tuesday,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Newmnrk have ponr*
to Son Francisco and will visit their son,
who is a student at Berkeley.
At the Resorts.
AETNA SPRINGS— The recent arrivals
Your gray hairs
not wanted
fr:r^7r^sSa^,y.?..:q [ Many a man and worthy woman
'• ; '-'' ''SBSHBK'^ is turned away from employment, or
">WBffiS^i H neglected in a social way, because of
gray hairs.
""^Sp^ M But there is relief from that un-
*ssL^__JUl'';' fortunate condition.
C V v^^SJj Your hair may be brought back to
— its natural color in four days by using
Free This I Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
Sft 4-DAY HAIR RESTORER
bottle of Mrs.
Nettle HaiTi- :., ..; ;. . , - , , . , .
Hair 4-day It is not a dye, but in a natural Way it
Hair Restorer, ac^ s on tne roots, compelling the secretion
men^wtn l^ 1 " acts on tne roots, compelling the secretion
g£!Sment of the pigments that give life and color to
s "th n c c hairus the hair— in four days— sl.oo a bottle, at
natun^ or - I ail druggists.
Lola Montez Creme
Trial o t , I The great skin food, tissue builder and
p ree ' beautifier. Does not peel off the old skin,
La.ii.. out of but rejuvenates it by removing the ob-
tn^ad'ana^oc structions that clog and impoverish it. Cures
rec/iTmybook complexion faults. It is skin-health
of instructions „, . , , c , i_ c -1.1 , uull>
and a trial pot Wrinkles fade before it, leaving the skin as
of Lola Montez . . • n i o »•«««- **** 111 0.0
m o e f^e ft lt was ln y° ur girlhood days. 75 cents.
pwder FREE. \ Enough for three months.
Superfluous Hair
permanently removed by the /electric needle the only
safe and sure way— as operated by Mrs.- Nettie Harrison
in her Dermatological Parlors.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST,
40-42 Geary Street, j San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lilnlate
Cloak and Sit Souse
1230-1232-1234 Market St,
_. — * — i
Special Inducements of
HIGH-GLASS GARMENTS
Special— slB 50.
Extra Fine Quality STLK FTXISH
KERSEY JACKETS, lined throughout
with elegant quality of fancy taffeta
silk, exquisite large pearl and steel
buttons, beautiful style, strictly first
class in every respect and good value
at $25 00.
Special at $18.50
Special===s37. so.
Novelties in Very Handsome TATLOR«
MADE SUITS, the very latent style,
tight-fitting skirt with separate double
flounce, silk petticoat, elegant material,
worth $50 00.
Special at $37.50
Novelties in GOLF CAPES, extra long,
beautiful combination of colors, the
newest style, regular price $25 00.
Special at $17.50
GOLDEN BATE
Cloak anfl Suit House
1230-1232-1234 Market St.
at Aetna Spring's include the following:
I. A. Frine Frank Saxton, W. S. Taylor,
Henry Jacob, Miss 3. Kelly. A. E. Kronke,
F. M. Lange and wife. Thomas Ashworth
wife, E. M. Gordon, C. Lh Carbone.
E. R. Smith. J. W. Lawrie. San Fran
cisco; Mrs. K. W. Turner, Mrs. Florence
Estil, A. L. Taylor Mrs. Robert Pluger,
.Miss F.mma Pluger, Oakland: Le Roy C.
Hunker, First California United States
Volunteer Infantry; Mrs. C. B. Boudrow,
Miss Kate Nelson, Berkeley: A. J. Cour
sen, Pittsburg. I'a.: Dr. S. McCurdy, B. F.
Kittlewell, St. Helena: W. 11. Rathborn,
Freeport, 111.; (i. A. McKinley and wife.
Middli town.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS -The following
guests have registered here during the
past week: Or. William D. McCarthy and
wife, M. Roach, S. V. Young, John Caf
frey. Mr-. H. D. H..dge. M. J. Goldea. M.
Lewis and wife, W. M. Norton. Mrs. T. L.
Oppenheim, Tom Sawyer, C. Carrigan,
George Bruns, Miss Anna Furth. Mrs. C.
L Miller, Miss Stella Trieat, Albert Wolff,
Mrs. (i. Hamilton. Mrs. Brizalari, H. Ja
coby, 'i". C. Jensen, HL I >. Hodge, J. Dodd,
E, w. Page. Mary EL Calahan, August F.
RodvefS, Eddie Jones, A. A. Brown. J T.
Reilly. Mr?. I). Furth. Lister Miller, Mrs.
J. K. Smith and J. H. Fagran. from San
Francisco: J. E. Gail and J. A. de Voll,
from Stockton: M. Magulre, Charles Reier,
Mrs. McDonald, William Wagner. Mrs.
Hoyi an.] M. Marouse, Oakland; Patrick
Dougherty. Anaconda, Mont.; J. "L. Bar-
Hay. ( ;r«'!<jiber.ar. Pa.: J. H. Jones, Grldley;
Martin Lammers, Bethany; Dr. Brooks,
Martinez; G. W. Price and W. L. Price,
Sonora: Henry Bastian and John Rowe.
Grasa Valley; James Bishop, lowa City;
Ole Berg, watsonville: Aug Artat and
wife. Monterey; K. E. Kgli, Fresno: A. L.
Williams, Sweetland: Thomas R. Bastlan,
Rodeo; J. K. Norstrum, T'nited States
navy; P. M. Conroy, Portland, Or.; P. A.
Doan, Alameda.
Madame Neergaard, pupil ot St. Gematn,
scientific palmist; reading-, by mail, fl; office
hours 1 to 8 p. m. 616 Geary St.. above Jones;
classes.
Lumhrr exports from the United States
will amount this year to nearly $50,000,000.ADVERTISEMENTS.
vl I I Ul lAiVw
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. %
5i r 2i
CHII DRFN'S HFPARTMFNT I
vliIL/1/liLtfJn O Uhl /ill 1 Ifii-rfli 1
\ ALL NEW LINES JUST RECEIVED.
X
I Cloth Jackets. Cloth and Velvet Coats.
I Cashmere Dresses. Velvet and Silk Hats and Caps.
it '- —
| Silk Waists and Petticoats.
| SILK PETTICOATS. Elegant nsw shades and shapes.
\ SILK EVENING WAISTS. Excellent line in new colors and stjhs.
I SILK SHIRT WAISTS. Full line of latest models.
| WHITE SILK AND SATIN WAISTS specially mide to our order
: CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo.
UNION SQUARE.
MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. \
{ OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK, I
f THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY 1
g Season 1899 1900. Now Being Compiled. 3
£ , 2
to The entire edition has been subscribed for In advance. It will be printed 5
» on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound In blue "Pega- 3
g moid" leather, with a handsome design In gold leaf on the outside of the front °{
C cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- °5
Jo Ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- 2
>o dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will Include only the 5
k> names of persons of recognized social standing: a list of club members, with el
f° their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and <*
C Oakland street and avenue guide; ladles' shopping guide, suburban residents, 3
£ and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be 53
Jo permanently located for the winter. 2
>o Address all changes to 3
E CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, 1
)o 225 Post Street, San Francisco. 2
Jo Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL. Art Stationer, 225 Post street. 3
CjLPJUULPJtRJ^LSLS^JL°JLPJLRJ^^ A SLSLSL%JLSISULSISLSLZSLSISIJIJLSISUL2J^^
SPLENDID TETSIMONIALS TO
SIGNOR MARCONI AND THE CALL
4/ESTERDAT there was sent from this city to Signor Marconi on the .Ponce, where he was reporting the yacht race
V telegrams from Mayor Phelan and Chevalier J. F. Fugazi, one of his most prominent countrymen In this city. Both
ii congratulated him and this paper on the splendid achievement* of wireless telegraphy. The Call also received from
, v Secretary H u X Emery of the Chamber of Commerce a letter of thanks for the splendid Marconi bulletin service fur-
nished at the exchange during the race.
TF&&* 13r\ • fd\ (V
tfiVlSry 0 .^ ' ; City an© County of San Francisco
J^^^Mi *" JAM£S Dl PHELAN, Mayor
FRANCISCO CAL.QC^S, 153 i?
Marconi ,
' Ponce, '
Off Sandy Hook,
Atlantic Ocean.
The greeting sent me by wireless telegraphy announcing the result of
the second day's racing was a triumph of science and journalistic en-
terprise unparalleled in recent years . San Francisco thanks and con-
gratulates you on your marvelous achievement. Our position on the
edge of the great American continent and on the shore of the greatest
of oceans makes us peculiarly the beneficiaries of your splendid
work.
/^
_ Mayor of San Francisco.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
842 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS, HOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKK AND PIQ JRO.I.
Jf WH Cft\' £ ffl C«X> Battery Street.
J V- niLjUn (I tU-, Te.ephone Laio 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH. ilgr.
CW SMITH Bhlp Plumbing. St»ambo»t
V- T? Jill! 111, and Ship Work a Specialty. II
and 18 Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS ROYFS&fft Shipping Butchers. 1M
JflJ DUILJtt tVi Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
JV IflF^Tin t , y «"i/ «t, p-ic«. r.mo.,Hn 2 .
•"• LuraiAU, t . y i ts l 0; /wt p.i^ remO(r ,i| n2 .
IP IN FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY. " - rton * iSSS
TT LJlLllll lULl'lUnl. Prop*., ?34 Frri vn t
ft Cat- ngt of Every Description Mods to
Order. T<-1. Hlack 1505.
fAPF.;* DF.ALERS
WTI I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co
niLLAIUCIIC 722 Montßotn< . ry gtrtt>tj .
PHINTIN3.
E-C- HUGHES, m Pan p s^ T^ . F
THE HICKS- JtDD CO %a, Fjr^
STATIONED AND PRINTER. i "
Te^raphlo PARTRIDGE 20. Ca^mia
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. e NE LA^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. *t Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal In th»
Market. OIflc« and Tardi— Main street. ■
CROWDS READ THE CALL'S
YACHT RACE BULLETINS
Continued from Eleventh Paga.
did unsolicited testimonials to that ef
fect. Both are reproduced on this page.
The one is from Chevalier Fugazi, one of
the best-known Italian residents of this
city, and is in the form of a message of
congratulation from Marconi's country
men resident here to the great inventor.
It was telegraphed to the Ponce during
the course of the race, as was another
AGAINST OCEAN RAFT 3.
Ship-Owners and Pilots Will Fight
the Menacing Evil.
If It Is possible to serure legislation to
prevent the construction and towing of
log rafts the California Association of
Masters and Pilots of Steam Vessels will
do so. It will be remembered that the
last r.-tft from up the coast got adrift near
Eureka and was not sighted until found
down the roast near Port Harford, San
Luis Obispo County. During the two
weeks of its irresponsible drifting it was
a nightmare to the shipping community,
owners of vessels expecting to hear at
any time of their boats being wrecked
or foundered in consequence of a collision.
This raft was not the rlrst to be a menace
to navigation, for every one that has been
sent down the coast from the northern
ports has caused trouble of some kind.
The association mentioned, a year or bo
ago, attempted to secure legislation, but
was not successful. Two weeks ago a
meeting was held and preliminary steps
were taken to make an organized light
against the evil. During the past two
days the special committee has sent out
invitations to all of the commercial bodies
in this city asking that delegates be sent
to a meeting to be held on next Wednes
day eveninj in the ferry building at 8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
STANFORD AND
BERKELEY ABE
HAND IN HAND
Fraternize Over the
Festal Board.
A dinner was given last evening to
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
State University at the Merchants' Club i
by President Jordan and the faculty of j
Stanford University. All the full and
associate professors of Stanford and the
State University were present and also
the following: Professor Henry Rolfe of
the University of Chicago, Timothy Hop
kins and Judge Leib of San Jose, trustees j
of Stanford; Lester F. Ward, the famous
sociologist and biologist of Washington,
D. C, and Mayor Phelan. There were
about eighty persona present. President
Jordan presided. All the speeches re
ferred to topics interesting especially to
university men.
Midway in the evening President Jor
dan arose and said: "I will request you
to drink a toast to Mrs. Heafst and Mrs. I
Stanford in silence, for I do not know of j
any words to express our sentiments
toward them." All drank in silence, j
When President Wheeler was introduced |
and arose to respond a rising toast was j
aiso drunk. Professor Joseph Le Conte •
was received with applause so long drawn i
out that he could not speak for several I
minutes. The speakers of the evening |
were: President Wheeler, Professor J. if. '
Stlllman of Stanford, Professor Joseph Le
Conte, Mayor Phelan, Professor W. H. i
Hudson and Professor Bernard Moses.
President Wheeler was in humorous :
mood and kept hla listeners laughing |
much of the time. He also called out j
enthusiasm when he spoke of beautiful
California and of the warm greeting that I
has been his. While the two university
presidents sat side by side at the head !
of the tables the professors of the two !
universities fraternized at various tabled. I
"There can be no enmity between the ]
University of California and Stanford j
University," said President Wheeler, j
"The only enemy that both must oppose I
is barbarism. There is rivalry between '
the two universities. I hear that there
Is a faculty baseball team at Stanford.
Very well, If President Jordan is good for
first base perhaps I can do the first base i
act myself. It might be a good idea for !
two faculty teams to give an exhibition in
San Francisco." This sally mightily j
pleased the younger Stanford professors ;
who play baseball.
"When I was about to come to Califor- j
nla," said President Wheeler a little far- ;
ther on, "I was told that what would
most impress me was the extent of the
country' I would pass over. 1 was Im
pressed also by the sage brush and the
great quantity of sand. It may be a good j
thing to persuade our faculty to devise a j
way to stimulate the use of sand and '
sage brush: the practical side of things
must be observed. A man crossed the :
Dakotas, climbing up one side of a de- '
tile and falling down another: crossing I
numerous streams; meeting all sorts of .
obstacles. }■•■ was heard to say, 'If the
world Is as uig t'other way as it Is the
way I came, then It Is a whopper.' I am I
so far away now that perhaps I will not
think of going back." All applauded this.
"This lovely land of Cnlifornla." con
tinued President Wheeler, "with Its
cheery sympathy and warm welcome,
seems like a well lighted room In a com
fortable home; and I feel at home in it
already."
President Wheeler told of humorouß al
legrd happenings among the faculty of
Cornell years ago. He thought that ho j
from Mayor Phelan. in response to the
one he received Thursday.
The second testimonial was in the shape
of a letter to The Call from Secretary Em
ery of the Merchants' Exchange, testify
ing to the completeness of the Marconi
bulletins posted by this paper at the ex
change.
Now will the yellow kid be food?
o'clock. The purpose Is to organize a
regular campaign against the rafting of
lumber and timber along the coast, and to
do this it will be necessary to take the
matter to Washington.
B/»staurant Man Dead.
Frank BisazzJ. a restaurant man, whose
j place of business was at S2l Kearny street,
and whose residence was at 728 Vallejo
street, died last evening at the Harbor
Hospital of apoplexy. He was found in a
! state of collapse in the ferry building
yesterday morning. Deceased had $700 in
Bold coin on hip person when he was
taken to the hospital.
Builders' Contracts.
Anna L. TVhlttWl (owner) wfth W. T. Veitch
& Brother (contractors), architect -. All
work for a thr^e-story building on S line of
Morton street, 60 E of Grant avenue E 75 S
60, W 54:4*4. S 2:6. W 20:7*, N 62:6; total —
M. B. Price (owner) with Mlllerick & Bo*s
(contractors), architect Oliver Everett. All
work for alterations and additions to a three
story frame building on NW corner of Bu
chanan and Sutter MreetH, W 30 by N 80, West
ern Addition block 274: total. $6100.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LlZARD— Passed Oct. B— Steamer La Tour
aln«, from New York for Havr«.
had never seen such an interesting collec
tion of wild animals. There was one pro
fessor who decided on the basis of figures
whether a student had passed the inebri
ety line by ascertaining how many drinks
he had had; then by figuring out the num
ber of ounces of alcohol and other in
gredients that he had absorbed; then by
estimating the effect upon the human sys
tem thai must ensue. When he had ftp
ured this all out with pencil and paper
he would vote to discharge or retain a
student suspected of being drunk entirely
an the basis of his mathematical totals.
One man judged whether the Glee Club
should be allowed to leave town on the
basis of science; another discarded sci
ence and determined wheth.-r a student
should go home to see his sister married
on the basis of researches in medieval
ism. No two professors were ever known
to agree on anything, and that made them
enjoyable to contemplate.
In serious mood President Wheeler
spoke of Andrew D. White of Cornell as a
shining light. Yesterday he had a letter
from Andrew D. White. One' passage in
the letter was: "If you and Jordan stand
together, Wheeler, you may be able to
do a great deal of good for civilization."
On this text President Wheeeler dwelt
long.
CALIFORNIA'S JUBILEE.
Preliminary Meeting to Arrange for
the Celebration by the Na
tive Sons.
Pursuant to a call Issued by Grand
President Frank Mattison, presidents of
the local parlors of the Native Sons of
the Golden West met last night in Balboa
Hall. Native Sons' building, to take the
preliminary steps to properly arrange for
the celebration on the 9th of next Sep
tember, the •■fiftieth anniversary of the
admission of California into the union of
States.
The meeting was called to order by
Assistant Grand Secretary James J. Jam
ison, who stated the object of the meet-
Ing. R. Jansen of California Parlor was
chosen temporary chairman and P. P.
Maussang of El Dorado Parlor tempor- j
ary secretary.
The following presidents were present:
California, R. Jansen; Pacific. C. B. Stan
genberger; Mission, G. P. Neppert; El
Dorado, T. P. Maussang; Rincon, W. A.
Peake; Stanford, W. A. Deane; Bay City,
J. M. Llebert; Niantic, J. H. Wallace;
Alcatraz. M. Lichtenstein; Alcalde, L. E.
Deere; Sequoia. H. Scheperj_ Precita. J.
M. Hanley; Olympus, M. A. Devine; Pre
sidio, F. T. Finch, and National, D. F.
Nunan.
A member of Halcyon Parlor asked that
the parlors of Alameda be represented In
the celebration.
It was stated that the meeting was one
of the presidents of the local parlors, and
that the matter of inviting representa
tives of other parlors was a matter of
consideration at a later date.
A motion prevailed that the president
of each parlor appoint a committee of
five to a convention to be held on the first
Saturday in December, when arrange- j
ments will be made to perfect a perma- !
nent organization.
It was also suggested that a presidents'
association should be organized, and to
that end M. A. Devine, F. T. Finch, G. B.
Stangenberger, J. M. Hanley and P. P.
Maussang were appointed a committee to
report a plan of organization at a meet
ing to be held on the 20th inst. -
San Francisco Parlor of the Native
Sons gave a social last night In the ban
quet hall of the Native Sons' building to
about 400 of Its friends. In addition to a
good programme of dances there were by
way of divertisement a Cakewalk by
Steuart and Steuart, and vocal solos by i
J. Travers and Stephen Balk. The affair
was under the management of W. Mc-
Pherson, E. L. Ritorl, D. Capurro, J.
Henning, J. I. Madison and T. L. Hearty.
The 9th of September committee of 1599
held Its final meeting last night in Na
tive Sons' Hall and the result of the cele
bration of admission day at Santa Cruz
was a success. A vote of thanks was
passed to President L. F. Bylngton, Sec
retary T. L. Hearty and Treasurer D C.
Martin for their energetic work to make
the celebration the success It was.
:'■'■." ■ ♦ .
MYSTERY AT THE MORGUE.
Unknown Young Woman Dies of
Morphine Poisoning 1 .
An unknown woman about 27 years of
age, comely and well dressed, died yes
terday In a lodging-house at 641 Washing
ton street. The supposed cause of death
is morphine poisoning. According to the
story of the landlord the woman rented a
room in the place Friday night and re
tired. She did not vacate her room dur
lnK yesterday, arid last evening the door
was broken in. Tue body of tne woman
was discovered, she having been dead sev
eral hours. On many parts of the body
are evidences of hypodermic injections,
and It Is supposed that the deceased was
addicted to the use of morphine, an over
dose of which probably caused her death.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 7.— J. C. Reynolds
and wife of .n Francisco are at the
Raleigh; Henry Doe and family of San
Francisco are at the St. James.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
Rupture, Hydroc*!e,
Lloo ' '{sense. Kidney Disease,
Rheumatism, Madder Dis.-ase,
Cat t.-rh. Spine Disease,
Premature ecny, I iver Disfii o,
Nervous Debility, Heart Dis-.-ase,
Tumors Skin Disease,
Private DifienSes, Stomach D sense,
fez.-ma, sneer, Eye D's?ase,
Sleeplessness, Ear Dis-a» •,
Neuralgia, I.un'i Disease,
"emo-rhoids Rectal Disease,
Va.-icocelc, Piles.
POSITIVELY AND PERMANENTLY
. . BY . .
o Jg % o
O yf.fr/: J"y -^: .->.» ■■•s.-iwz^e/ 2
DOCTOR SWcANY,
The Old Reliable Specialist.
WEAK, NERVOUS MEN'S?^
lty: weak and shrunken organs; shattered
nervous system caused by overwork, ex-
cesses and self-abuse, resulting In weak-
ness of body and brain, night emissions,
losses In the urine, dizziness, failing mem-
ory, lack of confidence and ambition, pains
In the back, loins and kidneys and other
distressing symptoms, unfitting one tort
business or pleasure. My special system bf
treatment will cure YOU. Restore your
physical and sexual health and make you
once more a man among men— no matter
who or what has failed.
RUPTURE" I^ by mv new method
KUrILIHC without knife, truss or de-
tention from work— painless, sure and
permanent cure.
VARIf Of F ~~ Hjr ? roce J e ' swelling
V/\IfICVV/Ll_l_ a^ tenderness of the
organs and glands treated with unfailing
success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD FO SON,
Syphilis, and all diseases of the blood
promptly and thoroughly cured and every
trace of the poison eradicated from the
system forever, restoring health and
purity.
PRIVATE DISEASES- 1
etc.. which, if neglected or improperly
treated, break down the system and cause
kidney disease, etc., permanently cured.
WRITF>' our troubles, If living away
m i rom the city. Thousands cured
at home. Book, "Guide to Health," free.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
Offices: 737 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Office hours— a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8
p. m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. i !
___ _^^ ■ ___ ADVEBTISEHEUTS.
♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦+ ++ ++ + + ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■■»♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
! WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED 1
X OUR FIRST CONSIGNMENT OF HOSIERY FOR FALL X
+ 1899, comprising Cotton, Wool and Cashmere,- and will place X
X them on sale Monday morning. X
+■ ioo DOZEN BOYS' BLACK COTTON HOSE, made of fine heavy Maco X
4- yarn, narrow ribbed, double knees, heels' and toes, siz:s 6 to to -f
+ «. Price 16^c Pair ♦
X ioo DOZEN BOYS' BLACK COTTON HOSE, made of extra heavy M*- o >
X yarn, narrow ribbed, German foot, high spliced heels, double kne?, sole •
4- and toes, sizes 6 to io Price 25c Pair
£ ioo DOZEN MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S BLACK CASHMERE HOSE. X
made of fine worsted yarn, narrow ribbed, double merino heels and 4
± toes Price 25c Pair t
T * T
X ioo DOZEN LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, made of fine Maco ♦
+ cotton, plain or ribbed, all-white, root ar white spit foot, hhh spliced +
4. heels, double sole and toes Price 25c Pair >
+ 50 DOZEN LADIES' BLACK CASHMERE HOSE, extra fine quality, 4
■f gooJ weight, high spliced heels, double sole and toes. .Price 50c Pair ♦
X OUR REDFERN CORSETS HOLD THE RECORD FOR SUCCESS. X
X THE CRESCENT CORSET CO., Successors to X
X FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE, |
X 742-744 MARKET STREET. |
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦4-M ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦» -f ♦♦♦+♦♦+♦+ 4 ♦♦♦♦»•»
AMUSEMENTS. _^
y**^SSss». * SAN FRANCISCO OMAHA
/pf~ g^ LOS ANGELES DENVER
WEEK COMMENCING Sunday Matinee, Oct. Bth.
19 VAUDEVILLE STARS /9
7-TRAINED QUADRUF'EDS-7
IMPORTED FROM BERLIN.
FLORENZ TROUPE
Six male and female acrobats who perform In evening dress.
A MINIATURE CIRCL'B. »
HOWARD'S PONIES
Assisted by "Mickey," the monkey equestrienne, and three dog comedians.
LE PAG E SISTERS,
Change artists who can sine and dance.
...LA PETITE ELSIE...
EIGHT- YEAR-OLD COMEDIENNE.
In the one-act comedy, "A ROYAL VISITOR."
V .7T7fXivA77A7v~Qi7eiE7vsr7-
In a new operetta, "Kin& Moo's Wedding Day."
VA/EEK. OF
FOREST AND KING SEYMOUR and DUPREE
Grotesque Comedians. I Jumping. Clog Dancing Duo.
AND — -
F*R/\INKL cus man,
The little man with the big voice.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY, OCT. 3.
Parquet. 25 cents, any seat; Balcony, 10 cents; Children, 10 cents, any part. A Few
Front Orchestra Rows Reserved. 50 cents. ■;"■-- --■-•;.■
CALIFORNIA THEATER $&
THIS AFTERNOON at 1:30 sharp. Last Performance of BEN HENDRICKS in
**f\ YEiNUINE YENTLEmAN."
to~:ntgt:h:t,
EXTRAORDINARY ENGAGEMENT OF THE YOUNG AMERICAN TRAGEDIENNE.
NANCE O'NEIL,
(Direction of McK«>e Ranking. Supported by a capable company, Including Mr. Edwin
Mordant. Mr. George Becks, Mr. Charles Canfleld, Mr. Barton Hill, Mr. William L.
Gleason, Mr. Raymond Whitaker, Mr. Frank Opperman, Mr. Rolette Berthelette, Mr.
Charles Bertram, Mr. James N. Gleason, Miss Virginia Stuart, Miss Mina Crolius, Miss
Rlcca Allen and Mrs. J. T. Raymond.
REPERTOIRE FOR THE FIRST WEEK: ;» ■
SUNDAY, MONDAY AND TUESDAY NIGHTS. |
"PEG WOFFINGTON"
WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY NIGHTS AND SATURDAY MATINEE,
"CAMILLE."
X new version which has been adapted by Sarah BernhardL
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY NIGHTS,
HE JEWESS."
POPULAR PRICES -Evening: 75e, 50c and tit. Mttiateg, SOc and 25«. BEATS NOW READY.
TIYOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
GRAND AND ENGLISH^ OPERA SEASON.
ISLHSH! THE MIKADO! ustjime
ANOTHER GALA BILL FOR NEXT WEEK.
Balfe's Melodious Opera,
SATANELLA!
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY EVEN-
INGS AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
GRAND VERDI NIGHT
TUESDAY
EVENING
IN HONOB 01 THE 85th BIRTHDAY OF THE FAMOUS
COMPOSER.
SELECTIONS FROM
"AIDA " "OTHELLO," "TROVATORE," "ATILLA'
AND ORCHEBTRAL COMPOSITIONS.
THURSDAY, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
NIGHTS,
Verdi's Superb Opera,
ERNANI
ALL THE FAVORITES t'h n b OPERAS!
Popular Prices- -25 and 50 Cents
Telephone for Seats— Bush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
* rwr^lF^-THE '•GEISHA"-! lAVC
AiJillLl-GIKL AND HER-L.IUnO
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW
AND—
The World's Champion
High Divers.
.'■■""'■"-it f.l'-ci-
Phone for Seats. Park 23.
See the IS GIANT GALAPAGOS. ALL. ALIVB!
And "PRINCESS," the BIG ELEPHANT, In
the Zoo.
niFP nil 1 I Corne r Fourth and
uHiL nU 1 HL B^s2... sa-
VIII U UUinUfc. Oyercoau ana
Valises checked free.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, October 8.
♦ CHAMPION DOGS ♦
♦ TO CONTEND FOR $>
♦ $1100 IN PRIZES. ♦
♦ <$<S'<s-<s><s-4>s'<s>'$ > <$<$><S>'s>^<)>,s><s>4>
MILITARY CONCERT BY THE BAND
"SOUSA'S DAY AT
UNION PARK."
TRAIN SERVICE.
leaves Third and Townsend streets 11 a. m.
12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth" and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning after last
course and extra train for the city at 4:45 p.
m. San Mateo electric cars every ten minutes.
Admission 25 Cents.
LADIES FREE.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL
223 SUTTER STREET.
TUESDAY EVENING. OCTOBER to.
Song Recital by Miss Jessie Foster
(LTRIC SOPRANO),
Assisted by Mr. Arthur Weiss. Violoncellist*
Mr. Arthur Fickenscher, Pianist. Mrs. A. c'
Lewis, Accompanist.
Reserved Seats, $1 00. At Sherman. Clay &
Co.'s.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEr CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. eD .
tember 23, 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thur»
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Han Francisco at 12 m and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect",
with trains stopping at the entrance to th-
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound"
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains vie Ala-
ineda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track la fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary. . (
WeeHy Call $1.00 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
columbiuheateT
to-nFghts
the night.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8,
When Dunne and Ryley Will Present th«
BIG HERALD SQUARE THEATER
SUCCESS.
THE ORIGINAL PRODUCTION.
With a SPLENDID COMPANY, Including
EDDIE FOY, JOSIE DE WITT,
Phil H. Ryley. Octavle Barbe. William F.
Carroll, Bertie Fowler, Amelia Glover and the
Famous Florence Troupe of Acrobats.
SPECIAL — — , _L
FARCE EVENINGS, I
SSSf $1 75c, 50c, 25c
PRICE 3 ■ ■
_ MATINEES. 75c, 500 and 25c.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT— "INNOCENT AS A LAMB."
TO-MORROW NIGHT AN S mB
lIP^THE
% PENMAN!
Elegant Scenery and Stage Effects.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
Last Night of "RIP VAN WINKLE."
TO-MORROW evening,
Beautiful, Costly and Unique Production of
Lecocq's Sparkling Comic Opera
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— IO, 15, 25, 85 and
60 cents.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 25c
Branch Ticket Office at Emporium.
OIYMPIA EDDY ST "
%JL~ § ITI £ MA\ COR. MASON
The Only Free .Vaudeville Show in the City.
Week Commencing MONDAY, October 9.
FIRST APPEARANCE OF
ALBERTA LANE,
J»rima Donna Soprano.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
....RUTH NELTA....
I And Her Filipino Baby.
FAREWELL WEEK OF
DU BELL,
The Swinging Wonder.
And a Host of Other First-class Attractions.
ADMISSION FREE. MAT. EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Fidelityand Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. in the State of New York,
on the 31st day of December. A. D. IS9B.
and for the year ending on that day. as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State .
of California, pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $250.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $570,832 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,048,376 25
Cash In Company's Office 34.141 It
Cash In Banks 41.976 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,016 67
Rents due and accrued 2.059 10
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 891,060 39
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, rein-
surance reserve deposit 19,268 91
Total Assets ..$3.109,731 6S
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $170,476 33
Losses resisted, including expenses
(of which $375,400 00 -are resisted '.;_..
for insured) 393,297 85
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less. $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1,495,026 M
Gross premiums on Risks . running
more than one year, $ ; rein-
surance pro rata 172.541 58
All other liabilities 45.09S 90
Total Liabilities ..$2,279.441 65
INCOME. ~
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums $3,209,843 60
Received for Interest and dividends •. ;-.•
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 79,186 33
Received for Rents 56.053 58
Received from all other sources 11,693 91
Total Income ..$3.356.279 43
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing $ , losses of previous
years) $1,541.095 OS
Dividends to Stockholders 50.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ••••• 840.150 34
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officer?, clerks, etc — 134,775 03
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 58,991 SJ
All other payments and expenditures 475.239 95
Total Expenditures ..$3.100.252 18
Losses incurred during the year $1,275,004 20
GEO. F. SEWARD. President.
ROBT. J. HILLAS, Secretary. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thit
10th day of February, 1899.
E. A. RABNER. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST~DEPARTMENT,
S. C. 'PARDEE,
Resident Manager and Attorney,
MOTUALLIFE BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
E -^PATENTS? a!
\S^33Q MARKET bT.S.F.^2B^
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Cn'l. corner of Market and Third streets, open
urtil 1? o'clock every night In Hie year.
BHAXCII OFFICE 6 ; -T Montgomery street,
rrrr.cr Clhv; . ,-r. until 3:80 o'clock.
3M Havr« street : open unlll 3:33 o'clock.
tr.l3 McAllister street; r.pen until 3:30 o'clock.
Ci:> Parkin Ftteet; open until 5:."3 o'clock.
J94] MlMlon strtot: open until 10 o'clock.
TJCI Market street, coir.er Sixteenth: open
ur.tll 1 o'clock.
JOG Eleventh Mm*-!: open until 9 o'clock.
3CP6 Valencia street; open until ? o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty^second and Ken
tucky Erects; open until P o'clock.
CHURCH SERVICES.
t i at rue Strahgbrs' Sabbath Ho«b
I f i'uj) Howard Si Methodist-Episcopal
&  Chuich Bet; cd &3d Sts; Seats F:ee.
fi [I R«V- Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Pastor |
JLi '• . i il'i Res. by the Church. Tel. Black 9*l.
rV;iA«fl?7' nn^ortibifSMi i
{aU< * flaJ. Alii lurtcous ST"* 11 "!! [ Await yd !
I*. { AjT' B'-!8 '-! UUitui welcome '
*JbT mK ~^A> 11 a. m.. "'"■'" Impact of a Good i
If jjJ£3W,;jtj Life." Illustrated from the life of I
iftftCWK l 'Tiji lb<> ' :it<v Ucphns Kolley. Special
JClMl'« if mU |ij c Proofed t>y Martin Bchults.
Anthem. 'I -and of Light" i r:imienion); i
offertory, quartet song: Sunday school |
nnd normal class; Mr Donaldson will |
be with his class. fi:3o p. m., rally of young
people. Miss Ruth rrells wishes to meet I
tht m all. 7:30, norrfc service and sermon on
•'T!ie I'ra.ver of Indifference, or Why Peo- |
ple Want "to be I<-e.l Alone." After ting. I
SEVJ-INTH PAY Advetitlst l*hurch, 914-816 La-
guna Ht.. bet. Ulster and Golden Gate live. ;
Eld^r .1, O. t'orlies, Dastor- Services, Sab-
h.ith (Saturday) ; Lbbath aohool at 9:46 a. m.; i
preach 1 ru; ot il o'clock! a series of discourse i
ffvery Sunday evening at 7:30 >' clock; subject
fvnipht. "Will tho Judgment of the Right- ;
' e.ius Po Post When Christ Comes?" and
"What Constitutes Hlb Coming- as a Thief in ,
the NlKlii'"' Wednesday evening, midweek
prayer meeting at 7:30 o'clock; seats free. All i
cordially welcome.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, oorner Powell ;
and Geary sts., Rev. John Hemphlll. D. D.. j
Piistor^Servloes at II a. in. and 7:30 p. m. j
Topic evening, "The Signs of the Times at '
the Close of Thlx Wonderful Century." I
Music morning, "Te Deum" 'O, L. R. Dress- |
ler; offertory, "The Morning Land" ; duet, j
soprano and tenor. Mrs. Mark and Mr law- ,
rence. Music evening, anthem "Pra.ls« the !
1,0ni." Gerrlsh: offertory, "Show Me Thy i
Way" (arranged from Handel's "Largo" 1 ;
ulto solo. Miss Iseila Van Pelt. All are made !
welcome.
GRACE M. E. Church, earner Twenty-first and j
Capp sts.. J. N. Beard, D.D.. pnMor-Preach-
Ing at 11 a. m. by the pastor. Morning
subject, "Problems of Preacher and People—
Popularity anil Scrularity. " Sunday school, ;
12:43 p. 111. The Epworth and Intermediate
League will meet together at 6:15 p. m.
Evening subject, "The Noble Enthusiasm of j
Life." All are cordially Invited. Seats free. i
THE First Unitarian Church, southwest cor- j
ncr Geary and Franklin its., Rev. Dr. Steb-
Mns, minister emeritus; Rev. N. J. B.
Schultz. minister and superintendent of ;
Sunday school. The Sunday school Is at 10 '
o'clock. Tlia mini service Is at 11 o'clock.
Rev. George H. Dodson of Alameda will oc- ]
cupy the pulpit All are cordially Invited.
There is no evening service.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason sts.; Rev. George C. Adams. D. D..
pastor. Rev. Edgar >. Libby of Illinois will j
preach morning and evening: 11 a. m. theme.
"Life's Supreme Moments"; 7:45 p. m. theme,
"Chariots and Horses of Fire." All are cor-
dially Invitod.
THIRD Congregational, Fifteenth St.. near
Mission. Rev. William Rader past 11 a.
m.. Fermon by Rev. W. R. Balr Of Kansas.
7:*o p. 111., Chaplain Frederic Brown of the
lowa will r r *'n r h.
FIRST Church if Christ, Sctentlst, Central
block. 213 Sutter St.. between Kearny and
Grunt aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; subject, "Doctrine of Atonement."
Sunday-school for children at the name hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at S o'clock. All
are welcome. i
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E. j
• 'ramer. pastor. Discourse at 11 a, m. . sub-
ject, "The Protlißal Son." Service every
Sunday In Yo6emlte Hall. Native Sons' Wdg..
Mason st., bet. Geary and Post; take elevator. !
I:VAN<;eLIS7I<: meetings— Tn hall 3036 Six- I
tcenth st., between Valencia and Mission.
Meetings for Christians Sunday, Oct. S. at 3 p.
m.", the goppel at 7:4\ and each evening
• through the week. Saturday excepted. J. '
Campbell. Dr. Matthews, evangelists.
REORGANI7JED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Post it.— Preaching 11 a. m. by C. A. Parkin. |
Sulijeit. "This Life the Preparatory Oppor-
tunity for an Extended Life, and to dime :o
Man Through Jc^us Christ Only.. Preaching |
7:."'i p. m. by A. C. Phillips, a missionary, I
This church preaches the "restored gospel." I
M''HMi>X conference— Semi-annual conference |
Of the Church of .Tesus Christ of Latter Day I
Saints to-day in Pythian Castle. Time, 10
a. in:, 2:31 and 7:45 p. m. Extra singing.
All welcome. _f Pn |^_ f ree.
THE Theosophical S(»ciety— Lecture to-night In
Odd Fellows' hull-.llng. Seventh nd Market
Ets— i'Buddha and Christ." by Will C. Bailey,
l.r.tus circle, 11 a. m. Sundays. Inquirers' j
elates, Tuesdays. S p. m. ; Thursdays, 2:30 j
p.m.
_____^___^__
M i : ; •: tixg S — l l m> ay.
A FREE scientific lecture— By request Dr. J.
Depew Kergan will deliver a lecture on "The i
Origin of Heat and Cold," scientifically con-
sidered, this evening at I o'clock. Crystal
Hall. Pythian Castle, 909 Market Ft., followed
by magnificent art views. Those attending 1
this lecture may procure free tickets to the j
wonderful X-my exhibition on Tuesday even-
Ing next.
PROF. GEE, test medium, will entertain his
audience with many wonderful and startling
tests: 2 p. m. free: £ p. m. 10c; A. O. F.
building. 102 O' Fan-ell st.. near Alcazar Thea-
ter; Prof. Bnrafl, muster musician.
EDWARD EARL] nt Scottish Hall. 107 rkln
St., to-night, S o'clock. In his wonderful tests
and messages: names In full; admission 10c.
SOCIETY of Progressive. Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkln and McAllister,
Sunday, October S. at 7:30 p. m. Speaker,
Mrs. R. mile; subject. "Our Guiding: Star. ' '
AT Dr. Rlnes' spiritual society 309 Market. 11, .
free; 2-S. Me; Mrs. Seeley. Vlgers Gltllngham,
Davlson; Oct. 11. Wed., 335 McAllls.. all tests. '
JOHN SLATER- Grand test seance to-night at
8:15. hnll 9a9 Market st. : messages and ques- i
tions answered. Admission 10c.
HEADINGS from vibration; character and ad- |
vice; short: to-morrow all day; 100. H. H.
BROWN, C£l Turk st. " ;
DR. TEED (Koresh) speaks this evening at 102 '
o'Farrell: last time before returning East; i
admission free. . ; j
SOUL culture meetings — Sunday 7:80 Wednes-
■lay 2. Thursday S p. m.; free. H. H. BROWN,
r.21 Turk st.
KATIE "I?EUSSMANN'S ilttlngi daily H
cymbal circles Friday eve., 25c. 641 Jessie, j
off Seventh. j
MRS. C. J. MEYER, spiritual test medium; to- !
night, S; skeptics Invited; 10c. 533 McAllister. •
MRS. HAHLAND'S convincing ten circle to- '
night; articles read; 10c; sittings daily. »4 6th. 1
A test meeting Sunday, I and $ p. m. ; 10c. 14S
Cth. mis. 1-2; Stltt. '<ar«. Arnold, Hargrave. !
AT 117 Larkln St., the nth. Captain H. XI.
Brown; Mr«. M. A. Reed of Boston: 10c.
MRS. ROBINSON. li:3 Market, bet. 20th and
llth circle Tuecday eve.; sittings dally.
MEDA 1 HOS KINS, cirri- Monday night: sittings j
dr. 11;.-. 1423 Market st.. bet. 10th and nth.
MRS. MESA FRANCIS, independent slate \
writing medium. JIS Halght ft.
MRS. EGGERT AlTK£N.~niedluin: sittings
daily. 120 McAllister, flat 1.
C. V. MILLER'S r.ftterlßllirng~6eanc9. 8 p. m.
40? Lcavenwor 1 st.: We.
111 ETlNOS— CnlTenial Brotherhood! j
THEOPOPHICAL Society InArnerlcaT 819 M - !
krt st.— Lecture to-night. "Reincarnation." !
by J. H. Griff-**: Tuesday, 7:45 p; m.. Jubilee !
meeting; addrcas by Dr. r im« A. Anderson: j
subject. "A New Heaven an; a New Earth"; !
s}«»clal musical r.nrl literary features.
MEETING AOTICES.
HERMANN Lid«e No. 18, F. ar.J A. m~"
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY iMrn-
day:*, October 9. l^f's, at 7.3u nY, kTY i
p. m. D*k. 1. By order of the W. v. /V>
R. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
ALTA I^d s e~No~. 2C5 I. O. 'o7l£~^&^r
Initiation MONDAY EVENING, '^?^KI
Ort. 9. Visitors invited. =2Hi3£*2sr
W. WARD BECK LET. N. G.
FIDELITY Lr.l S e No. fK. I. O. O.
reinitiation MONDAY EVEN- 4» r7>^.
ING. C. 11. KORNBECK. N. G. J§
• IVM. B. CURTIS. Secretary. - v//llvV> '
THF. 'fire! - m d mf*njb"rs of C«;r- »
viHii-Mrntf n-ifiln L. and B. Soci- rVvU%
ety :>!'■ her< by requested !d nt- \aSiy
tend the f;::?-ral of our late sSt?v?!3J|
t.rothor nnd past president. SfiiJrfSi
LA'/.\R .IOV-.VICH. THIS SUN- tWIIOFrI I
DAY. October 8. at Society .Hall. £ssins«i »
30 California -■ . nt i p. m. WHI *'w j
shary. By order of '
M. X: TASOVA2. President. Nl^'.-- s
SPIUO VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary. ;
.ANNUAL triceUnjr, stockholders of The Slme !
Company— Th« annual meeting of the stock- I
holders of The Sinie Company will be held at j
tin* principal office of the company in San
Frnncisco, Sal., on WEDNESDAY, the ISth
day of October. 189?, at t o'clock p. m.,» for
the rurpwe ... directors nnd for the I
transaction of ouch other business as may
prepcrly corr.e befrre the meeting.
ALBERT C. AIKKN. President.
Dated October 7. :533.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
ASTROLOGY.
JOIN Astrology Club: meetings in San Fran-
cisco; horoscopes, $1. Prof. Monrce, Lorln
I'Borkeley), Cal.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
LAW and Loan Co tine Capital J1C0.0CO: pro-
acc-.ta or defend lawsuits In all courts on con-
tingent fees; employ able counsel; loan money
on any kind of security. Advice tree, by mail
or at Office, 214 Pine St., room 04.
ADVICE free; R. W. KINO, sixth Boor, Chron-
icle bldg. ; no advance charges- all canes, es-
tate*", mortgmges, damages, collections, bank-
ruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, utty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FIX>OD. 985 Market St., opp. Mason; j
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
NAOLB & NAGLE, attorneys at law. Emma
Spreokftls building. 911 Market St.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market »t.. .-.pp. Mason.
BATH CABIKKTS— THKRJIAI.. .
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding !
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
call and se» It; descriptive booklet free. W.
8. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis st.
BICYCLE REPAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth. '■
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY. ;
HOARD AM) ROOMS.
UNCLE HARRIS, :. r Grant, makes advances at |
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions. j
MARKET. 104SA (Hotel Robinson) Under now j
and excellent mantjement; Mm. M. C. Rob- |
inson, formerly Oakland, prop.; sunny suites
very desirable for families; first-class table;
quick service; reasonable rates; family suites i
a specialty; American and European plan.
EDDY, 724. near Van Ness aye— Handsome
front parlor, with board, for two people;
rates reasonable.
ELLIS, £07— Well-furnished front rooms, with j
irocd board; bath; telephone; gas: piano.
MARKET, IS2O (Las Palmas)— Suite of 2 or 8 I
rms. ; private; bath; sin. rms. ; board optional. ;
NATOMA. 253, near Fourth— Board with or J
without room; gentlemen preferred.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms; !
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWEIX. £09 (The Waldorf)— suites i
and single, with or without board.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly !
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the ,
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HOARD AXD ROOMS WANTED.
KEFINED gentleman and wife desire pleasant j
suite with board; must he central and rea-
sonable; permanent If suited; references ex-
changed. Box 260, Call office.
YOUNG machinest lately from Pennsylvania I
desires room and board in private Protestant |
Christian family; central; state terms. Bux I
SCO, Call office.
RESPONSIBLE coinile. no children, want j
board; sunny ruom; prlvnte family; perma- 1
nent; $40. Box 238. Cnll. j
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WOULD like a child fronrT~to~TTear9 old"; •
reasonable terms and reference. Address J. j
DOLSEN, Frultvale P. O.
A YOUNG lady would like to board a child not
under a year old. Box 262, Call.
CHILDREN'S home: mother's care; $5 menth- I
ly. Address H.. Pruitvale P. O. j
■ — — — — — • — — —
HOOKS — NEW AXD OLD. |
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged, j
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission st., near Third. I
BOOTS AN i) SHOES.
CHILDREN'S 1 ■■■ • kangaroo school shoes, B£c;
lad's stylish lace or button s-hoes, Jl 25; men's
shoes, $1; price list mailed free. PEOPLE'S I
SHOE STORE. 1303 Stockton, nr Broadway j
HISI.M.SS CHANCES.
A— |6So; LAUNDRY route: clears 1100 a month:
horse and wagon. Mi : :i ■< > & CO., 22H Geary. !
A 1350; ROAD house, near flourishing town; i
good business. KREDO & CO.. ::- Geary.
$175— BRANCH bakery and notions: J.i to $10 ;
dally: rooms. KREDO .* CO., 22' i Geary st. |
$ISi>O— CORNER grocery; bar; finest store West- •
em Addition; value of IS In stock r.nd fix- j
ture?: 4 rooms; rent $35; receipts $35 up;
greatest offer out; going East. M. LESS, 7iio ,
Market st.
$30')— BRANCH bakery; fine location; • nice liv- j
ing rooms; reasonable rent: present owner i
there many years; cheap. M. LESS, 76S Mkt. !
$200— CORNER branch bakery In the Mission; j
4 living rms.; receipts from $12 to $14 per day; '
rent cheap; old estab. M. LESS, 765 Market. ,
$500— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; bargain this
day. McLAI GHLIN i CO., 777 Market st.
$300— CANDY store: bargain; going East cause j
of sale. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market. !
GENERAL merchandise business In country, I
beor full investigation; - country hotel) and j
restaurants: 2 branch bakeries; fine paying j
grocery ptores and saloons: business of all j
kinds bought, sold and exchanged: money
loaned on lodging houses. EITEL, 1008U Mar-
ket St.
CLEAR property In Stockton to exchange for
rooming house In this city. COWING A CO.,
■ ■
A REST A RANT; great sacrifice: cause~de-
partupe; bargain. COWING * CO., 993 Mar-
ket Bt
BAKERY; fine location: good business; bar
gain. See COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
LAW & LOAN CO., Inc.— Capital $100,000; will
Invest your money on approved and guaran- ■
teed Becurlties, paying monthly I per cent
net Interest: will prosecute or defend lawsuits j
In all courts on contingent fees; employ able
counsel; advice free. 214 Pine St.. room C-t.
A MODERN invention of the ace: territorial '
localities for sale; energetic parties ran clear j
$20«0 a in- nth For particulars address In
writing box 230?. Call
THREE good hotels for sale or rent: good and [
centrally located; dining-room: rent paid in I
board: price $100. Room 2, 10074 Market »t.,
near Sixth.
BUSINESS man with $2*oo to take Interest In
newest money-making business: best of ref- |
erences given and required. Box 237. Call. j
WANTED— Druggist with $4000 to buy half In- '
t«re?t In a drug store In Southern i"alliornla. I
Apply to G. .T. BECHT CO.. 30$ Stockton st.
MUST be »old cheap; restaurant. Third ft ;
have ether business to att«nd: r > •■! chance
for man and wife. Address box 2. r .«. Call.
$50— Brunch bakery; 3 rooms, pan furnished!
fine plnce for man . nd wire Wishing to serve
meals. 1114 Pacific, near Polk st.
FOR sale— A half Inl -»• In a flist-c !«*■>; pay- ;
ing hotel and bar; partner retiring on account '
of sickness Box TM, Oil offlr*. ■
$175— HARDWARE and bicycle repair business; j
good location: satisfactory reason for selling.
Address box 779. '"'all office.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In; two
ms; rent reasonable. IM Third aye., cor. ;
Clement; take Sutro oar.
BAKERY for sale: brick oven: central loca-
tion; steady cash trade. Box 2SOI. Call office.
PARTNER: German: news and book agency!
or tor sale. J. lIUNKLER. 30C6 Twenty-fifth, j
WOOD and coal yard; established: good loca- j
tlcn: ehcnp rent. Box 79.'i, OU office.
£500— PARTNER in cigar stand; full Investiga-
tion given, Box 118. Call.
WELL-APPORTIONED. paying restaurant,
good location, nt nbrriflce: would take part- '
ncr; other business. ALFA CO.. ■■' Market.
$15— TO-LET, stall In large market, suitable
for poultry, oysters or dfillcncies. SONOMA
Market. 1307 Pork st. j
FOR salo — Bakery «nd delicacy store; must be
■Old «t once Inquire at 2917 Sixteenth -st., ;
near Howard,
$400 -RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location, good trade: sickness. if"? Hyde. !
CIOAR store: water lint; must h- soldi pro-
prietor deceased. /> § ily 227 Battery st
TAILOR shop; complete: S rears' standing; 4'
living room* and kitchen: completely fur-
nlsh*<l: stock r>l n«w «nd scvond-hnnd cloth- ;
Ing: owner going bnrk to Old country. 1C33 \
D*vlsnd«-ro st.. !i»n: Butter
FOR talc Fruit and cigar stand: 2SIO lirenn
w!-h St., Presidio; soldiers' trade; reason
sickness.
FOR SALF,— Fine grocery and bar; Post «nj
Devisadem st.; for one week.
PRIVATE boaidlna- house; H boarders; 15
rooms all full; north Market. Box m. r .. ball.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE
7- Mission st.
COFFEE nnd t»u routes mpplled from GEO
W. CASWELL i CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper
Apply Call office. ■ ■
FOR cale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR Bale— Columbus trap, with shafts, one
or two seats; in excellent condition: also one
bay gelding horse; weight 950 pounds; suit-
able for buggy; good traveler, sound, kind,
gentle and In perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE, Ban Rafael, or 320 Sansorae
St., room 15.
DELIVERY wagon carrying 1 ton; 1 buggy,
good a.» new; made here. SHAW, 1621 Market.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN & SON, ?117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
■ i :
CARPET D EATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 858 »57 Tehama St.; tel. S 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr. . 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 842 McAllister St.: phone South 14«.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South ?2S; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Jo per yard; laid at 3c.
•STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jesale 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning. Ie per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLI.VS Carpet-beating Works, 333 Goldsn
Gate ny». : tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear Bt.
LLAIRVOYANTS AM) M LAI.IS.M.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
-1 voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. i.:]*-. entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how tv
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the uep-
aruted; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates trasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, i ast, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk st. Always consult the best.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated trance
test medium, life reader and medical clair-
voyant; sittings, $1.
The Sick Diagnosed 1- ret.
Come and He Cured.
By her wonderful revealed remedies and "new
method" of treatment for chronic, special and
obscure diseases.
She has the divine gift of second sight and
can show you the way out of trouble, physical
or mental.' and give you health. 232 Stockton
St., between Poet and Geary. Send stamp
for circular and terms of treatment
MME. LANOE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future cures dttieases by sympathy; never
fails; has the seven seals, the greatest Egyp-
tian secret of the world; shows picture of fu-
ture husband or wife; gives lucky numbers;
advice in all speculation, love and legal af-
fairs; any one consulting the madame will be
convinced that she la no sham; tips on races;
prices 25"c and up; come nd you will be sur-
prised; gives satisfaction to every one. 11C7
Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
ATTENTION! Your fate Is In your hands: If
you want a lot of Information thtr best clair-
voyant and palmist In God's creation Is Mrs.
Dr. Savior; full name and description of fu-
ture husband or wif<-: L. 2.V; G. 50<:; mail %l;
send date vi birth. 1511Vt Market st.. pp. Van
Ness; cut this out: it appears Sundays only.
MM!-: MELBOURNE^ gifted clairvoyant; card
rea.ler; saiisfa vtion guaranteed; tee 23c and
50c; hours 1-ti . nd 7 10 p. m. fil2% Eddy st.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived, 8
Hayes st., room 7. second floor.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader— La- I
dies, Sic; gents, 50c. 961 Mission; open Sunday.
J. ZERA, the beat fortune-teller, has love
charms and tells lucky days. 263 Third st. j
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed,
2ic: reading by mail, $1. 7 Seventh St.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 2dc up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader:
past, present, future, !sc. 148 Sixth st., r. 12.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2.'c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards. Be; daily. 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln el. |
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212% Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. trance test m»dlum,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
MME. SYP.ILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2.".c; hi lies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
•■' paces. In wrapper, for mailing, V, per year.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FIFTEENTH. ISTfi. near Dolores— Sunny bay- '
window cottages. 5 and 6 rooms; large base-
ment: yard . cheap.
JONES, - ■ •-' To rent, cottage i rooms and
b«th; hot and cold water; rent $14.
$,; COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms and stable;
water free; sunny '•:•■ 327 Hearst aye.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market st., over Cafe Ziinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap- :
plied to the gums: the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fllllncs from tl up; other lilllncs from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 TO up; flesh colored plates from $3 30
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for Dalnless dentistry,
Syr..], on application to the gums, removes
the pain: ■■■ our flesh colored plates, thinner
and Btronser than rubber, warranted for 20
> ear.- : crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fining;", EOc; crowns. $3 £0; plate*,
full set. jr.: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 909 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
}3 £0 up: plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hcurs. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.S lays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DB GEORGE W. LEEK, N O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
Of-rful secret method; crowns, 12; bridges, 54;
rubber or flexible plates, 13; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Elevenfh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
• ialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM- Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 yean; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. . ■' Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. S graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
MEYER— Deutscher Zahnarzt.*6 Turk: Ist -class
work: prices reas.: gas: crown * bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211 Examiner Bldg.;
work reasonable: satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. . work warranted 10
years. N. V Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
£ET of teeth without a prate. DR. H. G.
vorxn mi T"ik st .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
WANTED— LadIes to learn to cut, design, make
their gowns; satisfaction guaranteed; pupils
can make their gowns while learning; send for
_jclrcular. MRS. LIVINGSTON, 530 Butter it.
S. F. Dressmaking , Ladies Tailoring parlors;
French tall Ing system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 887 Geary; dresses
made tl up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
Kltl 1 ■ATKIXAI,.
HEALD'S BusfneTs College, 24~Poi5t'stT"sr'F7;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand'
typing. languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engl-
nrerlng. etc.; new ?0-p'<ge catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st., short-
nnnd, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates: '.'•• scholarship, ISO; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers 1
i-.llia system: sunny rooms; low rates day
evrn. San Francisco But College. 1236 Markt!
ENC.INEEIUNO School! civil, electrical, mln-
Ing, mrch. survey. assay. archt., -day and even ■
'■' U64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.'
MATHEMATICS. m-chnn!cs. Ft earn. "graphics"
etc.: circular* art.l specimen lesson papers'
evenings. Zilta Sixteenth at.
LADY, expeii-ncfd high *cnool teacher Unl-
verstty graduate, teaches in families. 954
Adeline it., Onklnnd.
11. G. BARRETT, a Tending court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
In shorthand: pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris Krud. ; French. Spanish.
i? mo, 530 O. G. ave,^r. 5-7: hours 2 to S. '
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F , and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; lay and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German: pupil ot Conservatory of
t*lpi lessons 75c. 820 Golden Gate aye.
•'EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. SOS Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetlc.grammar.wrttlnir
day and night; terms low. 1U24 Mission, nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. .. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Parrell; tel. East 426.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help, furnished
free. 61.5 Clay st. : phone Davis 821.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
j NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse
I girl or assist housework. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutler st.
1 FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation,
also a first-class French cook, with best city
references. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS infant nurse desires a situation;
best city ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
COMPETENT school teacher desires position In
family to instruct children and other light
work. Box 2C3, Cajl office.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes any kind of
work few hours dally by the weok. Apply &
Auburn st.. off Jackson, above Mason.
FIRST-CLASS dressmakers' helper or sewing
in families; experienced; terms very reason-
able; or will do sewing and light work. Box
261, Call office.
CULTURED young lady desires position as
companion to Invalid; no objection to travel-
ing. Box 702. Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do second
work or general housework; call Monday. 1206
Mission st.
COLORED lady wishes situation to do general
housework or downstairs work. Address 915
Powell St., between Sacramento and Clay.
FINE laundress wishes washing and mending;
terms very reasonable. Address box 254, Call.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes situation to
take entire care of Infant from birth or young
children; first-class references. 106 Hayes st.
WANTED— Position as nurse to Infant or small
child by thoroughly reliable woman; excellent
references. Address 1122 Larkin st.
WANTED By an elderly American woman,
situation to do light housework in small
family: small wages. Inquire or address 12V4
Scott place, bet. Pacific and Broadway.
WANTED— Situation as Infant's nurse; best
city references. 5 Ewlng place, off Laguna,
bet. Sutter and Post sta.
WANTED— Position of trust by an Intelligent
business woman; No. 1 references. Box 479,
Call office.
LADY stenographer and typewriter experienced
in all kinds of office work: best references;
salary moderate. Address box 480, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter will work
for very low wage« to gain experience. 232
Shotwell street.
COMPETENT woman would like to travel with
a lady going East as maid or nurse to chil-
dren; good reference. Address MISS II ANN A,
407 Franklin Bt.
WANTED By an American lady, position as
I housekeeper. Address box 799. Call Office.
WOMAN wish* a to do housework in city or
country: small wages. Box 781. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes light housework in
small family; wages reasonable; good plain
cook. Call 41 Madison aye., off Harrison at.
POSITION as working housekeeper on ranch by
Idle-aged woman; makes good bread, also
butter; son 16 years old to work on ranch;
wages moderate. MRS. M., 1342 Sacramento
St.. or box 793. Call office.
A LADY, with boy, wishes position as house-
keeper or work on ranch. Address M., 604
San Pablo aye., Oakland.
A COMPETENT girl wishes to do general
' housework; wages $20-si2; references. Call 2
days, 730 Myrtle st., Oakland.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a position
as housekeeper for widower; city or country.
5 Seventh Ft., near Market.
MIDDLE aged German woman would like a
position as housekeeper or with elderly couple;
good seamstress; Oakland preferred. V. G.,
29 ipidga St.. bet. ISth and 19th.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. S2l Mission Ft., room 1.
SWEDISH girl wishes position at general
housework or cooking. 1840 Turk st.
AN experienced dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the. day. 120 Twelfth st.
GOVERNESS wishes position; refined German
young lady; 10 years' experience in teaching;
thorough musician, piano and vocal; also
German and English branches; country; will
travel: reference. Bos 438. call.
REFINED young Christian lady wishes posi-
tion ns housekeeper for widower's family.
Address Housekeeper, '.1 Van Ness aye.
LOANS on diamonds nnd Jewels: low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
LADY wishes to keep house for widower's
family. Address 1033 Valencia st.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. Call nt ISO Fourth St., room 7, Ist floor.
WANTED— Position as second girl: wages $25;
best of references. Address box 4SS, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 nitrht: $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to nnd from ferry.
A BRANCH office for ''all advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencln st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
ELDERLY, active American wants place
with private family; handy and willing; good
home: small wages. Address box 404, Call.
LUMBER Young man of 10 years' experience
and familiar with lumber, wholesale and
retail. In yard, mill and office work, wants
situation. Box 403, Call office.
YOI'NG man would like a position In grocery
or wholesale house; has had a little experi-
ence; can furnish first-class reference. Ad-
dress Volunteer, box 2400, Call office.
WANTED by first-class laundryman position
as foreman or manager; I am an economist
an.l worker; can give best references. Ad-
dress W. D. McINTYRE, 1845 Market St..
Denver, Colo.
YOUNG man wants labor work; Inside pre-
ferred. Box 252. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, with good Eastern ref-
erence, wishes situation as coachman-; sober;
reliable and not afraid of work. Address
box 253. Call office^
SITUATION wanted to take care of horses and
garden: good references. Call or address J.
KIECKBUSCH, ISOO Union at., cor. Octavla.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly in all branches. No. 1 references, de-
sires situation as such. Address C. S., 1022
Jackson st.
GOOD all-round cook wishes a situation; sober
and reliable. JONES. ins Sixth st., room 17.
YOUNG man. speaking French and English,
understanding all branches of business, de-
sires a steady position; Al references given.
Address box 242. Call office.
ALL-ROUND German cook wants a place In
hotel or boarding house; wages $40 to $60 a
month. Address 106 Second st.
WANTED— Position to establish agency; has
long experience. Call or address W. B. MAR-
TIN. Cosmopolitan Hotel.
PAINTER with full outfit will work reasonably
by day or contract for right party. Address
box 794. Call office.
A GOOD boy who thoroughly understands the
city would like a situation. Box 780. Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS, 15 Grant.
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried, first-class hotel experience, wants per-
manent situation; city or country. Commu-
nicate with box 2271, Call office.
YOUNG Japanese competent bellboy or elevator
boy desires position In first-class hotel or ■
building; three years' experience; speaks I
good English. Address Arthur Yamamoto, ;
1329 Pine st.
WORK In hospital, asylum or charge of in-
valid, dementia, etc., by hospital graduate
ex-Naval Hospital Corps; age 29; references
for character and ability: reasonable wages
, to start. J. 11. L., box 40S, Call office.
WANTED by reliable all-round man. handy
with tools and engineer, beet of reference, a
position. Address or call at 1139 East Nine-
teenth St.. Oakland.
■AN expert experienced male stenographer.
1 with thorough knowledge of office work, de-
sires position: best of references. Box 407,
Call office.
YOUNG man (18) without experience wants to
learn <Jlnir.g-tocm work; restaurant prefer-
red: wages no object. Box 2351. Call office.
YOUNG machinist wishes place as braes or
iron worker: good on vise and lathe. FRED
CLAUB. 117'- Silver st.
YOUNG man desires position as shipping, stock,
order clerk or packer; first-class references.
Box 110, Call office.
BOY. 1?, living with parents, would like to
learn some good trade. | Box 413, Call office.
GERMAN gardener desires situation In private
place, city or country. Address box 411. Call.
YOUNG man of 22. a High School and Normal
graduate, desires a clerkship of some sort; a
moderate compensation expected. Address R.
M.. box 14. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class poultry
raiser as foreman, worker, or take It on
shares. Address 431 Pine st.
YOUNG man would like a position as fireman
on small engine and boilers. Box 216*5. Call.
CHINESE— A first-class cook wants situation
In private family. Inquire GIN KIM, 84.2 Du-
pont st. •■ y.-v-
. EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted by young Danish man:
thoroughly, understand* care of horses, cows
and garden; temperate habits: good refer-
ences. . Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh st ,
Oakland.,
GERMAN man and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office. • .?.-.-
I YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like work
in grocery or wholesale house Call or ad-
[ dress 15054 Franklin st.
WANTED— Position by competent and experl-
I " ced engineer; best references. Address box
I 429, Call office.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions has ieen established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.!
■ $150,000— Magnificent business block; pays
per cent net: to exchange; J50.000 cash, bal- 1
\ ance other property or country lands; send
for particulars. WILLIAM J. DINGEE, Mills
building. San Francisco, or 9<.>3 Broadway,
Oakland.
! $20.000— Fine Oakland business property, paying
! good Income; to exchange for farm of equal
value. WILLIAM J. DINOEE, Mills build-
Ing, San Francisco, or 903 Broadway, Oak-
■ land.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE ~"
8 acres, near a. lively country town and ad-
jacent to 2 R. R. stations; vineyard on tract:
house of 6 rooms and other buildings; con-
venlnent to San Francisco; will accept a
lodging-house In exchange. Apply
SCHWEINHARD & CO., rooms 2-8. 1007
Market St., near Sixth.
FOR exchange— SCO acres; fine stock and grain
ranch; good house and all Implements; Santa
Clara Valley: other paying ranches, fruit and
groin, for sale cr exchange. EITKL. 1008 V»
Market nt.
EXCHANGE— Sutter st. business property,
I $3500. for Berkeley home; $4000. 3 flats near
park for email ranch bay counties. I. -C.
SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
$2500— BERKELEY residence: clear; large
grounds; for San Francisco equity or clear
lots. Box 790. Call.
$4000 FOR 40 acres of giant redwood; San Ma-
ten Co.; a fortune to millmen; exchange for
clear San Francisco or nearby ranch. Box
791. Call office.
INCOME property at 1209 Fan Jose aye., Ala-
meda. U> exchange for unincumbered prop-
erty In San Francisco. Address 119 California
St., Saji Francisco.
YOUNO, gentle buggy horse for horse suitable |
for mountain travel: must be young, sound
and good appearance. E. A., Call office,
Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market st.. San Francisco: exam. free.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i HEAVY matting, 10c per yard; linen warp, 13c; j
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined,
i 50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1212 Stockton St.. nr. Broadway.
FURNITURE of 10 nicely furnished rooms for
sale. 241. Fifth st.
j FURNITURE of 5 rooms used three months;
very reasonable. At 1731 Mission st.
i i ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$5000 CARPETS, furniture, etc.; highest price;
postal. COLEMAN, lie;. Mission st.
| ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furnlture.etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Silversteln.ll2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
I
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches, Jew-
• elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CAPP, 736, between Twenty-second and Twen-
ty-third: 4 sunny fiats; 5 rooms, bath.
CLAYTON, 572. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; ,* rooms and bath; cheap.
DALE place, 16, off Golden Gate aye., near
Leavenworth— of 4 rooms.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN * lIOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. -
: FLAT of 5 iiirare sunny rooms and bath: rent
reasonable. 5>545 Sacramento st.. cor. Spruce.
1 FLAT. 5 Bunny rooms; >2 Chesley st., between
Bryant and Harrison and 7th and Bth; $10.
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath: rent
reasonnble. 364", Sarramento St., cor. Spruce.
FLAT, 4 rooms, large yard; rent $S. 734 Willow
aye., near Buchanan St.
FULTON. 2422— Sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath,
I yard, garden, opposite Golden Gate Park;
; rent fir..
! GEARY, 2222-2226—2 flats; 5 pleasant rooms and
bath each: rent right.
LOWER flat, 5 rooms and bath. 117 Liberty
j St., near Guerrero.
MINNA, 741, near Ninth— Flat of 6 rooms;
rent $11.
MODERN flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent reasonable.
735 Ellis St.
NEW modern middle flat. 5 rooms, bath. yard,
basement. 639 A Minna st., bet. 7th and Bth.
■ NOE. 695. NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up-
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store
room; $17: water free.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny
bay windows; for 2 families. 4174 Third St. "
SEVENTH, 454. corner Bryant— 5 sunny rooms;
1 cheap. Apply between 1 and 8.
SUNNY 7-room flats. Western Addition: will
j give one month's, rent free to good tenants.
; BURNHAM & MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery.
j TO let— 2 flats; 5 rooms, bath, basement and
yard. 4222 19th St.. $12; 6 rooms and yard, 142
Colllngwood St.. $9; water free.
TWO flats to let, 5 rooms each. Apply 720
Bryant ft.
UPPER flat, 8 rooms and bath; sunny; rent
$35. 1023 Ellis st.
WEBSTER. 63— Large sunny flat; six rooms and
bath; rent $20.
8-ROOM flat; all modern Improvements; sun all
day: rent moderate. 533 Page Ft.
$13— FLAT of 3 rooms and bath; also 4 rooms.
624 Fell st.
$IS— NEW flat. 6 rooms and bath. 328 Clement
St., corner Fifth aye 1 ., Richmond District.
FLATS WANTED.
WOMAN with two children would like small,
new, clean, modern furnished fiat In good
neighborhood. Address box 208. Call office.
WANTED— Sunny furnished flat of 5 or 6
rooms; 3 beds; convenient to Denman School.
* Address box 243. Call office.
I'CBRIEKS, Fl ! llS. KTC
ELECTRIC seal capee, Astrakan yoke*. $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
MEN & women to travel & appoint agents;
salary $76 mo., expenses: rapid advance-
ment; brilliant opportunity. Address, with
ref.. BUTLER & ALGER, New Haven. Conn.
WE want active men and women to take order*
for holiday books, all the best war histories
now ready; sen.l for samples. THE J. DEW-
ING CO.. Flood building, ban Francisco.
GOOD agent wanted In every town; can easily
earn $25 to $50 per week between now and
holidays; write for particulars. WEIS BIN-
DER CO.. 120 Jackson st . Toledo. O.
1 WE pay big commissions for selling best gaso-
line lamp in world. BRILLIANT GAS
LAMP CO.. dept. 2. 46 Clark. Chicago
AGENTS wanted— The American Placket
I Closure Co.. 99-147 Fifth a\e.. Chicago; "out
j of sight" patent closure; rapid seller.
AGENTS to handle aluminum novelties. Alum-
inum Novelty Co.. 110 Sutter et.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
I HOUSEWORK. Menlo Park, $25; Berkeley, 125;
I Alameda, $20; Belvedere, $25: Aleut Isl-
and. $18; Petaluma, $20; St. Helena. $20, and :
I several other towns; a. number of housework
I girls, city. $25. $20 and $1: ; 20 young girls to :
i assist, $10 to $15; 10 waitresses and chamber- j
I maids, city and country. $25 mid $20; 4 sec- '
! ond girls, city. $20 and $15. Miss H. CULLI- <
NAN. 323 Sutter St.: phone. Main »1.
CHAMBERMAID, olty. $20: country, $20.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Putter st.
; COLORED cooks, country h.;>ard Ing-houses,
$25 and $30. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Slitter.
A— LADY'S maid. $30 per month: 2 second girln,
$26 per month: 3 German and Swedish cooks.
$30 per month; 20 housework girls, city and
country. $20 and $25: 8 young girls, nsrlst, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st .
— WOMAN to cook In a mining town. $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Monterey • County. $20. fare
paid; good place. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
WANTED— on farm. $8": hotel and beard-
ing house cooks, $25 to $35; German anci
French ladles' molds, $25; a number of girls
for housework, city and country places, &!0
and $25; German cook, $35; waitresses, city
and country, $20 and $25: second girls and
others; ironers for laundry. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; German
preferred. 2935 Twenty-fourth ft. ,
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. PHONE GRANT ISS.
2 waitresses, Nevada, $20; 2 waitresses,
south, $20; (i waitresses, first-class commer-
cial hotels, 520; 3 chambermaids to wait, city
and country, $20; laundress, country, $20; 6
waitresses, city, $5 $7 week, arm. work; 2
chambermaids, city, $15 to $20; 6 Ironers, city,
$15 to $40.
FAMILY ORDERS.
governess, $25: 2 second girls, $20 and $23;
good housegirls wanted. $15 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT children's nurse to care for two
little girls and to accompany lady going to
Guatemala for 4 months; only experienced
nurses need aoply. Address MRS. LOUIS
HIRBCH, Moore's Cottage, Ross St., San Ra-
fael.
FAMILY washing for 4 to be taken home.
Box 239. Call.
WANT lady performer for concert orchestra:
spledld engagement. School of Music. 2824
Mission st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; small
family. 1029 Dolores st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — Good woman for general housework
for Berkeley. Call Monday from 7t012 a. m.
at 606-607 Merchant st, :
WOMEN for general housework and plain
cook Wig for 3 adults: German or Swedish pre-
ferred. Call 472 Page »1.. Monday morning.
A NEAT German or Swedish girl for general
housework; must be good cook. Call 2426 A
Pine st.
WANTED— Experienced Ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry, Blxteenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED— Ladles' tailor for Hale' Sacra-
mento store. Apply 343 Kearny St., between
12 and 3 to-day.
WANTED First-class finishers: talloresi. 223
Sutter st., upstairs.
AMERICAN middle-aged woman for house-
work; small wagu; good home. 1320 Kearny.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. $20.
Apply 9 to 11 a- m.. 40 Bartlctt et.
LADY— Take management light lucrative busi-
ness; good salary; call Cosmopolitan Hotel,
Monday. Oct. 9. W. B. MARTIN.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work. 1420 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class vest maker and appren-
tice and boy for pressing. 678 Natoma..
WANTED— An earnest, willing woman under
35; one brought rp In the country preferred
H. L. & Co., box 231. Call office.
GOOD finisher on pants; call early Monday.
104 Kearny m., top floor.
BRIGHT girl.' CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Mar-
ket st.
ANTE D— Three ambitious ladles; steady
work; good wages. 472V4 Thirteenth St., Oak-
land.
OPERATORS on white work and ladles' under-
skirts. BAUER BROS. & CO.. 21 Saneome st.
BRIGHT young lady to learn retouching; good
pay when finished; lesson, 6 weeks, $10. Box
220. Call.
EXPERIENCED sewers on ladies' underskirts;
work in factory or home. 579 Mission st.
OPERATORS on overalls and pants; inexperi-
enced Instructed. Apply 410% Mission st.
WANTED Woman at 1722 Polk St.; 2in family,
and take orders for shop; $10 per month. Call
bet. 10 and 2.
APPRENTICES, finishers and button-hole
makers wanted; custom work. 609 Kearny,
room 2.
WANTED— lady to learn Spanish rings,
to travel: experience unnecessary. Call at
3G2 Third st.. Sunday from 6 to 9 p. m. MRS
CAMPBELL.
GOOD girl: sleep out; wages $12; no washing.
941 A Golden Gate aye.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording skirts, etc.,
to take work home. 11. FRIEDLANDER, 338
Fell st.
WANTED— 4 ladles who want to make $10 a
week. Call 114 Jones St.. San Francisco.
FINISHERS wanted on cloaks and suits at
WILSON'S, 723 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands: good
wages: apply Monday. 231 Post St., room 4.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats;
steady work. 222 Kearny st.
SOLICITORS; salary at start and big com- j
mission; call this morning. Room 33, 26 :
< ''Fan-ell st.
FIRST-' ass twisters, coatmakere and oper-
ators on conts; also one man that under-
stands making turned coats thoroughly. S.
N. WOOD & <'<>.. 718 Market st.
BOYS wanted: apply Monday 9 a. m. 312 Grove.
SOLICITORS; salary at start and big commis-
sion; call this morning. Room 33, 26 O'Farrell.
MCDOWELL'S Dressmaking School; the oldest
and best Is the place to learn high grade
work and fit yourself for lst-class pos.; late
patterns cut to order. McDOWELL, 103.Post.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels; low interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
WANTED— An Intelligent nurse for 2 children
about to travel East: English, German and
Swedish only need apply. Call at 1225 Pine
st. Monday, October 9, bet. 3 and 4:30 p. m.
AT once— First-class trimmer for country; 80
men from San Francisco. Box 405. Call office,
or can see proprietor Monday morning at R.
L. TOPLITZ/ or Butler's or Schults' ■
YOUNG girl, general housework; German pre-
ferred, Call 6 South Broderlck st., near
Fourteenth.
WANTED- A German girl to assist with sec-
ond work and children. ISI6 Sacramento st.
GIRL or woman wanted at 1443 Devisadero st. ;
wages $15.
NEAT young girl for general housework. Call
■or address 957 Union St., near Jones.
WANTED — Woman for lunch cook; German 1
preferred. Corner of Powell and Beach.
GIRL wanted to assist in housework. 1737
Sutter st.
WANTED— A German girl to assist In house-
work. 629 McAllister st.
girls: GIRLS! GIRLS'.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32H Fremont St..
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chirks and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— A . thoroughly reliable American
middle-aged woman to care for children and !
do plain cooking: small family; moderate j
wages. Box 414, Call office.
COOK and girl to care for children and second
work; mother and daughter, sisters or friends
preferred; dairy; two hours from San Fran-
cisco. Address C. M. S., Olema, Marln Co.
IRONER wanted in factory on ladles' and
children's wear. 123 Market st., room 35.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San J. BS aye.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED —
FREE FARE ... , FREE FARE
RAILROAD WORK
25 laborers for company work, Madura, $1 75
a day, boar 4 $4 50 a week
20 teamsters and laborers for Martin**, $2 a
day. board $4 50 a week
10 tunnel men for Martinez. $2 50 a day, board
$4 50 a week . . . . ; , j
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st.
NO FEE ...FREE FARE
FOR THE COAST ROAD
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS :
SHIP TUESDAY MORNING
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary It
I CARPENTERS for flume building, $3 a da>,
board $4 10 a week, fare advanced; black- !
smith, near city. $40; 20 laborers, n»ar city, ,
$2 a day; 10 laborers and teamsters, city, ■
$1 75 a day: 6 farmers. different ranches. $20
and $25; 2 Swiss milkers, $26; man about place,
$20: soap maker. C. R. HAXBEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
(.'AMP cook for 15 persons, $35 to $40 and free
fare; baker, country hotel. $30; second cooks,
broilers, short-order cooks, dishwashers, pot-
washer!'. city and country, and other kitchen
help too num^rous to advertise. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO.. KM Geary Bt.
WASHER. $40; marker, and distributor. $40; I
plain lron<?r, $25. {or country laundry, see
party here lo- lay (Sunday) at 9 a. m. c. R,
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Oeary st.
SALESMAN— S3OO a month and expenses guar-
:.:.;•■> d selling to hotels, stores, families, patent L
burner for heating and cooking; makes its
own gat from coal ell: fits any stove: cook*
meals or heats rcom In H usual time. Perfec-
tion Burner Co., 22 W. P. st . Cincinnati. O. 1
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for !
civil service or census examination without
seeing our catalogue of Information; free.
Columbian Correspondence College, Wash. ,D.C.
TWO good Iron workers wanted. Apply" at
Ilermnn Safe Factory, 417 Sacramento st.
FOREMAN for Job printing office. . Address
statins experience and salary expected box
251, Call office.
ALL round butcher for country. Address box
255. Call office.
TAILORS— To learn cutting In two boors or
will forfeit $15. Bo* 207, Call. ", ■'
' HELP WASTED MALE.
MURRAY .V HL-ADY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED TO-DAY AT 7 A. M..
Help for Utah. Oregon, Washington. Hawaii-
an Islands, Arizona. British Columbia, an
larts of California. , -
59 farm hands $35, $30. $26. $20 and found
12 milkers $20 and $25 and found
25 chore men. boys for farms, factories, learn
trades, manufacturing companies, etc., *J->.
$26, $23. 120, $15, $10 and found.. .■••••■•••••■;••;
20 men to pull beans, fare $1....530 and founa
2 men handy with tools » ' 5 ?^n
12 boys for a city manufacturing company i')
learn trades, $3 50 to $6 week...... ■•• -- •-•••;;
STABLEMEN E P n GE .!^ M ?£
27 stablemen, city and country, $60, »45, > 4I! -
-$30, $25 and found m
Edseimaii, fare paid, see boss here .....
12 plow teamsters, fare $1 50. ..$3O l and found
23 section R. R. hands $3o ami found
DRILLERS, TALLYMEN ... -,■.••••••
26 single and double hand ■ »* <a aa '
Corner men. bench hands, muckers, etc......
Slate splitters, blockinakers. cabinetmakers,
3 tallymen to grade good lumber. *■*-. » la-
borers for a barrel factory »l i? •}"*„
6 stone and concrete masons wo" ntv
wheelwrights, wood turner •••** ° a^
22 teamsters, fare ouc ••••; - -ii. a y
643 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.....
IS6 laborers and teamsters for all Parts 01
California. }3. $2 73. $2 50, $2 day. Come see
& MURRAY & READY. 634 an.! 636 Clay st.
12 CARPENTERS, sawmill company.... $3 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY, BAKERY. ETC
. . . ?°.° .\ 5 .7.7.7.7.'. ' 'Hi.' $55. ' $40! $30 and found
14 waiters ". $30. $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30. $25, $20. $15 and found
C porters, bell and elevator boys ••-• ••
7 laundrymen end pantrymen. $30 and rouna.
ccatmaker; broilers, second, third and fourtn:
cooks, 2 first, 4 second: third hands and 3
boys to learn baiting trades. $40, $3a, *Za
$20. $13 and found; 5 cooks and wives or men
together, $65, $55, $50. $40 and found.
ABOVE places are for hotels, restaurants, pri-
vate families, saloons, mines board!
houses, institutions, ranches, railroad camps,
come and pee us. MURRAY & READY.- 634
and 636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES MINES 37 MINES
2 men to run underground cars • *%>
15 laborers, fare $1 50 (no experience^. . . -WO
35 laborers, fare $3 60. sliver mlne..s3i found
26 laborers, fare $2 50 $52 and found
16 laborers, northern mine *'"
53 laborers (no experience), $57 per montn,
with board and lodgings • . . • •••■ ■• ••
14 miners $2 25. $2 50. $2 76 day
GREAT CROWDS.. MURRAY & READY.
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay at.
NOT CONTRACTORS' —X^
BUT COMPANY WORK
25 laborers. Inside work (no experience re-
quired) $2 to $2 75 day, fare 75c. steady Job;
25 laborers manufacturing company, fare 60c,
560. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
™** ttP .. Yr ! U . FRE TO EVERY HA .LHOAb
in California but one; drillers, bammersmen.
laborers, stone masons, teamsters, etc.; wages
from $3 50 day; board and lodgings $4 50 week-
ly: (we do not ship to Coast Railroad.) MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
MARRIED HELP WANTED
Farmer and wife, no other woman on ranch,
fare $1 50, $35 and found; man and wife for
mines (no experience), $35
C farmers and wives 5 cooks and wives.
$00, $55. $30. $40, $30 and found. Come and ses
us. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
PUBLIC WORK BY COUNTY SUPERVISORS
12 laborers, fare $1 50. 6 months' Job, $2 25 day;
12 teamsters, fare $1 50, 6 months' Job. $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
•WE PAY YOUR FARES SHIP TO-DAY
To 27 sawmills, woods, in beautiful Mendo-
cino, Humboldt, Santa Cruz, Sonoma, Fresno,
Shasta and 15 other counties, 284 laborers,
men to learn to run machines, etc.; $26 to $40
and found; ("no experience required"), you
will suit; woodmen, sawmill men, tiemakers,
wooden ppers, Dicket makers, etc., by the
hundreds; $80, $88, $80, $75. $60, $60, $40, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63*
Clay st. _______^
.777.. IN SAN FRANCISCO
174 laborers and teamsters, some manufac-
turing companies, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, C3l and 636 Clay st.
GOOD JOBS— READ THEM
Harnessmaker, R. R. outfit. $3". and found;
$40 and and. 5 strong men as deckhands...,
15 blacksmiths and helpers. 4 camp black-
smiths. $2 50 a day and $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— Driver for milk route in city, ref-
erences required; $33 per month and found.
W. d. EWER a CO.. 610 Clay st.
2 BUTLERS, $40 and $45. MISS CULLEN. 325
Butter st.
COOK. $30. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter
street^
WANTED— First-class painters to buy lots or
cottage and lot and pay partly In painting
work. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 648 Market st.
WANTED— Errand boy; wholesale house. An-
swer, giving references, box 239. Call office.
GOOD errand boy who can press seams. Call
at 104 Kearny st Monday or at 403Vs Gough
to-day.
WANTED — Lasters on heavy work; Chase ma-
chine. D. R. WENTWORTH a- CO., West
Berkeley, Cal. Apply 35 Stevenson st.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
in 6 weeks: expert instructions; Saturday
wages: call or write for catalogue. B. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard st.
YOUNG man' as salesman for wholesale con-
cern; must be familiar with electrical sup-
plies and construction material; state age,
experience, references and salary expected.
Box 796. Call office.
WANTED— young man to arrange
goods In store: crockery, etc. H. SCH ELL-
HAAS FURNITURE STORE, Eleventh and
Franklin sts., Oakland.
1 OR 2 good painters wanted. 2424 Stelner St.,
near Jackson.
WANTED— A dishwasher. 1534 Kentucky St.,
Potrero. •
CONFECTIONER'S helper; must have some ex-
perience. 905 Larkin st. .
STRONG boy or young man with some experi-
ence with machinery: German preferred.
HAMMOND & BROD, Spreckels Market.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED Wagon blacksmith's helper. 537
Brannnn ft.
BAND sawyer and shaperman; engineer; bench
hand. East Oakland Planing Mill.
WANTED— Good vegetable man. Saddle Rock
Restaurant, 119 Stockton st.
ACTIVE man who knows the shoe or hard-
ware trade. Room 12. Flood building, city.
UNDER PRESSER on pants. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.IS Grant.
WANTED— Man or woman to travel and ap-
point agents; salary $73 per month and ex-
penses: rapid promotion; also local workers;
guaranteed $3 per day; position permanent.
Century. 3943 Market st., Philadelphia.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Barber with at least 3 years' ex-
perience: steady employment. Address J. G.
-Wood, Sebastotio!, Cal.
JEWELERS— 32S Bush st., room 4. Third floor.
WANTED— A boy from 13 to 15 years, not
more to do odds and ends and errands and
Incidentally to learn a lucrative profession:
must not smoke and must give satisfactory
references; one lately from the old country
preferred: need not speak much English;
steady Job; hours from 8 to 5; wages $2 50 a
week, with lunch. Apply to E. F. I.ORGUIN.
Taxidermist, 1195 Market St., corner Eighth.
A BRIGHT, neat. Industrious, well-educated
and obliging boy, from 18 to 20. fair typist
and stenographer, who wants to become a
lawyer, wanted for law office; wages to start
$20 per month. Address box 447, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade: only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice: expert Instruction-
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages-
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue'
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 655 Clay 8 t!
CLERK wanted In large country store; sell,
also deliver goods: state age, married or sin-
gle, references, experience, salary expected;
permanent position. Address box 412. Call.
WANTED— carpenter foreman to put ud
pavilion. WEINHOLD, corner Lombard and
Lyon sts.
EXPERIENCED machine salesmen can make
A] contracts. White Co., 300 Post st., 7 p. m.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery?
ll«3 Fol?om *t. ,;'
EXPERIENCED German driver for baker
wagon: must have good recommendations
ill L/arkin st.
F A RS CAILLFU P ™ E m"? Kearny Bt. Bults •*
a. (.Aii'tiriAt 5, 114-116 Kearny at.
WANTFD— Men to work on grade of Valley R,
H.; fare one way if employed 10 days- "new
management; no discount on wages -' reason.
. able toard. Apply to E. M. CARR? 'vu^e
V ', A * ter " t0 Mr* scrapen; wagel
jon%r^; s .--r.^ar^an Pablo
LA BCRERS wanted for work at Point Rlch-
siSTir 1 ■£■**" $? JAS. A. McMAHON no
W «r N Jt ED bO> ' ln «cU<mery. 1503 Geary
5 - south sany HELP "WANTED MALE.
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know- i
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still j
runs Denver House. "17 Third St.: 150 large ;
rooms; 2.".c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SCO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 502 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
CUSTOM coatmakers and barters, either by
piece or week. 541 Market st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices, $1 j
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO .115 Kearny St. I
PENSIONS-rJ. H- SHEPARD & CO.. attor- 1
neys. Hearst b1.1t,-.. Third and Market, j
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply ;
at 11 a. in. at the Ptevpn.ion-st. trance. I
OKAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
. .-■••■ wanted. Apply after f. a. m. to
'HAS LYONS. London Tailor. ~2\ Market st. |
SAILORS; arid ordinary seamen for coast an.l j
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Pr.'(.'re«Mve Union: free mploy- '
m't. 11. Bernard; Beef 104 "th ; tel. .Tess!« 152. 1
FIRST-CLASS fur::isMns goods salesman and j
window Arasser. Apply box 2272. Call.
THY our 15c meals; best ln ell 406 McAllls- j
ter Ft. i
2PO SINGLE furnished rooms. I<V. loc and 25c :
per nleht. Llndell; fith and Howard; rend. rm. j
TRY Acme House, 657 Market St.. below Sixth, I
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. ;
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 14 Third St.. rear Mar \
kft- 7"0 rooms, 2".0 night: reading room: free !
'bus and baggage tn and from the ferry-
A BRANCH offtce for Call itJvertlsements and ,
pubscrlpticns has t.een established at 10i6 Va- .
lcncia ft. !
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale j
REGULAR weekly auction sale TUESDAY at I
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables. 1517- |
Iris Mission st.. betwren Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well -broke young ,
horses Just from the country; we will be j
pleased to hitch and show the above stock :
In harness any time up to day or sale. S.
W ATKINS & CO., auctioneers. N. U.— Snl»s :
of horses dlrret from the country every Tues-
day Rt 11 a. m.
1
FOR sals cheap— l draft horse, 7 v<iirf>, 18 |
hands, 14<V>; also hay team; can da any kind
of wurk together or single; 11 years. ttOO; also j
wagon top, good condition. 2324 Folsom st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bungles, j
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market. ,
?27 Sixth *t.; auction sales every Wednesday. |
SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— Stylish carriage team; sound and '
p^ntl". CENTENNIAL STABLES. 1521-1525
California tt. j
FOR tscle— A number of work, rvad and bu?i- i
!n\*s horses. Tomkinson's Llv«ry Stable. 57 !
Minna Ft., bet: First and Herond.
FOR SALE — »0 head cf horses weighing from ;
1000 to 1600. 324 Ninth st. j
FOR sale— An decant carriage tPam. Address i
box 457. Call office. j
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE. 1
R. H. WINSTON & r>^. 1026 Market st
OVER WOXDEK MILLINERY STORE- —
13 room*; Taylor st.; elegant; only Jfi'.'O J
"<* rooms: central: sreat sacrifice r>"fl i
23 rooms; corner; oust $2200; see It 1000 ,
32 rooms; sunny corner; snap 1050 ;
WE have houses to sui* the wants of buyers: j
we do not advertise prices, but invite Intend- j
intr buyers to call anil Investigate our nu-
merous bargains we niter in houses; we loan
money to buyers nt 2 jwr cent. SCHWEIN^
HARD & CO., lihT'.. Mark-t St.. near Sixth' ;
TENANT wanted for new TiO-room house: close
to Baldwin Hotel site: full particulars at our I
ofT.ee. BURNHAM & MARSH CO.', 20 Mont-
gomery Pt.
jOi- Philadelphia House. 421 Bush St.; 4S fur- j
niched ri",ms; gas and water in every room. |
A WEEK'S nows for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, !
16 pasrps. In wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let send for cir-
cular. G. H. I BSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPKCK .\ CO., CO7 Market st.
nous"*- ! Flats—
1661 Octa via, K.r....U50 417 Jones, €r $:T CO
1914 Clay, 12^ 73 1333 Howard, f.r... 21
811 Mission, ftr 37 2428 (^eary, 6r 20
717 Ellh=. fir M 759 Haight, 7r. . 20
1241 Sanchez, 5r 13! 1609 Turk, 6r 17 50 1
ADVA! at lowest interest: private en-
trance. UNCI.E HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
COMPLETE; 7 rooms, piano: near car lines; ,
r^nt moderate: open for inspection 2 to 5 p.
m. 116 Devisadero st.
ELLIS, 2f>i2— Sunny house, 7 rooms, bath; shed
for laundry; large yard: fine view; $Si 50. i
LAGf.VA, 1715—2 sunny modern houses, each of I
S rooms and bath; newly papered.
MISHION, 224!*— House, S rooms and bath, large I
yard and basement; rent $20.
MORRIS aye., 57, near Bryant St., bet. Firth
and Sixth— 7-room house, newly cleaned; rent
PACIFIC Heights residence: unfurnished; 10
rooms, bath, etc.: rent $50. 252S Washington.
WASHINGTON. 2415— House of 9 roams and
bath; desirable locntion. Apply on the prem-
ise* from 11 to 12 daily or at LANDRY C.
BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
TO rent— s-rnom lodging house; pear entrance;
newly painted, papered. 313*4 O'Farrell st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Bt.
2-STORY corner house, 6 large rooms and bath: i
beautiful marine view. Leavenworth and j
Chestnut sts.
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
in rear; newly painted, papered. 313 1 i - ■ Far-
rell Ft., near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$12— House of 4 rooms. 425 Fremont St.. bet. I
Harrison and Bryant.
$13— One of 6 rooms. 3 Lawrence place, off
Fremont Ft. : grand lew.
$12 ."o—ll SUNNY rooms, bath; barn: garden; j
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railrond sta-
tion 1 block; 41) minutes, from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bldg. j
$16- Housh of 5 rooms. 4fif) Jessie Bt., between
Fifth and Sixth: water free.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
COMPLETE; 7 rooms, piano: near car lines;
rent moderate: i] en for inspection 2 to 5
p. m. 116 I.1 '. isadero st.
FURNISHED cottage. 6 rooms, bath, near
park, $32. GEO. W. H. PATTERS.' UN &
CO., 17 ■■: Market st.
POST. 13. r ,», nr. Franklin— Very sunny; « rooms,
bath, etc.: lart" 1 grounds, lawn. etc. low
rent on lease, or will rent unfurnished if de-
«irpd. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
LOST AND FOoND.
LOST— A brown and white corker spaniel. Re- I
ward If returned to 714 Steiner st.
LOST— A pug dog; $3 reward. 114 Shotwel! |
ctreet.
LOST— A pnsshook with the Hihernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of GENEVRA CURRY; No. 233-1200. j
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Dachshund: How bitch pup. 124
Church st.; liberal reward.
LOST— Passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of THOMAS DOWNS, No. 186—1297;
f.mlpr will please return to bank.
$5 REWARD; Irish setter dog. 1302 Fo!som;
ever.in.73
MONEY to loan: quick; all propositions; small
or 1;..r;-> KI/VTH. 220 California St.. r 7.
MASS A 08. -*
MASSAGE; Kentlemen treated at residence. D.
sri.I.IVAX. 515 Kearny st.: hours. 4 to 5 p. m.
MEDICAL.
A--DOCTRK.SS GOODWIN.I formerly of 401 Van
N'^h aye, and 1362 Market, has returned from |
Europe an<i Is now located at 118 Eddy st. . |
1j years' practice In San Francisco; the doc- '
« has traveled extensively In Europe and .
Inspect."! thoroughly the various hospitals ; .
thfr», obtaining n. great deal of valuable ln- ■
formation; cures when others fall; well-known \
reliable cure. $3; guaranteed; maternity :
regular physician In attendance. _. ■
RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO AND ERYSIPE-
LAh- A positive cure obtained by a volun-
teer at tho Philippine' IslnndH, during the
war with Spain, from a dying native doctor; :
v. 11l p«nd receipt free to any sufferer sending
two-cent sump for postage. R. J. MARTIN,
<(fc% Mission St., Ban Francisco.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny '
rooms- best r>t care; nice garden. DR. AND
?2,. BA,8 A, V EGENTER, phone Pine 2781; residence, •
1..!2 i.oM.n r; a to aye.
MRS pn. wyKTHThTdles' physician; consul- •
2m iP r '" : nor n« ln confinement; low fee. 1
- .I!!!!,".:' between Hyde and Larkln.
DH. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for .
"' } arh j 318 ; Kearny It; consultation free.
MRS. DR KOHLI ladieT^phynlclan', 1122 Mar- •
Ket ■!.. 1 rt. Mayr.n an 1 Taylor: hours 9 to 5.
M^» A , U '''; N '- ladle* physician, 228 Van Ness i
— — -— -__L_ ye(i an<l ( ' rov 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
M ,?: s ; n ' i - OWYeh. idles physician. 1 510 I
, Kddy st.. H,vd» and Larking ,
JS&vS 8 - ; A VIES, ladies' physician. 1221 i
Market t-t.. bet. Taylor and Jon»«.
D M 2 r of V « H M ' herb <50Ctor - treats all dis- i
eases ci ti. e human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
FOR BAI E -Gold mine; half or more. N. R.
>','. bnx 2yn, Call office.
MIM.S AND MINING.
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale In i
paying gold mine at $1 per share; will ad-
vance to $3 within six months; owner needing
money must sacrifice ; purchaser may deal
with owner direct. W. F. A HAM. Mills bldg.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Sth
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tel. Main 544.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines? i-hand machinery. Mo '
INTOSH & WOLPM^ 195-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back liar?, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, oiflce furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand- J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion M . above Sixth.
BARS, saunters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought. «old and exchanged."- 106:1 Mission at.
FOIt sale-^Seeond-hand shaftings, pulleys,
hang 1 aaw table, om> Sturtevani blower.
ROBERTS'. 1613 Marlc-t st. _
FIRST-CLASS fresh family cow . for sale;
cheap. Inquire 3'-'O9 Twenty-fourth St.
FOX saTe— 4 English pug dogs. 507 Natoraa I
St., n- ar Sixth. j
j 115-^DOMESTIC sewing machine: good order;
[^complete. 1915i Mission jsC; near b lfteenth. . :
iFI VK holdings to" be removed. Clement and j
i First ets : lumber and tin-wood tor sale. In-
uiVire ,'f FliW K. PEARSON. 1231 Folsom
I Et.: telephone Jessie! 1933.
18HOISTING engine*. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives, ■
lin cars* and all machinery used on Eureka j
Breakwater. X j?_JAKI>INE, 220 Fremont. |
j SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN-SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
I FOR; SALE cheap In one lot. 2u choice cows;
2 bulls i yearlings and 2 calves: part regis-
tered lersevs: cuttle on Sunnyslde Yai in. San-
i ta Cruz; also 5 horses. D. B. WOOLF, Su- ,
pr'-n'.^ Court. San Francisco.
; FRESH snowl nils— "T. Curr" and all brands !
English lire brick, fire clay, brick dust. 8. R. ,
CHURCH. 307 Sansome -'... t.-l. Main .'."SB.
' A "BEAUTIFUL pair perfect gems of solitaire
diamond <-<ir screws for $85; worth ?140.
1 UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
'■ SIX h.p gasoline engine: also 15 h.p. portable
I builrr Jt engine. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
i 2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc . for sale
I cheap; old houses bought, removd. S Valencia.
j DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
' EPSTEIN. 64S Mission, pays gooU commission.
! DR-ICREELY'S C. P. Mango Cure at all drug-
| fciV.s or at the Dcg Hospital.
I SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
! steamers residences: portable safety boxes;
i Fi-vle chests: bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
j Waits Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St., S. F.. Cal. |
! GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and |
1 second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO.. 1309 Mission ft., near Ninth.
$•> 50 DERBY and Fedora huts. $1 75. Popu- |
i ' i ar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine. '
1 SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies, i
! boilers end engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission. I
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus; bargain list No. .
15 now ready for mailing. 10! Montgomery st. ;
BOILERS engines lathes, wood planers. 12 and !
24 in.; gas ens. 2d hand. J. Burke. 13? Beala
DRESS pants {2 75: fine suit. $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING 'PARLORS. El 3 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST nd best In America— Weekly j
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
FIRST-CLASS bike wanted; stiite particulars
and where it can be seen evgs. 22 Folsom aye.
BAKERY ami stationery wanted. . Address box
4/.>. Call C'fnc; state price and rent, etc.
WANTED -To hire. 100 first-class scraper ;
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B. 1
STONE. hurst
A.— Ladies" cr gents' clothing, furniture bought.
sold; tel. Mint 907. JACOBS. 1023 Folnom st.
OLD gold, - Id lust, platinum and silver j
bought. H. Landecker ft Co.. 115 Mfntgom^rv.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security ; payable
Lack in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as Ion? as you de-
Eire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldsr.. 1170 Market st
ANY amount at 6 per nt; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate; mortga^ps ar.d legacies bought: no de-
lay: get m: terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, x- 8.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first,
Becond mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me:|Soto
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages;estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
LAW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; loan
money on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lawsuits in all courts on contingent
fpps: employ able counsel. L^gal advice free
by mall or at office, 214 Pine Bt.. room 64.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abort
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market et. ; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third St.,
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ONE to twenty thousand on approved security.
G. W. HAIGHT. 401 California st.
MONEY to loan; quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH, 220 California St., room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos, jewelry. stock; low
rates. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lntlorner. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, . pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without itflorser. TOUSLEY. 592. Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— Loan of $6000 on first-class business
property; gilt-edge security; 7V4 per cent.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, rooms 16-16, second
floor. Mills building; or, 903 Broadway, Oak-
land.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleass and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS.
Chlckering, Curtaz, Stelnway, Steck; condi-
tion good as new; easy payments. BENJ.
CT'RTAZ & SON. Chlckerlng agents, 16-18-20
O' Far-re! 1 st.
SMALL upright for $100; Hemme & Long, $175;
Gibson $225; Decker & Son, $350; all bargains
at MAUVAI3'. 769 Market it,
YOU get good pianos at reasonable prices and
en easy terms at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
GRAND, new, $450 Colby upright piano for
sale at a sacrifice; terms cash. Apply 2330
Folsom *t. ■
A FINE Hardman -upright, cane slightly dam-
aged; a great bargain. THE J. DEWING
COMPANY, second floor. Flood building.
A FINE Stelnway upright; cheap for cash.
Room 12. Flood building. 4th and Market sts.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
6CHMITZ, 16 McAlH»ter. next Hlbernla Bank.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market st.
A— lBB UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stein way upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 816 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauiy and other pianos. 808
Pout it.' _'
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Parrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8. 1899.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent or for lease, 953 Howard St.. larse
store and large concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAAKD. pupil of^ount~St.~Ger^
mam. 616 Gear}- st., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m. reading by mall. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANT partner or agent to Introduce high- !
class railway invention; patented Box 752,
Call office.
PERSONALS.
REWARD.
' The friends of LEE DO CHUNG, the Chi- !
nese fisherman who was drowned in the bay
off San Pedro Point on the tit day of Octo-
ber, will pay a reward of $20 to any person
who will recover his body. . SUN Hi ■') LEE,
San Pedro Point, Marin County.
Mi Idle-aged American marry middle-
aged countryglrl, widow, any nationality; fond
chickens; i cows, <.. G. Treat, Oakland P. O.
REFINED bachelor; mechanic; 43; good habits;
some means; would marry lady same qualifi-
cations. Box 21 9, Call office.
E. MARSHALL— Letter for you at general de-
livery. CH. G.
GIRL baby for adoption. MRS DR. FUNKE.
lilt: Eighth St.. Alameda.
HEALTHY German wetnurse wanted to
travel. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth, Alameda. ]
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA cleanses the scalp,
softens and gives line gloss to the hair; 35c
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser- Hairdress !
Ing, 2f>e; sham 250; itches, Si up; mani-
curing, 2Jc; bleaching roots of hair, 60c; long ;
hair, 75c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
BLOOD poisoning, colored spots, mucous
patches in mouth, ulcers and sores; perma-
nent cure. Box 15, UNIVERSAL VITALINE
CO., Hammond, [nd.
LADIES will do well to visit Mme. Fisher's !
Beauty Parlors and be convinced of her !
wonderful remedies for the complexion. la
Powell st. !
LADIES will do well to visit MME. FISH-
ER'S beauty parlors and be convinced of her
wonderful complexion remedies. 19 Powell.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction given at Ayres" Busi-
ness College. 723 Market st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and Id gold: Bend for him. 109 Sixth st.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis.
RAG carpets wove to • rder and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
A NEW method for the permanent removal of j
superfluous hair without electric needle and '
all kinds of disfigurement of the face, by the
well-known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school shoes. 85c;
lads' stylish lace or button shoes. $1 25; men's
shoes. i\, send for price list. People's Shoe I
Store. 1303 Stockton St., nr. Broadway.
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S, 723 Market st.
JOHN L. BOONS. Patent Trademark
Attorney nt Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
Ban .• ranclsco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St., under st Nicholas Hotel. ■
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought.
sold, •'xchanged. 525 ! lupont bI . nr. CaL
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 41 Thir.'. St., near Market; 700 rooms;
2lc to Jl SO per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS.L.J.\VHEELOCK~ha7"rerno\ cd La Verlte
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING and paper hanging: rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, 303 Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION New Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH, 307 -• ■:.■ -■
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace of Art, 16 Post st. Ladies with escorts '
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUF.TTE.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st.
MME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 23S Kearny St., first floor, rooms 2-3.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
LACHMAN .v CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. 838 Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair EDeclallsU, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
IF you wish full. value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third jit.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
BUTTS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24' O'Farrell. bet Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary St.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021% Market ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
BUSINESS property valued at $50,000; we have
a purchaser who will pay $30,000 cash, bal-
ance in good real estate. WILLIAM J. DIN-
GEE, room 16, second floor, Mills building,
San Francisco; 903 Broadway, Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED
I want a nice little business property— «tore
with flat above— Mission, Howard or Va-
lencia Ftp., east of 2"th; price not exceeding
J6OOO. Address box 241, Call office.
TO buy or rent chicken ranch in vicinity of
S. F. Address 6CHMAX.Z, 220 Kearny st.
WANTED— To join ownership of rented ranch;
with some cash. H.. 102H Sixth st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY FOR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1858.
Downtcwn Investment— First block on Ellis
st. ; will pay 7 per cent.
$18,000— Ellis st., near Hyde; large stable; lot
45:9x137:8.
Brick Battery-st. business corner,
near Market st. ; In center of wholesale dis- '
trict; apply for particulars.
$3000— Tenements; rents $23; Minna St.. near
Fourteenth; 25x80.
$12,000— Mission st., between First and Sec-
ond; a nice downtown business property.
$5600— Sutter st,, near Laguna; eight rooms
and bath: lot 20:8x95.
$5000— Baker St., near Sacramento; eight
rooms and bath, in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
Minna, near 14th; flats; rents $23; lot
25x80.
$5000 — Clementina St., near Fifth; two houses;
store and flats; rents $55 per month; 25x80.
$10,000 — residence and lot; Oak st. near
Octavla; 44x120 to rear street; has a great
prospective value.
$3700— Twenty-seventh st., near Dolores; 11
rooms, 2 baths; lot 25x114.
Belvedere st, near Waller; 2 new flats;
expensively built; rents $47 £0; lot 25x120.
$6500 — Rente $55 per month; Shotwell st.
corner; store and flats; lot 35x90.
Sheridan, near Tenth and Harrison;
flats, well rented; lot 25xi00.
$3000— Glover St.. near Jones and Broadway;
two flats; rents $24; lot 23x60.
Madison & BURKE,
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
SPECIAL SNAPS'. SURE SHOTS!
$5900— Washington, near Flllmore; fine place;
9 rooms; $4200 can stand; lot 25:6x102.
$2250— New cottage, stable, driveway; lot 25
xlOO; Clement St., near 6th aye.
$4200— Priest St., near Jones and Washington;
7-room house, brick bulkhead; nice view.
$7700— Make offer; Washington, near Taylor;
large residence and lot 37:6x137:6; fine garden;
part cash.
$1275— L0t 54x120. near Geary and Central aye.
H. B. POEHLMAN, Real Estate. 503 Califor-
nia at.
$23,000— BUSINESS property; 23 furnished
rooms: stores; good income. Owner, box 210
Call office.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. lends money to
people wishing to invest In oil.
BEAUTIFUL lot north of Park : Twen-
tleth aye.; 325 feet south of Point Lobos-
easy terms. W. J. HERRIX. 324 Pine st.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts. ; must be Bold; 80x114 feet
$2800— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 60x
137:6 feet. . - - .
Residence and — North line Paciflo aye
near Webster St.; lot 30x127 :5& feet.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE. |
-- ■ — ■ — "- I
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$3000— Valencia and Market sts.; a
substantial ?-story bay-window residence of 1
rooms and bath, etc^ i_
Mission warm belt; cozy home; 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; large finished base-
ment.
$R3OO— A fine new sunny house of 9 rooms and
bath; Carl street, near the park; 25x137:6.
$s.'oo— Beautiful Pacific Heights residence of
7 1 ims, etc.; furnace; finely decorated; In per-
fect repair. _^
$4600— Broadway; cozy home of 6 rooms and
1 bath; marine view district: lot 25x133; the lot;
j alone nearly worth the price asked.
i $3,-(Yi — Near Folsom and Third Bts.; double
house of 4 tenements; substantial Improve-
ments; rents ?25S per annum; always rented.
$2250—300 Second aye., near Clement St.; 25x52;
will be sold on installments.
$2000— Sell on installments same as rent; neat,
cozy cottage In the Mission containing 5 rooms
and bath; bay windows, brick foundation; will
be sold on your own terms.
$15.500— Mission business property; substantial
corner; in 2 stores and 3 flats; 35 feet front by
122:6; renting low at present for $1164 per an-
num.
$ti;C0 — A cozy home near Guerrero and 20th
! sts.. containing 8 rooms and 2 attic rooms and
I bath; lot 50x115; must be sold, owing to owner's
! departure from the city; part cash.
—
$7^OO A nice, modern residence; sunny side
Of Turk street: containing 8 rooms and bath:
, modern conveniences; one-half cash; lot 2.", x
'•■■-
I $6750 — Three nice flats, sunny side of Page St.,
I near the park; renting for $57 60 per month;
modern conveniences; lot 25x95.
$9250 — an offer; must be sold; near Fill-
i more and Halght sts.: store and flat prpoerty;
i mortgage of $GOOO can remain; lot 41x81.
! $12.500— A fine brick Investment near Kearny
Ist.; lot 30x85, with an "L" ; rents $100 per
I month.
German Bank Waller and Stelner sts. ;
easy terms.
$2300— Ashbury Heights; Ashbury st.; a large,
beautiful residence; Tot E0 by 180 and 160.
$12.000— Pacific Heights bargain; new mansion
of 12 rooms and bath: modern In every particu-
lar; commands a grand unobstructed marine
view; 37:8x137:6; must be sjen to be appreciated.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale In all parts of the city.
I G. H. UMBSEN ft CO., 14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT,
RESIDENCE AND UNIMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
! AT SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MONDAY. OCTOBER 9, 1899,
At 12 o'clock noon.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
935 and 835% Guerrero St., near Twenty-sec- '
ond; 2 flats of I and 4 rooms and bath each;
rents $34; street accepted: lot 24x105.
NORTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1411-13 and 15 Eush St., near Polk: S bay-
window houses of 7 and 10 rooms, bath each:
brick foundation; rear portion of lot facing ;
i Fern aye is vacant, and if Improved wtt.i
small tenements (which rent readily) would
pay handsomely; rents at present $97; mort-
trage of $6500 at 64 per cent can remain; lot
65x120.
CORNER IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
SE. cor. Dnimm and Commercial sts. ; 2
stores and dwelling; rents $35; old Improve-
ments; lot 30x75 Irregular; 1 block from Mar-
ket st. ond ferries.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
225 Scott St.. W. line 112:6 feet N. of Haight;
bay-window house of 9 rooms and bath; fin-
ished basement: brick foundation; cement
I walk; street accepted; lot 25x100.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. RESIDENCE.
1509 Golden Gate aye., S. line 110 feet W. '
of Pierce; bay-window house of 9 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; cement walk; street
accepted; lot 25x110.
FLATS FACING THE PARK.
533 and 635 Frederick st., S. line 155 feet E.
of WiJlard: 2 bay-window flats, 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; Stable in rear: brick founda-
tion; cement walk, etc.; rent $45; lot 25x137:8;
mortgage of $2500 at 6 1 i per cent can remain.
BY ORDER OF HIBERNIA BANK.
413 Twenty-seventh St., S. line 151 feet W.
of Church; cottage of 4 rooms and bath; rent
$10; lot 22x105.
SIX BUILDING LOTS.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
S. side Twenty-seventh St., bet. Sanchez and
Noe bts., as a whole or in subdivisions.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. Auctioneers.,
14 Montgomery st.
VAN NESS aye. lots only $90 per front foot;
several lots sold and fine houses being erected;
east line of Van Ness aye., from Lombard
to Chestnut: lots any size,- street accepted.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
A— slooo EACH; four lots on Stevenson St., bet.
Thirteenth and Fourteenth; 25x65 each; lots
level, on grade; ready for building: 2 lines
of cars. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Mont-
gomery st.
A — s3 Boo; rents $40; three modern bay-window
flats of 0, 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
McAllister st. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22
Montgomery st.
A— $10,000; RENTS $87 50 per month; two fine
modern residences; Buchanan st., nr. Cali-
fornia. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Mont-
gomery st.
$1000; cheapest lot in town; 30:6x112:6: east
side of Xyon st., nr. Post; street accepted.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st. j
A — $1000; another cheap lot; north line of Geary
St., near Baker; 24:6x50: street accepted:
cable cars. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22
Montgomery st.
. -___^____
A— ss26o; Presidio Heights residence. 10 rooms
and bath; all modern Improvements; street
bltumlnized; few steps from cars. O. D.
BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery St.
18000; cost $13,000; handsome nearly new
residence on Presidio Heights, with marine
view; 10 rooms; porcelain bath; hardwood
floors; choice decorations; fretwork and man-
tel, furnace, etc. O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery st. ;
McAFEE BROS
108 MONTGOMERY ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
On Clayton St.. near Page; bouse of 11 rooms;
lot 25x112 :C; owner anxious to sell; price $7000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Magnificent home of 15 rooms in Pacific
Heights; marine view; lot 45x107:8; completely |
furnished; price $23,000.
RENTS $SS— PRICE $5760.
Three fine flats in the Panhandle District; al-
ways rented; lot 25x137:6.
WEBSTER ST., NEAR CALD7ORNIA.
A good home of 7 rooms and bath; very sun-
ny; price only $5500. *l
LOTS IN PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Five beautiful lots in Pacific Heights, com-
manding marine view; will be sold at a errand
bargain; send for plat; also Presidio Heights
lots at low prices.
MISSION WARM BELT.
Best location; good two-story house of 8
rooms In Al condition; sunny Bide of street;
price $4260.
MISSION LOTS.
Guerrero, Dolores and Liberty street lots,
from $75 to $90 per front foot; send for plat.
MINNA STREET— S47SO.
Three fine flats on Minna, near Ninth; rented
for $47 monthly; a good buy.
ONLY »1750— MISSION COTTAGE.
Cottage and basement flat; sunny side of
street; very cheap.
MsMcAFT:E BROS.. MCAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
RUSSELL & SURRYHNE, ~
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors and In-
surance Brokers,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$37,500— Eddy st. ;. gilt-edge investment; new j
improvements: pays $300 per month.
$57.500— Geary St.: business property; pays 1
over $300 per month.
$15,000— Ellis St.; new Improvements; pays $130 !
per month.
$16, Corner on Washington St.; pays $130 !
per month.
$10 500— New modern residence on Flllmore st. ; I
10 rooms and bath: lot 30x112:6.
$3500 — Two-story bay-window house. 7 rooms
and bath: finished basement of 5 rooms; lot 25*
137:6: McAllister st.
$3760— Bluest bargain on the market; 2-story
bay-window residence of 6 rooms and bath;
Washington St., near Flllmore.
3oOO— Central aye., near McAllister; nice mod- '
crn cottage of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x106:8; j
want an offer.
Another snap; Broderlek St., nr. Hayes;
lot 2*ix96:10; street work all done.
$1400— Noe ft., near 14th; lot 25x100.
Sl2so— l3th Ft., near Noe: lot 24x100.
Fulton St.; lot 25x100; street accepted.'
Williamson St., nr. Geary; lot 7"x120.
$14(iO— COTTAGE, * rooms, basement; fine well I
water: windmill and tank. 138 Caselll aye.,
near Eighteenth st.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. lends money to
people wishing to Invest in oil.
CORNER house and lot; 25x80;. a150 stable; re-
duced to $1500. Owner 1439 Shotwell st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A PICK-UP— ONLY $30) CASH REQUIRED.
$2300— Worth 14000; 2 extra large lots on Ash-
bury St., near Frederick; size 50x180; bank
mortgage of $2000 can remain; electric cars pass
the property.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$7000— Howard st., near Seventeenth; extra
large lot, 62:6x85; good improvements; rented
for $05.
MUST BE SOLD.
$7753— Clay ft., near Pierce, facins,Alta Plaza;
2-story and basement house, containing S rooms
and bath; lot 25x100.
LEAVEXWORTH-ST. FLATS.
SGCOO— Maybe less; 2 bay-window flats, near
California St.; a fine central location.
DOUGLASS ST., BET. 20TH AND 21ST.
New house of 9 rooms and bath; lot 25x125;
; only $1700.
$3100— Rents $32; Twenty-third St., near San-
chez; lot 25x80, with 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms,
bath. etc.
FORCED SALE.
Diamond st., near Eighteenth; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 2.", 12". : $2S0O; warm belt.
— Twenty-first st., near Church; 6 rooms
and bath; street work done; great bargain.
FORECLOSURE SALE— FINE MODERN
FLATS.
$4500 — Golden Gate aye., near Baker St.; splen-
did bull. line; cost over $5000; everything up to
date; a great bargain: rents $45.
$5150 A bargain; Broderick st.. near Sutter;
It 50x90, with a 2-story residence of 10 rooms
and bath, etc.; also good stable; lot alone worth
the money.
I $2150— Fourth aye., near Lake Ft.: 1-story cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath and basement; lot 25x
12).
A PICK-UP.
$4000— Howard st., near Fifteenth; 2 flats. 6
i large rooms and bath; lot 30x125; rents $33;
i mortgage $3300 in bank.
AX OFFER WANTED.
$4750— Jackson St., near Mason; 3 flats; also
a 2-story house of 10 rooms; lot has 40 feet i
frontage; rents $."2.
$3250 -Seventh-Bt. corner; near Folsom;
lot 25x80; lease pays 8 per cent.
$:,7. r A Lyon st., near Jackson; very attractive
new 2-story residence, containing 7 rooms and
latest improvements: better see this, as It is
a very artistic home.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SELLING FAST.
SELLING FAST.
A splendid start has been mad*' in the selling >
and development of the block facing Golden j
Gate Park and recently subdivided. Already a i
i number of lots have been sold to parties, Home
; of whom Intend to erect at once homes that
will be a decided Improvement. Lots front on
: the park. Eighteenth aye. and Nineteenth-aye.
boulevard.
There is no reason why lots in this block
should not prove good Investments. The prices
are very low. They are grand building lots,
I right on the Park and Nineteenth-aye. boule-
vard, near Stow Lake and the new music
t stand; level; streets graded and macadamized;
I water pipes laid; cars pass the property; every
i convenience. Including gas and electric lights.
PRICES $500 UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
Interest only 6 per cent on unpaid balance.
See them at once. Go to-day. Take blue car
on Eddy st. or Halght-st. care and transfer;
1 get off at II st. and Ninth aye. We have a
branch office on the corner, open dally (Sun-
I days included). Price lists, etc., on applica-
t ion.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
BARGAINS
IN REAL ESTATE.
$17,00<V-Rent $150; extra large lot, over 60
j feet front, on Montgomery st.; improvements.
3-story brick building containing - stores and
lodging-house above; bank mortgage $13,000.
i $10,000— Rent $100; Natoma St., near Second:
■ extra large lot facing on 2 streets; Improve-
ments, frame building used as a factory-
AN ARTISTIC HOME.
$5750 Ly0n st., near Jackson; new 2-story
i and basement residence containing 7 rooms,
' bath, etc.; lot 25x91 feet.
$15,000— Best part of Valencia st. : rent $108
per month; large lot 65xS0 feet, with splendid
Improvements, consisting of stores and flats.
HANDSOME "UP-TO-DATE" FLATS.
*S7so— Rent $85; 3 new flats fronting the Park
Panhandle; lot 25x137:6; all rented; a tine In-
vestment.
$19.fi0-i — Pays 7 per cent net; a splendid In-
vestment; Golden Gate aye., corner of promi-
nent street; large lot 40x90 feet; improvements
consist of flats and 2 stores: rent $177 50.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
$2S,ooo Choice piece of business property
north of Market st. and within 4 blocks of
Powell and Eddy; improvements consist of
stores and lodging-house above of 25 rooms;
rent $186.
$300 CASH, BALANCE MONTHLY, SAME
AS RENT.
— Eureka st., near Nineteenth; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms; porcelain bath; up to date
in every respect; close to Castro and Guerrero
st. car lines.
CHOICE LOTS ON ASHBURY ST.
$2400 Mortgage $2000 can remain; Ashbury St.,
near Frederick; 50x175; fine level lots, on car
line; owner a non-resident and must realize.
Send for our printed "Price List Real Estate
for Sale," published monthly.
BALDWIN & HOWETL,
10 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
W. H. CRIM & CO., lIS Montgomery st.
Corner Washington and Walnut; fine view;
CS:9xl27
$5000 — Mission St., near 21st.; business loca-
tion; large lot, 60x122:6; mortgage $5000 at CU
per cent.
— Corner Capp and 18th sts. ; house, 10
rooms, 2 baths; lot 40x122:6; corner portion va-
cant, with room for store, etc.
{5750— Substantial dwelling, 10 rooms, bath;
lot 30x100; stone sidewalk; street accepted;
Howard, near 18th; warm belt. -
$42.'0— 3 flats; 4 and 6 rooms and bath: In flno
order; 27:6x100; good view; Collingwood, near
19th.
$4000— Cor. l«th and Howard: 25x100.
$2800 each — Lots, Howard, between ISth and
l!th; 25x100.
$2750— A bargain; 64 lots in South San Fran-
cisco.
$2250 — Modern cottage; Golden Gate aye., near
Park; 4 rooms, bath.
•' s2ooo— Corner 21st and Chattanooga; 27x75.
$1250— ISth, near Howard; 22:6x100.
W. H. CRIM & CO., lIS Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON. 321 Montgomery st.
$9300— NW. corner; finest view of bay and
Presidio In the city: NW. Larkin and Chest-
nut, California and Hyde st. cars In one block;
146:1ix139:(j; will subdivide; easy terms.
I $8000— Modern house, Gough st. ; 8 rooms and
! finished attic and basement, ' tiling, etc.; view
! cf bay.
$7500— Washington st., near Scott; modern; 2-
story; 9 rooms: charming home; a park near by.
— Scott St., near Union; fine bay view; 8
rooms and attic: new and artistic.
$3000— Cottage in warm belt of Mission; 5
rooms and bath; high basement; a bargain.
$3250— Flats; Hartford St., near Castro and
Nineteenth; 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents
$330 per annum.
$4250— Howard st., near Eighteenth; 8 rooms
and bath; can be altered to flats and pay good
Interest.
$11,500— Geary St.. west of Gough: large lot;
improved: good investment; always rented $78.
$2000— Corner lot; Montgomery aye. and Tay-
lor; very cheap; will double your money.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
25 CENTS per week will buy a lot 25x125, in
i the Alvin Tract, near Oakland; no Interest.
JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
$47f — 3-ROOM house, on Alvln Tract, near
Oakland: you can buy for your rent money.
JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
HAVE you got $300 for a home? That is all it
will cost you for a nve-room and bath cot-
tage on Douglass st. : the balance due you
can pay off with your rent money which you
previously raid to the landlord.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery St.
HAVE you got $150 for a home? That is all It
will cost you for a now four-room and bath
cottage on Cortland aye.; balance due pay
o.t with your rent money: streets graded.
JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
HEALTH resort. Sunset Beach, near Golden
■ Gate Park: lots for sale; 8 cottages rented for
$6 a month.
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st.
A POOR MAN'S CHANCE
SELDOM COMES.
But I have It for him now.
If you are looking for a home you can have
the best little cottage with 6 rooms, bath and
all modern Improvements, near the park, that
you ever set your eyes upon for
ONLY $1375 ONLY $1375.
If you can't trust your own judgment ask j
some friend who does know what is the value '
of this property.
H. MXTRPHY, 630 Market st.
$5000 and $6000— beautiful new homes in
Oakland; latest style; modern In all their
appointments; 9 rooms and bath; must be
seen to be appreciated; location particularly
desirable and convenient; $1000 cash. WIL-
LIAM J. DINGEE. rooms 15-16, second floor.
Mills building. San Francisco, or 903 Broad-
way, Oakland. ?.:"»-.v
APPRAISEMENTS and valuations of Oakland
real estate can .be had at. WILLIAM .1.
DINGEE' city office, room 16, second floor.
Mills building.
$175— $25 cash; lot cor. 30th and Douglass.
$250 each— 2 lots south of park. 13th aye.;
cost owner $600. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Mont-
gomery Bt.
$1000 cash for 10 choice level building lots
worth $3500; must have money to save other
property. Owner's box, 240, Call office.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St., lends money to
people wishing to Invest In oil.
$1350— NEW corner cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
high basement and latest plumbing: 1 block
from Twenty-second-st. electric cars; $15
monthly. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
2 COTTAGES, Nineteenth St.. $2200: 4-room cot-
tage. Eighteenth St., $2500; modern cottage.
$3500, good location. German- American, -34
Kearny st.  . ■ ■ . -
$3100— Rants $30; 2 Broadway bay-window 5 and
4 room flats. Inquire 1128 Yallejo st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
On O'Farrell St., near Taylor st. ; large lot,
57:9x137:0 feet; well Improved; two large dwell-
ings and two rear houses, all In flrst-class con-
dition; right in the line of improvement; to be
sold to the highest bidder at our next auction;
call and get particulars.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER INVEST-
MENT.
RENTS $225 PER MONTH.
$10,000 cash; balance hank mortgage $20,000; 6
modern houses; large corner. 87:6x137:6.
BUSINESS SNAP.
$2,000 cash; balance $4600 on mortgage, 5 per
cent: at a transfer point; large elegant
rooming house of 30 sunny rooms; cost
$8000 to build; large lot, 43:6x100; \vlll
pay $200 per month.
A NORTHWEST CORNER.
$7,ooo— Elegant modern corner residence; -
blocks north of Market st. ; half of lot
Improved; improvements cost $10,000;
mortgage of $4200 can remain; lot Box
120; must be sold.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FLATS.
$6,000—2 beautiful fiats of. 5 and 6 rooms and j
bath; every modern improvement; good
view of Park and ocean.
BARGAIN.
$5,600— St.. near Gough st. : lot 30x137:6.
with 10-room house; land alone worth
the price asked.
. HYDE-STREET HOME.
$s,ooo— Nice large sunny cottage of C rooms and
bath and basement; lot 25x137:6.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$4.250— be Bold immediately: elegant resi-
dence of 7 rooms and bath: modern;
half a block from Park Panhandle;
mortgage $2000 can remain.
MISSION FLATS.
$3 500—2 pretty flats of 4 rooms and bath; rents
$30; large lot, 30x122.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$3,600— Ist and Howard sts.: 2-story brick \
building; 11 rooms and bath; lot 25x75.
CHEAP NORTH BEACH FLATS.
$1,900—2 pretty flats of 4 rooms each; rents $1S:
street bituminized; near Powell and
Jackson sts.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$1,750— 0n First aye., a few feet from Point
Lobos aye.; make offer.
MAKE AN OFFER.
$SOO mortgage; ANY SUM OVER THAT
GETS IT; large lot on Point Lobos j
aye.; sire 29x100.
A VERY CHEAP LOT.
$650— Reduced from $1100 to half its value; !
Clipper st., near Noe St.; lot 26:5x114.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further particu- ,
lars BDply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market st.
O. F. YON Kill. lN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
35x137:6— Hayes St., near Fillmore; 3 flats;
rent $90; $13,500.
35:9x137:9— st . near Dupont; 2-story I
brick building; rents $66 50; $85C0.
20x68:9 to rear st.— Union St.. near Dup.-.nt;
3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $61 50; $SOOO.
50x75— Natoma, near Sth; 6 tenements; rents j
$80; $7500:
25xS0— Fourth st., near Harrison; store and
flat: J6SOO; sale urgent.
46x50— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
houses; rents {54; $6250.
112:6x37:6x87:6— C0r. Kearny and Greenwich; J
10 2-story houses; rents $80; $6000.
25x100— Pacific aye., near Polk; 2 flats and
rear house; rents $45; $5000.
22x6S:9— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight I
rooms and bath; $1500.
24:3x69:9— Green st., near Powell: new mod-
ern bay-window flats; rents $38; $4500.
22:6x120— T0 rear street; Union, near Jones; 2
flats; rents $24; $2500.
20x120 to rear street— Green and West
End: old Improvements; $2500.
25x100— Lyon, near Geary; cottage; $2250.
22:11x63:9—230 Francisco St., near Stockton; 2-
story house and large basement; $2000.
23x50— Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house;
rents $24; $1700.
UNIMPROVED. ' .
Florida st., north of ISth; adjoining
Union Brewery: offer wanted.
25x110— Scott St., near Washington: $3750.
:10— SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
37 :4 1 - xl37:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
25x100— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
260x125— NW. cor. Fountain and 25th.
25x137:6— Frederick. W of Cole.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$4000— O'Farrell st., near Buchanan; 9 rooms;
lot 25x90.
$5000 each— Two beautiful houses on Scott st. ;.
marine view, etc.
— Fine reridence on Fulton st., near Fill-
more; 10 rooms, etc.; lot 27:6x136; only $1000
cash, balance on easy terms.
$3750 — Rent $35; Brannan st., near Third; store j
and rooms above; lot 25x75. J
$15,500— Rent $150; corner; 6 flats of 7 and 8
rooms and bath each; Sacramento and Scott !
ets.: a first-rate investment.
$30,000— Rent $3000 per annum: fine, centrally
located property; stores and flats.
— Reduced again from $4500; an extraor- I
dinary bargain on Fulton Bt., near Franklin: I
only 3 Mocks from City Hall and near Market '
St.; a 2-story house, stable and garden; lot !
27:6x137. C; worth $5500, but must be sold.
$r.£OQ— Rent $47; a splendid investment, on
Geary st.; 3-story house; store and 2 flats, 5
rooms and bath each.
$25,000— Reduced from $34,000; rent $287; Lar-
kin st., south of Geary; etores and flats; a
dead bargain.
13860— Rent $15: Webster St.. near Washing-
ton; a fine double flat, 6 rooms and bath each. I
SAN FRANCISCO
SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
You missed it on some of them we sold last
week.
$sno— $10 per month: 5 rooms; bath; new and
first class in every respect; at Sunnyside.
$1000— $12 50 per month: same locality and size,
but has basement and larger lot; will take lot
part pay.
THE HOME BUILDING CO..
Room 2, 222 Sans.m-» St., S. F., after 12 m.
BERKELEY.
$2500 and $2600; terms to suit: 1423 and 1425
Spruce St.; 7 rooms, bath; new; plumbed up- ■
stair 6 and down; wired for electric lights: j
plumbed for gas; unobstructed view; best
location in Berkeley; graded street; close to i
prospective car line; we will exchange for
smaller property, improved or unimproved:
balance on easy terms, or will sell on very
easy payments; this property Is a snap ar^l i
will be worth $500 more than we ask for It
within 6 or 7 months; will take lot part pay.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
Office, 222 Sansome st., room 2, ground floor.
16500— A FINE Presidio Heights home; 9 rooms;
will be sold at a bargain; marine view; j
street bituminized.
$S"C0 — be sold; flats and rear house on !
Fulton St., near Gough; to close an estate.
$100 cash, balance easy terms; cozy home in
the Mission.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery Bt. I
HOME BUYERS.
Money to loan on easy monthly payments.
to help buy or build a home. OSCAR HEY-
MAN. 14 Post st.
$500— TWO Jots! Nos. 373-381 Gift Map No 2
W. .1. HERRIN, 324 Pine St.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
FOR PALE— 2 cottages, to be removed. rT
DOYLE. 2806 Howard st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $800— Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build
on; $25 down. $10 monthly.
Branch Office, Ninth aye., near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lots, $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots. $5 monthly. ]
$100 to $260— Mission st. and Ocean View lots.
$6 monthly. . .
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
BOL GETZ «- BROTHER.
» ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING. I
REAL — CULNTKY — For Sale
$400—24 ACRES; Sonoma Co.; small house and
barn; spring water; on county road.
$500—10 acres; Lake Co.; 5 acres bearing or-
chard; house, 8 rooms; well water.
$650—20 acres; Lake Co.; 2 acres bearing or-
chard: small house: 12 acres improved.
$850— C 3 acres; Lake Co.; 5 acres bearing
orchard: house 5 rooms.
C. F. MOORE. BS Market st., room 6.
$200—160 acres, homestead, 80 tillable; plenty
wood and water; cabin; furniture.
• H7so— Half cash; fine, complete homo, Napa
. City; 9 acres. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Montgom-
ery st. . -
IMPROVED, 20 acres, mostly peaches, full
bearing; 5 acres alfalfa; house, barn and
other buildings; crop this year brought $850.
T. A. BELL, room 612, Hearst building.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
BEAUTIFUL country home; self-sustaining;
160 acres, 10 in orchard; running streams; 7-
room house, 4 miles from Los Gatos; at a
sacrifice, owing to departure. Particulars of
MARK LANE, Notary, -" Montgomery st.
PIET Valley, 170 acres, making good home.
Address 3726 Twenty-third st.
$3500; WORTH $7000.
Lot 100x200. corner San Leandro road and
Rose st., in Fitchburs; new buildlne. con-
taining store, saloon, 7 rooms, all improve-
ments; In perfect order: fine garden; stable
anil warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant
roadside resort; must be sold; account sick-
ness of owner. Apply on premises to C.
CLUNDT; San Leandro electric car passes
door; also branch office Call. Oakland.
HL'MROLDT Co.— Dairy farms for sale; red-
wood, grazing lands. G. H. Burchard, Arcata.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— to $80 per
acre; choice !ands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27. Sth floor. Mills oldg.. S. F.
RARE BARGAIN— 2OO-acre farm. 5 miles from
Suisun; 66 acres bearing orchard; 45 acres
farming, and UK) acres pasture land; good
house, S rooms, stable, etc.; tine water from
living springs: price $11,000; good until Octo-
ber 12 only, Call on or address E. DINKEL-
SPIEL, Suisun. Cal., or room 804, Claus
Spreckels building, S. F.
A BARGAIN— S. homestead; 80 acres; So-
noma County; well improved; nice place for
home and poultry, stock ranch; good road to
place; creek through land; fenced; price $400.
Call at 631 California st., room 1.
FOR SALE— Chicken and duck ranch, near
city; lease of ground, with privilege of buy-
ing same. Address G. H., box 430, Call.
TO lease — Contra Costa County, on San Pablo
Creek, 8 miles from Berkeley, 1150 acres; well
watered, wooded: 250 acres good grain land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable milk or
stock ranch: railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND, Orinda Park.
MODERN 5-room cottage for sale. F. BTU-
DINGER. Frultvale station.
FORTY-ACRE home: all requisites. Address
X. L.. box 443. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRADY. 44. off Market— 3 or 4 sunny rooms;
housekeeping.
BUENA VISTA aye., 449, near Golden Gate
Park— l elegantly furnished room*; largo yard.
BUSH, 1203—3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; bath, gas, stove; with or without piano.
CHESTNUT, 293, corner Dupont— 2 or more fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping, with,
bath.
CLAY, 2421. in rear, near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
DORLAND St., 33, off Guerrero, near Eight-
eenth— 3 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
$10.
EIGHTH, 348, near Market— 2 sunny double
front parlors, with kitchen and bathroom;
furnished for housekeeping; private family.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished housekpg. rooms;
splendid location: private res.; no children.
ELEVENTH, 120—3 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; best conveniences; $15.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting; $13; also single, $5 to $7.
FOURTH, 225— Large furnished room suitable
for housekeeping; also single.
GEARY. 384— Suite of sunny furnished front
rooms and kitchen; $22.
GEARY, 556— Nice sunny suites for housekeep-
ing; double and single rooms; phone.
HOWARD. 106S— Nicely furnished roonu; cpm-
plete for housekeeping; running water; rent
reasonable.
HOWARD, 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
keeping; running water.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
JONES, 114— Two rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny back room, fur-
nished, $6: sunny small room, $4; 2 for house-
keeping, $8 50.
MARKET, IS24— Front sunny suite; newly fur-
nished; rent $15.
MISSION, 561— Sunny furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
NINTH, 113— Sunny housekeeping rooms; cheap;
running water and bath.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— large sunny
bay-window rooms; mantels; light housekpg.
POST, Four rooms; furnished: housekeep-
ing; references: apply between 12 and 2.
SIXTH, 314— Front bay window suit and kitch-
en: furnished for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny front rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping: very convenient.
TURK, 1717— A part of nice floor, parlor, bed-
room, kitchen, connecting; porcelain bath;
tiled sink; very cozy; suitable for man and
wife; $17. . __l
VAN NESS AYE., 318— Beautiful sunny unfur-
nished rooms; housekeeping; running water,
gap, bath.
VAN NESS aye., Complete for housekeep-
ing. 3 large corner rooms; sun all day; sta-
tionary tubs: fine yard.
VAN NESS. Finely furnished sunny'
FUites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO — I cm and I nfuru.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms SOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 62 Second St., double rooms for week. $1 50
to $3; single, $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 50c.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rma., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 2809— Bay-window; 5 sunny
roomF, bath and cellar; $15 per month.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
ave.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CORNER alcove room; overlooking Jefferson
Square; sun all day; reference. 836 Turk st.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EIGHTH, 227 — Neatly furnished sunn;- front
room for two.
ELLIS, 221 (Rosedale House)— Nice roon s, 250
a night, $1 a week up; reading room.
EXCELSIOR House, 39 Turk. cor. Taylor— New
mangt.; sunny front bay-wind, rms. ; trans' nt.
FELL. — Sunny bay-window room, $10; sin-
gle, $5: side room, $S.
GEARY. 14A— Handsomely furnished suite; also
single rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GRAND SOUTHERN— cor. Seventh
and Mission Sunny rooms, en suite or
•ingle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
WARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
HYDE, 232— Nice sunny furnished rooms to let;
reasonable.
LARKIN, 621— Sunny rooms, nicely furnished;
gas and bath; rent moderate.
LARKIN, 1310— Well-furnished front .and back
parlor suite, or single, very reasonable to
refined, responsible gentlemen; neat Amer-
ican family. •
McALLISTER, 515— Nicely furnished rooms to
let; rent reasonable.
Mi A I. LISTER, 702 Va — Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single: private fam.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week: transient.
MINNA, Large bay-window room; suit-
able for two.
MISSION, 1261 A —Nicely furnished room for
couple; private family; new building; mod-
ern conveniences.
MISSION, 1729%-Sunny furnished front room.-
in private family; piano, bath, laundry; $6;
single $3.
NATOMA, — Sunny rooms, with or without
housekeeping.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and single, $5 up; also hskpg.
NICELY furnished front room; suitable for
two. gentlemen. 215*4 Tehama St.; upstairs.
OAK, 385— Nicely furnished sunny room; private,
family; gas, bath: cheap.
OCTAVIA, 404, near Hayes — furnished rooms,
suitable for adults: bath included.
O'FARRKTX, "37 — Large room, suitable for 1
or i gentlemen; private family.
PAGE. 14V4 Newly furnished rooms for gentle-
men; a nice home in private family.
POLK. G10 — Handsomely furnished room; grate,
gas and use of bath.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
For additional classified adver-
tisements see page eighteen.
1718
ROOMS TO LET — Knrn. and Unfnrn.
BIXTH, 19— Nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
suits or Hlnsle; $r. nnd $f>. ■
SIXTEENTH 2^22 — Furnished sunny rms, with
or without housekeeping; every convenience-
TEHAMA, 264 V4— Two Btinny furnished rooms.
THE Epworth, 1037V4 Market, nenr Odd Fel-
loWs temple; housekeeping; large and small
kitchen; bath; pricep low; new management.
THE 1 0aks 113 Third— A good rooming houa«
or go™ people. It. HT;<;HES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 803-9-Hou_okeeplnK uis.^ll per week;
alFo pincle rooms for rntn^
TWO" furnished front it mms: private family;
use of p'nno: rent },'. per i|)th; ladles only.
Inquire grocery, Montgomery and Vallejo sta.
VA~N NKSS, Ml cor. Fell— 2 sunny bay-window
rooms; suitable for doctor.
VALENCIA ICC. n«nr Market— 2 or 3 sunny
Unfurnished front rooma; My-winflow; prl-
vnte; 2. in family; call Sunday or Monday."
Va"n NESS AYE., Bunny unfurnished
n.oms or furnished to p*M.
VAN NESS. ?r>4 — Elegant sunny alcove and
oth'r room; quiet, central and prlvatn.
~A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions lihs been established nt lON V»
lenria ■■
rooms WANTKI).
XOUNQ couple winit 3 unfurnished rooms with
modern convenlencea in Mission, not beyond
Sixteenth St. B»x SOI, Call.
UY 2 young men. strangers. In private family;
not over S!<> n month. Box 4Sf>. --M office.
BTABLB9 l<> LET.
BTABLKTIO-lst; run b»- u»e<l lj carpenter shop.
Nortl.west corner Ellin and Webster sts.
r . ' ' - '-■ '■ ■ r 2
SEWING MACHIKES AMI lUPPLIH9.
$2 MONTHLY, anted; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. US Bixth; phone Mint 4&.
ALL kinds bought sold, exohanged. rented; re
pairing at It went rates. 205 Fourth st.
——————.—■—»- ■ " ■ ' "— ~—^t*. ■ '  .T^T"** M * M
SPECIAL, NOTICHS.
liADIESI-r-Chlchester's Bngtlßh Pennyroyal
Pills ir< the best! safe, reliable; take no
other; reml 4c st-imp* for particulars. "Relief
for Ladles," in letter by return mall; at drug-
gift«. Chichester Chtmical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
BACRIKICEI) — 4 elegnnt new houses In course
of construction on SSd St., b«t. Grove and
Went; nil modern Improvements: street work,
sidewalks dorm: small payment down; balance
monthly IT desired; houses open tor inspection
30 tn 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON. Mf. 20th.
3PILES— J'ETER KKKIMNO'S pile salve, fl per
box; warranted to cure all cases of b!?e.llng,
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
pllcr without fall, no matter of how long
standing. l'"-S 1 <fvlsiide.ro St., near Slitter.
ROOMS papered from $1; whitened. (1 up;
pnlntltiK done. H«rtriian Paint Co., SIS 3d st.
NICE private home in confinement; most rea-
sonable price tn city. Mrs. M. PfelfTer. mid-
wife, 2f>!2 Folsom. nr. 16th: phone White 1344.
BAD tenntlts ejected for $t: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery »t.. rooms J-ld; tel. 5r.20.
CIIi:.\P!:ST ..-■! !"-■! In America— Phe Weekly
Cnll It! pn«es, sent to nny address In the
fni'Vft pt-ir...-. pontnuld. for $1 per year
STORAGE! AND WARBHOtSBS.
CALA. Storar- Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods piinninteed; tel. Clay 26.
riERCK-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 101 Post, for. : — ■■ •■■' Main 5713.
PROPOSALS.
i'FFICTO of Commlssnry Quartermaster, Van-
e. uver Barracks, Washington, Oct. 7. IS»».—
Healed proposals in duplicate will be received
nnd flli-ij .it the cV-pdt • -luster's of-
flce, Phelan building, San Francisco, Cal.,
by 11 o'clock a. m., October 12. Wi, for fur-
ninhlns 800,000 pounds of ro'^l merchnntnble
oat?: contnict subject to Increase or deorvn.«e
of 2b per cent; delivery to be made within
twenty days after award at Portland,
Oregon. United States reserves richt to ro-
Ject or nccept any cr all proposals or any
part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked "Proposala for foraße." ond
addressed t.. undersigned. .'. W. JACOBS.
< 'lilef Qunrteriunfter.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA.MEUA REAL ESTATE
J^ft-WATRIt-FIIONT l^t. with plain house.
$1250-r-Southwest corner Santa Clara aye.. near
Grand xt. : 50x125.
$2500— Large seven-room house; lot DOxl&O; San
Jos.? aye.: irriHit bargain.
$37.jO— New house, eifitit p'Htw; Pan Jose aye.,
ne»r •■h"Htmit Ft.; lot 40x150.
$4f'<iO New house, eleht rooms; Son Jose aye.;
lot si)xi:.O; near Chestnut t?t.
$70H0— Finest northweM corner on Morton st.;
lot 100-liO. with beautiful residence.
E. I>. JI'DD & CO..
lOi Park strati £
GRAND renl estate auction sale of several
choice houees nnd lots: also I chicken ranch;
Atamrdu, «.>akland and Klmhurst: sale Sat-
urday, O.'t. 21. at 2 p. m. Do not full to
attend this F.nle, as mo?t of the places are
to be sold by »r>ler of the court. Particular!
In next week's papers. Rend for illustrated i
cnt.«!"KUe. Sale at J. A. MTJNRO & CO., Auc-
tton House. T.IT nnd 151S Park st. Alameda.
VOX rale- Ranch: 17<1 ncr'-K; one of best farmi ■
In Alampd.i Co.; bargain. Address owner, J.
CRO^S, 2CS3 Mission st.
$IJC&-HOfSE, 6 rooms; lot f.OxIOO.
ti;t»-Hou?e. « rooms; lot
flDOO— House, f> rooms; lot 50x150.
$_Wo— House. r> rooms: l»t SOxIOO.
$3CCO-- House. 9 rooms: lot 50x145.
SlC>i-l louse, 4 moms; lot 4>>xlW>.
$21«>— llmiM, 5 rooms: lot N)xl3o.
IISW-- House. 6 rooms; lot 37x137.
»43Ot>— House. 10 rooms; lot 75x1SH.
ALL BARGAINS; EASY TERMS.
R. S. FALCONKR, IRK Par* st.
tlOn-PLAIN cottage of 4 nwrns: lot St»x7o: $2000.
New oottßße of 6 rooms (to order); lot 54x105;
f'.rst-clo.«s bnrßaln. J. H. TOUNO, bulMar.
124.1 Park st.
SNAP- New H«us«\ 8 rooms nnd bath; lot DOX
160; goc-d location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. BCHULTK. ISI2 Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; largo
grounds; rrlvnte. MRS. PR FTTNKE. 14l« Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
uriiKi i.i.v REAL ESTATE.
AN" map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
Uromu'.s can be !iud by sendinß a 2c stump to 1
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley.
LIVE under your own ... and flic tree; a
lovely home of 7 ma; all modern Improve-
ments; near to enr* an.i university: lot &ixlSs.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining P.
0.. Berkeley.
FOR tale— ln the bet--t part of Berkeley, house
cf 9 rocma; new: all modern Improvements;
lnrpe lot. JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate,
r.i'o>>lj.lnir Po*tofflce, Berkeley.
TO let— Furnished house of IS rooms; 8 acres
of land: cirri nj;e houre. etc. Apply JOSEPH
'J. MASON. . H,al Estate, adjoining Post-
office, IWkrley.
ELEGANT new modem cottage.; ' rooms and
bnth; all modem conveniences: 40 minutes
from city; 3 blocks from nation; sunny cor-
ner, sou'.h nnd west front; JlSOO: easy terms.
W. C. MORA.V. I,»t-in station, Berkeley.
$*r(W— New modern house; 7 rooms and bath on
lot F0xI30; near state University; $.'.OO down;
balance same 5s ivnt. GEORGE SCHMIDT,
Pchmidt block, Berkeley.
Special nERKELETi b aro ains.
360— Cheapest lot tn Berkeley; 40xir!:«; near
A*hhy station: street work done.
$ISOO— Ynu cunt equal this bargain anywhere:
8-room m.-h'.ern evUafre; bath: J bny windows;
h!*h basement; barn, etc.; lot 40x120: near to
flatten, csrs. schools and cl irehes; JIM cash;
balance like rent: rare chance.
$14M — Mndrrn c»>ttn!re; P larif" sunny rooms;
bnth. closets, etc.; corner lot; 50x112:' between
two car lines nu.l near station; very easy terms
$Soo— Cheapest lot In «v: I tra! Berkeley: *«st
of Urove nnd north of Dwlgnt way; sA x is.»-
-■treet work done; easy terms; will build to suit '
H. t>. ; IRWIN. Lorln Station. '
FOR PALE — Almost new 7-room house- bath
pantry, foldins: doors, hay window, chicken
yard, stable: all fenced: Inr^e lot; close to
station, street cars, schools ajid churches:
price $ir:>o: only Jiw cash, I stance f. per
menth; take Berkeley train, pet off at Lr.rin
station mid ask for RrnoLPH & PERKINS.
Office open Sunday* and evenlnps.
FINE level lot handy to trains, schools, etc..
for sale ehenp m easy terms by O. t». M\T
i- CO.. Berkeley, cole agents for Bhattuck
Tract.
C. C. BEMIS. Ke.il F.state and General Land
Agent. S2t Montgomery st.
' In Rerkeley— raw lot £7x130, with modern
houFe of 9 rocma.
CHEAPEST and best In America -The Weekly
Call, 1C p«ikcs, sent to any address In the
Vnited States cr Canada one year for $1.
roytnc paid
BERKELEY HOUSI-S TO LF.T.
t"OR rent, in desirable location, house of nine
rooms, 1 ith, laundry and storeroom, with
stnMe, chicken-bouse and large yard: con-
' venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE, Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRI7ITVALE 11KAI. -_TATE.
FRUITVALE.
THE) HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
EASY TERMS. .EASY TERMB. .EASY TI3RMS
AT CASH PRICES. AT CASH PRICES.
SNAPS. , SNAPS. SNAPS.
The Ist of families who have stopped paying
rent nnd ore buying through us on installments
has Increased to 2S In the last :.:, days. Most of
them In 1 rultval< . some of them In Oakland; a
few in Han Francisco and Berkeley. We sold
>ut everything except throe places up to last
Wednesday. On that day we added to our list
the ones below You certainly con find some-
thing in this list to please you. Don't put it
iff till to-morrow, but come out to-day, \ou
•rill have to talk quickly, as these are going
\»ry 1..*! Remember every one of these are
bargains and that we are on th- eve of higher
l> rices. On the 15th of this month wo shall ad-
vance on every dollar of real estate, we have
$■12.1- Corner lot on Peralta ay». lot 60x125; in
i. growing neighborhood.
j;00— lOuxl'u; choicest lot In Frultvale; sew-
er»: city water; close to cars. '
JSOO— Lots on Fruitvale aye.; covered with
larue cherry trees; best lots on the avenue.
$«Lo-Thref ; -room house; nice yard and gar-
len four blocks from local station.
j),.(y,_Klve-r<>om house. half-block from Frult-
vale aye.; lot 56x200; nice family orchard;
plenty of berries and flower*.
job— Three, acres of good land, good ,-room
louse, lurgi? barn; windmill and tank; located
jn the Hiivwards electric road; this Is a good
InveHtni'nt. ,
14500— Four acres of good vegetable land.
finely Improved; Him 6-room modern cottage;
rood barn windmill and tank; fenced and
"tosh- fenced: 1 aore of choice fruit; half-mile
from station. This Is one of the best homes
in Attuned* County.
}10- _sl4 per month: lot 60x150; 4,-room cot-
tage; good well; graded street; splendid lo-
cality. '•■■•■. ;'■'•■'.■;
f12f.0-Six rooms; large lot; well and pump;
tath, etc.; new; terms to suit.
$I.loo— Nine rooms; lot 45x126; bath, pantry,
jloFets, halls, high basement; excellent local-
•-. fruit trees; corner lot; extra large barn;
well, windmill and pump; 2 blocks from car
•
We have just secured 20 choice lots close to
he station, and atari 5 new cottages this week,
[f you will talk quickly you may have them
*rram;ed to .lit you. Anything we have for
;alo on reasonable terms.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Half a block from J'Yultvaie station, on
Fruitvale uve. City offloo. '■■"' Bansome St.,
-oom 2. ground floor. After 12 any day after
Monday.
1700 WILL buy a cozy cottage of 4 large rooms;
fine well and force pump; 2 chicken houses;
lot uOxlM); 2 blocks from electric oars; see. this
for a bargain. '" . , _
;ior,o~rottnge of 4 rooms and basement; 2
shlcken houses; lot BCxISJ; S blocks from local
;rain: easy terms If desired.
$i:0O- Modern cottage of ft rooms and bath.
ittlc fruit trees lot 37xC70; located in the best ,
i.irt of Kruitvaie; only 2 blocks from FruitvaJa :
«ISOO <->ne acre In choice fruit, with house of
I rooms and bath. barn, artesian well, windmill
md tank, fine Rowers and shrubbery; 4 blocks
•i-..ni electric cars.
Fur mile, at a great sacrifice— cottAge ot
1 rooms nnd bath, mantel, high basement, large
Ot: only i blocks from Fruitvale station; owner
8 going away and la obliged to pell; s«>e this
it onco. For further particulars apply to
11. A. PLEITNER, Ftultvale station. Cat
3AJ E or exchange 2-story house. Just
built; ■! rooms, two more added If desired;
will ix» flnlnhed to suit buyer or sold as It is
at a great sacrifice; former owner could not I
complete house; on Frultvale aye.; i.'iight-
ful neighborhood; street work well done; I
olectrlc. cars pass the door; city water and
sower; school close by: price $20<V>; will make
terms to suit: call (66 Seventh St., neai cor-
ner Broadway. Oakland. H. '/.. JONES,
owner.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL KSTATE.
a TiSW CHANCES TO DOUBLE tour
MONET.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE FOR SAT.B BT
WILLIAM J. I'IMiKF..
• SOS Broadway. Oakland.
Room 18, second floor, Mills bldg.. 8. F.
$40 per foot and up: fine San Pablo avo.
Jots in the best location for Investments; !
lots any size; on terms to suit.
_
$1v250 — Elegant new 2-story house, surrounded
by beautiful homes; street work all
done; 3 bedrooms, large reception hall,
rarlor, dining room and kitchen; large I
bathroom, pantry, closets and laundry;
all the latest modern Improvements; !
open plumbing, porcelain bath, porce- '
lain sink; finished in natural redwood. I
$1,650— Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath; high ,
basement; lot 50x1(10, with stable; street
work all done; good location.
$I.loo— Lot liOxlOO; northwest corner Twenty-
sixth avenue and East Twentieth st.
$6,750— One of the finest homes on Webster
St., rear Durant; S rooms, bath and
basement and all modern Improvements;
cost owner over $9000
J7OO0 — Beautiful large home; house of 9 rooms,
bath, basement, all modern Improve- '
tnents; large nortlii-a.it corner; lot 7."ix ;
125; l^st of locations; place In first- j
class condition.
$(,000 — North side Eleventh St.. bet. Madison
and Oak; lot 50xlC0; house of 9 rooms
and bath; all modern Improvements j
$14,000— Beautiful home on East Fourteenth Ft. ;
2i*)xV-0; modern 9-room house; One
stable; very choice, grounds; convenient
to local trains.
(3.000 — Excellent chance for a builder; 200 feet
on Thirty-third st., cli so to and east
of San Pablo aye.; terms can be ar- j
ranged to suit; partial conveyances;
atreet sewered and macadamized aud j
cement walks laid.
«75 EACH $375
AND UPWARD.
Fifty choice residence lots on Market.
Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth at». ; lOx
116: cannot be duplicated In Oakland |
for the money; terms to suit purchaser*.
WILLIAM J. DLNGEE,
903 Broadway, Oakland.
Room 16. second floor, Mills bldg., S. F.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
FOR BALE BY
HUGH M. CAMERON,
REAL ESTATE BROKER,
1058 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$300 — Lots 55x125 feet; street work all done;
2 blocks from Clinton station in East Oakland.
$2300— 8-story modern house of 7 rooms, with
lot 574x125 feet, in the best residence location;
elevated ground, central and street work done.
$4000 — New Queen Anne cottage of I large
rooma and every modern convenience on a lot ,
3ix123 feet; Just a step to the cars and handy
to Fourteenth and Broadway and to the local
trains.
$1000— Eastlake cottage of 5 rooms, bath, hall
and high basement; near Grove st.; rents for
$10 per month.
$200— Building lot 15x100 feet; sunny aide of
Twenty-eighth St., near Magnolia; street work j
done.
E. E. BtTNCE.
»0S Broadway, Oakland.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
$1600 — S-room house near St. Mary'e College;
lot EIJB feet.
Seven-room house; new; up to date; lot 4Sx
140 feet: must sell to says foreclosure; e&sy
terms; want offer above mortgage.
$1500 — New house of 6 rooms; lot SOxIOO feet;
$liy> down, balance -nine as rent.
$1(WO— To save foreclosure; corner lot 100x130
feet; ■ nap,
$2000-r-Lot lOOxia feet, with nice cottage.
Before you buy or loan your money on Cali-
fornia real estate get my opinion of Its value
for jour own protection.
$GSO— WELL located building lot; all street work
done; size 40x127: this lot Is worth double
price ark. d and Is a snap. ALDEN CO., HIS
Broadway.
$IS76— A SNAP Is offered In 2 cottages and lot
on Center St.. near cars; will sell both for
11576. ALDEN CO., 111S Broadway.
$2V»— 4-ACRE chicken ranch, complete and a
bargain. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
$170.V- A \riNF. snap; located In Al nelgh-
borhood. close to schools and electric cars; 7-
room house; lot 4(yxlJs; here's a chance to
buy a home that cost $2500: investigate It, 3
P. MYER.S. 1002 Broad* Oakland.
$3100— "$5OO LESS than cost to build," for a
brand-new house, 6 rooms, bath, fine bate,
ment; 6 minutes to local trains; excellent lo-
cation: all conveniences that skill could ar-
tistically arrange for comfort; to fee U Is to
3 buy.g J.-j B.^l M YERB, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$50 CASH. $3 50 monthly till paid, for chicken
run; 160x256; sandy loam soil; plenty of good
water: level land; site and climate "the beat'
no fogs nor cold winds: 3 buildings now com-
pleted; ever 1M lots sold in ten ,'.ays West-
all Tract, adjoining East Oakland, near elec-
tric car line and foot boulevard- not far
from a fine school; price all told $s*o. Call or
am for circular 455 Seventh at near cor
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free H z
JONES, owner. ' ' '
HALF acre; house of 4 rooms and kitchen-
outbuildings; fruit tree*; fine well etc • fine
location; fust above Lorin station. Oakland-
for less than it cost 10 years ago- cheapest
home in a.". Oakland. Address Owner box
701. Call office.
FOR sale— cheap, less than cost of in7-
provements, beautiful 9 room house: south-
west corner Nineteenth and Orove sts. Oak-
land. Address Owner, 263 Octavla at.,' S. F.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BUSINESS chances— Well-paying butcher shop;
sales $30 a day; wagon, horse, all tools; $700;
also coal business, with horses and wagon;
thoroughly equipped; fine location. C K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
6 ACRES Walnut Creek; in town; all tools,
horse and wagon; all cultivated; $1650. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OIL land right In McKlttrick oil belt. $17 50
per acre: 3 sections or will sell 20-acre pieces.
C. K. KINO, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
HAYWARDB, 5 acres, $5.10; house and barn;
some fruit; 1H miles from town. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ONE acre and 2-story house, San Bruno road,
near San Francisco; was rented $25 month;
for sale $ICOO lowest. C. K. KINO. 902 Broad -
way, Oakland.
$1450— 5450 CASH; balance $14 per month; s-
room house; .'. minutes' walk to local. WM.
P. TOUl), l!>70 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO I.EX. -
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn: 589
24th. Inquire R. Franke. 1622 Grove: rent low.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
LARGE room nnd kitchen; furnished; large
garden nnd chicken yard; $6. J. DALSON,
Fiiiltvale.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
SAN RAFAEL ADYERITSEM'TS
BAN KAFAi;. ItKAL KSTVAJTK;
$1000—412 BO per month; 6 rooms, large lot;
plenty of flowers.
$1360— 518 per month; 7 rooms; dose, to Ho-
tel Rafael: excellent locality and large
grounds; will take lot part pay on either.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
San Francisco, 222 Sansome street, room
2, ground floor. Also Frultvale station.
DIVIDEND NOTICES^
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. I (25c per
share) of the KILAUHA SUGAR PLANT A-
TION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on
and after MONDAY, October 16 1599. Trans-
fer books will close on TUESDAY, October
10, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
i; H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 8 (Jsc per
share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY, will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after TUESDAY, October 10, 1S»9l Transfer
books will close on SATURDAY, October 7.
1599, at 11 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 229, Crocker hiitHlng. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., October 6. 1809— Coupon due Oc-
tober 13, ISM. from first Mortgage six (C)
per cent bonds of Sierra Railway Company of !
California will be paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, th«« Crocker- Woolworth Na-
tional Bank, on and after that date.
8. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
MAURIAGE LICENSES. '
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Ira Chapman and Sadie McGlll 28 20
Frttleruk Muck and Josephine l et*r ;-'-'5
E. Erlckson and Macarla T. Jalendo 32-35
Giuseppe G'nrnarlnl and Annie Parentl....l?-lS
Anmne Bchlvo and Annie Covaxo 31- T3
"BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
BOTER— In this city. October S. 1899, to the
wife of William E. Boyer, a daughter.
BRIGAERTS— In this city. September 28, IS9»,
to the wife of Pierre G. BrlKaerts, a son.
CONNOLLY— In this city, October 5, 1899, to
the wife of Thomas Connolly, a son.
CONRAD— In Oakland. October 6, 1599, to tha
wife of W. Conrad, a son.
GElB— in this city. October 5, 1899, to the wlfa
of John F. Oeib, twin dauchters.
HAUVEY— In this city. October 12. 1899, to the
wife of rval P. Harvey, a daughter.
SCHMALINO— in this city, October 2. 1599, to
the wife of Charles A. Bchmaltng, a son.
HILL In this city. October 3, 1599, to the wife
of Charles L. Hill, a daughter.
JOHNSTONB In this city. September 28. 1889,
to the wife of A. W. Johnstone. a daughter.
KAISER— In this city. October 1. 189», to the
wtfc of L. M. Kaiser, a son.
KNUDSEN in this city, October 2, 1599. to the
■Rife of C. A. Knudaen, a daughter.
MAHER— In this city, September 24. 1899, to
the wife of John J. Matter, a son.
MERTES— In Berkeley, October 2. 1599. to the
wife of Geonre W. Mert< a, a son.
NORRIS— Centervillo, Alameda County. Sep-
tember SO. 1S»». to the wife of Monroe Norria,
a daughter.
WETMORE In this city. September 30. ISD9, to
the wife of H. I . Wetmore. a son.
WILSON In this city, October 3. i 9O. to tha
wife if W. F. Wilson Jr.. a daughter.
WVTHRICH in this city, October 5, 1899, to
the wife of John C Wuthrlch, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BITRNTTARP— NELSON— In this city, October
S, i.., by *1-.o Ufv. J. Fuendellng, Christian
l.errhsrd and Clara Nelson.
CURTIS MEIKLE- In this city. September 20,
1599, by th- Rev. H. H. Bell, Howard C. Cur-
tis and Elisabeth P. Meikle.
HETTICH FINN In this city, August 30. 1595.
by the Rev. Hugh Lagan, John P. Hettlch
and Klla (i. Finn.
MENKEN— KLINGLER— this city. Octol*r
7. IS9», by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, l_e man
>:••!. ki-Ti of Santa Barbara. Cal., and FileJa
K'.ingler of Washington, D. C.
MUCK— PETER— In this city. October 7, 1899,
by Thomas F. Dunn, Justice of the Peace,
Frederick Muck and Josephine Peter," both of
San Francisco.
SCHLUETER-O.UNDLFINOER— In this city,
October 7. 1899, by the Rev. Paul Branke,
John Bchlueter and Mrs. Louisa Gundlflnger,
both of Ban Francisco.
YKAZELL— BELZ In this city, October 6. 1599.
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Edward T.
Yeasell and Martha T. Belx.
DIED.
Bartlett. Thomas Nielsen. Mollle
Besasza, Frank J. Ntles, Ferdinand
Campana, Rosa Patton. Mary a.
c, wit. Martha J. Phelpa, Mary A.
Ford, Mary Poor, Frederic A,
Hansen, Christine Rlewerts. Matje J.
Hurley, Dan Rosenberg, Ike
: Hurley. l...r*>tta Bteljes, Herman
Jovovlch. I^ozar Sweet, Solomon
Kennedy. Daniel Taylor, Mary EX
McLean. Capt. Daniel Wilbur. Jennie
Mi rlarty, John Wllkins, Hepburn
Murray, James Wilson, Maggie
BARTLETT— In this city, October «. 1599,
Thomas, beloved husband of Ellen Bartlett,
and father of hard, William, Maurice,
Edward and Charles Bartlett, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 6« years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday.) at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking- Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BKBAZZA— In this city, October 7, 1899, Frank
Joseph, beloved husband of Mary Besazza,
and father of Madeline, Katie. Frankie. Ma-
mie and Ida Besazza, a native of Austria,
aged 49 years 5 months and 10 days.
CAM PAN* A— In this city, October 7, 1899, Rosa
: Campana (nee Besozzl), beloved wife of Eu-
gene CamDana, mother of Aneelia, Maria,
Colombo and Camelia Camoano, si&tsr of
Maria Ohlelmet, Luigia Brusoheria and Mary,
Angelo, Cesarl. Luigi. Giovanni. Carlo and
Enrico Besozzl, and sister-in-law of Angela
and Anita Besozzi, a native of Italy, aged it
years.
C 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), nt 9 SO o'clock, from the parlors
cf J. S. G-'deau. 906 Montgomery avenue.
thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian
Church, where a requiem high mass wHI be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, cam-
ir.enclng at 9:45 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COW In this city. October t, 1899, Martha
; Josephine, beloved daughter of Mary and the
late John Cowlg, and sister of Mary. Annie,
Katie, Margaret and the late John Cowlg, a
native of San Francisco. (Boston papers
please corn-. )
'"Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Monday), at S:SO o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 614 Jessie street, off
I Seventh, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
i a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FORD— In this city. October 6. 1599. Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Anthony Ford, beloved
mother of Michael, James, Edward, Thomas,
Henry and the late Willie Ford. a native of
County Sllgo. Ireland, aged 60 years. (Bos-
: ton and Chelsea, Mass., papers please copy.)
E7Friendfl and acquaintances are respect-
-1 fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(YondayV at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
HhNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagnn ft Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
10 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South So.
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chaa H. Jacob.
CHAS. H. JACOB & CO..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. 81J
Mason street, bet. Geary and O'Farrell
streets. Telephone Main £118.
dence, 767 O'Farrell street, then«» to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANSEN— In East Oakland, October 6, 1399,
Christine Dorothea Hansen (nee Dunker). be-
loved wife of Theodor Hanson, and dearly be-
loved mother of Theodor, Christian. Samuel
and Amandus Dunker Hansen. a native of
Fuchsberg by Husum. Schleswig-Holsteln,
Germany, aged 73 years 2 months and 14 days.
E_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 10, at 11:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Thirteenth avenue and Twenty-fourth
street, East Oakland, thence to St. Markua
Church. San Francisco. O'Farrell street, be-
tween Franklin and Gough, where funeral
services will be held at 2 o'clock. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
HURLEY— In Oakland, October 6. 1899, Dan
Hurley, a native of New York, aged 67 years.
HURLEY— In this city, at the Potrero, Octo-
ber 7, 1899, Loretta, beloved and youngest
daughter of Charles F. and Nellie F. Hurley,
a native of San Francisco, aged 8 months.
JOVOVICH— this city, October 5, 1899, Lazar
Jovovlch, beloved uncle of Si>a*oje and An-
drlja Jovovlch, a native of Kameno, Aus-
tria, ageil 63 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the Servian-Monte-
negrin Hall. 10 California street, thence to
Russian Church, Powell street, near Union,
whore services will be held at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In the City and County Hospital,
October 7, I'M, Daniel Kennedy, a native of
Ireland, aged 60 years.
McLEAN— In Ix>s Gate*, October 5. 1899, Cap-
tain Daniel McLean, beloved brother of Cap-
tain Alexander McLean, a natlvs of Cape
Breton, Nova Scotia, aged 49 years. ova
Scotia papers please copy.)
MORIARTY— In this city, October 7. 189!). John,
beloved son or Maurice and Maggie Moriarty,
a native of San Francisco, aged 5 months.
MURRAY— the City and County Hospital,
October 7. 1539, James Murray, a native of
New York, aged 63 years.
NIELSEN— In Sunol. October 7, 1899. Mollle
Nielsen, dearly beloved wife of Captain A.
Nielsen, mother of Laura, Albertlne. Gene-
vere and Albert Nielsen, and sister of J. A.
Hosta, Mrs. D. F. Mulvllle and Mrs. C. T.
Conlan. a native of San Francisco, aged 37
years.
NILES— In this city, October 6, 1899. Ferdi-
nand, beloved husband of Katie. Nllea, and
father of Mrs. George Caffney, a native of
Luttrlnger, Germany, aged 51 years. A mem-
ber of Germanla Lodge No. 7, O. d. H. S.,
and Goethe Lodge No. 1445, K. and L. of H.,
of St. Louis. Mo.
ICT Friends and acquaintances ape respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 115 Eleventh street, between Mission
and Howard, thence to St. Joseph's Church
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
PATTON— In this city, October «, 1899. Mary
A., dearly beloved wife of Thomas Pattern,
mother of Mollle, Thomas, William, George
and Irene Patton, and sister of Officer P. E.
Fleming. Mrs. J. Ready and Theresa Haffey,
a native of County Klldare, Ireland, aged 64
years and 11 days.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 43S Tenth street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
PHELPS— this city. October 7, 1599, Mary
A., beloved wife of William T. Phelps, a na-
tive of New Hampshire, aged 61 years 6
months and 23 days.
POOR— In Oakland. October 7, 1599, Frederic
Allen Poor, a native of Portland, Me., aged
C 3 yeara 1 month and 11 days.
RIEWERTS— In Oklsum. Island Fohr, Ger-
many, September 19, 1R39, Matje J., beloved
wife of Ocke H. Rlewerts, and beloved mother
of Julius G. and Meinera H. Rlewerts of San
Francisco, aged 71 years 8 months and 27
days.
ROSENBERG— Honolulu. September 22, 1599.
Ike Rosenberg. beloved son of Samuel
anil Sarah Rosenberg, and brother of Mrs.
Sledkln. Mrs. Schamuer and Morris. Pauline
and Reuben Rosenberg, a native of London,
flged 26 years 7 months and 10 days.
STELJES— In this city. October 6. 1599, Her-
man Steljes, a native of Germany, aged 50
years 4 months and 10 days.
SWEET— Solomon Sweet, beloved husband of
Annie E. Sweet, and father of Albert, Es-
telle, Bertha, Mabel and Adolph Sweet, Mrs.
Paul Bettelheim and Mrs. V. R. Ulman, aged
72 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
TAYLOR— In East Oakland. October 5. 1599
Mary Elizabeth, beloved wife of James w!
Taylor, and mother of George C. Taylor and
Mrs. Ida F. Chaffeo, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 45 years 5 months and 19 days
(t^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Twenty-fourth Avenue M. E. Church. Bast
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
WlLBUR— Passed away. In this city, October
3. 1889. Jennie, beloved wife of E. i>. Wilbur.
WII.KINS- In San Rafael, October 6 1893'
Hepburn wiikins, brother of James H. 'wilk-
Ins. a native of Baltimore, Md.
CX Funeral private. Please do not send
flowers.
WILSON— In this elty, October 6, 1899. Maggie
beloved wife of Joseph Wilson, mother of
Eddie Wilson, daughter of Andrew and the
late Maggie Carl, and sister of William Carl
and Mrs. J. C. Kenny a native of San Fran-
cisco.
C " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to nttend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at ! o'clock, from the parlors of
11. F. Suhr * Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment 1. O. O. F.
Cemetery,
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Page 1&.
arrived.
Saturday, October 7.
Ptmr Townsend. Wicks, 10 days from Dutch
Harbor.
Schr Monterey, Knudsen. 70 hours from Coos
Bay.
CLEARED.
Saturday. October 7.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guavmas- Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Slmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports: Goodall. Perkins * Co.
Ship George Curtis, Calhoun. Honolulu:
Welch & Co.
Bark Palmyra, Keller, Sydney: Willamette
PAP Co.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Bktn Tropto Bird, Jackson, Tahiti; J Plnet
& Co.
BAILED.
Saturday, October T.
Ftmr San Pedro. Zaddart, San Pedro.
Ptmr George Loomls, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay. Smith, San Pedro.
Stmr Glosy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Progreso. Gilboy, Seattle.
Stmr Empire., Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms, Guaymas.
Stmr Signal. Bendegaard. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. —
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Nor i>tmr Tltanta. Egenes. Nanalmo.
JlnrkFaJmyra, Keller. Sydney.
Bktn Tropic Bird. Jackson, Tahiti.
Krhr Defiance, Hlum, New Whatcom.
Sohr Eclipse, Forest, Eureka.
Schr Charles Hanson, Dannevlg. Coos Bay.
Schr Falcon, Murchison, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 7, 10 p Weather
thick; wind calm.
MISCELLANEOUS.
GRAYS HARBOR, Oct 7— New schr Henry
Wilson was successfully launched to-day at
John Llndstrom's shipyards at Aberdeen.
.' ■•■■«" DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— SaiIed Oct 3-Schr Sadie, for San
Pedro; schr Lily, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 3 — Schr Louise, from San Pedro.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Oct 7— Schr Mary C. for
San Francisco."
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct Stmr State of
California, henoe Oct 5.
Sailed Oct B— Br ship Macduff. for Cape
Town: bktn Tarn o' Shanter, for San Francisco;
stmr Aberdeen, for Pan Francisco.
PAN DlEGO— Arrived Oct Stmr Westport.
from Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 7— Bktn Geo
C Perkins, from HI to; schr Una, hence Sept 20. j
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct Stmr Ruth, hnc
Oct 4.
Sailed Oct — Stmr Ruth, for San Francisco;
stmr Fulton, for . Oct 7— Stmr Samoa, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct Schr Gem, hence
Sept -C »
Sailed Oct 7— Schr Daisy Rowe. for ©an Fran
cisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Oct 6— Schr
Bender Bros, hence Oct S. Oct 7 — Schr Mary
Etta, hence Oct 4: schr J Epplnyer, hence Oc
tober 2.
Palled Oct 7 — Schr Corinthian, for San Fcan
daco; schr Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr City of To
peka, from T&coma; U S stmr Adams, hence
Sent 23.
Sailed Oct 6 — Ship C F Sargent, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct Stmr Pomona, hnc
Oct «
Sailed Oct 7— Tug RangeT, with stmr Dis
patch in tow, for San Francisco; stmr # Pasa
dena, for San Pedro; schr Lottie Carson, for
San Francisco.
ACO MA— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Queen, henc*
Oct i.
Sailed Oct 7— Stmr City of Topeka. for Alaska.
Oct 6— Stmr Olympla, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KlLRUSH— Arrived Oct 6— Br ship Mare
schal Suchet, from Portland.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct S— stmr Athenian.
from Seattle. Oct 5— U S stznr Warren, hence
Sept 2.
Sailed Aug Ship Marlon Chllcott, for Se-
tie.
PANAMA— Oct 2— Stmr Peru, hence
Aue 2S.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton, etc: sttnr City of Rome,
from. Glasgow; stmr La Champagne, from
Havre.
Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Graffwalderse, for Ham
burg, via Plymouth; etmr Masllla, for Na
ples, etc; stmr Armenia, for Stettin, etc; stmr
Campania, for Liverpool: stmr La Normandle,
for Ha\ie; itmr Amsterdam, for Rotterdam,
via Hrulopne: stmr Meyadba, for TxvjCcp; stmr
V\ erra, for Ger.of. etc.
BOSTON— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Canada, from
Liverpool; stmr IJltria, from Liverpool.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previously Sept JO—
Stmr Kinshu Maru, from Seattle.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Taurlc,
from New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York.
QfEEXRTOWN- Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Etru
rla. from New York, for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Umbrla,
from Liverpool, via Queenstown.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J McLelland, Chgo C P Rosecrans & w,
O H P Sheets & w, N M
Red Bluff E B Hall. Eureka
A Seadorf, Butte J T Burkhanl, L Ang
O V Woodward. N T J O Larc>, Cal
J Davis, San Jose Miss H Fessler, Cal
W Booth, Cal C Hall, Chicago
S J Hopkins, Sacto OTA Peters & -v. Cal
Mrs H II Hopkins. Cal Mrs E B Partridge,
Mrs M E Gardner,! Cal
Boston W Pike, Fresno
8 B Hanklns, S Jose J M Pike, Fresno
T B Hanklna. S Jose |P Pendleton, Saratotra
J McMurry, Trinity jW R Pinter, West Side
C W Lane, Butte L A Bookson, S Jose
T P MaKenney, Cal IE C Cubberly, Stanfd
G Foster. Wash iS A Butler, L An?
T McCaffery. L Ang S T Butler, Alameda
Dr JH Wright. L Ang J A Hosmer, Palo Alto
J Kni<r, Los An* M Cox, Illinois
S Werthelm. Toronto Mrs H M Hill Clanc*y
Mrs A L Rlplinger. W H Squire & fatn.
Cal' Hartford
M F Riplinger. Cal TV T Bullls. LAn )
J J Davis. Cal A I. Smith, Auburn
Dr C 8 Ingersoll. L D Poole, Illinois
Helena . jF E Powell. Sacto
H J McDiarmld. Seattl Newell, Stockton
E A Wajner. Cal C C Bush, Redding
J C Steele, Cal J Mllburn & w, L, Ang
W Irving. Alaska T Friedman & w. Cal
H H Folsom, Juneau W N Hauser, Cal
A Knab, Cincinnati B Munson. Palo Alto
TV M McFadden. Cal "W Sims. Sacto
W D Crickton, Fresno C A Phillips, Sacto
MaJ N P Justy. Cal W R Grey. S Diego
8 Peterson & w, Wind- TV R Grey, S Diego
sor C A Btuteman. Chgo
Ii Gerlinger, Stanford II B Lathrop. Stanford
C. H Flett. McCloud W II Hopkins. Cal
E H Price. Cal A Densmuir, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
R de Fries, Wash.D C|E G Dudley, Stanford
L Douglas, ship Silver Q P Morgan, San Jose
Horn p*W"t"r Mrs (.: P Morgan, S Js
A Newell. Stanford !Mlm Walker. W Va
Mrs Reinhart, Olympia F A Putter, Stanford
Miss Reinhart, Olympa C A Duniway, Stanfrd
O W Trlmbly, LeadvllP Trautweir. N V
C E Wagar, Kan? Cy B W Steinman, Sacto
Mrs C E Wagar, X Cy J F Boyd, San Rafael
A A Cabanies, U S A C H Huldon, U S N
Mrs Cabaniss A Mills, Wash. D C
M Molkin, Vancouver D E Warner, Swltzlnd
L Rltchett. Ariz J. Heyner, Belgium
J B Metcalfe, Seattle Prof Copeland, Stnfrd
J V Metcalfe. Seattle ! C N Thomas, Heidsbg
A L, Campbell, Seattle W E Robinson, L A
M C McGurvey, Texas R Mestris. Monterey
J3 B Morrison, N V J P Schulte, N V
W C Johnson, Maine iM E Babcock. Corndo
L Stanford, Dawson TV F Newlln, Corondo
Mrs L Stanford, Daws A A Zolmer. N V
F M Possell. NY J A McCusker, L Anff
W R Dudley, Stanford!" L Lellis. Los Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
n McKlbbin, Manila W B Webster, Spokan
P J Mogan, Petaluma C M Mathews, Cal
.1 Nelson, Woodland T V R Quinn. Cal
N TV Powers Redwood C W Dana, Missouri
X Carvell, Vallejo F C Hill. Reno
P A Irvine. Vallejo Miss Black, Louisville
i T Chandler, Berkeley Mrs Carnahan, S Jose
J C Ring, San Jose II Julien, S Jose
P A McAndrew. Cal F L Simpson & w,
0 Wlllett, N V | Ohio
H B Rogers, X V
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
H^ Steamers leave Broadway
IfcSk^b^ wharf, San Francisco.
i Klikk For Alaskan ports, 10 a.m.,
' &«5i J^Sy ! »9H Oct. 3. s > 13 - IS, 23, 28; Nov.
! KJ^wFI 2, change at Seattle.
' Mv*i'Stt>^y For Victoria, Vancouver
H^^^Jflßl (B. C.),, Fort Townsend, Se-
r **>jfrf? ? S^fl attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana.
~^^i,- gy t cortes and New Whateom
(Wash), 10 a. m., Oct. S, S,
18, 18. 23. IS; Nov. 2. and
everr fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
C °For r Eureka (Huniboldt Bay 1 ). 2p. m.. Oct.
6 11 16. 21. 26. 31; Nov. 6 and every 3fth
'^r^TntrCru*. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
S«n Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angrtert and
Newport. S a. m., Oct. 3. 7. 11. 15. 13. 23. 27. 31.
Nov. 4. and every fourth day thereafter
For San Diego. stnpplnß only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Banta Barbara, Port
T,o« Angeles and Redondo (Los Aneeles) 11 a.
m Oct 59. 13. 17. 21, 25. 29: Nov. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Fnsennda. Mncdalena Bay. San .To*, del
Cabo. Mazatlam AUata. L« Paz. Santa R^
lla nnd Guaymas (Mm.), 10 a. m., <th or eacn
For h further Information obtain aWfl'r.
The company reserves the Hsrht to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
fIP TTrKKT° f OFFr n riß —4 New Montgomery
8t £SoDALU e pKRK^i * CO.. Gen Art,..
*-' v 10 Market st.. S.an Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
!PO!3.T3L..A.:NT:n
p. r ... Pr^n^-street Whnf nt 10 o. '"
r»nc Sl2 First Class Including Berth
rAlir. S8 Second Class .Mid Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails... Oct. 5, 15, 25
C Qbort Lne to wii R Walla. Spokane *..«£
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. A^ nt
11 s EC. WARD, General Acent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & ntmA^
AMERICAN LINE/
FT.V? TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Paul Oct. IS St. Paul Nov. 8
New Tork Oct. 2s| New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. list. Louis Nov. .2
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon,
Westernland ...Oct. IS Friesland Nov. 8
Kensington ....Oct. 25 j Southwark Nov. 15
Nordland Nov. 1' Westernland ...Nov. 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
* JO Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
Am"eRICA-MARU Saturday. October 14
HONGKONG-MARU. .Wednesday. November 1
NIPPON-MART' Saturday. November 25
. Round-trip tickets nt reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
; - m -* W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
J^jjThlPH* E*2"W Wednesday. October
fB< on m lajntril is. at 2-p. - Australia
jfcS^liS! sa!ls fnr Honolulu
*Ve^iamm%/ Wednesday. October
M ■* IS. Nt 2 p. m.
' i fcßf' *J^ yS\^\ S. S - Moan* sails
Sjp^rnchin.) via Honolulu and
XkrSKA 1 ? G)IU]lllJi!IV w Auckland for Sydney
Y*te&r /nITIF?niL. Wednesday, Nov. 1.
i '- 7- '•■■■ "".M at 1" p. m.
! Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez.
I England, etc.; $610 first class.
i D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. H4 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Frcl{htOtflce.32? Market St.
COJtPAGNIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUK.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,r-GiH>
! Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. S3JS&G
from Pier 42, North River, foot or * I^.- Z
Morton St. LA NORMANDIE Oct 7; LA
CHAMPAGNE. Oct. 14; LA GASCOGNE. Oct.
21- LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 2S: LA TOURAINE.
; Nov. 4. First-class to Havre, »60 and up-
'■ ward' 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45: 1C per cent reduction
ien round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 31 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GA'ZI & , CO.. Pacific Coast AgenU, 5 Mont-
comery five.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YAI.LEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tuei-., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 3
i p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
i Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 500
(l <^|^h^ij,if; B| cm noa-roisenot»
*/^B^s^^^^^fcSsl reaadj for tionorrhcea,
< JeSSSrC CBEfe^M Gle V' t « Spermatorrhaa,
jHjEp in lto i 4nTt.^H hit»a, unnatural ii».
nßfmW Gzxnait^l \\ rhargee, or any in. —
fT*»flf net to ftrioture. tion, irritation or uioer*-
P> *Pr«T«at- eoamloa. tion of QCCous mem
jfTSmTHEEvAMS CHEMiCiiCq tranes, Non-ft3trini?nt-
C:sc:N»»Tl.O WSM Sol- by »m«r<»t*.
V" x JSm ot seDt ' n P'* in w rsrper.
jJf^^^^^^^^fijM by expre« prepaid, tot
H Circtti*! Mat oa rcsi&tjfc
ADVEBTISEMEITTB. .
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS |
. OF THE
Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. GERMANY. ON
the 31st day of December, A. D. 18SS and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner, of the State of all-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $643.9G0 00
Cash in Company's Office - ■:-
Cash in Banks "";"v; 8 "' sl '*
Interest due and accrued on all shocks
and Loans A'V."VrU ie ooq t>
Premiums in Due ' Course 'of Collection 46,229 12 \
Balances due from Agents ""■*-'' ' a
Total Assets ..■■5796.334 17
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid •• $8,744 50
Losses In process of Adjustment or in •■*
Suspense ? 1- «A
Los3es resisted. Including expenses — 6,1i0 uu
Gross premium on Fire Risks running
one year or less. $383,243 32; relnsur-
ance 50 per cent 191.62168
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $149,189 51; rein-
surance pro mta 99,339 38
All other demands against the Com- _
pany 7,967 5i
Total Liabilities ....$332,030 56
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $470,170 14
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 23,202 52
Total Income $493,372 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $24,464 22, losses of previous
years) $251,246 84
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 92,193 55
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 63,254 50
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 10.612 31 1
All other payments and expenditures. 35,137 31 I
Total Expenditures $452,504 51
Fire
Losses Incurred during the year $255,900 33
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $48,059,170 $617,092 64
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 41,082,860 518,715 29
Net amount In force
December 31. 1898 | 40,728,345 532,432 S3
SAML. R. WEED of Weed & Kennedy,
Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 24th
day of January, 1899. GEO. H. COREY,
Commissioner for California.
CESAR BERTHS, Manager.
ALFRED R. GRIM, Ask Manager.
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
BATLBOAD TJRAVEI*
NOUTIIKKM l'«( IFIC CO3IPAJIT.
(PACIFIC BTBTSK.)
Train* !•■■»» mill me Hur to nrrlfe nt
NAN ritAN«l*««>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From October 2, 1899. — arrivi
•7:OOa Benici*, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . # 3:413p
•7:<m>a Marysvllle. Orovllle and Itedding vl»
Woodlaud •5:45p
•T:OOa Elmira, VaCAvllle and Rnmsey *S:.->Op .
•7:»Oa Martinez, San llamon.Vallejo. Naj-a,
laliHtdgaandSania Kosa.^. •O:l.'ip
•S:«Oa Atlantic Kxpress. Ogilon and Kaat.. »U:4sa
•ftillOA Nun .lose, I.iTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacraineuto, Plae?rrille, v
Marynfille, Chico, Keilllluff »4ilsp
•«t:tOA "Milton. Oaktlale an<l rsonora »J:lsp
•0:OOa H lyw.inio. Niks and Way Stations. *1 1 i43a
•«:«Oa Martin. 7, Tracy, l.athrop, Stockton,
• Merced and Fresno »12:13p
•»i«i«a Freauo, itakersiielil. Santa IJurlmra,
Lot ADgfleii, Demirg, El Paso.
New Orleans and Kast # fl:-l5p "
•IO:OOa V»;i il. Martinez an.l Way Statitns *7:4."»p
•I I:OOa Hayvrar<l«, Nil?a and Way Stations. •2il3p
•IU:OOm Nile*, I.l»crmore, Stockton. Hacra-
mento, Mcndota, llanford, Vmalia,
lVrl.rTille •t*l»F
tl:OOp Snorammto Kiter Stenmers fS:OOp
•3:OOp llaywards, Niles and Way Stations. # 5545p
•4:«oi" Martinet, San RamtMi, Vallejo,
Nripa, Ualtatogn, Santa Rom •Uiia*
•4i»iif 15. ■nirlit. VacaTille. Sacramento,
Woodland, Kntghta Lauding.
MurjKTille, Orovllle «10:43 a
•4:«(»p Nilea, .losoand Stockton *7:13f
•5:OOpTlio Owl Limited. Tracy, Fresno.
!'..»• .. i. Sangns for Santa Bar-
baa, Los Angeles. *0:-I3a
•3i3op Stockton, Merced, I'resuo *12:15p
•■">::ioi* Mar.imT, Tracy, Memlota, Fresco,
MnjaTo and l.os Anjeles »»:4»a
•.•>::!<• r Santa. I'd Route, Atlantic Kxpresi
for Mnjiivo and Kast "e^.Tp
•6:0 Or Chicago-San Francisco Special, Og-
•li>n and Kast •»:*Op
•6:OOp HaywanK Niles and San Jose »7;4;va
-)O:OOr Viiili-ji. «13:13p
J7:oop Vallejo. Tort Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9<33p
•BtOsi» Oregon IC«i>rpwi, SH<-ri\iiipntn. Marys-
till?, lte<lilliiK, I'ortlaml, I'ngrt
Horn,.! mi.l l'.a.il» ... **;13a
COAST DIVISION (Narrow <Ja«ge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•8:13 a Newark. <VutcrYille, San Jose.Fclton,
l>onlJi'rOrroli,Sa:ita Cruz and Way
Stations •3t3©F
f2il3r Newark, Ceut*rTl!lo, Han Jose. Now
Ahnadeu, Fellou, UouiJer (..'reek,
Santa Cruz and l'rlnclpal Way
Stations 1 1 0:30 a
••I:13p Newark. Ban .Io«o, 1/09 Gatos. M»:2oa
Ml<l3p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
WjySf')o»s t '?'2op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
! rrtmStN rRIKCISCO— root «f tltrktt Strut <Sli:> 8)—
•7:15 9:00 lIKWa.m. 1 1:33 *2:00 J3:D3
•1:00 tC:CO •6:001'.u.
frmiOmillP-KoDl «rßra»d»«T.— '(<:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
I tI2:SO '1:03 12:00 '3:03 11:83 '3:33 p.m.
COAST DIVISION 1!'..; i.l (.ante .
(Ihlrl Mid To\Tn«cn<l St».)
tfl:io\ Ocelli Viow, Booth Han Pracdiwo. . t<i::toi-
•7:eo* San 3tmm n- ,1 Way Rtntlnlui (New
Alm««lcii Wadrtf lUymity) *l:30p
••jOOa Huh Jive. I'm I'iiKui. s.intii Cruz,
I'nriiic <;n>re. 184» Kohl*, San
I.nis Oiiinrtii, Surf, Loa poc »ml
IVincipiil Way Stations *4tlOf
•14»>40a San .lose »ii.l Way Staltniij *<t:33A
•I l:aOA San J«M and Way SlaMoim. *3i3Ui*
t«:43r .San Matw, 1m.i1woo»1, Meulo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa (!Ura, Han .lose,
Tres Tlnos. Santa CSn« Salinas,
Monterey and l*»ctne Grr.Te UA:36a
♦S«ai»p Han .lote mid \V*j Stations «7:30p
f IllSr Sau Jom*u<l Principal Way Station* *t»:43»
t3:OOr San Jose and Prkioipal Way Stations ttt:O»A
•SiSOj- San.lose and Vrincir>al Way Stations **:33a
•«::i«p S»ii Jsaßlwci Wsy Stations ♦*:«<»*
til :-!■•> i- San .los? :mJ Way Stati.>iis # T::JOp
* AforMoruiug. 1* for Afternoon. '
•Dally. T'"s>»nd*re»cepteil. ♦ Sunday only.
I) Saturday only.
The I»4«"IK!«' Tit A \SCKIt <■«»>! 1».4!S - V
w«l call for and check baggage from hotels and re»|.
dences. Enquire of Ticket Afei.U for Time Cards and
other infcrniation.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. ISS9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:00. »9:30, 11:00 a. m. • »i-45.
•3:40, 6:13, 600. «:30 p. m. . M>
! EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San R»
! fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays"
I at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. »"«-aa>s,
SUNDAYS— *S .OO. 'IOtOO. "11:30 a. m • »i-«
S:l5. M:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. 1 *-
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:25. '6:35, 7:43. »9:40 a! m •
I •12:S0. 2:15, »3:40. •5:15 p. m. "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an »
1 Saturdays at l:« and 10:15 p. m d
SUNDAYS— •S:00, •10:00, »11:45 ■ m •
1 •1:40. ■}:!!, 4:45, »«:30 p. m. m "
Trains marked (•> start from San Quenttn
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 8:45, 7:55 « 45' I" « .
12:55. 2:35. 3:45, 5:20 p. m. ' " " m "
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdai-i «n<i
I Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:3) p. m
i 6:00, 6:45 p. m 10:05 *• m - : li:os> 2:1S » S:3 °.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days-Cazad*ra and war stations
S:4O p. m. Saturdays-Tomales and rray stat on*'
! 8:00 a. m. Sundayg-Tomales and way stations.
taOUNf TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1. 1 8 9 ». > *
« EEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and !« n m
81-NDATS-8.00 10:00 a. m and ifs p^m.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agta., 621 Market A
ADVEBTISEMENT^ -^
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE •
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York on the 31st day of December. A D.
IS&S, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commission of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
CaT?. 1 .. 0 /..?.?"! !. . °? .'. . pa ! . . up . ■ >n si.ooo.ooo 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $450,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 7,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,295.664 00 1
Cash in Company's Office 53.374 90
Cash in Banks 48,803 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 18,062 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 29 18
Premiums in due Course of Collection 161,507 09
Rents due and accrued 483 75
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.... 213 63
Total Assets 1 .$3,035,140 62
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $88,854 89
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 83.168 19
Losses resisted, Including expenses... 25,922 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,011,526 33:
reinsurance SO per cent 505,763 14
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning' more than one year, $1,192,-
-662 31; reinsurance pro rata 625.349 S3
Reinsurance premiums 11,372 63
Total Liabilities $1,329,429 19
INCOME. "~~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,449,478 69
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 431 S5
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 94.303 19
Received for Rents 25,389 70
Received for profit on sale of securi-
ties 23,57125
Total Income .$1.536.177 63
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including- $192,636 41, losses of pre-
vious years) $933.515 55
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 362,42153
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 153,750 72
Paid for State, National and local
taxes FA 3i)l 49
All other payments and expenditures 104,670 44
Total Expenditures ~ .$1,604,660 74
Fire.
Losses incurred during: the year $306,740 54
Risks and Premiums. ; Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $157,146,439 $1,722,202 7J
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .
year 155,003.964 1,755,677 70
Net amount in force
December 31. 1898 200,075,765 2.204.158 64
I. REMSEN LANE. President.
C. L. ROE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, th!»
2Sth day of January, 1899.
JOS. McCORD. Notary Public,
CESAR BERTBEAU, Manager,
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CALIFOfiNJA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
; LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Aiarkst St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
j 3:30, 5«10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
I at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— B:OO, 8:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:3 a,
; 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
' WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:r.0. 5:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
! 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
DATS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40. 5:06,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
1 same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ — April 16. 1 .
Week Sun- 1539. Sun- "Week;
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am! 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ara
: 3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 ara
| 6:10 pm, 5:00 pm Santa Koßa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
Fulton,
i 7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 an»
Healdsburg 1 ,
Lytton,
Geyserville.
1:30 pm 3:00 am Gloverdala, 7:35 pm 6:20 pin
1 7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
! 8:30 pm, 8:00 am- Ukiah. 7:35 rnl| 6:20 pro
7:30 am 110:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville, 7:35 pm
»:30 pm j j 6:20 pnj
7:30 am; 3:00 am ; Sonoma ,10:40 am 8:40 am
■ C and |
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am 1 Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 1 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
! Stages" connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
', Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
I for Lytton Borings; at Geyservllie for Skag-gs
! Springs: at Cleverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
i land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
I Kelseyville. Carlpbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Sprints. Saratoga Spring*. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's
; Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvilla'
: Booneville, Philo. Christine. Soda Springs!
Navarro, Whltesboro. Albion. Little Riv»r"
' Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bracg'
Westport. Usal. Willltts. Laytonville. Cum-
mlr.fr's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer
I Scotia and Eureka. " *
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
i reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
, Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. R. x. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
! Santa Fe Route
I *!^ ft I ***** i
4** SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
* Aciim^cSSS??^ 81 * W - Y
i:VHRY DAY IN THK YEAR PULL-
SSI'JE* 1 * 0 ? AND PULLMAN V?-
ULSTER ED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
rtV&SVS'X FOR CHICAGO AND
wB&Pt S T^ K^ lARKI:T STR££T
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNG
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
EilEbTSL^g PSRFECT IS
,-^ a / E™"™J VALLEY ROAD. ReadUr.
VlO 521 S : S2 StocktoI > 13:40 pm|6:onm
10 ; ira^l? : »- spm Mer «J U2 : .lopm <
11 : « »2 !7« Pm P^sno l t9:CO am 2:42 ? m
2 :^nS«ii -^ Pm H an ''>rd tT:(K)am 1:45 pm
11-wSSl'w^*" 1 B f k *«fleW «l:O0amll:Wani
12.15 pm| tf, : ..3pm' Tu'.are $4:25 ami*l:oi pm
: I^n > ' -- M tE , xce r' t Sunday. {Except Monday.
tJi \f^J? «JP° T***" Office. 62S Market St.:
Oakland Office, 111? Bro«away.
Sacramento Office. JO; j *♦_
1 San Jose O£flce. 7 West Saata <3*r» si.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
inancial quotations unchanged.
Barley futures shozv more strength.
md Rye dull and unchanged.
'kite Beans held higher.
::l: under large receipts.
md Onions quiet. } T c get able s firm.
md Cheese quiet. Eggs still higher.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry due. Came has a wide range.
Fresh Fruits of all kinds, except Apples, firm.
All y -cd Fruits firm except Prunes.
Provisions as previously quoted.
change in the Meat market.
Bank Clearings shozv the usual gam.
r eased exports of Specie.
Charters.
The Carondelet loads mdae for Melbourne and
the Ivanhoe and Reaper mds« for Sydney.
The Garnet Hill loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, (Ob; Lady Isabella, wheat at Tacoma
for .rope, 40s; Powys Castle, flour at Port
land for Port Natal, 42s 6d : Inverurle, wheat
• i Portland for Europe. 8"s 6d; option of flour,
lit 9d.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were $22,551,
-f2, against $17.303. for the same week last
rear.
Exports of Specie.
■Exports of specie from this port during: the
first nine months of the year were $16.775. 557,
against 139,396,24! for the same time In 1898,
and included $13,000 In gold bullion, $2,961,683
In stiver bullion, (1,891,573 in Mexican dollars,
1314.85S in silver coin. $11,361,200 in gold coin
and $177,197 In currency. Of this year's ship
ments $4,503,000 went to China. 717 to Japan,
!2."1C. 160 to Honolulu and $9,298,662 to New
York.
Dried Fruit and Salmon in London.
The I/^ndon Grocers' Gazette says: There has
been a fair amount of activity in Callfornian
fruits, especially in pears, which have appre
ciated considerably in value, Small overland
lots of Callfornian arriving, and quality is very
satisfactory- Quotations are well maintained.
The demand for salmon has been well main
tained, and Inquiries from distributors indi
cate that the stocks in their possession are get- I
ting low. Prices are firm, but half fiats are j
scarce, and likely to be dearer, while avail
able supplies of Fraser River tails are also
getting: short.
The Hay Market.
The circular of Scntt & Manner Fays:
"During the past week consignments of Hay j
have continued heavy and tne total receipts
here in the city foot up 6947 tens. What
changes there have been recorded in the market
since our last advices have all been against
the selling interests. Many of the city ware
houses, as well as the majority of the larger
consumers, are pretty well filled up. In view
of the Tact that there Is very much Hay in
the fields awaiting shipment to this market,
many of the interested parties look for lower
figures to prevail during the next few weeks.
We are still laboring under the disadvantages
of the scarcity of both rail and water freight
facilities, which is occasioning much annoy
ance and uneasiness to Loth the farmers and
the merchants here.
"Compressed Hay— There are no changes to
note in this style of Hay. Arrivals have been j
coining forward fairly rapid, but the Hay hav
ing been arranged for before arrival, has been
taken enre of without burdening the market.
"Alfalfa Hay— We quctod this cla.-s ot Hay ;
last week as being n. little lower. Since that
date rivals have continued to be very heavy,
and the market at this writing is lower arid
the feeling decidedly weak. It is calculated j
that large quantities of Alfalfa will continue to
arrive for some little time yet. Under the
present conditions unsatisfactory sales may be
anticipated."
Barley and Oats.
The circular of George Morrow & Co. says:
"Barley— Receipts for the week, 9?.C63 centals.
So far the exports of Barley exceed those of
Wheat for this season to date, and the outward
movement continues in a quiet way, although i
It iB, of course, hammered by the scarcity of
•hips. Exporters will still pay a slight ad
vence for very desirable lota of heavy bright ;
Barley, but the market for either brewing, ex- I
pvrt or feed Bariey cannot be called either
active or satisfactory to the holding Interests, I
nor can we discern anything In the near future
t> make It so. Certain It is, that California
raised a large crop of Barley this year, and a
good portion of it is yet to come in the mar
ket.
"O ATP— Receipts for the week, 30,315 centals,
an increase of 10,000 centals as compared with
the previous week. The new crop of Oregon
Oats have at last made their appearance and a
fairly good line can be had upun future ship
ments. Almost all the valley Oats are more
or less stained. Eastern Oregon and Eastern
"Washington escaped the rain damage to some
extent, and we may expect some good Oats
from there. To holders of both stained and
bright Oats we would say that two things
must bo borne in mind, viz.: The stained Oats
are merchantable on this market and will sell
at a price, and secondly, the volume of stained
Oats shipped this way must of necessity nerve
a depressing effect upon the value of better
Oats.
"It is time for the seed demand for red and
black Oats to set in. and we do not look for
any decline in prices of same. On the con
trary, It would not surprise us to see a Blight
advance."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 7. 3 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Kureka 81' San Dtego CS
Fresno ?6 Sacramento 90
Los Angles S6 ii dependence a
p. 1 Bluff 94 Yuma 96
Ban Luis Oblspo .... 90 i
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
7S; minimum, 50; mean, 69.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is beginning to fall rapidly
along the northern const. There has also been
a decided fall in pressure over Arizona, north
western Mexico and Southern California. There
le ?im? likelihood of the development of an ex
tensive low by Sunday afternoon along the
coast from Eureka northward.
Th» temperature has risen over California
north of the Tehachapl. It baa fallen over Utah
and Nevada. A rainfall of 1.54 inches Is re
ported at Noah Bay. The following maximum
wind velocities are reported: Eureka, 34 miles
per hour from the northwest, and Red Bluff
30 from the north.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight October 8:
For .Northern California— Fair Sunday with
Increasing cloudiness during the day and show
ers on the coast in the afternoon; northerly
changing to fresh southeasterly winds; condi
tions favorable for showers In the great val
leys by Monday morning:.
for Southern California!— Sunday;
fresh westerly win'!s.
■ For Nevada— Fair: warmer Sunday.
For Utah— Pair, warmer Sunday.
For Arizona— Cloudy Sunday; cooler in the
north portion.
3'"or San Francisco and Increasing
cloudinrx* Sunday with conditions favorable
f.->r showers at night; fresh southeasterly
winds; cooler.
ALEXANDER McADIE, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— The stock market wai
much neglected to-day, tho yacht races prov
ing the eatMt fcttractlon. Prices moved
narrowly except in a few industrials aa! the
email traders had the market all to themselves.
They bid up prices after the opening In ex
pectation of a favorablo bank statement.
Prices declined when the statement appeared.
but there was no urgent liquidation and the
bidding up of Louisville to a point over last |
night steadied the market. The closing was
rather irregular. Attempts to still further de
press Brooklyn Transit met with resistance '
; and the stock gained a point. Changes gener- j
; ally are small and mixed, but the majority
; were gains. The bank statement failed to ;
] show large relief as a result of expenditures
by visitors to the Dewey celebration, which
had been much harped on by speculators all i
the week. Not more than a million dollars off- i
set to the drain to the Interior and to the |
BUb-treasury can be detected from the bank
returns. The reduction in the reserve require
ment by reducing loans (3,500,200 was not sum- i
cient to offset the loss In cash and the surplus ]
falls to $643,200. To-day's clearing-house state- .
ment shows the sub-treasury a debtor to that I
Institution for $2,091.3!»0.
Coupled with the receipt of gold by to-day's !
incoming steamers, this had the effect of j
contracting to a slight extent the unfavorable I
statement.
Prices of stocks arrived at a condition of
! stability during the week as compared with the
| violent fluctuations for some time past. This
condition represents the adjustment of values
! between the conflicting influences of stringent
money and prosperous business. What with
unwillingness to sell at present prices and
usual readiness to buy, the market has been
remarkably dull. It has not been narrow,
though the number of different issues dealt In
has increased and buying of odd lots has In
| dicated the presence of the bargain hunter.
Pressure to liquidation has not been heavy,
even when money rates were highest. Th»
amounts loaned at the high rates, which were
40 per cent on one day and 35 per cent on an
other, were a small proportion and were caused
by eager bidding of belated borrowers who
had been dilatory about supplying their
needs from the early offerings, hoping for a
break In rates In the day.
The problem for the future Is, how much
farther the demand for crop moving purposes
will encroach on deposits of the Interior banks
with New York banks and on call loans of in
terior banks placed In Wall street. With the
Hank of England's official rate advanced to 5
per cent and weak returns from the great con
tinental banks, no further hope is entertained
of relief by gold Imports. Indeed, the convtc- j
tlon is general that any relaxation of the local j
money rate would result In a prompt demand
uprn is by London for gold. The movement of
the crops will continue to absorb money for
several weeks to .•■ me and the United States
Treasury's surplus of revenue over expendi
ture will continue to take money from the
open market unless means are taken to pre
! vent it.
Fionas have been dull and have moved In
sympathy with stocks. United States 3s de
cilned V new 4s *«. 5s J-, and old 4s % In the
bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Bid.
2,f'00 Atchlson 20*4
5,550 Atchison prefd 62' s i
Baltimore & Ohio 49%
Canadian Pacific &1% ■
Cans la Southern '.l' 1 ? j
Central Pacific 58%
400 Chesapeake & Ohio 25
1.500 Chicago Great Western 14
4,950 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 129%
Chicago Ind & Louisville 10%
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 42
1.000 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 98T*
Chicago & Northwestern IGSVs
!.290 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 112 -»
200 CCC & St Louis 56 ■
ICO Colorado Southern 5%
I Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45
i Colorado them M prefd 16
350 Delaware & Hudson 122%
3, C00 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. lBB%
Denver & Rio Grande 21
| Denver & Rio Grande prefd 74-..
Erie 13'
200 Erie Ist prefd 36% j
Great Northern prefd 164
Hocking Coal 17%
Hocking Valley *. 31
300 Illinois Central 113
lowa Central . . . : 13Vi
lowa Central prefd 56%.
Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 3
Lake Erie & Western IV,
200 Lake Erie & Western prefd "S'.j
Lake Shore 200
10.455 Louisville & Nashville $0%
4,300 Manhattan Elevated X'7 7 »
I.rOO Metropolitan Street Railway 197
300 Mexican Central 14%
600 Minneapolis & St Louis 72 :
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 95Vi
265 Missouri Pacific 44 1 ,
Mobile & Ohio 45
Missouri Kansas A Texas 1214
210 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 89
2.125 New Jersey Central 119
600 New York Central 134%
1,370 Norfolk & Western 24%
300 Norfolk & Western prefd 69%
1.300 Northern Pacific 51% :
300 Northern Pacific prefd 74' i
400 Ontario & Western 24%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 75
200 Pennsylvania 131%
Heading 21%
1,700 Reading Ist prefd 55%
1.426 Reading 2d prefd 33
Rio Grande Western 37%
Rio Grande Western prefd 80
St Louis & San Fran 10%
6t Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 69
100 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36*4
200 St Louis Southwestern 14
1.040 St Louis Southwestern prefd 34 '
C.C2O St Paul 124%
St Paul prefd 171
St Paul & Omaha 120 ,
14.720 Southern Pacific 37%
6C>O Southern Railway 11%
573 Southern Railway prefd 62
2W) Texas & Pacific 8%
2.G.V) Union Pacific 43
3,112 Union Pacific prefd ,v- 7 -
Wabash 7%
100 V. - abash prefd :i',
1.020 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11%
1,130 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 51
100 Wisconsin Central 17%
Express Companies —
Adams 114 !
American 149
United States 10
100 Wells Fargo i 130
M i!-cellar.eous
BSO American Cotton Oil 45%
American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
....... American Malting 15
ISO American Malting prefd 65%
200 American Smelting & Refining Bl »
675 American Smelting & Kef prefd.... 85%
American Spirits 5
| American Spirits prefd 24
200 American .Steel Hoop 424
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 81%
4,700 American Steel & Wire 60%
400 American Steel & Wire prefd 9.".%
225 American Tin Plata 37%
400 American Tin Plato prefd 85
7,32<) American Tobacco 123%
200 American Tobacco prefd 147
1,515 Anaconda' Mining Co 4914
24.495 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 83%
1,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 65
1.430 Continental Tobacco 43
ROO Continental Tobacco prefd 84%
3,500 Federal Steel 5414
200 Federal Steel prefd 78
General Electric 18%
Glucose Sugar 61
Glucose Sugar prefd : 104
100 International Paper 2."%
International Paper pre-fd 7214
Laciede Gas 64
. ... National Biscuit 43%
National Biscuit prefd 36%
100 National Lead 25%
....... National Lead prefd 110
ISO Notional Steel 50%
100 National Ste«?l prefd 95%
New York Air Brake 162
North American 12%
232 Pacific Coast 43
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3
800 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65%
610 Pacific Mail 40
1,450 People's Gas 109%
... .. Pressed Steel Car 51
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 87%
350 Pullman Palace Car .....187
Standard Rope & Twine 6%
9,000 Sugar 141%
Sugar prefd 116.
2 150 Tennessee Coal & Iron 115%
5,967 United States Leather 14' i
2 000 United States Leather prefd 77%
290 United States Rubber 47%
United States Rubber prefd 115
... Western Union 87%
1,950 Republic Iron & Steel 26>i
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 71
p C C & fit Louis , 74
198,100 total sale*. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg 100 111 X & T 2ds 19%
Do 3s reg 107% Do 4s 52%
Do 3s coup 108% N V C lsts 111%
Do new 4s reg.... N J C gen Bs 119
Do new 4s c0up...12&a; N Carolina 6s 127
Do old 4s reg. ...11l Do 4s 104
Do old 4s c0up.. .112 N Pacific lsts 113
Do Es reg 111% Do 3s 65%
Do 6s coup 111% Do 4b 102%
Dlst of Col 3.655. ..117 N' V C & St L 45...10S
Ala class A 104 IN & W con 4s 92
Do class B 10« • Do gen 6s 135
Do class C 100 Dr Nay lets 115
Do currency 100 Do 4s 102%
Ateh gen 4e 99% Or Short Line 65.. .126
Do adj 4s 66% i Do con 6s 113
Can Bo 2ds 106 Reading gen 45.... 86%
Ches & O 4%s 95% ! R Q W lsts 98
Do Bs 118 St L& I M con 55. 110
:hl & N con 75.... i?tL4SF gen 6s. 123%
Do S F deb 6s 110 Ist Paul cons 175
Chi Term 4s 97% St P C & P 15t5. ...120
D & R Q lets 103 i Do os 120
Do 4s 99% Bo Railway 6s 105%
E T V & O lsts... 102% j Stand R & T 65... S2
Erie gen 4s 71 Term new get 35... 94 .
F W & D C 15t5. ..77 Texas & Pao 15t5. .114
Gen Elec 5s 116 i Do 2ds 66
3H&B A 6s 108 L' Pacific 4s 103%
Do 2ds 107 Wabaeh lsts 115%
H & T C 5s 110% I Do 2ds 100
Do con 6s 10S .West Shore 4s 112 <
lowa Cent lsts 115 vVls Central lsts... 7614
KCP & O lsts... 72% V r a Centuries 86
La new con 4s 106 , Do deferred 5
L& N uni 4s 99 Solo So -is 55%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 8 23
Crown Point 15 Ophir 95
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Plymouth 08
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 36 Do preferred .... 650
Hale & Norcross.. 34 Sierra Nevada 68
Homestake 65 00 Standard 8 10
Iron Silver 53 t'nlon Con 33
Mexican 33 Yellow Jacket .... 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — I Union Pacific 43
Call loans 6<ff7 ! Union Land 5%
Time loans LUC West End 93%
Stocks— 'West End prefd... 14
A T & S F 20%!Westlnghouse El.. 47
A T & S F prefd.. 62% West El prefd 67%
American Sugar ..141% ; Bonds
Am Sugar prefd. .ll7 Atchlson 4s 99
Bell Telephone ...377 i Mining Shares-
Boston & A1bany.. 249% Ad venture 6%
Boston Elevated ..105 Alloues Mm Co — 5%
Boston & Maine . . £OO (Atlantic 28
Bft M prefd 172 'Boston & Mont 355
C H & Q 130 jßutte & Boston .. 77
Ed Elec 111 208 Calumet & Hec1a..770
Fitch burg prefd ..119 j Centennial 33%
General Electric ..118 Franklin 17%
Gen Elec prefd. ...139 i Humboldt 1%
Federal Steel 54 (Osceola 86
Federal Steel prefd 78 1 Parrot 47
Mexican Central.. 14 1 ; S F Copper 12%
Michigan Tel 106 (Tamarack 227
Old Colony 206 iWinona 9%
Old Dominion 32% Wolverines 41%
Rubber Utah 38 Vi
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— The changes In the
statement of the Associated Hanks of New
York for the week ending October 7 were
not as marked as had been anticipated. Instead
of average loss In loans of nearly seven mil
lions, and a decrease of ten millions In deposits
wn in the totals extending over the last
twelve weeks, the banks contracted loans for
th-^ current week ot only $3,590,200 and del
of $4,205,400. As the bank? have i st about $128,
-000,000 in deposits and $Ss.ooo.oCm In loans from
the high point attained in Jim- 5 tlu-re Is some
I for the belief that the period of ex
cessive liquidation is at an end. Still, the de
man 1 f r cash for Interior requirements
tlnues heavy, while the banks seem unaM-- I i
their resources from usual available
quarters. The gold engaged in London does
■ ■ unt In the present statement, although
receipts from one or two other quarters ure
included. The receipts of sold on Saturday
alone were over $2,000,000. The Kreat difficulty
experienced this fall In financing- the crop
movement ran be traced to rhe losses which
the banks have sustained to the Treasury and
the bI wnees of the Continent to respond t >
- of gold to the usual Incentive of ris
ing interest rates here. Conservative opinions
favor the statement that the tide must turn
Boon, and that the general situation will im
prove, but there are bankers In New York
who aspert that even though the interior move
ment ceases soon, the flow of money on this
center asaln will be much Biowi r than usual
since business requirements warranted It 3 co«-
I employment elsewhere. The gran I
m new on win be a factor
n it to be Ignored, and it is difficult to F"e
how the Bhlpment of gold this way is to he
avoided, even under the strain of untoward
circumstances abruad. As It is the banks
here are carrying a double burden and as
liquidation has ! ■ I to an extreme
point there Is reason for expecting a change
soon. The operations of «n<s bank account
large part for current decreases. The pain In
Iprsls doubtless represents the heavy payments ,'
.ink following the holidays. The ap- :
parent reserve ever requirements Is at present ;
only $643,000, but this, of course, ts exclusive |
of the $2,000,000 of gold received Saturday, as
stated, but nut included In the averages.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: |
The stock market here to-day was fairly brisk j
and cheerful owing to the slackness of news
from the Transvaal and to the attitude of the
Liberal party.
It Is reported on good authority that the
agreement with Portugal, in connection with
Qtrol of Delator Bay. lias been signed
and sealed and is to be submitted to I'ailia
ment on October 17. Americana opened firm
and then eased off. Louisville was heavy.
Spanish fours were at 60%; Tintos touched 47
and closed strong at 46 T x : Anacondas wore 10%
The bank bought £114, Wv worth of gold In
American coin, £56,000 worth In bars and
£19,000 worth in French coins.
CLOSING.
I/>NDON. Oct. 7.— Canadian Paciflo, 93%;
Union Pacific preferred, 78%; Northern Pacific
preferred. 7G'i; Atchlson. 21; Grand Trunk. 7V*. ;
Anaconda, 10; Bar Silver, steady, 26a *id;
Money. 4Q4% per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Receipts.
24,170 barrels; exports, 10,600. Quiet but very
steady at unchanged prices, with low grades
tending upward on account of scarcity. Min
nesota patents, $3 SStH 26; Minnesota bakers,
$:;'UJ 10; winter patents, }3 60©3 80; winter
| Straights, S3 3603 4."; Minnesota extras, $2 25®
! BO; winter low grades, $2 25<u2 40.
WHEAT— 465,100 bushels; exports,
j 110,684. SDOt, firm; No. 2 red, 76 '%c t. o. b.
! aJloct spot: Xo. 1 Northern Duludi, SO^ic f. o.
i b. afloat to arrive new; No. 2 red, 7614 c eleva
tor. Options opened quiet at l , advance on
| less decline in cables than expected and mod
erate Northwest receipts. Ruled very steady
but quiet on local covering In anticipation of
the holiday at Chicago. Buying was checked
by the expected Increase in the visible supply
statement Monday. Closed firm nt '.(.c net ad
vance: March, SO</6#s(H4c, closed £iQ<4c- May,
BOHOBO6-16C, closed So>4c; December, 77 l-16(g
-77 5-16. closed V'Vic.
HOPS— DuII; state common to choice. 1596
crop, 63; IS?7 crop, nominal; 1898 crop. 10@13c.
Pacific Coast, 1596 crop, 4@60; IS&7 crop, nom
inal; 1898 crop, ll@l4c.
WOOL— Firm; domestic fleece, 21<©260; Texas
15<31Sc.
LEAD— The brokers" price for lead la $4 40
and for copper, lIS 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 10 points higher. Sales, 10,250 bags. includ
ing: October, $4 60; November, $4 60; Decem
ber, $4 85; January, $4 80; February, $4 95;
March, $5 05; May, $5 15; June. $; 20; July
$5 S5: September, $5 40. Spot coffee— Rio.
steady to firm: No. 7 Invoice, 7%c; No. 7 Job
bing, C ; vc; mild, firm: Cordova, fi»;@ll?;c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, weak and nominal;
fair refining, SJic: centrifugal, P6 test. 4>4c;
molasses, 3MtC dull and nominal; refined No.
6, 4>,4c: No. 7. 4 7-16 c; No. 8, 4%c; No. 9. 4 5-16 c;
No. 10, 4 3-l6c; No. 11. 4 1-16 c; No. 12, 4c; No
13, 4c; No. 14. 3 15-16 c: mould A, 5 7-lGc: stand
-1 ard A. 4 15-I6c; confectioners' A. 4 15-Uo; cut-
I loaf. 5 9-16 c; crushed, E 11-16 c; powdered. 6>4c;
granulated. 5 3-lSc: cubes, 5 5-16 c.
BUTTER— ReceIptP. 4131 packages. Firm;
Western creamery. 17@24c; June creamery 19 jp
22c: factory, 14@16H0.
EGGS — Receipts, 7031 packages. Market
strong; Western ungraded at mark, 14@18o.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT&
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— California dried fruits
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 714 c;
prime wire tray, 7Vt@BVio; choice, B%ig9c
fancy, »«9Vic.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12@13V40; Moorpark, 14®
16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7%@Bc.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAQO, Oct. 7.— Some uncertainty was
rlio-wn by wheat at the opening. There was
nothing In the news to Justify a strong move
ment in either direction and the heaviness of
Friday's close was in consequence felt a lit
tle, though opening prices were unchanged. A
little later more disposition to buy developed
and the market gradually took on an appear
ance of firmness, prices advancing slightly and
maintaining the small advantage to the close
of tho short session. At the start there was
a little selling by the seaboard. As this Indi
cated lack of export demand it induced some
liquidation by local operators, but shorts cov
ered immediately at the slight decline that
resulted. The covering by shorts was one vi
the few important features of the session.
Though never heavy this buying was sufficient
to maintain prices. Another sustaining feature
was the lightness of Northwest receipts. ' The
market was also helped a little by the firm
ness of corn. Business dropped off greatly as
the session progressed and at the close the
market was almost at a standstill, but prices
were well maintained. World's shipments
were expected to reach 8,000,000 bushels and the
visible supply was expected to show a heavy
Increase. Winter wheat points reported a good
cash demand, with light country offerings. De
cember opened a shade higher at 72} B e. It sold
at 72%®72%c shortly after the opening, then
advanced to 72% c and was bringing 72% c at
the close. May ranged from 75%®75%c to 7534 c
and closed %@%c higher at 75%575%c.
Corn was rather quiet but firm. Offerings
were light and the demand followed, with more
outside trade. The falling off in receipts was
a bull factor. The trade is gradually getting
over Into May. December closed %c higher at
30*i@30%c. '
Oats were dull and about steady. Most of
the trade was in the way of evening up tran- ;
sactions. December closed a shade lower at j
22*45'22T4c. May closed at 24',4®24%c.
Trading In provision* was almost without in- |
cident. The general tone was steady and prices |
ruled a little higher. January pork closed 2%c j
hlrher and January lard and ribs a shade j
higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. — _„,
October 70% 70% 70% 70%
December 72% 72% 72% 72%
May .... 75% 76% 75% 75%:
tober N ?;.. 2 .T. 31% 31% 31% 31%
December 30% 30% 30% 30%
May Sl* 31% 31% 81%
Oats No. 2— 22% 23 22% 22%
December 22V, 23 22% 22"4
May 24% 24% 24% 24%
| Mess Pork, per bbl—
i October 8 17% 8 17% 8 17% 8 li%
December 8 32% 8 32% 8 32% 8 32%
January ' "5
! Lard, per 100 lbs—
j October 6 Si%
'December 6 45
January 6 67% 6 57% 6 57% 5 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 6 10
January 5 07% 610 6 07% 510
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
' Winter Patents. $3 55553 65: Winter Straits. $3 15
I©3 35; Spring Specials. $4 20; Spring Patents,
I $3 40<S3 70; Straits, $2 90<8>3 20; Bakers", $2@2 60;
; No. 3 Spring Wheat, eS-cr^Oc; No. 2 Red. 72%®
\ 72% c; No. 2 Corn, 21%@31%c: No. 2 Oats, 22%@
! 23c; No. 2 White. 25%'526c; No. 3 White, 24iifj>
I 25% c; No. 2 Rye, 57©55% c; No. 2 Barley. 395r41c;
No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 17; new, $117; Prime Timo
! thy Seed, $2 15@2 27%: Mess Pork, per bbl, $7 75
I <S$ 20: Lard, per 100 lbs. $5 35'!?5 47%; Short
! Ribs Sides (loose). $4 95'5 > 5 30; Dry Salted Shoul
! ders (boxed). C%@6Vic: Short Clear Sides (box-
I ed). $5 65©5 75; Whisky, distillers' finished
i good, per gal. $1 22; Sugars, cut loaf, 6.70 c;
i Granulated. 6.18 c.
Artlcles^ — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.0W 18,000
Wheat, bushels 100,000 r. ' )
Corn, buehels 593.000 756. n00
Oats, bushels 389. MOO 218,
Rye. bushels 8,000 LOOO
Barley, bushels 11.000 30.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was flrm; Creamery, 16ft23c; Dairy', 14®
19c; Cheese, firm, ll%@12o; Eggs, firm, fresh,
16% c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening ....6 1% 6 3% 6 3%
Closing 6 1% 6 3% 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan-Apr.
Opening
Closing
Flour-
Opening
Closing
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit to-day: Grapes — To
kay, Wc®sl 20 a half crate and Jl 80Q2 ;.."i per
double crates; Muscats, $1 a half crate;
assorted, $1; Cornlchona, $1 lb<3l 60. Peaches—
Sal ways, U 2{@l SO a box. Pears — Bartletts,
i 3 30 a box and Jl 35 a half box; Winter Nells,
$1 25 a half box. Four cars sold to-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
' CHICAGO, Oct. 7— CATTLE— Too few cat
tle to make a market were received to-day and
: prices were nominal. Good to fancy cattle
-, were saleable at $5 '^0577; medium steers, $4 ;.O
(g5 75; stoekers and feeders, $S®4 90; bulls, cows
j and helfnrs, S2QS 25; common to prime calves,
M@7; Texas range cows, heifers and steers,
J2 15@5 10; Texas grass steers, $3 20<ff4 30.
HOGS — A erood demand and limited supply
resulted in a stronger feeling In hogs, pack
j ing lots selling about 5c higher. Prime lots
: brought J4 1004 "•: mixed lots. $1 85©4 774:
| light hogs, J4 46®4 77%; pigs, J4<?4 70; culla onJ
roush lots, $1 50@4.
PIIEEP— There was little marketing In sheep
to-day, one packer taking nearly the whole
day's consiyi ir.tnt. Lambs were saleable at
$3 50&5 50 for Inferior to prime natives and et
$4 5065 for Western rangers. Sheep ruled at $2
I @3 for common up to $4 10 for prime natives,
' rams selling at $2&3; Western range sheep were
saleable abmit $3^3 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 200; hogs, 1200; sheep, 2000.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. 7.— Consols, 1P3%1?1OSH; silver.
2fi?i; French rentes, 100f E7%colOOf 52> a c; Indian
shipments wheat to United Kingdom, 5000;
! Indian shipments wheat to Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL. Oct 7— Wheat, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3a 29-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California. 6s Sua
(S6s 4d; No. 2 Western winter, 6s Id; No.l
Northern spring, 6s 4d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new and
old. 3b :<d. Futures— Quiet: October, 3s B%d;
November, 3s Sd ; December, 3s Bd.
Imborts at New York.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— The Imports of mer
chandise and dry goods at the port of New
York for this week were valued at J7,7C5,763.
The imports of specie this week were $410,620
gold; $171,824 silver.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 7— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $290,256,275; gold reserve,
$256,696,114.
Exports of Specie.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Exports of silver to all
countries for this week aggregated $1,254,572,
bars and coin.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 7.— Clearings, $262,356;
balances, $47,217.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 7— Wheat steady; Walla
Walla, COc; Valley, 60@61c; Blue Stem, 62c.
Very heavy business was done during the
week Just closed, nine ships being chartered
and over 1,000, 000 bushels of Wheat bought.
Cleared: German ship Carl, for Queenstown,
with 115.036 bushels Wheht.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 7.— Wheat unchanged; Club
69c; Blue Stem, 61c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 88
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 87
Sterling Cables :.... — 4 S3
New York Exchange, eight — 12H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars.... 48 48*
Fln« Sliver, per ounce — 57%
Wheat and Other Grains.
•WHEAT— Chicago reported more sellers than
buyers at the lower range of prices, but the
selling seemed about exhausted. Shorts cov
ered in anticipation of the double holiday, as
there will be no session there to-morrow. Liv
erpool reported Bombay bidding for Wheat. As
the day advanced the feeling became firmer,
with the outside markets leading. There was
a good shipping and speculative demand. I It
was feared that the heavy chartering of vessels
by England would advance freights and cause
an accumulation of Wheat at Chicago.
The local market 'was dull and not materi
ally changed.
Spot Shipping, $1 07%@l 08%; milling.
U 3*491 tf-
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 18%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning — December — s2,ooo
ctls, SI 13%; May— 2ooo, $1 18%; 2000, $1 18%.
BARLEY— It is reported that 5000 tons have
been shipped from bay and San Joaquln points
to New Orleans, to be shipped thence to Europe '
by steamer.
The market was firmer, but business was
light.
Exports from this port thus far this crop
year amount to 1,578,912 ctls, valued at $1,684,553.
The movement on this account is large this
year.
Feed, 75(5-Ssc; Brewing, 90@97^c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — sales.
Second Session— No pales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
4000 ctls, 85; 2000, 85'^: December— l2,ooo, 87.
OATS The market continues slow at un
changed quotations. Offerings of white are
limited. White, $1 Cs@l 22& ; Red, $1 05@l 15;
Black. 92%c#$l O2'&. '
CORN— DuII. Eastern large Yellow, $1 05;
White and mixed. $1 02V,@i 05 per ctl.
RYE— 9O@Mo per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6033 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $8 40i@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40<0 3 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $3 25(83 40 far bakers, and $2 25@3 for bu
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In Backs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73 ; Rye
Meal. $2 50, Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 6054 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck-
Wheat Flour, $4(&M 25; CracKed Wheat $3 75:
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 £0; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 5506 95; In eacks. $6 35@6 75-
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues weak an.l dull under free re
ceipts. There Is nothing new In Feedstuffs.
BRAN - 116 50917 M per ton.
MIDDLING - $17 60013 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $17 COOI3 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at th» mill. $28027; jobbing
$27 6Cg2B; Cocoanut Cake, $2lh/21; Cornmeal,
$23 50@24 50; Cracked Corn, $24^25: Mixed Feed
$16«f 16 60; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, J7ffB 50 tor common to good
and $9@9 26 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $80
8 60; Oat. $608; Barley, $5@7; Island Barley,
$54?5 50; Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed
$6 60(g9.
STRAW— per hale.
Beans and Seeds.
Large White are hpld still higher, owing to
reported short supplies on the river. Pinks are
weak. The other descriptions are firm and
unrrtnnged.
BEANS— Bayou. $1 8091 90: small white,
$2 20<g2 30; Large White, $1 90@2; Pinks, $190
@>2; Reds. $3 73: Black-eye, $3@3 25; Butters,
nominal; Limns. $4 25; Pea, $2 15@2 80; Red
Kidneys, $2 lag 2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2>,4isj:3c; Yellow
Mustard, 3%@4c; Flax, nominal; Canary,
3>,40 per Ib for California and 4c for Kastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2V<tt3c; Hemp, 4@4i.4c-
Timothy, AIHV.C. '
DRIED PEAS— *1 50@l 65; Green. $1 75
©1 90 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market Ftands about the same. With the
exception of Tomatoes, which still glut the
market, the summer A'egftahles continue to
advance slowly under decreasing supplies. Po
tatoes and Onions aro quiet.
POTATOKH--P.iv,>r J;cJs. 60@70c: Karly Rose,
41550 c; Rurhankn. 45©70 c per ctl; Salinas Bur
bank?, 90cfi{! K>; Oreeon Rurbanka, 75c; Sweet
PotatMS, 7;c't(Jl 25 for Rivers and $1 40 for
Men '■■!
ONIONS— 6O®7O<3 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50®
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 2@3c per lb-
String !'■■ ans, 2@3c; ma Beans. 2@3%c; Cab
bage. 40@50c; Tomatoes. 10@25c; Egg Plant
4flff?:>oc: Green Okra, 80@65c per box- Dried
Okra, rj'-..r per lt>: Garlic, 2@3c; Green Pen
pers, 40@50c for Chill and r.O-!i"c per box for
Bell; Carrots. 30@40c per sack; Hay Cucum
bers, 2. r .ff4oe: Pickles. $1 60 per ctl for No. 1 and
Me for No. 2: Summer Squash, 40050 c; Marrow
fat Squash, J: /7 50 per ton; Green Corn, 75c@
$1 per crate and 25®50c per sack.
Poultry and Game.
Three mrs of Eastern will be put on the mar
ket to-morrow.
Game sold at a very wide rang-?, according
to condition. Most of it arrived in bad condi-
I tion ami went at bottom auotatlons, while the
i little good stock that came In sold high. The
ranee Is riven below.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 15@16c for Gob
blers and 15®16c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16®
17c: Geese, per pair, $1 7."T;2: Goslings, $1 75«2-
Ducks, $4ffri for old and $4 50(&6 for young;
Hens, $4 "■•.,.". 50: Young Roosters, $4 Bo@s 50;
Old Roosters, 54 6005; Fryers, $4; Broilers,
13 2303 60 for large. J3@3 25 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25'J?1 DO per dozen for old and $1 75@2 25 for
; Squab*.
GAME— Quail, $1 !?fl 75; Mallard, $3fr3
-: Sprig, $:!iiS; Teal, J2®s; Widgeon. J2-U3; Small
1 Duck, $1 5002 50; Doves, 60@75c per dozenj
; Hare, $1 85@1 60; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontalla
< and $1 25 for small; Gray Geese. $2 50@3; White
j $1 CO; Brant, $1 75@2; English Snipe, $2 50 per
dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Kegs continue to advance slowly. Butter
and Cheese are In sufficient supply and quiet
at unchanged quotations.
BUTTER-?
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 2(5@27c; seconds.
M©26c.
Dairy— Fancy, 23<<T24c: good to choice, 21®
22c: store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 21%@22>4c; flrkln, 21®21^c;
creamery tub, 22^®23V&c per lb.
Eastern, n>,ic lor ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie: old. 10@
lOMtc; Young America, lli<?llHe; Eastern, 14®
15c.
EGGS — Quoted at 22M;@27 4c for store and 33g>
37c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 25@27%c for
selected, 23@24c for No. 1 and 20!g22%c for sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Quinces are In better demand and firmer.
Apples are quiet and rather weak. Peaches and
Plums are getting scarcer and firmer all the
time.
Table Grapes are in smaller supply and stead
ier. Wine Grapes show no weakness.
Fresh Limes are expected to-morrow.
Berries are doing better.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35(3'&0c per box for common and 60c
'fjSl for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $3 SO<g>s per chest;
Strawberries, $9®lo per chest for small and J2@
$ 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 25<5'5 per
chest; Huckleberries, s@7c per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries, JG 00 per bbl; Cape Cod Cranber
ries, 18.
Grapes. 30®40c for Black, 35@40c for Muscat,
35@60c tor Tokay, 40®50c for C'ornlchon; crates
sell 10-5 li.c higher; Wine Grapes, $22'(f25 per ton
for Zinfandel, $20<g'23 for other black and $15®
20 for White.
Watermelons, $S(£ls per 100.
Cantaloupes, 75c©$l 50 per crate; Nutmegs,
40<260c per box.
Pomegranates— per box.
Pears, Bartlett, $1 5C@l 75 per box; Winter
Pears, 40(<i7riO per box.
Figs, 35@50c per box for double layers of
black.
Peaches, DOcffiJl per box.
Plums and Prunes, 30c®Jl per box and
crate.
Quinces 40@"65c per box.
CITRUS KKUITS — Lemons, $I^2 for com
mon and $3"54 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes. S809; California Limes. Jl'ail 50; Ba
nanas, Jl 60@2 50 per bunoh; Pineapples, Jl®
2 50 uer dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The week clo.=ed on a firm and active market.
Prunes being the only exception.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 5Hc for
40-50' s, 4Vic for 60-CO's, 3&c for 60-70' 8,
3',ic for 70-SO's, B®3tto for 80-90' s and
2&<g>2%i,c for 90-100's; Apricots, lOigllc for
Koyals, U@lsc for Moorparks and 12®
12V40 for Blenheims; Peaches. 6ftf'6c for Stand
ards, 6Vi@"c for choice and "H<3-i>c for fancy;
peeled Peaches. Il(ijl2c; Evaporated Apples, 6
®6Vic; Sun-dried. 4(cjoc per lb; Nectarines, TVs
®bo per lb for red and B®9c for white; Pears,
b'tj'ic fur Quarters and 7V4@Sc for halves; Black
Figs, Sc; White Figs, 6@6'.£c; Plums, 5Vi!@6Q for
dark and 7®7V4c for bleached.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c: standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached ThomDson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, SHe; choice, "vie; standard, 6^c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes," Be; 2-crown loose Muscatels, ii^c;
3-crown. 6c; 4-crown. 6Hc; London Layers. 2
crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California. .
NUTS-Walnuts, Bi4c for standards and 8&c
for soft3hell; Almonds, lOugn^c for paper
shell, sa!'<" for soft and <@jc for hardshell;
Peanuts, tiK<{i>s\c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts, B%@9c; Filberts, llSlli^c;
Pecans, 7Vi@Sc; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and lO^c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7 1^(ja7 1 /4e;
light amber extracted, 6Vi@7c; dark, s'/ac per
BEESWAX— 24<£?26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9o per lb for heavy,
9^®loc for light medium, ll^c for light, ISc for
extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13Hc; California Hams, 13c;
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess. Jl2 50; Fam
ily. $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 DO; extra clear,
}16 &0; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6g6Hc per lb for
compound and 7^c for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c; 10-lb tin?, B%c; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%®7Hc i er lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brand! sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted ;
steers, ll@ll%c; medium. lOMiC; light, 10c: Cow
hides. 9\4©l6c; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip. 9c: Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls ami brands,
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings. 20i@.30c each; short
Wool 354260 c each; medium. 70(S'90c; lor.* Wool,
90c©*l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2@2 25 for
large and $1 2601 60 fcr small, Colts. 25#50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%^5c per lb; No.
2, '' \'^c: rennpd, ; grease, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Clips— Valley Oregon, 17ifjlSc;
Eastern Oregon, 12(gllc for choice and o©llV4c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— Joaquln Lambs, 8@10c: do
plains, "dfSc; San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain, 7 L 9c; Northern free, 9®llc; do, defect
ive. 7^<fflO. per lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 10@12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The trade continue to quote the old prices.
Supplies are fair.
BEEF- 7©7->tC per lb for Steers and 6H<37c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©7% c; Ewes, 6%@7c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B©BHc per !b.
PORK— Live Hogp, s^>®s%c for small. B^c for
medium and s^4@s\4c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, 6Vi@i%c; dressed Hogs, 7@SV&c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7%c: Wool
Bags, 26!g'28c: Fruit Bags. fi^c, EM;O and
6c for three grades of white and T@l\ic for
bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton, fS; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, 16; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch. JS; Cumberland. $9 CO in bulk and $10 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Oannel. SS per ton: Rook Springs and Castle
Gate, $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $11 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb hags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, B^c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated, 4?sc; Confectioners' A, 4%c: California
A. — ; Magnolia A, 4V4c: Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4^4c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels. '4c
mere; boxes, '4c more: 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half -barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6%c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7.
Flour, qr sks 8.3 M Sugar, sks 1.500
Wheat, ctls 4,1^4 Fupar, bhls 2,000
Barley, ctls G.3l't Wine, gals 14,200
: Oats, ctls 1,64' Leather, rolls • 86
I Corn, ctls SOlHops, bales 307
I Cheese, ctla 36 Wools, bags 97
Butter, ctls 130 1 Hay, tons 340
Tallow, ctls 280 iirandy. gals 1,200
Beans, sks 3.«:,4 Eggs, dozen 5,130
Potatoes, sks 8.191 Raisins, boxes... 1,400
pnKras, sks 900 Hides, No 255
T.ran sks 1,810 Pelte bdls 209
Middlings, eks .. TOl
OREGON.
Flour qr eks 4,264 Potatoes, sks .... 713
Wheat, ctls 107 Uran, sks 3.400
Oats, ctls 1,512
THE STOCK MARKET.
Trading in securities was brisk for Saturday,
but quotations remained about the same.
There was no change in mining stocks, sales
being small:
Yesterday's reports from the pump were as
follows: "No. 1 elevator has been running con
tinuously. At 6:30 o'clock this morning the wa
ter was 24 feet 6 inches below the 1950-foot level
station. The new castings have arrived. Will
start this morning- taking out No. 2 elevator."
"There is net any danger of the water reach-
I Ing the 1960-foot level. To prevent wastage of
the pressure water we are required, when we
desire to stop pumping for two or three hours,
to give the water company two hours' notice,
that they may store the water. By the stop
pages made lately there has been a saving of
pressure water, and the water company desired
this. We will not permit the water to reach
the 1950 level."
The Reward Gold Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of 2V4 cents
per share, delinquent November 4.
The California Marble Company of Inyo
County has levied an assessment of 5 cents
per share, delinquent November 6.
The Eureka Consolidated assessment of 10
cents per share will be delinquent in the boards
to-morrow.
The Bunker Hill and Sullivan mine of Idaho
paid a dividend of $21,000 on the 4th.
The Parrott mine of Montana will pay a divi
dend of $1 60 per share on the 12th.
The Mammoth mine of Utah paid a dividend
of $40,000 on the 4th.
The Swansea mine of Utah will pay a divi
dend of $5000 on the 10th. making $241,000 in all
to that dote.
The report from the Standard Consolidated
mine for the week states that the south drift,
Bullion vein, 200 1 v.-l. showed 36 Inches of old
fillings of very good grade. Raise 2. No. 10
vein, had IS inches ore in the top, value not
stated. Raises 5 and 7, same vein and level,
had 16 inches and 14 Inches respectively, of fair
grade ore in their tops. Raise 1. Fortuna vein,
582 level, had S Inches good ore in the top. The
north drift, Fortuna vein, 696 level, had an B
lnch vein in the face; value not stated. The
north drift, 470 level, had a small vein in the
face. The winze in C vein, 470 level, had high
grade ore in the bottom. The stopes in the
Moyle, .East, New, Security, No. 10, Maguire,
Fortunay C. C D and D and E ledges, on the
V . 270, 31$, 336. 470, f>2S and 682 levels yielded
the usual quantity of fair to good ore. At the
mill only 137 Vi tons of ore were crushed for the
week, as there was a shut-down of four days
owing to a scarcity of water at the power
plant at Green Creek. Average assay vanner
tailings, $10 03. Concentrates produced, half a
ton; assay value, $241 56; plate amalgam pro
duced, S141& troy ounces; value per ounce, $2 69;
tailings plant No. 1 treated, 160 tons tailings for
the week; plant No. 2 treated 51 tons tailings.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock. IM.IT.W.T. j F. I S.
Alpha 04 04 04 1 04 04
Alta 08 04 04 04 04 05
Andes 11 10 12 12 : IS 12
Belcher 25 23 23 23 26 26
Best & Belcher 28 37 39 39 i 42! 41
Bullion 041 04 04 04! 05 05
Caledonia 76 74 73 75 ! 75 74
Challenge 28 28 30 28 i 33 33
Chollar 41 1 40 40 40 43 43
Con Cal & Va 1 50 1 45 1 45 1 50:1 50 1 80
Confidence 70 70 70 70 83 80
Crown Point IS IS IS 18 19 18
Gould & Curry 38 36 37 37 42 40
Hale & Norcross SO 29 28 31 38 36
Justice OS 07 07 OS 08 07
Mexican 38 35 35 35 38 37
Ophlr 105 99100100105105
Overman 23 20 22 22 23 22
Occidental 22 21 21 21 21 21
Potosi E6 54 52 64 69 68
Savage 26 25 25 24 29 28
Standard 3 30 3 50 .... 3 25 3 05 3 05
Sierra Nevada 09 67 67 68 721 72
Union 39 37 39 40: 41 41
Utah 13 12 12 13 13 13
Yellow Jacket 29 27 27 281 30 1 30
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Oct. 7—13 m.
TT _ _ . Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— I Mutual El Co. 13 15"-4
Is quar coup.. — — OGL & H — 50
4s quar reg.... — — i Pac Gas Imp.. 65% —
4s <juar new... - 111* Pac L Co 41 —
Ss quar coup..lOSV4lo9 IS F O & E.... 64% —
Miscellaneous— San Fran — ' as*
Cal-st Cab Ss.llSH — Stockton Gas., U —
C C Wat 65.. 108 109 Insurance-
Ed L, & P tis.iau — Firem's Fund 225 —
F & Cl Ry 65. 114 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st It ss. — 95 Ang!o-Cal 63 70
HC & S 5Mi5.106 — Bank of Ca1..35l 400
L A Ry 65... .105%— Cal SD & T.. 97 08
LAL Co 65.. 93 — First Nationl.. — 245
D gntd 65.. 99 — l,on p & A....L25V4 —
Do gntd 55.. — — Mer Exchange — 18
iLA & P R 58.103 — Nev Nat 8k..153 190
Market-st 65..125V4129 ; Savings Hanks-
Do Ist M 55. 115 — i Ger S & L...1650 1750
NCN G R "8.112 — Hum S & L..1050 11U0
N Rof Cal tis.ll4 — I Mut Say 8k... — 4*14
N Rof Cal 08. — 113%! S F Say U... 800 —
NPC R R Be. 105 10S Say & L So.. — S2U
NPC R R E5.100% — Sec Say 8k... - 310
N Cal H X "..-.ill — 1 Union T C 0.1400. 1400 1440
O G L & H 58.1084 — I Street Railroads-
Oak Trans 65. 11 l 111V4 i California ....120 —
Cm C Ry 6*.. — •— IGpary 50 —
P & Cl Ry 65..106V4108 ! Market-st 6314 63%
Pk &O Hy i:s.l!s — ' Oak 5L.& H. — M
Powell-st R6s. — 12114 Presidio 23 SO
Sac El O&R6a. — — Powder—
5 F & N P 55.114 114 Vi California ....150 105
6R & 3 JV55.114%115 E Dynamite .. ■ —
SRy of Cal 6s.lOBVj — Giant Con Co. UK 7S»i
S P of A 65.... — 11314 Vlgorit 2U 2"i
SP C 65(1905). — — : Sugar—
SP C «b(190«). — — Hana P C 0.... 13 4 14
S P C 6s(110l2)117%118 Haw C & S Co 9614 —
BPCIs eg bsilOZft — : Honokaa S Co 34% —
Bpßr 6s 122Vi122% Hutch S P Co. 30 —
S V Wat 65. -.114 11414 Kiiauea S Co.. — 30
S V W 45.... 103%— Mnkawell SC. — 60
SV W 45(2dm)101% — Onomea S Co. — 3SH
Stktn Gas 6?.. — 110 Paauhau S Co 36 2614
Water Stocks- - Miscellaneous —
Contra Cost... 6SVi 69 Al Pac Assn.. llB 120
Matin County. '■•(' — Mer Ex Assn.. — 108
Spring Valley. loo94lol Oceanic S Co.. SBSi $8
Gas and Electric— Puc A F A — 1% —
Central Gas Co — — Pac C Bor C 0.145 —
Cent Lft P... 5 — Par Paint Co. 8V4 —
Equit G L Co. 5*4 6 I
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Equitable Gas 6 87^4 |
6 Giant Powder Con 78 «2v»
5 Giant Powder Con 7S 75
210 Hana Plantation Co 14 00 j
25 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 75
20 Hutchinson SP Co 30 50 |
10 Market Street Railway 64 00 I
10 Market Street Railway 63 75
75 Mutual Electric Light C 0.... 15 00
125 Paauhau S P Co 36 00
10 Paauhau S P Co, s 90 36 00
25 Presidio Railroad X 00
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE.
fi@3^ W^- &&*» £&
tuesday at*7l CLOCK at THE
ORMONDE SALE STABLES,
1517-1519 MISSION STREET.
between" eleventh and twelfth.
Of choice Vund well-broke young horses
Just from the country. We will be pleased to
hitch and show the above stock in harness any
time up to day of Bale.
S. WATKINS A CO., Auctioneers.
N. B.— Sales of horses direct from the country
every Tuesday at 11 a. m. .
fe JUST ARRIVED, £*
FORTY head of DRIVING, DRAFT ana WORK
HORSES. Well broken. Matched teams.
Horses weighing 1000 to ISOO. Also two fine
Saddle Horses, very stylish.
CHASE A MENDENHALL,
(Successors to Killip & Co.),
Live Stock Auctioneers,
1732 Market street, corner Van Ness.
2." S F Gas & Electric Co 65 00
60 S P Gas & Electric Co 64 75
58 S F Gaslight 3 60
$50uO S F & X P Railway Bonds 114 00
$2000 S F A s .1 V Bonds 114 75
50 Spring Valley Water 100 874
$1000 Spring Valley 6s 114 50
$10,000 Spring Valley is (3d mortgage).... 101 50
£00 United States os 108 00
Street—
100 Equitable Gas 5 874
19000 Market Street Cable 6s ....12s 75
90 Paauhau S P Co 36 00
$300 United States 3s 10S 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
36 Giant Powder Con 79 00
100 Equitable Ops 5 874
50 Hana Plantation Co 14 12<*
15 Onomea Sugar Co 38 12^-j
$3000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 105 50
10 Market Street Railway 64 00
35 S F Gas A Electric Co 64 874
CO Spring Valley Water 100 75
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales on the Ban
Francisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 06 1 100 Hale & Norc.. 36
200 Belcher 26 200 Mexican 35
600 Best & Belcher 41 200 Overman 22
100 PotOSl 57 100 Potosi 68
2CO Con Cal & Va..l 75 300 Sierra Nevada. 72
600 Gould & Curry 40
The following -were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
! 200 Alpha Con 05 100 Ophir 100
150 Con Cal A Va..l 75 200 Overman 22
300 Gould & Curry 41 1 100 Potosi S3
60 Mexican 37 100 Sierra Nevada. 70
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, October 7.. 12 m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid.Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 07 OS
Alta 04 <<«, Kentuck 03 03
Andes 12 13 Lady Wash'gtn 01 02
Belcher 23 27 Mexican 36 3S
Best & Belcher 40 41 Occidental .... 21 23
Bullion 05 Ofi pphir 100 105
Caledonia 74 75 Overman 21 22
Chollar 42 IS Potosi 57 63
Challenge Con. 33 Jo [Savage 27 2%
Confidence 80 85 pcorplon 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 75 1 SO'peg Belcher.... 04 05
Con Imperial... — C2; Sierra Nevada. 71 72
Crown Point... 18 19 Silver Hill 02 OS
Con New York — 03 Standard 305 —
E Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate 06 —
I Eureka Con — 60 Bt Louis 07 —
j Exchequer — 02 Union Con 41 42
Gould & Curry 33 41 Utah 13 U
Hale A Norc. 35 36 fellow Jacket.. 30 31
Julia — 031
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogxaphto Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 7, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. 11. S. N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Lott
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tl^es are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order "f occurrence as to time. This
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column th* third tlda
and the laat or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
re f er ence Is the mean of thp lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 7.
Stmr Corona, Hall. 62 hours from San Diego,
etc.
Stmr Columbia, Uoran. 57U hours from Port
land, via Astoria 44U hours.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. 5 days from As
toria, etc.
U S Etmr Solace, Dunlap. 85 days from Ma
nila, via Guam 26 days, via Yokohama 17 days.
Br stmr Benmohr. Wallace, 22 days from
MoJI, via Kobe 21 dayg.
Hark Prussian, Jensen, 8 days from Port
Bl&keley.
Schr Sparrow, Dart. 8 days from Eureka.
Continued on Page 18.
1920
DEMOCRATIC AXES ARE
OUT FOR MAJOR GEARY
Protests Against His Nomina
tion Filed With the Mayor.
Disaffection in the Local Party at the
Domination of Phelan Develops Into
Ugly Charges,
THE local nomocracy was in a I
trance yesterday. The roar and '
rowdyism of the closing scenes of (
the municipal convention were still
In the ears of the delegates and j
they were wondering how it happened
an.l what it was all about. Upon one
point, however, many of them ha.i i
reached an emphatic conclusion. hey •
are determined if possible to have Major
Dennis Geary dragged from the ticket. |
The opposition to the Democratic nomi
nee for County Clerk is bitter. The dis
affected delegates are circulating all sorts
of stories mid insist that for the sake of
the rest of the ticket Geary should be
compelled to retire He was stubbornly
fought in and out of the convention, and
now that lie has snatched the victory of
a • mi Lion from his enemies they are
more than ever determined to make his
political horizon a gloomy one.
Major Geary is a political expedient. Ha
was nominated for County Clerk not for
any qualilicatior.s which he may possess,
but for certain vote-possessing elements
which he Is supposed to represent. When
liia name was first suggested by Mayor
PhAlaxi and Gavin McXab there was a
howl of Indignant protest, which the
Mayor and McXab ignored. Petitions
were sent to Mayor Phelan, but they were
of no avail: Democrats, seeking nothing
and asking nothing but the success or
their party, pleaded against the nomina
tion of Geary. But Mayor Pheian would
not listen. His friends argued with him,
but to no purpose. Ha had settled upon
Geary and hi a word was law.
The Mayor, as prime manipulator or
the affairs of the local Democracy, con
tended that the slate as arranged was
sadly deficient In two respects. As a vote-
Inducing instrument it was defective in
two particulars, which his Honor, in his
political wisdom, determined to correct.
He prklos himself upon his political abil
ity and he arrived at a conclusion, satis
factory to himself, that a Jew and a mili
tary man should be placed upon the mu
nicipal ticket as vote catch, Geary
was the military man chosen and Mayor
Phelan and McNab slated him for the
nomination of County Clerk.
The news of this arrangement was no
sooner circulated than protests began to
arrive at headquarters. The objections
were rot made in behalf of any other
candidate-, although there were several.
The objectors presented themselves as
Democrats to Mayor Phelan and pleaded
that Geary's record would not bear in
spection, and that any decent man would
be acceptable to them.
One of the first to file a protest was
Martin \V. Fleming, who was a supporter
of M. C. Haley, but for no stilish pur
pose. Fleming had been Chief Deputy
County Clerk under Haley, but now he
seeks no public office and will accept
none. Knowing Geary well, Fleming went
personally to Colonel ■William P. Sulli
van, the secretary of Mayor Pheian, and
protested against the nomination of
Geary. Not satisfied with this, Fleming
sent i. letter of protest to Mayor Phelan
and gave what he believed to be good
reasons why Geary should not be placed
upon the municipal ticket.
"As a Democrat and a citizen," said
Mr. Fleming yesterday, "I protested in
person to Colonel Sullivan and in writ
ing to Mayor Pheian against the nomi
nation of Major Geary. I was in favor
of no particular candidate for County
Clerk. Brown, Baldwin, Haley or any
other decent man would have been ac
ceptable to me, for my only Interest in
the matter was a desire to see nominated
a good, clean ticket. I objected there*
fore to the nomination of Major Geary
because of my knowledge and estimate
of his character. My protests were ig
nored."
Mr. Fleming was not by any means the
last of the Democrats to plead with
Mayor Phelan not to force Geary upon
the convention. On Thursday last Mau
rice P. Loewensteln, one of the promi
nent younger men of the Democratic con
vention, called upon Mayor Phelan nad
gave his Honor an insight into Geary's
career as an insurance agent. Loewen
stein begged Pheian for the sake of the
local Democracy not to nominate the
major. The pleading fell upon deaf ears,
and on Friday night Geary was still the
slated candidate for County Clerk.
Mayor Phelan was In the convention
hall, and again Loewensteln and his
friends begged that Geary be withdrawn.
They insisted that his nomination would
be a serious Injury to the entire ticket.
But the Mayor was obdurate. He had
placed Geary on the slate and there he
would remain. The Mayor stood in the
wings of the stage and met the objectors.
Dr. Washington Dodgw, the nominee for
Assessor, pleaded with the Mayor to lis
ten to reason. Loewenstein threatened to
take the stage and ten what he knew
Isidor Gutte voiced his protest. Franklin
K. Lane, City and County Attorney,
begged, but it was all to no purpose, and
ADVEBTISEJIENTS.
LOOK JM
at tlie JHfl
llf vio* J^^^
Mrs. T. Dolan, of §jjj|j "^^L f^f^^
Madrid, Perkins Co., jjßS^^^ //SjJ^-'*
Neb., writes: :\^Bf^Mg^
was cured of paintul^^£\
periods by the use *$i||i^»JllgK
• of Dr. Pierces Fa- us*&^^£m *^
vorile Prescription, '^^5hHKBv~
and his 'Compound /^tzHH^l^
Extract Qf Smart- v^ Treffi?£~TOi '~"
Wet--.' 1 think Dr. -N tsB®ss^
Pierces medicines •„* WF^*^*" 7
the best in the ; ifs^jvV
Mrs. Carrie B. '1 -''ifiVvTC \^^*"
Dormer, of Dayton, x<j t^^~.
ing taken it for nine "^ll'li'ji \\j\f%. tisM
jnonths previous to \Vf ji?L_
confinement. I suf- jjl! 1 !" /\
fered scarcely any wg&N^ || ffXlf
compared with what >^S
I had at other W\/-fQ'
" I suffered fifteen rpv^'^VSLj^^./
years with female f *^S^^^S
weakness and nerv-
ousness,"\-mtes Mrs. MmR iM^M-
Vincent Bohall, of IJIjT
Franklin, Johnson \?Hil 1L
Co., Indiana. "One /V* xifi'^jK^
year ago I began j/'M/.f M^k.
taking your ' Favor- ffift/&£r¥*£ ! '
ite Prescription 'and vX^-Nwa
'Golden Medical wsMiFtyr &'
Discovers-.' I took c-;. $Mso\~ '
si:c bottles of each {&\^^^^^
and now lam well. \S la ftßSffcJ
1 1 owe my life to Dr. 2 mßk§t|<Pi|
Geary was nor:. I dthful
: (n am i mined
■
not by
- ■ n the local
■ra< ■ Many or the rank and file
ring if .As .
ticket. I
: that two men 'lit of hi
n to hirnwe!*". ivi'd
municipal i .-•. ime of his em
. who has
other Is P. J. <";:nis. v. eived
■ dis
! ar
■ . ■ i As
-1 ■ : ■ rts of
Mission for example, are
itation on the
■
NOMINATIONS RATIFIED.
! Central Rej i Committee
Concludes Its Labors and
Thp <"\->:ura] Republ! mlttee held
Its :. tuarters in
the Grand Hoi i it witl
In the chair and
. a lar£<? number or' m< ml rs pr sent.
Res d ratifying the
nominations of the Reput'
' and pledging the earnest support of the
. committee In their behalf. An appeal
'■ was also made to all g< od i Itizens to
| rally to the standord of municipal r
Z. U. Dodge was a]
of one to confer with Chairman Kellogg
: In the appointment of the eighteen cqun
ity committeemen at large. An audiing
i committee to wind up the financial af
i fairs of the centra' I also
appoil -:<Tlncr of H^nry T. Scott,
b Hyman and Jamr-s T. W
The committee decided to n '
Into the Horace Davis Central Republi
can Club, which will establish headquar
j ters In the History building, 72.i Market
; street, and have for Its ol j< i ■ the •
j of the Republican candidate for the May
; oraJty.
Votes of thanks wer^ extended to Presi
dent Henry T. Scott, Vice President Jo
seph Hyman. Secretary James A. V.
Assistant Secretary Addison T. Kittridge,
Chairman of the Execi tivi Committei Z
U. Dodge and H. C. HeA for their
untiring labors as members of the com
oe.
After an informal discussion regarding
the organization of Assembly district
clubs in the interests of the Republican
ticket the meeting adjourned sine die
BRITTON HAS RETIRED.
He Declines the Honor of the Repub
lican Nomination for Supervisor.
The following communication has been
sent to the chairman of the Republican
Municipal Convention and speaks for it
self:
"PAX FRANCISCO. Oot 7, 1899
"Mr. Sheldon G. Kell tgg, chairman Re
publican Convention and the Republican
County Committee— Dear Sir: Thanking
your convention for the unsought honor
done me by placing my name on your
municipal ticket for Supervisor to" be
for at the election of November '
next, I ask you to please take my name
therefrom.
"My reason for asking you to do this Is, i
you have named a man : • tho
principal offices In the people's gift who
Is a party to a suit now before the Su- j
preme Court to destroy the charter under :
which he now peeks to be elected.
"Next, I Rm an admirer of our prepent ■
Mayor, James D. Phelan, and I would
consider it a moral crime, after the hon
orable course he has pursued In the man- '
agement of the affairs of this city and
county, to fail to support him or "to do
anything that would in any way tend to
Injure the prospects of his success in the
coming ele
"I also feel it my duty to support Mr
Dodge for Assessor. I remain, yours
truly, JOSEPH BRITTON "
People's Party Nominees.
The Municipal Convention of the Peo
ple's party met last night and completed
its labors. The members of the conven
tion decided not to place a complete ticket
In the field, and contented themselves
with the following nominees:
Mayor, It. Porter Ashe; Auditor, Asa R
Wells; Treasurer, Louis Peusier; Re
corder, \Y. Z. Tiffany; Assessor, Albert
Heyer; Tax Collector, Jos. Henry S
Coroner, Dr. C. C. O'Donnell; Public Ad
ministrator, John Farnham; County
Clerk, William A. Deane; Sheriff, John
Lackmann; Supervisors— Major Charles
Boxtor., Nathan Blbo and Henry a
Tessmer.
SUSANNA BROWN'S WILL.
A Large Estate Is Bequeathed Rela
tives and Public Charities.
The will of Susanna Brown, who died
September 27, leaving an estate of large
value, was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeaths $250 each to William
D. and Frank Newland, sons of Kathor
!r:<? N'Gwlan.i; Mabel Patch of Beverly
Mass., Walter B. Raymond of Roxburv'
Mass.. Ella Raymond of Beverly, Mass '
Pimothy 1 >. Raymond of this city, Eliza
beth Green of Deer Isle, Me., Stephen W
Sullivan and George A. Green, Clara a"
; Williams. Lydia E. Manter, Annie L
! Small, Elvira P. Collins and Ada and
I Hattie Torsey of Gloucester, Mass. Other
! bequests follow: To Rev. Joseph Worces
i t»-r, pastor of Swedenborgian chun-h of
I this city, $2000; to Margarei Cooper of San
Carlos, < "ai., $50; to Catherine MacWll
llams of 220 Walnut street, $50: to Kmma
J hnson and Wilhelmina Frieden of this
! city, $100 each; to the Protestant Orphan
Asylum, 1600; to the <\.<ji.»>r Medical Col
lege, $6000; to the Hospital for Children
; mid Training School for Nurses of San
Francisco, SCuOo; to Thomas C. Kierulff
and Albert C. Hooper, In trust to erect an
archway at the Haipht-strect '-ntrar.ee of
the park, to be inscribe and dedicated as
j the gift of decedent's latr. husband. RJch
| ard Brown, th« sum of $5000; to the s:tm"
1 trustees, for the benefit of Katherlne
Newland, $5000. The residue of the estate
Is devised in equal shares to Thomas C
Klerulff and C. Hooper, who are named as
! executors, to serve without bonds. The
: will bears date of December 13. ifc&R, and
Is witnessed by Emelia Stnllman and An
toinette Stailman of this city.
Tamalpais Alumni Dinner.
The regular annual alumni dinner of the
Tamalpals Military Academy was held in
the banquet room of the California Hotel
last evening. About twenty-live members
were present, representing every gradua
tion since the foundation of the academy
Hudson Smythe of '95 acted ua
toaslmaf<ter and at his call every ore
and In turn said something
appropriate: to the occasion. Dr. A Croa
-1 master of the school, was pres
ent as a Bpecial guest of honor and added
his efforts to make the time pass nle.is
antlv and hannilv.
Park Music To-Day
Overture, "Fantastlque" Govert
Waltz, "Morning Journal" Strauss
Melodlei fr^.m "Donna Juanita".. Sunn*
"Irish Patrol" V.PeuanX
Entr'acte and Air de Ballet. "L* CM"
! Overture, "William Tell" ••."..*.'. Rcfss^ni
'Intermezzo from "Pagllaccl" Leon Cavallo
I Scenes from "Ba.Ho In Ma»chera" Verdi
: Menuet Padereweekl
i "American Republic," March Thk-re
■ ♦ ■ __
Hats, hats, hats. "Keith's" hats, hats,
hats. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899.
HALE BROS.
sterling silver
here is an elegant line of moderate
priced sterling silver articles of good
quality, suitable for wedding, birth-
day and other presents; your initial
will be engraved upon them free of
charge:
hair brushes and cloth brushes
$3.50 each I
powder boxes $3 each
souvenir spoons, orange knives, glove
stretchers $1.50
vaseline jars, napkin rings . $1.25 '
shaving brushes, match .boxes, pen ;
holders $1 each
shoe horns, button hooks, tooth
brushes, nail brushes, hat marks, let-
ter openers, valise tags, infant's
combs and paper cutters... soc each j
baby rattles, baby brushes, dress- i ;
ing combs, nail buffers, cigar cutters, j
manicure sets, pocket knives 75c j
roller blotters, curling irons, muci- j
lage bottles GOc each '
mustache combs, tooth brushes, j
nail flies, necktie clasps, umbrella
clasps 25c each | '
millinery
we are showing a line of pretty j
dress hats from our workrooms of ' i
skillful design and careful finish: !
good material has been blended with |
a high conception of millinery art; ■
we show two — one at $5 and the i ■
other at $7 :
ladies' and children's ready-to-weai I
hats, plain crowns; all nice styles and j
colors, from 50c to $12.50 each
ladies' and children's untrimmed
shapes in a variety of patterns and ;
colors 35c each '
10-inch black ostrich plumes; ex- ;
cellent value at 75c; our price thi«
week 40c each
flannels !
800 pieces wrapper flannel in dark I
colors; a very large variety of pat-
terns in stripes and figures. 10c yard i
flannels of good heavy quality, ■
Btripe patterns in light colors
7 c yard j
deimel linen mesh |
underwear
a porous linen fabric that ventilates
the skin, allowing it to breathe fresh
air and be healthy; send for booklet |
telling all about it. •
935-94-7 Market Street. * i
NAVAL HEROES RETURN
FROM THE SEAT OF WAR
Returning Officers of Warships Per
formed Temporary Duty on the
Homecoming Government
Transport.
Over two hundred naval officers and
sailors who have been engaged in warfare i
iii the Philippines retuj-ned to this cit* on
the naval transport Solace last night.
Most of them come home to receive hon
orable discharges either because of dis
ability or expiration of term of service, j
Brigadier General Funston, who was ex
pected to arrive on the naval transport, |
did not conn-. It is the opinion of the
officers on the Solace that he will arrive j
on one of tho transports which is en |
route from Manila.
The Solace left Manila on September 2.
She touched at Guam on September S) and
arrived at Yokohama on September IG.
For fight days after she departed from
the Beat of war strong head winds were
encountered, but the remainder of the
voyage was without interruption. At
'iuam David Duff, a boatswain's mate,
died of rheumatism. His body was taken
on shore and buried. There were about
twenty of the passengers ill when the yes
• i i atered port. Among them Is First
Lieutenant J. N. Love of the United
States army, who was wounded in the
nrm at Calamba. The others who are
Hick aie victims of climate and disease.
The following returning officers are serv
ing temporary duty on the Solace:
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
HALE BBOS.
■le'S garments for
?n have become
; this fall's styles enjoy
her distinctior^o^being
y low inH
«ur buyingM
ne early, I
rices wereß
at their ebb — before war prices wtreß
put on woolens, or 20 to 40 per cent!
less than present cost ot materials. ■
it bought to-day, no merchant couldß
sell such goods at the prices that^^^^^^^^J
! oi io w :^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^fl
cloaks and suits
30 fine kersey cloth jackets in tan
and castor and black, silk lined
throughout; 6-button double-breasted
front; notched rolling collar and fine-
ly tailored; worth $12; this week.....
* $9.45 each
"45 new plaid separate skirts In the
new fall colorings, circular effect,
lined with percaline; a perfect fitting
and well-made skirt; regular price $6;
this week $4.50 each
21 tailor-made suits in blue Ve-
netian and gray homespun cheviot;
6-button Jacket, strap finish and silk
lined throughout; skirt is well tail-
ored, strap finished, lined with per-
caline; a $15 suit; this week for
.$12.50 each
24 extra fine quality electric seal
capes, with ruffle around of brown sa-
ble; silk lined; high rolling collar;
a swell garment regularly sold at
$13.50; this week $10 each
10 dozen Venetian cloth shirt waists
in blue, red and hello and stripe
effects, with yoke and pleated back,
full front, adjustable collar; this is a
new and excellent value at...sl each
extra silks
extra good for the price; here are
three Items that are samples of the
opportunities that come often at
Hales.
black duchesse satin, guaranteed
to be all silk and best dye; full 20
inches wide, with superior finish
75c yard
corded silk in plain colors on satin
ground, in all the popular fall color-
ings for fancy waists; full 20 inches
wide $1 >' ard
fancy silk, something quite extra;
fancy stripe taffeta with small de-
signs in the new colorings; 19 inches
wide «Oc yard
colored dress goods
fancy plaids in rough Ziblline ef-
fects; the season's latest for separate
skirts; 44 inches wide 75c yard
colored Venetian cloths, the popu-
lar fabric for tailored gowns; comes
in all the fall colorings; 52 inches wide
$1 yard
fancy cheviot suitings, extra heavy
weight; all the new blues, browns and
greens; 50 inches wide $1 yard
Lieutenant A- F. Fechteler of the Con
cord, Lieutenant J. P. Parker of the Pe
trol. Lieutenant A. A. Ackerman of the
Oregon, Lieutenant Solon Arnold of the
Wheeling. Lieutenant R. B. .Higglns of
the Castlne, Lieutenant J. M. Ellicott of
I the Baltimore, Lieutenant H. W. Jones
of the Helena, Lieutenant E. H. Durell of
the Wheeling, Lieutenant A. H. Robert
son uf th<: Castlne, Lieutenant William
S. Montgomery of the Petrel, Lieutenant
Frank Lyon of the Oregon, Lieutenants
' R. C. Buimer and William S. Whitted
and Surgeon L. ML Atlee of the Benmng
ton and Assistant Surgeon Wheeler of
the Wheeling.
The following Is a list of officers who
are passengers;
Commander William T. Swinburne of
! tho Helena, Commander C. H. West of
! the Princeton, Commander P. Belknap of
j the Nero, Lleuu-nant Commander J. H.
Perry uf the Oregon, Lieutenant Com
mander H. Morrell of the Castlne. Lieu
tenant F. W. Kellogg of the Baltimore,
Ensign E. E. Hayden (retired) and First
Lieutenant J. M. Love, a wounded army
officer.
Ensign Hayden made the trip for his
health, and he was accompanied by his
son. Mrs. Schwichtenberg, an inspector
of White Cross nurses in the Philippines,
also made the return trip on the Solace.
Mrs. F. K. Hunt, wife of Pay Clerk Hunt
of Vallejo, was among the passengers,
and also Miss M. M. Hartley, an artist
from Nebraska. The Solace anchored in
the stream all night and will dock after
the quarantine officers board her thia
morning.
The transport Penns3'lvan!a, with the
Washington troopr*. departed from Yoko
! hama two days ahead of the Solace, Her
; commander intended to take the great
I circle course, which would bring him in
! latitude 4S. According to nautical calcu
j lations the transport should arrive to-day
I or early Monday.
HALE BROS.
Hale's linens wiirjHjj^B
be on show this week ; I
a goodness of good goods is no- I
where better shown than in Hale's I
linens: every thread I
I is contracted for direct I
I with the manuracturer I
I in large lots, enabling I
I us to get a uni.ormiy W^HBI^H
I good quality at a price totally<vnpos-
I stole with small buyers; this is the
I week to purchase table sets, linens,
I napkins, towels, toweling ; our table
I sets have extra large size napkins,
I 19 inches to 24 inches.
interesting items in
ladies' underwear
we have several broken lines of
pure wool, extra fine quality ladies'
ribbed equestrian drawers; to be
closed out because they are not com-
plete in sizes.
lot I—6o pairs best quality ribbed
equestrian drawers, full fashioned,
pure wool; in black only; knee length,
closed; sizes small; regular price
$2.25; will be closed out at....#l pair
; ot 2 — 48 pairs extra fine quality
pure wool equestrian drawers; in
black only; knee length, open; sizes
3, 4 and 5; regular price $1.50 pair; to
be closed out at #1 pair
lot 3—36 pairs natural gray pure
wool equestrian drawers, in small and
medium sizes; regular value $1.50;
will be closed out at $1 pair
lot 4—60 pairs ribbed black wool
equestrian drawers, fine heavy qual-
ity; knee length, -closed; sizes 3, 4 and
5; regular price $1.75 pair; will be
closed out at 91 P air
650 ladies' Egyptian cotton fleece
lined combinatlun suits, nicely fin-
ished, with pearl buttons and im-
proved flat seams; buttons down the
front; sizes small, medium and large;
regular price 40c; will be closed out
at 2."ic suit
480 ladies' fine quality imported all
pure wnol Swiss ribbed vests; high
neck and short ribbed arms in pink,
black and natural; sizes 3 and 4; reg-
ularly sold for $1; entire lot will b»
closed out at 7?>c each
300 ladies' imported Swiss ribbed
vests, all wool, low neck and no
sleeves; fancy hand crocheted yoke in
white, pink, blue and black: sizes 3,
4 and 5; regularly Eold at $1.50; en-
tire lot will be closed out at..sl each
trimming and notions
1500 yards dress trimming guimpe
In popular shades; some patterns do
not run through all colors, so they
b( came broken lines and must be sold
at broken-line prices; 15c, 20c, 25c
guimpes on sale on the center tables
this week 1 Oc yard
v 600 yards black and colored beaded
guimpes, V 4. inch to 3 i inch wide — 5c
and lOc yard
fancy colored silk applique trim-
mings in dainty patterns for evening
wear; 1 inch to 2^ Inches wide; 25c
to J£2.r»O yard
genuine mohair trimming braid in
black and colors; % Inch. 2c; 3 inches
1(5 2-:« c yard
900 dozen good quality white pearl
buttons in sizes 16, IS and 20.. 1 Tic doz.
60 wire hairpins in nicely finished
cardboard boxes 2c box
white agate buttons; half gross on
a card; Nos. 20 and 30 5c card
solid head brass pins, warranted not
to rust; 360 pins on a paper.. Tic paper
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Charles T. Arkena of the Rose mine Is
! at the Lick.
Willis Pike, a well-known raisin grower
j of Fresno, is at the Grand.
Superior Judge E. E. Gaddls of Wood
land is a guest at the Lick.
L. Stanford, a lucky miner from Daw
son, Is at the Palace with his wife.
Dr. C. E. Stone, a well-known physician
of Marysvllle, Is a guest at the Lick.
W. C. Johnson, a wealthy leather manu
j facturer of Maine, is at the Palace.
W. N. Harris, a prominent fruit man of
I Fresno, Is staying at the Occidental.
Professor C. A. Copeland has come up
! from Stanford, and is a guest at the Pal
! ace.
T. J. Brooke, ex-Mayor of Santa Rosa,
: Is among the arrivals of last evening at
I the Russ.
Dr. C N. Thomas came down from his
j home in Healdsburg, and Is registered at
I the Palace.
N. E. de Toe, a wealthy merchant of
'■ Modesto, is at the Lick for a short visit
to the city.
Thomas McCaffery, a prominent polltl-
I cian of Los Angeles, Is at the Grand for
' a short stay.
W. F. Pascal, a wealthy business man
, of Pasadena, is at the Occidental, accom
panied by his wife.
1 L. A. Beeksen, an extensive fruit
HALE BROS.
linens
150 table sets of pure white linen,
hemstitched, with one doz. napkins
to match,
cloths to fit any size table, from one
to ten designs —
cloths 2 yds long.. set $4.25 to $7.50
cloths 214 yds long.. set $5.25 to $11.00
cloths 3 yds long.. set $0.00 to $16.50
cloths 3M; yds long.. set $8.00 to $18.00
cloths 4 yds long.. set $16.50 to $20.00
white table damask, all pure linen
and a perfect white, in fine weaves
and extra heavy quality, for hotel
use —
62 in yard 40c
62 In., fine quality yard 50c
7n in yard 75c
72 in yard $1.00
72 in yard $1.25, $1.50 and $1.75
250 doz. table napkins, bleached, all
linen, of heavy quality —
21x21 In. .doz. $1.25 24x24 in. .doz. 53.25
22x22 in.. doz. $2.00 25x25 in..doz. $5.00
26x26 in.. doz. $6.00
a lace opportunity
we bought so heavily of new laces
this fall, comprising such a large lino
both in quantity and variety, that we
find it necessary to dispose of every
yard of lace that was in stock; there-
fore we offer about 15,600 yards of
good lace at a small percentage of
its value.
2600 yards black all-silk chantilly
guipure, pt de Gene and real hand
run laces, 3Vi to 15 inches wide; also
black and cream chantilly flouncing,
full skirt length in width (42 to 45
inches), worth $1.50 to $4 a yard; to
be closed out at 9Sc yard
4000 yards black and cream all-silk
laces, in chantilly, fedora, applique
and guipure, from 4 to 15 inches wide;
also black and cream all-silk chan-
tilly flouncing, full skirt length in
width (42 to 45 inches), and 42-inch
all-silk black figured net, worth $1 to
$1.50 a yard; to be closed out at. .4Bc
3500 yards black and cream all-silk
chantilly laces, 3 to 12 inches wide;
worth 50c to 75c a yard; to be closed
out at 25c yard
5500 yards lace, consisting of point
de Paris, Xormandie, Valenciennes,
Oriental, torchon, chantilly and fancy-
cotton laces, 1% to «S Inches wide;
worth 15c to 35c a yard: in two lots,
to be closed out at.. 9c and 15c yard
grower of San Jose, is among the arrivals
of yesterday at the Grand.
D. P. Wanner of Switzerland and Louis
Hlyman of Belgium are two travelers
from Europe who are at the Palace.
W. E. Robinson, the wealthy copper
mine owner of San Bernardino, is regis
tered at the Palace from Los Angeles.
B. U. Steinman, ex-Mayor of Sacra
mento, is registered at the Palace, where
he will remain for the next few days.
Dr. J. H. Wright, one of the foremost
medical men of Los Angeles, is at the
Grand on a short pleasure trip to the
city.
At the California, there are a number of
Stanford professors and students, who
came up to witness yesterday's football
game.
Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Valentine, two well
known society people of Los Angeles, are
among the recent arrivals at the Occi
dental.
Dr. C. S. Ingersol of Helena, Mont., is
at the Grand, where he arrived yesterday.
His visit to this city is for the purpose
of visiting the troops at the Presidio.
M. S. Kohlberg of the dry goods firm
of Kohlberg, Strauss & Frohman has just j
returned from a five-weeks business trip j
to New York and other Eastern cities.
State Stenographers Meet.
The California State Stenographers' As
sociation met yesterday at the City
Hall. Various committees were ap
pointed, many applications for member
ship were considered and accepted, and
arrangements made for the annual meet-
HALE BROS.
bed furnishings
2400 pillow cases, 45x36 inches, of
good heavy quality muslin, with 2-
inch hem »C each
white crochet bedspreads of 3-ply
yarn, hemmed and ready to use; size
72x84 inches; regular 90c value; at...
7."> c each
all-wool white blankets, 63x76
inches, pink and blue borders; $?>.'.<)
blankets; this week f0r.. .52.95 pair
hemstitched pillow cases, fine qual-
ity muslin:
45x36 inches.. lsc nnd 17 1 -2 c each
6 Inches 17c and iiOc each
54x36 inches.. 1 J>c and '22 1-Uc each
1650 twill pillow cases in two sizes,
bought at a big saving from an East-
ern manufacturer who was closing
(nit; no more when these are gone.
4.", x: J ,fi inches 12c each
50x36 inches 14c each
10 dozen comforters, figured silko-
line covered, white carded cotton, wool
knotted, double bed size. . ..!>."»c each
10 dozen laminated comforters, full
double bed size, figured silkoline cov-
ered, cotton tilled .52.2."> each
250 dozen sheets, bleached, for all
size beds; good quality muslin, with
2-inch hem:
34x90 inches 37c each
63x90 inches 30c each
72x90 inches 44c each
Slx9o inches 49c each
90x90 inches *>4c each
500 dozen Hale's double warp sheets,
heaviest and best made for hotel use;
come in all sizes.
54x90 inches 39c each
63x90 inches 42 l-2c each
72x90 inches 47 l-2c each
81x90 inches ."J4c each
90x90 inches 60c each
men's wear
men's cotton half hose In black and
tan, full seamless, good quality; at..
12 l-2c
men's winter-weight underwear In
natural and camel's hair; a good,
warm, wearable garment; bought to
sell at $1 7Oc
free catalog
of a thousand savings for people
who can't come to the store; it brings
shopping to the door of homes a mile
or a thousand miles away.
935-947 Market Street.
Ing, to be held next summer, at which
papers will be read on various subjects of
interest to the profession, the meeting to
conclude with a banquet.
The membership of this association
comprises representative stenographers
from all parts of the State, and is rap
idly increasing.
I" THE CREDIT HOUSE"
\ Six Stories High
1 AftjHK T Sj3H^Cs^^B|»jStf t £j
WKAzr & i
; ft-**- \^, I
i Ladies' Writing Desk in pol- i
; ished mahogany finish. Cres- ;
• cent shaped, beveled plate ;
! mirror. Ample compartments, !
; large lock drawer. Renais- ',
1 sance carved front and carved '
! French legs. A good desk for !
; a good home. Beauty and \
'security for your correspond- '
! ence $8.50 !
1 A hundred feet of aisle space de- (
I voted to desks in imported woods, <
i rich inlaying and carving, and metal i
1 and glass art-combinations for artis- .'
j tic homes. ■;';.' ]
Reduction of 50 to 75 per cent, on <
former prices on lace curtains, to '
close out broken lots: \ pair, pair, ,
pair I] 2 pair lots of Nottingham, <
Irish Point, Point de Calais and Bat- (
tenberg Curtains in ecru and white, !
90 cents pair up, to go in lots as (
quoted at these prices. (
Easy Chairs and plenty of room !
and light to assist the buyer in our (
drapery department.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Wilton Velvet, some choice pat-
terns with border to match, sewed,
lined and laid, 90 cents a yard.
Regularly $1.10.
Select one of our many patterns
of new high-pile carpets and we will
make an estimate for you, including
measuring and laying.
Our Electric Carpet Sewing Ma-
chine, the only one West of the
; Rockies, is a great comfort to our
patrons this warm weather— it saves
I them worry and time. ,
1 Free delivery. Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
! M FRIEDMAN d CO.,
( 233 to 237 Post St
i Open evenings Near StocktonK
\
t899
r¥ 9 s ToouipicK
) tight linn to
ortholess
i Fee] Like
a OnHimal and Rather
r Expe zq*
V 'YE served my time in jail.; It was (ha
longest tv.-.nty-fuur* .hours I , ever
t;-..:, but by 1:0 mean's the hardest'
JL twenty-four hours."
Mr. William B. Bradbury; million
aire cxpectoralor. lu-i released from the
Broadway 1::!!. is a wiser but not ;j sadder.
man. Mr." Bradbury enjoyed his tventy
•■! ha>: r. very guo;l time in jail." h
paid; blinking reflectively at tht diamond
..:■ ■: stopper tlia: freights his little
;;:.,•.,-. ' I : ■./■ a v»ry good time, indeed.
In jail," repeats Mr. Bra'abuf.v, squinting
at the two by four brilliant that seintii-"
I&te'd on hiS'coM'ee-Ftained ;;h;rt boHom.
"i was i-vcry L-it ar. conifcrtable in jail
n:. I am :.■!•," continued Mr! Bradbury:
"li'-rc" was tho pi'rl'ir "f the Bradbury
hotel; a. block below the family mansion
on V:;'n :."— - aveV.ue. I had Kta!ke.l Mr.
Bradbury there* with due tear and t'.'it
t^ring-. "i";h wiitten in Police Court an
nul:? that ■■..•: capricious capitalist has a
penchant fur throwing the unwelcome
guest downstairs. Iloweverl Mr. Brad
bury Bliowtd not the slightest; inclination
to thus Introduce me to th« marble flight.
"They put a:.- in tho \i-%\. room th-->y
had ::; jail." paid Mr. Bradbury. "It
wasn't at all bad. Of course, you can't
expect furniture like this !n jail." Mr.
Bradbury looked admiringly at the gor
geous cotton-back satin furniture In tho
hotel parlor. t "But for a Jail it was very
good, 'i'hn beti whs as comfortable and
clean as any J have ever slept in."
The millionaire exp»ctorater tells his'
experience !^ Jail with much unction and
no malice, i." neither s-truts nor squeals
cverihis incarceration! He regards It not
ea a feather !n his silk tile, nor yet as a
blot or. his escutcheon. To him it has
Veen simply an incident, and not an iiii-
Mr. Bradbury was told at 11 o'clock In
the morning that, despite his ducats, he
must ko to jail. At 2:3), in company with
the Sheriff and a bluecoat, the capitalist
left the hall of justice for the Broadway
"Kow did I feel riding to jail, did you
isk? Well, to tell th« truth, 1 forgot that
I was going to jail. We rode down on the
streetcar; you know, and I got to Iking
with the Sheriff about other things.
"Say, but do you kr.ow I came near
■pitting 0:1 the car again. I'm a great fel
low for chewing a toothpick, and that
always makes a man want to «xpec
t<- ate."
■
Mr. Bradbury's^tcngue shies :at the
word "expectorate" and' mus!:cs It', into'
"hv Jove," he continued.' "I -would have
s^i'':,V;<-fl- again ■'••f - -the -Sh'^rl*? 1 'li.odn-'t -
warned rir. just, in time. That toothpick
habit will take nif> to jail again before I
")Ve f K«t ,V° ill? ■•••*'' snei I was shown
Ijito a room, ijom? Nt my friends came to
sec ny juhl we talk.'-! until dinner time.
Tlif-y charred me about being in -jail and
! told Ih< :n .!'l^; as good and biggerjmen
than 1 have bw:i in jail. It ain't so much
■«•)-.<-!■•■ you ar<> as what you're thor» for.
"I wasn't In for murder; I'm riot a
burglar. .My life's as open as any othor
hem-st man's. 1 hadnM committed a crime
v.iii:!i Knapping a linger over. They could
put rm- i:i jail, but they couldn't make
"My friends ordered my dinner on the
fintsiiie for me. It was* a good one, but
it's kind of lonesome working a knife and
fork by yourself. Can't say 1 enjoyed It
as much as some other dinners I've eaten.
"After dir.rrj- my wife came down to
sec me and spent tho evening with. me.
Womanlike, she f«lt it much more th3n
1 did. She was excited uv.d madder than
v hornet to think they'd ■put me in jail.
Women haven't any sense of humor."
Of which saving seventh sense Mr.
Bradbury has his full quota. A telltale
twinkle In his gray eyes belies the stern,
unsmiling mouth. I had expected a sput
tering firecracker: I found Instead unruf
fled serenity.
'- "I don't pretend that I slept very well
that night in .hi)," confessed Mr. Brad:
l«i:ry. "Don't know that the Jail was tho
cause of It as much as my dinner— indi
gestion Is as bad out of jail as In. It was
co dark I didn't know when it was morn
ing til! * guard came to ask me about
breakfast.
"I ate my breakfast and had «hem tele
phone to Mrs. Bradbury that I'd be home
for lunch. I was calculating on getting
out at 11. I read the papers and took my
dose in them with a straight face. The
time went kind of limpy; 11 o'clock, it did
teem, would never me About 10 the
Sheriff came down to nee me. lie said:
'Now, Bradbury, haven't we treated you
all right/ 'I'm a Jailbird. If you have
r.ot,' I answered. 'Well/ says the Sheriff,
'that's what you'll have to be until 3
o'clock. They won't let you/but a!\ 11.
Now Bradbury, don't make a fuss about
It. we'll fix you as comfortable as pos
sible'
• "It- made me hot -to wait until 3. hut
they'd treated me so well that 1 couldn't
kick. Tiic papers the next day had a lot
of nonsense about .-my raising,, an awful
row ab'jut it. Don't you believe it.
"I'juat waited around and took it with
a grin. They let me out on the second
of 3.
"I've read so many crookt d stories of
the whole thing that it's even hard for me
to got it straight: These are the. facts
of the case: Two years ago on ihu Sac
ramento-street car I was chewing a enn
foiindrti toothpick and I spat oh tho Hour,
as i had been !n the habit of doing for
forty years. I didn't know anything about
the ordinances until the conductor called
my attention to the one pasted up. i read
the thing through and said. "Why don't
you have' cuspidors, then, on tho curs.'
We had 'a little, wordy tiff and when I
got off tho <ar I told him who I ws 3 and
where I could be 'found if J was wanted.
"Tho * conductor reported tho rase; !t
was tried and I was lined. I've lived hers
a long time and I'm pretty well known,
so. I suppose they were triad to get. me
body like me to make an example of.
"This last time I was riding on the I.ar
kin street cars, chewing away on a quill
toothpick as usual. The conductor knew
■who I was, and I belleye ho was just
watching mo. oping I'd spit on the floor.
The first thing I knew hi says. 'Here, I'll
have you arrested for doing that.'
"I wasn't conscious of spitting. But
there was some saliva on the floor about
as big as a 10-cent piece. I suppose I
must have put it there, but I'll be blessed
if 1 knew it. I told the fellow I didn't
mean to, but he called in a policeman.
"The policeman had to squint pretty
hard to find thp drop, but between the
conductor and me lie located it and or
dered me to come to jail. We both
thought I'd just have to explain the thing
and that would end it.
'•But they pushed It, and. the Judpe -who
tried It had been the lawyer on the los
ing .Bide la a former lawsuit I had. He
chalked .up. even by ordering, me to. jail
without the alternative .of,- .-. fine. 'Every
body knows the rest; I appealed the thine,"
but they sustained him and to jail I went
"I'm not ashamed of It, either, for I
served my time like <i man. I'm not
ashamed of anything in my life. I don't
iriinil tilling that when I came to San
Francisco In '5S I had Just 110. I pave that
$10 In part payment on ;i $23 a month car
lived on scarcely nothing
; got a contract to build a house.
The man gave mo a lot in payment and
from that day I was al! right.
"I've paid out In wages sine* I've been
in San Francisco one million and a half
dollars, l-.at'll give you an Idea of how
many th'ngs I've been Interested In.
"People Bay that I've got cranky no
tions; but I haven't come out of the small
end of the horn just the same. O:<-i of
my Ideas la not to insure my proj
I've had two bis fires— the biggest when
my planing; mill on Brannan street barnad
down.
"'Guess you'll Insure now. Brad?' Bald
my friends. I'd Just take out a little
ok and show them some arithmetic
that would paralyze them. I was in a
hundred thousand dollars more than if I
had insured. The money I would have
put into insurance used otherwise at in
terest had brought me that much more.
How
ft
tea
Jail.
r frY
BBLL
BKADBORT
That* my theory In Insurance, an* tt
may be foolish; but according to ray cal
culations that's the way I've mado half a
million. I haven't a stick nor stone that's
Insured.
"They «ay I'm the only man who ever
mad* the Spring- Valley Water Company
kneel. I don't impose on any one. and I
don't allow any one to Impose on me.
Twenty years ago Spring Valley tried
tome funny business on me. I tcld them
to shut off their water and I bored a -well
In my yard.
' "That well supplied not only my own
■ family but people inithe neighborhood.
It brought me in $1203 a month. Eight
years ago I stopped it. I'm not saying
whether Spring: Valley [>ald me hand
■omely 1 . You can judge for yourself.
"Twelve years jigo I a^re^d to bore
lome wells In Golden Gate Park. I had
•ent in a daredevil of a contract that th*
Commissioners couldn't refuse; Some of
them Baid I could never do it that way.
'I don't care how Bradbury pets It
there." said the late Frank Pixley; 'let
him carry it i: his bar if ho wants to.'
.Well, I got wat and by a quicker way
'than that. In the six years that I man
aged the water supply I saved the city
$75,000. They'd bepn using Spring: Valley
jist- - of boring for water."
Mr. Bradbury has your true disdain for
material wasted. Once on a time, he Jour
neyed to New York and registered at tha
Waldorf-Astoria. He was taken to a
room by a clerk. The room had a wains
coting of wood so highly polished that it
smudged It you looked at It. It pained his
carpenter instincts to see such wood
wasted on the human potpourri of. a ho
tel. "The clerk punched a button and a
■wallow-tall appeared," elates Mr. Brad
bury. "You'd of thought he was dressed
for the opera, 'The gentleman will dine.'
•ays th« clerk. Swallow-tail punches th«
button and swallow-tail number two
comes up with the bill of fare.
, "I looked at It and calculated that I
couldn't get my three square meals for
twenty dollars. There's been a time In my
life when I've spent less than that for a
month's living.
"I pass!" said millionaire Bradbury of
the West to the astonished swallow-tail
flunkeys of the East, and bag and um
brella he straightway moved from th«
Waldorf-Astoria.
: Mr. Bradbury is not the only member
of his family who has diamonds. Not long"
since he acquired by right of mortgage a
pawnshop. The jewelry which ho could
not dispose of he gave to his wife- and
niece. They have a heterogeneous collec
tion of jewels found only behind the thre«
golden ball?.
Mr. Bradbury loves the spark 1 of th«
diamond when It is clear. Bat unhappily
he cannot prevail upon his wife and niec«
to string themselves on the flotsam and
jetsam that floats pawnshopward.
All of which has nothing to do with Mr.
Bradbury's sojourn in jail, but tells much
of the man. For William B. Bradbury,
ex-carper.ter. anti-Spring Valleylte and
millionaire expectorater, Is not cut altar
any well worn pattern.22
Z^^/ J^rj-/ 1 11/rmkle Tfeed Tfever JCave Jlppeared
THE average woman** <*■** of facial
massage If about as clear as le her
understanding of the political out
look or of the Dreyfus mixup, which
I think most of yon will admit is net clear
at all. She e!rh«r thinks It la an entirely
modern fad. created for the sole purpose
of rubbing- som-- lovely; fragrant unguent
Into the skin and thereby bringing into
the cheeks a soft; pink glow] like that
upon the Ride of a peach that hns been
kissed by the sun, or else she fancies it to
be a complicated sort of treatment', con
sisting of all sorts of flaps and pinches
and vigorous whacks administered by
some on« who doosn'l rare in the least
how hard she pummels, and who has sin
ister designs upon her victim's purse.
While tluJre is "near a who]" city full"
of professional "muscle kneaders,^ ! doubt
If there Is one out of every half hundred
of them who really has a scientific knowl
edge el' her work. In order to Rive ef
fective maFsage there should be a thor
ough knowledge of the 'oration of the
various muscles of the face an<l their uses]
together wSt'.i experienced and skillful fin
gers. It is rather a question) In my m!r:d,
whether one can massage one'j own face
[satisfactorily; still if the massage be care
fully aprniv'J according to the. direction!
I am about to give It cannot fail to mftke
an Impression upon the hateful peace-de.
Btroying little lln^s, and even finally per-
Fimiie them to pick up their duds and <se
pfiXT. I rceati, of course, unless they aie
lines of long standing or extreme Id age.,
in which case the self-treatment will b« or
little benefit
That first wrinkle. Oh, woe; oh, woe!
If there any airnny, 1 wonder, ••BO
acute to a woman's heart as that which
Js caused by the discovery of the first
wrinkle
In fact; wrinkle* are looked upon with
Fuch rircad by womankind That In many
cases the unhappy possessor has even
resort fd to a surfrical operation to pet
rid of them; And right here let me tell
you that woman is not alprie in her hor
ror o;' these ugly little line-;: Man! su
perior Man, has been known to look upon
the pop.-c-.ss'.rtr. of wrinkles with disfavor.
Massage Is the only treatment that will
obliterate wrinkles. ■ • ••-•■• washes
applied to the outsid,» surface of tho skin.
or exercise? that distort the face and
gtretch the muscles; will be of no earthly
benefit. The pkin of the face wrinkles
exactly for the, same reason and by the
game mechanism that the skin of an
apple wrinkles. The pulp of the fruit
under the Pkin shrinks and contracts as
the .luices dry up. and naturally the skin,
which was once Mifht and smooth, having
become too larire for tha contents, puck
ers and lays itself In tiny fold?. In ex
actly the siime way, when th" puhcutan
eous fat of the cheeks and brow, which,
•when one is young, is abundant, begins
J*irst J*iagstaff Greeted on Ufa's
- ■ -
ON* the highest ground of a long,
low hill distant about one mile
to the westward of the little
town of P.odega, in Western So
noma County, there stands
a tall, somewhat decrepid redwood flag-
Ftaff. This ancient-looking pole is
about sixty feet in height, Is bent with
age and exposure, and is slowly decay
ins. The strancer passing along the
county road a few hundred yards away
rriight speculate long and never arrivt
at th» correct surmise of why the soli
tary pole stands there alone In a pas
ture field, cows feeding at its base.
Yet is fhat plain, warped rid redwood
flagpole the patriarch of all flagpoles,
not only !n California but also on th<3
entire Pacific slope. F"r It was the first
erected to fly the banner of the Union
■when California and all other territory
In the same latitude from the Pacific
to- the Rockies, were taken possession of
by the United States.
Not far from the venerable flagsta.ff
you may B-e a pile of most Interesting
ruins— the adnbe wa;l3 of what was,
'Alien newly erected, and indeed for
many y<»arß thereafter, he finest pri
vate residence on the northern coast of
California — the homestead, the home o-f
Captain Stephen Smith.
This Captain Smith figured promi
nently in thr> early industrial and social
history of the Bodega country. He was
an Englishman ami as master of an
KnßJi.s'n tr-idins," vessel had visited lio
dega Bay In 3S.?T} and had acquainted
hiniseif with the resources and advan
tages of that part of the coast. The
Russians had sold out their claims to
all their holdings! on the California
ensst to Captain John A. Sutter in 1841
and in IM3 Captain Smith located on
the Bodega Beotioii of the eat tract
formerly held by the Russians.
Immediately on taking possession of
his Inimehie estate. Smith had erected
a roomy, almost baronial; adobe resi
dence upon the crest of the lovely and
...•■■ ■■ . ■ ■■....■
to v- absorbed and to disappear. th«
cuticle Immediately begins to shrivel and
fall into lines. So does It not stand to
reason That any treatment that stretches
the outer skin will but cause It to fal.
back into deeper folds than before, ana
that the only rational mode of procedure
is to foefl the tissues and strengthen
the muscles by means of a good skin food
and manipulation? To this must be added
a strictly hygienic and tonic method of
life, which means; of course, careful diet,
daily baths and regular exercise in the
open air; to say nothing of cheerfulness
of mind and h«*nrt.
mess and worry
agents in stamping lin*9
■
■
: we
• -■«» of our
The chronic frrtter or scoider whose
visage is screwed uv into tangles enough
to laugh a complicated sailor's knot to
scorn, and the sir! who scowls and
frowns every time something goes wrong,
might as well cast her skin food upon
the waters and save her time, for she
never will succeed in s>:nooihing out tha
furrows in her brow until the habits
which nave c.iured the li ?es to come nave
cti\ sed
Massage is exercise. It restores the
vigor ro muscles that have become lazy
and torpid; it brlnsrs • hp blood to the sur-
face and stimulates the skin to healthy
action, while the skin food feeds and
nourishes th« tissues. In truth, there is
no greater aid to beauty than massage,
but it must be the right sort. Improper
movements can cause no end of trouble.
and care must be taken iTiat when one
trouble Is being: cured another Is not cre
ated. There's a whole lot in that. The
outer skin must not be stretched or
pushed un into fine lines.
The professional masseuse, as is sh.nvn
In the illustrations; uses only the tips of
her lingers when massaging. The hands
do not touch the face. Tlie work Is done
with the utmost care a.i I delicacy; and
there is no necessity of Boiling any p;e->.
of the costume In which (lie beauty p.i
tient may have arrayed herself, nor need
thej coiffure be disarranged and not the
least bit of the emollient used should
to'ich the hair.
• • •
A pood skin food is a necessary adjunct
to maF-iige. An ordinary cream is not
suitable for the purpose; as it lacks body
and firmness. There is absolutely noth
ing better than the orange flow • skin
food for this purpose. Following is the
formula:
One-half ounce spermaceti.
Onr-half ounce refined white wax.
Two ounces sweet almond oil.
One ounce cocoanut oil.
■
One ounce orange flower water.
Ten drops simple tincture of benzo'n.
iorce
■ ■
hava become thoroughly incorporated, re
move from the heal and add the orange
flower water and the benzoin. Then beat
briskly with an cge; beater until fluffy and
beginning to harden.
• • ,
U.i-'fn.-* beginning the massage, wash the
face carefully In tepid water, using a lit
tle oastlle soap or almond meal. This Is
most Important; for unless Ihe particles
of dust are removed they will be kneaded
Into the skin and- untold mischief in tha
way nf irritation will result. If you visit
a masseuse she will seat you in a re
clining chair and then stand dire^tlv be
hind you; Although It is an Indisputable
fact, that tho same results cannot h* got
from self-treatment; as some of the move
irx ?nts— like massaging the neck- must be
done by some one rise, still, there are
other movements thnr the home-body can
niannsft very nicely.
After rlnslngr av>ay every particle of
soap from the face; apply the skin food
emearing ':• carefully over the forehead
cheeks; nope, and chin, and th«n begin
a kneading movement. Tt is very diffl
Ones
or the
States.
romantic elevation west of the then
embryo village of Bodega! The house
■was thick-walled and stanch, with
massive chimneys. Dormer windows
were set into the broad roof and a wide
veranda shaded the entire length of the
front of the dwelling. Spacious grounds
were laid out; with graveled walks and
masses of flowers, especially roses erf
every variety.
Fire destroyed the homestead dwell
ing in 1890 and nil that now remains of
the historic house is a shell of adobe
walls within which has grown up a
wilderness of young willows and a
dense undergrowth of giant tarweeds
and thistles.
Indeed, the lonely old flagstaff on the
knoll hard by looks down upon a scene
of desolation of which none might
dream on th.-> day when that staff was
planted.
Ju"y 10, 1846 -that was the day on
which Captain Smith executed n patri
otic stroke whi^h should forever oM<«
Jhe Patriarch of Jill flag-Poles— On the Old jtomestead of Captain Jtephen Jmithr*
THE SUNDAY CALL.
-: [ah him and thi home he n
nna :i ol Califi irnia
y. F«t "ii ilia; day th< v>- arrived
in Smit hi . l tired and dust y
hi irsen in, La gi ea i
tidini
■ i lan you tell me where ' can find
i 'apt i riuired the ira
.• i: ft-ni •■ The
■  an old I
dian who wa potterini? about a n
the fli ucking aw ay over-bli wn
. With the muteness of
his race, the serene and wrl i
the query by pointing
t tl ■ ■ office
nee
Si |ad' d hi . > ■■ at the hitch
ins rail. '■ '■■■ > canvas.
from his saddli thi ng
Tuckii g the bundle und( r hia arm. he
■
tain Smith.
Aft< r each other cordially
nan with the bundle announced
himself to a messen r - r from
Lieutenant ! pro, I hen at Sonoma
by or ler, the capl a In
of thi - steamship Ports
moui' al ship was at that
. ncisco bay.
"Th ■ ( ' : ■ i iblic no longer
exist enant Reveres
"Thp T'i.itT'l States hn?
i! of ' :alifornla. Com-
cult to describe this mcv©in»nt m It con
sists not only of a rubbing round and
round In little circles, but of an inward
movement as well. The fingers must sink
well into the flesh, for the muscles next
to the bone must be refreshed and exer
cised.
The muscles, like the skin, are con
stantly undergoing a process of de
cay and renovation. The tiny little
jcplls of which the muscles are composed
are continually throwing off worn-out
particles and new fiber has to be created.
There is no better or quicker way of help
ing: alonß this process and restoring life
to the exhausted muscles than by mas
sage. This kneadinj? movement Is excel
lent for this purpose. It will bring the
blood to ! the surface, and firm flesh and
rosy cheeks will be, the result.
* • *
For the lines across thf> forehead there
are several forms of massape use.!. The
most effective movemeni is known aa the
ironing movement. This should follow thr
kneading motion described above, ft Is
Bomewhal dlfnculi to learn, ms each h!>tid
Coast to J?/y the jimeri'can
Lco'<s
On a
&csne
of
mi ; l"i c Sli ;ii raised ihe A merii an fl
.ii Monterey last Tuesdaj and Liei
ani Revere came up to Sonoma yester
day to raise it thei c. We haul* '1 dow n
the I tear flag I hat we h iist< d thi cc
weeks ago and ran up the flag ol the
United States. This morning b
daylight Revere started a messenger to
Sutter's Fort with n flag to be raised
there, and at the same time dispatched
me to Bodega with a flag to
by you. Here is the flag, Captain
Smith. And, by tho way, 1 have the
lieutenant's written instructions for
you."
The messenger was one of the Bear
flag men. 11^ and his few score '■om
rndes hnd performed deeds ;it great
hazard in that territory so hostile
1< a \merioanos — had compelled the sur
render of th^ garrison at Sonoma and
the subjugation of the inhabitants of
country. This while neither cr,n
-q lerors nor conquered were aware of
the fact that thf> mighty arm of the
T'nitPd States < lov'prnmpnt was about
must work independently of the other.
The fingers of either hand should he held
close together and so placed thai a fold
running crosswise of the wrinkle is picked
up The fingers of one hand should then
push their way across the forehead, while
the fingers of the other rub up and down
like a smoothing Iron. This movement al
ways makes me think of the idiotic pas
time we all indulged in when we were
youngsters of trying to rub the chest
around and around with one hand while
we patted the top of the head with the
other Do you remember? Well, this
movement is on exactly the same princi
ple. While the hands are making their
way from side to Bide of the forehead the
little fold of flesh should go too. The
kneading should take a general direction
upward and outward. Wrinkles that
make a deep cleft in the flesh should be
lifted up and gently ironed with the tips
of the fingers.
The small vertical lines that com- be
tween the eyebrows, producing an unbe
coming frown, are known as "husband
wrlnkfe?." because according to the num
ber of the wrinkles, it is said, will be the
number of husbands one is to have. These
wrinkles should be treated in much the
same way as an the lines in the forehead,
kneading upward toward the hah*. the
experienced masseuse will pick up the
little fold of flesh and roll 11 between her
finger tips until it loses all ambition to
flourish. Or those little furrows can be
picked up, rubbing the crease, with the
nnper tips.
"Crows feet" are the easiest of b!1
blemishes to Ret rid of. and the
little woman who has determined to
be masseuse to ht-r own self csfn, with
perseverance and a knowledge of the two
movements I am going to tell about, van
quish the most persistent little turkey
tracks that ever mad«» a woman mHer
able. First of all, then, hold the flesh
firmly with one hand and knead the little
lines gently but (irmly with the first lin
ger of the other hand. Then, am
way Is to place the second finger of each
hand on either side of the nose at the
corner of the eyelid. Let the flnpers
sweep out to the temples, describe an ip
wnrd curve just nbove. the eyebrows mid
meet again nt the top of the nose between
Thp eyebrows: then bark under the ■
again to the starting point. This will rub
the crows' feel both ways, and will be
i to he the most effective treatment.
• • •
The little lines that extend from the
nopp to thp corners of the mouth an
treated with the kneading movement, al
ready described. As you visn to
destroy the tissues and reduce the fatty
cushions, be careful not to roll th* flesh
between the flng< rs, but merely pick it
up quickly, giving a little rub with the
of the finger.
• • *
Plump, round chr-eks depend largely
upon the health. They are usually th.->
outward and visible sign of an inward and
well-nourished system. Nothing in the
• '.' maseage or cosmetics will accom
plish anything wonderful, v one's diges
to compasg them both. When the stars
and sti ipes took Ihe ascendi 1 cy
the Beai [lag on the stall in the plaza
at Sonoma, the men who had already
ed the conquest of Ihe territory
hailed the banner o-f th
across the Rockies and loyally re |
in her triumph ami i I ion.
Captain Smith received the tremen
dous news wiih astonishment and de
light : !'■>!■ although a ■ ■ born
ami bred, iveddf>d 10 a Spanish lad;.',
and intimately friendly with noble old
General Vallejo and many other highly
■si imable ,-'; >a nish residents, he t-uiild
not but rejoice with true Anglo-Saxon
spirit Ri the triumph of American over
can a rms nal u
raHy mindful of iiis personal interests,
/ed t hat. < 'a in'- irnia wi uld
prosper and d-\ clop fn r mm
and securely under the aeg
Union than under ti :■■ shield bearing the
eagle and the serper.l if Mi xioo.
Late that afternoon as ih" firsi
fog wreaths were drifting in
flights over the coasi hills and shred
ding away into a veil of gray mist
among the for< ;ts in the canyons, a
yoke of o ed by a d< izen or
■ noisy men and boys, both white
and coppei colored, might have been
si-«-n turni
north of t!'.' 1 homi stead. The oxen \\ ■ re
drawing a tall and slender red
tree 1 i I h all bra nches and ba rk
had 'n-''-n neatly cut. On the highesi
eminence, aboul a quarter of a mile
from the residence, stood Captain
Smith and his guest, also a wond
group of Indians from the ranchi
Foon a hole wae dug, the new mado
pole fitted with halyards ar.d planted.
Then the flag was secured and amid
lusty jubilations, run to the top of the
staff, to be the brilliant playmate of the
tion is in a disordered state. Malnutrition
frequently shows its. -If in hollow cheeks
If, however, there is no ailment of this
sort, there is no gainsaying it massage
will surely bring about splendid results
The predominating muscle of the face is
■ iliscle. ! his muscie
forms the wall of the cheek. Several
other muscl s enter into its formation
and it '' " 1 that
the glands shrink and the fatty tissues
waste awaj I "■ sends the
blood rusl - the muscles,
•■•IS the tIS-
Pick up • ■" not ro . u
quickly, first In
« • •
stroking movement, which should
be firm an rti< ularly hene
oosi and flabby.
h nds the bl« od galli pii - through th*«
in dull, lifeless eom
>. v glow. Thie 1?
and If
you want to ki p tl : a ' so
to eat l!ke a rational being", and not peck
Dibble at sweets all the day l ri ng.
• • •
To reduce a double chin, the fatty tis
be dissolved by picking up the
flesh between the thumb and forefinger
and rolling and rubbing it as much as
lising the skin. The
ig s'r. Mill begin in the center and
continue upward toward the ears. Us*
plenty of skin food. If a flabby condition
follows fhis mas'arc it can be remedied
by using the stroking movement. An
astringent wash mad? by beating up the
white of an p.ptk in four ounces of rose
water is also excellent.
It is really astonishing how much oan
be done in the way of improving the
mouth by means of massage. The first
finger remains stationary just under the
nostrils, while the thumb and second fin
ger commence at either end of the upper
lip, and move energetically and rapidly
up toward the first finger.
• • •
The beauty student who wishes to drape
her neck in little 1 I Tat should
combine the to ent and the
Ing motion. The curves and contour
of the neck can be entirely restored by
■nt and careful massage, it 1b finite
Lble i" give the stroking movement
correctly one's self, so you will have to
• : i Pin you oin on thif= part
of ill!, massagt . The pinching movement
• 1 stroking
will help the good work along.
Any woman who carefully follows these
■ ins should be able to give herself
fairly satisfactory • tr^atm^nt.
Every day is not too often for this treat
ment. But, as a thorough massage treat
ment consumes from three-quarters of an
hour to an hour when given by a skilled
masseuse, one Is apt to find the p*=! f tr^at
ment extremely fatiguing. So I would
suggest thai • or perhaps
eatures at a sitting.
MME. HYGEIA.
buoyant ocean breezes.
At Moi • : Sonoma the na
tional colors first floated from a staff
which had previously borne aloft the
red and green banner <>f the Republic
■ Mexico. The enduring old flagstaff
at Smith'?! ranch was the firsi pla
n ions Stars and S I
th'- Cniori in all i te > ;■ ilden W
For more than forty years after its
ion, the homestead staff stood idle
eglected, while its history was not
thought if in ilv- rush and progress of
settlemeni wh I ed the dlscov
■ •
Hut when Fern Grove Parlor of Xa
tive Suns was instituted in Bodega,
aboul ten years ago, sump of the old
|i nts revived the history of th
tinguished old pole. As a result
pole was dus up, trimmed at tli»' ends,
• ■ more with halyards, a'su
with a cast iron hear and a train planted
and braced.
• in our national holidays tiv fiaer nnfc
waved from this historic st;.ff.
But th" ol of this custom has
up since the lapsing <>f
i frove Pi - eral years au.>.
and once again the time-honored
stands neglected, dismantled of hal
s, and growing cracked and mossy.
Bodega is still a substantial little
place, with thriv'ng dairies all round
it. The post.-' there Still is called,
as it has been for the past fifty years,
Smith's Ranch. And in the comfortable
homos scattered ever the Bodega coun
try there still lives a white haired old
man or worn; i who recalls the good
days agone -when the family of the
homestead was the quality of the coun
try side and the agf>d old flagstaff on
the hill was straight pnd sound with
the sap of youth's vitality.
HONOTTA R. P. TUOMEY.The sg.:'oon at Different Stages of Ascent,
t^t REPORT has Just been made of
f I the most extraordinary balloon
r~""| voyage on record. It is of the
v I most intense interest to scientists
•A and to every one studying- the
problem of aerial navigation. It
sets aside one of the objections which
have been offered to the flying machine
as a mode of traveling, by providing that
man feels no serious discomfort, either
from cold or from immense speed, when
at a great height. And there were other
Bclentiflc results of considerable Import
ance which will be told of farther on in
This which The story of the trip on In
article. The story of the tri;
jls another triumph of man over nature
Is of thrilling interest to every one.
Four men in the balloon Wega crossed
the Alps from SUlteo, in Switzerland, to
Mt £ iu!e, in France, some distance, north
of Dijon. The Fneed wa? equal to that of
the fastesi European railway train, and
ju times exceeded that of the rrost rapid
American express. A distance of 142 miles
I !n 344 minutes.
The expedition was undertaken for pure
!> s< lentiflc purposes. The captain of the
n was Professor Ed Spelterlnl, who
• ade more than five hundred success
fu balloon ascensions. He was accom
panied by the eminent geologist. Profes
sor Albert Heim, and Professor Julius
Ma irer, the great meteorologist. One
■ eer was taktn along, a student of
Professor Helm. The project of ascend
ing the Alps In a balloon was broached as
long ago as 1891, but It was slow of reali
zation. Money had to be collected for
the construction of the special balloon
Prince of Cflobe-Jrotters is WW in San Francisco.
THE prince of globe-trotters has
trotted as far as San Francisco.
The prince of globe-trotters mod
estly registers himself "Peter G.
Altias, Greek explorer," without
the titled handle which he could truth
fully attach.
For verily he is the prince of all the
globe-trotters who have ever anchored
In our wind-swept midst. Who ever
heard of a man' walking around the
world with four secretaries?
To put a girdle around the earth in
three years is the self-appointed task
of Mr. Altias. He ha.-; completed the
circlet as far as San Francisco, where
he is at present resting.
If he completes his task in three
years th<? London Sporting Club will
fend over to him (25,000, which sum it
'4- put up on the wager.
*To encircle the globe, 21.000 miles of
sea must be sailed over. This is grant
ed in the contest. But every inch ol
the 40,000 miles. on land must be cov
ered on foot. Mr. Altias has already
walked 23,500 miles, and expects t-i
reach London several days before th
end of the stipulated three years. He
started in January. '98, from Cadiz
Spain.
Mr. Altias represents three geograph
ical societies — those of London, Cairo
and Havre. He is working along a new
line of investigation for these societies.
Mr. Altias is a graduate of th Lyceum
of Paris, and/immediately after taking
the degree of geographer at Geneva he
chose the life of a Nomad.
This young Greek explorer seems to
bear a charmed life. He was with the
fatal African expedition of Prince ■
Jamorum. The Prince and most of
'< = followers were killed, Mr. ■:;;•..- be
ar one of the few who escaped with
,t a serious injury.
"While Mr. Altias measures the dusty
miles, from thirty-five to forty a day,
his retinue precedes him by train and
awaits him at the nearest large town
or city, for be it understood that while
Mr. Altias is voluntarily playing the
role of Weary Willie he has the
monthly allowance of a bondholder.
His private income is swelled by the
allowances from the geographical so
cieties and the European newspapers
with whom he corresponds: The sum
total is SHOO, not the least of which the
four secretaries in his train enjoy.
Their duties are to compile his notes
and attend to his correspondence..
The explorer has, so far, walked
THEY TRAVELED IN A BALLOON
AT RAILWAY SPEED.
required, and many other preparations
'■"were necessary.
The balloon was built for the purely
scientific purpose of the trip. The diam
eter of the balleon when filled was about
sixty feet, Its circumference was 190 feet,
capacity 3000 cubic feet. It was made of
; Japanese pongee silk of great strength,
and •".as built in forty-eight meridional
chambers, consisting of no less than 3168
pieces of silk. The interior received six
coats of varnish and the exterior four
coats.' The covering net was made of
Anjou hemp treated with rubber, -with
21,504 meshes. The weight of the balloon,
with anchor, ropes and all, was 934 kilo
grams. The ballast, scientific Instruments
and passengers added 3096 kilograms, so
that the balloon had to lift 8090 kilograms
as It ascended in air. It required five days
to fill the balloon with gas, and then there
was a delay of three days before the
'■ weather appeared favorable. The wind
must be in the proper direction, and the
' air not too cloudy to prevent exact ob
servations. Pilot balloons were sent up
finally and showed that the wind set in
the proper direction to carry the. balloon
directly over the Alps and the Jura, I. c.,
southwest.
Four men held the ropes of the captive
balloon, ready to loose them at the sig
nal. The passengers climbed into the car
that swung beneath It and threw out
Hacks of ballast equal to their weight.
Captain Spelterinl cried "lachez tout"
(let go all) and the huge balloon majes
tically rose amid the shouts of thou
sands of spectators, for scientists had
come from all over Europe to see this
experiment. But let Professor Helm tell
of It In his own words:
"It was 10:58 a. m. as the Wega rose
Into the air. At first we ascended at
the rate of over a yard a second, but soon
commenced to go faster. We felt the
wind of the valley no longer at 7200 feet,
but stood still for a moment poised In
the air, but the next minute, Il;06, we
THE SUNDAY CALL.
through .Spain. France. Belgium, Hol
land, Switzerland, Italy, Austria. Hun
gary, Bulgaria, Roumanian eden,
Norway. Denmark, Russia and the
United States.
After Mr. All - leaves San Francis
co his first stopping place will be
Japan, then China and • he Philippines,
Australia. South America and India are
among: the countries yet to be walked
through.
Mr. Altias hi sales twelve languages
fluently, and his polygl attainments
help to lessen the discomforts of travel
ing. With a dozen languages at com
mand, he need never puzzle -over a
bill of fare, be it in any land whai
ever.
Mr. Altias Is a very young man.
midway in the I renties. !!■• i
urn build ;i:.il fair • E :ion, punc
tuating his every word with r.- ■
gestures th bespeak the foreigner.
liis English i? fluent, all ••'.vhat
ragged at the edg< s. Th< twist of
•ht, turn of words and accent
bear the Parisian rathe 1 * than the Gre
cian Si:-
Mr. Altias has had many hair
felt the southeast wind of the upper air,
and th. balloon darted to northwest at
lightning speed, in a straight line. The
ahadov balloon fell on the clouds
with startling ii: I
"And now we wait< d with bated breath
to learr. our fu;> . Would we be dashed
against th? mountain by a powerful wind
current, or — and at 11:41 our doubts were
d as we soared above the highest
peak of the mountain (10,616 feet), reach
ing a h-ight of 13.&62 feet above the sea
level. Our course did not diverge a mo
ment from a straight line. When we
were 6300 fe.-t over the valley we trav
eled horizontally 10 feet a *econd; when
we were 14.000 feet high we moved hori
zontally 5S feel a second, but now we
went first at S2 feet, then at S8 feet a sec
ond—-over a mile a minute.
"At 12:55 we were 18.35Z feet above sea
level, and then we descended slightly. At
3:43 we reached the highest point at
tained during our voyage, 22, 440 feet.
"The balloon was in such good condi
tion that we could have stayed up in it
all night, and we had plenty of ballast,
so the captain asked us:
" 'Do you want to travel all night?*
"A glance at my map showed me that
we were moving direct for Paris, if the
wind still held, but we were traveling so
fust that we should be in Paris before
midnight, and in the ocean before day
break.
"This would never do, anil as a descent
by night Is accompanied by many dan
gers we decided that we mast land now if
at all. From 3:43 to 4:23 we descended
from 22,400 feet to 7920 feet, at a rate of
363 a minute — over six feet a second.
"Beneath us was a sea of mist.
" 'It's going too fast; drop a sack of
sand overboard— now another sack!' the
captain shouted.
"The sun was hidden behind cloud*. "We
were passing through a shower of sand,
for the balloon was actually falling faster
than the sand we had thrown out. It was
A Man Who Walks Around the World With
four Secretaries in Attendance.
breadth escapes and perilous adven
tures on this walk around the world.
The following, written by Mr. Altias
himself, is but one of many:
I started from Constantinople on the
2lBt May, 1*96. proceeding toward the In
terior of Oriental Rumella, accompanied
by my secretary and my two faithful
dogs, Cerver and Hector. I was followed
by twelve mounted constables especially
appointed by the Turkish authority for
the lecurlty of our Ilve3. We reached the
small town of Dercos, forty-five kllo
metera distant from the Bnsphorus shore,
seat of the important water works
the Turkish capital.
Alter a short halt we proceeded
through Karagiakioi. Vizo. Samaknro and
where we took provisions
f"-. live days.
iin th< 29th inst. we made our way
through the rough, uninhabitable for* st
■■ mountains ■ f Strandja. 1 ■■
our expedition with the compass .n.'.l by
aomical calculations. ■ - there
no roads n<>r any trajo ot" human
■ ry.
The sky was black with threatening
: nd In tin distance the r :i : i t;vc or'
the thundei ■':;<_■ corning rain.
At the setting of the sun w< had only
covered thirty kilometers, anil the rain
was : iwn, We looked for a
crypt where we could eat and
have a iit: ■ .• • but unfortunately our
si .: rch was ::: vain.
: of the mountains
■' od that we were in dan
rried away. We decided to
: animals and climb up the
trees to i scaj Inundation. The air was
renl bj the shrill cries of tho jackals, the
wolves and the black bears. We feared
for the safety of the horses' lives as well
r own. Only the rapid tiring of sol
diers" guns kept off these wild beasts.
The frightened neighing of the horses,
the most intensely thrilling and danger
nus moment of the voyage. Could we
stop her tremendous descent? If not our
contact with the earth would well nigh
annihilate us! Imagine falling a mile
and a half!
'•But over went more ballast, and more
—and yet more. We had dropped almost
a mile when we slackened a.<= we passed
into the clouds of mist. It was depre.ss
incly gloomy and gray about us. We
looked down. Spelterini was the first to
see the straight white lines of streets
shining In a village. All was at last well.
Th< mist did not reach so far as the
earth. We could now see how to land,
hut there was a strong east wind. We
sailed over the red roofs of a village; it
was Riviere.
" 'Half a sack of sand overboard or we
shall land among the hop poles — quick V
•'And as we floated to the east we
reached an open, treeless plateau, with
woods behind.
"Here it was or nowhere!
" 'Let go the anchor!'
"The anchor caught, the vents were
opened, and hardly twenty seconds later
the balloon lay half empty on the ground.
It was 4:37 p. m.
"The balloon had passed over 142 miles
In 344 minutes, or five hours and forty-four
minutes. In the upper current it had
traveled lIS miles in 255 minutes. This Is
40Vi feet a second. We had been traveling
at railway speed!
"But you do not feel the speed in the
balloon. You seem to hover stationary in
that wondrous silence. There was not the
least jolting; we did not know that we
were moving unless we looked Intently
at the earth beneath and saw it slipping
by. We felt the motion as little as we
feel the motion of the earth around the
Bun. •
"Our balloon Journey had been neither
the highest nor the farthest ever taken,
but It wa« the first that had been taken
over a specified mountain, and the first
mingled with the other sounds, made all
nature se,em one weird discord.
While climbing up the trees I had the
misfortune to break my compass. In spite
of this accident, the continuous rain a:vl
a thick fog which hung heavy, we made
up our minds to proceed farther on rather
than to remain on the fir trees in a most
uncomfortable position. Guided by dark
lanterns, we continued our trip as best
we could, in and out the dense forest,
plunging into muddy ground, as the en
tangled branches prevented my escort
riding on horseback. We wandered like
this during four long 1 days. According to
my calculations, this interminable forest
led to the Bulgarian village of Allan
• k. But the ilfth day passed without
ng any track leading to the open
itry or the village. I was unable,
owing to my broken compass, to ascer
■ - o graph leal position, but I care
fully concealed the fact from the Turkish
guards, as I dreaded an outbreak should
they distrust my skill as an explorer.
\V>- were l vl > nntera above the sea level,
amidst a deep cloud of fog. We were be
ginning to suffer from hunger, exhaustion
and want of sleep.
Our last short allowance of food was
spent, the weather was as stormy as ever
and my escort began to grumble. The
corporal. Aly, threateningly asked me
when we would see the end of our mis
eries.
I endeavored to quiet them with inge
nious reasons. The seventh day came and
we were as I'ar as ever from escape. The
corpora! Aly Bhowed plainly that he and
his men were losing their patience.
Of course, bad these fanatics not ob
jected to eating horseflesh their hunger
could have been satisfied, but knowing
very well the superstitions of the dis
cir-l'^s of Mahomet. I dared not even pro
pose such violation of their faith. Like
wise I myself, the secretary and the two
In which a balloon had remained above
19,000 feet for hours at a time.
"The trip of the "Wega over the Alps
■was the 50"<1 successful ascension con
ducted by Captain Spelterini without ac
cident.
"We did not even feel dizzy." says
Professor Heim, "and our trip proved
that dizziness is not one of the ac
companiments of traveling by balloon, a
long mooted question. The most wonder
ful thing of all to us was the perfect
quiet and sacred silence of the heights.
Whether the balloon went up or down,
or ruEhed through the air with railway
speed, we felt none of it. "We were in ab
solute quiet. Then we knew what quiet
is. About 15,000 feet you hear the blood
rushing through your ears; at 18,000 feet
the noise of the circulation of your
is unbearable. It is altogether differ* I
from the stillness on a mountain top.
There is still the noise coming from be
low, even though brokenly. Bui with us
the silence was absolute— oppressive.
"Until we had ascended to 12,000 feet all
felt well. At 14.000 feet Dr. Biedermann
complained of palpitation of the heart.
At 1:^,000 feet Dr. Maurer- complained of
severe sticking pains in the back of his
head and of nausea.
. "At 18,000 feet and 20,000 feet I felt
■wonderfully well, sitting in one corner of
the car on a sack of ballast. Half dream-
Ing 1 looked out over the shining clouds,
or at the yellowish horizon, or upward
at the black- sky. I did not want any
oxygen, I felt no difficulty in breathing,
no uneasiness whatever, no *air hunger.'
But the ability to work was gone, my
energy was lost. It required a great ef
fort for me to take ray note book up and
write in it. My pulse was very weak, I
could hardly find it, but it was quietly
beating 60 to 63 times a minute. At all
once I felt freezing cold. But ie was so
delightful to sit there quietly. Better
to freeze than take the trouble to put
on the cloak that lay at my side. But my
conscience spoke, saying - iou ought to
observe, look around, note what you see!'
and I looked out, but I noticed nothing
and wrote not a word. Only to sit quietly
and ; let the balloon ascend to heavenly
heights, that must be a beautiful end!
"But •when we had descended 1500 or
1600 feet we were as new born. The -ef
fects of the rarefied air were felt only
while .we were in it. l . ;
faithful dogs were compelled to fast,
otherwise these Turks would have killed
us on the spot.
The eighth day ai rived, and after three
hours' walk the corporal, backed by his
rs, stopped and, addressing me
y. said: "Where are we and where
are we going to? We cannot resist any
mor< ; v.c are worn out. But before we
- -:; ourselves to die you will pay dearly
for our suffering." I realized then In a
glance my hopeless situation, but I re
plied to them with a bold voice: "I know
very well where we stand, and I can as
sure you that by to-morrow morning we
will reach our destination; if not, I leave
to your discretion my life."
The corporal and all the men accepted
these conditions, and we proceeded dcs
; our way.
The next day we were marching pain
fully along, making hardly one kilometer
per hour. I was completely exhausted.
My eyes were veiled by dizziness and in
a moment of extreme exhaustion I swayed
and almost fell.
The corporal Aly saw his opportunity.
A motion of his hand warned me of what
coming; nor was I mistaken. "This
is your last moment. Christian dog," came
in infuriated accents to my throbbing
lie drew his sword, but I was pre
pared. A bullet from my revolver passed
through his shoulder, felling him to the
gr. und.
That moment, as if in answer to the
shots, a trumpet's blast rang out on the
affrighted air. It 6tayed the murderous
hands of the corporal's soldiers, who were
red to avenge their leader. A few
■is later we were surrounded by a
B irian detnehmer.t of twenty soldiers,
commanded by Lieutenant Pennlff. who
was sent by the authorities to our res
cue.
We were at a distance of five kilomet
ers from Allar.-Kairak, where we ob
tained food and shelter.
"Strange to say, during all our trip
none of us felt the least desire for food.
"To describe the view from the balloon
is like trying- to describe a' symphony to
a deaf man. The woods Innked llk« the
softest moss. The varying colors of the
foliage were clearer than ever, melting
into wondrous harmony. The lacework
of field and meadow, of fruit trees and
forests wove a woof of beauteous color.
All of the colors seemed far brighter from
the balloon, far fresher: and as we rosa
higher and higher ali took on a beauti
ful violet tint. The cities looked like mas
ter paintings, the streets like white
threads holding all together. If I could
tell all that I saw it would be my greatest
earthly pleasure, bur* language is all too
The coloring of the clouds, the
shadows on the mountains, what word*
can tell their beauty!"
"The birds, which appear from earth
to be near the highest mountain peaks,
never really fly very high. The atmos
above 7000 fret appears to he with
out a single inhabitant. There was not
a bird to be seen when we rose to 19,000
although we were over the valleys
in which the ravens are most common,
and I watched intently for a glimpse <rf
one.
"Above 16.000 feet the coloring of the
balloon and ourselves appeared to change.
The sun cast no warm yellow light on
us, but a pure white light, white to
ghastllness. All of the shadows were a
deep black. I noted the depth of this
shadow when I had to look for some
thing in a shaded corner of the car.
"If we looked first at the horizon and
then at the earth the former seemed to
be blue-vioitt, the latter a bright yellow.
The blue-violet coloring of the earth ap
peared at 16.000 feet and over. This was
explicable by the fact that the yellow
rays of the sunlight were absorbed in the
atmospheric covering of the earth as we
looked toward it. leaving the violet rays
in the ascendant. Seen from the moon,
the earth muit look violet. Looking at
mountains, distant not less than fifty
miles, they appeared a bright yellow. la
this case the white surfaces act as sources
of light behind the thick layers of at
mosphere, and the penetrating yellow
red light (reflected as blue) made the
distant mountains appear yellow to our
eyes,"
2324
VEGETABLES IN THIS STATE GROWN IN GREAT STRETCHES OF ACRES
California's Immense /}reas
of plou/er parms.
TN" California one may now walk for
hours over land planted to a .single
\ species of garden vegetable. Vege-
A tables in this State have come to be
grown not only in plats but In groit
Btretches <•)" acres, a grower devoting
himself to a particular strain and raisins
nothing else". Thus it occurs that there
are two hundred and three hundred cere
tracts of green pea's; one hundred and one
hundred arid fifty acre tracts of celery;
two hundred acre stretches of asparagus,^
seventy-five and one hundred acre tracts.
of cabbages] equal areas of fields of let
tuce, onions, salsify and the like, .:ll
treated as field products and raised like
grain or grass.
Not only are these products so grown
but corresponding stretches ar<> now reg
ularly planted to flowers. It eeeins curi
ous tii lo<>k over a vast field ;tii<l s»h- noth
ing but the variegaxi >1 blossoms of llower
lng peas, or to observe wide stretches .of
dark red tulip poppies nodding upon their
tall stalks in the ger.tic- breeze; here again
a great sweep of the white bells of the
calla. and there a tremendous sea of
tho fragrant spikes of the hyacinth.
Th« market fur vegetables has come to
be such that it cannot be satisfied by the
cultivators of garden tru« k who grow
supplies for family consumption!! Thi3
business, in the hands largely of tho
Italians and Chinese, is entirely separate
from vegetable farming: tho latter is not
conducted for domestic but for foreign
consumption. The vegetable farm has
been called into existence by the process
of evaporating vegetables for the ship
THE STRANGE STORY OF A MOST REMARKABLE FUGITIVE
I WAS getting tlr^d of the superiority
which I could not help feeling accrued
to Clarence from his posstsslng so
large a stock of personal reminis
cence and meeting with so many
strange adventures. His telling of nil
tlio.se wonders was interesting, no doubt;
but It seemed to me that adventures and
reminiscences of my o«vn— lf I could only.,
get them— would be just as interesting
and might help to put me on a footing
of more equality with this remarkable
globe-trotter.
At last I thought I had hit upon some
thing worth telling— something thai Clar
ence would have to listen to, if only out
of sheer curiosity— something I had <juite
recently found, and which would offset
that wonderful Australian yarn he ha>l
last told me about an old hat.
Accordingly 1 walked In on him one v,'f:t
Sunday afternoon, trying to assume the
very same air of nonchalant fullness of
matter with which he had introduced thai
Australian hat story. The attempt was
a failure.
"What's the matter with you?" Clar
ence asked; rubbing his eyes and stretch
ing hi legs; as he awoke from a nap in a
long reclining chair. "Been seeing the
thost of a Spanish grandee In armor W
"Something rarer than a ghost," 1 said,
trying to be calm.
"What is rarer* than a ghost?" be
asked. "Come to think of it, ghosts are
getting Quite common nowadays. Before
long you 11 be able to buy them in a de
partment store."
"That's right." I said. "My friend—
our friend— Simcox will turn them out by
the dozen. Bui I bet I've found some
thing you can't duplicate.' 1
"I take you," said Clarence, briskly
lumping up. "I take you, sight unseen.
Make it a hundred Havana fillers."
"Done," I . aid. "It's a man I hat really
doesn't want to make money."
"Oh, Lord!" said Clarence, contemptu
ously. "Have you found one of those
freaks? Well, you're getting on. my boy.
Only don't go and think the thing's alto
get her unique."
"1 suppose you met lots of them, eh?
In Ceylon; for instance?"
"Oh, ii" you're going to talk about Cey
lon," ho said, shrugging his shoulders,
"1 can find you scores of them there.
Why, look at nil the yogis— [ thought you
meant in the civilized nations— the nations
that grab money as a steady thing."
"Such as?"
"Such as the American and the English,
where a man who really doesn't want any
more than he has is a freak. Even in
those countries I can match you."
I was so taken aback by Clarence's as
surance that for the moment 1 had noth
ing to say. He saw his advantage and
let fly his story at me before I could got
mine going.
"Why," he said, "I can tell you on© in
stance right here in New York — or he was
here until he went to Nevada or some
Buch far country.
"It was through my name that I be
came acquainted with him. My name is
rather an uncommon one, you* know. I
was staying at an uptown hotel which
has sincu been pulled down to make room
for a larger building-. It used to be called
the Sutherland; you may remember It.
There was a good billiard-room there and
1 was very fond of sitting and watching
ping tradr. Reduced In this manner many
times in hulk and weight they are sent
to countries both hot and cold for con
sumption there. The gold diggers of
Alaska are largely fed by these products;
an ever-increasing demand is coming from
that territory, and as the country opens'
up and becomes populated with Ameri
cans an enormous quantity will annually
l»:-. sent there, sufficient to maintain many
farms in this State.
The same is true as regards the South
and the Orient. When the gold strikes
were reported in the Sierra Pinta country
in Lower California recently the miners
who left San Francisco for that place
supplied themselves liberally with evap
orated vegetables; parties who left about
the same time for Cape Nome did the
same, and the transports which sailed
out of the Golden Gate to furnish food
to the officers and men in the Philippines
had stored among their cargoes boxes and
catties of this same character of prod
ucts.
Owing to the increasing demand selec
tions have been made by individuals who
devote their time to growing a specimen.
This specialization is favored also by the
fact that when large areas of vegetables
are required particular localities of the
State and peculiar soils arc essential to
success. A soil that would grow lima
beans would grow celery, but it would
not grow celery successfully on a large
scale, and tho same thing may be said of
lima beans on celery soil. Consequently
it is found that the. celery growers gather
upon the heavy, moist peat lands about
: mes.
"One morning I had gone Into the >>n
• ■ : i 1 could get a little
iroms with th< m irker It was
g hard, so that I couldn'l go out
for a wa!k after my breakfi st and just
[ ot Into the room a bellboy i
g after me with a parc< I. 1 didn't
one t hat morn
kag< and looked v i ry
• ully at thi . wus. 'Mr.
• : me,' I paid; 'I'm not
Mr. William Fitz ' Mar. nee. 1
at i saw nnot her m
■ : sh -com] . - oiinsf
k up with ;: start.
1 'What name did you say?' he called
"The bellboy hurried over to where he
was sti ndini . by the cue rack, ami
•Is this Mr. Fitz Clarence?'
"The answer, as I n iticed at the time,
•! or man
ner— 'Ye-y< . ; hat's Eoi m*\ They
night.'
■>:• was cxc h to
make me w I i ipe an acquaintance
The Oldest
Wooden
structure
California.
THE oldest wooden structure in Cali
fornia is the Allen homestead In
Monterey, which was built in IK4!> of
lumber prepared in Obertown, Eng
land, and brought to California around
the Horn in the Elizabeth Starbuck, The
woman whose hupjand superintended the
preparation in England of the material
that he put together himself upon his ar
rival in Monterey still occupies the house,
and though the old building has a most
alarmingly dilapidated appearance out
side, Inside it is quite homelike and com
fortable and In reality very substantial.
There are twelve rooms in the house, and
in every one is a large open fireplace. The
weather boarding has become very hard
from climatic action during the years it
has stood, and when several years ago
Mrs. Allen engaged a carpenter to re
weather board a portion of it it was found
impossible to drive nails into the old
boards. The house looks ready to fall to
pieces at very slight provocation, but
closer examination Bhowß it to be in really
a remarkable state of strength and pres
ervation.
The landing of the Aliens at Monterey
was an accident, their Intention being to
go on to Yerba Buena (San Francisco),
but their vessel sprang a leak as ah*
with the young Eng i saw he
iv,if an Englishman. So I strolled over to
him and remarked, 'You and I came very
near b
"He Ii oked up quickly and said, '1 !>• k
your pai •
"The markei was just ready tn com
mei a game with him and stood by the
table, waiting, 'i "■ c was no one i Ise In
the room at the tlm • l i• ■ Lted my re
mark, and ■■ .; •; man answered,
" 'it seems thai your name la Kitz ciar
ence," I said, 'and fnii with
pi eflx.'
" 'H'm, well, that is odd, isn't it? I
don't think 1 ever met the name just in
that form,' he said.
"After thai his manner !r>st the slight
emba I hat had mai ked It nhi a
the boy lirst brought him his parcel. I
watched him play a very good game with
l)..- marker, and then lie played v.i:h m< .
"We played several games I >gether, for
it was a wet, miserable morning, and
neither of ■ to have any pressing
business to tak^- i*s out. I'.ut at last we
pot tired of the green cloth and gradually
JMlcn Homestead In Monterey, Built In 1849.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
into conversation about the subject
had first served to Introduce us.
fell
that
"'l've often wondered how my name
came to bi what it Is,' I said, 'i suppose
Fitz must have got knocked off by
some accident generations ago.'
" 'So 1 should imagine,' he answered.
"1 noticed that he seemed shy of the
subject, and that made me all tho more
■ continue it.
"'Funny thing, that tendency of tha
English to cut words short, isn't it?" I
" 'Yes, it is a national trait,' he an
swered. 'Are you an Englishman?"
"When 1 told him that l was an Eng
lishman the information didn't seem to
pl< ase him particularly. I went on to
explain that I had lived nearly ten years
in this country, and then he asked if I
thought of going back to England at all
soon.
" 'I don't know.' I said— 'haven't been
In England for fifteen years. 1
"He seemed rather pleased with that
information I thought. And then he went
on to ask, with a rather evident effort to
seem unconcerned. 'I suppose you keep
pretty well posted about the news in Eng
land, don't you?'
"1 told him that T had so many n^w in
ter< sts In this country that 1 had got
out of the way of reading Kuropean news
with any great interest.
"After that we chatted about a multi
tude of things. He told me that he was
In New York only temporarily. He was
looking about him, he said, trying to
mukf up his mind in what direction lie
would strike out.
"Of course we got to be on pretty good
terms after that. T saw him again that
same evening, and the next morning at
breakfast. But [ noticed that the more
we talked together the more he seemed
troubled or embarrassed about something
he had on his mind.
"At last, one night in the smoking room,
he suddenly said to me, quite irrelevantly,
'I fancy a Rood many Englishmen In this.
country want to cover up" their troubles,
eh°'
" 'Yes, 1 T said, 'a good many of them
have to. I'm afraid.'
" "Well, look here, 1 he went on. 'I don't
want to lie taken for a fugitive from jus
fit) Industry 51? at promises
l^eturi^.
Westminster, In Orp.npro County, where
there are c.bout 2000 acrrs devoted to this
product and where for miles over the
broad country nothing else can be
but long, deep rows of celery tun
through the biaok soil.
The pea grower, upon tho othpr hand.
see l{ S the dry soil and moist atmosi
of the pc-a coast: his land n ■
wet: It Is moistened by the winter rains,
after which he plows it and plants his.
crop; usually there Is not a drop of rain
falling upon it from the tirnn it is planted
until it Is harvested: tbe plants conserve
the moisture that is in the soil by spread
ing their leaves thickly over th*» ground,
at the same time they draw n
from the air, for the thick fops float over
them daiiy. carrying tons of water from
the : ; ea whir-h la readily absi rbed by the
stronK leaves of the vine?.
The alluvia] lands of the San Joaquin
River present lai'K grown
single varieties of vegetables, the pro
duct being mostly used by the cam
The great farms of asparaKu
dlstricts are features of the count:
call 'or the employment of hundreds of
hands, mostly Chinese. The short tender
shoots are cut during the second year of
the growth of the plant, the first \
growth beinsr sheared off even with the
surface of the soil, then burned on the
spot from which It was cut. The
are good fertilizers and the heat does not
hurt 'he plant, which is deep rooted.
The great cabbage district of the State
Is Olema, near San Rafael.
There is a strong, constant market for
tice. I may as well tell you, my name
isn't Fitz Clarence at all.'
" "You surprise me.' 1 said.
" 'Perhaps 1 shall surprise you more
before I'm done,' he said. 'Did you ever
hear of T,ord Camelford?"
" 'The Yorkshire millionaire coal mine
owner?' I said. 'Of course 1 have.'
" 'H'm— Thought so," he muttered half
to himself. 'Everybody's heard of poor
Jim. Well, he's my brother, l don't
mind telling you the truth about 11
cause I shall soon get out of this place,
and they can't set the police on me: It
isn't a crime to run away from mil
and even if you wrote to my brother about
it he wouldn't try to track me down.
"'lt Is a nice thins tn have plenty of
money, 1 have no doubt, i wouldn
to be hard up myself sorry for th<
devils that are. Hut there is a medium in
all things, you know. I call £8000 ;>. year
a good medium in the way of Income;
and that's what I've pot ai pr< ent — my
share as a younger brother— Camel!
only brother. And 1 made up my mind
long ago to stop at that.
" 'Just let me tell you— Jim's money is
oF the
G^^atest
Historical
Tnt^est.
neared the entrance to Monterey Pay and i
It was necessary to put into Monterey for
repairs. She was afterward condemned
and her passengers and cdrgc
eluded the frame trnd lumber for the Al- .
len house anil their barnyard animals and
fowls) were landed at Monterey, and
Aliens finding Monterey what they •x
-pected Yerba Buenu to be. decided to re
main where they were.
This house was connected v» a peculiar
manner with the celebrated Custom-]
robbery that occuired about 1855. Mrs.
Allen, having become a widow, found it
necessary to increase hej Income, so
rented a portion of her house, the ten
being a family of whom she Knew noth
ing. A short time after they moved ii
the Custom-horse was roMied of *:;Q,SOO.
and the crime was laid to a m;m 1 ■
name of King-, then Collector of the Por:.
King was liberated because of lack nf
evidence to prove his guilt and Boon afl r
left the country. Mrs. Allen, however,
became suspicious of her tenants lie
cause of their strange behavior, and cr m
municating her suspicions to the offi, ra
a search was made, resulting in the find
ing of the whole amount hidden In the
house— |SoO in silver in the floor und< r a
table and $30,000 in gold divided into
smaller sums and placed in boxes under a
flight of etairs, a box under each stai:-.
this vi for not r "ily Is it one of
I product - >rated, hut it 1s
to the East in its
n being in
■ besides large con
of krout
and i
•; [.. • Bowers arc largely raised
come to be an
State, as it has
g rown seed
turn vitality and pro
: Rowers.
Th" mar • is world wide.
climatic conditions admit
being grown, order.-; come for
• alia and India are
- • . which ' ' ilifomia
PHnents of
their ■ The commodity is very
much like that ted vegetables;
it will stand an ture and needs
dry. The harvesting of
ver, i.s a most difficult and
all of it having- to bo done
I • growers have tried cut-
Ing; but when the pods
to yield their seed they
tnpty themselves before a
work on thc-m. The
i • num
employed In the picking.
• | Bower
rnia have come to jrtay.
. called into existence by
-tries of which they are sup
ply itatlcns, and as the future of those
must be onward toward larger
developments so must the great fields of
■ ins become more and mora
numerous throughout the arable reaches
of the State.
a regular treadmill to him.* " -y
" 'That's strange,' I couldn't help re
marking.
'• 'You think it strange because votf
don't happen to know a man who has
inherited enough property to keep a good
sized German state going and keep two
chancellors of the exchequer busy six
days a week. If the man happens to
have a taste for finance, it may be amus
ing to him; but my brother only goes in,
for that kind of thing because he's obliged
to. What he cares for is books— books to
read, and books to bind— books inside and
books outside.
" 'His income is so big: that he has to
watch it and see that all sorts of sharps
don't rob him. That's a matter of prin
ciple, of course, and it's also principle
with; him to spend thousands on charity
and all sorts of benevolent objects. He
lias U look after a good d>ad of all that
himself, besides divine' a lot of attention.
to business coal mines and all that. And
all the time he wants to be collecting rare
hooks and reading good books. It's tan
talizing, 1 can tell you.
" 'I always congratulated myself on be
ing a younger son. I went into the army
and had a good enough time out in India
My tastes don't lie in the direction of
books; I care more for sport and all that
sort of thing— jungle life.
♦v," " v ,"! I<in J PP.* "jack from India * found
that Jim had had a romantic experience
He must needs go and fall in love with a
fool girl, who first encouraged him and
then went and married another man.
The first thing he said to me was 'Char
lie, you're the heir.' I told him 'I'd see
him hanged first.' 1 had all the money I
wanted and wasn't going to burden mv
fnimu n ttonI Uh coal mines and benevolent
•' 'Jim didn't think I'd run away in **
food v earnest-nobody did. They all
uHnd SS^ l^ to Seer him
up ana encourage him to marry smtw
fata* Si mv '" y h knew Why T was reTl
ln"lt ir? \,r I lsh Property and invest
in,, it in America. Buf finally T trnt
eV '^hen ng Cla'ren Sha an(l here lan *
his story SteP 6 Eot to the end of
wasfth^H nf v l \ for granted that this
'4th« °* W Was obliged to admit
than mfne * rienCe was more startling
orS/^^^^t^where^rnahe
want's iq 'r )','"■ nee<J n't be, If al
time ago • mamea la st year, or soma
rags S&ssas iw
younl wife^ h,?t n ° ng before, with his
missed U there Clarence had somehow
tol'd^m! ?hS' K&i** 1 > ; ears since Clarenca
it Onfv tho m y nd ecli Psed mine with
news lettPP th th . cr »u day l saw ln a I^nd-u
Whdl at th u e Countess of Camel
fine boy b STu me the mother of another
state thai ihi c » pa pPr waa Particular to
to lorrt A 1 1 ' 111 - ihe third son born
succession me i ford ' insured the direct
estates of the enormous Camelford
haXar^U 16 .^ 1 William Fltz Clarenc^
own n - L'.i 1 t! i t>:se thln * s a nd resumed his
Fletcher °v Charles Fltz William
in S! p n °,l W^ ther he ls still after bear
learned •- ky Mou ntalns, I have not yet
learned. JJWBN McPHERSOW-THE INCREDIBLE JOURNEY OF MARTIN LOW,
THIS is the story of a man who b!4
defiance to doctors and turned a
deaf ear to Death's summons. It
is the tale of a man who was
crushed under a lumber truck
weighing SOOO pounds; who, despite his
mangled leg, walked for seven long
Doctors and nurses had said, death
was inevitable. The grave-digger'had
measured six good feet of yawning
earth. But the patient with flickering
breath and faltering pulse said Death
nay. Life and death, fought fiercely.
Cause of J^ockjaw
and iOay to
Cure Jit
-
-
. but
the
1
: 7. —
d«at]
-
These death-dealing creature 3 love a
tot, damp climate. Any grain of sand,
any tin can or rusty nail or scrap of
meat or broken clamshell may have- a
score d them clinging to It.
These are precisely the conditions of
our American beach resorts — the moist,
warm air, the beach too often strewn
with rubbish, and in a:..- case uttered
with broken shells and with bits, of
wreckage from which broken nails pro
■
that th -
. ..- .
.m tetanus a:- i
ands.
The sufferer first experiences a tight
ening of the muscles of the jaw. Then
the face stiffens and the corners of the
mouth are" drawn back, exposing the
teeth in a fierce, mocking grin.
Aa the face becomes rig-id the skin
of the forehead is thrown into- folds,
the wings of the nose rise; and the lips,
pressed upon the teeth, grow thin and
white. The eyes shrink, the lids nar
row and a frightful Inhuman expression
spreads Itself over the whole counte
nance. The rigidity extends to the
trunk and then to the limbs. The whole
frame Is shaken with convulsions and
the body arches back until it stands
upon its head and heels alone. These
spasms subside but return quickly.
Th? sufferer gasps for breath forty
times each minute. All the symptoms
grow worse until death at length re
lieves the victim's misery
After the bacillus has entered the
wound from five to fifteen days nay
elapse. Thp bacilli do not themselves
pass into the system. They remain in
\f, J v "5 undl but generate a poison
wmcn does their work.
In most cases there are preliminary
symptoms similar to those of an ap
proaching cold— a dull ache, located be
fore the ear. followed by stiffness in the
muscles of the lower Jaw. There is a
growing difficulty in opening the mouth
and attempts to swallow exaggerate
the symptom. The jaws then become
looked and the disease- passes down
ward to the rest of the body.
In the open air the bacillus remains
inactive. It Is only when it enters more
deeply and gets away from the air that
it becomes dangerous. It may be ren
dered harmless by cleansing the wound
with a mixture of one part carbolic acid
in twenty of water. Afterward the
wound should be filled with tincture of
iodine.
If the wo-jnd should be a deep one
caused, for instance, by 2. nail, or If It
ehculd be a lacerated wound, caused,
for example, by gunpowder, or a
crushed wound, as with a hammer, ths
operation of cleansing may be a diffi
cult matter, and a physician should te
colled In, who may Inject antitoxin,
and life, aided by the superhuman wft.
power of the man, won.
'From his sick bed the patier; arose,
a crippled mass, a:. calmly looked at
the grave which had been dug for him
with cruel, unseemly haste. "It will fit
some other fellow," he said, and started
on the self-imposed journey that proved
him the pluckiest pedestrian that ever
stalked this or any other State.
Martin Low Is the name of the man
who took this journey under difficulties
that would have daunted Hercules. His
abode is here, there or anywhere that
his fancy leads him. He lives by rod
and spin: a crack fisherman and sure
shot, to which facts several medals at
test. At a meet for Santa Barbara, San
Luis Obispo and Monterey counties,
where were gathered the mighty hunts
men, this modern Robin Kood carried
of! all the honors for wing and target
shooting.
Martin Low was not born to the life
of the woodsman. His is a family that
has helped carve the destiny of the
State. The Lows have been influential
in political and social circles. His
uncle, Frederick Low, was Governor of
the State during the Civil War. Gov
ernor Low was noted as a man of stub
born, unyielding will. He used the veto
power to the full limit of the law. When
he started out to do a thing it was as
good as accomplished.
Martin Low is not less determined
than was hia distinguished uncle. He
?aid he wouldn't die, and he didn't: he
declared he would walk from Placer
viile to Tahoe City, and he did.
Time was when Martin Low was
himself a power in the little world in
which he lived. The Lows had inherit
ed from their father some money and
more real estate. His two older broth
ers bought cattle ranges in Arizona
and are r.w wealthy ranchers. Martin
had always been an unruly, adven
turous lad. At 13 he ran away from
hcme. and periodically thereafter they
killed the fatted calf for the return of
the prodigal son. However, his wild
oats were sufficiently tame to be for
givable and his' slice of his father's
estate was not withheld.
•d her
•- to San Luis Obispo
WasMsigtonHotel
Still Standing
in the Old
State Capital,
Loiiterey.
«=jpHE building which, next to Cotton
Hall, is most prominently Identi
ii fled with the beginning- of Cali
fornia's statehood is the Washington
Hotel, still standing in the old State
capital— Monterey. It is a commodious
adobe building of three stories, in the
Spanish-American style of architecture,
with no- claims to picturesqueness ex
cept by virtue of Eta age. It was com
menced in the early forties, but not
completed till nearly the beginning: of
the American era in California. Al
berto Trescony completed the construe*
tion of the hotel and was the first
owner and proprietor, continuing to run
it BtJJ, about 1875, when Lockwood &
Bryan leased the house and managed
it for several year*.
About ten years ago J. B. SniTely, a
Monterey pioneer, became owner of th» ;
property, and only portions of the fcoiaw
[artin followed In
• ■---. -' ■ ttle -own
)f Ai le Mrs aght
I
. that extent.
Martin Low was held a model young
man of the country round. He was a
happy enough cross between saint and
sinner not to be ruled out of any class.
He was superintendent of a Sunday
school, president of athletic societies,
paid his monthly dues 10 the temper
ance society and now and then his
respects to a glass of lager. He made
no pretenses and a host of friends.
Mrs. Low converted her acres into a
seed and flower nursery and quaffed
the sweets of content. The youngest
darling of her. heart had forsworn his
Allan-a-Dale existence and was putting
his shoulder to the sober spokes in the
wheel of life.
One May morning Martin told his
mother that he was going to bring
home a daughter to the household.
Just over the edge of the county line,
a wee bit on the Monterey side, lived
the maiden of his choice. They were
to be married in a year. In the in
terim she was to finish her term .y a
school teacher in Fresno County, f
The gre*?n-eyed monster somehow
got its fangs into the mail-box.
Charges and counter-charges, accusa
tions and denials, followed just as fast
as Uncle Sam could possibly deliver
them. One August morning Martin
Low Informed his mother that he was
not going to bring home a daughter to
the household.
NTeverthelesa Martin did not
his trips t .' : •
erstwhile rw theaii
se sympathy was sv I t \ ■.vill-
Ing ears. It was th
.most tra-: _ |
Fresa ) ready to hold out
olive branch to her lover. She found
that her I entirety sup-
I id her In Ms
She . son route,
■ a life and spoiled two
others. A memory that would not
THE SUNDAY CALL.
down separated Martin Low from the"
sister of the dead girl.
At first the people spoke of it in pity
ing breath. Then pity changed to scorn.
For Martin Low, from a model young
man, had changed into the awful ex
ample. He drank with the thirstieth
and gambled with the most desperate.
He fell from grace with eyes tight shut
to saving- hands. Only one could touch
his heart strings his mother. But even
she couid not reclaim him.
He - red U] - ■ ral scrapes,
squa
!
! and
Irinl ; a sun losing
- complete
: his phy* titles.
" - ■ S imson, a
. iid withal the
man: ' . - .•
■ birth and
At the last big barbecue near Monte
rey given by the descendants of the
real i ■ ins, the senores and s^
noras ! --.lia and sombrero days,
■ ok harge of the barbe
tt was a half-week of feasting
- 9 Sliver-haired hidalgos
•he mescal had lost its
•■ the guitar its tinkle, the senor
itaa • - ■-- Inating as
ih muy bueno!
. : : - f meat
• turn! To barbecue
i
ly all the way through is indeed a
ult feat.
In June of this year Martin Low went
His : i moments he
spent building a house for a friend and
the rest o-f the time he drove or did
the braking; on a lumber truck.
Th^ day of the accident he was
braking on a truck that weighed about
Is. Th- drfri -r bad the horses
under ati tt the brake was out
Martin threw his weight
against It. the brake crashed and threw
Th« Old Washlnfiton fiotcL
him with tremendous force under the
wheels. There was no time to crawl
between the wheels. The truck railed
pitilessly over his prostrate body.
They pulled him out, crushed and
mangled, the flesh on one leg ground
out deeply enough for a man's arm to
rest in the hollow. Death seemed so
certain that it was not thought worth
while to carry him to the nearest hos
pital at Placerville. At the end of a
week he was still breathing, so they
moved him to Placerville.
There the doctors and nurses did their
best, though they had no hope for his
- ry. He a: red that he was
not rea '.' t ~ kingdom come. So close
was he to death that the: - - -rave
for him. Martin Low heard that they
were preparing for his end and all the
stubbornness in him rallied to defeat
their purpose. From that day he began
to mend. In a month he was out of
the hospital, weak and limping.
His plans had been made to spend the
fishing season at Lake Tahoe. All his
money had been used paying hospital
expenses, and he was too proud to write
to his family or borrow from strangers,
blared his intention of walking
from Placerville to Tahoe. People said
he would never get there alive. That
settled it with Martin Low. He started
out to show them that he could.
For seven weary days he walked over
the rough mountain roads. Wagons
passed him now and then and a "lift"
was offered, but the jolting made walk
ing preferable. He fished and hunted
■I. ~x. "hanging some of his game
for milk and bread at the mountain
dairies he passed. He was not strong
enough to pack a blanker, so at night,
like the babes in the woods, he crept
under a covering of leaves.
Near the end of his journey he fell ex
hausted by the roadside a stone's throw
from a tollhouse. Mrs. Shaw, the toll
house keeper, was busy with her house
hold duties, while her two little girls
played outside. One of them discov
ered the prostrate form and peered into
his face with childish curiosity. "Why,
it's Martin." she cried, and his tired
eyes opened to her sweet, wondering
ones. She kissed him and then ran for i
"mamma."
Three months before Martin Low had
generously used his last cent to save j
the poor widow from being ejected from |
her house by a heartless landlord. Mar- j
tin How, In San Luis Obispo, had helped
the widow in her need, and on the dis
tant shores of Tahoe the bread which
he had cast upon the waters returned
to him. Friends had obtained this posi
tion of toll-keeper for Mrs. Shaw, and
she had never expected to see Martin j
Low again. She nursed him for a day ;
or two, and then he insisted on com- 1
pleting'his journey.
He finally' reached the popular resort
on the lake whither he had planned to
go against such terrible odds. His fame !
had traveled ahead of him and he was j
greeted with bonfires and wonderment.
Several physicians who were staying
there examined his thigh and leg and
declared their condition would make
twenty yards impossible to the average
man, yet Martin Low had "journeyed j
for a week.
At first he moved witl t itest
difficulty, but he has been steadily im
proving, and while he stiD walks with
a decided limp, his - >ral health
seems unimpaired, and En
strength he has pr in a
match for all comers. He has been the
most popular fisherman on the lake,
earning $4 a da; ut the to
fishermen. He knows the fishing
grounds so weil that Martin Low at the
oar always means a hai sttch
for the trollers.
In the two months he has been on the
take Martin has made over two hun
dred dollars. Out of this he -
barely enough to pay his fare t
royo Grande for his annual visit to his
mother.
Once a year Martin spends a few days
with his aged mother.
what part of the State he may be, he !
makes his annual piigrimas^. He i
never stays long, for he has taken an
oath not to touch a drop during these
Host Prominent
Building in
the Beginning
of California's
Statehood,
Aow in use ar- 'upied by Mr.
Snively as a Justice's court, and sev
eral rooms in which he allows a family
of indigent Indians to live. The gar
dens at the rear of the house T -ver •
merly very beautiful, but they, ilke the
house, are now practically in rains.
The Washington was known from
Oregon to the Gulf of California as
the resort par excellence of fashion
and statecraft, and those who made
history in the early days of the State
were familiar figures about Its corri
dors. Politicians, men of the army and
navy, and women whose beauty and
brain left an impress upon that time
that is felt even to this late day, con
gregated within its wails, and the
plans formulated there and acted upon '
afterward in Colton Hall during the ■
constitutional convention in 1851, and ;
elsewhere, have resulted in the Calilor- j
Crushed Under a
dumber Jruck
and Js
Pronounced
Eying by the
Doctors, but
Nevertheless
Gets Up
and S'akes
a Seven-
Pay D'ramp.
visits, and three days Is the limit of MS
endurance.
Evening after evening Com the
glow of the bonfire the visitors at Ta
hoe would make Martin tell his thrill-
Ing experiences as huntsman, fisher
man or lumberman.
"Martin, you're a peach!" said tha
admiring small boy after one of these
tales.
Martin moved off toward the club
house where liquid refreshments are
served.
"A branfiled peach!" quoth. Martin-
Low.
/few Zealand Jfas
Some Strange
Customs.
New Zealand thirty years ago was
divided into six provinces (states).
There was intense rivalry between
them and between sections, which, led
,to subdivision of provinces.
Ten years ago began a bad financial
panic. Since then the whole tendency
has ' been toward centralization. The
state lines, so far as legislation is con
cerned, have been practically wiped
out, though the names are retained to
use for convenience.
No man, it is claimed, can starve la
New Zealand. An old-age pension pro
vides absolutely for the support of
every person of either sex past the a-ga
of working.
Any man can have land, by a law
somewhat similar to our own home
stead act. He does not have it in fee,
but upon a long lease.
For some time after the settlement of
New Zealand the natives were exter
minated like our own Indians. Thera
are only 41,000 left, but they are now
increasing somewhat.
New Zealand .- an agricultural
country of sparse population. Th- new
I legislation of lS'il and succeeding years
, : has levied taxation of two sorts on
land and on incomes. No attempt is
! made to collect tax on personality.
; The land tax is levied only on estates
\ worth $2500 or upward. Mortgages
' and some improvements are exempt.
On landed properties worth from $2500
I to $25,000 a tax rate is levied, varying
each year according to public needs. On.
estate worth more than $25,000 and up
to $50,000 an additional tax of .005 per
cent Is levied (one-eighth penny In the
pound). This differential tax increases
by a sliding scale until landed estates
worth $1,050,000 pay annually 1%. pence
to the pound, or about $7400, more in.
proportion than the estate of $25,000,
while the estate of less than $2500 paya
no-thing.
This law was made to break up larg»
landed estates and it has done it. They
cannot exist. As land becomes naor©
valuable by the acre, estates of rnodr
crate size will be similarly broken, up*
As the price of land grows in proportion;
to density of population, this legislation
will subdivide the land more and more.
The law forbids the sale by auction^
of more than 320 acres in one plat.
■ The compulsory arbitration law, to*
troduced in 1891, was bitterly opposed*
It passed in 1894. It seema to work well.
There has been but one strike since.
Unions, of workmen and employers,
which register for the purpose, can vota
for the arbitrators. They us* the act
whether registered or not.
Arrangements for wages are made for
two years, so that employers know,
what they can figure on.
Union labor is not insisted upon In all
eases, but is favored by the arbitrators.
If a business has employed non-union
men they are neither forced out nor
compelled to join the union. Nowhere
else, however, are labor unions
stronger.
New Zealand has an eight-hour day,
a half -holiday every week, a dozen full
holidays in the year— all at full wages.
Less drunkenness and more thrift are
said to result from this law.
New Zealand women, white and
brown alike, can vote for members of
the Legislators, but caanot ;b,smselTe3
Jj« members^ — - • * — — *- ' " *~
2526
<?alifon?ia Qirl U/bo Has Falleg H^ir to the property of I\osa Bor/l^eur
The Wcky He^ess
Has fWo States
Who A^ SqUaTiy
R^r,oV/n^d In the
Wsi-Td of Sconce
arjd /H^dTQT^.
ry* CALIFORNIA -Kir], Anna Eliz«
-# I beth Klurrpke, has fallen luir to
I— l the proparty of Rosa Bonheui the
V, I famous rainter of animals. A
X warm bond of affection existed
between the two for many years, which
was severed only on the death of the'
famous Frenchwoman! During th( last
two years of the lattor's life Mi:-s
Klumpke was her constant companion at
the. Chateau de By, a magnificent resi
dence on a commanding eminence In the
famous forest of Fontainebleau, for gen
orations the chosen haunt of landscape
painters. About the chateau which the
Calif or nlaq inherits roam the dumb beasts
that Rosa Honheur used as models In her
lifelike paintings.
That Rcsa Bonheur was an admirer of
Miss Klumpkt's ability as an artist was
borne out by the deep interest she mani
fested In the studies and career of the
American artist. Shortly before her death
she consented to sit for a portrait of her
self by her pupil. When finished the
pain:.. was exhibited in the last Salon
and received high . commendation. This
portrait of the renowned animal painter,
•which shows her In her studio, holding a
palette, was photographed and published
In the leading': illustrated periodicals
throughout the world. Rumor has it that
the French Government Intends buying it.
as it is the last and best picture made of
Bonheur.
Miss Klumpke is one of a group of re
markable sisters. She Is the eldest and is
considered by her brilliant sisters the
it.of: distinguished in the family. Anna
is said to be CO years old and Is the eldest
daughter. Augusta is two yearn younger
and is ... physician of high standing and
the wife of one of the most distinguished
practitioners in France. A third sister,
Dorothea, Is emulous of the fame of Mrs.
Somerville. the celebrated English mathe
matician and astronomer. Matilda, who
•was next in point of age, but who is now
dead, would have created a name for her
self In the musical world had she lived,
as she was a piano player of exceptional
ability. While attending the Conserva
tory of Music in Paris she won second
prize In competition with a score of
other clever students and was also the fa
vorite pupil of one of the masters. The
youngest of this quintet of marvelous
girls, Julia, who has Just reached her
twentieth birthday, has won celebrity as
a virtuoso. For many years she was a
pupil cf Tsaye and was highly praised by
him for her playing on the violin. She Is
also a clever performer on the zither. The
mother of these girls is a sweet-faced,
gray-haired woman, who Idolizes her
children. She has devoted her fortune to
their education and she has lived to sco
the fruition of her labor of love. She Is
now residing in Paris with her children,
who are devoted to their parent.
California enjoys the distinction of being
the native State of this famous family.
John <;. Klumpke, who now resides on
the corner of Chestnut and Larkln streets,
is the father of these girls. He was sep
arated from his wife many years ago.
The girls were born near the Mission and
left San Francisco in 1871, since which
time they have lived in Germany and In
Paris, where they finished their educa
tion.
The history of Miss Anna Klumpke's
Buccess Is one of indefatigable study and
hard work. On leaving this country Miss
Klumpke pursued her studies In Germany
for a number of years, and then, accom
panied by her mother and sisters, Jour
neyed to Paris. She there entered the
famous Jullon Academy and received in
struction from "&. iTe Vfllerroy. Jony-
Robert Fleury. Jules Le Febvre and Wil
liam Bouguereau. That she profited by
their teaching was apparent by the rapid
strides :-he made in her chosen profession.
One of her drawinps was exhibited in 1882,
and won her a silver medal and praise
from her critics. During the next four
years she bent all her energies to her
work, and as a result success followed
success in quick order. In 1885 she re
ceived honorable mention at the Paris
Salon, a silver medal at Versailles, grand
i
Anns Btabetfi K^?v-Pk%? the Fortunate one and Bosonn P^end of
the uate Cetgb^ted An^nnat painteN !s H^se^ a
Aiost Talented A^st-
ftllver medal and prize at the Jullen Acad
emy and a bronze medal at the Universal
Exposition, Paris, which is equal to third
medal fit the Paris Salon.
In IS-:' Mi:;.- Klumpke visited her native
country and exhibited a splendid picture
at the Academy of Arts in Philadelphia
entitled "In the Washhouse." This pic
ture, which took ttau gold medal, shows a
proup of industrious workers in quaint
costume, with earnest faces, intent on
their Kabor. , Another picture painted by
the artist is called "Scheherazade," which
was hung at the salon last year and won
the highest praise from art connoisseurs.
The figure In the picture is a striking- one.
It shows a dreamy-eyed Arabian girl in
picturesque costume. The face in this
picture, as in all the pictures shown by
the artist, is its central light. The flesh
tints are clear and mellow and the ox
jir< .-^-ion is curiously lifelike. One can
imagine how delightful it v.-ould be to
listen to the Princess' weird and fantas
THE SUNDAY CALL.
tiral tales. Another striking- canvas by
her Is "The Knitting Girl," which was
exhibited in the Paris Salon in ICS7.1 C S7. An
other of her picture.-- which has peculiar
interest aside from Its artistic excel
Is cntitl ■: "At the Spinning Wh :el." It
is a splendid likeness of the woman who.
■when a young gftl, posed for Millet's
On her return to Paris she exhibited cno
of her canvases at the Universal Expo-
Fltion and was honored with the htunze
modal, a prize much coveted by artists.
Among the special and other exhibitions
made by the clever American woman
were as follows: Annual exhibition at
Rouen; Versailles Museum; St. Botolph
Club and Art Museum. Boston; World's
Fair, Chicago; Nashville Exposition, and
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art in
July, 1897.
A great deal was said in the papers
when Miss Augusta Klumpke was ap
pointed an interne In one of the' Paris hos
pita!?. At that time there were 108 women
studying medicine in Paris. .Of these,
curiously enough, more than half were
Russian", while not half a dozen were
Americans. Despito this fact Miss
T^t
Klumpke was the successful competitor.
She was established in a hospital of
ninety patients, making two visits a day
and her night watch at stated intervals,
at which times she was entirely respon
sible for the management of the placs.
Her advent was not hailed with acclama
tion by the male intern* s, because of the
prejudices that then existed against wo
men entering the profession, but she ma
terially decreased this feeling by her ac
tivity and ability. She received her edu
cation in Switzerland and completed it in
Paris. She was the nrst woman to be
received as an interne in a French hos
pital and won a gold medal in competition
with three hundred students by writing
an able treatise on nervous diseases. She
was married to Dr. Dejerino, a member
of the faculty of medicine in one of the
leading institutions In Paris. Both are
now practicing their profession and have
a long list of patients.
Dorothea Klumpke won her way into
the Paris AFtronomlcal Observatory over
the heads of fifty Frenchmen who were
competing, and she now has charge of the
department which computes the measure
ments of the stars in the Paris belt. She
works eagerly from 9 o'clock in the morn
ing till 5 o'clock in the afternoon, and
frequently at night she stays up in the
round tower with her telescope turned
searchingly upon the stars. Miss Klumpke
went to Europe twenty years ago and has
studied in Germany, Switzerland and
• Paris. She Is a . charming and accom
He Whipped the Wrong Girl.
A laughable story about a German pro
fessor appears in the Jugend. An assid
uous student is this worthy nedap
and he naturally hates to be disturb* I by
noisy children. Now it happened that the
Other evening his wife left the house tor
a few hours and his children ;r.
themselves of the opportunity to have a
good time. They raced from n>>m to
room, laughing and shouting, until finally
their unfortunate father, who was busy
over some abstruse mathemaik-al prob
lem thought that he would so distracted.
In vain he bade them be quiet:, In vain
he wrestled with his logarithms. Finally
he lost patience and, rushing from his
study, he ordered them all to go to bed.
A3 it was only 6 o'clock tney naturally
remonstrated, but a.l, with one exception,
retired to their bedrooms.
The one exception was a little girl. She
pllshed woman, of whom all American.
Lv well be proud. She was recently
tted by the French Government
She is a !irm believer in the astronomical
future of America and she is eager to
return to her own country and carry on
her work of science.
Miss Julia Klumpke visited this city
about four years ago and was offered the
position ni instructor in the State Blind
Asylum and some other institution. She
bright future in her chosen sphere
as ehe has marked ability. A brother of
the brilliant worn, n resides in this city.
He is John "W. Klumpke and is an elec
trician. .
positively refused to go to bed. and the
w P rt , h ? Pr ' l "nd it necessary to
administer a .iui.. corporal punishment
wi ,h produced the desired effect
professor waa now able to pursue
and nothing di"-
Wjn until his wife returned H*r
s: "Where are the chll
"' '• He ti Id her what had occurred.
a ' 8 "* ; " " [ '•' w ont upstairs to look
after the flock. Present^ ah o came back
In a state ol great excitement, and cried
out v, her husband: "I think you must
be crazy. ] thought that something was
wrong when you told me that you
whipped one of the children because she
wouldn't go to bed. Now. do you know
what you have done? The child you
whipped vrasn t ours at all. but Dr Nle
mayer s little girl, who has been spending
the evening here." sA TRIO OF CALIFORNIA ACTRESSES, -^^ M*« .team at the Alcazar ' -iHi- NOW AT OUR LOCAL THEATERS
YORK. Oc'. :.— TT-.a influence o*
: vf ir:i -" ; i upon the health and general
r \' are °f the community is s:rr.ply incal
■F^' an ';-- -■■■ stage has -wielded an immense
■F',"'" 1 " for ■'•' and forevil since early times.
■JP r - i i eh; it pow«r seems to Increase rather than
aa the j-ears pass. Some p^ssimlsfs lay
:: ph.i.-,:^ -;pn- the^vii and s^ut t:i-lr e~-3 to tn^.
i-eoyle v.-11l be amused; they muat be. If good
■p..:lrg3 axe not offered them, th^n what a ivsponei-
I u;.ity la resting apan th<? actors and managers who
Bfcave aKromed the High uK: of ministering to m nce<:»
of the public.
Pessimists tak*» every season an unfavorable vl<rw of
the stagf. and with painful monotony s^eak (.Its decline
But the close student of cur drama will always find much to
HaV* him
r. d fur-
Jr. is. ade-
H?:!:- reason
HT't hope.
| The material
■-;:<■ ri:;.- of a :.a-
always affects
amusements. The
of the war with
brought prosper-
and a measure of na-
Ht! or. a 1 repose. One of the
■first results ".:' this prosper-
was a rich musical and
season. Last season
■wa.* notable for its richne?s and
■variety. The great success of
(grand opera, of many "irsjjors and
pianists, of many dramatic artists^
and of certain i
Mdented. "Nathan Hale" seemed to be
the only new p'.ay of strictly national
Interest. There Is a rich field for the
dramatist In the early history of this
country. It stands to reason that the
people will welcome cordially plays lound
ed upon that history, because they appeal
to the sentiment of patriotism, of innate
love of country, as well as to the feeling
for romaneo and adventure. X. C. Good
win's financial is well as artistic success
In "Nathan Hale" wad an auspicious
event for the American drama.. But, look-
Ing forward to what w>s are to have this
season, there seems to have been small
opportunity furnished to either the Amer
ican dramatist or to subjects relating to
American life or American history. The
major of the new plays are written by
English ar.d French author?, and the sub
jects are no more American than they are
English, When Mr. Goodwin returns from
England, where he is oarr.ine: such de
served ami satisfying support from the
English public, he may possibly revive
"Nathan Hale" and give us also "The
Cowboy and the Lad but wHh the ex
ception of "William H. Crane, who is to
appear in "Peter Stuyresant," a play
written by two American authors, there
is little prospect of any other actor ap
pearing in a play of American subject or
interest.
oy sunken
Wallack's opened with "A Little Ray of
Sunshine," a bright, interesting comedy,
acted by an English company headed by
William Elton. At this theater we have
tad Stuart Robso] in his version of "The
Gadfly."- Then W. H. Crar.e i 3 to be there
with "Peter Htuyvcsant." Frank Daniels
is to bring out a new opera by Victor
Herbert: Olga -Nethersole is to come, and
then there will be a number .of Charles
Frohman's productions.
Mr. Dsry's d«ath an<i the subaaquent
sale of his theater to the Fro-hmans have
caused certain changes at the Lyceum.
Inter-
esting In- *<^^^^H
terA'lew With "^^l
V Miss Kate Dalglish "%^^H
0 In Which She Re= %^M
& counts a Few of Her Va= "^^B
y $ rim Theatrical Experiences. *5 1
*l ~T ES. I am a product of the Pacific
/ Coast. I began my early life on
f , the stage here and laid the foun
>*• dation of r,-'r.a: I am to-day and
C^J. what 1 hono to be in the future
when I have loarrie^l of Mmc. Modjeska."
Kate Dalglish of the Modjeska company
and I had been "'.ing for some time,
and after abusing the climate and rtis
ccssing plays and people in general we
finally reached the object of my call—
he-elf.
■•Xo, I am not going to tell you my
past. You don't want my private life,
and hat is interesting or romantic about
the day to day experiences one has in a
stock house? Nothing. Let us just chat
and not pi ourselves down to one subject.
Of hard-luck stories I have as many if
no: more than any one In the profession.
Bf&nyv rr.ar.y times I have sat down on
the ragged edges of my trunk and thought
thing's over- y<=s. locs and lots of times —
ami if there has benn the smallest, Light
est chance of failing financially, Kate
Dal&lish has failed. Oh, well, my past
is immaterial to the future."
And Mia hack and
laughed heartily. I did not ask why. but
:" the "rage dges"
times to be the cause. But it wasn't.
"My bad hsa'.l for figures has always
been a standing joke in our family, and I
was laughing at a remark my baby made
when I was home," Miss Dalglish ex
plained. "Oh, yes," seeing my took of sur
prise, ■•I have a little girl: she Is. 9 now."
Miss Dalglish 1 a face softened and her eyes
had a faraway look as she told this little
incident.
. said, Kate's bad head for flpures
:
iri~ my hair— l dresjs it miserably, a.
and always shall— Dixie said to me:
" "Say. Mammn Kate, why don't you do
your hair bettor? You look very sweet,
only your hair doesn't look nice.'
"I paid no attention, and she went on:
" 'Say, Ma trim a Kate, why don't you do
your hair in Afieure eight?'
"Still I pai.Nt^u^ttention, and 'Dixie
leaned over, picked up her doll, heaved
a little sigh and said:
" 'Well. I s^ifss it's because Mamma
Kate's got such an awful bad head for
figures.' "
We laug-hed, and Miss Dalgrlish went on:
"One talent crushes out another, and
my art bump crushes cut the bump of
calculation; they are misfits, and finan
cially I am a failure, and to such an ex
tent that my people laugh about it. and
ray baby, hearing them, giVes 'Kates
bad head for figures' the blame for othsr
deficiencies.
"Hot long have I been on the stage? Bo
long that If I told the. number of years
people would immediately ask questions
about my age,", laughed Miss Dalglish.
"But, do you know, that Is something I
THE SrNDAY CALL.
ran t understand. As soon as a woman
becomes famous, as soon a.s she makes a
noi.se, -How okl la bho?' is the first ques
tion asked. Xot 'hi she an artist, -i «je
nius. a talented woman, a success?' but
'Kov»- old is sht? 1
"111 ■
■
■ -
i
■
It Is un-
Miss Dalglish's eyes flashed and she
look.-d as though she ant every word.
"It must be born in us— this age ques
tion. To quote my baby, I promise not to
do it again. She came to me one day
aftor having a quarrel with a little friend.
She described t.*e disagreement and
wound up by saying: 'I wouldn't have
cared a bit, Mamma Kate, only that girl's
old enough to know better. Why, she's
six years old if she's a day." And so it
goes— yes, she certainly is .i good actres.-,
but her age— her airo. How cross it makes
me." Her s!ir>p«r beat a little irriiat^d
tattoo on the floor and I could not help
tmnk'ng her right. A woman who is suc
cessful, a woman who attracts attention
or makes the world know she is alive
usually is possessed of, if nothing else can
be found against her, the years of Methu
selah, or some other petty deficiency. I
wonder sometimes if women hate to see
a sister climb to the top of the ladder:
To hear her lauded and praised and ad
mired. Is age such a sore point with us
that in our eyes greatness is dimmed
by It?
'"Tell me something about yourself pro
fessionally." I asked. '"Is this your first
season with Modjeska?"
"Yes. and the beginn'ng of a new era
My professional career up to now has
been thorough, bufinsignificent of inter
est; obscurity has been its most pro
nounced feature and now I consider it my
greatest privilege, the greatest privilege
any one could have, to continue it under
Modjeska. To me— yea— there are stars
many, many stars, but there Is "but one
Modjeaka. To excel her impossible — to
equal her the dream of my life. From
now on I owe everything to her. The tri
umphs I may attain, the name I may
make, will be due to her. Due to my fol
lowing in the footsteps of a wonderful
woman and our greatest artist.
"My future? My future Is simply, a mat
ter of destiny. I drift. I make no plans.
Accept what comes and work to do what
1 may do. I leave it to the stars," laughed
Miss Dalglish. "I drift— we all drift."
"Brilliant, talented and will make a
great name for herself," Is what people
who know say of Modjeska's leading lady
— Kate Dalglish— and I believe them.
j !■ • .i :"
years : ' ; TH
cv s t o n '
H. So them
open that '■■ 2^!^B
homellkt ;'.: •■:!-• r!^B
i continue there '^^H
[ some time in
v.inbcr and then ?^^B
give place to the ••-'"^^B
ceum Theater s;.>ckH
I company^ — a o< r.;p::r;?^^H
j celebrated ail over i:T?^H
country for its .-.■. : : -^fy ':^t!M
artistic, Caithfu: work. Tr.N^M
| year iho Lyceum has ' ■"^(^B
opened by ilisd Annie R;. -■•■•\l^^H
anil at the head cf a c^v i:-y^B
in which are the two most .■■•..•■■-r^^M
tant members of Daly's c!d corn^^^M
pany, with the exception of Mis? i>-^H
bar,, of course. Then Mr. Sotheru has^B
opened Dalyjs Theater with a revival ofß
"The King's Musketeers." Ho will be fol
lowed by the Lyceum Theater stock com
pany. The Empire wa3 op-cued by. .a re
vival of that sparkling', racy farce. "Hid
Excellency, the Governor," In v.'hlch ILL 33
Jef?!»i Mlllward does such brilliant and
skillful work. Then, according to his cus
tom. John Drew camo to the Empire? pre
senting: "Thf Tyranny cf Tears." It v.'il!
have a long run, and then the Etnni-e
Theater Stock Company will conic into its
own. On Tuesday, September 12. the
Fit'th-avenue was opened by Mrs. Fiske.ln
her lons premised production of "Bt.-cky
Sharp." Mr<. Fiske had already be«n
seen in Montreal, and, I doubt not, been
warmly and enthusiastically welcomed ty
the cultivated people o£ the city. One of
the Montreal papers excited some c<im
miperatlng criticism frofn the Brc<Jklyn
Eagle because of Us foolish, and untimely
remarks upon the morale of Mrs. Fiskc's
play.
The Garrick Theater was oper.ed by
Mrs. Leslie Carter in "Zaza." The 3lon
tauk was opened by a brilliant .presenta
tion by Herbert Kelcey and ERic Shannon
of their interesting play, "The Moth and
the Flame." Then chey. took it to the
Harlem Opera-house. It is good news
that we'are to see these popular actors in
a new play soon.
The Herald Square Theater be?an.the
season by a production .of "The Only
Way." a dramatisation of Bickens' "Tale
of Two Cities. This cannot fall to hn
one of the most Important productions. of
the year. Henry Miller as the lovable,
splf-sacrificlns Sydney Cartcn ; ba3 bsen
warmly welcomed. In ... company axe
several v.-011-know:i actors — anioncr them
the Lyceum's leading man, E. J. 21or
gan; the veteran actor, J. H. Stod
dart. together with. Margaret Angitn and
D. H. Harklns. •
«*8 Wc'i-Td si
The Fir'VTv.-ny. Ti-b.seh li~s be- pis bo^^h^^H^^H
by Jacob Lut. after renovating its ir-.to^H
rior, opened its doors with a new play c.-ilied^^H
"Tae Ghetto." In its cast is that •■.■cjelit-nt^B
actor. Syaneif I-Icrbert. one of Daly's bestH
actor?. Wliathor tli!s production will affect thai
popularity cf Mr. promised play re
mains t.o be seen.
■ ' ' yt's,
■
J. K.
. : will
2728
ACTIVE
SERVICE
MARJORY WATXYVRIGHT falla In love with Rufus Coleman, Sunday editor
of the New York Eclipse She tolls her father. one of the most learned
professors In a srect Eastern college, of her Intention to marry Coleman.
and in spite of tie fact that •■-.r.an was at one time a favorite pupil the
match la moat bitterly opposed by him. He arranges a trip to Greece, hoping to
prevent the wedding. Coleman call? on Marjory for en answer to his suit. To
try his affection she treats him coldly and announces her trip to Greece. He
misunderstands, and the result is they say goo<l-by in a most matter of fact
manner, but. Marjory rushes in tears to her father, fully convinced that Coleman
doe^ not love her, while Cole! (toes to the chin and drowns his grief in
drink. The professor arranges to ta!;e some o( ills students with his family to
Greece — among them a young Bophomore named Coke, v.'ho has distinguished him
self In a freshman rush and is regarded by Coleman in the light of a rival. Cole
man gets an appointment as war correspondent of the Eclipse for the war In
Greece and sal.:! via London. On the steamer he meets Nora Black, a celebrated
dancer and en old friend, who pays him marked attention. .
Coleman rather slights tl;e attentions of the fair Nora and In turn Is himself,
snubbed, lie leaves London without telling her good-by, although she »lts Rear
him at Buppfr, an 3 from remarks she ikes to her party he knows ehs is fond of
him. In Greece he learns that the Walnwrlght party aie at Nlkopolis and In dan
ger, so h« sets cut for that point at once.
Colernun llr.is the approach to Nlkopolis surround' i*. with difficulties and no
trace of the Wainwishts. He receives a cablegram from the Eclipse to ascer
tain the whereabouts of the party at all hazards, as their position had already
created considerable comment in America.
He proceeds with a portion of the Greek cavalry toward Nlkopolis. The Greeks
hear of reverses and suddenly retreat, leaving Coleman and his dragoman to get
back the beat way they can. Night cornea on. and by a queer chance the Wain
wrights overtake Colf-man on the road. They are unarmed and in a state of
trepidation. All are In danger of massacre by either Greek or Turkish hillsmcn
and the burden of taking the party to safety falls on Coleman. Thf- party proceeds
on Its way to Ana and meet.-' the Greek outpost, but learns of further dangers
ahead. To the surprise of all they meet Nora Black with a party on the road.
Ccleman and party reach" the Grecian settlement in safety. Nora Black begins
to mcks trouble. Oman dines alene with her and is afterward accused by
Coke of having made love to her and been repulsed. A row ensues, which la In
terrupted by the Interference of the professor and the college students.
The professor and students take Colemar.'a rart. Coke sulks and will not
breakfast with the party. He meets Nora Black and Is asked by her to ride in
her carriage to Athens.
The party proceeds without Coke. They have a skirmish with peasants outside
of a roadside inn. Coleman is s-Hghtly wounded and in consequence he and Mar
jory again declare th Ii love for eaoJi other. Coke and Nora Black arrive at the
Jnn and Nora assumes propri<toish!p of leman In such a way that he becomes
enraged, pettishly lea-yes the Wainwrights and proceeds on his way alone to the
railroad. At the station he is delayed and sees the other party drive up, with his
rival, Coke, by Marjory's side.
Coleman is forced to travel with the party to Athens'. On the way he endeavors
to explain to Mar; ■ The result is a misunderstanding. Marjory confides to her
father that she Btill loves Coleman devotedly and is heart-broken.
-.. . _
Once at dinner the Minister launched immediately into the subject of
Colcn.an. "lie must be altogether a most remarkable man. When he told
me very quietly that he was going to try to rescue you I frankly warned
him against any such attempt. I thought he would merely add one more
to a party of suffering people, But the boys tell me that he did actually
rescue you."
"Yes, he did," said the professor. "It was a very gallant performance
and we are very gratefuL"
"Of course," spoke Mrs. Wainwright, "we might have rescued our
selves. We were on the right road, and all we had to do was to keep
going on."
Yes-, but I understand—" said the Minister. "1 understand ho took you
Into a wood to protect you from that tight, ana generally protected you
from all kinds 01 rouble^ 11 seems wonaerful to me not bo much because
it was done as because it was done by the man who me time ago calmly
announced to me that he was going to do it. Extraordinary."
"Of course," said Mrs. Wainwright. "Oh, of course."
"And where is he now?" asked the Minister suddenly. "Has he now
left you to the mercies of civilization?"
There w:m a moment's curious stillness, and then Mrs. Wainwright
used that high voice which— students believed— could only come to her
when she wa.s about to say something peculiarly destructive to the sensi
bilities. "Oh, of .course, Mr. Coleman rendered "us a great service, but In
his private character he is not a man whom we exactly care to associate
with."
"Indeed!" said the Minister, staring. Then he hastily addressed the
students. "Well, Isn't this a comic war? Did you ever Imagine war could
be like this?" The professor remained looking at his wife with an air of
stupefaction, as it she bad opened up to him visions of imbecility of which
he. had not even dreamed. The students loyally began to chatter at the
Minis! "Yes, sir. it is a queer war. After all their bragging, it is
funny to hear that they "are running away with such agility. We thought,
cf course, of the old Greek wars."
Later the Minister asked them all to his rooms for coffee and cigar
ettes, but the professor and Mrs. Wainwright apologetically retired to their
own quarters. The Minister and the students made clouds of smoke,
through which pang the eloquent descriptions of late adventures.
The Minister had spent da: of listening to questions from the State
Department at Washington as to the whereabouts of trie Wainwright
party. "I suppose you know that you are very prominent people in the
United States just now? Four pictures must have been in all the papers,
and there must have been columns printed about you. My life here was
made almost insupportable by your friends, who consist, I should think,
of about half the population of the country. Of course they laid regular
eiego to the department. I am angry at Colt-man for only one thing. When
he cabled the news of your rescue to his newspaper from Arta he should
have also wired me, If only to relieve my failing mind. My first news of
your escape was from Washington— think of that." ,
"Coleman had us all on his hands at Arta," said Peter Tounley. "He
was a fairly busy man."
"I suppose so," said the Minister. "By the way," he asked bluntly,
"what is wrong with him? What did Mrs. Wainwright mean?"
They were silent for a time, but it seemed plain to him that it was not
evident that his question had demoralized them. They seemed to be delib
erating upon the form of answer. Ultimately Peter Tounley coughed be
hind his hand. "You see ,sir," he began, "there is— well, there is a woman
in the case. Not that anybody would care to speak of it excepting: to you.
But that is what is the cause of things, and then, you see, Mrs. Wain
wright is— well— " He hesitated a. moment and then completed his sen
tence In the ingenuous profanity of his age and condition. "She is rather
an extraordinary old bird."
"But who is the woman?"
"Why, it is Nora Black, the actress,"
"Oh, cried the Minister, enlightened. "Her? "Why, I saw her hare.
She was very beautiful, but she seemed harmless enough. Sha was some
what—confident, perhaps, but she did not alarm me. She called upon
me, and I confess I— why, she seemed charming."
"She's sweet on little Rufus. That's the point," said an oracular voice
"Oh," cried the host, suddenly, "I remember. She asked me where he
was. She said she had heard he was In Greece, and I told her ho had gone
knight-erranting off after you people. I remember now. I suppose sh<"
posted after him up to Arta, eh?"
"That's It. And so she asked you where he was?"
"Yes."
"Why, that old flamingo— Walnwri»htr-inslsts that It was a ren
dezvous."
Every one exchanged glances and laughed a little.
"And did you see any actual fighting?" asked the Minister.
"No. We only heard it—"
Afterward, as they were trooping up to their rooms, Peter Tounley
epoke musingly. "Well, 11 looks to me now as if Old Mother Walnwrieht
was just a bad-minded old hen." ■
"Oh, I don't know. How is one going to tell what the truth is?"
"At any rate, we are sure now that Coleman had nothing to do with
Nora's debut in Enirus."
They had talked much of Coleman, but in their tones there always had
been a note of indifference or carelessness. This matter, which to «ome
people was as vital and fundamental as existence, remained to nthers~who
knew of it only a harmless detail of life, with no terrible powers and Its
Significance had faded greatly when had ended the close associations of
the late adventure.
After dinner th© professor had gono directly to his daughter's room
Apparently she had not moved. He knelt by the bedside again and took
one of her hands. She was not weeping. She looked at him and smiled
through tha darkness. "Daddy, I would like to die," she said. "I think
—yes— l would like to die." ■-■•.•-. .
For a long time the old man was silent, but ho arose at last with a
definite abruptness and said hoarsely, "Walt!" .
Mrs, Wainwright was standing- before her mirror with her elbows
thrust out at angles above her head, while- her fingers moved In a disar
rangement of her hair. In the glass she saw a reflection of her husband
coming from Marjory's room, and hi« face was set with some kind of
alarming purpose. She turned to watch him actually, but he walked to
ward the door into the corridor and did not in any wise heed her "Harrl
eon!" ("he called. here are you going?" ;•
He turned a troubled face upon her and as if she had hailed him In his
Bleep. He vacantly said, "What?"
"Where are you going:?" she demanded with increased trepidation.
He dropped heavily into a. chair. "Going?" he repeated.
She was angry. "Yes! Going! Where are you going?"
"1 arr going—' he answered. "I am going to see Rufus Coleman."
Mrs. Wainwright gave voice to a muffled scream. "Not about Mar
jory?" .'■>
"Yes," he said, "aTTout Marjory."
It was now Mrs. Wainwright's turn to look at her husband with an
air of stupefaction as !f he had opened up to her visions of imbecility of
•which she had not even dreamed. "About Marjory!" she gurgled Then
suddenly her wrath flamed out. "Well, upon my word, Harrison Wain
wright, you are. of all men in the world, the most silly and stupid You
.- n absolutely beyond belief. Of all projects! And what do you think
Marjory would have to say of it If she knew it? I suppose you think she
would like it. Why, I tell you, she would keep her right hand in the fire
until it was burned off before she would allow you to do such a thing"
"She must never know It," responded the professor in dull misery
"Then think of yourself! Think of the shame of it! The shame of it!"
The professor raised his eyes for an ironical glance at his wife "Oh
• • I have thought of the shame of it!" • '
"And you'll accomplish nothing," cried Mrs. 'Wamwriirht. "You'll ac
complish nothing. He'll only laugh at you."
"If he laughs at me he will laugh at nothing but a poor, weak un
worldly old man. It Is my duty to go." " '.., .-.-.! ? « - ■<;
Mrs. Walnwrlght opened her mouth as If she was about to «hrtek Vfter
choking a moment she said: "Your duty? Your duty to go and bend the
knee to that man? Your duty?"
" 'It Is my duty to pro.' " he repeated humbly. "If I can find even one
chance for my daughter's happiness Ii a personal sacrifice. He can do no
more than— ho can do no more than make me a little sadder."
His wife evidently understood hla humility as a tribute to her areu
ments and a cleer Indication that she had fatally undermined his orljrlnal
Intention. "Oh. he would have made you sadder." she quoth grimly. "No
fear! Why. it was the most Insane lfl«*a I ever heard of."
The professor arose wearily. "Well. I must be going to this work It
Ib a thing to have ended quickly." There was something almost biblical in
his manner.
"Harrison!" burst out hi« wife in amaaed lamentation. "You are not
really going to do it? Not really?"
"I am going to do It." ho answered.
"Well, there!" ejaculated Mrs. Wair.wrtght to th© heavens. She was so
to speak, prostrate. "We!!, there!"
As th" professor passed out of the door she cried beseechingly but
futilely after him. "Harrison!" In a mechanical way she turned then back
to the mirror and resumed the disarrangement of her hair. She addressed
her Image. "Well, of all etupid creatures under the Bun, men are th»
*^\ \ /'// * >
Copyrighted.
[Continued.]
very worstl" And hr-r Imago said this to lur even as she informed It, and
afterward thej stared at each other in a profound and tragic recep-tion
ceptai ■of this great truth.
Presently she begun to consider the advisability of going to Marjory
with the whi le story. Really Harrison must not be allowed to go on blun
dering until the whole world heard that Marjory was trying to break her
heart dv< r th it common scamp of a Coleman. It seemed to be about time
for her, Mrs. Wainwrfght, to come into the situation and mend matters.
CHAPTER XXVII.
"vThen the professor arrived before Coleman's door ho paused a m.c»»
mem and looked at it. Previously he could not have Imagined that a
simple door would ever so affect him. Every line of it seemed to
Express cold superiority and disdain. It was only the door of &^^^H
former student, one of his old boys, whom, as the need arrived, I
he had whipped with his satire "in the classrooms at Waßhurst I
until the mental blood had come, and all without a concept
tion of his ultimately arriving- before the door of this boy __^^^^^l
in the altitude of a— supplicant. He would not say it; Cole' ■
man probably would not say it; but— they would both __^^^^^^H
know It. A single thought of it made him feel like run*
ning away. He would never dare to knock on that I
iloor. It would be too monstrous. And even as ho^l^H
decided thru he was afraid to knock, he knocked,B^B
Goleman'a voice said, "Come in. The pro
fessor opened the door. The correspondent, I
without coat, was seated at a paper-It t-^^M
tered table. Near his elbow, upon an-^^^|
other table; was a tray from which he-^H
had < ' ' "ntly dined and also a l>ran-«^^B
dy bottle, with several r<'cuml;entHi
bottles of soda. Although he had I
so lately arrived at the hotel
he had contrived to ditTusoH^^^H
his traps over the room IoBH
an organized uisarray,Mß
which presented a loi^H^H
ami careless <-< - "npa-^^B
tion if it did not rpjfl
!■ •• iit the
of a .•'■■urie. 1 lisH
pipe was _nJi
his mouth.M
After ixm
first mur-HB
fflur of I
The Correspondent, Without a Coat. Was Seated
at a Paper-Littered Table.
prise he arose and reached in Borne haste for his coat. "Come In, pro
cessor, come in " he cried, wriggling deeper Into his jacket as ho held
out his hand. He had laid aside his pipe and had also been very success
ful in flinging a newspaper so that it nid the brandy and soda. This act
was a feat of deference to the professor's well-known principles.
"Won't you sit down, sir/" said Cult-man cordially. His quick glance
or surprise had been immediately suppressed and his manner was now as
II the professor call was a common matter.
"Thank you, Mr. Coleman, yes, 1 will sit down," replied 'the old man.
His hand shook as he laid it on the back of the chair ana steadied, himself
down into it. "Thank you!"
Coleman looked at him with. & great deal of expectation.
"Mr. Colemanl" -. :-.)?-3 -.-
"Yea, Blr." v
He halted then and passed his hand over his face. His eyes did not
seem to rest once upon Coleman, but they occupied themselves in furtive
and frightened glances over the room. Coleman could make Neither head
nor tail of the affair. He would not have believed any man's statement
that the professor could act in such an extraordinary fashion. "Yes, sir?"
he said again, suggestively. The simple strategy resulted in a silence
that was actually awkward. Coleman, despite his bewilderment, hastened
Into a preserving gossip. "I've had a great many cables waiting for me
for heaven knows how long and others have been arriving in flocks to
night. You have no Idea of the row in America, professor. "Why, every
body must have gone wild over the lost sheep. My paper has cabled some
tilings that are evidently for you. For instance, here is one that says a
new puzzle game called 'Find the Walnwrlght Party' has had a big suc
cess. Think of that, would you?" Coleman grinned at the professor.
" 'Find the Walnwright Party.' a new puzzle game."
The professor had seemed grateful for Coleman's tangent off 'into mat
ters of a light vein. "Yes?" he said, almost eagerly. "Are they selling a
game* really called that?"
"Yes, really," replied Coleman. "And of course you know that— er—
Well, all the Sunday papers would of course have big Illustrated articles
full pages— your photographs and general private histories pertaining
mostly to things which are none of their business?"
•'Yes, 1 suppose they would do that," admitted th« professor. "But I
dare say it may not be as bad as you suggest."
"Very like not," said Coleman. "I put it to you forcibly so that in the
future the blow will not be too cruel. They are often a weird lot."
"Perhaps they can't ilnd anything very bad about us."
"Oh, no. And besides the. whole episode will probably be forgotten by
the time you return to the United States." y
They talked on this way slowly, strainedly, until they each found that
the situation would boon become insupportable. The professor had come
for a distinct purpose and Coleman know it; they could not sit there lvine
at each other forever. Yet when he saw the pain deepening in the pro
fessor's eyes the correspondent again ordered up his trivialities "Funny
thing. My paper has been congratulating me, you know, sir, in a whole
sale fashion, and I think— l feel sure— that they have been exploiting mv
name all over the country as the Heroic Rescuer. There Is no sense in
trying to stop them, because they don't care whether It is true or not true
All they want is the privilege of howling out that their correspondent res
cued you, and they would take that privilege without in any wav worry
ing if I refused- my consent. You see, sir? I wouldn't like you to "feel that
1 was such a strident idiot as I doubtless am appearing now before the
public." .
"No," said the professor absently. It was plain that he had been a
very slack listener. "I— Mr. Coleman — " he began.
"Yes, sir?" answered Coleman promptly and gently '
It was obviously only a recognition of the futility of further dallvln*
that was driving the old man onward. He knew, of course, that If he 'was
resolved to take this step a longer delay would simply make it harder for
him. The correspondent, leaning forward", was watching him almost
breathlessly.
"Mr. Coleman, I understand— or at least lam led to believe— that you—
at once time proposed marriage to my daughter?"
The faltering words did not sound as if either man had aught to do
with them. They were an expression by the tragic muse herself. Cole
man s Jaw fell and he looked glassily nt the professor. He said, "Yes 1 "
But already his blood was- leaping as his mind flashed everywhere in specu
lation. . ■ ■
"I refused my consent to that marriage," Bald the old man more easily.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
"I do not know If the matter has remained Important to you, but at any
rate I— l retract my refusal."
Suddenly the blank expression left Coleman's face and he smiled with
sudden Intelligence as If information of what the professor had been say
ing had just reached him. In this smile there was a sudden betrayal too,
of something keen and bitter which had laid" hidden in the man's mind.
He arose and made a step toward the professor and held out .his hand.
"Sir, I thank you from the bottom of my heart!" And they both seemed
to note with surprise that Coleman'a voice had broken.
The professor had arisen to receive Coleman's hand. His nerve was
now of iron and he was very formal. "I judge from your tons that I have
not made a mistake — something which I feared."
Coleman did not seem to mind the professor's formality. "Don't fear
anything. Won't you sit dow>n again? Will you have a cigar? • • No, I
couldn't tell you how glad I am. ■ How glad I am. I feel like a fool. •
But the professor fixed him with an Arctic eye and bluntly said, "You
lov« her?"
The question steadied Coleman at once. He looked undauntedly straight
Into the professor's face. He simply paid, "I love her!"
"You love her?" repeated the professor.
"I love her," repeated Coleman.
After some seconds of pregnant silence the professor arose. "Well, If
she cares to give her life to you I will allow It, but I must say that I do
not consider you nearly good enough. Good-night." He smiled faintly as
he held out his hand.
Good-night, sir." said Coleman. "And I can't tell you how—"
Mrs. Walnwrlght, in -her room, was languishing in a chair and apply
ing to her brow a handkerchief wet with cologne water. She kept her
feverish glance upon the door. Remembering well the manner of her hu3
-1 anil when he went out, she could hardly identify him when he came In.
Serenity, composure,' even self-satisfaction, was written upon him. He
paid tio attention to her, but going to a chair sat down with a groan of
contentment.
"Well?" cried Mrs. Walnwright, starting up. "Well?"
"Well— what?" he asked.
She waved her band impatiently. "Harrison, don't be absurd. You
know perfectly well what I mean. It Is a pity you couldn't think of tha
anxiety 1 have been in." She was going to weep.
"Oh. I'll toll you after a while." he said, stretching out his lego with
the complnrency of a rich merchant after a succi ssful day.
"No! Tell mo now." she implored him. "Can'i you see I've worried my
self nearly to death?" She was not going to weep; she was going to wax
angry.
"Well, to tell the truth," said the professor, with considerable pompos
ity, "I've arranged it. Didn't think I could do it at first, but it turned
out—"
" 'Arranged it'?" wailed Mrs. Wainwright. "Arranged what?"
It here seemed to strike the professor suddenly that he was not such a
flaming example for diplomatists as he might have imagined. "Arranged,"
he stammered. "Arranged—"
"Arranged what?"
"Why. i fixed — r fixed it up."
"Fixed what up?"
"It— it— " began the professor. Then he swelled with Indignation. "Why,
can't you understand anything at all? I— l fixed it."
"Fixed what?"
"Fixed It. Fixed it with Coleman."
"Fixed what with Coleman?"
The professor's wrath r.ow took control of him. "Thunder and light
enln'! You seem to jump at the conclusion that I've made some horrible
mistake. For goodness' sake, give me credit for a particle of sense."
"What did you do?" she asked in a sepulchral voice.
"Well," said the professor, in a burning defiance, "I'll tell you what I
flirt. I went to Col-man and told him that once— as he of course knew — I
ha"d refused his marriage with my daughter, but that now—"
"Grrr!" said Mrs. Wninwrlght.
"But that now" continued the professor "I retracted that refusal."
"Mercy on v: ■'." ni -<l Mrs. Walnwright, throwing: herself back in the
chair. "Mercy on us: what fools men are!"
"Now, wait r. minute — "
But Mrs. Walnwrljrht began to croon: "Oh, If Marjory should hear of
this! Oil. if shr> should !:<;.;■ of it! Just let her hear— "
"But i-ho must not," cried the professor, tlgerlshly. "Just you dare!"
And the woman saw before her a man whose eyes were lit with a ilame
Which almost expressed a temporary hatred.
The professor had left Coleman so abruptly that the correspondent
found himself murmuring hr.lf-coherent gratitude to the closed door of his
room. Amazement soon i r-jran to be mastered by exultation. He flung
himself upon the brandy and soda and negotiated a strong- glass. Pacing
th« room with nervous steps, he caught a vision of himself in a tall mir-
ror,
yir.d he
halted
before It.
"Well," he
sain, "Ku-
fus, you're a
fraud man.
There is not
your equal any-
'whore. luu are a
great, bold, strong
player, fit to sit down to
H^ a game with the best."
a moment later it struck
him that be had appropriated
too much. If the prolessor haa
paid him a Visit and made a won-
derlul announcement, he, Coleman,
had i.ot been the engine of it. And then
he (•:;;..»■,.. led clearly something in his
mind which even in a vague I orra had
been responsible far much or his early ela-
■ tlon. Marjory herself bad compassed this thing.
With shame he rejected a llrst wild and prepos
terous idea that she baa sent her father to him.
He reflected that a man who for an instant could con-
ceive sucn a thing was a natural-born idiot. Wnn an
equal feeling he rejected also an idea that -sue could have
known anything of her father's purpose. If she had known of
his purpose there would have been no visit. What, then, was
the cause? Coleman soon decided that the professor had wit
nessed some demonstration of Marjory's emotion which had teen
sufficiently severe m its character to torce him to the extraordinary visit.
But then this .also was wild and preposterous. That coldly beautiful god
dess would not have given a demonstration of emotion over Kutus Cole
man smticlent alarming to have forced her father on such an errand. That
was impossible. .No he was wrong; Marjory even Indirectly could not be
connected With the visit. As he arrived at. this decision the enthusiasm
passed out of him and he wore a doleful monkish face.
"Well, what, then, was the cause?" After eliminating Marjory from
the discussion aging in his mind he found it hard to hit upon anything
rational. '1 he only remaining theory was to the effect that the professor,
having a very high sense of the correspondent's help in the escape of tne
Wainwright party, had decided that the only way to express his gratitude
was to revoke a certain decision which he now could see had been unfaiy.
The retort to this theory seemed to be that if the professor had had sucn
a line conception of the services rendered by Coleman h had had ample
time to display his appreciation on the road to Axta and on the road down,
from Arta. There was no necessity for his waiting until their arrival In.
Athens. It was impossible to concede that the professor's emotion could be
a new one; If he had It now he must have had it in far stronger measure
directly after he had been hauled out of danger.
So it may be seen that after Coleman had eliminated Marjory from the
discussion that was waging in his mind he had practically succeeded In
eliminating the professor as well. This, he thought mournfully, was elim
inating with a vengeance. If he dissolved all the factors he could hardly
proceeed.
The mind of a lover moves In a circle, or at least on a more circular
course than other minds, Borne of which at times even) seem to move almost
in a straight line. Presently Coleman was at the point where he had
started and he did not pause until he reached that theory which asserted
that the professor had been inspired to his visit by some Bight or knowl
edge of Marjory in distress." Of course Coleman waa wistfully desirous of
proving to himself the truth of this theory.
The palpable agitation of the professor during th© Interview seemed to
support it. If he had come on a mere journey of conscience he would have
hardly appeared as a white and trembling old man. But then, said Cole
man, he himself probably exaggerated this idea of the professor's appear
ance. . It might have be^en that he was only sour and distressed over th©
performance of a very disagreeable duty.
The correspondent paced his room and smoked. Sometimes he halted
nt the little table where was the brandy and soda. He thought so hard
that sometimes it seemed that Marjory had been to him to propose mar
riage, and at other times it seemed that there had been.no visit from any
one at all.
A desire to talk to somebody was upon him. He strolled downstairs
and into the smoking and reading rooms, hoping to see a man he knew,
even if it were Coke. But the only occupants were two strangers furiously
debating the war. Passing the Minister's room Coleman saw that there
was a light within, and he could not forbear knocking. He was bidden to
enter, and opened the door upon the Minister, carefully reading his Spec
tator, fresh from London.
He looked up and seemed very glad. "How are you?" he cried. "I was
tremendously anxious to see you, do you know? I looked for you to dine
with me /o-night, but you were not down."
"No; I had a great deal of work."
"Over the Wainwright affair? By the way, I want you to accept my
personal thanks for that work.. In a week more I would have gone de
mented and spent the rest of my life in some kind of a cage, shaking the
bars and howling out State Department messages about the Wainwrights
You see, in my territory there are no missionaries to get into trouble and
I was living a life of undisturbed and innocent calm, ridiculing the senti
ments of men from Smyrna and other interesting towns who maintained
that the diplomatic service was exciting. However, when the Wainwright
party got lost my life at once became very active. I was all but helpless
too, which was the worst of it. I suppose Terry at Constantinople must
have got grandly stirred up also. Pity he can't see you to thank you for
saving him from probably going mad. By the way," he added while
looking keenly at Coleman, "the Wainwrights don't seem to be smothering
you with gratitude?" &
"Oh, as much as I deserve— sometimes more," answered Coleman "My
exploit was more or less of a fake, you know. I was between the lines by
accident, or through the efforts of that blockhead of a dragoman I didn't
intend it. And then in the night, when we were waiting in the road be
cause of a fight, they almost bunked into us. That's all.
"They ten it better," said the Minister severely. "Especially the young
sters."
"Those kids got into a high old fight at a town up there beyond Agrln
ion. Tell you about that, did they?' I thought not. Clever kids. You havo
noted that there are signs of a few bruises and scratches?"
"Yes, but I didn't ask—"
"Well, they are from the fight. It seems the people took us for Ger
mans, and there was an awful palaver which ended In a proper and hand
some shindig. It raised the town, I tell you/V.-i-;-,
The Minister sighed in mock despair. "Take thes« P e ° p^_ h ?™? bi iTS!
you? Or at any rate conduct them out of the field of my responsiDimy.
Now. they would like Italy immensely. I am sure." rharmln*
Coleman laughed, and they smoked for a time. That s a cnarmn «
girl-Miss Wainwright," said the -Minister musingly. "And what a au^ 1
It does my exiled eyes good to see her. I suppose all those joun^steia a±m
madly in love with her? I don't see how they could help it ;>
"Yes," said Coleman glumly. "More than half of em. „__»,* tn trr
The Minister seemed struck with a sudden thought. °. u .?"J t^"j!
to win^that splendid prize yourself. The rescuer! Perseus! W nai uiuirm
Coleman answered calmly: "Well • • • I think I'll take your ad
vice." '
CHAPTER XXIX. , ,
The next morning Coleman awoke with a sign of a resoulte decision on
his face as if it had been a development of his sleep. He would sco ->^^f
jory as soon, as possible; see her despite any barbed-wire entangiemeiius
which might be placed in the way uy her mother, whom he regarded as
his strenuous enemy. 'And be would ask Marjory's hand in the presence
of all Athens if it became necessary. __ . . .■
He sat a long time at his breakfast in order to see the TN alnwrtg hta
enter the dining room, and as he was a.bout to surrender to the win ot
time they came in, the professor placid and self-satisfied, Mrs. v ainwrignt
worried and injured and Marjory cool, beautiful, serene. If there had oeen
any kind of a storm there was no trace of it in the white brow or tne gir*.
Coleman studied her closely but furtively while his mind spun arounu n.B
circle of speculation. '
Finally he noted the waiter -who was observing him with a paineti aar
as if it was on the tip of his tongue to ask this guest if he was going «>
remain at breakfast forever. Coleman passed out to the reading J^ 111 '
where upon the table a multitude of great red guide books were c-rusniny
the fragile magazines of London and Paris. On the wails were various de
pressing maps with the name of a tourist agency luridly upon them, ana
there were also some pictures of hotels with their rates— in. francs— yruuea
beneath. The room Vas cold, dark, empty, With the trail of the to-unai
upon it. , . ti . ____
Coleman went to tho picture of a hotel in Corfu and stared at it pre
cisely as if he was interested. He was standing before it when he neara
Marjory's voice just without the door. "All right! I'll wait." He did not
move for the reason that the hunter moves not when the unsuspecting
deer approaches his hiding place. She entered rather quickly and was well
toward the center of the room before she perceived Coleman. ' Oh! sn»
said and stopped. Then she spoke the immortal sentence, ;l sentence wmen,
curiously enough, is common to the drama, to the novel and to life. I
thought no one was here." She looked as if she was going to retreat, but
it would have been hard to make such retreat graceful, and prooabiy lor
this reason she stood her ground.
Coleman Immediately moved to a point between her avid th^ o.oot.
"You are not going to run away from me, Marjory "Wainwright. he cried
angrily. "You at least owe it to me to tell me definitely that you don t lov»
me — that you can't iove me—" -
She did not fare him with all of her old spirit, but she faced him. ana
In her answer there was the old Marjory. "A most common question. Da
you ask all your feminine acquaintances that?"
'•I mean—" he said, "I mean that I lov^ you and—"
"Yesterday— no To-day— yes. To-morrow — who knowa. Really^ yon
ought to take" some steps to know your own mind."
"Know my own mind," he retorted in a burst of indignation. Tfou
mean you ought to lake steps to know your own mind."
"My own mind! You — " Then she halted in acute confusion and all ne»
face went pink She had been, far quicker than the man. to define the
scene. She lowered her head. "Let me pass please— "
But Cok-man sturdily blocked the way and even took on© of her strug
gling bands "Marjory l -" And then his brain must have roared with a
thousand quick sentences, for they came tumbling out, one over the other.
• • Her resistance to the grip of his lingers grew somewhat feeble, One«
she raised her eyes in a quick glance at him • • Then suddenly »h»
wilted. She surrendered, she confessd without words. "Oh, Marjory, thank
God, thank God — " .. • _ .
Peter Tounley made a dramatic entrance on the gallop. He stopped,
petrified. "Whoa!" he cried. "My stars!" He turned and fled. But Cole
man called after him in a low voice, intense with agitation. 'Come back
here, you young scoundrel! Come back here!'' " ■ ■
Peter returned, looking very sheepish. I hadn t the. slightest Idea
''Never mind that now. But look here, Jf you tell a jingle soul—par
ticularly those other young scoundrels— l'll break—"
"1 won't Coleman. Honest, I won't." He was far more embarrassed
than Coleman and almost equally so with Marjory. He was like a hors«
tugging at a tether. "I won't, Coleman! Honest!"
"Well, all right, then." Peter escaped.
The professor and his wife were In their sitting room writing letters.
The cablegrams had all been answered, but as the professor Intended to
prolong his journey homeward into a month of Paris and London there re
mained the arduous duty- of telling their friends at length exactly what
had happened There was considerable of the lore of old^n Greece In the
'professor's descriptions of their escape, and in tho3O of Mrs. Wainwxight
there was much about the lack of hairpins and soap.
Their heads were lowered over their writing when the door Into the
corridor opened and shut quickly, and upon looking up they saw In the
room a radiant girl, a new Marjory. She dropped to her knees by her
father's chair and reached her arms to his neck. "Oh, daddyl I'm happyl
I'm to happy!" .
"Why— what— " began the professor stupidly.
"Oh I'm to happy, daddy!'
Of course he could not be long In making- his conclusion. The on« who
could give such joy to Marjory was the one who last night gave her such
grief. The professor was only a moment In undemanding. He laid hi a
hand tenderly upon her head. "Bless my soul," ,he murmured. "And —
and — he — "
At the personal pronoun Mrs. Wainwright lumbered frantically to her
feet. "What?" she shouted. "Coleman?"
"Yes," answered Marjory. "Coleman.", As she spoke the name her
eyes were shot with soft yet tropic flashes of light.
Mrs. Wainwright dropped suddenly back into her chair. ""Well— of—
things!"
The professor was stroking his daughter's hair, and although for a
time after Mrs. Waimvright's outbreak there was little said, the old man,
and the girl seemed In gentle communion, she making him feel her happi
ness, he making her feel his appreciation. Providentially Mrs. Wainwrfght
had boon so .stunned by the lirst blow that she was evidently rendered in
capable of speech. » "■ .■ T
"And are you sure you will be happy with him?" asked her father
gently.
"All my lift; long," she answered. ->. -
"I am glad! I am glad!" said the father, but even as he tpoke a gTeat
sadness came to blend with his joy. The hour when he was to give this
beautiful and beloved life into the keeping of another had been heralded
by the god of the sexes, the ruthless god that devotes Itself to the tearing:
of children from the parental arms and casting thorn amid the mysteries
Cf an irretrievable wedlock. The thought filled him with solemnity.
But in the dewy eyes of the girl there was no Question. The world to
her was a land of glowing promise. :.,;: , ;; . i; - _- . . ■.::..
"I am glad," repeated the professor.
The girl arose from her knees. "I must go away and— think all about
It," she said, smiling. When the door of her room closed upon her the
mother arose in majesty.
"Harrison W.ilnv.right," Ehe declaimed, you are not going to- allow
this monstrous thin;?!"
The professor was aroused from a reverie by these words. • "What
monstrous thing?" he growled. • ■ ■ /•
"Why. this between Coleman and Marjory."
"Yes, he answered boldly. '". ~
"Harrison ! That man who — " •,' •; . . • :
The professor crashed his hand down on th» table. **Maryl I ■will not
hear another word of it!"
"Well," said Mrs. Walnwright, sullen and ominous, "time win telll
Time will tell!" ,...„.
When Coleman had turned from the fleeing: Peter Tounley again to
Marjory he found her making the preliminary movement* of a flljrht.
"What's the matter?" he demanded, anxiously.
"Oh. it's too •dreadful!"
"Nonsense," he retorted stoutly. "Only Peter Tounleyt He fion't
count. What of that?"
Oh, dear!" She pressed her palm to a burning cheek. She save him a
starlike. beseeching glance. "Let me go now— please."
"Well," he answered, somewhat affromed, "If you like—"
At the door she turned to look at him, ami this glance expressed In It»
elusive way a score of things which she had not yet been able to speak.
It explained that she was loth to leave him, that she asked forgiveness for
leaving him. that even for a short absence she wished to take his image
in her eyes, that he must not bully her, that there w r as something now In
her heart which frightened her, that Bhe loved him, that she was happy—
When she had gone Coleman wrnt to the rooms of the American Minis
ter. A Greek was there who talked wildly as he waved his cigarette.
Coleman waited in well-concealed Impatience for the evaporation of this
man. Once the Minister, regarding the correspondent hurriedly, inter
polated a comment. "You look very cheerful?"
"Yes," answered CoU?man; "I've been taking your advice."
"Oh, ho!" said the Minister.
The Greek with the cigarette Jawed endlessly. Coleman began to mar
vel at the enduring good manners of the Minister, who continued to nod
and nod in polite appreciation of the Greek's harangue, which. Coleman
firmly believed, had no point of interest whatever. But at last' the man
after ah effusive farewell, went his way. '
"Now." said the Minister, wheeling in his chatr, "tell me all about tt.**
Coleman arose, and thrusting his hands deep In his trousers pocket's
began to pace the room with long strides. He said nothing, but kept hit
eyes on the floor.
"Can I have a drink?" he asked, abruptly pausing.
"What would you like?" asked the Minister, benevolently, as he touched
the bell.
"A brnndy and soda. I'd like It very much. You see," he said as he
resumed his walk, "I have no kind of right to burden you with my affairs!
but 10 tell the truth if I don't get this news off my mind and Into some
body's ear I'll die. It's this— l asked Marjory Wainwright to marry me
and— she accepted, and— that's all." '
"Well, I am very glad," cried the Minister, arising and giving hl»
hand. "And as for burdening me with your affairs, no one has a better
right, you know, since you released me from the persecution of Waahlnjfw
ton and the friends of the Walnwrlghts. May good luck follow you both
forever. You, in my opinion, are a very, very fortunate man. And for her
part— she has not done too badly."
Seeing that It was Important that Coleman should have his Bolrtts
pacified in part the Minister continued! "Now, I have got to write an
official letter, bo you Just walk up and down hero and use up this surDlu*
Bteam. Else you'll explode."
But Coleman was not to be detained. Now that ho had Informed the
Minister he must rush off somewhere, anywhere, and do — he knew not
■what.
"All right." said the Minister, laughing. Tou have a wilder head than
I thought. But look here," he called, as Coleman was making for th*
door. "Am I to keep this news a secret?" "*•
Coleman, with his hand on the knob, turned Impressively, h© bdolt«
With deliberation. "As far as lam concerned I would be glad to sea aC»
paint it in red letters eight feet high on the front of the Klnrs palace."
The Minister, left alone, wrote steadily and did not even look uo «*«,
Peter Tounley and two others entered In response to hiß cry of permlsalnn
However, he presently found time to speak over hi» shoulder to thilm*
"Hear the news?" offll
"No, sir," they answered.
"Well, be good boys now and read th© papers and loot at nictur** nn<n
I finish this letter. Then I'll tell you." »«ctures untU
They surveyed him keenly. They evidently Judged that the new* w*.
worth hearing." but obediently they said nothing. Ultimately the M!niat!«
affixed a rapid signature to the letter, and turning looked at the student,
with a smile. vc *
"Haven't heard the news, ehr*
"No, sir."
"Well. Marjory Wainwright Is engaged to marry Coleman."
The Minister was amazed to see the effect of this announcement tit^~
the three students. He had expected the crows and cackles of rather »h3
merriment with which unbearded youth often greets such news. Rnt
there was no crow or cackle. One young man blushed scarlet and in nk «*
guiltily at the floor. With a great effort he muttered, "She's too e nn 7 trS
him." Another student had turned ghastly pale and was starlne Tt »„.
Pct?r Tounley who relieved the Minister's mind for upon that vrmr?»
man's face was a broad jack-o'-lantern grin, and the Minister saw that o?
any rate he had not made a complete massacre. """• al
Peter Tounley said triumphantly, "I knew it!"
The Minister "was anxious over the havoc he had wrought with th* tim
other students, but slowly the color abated in one face and grew In tTi
other. To give them opportunity .the Minister talked busily to P^r
Tounley. "And how did you know It, you young scamp?" Busr
Peter was jubilant. "Oh, I knew It! I knew it! I am very clever"
The student who had blushed n >w addressed the Minister in « siUti.
•trained voice. "Are you positive That it is true. Mr. Gordner?" " iI » IIU *
"I had it on the best authority." replied the Minister gravely
The student who had turned pr-le said, "Oh, it's true, of course."
"Well," said crudely the one who had blushed, "she's a great Bio-ht tnn,
good for Coleman or anybody like 'aim. That's all I've got to say "
"Oh, Coleman is a good fell>w." said Peter Tounley reoroarhfuiifr
"You've no right to say that-exactly. You don't know where you*d fii
now if it were not for Coleman." you a DO
The response was first an angry gesture. "Oh, don't keep everlastlne-iv
rubbing that in. For heaven's seke let up. Supposing I don't know whpra
I'd be now if it were not for Rufus Coleman? What of It? For th* rZS
of mv life have I got to-" lno rest
The Minister saw that this was the embittered speech of a really de
feated youth, so to save scenes he gently elected the trio. "There there"
now! Run along home like goo<l boys. I'll be busy until luncheon. ' And f
dare say you won't find Coleman such a bad chari."
In the corridor one of the students said offensively to Peter TtnmUv
"Say, how In h did you find out all this so early?" n " y »
Continued Next Week.A Comfortable Ronne and a Good Table Ts the DetfSht of AH-
I ... »*y «j
and
inexpensive-
nN"E w-ornan driven almost to desperm
j tlon by odors of cooking in her
N^_ ;i/ I housekeeping rooms invented this
window kitchen. She had struggled
along-, taking all sorts of care to get rid
of the cooking that would linger, and that
perfect cyclones of fresh air would not
blow away, and finally was forced to ad
ir.i: that light housekeeping left heavy
odcrs. That they could net be get rid of
as lons as cooking was done in the room
she had discovered; but what to do and
how to do it— how not to cock In the only
room she had, where she had to eat and
live, made her thinking apparatus go at
a two-forty gait:
'•Necessity Is the mother of Invention,"
and the window kitchen Is what sh«
thought out. had made, and proved It to
be a. success. The simplest thins tmagia
abl'?, and yet the odors that had staid and
made so painfully evident the fact that
pots and pans and dinner dishes were all
carefully hidden out of sight were done
away wtthJ A clever plan, you will 3oca
see.
Outside of the lower sash cf the win
dow she had built a miniature bex-shaped
kitchen. The roof was slanting: and tha
bos securely fastened to each side of th«
window. Inside were two compartments,
the lower cne for the gas stove and tha
upper one for cooking utensils. In each.
compartment eight or ten holes w»r»
bored to admit air and carry out the
steam and odors. In the window sash a
hole large enough for the gaspipe or tub*
was cut, so that the window could ba
closed or raised at will.
In front of the window inside of tha
room a long chest was built. The chest
had shelves and doors, and in it were kept
the cooking utensils.
When the m*al was over the dishes
washed and put away, the chest is trans
formed Into a coach by upholstering and
pillows, the curtains are drawn together
in front of the window and the room,
cdorless and spic-span. is ready to receive
visitors. The ventilation cf the room is in
no way interfered with, as both upper and
tower windows m^ve up and down with
out "hindrance. This little kitchen- doea
for one cr two, but would cot be practical
for more. _
Oysters
Oysters are on the tables again , to. •i*
delight of man? 'who miss them jorely
during the R-iess months. Though Inno
cer.t-icoktng things, they are neverthe
less dangerous, and If by chance w»
swallow one bit of ragged, jagged shell
the undertaker is apt to be busr for a
few hours.
Oysters cannot be too carefully looked
ever, especially when giving them to chil
dren. As it is the opening which break*
the shell Insist upon, their being opened
correctly.
OYSTER FBICASSEE-ITIx one tabie
epdonful each of butter and flo-ur in 1
saucepan ever the tire until perfectly
smooth. Add the oyster liquid, salt, pep
per and the oysters when the liquid" is
hot. Take from the fire, add the yelks of
three eggs, two tiibiespootsfuls or' salad
oil. one tablespoonfu! of lemon juice and
one tabicspoonfui of chopped parsley.
Serve immediately.
DEVILED OYSTERS OX TOAST— Mix
together a little Sour, one heaping salt
s":':nf";l of mustard, whitr: peprer and
s'^..:. add to the yoik of one e<?:r. Roll
th - oysters in. the paste and broil over
a ci-ar are. Serve on buttered toast.
sTLTFZD OYSTERS— Chop tine one
dozen oysters, large Eastern, ar.d mix
wtth the beaten yolk of one eg?, threa
tabiespoonfuls ci bread crumbs, one table-
Epoonful of cream, salt and pepper ta
taste. Fill the sheila and bake in a quids
ov<=n.
TRIED OYSTERS— Beat the yolks cf
fear fggs with two tablespoonfula of
sweet oil: season with salt ana pepper.
Dry the oysters, dp in the batter, roll
in fine bread crumbs and fry in hot fat,
STEAMED OYSTERS — Place the
oysters in a round dish, season with
pienty or butter, pepper and salt. Place
in steamer and steam, until they begin to
cur'
CUBBY CF OYSTERS— PIace the oys
ters m enough water tv cover them and
simmer four minutc3. Put one heaping
tablespoonful of butter In a pan with one
teaapocr.ful of curry; thicken the broth.
the oysters were in. sal:, and stir in the
curry ; add the oysters, simmer and serve
-SCALLOPED OYSTERS— Into a but
tered pudding dish p'.ac<» a layer of
cracker crumbs, then a layer of oysters,
■with seasoning at batter. ptpp>;r and salt.
When the cish la filled pour over the
liquor, to which has been added some rich
iniik. Cover the dish, bake half an hour,
r-ccv; the cover and brown.
OYSTER FBITTEBS— Strata off the
Bquor, add to it one cupful of milk, two
cupfula of floor, two well-beaten eggs, one
teospoonfal of pa firing powder and a Uttla
salt. Mix the batter, stir in the oysters
and drop by spoonfuls into hot fat.
OYSTER CROQUETTES— IIix one quart
cf oy&ters with one cupful of mashed po
tatoes. Cut tine with a knife and add two
cupfuis of cracker crumbs, butter, pep
per, salt, the oyster liquor and milk if
needed. Roil into balls, 'lip tn <>SZ and
cracker crumbs and fry in fat.
OYSTER PlE— Line a pudding dish with
rich pie paste. Strain the liquor from the
oysters and add a layer to the dish, sea
soning with butter, pepper ami salt and
sprinkling with Soar: add another layer,
end so on until the dish is filled. Pour in.
tha liquor, add a little cream, cover with
top crust and bake until the crust is a
light brown.
OYSTER PATTTES— Line patty pans
with a rich paste. Put a. cover of paste
on and press down the edges. Bake until
done. Open the patties and put in the
following mixture: Stew the oyst?r3 in
tbeir liquor, add one teaspoonfui of Sour.
cne tabTespoonXal of batter and the grated
peel of ore lemon; season with salt, mace
and caytr.ns, adding two tablespoon fuls of
cream. Serve hot.
OYSTER OMELET— Stew the oysters in
the:r liquor for live minutes: drain them
and thicken the liquor with Sour and but
ter: season with salt and pepper and beat
■weii; chop th* oystprs and add to the
eauce. ,3eat four eggs, turn into a hot
pan and fry a light cole:. Piace on dish,
and before folding put part of -he sa.ucu
and oysters within, turning over the rest
just before serving.
Puddings and Sauces.
Tbe su-.cess of a pudding depends on the
cooking. Baking, bciiing and steaming
each have their right and wrong wzy "of
doing." and. in rhu doing of the ways de
pends the weUht of th* pudding and Jast
how much indigestion you. have. Pudding
ar.i indigestion go hand in hand for some
people, and the only thing to da m nxeh
a cuae i 3 to watch ether people ea the
cans c— pudding.
But pudding is good, and co when you
zraVt :t butter the molds or basins so it
■won't stick when done. If It is to be
toiled have the water boiling and keep It
bo; wring the bag out In boiling water
and sprinkle the Inside with flour before
nirartns In the pudding, and when don»
dip In cold water, and the pudding will
come out easily. Steamed pu'icUntpi are
less trouble, care having to be taken only
in keeping the water boiling constantly,
never allowing the temperature to change.
Sauces must be taken into consideration.
If the pudding la simple maka a. rich
sau.'e: !f rich, a simple one.
HAPJD SAUCE— Cream half a cupful cf
butter with on* cupful cf pulveriz-fd
sugar; add brandy or sherry to taste and
eet on tee until firm.
BRANDY SAUCE— HaIf a cupfnl -f
butter CO cne of sugar: ■--.-- and aM
one heaping tablespoonful of Sour, nut
js.l% to taste and one cupful and a half
of boiling water. Cook until thick; add
a small glassful of brandy and the beaten
white of cne egg. Serve hot.
STP.AWBEP.i-ir SAUCE — Cream one
cupful of sugar with half a cup of but
ter, add one pint cf mashed berries and
get en ice to cccl.
ORANGE SAUCE— JcIce of two oranges,
half a capful cf 5".?.ir and two rspfu's of
cream. \ cry nice for blase mange.
MAPLE SUGAR SAUCE— Cream one
teaspoonful of Sour with a cupful of
butter. Hake a syrup of the sugar, add
the butter and Hour and one small tea
spGonful of nutmeg. Allow to come to a
bctl ar. i serve.
STEAMED EEP.RT PUDDING - Mix
together two c-izs of flour with one-ha.lf
a teaspoenful of salt and three teaspc-on
fuls of baking po-wder. Cream one-half
a cup of butter -with one of sugar, add
the beaten yolk of one e?g\ the flour mix
ture, one cupful cf mi:£ and beat thor
oughly. Add one pint of berries, ficnired,
the beater, white of an eg^j. .Steam three
hours. Serve with berry sauce.
APPLE PLUJI PUDDING—One cupful
of raisins, one cupful cf sugar, one of
sweet milk and five large apples chopped
tine. One cupful of Sour, one teaspconful
of baking powder, one-half a, cupful of
butter and two *»£gs. Cream the butter
and sugar, add the eirgs. milk and flour
with the other ingredients. Bake cn^a
hour and serve with hard sauce.
COCOANUT PUDDING — Thicken, on©
quart of milk with two even teaapoc-nfuis
of cornstarch. Add one cupful of sugar,
one teaspoonfui butter, one cupful each,
of sugar and coccanut and three eggs
w«ll beaten. Bring- the milk to a boll,
add the comstarch. and other ingredients.
Pour in pudding dish &ud bake- thirty
RICE PUDDING— Bring three pints cf
milk to a boll, add one cupfuPor cooked
r.ce, one-half a cupi'ul of sugar, butter
the size of an egg and vanilla to taste.
Heat and then take one hour, stirring
constantly while- cooking. Sexve with
whipped cream.
SOUFFLE PUDDING— Bring to a boil
three pints of milk. Cream three table
spoonfuls cf flour with two of butter.
Stir Into the boiling milk and cook ten
minutes, stirring constantly. Allow to
ccol -..-. add the beaten yolks of four
egg 3, beat well and then add the whites
b<-:aten to a. stiff froth. Bake slowly until
a Light brown and serve with brandy
sauce or whipped sweetened cream.
CHOCOLATE FUDDINO- Heat three
pints of milk, add thres: -quarters of a
cupful cf grated chocolate and comatarch
to thicker.. Sweeten, to tasta and Ca-var
with, vaniiia. Pcur Into pudding 1 cups and
set on. Ice to cool. Serve with tipped
cream.
SUET '.'" DING— cupful of
chopped suet, one cf brows sugar, two
cupfuis cf floor, one cupful her -water,
two teaspoonfuis of baking powder and
one each of cloves, nutmeg: and cinnamon.
Steam from two to four hours. Serve
with any sauce preferred.
APPLE DUFF— One cupful of chopped
suet, two cupfuis of chopped apples, two
cupfuis of milk, two cupful 3 of flour, one
cupful of sugar and two teaspoon fula of
baking powder. Steam two hours and a
haif. Serve with hard or brandy sauce.
BREAD PUDDING — Tcaat the bread.
Heat three pints of milk in an earthen
pudding d:3h. break the toast into small
pieces and add to the milk. Simmer until
soften and add one cupful of sugar an.l
generous amount of butter. Take from
stove, add the beaten yalka of four eggs.
vanilla to taste and lastly the beaten
whites. Bake until brown and serve with
a liquid sauce.
PKUNE PUDDING— the seeds
from stewed prunes, chop tine and add to
th« stiffly beaten whites ■of four egrrs.
Eake a Hgiit brown and serve witli
whipped cream.
TAPIOCA WITH CHOCOLATE— Soak
half a cupful of tapioca. Put on stove
and add two cupfuis of milk, one cupful
gutrar and plenty of butter. Bring to a
boil and add the beaten yolks of four
ej?s and half a cupful of grated choco
late moistened with milk. Pour in baking
d'.sh and add the beaten whites. Bake
thirty minutes. Serve with, whipped
cream.
ENGLISH APPLE PUDDING—
cupful of suet mixed ,th one pint of
flour, 'one teaspoonful of ginger and half
a teaspoonful of salt. Add enough cold
water to maka a dough. Roll out in small
pieces, cover with sliced apples,' sprinkle
with sugar and nutmeg, roll, place in a
bag and steam one hour. Serve with
brandy sauce.
ALMOND PUDDING— Quart of
milk, five tablespoonfuls of powdered
sugar, six ejrsSr three-quarters of a pound
cf chopred ••— -•= blanched, four table
spoonfuis of melted butter, four ounces
of shredded curon, csne-half cup of cracker
crumbs. Line a pudding dish, with rich
paste, pour in the mixture and bake until
done. Serve with or without sauce.
3reakjast j}reads and Cakes.
CREAM BISCUIT— One quart of flour,
one teaspoonful of soda and one tea.-;poon
ful of salt. Lift and mix with one pint of
sour cresim. Roll out. adding a little more
flour, cut and moisten the tops with egg
and milk. Eake In a quick oven.
CINNAMON ROLLS— RoII raised biscuit
dough, out thin, spread with butter and
sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon. Roll
like jelly cake, cut into small plHC<*s and
bake when light.
RAISED BISCUIT— Mix tw.> tablespoon
fuls cf shortening with some bread dough,
add a little Hour, knead well and set
aside to raise. When light roll Into- balls
and baka.
CORN PONE— Scald one quart of ccrn
meal with boiling water, add two tea
spconfula of salt and enougn cold water
to- make- a thick batter. Mold into flat
pones and baks until brawn.
RICE-FLOUR CAKE-Two c-upf-..- 1 of
cemmon fiour. one of -■:'..-. two eggs
welL b<°aten. one cupful of milk, one tea
spconful of milk and som-e salt. Mix thor
oughly and bake in a quick oven.
SALLY LUNN'-To two well-beaten esjja
add butter the size cf an egg, one-half a
pint of milk, one pint of flour, three tea
spo-enfuis of bakir.g powder and three
teaspoonfuls cf sugar. Mis. and bake In
one loaf until done.
POP-OVERS— Beat three eggs, add one
pint of milk, one pint of flour and one
teasooonful of salt. Beat for five minutes
and bake in muffin pans.
"WHITE MUFFINS— To one pint of milk
add two teacupfuls of flour. Mix until
smooth, add the beaten yelks of two egg 3,
a little sugar and salt and two table
spoonfula of melted butter. Stir well and
add the beaten whites and three teaspoon
fuls of baking powder. Bake in muffin
pana
CORN GEMS— To two- cupfuls of irweet
milk add.ocd cupful of cornmeal and two
of fiour. Mix and add two beaten egg 3
and la3t of all three- tablespoonfuls of
baking powder. Bake in muffin, pans.
ROLLED-WHEAT BISCUIT— Mix half
a pint each of rolled wheat and flour, one
teaspoonful of salt, two teaspoonfuls of
baking powder, one tablespoonful of sugar
and 0n.3 of melted butter. Add enough
milk to make a batter and bake In muffin
pans and in a very quick oven.
PUFF CAKES— two eggs v«ry
light and add one cupful of sweet milk.
First TnstaTTfpent OF a Great Se^aT
Soon to Appear in The Sunday Call,
"FOUND IN THE PWWPP^NES"
A New Novel by GENERAL CHARLES KING,
After his rsturn from a year's hard service, broken down in health. General King became a novelist
again, and has written a romance cf American army life as he himself had just been experiencing it un-
der the entirely new conditions of warfare in a far-off land. The opportunity cf being the only practiced
novelist of army life in the fighting seems to have been a special inspiration to him. for a stronger, more
interesting novel than this one he has never written. THE STOSY OPEXS AT SAN FRASTCT3CO, amid
ail the confusion, bustie and excitement of assembling large bodies of troops and great bulks of stores
preparatory to embarkment. It moves at a pace accordant with the stirring times; telling incidents follow
each other in swift succession, and there is an involvement and complication of people and circumstances
as dramatic and absorbing as war itself. It is thus one of those stories that leave the reader in the
greatest impatience for the next installment. It is safe to say that it i»— and will always remain— THE
novel of the Philippine war.
THE SUNDAY CALL..
cr.% cupful of 2our and a. pinch of salt.
Bake !n scm pars and In a quick oven.
WAFFLES — One pint of milk, four eggs
well beaten, one tablespoonfui of melted
butter, two teascconftils of baking pow
der and flour enough to make a batter.
Hare the irons hot before filling.
RICE WAFFLES— One pint of milk, one
cupful of boil-id rice, two eggs, one half
a teaspocnful of soda, one teaspoonful of
cream of tartar and butter the size of a
walnut. Add enough flour to make a thin
GREEN CORN GRIDDLE CAKES—
Grate the corn, add to it or.* pint of milk,
two eggs, one pint of flour, two table
spoonfuls cf malted butter, some salt and
one teaapoonful of baking powder. Mix
thoroughly and bake on a hot griddle.
GRIDDLE CAKES. RAISED— Mix to
gether one pint of milk, one pint of flour
ar-d on* dissolved yea^t cake. Allow to
stand all night and in the morning add
one- teaspoonful of soda dissolved in
water, two eggs, two tablespoonfuls of
sugar two teaspiionfuls of t?alt and some
melted buttpr. If the batter is too thick
thin with milk.
jtanging Pictures.
"To hang and properly group pictures
Is not an easy matter," writes Maria. Par
loa in the September Ladies' Home
Journal. "To succeed one must have a
good eye for distances, tot straight lines.
and for harmony in grouping, as well a3
a fund of parience — putting up and taking;
down »»a<:h picture, or set of pictures, until
the position, height and grouping are per
fectly satisfactory
"There are two kinds of picture wire—
one Is gilt, the other la silvered. Tho gilt
is more flexible, and remains untarnished
and flexible longer than the silvered, but
it Is also more expensive. Extremely
heavy pictures should be hung with cop
per wire.
"The picture hcoks should be broad and
well curved, that they may hold firmly
to the molding- and be a secure support
for the wire. A yardstick or tape-meas
ure is Indispensable, as careful measuring
-will lessen the labor and assure accuracy
of position
"A picture should be so hung that the
bottom shall lie Bat and the top be
thrown forward slightly. The manner in
which the screw-eyes are put In produces
this effect. For a small picture they
should be fastened two or three inches
from the top of the frame; the larger the
picture the greater should be the distance
of the screw-eyes from the top.
"If the room be high it is easy to make
It appear lower by fastening the picture
molding two or more feet below the
celling. Thfs can be done only when the
wall fl - - ! same al
■-- . -
- ■ ■ i t several feet abo
molding sn res and bas-rel ; efs in.
■
Relishes.
Relishes are very essential for the
luncheon table and should be served a3
daintily as possible. They must be varied
from, day to- day. Sauces and catsups
with sweet pickles and preserves allow a
change, all being very nice with cold
meats. Horseradish, is always liked with
cold meats, and green, sweet peppers are
delicious if not too peppery.
TOMATO CATSUP— BoiI one bushel of
tomatoes until soft, run. through a sieve
and add the following: One quart and a
half of vinegar, one cupful of salt, six red
peppers chopped tine, four garlic heads,
two ounces of cloves, four of allspice,
three teaspoonfuls of whole black pepper
and two tablespoonfuls of mustard seeds.
Boil two hours and add one cupful of
sugar. Boil one hour longer and bottle.
GRAPE CATSUP— Stew four pounds of
grapes until they are soft. Run. through
a sieve and add one cupful of vinegar,
two pounds of sugar, two tablespoonfuls
of cinnamon and the same amount of
cloves. Simmer twenty minutes and bottle.
SPICED CURRANTS— BoiI together for
ten minutes one pint of vinegar, three
pounds of sugar and one tabiespoonful
each of cloves, salt, allspice and cinna
mon. Crush the currants, add them to the
syrup and cook twenty-rive minutes..
CHOW-CHOW— Chop one peck of green
tomatoes sDrtnkle with one cupful of salt
and let stand twenty-four hours. Strain,
put in. porcelain kettle and add six green
peppers, six onions, seven stalks or cel
ery all chopped tine; cover with vinegar
and add five tanles-poonfuls of mustard
seed half a teasponnful of mace and a
pound and a half of sugar. Cook slowly
for two hours and then put up in. stone
jars.
PLUM CATSUP— In a porcelain kettle
put six pounds of plums, three pounds of
sugar and one quart of vinegar. Boil
until the plums are reduced to a pulp, ran
through a sieve and add nutmeg-, cloves,
cinnamon and allspice to taste. Simmer
a few moments and "our in glass jars.
CHILI SAUCE— fine eight or ten
green peppers, five large onions and two
dozen and a half ripe tomatoes: add to
them three tablespoonfuls of salt, six of
sugar and six cupfuls of vinegar. Cook
slowly for three hours. Put up In glass
jars.
SWEET CHUTNEY— Chop fine two
green peppers, first removing the seed*,
half a dozen green tomatoes, four peeled
onions, one cupful of seeded raisins and
one dozen peeled apples. After thorough
ly chopping mix, and add two cupfuls of
brown sugar, one Quart of best vinegar,
two table.spoor.fuis each of salt and dry
mustard. Put in porcelain kettle and cook
slowly for over an hour. Put up in. small
glass jars.
SWEET TOMATO PICKLE— eight
pounds of ripe tomatoes allow three and
a half pounds of sugar. Peel the tomatoes
and chop into small pieces, put in :ne
sugar and allow to me to a boil s' jrwly,
cook until thick. Add one quart of vine
gar and ground mace, cloves and cinna
mon, to taste. 801 l until thick. Seal In
glass jars.
CURRANT CATSUP— Pick and crush
five pounds of currants, add to them three
pounds of best brown sugar, one pint of
vinegar, two tablespoonfuls of cinr.amon
and one tablespoonful each of cloves and
allspice. 801 l fast for over an. hour, cool
and bottle.
GREEN' TOMATO TOT— gallon of
sliced green tomatoes, six large onions
sliced, one quart of vinegar, same amount
of sugar, two tablespoonfuls each of salt,
ground mustard and black pepper, one ta
blespoonful each of cloves and allspice.
Stew until tender and seal up In glass
lars
SPICED ONIONS — Slice the onions, put
into a Jar in layers, sprinkling each layer
with salt. Scald the vinegar, and to each
aua'rt allow two cupfuls of sugar, one tea
spoonful each of whole allspice, cloves
and whole -black pepper. Pour over the
onions and in twenty-four hours drain
off heat and po-ur over again.
SWEET CUCUMBER PICKLES-Peel
and cut into lengthwise slices ripe cucum
be- ' place m steamer and steam until
tender. Place in porcelain kettle one
half a gallon of vinegar, one pound and
a half of sugar, one our. - of cassia buds
and one red pepper If liked. Boil up once
and then pour over cucumbers in the jar.
BcaJ. * '
ffev COay to Make Coffee.
The latest word of those who know is
that to be perfect coffee must never, while
it is making, come In contact with any
metal. For the breakfast table, at least,
it should be made in glass.
First buy from a depot of medical sup
plies a flask of annealed glass which looks
like an ordinary water bottle. The price
is 30 cents— no great outlay considering
the bottle will stand boiling water with
cut breaking. Then pay 5 cents for a
glass funnel to fit Into the bottle neck,
and 10 cents for a dozen round bits of
clean, coarse white muslin.
Coffee itself la tUe next thing. It is real
Java, bought green of a dealer who has
regard to his word, at 50 cent 3 to 60 cents
the pounds It is roasted to a nicety at
home, half pound at a time, and ground
just as it is anted. It may go into I
chased silver lidded bowl without the least
harm. The water may likewise boil in a
silver kettle, over a brass-mounted spirit
lamp — or even on the plebeian gas stove —
before It cornea in sight. The one essen
tial thing is to have it in plenty and
freshly boiling. , . „, „ , „.
First pour a cup of boiling water In the
flask and turn it deftly about, heating the
fia«k all the way up. Then, pour it out.
whip the funnel in the flask mouth, line
the funnel with on* of the muslin rounds
and put into it three heaping tables]
fuls of the ground coffee. Then slowly,
steadily, gracefully, pour on the water—
which has been kept bubbling over the
spirit lamp. As It begins to drip through
stir the wet coffee lightly with a teaspoon.
More water goes in as the first pouring
filters through. Three spoonfuls of try
coffee ought to yield three cups of the
coffee essence.
It is really coffee essence which comes
out of the flask. It Is almost black, per
fectly clear, full of coffee flavor and
aroma. Only the most confirmed coffee
toper can drink It neat. Other folk re
quire the cup to be half filled with boiling
water. Those who like whipped cream in
it make the water a third. Thus a single
filtering will serve a considerable tea
party. Th« muslin and the spent grounds
are thrown awa.y after each filtering.
of Gr-^a*
VrfaMSfc
tc Beth ■
F^rch an d Poop.
NEXT to bedrooms, kitchens are I -»
most abused room 3 In a house.
J^ People seem to think that any old
sort of a room will do and any old
thing good enough to be pat In it.
To my mind a kitchen should be tha
room of a house. Much attention should.
be paid to every little detail, and above
all to light and ventilation. Everything
should be built and placed so as to save
steps. The kitchen walls should be
painted white and be washable, the floor
linoleum or hard wood and with, a drain.
so arranged that it may be flushed »fter
It has been scrubbed.
The range should be placed at ore side of
the room where plenty of light can be had
and where an iron ventilator will be over
It to carry out the steam. The sink;
should be placed to the right of tha
range and be of galvanized iron and have
open plumbing; the grooved drainboard
for the dishes will be to the left and to
the right a plain board to hold the un
washed dishes. At the back of the sink
hooks should be placed to hold the cups,
spoons and 3ieves. which are constantly.
In use. The table should stand in tha
middle of the room, have four drawers,
and be solid and stationary. Chopping
knives and a chopping board should hangr
at one side. Suspended over the table a
rack to hold the saucepans, broiler, fry
ing par.3 and strainers. Shelves should
be built near the stove and over the atni
to hold porcelain bowls. baJtmjr disnes
and the articles used for seasoning.
A small rack for the kitchen towels,
dlshtoweis and stove pads should be near
the stove, the roller towel rack hanging
rear the sink.
The refrigerator should be on the porch
In a cool place or built in the wall of the
kitchen and have a sliding door. In an
ideal kitchen vegetables are never kept
In one compartment In the iceb ox; a bin
made of iron is hung beneath the floor
' and is divided into several compartments.
The bin has a trap door and the vege
tables are within easy reach. The coal«
of course, is kept outside of the kitchen,
and should, if possible, be made ac
cessible from the inside of the kitchen.
Every necessary cooking utensil should
be In a well regulated kitchen, the one
who rules in that domain needs, all th»
conveniences possible.
An of pining &ell
Fortunately for most or us, ncnes ar»
not needed to mast this accomplish
ment, but it is a -wise woman, a very
wise woman, who knows how to mak*
the very best of everything which comes
her way.
The woman who "makes the beat cf
things" ha 3 a home In every sense of the
word. Her house is furnished in such a,
way that no great amount of work La
necessary to keep it in perfect order. The
burden of many a housekeeper will be
lightened as soon as she realizes the beau
ty of simplicity in rooms which are in
constant use. Heavy draperies and up-,
bolstered furniture will keep one pair or
bands busy freeing them from dust.
As a rule there ia but one maid in the-;
house of this woman who knows how to*
live well- but she has been taught tha;/
to always appear in one's best ia an ac-*i
complishment, and consequently dons a,
sunny apron before leaving the kitchen;,
to answer a ring ai the door. She does;
not work all the time, her mistress ha*
thirds so systematized that a few hours
a day are hers to do aa she pleases. Thai"
kitchen has ail the tittle conveniences so*
necessary for tnat domain. Pot 3 an<i.
5. in plenty. Hot water always ready
•or a cup of tea to be made in a hurry
and nobody can get tired or cross by
having to wait.
It i 3 a delight to be a guest in such a
home. You will find each little detaiL
complete. Tour choice of a smooth or
rough towei, castile soap or a scented
bar, a nice, big wash cloth in the bath
room or a small one, and. best of ail, a«
tooth brush to take the place of the one*
you left at home. Pins of all sizes and
sorts you wiil find on your dressing table:
all the little details so carefully looked,
after that the mistress of the house is
not disturbed at your coming, or you so
uncomfortable that you long to be home»
So- many women neglect these little de
tails in housekeeping and for an excua*
claim that these little comforts are ex
pensive; it is not so, they cost a mere
nothing. It !s simply the lack of
thought and not of money that is re
sponsible for so many upset, shiftless
households.
The woman who knows how to- lire well
makes everything count. She sees pos
sibilities in everything, and best of all
can carry the i-eas out. Even an old
lace curtain, with ragged, sorrowful look
ing edges, has possibilities in her eyes.
It is not relegated to the attic or given.
to the ash man. ah no. The worn edges
are trimmed off, it is cut down to tit a
smaller window or perhaps made into a
dainty table cover. Her income is not
half as Large as a friend's, and yet she
has gathered about her all those little
conveniences that add so much to the
comfort and pleasure cf home life.
She isn't snobbish. Never. Snobbish
ness cuts off here and there to make
one big showing; stint 3 where money
should be expended just to outdo some
one else In the neighborhood. It is never
snobbery to do the best it all times, to
make the most of one's circumstances
every day one lives.
The woman who knows how to live well
is so thoroughly mistress of her home
and all its little details that she never
worries other members of her family with,
the litle ups and downs. She has tact,
tact in great bucketfuis; she avoids tha
discussion of domestic affairs at the
table. Negligent servants or a burned
steak are not pleasant topics for din
ner, and what man wants to come from
a busy office to be burdened and bored
with horrid little household troubles.
The women who understand the art of
living well are far and few between. If
you realize you are not among her num
ber, go and learn of her who is. Life' 3
so short, and most of its misery, we. our
selves, are to be blamed for. To be
happy la to make others happy. But
chapters of advice have been written, and
no doubt It wiil be so to the end. Wa
seldom heed and usually find out whea
11. I. ., Ufa
jTbout the jtousa.
CARE -F DRESSING CASES— Tha,
polished top of the- dressing case is often
marred by the spilling of perfumes or .
other liquids. In order to- prevent this
make an enamel cloth to fit the top and
spread it under the fancy cover.
STAINS— One reason why fruit stain*
and other stains b*?come set in. a. fabric i 3
because soap is usert on them. Always
take out the stain before the article of
clothing has been washed and. if possible,
&3 soon as the proper acid or water can, .
be had. Boiling water will in most cases
remove any fruit stain. Oxalic acid or*
chloride or lime will remove the most ;
stubborn stains They can be usod only
on white goods, as they remove the color-'
from other materials. When chemicals
are used rinse ir. four or five waters.
REFRIGERATORS— Are very hard
things to keep clean and about tha best
thing to use is common sand soap. The
lining of the refrirerator is usually zir.r.
and zir.c is attacked by acids and alkalies
if they are Ptrcng, so sand soap is the
beat and safest cleanser. In buying ice
for the refrigerator It la cheaper to get
one large block of Ice two or three times
a week than a small piece every day. Tha
ice is wasted if the door of the ice cham
ber is left open and the temperature si
lowed to rise.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
(SKKSg^JMH-e Is removed br Dn. ar.-i IIR3.
KH^ei.^^^ A - W - TRAVERSE, Donofco*
sfT*i|2yWTBS tiaildins, 1170 Harlcet St., cor.
R*^^jV Taylor, rooms 2S-rJ, with Ul9
3.^-^g^j • >» ei-'.ctr.c needle, without pain cr
■•feS^V.^ soar. Moles, wart *. wrinkles,
Wat _JJe&\ blackheads, f r*-:T\ :lj. birth-
r V*j "'^H irairka, etc. alsc - :; jveii. Per-
-3*& t 2li&ji££& rr.aneac7 raarantead. Hsurs, 1
VtrrPS^KriiSmt to i p. m. ~~. :; ,
LOIE FXTLLETI
Uses tiro best skis Icod and tissue builder,
BHAH3IAN TOILET CRBAiI.
2930
A CALIFORNIA GIRL VISITS SARAH BERNHARDT AT HER HOME.
Interesting Bits of Home
Life of Tragedy Queen.
ARAH BERNHARDT, the triple
V^X genius, actress, pointer and
V J sculptor, the woman who is talk-
N-"^ ed about and written about in al
most every language and in the
remotest quarters of the earth, who is
fascinating in her eccentricities and
unique In her fascinations, who sleeps
with her coffin at the foot of her bed
and whose pets are Users and sleek yel
low wild cats; 1 have visited intime
in her marvelously luxurious home.
Luxurious. I have said, yet the word is
woefully weak for the home of Sarah
Bernhardt. It may fittingly be used to
describe the palace of a king or the col
lected comforts of a Croesus, but alone
it givss no idea of the indefinable "at
mosphere" that pervades these superb
apartments.
Mere luxury may be bought with
money, but here the charm is thp per
sonality of the ■ 'hat is stamp
ed on every tapestry, on every i
Ivory, on every rug and on every pic
ture. Afl I think of it now it all seems
to me like an indescribable chaos of
art, of light and of color, an orgy, 1
might s::y, of the Orient and the Occi
dent, of antiquity and modern times.
Japanese Buddhas and Chinese mon
sters, enamels, ivories, miniatures,
gwordi ces and ri r I ottas
nrp nil pell mell in my mind with Greek
: with
Venetian glass and
But one corner stJ In minute
det.-ii' ■ ... \i in .._
Bernhardt, and the most characteristic.
Here Is 1< ' ;d h r famous divan, an
immense affair made of the skins oi
many beasts, of white bears, < f tigers,
of Jaguars, rf buffaloes and of croco
17 T Is pome time since the publication of
Mr. Hai ling's 1 1
[I Rod's "La Silence" ("The
Sileice"), yet even now a few words
about this remarkable book may be of in
terest.
"Kermoysan," the first of the two
stories of silence which the book contains,
springs up spontaneously from one of
those exquisitely natural conversations
with whjch French novelists sometimes
Introduce their works. One of the speak
ers affirms the paradoxical and dangerous
belief that there are cases when "thanks
to the aberrations of the social organiza
tion and to social prejudices, lying, deceit
and hypocrisy almost become virtues;
•when the concealment from the world of
a love which cannot be avowed is a. hero-
Ism." He adds: "When this love goes
through one of those crises In which the
heart is breaking, in which cries rise to
the lips and choking aoh:-i to the throat,
yet all must bo suppressed -think what
In such a moment the ma of Cerence
costs, think of the tortures It hides, Tell
me if then the hypocrisy Of silence, the
lie of the quiet, calm voice, the dissimu
lation of living the life that others live
does not constitute a sacrifice, too, the
most painful that we can exact of a man,
and consequently the most noble."
This is the underlying thought In "Ker
moysan." Andre Kermoysan and Mine,
Herdevin are a man and a woman whom
the author represents himself as meeting
wfcen he first goes into society. Each is
c person of singular distinction and at
tractiveness, and to each the young man
Is drawn. Led by iis Interest In them to
observe them attentively, he thinks he
perceives that some subtle bidden bond
connects the two. They seem never to
meet except casually, there is no sign
of love that the world can see, yet the
eyes of the young man who tells the story,
opened by affectionate Interest, come by
little and little to see in details barely
noticeable— a glance, a movement— praofa
that force on him and on the reader the
conviction that these two proud and dell
cate- souls axe concealing from all the
•world with incredible self-command a
passional* love which consumes their
vrhoie being. Mme. Herdevm is a wile,
the wife indeed of a vulgar libertine, but
a wife; she is the mother of children
•whom bho adores; above all, sue is a
woman, with a woman's instinctive re
serve. To protect her from the anguish of
scandal, from the desecration by public
ity of the inner sanctuary of her life, she
and hen lover sacrifice their peace to hide
tho culpable love which is the one joy of
their lives. To the last, beyond the
tomb, Kermoysan kept her secret, and
•when ho stood beside her coffin only the
deepalr ii! his eyes spoke his desolation.
The subtlety with which the author
conveys the vague yet inevitable certain
ty of the strange relation is in singular ac
cordance with the conception which cre
ates the novel. No less remarkable is the
character of refinement and dignity given
to Kermoysan by Indirect suggestions
even less palpable than the circumstan
tial evidence of his love for Mme. Herde
vin.
The 6ocond tale, a less powerful
ore and one of a lower and
less delicate type, Is on a sim
ilar theme. Two lovers, bound togeth
er not only by their passion, guilty in lt
eelf. but by the fact that the man has
the husband's blood on his hands, flee
together to live in isolation from the
•world. The woman's beauty. is destroyed
by an accident. The lover, against all
the struggles of his will, loses bis love
but not his tenderness, his pity, his affec
tion, his devotion. "He lives a lie to her,
with bia words, his looks, his kisses,*'
diles. The wall of this savage alcove is
also covered with curious skins and the
- of grinning hyenas, while above
the couch two dragons support a bro
caded canopy, by means of which the
iight may be regulated.
Here it is that Mme. Bernhardt iloes
. and takes her ilaily
siesta preparatory to the evening
ertion. A large golden cage filled with
brightly colored birds faces the \v< nder
ful couch. Formerly it was occupied t>y
two baby tigers, bul they became too
lanre for their abiding place and were
ssarily transported. And flowers!
The rooms w< re simply resplendi oi
with lar^. bunches of mimosa and b<-u
-qucts "'' roses arranged between tall
palms reaching to the ceiling, the per
mingling deliciously .
with a vague hint o*f Inci .
good you are to bring me
here," I said to Mme. Gerard as we
1 in the splendid salon. It was a
real gratitude that prompted
the remark, for without her I should
never have been there. She is the old
-31 friend of Sarah Bernhardt: she
knew her mother Intimately, was tho
Sarah in all her girlish
difficulties, and now her chief interest
In life fs the little grandchild, the baby
of Maurice.
Many a Btory I have heard from her
lips about the childhood and the srirl
of Sarah. "I remember it as if it
were yest< rday," she said ••• day, the
ig from her eyes with laugh-
I r. Sarah vas 12 years old when a
. tin,' iitl took place in the ceme
tery near the convent. The Bishi p of
Versailles was delivering an eloquent
ud the whole affair was most
Impressive, when suddenly a volley of
stones pelted at the Bishop interrupt
ed his discourse. Naturally there was
ternation. Everybody arose and
WHAT THE LEADING LIGHTS OF LITERATURE ARE DOING.
A Critical Review by Professor H. B, Lathrop, Stamford Umiversity.
Sui.'ii ;i ;',;..- .- ,i tragedy; is death and
memory better?
It may '■•• said, probably with truth,
that .such books are not healthy. Certain
ly life contains sadness enough without
the aid of art. Give us happy endings; and
.simple characters: And jet— '"we judge,
we condemn; we disdain, we hate, with
out knowing, without understanding,
proud of our codes, sure of our laws.
That which helps us to understand makes
us kinder and therefore wiser. May not
such books, profoundly sad. profoundly
tender, help us to understand?
Mr. Harding exhibits In many places the
translator's tact and a line sensitiveness
to styio. It Is the greater pity that lie
should be unsure of his rudiments. We
may charge "a harvest of flowers, that
laxiened the air heavily with ih-ir per
l ime' to tht. printer, if we choose; i>ut
Mr. Harding must bear the blame for
"ancnf and "like 1 do"— blunders which
are the more offensive where the most
exquisite refinement of expression is re
quired. A slight, a very slight touch of
French idiom may even serVe to .accent
the delicate precision of style; but there
i* no excuse iof translating "really" by
"m cfft.it," or for < ailing a thing already
done "the accomplished act." It would
bo interesting to guess at the meaning
of "Goethrolatriates," '-The tenebrous
ness of our inmost selves," "beautiful
words of; deep meaning and endless re
percussion." We are promised more
translation by Mr. Harding. Let us hope
he will write '"as plaane English as ony
ay thim. '"i he Sacrifice of silence." By
Edward Kod; translated by John \\ .
Harding. G. W. Dillingham company,
New York. Price il 50.
• • •
Among the books sent to this office for
review is oik- of those paper-covered nov
els of Mr. Neely's, which are specially de
signed to be sold on railroad trains*. Its
title is "The Puppet Snow," and it is a
smart and workmanlike job ot its kind.
i ii>- story turns on the good natured plot
ting of a s<.( iety man. Mr. Beverly Win
throp, to get for a friend, a struggling
artist, Jariim L,ee, a commission for the
portrait of a reigning beauty,«<Mls3 Tre
ver. Feeling sure that the painter is im
pervious to the charms of woman, Win
tlirop lures Miss Trever into a wager that
she will make the painter fall in love with
her, and thus pets for L*se the oppor
tunity to paint her portrait. Out of this
situation the story develops.
There are two questions which have in
duced the ascetic recluse who writes these
reviews in his cell in a monastery to make
mention of this book. Mists Trever is rep
resented as a singularly attractive young
woman, a leader of the highest society.
Do such ladies aak gentlemen if they re
member "that awful Nelsin girl," and
snow them pictures cut from comic pa
pery to know if one of the girls in them
is not "the image of the 'fair' Miss Nel
sin?" And is it consistent with the ideal
of gracious and well schooled femininity
for a womßii to bet a silver bracelet that
Bhe will make a man fall in love with
her? Ladles in these paper-covered books
about high life do thing* that seem ao
.it,' ■■!■ to us unsophisticated lower classes.
The Btory runs along briskly, and is not
unpleasant. Of course it need not be said
that between you and me there Is pre
cious little in it. For its purpose that is
its chief virtue. "The Puppet Show." By
L*eonidas Westervelt. F. Ti&nnyson Neely,
New York.
• • •
"The Day of Temptation," by William
Le Queux, is the story of a mysterious
mystery of 4 very mysterious nature* It
Odd Fads and
Queer
Eccentricities
of the
Great Actress
Who Sleeps
With "
Her Coffin at
the Foot
of Her Bed.
looked furiously in the direction from
which the stones had come, and what
do you think? There was S; rah as
tride of the stone wall, her reddish hair
tangkd about her face, amusing her
self in this fashion. A dignitary start
ed toward her and began to protest,
but Sarah had the advantage. H r
pockets were full of stones and he
<ould not approach. Imagine the ; ;tu
ation- all of the w eeping mourners and
the high church officials put into
absolute confusion by this little
diable. Naturally for Buch a grave of
fense the sisters would have punished
her severely, bui she saved herself in
a most original way. she climbed lik"
a cat to th" top of i\ tall tree and ab
solutely refused to come down until
they had promised not to punish her.
I was looking for ;i trace of this lit
tle vixen in the levely portrait by
Clairin that nuns before me, wherein
the "divine Sarah" reclines- In one of
her serrjpntine noses on a red velvet
divan, when Mine. Bernhardt entered.
I felt as though the curtain had just
pone up in the first act of "Phaedre,"
for there she was .wearing a clinging
white gown with a jeweled metallic
would be a detective story if the detec
tives detected anything, In it lips are
"eager," kisses "'fierce," Ingenuity "devil
ish," eyes "world weary." ■ Murders arc
committed by means of rings which in
ject subtle eastern poisons, or by marble
busts full of dynamite, which explode
when two sligiii scratches are brought
together. The chief character is an Ital
ian girl of surprising beauty, who wins
the honest love of a young Englishman;
only to be abandoned by him on charges,
apparently well rounded, thai she Is an
adventuress. The story is the narrative
of the way in which she frees- herself
from the domination of those who control
her, and who have unjustly blasted her
name, and of her final happiness in win
ning again the confidence and devotion
of her lover. The tale will amuse those
who like to ■•■• whether an author con
trives his puzzles Inccnlusly and
will thrill th' •-■■ who arc not proof against
a somewhat mechanical sensationalism.
"The Day of Temptation," by William
1.-p Que-ux. G. W. Dlllingha mCompany.
New York.
• • *
Appleton & Co. have published two little
popular manuals of Information, one on
the army and one on the navy. The books
are written primarily for young i pie,
but will l>e of interest to ninny older ones.
In each the most impressive fact is the
evolution of the gun— '■'-■•■ ch-'oading
rifled musket and the breach-loading
rifled cannon.
A man need not be very aged to re
member tie flintlock. To load, a soldier
took up 'iis powder-horn, drew the- stop
per with his teeth, measured his powder,
poured It Into the gun, replaced the
Stopper and the horn, tore oft a piece of
cloth for a wad, if necessary greased It,
drew a soft round bullet from the pouch
and put It in the wad, rammed the bullet
to place, took up the gun, picked the
vent If It was foul, opened a little pan on
top of the gun near the breech, poured
powder In and closed the nan, and if
need be sharpened his flint, ills gun was
good for 150 or 200 yards, and it was only
after long improvements that it could be
fired once a minute. Now a soldier claps
live cartridges Into his rifle, and every
minute can send twenty-five or thirty
long, hard projectiles, carrying death a
mile or more. What would happen to an
army In these days which should wait for
a sight of the whites of the enemies'
eyes.' or even of their brass buttons? or
which should advance with a solid front?
Mr. Austin's little book gives a vivid
picture of the modern . tactics— of the
troops scattered, crouching, crawling
from cover to cover, or dashing a few
yards on. He explains clearly how the
soldier, thus left to himself, must be more
intelligent and independent, even more
genuinely courageous in some ways than
of old.
The history of the navy has the same
central facts to present— development
of the modern gun and its effects on
tactics. Ships no longer can close with
their antagonists muzzle to muzzle and
send cannon-balls crashing into each
other's sides until victor and vanquished
both drift from the fight. Nelson once
lay alongside a beaten vessel and led
his men across her deck to an enemy be
yond. . Contrast this with Santiago, where
the two fleets, were not within a mile of
each other.
It must not be inferred that the
authors have meant to write only of the
changes in the art of war on sea or land
caused by the Improvements in weapons.
Mr. Austin's book Is an exposition of the
method* of modern warfare, from th* en
THE SUNDAY CALL.
belt. It is a wonder that from sheer
force of habit I did not applaud.
"Mme. Gerard is very kind to
bring you to see me." she said with a
graciousness and a sum!'' thai ever
without her genius would entitle her
to the adjective "divine." "I am ex
of-f-diiitcly fond of Americans and ."■. .
ica, ' slu 1 continued. "Indeed, some of
the pleasantesi i oil Ktions of my life
are ass* ciat< ■': with your c runtry. Thi re
is really only one thing that I don'l
like al>'>ut it -H Is' too immense. Ev >ry
thir.^ in America is too big to please
me, the mountains are too hi^h and th •
heavens seem s ■ far away. The big
and th ■• tnons troua vegetation of
California affed me unpleasantly. But
the people are charming. I think [
should goto America much oftener
were it nol bo much trouble. You see.
I t ;i k-- eighty Immense trunks with me
every time thai I ■■:<• and it requires -i
great deal of thinking even to instruct
mj ■ laids i bi ■''- all of these costumes."
"Eighty trunks? Whai in the world
■: ■ ■ . put In them!" I exclaimed.
"Well, I have forty-five alone for
sta; r '- costumes. One, for instance.
holds more than two hundred pairs of
slippers, another one contains Linen, an
other flowers, another one perfumery.
The others have streel costumes, hats
and a thousand and one accessories, l
often wonder how my feinme de cham
eps track of all these things."
"Your extensive, repertoire must ne
cessitate a great deal of hard work."
••\Vs. indeed, it dues. I earn all of
the money that I make. I have worked
— ah, how I have worked," she ex
listment of troops to the end of the cam
paign, with an outline of the military
history of the war with Spain. It Is very
skillfully Illustrated and well Indexed.
Mr. Matthews giver, a brief history of the
navy for forty years, exhibiting all the
main phases of the development of naval
warfare in that time. Bui the tacts most
Imp! ' - .-. • to the reader are the im
provements? in weapons and the conse
quent changes in. methods.
Mr. Austin's work on the army is the
skillful performance of a difficult task.
He has io bring together a vast mass of
Information into com] form. Ills plan
of nutting a boy through the whole ■ x
perience v.-.i^ a good one; but it Is a pity
the boy is so docile, so disciplined, so much
like Hollo. Perhaps he would not other
wise have served the purpose. Air.
Matthews' history of the navy contains
8 record of heroic deeds which, however
familiar they may be, cannot be thought
of by an American without a stirring of
me heart.
"Our Navy in Time of War"— By
Franklin Matthews. 1). Appleton & Co.,
New York. 75 cents.
"Uncle Sam's Soldiers"— By Oscar
Phelps Austin. D. Appleton & Co., New
York. 75 cents.
• • •
The Rev. C. R. Brown, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, Oakland,
has recently published a book entitled
"The Main Points," i.  .. of the. Christian,
religion. The book which is a very short
one, is a revision of ten addresses on such
themes as: "The Divinity of .Jesus
Christ," "The Atonement," "The Philoso
phy of Prayer," "The Hope of immortal
ity," "The Last Judgment." Dr. Brown's*
purpose is to give to some of the cardinal
beliefs of Christianity a statement con
sonant with modern habits of thought.
He disclaims any pretense to originality
of substance and puts his book forwara
simply as a brief popular exposition, nd
dressed to busy people, of the ideas con
tained in some of the profounder theo
logical works of the time. • -
In the history of the Christian church
two tendencies are constantly at work,
one Baying: "This is just; it must be God's
will," the other, "This is God's will; it
must be just." One is the voice of con
ildence in the reasonableness of God's
world, the other the expression of the
sense of Its mystery. , One looks toward
science, the other toward revelation.
It is in this second spirit that the tra
ditional theology of evangelical Protest
antism was built up. Accepting certain
dogmas as divinely taught this theology
rigidly deduced their logical conclusions.
The result was a philosophy of life the.
simplicity and logical consistency of
which have given it a power which fas
cinates and controls the mind. Cold,
calm, logical, attacked as mechanical,
cruel and even devilish, this theology
stands as the opposite of Dr. Brown n.
Where the Calvlnist elaborates a system
Dr. Brown refuses to take a step beyond
the plain words of Scripture, Where a
doctrine Is taught he interprets it in its
happiest form. Nowhere does Dr. Brown
seem to depart from orthodoxy as it is
conceived of In evangelical churches. He
believes In the divinity of Christ, in an
atonement by him, in the propriety of
praying for some temporal goods. In Ir
remediable moral degradation, and hence
In an everlasting state of lostnesa for
some sinners. But his doctrine 1* at low
tide. He resorts to the moral sense of
mankind to Justify God's ways. He must
sometimes take refuge In referring mys
teries to God's wIU, yet he doe* to seldom,
claimed wringing her slender hands In
a fashion altogether tragic. "I suppose
I am a genius," she continued, smiling
once again. "Everybody says so and
yet I sometimes doubt it. You know I
wenl on the stage against my will. I
didn't want to be an a< tress, but my
mother forced me Into it. 1 think if I
had b< en left to myself that I should
have b :en a painter or a sculptor."
' But now you are both."
■Yes. by way of relaxation. You
may Imagine thai 1 do not have much
time for these pursuits. Everybody
laughs at mj caprice in this regard,
for ] often do my sculpturing after the
theater when al! the world is alseep.
it i-; nothing unusual for me to send
for a mod< l a 1 midnight and to keep
her until daylight. Strange as it may
seem I love thes ■ other afts more than
acting. At' ftrst i n belleB heartily
against a stage career. My mother,
when she insisted on it. did not dream
that I had any particular talent, but
thought that 1 might learn to do minor
parts and thus earn my living. The
fust few months at the conservatory
I had no interest in my work at all.
l went abmit it mechanically, simply
bi cause there wa.s nothing better to
do."
"Mme. Gerard tells me that you
wanted to be a nun."
"Ah. Mmc Gerard has been telling
tales out of school," she said, with a
kindly smile at the old lady. "Yes, I
wanted to be a nun. When 1 was very
young several men. among others a
tanner and a glovemaker. asked for
my hand in marriage, but the prosy
Upon such mysteries he looks as little as
possible. "When we are asked what will
finallj be done with the heathen who nave
neither accepted nor rejected Christ, be
cause they never heard of him. we need
not hesitate to say, "We do not know;
we have no idea.' Why should we know?
What will finally be done with those
about us v.-i.v nro not totally nor irre
claimably bad and yel who die and Rive
no sign of evangelical repentance and con
version? We ilO not know. Why should
we know?"
Dr. Brown; it will be Been, Is conserva
tive. A Calvinist would say we do know
because God's revealed plan of salvation
admits of but one answer. A thorough
going application of Dr. Brown's m» thod
in similar cases would reply that God's
love and justice admit of but one answer.
The answers would be opposite, and Dr.
Brown's attitude is a rebuke to over
eagerness either way. Obviously a book
in such a temper Is addressed to evan
gelical believers who "have difficulties."
and who wish them solved by orthodoxy.
For religious minds who feel the oppres
sion of some traditional views of Chris
tianity this book may well be a help and
comfort, its honesty and courage, its
frankness and sympathy, must command
respect from all, whether they need its
message or not.
The book is wisely addressed not to
logic, but to a prevailing sentiment or
way of thinking. Logic has but little to
say on such questions. It is fortunate for
the world that, there are clergy who
preach in such « temper. By their agency
the Inevitable advance of science and
speculative philosophy may be assimilated
into the traditional belief, profoundly
modifying it, but in no sense destroying
or diminishing the religious feeling ex
pressed through it.
"The Main Points"— by C. R. Brown.
The Whltaker & Ray Co., San Franci&co.
$1 25.
• * •
A second edition of Captain Mahan's
"Life of Nelson" has just been published.
The author has amplified his treatment
of some disputed points and added some
curious information, but he has left the
second edition substantially the same as
the first. It would be impertinent' to write
at length of this already celebrated book.
The reader does not know at which to
feel the greatest surprise*; the literary
faculty of so accomplished a naval tac
tician, or the technical thoroughness with
which so sympathetic and skillful a writer
treats naval questions. Nelson's career
had the unity and intensity of a great
drama; but the treatment of the great
mass of records In which Milton's life lay
buried in such a manner as to reveal this
unity and intensity required literary art
of no mean order. The American navy,
distinguished alike for scientific attain
ments in peace and for valor and skill In
war, has received new honor from Cap
tain Mahan's books. The "Life of Nel
son" is one of several Important biograph
ical works to be published this fall in new
and cheaper editions— Mrs. Browning's
"Letters" and McCarthy's "Gladstone,"
for instance. The first edition of the
"Life of Nelson" cost $8. the second costs
$3 and is a fine piece of bookmaking.
The "Life of Nelson"— by Captain A. T.
Mahan, U. S. N. Second edition, revised.
Little, Brown A Co., Boston. $3.
A new venture of some Importance to
the Jewish comunlty Is the publication of
the American Jewish Year Book for the
year "6660," containing an ecclesiastical
calendar, ft brief, revi«w of th« state or
Makes Pets of Tigers and
Sleek Yellow Wild Cats.'
existence of an ordinary married
woman was even then repugnant to
me. I thought it was my vocation to
enter a convent, but now I know that
ir was only my artistic temperament
asserting Itself. The ecstatic life of a
nun would have accorded much better
with my peculiar disposition than a
commonplace life in the world. My
mother was a Jewess, but I was
brought up a Catholic and at one time
was excessively devout. I hnd a little
statue of the Virgin Mary that I car
ried with me everywhere. I considered
It a sort of porte-bor.heur. At last, to
my great grief, it was broken, and I
thought that all my good fortune had
left me. Now I have another porte
bonheur that happily is not breakable.
It Is a little shoe, th« first one worn by
my son Maurice. I have carried it
with me all over the world, and every
night I put It on the table beside me.
where it greets me the first thing in
the morning."
How beautiful, yet how like the
"commonplace" woman that she had
scorned to become! The wife of the
glovemaker cherishing a baby shoe it
is easy to imagine, but who would have
suspected this simple sentiment in
Sarah Bernhardt! My heart warmed
toward her after this confession and I
felt her very approachable. After all
this great genius, this Phaedre, this
CamiHe, this Hamlet, whose applause
could be heard around the world, was
yet a woman with a woman's heart!
"What are your impressions of
Paris?" she asked me, and then the
thf- Jfws in Europe and the United States,
directories of national and local organiza
tions, a list of Jewish periodicals pub
lished in this country. Jewish statistics
and a list of the leading events interest
ing to Israelites in the year "5659." Of
course, such a book is mainly valuable to
Hebrews, but it contains some matter of
interest to Gentiles. Chief In this is the
attention paid to the Dreyfus case. In
the list of important events every step in
this case is noted: "June S— Colonel G.
Picfiuart released from prison." "Juno 10—
Cuptain Alfn d Dreyfus leaves Devils Isl
and for France." In Joseph Jacobs' able
introductory article on the Jews in
Europe the significance of the persecution
of Dreyfus is justly insisted on. Of Dr< y
fus himself he says: "This typical traitor
is turning out one of the mosl remark
able characters history has revealed, 11*'
has borne his martyrdom with the pa
tience of a saint and the heroism of a sol
dier. The severest tortures of body and
spirit have not soured him. He appears
almost the only Dreyfusard who does not
clamor for rev< nge. The anti-Semites
havo chosen their type; the Jews mißht
very well accept it." Most Americans
have had their attention fixed upon what
the Dreyfus case meant for France, it
is well to be reminded that the cause of
human freedom has found its embodiment
in th» j person of a Jew. This is not by
any means the first time Israel has con
tributed its share to a victory won by de
feat.
American Jewish Year Pook, edited by
Cyrus Adler. The Jewish Publication So
ciety of America, Philadelphia; 75 cents.
BocKs Received.
"The Life of Nelson." by Captain A. T.
Mahan, V. S. N. Second edition, revised.
Little, Brown & Co., Boston. Price, $3.
"American Jewish Year Book," edited
by Cyrus Adler. The Jewish Publication
Society of America, Philadelphia. Price,
75 cents.
"The Puppet Show," by Leonidas W< s
tervelt. F. Tennyson Neely, New York.
"The Naked Truth," by Albert Ross. G.
W. Dillingham & Co.. New York. Price. $1.
"The Day of Temptation," by William
I,e Queux. G. W. Dillingham & Co.. New
York.
"Hats Off!" by Arthur Henry Veysfty.
G. W. Dilllngham & Co., New York.
Price, $1 25.
"The Sacrifice of Silence," by Edouard
Rod, translated by John W. Harding. G.
W. Dillingham & Co., New York. Price,
$1 50.
"The Slave of the Damp," by Henry
Seton Merriman. new issue. G. W. Dil
lingham & Co.. New York. Price. $1 50.
"The Main Points," by Charles Rey
nolds Brown. The Whitaker A Ray Com
pany, San Francisco. Price, $1 25.
"The Algebraic Solution of Equations
of Any Degree " by L. A. Buchanan, M.
E., and J. Lewis Andre. The Whi taker &
Ray Company, San Francisco, Price, 80
cents.
"Alaska and the Klondike," by Angelo
Heilprin. D. Appleton & Co., New York.
Price, $1 75.
"A Cosmopolitan Comedy," by Anna
Robeson Brown. D. Appleton & Co., New
York. Price, $L
"Dr. Nikola's Experiment," by Guy
conversation turned into other channels
although I was much more Interested
in her allusions to herself.
"I was dying to ask her about the
coffin," I said to Mme. Gerard, as we
were on our way home, "but I was
afraid that it would bo indelicate. How
ever, it exists, you have seen it your
self, have you?"
"Yes. many a time. It isn't much like
a coflin. It seems more like a beautiful
little bed. The cushions arc all of white
silk and are padded with love letters
and fadsd bouquets. Sarah proposes to
be laid to rest among the souvenirs of
those sho loves. The lid of the coffin
bear? her monogram and a tragic mask
in silver with the inscription 'quand
meme. 1 Sarah thinks a great deal
about death and yet she is not at all
morbid. She knows that it must come
and prepares for it after her own pe
culiar fashion. You know she is really
very good."
"Is she?" I Bald, not meaning to con
vey a doubt In the Interrogation, but
which the old lady half interpreted In
that way. "Yes, Indeed, she is," she
said, emphatically. "There are many
people who criticise her, but they are
all fools— they presume to judge a gTeat
genius according to the little laws that
are made for ordinary people. The
shackles of conventionality would be
death to Sarah Bernhardt!"
"Yes, I understand it is hard to put
an eagle into the cage of a canary."
GENEVIEVE GREEN.
Boothby. D. Appleton & Co., New York.
Price, $1.
"Equality," by Edward Bellamy. D.
Appleton & Co., New Tork. Price, 50 cents.
"The Game and the Candle," by Rhoda
Broughton. D. Appleton & Co. New
York. Price, $1.
"The Kingdom of Hate," by T Gallon,
D. Appleton & Co. New York. Price, |L
"Snow on the Headlight," by Cy war
man. D. Appleton & Co., New York.
Price, $1 25.
"The Stranye Story of Hester Wynne."
by ci. Colmore. D. Appleton & Co., Ne/w
York. Price, $1.
"Our Navy in Time of War," by Frank
lin Matthews. D. Appleton & Co., New
fork. Price, 75 cents.
"Uncle Sam's Soldiers," by Oscar Phelp«
Austin. D. Appleton & Co., New YorkT
Price, 75 cents.
Quaint Marr age Verses.
in a select magazine, very popular In
Now York City when the present century
was young and unsophisticated. in th«
column devoted to the marriage notice*
and headed "Hymeneal," appear the fol
lowing:
Mr. Henry M. Locke to Miss Catherine
Storms: "=««^
What daring feats the ardent youth perform*.
\\ ho bares his bosom to resistless Storms-
And like the fabled heathen god who chain' 4.
And In a cave the roving winds restratn'd
t?o Henry bids the very name to cease
Secured by Locke, the Storms now smila la
pence. .
Mr. Thomas Lemolne to Mrs. Susan 3ton«:
The widow saw it was not Rood
For her to dwell alone,
-And so the heart she gave to Wood
Was hardened to a Stone.
Mr. Harry Miller to Miss Magdalene Wolf:
Wolves sometimes take our sheep by nlu-ht
And Millers take our grain, g U
And when these two their trades unite
Where is our safety then? *
A rleam of hoi>R springs o'er my brow
In this dark, dismal gulf;
For the Wolf has caught the Miller now '
1 he Miller stole the Wolf. • *
Mr. Alvah Finch to Miss Harriet Weed:
A cold-Finch late in search of seeds
Explored a rural bower:
And found amidst luxuriant Weeds
A modest little flower.
Mr. David H. Cook to Miss Louisa Mariner:
A Mariner unfolds the chart
By storms of love o'ertook'
Fearful of shoals— with beating heart.
Calls on the faithful Cook " "**
Commands thus given, he scorns delay
And crowds each swelling sail '
And onward. steers to Hymen's bay
To shelter from the ■ ale
But much retarded by the wind.
He calls the chaplain's aid- '
And quickly leaves the storm behind
The destined Dort is made tlllna -
Let those who sail life's brook
Ne er shrink nor be dismayed-
But like the Mariner and Cook '
Call in the chaplain's aid.
Such flattering: tributes as the foreeoinir
were doubtless received by the hriri^. iS§
grooms of that time, if not with actual
pleasure at least with fortitude* bui
fancy the feelings of a young coudl« of
to-day who, found their marriage nnticl
accompanied by the mildest of the if
fusions emoted. VL me «-
Why She Was Happy.
les her hat was certainly lovely
though it had cost but eighteen dollars
and thirty cents-quit, as lovely as that
hSndr ea!° 1 " 1111 S> WhiCh had Cost "earl?"
"iWt the Smiths are able to own a more
C C d U °h U c S r &i n nd church than -•"
"Well they can't come In any later than
trSlt 'j&nZu? eXClaimed - rarflantly r i^Through
means
of
a fund
left by
the will
Gi a rich
can g& ,-
; I c m a n
1 he
Boston
seam
of
FinaAri
becomes
pos -
s ess eel
of the
' a moil 5
and
'v a i i.i a b i .
collec
if on of
Harl-
borough
gem-.
which
were
once sold
at
auction
and have
never
been re-
deemed
although Qi^presOTl^iaKe
has the \ 7 anderbHt
millions at his command.
THE Marlborouph gem = have hern notable for more than
a century; and now some of the choicest specimens of
antique cameos, sards and Intaglios have found a per
manent restiner place in the Boston Museum of Fine
Arts! This famous collection was really started by the
K.:r! <.f Arundel. but George"; third Duke of Marlbor
oi:ph. took h fiT'-m Interest in it. and i; was the catalogue of
tatm-os arid intaglios published by him in 1780 that gave a
■world^wlde reputation to the Marlborough g:ems. In those days
the seats of ancient civilization had not become trampled down
by hordes oi relic-hunting tourists, and the liberal gentlemen
v ho were interested In old poms were able to secure prizes at
first hand which would be utterly beyond the attainment of
modern col lector?.
It in no wonder, therefore, that the third Duke of Marlbor
oiißh took such a ■ ■ Ide in his collection that lie posed for his
portrait with one of his favcrite cameos in his hand. But
■when the- house of Marlborouph got into financial ."traits even
this- famous gem; with the rest of the lection, was sold by
the father of th<» present Duke to the late David Bromil.iw
Esq. of Bittswell [all.
For a generation the Kreat collection- lay hidden away, un
til, becomine the property <.f Mi -. .lary, it was put up for pub
lic auction at Christie's last June]
By the will of th<.> late Henry l. Pierce the Boston Museum
of Fln« Arts became possessed of a !arpe fund for the purchase
of works of ait. Through th< museum's London agent nine
teen cameoß, sarda and other ;-■ m - ■'. ■re bought last June.
Thirteen of the Marlborough gems have arrived and have just
horn placed on exhibition In a specially constructed fire and
burglar jirocf case.
They are really very beautiful, and some of the Back Bay
people go into ecstacles over them. They manifest surprise,
however, that the present Duke should not have regained poi
Eession of these heirlooms, now that the family fortune has
been repaired by VanderbUt millions,
JuFt how much the Boston collection cost is not made
Jroubles of an jTthletic Parson.
Rc-v. i . i,. < i.isi of Lawreuce.L. I and temporary pas-
Presbyterlan church al Bellmore, N. V.. la
h martyr He can.- to Bellmon
moi • - • -i found a church wh h was opened onlj
lied or was married, and as things do not hap
ellmore, this menu* very seldom. Situated
in the outskirts oi the town, on on< of the main thoroug.
and with surroundings most delightful, Mr. •■list conceived the
pening the old church every Sabbath and hold
■hf manner of t lie most liberal and at the
time doctrinal exponents.
Bui there were difficulties to bo met. The young element
which he especially sought to Interest, passed the church by
with averted face. It only suggested lout; prayers and longer
ff-rmonp. weddings and funerals. Rev. Mr. Cllgt began very
guardedly to draw the young people to the church, and espe
cially eschewed the longer sermons. Ho gave informal "talks"
after the manner of the most popular New York divines, and
the frightened young folks began slowly to nil up the pews
Encouraged therein, the dominie conceived the brilliant idea
of organizing a field club, which should be an up-to-date
athletic enterprise, and, by bringing the young people into re
fined sport over the festive bunker and the merry tennis net.
bo led them Into the church fold. '
MARLBOROUGH JEWELS IN AMERICA
Right here, however, came in the wac
giiiK hoads of the doctrinarians whose
scheme of exclusiveness had closed the
doors of the church anil kept them
i for two years. Bellmore is a vil
lage of magnificent distances, where peo
ple have more than plenty of time to
think tilings. By the time they were
ready to talk h few of the enemies of the
revolutionary regime came together, and
by magnifying little upon little, concluded
that the Rev. Mr. (.'list was nothing
more than a trainer of pugilists in dis
guise, and that he proposed to turn the
eld church Into training quarters for the
THE SUNDAY CALL.
younger generation of aspirants to the i
roped arena. The younger element Want
ed less sermon and more athletics, the
elder less athletics and more doctrine. As
the Rev. Mr, «'liat is a tall, finely pro
portjoned member of tb* militant church,
with a kern sense of the human needs as
well as the spiritual, he leaned somewhat
toward tho younger constituency, and
the field club progressed in spite of all
opposition.
"It Is most absurd," said Postmaster ;
Heine, who with Major Hymn Kali. Air.
Dean and scores of others t;\ke the part '
of the athletic dnminie, "and also most
unjust tn a very g"od man that this fight i
should come just at a tlmft when the sue- 1
cess of the new pastor was assured." J
Those who believe that the days of pic
turesque journalism are dead in this coun
try are miataken. Go West, and you find
it in all its fresh exuberance. "What, for
Instance, is more inspiring than the fol
lowing sprightly obituary of the Con
gressional boom of a Nebraskan? It is
from the editorial columns of the Kearney
Sun:
'Hose Carson's boom for Congreim .8
drad. Born in tho shadow of a grave,
cradled In vanity and nurtured on conceit,
it died on the Fourth of July, 1899. It was
always a frail flower and lingered for sev
i eral months between the hope of life and
the fear of death, but hope finally de
spaired and the boom winged its flight
through ethereal space to the upper and,
it is to be hoped, much better kingdom,
where it will escape the designs of other
and stronger Congressional booms and
avoid, especially, contact with the de
stroying octopus, of a man on a slack wire
— for that's what killed Hose's boom.
"Conceived in a friendly castle built of
air, born to this unhallowed sphere at an
untimely hmir with the knowledge of but
a fen members of a charmed circle, it
died, not like the flower— for there is hope
that if the flower dies it will bloom again.
Peace be to its ashes."
known, r>ut the price of one gem alone was $10,000, and there
are others that certainly cost nearly as much.
The most famous gem. and one which has been frequently
copied, represents the nuptials of Cupid and Psyche, and 19
signed by Tryphon, who lived and died in Macedon about 300
B. C. The history of this cameo i? known from the year lnoO
A. D., but there is a difference of opinion as to its origin.
Some scholars believe It to be a product of the Renaissance,
others that it is Grecian. Mr. Robinson believes it to be a
product of Greece, and the trend of opinion seems to be In that
direction.
The first figure to the left bears aloft a dish containing
probably what in a wedding gift, or food for the nuptial feast.
Next on the left nre Cupid and Psyche, the central figures, the
faces of both veiled from curious eyes, as custom prescribed.
Cupid bears a dove. The next tiny figure bears a torch over
nne shoulder and leads the couple by a cord. Still another
winged little fellow, with an open-handed posture, welcomes
them to what may be either a couch or a table for the feast.
The muscles of the body are depicted skillfully.
The hear 1 ? of Li via and Tiberius are carved in green tiir
quoise on another cameo. Unfortunately, only the upper part
of the .aem was found; what remains had to be patched to
gether, but the work was done so skillfully that it is scarcely
noticeable. The Ivad of Tiberius and the head and breast of
I>ivia remain intact. A small portion of the woman's drapery
Is shown: the treatment of the hair is particularly fine, much
having been done with what afforded little opportunity.
Wreaths, denoting imperial rank, surmount each brow. Thi
cast of the young Roman's features is typical of his race, and
the expression is stern.
BartalOZZi, a noted engraver of the last century, devoted
several years; <">f his life to reproducing on copper the Marlbor-
OUgfl gems. Ho made in all 108 plates. Very few found- their
way to this country.
Possibly the only c^mplfte set is owned by John R. de
Zeller, a collector of New York.
Small fortunes to tfoted Singers.
THE American millionaire in London who gave th* moat
notable entertainment of the seanon has surpassed all
records for lavishness in offering: artist? for the pleasure
of his guests. King Ludwlg of Bavaria', who had an
opera sung for his Bolitary amusement, seems economical in
comparison With this latest list, and an nll-st;ir performance
at the Metropolitan could be undertaken at no greater cost.
Piidorewski, Sarah Bernnardt, Melba and Plancon, not to mpn
tion Ancona and Ronnard, were the artists engaged at this
entertainment. The musicians performed in a drawing room,
and for the actress, who appeared with s^me members of her
company in a little play, a Stage had been arranged. More than
$5000 was paid to these entertainers. Only the foreign actors
ar* engage.! for those drawing room appearances, and it is
curious to read tiv.t one of the best known women on the Paris
stage has juft gone to London with no idea of acting in a thea
ter, but with a list of engagements for private houses long
enough to keep hei employed tor three weeks. The difT.
in the value set on such forms of entertaining here is shown by
the compensation paid to n h'v nch actress of real fame who
acted here in private three years arro. She was the last to act
under these circumstances In New York, and gave a little play
in a Madison avenue drawing room after her regular per
formance. Only 1500 u-h« paid t<> her for that. The pxplanation
used to he that the comparative smaliness of New York draw
ing rooms made this style of entertainment unpopular. Hut
that no longer holds, since so many among the persons- who
could afford such luxuries now have ballrooms.
31
Choicest
speci
mens
of
antique
cameos,
sards,
intaglios
and
other
gems
that
have
been
notable
for
more
than a
century,
and
whose
total
value
Is not
known
but may
be
well
appreci
ated,
for it is
certain
that one
alone
of
these
antiques
cost
$10,000.32
PRIZE
WINNERS
FOR THE
INTERNATIONAL
BABY
AT THE SHOW
MECHANICS
FAIR
THE SUNDAY CALL.