no_textVOLUME I.XX.WII-No. 1.",.
FALSE RUMOR OF RELIEF OF LADYSMITH
FOLLOWS DISASTERS TO BRITISH ARMS!
While Ambulances
Under a Flag of
Truce Collect the
Wounded and Dead
at the Scene of Meth
uen's Defeat Conies
News of a Minor
Victory by French.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— The War Office has received the
following dispatch from General Forestier-YValker, at
Cape Town:
"General French wires under date of December 18,
reporting a skirmish at 4 o'clock in the morning with
1800 Koers. who were advancing southward toward
Nauuwpoort Ihe skirmishing continued all the morn
ini>. the BOCTO 'ifihtin^ on a front of fourteen miles.
The enemy retired with a loss of forty killed and
\Nounded. Our casualties were one killed, seven
wounded. Including one o ficer, and two missing."
MDDER RIVER, Wednesday, Dec. 13.— Ambulances
- morning uinler a flap of truce to
wounded an<l bury the dead wh<> fell at Ma-
gcrsfomein.
Wauchope, who led the Highland Brig
ac^c - : near the trenches, shot in the chest and
thigh. A few t i : und near the trenches. Several
ken to the British hospital.
I the hill and the immediate neighborhood of
r trenches show 5 all about. One wound
ll' Boa inf< lent that their loss was terrible.
The whole S tttingent was destroyed. fudging
caned from the Boer wounded and from
ifferent parts of the field the Boer !■
-t ruction wrought by the naval guns
enormous. Word was passed along: the Boer lines to pre
t nightfall. All confess that it was their great-
X returned to Modder River, OwnW
10 tl the position held yesterday.
\MI\ Wednesday, Dec. 13.— -Firing can be
heard tl m the direction of * , and an artillery
duel ted \ lay.
FALSE RUMORS
OF THE RELIEF
OF LADYSMITH
LONDON. Dee. IS.-Word of the small
ruceess won by General French near
Naauwpoort: the persistent though com
pletely unconfirmed rumor that Lady
smith hnd been relieved and thousands
of Boers taken prisoners: reporta from
Chlei-eley ramp, under date if Tuesday,
that General Bullcr's force was ready to
move, but that the British reconnoltortng
parties had tailed to draw the fire of the
I»oers. who *e«>mfil to have Instructions
to mask their positions* until our infantry
advances: and Lord M«thu»n"s report of
casualties*, with names of officers and the
numbers of the rank and Qle killed or
vounded in the l>attle —these are features
of the South African news.
Most of the newspapers In commenting
upon Methuen's losses ref<-r Impressively
to the RT««a.t number killed and wounded
In the battles of the Crimean. American
Civil, and Turko-Russlan and Franco-
Prussian wars and the?i go on to argue
that in comparison with these fjgures fhe
percentage of loss suffered In the British
advance toward fOmberiey is much less
than might be expected when the nature
of the ground and character of the at
tack are taken into consideration. Just
the same the newspapers all urge that
the War Office bestir itself and rush
heavy reinforcements to the Cape as
quickly as possible.
In th!« connection it is stated that the
*.r-\"*nth division is to be mobilized im
mediately and that an eighth division will
be formed and hrld in reserve.
By Sunday four battalions of the Sixth
Division will have started, while the
troops of the Fifth Division, now at sea,
ought to have begun landing at the Cape
by this time.
As to the rumor of the relief of Lady
*mlth. it created a Bcene of tremendous
excitement on the Stock Exchange, where,
the effect of Gataere's Rnd Methuen's re
verFeß had been felt most severely. The
report began to be circulated on the ••x
change yesterday afternoon that Buller
find Clcery had relieved I^adysmlth and
taken lO.ono prisoners. I>ater on it was
freely stated that a private telegram re
ceived in KdlnbunTh announced that Gen
eral Buller had inflicted a decisive defeat
on the enemy.
This caused a wild outburst of enthusi
asm. Broker* yelled, flung their hats in
the air. sang and cheered. A firmer tone,
became noticeable, but It lasted only a
little while, as the news agency was
officially Informed that the War Office
had received no information respecting
the rumor. It is paid now that the re
port wan got up by a clique who were
endeavoring to stop the flump in South
African shares.
The. British losses at Magcrsfonteln are
522. of which more than 7*o were In the
Highland Brigade. Of the officers fifteen
were killed and forty-^even wounded,
while nix are missing. About SOOO British
were engaged, so that 10 per cent were
killed or wounded. The Highland Brigade,
with TOO men down out of Its strength of
sm to 3500, lost 20 per cent.
M;iL-i ri-f' .n:. in appears to be another
cape of superior Boer Ftrategy or inex
cusable neglect by the British to fully fee]
the position of their opponents, although
fuller ucccunts <»f the battle would Feem
to support the theory that the repulse was
due rather to accident than to any fault
on the pan of the general? or men. Still
there is nurh to dr. explained.
The Boer position had been heavily
bombarded on Sunday, but we do not
know that the lntrenchments had been
thoroughly examined. It is probable that
The San Francisco Call
| during th* night an advance was made by
the Boers and new works constructed up
j on which the Highlanders blundered in
: the dark. No troops, taken altogether by
surprise, could have escaped terrible
losses, yet when the British column ad
vanced at night toward the enemy's posi
tion, it seems as if every precaution
should have been taken to guard against
all possible moves of the mobile foe. In
stead of that the British advanced as If
on parade until they were at the mercy
of the intrenched Boers. Instead of be
i ing In a scattered line the quarter column
formation, In which the Highlanders were
marching when they came unexpectedly
j on the Boors, is the closest formation in
I which regiments can inc.' There Is only
Just room for officers and non-commls.
sloned officers between the companies. A
regiment in this formation looks like solid
blocks of humanity.
It nnt I • t he clear to the
n the
:
iiciit attack upun aa Intn mUoq
tdmirably, bai I th. re
no the
RACING INTO ACTION AT PEPWORTH HILL.
"The British artillery again saved the situation" (Modder River Dispatch.)
From the London Dally Graphic.
The promptness and celerity with which the batteries have gotten Into position and the accuracy with which the sruns have been served have a«raln. as at Pepworth Hill and Stormberz Junction
proved the salvation of the Infantry. » junction,
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 189f>.
Burghersdorp, Cape Colony, on General Gatacre's Line of Advance.
This town lies forty miles K>Utb of the OranK<» River, on the line of the Eas: London and Bloemfonteln Railroad.
\it>ert Junction, where a branch leaves the main line for Allwal North. After Storniherp Junction it was General
re'i next objective point, its population of Mfc) people, as well as that of the rather thickly settled country
around, is of Dutch extraction and largely in sympathy with the Boers. The Stormberg Mountains are shown In the dls
tanoe to the east and south.
METHUEN'S DEFEAT MAKES
THE BRITISH SITUATION MOST
DIFFICULT IN SOUTH AFRICA
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— Major W. A. Simpson, the
War Department's expert, in summarizing the situ
ation in South Africa, says:
"The result of Methuen's right on the Modder
River makes the British situation rather difficult
Reports are very meager, but are sufficient to show that the
British attacked the Boers in strong position and were re
pulsed. Metbuen reports the Boers as 12.000 strong. It would
be interesting to know whether he had such information be
forehand, or whether he learned it by the strength of their
resistance. If he knew it beforehand he should not have at
tacked, provided in.- own force numbered, as is generally sup
posed, not more than 11.000. For one army to attack another
of equal, or superior strength, behind earthworks, and of good
fighting material, is suicidal.
"Methuen could not expect to be successful in his advance
unless he was superior In numbers, and this he does not appear
to be. if he did not know the strength of the Boers before
hand, he has given still another instance In this remarkable
campaign of the error of going into action without thorough
reconnoissance, or in other ways obtaining accurate Informa
tion as to the enemy's strength and position. It would seem
that the experience of White at Nicholson? Nek and Gatacre
near Stormberg Junction would have proved of value. Whether
he can hold his own is a question. He has a single line of
railway behind him. He is about fifty miles north of Orange
River and 130 miles from De Aar Junction.
"To be cut off from his communications would be much
more serious for him than it was for General White at Lady
Boers. The classical method of storm
ing an intrenched position is first to
bombard heavily and Just before the as
sault pour in a perfect storm of shells.
Then inm»Hilat^U the Infantry go i >r
ward. In -the ca#e of Magersfontein, the
Boers were given a night to recover Ircm
the shock and demoralization whlcn the
terrific artillery bombardment must
have caused.
M> anwhllc no word of an advance in
th.- !• from General Boiler, out
Hunander in chief appears t
doing a icreal <l^al of sroutlnjr. He In
to know all about the I
•;.rts.
BRITISH TROOPS
DRIVEN BACK BY
THE "LONG TOM"
[Special Cable to th» New York H>rald. Copy
right. ISW. by Janif.- Gordon Dennett. He
publication of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved In the United States and
Ortat Britain. ]
LONDON. Dec. The Daily Telegraph
publishes this dispatch from its special
correspondent:
ARI'NDEL. Cape Colony. Tuesday. Dec.
12.— With two expeditions, one to seize
Vaal (Cop, the scene of yesterday's affair,
and the other to punish Lieutenant Collls*
assistants, matters have been pretty brisk
for this column. The latter force, which
was under command of Major Sprot of
the Sixth Dragoon Guards and Carbineers,
comprised the Innisktllen Dragoons, the
Carbineers* section of the Royal Horse ■
Artillery, with mounted infantry as an J
smith. It Is possible that Methuen's force ha.« t.) drpond for
Us supplies upon railway transj>ort«ti> n from the wroth. !!.■
rapoitl thai h.- is liurciicluiiK. but lhat would sf-em to be ■
risky thing for him to do unless his eommuoJ
• d.
"Troops are Iteadily arriving from England, and it m;iy l.»
that the lino of raHn.ml in his r.-.ir is well protected, and that
reinforcement* are on the way. if racta be not th<'
would ■eera to ho p.irt of prudence t<. tail back. Th(
eat Hriush force ia that of General French's, near Naauw
poort, about US mllee to the southeast by rail, via D
and Gatacre is about UO miles still farther to the •
"To effect a junction of these force* would mean a !onj?
step bnckwjird for Ifethven, or a nrnv.- t,, the W«S( •
acre, thus uncovering the railroad from Btormberg Junction
back, and leaving Northern Cape polony in ; ..f the
"The British have already lost much prestige, and a decided
retrograde movement would have a bad morale effect With
th* forces under the command of Ifethuen, X- i Gat
a. re at present, any forward movrmrnt Seemi out of the
question, and they win do well to bold their own.
"Kverythtag seems now to depend upon what Buller can do
■1. Contrury of wiiat was thought at the beginning of
the campaign, the larger part of the British force* with the
< omman.l.r-iiw!. m in Xat^. and the faci that foreign
"»} «} :»"■• • ti> arrived hay B on.> to Durban have
still furtner Indicated that Natal Is the country when th*
principal operations of the campaign arc expected to tak.
escort. They were ordered to shell a
farmhouse tlve. miles cast of the enemy's
position, which was occupied by the
Boers, who had frequently fired . on our
TWtrols from It. Not ninjniiCrTy^lo UrTn^
on a general engagement, however, was to
be risked.
The force proceeded within two miles of
the farm. The artillery, escorted by a
troop of carbineers, went forward and
shelled the building. After shelling for
some time the carbineers surrounded the
house and found the body of Sergeant
Freeman Inside. They were about to
make prisoners of nine Boers there when
from the Boer main position the "long
Tom" opened fire, necessitating retire
ment. Our troops withdrew steadily un
der a heavy shell lire, the carbineers
sticking closely to their guns.
The V.ia! Kop expedition found that the
Boer poMt!..n had been evacuated and the
laaKrr destroyed by rasterday*s hlhlHiik.
BOERS MASK
BATTERY FOR
THE INFANTRY
[Special Cable to th* New York Herald. Copy
right, is:-*, by James Gordon Bennett. Re
publtratlon of this dlsj«atch Ik prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United States and
Great Britain.]
LONDON, Dec. 15.— A special corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph sends
this dispatch:
CHIEVKLEY CAMP, via Frer*. Tues
day, Dec. 12.— 1t is always the unexpected
that happens. The Boers have not fired
a shot to-day, but have kept a dead sl-
Ifnr. along their strong lines on the hills
north of the Tugela River. Including
OroMers Kloof. Wo rouM lee h^ :
men riding about and wagons
breaking over the hills to thHr camps.
Yet the Boers murt and dearly did see
our fore™. An attempt wns m?>'
'■raw them by sending men close to the
river, l.ut it fail-d.
Kvid. ntly the enemy desires to mask
their battery until our infantry begtril to
move. Firing still rtmtlnitss from I!ul
wana against l^adysinith.
DETAILS OF THE
FEARFUL BATTLE
AT MAGERSFONTEIN
MODDER RIVER. Tuesday. Dec. 12.—
Details gathered here by a representative
of the Associated Press among the wound
ed British and Boers gave Rome Idea ■•'
the' desperate nature of the light at
Magersfontein. The Highlanders did ail
that the most gallant troops in the world
could do. but it was impossible to face
the terrible fire of the Boers. The Brltirh
artillery again saved the situation and di
vided the honors of the day with the
Scots. The batteries worked for hours
under a galling rifle fire.
■ rdinß to the Boer storir-?. it was im
possible f,,r the ln;rj;hcrs to h;r
fearful loss. Ono Hoor prisoner I
sinple lyil<!ite shell killed or woumh-.i over
neventy and that two other sh. Us burst
over two bodies of Hopts f.sronis<ii behind
the ranpe, doing fearful damage. All
Disastrous Battles at
Magersfontein and
at Stormberg Have
Cost Great Britain's
Invading Forces Al
most a Thousand
Men— Here is the
Startling Record:
LONDON. Dec. 14.— A revised list of the total casualties to the
British troops at Magersfontein places the number at 832. There
were fifteen officers killed and four wounded and in addition flva
are missing, and one is known to have been made prisoner. The War
Office has received a message stating there were 650 casualties among
the non-commissioned officers and men of the Highland Brigade at Ma
gersfontein. The brigade lost ten officers killed, thirty-eight wounded
and four missing.
The following list of officers killed and woundedhas been received:
KILLED.
Highland Brigade —
General Wauchope. Lieutenant Colonel J. H. C. Coode, Captain Elton,
Lieutenant Edmonds, Captain J. R. Clark, Lieutenant Cox, Captain
Cowans, Captain Laxnberton, Lieutenant Colonel Goff, Major Robinson,
Captain Wingate, Lieutenant Cowie.
WOUNDED.
Colonel Kelham. Captain Berkeley. Major Duff, Captain Fether
stonbaugh. Captain Noyes, Captain Wolfe-Murray, Captain Richard
son, Captain Campbell, Captain Gordon. Captain McNab, Lieutenant
the Hon. W. C. Baillie, Lieutenant Scott and Lieutenant Waterhouse.
Many of the above mentioned officers are dangerously wounded.
The following officers mostly sustained unsevere injuries: Lieutenant
Wauchope, Major Cuthberson, Captain Cameron, Lieutenant St. J. Har
vey, Lieutenant Berthon and Lieutenant Tait, who waa formerly the
amateur golf champion.
MISSING.
Captain the Hon. Cumming-Bruce. Captain McFarlane and Lieu
tenant Ramsey. The Marquis of Winchester of the Coldstream Guards
was killed; Captain J. Sterling, Lieutenant Codrington and Major the
Hon. W. B. Lambton of the same brigade, were wounded, and of the
rank and file six were killed and forty-six wounded.
Twelfth Lancashires — One killed, eighteen wounded.
Ninth Lancers — One killed, nine wounded.
Second Seaforths — Missing: Major K. R. Mackenzie and Captain
Brodie. field artillery; twenty-one wounded, surgeon major was taken
prisoner.
Mounted Infantry — Killed: Major Milton and Major Ray.
GENERAL GfITfICRE'S LOSSES.
The War Office has received from General Oatacre the following
list of casualties furnished by a correspondent who was permitted to
visit the Boer camp with the chaplains and is believed to be reliable:
Second Royal Irish — Ten killed, thirty-two wounded.
First East Lancashires — One wounded.
Second Northumberlands — Twelve killed, twenty-seven wounded.
All the above wounded are prisoners.
agree that the Boers fought throughout
with the utmost gallantry. Their sharp
shooters seldom missed the mark.
A Seaforth Highlander says that while
ho was lying wounded on the field he saw
a Boer of typical German appearance,
faultlessly dressed, with polished top
boots, ■ shirt with silk ruffles and ■ cigar
in his mouth, walking among the ant
hills picking off the British. He was quite,
alone and it was apparent from the fre
quent use he made of Held glasses that he
was singling out officers.
Another wounded Boer sny» that a lyd
rilte shell Bred "n Sunday fell in the mid
dle of an open prayer meeting hdd U> of«
fer supplications for the B>>**r arms.
All the \\<i!in<l*-<l .ire full of praise of the
•nnt they received from tn»* nn
department on the buttlencld.
While the Guards were advancing on the
plain which the BOCCT wan sliellint: frum
the adjoining rl<lp»>s they SBCOVBtercd and
cut up a .strong l?«>vr picket p«.st.<l on a
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
hill for the purpose of observations. All
th* members of the picket were either
killed, wounded or taken prisoners.
LORD BERESFORD TALKS.
LONDON. Dec. U.-Speaklng at a
Unionist meeting In Hackney. London.
this evening. Rear Admiral Lord Charted
Beresford said that he long ago told the.
Secretary of State for War. Lord Lans
downe. that the Government was not
sending enough troops to the Transvaal.
"Large reinforcements to all our auxil
iaries for fighting." he continued. mint
be dispatched Immediately, . in .l more
ships must be placed In commission n
order that Great Britain may be prepared
for eventualities. The Boers are a mo
bile force and they have heavy, modern
artillery. We need more nulck-firlnr
guns.
"I must say that I have never thought
that we are sending out enough men.
When once it was known that we had to
send an army corps I told Lord Lan«
downe—as far back as November 2— that
he would not be sending enough. In ma
fire department, when it Is thought that
four engines are needed to cope with a
conflagration. it Is a wise plan to a<nd
eight. The War Office should have meted
on the same principle.
"This war Is otic of the blggent upon
which we have ever embarked, owing m
the surrounding political circumstances
and If necessary every mothers sea
of us must go to the front. British ptu-k
and money will win and then, with equal
rights for all. the Brtltsh flag- muit Cy
over the whole of South Africa."
NEUTRALITY OF GERMANY.
BERLIN. Dec. 14.— 1n the Relchsta* to
day, referring to the Transvaal situa
tion. Herr Rlchter said: "While the sym
pathies of Germany are with the Boers,
the Government must remain and t« re
maining neutral. That Is a great progr*wa
compared with the telegram of some
years ago. The war has r>rov«d that
Oreat Britain's sea power has been much,
overrated and that nothing rould b« ac
complished with It. Germany will not
again become an anvil, but neither m r*
her business to he a hammer."
The estimates were eventually referred
to the, budget comtnlttre. The Hous* will
reassemble January 9. 1900.
»
LOYAL FARMERS ARMED.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— Lord Methuen's
check, following General Gatacre's re
pulse. »ay» the Cape Town correspondent
of the Dally (few*, has made a most de
pressing effect upon the loyalists, who aro
by no means a growing body. They are
filled with dark forebodings. Dutch dis
affection is rapidly growing. A large sec
tion Is restless and would need but llttl*
persuasion to Join the Boers. There are
disturbing reports from the eastern dis
tricts of Cape Colony, where many secret
meetings have been held. The Imperial
authorities are arming the loyal farmers
in the Stetterhelm and Kenroad districts.
SKIRMISH NEAR COLENSO.
LONDON. D«e 14.-A dispatch from
Frere Camp, umler dati ol I>eremher 12.
says there was a slight skirmish Monday
near Oolenso brl<lge bo-tween a company
of Bethune's mounted Infantry, under
Captain Ersklne. and about 300 Boers.
Captain Ersklne's men were escorting
some engineers who were " > » w 'ng2
KILLED AT MAGERSFONTEIN.
I commander and ad"; in( if tho ■sooad Hlack Watch, Bcventy-thtrd
Wghi In Monday s battle.
sketches, when they were fired on by the
Hocrs can of the brldg**. The British dis
mounted, formed in skirmishing order and
drove the Uocrs back over the bridge.
There were do casualties on the Rrltlsh
ii'lr. though a bulk-t passed through one
trooiH-r's hat.
MOBILIZING TROOPS.
War Office this
g made announce
ment
"The Sixth Division has been mobilised
and four battalions of this division will
have been embarked' by Sundry. The
Government has also approved of the 1m
WAS NO MUSIC
AT THE BANQUET
Labor Federation and
Non-Union Band.
Ppe.-Jal Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT. D?c. 14.— The annual banquet
cf the American Federation of Labor, held
In the GrltiwoM House to-nlgbt. lacked the
Usual accompaniment of orchestral music
The reason was that the orchestra pro
vldf-d for the dinner was disci. vfr«*d to be
non-union. The latter fact was duly re
ported In to-day's convention, along with
a rtbolutlon declining the invitation to the
banquet tendered by the local committee.
l>»»s>plte assertions of the Detroit men
thai it was the best they could do undt r
the circumstances, the difficulty would
not down until It was announced that the
reuMc would be left out of the programme.
Nearly all cf to-day's pestloii was taken
up with discussion and action upon reso
lutions.
lit solutions were adopted this afternoon
to aid in tha introduction :m4 recognition
of the stamp of the Coopers' Union; ask
ing bolltrmakers. shipbuilders and horse
ehocrs to refrain from working upon the
jiroOuct of a Troy, N. V., iron company
un account of the company having refused
to treat with the Coopers' Union; boycot
ting a Chicago terra cotta making concern
ixKMUse it Joined a brlckmakers alliance
md refused to recognize the union; re
volving that the federation, thruugh Its
effloeru and orpanlnTs. give spt?cial aid to
the tobacco workers in pushing a boycott
against all brands of tobacco made by
both the American and Continental To
bacco companies: rclndorsir.g the tobacco
workers' blue label; requesting all nfllll
ate«l labor unit ns to vigorously apuist ln
r^hlng the tobacco boycott, ajid request
ing every union member to demand- the
blue label upon all tobacco or cigarettes
lie may purchase.
Vice President O'Connell took the stnfre
during the afternoon to prefer "serious
charter" again" the three foreign frater
nal «i< legates, their punishments provided
to consist of a gold union-made watch to
!trlti*h I.viepate Haslam. an engraved
pold-headed walking stick for his col
lfapup. Pc!»-*rute Wilkle. with ft brooch for
Wrp. Wilkle. nr.d a diamond ring for Can
adian Dckfotp Carey.
MURDER THEORY IS
NOT CORROBORATED
Chief of Police of Sacramento Con
vinced That Carlo Parenti
Committed Suicide.
BACRAMENTO. Dec 14.— Little stock Is
taken here In the attempt to Invest the
death of Carlo Parenti. a Journeyman
tailor, with the mystery of a deeply
plottr-<l murder. Chief of Police Ash Bald
thlß afternoon that a d«*t*rtlve had work
•<* on the caso for four or live days and
that as a result of thi* lnvepttgat'lon j.«
ha 6 become batlsflod that Parenti com
rr.lttU'd BUlcldo. as was at first supposed.
PlMrlct Attorn* y Haker. who also had a
man working on the cn.«e in the person of
County Detective Golden, said to-day that
c-ven bhnuld the Sun Francisco chemist
report the presence of poison in the dead
man - Ktomai h. he does not know at this
tlm* 4 of a Kindle fact which would justify
Ms brlnping prosecution agalnrt any one
The District Attorm-v says that he has
been Informed that Parenti had asked a
friend to writ« cut th- word Ptrychnine in
KnßllFh for him. while Chl«f of Police
Afh says h<» has learned that Parenti hud
Inquire at various drinking places con
cerr.lne the rffects of different poisons.
The motive aligned for pulclde is the
fact that Panntl'ii mistress deserted him
».ome days before his death.
EXPORTATION 1)F GOLD
IS LOOKED FOR SHORTLY
Burling Bankers Say That Money
Will Not Rule High Enough at
the Centers to Prevent.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— The Evening
Fo*t eayi: It was reported In Wall
street this afternoon that the City
Hank would Bhlp sold to .London by
this week's steamer. Officers of the bank,
when asked regarding the truth of the
report, refused to either confirm or <Jony
It. Sterling bankers familiar with' the
sold market here and In Ixmdon said that
in any case announcement of gold engage
ments for I^ondon might be looked for
»Hhln twenty-four hours.
Predictions of gold exports were made
In Wall Ptrex»t soon after the market
opened thin morning. Demand bills were
then quoted at « 87\ to 4 R*?». and sterling
bankers were doing a rushing business.
One of the most conservative foreign ex
change houses admitted that the export
point '■a* been practically reached.
News of Secretary Gage's order to an
ticipate the January Interests, with re
ported receipts of Interior money.
strengthened the feeling that gold would
If-ave the country In a few days, since
money would probably not rule high
enough at this center to prevent a move
ment-
NOT SUBJECT TO COPYRIGHT.
R Der. 14. -Judge Hallett in th«
I'nlted Btatea Circuit Court rend^rd a
<2ect*ion in the caw nf the Detroit Photo,
graphing Company Kgalnßt Frank 8.
th« • fT---t that photographi of
natural «c<
r thr artift'n originality .-:
rlrht.
'•s to all phototrmpha of Rocky
Mourtaiti i
On account of the time neces
sary In the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to he issued Sunday,
D-cember 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
:e mobilization of the Seventh DJvl-
I ■
CHURCHILL ESCAPES.
LOITRENZO MAHyIKS. Dolagoa Buy,
< -Winston Churchill, the news
-pendent and former offi
who was ( sptured at
the time if the armored train disaster
near Est uiirt, November 16. has cc
from Pretoria.
DESTROYED T^E BRIDGE.
LONDON, rvc. 14- A special dlppntch
■ D. Natal
Monds) I■• .-. ml.tr 11. say.- that Th. I
-:;irn>..n had made ;i s<<nit> and de
<l the Modtlersprult bridge
MAY OUST THE
LAND BARONS
Surveys Being Made in
Orange County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ANA. Dec. 14.-Interest in the
matter of contesting the title to the ex
: elusive land grants in Orange County that
! has lain dormant since the famous deci
sion of Chief Justice Field in the Las
lioiFas Land Company's ca*e August 12th.
'en year* ago. has again been aroused by
1 recent decisions handed down by the
in five land grant cases, the land claimed
nve land grant cases, the land claimed be
beln* situated In Pima. Santa Crux and
Cochlse counties. Arlrona.
The amount of lands claimed in the ag
gregate was 603.000 acres; area allowed by
the court in the aggregate. 57.009 acres
total amount saved to the settlers and the
Government 552.000 acres. Most of this
land rejected is most desirable for agri
cultural purposes, while other areas In
clude some of the richest mineral fields In
Arizona, in which are located mines upon
which hundreds of thousands of dollars
were cte,H ended, i he titles to Vhl™
E.VTh lOU 'V dby thes- land claimants. To
further raise the hopes or those interest
ed v seeing the land barons ousted a
1 1 * iki cn * flne «' r » '• now on the ground
c* enslbly making a Government geolosi
bm hiM Yer H Of , land ?l n neighborhood,
rf th c * d i ln r * allty l <> be running lines
or.g^ai a S ur Uln grant «*»«"« to the
2i™Jol be «" ; 11 l ed that when this »"rvey Is
'«$? leted the report rlllr 111 be made the
t-'BHls of Immediate action by the land
claims court ln determining the exact
boundaries of those big land grants In
Orange County. A large portion of the
fh^ 1 ftart of this county ts covered by
these grants. Including the Las Bolsas.
Sun Joaquln. Lomas de Santiago. Santa
Basra iacsw- Mtm °^-
♦-
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF PACIFIC COAST
Committee Assignments of the Va
rious Representatives in
Congress.
WASHINGTON. D C. Dec. -The
Senate Committee appointed by the Re
publican caucus to make assignments on
committees for Republican Senators
made public their report to-night. Sena
tor Perkins was offered an assignment to
the Committee on the Philippine Islands
but stated that he could not accept as
he has promised his support to Senator
Mclirlde of Oregon, who was made a
member of the same committee. How
ever, it Insisted that Mr. Perkins become
a member of the Coast and Insular Sur
vey, which committee was established at
his suggestion. He retains his places on
the Appropriations. Naval Affairs. Edu
cation and chairman of Fisheries and was
made a member of the Pacific Islands and
Porto Rica
Papers on the Stockton Postofflce build
ing have been teal from the Department
of Justice to the Supervising Architect
of the Treasury and a check will be for
warded to California Inside of ten days
The plans will be immediately drawn.
Representative De Vries was assured by
the department to-day that work on the
building would be rushed and completed
as soon as possible.
S. E. Kibble was to-day appointed Post
master at Challenge, Yuba County, vlc«
K. B. Sparks, deceased. W. J. Elliott was
appointed at Poplar, Tulare County, vice
G. B. Moore, removed.
Senator Perkins to-day Introduced the
following bills: Providing for the pur
chase of metal and the coinage of $200,000
of minor coins and the distribution and
redemption of the same— the director of
the Mint at San Francisco has written
Senator Perkint" saying this can be done
with very little expense and will give Mil
ployment to a large number of citizens
in San Francisco and other places where
there are United States Mints; providing
for appointment of apprentices In United
States mints; to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to permit the use and
right of way on or through public lands
reserved for preservation of timber; in
creasing pay of criers and bailiffs of
United States Circuit and District Courts
from $2 to (4 per diem.
Representative Met calf to-day Intro
duced the following bills: To pay Arthur
L. Fish 18336, amount due him for work In
deepening harbor at Wilmington. Cal.;
for the relief of Robert W. Dun^ar,
Charles H. Chamberlain. William R.
Wheaton and J. W. Leigh, all of Cali
fornia; fixing limes when, regulating the
manner In which, and declaring the char
acter of accounts between United States
and several public land States relative to
the net proceeds of the sales and other
deposition of public lands made and to
be made therein by the United States
which shall hereafter be stated and cer
tified to tho Treasury Department lor
payment.
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
Poßtofiice for the month of Novel
were J55.473. against JSO.S76 for the Pajne
month of last year, being an Increase of
J4597. The receipts at Los Angeles wne
mMB. against $18,499, showing an Increase
of $.f>>".
Newton B. and Fred J. Kinley have
been appointed stampers In the postoftice
at Santa Rosa. S. Higgonbottom, Albert
O. Bowea mil W. B. Larimer have been
appointed substitute clerks in the txivt
ofilre at Seattle. -^
Pensions. California: Restorations —
Romola A Deelwardo. Santa Rosa $1"
Restoration and Increase— William A
Witt. . dead. Los Anpt-lfK, $10 to $12 i-,l
crease— Edmund F. Woodward, Sacra
mento. S6 to $12. Original widows etc —
Annie M. Fraley La Crescenta, $8;Ur*l».
Wit!.-, Los Angeles. *S. ' "Mle
Oregon: Mexican War survivor in
crease—Robert Montgomery. Wlmer $3 to
$12 ' * °
.Washington: Original— Patrick Carney
Black Diamond, $6 Increase— Haller Phi
pany. Soldiers' Home. Pierce, it to $12.
lo Cure a Coid in One Day
Take Laxative Brnmo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
£, W. Grove's signature Is as each box. fte.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15. 1899.
MASONS HONOR THE MEMORY OF
BROTHER GEORGE WASHINGTON
Members of tlie Craft of All Degrees Gather at
the Mount Vernon Tomb and Dulu Ob
serve the Centennial of the Death
of the Father of His Country.
RED MEN ALSO PAY HOMAGE
WASHINGTON, ■ Dec 14.-Wlth
solemn pomp and circumstance,
with ceremonies beautiful. Im
pressive and appropriate, In the
presence of a distinguished as
semblage and in the full splendor of ideal
autumn weather, the centennial of the
death of George Washington was com
memorated to-day at Mount Vernon. That
Mount Vernon should have been selected
as the scene of the exercises was pecu
liarly fitting. There It was that the hap
piest Incidents of Washington's life oc
curred. In other parts he endured his
trials, on other fields 'he won his
triumphs; but there, surrounded by those
whom best he loved, were spent the rest
ful, quiet, studious hours of his life. There
It was. too, that he sickened and died,
and there all that was mortal of him
was laid to eternal rest in a mausoleum
ovarlooldn% a broad sweep of the pic
turesque Potomac.
To-day's ceremonies were elaborately
planned and successfully carried to
fruition. They were conducted by the
Masonic bodies and by the Red Men of
the United States. The movement for the
day's observance originated in 1593 with
the Grand Lodge of Masons of the State
Of Colorado, the proposition being made
by Most Worshipful William D. Wright,
grand master of Colorado, who was pres
ent to witness the carrying into effect of j
his long-cherished Idea. Charge of the
ceremonies incident to to-day's commem- ■
oration was placed in the hands of the
Masons of Virginia, it being in the Old
Dominion that Washington was obligated
as a Master Mason and there that he par
ticipated enthusiastically In Masonic
work and observances. The officers of
the Grand Lodge of Virginia and the
membership of Kredericksburg Lodge, in
which Washington was made a Mason,
and of Washington-Alexandria Lodge,
over which he presided as worshipful
master, had the chief part in the duty of
t-o'-liiK that to-day's observance* were ap
propriate.
That the duty was well performed wag
evidenced by the solemnity and beauty of
the ceremonies and by the Immense con
course of Masons present. Thousands
were In attendance from all parts of the
country and aim. every jurisdiction in
the United States and a few foreign coun
tries were represented by some of the
grand otlicers and members. The visiting
members, many accompanied by the
ladies of their families, congregated in
Washington early to-day, and escorted by
the Masonic bodies of the District of Co
lumbia, headed by the Grand Lodge of
the District, made the pilgrimage to :
Mount Vernon to-day by boat. The Vir- !
ginia Masons assembled at Alexandria j
and thence escorted by Fredeiicksburg '
Lodge and Washington-Alexandria Lodge
as bodies proceeded to Mount Vernon also
by boat. .". . • t? -;•
At 10 o'clock President McKinley. him
self an enthusiastic Mason, accompanied
by Secretary of State Hay, Secretary of
the Treasury Gage. Secretary of the Navy
Long. Secretary of the Interior Hitch
cock. Secretary of Agriculture Wilson and
Postmaster General Smith, Assistant
Secretary of the Navy Allen, Major Gen
eral Miles. Adjutant General Corbln. Sec
retary Porter. Assistant Secretary Con. I
you. Major John A. Johnson and Senator
W. A. Clark of Vermont, past errand mas
ter of his State, left Washington on a |
special electric train for Mount Vernon,
arriving there at 11 o'clock. The Presi
dential party was greeted by Grand
Master Duke of Virginia, and by him as*
corted to the mansion.
It was nearly an hour and a half after
ward before all of the steamers bearing
the Masonic bodies arrived.
After the President and his Cabinet had
reviewed them from a. platform on the
east front of the mansion a procession
was formed and moved, as on the day of
General Washington's funeral, December
18, 1799, to the old vault, where the re
mains were llrst deposited. There, In the
Immediate presence of the grand officers
of the various States and the assembled
Masons, solemn funeral rites were con
ducted.
A solemn dirge by the Third Cavalry-
Band whs followed by the Invocation, pro
nounced by the Right Rev. A. M. Ran
dolph, Bishop of the Southern Episcopal
diocese of Virginia. After music by an
octette of the Grand Lodge of the Dis
trict of Columbia Orand Master A. A.
Burnand of Colorado delivered an ora
tion on the life and work of Washington,
laying particular stress upon his Masonic
life and accomplishments.
The procession re-formed and moved
then to the tomb where the remains of
Washington and those of his family He
now. The tomb was magnificently deco
rated with flags and festoons of ever
greens and flowers. Here the beautiful
and Impressive Masonic services were
conducted. The grand masters of the
thirteen original States formed In line.
facing the representatives of tho other
jurisdictions, the Grand Lodge of Vir
ginia and visiting brethren standing in a
semi-circle, facing the entrance to the
tomb, with Joined hands. Prayer was of
fered by the Rev. G. H. Ray. D.D., grand
chaplain of the Grand Lodge of Virginia.
Then 'he grand master of Virginia
called upon each of the jurisdictions of
the thirteen original States, the Jurisdic
tions of the Western States and those of
Canada. Belgium and Nova Scotia for
messages and tributes sent by them, and
all responded.
Then the grand master of the District
of Columbia deposited within the tomb
the lambskin apron as a token of Inno
cence; the grand master of Missouri de
posited the white glove as a token |of
friendship, and the grand master of Cali
fornia deposited the evergreen as an em
blem of the Masonic faith In the resur
rection of the body and the Immortality
of the soul.
At the conclusion of the ceremony the
following response! were made:
The craft— "Amen." -
All the grand masters— "O death, where
Is thy sting?"
The craft— "O grave, where Is thy vic
tory?"
Scores of beautiful wreaths and bunches
of evergreens were then deposited within
the tomb, one of the most beautiful
tokens. an. immense wreath of Ivy, im
mortelles and acacia blossoms being of
fered by President McKinley.
The procession returned to 'the cast
front of the mansion, where .President
McKinley. Introduced by Grand Master
Duke, delivered the following oration as
his tribute to Washington:
We have Just participated In a service com
memorative of the one hundredth anniversary
of the death of George Washington. At his old
home, which he loved so well* and which the
patriotic women of the country have guarded
with loving hands, exercises are conducted un
der the auspices of the great fraternity of Ma
sons, which a century axo planned and executed
the solemn ceremonial which attended th*
Father of his Country, to his tomb. The lodge
In which he was initiated, and the one over
which he afterward presided a» worshipful mas
ter, accorded positions of honor at his obse
quies, are to-day represented here in token of
profound respect to the memory of their moat
Illustrious member and beloved brother.
Masons throughout the United States testify
anew their reverence for the name of Washing
ton and the Inspiring example of his Ufa.- Dig.
tinguished representatives ■ are here from all
grand lodges of the country to render ceremo
nies as dignified and impressive as possible,
and most cordial greetings ■ have, come from j
across our border* and from beyond the sea.
Net alone In this country but throughout the
world hay* Masons taken especial Interest In i
the observance of this centennial- anniversary. |
The fraternity lastly claims the immortal pa
triot as on* of Its members; i!m whole fcumaa j
Special Dispatch to The Call.
family acknowledges him as one of Its great
est benefactors. Public bodies, patriotic socie
ties and other organizations, our citizens every
where, have esteemed It a privilege to-day to
pay their tribute to his memory and. to the
uplendor of his achievements In the advance
ment of Justice and liberty among men. His
fair name, secure In Its Immortality, shall shine
through countless ages with undlmlnlshed lus
ter.
The struggling republic for which Washing
ton was willing to give his life, and for which
he ever freely spent his fortune, and which at
all times was the object of his most earnest
solicitude, has steadily and wonderfully devel
oped along the lines which his sagacity and
foresight carefully planned. It has stood every
trial, and at the dawn or a new century Is
stronger than ever to carry forward Its mission
of liberty. During all the Intervening years It
has been true, forever true, to the precepts of
the constitution which he and his illustrious
colleagues framed for Its guidance and govern
ment. He was the national architect, says.
Bancroft, the historian, and out for him the
nation could not have achieved Its Independ
ence could not have formed Its union, could
not have put the Federal Government Into
operation.
He had neither precedent nor predecessor.
His work was original and constructive and
lias .uec«isful]y stood the severest tests.
He selected the site for the capital of the
republic he founded and gave It the name of
•he Federal city, but the commission substi
tuted the name of Washington as the more
nttlnß and to be a perpetual recognition of the
service of the commander In chief of the Conti
nental army, the president of the convention
which framed the constitution and the first
President of the republic. More than 70.000.n00
«f People acknowledge allegiance to the flag
which he made triumphant The nation Is his
best euloclst and his noblest monument.
I have been deeply Interested and touched by
the sentiments of his contemporaries uttered
a hundred years ago on the occasion of his
death.
The President at this point quoted eulo
gies of Washington delivered one hun
dred years ago by Rev. Walter King at
Norwich. Conn., by Rev. Nathan Strong
at Hartford. Conn., and by John Adams
In an address to the Senate, and said In
conclusion:
The nation needs at this moment the help
of his wise example. In dealing with our vast
responsibilities we turn to him. We Invoke the
counsel of his life and character and courage,
ii * urnm °n ''Is prwepts th.it we may keep
nis pledges to maintain Justice and law. educa
tion and morality and civil an.i religious lib
erty in every part of the country, the new as
well as the old.
The President was Interrupted fre
quently by applause, and at the close of
nls oration he was cheered heartily.
The exercises at the mansion were con
cluded with a benediction pronounced by
Brother Ed N. Callsch. rabbi of Beth
Ahaba Synagogue of Richmond. Va.
At 3 o'clock a delegation of the Im
proved Order of Red Men, In charge of
,  ■ -eat Incohonee, Hon. George Green.
0/ UlnKhamton. N. V.. and Hon. Charles
H. L;thman of ltarblehead, Mass., ar
rived at Mount Vermin to pay the tribute
of 220 00 Red Men to the memory of
Washington. He was one of the founders
?/ ii h >'. " Sons » of Liberty." to which the
Red Men trace back their origin through
varying names. The i lied to officiate at
the tomb were selected by Great Incoho
nee Green, who appointed as master of
ceremonies Hon. Urban H. Hester of
Ohio, past grand sachem.
After Chief Hester had read the call for
the observance of the day and the great
prophet. Robert T. Daniels, had Invoked
i h i? Great Spirit. Acting Great Incohonee
Lltchman pronounced the oration upon
Washington. It was an inspiring tribute,
exquisite In thought and diction and quite
worthy of its great subject.
r««?J*' a r.if i OWe i!- by the great chief of
records, Charles H. Conley, with a beau
tltul message of the Red Men of the
world. In conclusion he deposited within
the tomb a handsome silk flag on a stand
ard to which was attached four ribbons
of the colors of the order— green, orange,
blue and scarlet— respectively inscribed:
•I'm Oeoire Washington-ISO!?. Decem
ber 14. 1899. Great Council United States.
Improved Order of Red Men."
The great wreath of Ivy and red Immor
telles was then deposited within the tomb,
as a "tit emblem In our belief In that im
mortality of the soul which rises superior
to all the ills of life, and through the*
bright blessings of hope gives us promise
of eternal Joy."
To-night the order supplemented their
Mount Vernon ceremonies with elaborate
exercises at Convention Hall, where pat
riotic music by the Marine Band. songs
and addresses formed features of an In
teresting programme.
Great Incohonee George Green of New
York presided and speeches were made by
Past Great Incohonee Charles H. Lltch
man of Massachusetts and Great Prophet
Robert T. Daniel of Georgia.
Senator Chauncey M. Depew wan the
orator of the evening and was given a
hearty reception as he was Introduced by
the presiding officer as "the greatest ora
tor of his kind."
In concluding Senator Depew said:
In the finders of time monuments and reputa
tions decajf and crumble. Statesmen, soldier*,
authors and orators till the stage for a period
and gradually drop nut of sight and memory.
A few worthies of the eighteenth century. live
In the admiration or affection of their own
countries. Of them all only Washington Is In
the thought and reverence of the whole world.
The resistless harvester In his annual rounds
shoulders the scythe as he passes before this
beneficent Intelligence and pure fame, salutes
and marches on. We. his countrymen, after
a century, whose searchlight has revealed the
vices and weaknesses of our heroes and made
our Ideals common clay, find no flaw In his
public or private life, no sentence In the many
volumes of his utterances which we would blot
out. The orator who stands In my place In the
coming centuries to recount the marvelous story
of the great republic, to recall Its architects
and builders, will find the wisdom and example
for Its guidance and growth In the achieve
ments, character and life of George Washing
ton.
Rev. Henry N. Couden, Chaplain of the
House of Representatives, pronounced the
benediction.
To-night the George Washington Mem
orial Association hem commemorative ser
vices at the Lafayette Square Theater
and the Association of Oldest Inhabitants
ot the District of Columbia also paid tri
bute to Washington's memory.
MINUTE GUNS FIRED
DURING THE SERVICE,
NEW TORK, Dec. 14.— 1n commemora
tion of the 100 th anniversary of the death
of General George Washlnp^on services ■
were held In churches and schools and by j
6everal patriotic societies of this city to- i
day. The memorial services at noon In Bt. '
Paul's Chapel were held by the Sons of j
tho Revolution and the Society of Clncin- |
natl. It was In St. Paul's that Washing- j
ton worshiped while the First Congress I
under the constitution was In session In
this city, and the pew which he occupied
Is still preserved, while the services were
In progress minute gunn were flred at
Castle William, on Governors Island.
CELEBRATED BY THE
SONS AND DAUGHTERS
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— George Wash
ington memorial services were held this
afternoon at the Church of the Epiphany
under the auspices of the Society of the
District of Columbia. The church was ,
crowded. The Episcopal form of service ;
was conducted Jointly by the Sons of the !
American Revolution, Colonial Dames, '
Colonial Wars. Sons of the Revolution.
Daughters of the Revolution, Daughters
of the American Revolution and the Soci
ety of the War of 1812. The Binhoo of |
Washington officiated, assisted by the reo
tor of the church and others. Features of
the exercises were a special thanksgiving
commemorative of Washington, the sine
ing of Kipling's "Recessional" and an ad
driss by Assistant Secretary of State
David J. HIM. together with a reading of
an extract from Washington's farewell
address, the service cloning with the
"Dead March" from "Saul."
Assist;.. nt Secretary HIM in his address
said Washington should U- thought of not
M an isolated Individual, hut In his rela
tions as a leader of his people. In the
present colonial emergencies, when this
Government has hroken oppression and
scattered anarchy, and is now confronted
with the disposition of the greatest tru-t
It has ewr had, when 12,000.000 of people
have been swept into our control w«?
should draw lessons from tne magnificent
patriotism and skillful stuu-smaiibhlp of
\\ ashington.
SUITABLE SERVICES
HELD IN DENVER
DENVER. Dec. H.-Washlngton centen
nial memorial exercises were held here
to-day under the auspices of the nine
Masonic lodges of this city. The pro
gramme Included music, the reading of an
account of Washington's last Illness, an
address on the personal character and
public services of Washington and the
reading of portions of Washington's fare
well address. Also an address upon the
Influence of Masonry in bringing about
the Independence of the colonies and the
reading of a letter from the worshipful
master of the lodge In Virginia of which
U(<orge Washington was the first master,
which letter Included an account of
Washington? Masonic life. The pro
gramme concluded with the singing of
America by the entire assemblage.
Exercises were also held in the public
schools.
TRIBUTES PAID
BY FIDELITY LODGE
Fidelity Lodge, Free and Accepted Ma
sons, observed the anniversary of the
death of George Washington last night In
Its lodgeroom In the Masonic Temple. The
service, a memorial one, was for members
of the lodge and order only. There w*re
present about tif), and after the lodge had
•ailed Worshipful Muster M. H.
WasHerwltz delivered a short explanatory
address, after which Judge Carroll
red an eloquent eulogy on Washing
ton from the standpoint of a IfasOO. a
< •itlzen. a soldier and a statesman. He
Was followed by addresses by Hey. Dr.
Jacob Nloto and H»*v I>r. Jacob Voor
sanger. who each drew a magnificent
word pnintlng of the character of the
father of his country.
During the evening there was choice
mußic, vocal and Instrumental. F. Delle
piane. who presided at the organ, ren
dered Chopin's "Funeral March" at the
opening of the service. J. R. Ogilvle. F.
Kinne, J. F. Fleming and J. J. Jones as a
quartet rendered "Bow Down the Ear"
and "Holy Father," an Invocation. "Out
of the Depths," a solo, was sung by Mr.
Fleming, and "The Sword of Bunker
Hill, " a solo, by Mr. Ogilvi©.
LOCAL CELEBRATION
OF THE RED MEN
There wan but one theme at the ce»-«
monlals of the Red Men last night—
George Washington. In speech and In
souk the great moral lessons to be learn
ed from the example of Washington were
set forth In a manner at once patriotic
and forceful.
The ceremony consisted largely of a
tpeclaly prepared ritual that was render
ed by the officers of the local tribes in
regalia. Herman Outstadt «v master
of ceremonies and in a few words Intro
duced Grand Sachem F. B. Brandon, who
referred to the growing extent of the In
fluence of Washington's work, not only
on this country but on the civilized worla.
He said that the true worth of the first
Provident of this republic was never so
fully appreciated as it is at the close of
the century.
Senior SaKnmnro A. 1,. Holden referred
to the great contract lif-twten the new na
tion founded by Washington and the na
tion of to-day. It required years, he sa.d
to convince many good patriots that
Washington's plan of laying the founda
tion of tills republic was the best thit
could be created, but through the last
hundred years the respect of not only thin
nation— his nation— has grown for the
grand work of its founder, but all the
critics of the w>«rld bare admitt«M that
Washington stands without a peer as me
founder of a new nation.
Mlhb Katie Gutstadt recited "Drake's
Address to the Flag" and all the audi
ence Joined In the "Battle Hymn of the
Republic." Others who took "part In the
ritual were Junior Sagamore F. B. Swan.
First Sannap T. R. Roche and Second
Sannap W. R. Bell.
In a powerful address Past Grand Sa
chem B. F. Josselyn reviewed the life and
example of Washington and eulogised
htm as the Ideal patriot, citizen, soldier
and statesman.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED
BY BOHEMIANS OF AMERICA
The following resolutions were adopted
by the Ban Francisco Hospltlum No. 1
of the Bohemians of America at their
meeting last evening commemorative of
the centennial anniversary of the death
of George Washington:
Resolved. That we, BoHßtnlans of America,
assembled urn members of. Hospltlum of San
Francisco No. 1, Join with our fellow American
citizens In honoring this, the 14th day of Decem
ber, 1899, as being the one hundredth year com
memorating the death of the father of our
country— the ever-beloved of Americans—
eral George Washington.
Resolved. That his manhood was and has
always been a grand example of the highest,
truest and noblest American citizenship, true
patriotism, personal virtue and unflinching
valor.
Resolved. That though the Hth day of De
cember, 1799, marked the death of our nrst
President. It has illumined the pages of
American history with the beauties of his life
and character, and has and always will be the
proudest and most previous heritage bequeathed
to a grateful nation, which will treasure his
memory with love, tears and reverence until
time grows old with age. .
#•••••**••••••* •••**$
* Copies of The Call's great J
* Christmas Edition, wrapped, *
* and ready for mailing, can *
* be obtained at all nezvs deal- J
* ers\ or at The Call business *
* office. Please place your or- X
* der at once, as the supply *
J will be limited. ■ *
A Stamford (Eng.) minister practices
law* 4
PLAN TO TUNNEL THE
GIBRALTAR STRAITS
Giaantic Undertaking Advanced
by a Famous French
Engineer.
0 T"-\ARIB. Dec. 15.— A gigantic undertaking: for tunneling the Straits of #
£ I J Gibraltar Is receiving attention now. M. Jean Berller. a famous civil ♦
* \~ engineer, who Is the author of the project, has Just published In book T
*" 1 form the result of his studies In connection with It. He considers that *
— an international tunnel, uniting Spain and Moroceo^and prolonged by — J
ta railway from Tangier* to I>alla Magllnla. would prove Invaluable for the <,
♦ successful development of France's African colonies. J
T From soundings taken by him M. Berller has proved the existence of a < >
1 compact rock formation across the straits, which guarantees solidity and ♦
1 Impermeability. The undertaking, be says, would be no more difficult than J •
<*. the piercing of Mount Censls. St. Gothard. Arlberg or Slmplon. He adds J
♦ that if diplomatic obstacles are not greater than th« natural ones, success 
*?' is certain. ♦
I M. Berller estimates that a tunnel of forty-one kilometres (twenty-five ♦
1 and one-half miles) would cost $123,000,000. and that the work would require o
i i seven years. He calculates that the connection of the lines of the Algerian I
♦ Railway system and extension from Tanglers to Lalla Magllnla would cost 
4> another |l«.0On.0O0 or J19.000.000. so that the whole enterprise would neces- . ►
1 sltgte $242,000,000. T<i offset this expense M. Berller shows that the approml- ♦
♦ mate yearly revenu ■ would be $15,250,000. He already has received the con- T
4- sent of the Span . •; vrnment to the scheme and Is working to obtain 7
♦ the authorization of the Moorish Government to create a tunnel terminus ,
% In Its territory. s ♦
»♦♦♦♦♦»»»> ♦•♦»»♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦ ♦»♦»»♦♦♦>»•♦»♦♦»♦♦♦♦•♦•♦»♦♦♦
CONTEST SURE
IN KENTUCKY
Significant Resolutions
Are Adopted.
Special r>li«ratch to The Call.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Dec. 14.— The Dem
ocratic State Central executive and cam
paign committees met in Joint session
here to-day. Ex-Senator Joseph C. Black
burn presided and said he had been
threatened with defeat for Senator If the
Democratic State officers made a con
test, but he had ridden fourteen
miles In a buggy to tell the committee
that he favored a contest, even If It re
suited in his own defeat, as he would
rather have a Democratic Slate govern
ment than nerve a lifetime in the Senate.
The committee unanimously adopted the
following resolutions and there is no
longer any doubt about the contest com
ing before the Legislature:
Resolved. That we. the members of the Demo
cratic State executive and campaign commit
tees. in joint meeting assembled on the lltli
of December. in Frankfort. Ky., express our
earnest belief that according to th« It-gal votes
cast nt the late State election the candidates
on the State Democratic ticket were elected,
anil that the Democrats quickly demand that
these candidates, in proper legal course, contest
the election of the ReDubltcan candidates to
whom certificates have been Issued.
Hesolved. That It is the unanimous sens* of
the State Central Democratic executive and
campaign committees that William Goebel
should make a contest as authorized by law
for the of flee of Governor, and that J. W.
Hicham should make a contest for the office
of lieutenant Governor, and that we heartily
indorse the contests already commenced by the
other candidates on the Democratic State ticket.
. Resolved. That an appropriate address be Is
sued by the members of the re»"«-<:tlve com
mittees here assembled to the people of Ken
tucky.
Resolved That the chairman of this confer
ence appoint a committee of eight, of which
he shall be chairman, to co-operate with the
contesting candidates and assist In the manage
ment of the several contests.
Death of a Pioneer.
BA*TA CRUZ. Dec. 14.— Geor*« Otto. •
pioneer citizen, died this morning. He was
a native of Germany and 73 years of age.
He was a merchant here fur many y«an
and served two terms as County Treas
urer.
Christmas Tidings
In
Haberdashery.
It is now a week and a half before Christmas, but it is a wise
plan to make your selections now, and then you will have a full
assortment from which to choose.
We have everything that men wear in furnishings, and you
can depend upon everything bought of us.
We offer you a big assortment at low — you can make
your Christmas giving inexpensive.
Smoking jackets, elegant line 15-00, JG.oo, 57.50 and $10.00
Silk webbed suspenders, plain but neat........ i.oo
• Silk and satin embroidered suspenders, very pretty $2.00
Silk suspenders with sterling silver buckles ......52.00 and #2.50
Silk mufflers, plain shades and fancy brocades. 1.00 to $3.00
Silk reefers, worthy gifts — $1.50, $2.00, $3.00
Night robes and pajamas, In muslin, sateen, flannel, flannelette, vari-
ous styles, differently trimmed f 1.00 to 14.00
Hosiery of all kinds „ 25C and 50c a pair
Gloves, big assortment, li.oo, 1.30; Dent's best make $1.85
Dress shirts, all styles and sizes .......Ji.oo, mo
NECKWEAR: We have an elegant line of the most fashion-
able neckwear— English squares, puffs, tecks, club ties, four-in-
hands — an assortment of all colors and combinations. We believe
that we show the finest line of $o-cent ties in San Francisco.
Out-of-town Orders filled; write us for Illustrated Catalogue
No. 2. "
S.N.Wood&Co.
*
718 Market Street.
•♦&♦ «•♦£♦ 88*88 ♦88+88 *88*«8* BJ*S* fi V. • \ • \ ♦ \ ♦ \ ♦ \ ♦ \ ♦ \ ••.••.♦•.••.. #
•: IN THE CHRISTMAS CALL, |
♦ V SUNDAY, DECEMBER 17. «
I CHRISTMASTIDE IN !
I BELEAGUERED PRETORIA!
V By DR. FREDERICK W. D'EVELYN. Whr Was With the British l
\ . Arrrjy During the Famous 104 Day Siege of .*
88 Pretoria by tbe Boers. £
i i^B^«*BB*S^«^BB+»+BB*«*si*B»*BB>Ba>S*Bi*»+Br^ !»♦&•> BS*SB*BS*9*SB-»#
HUNDREDS KILLED
BY TIDAL WAVE
Oriental Coast Towns
Again Devastated.
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
VANCOUVER, B. C. Dec. It— TIM
steamer Empress of India arr ( v*ri to-day
from Yokohama, bringing adv.cts to De
cf-mlur 1.
Terrible tldaJ waves have again he»n
devastating the Oriental coasti In v«n
oui parts and on different dates. Ka'r.ll
tles were the greatest on the Island of
Oram, where some districts wert de
vastated bnd the population n.
obliterated. In the ; f l'anl<>ly
ami Samaevfroe, where there was a
combined population of 1700, all kvt
of these were either drowned by tr
wave or killed by what Is describe
lmrizontal tarthquake preceding the UJal
I
A Nanking dispatch says that tw
tallons of modern arrmd Chinese. •
Klangsl to assist the Governor In putting
down the rioting against the I.
Catholic missionaries. dispersed ar. I
their impedimenta to the hills. It is
thought that they were Kalao Hul s*rr-c
t y men.
It Is reported that between seventy nni
eighty plr.itlral craft Infest the water
ways or Canton. The st<
Kong was robbed of 12000 In cold, seven
teen cases of opium and a large a:
of personal property. Th«> < aptaln ar.l
several officers were wounded. A Uar<!
fiKht took place bet a tea and the
officers of the steamer Yangtse.
pirates were killed, two drowned wh..
trying to escape and the others were cap
tured. Two of the steamer* crew were
killed.
Improvements in VLsalla.
VISAI.IA. I>*o iv— At a meeting of th<»
City CoMnoll last night Alona MelYlll*
I>r.ty offered to number the houses In the
city of Vlsalia free of charge, provided
the Council declare said numbering to b*i
ofllclal The proposition was adop'
* unanimous vote. This move is regards
as the first step toward free delivery of
mails in Vlsalia.STATE AND CITY INTERESTS DISCUSSED BY PROMINENT MEN
FRUIT GROWERS OPPOSE
THE JAMAICAN TREATY
Legislation Which Will Prevent the Adultera
tions of Food Products Unanimously
Indorsed.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 14.— Important action I
was taken at the State Convention
of Fruit Growers to-day to protect
the fruit growers' and fruit Interests |
of California. Should the ultimate
end of these measures be reached, a gen
eral Impetus will be given to the fruit In
dustry.
The committee on legislation reported
the draft of a bill which Congress will be ,
asked to pass, providing for a Federal In
spection of Imported plants nnd frnlts and
their quarantine. This 1* to be made ef
fective July V. UOGL and Conpress is asked
to appropriate J5J.000 to aid in its enforce
ment.
The Jamaican and other recent treaties
were denounced as a menace to California
and resolutions were unanimously adopted j
urging that no reduction b« made in
tariffs. j
Resolutions were, also adopted calling
on the Congressional delegation from Cal- i
lfornia to urge the passage- of the bill to
be present od In Congress prohibiting adul
teration of vine and fruit products.
The convention also declared itself in
favor of the speedy construction of the
Nicaragua canal.
The work of the convention opened with
the reading of a paper by M. Theodore
Kearney of Fresno, president and general •
manager of the California Hat sin Grow- I
en« Association, on '•Co-op.-rntion Among
the Farmers as Applied to the Kalsin In
dustry-" l!e said:
The -•:,-:: —i of how fhall we markft our
cmtm i..' a» to i>rv»lu«-«» tl.<* t» »t maltl I* <>ne
that Ik nttractlnit the Kifati-»j ullciui.'ii among
the fruit growers of <*»Ilfnrnl*. ft»Utns have
l*»>n pnvtured! In California f ( .r many yars. l>ut
It wa«i n<~t until I2SS lhat the quantity reach-.l
the riMin.l flcure of lfi.nm.t'W pounds. In Wi
the output rPsch»M 163. «•«.»». Tlif panic of ISSB
and t!i* exprmlve cri'j» of tSM. with dishonest
j>r»ctlPi*« of jiarkrr*. t.riiucht at"Oit a total
charge in irark^tlne the «-r»p». KHl«in.« dr'>i
pM to IIS p^r ton In F*nv>n<> In 1597 ami larni«-r«
li'und It advar.tai^nun t.» usk» th<*m ax a «nt>
ft'.tut* for barley In ftn«ilnc th«*»r work BOraga,
I^rc" am* nf ral^ln vineyard* were u|irixiT<?'l.
rhcwlne a r«slucltr>n In two year* of K.OOO
otck. r<T'^* M 'n:inK a loaa to p-ow^rs of fl.tiO^.
o<r. For three ><-s.m effort* u-«re maJe to or
ganize the crowers wMhout «vcc*er.
An organization tn I"* t--uciv*>.ful mum win
th» conflflrro of fruit im.'w.rK command
HIUHW. »'^n.i>i*»ent men «l:oul.l lie »*crn-J t?
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists ilallai
on Application.
EOOKS A?«n STATIONRWY.
THE SAN fRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.
l<: to KM Ceary I .net, Abore P-iwell.
rKHIOPICAL*. HOOKS ANl> PTATIONTRT.
COAL. COKK AMI PIO IROX
I f Wll fe C A ** n««"T Street.
J\r HIL3U.I tt tU-, T elephon- Main HU.
FRESH AM) SACT MKATS.
JAS EOYES&CO-, V
FIRS.
J v I (IKTIT) '
J. .'. LUrjilAU, g^iat, (o««r p-r»». ••frcd.img.
IRDN FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, &C! £ ZTol
• • Ca»t!BC« cf Cvery Inscription Ua4« to
Order T»l. BJack 16CS.
PAPE9 DF.ALF.R*.
nil 1 AITFTTF I ' CLiM AiiU PAP^n co..
HlLLA'inilC Tt: Montromery rt.
PRINTIM3.
Er fiLGHES. Ml printer. S. F.
L ni unr.3 m( ,t. s. f.
bTAIIONK^ AND PRINTED.
™?2£ xc PARTRIDGE M ggar
WDITE ASfl STEAM COAL, ?& cd bi .a&
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. at It! QHEEN
RIVtK COLJUERIES. la th» U*»t Coai in tfce
c.»rk«*. Office and Yard*— CO Main street.
— — —^ — — —^— !
CURE AT HOME. j
*" ' «—^^^BB»sasßT?^*sßa^Bßa^
* i
Tou can put my Improved Electric
Belt around yi.ur wal*t when you no to
l.<-d. »et th^ regulator t«o a« to nlve the
force of the current that >ou like, and
ran ro tn with the HoothlnK tal-
ltlnc lnr.u<nce j^iurlnn through your
t»c«dy It brinKf you health nnd Ftrength.
RHEUMATISM,
Lame Ilark. Kl.iney Trouble*. Varlco-
c«le. N«-voup mi Vital \V«-akne«B. and
many other trouMe* an- quickly over-
cnrr.e bjr thin method. It will cure th-
mrißt n;;ra^»tl■ll ratu>n In a few •*>}*!■.
d\\\ ani teft It If you ran or ernd for
my »«^klet telllnc alx.ut It free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
TC2 Mnrk^t Pt.. cor. Kearay. S. F. :
T<uril< k mock. cnr. Fprlnit an<l S«-oond
Xt».. Ixii> Angeleii. Of!ioe hourx— B a.
m. to S:nt p. nv: Sunday*. 10 to 1.
NKVHR SOLD IN IiIII'GSTORKS.
TSr>TTOTJT7C for barhers. bak-
XX IJ^rlCi^ em. boot Mack.. bath-
WUUWIiUW^^ billiard tablea,
treweni. bookMndera. candy-makem cannera.
dyera. (Jour mllln. foundrle*. laundries, paper-
)':,:crf. print mi. patntera. thoe factortea.
rtiUrmto. t«r-roofer». tanner*, tallora. etc
BUCHANVX BRO8 M
Brash Manufacturer*. 609 Sacramento St
\A/. T. HESS,
50TAU i-JJ.S A.N) AT?-,llKeV-AT-LIW
Tenth noor. Room lOli. Clau« tnrcckela Bide.
Telephone Drown ill.
ReeJdenca. K2l CaUfomla «t.. below Powell.
Ban Franclaco. _______^__
jf jg^DB»ItY.STHOH6&CO^gS.
¥ *PATENTSt ,4
>>fag»?3?o MARKET ST. S F SarS^
Weak Men and Women
SBrrra - THE
great Mexican r«?oiej> ; »lvei health and
*ti*njrtb to »exual ore«T>»- DeP'-'U 223 Market.
WINTER RESORTS.
PASO ROBLES
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TUB of health reicrU. Curei all
:il« *hen other* fall. Intending visitor*
r..ay pnv-ure rpo^ial round-trip ticket*, entlt-
linr then to rebate of $: 4\ Fnr particulars
aiply to. F. W. KL.T. City Acent.
•4 Market at . Ear. Francisco, room 2.
manage the organization. If they d<» come high.
It will all come back In inrrvaiaed prices. The
director* of the Jtntxln Growers' Awho^iatlon
tV their l.u?ln<-!«.« Judgment impelled the wine
men to U'l\an<e the price of the wurplus rai-in
t;r«ies that are Mid to winerlet. $3 ;>er ton. or
tu-i'ureil the grower! about H'iO. I **). Thin y^ar
the prtce ul raisins wan incrttmvii l^i centa per
puund. klvlhk an Increased prollt to the growers
of fTW.OOO.
ling u( M
: 10 an
,im ;ir-
A. H. NaXtX]
■
er of thi . .
Mr ght tha; th<' comnls
■ i .a one
■
■
• ■
• tit of
objectionable forces
■ py still controlled
■
■ I'iuallv
I with
Alexander Gordon of Fresno and others
Jolnod in thf discussion.
Jud«e Lewis made v motion that tho
addn-ss of a. H. NaftzKtT of tho day be
fore <in "Co-operation Among'Cltrtu Fruit
G rowers V and thai of Mr. Kearney <>f that
morning be iiuljlislhiJ In pam;»hi^t form
for the education <>? the growern. J. H.
I^-wls. W. H. Alk»-n and Alexander Gor
don uvre av-polnt.-d n commltt«-t- to report
<'ij th«.- mutter.
f the
•ny Fruit \
Invitation to the convention to
- latlon.
■
■
Mr. Keaj ■ • . . :ti.ins
i< 1 ent treaties Intm
t • other in
aw. Tt,. v
At the opening of thf- afternoon session
tick. -is wrere given out for th«» excursion
to Stanford I'nlv.rsltv Saturday morning.
A paper on ' N-u Fruit Creations,'! by
I.utlict Hurhank of Santa Rosa was read
l.y I'rof^.sK.r I). T. Flower. It Htated that
the fruit grower of to-day must have the
alilllty to IhPI himself to new methods,
new fruit." and new mark.-ts. By means
of told ?torn»;<-> and rapid transit the
tinest fruit of every Una can be found
in the market. With the old world .is
a market tompetition Is keen and only
the bei-t fruit in the best condition wifi
pay. Fortunately it generally costs much
1»-sh per ton to produce lar«e. -■ -CUUMI
fruit than to produce th<» poorest and
meanest specimens that are ever offered.
Small fruit exhausts the tree more rapid
ly than l«rif<- fruit, as one pound of skin.
Monen and seeds represents ten or twelve
pounds of fruit pulp. It will thus be seen
that Improved varieties which produce
unlfoimly line fruit are more economical.
The tree that needs a great deal of prun
ing to keep It in proper form and vigorous
growth should be replaced by one of bet
ter habit of Krowth. for every ton of wood
tak-'n fD'tn ih»* orchard represents as
much in weight of fruit. I!- discussed tho
merits and defects of till own fruit pro
ductions and introductions. H. had been
laboring constantly for sixteen years In
produclnß fruits and berries. The paper
wjs applauded.
Professor Emory K. Smith ami a prac
ticable talk on the Napalea section of
; the Opontia. a Kplnel.-ss cactus, the fruit '
i ct which is extensively used in southern
I Europe. He exhibited specimens of leaven
I and fruit, Jt was predicted that the fruit ]
would come Into general use in this coun-
I try in ■ few rears, it Is a *""■] fodder
I for cattle. beiiiß very nutritious. The
l cactus grows without moisture and flour
; ishes on rocky hillsides. From eight to
■ ten tons can >>•■ produced to the acre and
It Is very usetul. It ran be eaten in Its
ripe Mate, used In makin" Jellies and
u>-ed «.s a dye or coloring matter. It is
the most gorgeous tahl*- fruit in color that
exists Picked in the early morning It
remains cool all day. The life of the
plant is about fifty years. Professor
Smith now has several specimens grow
ing at his home at the university.
tThulrman I^wis of the committee on
the printing of the address of M. Kearney
reported .• had decided to print 20 *X) !
copies in pamphlet form at a cost of $40. I
The convention instructed the committee
to proceed with the work.
The committee on transportation and
marketing submitted the following re
port, which was unanimously adopted:
Resolved.;; Thai thl* convention vole* .the pro.
! tert of the' fruit Krowers of California aKalutst
I the RroMly unjuVt and discriminating poll) •.
1 i:i:iu«:"f:it'-'l and lorred uiiun us by the trans-
I portatlon eomxauiles.
Resolved, furthrr. That thin convention, rep
; relenting all Hunt.*-* of fruit «.-:-, hereby
extends armpathi and every aid In Its oower
to the crowers of «rr*n and cltrur fruit?, who
! are the direct sufferers under the wronicfu'l pol
icy o!>ove referred to. and we believe that the
■wroniced grower* chould pursue vlKorously every
lawful means within their power to compel the
correction of the evil, and «•• pledge our ear
nest pupnort in every euch effort.
Resolved. That we disapprove and denounce
an unlust and Iniquitous the existing private
j car line system to which our uhlritnents are
farmed out by the railroad com^antea and to
which shipper* are compelled to pay tribute,
and we urge the railroad companies to provide
suitable equipment or permit the fruit rrowera
to do no for all fruit shipments free from Iks
domination of any Individual or private cor
, poration and available to ail shippers on equal
j terms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15. 1899.
B. N. Rowley of San Francisco reported
for the committee on legislation to sup
press the ale of infected fruit. The com
mittee recommended that the growers
keep their orchards clean and free from
pests and that nurseries be encouraged to
do the same thing. This would give grow
ers in California a reputation for the
eleunllness of fruit, and the cry raised
abroad that our fresh and dried fruits
are liable to spread disease and pests will
soon disappear and the market for our
products abroad will expand.
Alexander Craw. State Quarantine
Ofllcer. read a lengthy report concerning
work In his department. The subject of
his paper was "Dangerous Pests Quaran
tined by the State Hoard of Horticulture
Stopped at the Threshold." He ask.-d the
fruit-growers of various counties to petl
tion the Supervisors to give all aid pop
elble to the county horticultural commis
sioner, or see t,Jiat such commissioner was
appointed, and such diseases and pests as
they are affected with aro closely
watched.
The committee on legislation, through
Its chairman. Professor C. W. Chllds,
presented v copy of a law that the United
Statfx Congress will be asked to pass to
provide for the inspection and treatment
«■! trees, plants, buds, cuttings, crafts,
Kcions, nursery stocks and fruit imported
Into the United States. It provides for a
Government Inspection at the ports of
■ entry.
The committee on resolutions reported
favorably on the following resolution pre
sented by .M. Theodore Kearney at the
morning .session:
Wherea*. Congress Is about to be railed upon
to consider and approve reciprocity and other
treaties with numerous foreign mates, which
treaties will materially reduce the tariff on
tuuny of the . ling products of this State,
, bucli an dry and ><i>aikiiin{ irlnes, ports, sher
ries, citrus, dried, preserved and fresh fruits,
raisins, nuts, olive oil and beet mcar, which
reductions, of tariff will expose th<-f>- leading
an 1 growing industries to moot unfair and
rulnoui competition; mid
Whereas. It Ik desirable to remind our law
; maker* that in < 'aiif.Tiila tli-» l'nlted States
j»>sse«sien a region unetjualed in the world in
the extent and variety of Its natural ri-wiurci-s,
which If devel<>i»>d under wine laws and the
liij-terlntr .-. ■■: our National Government »iii
hupport v population as arssk ■• that of Ureul
liritaln. France or i lei nan] . and
Whereas. In "lew of our KeoKraphlcal posl
tlon and the gr^at j«~Mll»illtl.-M of future trade
along the s-liores of the Pacific Ocean the rapid
development of this great wealth is of the ut
most Importance to the Htrenßth and glory of
the i ail.i i and cannot be successfully carried
on while capital is exjxmed to loss through an
unwise clianKefulness and meddUng with our
tariff laws; and
Wl.ereas. The Republican party and the prea
» nt administration lias received the cordtui and
hearty xupnoit Of the i»r>ple of ■ allfornia, us
>hii«n by the State' ■ v ? .-. 1 1\ Increased llepub
licau reptfsentatlun In Washington, which Hup
port wan given on our faith in the iirom'.Hes
and pledges of this great party, through it*
leaden und Its press, that all our lndubtrlei
should by tariff leclslatiun receive ample pro
tection, to iti- end that they may be ittlmulated
to their createiit development.
Now, therefore, we, the fruit growers of the
State of California, in convention assembled,
do, with all due respect but tlrmly and ear
nestly, all upon our Sv-nator and our Repre
sentatives In urce upon our honored resident
and uson Cunaiess as a matter of round pol
icy, and demand as a matter of common riitht
and Justice, that no reductions whatever be
mnde or allowed in our present tariff lawn
which will directly or Indirectly reduce the
protection under which we are now working
ami which has broueht us all prevailing and
unexampled prosperity.
Judge Aikcn spoke on the resolution,
stating that the Jamiiionn and other
treaties were a menace tc the fruit m
dustry of California, He said this was
the time for action and arced all to woik
to the end that our representative* <n
Congress t*c that our product* were pro
tected.
Ju.;fi*» m <; Hurlburt mad<- some Kir
emarka along i!i<- same lines.
Th>' r> solution was adopted unanl
mousl
Similar action was taken with the fol
lowing resolution, which wii^ also prs
! !i\ Mi. Kt:inn-\, and rsportbd
lily:
Whereas. A bill will be introduced in the
present Congress prohibiting the adulteration
of food product*, and it In notorious that a
very great proportion of the fruit Jellies of
fered for sale are not true to name, and In
many case* do not contain any fruit whatever;
that the adulteration of olive oil is carried on
to m> ►■ii*nt an extent as to threaten the de-
M ruction of an Important industry of this
State, and that the so-called brick vineyards In
Kuxtern cities are marketing large quantities
of liquids labeled brandy, port, nherry, angel
ica, etc.; which dn not contain a particle of
jrrape ii. ••. but are eoncm-ted of glucose, sac
charine, raw graln-splrlt, aniline dyes, flavor
ing txtract* and other poisoning ingredients
which are deleterious to health, fraudulent and
uteraata ■ at aoaaa
and ut. mail. N< m, tl -it
Kesolv.-d. By the fruit growers of the State
of California in convention assembled, 'that we
urgently request of our Senators and our Rep
resentatives to »vsi»i by every means In their
power the passage of a bill that can be en
forced in every Htate In the Union which will
promptly put an end to the evils herein com
plained of, and the further evil of the sale of
any articles of food or drink under a false or
fraudulent label.
The resolutions presented at the first
day's session favoring the construction of
the Nicaragua canal, presented by . B.
Berwick, were also adopted.
'•Substitutes for Paris Green as In
pecttrldes" was handled by Professor C.
W. Woodworth of Berkeley. He illus
trated his remarks. He said:
Paris green Is practically the only substance
that has been widely and extensively used as
a remedy for the corllin moth. During the past |
few years there- has .been much adulteration
of parls green, and because of this there has
been some failure to obtain uood results. There
are three distinct classes of adulterated parts
green— bogus, adulterated and low irrade.
There is danger from arsenical adulterations,
an.i they are injurious to foliage. It has been
demonstrate! that dry parts green can be
placed upon a leaf In any quantity, and so
long as the leaf remains dry no evil results
will follow.
A number of States have laws requiring that
parts green contain 50 per rent of arsenlous
oxide. A number of compounds have been sug
gested for parts green and more or less thor
oughly tried, and results obtained In "some in
stances highly satisfactory. The cheapest ar
senical home-made compounds are arsenate of
lead, arsenic and lime and arsenic, soda and
lime.
Professor Colby illustrated the mixing
of the various remedies.
At. the evening session Leonard Coates
of Naps read ■ paper on "Fruit Tree
Stocks." K. D. Sw.-.-i7.er of Santa Rosa
one on "Resistant Vine Stocks." and Ed
ward Berwick of Monterey treated of
"Apple Culture."
A dispatch was received at yesterday's
convention from the Mayor of Santa Cruz,
, tendering the hospitality of that city for
the convention in 1900. The Association of
County Horticultural Commissioners this
evening discussed the possibility of en
forcing quarantine where Anaheim vine
disease was prevalent.
FIGHTING THE
JAMAICA TREATY
California Legislators at
Work.
B|"dal Dlspafh to The Call.
CAM. HBADQUARTERB, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Dec. 14-
S.-n;it.r ivrkins and the California dele
gation are hard at work In mastering
votes iiKalnst the French and Jamaica
treaties. To-day Senator Perkins hud
conferences with Senators Allison, ai
drtch, Palrbanka and sfcComas «>f the
Finance Committee, and is confident that
they win Mipi'ort him In this light. They
all say thai this treaty is not valid unless
ratified bj .t two-thlrdi vote In ih Senate
and a majority in the House, other mcm
i both houses claim that if the
tre.ii • pted they will t-hanpe the
clause of existing laws, and that it would
Require tin- repeal "f various sectlona of
the same The California representatives
In the House are confident that n<> Hepub
llcniis will vote tn reduce the duties on the
various articles, which will have to be
done if the treaties are ratified.
r.>r Fryo takes the position that the
lent la empowered to reduce articles
under the revenue law H per cent, but the
proposed reductions in the treaties of
most of the articles under dispute. It 1*
• i i . Representatives, win bo more.
Senator Perkins say? it Is doubtful if they
can muster the necessary vote to defeat
the ratification of the treaties in the Sen
ate, but i- confident of success in the
Your Name in Gold.
lour name stamped in gold letters tree
of charge on all leather Roods bought
from Banborn, Vail & Co. •
■ ♦ .
WEDDED TO A SOLDIER.
Meda Bowman and Major Fishbeck
United at San Jose.
PAN JOSE, Dec. 14— One of tha prettlfst
horn« weddings In the history of the city
took Diace at noon to-day, when Miss
Moda Bowman, daughter <•( Mr. and Mrs.
<^oorß. M Bowman, and Major Oaorge
Fish>» -k r b a.. were united In mar
rl.-iRf at the residence of the brid>
r*nts at 4*>fl N"..rth First Street Tin- n..r
. . r«- decorated with Chrlstma* L*»r
iod smiiax. The ceremony was per-
DAN BURNS CANNOT
USE THIS CONVENTION
DAN BT'RN'S 1 agents attempted yesterday to use the League of Pali-
Cornlan Municipalities to assist in their extra-s.-ssi-m scheme. They
tailed wofully, their efforts having Just th»- opposite effect to that
for which they hoped, as the leagu- adopted resolutions against the
proposition* advanced by the touts of the man from Mexico.
The necessity for .1 new street law was urged at the morning session and
a committee was appointed to .suggest amendment* to the statutes. Chair
man Hutchlnson of that Committee was advised early that Paris Kllburn of
ird "f State Harbor Commissioners would be very much pleased if
the league would adopt resolution requesting the Oovernor to call an extra
for the purpose of amending the existing street laws. The same
sunn-.- also advised the chairman of the committee that such a COUTM
would be the must speedy way of remedying the existing defects. When the
met last evening Mr. Hutchlnson, who is evidently not easily footed,
spoke against SUCh action on the part of the organization and introduced
the following resolution, which was adopted unanimously:
"Resolved, That it Is the opinion of this league that it will require at
least "ne v-ar to fully Investigate th»> condition of the street Improvement
laws <.f thla State and draft thoroughly considered substitutes for or amend
ment of tli- same; and for that reason this league hereby request! his Honor.
Governor Gage, r>> omit from the call for asj lal Session of the Legisla
ture, should such session be called, all reference to that subject.
"Resolved, That the secretary be and he is hereby Instructed to trans
mit forthwith to C.vcrnor (lage a copy of these resolutions."
form, i by R< v B. Weeden of the Epis
copal church Mabel Bowman, a sister
of the bride, attended her, whlhi the
groom was waited upon by two naval
Companions, l>r Stltt of the Hartford and
Lieutenant Robinson of the Independence.
The bride was attired in s creation of
white crepe ;t:i>l lace and carried I.c
Prance roses.
About flfty of the most Intimate friends
of the family were present. After tho
ceremony an elaborate wedding breakfast
• rved. This afternoon Mr. and Mrs.
Flahbeck left for San Francisco and the
wedding tour will ultimately include a
trip to the PhtUpphv
Mr- PishbecJl Is the daughter of George
M. Howmmi. president of the First Na
tional Bank, and one of the most popular
> oung ladles of this city.
■ ♦ »
Copies of The Call's great
Christmas lid it ion. wrapped
and ready for mailing, can
be obtained at all tUlt'S deal
ers', or at The Call business
office. Please place your or
der at once, as the supplx
will be limited.
CONTRABAND OF WAR
AT PORT OF SPAIN
[Special Cable to the New York Herald, Copy
right. ISD3, by James Gordon Bennett. He
publication of till* dlopatch is prohibited.
rOKT OF SPAIN. Trinidad. Dec. 14.—
Twenty-five hundred Mauser rifles and a
large quantity of cartridges have been
discovered at the custom-house here.
They were In transit from Belgium to
Venezuela. It is believed that the arms
and ammunition, which have been de
tained by the Trinidad Government, were
■hipped by General Hernandez.
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will b*
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
. SATURDAY. . ' ;<i
STREET IMPROVEMENTS
AND CITY WATER WORKS
Delegates to the Convention of Municipalities
Suggest and Discuss Important Measures
for Future Legislation.
CONDEMNATION of the Vrooman
act, suggestion and discussion of ';
measures to supersede It in the I
prosecution of street Improvement
work, ntid consideration of munici
pal ownership Of water works, took up
most of the time yesterday of the dele-
to the League of California Munici
palities In session at Pioneer Hall. Mu
nicipal licenses, public libraries and sani
tary regulations monopolized Interest In
odd Intervals.
As might have been expected from their
methods at other gathering?, the touts of
Dan Mums Intruded their presence within
the vicinity of the convention In an effort
to steal its name to furnish an excuse J
Sufficiently strong to cloak Governor
Gage's real purpose in calling an extra I
SO— lnn of the Legislature. The admitted
necessity Of v substitute for the Vrooman |
net was their opportunity. They tried to
Influence opinion m the league to put
through a resolution requesting the Gov
ernor to embody m his call for an extra j
session a CUMUM urging its necessity for'
the repeal of the existing street laws. The
attempt was stealthy, but it failed. At
the evening session the trl< k was exposed
and. In retaliation, a resolution was
adopted calling upon the Governor to,
omit, in any call he may make, any ref- :
erence to street law legislation.
Frederick J. Teggart. librarian of the I
Mechanics' Library, briefly outlined the
history of municipal libraries and spoke
of the beneficial Influence they have on
communities where they are maintained.
The only water works at present
Owned by the municipality of San ■
Francisco wa« on tap during the day !
for the benefit of the numbers of
the league, it poured down upon them
In bucketfuls from the reservoirs In me
clouds until it became almost too much of
a good thing. In spite of the downpour,
however, the delegates were early in
their seats In the cozy hall, few ab
sentees being noted. In the absence of
Mayor Phelan the convention was called
to order by the llrst vice president, J. \V.
Richards of Berkeley.
The first paper of the day, under the j
head of "Street Improvement Acts," was
read by W. A. Beasley, City Attorney of
San Jose. It dealt with the question of
taxation for street Improvements. He be
gan with the assumption that the Vroo
man act. condemned the day before by
Mayor Eaton of Los Angeles, was too
technical and cumbersome for practical
use. Before he got through he suggested
a method— that met wltn general ap
proval—by which the present obstacles
MUNICIPAL LEAGUtRS IN SESSION AT PIONEhR HALL.
to street Improvement might be removed.
In presenting his plan Mr. Beasley said:
The most important matter to be con
fldered In th* adoption of street Improve
ment laws is how to WCUII the best result*
with the leant tax upon the property which
mum bear the burden of the Improvement*,
and the apportionment of taxation thux be
come* the prime question to be considered
in drafting such i>tatu'<-«
After years of experience It would leem
Q, $10 for a
T^iL. blue serge
I^^SJkXsack suit.
/ I Ix , a^^^ A customer said :
/JB ,■ •♦ y "I want a good service-
\J& ° ° I able suit for every - day
A wear — one that is fast in
0 ° ° \iJ color and will retain its
r^ *"l t*^f>
W&BST^ II " The demands of the
fmm \ 8 holiday season on my purse
Vmm \ ■ w^' not P erm^ me t0 s P en d
f m \ 1 a large amount *or clothing.
/ m \ 1 n s^ ort . J want something
I M 11 tnat nas tne a PP ea rance and
/m 1 ll lasting qualities of a fifteen-
/ m \ \ dollar suit for about ten dol-.
M \ % c snowec^ n * m our ten "
AW v r|^^ )L dollar double-breasted blue
\ffr "■ — — J serge. He found it to be
just what he desired.
Maybe you want such a suit.
Boys' Middy Suits.
Save money on your boys' clothing now, and you will have
more to spend for Christmas presents.
Boys' middy suits in solid blue and nobby brown mixtures; al
neatly trimmed with soutache ages 3to 10 years, price
$1.50 • s »»
__
Fnm now until Christmas we will give free with every suit or overcoat In
this department any or 'these toys: ball and bat, wagon, tool chest, money
banks, popgun or humming top.
All children visiting this department accompanied by parents will receive
' a box of candy free.
Out-of-town orders filled; write u$ for illustrated catalogue Ho. 2.
ASM .WOODS CO (S|)
718 Market St. v®y
3
that the words of Justice Rawyer. that a*
much discretion si- possible should »••■ left
In relation to street Improvement* and th
taxation necessary tv carry them on. to
local committees In which the work la to
be done, have lost none of their wisdom.
From the l;ui(ii.i(' of the opinion In th-»
charter case, technically called Prattler vs.
I'h*lan. It must be Inferred that If charttr
(Continued on Thirteenth Pace.)4
QUAY'S FRIENDS
HAVE LOST HOPE
Impossible for Him to
Be Seated.
POLITICAL LIFE AT STAKE
♦ — —
HURRYING FROM FLORIDA TO
WASHINGTON.
It la Calculated That the Pennsyl
vaxnan Will Be Denied a Seat
With Many Voles to
Spare.
Sprdal Dispatch to The Cail
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WKI.LING-
To.V HOTEL. WASHINGTON. I»«c. 11.—
«»'UJO' Will not be allowetl lo take his peat
!r. the Senate 1 . Therefore Colonel Rums
of California has nothing to hope for from
thla quarter. The action of the Republi
can Fte*'r!ri|{ c*.:inmltt«M' r« tnnvt-d all doubt
on that M-ure if any h< rotofore ♦ xIM«-J.
The cusnnjltti-e l^ c<imp.<K«l of tactical
leaden of the Republican party. Hke
Aldric-h. Bpooner, Ilaiuibixmgli and Platt.
Tlny k'.iiw wh:it can «nd p.liut t-annot bs
put "thronßh the Ftr.al.'. l*p to the time
of mc«-tiJi£ quay's places «<n committees
more rcacrved for him. At the Anal nu-et
li'.jf it wu» announced by Mr. Aldrtch th^t
Quay o'ijJd not he aeated. and It wae no
longvr u< ce*>jr} p to o-'s^ider him as a jjos
*lble factor In tnal;inc ul»u l» 'he commit
tt< s. Jh» r^isic lia* la-en eru!«eJ from the
list.
and
.
him.
■
■
-
:
-• • ntSy
m»'m
\ t- ry
1 h«» appointment of ex -Senator Allen to
tak»* :ht« plrcc of Br>nator-e4ect Hay ward
uf Nebraska adds one more vote to the
n'.ajorlty against Quay. Senator Allan's
r-eord is m £f*T im * the mating of Senator*
on irubiTnajorial credentials when Legis
latures failed to elect.
- if to-day
that
■
■
1 *I»rk
■
■
Th..
him.
■
1 ev«*n
the »;•
Handsome
Celluloid Toilet
! Case for 85 cents
We are now ready with our Christmas
goods — a very large assortment — very many
kinds. Good goods and lots of them.
You know our medicines are very low
priced and dependable — just so with our holi-
day goods. :
Toilet and Manicure Cases
This Set S5 cents Collar and Cuff Boxes
,i~ i 11,.,' -'^,I^^^. Celluloid collar and cuff boxes,
/a^k^J v diffcren; sixes and designs; scp-
W. E8538 Sgpsssfssssl^^ ara * r apartments, high as $3;
vWlWj' a as *j
|V J mhinarion toilet case and
/^■n.^Sasssi manicure set; handsome tellu-
loiJ ease i n many shades and
>^!^BSrlflH WS ' anr y trimmings, arristically
*^ 3 Mf < <^*3^^j FF r * lined with sky blue satin; con-
m **^^ tains comb, brush, scissors,
Fancy fatin trimmings in pink •na brush, file, powder box,
and light blue. A pretty case , chamois polisher £3
in various shades of celluloid ' ' Genuine celluloid manicure and
ormamented with figures and to ji ct combination case 14x7
flowers; contains comb, brush inches trimmed in blue; con-
and mirror; case is eight inches ta i ns com brush, nail file,
lonp . tour inches high and wide, chamois polisher, sensors, glove
a " *° r 85c ; buttoner, powder boxes, etc.,
Similar case, except ends trim- all backed and ornamented
mcd in dark ted, green and , with imitation tortoise shell $6.50
blue plus coTib, brush and' -
mirror ; ,<i Manicure Sets
Sea green celluloid case trim- i^ TgCt beautiful combination
mcd m gold and fancy figures, toilet set and manicure; fin .
odd shaped top, red saan lin- ishc d elegantly in various
ing, snap clasp; comb, brush sha des an d contains over a
and mirror 5i. 25 dozen different articles ' $10
Similar cases in better finish Genuine celluloid case orna-
and larger sizes up to $6. 50 Mated j;h fancy figures and
TI  1. >/> flowers; rich red satin finish
Handkerchief Cases inside; nail cleaner and file,
2nd Glove Boxes ' scissors, knife, nippers, powder
Fancy figured celluloid cases, box and polisher $ s
lined and ornamented with 01 • q
flowers, can be used for cither anaving Set
handkerchefs, gloves, neckties Artistically set in fancy cellu-
or hose; three difFercr.t *tylcj, loid cases, trimmed in different
each 1 25c shades of satin; contains razor "
Larger and more artistically .brush, mug and pair of scissors $2
finished in many shades from Some very pretty sets as high
50c to $1.50. as £
iThe Owl Drug Co jii
Cut-Rate Druggists «sS*|ji|s>
1 1 28 Market St., San Francisco ||||s
Broadway & loth St., Oakland Jnmgk
pointer To-n!Rht Senator Burrows, man
nflns: the riKht for the anti-Quay Repub
lican*, and Senator Jones of Arkansas, for
the Democrats, positively declared that
Quay would 15i» decisively refused In.- seat,
and the question will be settled for all
time to, come.
. The committee will hear the arguments
•.■ Saturday <>f former Senator Edmunds
npainst Qua)', and Attorney General El
kins of Pennsylvania in his behalf. The
hearing will be public.
COMMITTEE CHANGES
BY REPUBLICANS
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 14.— The Repub
licans of the Senate to-day adopted the
changes inude by the Committee on Cnm
mlttces. The more important changes tn
th- membership of the committees follow:
- Finance— llanpbrouKli, fipooner.
Afir ' iirUtlont.— Warren. Wetmore. Carter.
Kmoitcn Itelatlnns— Wolontt.
Juilli -liiry— Fairbanks. Simon.
Aerk-uilurc- — Foxtrr. •
Commerce -Hanna, Moron. Pepew.
(\>irt unJ Insular Purvey (new)— Foster
tchalrtrant. Ha«J-y. McMillan. Perkins, Wel
lington,
c'.'iitmpont Kxpcnses— Kean. Scott.
iVnfu*--<j!iarl«-i<. McCumber.
«"i\ II ?vnliv- lial:er it'liairman).
Claim*— WanVn (chairman), McComas, De
l« «•, IfcCutnber. Kean.
• l>ti>trl<*t of Columbia— Htewart. Wellington.
i:<lu.ation and l*n»«or— MrO-mas.
To Kxamlne Into Civil Service— Ross (chair
man). Deboo.
Fisheries— Foster.
Form Reservations— Bevertdge (chairman),
Carter. Mcllride, Ivjiow.
«}<ii!i>ir!ral Survey— Kean.
Imml^rath :i— I'm: -■■ (chairman). S*well. In
jjlax-e of Nelaon.
Indian Affairt — Thurrton. Nelson, Balier.
VJ v. :'..-. "Utnber. Kyle.
Indian I>oi'p-<l«tl<inß— l>ebo«j (chairman), Me
i:ri<lc, Ho^h. Itovcttds*.
lnteiSK-t-anlc O«nals-- Mt-ltrltie. llannn.
Inter^i.ite Commerce — Ke«n.
Irrru - — Himon -man), Stewart,
Qu:irl«f.
Manufacture*— Soott. Foster.
Military AfT»lrb— lVnrope.
Executive Peparttnents — McCcmas (chair
man), Deveridce.
PHrltlr 1.-lanils *n& Porto Hlco (r.cw)—For
kk«-r (ftialrmunt, UiUllnrer, Perkins, Fair
bank!!. Kelson* M^omas. 1 • pew. •
l*:t!r:it«— t'rtti-hanl <clialrman>. McComas.
I'rnslon?— Deboe. <}uar!eF. McCumber.
)'hillj>pln«*K <ne\v>- I*>ilge (chairman). Allison.
Hale. Davt*. Proetoc. McßrlJe. Bt-verldse.
iv.st..m<v*- Klklns.
Prtntlnc— I'lnit of New Tork (chairman). El
klna.
Private Land Claim*— Bworldpe.
PrlvlleK'! 1 an.l Klectlona— MrfomaF.
Public Bulldlngi and Grounds— Fairbanks
(chairman*. Bcott. Quarlea.
Public H«all!i—^itKiner, IV-boe, Depew.
PuMlc I.K'iiii/ -(".irk of Wyoming. K«-:in.
IliiilmnriF— Hawiry. Wettimre. Scott.
R»latU)n» With Canada— Fairbanks. Cullom.
R«4ai With Cuba <new>— Plati of Connec
ticut (chairman), AUlrloh. Cullom, Davi<>, Mc-
Millan. Chandler, .^pooner. v
Revolutionary Cialmt— Foster.
RuJ^*-Klklnii.
Tenltorlfs— Bevertdije.
Tninii|'"rt«ti.in Routes— Quarles (chairman).
Phi»ui>.
Pi>tmnae River FVont— Hoar. Wetmore, Fos
ter.
Five rivlllxe.l TV! -Baker.
Tranujx.rtAti.-n of Meat Products— McCumber.
Mr-Corn .if.
Industrial Expositions— Depew (chairman).
Prr<rtor. HanFbrouKh. L<odi<e.
National Bank*— Kean <<'halrman).
TrPsj*K»er» t'pon Indian L*ndi«— McCumber
\V«irnan Puff rase — I Mar.
It li observed that Kyle (Independent)
and Stewart (Silver) are considered in the
majority list of committees.
NEW SWISS PRESIDENT.
Walther Hauser Elected by the Fed
eral Assembly.
BKRXB, Dei 14.— The Federal Assem-
My h.i< elected Walther rlauser, the Radi
■
•' Bwitserland for 19
' nt durlne IBM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1899.
FORGET THE PAST AND
BRIGHTEN THE FUTURE
Bishop Montgomery Presents His
Views on Religious Tolerance
to the Newman Club.
BISHOP GEORGE MONTGOMERY.
l.i'S AKOBLJEB, Dec. 14. -At the meet
■ the Newman Club hold in this city
t . »- tll n 11 111 1 Btabop Montgomery read .1 very
•1 "Ri'iipi'ius Toler
ance." Invitations were Issued to Pto
| ctefg) Uien, and many of th.-m ac
cepted.
An elaborate banquet formed the closing
feature of the function. John F. Francis
acted as toast master. Among the puests
Were: K. v. a. G. Trow, Rev. Robert J.
Hurdette. Rev. J. S. Thomson, Rabbi S.
Hecht. Rev. Will A. Knißhten. Rev. W. H.
Knickerbocker, Rev. 11. K. Coulter, Rev.
G. \v VTadswortii, Rev. C. J. K. Jones,
Genvral G. Andrade, Judge E. .'M. Ross,
Judge W. F. Fitzgerald, Judge Lucian
Shaw. Judge M. T. Allen, Judge B. N.
Smith. D. K. Trask. H. W. Hellman. W.
C Patterson, F. a Gibson. H. H. V. Var
1.1. Ferdinand K. Rule, Dr. O. D. Fitzger
ald. Dr. Barton Doaler. Judge J. A. An
derson. Judge A. M. Stephens, Dr. 1;. w.
Fleming, Professor Kdward Pierce. Pro
fessor S. I). Black, Professor George F.
James. T. K. Gibbon. Hay Chapman Dr.
Lerooyne Wills. Judge J. W. McKinley,
H. Jevne, G. W. Berkley. H. W. Poindez
ter and Joseph Scott.
HiPhn|i Montgomery's paper was in part
as follows:
Wi.-n the matter of religious toleration Is in
■queetton. it too often happt that ire f>eem
to thlr.k we are railed Upon to bo lilt ■ the
past and flcht Id lotting that ehould never
have ■ • -n fought. The shortest way to rlKht
a wronc la US confess the WTSfl| and work
on lines other than thoiw? that led to It. When
the world has moved on, in conception of the
many thine* that affect, us with the biblical
Injunction that "sufficient unto the day Is the
evil thereof," »> should realli* we have enough
to do In attending to present want*. and
■hould "let the dead pant lie quiet with Its
dead."
God has lon* Fince settled accounts with
th<-i«r a(f»-s. rendering to every one according
tn hJ« works. If we are capable of rising to
the plane where our duties lie we should be
ilevfl that tho«e duties look to the present and
future, not the past/ Ii is true, throughout
life, wisdom admonlshe* us to profit by our
own. and tie mistakes of others; In tall sense
only is it profltuble to dwell upon that part
of the past which has served to alienate breth
ren with a v|bw to uniting them under a com
mon banner of truth and charity. It is large
ly by this method of using th» best and leav
ing th worst and worthless In the store-house
of the past that proprei=s is made In all human
things. It is by this means that manners are
softened and humanlzrd; arts and sciences
irrow toward perfection: science of government
Itself receives conMantly an accretion of bet*
ter thing?. In a word, It Is by «urn means
that that very indefinite term civilization. In
POPE ATTENDS
THE CONSISTORY
He Announces Appoint
ments of Bishops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME. Dec. 14.— At th" consistory held
to-day the Pope formally announced the
■ appointment of a number of Bishops. In
l eluding that of MonslKnor Pergo McKvay
to the bishopric of i/ondon, Ontario,
which he has been occupying wince Aug
! ust 1. /
Tin- Pop* at the consistory also an
nounced thd appointments of Monsiiriior
Faleoni. the apostolic delegate to Can
ada, as Metropolitan of Larlno. and of
MonslKnor Frederic ESlmaux to the united
• •- of Bault Bte. Marie anfl sfarquette.
I The consistory was held In the Salle -H^
, Kls with th*> usual cr.-ind ceremonial, and
i in the presence of the diplomatic corps,
the Roman nobility and many prominent
ftranKera. The Pope appeared to be In
Rood health. H. smiled continually a.id
was In an excellent humor.
A secret consistory in the chapel fol
j lowed, at which the Pope delivered an al
locution Of a wholly religious character
and performed the ceremony of opening
and closing the mouth* of the new Car
dinals. The Pontiff was much acclaimed,
1 especially in the ducal hall. In which
I crowds witnessed the procession.
MAY IMPEACH WITNESS.
Allegations of Fraud in the Me
■ • Daniel Case.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 14— David T,.
Gee of Port Townsend, F. L. Morse and
Mrs. Morse of tills city were the, principal
witnesses for the defense In the trial of
Frank McDanlel for tho murder of Claire
Fitch. Tho defense endeavored to prove
by nil the witnesses that McDanlel reach
ed his homo before 11:11 on the night of
the murder. D. L. Gee testified that on
the night of the murder he paw a young
I man and young woman standing on :!i«'
corner of East Sixth and Kast Hoyt
streets. The '.couple were talking, huR-
Klnp and kissing. He claimed to hare
watched them fifteen or twenty ml unit**,
I when the young man walked away fr. v
the girl. Without noticing what the rln
did. Gee says he watched the man to roe
if he knew him. that view enabling him
now to Identify McDanlel as tho sane
person. Gee went Into his house Imme
diately, looked at the clock and swears It
was then Just five minutes before 11.
The court record was produced to show
that Gee had served a term In the Oregon
penitentiary for forgery, and District At
torney Glttner paid he would produce vi-
I dccc to show that Gee's evidence was Job
bery. Mr. and Mrs. Morse,, at whoso resi
■ dence McDanlel lived, testified that he
I camo home before 11:80. •
its comprehensive *enn«, ought to make life
more livable, With this principle before us
we began national housekeeping. One hundred
and twenty years of national life have con
firmed uk in this estimate of ourselves. Have
we reached our full stature in this respect?
Have we done all that we could for this prin
ciple, rendered to our country all the strength
that was due?
I shall make confession of sins of my own
rellgjous denomination, and quote testimony
from sources that cannot be> suspected of par
tiality to the Catholic church. I do so now
for the purpose of instituting a parallel be
tween other religious denomination*, simply to
■bow that wrong has been done on both sides.
We, the children of those who did -the wrong,
should endeavor by mutual consent to
blot out the memory. The confession I
ul.-li to make Is. that in that past
for Which none of us are responsible,
many In my own denomination greutly sinned
In religious intolerant*, and m used the name
of the church us to bring shame and discredit
up.in the whole body, for there is no tenet of
faith that warrants persecution for religious
opinions or of coercing conscience in religious
.belief. The witnesses called show that sins
of the same nature wen committed likewise
by others, and I quote them solely for their
historical value. I do not here subscribe to
their views other than historical. To an edi
tion of Gulzot's lectures on civilization Is ap
pended a serif* of notes by Rev C. S. Henry,
professor of history and philosophy In the Uni
versity of New York. In his notes Dr. Henry
discusses the contention of the Catholic church
for a teaching authority in matters of faith,
and that of private judgment on the p^rt of
non-Catholics as a cmclcal question between
them. Dr. Henry says:
■ It le the prevalent opinion among us Prot
cMnnts that the KomanlMs are the only ones
who put people to death on account of their
religious opinions. l*r f.«tant«i should know
that surh 1* not 1 1.»- case." An.] h« quotes
Calvin. Melanchthon. Cranmer and others for
hi* assertion, and gives Fuller. Heylln and Col
lier for historical wit nooses of its truth. He
concludes the note, "From th» study of these
facts •■•■ readeV nay Judge for himself how fur
the principle of freedom of mind in regard to
religious fiith was recognlred or respected by
the reformers."
Much of this spirit was transplanted from the
Old World to' the new. Kven to the present
day. unless a change has come In the last
five years, no Catholic can hold an office of
honor, trust or profit In Sweden, and In free
America Catholicity alone would practically
disqualify any man for the off!..- of President.
Thnt unhappy spirit wm undoubtedly greatly
due to th«» age. In this country certainly It
ought to die once for all In every form. Fair,
manly discussion of principles Is In keeping
with the litter and spirit at our laws. The
Idea of coercion or unfair dealing Is foreign to
our Institutions, Is unworthy of any man that
shelters beneath the flag. Religion Is the
basis of society Most men are convinced of It.
There Is not a doubt that our differences have
done more harm to true religion than any other
single cau«e The only basis of union Is truth,
and truth taught by a divine authority
STRONGHOLD OF
REBELS CAPTURED
Biacnabato Surrenders
to Lieutenant Arnold.
Prwctßl nispatoh to The Pill.
MANILA, Dor. 14 -A detachment of
Coloftel Hajres 1 cavalry under Lieutenant
Arnold ha* captured Hlacnahuto, the
mountain HtrnnKholrt. where the last In
surrection iraa • ndod with a peace tr> itv.
A kirjj" quantity of munitions of war was
secured.
Major Bachelor's battalion of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry Is mnklng slow
Progress in the Apnrrt Valley. The vil
lagers are giving the clored troops ban
quets and balls everywhere.
LIEUJENANT BATSON
SERIOUSLY INJURED
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.-General Otis
has cabled the War Department that
Lieutenant Batson. who organized and
commanded the Mai abebs scoots, has
been seriously wounded In the. foot. Am
putation may be necessary. General
Otis* dispatch Is as follows:
I "MANILA. Dec. 14.— Lieutenant Batson.
I Fourth Cavalry, organized four largo
Companies of Macabebe scouts, had the
advance of Lawton's troops and attended
Young's cavalry In Northwestern Luzon.
Batson leading with conspicuous gal-
I lantry in several hard-fought engage
ment?. On November IS he- was r.erlouely
woundod In the foot and amputation is
probably necessary; can he not receive
majority in some staff corps as a reward
for efficient service?"
• General Otis also cabled the War De
partment tu> follows:
-"MANILA. Doc. 14.— General Law ton
reports Bulucan province freed of insur-
I gents yesterday. Troops of the Fourth
Cavalry captured a strong mountain po
sition in Blacnabato, with food supplies
clothing, a cartridge factory and bar
racks. Mac Arthur's troops occupied Iba
and a town on the southwestern coast of
Luzon, with slight opposition, and a few
light casualties. On the Bth Inst. Bates
nportrd frcm Zamboanga that he has
garrisoned Basitan and Is sending troops
to Itobato and Davan and that the con
dition of affairs is satisfactory. Eighteen
hundred Spnnish prisoners have boon re
ceived In Manila and over 2000 more are
en route. Thirteen hundred were shipped
to Spain on the 16th hint. These prisoners
were In much better physical condition
i than the Spanish troops that surrendered
, when Manila capitulated."
Onyx tables, lamps, framed picture* and
statuary cheap. Sanborn, Vail A Co.. 741
Market street. •
NO PHILIPPINE
INVESTIGATION
Senate Shelves Bill of
Pettigrew.
VOTE NEARLY TWO TO ONE
CHANDLER WAS THE LEADESI
r OF THE OPPOSITION.
- >
Proponent of the Measure Desired to
Know if Our Troops Had Recog
nized the Flag of the In
surgents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The Senate
to-day by a decisive vote and practically
without discussion laid on the table the
Pettlgrew resolution of Inquiry as to
whether or not the United States forces
had recognized the Filipino insurgents'
flag and had turned over -Spanish Bol
dlers to the Insurgents. It agreed to the
House Christmas recess resolution and
agreed to meet to-morrow to receive re
ports on the 'composition of Its commit
tees for this Congress.
Pettigrew's resolution came up In the
regular ord«-r. Chandler moved to lay the
resolution on the table and refused Pet
tigrew's request to withdraw the motion.
There was, however, no objection to an
explanation by Pettlgrew, and he spoke
briefly, saying that his only purj>ose was
to ascertain whether certain newspaper
statements concerning the recognition
given AKiilnaldo's forces by our f:
Manila Bay In the summer of IS9S wt re
true. He ."aid the statement hod been
made repeatedly that res sell bearing the
Phlhpplne flag ha<l passed in and out of
the liarl>or at that time, and that the flap
had been sainted on different occasion!
by the American forces. He had never
nan a contradiction of this report, and
i nsidered it important to know
whether it was based upon fact. He had
also seen frequent statements to the ef
fect that on one occasion our forces bad
turned over prisoners tnk«»n in a battle
on Subig Hay to the Filipinos. If thin
wac true, he anil many others would like
to know the (acts and the circumstances
under which they occurred. He therefore
considered the resolution a proper one,
and honed Chandler's motion to ll B
the table woild not prevail.
Chandler replied thai every word of the
resolution and made upon it
would be cabled to Manila. For this rea
son he hoped that the resolution would
be promptly disposed of.
The motion to lay on the table was car
ri'-.l ayei 41. noes 80, is follows:
Ayes -Aldrtch Allison. Beverldge, Car
ter, Chandler. Clark (Wyo.i. Deboe, De
pew, Kikins. Fairbanks, Poraker, Poster,
Frye. (tallinger, (Jeur. Hanna. Hawlejr,
Kean, Lindsay, Lodse, Mcßrlde, McCo
mas. McCumiier, BicEnery, UcLaurln,
McMillan, Nelson, Perkins, putl (Conn.),
Platt (N. V.). Pritchard. Ross. Bcott,
Sewoll, Bhoup, Bpooner, Stewart. Thurs
ton, U'elliiiKton. Wetmore and Wolcott.
Total. 11.
No. v Bacon, Rate. Berry, HuMt. CUy,
Cockrell. Harris. Heitfel.lt. H..ar. Jones
(ArtL,), Kenney Money. I'ettlsrrew. i'et
tns, Hawlins. Sullivan. Tallaferro, Till
man. Turley and Vest. Total. L^i.
After a brief executive session, the Sen
ate agreed to the House resolution for a
Christmas holiday adjournment from De
cember 1!" until January 3.
On motion of Foraker the Senate then.
at 1 : or, p. m.. adjourned out of r
of the memory of the late Representative
Dunford if < 'hlo.
House Discusses Finance.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The debate on
the currency bill In tho House to-day was
tame and prosaic. The attendance both
in the galleries and on the floor was light
and none of the speeches made attracted
special attention. Sibley (D.) or Penn
sylvania, who had publicly announced his
change of views on the money question
and who It was thought might vote for
the bill, stated that he would vote against
it. Thayer. a Massachusetts Democrat,
was the only member of the opposition
who made a speech for the bill to-day.
CONFIRMED BY THE SENATE.
Officials Selected by the President
Axe Approved.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.-The Senate
to-day continued the following nomina
tions:
To bo United States Ministers- William
P. Lord, to the Argentine Republic; Her
bert W. Bowen. New York. to Persia;
Arthur S. Hardy, New Jersey, to Greece.
Roumania and Bervia; Lawrence Towns
end of Pennsylvania, to Belgium; Bellamy
Btorer of Ohio, to Spain; John M. Irwin
of lowa, to Portugal.
To be United States Consuls— J. H.
Johnson of Texas, at Coatlcook, Canada;
H. 1.. Washington of Texas, at Valencia,
Spain.
To be secretaries of legations— Lloyd C.
Gridcom of Pennsylvania, at Constanti
nople; J. C. McNallv of Pennsylvania, to
Guatemala and Honduras; Spencer. F.
Eddy of Illinois, to Paris (second secre
tary); Joseph H. Choate Jr. of New York,
to London (third secretary); .Arthur
Beaupre of Illinois, at Bogota, Colombia.
HOUSE BILLS INTRODUCED.
Measure to Extend the Homestead
Law to the Philippines.
WASHINGTON. Dec. M.— Among the
House measures Introduced to-day were
these:
By Wilson of Arizona, a bill admitting
Arizona to Statehood and to Rive two
months' extra pay to those serving in the
war with Spain, without limitations of
present law; by Glynn of New York, a
resolution for a tribute to the memory
of Joseph Henry, the scientist, on the oc
casion of the one-hundredth anniversary
of his birth; by Jones of Washington, a
hill to extend the homestead* law to the
Philippines, so that soldiers serving in
the wars with Spain or the .Philippines
shall have the benefit of homestead uettle
ment in the Philippines.
PULLING FOR THE
NATIONAL CONVENTION
Philadelphia Has the Strongest Dele-
gation and Is Making a Hot
Fight Among Committeemen.
WASHINGTON, Dae 14. Knur dttos
nre striving to-night for thr favor of the
memot'rg of th>- RepubUean Nntlonal
Committee, and at s late hour t^-night
v-t. ran members from the committee
said they had ro id. a where the next
Kepubllc-an national convention would bS
held. It was apparent thnt few members
had committed themselves. The four mu
nicipal aspirants arc New York, Phltadel*
i phia. Chicago and St. LnuK
Th.- Philadelphia delegation Is the larg
| est on the ground and is nmklriK strong
; claims of its strength in the committee.
Chicago cjalms 2S votes, which is in. .re
, than a majority. New York and St. L.mis
i claim a good fighting chance. Richnrd
C. Kerens, member for Missouri. Intends
to offer an amendment to the resolution,
asking Congress to pass the n.\t Con
gfessioltal apportionment upon the vutes
Cast instead of population.
Jones Convicted.
WOODLAND. Deo. 14. — "Profesaor"
George E. Jones, the nlleped phrenolojfiat,
oharKcd with taking undue liberties with
l»-ye;ir-old Orpha Motz. was convicted by
a jury. Sentence has been postjumed un
til Saturday In order to give attorneys
for the defense time to prepare a motion
for a new trial.
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
FULL TEXT OF
SAMOAN TREATY
Signed by Hay, Holleben
and Pauncefote.
DATED WASHINGTON, DEC. 2
DOCUMENT WHEREBY TUTTJILA
WAS ACQUIRED.
»
Agreement Is Very Brief, There Be
ing Only Four Articles in Ail
With No Subdivisions
Thereof.
Fperlal Dispatch to The Call.
wasi..m;t(»n. Dee 14.— The full text
of the treaty negotiated between the
United States. Germany and Great Britain I
for the adjustment of the questions be
tween the three Governments In respect
to the Samoan Islands was made public
to-day. The treaty bears date at Wash
ington, December 2, 1839, and after recit
ing Its purpose to be to adjust amicably
questions between the three powers in re
spect to the Samoan group and to avoid
future misunderstandings, it proceeds
textually as follows:
Art id* I— The general act concluded and
signed by the aforesaid powers at Berlin, on
the 14tb day of June. A. D. IMB, and all pre
vious treaties, conventions and agreements re
lating to Samoa are annulled.
Article ll— Germany renounces In favor of the
United States of America all her lights and
claims over ami In respect -to the Ulan J of
Tutuila, and all other Islands of the Samoan
group east of longitude 171 degrees west of
Greenwich.
Great Britain In like manner renounces In
favor of the United States of America all her
rights and claims over and in respect to the
inland of Tutuila. and all other Islands of the
Samoan group »-ast of longitude. 171 degrees
weit of Greenwich.
Reciprocally, the United State* of America '
renounce In favor of Germany all their rights !
and claims over and In respect to th.- Islands of
I polu and Savall. and all other Islands of the ',
Samoan group west of longitude 171 degrees
west of Greenwich.
• Article III— It in understood and agreed that
each of the three signatory powers shall con
tinue to enjoy In respect to their commerce and
commercial vessels in all the Islands of the
bamoan group privileges and conditions equal
to thoi>e enjoyed by the sovereign power in all
either which may be open to the commerce of
either of them.
,-M r le IV— The present convention shall be
ratified as soon as possible and shall come into
caUons the « chan ß« °* ratin-
In faith whereof, etc..
JOHN HAT.
HOLZiEBEN
PAUNCBVOTB.
a separate treaty was negotiated to
cover the i provisions , for the settlements
of claims in Samoa. It seta forth that the
three Governments are desirous of, effect
ing a prompt and satisfactory settlement
of the claims of the citizens and subjects
of their respective countries resident In
the bamoan Inlands, on account of recent
military operations conducted there and
nave concluued a convention for the ac
complishment of this end by arbitration.
The King of Sweden and Norway is made
arbitrator and be Is not only to determine
the amount of claims, but is to decide to
what, extent each of the three Govern
ments Is bound, alone or Jointly, with the
others, to make good these losses.
The natur*- of the claims to be adjusted
Is set forth in article l of this treaty, as
follows:
All claims put forward by American
citizens or Oerman or British subjects re
spectively, whether individuals or com
panies, for compensation on account of
losses which they allege that they have
suffered In consequence of the unwar
ranted military action, If this be nhown to
have occurred, on the part of the Ameri
can. Oerman or British officers, between
the Ist of January last and the arrival
of the Joint commission In Samoa, shall
be decided by arbitration in conformity I
with the principles of international law
or considerations of equity."
There Is also a provision to the effect
that "either of thnsthree- Governments,
named with the consent of the others
previously obtained In ever*' case, submit
to the King for arbitration similar claims
of persons not being natives who are un
der the protection of that Government and
who are not included In the above-men
tioned categories."
The agreement provides for the ex
change of ratifications four months from
the date of Its signing, which Is the sev
enth of November last, or earlier if pos
sible.
GALAPAGOS NOT FOR SALE.
WASHINGTON. I>or. 14-Respondlng to
lutlon of Inquiry, the President to
day sent to the S»»nat» ■ statement bf fh*
Secretary of State concerning? the pot rfblt
sale of the Galapagos Inlnnds. The Sec
retary says in his statement that the De
partment >>t State ha-s no "recent infor
mation a.« to a proposed sale of the Oala-
Phros Islands by the republic of Ecuador
to Great Britain or any European P'>w-r "
If you need a new hat do not buy an expensive one
now and you will have more money left to spend for
Christmas. We don't charge you a cent for this sug-
gestion, and but very little for the hat— only
90c
Derbys— colors— black and brown.
Fedoras— colors— black, pearl, brown and tan. •
Violets— colors— same as Fedoras.
Golf and bicycling caps, all colors, variations and combinations that
we sold a long time for 50c, now you can get them for . „ 450 eacn
Out-of-town orders filled; write us for our new illustrated catalogue Mo. 2.
<jfes.H.WO6B¥cDi!Bfe
\s&/ 7IBMARKETST: *<§&£/
MISCELLANEOUS.
VERY BIG ~~ T ~'
BARGAINS TO-DAY
Pattosien's Xmas Gifts More
and More Attractive.
RORY O'MORE ROCKERS $4.25,
WORTH $6.00.
'Tis hard to begin at the beginning of
the thousand and one good things
which Pattosien's, In the Mission, are
giving away at about 70 cents on the
| dollar. Maybe Ladles' Desks are aa
near the head of the class as any other.
Lady Londonderry Couches are nice,
seductive features of a well-furnished
home. No man would reject one of
them. The cost is very small for the
quality. So also Is the cost of Brass
Enameled Beds; so also Is the cost of
Lamps and Shades; so also Is the cost
of Extension Tables and Sideboards;
And when It comes to Gilt Chairs and
things of sweet complexion for Christ-
mas presents, Pattosien's great store
on Sixteenth and Mission streets and
the branch store in San Jose will do
the running far in the lead of anything
in the Furniture and Carpet business
of California.
Who fears to speak of Rory O'More?
Three hundred of those inimitable
Rockers In Pattosien's stores at 14.26.
They cost nearly double to make.
Chiffoniers are nice presents. No hand-
somer selection In the world than Pat-
tosien's. No bigger Bargains. And.
then, those Inlaid Tables for $3 are
dreams.
It matters not what you want, you
can get It at Pattosien's better and
cheaper than anywhere else.
Open every night.
SCHOOL FOR DEAF AND
DUMB BURNED DOWN
One of the Finest State Institutions
in Pennsylvania Destroyed, but
No Lives Are Lost.
PITTSmiu;. r>» c 14.-Th* Western
Pennsylvania Institute for the Deaf and
Dumb, situated at Edgewood. was com
pletely destroyed by fire thl* evening. The
five hundred pupils In th© building were
panic stricken, but the teachers quickly
secured control of them, and It Is be
lieved all were saved. The Institute was
en Immense four-story brick bunding,
which covered an acre of ground, and
was considered one of the bent institu
tions under the care of Pennsylvania.
• 'hildren from all parts of the. State
pupils of the school, where they
received a thorough *> neral education
ami were tauff).- The value of
large but
has not yet been estimated. The origin
of the nre Is a my.«:.
OBJECTS TO WIVES.
Married Women Not Wanted by the
Postal Department.
WASHINGTON. I. •« Mlslnt«n>r*
tations by employes throughout the
try of the recent ruling as to the status
of married women as postofflce clerks led
to a statement to-day by First Assistant
Postmaster <;en»ral Heath. He -
ate-i that the presence of husband and
wife as clerks In the umt office Is In
imical to the service, and that the poit
tlon held by the wife should jro to some
one who had no means of support
"I intend to apply this ruling to female
clerks who in the future marry. Fern
postofflce clorks already marrifl and
whose employment under their married
names has b*>en approval hy the depart
ment will mot be disturbed under th]»
Artist O'Brien D«ad.
TORONTO. Dw. U.-Ludus U. OBrien
the landscape artist. Is dead, aged *7
years. He painted many celebrated pic
tures Mm -f which were given a pfac«
In \N indsor Castle and at OsborneFIGHT TO SAVE
FRENNA'S LIFE
IS NEARLY OVER
Case May Go to Jury
Before Night.
COUNSEL BEGIN ARGUMENT
GENERAX E S. SALOMON OPENS
FOR THE PEOPLE.
Attorney* for the Defendant Will
Make a Final Plea for Their
Client and the District
Attorney Will Close.
?>*nna ran* may or may not uro to
•Am on the
m t•>
■ ■
Murph\ . who w;!l make tba
i h.- ;.t
:hrnuj;h in
■n. but
and by the
i.. o H- n
■
limn m ith lua
Detective Dillon, who was the first wit
ness called In rebuttal, testified that he
had tried lor a week to locate Lizzie
F. O'lJonnrll. who was Turners conllden
tial cletk and who signed all the deeedt
received from Turner by Frenna.
F. A. Rose of Oakland testilied that he
had met Frenna uti the street In January
or February ot this year and in the course
of the conversation that followed Krenna
had told him that he whs better off than
any of Turner's cr."ditors; that he was
amply secured for all Turner owed him.
« barley Kaston, butcher; Charles Spohn,
Kaloon-kteper; J. L. Kusel. Janitor; S.
* riedmnn. cigar dealer, and Vincent
Wood, grocer, all of wh«>m talked
with Turner on the morning of
the murder, were recalled to the
Btasd and testined that Frenna ap
peared to be in his usual hexlth an.l
»-how»-d iio signs of excitement or insanity
on that occasion. Wood was brought into
«ourt on an attachment and tinea J5 for
contempt because It had >je?n necessary
to sen-1 an officer aft. r him.
At 1:.V» Assistant District Attorney Salo
mon began the opening argument for the
people. He rfviewd the widence In a
very thorough and <-nmprehensive manner
and in cotuli'slon declared «b:i*. the kill
ing of Turner was a cold-blo-Ml«-l assas
sination and ahketl for i vnliet . i t.i ii
der. It was nearly 4 p. m wh-»n Mr. Salo.
mon concluded, and an fJJiur.inieiu was
taken until > M this morning. Attorney
Hosmer will open for the d«-fens-\
EIGHTEEN GRADUATES
AWARDED DIPLOMAS
FIRST CHRISTMAS CLASS OF
GIRLS' HIGH SCHOOL.
The Young Ladies Entertain Senior
Teachers and Principal at a
Banquet.
E!shte«-n ynunp ladle*, comprising the
first Christmas clans of the Girls' HiKh
Pchool. received their diplomas" of pradu
• tion yesterday afternoon. After pres
entation the clafs Mtcrtalnfd the senior
teachen and tht- principal at a banquet.
The clasn of Christmas. 'X*. consists of
the following: Gertrude Smith, president;
Klma Anderson. Lulu Beardsley, Char-
Jotte Brady; Lillian Clarkhon. secretary
and treasurer: Ida Glllesple, Alice Hap
arty. Alice Harmon. Freda Jones. l<Ya
Maurer. MarßU«rite Miklau. .: IT.-t !••
O'Connell. Louise Pfelffer. Eda Relch»-n-
Lach. Annie Rodney. Lucile Smitten,
lialsy Stephenson. Kthel Vounß.
. I'reMdent Gertrude Smith acted as
toastmaster, ami In a irrac^ful speech
!t hanked their principal. Klisha Brooks.
for the interest he had fhown in th«- class
durinu its term. Bhe also called attention
t<» the «'hristmas tree on which wore
some truly wonderful presents fcr every
(rue^t.
Principal Brooks made a brief address,
congratulating the class on Its efficiency
•nd on ltf bring the first Christmas class
to graduate fmm th* <JlrlJ>" High School.
H« # alfo pave :h«' rlars some excellent ad
vice concerning the taking of the first in
dependent st**p °f their lives.
The daw spent much time and effort In
d'-foratlng th rt banquet hall, and the se-
Fult waii exceedingly pretty. Before rep
crating the eighteen graduates took a
solemn pledge to meet on every anniver
sary of their graduation da^, either in
body or in spirit.
BUSINEBS OF BANKS.
Big Increase in Deposits and Gains
in Four Mouths.
The eight, commercial hanks of this
city have tiled with the Bank Commis
sioners their *«ml-annusl statements.
which shorn- m gain of f3.333.25l 20 in de
posit* In the past four months. The mm
btned gain of the State savings and com
mercial banks in San Francisco in that
period was $5,727,572 77. and the combined
<1«-poFltE of both In the city and State was
Sir.!s€W.O3 S3. The banks 1 reports show
the following:
Resources— Bank premises. tI.TCK.U7 I; r«>&]
cMiite taken for debt. 12.K0.W0 17: mlscella
i >«<■»— bone* and Mock*. f6.315.7?6 SC; loans on
:■ :.i rrtttr, S« T«.r..: l 17: loan* on stocks, bonds
and warrants. 11u.M7.K19 46; loans on other se
curities <icraln. etc.). {S.TU3.2fcG r.s. Joans on per
sons! ... ami overdraft*. tli.CU.t7l f>S;
r. ■ -n« y on hand, t11.6C4.312 .".:•; due from banks
and bankers. t11.CU.3T4 W; other assets. tI.ISS.-
I.'.k Cv; total resnurres, t74.S!S.!CB OS.
■• I
■ ■ • 'init^nt
•■
dv» »»•• •• t4.***.ZH €1 : oth.t lia
. at>llltl<>«. P4.sU,-
Chamber Music Concert.
The fifth chamber music concert of the
Holmes Quartet occurred at Century Hall
Monday night. Th* programme was rath
rr a tedious one in the beginning, consist
ing of the Haydn string quartet In F. Op.
77. and the Brahms sonata in G. Op. 78. for
piano and violin. Mrs. Ernestine Goldman
played the piano part of the sonata with
delicacy of execution, and Henry Holme«
showed himprlf once more i he master of
tjic violin which he undoubtedly is. The
brilliant piece of the evening was the
Schumann Ft ring quartet in A minor No
1. Op. 41. Especially piquant was the
presto movement, which at times con
tained that quiet humor which Schumann
understands so well how tar obtain, and
again this merry "fun" gave place to sad
sentiments nnd repressed sorrow. It in an
emotional composition of the most refined
character and was worth while to stay
fon The la«t concert of this series will
take place next Tuesday afternoon.
A Noted Woman Here.
The women of San Francisco have at
present a distinguished member of their
Bex for a visitor In the person of Mrs
Charlotte Perkins Stetson, author of
"Women and Economics." magazine
writer, sociological student, member of
women's congresses, lecturer an.l about
everything else that Is brainy, bright and
bizarre In the gentler portion of human
ity.
Benefit to Alma Wuthrick.
A performance was given last evening
In Franklin Hall. Fillmore and Bush
fstrwts. for the benefit of little Alma
Wuthrick. in which an orchestra, the
MJsn-!. Grace Shfan. Mabel Dodge. Isa
belle Miller. Virginia Stark and Dubols.
Alma Wuthrick and Frank Pohl took
j*rt A programme of miscellaneous cx
f-c!»ca wan followed by dancisc.
FIRST STEAMER
OF THE KOSMOS
LIKE ARRIVES
The Tanis Makes Port
From Hamburg.
BRINGS A VALUABLE CARGO
CAME VIA SOUTH AND CENTRA!
AMERICA AND MEXICO.
Bar Bound Steamer* Q«t Out of Coos
Bay — Ship James Dnimxhond
Purchased by California
Shipping Company.
The German steamer Tanls. the first of
the Kosmos line from Hamburg, Ant
werp, South and Central America and
Mexican ports, arrived here yesterday
morning. ' She brought up fourteen pas*
sengers all told and about mi tons of
cargo, valued at three-quarters of a mil
1 lion. Among It was concentrates, gold
and ■fiver bullion and gold and silver
money to the value of $251. 000.
The Tan I left Hamburg on September
16 last, and alter calling at Antwerp wtnt
straight across the Atlantic to 'Punta
' Arenas. After a stay there of a few
hours she was taken through the Straits
of Magellan to Corril and thence to Co
ronel. While cargo was being discharged
there Captain a. ... Schult* Cell down the
hold, but was not seriously Injured.
From Coronel the Tunis went to Tal
cahuano. where some general cargo was
taken in; thence to Valparaiso, where a
consignment of bark and nuts was taken
aboard; to Antofogasta, where copper ore
was loaded; to Caleta lluena. wnere ni
trate of soda was shipped, and thence to
Guayaquil, where a consignment of CM
sacks of cocoa awaited. All the way up
The coast cargo was discnarged and the
products of the place taken aboard, so
that the Tanis has but little of the cargo
aboard with which she left Antwerp.
The passengers who came up on the Ta
nis were Hugo Oppenheimer, F. A. Smith,
Herman Bchlerfenbaum, Adolf dcs Arts,
\\\ S. Keyes. Hugh McCall, K. .Weber,
1 Anita li.mii. Albert H. Humphreys.
Miss Kate Humphreys, J. T. Riley and
Max Oppel, first and second cabin, and
John Dabner steerage. Lendai M. Gray,
agent of the Koamos line, came as far
as San [Mega on the steamer, r'rom that
place he cam*; ovenand in order to have
everything in readiness here for the ar
rival of the vessel.
The Tanls Is admirably fitted for the
trade in which she Is employed. She Is a
splendid carrier and can make fourteen
knots on a very economical coal consump
tion. She has excellent passenger accom
modation and the oltieers are a courteous
set of gentlemen. Captain Schultz has
"been seventeen years In the employ of
the Kosmos line and In the South Ameri
can ports is known as 'El Sympatico Cap-
Itano." The steamer will coal in Chile
for the round trip, as down there fuel as
good as the Nanaimo article can be
t>ought for $2 25 a ton. The Tanis will be
'< followed by the steamers Volumnla. Ha
: thor. Octavla and Luxor. The three for
mer are on the way and the Luxor is now
loading.
Another steamship line may be added
i to other lines now plying In connection
with the trade between the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts of the United States.
i-rank S. Johnson of the Johnson-Locke
Mercantile Company has gone Bast. and
hi* mission is in get ships there to en
gage'ln the carrying trade between Phila
delphia, and San Francisco. The lirst
steamer of the line to be chartered is the
lrrawaddy. 2T.53 tons register. She is the
first vessel of the Argonaut line, and will
urn loading at Philadelphia on Janu
ary L
The bark Roderick phu was about the
only vessel that worked yesterday on the
front. Her agents are anxious to get her
away for Hilo as quickly as possible, so
the labor of loading went on all day un
der canvas. The Roderick Dhu will sail
the day before Christmas «rith every
ounce of freight she can carry and a full
passenger list.
The ship James Drummond has been
added to the list of vessels owned by the
California Shipping Company, W. tl.
Mlghell manager. She is now loading in
Philadelphia for Port Los Angeles and
will come from the latter port to San
i Francisco.
A salmon-cod caught in a net at the
Spear street bulkhead caused some «x
la\ The ■ uriostty was
I ».> \\ i . Casey and
he Inn ing it on exhibition to
nhermen i>ring in
f the hybrid, but this la the
first time one w.i> eT«K caught from a
wharf.
United States Uaundry launch was
:.<> through a rope get.
to tbe propeller. The vessel was
wn upon Alcatraz. when the
.inie along and towed h< r
• • t wharf.
Th'-r' w Ke of wind up the
and the steamers Alice
Blanchard, Kmpire. Ar.ata. Rival, Alll
md Homer, after being barbound
three w.eks-. K<>t out and are on their way
British ship St. Knoch. which wf.s
•«.•■ off the Columbia River and was
• Mown off shore, made port yest.-r
dsy. Reinsurance to the extent of 10 pr-r
paid on her.
The horse transport Flintshire went nut
..tn last night and will sail tor
Manila to-day.
NOT BAD, ONLY WILD.
LUlie Young's Fancy for Shooting,
Boxing and Biding Horseback.
The Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children has taken charge of a
wild young specimen of femininity. She
was discovered by Officer McMurray run
ning at large at Ocean View and taken to
the office of the society, where Colonel
Parneii, the secretary. quizzed her as to
her mode of living and antecedents. The
girl is called I.illU- Young, but her true
name Is Wise, and her age is about 15. Her
father is dead and her mother Is believed
to hi In Eureka, i'al. For some time past
Mrs. Young of. .'.]:> Capitol avenue has had
charge of the child, who she says is by
no means bad. The child's peculiarities
are that she la particularly fond of shoot
ing ducks on Lake Merced with a bhot
gun, boxing with the men and boys at tho
■porting resorts In that section of the
city and riding horseback after the man
ner of an Indian.
Colonel Parnell found that the child is
very or!nht and able to protect ).■
In fact, the girl boa*ts that she has fre
quently knocked down men and boys v*no
• fcot too fresh with her. She is as
straight kk .in arrow and as muscular as
an athlete, and the colonel Is Impressed
that the only fault of the girl Is that she
is a "tomboy" and loves a wild life hn
ter than the pleasures that girls of her
age ufurlK seek. He will provide her
with a home and endeavor to have her
tum'-d a little.
Copies of The Call's great
Christmas Edition, -crapped
and ready for mailing, can
be obtained at all nervs deal
ers', or at The Call business
office. Please place your or
der at once, as the supply
will be limited.
Presented With a Locket.
Ex-Police Officer Amos Williams was
pleasantly surprised yesterday afternoon
at the California st»- ■••• police station,
when he became the recipient of a hand
some diamond locket, the gift of his asso
ciates at the station.
Offlcer Williams wan retired on a pen
sion last week by the Police Commission
ers, after having served the alloted twen
iv years and his fellow officer*, desiring to
show their esteem for the retiring veteran,
presented him with the token. On enter
ing the station Williams was approached
by Officer Copies, who, la a few well*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1899.
The Tanis, First of the Kosmos Line of Steamers to Reach This Port.
chosen words, delivered the locket on be
half of the members of Company A. First
Division. California Street Station. Offi
cer Williams. In responding, thanked the
company and said th.it he hoped the ties
which have existed between him ;;nd his
brother officers would forever remain un
severed.
CHURCH HOUSE WARMING.
St. Paulus Evangelical Lutheran
Congregation Celebrated Com
pletion of Pastor's Residence.
A housewarmlng took place last evening
at the newly completed pastoral residence
of the St. Paulus Evangelical Lutheran
Church, at Gough and Eddy streets. The
pastor, the Rev. J. M. Buehler. welcomed
the congregation and trustees and all
friends of the congregation, who. In large
numbers, thronged the house during the
entire evening. After the older members
had been received the young people were
given a reception. The event was really
In the nature of a celebration, but very
informal. The house is largely due to
the energy and perseverance of the La
dies' Society connected with the church.
There was a vacant lot adjoining the
church structure, which was the property
of the church. There was nothing to pre
vent the building of the pastoral residence
there excepting the lack of funds. The
Ladies' Society took the matter up and
raised enough money so that when the
building was completed It was free from
debt. Therefore, the praise of the ladies
was the theme of conversation last even
ing on the part of the guests. There was
no set programme of exercises. The
people gathered around the tables and
listened to Impromptu speeches, and mu
sic was also a part of the entertainment.
The pastoral residence is two stories high
and Is quite handsome and commodious.
• ♦ «
FILIPINO THEATRICAL
STARS SUFFER ECLIPSE
A DREAM OF LUXURY DISSI
PATED BY LACK OF FUNDS.
Ti-oubles of Manager Stone in At-
tempting to Obtain Oratuitious
Accommodation.
Manager "Colonel" Walter Everett
Stone and his constellation of Filipino
stars are having a literal run for their
money— or, rather, for their promises.
They have not yet been In the city a good
half-week and have been run out of the
Palace Hotel and Russ House, and are
now running about the streets looking for
some other place to go rest their heads.
Stone, or, as he styles himself. "Col
onel," drifted across the local ilrmament
last Sunday evening for the first time,
when he wandered Into the Palace Hotel
and casually informed the clerk that he
wanted accommodation for himself, fam
ily and some thirty Filipino friends, irre
spective of what it cost or who was hurt.
The management of the hotel was some
what dubious. Mr. Kirkpatrick did not
care what it cost, but he most certainly
did care who was hurt, and was at llrst
disinclined to take any chances of being
the injured party. Stone, however, waved
his hands two or three times in front of
Klrkpatrick's whiskers, snapped his fin
gers in his ears, told him unit he was
looking at a millionaire manager of the
only aggregation of Filipino comets that
had ever flashed across the California
horizon and that he should give the all
star troupe, who were so. soon to delight
the crowned heads of Europe at the Parts
Exposition, the best he had on the first
floor of his hostelry-
Manager Kirkpatrick went Into a trance
and obeyed. The little brown men were
quartered in the best apartments that the
house had to offer, they were given the
choicest cuts and the most expensive
dishes that the hostel's chef cquid pro
duce and Austin was told to tout them
onto a few good things at Tanforan, so
that they would not wear themselves out
carrying too large a roll around in their
clothes. • •■■
The Filipinos liked It. They had struck
nothing half so good In all their lives
before; not even when, as untutored chil
dren of the wilderness, they plundered
packtrains and murdered the casual Span
; ish soldier in the holy cause of liberty.
Stone swelled himself like a toad, strutted
! about telling of the wonderful things he
was going to accomplish and of the favor
he was conferring on the Palace Hotel by
his patronage, which was soon to be in
creased by a further addition of ten Fili
pinos who had not yet arrived.
This dream of Stone and his following
lasted but for a brief space. Last Thurs
day some one put a flea in the ear of Mr.
Kirkpatrick, and that gentleman at once
Informed Stone that a $1000 deposit would
I make his credit better at the caravansery.
"A thousand," said Stone; "that's easy.
You shall have it at noon. Noon came,
but no money. The Filipinos started on
their regular march for the grill, but
never got there. As soon as they ap
peared out of their rooms Manager Kirk
patrick marshaled his forces and the war
, riors from Luzon were dumped, bag and
! baggage, out on the sidewalk.
Stone got them together, and in columns
of fours they marched to the Huns House,
where the same gold brick was presented
and accepted. They were given rooms
and one meal, and then Manager Young
got wise.' He called Stone to one side and
Informed that gentleman that while he
was willing to accept the white man's
! burden he was not In the business for his
health, and that the burden must be paid
for or he would dump It. Stone promised
to get the money by the middle of the
afternoon, but, as in the former case, he
failed to keep his promise.
Colonel Young thereupon followed the
example of Mr. Klrkpatrick and placed
the Antlpodeans on the cold, cruel pave,
where they now are and where they will
probably remain unless Stone, who has
not shown up, appears and finds some
way to relieve them from their embar
rassment.
Park Lodge Social.
Park Lodge. Ancient Order T'nited
Workmen, had a pleasant social In Devis
adero-street Hall last night. Despite the
dampness, there was a good attendance.
During the evening the lodge was visited
».\ Deputy Grand Manter Workman Ed
win Danforth and Special Deputies Mal
lory and Huvrley. who delivered short ad
dresses. There was a propriimme of k<-v
enteen dames, which kept the assemblage
til! midnight. A. M. Stone was floor man
ager and he was assisted by the several
committee*.
■ «
Pyropraphy Outfits.
Pyrography outfits Just received. Skins,
.wood and leather articles for burning.
Saaborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. *
CITIZENS AFTER
WRIGHT'S SCALP
Larkspur Residents on
the Warpath.
WATER RATES TOO HIGH
MARIN SUPERVISORS ASKED TO
REGULATE PRICES.
*
A Technicality Causes the Petition
to Be Thrown Out, but An
other Will at Once Be
Prepared.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Deo. 14.— The trouble be
tween C. W Wright, president of the
American Land and Trust Company of
Larkspur, and the patrons of that corpo
ration has almost reached a climax. In
stead of adopting a less belligerent atti
tude upon finding that the courts gener
ally favored the people of the town,
Wright has pursued the even tenor of his
way with the regularity of the ticking of
an eight-day dock, and in consequence
the residents of Larkspur have appealed
to the Supervisors to fix a time for regu
lating and controlling the prices of the
water dispensed by Wright, who Is really
the "corporation. "
This petition, which is signed by thirty
two persons, recites that the American
Land and Trust Company Is a corporation
controlling the water supply of Larks
pur and has been engaged in business tor
four years; that prior to April l, I;>2*>, the
prices of the corporation were controlled
ny an agreement entered into wit 1 , its
patrons, Dut thai in March, IM*5, Wright
notified the patrons that the company
would, after April 1, demand its own
prices. The petitioners aver their belief
that such prices are extortionate and
greatly in excess of what would be al
lowed "by law, and accordingly ask that
the. Board of Supervisors regulate the
amounts to be paid by residents and
householders.
The board submitted the petition to Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaac for examination.
To-day thai ofllclal handed In an opinion
that the petition should be rejected for
the rxuKon that fewer than twenty-five
of the signers were taxpayers and their
manes were not on the assessment roll.
This defect will probably be remedied Im
mediately and a n>-w petition presented.
If the petition Is properly signed the Su
pervisors are required by law to name a
day on which the prices of water in va
rious quantities shall be fixed so as to
allow the company to make only a certain
percentage of pn.ni on Its Investment.
TO REVISE CITY ORDINANCES.
Sity Attorney Knocks Out the Aspi
ration of Three Attorneys.
The Board of Supervisors recently re
ferred to City Attorney l^ine for his ppin
lon a resolution under which It In proposed
to employ three members of the bar to
revise the ordinances of this city and
county to conform to the requirements of
the new charter. In his opinion Mr. l^ane
'The work proposed under this resolu
tion would be of mu«h value to the city
If it were well done. It would be useless
and worse if poorly done. Inasmuch as
the incoming Board of Supervisors Will
contain several attorneys, who will no
doubt constitute the Judiciary Committee
of f»sild board, it would be in the line of
economy for * l "' n work a.s is immediately
necessary because of the new charter to
be undertaken by such committee. The
work of codillcation and general revision
could then wait until the city was better
able to pay for it than it is at present."
Tlii* knocks out the applications of
GeorK** 0. BQ.utr«*j L. <J. Carpenter and
A S. Newburgh, who made application
before the Health and Police Committee
to be appointed special counsel to amend
the city ordinance.
Rev. Dr. Spalding to Retire.
The x>resent condition of Rev. Dr. Ed
ward H. Spalding. pastor of St. John's
Bjttscopal Church, on Fifteenth street. Is
such as to foreshadow his early retire
mtnt from the ministry. The church and
congregation over which Dr. Spalding
has charge is of such magnitude tnat an
active and energetic minister will be re
quired to conduct the interests and w-1
fare of both. While the many friends of
l)r Spaldlng will be pleased to learn that
he has improved' wonderfully since he
wont \>> Sun Mater County to recuperate,
yet his ape and the wonderful strain
which his mind has been subject to in hm
trying to conduct the school and the cler
ical responsibilities' of his large parish
have uiiiii rmined his general constitution
to the extent that his withdrawal from
the active duties of both is now an as
sured conclusion.
The lay officers of St. John's will In all
probability make arrangements, with the
consent of the congregation, by which 1 >r.
Spalding will be retired as an emeritus
In the near future. The question of who
will be honored with the rectorship of this
prosperous and growing parish Is not at
the present time known. It may be that
the deacons will reauest Bishop Nichols
to appoint a rector direct fr<;m the num
ber of his clergy in the diocese.
Rev. P. C. Yorke to Lecture.
Rev. P. C. Yorke will open the monthly
course of lectures -of the Catholic Truth
Society for 1900 in St. Mary's Cathedral on
Wednesday evening. January 3. Tickets
of admission to theAtcture are now ready
for distribution, ana will be furnished
only to members of the society. Bach
memher will be supplied with two tickets
upon calling at the office, room 37. Flood
building. Those whose subscriptions have
expired who wish to renew them, or who
<lpsir.- to Join the society, may do so at the
office, and will be entitled to tickets. The
w;bscriptlon fee is $1 a year.
■ m ■
Epworth League Entertainment.
The musical and literary entertainment
to be given this evening in the Howard
street M. E. Church under the social de
partment of the Epworth League prom
ises to be a very enjoyable affair. An
excellent programme has been arrange 1,
and a guarantee of success is the appear
ance thereon of the following names: Xim.
Burton Harrison. Miss Marie Hocken
brnch Miss (Mara V. Rauhut. Professor
Otto Rauhttt, Miss Resole M. Langley Jo
seph L. Regensburger and Miss Ada Kill
gore.
■ ♦ «
AT HOME FOR CHRISTMAS.
One Soldier Who Will Find a Real
Holiday on the Twenty-Fifth.
' Private " Thomas Honey of the First
Washington Volunteers will enjoy his
Christmas at home, for he left the gen
eral hospital last evening and took the
train for Spokane. When lie came Into
the hospital several months ago it was not
supposed that he would ever get out of It
alive. He was paralyzed, the result of
fevers contracted in the islands, and it
seemed as if he would never regain the
use of his limbs. He did recover, though,
and so rapidly that he la in a condition to
travel home alone. He was driven to the
ferry in one of the hospital ambulances
and two of the hospital corps went across
the bay with him and turned him over to
the conductor of the train.
Sergeant Michael Rinn, Ninth Infantry,
died at the general hospital yesterday.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Chandler P.
Robbing has been assigned to temporary
duty at the general hospital pending his
assignment to Manila.
Leave of absence for sixteen days, to
take effect December 15, has been granted
to Major William Monaghan, additional
paymaster of volunteers.
Major Abner H. Merrill. Third Artillery,
has been relieved from duty in this de
partment and has been ordered to pro
ceed to Manila by the transport Grant.
-The following acting a.s>t stunt surgeons
have been ordered to proceed to Manila:
Clarence H. Long. Ueorge L. Painter,
John F. Jones, Carl R. Hexamer, Henry
H. Brown. Thomas W. Hath, H. H. Ruth
erford. Charles W." Karr. Starling S. Wil
cox, Henry Klersted. Vernon K. Earth
man and Edward N. Bowen, on the United
States transport Grant, to sail from this
port about the 20th Inst; Nevll M. Garrett,
on the United States transport Sheridan,
to sail from this port about the 3d pros.
Lieutenant Colonel James If. Marshall,
deputy quartermaster general, has been
ordered' to proceed to Amedee, Cal., Battle
Mountain, New, and Truckee, CaL, for the
purchase of. cavalry horse«. He will be
accompanied by J. H. Page and Con Grif
tln. employes of the quartermaster's de
partment. - .''■". ...
The following sentences of courts-mar
tial have been published in orders: - .- •
Private George Belmont. Battery N.
Sixth Artillery, found guilty of larceny,
was sentenced to be dishonorably dis
charged, forfeiting all pay and allowances
and to be confined at hard labor at Alca
traz for six months. -t -_■'■
Sergeant Howard Sallee. Company D.
Eighth Infantry, found guilty of absence
without leave, was sentenced to be re
duced to the ranks and to be confined at
hard labor for two months and to forfeit
HI of his pay per month for the same
period.
Private Frederick Douglass, Company
1,. Forty-eighth Infantry, found guilty of
insubordinate conduct to a non-commis
sioned officer, was sentenced to be con
fined at hard labor for ten days and to
forfeit $10. • •
Private William "Webster. Company D.
Forty-eighth Infantry, found guilty of
disobeying the orders of a non-commls-
Bloned officer, was sentenced to be con
fined at hard labor for one month and to
forfeit $10 of his pay per month for two
months. ' "■•]"
Private Edward Connor. Troop C.
First Cavalry, found guilty of desertion.
was sentenced to be dishonorably dis
charged, forfeiting all pay and allowances
due him and to be confined at hard labor
at Alcatraz for eight months. • •
Private James Sutton. Company M,
Forty-eighth Infantry, found guilty of as
sault upon a comrade, was sentenced to
be confined at hard labor for two months
and to forfeit $10 of his pay per month
for three months.
Private Peter Goode, Company L, For
ty-eighth Infantry, having been tried
upon the charges of Insubordinate conduct
to a non-commissioned officer and of at
tempted assault, and Sergeant Henry
Reese. Company I. Forty-eighth Infantry,
tried upon the charge of suffering a pris
oner to escape, were acquitted.
On account of the time neces
sary In the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
Frenchmen to Dance.
The I^igue d'Henri IV has Issued Invita
tions for a ball to be held on Saturday
evening December 16, at Native Sons'
Hall. The grand march will start prompt
ly at 9 o'clock.
A Great Chair fflr^OlMll Price Everu-
' Value, | »§ where Else,
$2.75 hjjij % am
■■'"■--JJjHSS J I
You will W ~4^i£nY^\l We have but
be happy : . ; Tt^^^r^^rfP^l one set °*
with such a if JwLrrVipiA prices- -always
Big Rocker Jti \dr'*^ twr' the lowest on
as this. ; k .the Coast
INDIANAPOLIS .
Polished Golden FURNITURE Oiirnofo in
Oak— Cobbler CO. Udl|Ju 10 every
Seat— Oh, so . -- 0 M U ■. Mc f •.■.'•:, quality and
comfortable. OP^ tvv^as. T'' J price .
OPEN EVENINGS.
RADGESKY ACTED
AS ADVISOR FOR
D. V. B. HENARIE
The Widow Has Filed
Suit.
VALUABLE STOCK THE OBJECT
SAYS HER HUSBAND PRETEND
ED TO TRANSFER IT.
She Claims, However, That He Wai
Under the Undue Influence of
the Man She Names as
Defendant.
Mary A. Henarle. who escaped mention
In the will of her late husband. D. V. B.
Henarie, the well-known liquor dealer,
has sued Louis D. Radgesky to recover
possession of stock In the Eastern Oregon
Land Company valued at $20,000, which
she alleges belongs to decedent's estate.
In her complaint Mm. Henarle alleges
that when she married her husband on
December 24, I\'.4. he had no property or
means of any kind, but since that date
he acquired property valued at over $1,-
COO.OOO.
Mrs. Henarie alleges that on February
9 last, Henarle, without consideration. In
dorsed the shares of stock sued for and
conveyed them to Radgesky a* a pretend
ed gift, without the consent of the plaint
iff to her irreparable Injury and damage.
Hence she prays that the court restrain
the defendant from transferring the
stoc'*: that he be compelled to account
for I. if profit of the stock and reconvey it
to the plaintiff. );;'i
In an accompanying affidavit Mrs.
Henarie complains that for nix or seven
years prior to her husband's death he was
"weak and sick and entirely under the
control and dominion of Radgesky," who
"by hiH machinations and wicKed and Ille
gal and unlawful acts so unduly influ
enced and controlled the mind of the de
ceased that he had no power or will to
do anything In business, except as the de
fendant might direct him. During this
period in which Raitgesky so exercised
this control the deceased could not and
would not accept any social recognition
from his friends unless he tlrst obtained
Ha<lKi'skv's permission, and consequently
the defendant estranged and alienated all
the friends of Henarie."
Continuing Mrs. Henarie says that
"Radgesky, to further carry out the ne
farious scheme to enrich himself at the
expense of the community property of the
marriage, caused old employes of
Henarie s in the business to be discharg
ed and would not allow other employes to
talk to the deceased or be with him under
a penalty of dismissal from such employ
ment." __,
EAGLES AT THE ORPHETTM.
Emonds and Emerson Given a Sur
prise by Local Members of the
Order.
Two hundred and fifty San, Francisco
Eagles Invaded the Orpheum last even
ing and occupied the front seats, where
they waited for the cue'- to turn .them
selves loose. It was a nice little surprise
party arranged by the local member* of
the order for the benefit of two stray
eaglets from Chicago who are doing a
turn at the Orpheum, and the cue came
with the appearance of Emonds. Emer
son and Emonds In their farce, "Only a
Joke. , '■'
Then the surprise was sprung, and the
outsiders among the spectators were Im
mediately aware that there was "some
thing doing." but Just what it was they
had no means of knowing.- However.
Emerson and Emonds were not slow to
realize that there was another "Joke" in
the house, and they put the audience next
by a cleverly worded reference to a
striking floral eagle, presented by the
local Eagles. •
That sealed it. The Eagles on the stage,
aided and abetted by Mrs. Emonds, put
forth their best efforts to repay the
Eagles In the audience for being present,
and the latter responded by keeping up a
whirlwind of applause, which proved In
fectious, as the entire audience was soon
applauding and laughing In the enjoy
ment of both the surprise and the per
formance. This exuberance of mirth did
not cease with the departure from the
stage of the actor Eagles, but continued
throughout the remainder of the even
ing. After the performance the two
Chicago Eagles were taken to a popular
cafe and given a real Bohemian banquet
which lasted until late hours. .
Civil War Veterans.
At a meeting of ttm Veterans of the
Civil War, held last "Wednesday night at
125 Eddy street, Martin Murray, the pre
siding officer, explained that the meet-
Ing was called for the purpose of taking
action in regard to what he declared was
discrimination by heads of departments
against veterans who had been appointed
or are eligible under the United States
civil service rules. The meeting was ad
dressed by John Wiggins on this subject,
and he made charges of discrimination
as to veterans by a foreman . named Sar
gent, employed In the department of
yards and docks at Mare Island.
Several others spoke on the subject and
resolutions were adopted requesting the
abolishment of the civil service rules as
now carried out as being detrimental to
the Interests of the veterans, or that they
be so modified as to carry out the bene
fits which Congress decided should ac
crue to those who served in the Civil
War. A copy of the resolution will be
forwarded to California's delegation in
Congress. _ \ ."
Worrying the Fishermen.
A few weeks ago Deputy Fish Commla-
sloner John Davis and the crew of the
Commission launch made a run in the
upper waters of the bay and confiscated
several hundred dollars' worth of stur
geon gear prohibited by law. The fisher
men were not discouraged at their lost,
but at once bought another lot. Word
was received yesterday at the office of
the Commission that Davis had seised
thirty-nine sections of sturgeon lines and
eleven anchors in Suisun Bay. off Rue
Island, also thirty sections and ten an
chors near Marsh Landing. The confis
cated gear must have cost no leaa than
$700.
THE EMPORIUM. . , .
*tr**»»»»999» W 999W999999V
I Furniture $
I Specials. ]
\ Useful and sensible
[Christmas presents, these 5
[ — on special sale to-day 5j
f (Friday) only : 3j
{ Solid Oak Tablo — M facile"^
* high, 15 intheu across the top. with •*
[ convenient shelf below — regularly t
f $I.2s— special to-day only- 630 %
} WillOW Rook or— and com- fc
I fortable, with high back and roll all X
£ around, a durable $5 chair- M »pc- •*
£ cial sale to-day only $3*/ 5 j^
i Morris Chair— oak or mahogany •*
C finished frame, handsomely upholstered 1
I' in a variety of colors— regular $8.50, t
\[ on special sale to-day only.... s7. <■?£> *
t Parlor Chairs — mahogany "«
if frames, highly polished, either Roman M
? arm or Reception style — regularly $7, \g
f ;S and 49 each- special this day only \
i $4.5 J .J
\ MuslO Cabinet — genuine ma- >x
If • hogany, fine finish, adjustable, a very .*
£ graceful piece of furniture — regularly -J
£■ *13.50— special to-day m\y.stU.7s %
* Parlor Suit* — I pieces— sofa, -J
k * arm chair and reception chair — uphol- \
i, stercd in pretty damasks and velours. %
* well made, regularly $22.50— special J*
J. at ..: $18.73 ~{
* Book Case polbhed oak, ••
S with glass door, adjustable shelve.-*, <
If very roomy — regularly $224J0— special 'l
X to-day 0n1y...: $liS.k:S *
If t
s ;
I Cloak Dep't i
I Specials. |
I $12.50 Jackets. $8.45 )
X ■ >fss this new, all wool 3
** StMS\ Kersey Jacket, 4
* • //?/?!& ilk lined - I
fc VVjiLSX throughout, this *
** C^-^*V season's bent ' \g
If [5^3) style, just like *
J Mv » picture— light -J
If /\~t< tan ' c a«t or . n*^ S
if _y v''\V^ °f black ' *"
£■ &2&'S\GSr\ " iwa " regularly 5
I V%sq>sy [ \ $12uiO-on spe- *
If. U^rjOi \ \ cial sale to-day Jt
•f / \ -^ol / V \ and to-morrow '5
5 / X f^i 'A 1 VHJ» and Sat- %
* I A 'Vd^V V nrdayl-for «f
*\)\ z;Jt: $B*3 2
* >^=^r^\ Waists, J
fc* \A ** ' 3 style* of new %
If - ..■ cashmere waists, %
£ lined, handsomely braided — cardinal, -^
j^ navy or black, all sizes— regularly ;«f
If $4.00 each on special sale t«-day and *
Jf. to-morrow (Friday and Saturday)— for J
i **.79 ;?
£$1.25 Underskirts, 89c
If new "near silk" Petticoat, with two '«
If narrow ruffles on deep flounce, head*.! M
J^ with cording — colors purple, red, *
If cerise, green, new blue and lavender— «
If looks like silk— regularly $I^s— on l
5 special sale to-day and to-morrow iFri- «'
V day and Saturday')— for BQu 1
m emporium
PP P 6oldcnßNleß«zAAr.
CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST— AStEKICA'S <JKA>Dti^T STOR& I
j\ NOTHING SO 1 COOD! JM
#rtOTHINOSO COOO! a
\JS7 tTiIM HARMLESS WjT
RUBBER TIPPED RIFLE gJjfcjfllt ?}
and PISTOL for Sport and ftyJrS^SSj
Amusement ELASTIC TIP Q^^SI^J
CO., 516 Market Street. "^ **"
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED. [
DR. METERS * CO. ha»« th« !ar**«t prae- 1
tie* and beat equipped medical Institution 1
on th« Pacific Coast. EstnblUhrd 17 rear*. ■
PRIVATE BOOK and advice fr»« at office .
or by mall. All ■ latter*. ••r>nfli*nti»i. j
731 Market St., San Francisco. 1
i visit OR. JORDAN'S great i
tIUSEUI OF ANATOMY*
§ O ioaiuixx?9T.tot.»m.s.r&i.i
T qr Ta« Largnt Aiuiraical Miueiun la ih« \
A _*iijr.i._ World »mwin or any ti«DK!td A
T HtflM <!'»*•»« »»«m»»lr r»r»i hyi>iffolat»l V
0 f Ja{ fc I ipoculluca tb«Ct**t. Esl 36 year* afe
6 jfPl OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES C
A I jtSVE ■ Trt 1 m«n| p^rvinal rt by wnn a A
\I 7 ill **»J— CW« in ercry »aU«rulira» T
Am if A Writaforßoek.PHlt.Olturuy A
"I J !▼ ai*»aiiA«iat. Htiuo mil i,if
i^J i» i »»lual<l« boak for aral »
f OR J tRDA.V A CO.. 1351 Market St..& F. V
9lsi^ VITALIS
THE NEW
v.D., aJ»%. 4>»^l PRPMPU
trcr ioth Day. •»• >#L 7 rllCllullia
VITAI I*s *>»* D v jaw yW DCUEnV
XilfrU^Ni «ROT K »hD.,. REMEDY..
1 RtSI'LTa. ltqalckly«atu«l]rrtnunr7«s«rToiunou. Lo«*o«. r« I
: I>t <■•«!», Wittlo* DiH4<«il dl rftirti if rill ■>»■■ or 1 mim >
, in<li»er»tion« IU»*o««« I.mi TitalitT. Power a raUiag >!• u..-y.
W.r<u off InißiutjraadCnaompttsa. Car** whan aUotharaf*!!.'
! Intut on hum* VITA 1.1 no otb«T. Can bo c*m#d la >•>•« 1
pn«k«t. Brnail #1.0O p*r vi <>r ilx for «•*>.«)(> wtth a
|j«r»nl»» to rar* or Rafaaa Ik* Dim;. CinnUr Pr-« A S !r»««
CAH'MKT < I HE«O.. UI Dr.rborp »(.. C al*a««
Sold ib Sao Fraaciioa aad OakUad by th« Owl I*o4 Co,
I DB.PBERCES ~
GOLDEN
MEDICAL -
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOO,tLIVER.ILiINGS.
REYNOLD'S
PftllT— paci —
19 mM I : * ' ' j
B be confined by
Goutor Rheumatism, if .nth* first approach
of tn« paroxy.m they have recourse to this rem-
edy • then, a «lngle d.** \* often *ufncMM.
V- FOCtiEnA A. CO.. a«.»o.'«.wiiii««.»t % V.
..^^^febft^a Big *» m • .potaonr«>t|
A4 '^fl^^^^ v^im r-:ii'<ljf for tJoaorrhcr*.
V®^'t^CUE» < *^ '••- ' Sp«rmatotrh»%
P*Z& la 1 tos«ar*.>lK V". hitw, unnatural *»
Btj&r OunamJ Q rliari^Ji, or aoy lnu»-»o»«
nCW sat u> stricter*. tlon. trrltatioa or ui.rrv
1 |»— <lrr»T«ou nia«agl»«. tico of o/iconi Ci-rj.
jgSlrHlEymOHtturi. Cq *'"»>'•. tna«r ;i i.
Vfl^cmciajuruo ■ I **'» ld Or «a-»«*t», ,
V£s£l r - i >3/ <" saot la plain wripw
2^S»J" * Vvn t>7 •xpr»*»i Prepaid, fi*
<iJ@ffife^B^*>V>ial fioo. or * «•«!**. *4.ri.
fc VSagggggrV^ H Orccuf hum n>*i«j»a»
56
FR1DAY.............. DECEMBER 15. 189.)
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications 10 W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
II Mile I |..\ OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Trlrpbone Main 1808.
EDITORIAL. BOOM! 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*. 1.1 Cent* Per "Week.
Mnelc ( Optra, ft Cent*.
Tern?" by Mall. Including: Pontages
DAILY CALL. <inolndln(r MmilnO. one year . .««.<>«»
DAILY CALL ( Including *undn> t. «i month*. . Ml
li * ll. \ CALL < Including *»un«lny>. :t nionthn. . IMO
DAILY < U,ly— ll)' singlr Month «»."•«•
MMMV CAIX One Year LRO
WKICKI.Y CALL One Year LOO
All ponttuaatrm lire authorized to receive
■ nhacrtption*.
>r.i.iple copies will be forwarded üben requested
OAKLAXD OFFICE DOS nrondtrar
C GEORGE KROG\E«S.
Manager rorrlgu Advertising. Maranette Hutld
tug. Chicago.
SEW YORK COIIItKSPOXDEVTi
C C. CAULTOX Herald Sana re
11 m YORK hi mi »i:>t\tivi:i
PCniCY LCKBXS Jit 29 Tribune Bnlldlns
CHICAGO M \\ •> STANDS i
Sherman ■■—■I P. O. Xerrit fo.i Great North
ern llotrli - Mum llonmei Andltorlam Hotel.
M \\ yokk IBITI staxdsi
Waldort- \«iorlH 1 1 •> •- 1 . A. llrrntano. 31 Union
tSqnare: >lnrr»> Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON <Vt. C.» OFFICK. \\r]lli. ton Hotel
J. F. D'ULIMI, Correspondent.
DR.%\CII urn. v — Montßomcrr mtrret. eor
»it-r < lii». up. n until :•:.;<■ oVlork. :{(N) lfn>e^
»ir.et. open until DISO oVlork. iUiU MoAlllater
"""•i. open until l»t:to o'eloeXt. «115 l.nrkln
■ treel. open until !»i:t«» o'clock. l!»»l Mlimlon
wlreet, open until ]<» o'clock. 22U1 Market
street, corner Mxtecnth, open until it o'clock.
1000 \iileneia *trect, open until •» o'clock.
100 Eleventh »lrr<l. open until »♦ o'clock.
\\\. corner T«rcnt;-»econd and Kentucky I
mtr^ftn, open until ii o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS. '
Orr-h*urn— Vaafln-11>.
Columbia— "Th» Llon't Mouth."
CaJlfom'.a— "Th« Epartlni : niche**."
Tivoli— "T^ir and Tartar."
<?rand Opera-hfouse— "The Ch!m*« of Normandy."
Alcazar— 'Mother Earth."
Alhambra— Gecrrla Mlotrela,
Chutoi. Zoo aad Theater— VatiflerUl* every afternoon and
Olj-mpla. corner Mascn and EKlt 'trwts-Speclaltles.
Central Park— Eteeplechaae and Ccney Island.
Panorama Battle cf Manila, Bay. Market street, near
Kltr.th.
Western Tnrf Aeaoclatlon. Fan Vateo County— llacea,
AUCTION SALES.
nrtrr» 4 Dofld— Thli day. at 10:88 o'clock. Diamonds
Watche.. *tc. at C» Market street.
By E. S. Spear & Co.-ThU day. at 11 o'clock. Books, at SI
nrn?a.^ :^f > Vale^a^e^ '' December 18. at 11 o'clock.
IMPROVING OAKLAND.
OLAND seems about to embark upon cer
-ucrpnses to make the best use
clous natural advantages oi her
ity for a large amount is always a se
er, and due care should be taken that it is
good and that any element of
be eliminated. In the Oakland
;uuld be wisely considered. The
:ssue should make ample provision for
which draws to the best advantage for
I
tbe < -editions there are such that a
variety and benefit may
be ea- <i.
In the first place that city needs an ample park
area, well improved, at what has aptly been called her
"front door." The West Oakland marsh land, long
an eyesore, is capable of transformation into a beauti
ful field of sward and shrubbery that will at once at
tract the eye of every incoming traveler. Its influence
upon the prosperity and growth of the city will be
Rrcatr- than almost anything else that the public can
provide. There is no other city on the coast that has
the facilities for an equally beautiful park and
pleasure-ground exhibited to the eyes of all travelers
who approach or pass it Then in Lake Mcrritt Oak
land has already a water park of singular beauty. If
surrounded by a wide boulevard and connected with
the West Oakland Park by I well ornamented street
the two would make a park system matchless in
ever}' beauty and facility which parks can supply. If
a foothiil park be added, so located as to make a
complete chain, connected by ample driveways, we
do not hesitate to say that Oakland may rest in the
conviction that she overmatches all cities on the con
tinent in her park facilities as an inducement to the
best cla«s of residents.
N° ri to neglect improrement of all
mities to attract residents. Commercial
value, certainly, but men of commerre
trade for the profits which will procure the
domestic comforts which make life pleasant. By the
provision of such a lyrtesi of parks Oakland will
her population doubled in the next ten
Around us in the valleys and above us in the
mountains are thousand* of men delring hard for for
tunes. Whrn they are acquired their winners dream
of a home in some pleasant place where the families
they toil for may have even,' advantage of health,
iety. Having the means to live where
- motive, lead them, they are free seekers, and.
when they find, are valuable members of the com
munity.
With what Ac may now provide Oakland will
easily become the favorite residence city of the coast,
and with such increase in her population as will come
the may not long remain behind any other in the
volume of her commerce We know of no other di
rection in which she can make a public effort of equal
advantage to her and to the State. Fortunately its
accomplishment u4 the rucce:s wLlv.li »ill fallow «f
entirely in her own control. No rival can bar her nor
hinder the effort, and none can take away the sure
results which will follow.
Munlcrpal officials in all parts of California receive
much more abuse than praise, and yet the personnel
and the proceedings of the Municipal League con
vention in this city show that we have really a set of
municipal officials of whom any State might be proud
It is but fair play that telephone nickel-in-th'
machinei should be taxed for the benefit of the puh-
Ot they impose a very heavy tax upon the pub
lic for the benefit of the company.
By the time the people devise a means of breaking
up criminal trusts there won't be any trusts of any
kind, for all of them will have reorganized in new
combinations under new names. . " ---■-■
THE COST OF WAR.
\A ANY estimates have been made of the
/ \ economic losses of war. Nearly all the great
• national debts have been created by war.* So
large have many of these debts become that the pay
ment of the principal has been abandoned and only
the interest is taken care of in the annual budget. The
debt of England is almost entirely a war debt, and
every campaign adds to it. Her present aggression
against the South African republics has cost $50,000,
000, which is added to her burdens as a permanent
charge upon her people, and it may easily cost many
times that sum before she enjoys peace with honor
in the Dark Continent. All the other European na
tions are groaning under war debts and the annual
charge of armaments, which yearly increase in their
weight and cost.
The United. States is the only country that has un
dertaken to pay off a war debt. The cost of our Civil
War left nearly two billions of debt upon us. This
had steadily declined until it fell below the billion
line and its extinction seemed to be in sight. But
now the national debt has turned and has risen above
that line, and how far it may go in the wrong direc
tion no one can foresee.
An examination of this country's balance-sheet
wi!l enlighten the taxpayer upon the cost of war. Ths
total income of the United States treasury for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1899, was $610,982,004 35.
The total outgo for the same period was $700,093,
564 02, leaving a deficit of $89,111,559 67, which of
course must be made up by taxation.
When the expenditures are dissected the war cost
. comes into startling prominence. Of the whole ex
penditure $403,075,212 81 went for war, including the
pension payment. This left only $207,018,351 81 to be
I expended for the ordinary, proper purposes of civil
' government. The total outstanding national debt
■>87.094,427 92, the. highest point reached since
1882. For twenty-one years prior to the beginning
'■ <if the Spanish war Feder.il taxation had varied from
>4 50 to $5 50 per head of population. The taxation
j per capita in 1898 was $4 56, and the expenditure
iIS 9«5 per capita. For the fiscnl year ending June 30,
j iftio. the taxation was $6 54 and the expenditure
$r 95 per capita.
Under the Hayes administration the per capita ex
penditure was from $4 9S to $5 46; under Arthur it
was $4 63 to $4 94; under Cleveland's first term it
was $4 22 to $4 88; under Harrison it was $5 07 »o
$5 73', under Cleveland's second term it began at
-. fell to $4 93 and closed at $5 01. The average
under those five Presidential terms was $4 97. This
has risen now, due to war expenditures solely; to $7 95
in the last fiscal year, with a prospect of going still
higher before our military troubles are over.
In view of its cost even- effort to hinder the out
break of war should deserve the sympathy of tax
payers in every country. The expense comes finally
out of the substance of the people and is not offset,
as a rule, by any compensating benefit.
THE MUNICIPALITIES CONVENTION
SECRETARY MASON'S report of the work
accomplished by the League of Californian
Municipalities during the past year affords
ample grounds for supporting, high expectations of
even better work in the year to come. The attend
ance upon the league convention has been excep
tionally good. The gathering is not only large, but
i is thoroughly representative of the progressive muni
; cipalities of the State, and the tone of the proceedings
shows an earnest desire to bring about among the
■ cities of the State that cordial co-operation which is
essential to the best results.
cry step in municipal progress under our sys
| tern of government has to be preceded by a campaign
i of education for the purpose of convincing the peo
! pie of the benefits to be derived from it. Not until
I a majority of the voters in any instance, and very
frequently not until two-thirds of them, have been
brought to understand the value of improvements
[ can anything of an extensive nature be undertaken.
That fact renders the educational work of municipal
politics an important feature in our government, and
tzixes a hiph value to whatever aids it. The work of
the League of Municipalities is distinctly beneficial
iin that way. The present convention, for example,
even if it do no more, will at least have the effect of
directing public attention to municipal problems and
thus prepare the way for a better understanding of
them when they arise in any issue of local develop
ment.
As was well said by Mayor Snow of Oakland in
i rpeaking of the future work of the league: "Less
knowledge of municipal affairs than we as officers
piMWM would make pessimists of us all. Public
opinion is so slow to be won. misunderstanding of
the real intent of municipal legislation is so common,
i it is of the greatest importance that the citizen be
! informed of the successful efforts of other cities be
j fore he gives up in despair for his own." That work
of instruction the league is carrying out with marked
I success. There can be no doubt that improvement in
j one city tends to encourage officials elsewhere to
| emulate the example, and when the co-operation of
j a strong body of official support is given such efforts
; have a much better chance of success than would
otherwise attend them. That support is assure i
{ through the league, and every municipality in Cali
; fornia has reason to give thanks to the enterprising
: and public-spirited officials who have promoted it
I and are making it more and more widely useful.
A NEW IDEA FROM KANSAS.
\A ANY resolutions providing for amendments
/ \ to the constitution will be submitted at this
session of Congress, but there is only one
thus far announced which has sufficient charm to
make it- thrilling to San Francisco. That happy
thought in the way of an amendment originated in
the mind of Reeder of Kansas. It provides that Con
gress shall meet alternately in the East and in the
West— that during one year the seat of government
shall be cast of the Mississippi and during the next
year it shall be somewhere in the West.
I >:' course if the Government is to come far enough
West to balance Washington City it must come to
Sao Francisco. It could not stoo half n« «•;♦»,«,.»
doing mjattke to the amendment and to the country.
The matter could be arranged so as not to conflict
with State affairs, and we could thus have the Legis
lature in session one winter and Congress in session
next winter, and everything would be harmonioui
and serene.
It has been repeatedly averted hy the press of 803
' on. New York, Philadelphia and Baltimore that Con
r.-c^s neglects the Atlantic seaboard and gives nearly
all of its attention and appropriations to the West It
is argued that this is due to the fact that Congressmen
beim: familiar with the Eastern States, hare become
indifferent to them, while the imaginations of the
statesmen are excited by thoughts of the unfamiliar
boundless West, and they vote any amount of money
to improve Western rivers and adorn Western cities
with public buildings.
That being so. it will be of great advantage to the
Atlantic coast to have Congress meet every other
THE PAN TP A3Sf CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1899.
year in this city, from which point it can take a
birdseye view of .Bosto'i and treat that neglected
place with the consideration which has hitherto been
accorded to San Francisco.
Xor will the benefits be confined wholly to the At
lantic coast towns. Congrc?s it?clf will benefit in
the change of air and of view. Hardly anything
could give our public officials more gratification in
their work or more encourage them in thei
labors for the public than for the whole governmental
body, from the President to the clerks of committees,
to come out here and behold the stately ' Federal
building and other vast public works the Govern
nicnt has undertaken here. Mr. Reeder of Kansas v
a Sunflower statesman with a head on him, and it is
to be hoped his proposed amendment will not be lost
in a pigeon-hole.
TELEPHONE SLOT MACHINES
\A AVOR PHELAN in addressing the conven
/ \ tion of the League of Californian Municipali
ties referred to the tax problems which will
confront San Francisco under the new charter and
advocated an increase of the taxes upon licenses.
In the course of his remarks he is reported to have
said: "We have 10,000 nickel-in-the-slot telephone
machines in this city which, if properly taxed, would
yield the city a revenue of from $50,000 to $60,000
annually."
The Mayor'? estimate was given in. round numbers
and underrates the revenue that might be derived in
the way raj At a recent consideration of the
subject by the License Committee of the Board of
Supervisors the testimony given showed there arc
about 11,000 nickel-in-the-slot telephones operated
in San Francisco. If there were levied upon
these an adequate tax the income to the municipality
would go far toward making up the deficit in license
taxes which will otherwise follow from the adoption
of the new charter.
The present Board of Supervisors has already
taken steps toward the imposition of the desired tax.
A resolution to that etTect was introduced some time
ago. That resolution, as was pointed out by The Call
yesterday, has been delayed upon one pretext or
another until this time. It is now in the hands of
City Attorney Lane, to whom it was referred for a
report upon its validity. Mr. Lane cannot be ignor
ant of the fact that the telephone company is seek
ing delay, nor of the further fact that the delay has
reached a point where it has become dangerous.
The term of the present board will soon expire, and
from every point of view it is desirable that his re
port be filed in time for the Supervisors to take final
action at their meeting on Monday.
In addition to imposing the license tax the resolu
tions as introduced contained the further excellent
provision that the telephone employes should make
the switch desired before requiring the patron of the
line to drop the nickel in the slot. Und^r the present
system of doing business the company plays the
"gouge game" upon the public, for frequently after
the nicicel lias been dropped in the slot and is beyond
recovery, the patron is told the line is engaged, the
party is not in, to come back another time, or given
some other impertinence in exchange for his money.
If he persist in demanding his rights the "buzzer" is
turned upon him and he has no recourse.
The resolutions now before the board are then
doubly commendable by reason of the fact that they
provide for protecting the patron as well as for im
posing a license tax upon the company. If these reso
lutions be returned in time their passage can be relied
upon, for the present Board of Supervisors has
proven itself faithful to the interests of the people and
has made a high record for efficiency in office. Upon
Mr. Lane, therefore, rests the responsibility of the sit
uation. Secretary Eaton, to whom the company has
entrusted the management of its fight, will lay his
conduits and provide free wires to back yards in vain.
Such at any rate is the outlook, and if Mr. Lane de
lays to make his report in time for the board to act.
the people will know whom to blame.
POPULAR INTEREST AROUSED.
rOR many years students of American politics
have been agreed that much of the evil of muni
cipal administration and the comparative lack of
progress in the way of improvement have been due
to a neglect of local affairs by business men and tax
payers generally. That San Francisco has suffered
from that defect of citizenship in the past is not to
be disputed, but fortunately the outlook at present
gives promise of better things. The earnestness with
which citizens of all clas?es have entered upon the
work of the campaign for the proposed bond issujs
shows' that popular interest in these important local
measures has been aroused, and there are now sound
reasons for the sanguine hope that at each election
the necessary two-thirds vote will be cast on the side
of progress and improvement.
The objections urged against the plan of park ex
tension have been met fairly and thoroughly refuted.
It has been made clear to the taxpayers that the
amount of money required for the improvements will
be small in comparison with the benefits sure to be
derived from the completed work; that the entire
sum raised for the extension will be expended for
home labor and home material and will therefore re
turn at once to the channels of local trade; that the
additional park area to be provided will serve the
poor even more than the rich, and benefit pedestrians
as much as those who have command of horses and
carringes; and that the amount of grading to be done
will not injure the surrounding property nor entail
an unreasonable expenditure of money.
Since the campaign of education on the subject be
gan there has been shown continuously a gratifying
evidence of popular support in every district of the
city. The various improvement clubs organized for
local work have cordially combined for co-operation
in promoting the new movement that is to benefit
the whole city, and along with them has come to the
aid of the movement all that great body of progres
sive citizens who have noted the good work of the
improvement clubs in the past and are willing to
sustain them in the enterprises of the future.
There will never come to San Francisco an oppor
tunity more favorable to improvement than that
which we nowL enjoy. It is fairly certain that never
in future years would the city be able to purchase the
land required for the park extension so cheaply as at
present, and it is therefore a matter of wise economy
to make the investment now. Moreover, the city has
had a year of prosperity and looks forward to another
year of even greater business activity. It will be easy
for the taxpayers to bear the taxes required to meet
the interest on the bonds and orovide the sinking
fund, and the burden will be made the lighter by
reason of the fact that the increased work caused by
the improvements will provide wages fo/ laboring
men and help to spread the blessing of prosperity
into the homes of all.
San Frnncisro is to he "a continuing city." to use
President Jordan*! phrase, and will advance steadily
fr-rward in every branch of municipal development.
Such, at any rate, is the promise of the new era made
evident by the popular interest now taken in the
pending questions of public improvement.
IN ALL WARS, IN ALL COUNTRIES, THIS IS "THE MAN BEHIND THE GUN."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. E. R. Stltt. U. B. NNt. t Is at the
PaJaco.
F. D. Cobb. a merchant of Stockton. Is
a guest at the Lick.
Lieutenant Gates Stirling, U. S. N., I* a
guest at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. S. K. Dougherty of Santa
Eton :ire at the Occidental.
Lester Walker, an influential attorney
of Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. George B. Lawrason. U. S. A.. Is
making a short stay at the Palace.
William Beckman, the Sacramento
banker, is registered at the Grand.
Dr. B. R. Wood, U. 8. N.. Is one of the
arrivals of yesterday at the Palace.
J. M. Bee. a mining capitalist of Kings
ton, Ariz.. Is among the recent arrivals at
the Grand.
Charles L. Morrill. a wealthy oil specu
lator of Coalinga, Is among the late ar
rivals at the Lick.
T. S. R. Prentlss, a leading business
man of Clerkland, Or., Is among those
who arrived yesterday at the Occidental.
Railroad Commissioner E. W. B. Ed
son has come down from his home in
Clazelle and Is staying at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. John S. Cravens, two ?o
people of Pasadena, are at the Pal
ace while on a short pleasure trip to this
city.
H. M. Terlngton, a well-known capital-
Ist of Carson, Nev., Is at the Palace, where
he arrived yesterday accompanied by his
wife.
Samuel It, Bhortrldge has returned to
the city, having visited Los Angeles. San
Diego and other places in Southern Cali
fornia.
A. B. Relther and Frank E. Curtis, two
hotel men of Maine, who are out to the
coast on a visit of pleasure, are staying
at the Place.
Miss Ida Stevenson of Bloomlngton. 111.,
niece of ex-Vice President Adlai E.
Stevenson. Is visiting this city and Is a
guest of Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Leake at the
I'alace Hotel.
Hermann Schberfenbaum and Adolph
de Arts, two German business men, are
at the 'California, They have lately re
turn*! from the Orient on one of the
steamers of the new Kmmoi line.
George Greenwood, E. H. Peixotto and
Joseph Kahn have Just returned from the
southern part of the State, where they
have been for some time past looking
after their business interests.
George I. Gnrdan. a Nevada capitalist,
who Is Interested In nearly every class of
Industry In his State, Is at the Grand,
where he arrived yesterday on a visit to
this city which combines business and
I>Uasure.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sullivan, who went
to New York to meet Miss Mollle Phelan
on her return from Europe, returned
home last evening. In the party besides
those mentioned were Miss Maul and Mr.
Duval of New York, a nephew of Mrs.
Phelan and cousin of the Mayor. Acting
under the Instructions of Dr. Bazet, the
family physician, Miss Phelan and Mrs.
Sullivan did. not see their mother last
evening, but postponed the meeting until
this morning.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14-John D.
Spreckels of San Francisco and J. B.
Alexander of Los Angeles are at the
Shbreham; Winfleld Scott of San Fran
cisco, secretary of the Vltlculturlst Asso
ciation, Is In Washington; J. McMullen of
the Atlantic. Pacific and Gulf Construc
tion Company of San Francisco Is at the
Arlington.
• ♦ ■
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A QUARTER OF lsnf_E. X.. City The
selling price of a quarter of 1806 Is from
65 cents to Jl.
JOBEPH CHAMBERLAIN-J. L., Grass
Valley, Cal. Joseph Chamberlain, the
Colonial Secretary, was born In London
July, 1836.
NO PREMIUM-J. C., City. By a typo
graphical error In a newspaper that was
not corrected It was made to appear that
a dollar of 1894 commanded a premium of
$1000. As there were millions of dollars
coined that year there Is no scarcity of
them. It la the dollar of 1804 that com
mands a high premium.
ONCE MORE THE CENTURY-O. P.
W.. City. If when you realize the fact
that It takes one hundred years to com
plete a century you can satisfy yourself
or any one else that 1899 years complete
nineteen centuries or nineteen hundred
years this department will be pleased to
publish your explanation that the year
1899 closes the nineteenth century and
with 1900 commences the twentieth cen
tury, but until you can prove that with
out the possibility of doubt this depart
ment will rest content to assert that the
next century commences with the first
day of the year 1901.
NAMES FOR A BOY— B. H.. Ukiah,
Cal. The following are Christian names
commencing with II for a boy: Hannibal,
meaning grace of Baal; Harrold. cham
pion or general of an army; ilt-man,i lt-man, faith
ful; Hector, stout defender; Henry, the
head or chief of. a house; Herbert, glory
of the army; Hercules, lordly fame; Her
man, warrior; Hczeklah, strength of the
t . -.1 . ti11..—.. ..I. «f..l ...,__... vii, i *
praise; Hiram, most noble; Homor
pledge, secrecy; Horace and Horatlon.
meaning uncertain, but Raid to be worthy
to behold; Hntsea, salvation; Howell
sound, whole; Hubert, bright in spirit
Hugh and Hugo, mind, spirit, soul; Hum
phrey, protector of home.
STRAWBERRY-N. H. F.. Loomls. Cal.
How and where the strawberry derived its
name no one knows, but it la generally
believed that the plant derives its name
from the resemblance of its runners to
straws or from the wandering habit of
tii.- plant, strawberry meaning stray
b.rry. There are a number of books on
the culture of strawberries, which can be
obtained through any first class book
seller. It would he difficult to tell which
of these is the best, as the rules laid
down In one book may be good for one
section of th» country and not adapted to
another The latest works are probably
those which privc tho most Information
PIGEONS-R. M. 8.. Oolden Gate Pal
To raise pigeons for profit they should be
well fed and also given liberty. To can
tine them in an aviary Is not always foT
the best For the profitable ko.pin* of
pigeons It Is necessary to have a prop
erly constructed dovecote divided Into
, cells, a cell for each pair, each cell 1*
Inches broad by 12 from back to front ant
the door toward one side so that the n^i
may not be seen from without. There
must "be a slip of wood In front of each
cell for the birds to sit and coo on. The
dovecote must be frequently cleaned,
otherwise it may probably be deserted by
its occupants. It ought to be painted
white, that color being very attractive to
pigeons and lessening the difficulty of re
taining them when n new dovecote Is es
tablished. Pigeons begin to breed at the
age of nine months and breed every
month, except hi cold -weather. Any
tlrst-class bookseller can procure for you
I books on pigeons.
STAGE FEVER-L. 0.. City. You seem
t'. have the staxe fever very bad. If you
have, as you write, "strong dramatic tal
ent, but only a common school educa
tion," would suggest that you devote a
portion of your time to the study of the
English language. Then do as did a great
many actors who became prominent-
Frank Mayo, for Instance. Go behind the
scenes, assist the property man, carefully
watch the actors and actresst-s who are
learned in their art, become conversant
with all the little tricks of the profes
sion, take small parts, such as that of
lackey and repeat the lines, "My lord, the
carriage waits." but do it well, and In the
course of time you will have an opportuni
ty t" assume more difficult roles, and if
you have that dramatic talent you believe
you have It will make itself manifest.
Then you may some day shine as a great
star. You must not think that because
you can recite a soliloquy from Shake
speare you are a natural-born actor.
Learn first to be a basket boy, supe and
tant property man and If you are
destined to be an actor it will not be many
years before managers will discover that
fact.'
Copies of The Call's great
Christmas Edition, tvrapped
and ready for mailing, can
be obtained at all nttta deal
ers', or at The Call business
office. Please place your or
der at once, as the supply
zvill be limited.
FRATERNAL
ELECTIONS
Olympus Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West has elected the following officers
for the ensuing term: Mark A. Devlne. past
president: William Abbott Jr.. president; Jo
seph C. Hcrold, Frank Slattery and Julius Epp
steln, vice president* ; R. A. Cranston, mar
shal: J. T. Cosgrove. recording secretary; An
drew Mocker, financial secretary; Julius Fran
kel, trustee.
National Parlor. N. S. G. W.. has elected:
D. W. Nunan. president; Frank Silver. Charles
Huffschmldt and R. L. Radke. vice presidents;
W. O. Dlxon. marshal: W. B. Larklns. flnan- :
clal secretary; W. V. Doug v ty. recording sevre- '
tary; P. U. Ju ly. treasurer: F. P. Wehe and ,
Frederick Kruger, trustees; Dr. Nathan Roarers.
surgeon.
Mishion Parlor, N. S. Q. W.. haa elected: Del
• ey. president; F. A. Tlbbets. E. A. Ol
ruwskl and 11. L. A. Maas. vice presidents; j
Henry Koch, marshal; George Long Jr re
cording secretary; H. L. Herman, financial
secretary: Frank H. Mills, trustee, and Dr.
J. A. Black, curgeon.
Darlna Parlor of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West has elected the following
named for the ensuing term as Its officers: Mrs ■
Minnie Kallock, pant president. Jesnle Creigh- j
Urn, Pestilent; Krnma Kalph. itenevleve Car
roll and Lela Zlegler, vice presidents; Lude B.
Hammersmith, recording secretary. Anna Bai- '
ley, financial secretary, Kathryn M. *Jough
marithal; Myrtle Lleg. organist; Margaret Ring'
Inside sentinel; Kllxabeth Clark, outside sentl
•nnia I Marks. Lillian Hamilton and
I-anny Edwards, trustees; Dr. L. M. F. Wan
rer, surgeon.
Buena Vista Parlor, N. D. O. W.. has elected
the following named fir the ensuing term
Mollta F. Long, past president: Lueta Neubarth
it. Kmma Manning. Mar) 1-aiin.gun and
Anna Betowskl. vice presidents; Alice Ticoulet.
il; Mrs. H. M. Cref-ne. recording secre
tar>'i Mamie Wells, financial secretary Mm
Eva Sheejin«». treasurer; Mrs. M Morgan ln-
Mdc sentinel; May Brady outside sentinel: Tll
lle Braver. Misa M. F. Wilton and Miss Ella
Knox. trustees; Annie .S!nip«on organist
Marliuia Bertola. Frances Spray and Florence
Ward, surgeons.
California Rebekah Lodge has elected for the
ensuing term: Mrs. Margaret Reed, noble
grand; Mrs. Minnie Homier, vice grand' Bella
Shule. recording secretary; Mrs. Mary A Haw
ley, financial secretary ire-elected for the nine
teenth year); Annie M. Lewis, treasurer
Templar Kebekah Lodge has elected: Mrs
Dale Warford, noble grand: Teasle Hopkins
vice grand; Winneford Dowle. secretary Delia
Spinney, treasurer.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge has elected: Mn.
Margaret Derby noble grand. Mrs. Allle Par'
ker. vice grand: Amy X Webb, secretary
Emily C Lincoln, treasurer.
Amity Kebrkah Lodga ha* elected: Leia '
Zelvler. noble grand: Miss A. Hradley vie* i
grand; Ida Allen, recording secretary' Mrs '
Julia Olbba, financial secretary; Mrs M
Thompson, treasurer.
Loyal Rebekah Ludge nan elected : Mlm Mar
gery Jennings, noble grand; Emily Braver vice
grand: Ella K. Bourne, treasurer; Fannie J '
Daniels, recording secretary.
Palo Alto Circle. Companions of the Forest
ers of America, haa elected the following as
its of fleers for the enrulng term: Isabel Ptnk
son. chief companion; Hadle Mund vice chief
Rose Ka*par. recording necretary; M Rauheld'
financial kecretary; Mrs. M. Ja< obs treasurer' I
Leah Esberg. right gui.l.-. Ur.i Khrllch left
guide: Leon Plnk»on, Inside guard- Pauline
Aan.n. outside guard; Ha.ldee Ilaum organ
ist; Kmll Kahn. trim.-.- ' *
I. iv Oak Circle. Companions of the Forest
of America, has elected: Mrs. M. J. Spellman
chief companion; Alice Hartwlck nub-, hlef '
Mr* F. J N Stelnweg. recording »ecretnry :
N. Rahman, financial secretary; Agnes
OKeefe, tremurer; Miss H. Oannon, right
guide; Kate Campbell, left guide Mrs F
Marge,, inolde guard: Mrs. M. founders, outside
guard: Mrs. I go. organist; Dr. A. P Wood
ward, lurgcon.
Loyal Circle Companions of the Forest (An
cient Order) has elected: Mrs. Annie Proal.
chief companion; Annie Page. »ul>-chj«-f M
E Bailey, treasurer; Florence If. Morrow'
financial secretary; Annie Senna, recording
secretary; Mary Large, right guide. Belle Bur
ton, left guide; Mary Van Horn. Inside guard;
Mary Wllklne. outside guard; France* Brod
erlck. organl«t.
Harmony Lodge of the Fraternal Brotherhood
has elected the following officers for th» en
suing term: II P. Plntt. president Mrs r
J. Sweeney, past president; 11. a Barclay'
rice president; Oeorge Norton, secretary. Mm'
Ada Norton, tr-asure*; Mrs. Louts* Fo r h»s.
chaplain; John i ronln. sergeant: charlea
Itunby. master at arms; Michael never lun-r
o«or keeper: Dm. Charles T. Abbott and E R
Mt-rcer, medical examiners.
Mission Lodge No. 1«9 haa elected the follow
ing named as Its officers for the approaching
term: Charles A. Day. worshipful master-
Charles F Llbhy. senior warden; William C.
Ordway, junior warden. C,»-orge I>. Flack
treasurer; Charlen I). Bunker, secretary. The
Installation of these and of the appointed of
ficer* will take place on the 2<>th Inst.
Court Seal Knrk. Foresters at Am.-rlca, haa
chosen the following officer* to serve during the
next term: Charles M. Troppmann. chief ran
ger; Elwood K. Hill, sub-chief; Edward Ooffa
ney. treasurer: Fr>> Irrlck N" Bauer, financial
secretary: 11. J Willis, r^ordlng secretary; A.
W. Roberts, senior woodward; H. Van LMeken, |
Junior woodward; O. D. Hart. Motor beadle:
J. B. Ryan. Junior beadle; D. B. Cannlenael.
trustee; Dr. A. K. Ilappersberger, court phr
ilclan |
The following named will Mn re next term *•
the officer* of Rtncon Parlor of th« Native Sons
of the Golden W«t. Peter F. Mertes. prenl
dent: George W. Korta. Charles Clancy and A.
J. Rocca, rice preiidenta; I* K. H&cf>nkamp,
•ecretary (re-elected); W. E. Foley, (inanrial
aecretry (re-elected); Jan •■ Hannan. marshal •„
Ueorice Mrl^iUKhlln. truatee; Dr. D. F. Rar*n
and Dr. W. W. \V> mor», surf eons.
El Dorado Parlor. Native Sam of the OoM*Q
"lit, has elected: W. J. <}u:ni-.»n.". president:
E. P. Ejan. J. Greeley and J. C. Uarttn. new
pre^lrlentj; John Q. Jory, recording; aecr»tary;
Frank A. Svilth. financial secretary: R. ilorto«r
treasurer; (ieorf* I* Suhr. marshal; Frederick
L.. Reibei. trustee.
The officers who will serve California Parl«r
No. 1 for the next term m Louis Larax*.
pr.-*l<!<-nt; William D. Ilobro Jr., John F. I,ln»
nan and W. C. Rowlands, vice president* :
James J. Jamison. recording secretary (r«
elected); D. F. Hanlon. financial secretary: C.
Myron Wolff, marshal; Dr. BenJamlruF. Clarke,
It. John M. Hetnlmann. Dr. Howard H»rrin»
ton. Dr. D. D. Luatlg. Dr. Thomas Conrad and
Dr. 1.. H. Hoffman, surgeons; Frank P. Sher
man, trustee; William 11. StanleU. collector:
Robert 11. Morse. organist.
Lincoln Relief Corps No I. auxiliary to th»
Grand Army of the Republic, has elected th«
following officers for the year 1900. Dot 8. Mor
timer, president: Josephine Robinson, senior
vie* president ; Mary E. Mulcahy. Junior view
president; Mary Furgeson. treasurer; Carrla
Robinson, chaplain; Mary Parollnl. conductor:
Jennie F. Houghton, guard.
Th« following named arc th» offl<*rß of Ooort
Junior Prld* of Pacific No. 4. F. of A., for th<»
ensuing term: I. Levy, Junior paat chief ran
ger; J. Kallman. chief ranger; A S. F*mu«l».
sub-chief ranger; I. Levy, treasurer; I. O. Xu
ser, financial secretary; Hail Franm. recordtns:
secretary: 8. Goldstein, senior an her. E. Ohl-
Mlll. senor beadle: A. Michaels. Junior beadle;
Dr. A. Nusbaum, court physician
M»i«nr.lia Lodge. I. O. O. F.. has elected J.
Erlckson. noble grand: J. F. Jones. vtc# grand:
Samuel Polack. secretary (re-elected): Herman
Etern. financial secretary (re-elected); Dr. 8.
R. Mater, treasurer (re-elected); Niels Iverson.
truitee (re-elected). .
Keystone Lodge. Knight* of Honor, has elect
ed the following as the officers for the ensuing
term: J - J. Mah^r. dictator; E. F. Mlnnehan.
vice dictator: J. Foley. assistant dictator: Fred
erick Katsch. reporter (re-elected, twenty-fifth
term); F. A. Jennings, treasurer; E. F. Joy.
chaplain; Joseph Martin, guide; If Wllhye.
sentinel; T. F. Martin, guardian; E. F. Joy.
J. Foley and J. M Cohn. trustees: Numa Rose,
financial reporter (re-elected, eighteenth term).
Christmas novelties at Townsend's. •
Fine plum pudding at Townsend's. •
Time to send your Eastern friends
Townsend's California Olace Fruits; 50c Ib
in fire-etched boxes. «27 Market; Palace.*
Bpedal Information supplied dally to
business houses and puh!l>- nv-n by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allon'si. 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main It*:
Great bargain?— Cloning out children's
books, games and dolls, cheap. Sanbora.
Vail &. Co.. 741 Market street. •
m m i .
California's Golden Jubilee.
The commits of the ralifornla OoMm
Jubilee celebration, to b« held In th» eltr
of Ban Jose on the 20th. 21st and 2M ln»t.,
have Invited the grand officers of the Na
tive Sons of the GoMen WVst to partici
pate. Grand President Frank Mattlson
haa requested the grand officers to be>
present In regalia on the occasion of the
presentation of the keys of the city to th*»
Native Sons on the evening of the second
day of the celebration
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child,
th» gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best rem-
Dlarrhocas. whether arising from teet v
other causes. For sal* by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 3c a bottla.
Tourist Excursions.
Personally 'conducted tourist excursions, via
Santa Fe Route, with latest vestlbuled, t~~ lit.
upholstered sleeping cars, through fr-.ru Cbtt
fornla to Boston every Wednesday, St Paul
every Sunday and Friday. U Pt. Louts every
Sunday, and to Chicago and Intermediate
points every Sunday, Wednesday and Frlda*.
Call at ticket office. C* Market street I
particulars.
HOTEL DXL CORONADO-TalM advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only WO fcr
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay. 13 io r » r day. Apply at « New
Montgomery street, 8«n Francisco.
The California Limited
On the Santa Fe Route Connecting train
leaves at 5 p. m. Monday. Wednesday. Friday
and Saturday. One day to »cc Ltfi Angeles and
beautiful Pasadena If lestred. All meals served
in Harvey" a dining cars. Finest equipped train.
and best track of any Itne to the East. G*t
full particulars and handsome folder at tl net
office. OS Market stiMj
Defaulting Racetrack Tout.
A warrant was secured from Judge Gra
ham yesterday for the arrest of Al. Wil
son, a racetrack tout, on the charge of
felony emberzlement. The complaining
witness Is John K. deary, a private de
tective, and he alleges that on December
2 Alfred Schr gave Wilson $300 to bet on
a race. Wilson won $>•) and absconded
with the S2ou and the winnings. He has
been traced to Los Angeles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When the Blood
is pale, then your lips and
cheeks are pair, your nerve!
i weak, and your whole body
greatlydcbilitated. Thedoc-
tors say "You have anaemia."
There's just one thing you
need — something to make
the blood rich and red.
will certainly do this. ,:It
will make the most happy
changes for you, and soon
your old strength and ac-
tivity will return*
. . toe. and $■•>•, all tfraggkt*.'* , - -
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, h, w Y«% .HOME-MADE MULT
HAS NEW MARKET
ACROSS THE SEA
Japan Is Now Regu
lar Purchaser.
♦ —
DEMAND RAPIDLY INCREASES
♦
DEALERS HOPE TO INTEKEST
FILIPINOS.
>
r ix Two Months Trade Has Grown
Sufficiently to Indicate Large
Opening In the Thirsty
Oriental Countries.
♦
Dealers in brewers* supplies in this city
are finding a new market for malt.
Within the last two months several ship
ments of malt have been made to Japan,
where there are large breweries, and th»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HALF BUND FROM
ECZEMA
Three Children Afflicted. Whole
Bodies and Faces Sore, Raw
and Bloody Mass.
Tried Doctor after Dootor for
20 Months Without Slightest
Relief. Crying Constantly.
Couldn't Sleep. Tried CUTICUHA.
First Application Gave Relief.
Cured in Fourteen Days.
My second child got eczema when seres
months old. Three months later my first chrtd
got It. and following him, the last one, two
years old, fell a victim. For twenty months
they snffered fearful agony. Their whole bod-
•en, especially their face*, wera so sore and
raw that the little ones were blind half the
time No words can describe the suffering of
my second child, whose whole body was one
tloodymaas. He was constantly Ing, could
r> : no Bleep, ..he actually did not look bu-
taan. I tried doctor after doctor, bat none af-
forded the slightest relief. I decided to try
CfTiccna. The first application brought re-
lief in each case, and after fourteen days' '
trratment with Cut MA! a* Soap and Cm-
ct hi (ointment), the worst case was cured,
and the whole nelchbornoo'l is surprised at
the wonderful effect of i i rax. I continue
the n*e of Cctjciha Boap for the children,
because it taakes tho little ones look splendid.
Soy. 2S, IW6. Mrs. ANNIE RINO,
SSB E. 13;h St., New York City.
Id all the world there U no other treatment •»
per r. to sweet, so speedily effective for dUtresilng
cats humor* of lafacisaod children mCtticcba,
(estMl cf skia cures, blood parlflers, and humor
reoedi**. a warn bath with Cniccn Soap,
and a single »ao: t.t! r . with CTTicra4 <oibtmeot).
purest of *ißol!ieet skin cere«, will afford Instant
rt lit f. permit rest and sleep to both parent aad
child, acd polo*, to a speedy, permanent, aad
tcouosUcal cure, when all el»e falls.
Said tlHoafbOTl th. ww'.d. Potti» D «»t>C Coar.
IoM Props., Beaton. - Uow to C»n B«bj Unmori," fra*.
FACF HUMORS ~'" i sT t £Z l &?,: l "*'
Come Just to Look
Big Value
Cbinawnre
Crockery
Glassware
Lamp*
Ornament!
Norcixicti
Clocks
Come Just to Look.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Central 210-212 Grant avc.
Store* : Bet. 6uttcr and Poststn.
861 Market St.. opp. Powell.
52 Market St., foot California.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
HOLIDAY REDUCTION
t TAILOR-MADE
SUITS and
OVERCOATS.
Back Bulta fitl.ttO
Frock PutU 22.50
Prince Albert
BaiU 25.00
Full l>rr«» Salt*.. 40.00
Overcoata 20.00
Pasts 4.50
1110- 1112 Market
••-«. 1011 Washington
2oi>2<i.l Mmtrftnerr ft.. Oakland.
St.. Ban Francisco. .«■
rt 1 3£ *0~ MATZOS
We offer th» Finest Mat»o errr baked in Call-
fornia at about M per cent leas than er«r soM
brfore MATZO. «C PEn POUND.
N* w Urn Matm. new Matto Flour, Macron**.
40 eta. t>«r round: Cocoanut Uacrones. to eta.
per pound. Orders Taken Until January Ist at
lt*» l-OL&OM 81 tel Mint ISO.
■AN FRANCISCO MATZO COMPANY.
Factory and Main Office. 1130 Howard at.
■m-^ww ••/• Permanent cur*, f-v.1.-e tine
111 UW7 drvot»-d to rectal dl»«ai«.K
rII ■* Ref erencea. those cured. No
I LJkJkJ aursen A. J. ATKINS
* mmmmmm " M- v. # tV, Putter ft., San
Francisco, hours 1 to I p. m.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE . CORB OF GONORRHOEA,
OlMta. Strtctorcs and anaJocoua cost-
j'- ■ -.U of th» Orcans of C-neraUon.
Prlc« tl a tot Us. For aal« by Crurcltt*.
Wright's Indian Vegetalilß Pills
ARK ACKNOWLEDGED ill .HOUIANI4
of persons who have lived them for forty
*•*» to cur* SICJC HEADACHE. OIOOIKESii
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stom-
ach. Pimple* aad par: / tb« Moo«
goods seem to be to the liking of tho
Japanese experts, for the orders continue
to come across the. ocean by every
steamer, and the quantities Font out are
larger and larger. The Held in Japan for
California malt being new. the totals of
the sales so far. represented by dollars,
would not make a very Imposing show
ing, as a matter of course, but the let
ters that are received and the news
brought home by Californlans who have
traveled recently in Japan lead the malt
makers to tUink that they have discov
ered a market of future real commercial
value. A gentleman connected with one
of the local houses furnishing brewers'
supplies related the facts yesterday as
far as he knew about them. 'Hie busi
ness, so he said, ha.- ijepun since the
Philippine war. and dates back not cry
far. why the Philippine trouble should
attract Japanese brewers to the malt
made in California he could not explain.
but he naturally entertained the view
that this Is pimply an indication of the
greater attention this port Is attracting;
all over th*» world, which la manifested
by the preparations making in many quar
ters to extend shipping facilities. ».._;
The English probably have had a good
share of the Japan trade heretofore, along
with their commercial rivals, the Ger
mans. California barley that was used
In the malt firM traveled over two oceans
to Ret to England and was there pre
pared for the Oriental market. There has
been no reason for this that was evident,
except that the California product of malt
was seemingly unknown directly to the
Japanese. Since the commercial travelers
and commercial agentp of California have
Invaded Japan on their respective mis
sions, the even of the Japanese have been
opened and the manufacturers of this
State have also seen some thlnw with
which they were previously unacquainted.
The local breweries' supply houses peo
ple now think that there may also be a
chance to do some business not long
hence .in China and in Australia, and let
ters are going forward and the field is
undergoing strict scrutiny In a trade way.
No IlKurcs are obtainable as to the ex
tent that the recently acquired Oriental
trade for brewers' supplies has reached.
It Is well known, however, that there are
quite large orders going forward in the
near future. The California barley Is all
that could be desired for the making of
malt, as the large export to foreign coun
tries has demonstrated during a series of
years. The facilities arc all here for tho
building up of a lar«".-> industry that could
hold Its own, for here Is th- capacity for
producing all the raw material that the
larpest possible demand eouli require;
alpo all the facilities for manufacturing
and the additional and very Important
condition of sea rates for transportation
to Japan. China and Australia. A mar
ket is also expected to develop in the
Philippine Islands whenever the condi
tions become sufficiently settled to per
mit the thorough commercial exploitation
of the country.
THE BOND MEETINGS.
Executive Committee Complains That
Money Is Coming in Slowly.
The execf.ve committee of the Public
Improvement Club of all civic organisa
tions met yesterday and decided upon the
following meetingß to be held: Plxley's
Hall, corner Polk and Pacific strcet# I>> -
visadero HalJi corner I >. rtsad< ro and Oak
streets, and Richmond Hall, corner Clem
ent street and Fourth avenue ' Mayor
Phelan and other prominent speaker* will
attend all of these meetings.
The !»oiiritnre appointed to raise funds
for carrying on the work of educating
the people as to the meaiiluK of th<
complain that the money is coming
in «lowly un account of the difficulty of
finding tho citizens sought. They request
, that subscriptions he loft with A. S. Bald
i win at W Montgomery street.
The committee han pr«-pared a pro
gramme of iKind meetings for the comlnß
»«<'k. The meeting which wan to ha\.
;..k. •» placo at Sunnyside hist evening has
ay evenlnt-
Wednesday evening there will be an ad
lir.fs ».y tlie Mayor before the <"alif >mli
I'luh in Y. M. C. A. Hall. Also another
gathering in the Mission Turn Vereln
Hall. The committee s st>eakers will de
liver rwldres^es on Thursaay afternoon at
the Mall dock and to the employes of the
: I'nlon Iron Works. In the evening of the
; pame day a meeting is to be held at
Washington Square Hall for the benefit
!of the folks at North Beach. On Frtdav
evening the big wind-up gathering will
take place at Metropolitan Temple.
A 810 REDUCTION.
De Boom Wants $6000 Damages But
Will G«t Only $500.
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday morning decided to recommend to
the board that R. C. de Boom be allowed
Ron in settlement of damages alleged to
have resulted to his land by the construc
tion of a culvert at the crossing 1 of Mis
sion and Canal streets. De Boom ap
peared before the committee and claimed
that he had been damaged to the extent
of WOO, but was willing to compromise for
■000. Supervisor Collins said that the
damage .did not *xc«?ed $300 and moved
that the sum be allowed, but at the sug
gestion of Supervisor Aigcltinger $500 was
fixed upon for recommendation.
Garrett & Welch were awarded the con
tract to care for the Fourth-street bridge
for $255 a month. This Includes necessary
oil. fuel, etc.. and will effect a saving of
$40 a month to the city.
The H. T. Holmes Company protested
against awarding a contract to the City
Strwt Improvement Company for fur
nishing cement for the repair of
streets, on the ground that its bid
had not been accompanied by a cortiti.-l
check. The Holmes Company bid $3 25
a barrel, while the City Street Improve
ment Company's bid was $3 30 a barrel
As the latter had llled a certified check
the day following and its bid was the low
est It was awarded the contract
Bishop May Return.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua (via Galveston) I
Dec. 14. - Prudent Zelaya has decided
rStK^ni v™** 1 ? p vl Pwelrt. the Roman
Catholic Bishop of Nicaragua, to return to
nil diocese.
QUESTION OF PROGRESSION,
NOT ONE OF A BOWL OF PUNCH
THK question of New Year calls and the punch-bowl that has thrown
select Oakland Into a willing fever has failed to c-ven ruffle the calm
and even tenor "f local MKtety. Once before Oakland got excited and the
result was their brill and beaux were forced to cool their parched
throats, after a dance, at the lcewater pitcher. Then. also, the swell
pot on thin side of the bay looked on. smiled and held Its own counsel.
San Kran< v continued to dance and drink Its punch.
The question of New Y.ar calls has fallen Into obscurity In our sister
city In comparison to the question of New Year punch. When the question
X the revival of the nil- New Years customs was presented to the local
matrons no thought was Riven to the punch— all the discussion hovered
round the ancient cuptom <.f making one's friends and acquaintances welcome
on the first day of the year. Local society is above all things progressive
and the majority of opinions expressed the idea that we go forward and not
backward— not even In reviving social customs, no matter how delightful
they might be.
As for tne punch there was but one side to that question. In the words
of« the old vicar, all concluded that "that virtue which needs ever to be
guarded is scarcely worth the sentinel."
Mr-. Samuel O. Buckbee had not given the question of New Year calls
and the etceteras that go with It any serious thought. "I don't believe."
she said, "that we want It. though. It Is vlllagey and we are a big city. As
for the punch"— and here phe made a fetching move— "l trust my friends."
Mrs Wendell Kaston Is of the opinion that society can't be too up-to
date. With the la'ly it is not a question of "calls" and "punch-bowl." it Is
the question of establishing new century customs. "We want to go ahead,"
said Mrs. Easton. "We have outgrown that old custom. Don't let us go
backward."
Mrs. Southard Hoffman really didn't care one way or the other. To her It
was a matter of perfect Indifference whether the custom was revived or not.
"I will not receive on New Years." she said. "1 have not thought about the
matter at all. and I don't think it requires any thought."
Miss Carrie <»wln. in her big-hearted way. expressed her love for old
social customs and refused to even dwell on the punch-bowl phase, "I should
love to see tho custom revived," the lady exclaimed. "I have always lov^d
the old custom. As for the question of the punch-bowl, I think it an injustice
to my friends to give it a thought."
Mrs. Eleanor Martin was also in favor of the custom of other days. The
hospitality for which the lady is noted was made manifest In her words.
"Ye*," she said. "I should like to see the* custom revived. I believe in any
and all customs that make friends meet."
Mr?. Pelham Ames was not in favor of reviving the old hospitable New
Tear day. "We have grown out of it," she said. "To my way of thinking
the objectionable feature of the old custom Is not the punch, but the many
objectionable people who were wont to take advantage of open-house. Per
sonally. I l«*an toward temperance," the lady concluded. "I should not offer
punch nor any beverage that contained whisky, but I should certainly offer
wine."
Mrs. E. W. McKinstry was also Imbued with the spirit of progression. "I
would not care to pee the custom revived," she said. "We have outgrown it.
And then, again, to-day we have more acquaintances than friends to make
the old custom practical ."
Mrs. E. B. I'ond hoped to see a custom she characterized as "delightful"
revived. "It was a dellßhtful custom." the lady said, "and I hope to see it
revived. I am always glad to see my friends. As for refreshments, let them
take what they will— l should leave that to their own discretion."
THE PAN FKANCTSCO CALL. FHIPAY, BECEMnF.H 15. 189!).
EASTERN STAR OFFICERS INSTALLED.
MRS. EMMA CARTER AND MRS. JOHN TONNINGSEN OF
HARMONY CHAPTER.
THE disagreeable weather last evening did not keep the many friends of
the members of Harmony Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star
from Oolden Gate Hall, where the officers-elect were Installed In public
tor the current Eastern Star year. The large hall, which was crowded
with hundreds of prominent ladles and gentlemen, was decorated in the
east with heavy maroon draping;*, in the center of which hung the American
flag, and above that blazed In brilliant colors and electric effects the beautiful
flve-pninted star of the order. At the stations In the north, south and west
there were neat displays of flowers. A special feature was the placing at the
stations of the central star of a small table at the chair of each point. Each
chair was draped in the color of the point, and on each table was a fairy lamp
encased in fancy paper, also the color of the point. The small lights pro
duced a novel and pretty effect.
The installing officer was the retiring worthy matron. Mrs. Annl^ Marie
Johnson, who was assisted In the ceremonial by Mrs. Elizabeth Dorothea Wet
,len. past worthy matron, acting as marshal. The officers who, with the ex
ception of the conductress and chaplain, were inducted into office, were all
! anl, as they sat in the semi-circle to the west of the
iiltir. presented a very pretty picture. The officers elected for the current
term are: Emma Carter, worthy matron; John Carpenter Klmball, worthy
patron; Mrs. John Tonningsen. associate matron; Eva May Hare, secretary;
Isadora Horton, treasurer; Henrietta Albertlne McLagan. associate conduc-
Mfclten Loots*. Reid, Adah: Bertha Wagner Stack, Ruth; Llla May
Kimball, Esther; Cella Warren. Martha; Virginia Lee Lewis, electa; Annie
Johnson, marshal; Michael Joseph Savage, chaplain; Alice Severance,
organist; May Carter, warder; Walter Rawllns, sentinel.
The music for the ceremonies, solos and choruses was by the California
Commandery Quartet— Messrs. Wendel, Smith, Ifcßain and Batkln. It was
excellent. The retiring matron won many words of praise for the faithful and
careful manner in which she delivered the charges to the new officers, and
Impressed them with the importance of the duties they were assuming. After
the ceremony Mrs. Alyce Gates rendered vocal selections. The retiring mat
ron, Mrs. Johnson, was, in an eloquent speech by the retiring patron, pre
sented with a diamond-set Jewel of her office on behalf of the chapter, and
then Dr. A. H. MUlberry. also on behalf of the chapter, presented a beautiful
jewel to Micheal J. Savage, the retiring patron. This wax followed by the pre
sentation of like Jewels to Past Patrons Dr. MUlberry and W. H. Wharff.
The congratulations, which followed, being at an end, all retired to the
dancing hall, where there was a programme of dances until midnight.
EXTRA SESSION TALK
AT TWO CONFERENCES
GOVEBNOB OAGE MAY BE
ASKED TO SIGN A PLEDGE.
Burns' Supporters Hare Not Yet
Signed the Agreement Circu
lated by Miller.
Governor Gage, accompanied by his
private secretary. W. L Foley. arrived in
th.- city yesterday, and the latter went to
Sacramento on the afternoon train. The
Governor remained at the Palace Hotel
■nd discussed extra session topics at two
conferences. Paris Kilburn of the Har
bor <ommi»8lon and Colonel J. B. Wright
of the Southern Pacific were at the hotel
when the Governor arrived.
The thirty supporters of D. M. Burns
had not signed the agreement for the ex
tra session up to 6 o'clock last evening.
Judge Dibble is confident that he can get
their signatures inside of a half-hour.
Senator Morehouse. of Santa f'lara ar.d
Asytmblynian Relshaw of Contra Costa
assert ttfat they will not sign a pledge to
adjourn at the pleasure of the Governor.
There is some talk of presenting a
pledge to the Governor for his signature.
lif may be asked to agree in uniting to
call an extra session whenever eighty-four
Republican legislators sign an agreement
to go into caucus to nominate a candidate
.ator.
Politicians seemed to be confident last
night that the proclamation for an extra
session would bo Issued before, many days.
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
Counterfeiters Must Be Betried.
The Jury in the case of Frederick Gray
and George Horton. alias Charles Heath
<-r«ton. in the United States District
Court, disagreed last evening and were
discharged. Giay and Horton were tried
for having In their possession implement*
for making counterfeit money. They will
be retried.
■ m »
Selling depot for Waterman fountain
and other gold pens. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
NEW ROADS FOR
THE YOSEMITE
Report of a Government
Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— The Yosemite
National Purk Road Commission has sub
mitted :ts report to the Secretary .of the
Interior, as It has completed its Investi
gation Into the subject matter of free pub
lic highways. The commission devottd
the greater portion of the summer to an
Inspection of the existing toll roads and
proposed new routes and presents a syn
opsis of its findings in Its report.
What Is known as the Big Oak Flat toll
road is not given in the report. Its grades
are rom 8 to M per cent and its width
\aries from eight to twenty feet. The
£2 st *i* construction Is estimated to have
been $40,0u0, sufficient improvements hav
li^rJ* 1 f™ 44 * 1 to bring the aggregate to
$45,000. It Is estimated that this road
could now be built for $30,000. The annual
cost of maintenance is fixed at $350- the
annual tolls collected from 1569 to iMO ag
gregate $..3,917. and for the past five years
an annual average of $1761 has been col
lected, making an aggregate of $62,827.
The < oulterville tol road's cost of con-
Ktrurtion was I 1I 1 ' 000 ' betterments have
been added to the extent of $14,000 mak
ih^ £f* a »** r ? " * % - m - A portion ' of
for LZ,L h1? . en P urc ha s ed by the State
for 110.000. It is now estimated that a rond
equally good with better alignments and
grades could be constructed for $00 iv)
The cost of maintenance is $600 The
statement given by the owners shows
$33*932 L * t0 " collected }?_ date aggregate
hrtn2h i Wona . toll road wlt lta various
b ™'*« is estimated to have cost $76,750
The cost of maintenance for seventeen
En*™ K hM been - 636 - The,, roads could
now be constructed for $70,750 The toll"
collocted from 18*2 to ISIS aggregat.- IA -
W. to which , 10 . to 20 Per cent should be
Th^ #n tollß c J?. llcc ted prior to Sol
Ihe Tioga roads co »t was $62,000. It is
f£S 2 001 " con ditlon by reason of the
Blnc * I ? 5 - "? *i are l aS been taken of I?
on«t $58,000 to construct such that would
cost IoS.OuO to construct such a road at tho
present time, and that but "tile improve
ment, if any. could be made. im Pf">e-
The commission lnve atlgated the various
routts possible to connect with the Tinea
road at Tlop and extending to Vome
nrs^xf m r £ aS , Mono or In > f o Coumy
The Mill Creek Canyon road, one of these'
extending from fio»a to ■ road In Mono
County, would b . e , over twelve mi « Jong.
«■ X^ adea would be about 10 per cent
ahoVtMrSn 31 of oonatructlon would be
about $64,000. It ls not considered a feasi
ble route by the commission. Th€- LevTrnr
Creek road, connecting Tloga wltn a r025
In Mono County, would cost about $26GT,.
exclusive of en lnccrln ff superintendence."
VUmn B evldpnt >' rocarded as the moc t
feasible route by thf <-m m |f,B | o n. Im _
fssarssjLt Bloody Canyon road
Th« commission touches upon the wagon
LONG=LIVED PIANOS
Sole Agents Are Standard Pianos
WEBER, KREEL —the Weber is one.
And 5 other makes \a/ l j.l o l r\ j i
PIANOS c m y Grands and
Uprights — Cash or installments.
C. F. MARTIN y ou a P oor P' ano w ' tn a useless
GUITARS a d 'guarantee it is not our fault
SHET MUSIC i OFF TO EVERYBODY.
st mus^boxes. Clark Wise & Co.,
OPEN EVENINGS. Cor. Geary St and Grant Aye.,
IN THE CHRISTMAS CALL,
SUNDAY, DECEMBER J7.
WHEN CHRISTMAS STANDS AT ;
!: GOLDEN GATE !
A Full Page Drawing by MARY DAVIDSON, the Pacific Coast's
Most famous Newspaper Woroar) Artist. Now '
t Studying Art in New York-
ASSESSOR DODGE
ON THE CARPET
OF GRAND JURY
Bitter Talk Over Clerk
Hire.
A MATTER OF SPITE WORK
•
THE DOCTOR WAS EXASPER
ATED BY QUESTIONS.
Inquisitors Think Salaries of Assist
ants Should Be Paid Out of
Per Cent Allowed on
Collections.
Assessor Dodge was a very angry ; man
when he came out of the Grand Jury
room last evening-, after having been ask
ed some pertinent questions regarding the
salaries paid to clerks employed In his
ofllco for the collection of poll taxes. He
was asked whether he did not think that
these salaries should be paid out of the
15 per cent anowed him on the collections
instead of imposing the liability upon th
city. While the statute does not exactly
provide that they should the Grand Jury
holds that It favors that construction of
the law. To all of the questions put to
him Dodge replied that he was following
the custom established in his office for
years past and that his course was cor
rect.
Dodge finally became exasperated at his
inquisition and accused the Grand Jury
of. having brought up the matter to annoy
him at the instance of an applicant for a
position whom he had turned down. The
jury disclaimed that it had acted at the
behest of any person and insisted that it
was simply pursuing its inquiries on the
matter in the line of Its duty. The In
quiry was postponed until next Tuesday
afternoon, when a special meeting will be
held.
Several reports of committees were
handed in, but as there are more to be
received the full report of the Grand Jury
will probably not be reaav until next
Thursday, when the last session will be
held and the report Issued for publica
tion.
A committee consisting of R. M. Hotal
ing. chairman; J. F. Wulsen and A. Ja
cobs, will visit the Sheriffs office this
morning at 10 o'clock to Investigate the
books of that office.
road to Hetch-Hetchy Valley and esti
mates that the road could be coimtnu-t.-d
between these point* for $52,200. The com
ml>->lon has suggested that a feasible
route exists from Hetch-HHehv Vallt y to
Carter, the i<r« s.-nt terminus of the Sierra
Railway. Tno conunlMiOJl has not Invt-s
tigatrd this route, though required to do
ho by law.
The Tenaiya Canyon route, which Is a
shorter route from Lake Tenaiya to the
Y/oscmlte Valley, will cost $.v:.t<>4.
The only prnposnl new road upon which
the commission klvos accurate and defi
nite data is the Merced route. It Is main
tained that thtl road can be constructed
-.i ;ln to he easily accessible fr>>m Merced,
afarlposa and Tuolumne counties. Many
reaaona are given why this v a desirable
route. Among others It Is stated that it
would be an all-winter rond. and it is
evidently favored by the commission as
the most practicable for a free public
highway Into the valley.
The report is accompanied hy numerous
photographs and exhibits. Senator Per
kins and nt preaentatlve do Vrlet are now
preparing a resolution to be introduced
::i i "ingress asking that the report be
published and that the photographs ac
companying the same be lithographed.
WILL TESTIFY AGAINST
BRIGHAM H. ROBERTS
Several Witnesses Who Have Mora
Direct Testimony Than Any
Thus Far Produced.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— A number of
witnesses are expected to arrive here
from Utah on Monday next to testify
against Mr. Roberts of Utah. They are:
Mrs. Dr. Luella Miles. Mr. • McDougall,
Thomas J. Brandon, Ray Brandon, Dr.
Wishard and J. R. Letcher. They were
advised by Chairman Taylor of the House
investigating committee that necessary
traveling expenses would be guaranteed
and on this understanding they will come
without the formality of subpcnaß. Tney
are expected to give evidence relative to
the polygamous relations of Mr. Roberts,
from more direct and personal knowledge
than that possessed Dy the witnesses
heretofore heard.
m
REFLAJTrrNQ THE FORESTS.
Commissioner Hermann Promises to
Attend to the Matter at Once.
LOS ANGELES. Dec 14.— W. G. Kerck
hoff. vice president of th« First National
Hank, has returned from an official visit
in Washington as the representative of
the Chamber of Commerce, the Board of
[ Trade and the Forest and Water Associa
tion to enlist the support of the Interior
i Department In the matter of replanting
the burned sections of the forest reserves.
Regarding hi* mission he said:
"I saw Commissioner Hermann, who has
especial charge of the forest reserves. He
appreciates fully the fact that our water
supply is largely dependent on the -for
' ests. He intends to prevent other fires
| In these reserves If possible and will give
■ increased patrol for the coming: season.
, The object of my visit was to get the de
partment interested In the replanting of
, the burned over sections with the natural
forest growth of this region. Mr. Her
mann at once took up the matter and In
structed his agents to ascertain' where
seed could he procured and report im
mediately upon the best methods of start-
Ing the replanting."
_ «- . : : ADVERTISEMENTS.
l©OO©©O»OOeOO©OOOOO©O©O©O©OOO©OOOOCOOOQOOOC
KING, MOSS & COMPANY
S* Owing to their removal to a more central location,
wiN AUCTION their vast stock of over
$100,000
WORTH OF SUPERB
Diamond Jewelry, Gold Jewelry,
Sterling Silver Watches,
Rogers' Knives, Forks and Spoons, Cutlery,
Clocks and Objects of Art
AT THEIR STORE
639 MARKET ST., Palace Hotel Bock
Beginning TO-DAY at 10:30 A. M.,
And continuing daily at 10:30 a. m., 2:30 p. m. and 7:30 p. m.
NOTE. — The exceptionally high character of these goods
makes this opportunity an unprecedented one.
»OOOOOOOOOOOQO©COOOOOeOQOOOOOOOeQOOOOOOOO©<
S 'CHRISTMAS GIFTS
"*V ARTISTIC CALENDARS
WEDGEWOOD WARE ' ' *
J» VIENNA NOVELTIES
%L STYLISH CORRESPONDENCE PAPERS
>2r FINE LEATHER GOODS
c* \^f\r* \t r« r^*c 227229p ° stst
•jfi V/ l\ \J V/ IXCK J 215 219 BUSM ST
VJ OPEN EVENINGS, commencing Docembor 18
AMUSEMENTS.
Engagement of the Distinguished Actor,
« FREDERICK WARDE
Together with MR. AND MRS. CLARENCE M.
BRUNE and an Excellent Company.
TO-NIGHT and Saturday Night.
"THE LION'S MOUTH."
Matinee Saturday— "ROMEO AND JULIET."
Sunday Night. "RICHARD III."
Next Week— Mon. and Sat.— "VIRGINIUS."
Tues. eve. and Pat. matinee— "THE MER-
CHANT OF VENICE."
DDITFC EVENING i«r.c to *1
rKIWLO MATINEES.. ..Usc to Tso
XMAS NIGHT— "THE CHRISTIAN."
CALIFORNIA THEATER &'
WHY, OF COURSE!
SURE TO DRAW A TREMENDOUS HOUSi3.
OREAT ENTHUSIASM L.A9T NIGHT.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY MAKE
ANOTHER BIG HIT IN
THE SPORTING DUCHESS.
To Continue Until Saturday Night.
NEXT AFTERNOON.
SPECIAL!
The Big Rag-Time Senratlon From the East.
"THE HOTTEST COON IN DIXIE."
Presented by Forty Colored SWincri. Dancers
and Comedians of Their Roc*, "nclud-
."•..;.. ing the Original
"CLORINDY" CHORUS.
POPULAR 1:1 Evening 75c. 60c. 25c
RICES 1., Matinee toe, go.
(THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.)
t Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone SOUTH 770.
LAST PERFORMANCE SATURDAY NIGHT.
MATINEE BATURDAY.
THE ORIGINAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS.
GRAND OPEN AIR CONCERT TO-NIGHT.
7 to 8 o'clock, of classic and i ••pnl.tr music,
by the Georgia Challenge Hand ot 2£ piece.*.
A MONSTER PERFORMANCE
Evening— lac. 25c. s:.. . UK.
Matinee— l. *. !sc. 35c.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT-
BLACK P-ATTI TROUBA DORS'
Secure Seam NOW and Don't Walt for
the Big Crush Sunday Night.
Popular Prices— lsc. 25c, 3Sc, 5<V 75e.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
15c. 25c, 35c and tOc.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN US. .
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST THREE NIGHTS. '
THE CHIMES OF
NORMANDY!
NEXT WEEK— "FLEDERMAUS" (The
Bat), by Strauss, the. Walt* King.
Usual Prices 50c. Sic. So. 15c and 10c
Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee. 25a.
.Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
•..■l'" "— LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
FRANCIS POWERS' Beautiful Mexican Play,
"MOTHER EARTH"
Preceded by the Laughable Fare* Entitled.
"UP TO WATKtNS."
Monday Night— Reappearance of
ERNEST HASTINGS,
When will be presented the wittiest comedy of
the ceason.
"DR. BILL/*
♦ »••»*•• ♦■♦ •••••»••••»••••■
4 ...
i . The luxury, comfort, conveniences, i
< cuisine and moderate charges have ,
i gives the
PALACE and |
♦ GRAND '
4 -v >•.;'■ . ♦
♦ hotels a reputation that 1* known wh«r. <
♦ ■ ever the English language Is spoken. <
I Connected by a covered passajceway— ,
1 1400 room*— with baths.
y JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager.
♦ *••**«•»*»»■»•-••-••••••»»•»
AMUSEMENTS. .
ENTIRE BILL AN INSTANTANEOUS HIT!
The Famous Lezlttmate Stars.
EDWIN MILTON ROYLE
& CO.
The Moncloctst.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN
And a Big Collection of Vaudeville Stars.
LAST WEEK.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE,
Queen of Ccmic Opera.
Reserved seats. ?;•■; balcony, 19c; opera chairs
1 and box seats. W.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Samfay.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
SUCCESS! SUCCESS! SUCCESS!
Every Evening; and Saturday Matinee.
Brilliant Performance of
Tar and Tartar
Big Cast of Favorites and
FERRIS HART/V\AN.
POPULAR PRICES. :: ■ and 50c.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
Watch the Announcements for the Grand
Holiday Extravacanxa.
"LITTLE 80-PEEP."
STEEPLECHASE i
rFV'TDiI P4Dlf ltn * ' ! Market sts.— Open
WCn 1 HAL I Aft lV .Daily from Ito 11:30 p. m.
Admission Includes the thrilling ride on the
homes. Every winner receives a present. Suc-
cessive winners will h«. riven
A HANDSOME &2O
COLD WATCH.
PROFESSOR HILL, the High Wire Artist;
MECHANICAL HANDS: IHZ/I.XI >
GREAT ROMAN CARROUSEL: BICYCLE*
CIRCUS; AERIAL TROLLEY: lIARRKL OP
LOVE; EARTHQUAKE FLOOR: MTSTIO
MIRRORS: HUMAN CAGE: HAUNTED
SPRING; LIVELY BLOWER, and a Score of
Others.
The Completely New StfwV of Prixes Includes
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS AND TOYS.
19c— ADMISSION-lOc.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
SECOND MEETING. Dec. 4-18, •1539. Inclusive.
Six high-class running races every week-day.
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
' The Ideal winter racetrack of Amerlra. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a ituperb grand stand, glass-enclosed, where
comfortably housed In bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9-00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m . and 12: 15. 13:35. 12:54
and 1:25 p. m.. returning Immediately after last
race and at 4:45 p. m. Rear car* reserved for
women and their escorts. No smoking. Valencia
street 10 minutes later.
San Jose and way stations. Arrive at Ban
Brun? at 12:45 P. m. Leave Baa Bruno at i.'JO
and Mi P. m.
Rates: San Francisco to Tanforan an.l return.
Including admission to track. SI 25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. It GREEN. Sfcrrtary »n<l Manager.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOff MITE MAJOH MITE
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
In His Great Imitation of COIINILLE.
ETHEL HURT Const ins; the Chutes.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SPECIAL TO-MORROW (Saturday) night.
The fiercest and liveliest rounds of the Cor-
bett-Fltrslmmons and JHTrIM-FHislmmons,
fights. Phone for Feats— Park 23.
LOAN EXHIBITION
Of Paintings by Celebrate! Artists. Including
MILLET'S FAMOUS PICTURE.
"THE :: MAN :: WITH :: THE :: HOE."
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY. Beginning FRI-
DAY. December IS. Dally (exc-pt Sunday), from
9 a. m. to I p. m.
mark Hopkins institute of art.
Cor. of California and Mason sts.
ADMISSION..". 25 onts
mrr nfltfll c °"le* Fourth and
CAFE hOYALIk3I€
Valise* checked free.
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Cofca.
OFFICE ill FOLSOM »T.
78
Pugilist Killed in the Ring.
Ready lor Parker-Turner Mill.
PUGILIST
KILLED IN
PRIZE FIGHT
Groegy, With His Back
Turned, Henry Neise Is
Struck and Dies.
Er*clal Dispatch to Th« Call.
FT LOUIS. Dec. 14.— 1n the arena of the
St. Ivouls Athletic Club to-night Henry
Neise, a local pugilist, was killed as the
rerclt of a contest with Fred Bellerson.
imputed to be the heavy-weight champion
of I*tah. The men went on to light a pre
liminary of fifteen rounds -.- — - •£• «v«;ut
of the evening, which was to 'nave been a
fight between Tommy White, the 126
pound champion of the world, and "Kid"
Broad of Cleveland.
Nelse was long and. lanky, while BeMer
pon was hog fat. their combined weight
approximating 100 pounds. The perform
ance of the men wa.« i»o grotesque that
roars of laughter greeted their efforts.
No serious harm wmi done until the bell
tapped for the plxth round. In which, after
a heavy «-xchar.Re. Nelse was floored by a
hard right hook to tho jaw. He arose
groggy, with his back to t!ie Utah man.
who, seeing his advantage, ■...'. a ter
rlllc risht hand swing to the head, bring
ing Ni-lse to the floor, his head striking
with a dull thud. He Brat carried from
the ring in an unconscious state and phy
flclxns were summoned.
White and itroad then entered the ring,
and after lighting two rounds with honors
even were ttopix-d by the police, who an
nounced that Nrlse was dead. •Tim"
Hurst and Manager Charles Whitney
w**re Immediately taken into custody.
Bollerson reaped, but his seconds were
put under arrest. The physician's verdict
w:i» to the effect that Noise died of con
cussion of the brain.
CHOYNSKI TO MEET WALCOTT.
California Pugilist to Go Against the
Colored Boxer.
PUBUQUE, Dec. 11.— The Dubuqu« Ath
lrtlc Arsoclatlon has eiuned Joe Choyn*kl
and Joe Waloott for twenty rounds some
time during the first week of January, for
CITY ATTORNEY
LANE'S GRAVE
RESPONSIBILITY
Telephone Reforms in
His Hands.
UGLY BOASTS OF PAID AGENTS
SUPERVISORS EAGER FOR AN
OPINION.
They Will Stop the Wrenched Service
of the Monopoly if Lane Assures
Them of Their
Power.
Interest In what If perhaps the most im
portant piece of proposed municipal legis
lation has center* d absolutely around City
Attorney Franklin K. 1-ine. Mr. Lane
lias now the opportunity of gratifying
what lie told thousands of people was
his deepest wish. As a pleader for votes
h«- asked to be tested in any affair that
affected the well being of the city. Tht
tot has rorae. Responsibility for the suc
cess or failure of the proposed reforms in
the wretched telrphone service of this
city rests with htm and with him alone.
And It must t>e said In all fairness that
Mr. I-ane is not Inclined to accept the re
fepunsiblllty.
The authorized acents of the telephone
xr.onopoly are boasting that they will pre
vent thft proposed relorms, and by meth
ods peculiar to themselves delay action
until the present Board of Supervisors is
powerless to act- Th< se agents have suc
ceeded in placing the future course of the
contemplated legislation i" the hands of
City Attorney Lane. The Justice of the
proposed reforms Is universally conceded.
Even the paid representatives of the- mo
nopoly admit that the public has been
robbed.' It is conceded that fairness will
be insured by legislation to the multitude
of the telephone company's patrons, and
that a great and perfectly Just revenue
will accrue to the city.
The question of Supervisorial power to
make the reforms is the only one un
settled. The Supervisors declare thum-
MIVM ready to adopt the ordinances if
they are assured that they have that pow
er, and they ;».-k city Attorney Lane to
answer the question which It* of Mien
public moment and which means such
tnateVial public benefit.
The Supervisors want this answer In
time to act upon It a I their next meet-
Ing on Monday. They know that cor
rupt means are being used to defeat the
ordinances and they want no unneces
sary delay In their own action. But Mr.
Lane nayw he does not know that he can
(rive an opinion on or before Monday. He
Kays that the Supervt ors have not al
ways received his opinions with courtesy,
and carries with his assertion an Infer
ence that because of alleged discourtesy
he is Justified In trifling with matters that
deeply concern the public
His own words are best, and are as fol
lows:
"1 cannot Fay positively when I shall
hand in my opinion on the ordinance
which provides for the enforcement of a
collection of a Ucenw.- for the nlckel-in
the-slot telephones. 1 have been sick, and
as it Is a matter which will necessitate
much legal examination and study I do
not know whether or not 1 shall be ready
for the SujM^rviscrs when they meet on
Monday. They have not treated my
opinions with much courtesy In the past,
but 1 shall give this my fullest attention
and study Just the same."
If the apathy of the City Attorney is
not quickly dispelled the jwople of San
Francisco will lose a very material bene-
Jit. the paid agents of the telephone mon
opoly will have made pood their offensive
boast and Mr. Lane will have upon h!m-
Mtf the consequences of h!s unquestioned
responsibility.
Sterling silver articles for the writing
desk and dressing table. .^anborn. Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
FELL DEAD.
Thomas B. Brown Walked Into a
Saloon and Expired.
Early yesterday. morning a well-dressed
man walked into the saloon at the corner
of Post and Mason streets, fell to the floor
and expired as soon as he got inside the
door. The body was taken to the Morgue
and the clothing «m searched for papers
or other effects by which the man might
be identified, but nothing was found ex
cept a nickel watch, a gold-plated chain
and locket and a gold badge of Free and
Accepted Ma-
The clothing: and the articles found on
the body were new. The suit was a sack
of dark pepper and salt woolen goods.
The deceased was about 35 or <0 years old,
•with HrrM *fiTnp!*T<"TV m»hw»n hair, reg
mustache and light blue eyes. The face
in rather drawn, and there are brown
rpots under the eyes, indicating disease.
lie is above the average height, not heav-
NEWS OF THE SPORTING WORLD
CHAMPIONSHIP
GAME ENDED
IN A TIE
Santa Clara College and Nor
mal School Football Teams
Evenly Matched.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 14.— The football cham
pionship of Santa Clara Valley Is Still In
abeyance. The elevens representing the
State Normal School and Santa Clara
College played a tie game on Wednesday,
leaving the question of supremacy still in
doubt.
The hero of the hour Is Heston of the
State Normal School. With the score 6
to 0 In favor of Santa Clara College he
xnan:igod to pet a clear Held and with a
magnificent run of eighty yarns scored a
touchdown for his team, thus preventing
defeat. - ".'
A large crowd, composed principally of
students from both Institutions of learn
ing, was present and with college yells
and music urged on their favorites to
mighty deeds on the field. Sant.i Clara
worked the ball to the Normals" 10-yard
line and then on a fumble lost it. The
Normals forced the ball back to the cen
ter of the lleld, where they lost it. Then
Santa Clara by a succession of splendid
bucks carried the ball over the goal line
lor a touchdown. The goal m kicked
and the lii>t half ended.
The second half began with the ball In
possession of the Normals. Play had been
resumed but a few moments when Heston
made his great run. The score was tied
amid great excitement. Both sides played
their hardest, but wore unable to score
again. When the whistle blew for the
end of the game the ball was In posses
sion of Santa Clara on the Normals' 35
yard line. • ■
BOYs A I FOOTBALL.
The football elevens representing the
Crocker and Clement schools will battle
grammar - sampionstilp
on i : nth and Pohwm
■ 'ii. The game will be
p. m.
■ ♦ »
Purtell Seeks a Match.
•c ';reen. the boxer, acting for ■
Denver sporting man. has deposited $:&».»
with John Crowley to bind a matrh be*
twee U P srte'.l and any man In his
■;ist.
ilt. and his features ore of the
linavian t: ,
.v.rv. Kllen IfcFadden of 801 Post
at the Morgue last night and Iden
•.he body as that of Thomas H
I was employed as storekt spei
Fresno lumber mill and came ;<> this
'"it V Ihrw wesks uk>< to marry Mrs M.--
I i'urlnß his st;iy he has been on
MINNIE TITTLE BRUNE
AN EXCELLENT JULIET
Minnie Tittle Bruno established herself
hist night in the part of Juliet. It was a
test, the first one she has had, and she
acquitted herself most worthily. She has
both charm and intelligence and even
originality— a quality rare- indeed with
women of the stage to-day. Her youth is
in her favor, of course, and her immatur
ity Is not a serious handicap, for she gives
so much more than one should expect of
a novice that, with this youthfulness and
Immaturity in mind, she must be adjudged
a superior actress. Her personality is
pleasing, and we find her. physically as
well as mentally. In touch with the char
acter. She has vigor, too, and her por
trayal of the more violent passions is well
polled ana symmetrical. Above ail, how
ever, she li delicate, and her * girlish
naivete is never too broady humorous; Its
truth is refreshing, and It contributes not
a little to the spell with which the balcony
scene is endowed— a spell that is abso
lutely real and unmarred by dramatic in
advertence.
Her voice is not wonderful, hut she uses
it with discretion and at times with > Kcel
afl I do not mean, however that
eh is Infrequent; on the
ll to strike one aßain
and agaJn. Her enunciation Is always
\\ . t •!• a-^ i{..meo is an anachronism, but
in spite of !.i< tough years he i> not anln
(inr In the p.irt. His voice, so
•lv managed at times, has an
re in the love scenes and
- Tittle he acts with good
effect. I mu.-t again commend Frank
lionnig. a most excellent leading man
who hicks but a little reserve to warrant
•coming a star. His coloring is too
broad, but of an interesting variety Were
violent he might t..
an absolutely convincing actor. 1 look
with Interest to seeing him In something
' igh strung than the part of Mer
< utlo.
ixMiise Meredith's introduction as the
Nurse was hardly favorable to her. but
she retrieved herself In the ensuing
scenes. Alexander M< Kenzie as CapuW
was good enough to suggest that he might
go that much-abused part of the King in
"Hamlet" exceedingly well. He has many
of the qualities that make a g 1 actor
It Is certainly a reflection on the city that
•he house was only fairly tilled
PORTER GARNETT.
Burglars at the Presidio.
<.»orre de Fries and Bernard Connama,
di-char>ce,] SOIdISTS whr. were arres'.-il at
toe Presidio Wednesday aftern<M,n on a
charge ot burglary, ■ppearud before Judge
Graham yesterday and were Instructed
and arraigned. The case was continued
till to-day. They broke into the Btore
for the of.cers' provisions and were
• In th»- act of carrying away sun
dry articles by William .Martin, the col
or. (1 took n e raised an alarm and they
were raptured by two officers and held
till Poli. eman Mcl.aughlin arrived and
took th.-m Into custody.
Bond Proposition Indorsed.
I 'he Forty-fourth Assembly
by the Prusjn
Municipal dubs, met last evening at Rea's
ron strret. at:<l indorsed
the proposition of bonding the clt
municipal improvements. James \V
Reilly preside.!. Addresses w^ro made by
Charles A. Sw-lgiert, A. P. Giannini, Eu-
Bulllvan and H. M. Gilbert
A mass-mcetlns will t>e held next Thurs
day erenlns at Washington-square Hull
at which V lan, Irving M. Scott.
Colonel M. H. Hecht -and< other spt
will address the elttoem
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
SILVER QUESTION
BEFORE THE COURTS
DENVER. Deo 14.-A. W. Rucker. pres
ldrnt of the Monetary league, loft here
\ for St. lyouis, where he will hold
a conference with the Governors of sev
eral States friendly to the free coinage of
stiver relative to a suit which is about to
be l<egun by the State of Colorado for the
purpose of securing a decision by the
i"nlt*»d States Supreme Court as "to the
legality of the demonetization of sllrer.
teneral Assr mbly of the State passed
! resolution authorizing the Gover
nor to tn! bring this question
h, for-- the Supreme Court. After consul
tation with prominent public men of the
State Governor Thomas settled upon a
course of action.
The first step was to authorize Presl-
Btate. to confer with the other Governors
and raise the funds necessary to bring a
ease before th© Supreme Court of the
United States.
TOE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, FMDAY. DECEMBER 15. 1899.
BOXtK TUR>HK?, WHO ASPIRES 1O THH DGHTWfcILHT CHAMPIONSHIP.
RUFE TURNER of Stockton and "Kid* 1 Parker of
Denver^ each of whom aspires to be the light
weight champion boxer, will meet In the arena
at Woodward's Pavilion to-night, under the aus
pices of the National Athletic. Club. Bach has the
confidence which comes with an unbroken line of
victories. They have prepared as carefully for their bout
as though the championship would be won pr lost to-night
Turner has been on edge for some time, while Parker has
trained faithfully for several weeks. Bettors seem unable
to determine from the Information In the possession
which Is the most likely winner. This is shown in the
straight betting at Harry Corbett'l and in the mutu.-Is
Parker opened favorite at odds of 10 to I, and suddenly
changed to even money. They were 10 to 9 and even
BLACK SON OF
CANDID BROUGHT
THE TOP PRICE
Napa Stock Farm's
Big' Sale.
BELZEEBUB A LIVELY FELLOW
FINALLY SECURED BY WAL
TER JENNINGS.
Ed Purser Among the Buyers — The
Twins, Our Punch and My
Judy, Were Not
Parted.
. Average price of the annual sales
of yearlings bred at the Napa stocK
farm:
Sales of 1897 . . . $236
Sales of 1808 . . . $202
Sales of 1899 . . . $240
Occidental Horse Exchange was crowd
ed last evening with turfmen, the occa
sion being the annual sale of yearlings
from A. B. Spreckels' hTapa stock farm.
Frank Covey of Palo Alto stock farm of
ficiated la the box as auctioneer, ably sec
onded by Captain Merry (Hidalgo), and
succeeded in drawing out some very spir
ited bidding from the crowd as the many
magnificent looking youngsters were led
into the ring.
It was the banner sale of the season in
one respect— the high prices obtained,
Cambaceres brought $1200, the top price
of the sale. When the coal black son of
imp. Idallum and imp. Candid was led
into the ring a murmur of admiration
passed through the crowd, and when bid
ding was in season Mat Storn opened with
$HXw. He wub raised ■ hundred by Jim
Smith, but responded with $1200, and when
the coll was knocked down at that figure
Mat was heartily applauded.
A little later in the evening Ed Purser
secured Cavanaugh, a handsome-looking
fellow by Imp. Idallum-Lady Cleveland,
for $OW, after some lively bidding. Bart
Cavanaugh of Sacramento, after whom
the colt was named, wired that he would
present a suit of clothes to the purchaser
—horse clothes, no doubt. Then followed
Belseebub, a handsome bay, half brother
to Bamhoulla, full of ginger and looking
the racehorse all over. He pawed the air
and seamed so permeated with speed and
playfulness that not until the $luOO mark
had been reached did Walter Jennings be
come his owner.
O. \V. Scott, P. Sheridan, Dan McCarty.
Sam Merri weather. Charles Kapp, Barney
Bchrelber and W. Shields were among the
other purchasers. The twins, Our Punch
and My .U:*i> , by Eolo from Irene E.
were knocked down as a pair to the bid
of Mr. Avers. In all thirty-eight year
lings were disposed of at an average of
$240 per head. The prices realized and
buyers were as follows: ■
Alma Vale. f.. by Imp Idallum-Alma
Dale, $50, "Hanger" Jones; Andover, br.
f., by Imp. Idalium-Annle Race. $105, H.
•J. Palmer; Bellerophon. eh. c, by General
Miles-Bellguapd, faun. J. J. Moran; Burn
n!a. b. f., by imp. Crighton-Border Las
sie $100, G. \V. Scott: Floranthe, eh. f..,by
Eolo-Florence B. $2TiD, J. Gray;'Mcta
comet, eh. c, by imp. The Judge-Meta,
$200 G. W. Scott; Anneatey. b. c, by imp.
ldailum-imp. Atossa, $200, D. M. Hanlon;
Pequillo. eh. f. . by Imp. Idalium-Plquante,
$300. J. Murphy; Glittering, blk. c. by imp.
Idallum-Glitter, $110, B. Aigeltlnger; Mel
anterite, b. f., by General Mlles-Melanlta.
$&), ii. J. Palmer; Luculent, eh. f., by
imp. Crlghton-Lucille, $325. G. \V. Scott;
Ravelling, b. c, by Ravelston-Elurinta,
$300 W. Shields; Our Punch and My Judy
(twins), by Eolo-Irene E. $7». Mr. Ayers;
Tlollta, b. f.. by imp. Crighton-Tioga. $50,
Mr. Ayers; Carrophyllls. br.: f., by imp.
Idallum-Carnation 11. $100. c. Kapp;
Grace cup, b. fft. t by Puryear D-Grace
8, $175, G. " W. Scott; Kozumbege,
b. f., by imp. The Judge-Nozumbi
$SfO; J. Thomas; Charenton; b.c, by Gen
eral Miles-Chartreuse. ■ $200. B. Schrleber;
Follow Me, b. c, by Imp. Idalium-Folly,
$160. S. Merri wether; Frldolln, b. f., by
imp. The Judge-Frlsa. $550. G. W. Scott;
Griscomb, b. 1., by Eolo-Griselda, $00, W.
Fisher; George Dewey, b. c, by General
Miles-Georgia. $230. S. Mcrrlwetner; NeU
fourte. eh. f., by imp. Idallum-Neilie Bell,
$130, K. Smith: Cambnceres, blk. c, by
imp. Idallum-lmp. Candid. $1200, M. Storn;
Pout Etre. b. c, by General.Miles-Vlel
lelcht. $250, F. Van Ness. Bride-Ale, eh. f.,
by Eolo-Bridal Veil. $100. G. Holman; The
Ravel, eh. f.. by Ravelston-Therese, $75,
A. Shields: Piqued, b. c, by imp. Idallum-
Plque. $240. C. P. Fink; Eolo Lass. eh. f..
by Eolo-Miss Douglass 11. $125. P. Sheri
dan; Peg. Along, b. c, by Imp. Crighton-
Sweet Peggy. • $375. P. Sheridan; Cava
naugh, b. c. by imp. Idallum-Lady Cleve
land. $600. E. Purser; Pate de Fols, b. f.,
by imp. The Judge-Patricia, $200, E.
Purser; Belzeebub, b. •• c, by Imp
Crighton-Llsta Hock. $10WV; •W. B.
Jennings; Sugar Beet. b. . f.. by Imp.
Crtghton-Victory. $150, G. Berry; Fatum.
eh. c, by Imp. CrlKhton-Fatlma 11, $110.
G. Holman; The Trawler, br. c. by Eolo-
Tragic. $310. Dan McCarty: Ainder, b. 0..
by Imp. Crighton-Abble F, $280, W.J.
Zalisky.
PHOTOORAPBKD BXPRSBSL.T FOB THK CAJjL.
money yesterday, and but little change Is expected from
these odd*. In the mutucls of the first 220 tickets written
■116 called for Turner and 104 for Parker. Turner was in
greater, demand to v.in In from one to six or seven to
twelve round . while Parker's admirers were strongly
represented on the last line, eighteen rounds or over. On
form this shows peculiar reasoning on the part of the bet
tors. From what Is known of the men. Turner Is the more
finished boxer of the pair, while Parker Is credited with
the more aggressiveness. The preliminary bout is East
against West. Clarence Richie representing the former,
while Willie Cole is a product of the local ring. Richie
has the longer record, which Is offset In a degree by Cole's
victory over Jimmy Anthony. "Billy" Jordan will ref
eree both bouts. *;'.:;;■
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
iroryrißht. 1899. by H. K. Kctwt.)
TANFORAN PARK, Thursday, December 14, 1899.— Twenty-third
day of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather
rainy. Track sloppy.
J. J. BLRKtr- UreMdlng Judge. J. F. CALUWKLU-Starter.
*•*• BURKE— Uresldlng Judge.
•436* ****** HAf'K— Five furiongs; maiden two-year-oids; purse. $400.
Index. Horte. Weight St. Vim. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. [Op. Cl!
412 Burdock 115 4 ... «14 5 2 6 2 lh T. Burns ~~2 3
lie N-rford m 5 ... 5 h 7', 3 2 2*; M. Bergen 3 9-2
44! v^ TV " 5 3 — 21 In 9ln 3 « Sonßer 4 9-2
li* March Seven Hi l ••• lh 2 h 2 4 4 h Thorpe 6 6
\'i i. I 1 *-"* ; Ul I ... 8 6 8 5 7 4 5 4 (Glvens 8 15
4-4 Sam I»annenlwum..ll.-, 6 ... 4h4h 12 64 Conley 10 20
400 1 * 1 *™" 1 JIB 7 ... 7 1 6 2 8 1 7 1 E.Ross 20 40
M urn v?'" lr ' ! ••• ' 9 9 81 Vlttltoe 5 7
«♦ Hilly Mooro us 1 ... Sh 3 1 44 ,_ E. Jones 5 8
n o i^ m tr il - : ? : ,'; 1 :I V. *! I:<M - Good Btart - Won flrst thre « driving. Winner. Marcus
JJal> br. g" by Matt Byrne»-Abra.
••docge"i " lade a flr>f ' Btretch run - Norford was best and should have won. Billy Moore
Scratched— Ella Dv Toy US.
*46T« SRCOND RACB-BU furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age Weight. 1 St. %m. ' 4m. %m. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op."'"^
42.*. Maud Ferguson. 3. .10? 2 ... 3 U 3? » 1 I h Thome c T
4»0 Grand Sachem. 4.. ..104 4 ... 5 H I U 6 4 2h T Walsh 4 4^
A£i Roxnlbra. 5 11l 1 ... 45 41 4h 42 Conley 7 «»
igSSstpnfl S • - j? !J J5 51, Bullman .... 2 2
<<"> Maß , nu i_ l 104 3 "• 7 * 6S 6H «ll) T. Burns S L>
431 Uncle True. 4 104 7 ... SI 710 710 712 r>vln *> en
(419) Good Hope. 3 90 8 ... g j l j jl'j 1 ' p^\^ n":\:\:n ":\:\:" m £ j
Fen^To^b :2 f M 'bvV,t ; : IB,u1 B,ue G Hoo5 tart - *«■***• Wlnner ' -°-
aw.??r£ BS7S^ s^^GeTu'i ftft Ta^S Ama "
narl?'™'" 1 "*■ Karnl '' m - Maxe "o 104. Esplrando 104. Rlcardo 104. St. Apolll-
468 TIIIRD RA<^E-
-Mile and a sixteenth; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Mm. Hm, %m. Str." Fin. Jockeys. Op"'a!
IM Imperious, 4 106 S 22 12 11 12 12 F" Jone« I I
4- M. owthor ,^ 5....U0 2 5 2 5 4 sh in 2 L £ bS™::::::: 1 !
458 Montanus. 3 103 ( In 22 22 2-: 33 Soncer :.'.''" « 10
Wnn'Srr 1 *! 16 - c 7:c 7: :-16. :32; 9-16. ::.S4: "- 1 *- 1:25: mile. 1:45: 1 i- 16 " 1 - IMU Good start.
Helen Scratch "* a " th "" d drlvlne - Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. £.. by MoreTl":
.. Winner was nevp In dlfflcu ' - Martin on Jennie Reid made a mess of It. Merry Boy
stopped. Erplonase had no speed. Tappan of little account. ' '
Scratched— Graiiy 107. Einstein 104. Glengaber 9S. Judge Wofford 95, Dare II 107.
469 FT>i:nTH RA<^E— Six furlonxs; three-year-old*; purse. |400.
Index.
Horse.
Weight. St.
14m.
4m.
%m.
Ptr.
Fin.
!
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. <1.
1™ « ?. toro in 2 ••• 18 J2 11-11 Spencer 3-5 1
4.17 Rallstft 104 3... 3 4 35 25 28 Songer I «
4X4 Hard Knot 107 1 ... 2h 2>* 3 5 3 4 EJones 3g?
461 Blooming Chance... .lo4 I ... 6 6 41 4 1 H-rtlnT."."::: so 1%
<« Zurich 106 4 ... 4 1 4 2 6 5 Bullman ...... 6 1:
Time— U. :2»*i: »i. :50; %. 1:17. Good start. Won easily. Second and third drlvlnc
Winner. \V .H Jennings' br. g.. by Imp. Golden Garter- Ventura. • an*m«.
«. A L-allni) for the winner. Hard Knot ran well to the stretch.
Scbratched— Senora Caesar 109.
-?—^ 1_ " ' * V
470» FIrTH HA(K pix furlongs"; Bellini; three-year-olds and upward; P urw, $400.
Index. Home. Age. Weight. St. Km. 4m. \m. Btr. Fin. Jockey.. lop* 11 "*!
Index.
Horse.
Age. Weight. St.
%m.
Hm.
*m.
Btr.
Fin.
— - — — — — —- _ I
44« Silver Tone. 3 105 « ... 6 4h 2h 11 T. Burn* 1 7.5
"J-Sweet^WlHlani. 4-..108 1" ... 11 18 1.1 2 2 Bullman .... ' t 7
4.'.2 Tom Cromwell, a. ..107 3 ... 4 h 5 3 m 32 E Jones I I
'<*»> . i M* Goodwin. 5.. .107 2 .... 2 h 3 2 4 4 4 3 Songer . .7.V." 6 V
/-' Karl Islington. 3. ...109 * ■■• 3 2 2 m 5 5 510 SM>ncer 1° *»
41... Mike Hire, a 107 5- ... 55 6 6 • I F Ross v %
• «fs i«o chico. 3 lo^puiifdup .... ... ... ?.. vittito*".'.::::: j?^
t,.. Time— \. J K%: **• :*OVi: **■ 1:17. Bad start. Won cleverly. Second and third ~drivlnir
Winner. W. R. Lara-lore's b. g., by Falsetto-Silver Thread. an* ln*.
... Silver Tone almost left. Burns .raved much ground by hugging the rail. Vlttltoe on Rio
Chlco pulled up. Rallle Goodwin should have been third. • Jones outfinlshed Songer
Scratched Raclvan 101, Cyril 107. . .. -•"-'- c ".-.; . s r
47 | # PIXTH RACE— One mile;' handicap; all ages; purse. $500.
Index. Horse. Ace. Weight. St.
Km.
Hm.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeyi.
Betting.
Op. ci.
<\if.) 7.orcM,Ur. 3 114 S 43 4! 2 3 M Ji Srjencer T» T^
Railway Reorganized.
BAN DIEGO. D.c. 14.-The San Diego.
Puyamaca and Eastern Railway Com
pany was reorganized yesterday, Heber 8.
Ingle retiring as president, E. 8. Bab
cock succeeding hfm. Mr. Ingle recently
disposed of his stock, amounting to 40 per
cent, to Waldo 8. Waterman, who has ,
been manager of the road. Directors
Jerauldin Ingle and J. E. Fishburn also |
retired to-day, their places being taken by
A. K. Babcoek and G. B. Grow. The
other directors are Major Levl Chase,
George J. Leovy. Waldo 8. Waterman
ana E. C. Hickman. At an early date it
Is proposed to reduce the heaviest grades
on the road between here and Foster, the
terminus, so that trainloads may be
doubled.
Native Sons Elect Officers.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— Piedmont Parlor
No. 20. N. 8. G. W.. has elected the fol
lowing officers: B. A. Rathjen, past pres
ident- D. J. Barr. president; William Bac
cus. first vice president; J. H. Woods, sec
ond vice president; W. B. Quigley Jr.,
third vice bresldent; George Planer^ mar
snajr v. W. Doody. recording secretary:
J. T. Fahy. financial secretary; J. Z. Bar
net trustee; Dr. J. C. S. Akexly and Dr.
A. 8. Lee. surgeons. Piedmont Parlor wtll
i five its second grand social and dance
In aid of the 1900 fund at Loring Hall tn
morrow night, for whicn the commft tee of
management is composed of D. .. . Doody
\\llllnm Baccus. J. Z. Barnet J j mJ'
Namara and L. Desimone ' "J ' Mc "
Court New Era No." 165, Foresters of
financial secretary: I. Gold water record'
Ing secretary; H. McCracken senior war
rlen: W H Helleman. junior warden I"
Howland, Sr. 8.. and J. H. Starke 7r B
Another Postal Convenience.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.-Accordlng to an
order received by Postmaster Friend from
the Postmaster General, it has been de
termined, in the interest of public con
venience to provide for the registration
of valuable letters or first-class matte?
by letter carriers on their routes in free
delivery cities. In tn e beginning this new
method will be confined purely to reside i?
tlal districts, excluding therein bus ne^
houses and other concerns, as well as f nt
dividual* who have lar*e numbers of hrt.
ters for registration at any ,one time but
the extension of the benefits of the ser
vice to these as well as to the busing
houses is largely left to the Bound discr"
tioo of the postmaster.
GAVE AWAY
WEIGHT AND
WON EASILY
Zoroaster Appears Unbeat
able in His Class — Four
Winning Choices.
Conceding weight to all but Dunblane In
the mile handicap at Tanforan yesterday,
the stout-hearted little three-year-old
Zoroaster earned another easy victory.
Wyoming ruled e<|ual favorite In the bet
ting with the Shields entry and the handl
capper figured him to rock the thre.
old u> steep, Wyoming did <ut up capati
out in t>:.- lead f"i- nearly six furlongs.
but when Spencer called Ofl Zoroaster he
leisurely dethroned Galen Brown * aeefal
mudiarK, winning in a gallop. N;i|i;imax,
which was away badly, Bnlahed third. The
two-year-old Dunblane riMi out at tl ■
turn, practically rtilnins? his ch..rv
it was perfect weather for "mudders."
and the talent met with more than aver
age luck In picking the winners. Purees
were captured by four of the six favorites
In the betting.
The nine two-year-olds starting- In the
opening .-cnnniilc went to the post with
Burdock, the mount of Burns, ruling a
slight favorite over Norford, Slsquoc and
March Seven. Norford was apparently
the best, but was interfered with on the
bend for home, and in a drive was beaten
out a head by the first choice. Slsquoc ran
third.
A very close and exciting drive marked
the tlnish of the six-furlong run which
followed, Maud Ferguson, Grand Sachem
and Genoa striking the wire heads apart
in the order named. Genua and Amasu
made the running to the stretch, where
the latter gave It up. Genua looked to be
winning, but faltered as the wire was
neared and was beaten two heads. Thorpe
rode the winner, Maud Ferguson, which
was 7 to 1 in the ring.
Louis Baell'i mare Espionage closed a
lukewarm choice for the mile and a six
teenth run, with Jennie Reed next In de
mand. Neither finished inside the money.
After passing the stand Jones, on Im
perious, a i to 1 shot, took the lead and.
never hard pressed won handily. Driving
furiously, Ifeadowtborpe took the place
from Montanua by ■ nose.
'. Such .a hot tip was prevalent on Hard
Knot to win the fourth event that the
price against Ventoro lengthened from 3
to 5 to even money. Hard Knot ran In
second place to the stretch, where he had
enough and the favorite won easing up
from . Ballsta.- Zurich and Blooming
Chance were outclassed.
\ Track Notoes.
Sixteen books cut in for the final three
days" at Tanforan. Most of them quit
loser on the days gambling operations.
Tim Murphy laid prices under name of
the Wheeler Club.
In another Jump or two (Jrand Sachem
would have beaten .V-ui.l Ferguson, and
It Is evident the Montana I. >rse is shaping
around. One or two books laid #J to 1
»pH him.
in explanation of the frightful showing
made <;<»oii Elope Phetaa t^aid the mure
slipped about in th<- muddy RolriK. after
which he diil nut perxevere witn her: Time
wa.s when she like,| mud.
Mr. Caldweil nearly made a bad mess of
thf fifth start, burn.s, on the favorite,
Silver Tone. ua« almost left, with Vitti
toe, on Porto Klcu. equally ai bad away.
Kurns t(Kjk after the Held ami won, but
Vlttl'iw mailr- no eff(»rt with ins mount.
Dan Mahiiiipy. manaser of the l>u
farm and raeuuj stable of Senator Jones
of Portsmouth, K. H.. wjis a spectator at
the track yesterday as the guest of Frank
Covey of Palo Alto stock farm. The N.-w
Hampshire .statesman and capitalist Is
the owner, among others, of the noted
harness performers l.ioiita, Ketonica and
KlngmoDCL The latter trotter mail.
perate bid for the great M. and M. stake.
decided at Detroit last July, and although
he .liil not win iirst money was com
to be the best horse in the race Id,. lit. i
is a I'alo Alto bred three-year-old, and
Mr Mahaney thinks he Is destined to be
come the champion trotting stallion. UM
mark of 'I:\Z was made in the great Ken
tucky Futurity, in which stake the Cali
fornia youngster won two heats, after
which hf tired and was ultimately dis
tanced.
The field books at one time laid 4 to 1
against Zoroaster.
To-Day's Entries.
First race Six furlongs ; .two-year-olds; purse.
... Mountebank — II". 466 S. Dannenbaum:lO3
442 Dlomed ; ...11.. 454 Fine Shot 118
41!> Racetto 11.". (378)Gravlta 115
454 Trent. 108 464 Jolly Briton 115
349 El Arte Hi
Second race— Five furlongs; maidens; all
MM,
430 My Dear: 107 430 Heartless 107
448 Leipilg M ! 464 Limerick 97
... White Hat 97 460 Tuthlll 100
4C6 St. Agnes 37 460 Tonoka 97
... Sallle Lucuh 97 430 M.I of the Hills 97
400 Alice Dougherty 97 ... Miss Reel 107
46« March Seven.... 97 414 Gold Finder 97
... Firelight 11 M Ml Bloom's Chance.lo7
Third — One mile; two-year-olds.
464 Hunello Ml (319)Bathoa ....113
(454) The Lady ICS (447)Anjou ....103
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; handicap.
471 Napamax 113 414 Potente 95
i4.".!«>Klng Carnival. .loß 471 Mamie 0 9:
470 Sweet William.. 94 439 El Estro M
Fifth race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
old* and upward.
443 The Offering. ...lo4 440 Ponco 112
... Don Quixote 109 401 First Call 112
318 Croker 104 210 Indra 112
452 Inverary 11.. ....109467 Grand Sachem. .lo3
Sixth race — Mile and a sixteenth: all aces.
.464 Wallenstcln .... 79 (471) Zoroaster .. 110
451' Lothian Ml 442 Decoy *2
464 Bogus 8U1. i.. 82,
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Dlomed, Mountebank, Prestome. '
Second race— , Dougherty, Heartless,
Limerick.
Tlhrd Anjou, Bathos, Bunello.
Fourth race— Potente, King Carnival, El
Estro. »
Fifth race— Don Quixote, Grand Sachem,
Indra.
Sixth race— Zoroaster, Wallensteln, Decoy.
Will Not Consolidate.
OAKLAND. Dpc. 14— The Plymouth
AvenOC ConKr^atlnnal C'uiirrh hns
not to conaolidnto with the Fourth Cm
grtgational Church.
ARE YOU SUFFERING?
Do you feel the effects of youthful SZ~\ -
indiscretion? Does your back •J[ **j {tfa*^*^\
ache? Are your limbs drawn with. //^ jMM&
rheumatism and pain you so that you /.( " /t-^7mß
cannot sleep? Are you suffering /I I T4. ink
from Varicocele, Emissions, cr an/ / / g m *^ mm^^^ zJL «
of those diseases peculiar to men? [ J «.
Dr. Md Electric Belt , wjST^ ! <J1
will cure you, as it has thousands % v^^^^s,| * \\i\liim X
of others whose case was no '^^^^^^ \^JdMIK. S
different from yours My patent V \^sX^^^^^^ *§£* I
FELT electrode cover prevents SA/^^^^^(i^^^^^^>^,
any Burning or Blistering. Write I^W_-^fi
for my book, -THREE CUSSES >>^*N§§^' *lY^^r ]5^
OF MEN," which is sent free to any address, or call and consult me free
of charge. Office hours — 9 to 6; Sundays, 10 to 1.
DR. T. A. SANDEN, ■ I - i ,Hgi2 I «S Tt
119* So. siiriii St., Lot AHBles, Call; Rusil Biiiiai Poniaii (Jr.
Special Stake at Ingleside.
Zoroaster Wins Against Weight.
TWO FLEET
GREYHOUNDS
ARE MATCHED
Lily of the West and Pleasant
Girl Meet at Ingleside
Park.
E. D. Fallon's stake winner, Lily of
the West, and Murphy & Toland'a Pleas
ant Girl will meet In a special match at
Ingleside Coursing Park to-morrow. The
winner of two out of three courses will
take a special purse offered by the man
agement. The remainder of the card con
sists of a beaten-dog stake with eighty
entries. — The^4raw la«t night resulted as
follows:' " «:"-.
Kijthty .log»— K. Ready's Chauncey VS. Kelly
A Manly » I'al.y Kinic E. M. Kellers'* Lady
• lilni. r. vs. K. M Kelloss'a Hummer; W. J.
Brownlnc*l Mountain llelle vs. Low* A Thomp
son's I'utrla; K. ■•I Keller's lowa M. va.
Murphy & Toland's Ornament: F. A. Me-
Comb'a Ii Ik- Wallace v«. J. Kerrigan - Con
queror; 1... key A Ilock'a Minerva »•. It E. d»
H. Lopes/ s Hants Rita: J. Finn's Johnny F va,
J. S^wcrson's Camlelarta; D. Ford* nontta
ya. J. P. Thrift « Onu.h..i)[»r; T. J. Cronln'a
w n . Duke v "- Mur Phy * Toland'a Twillnht Jr. ;
11. Lynrh's Lottie M vs. Lowe A Thompson's
Little Fuller! W. C. OUaSOWa SleljthbelJa
Maid of tl, ft Mill va. w Perry" a Campania; A.
Johnson a Lowlunda Ta. Corkerr & Horan'a Illth
rtn' I)' i" « 1 * s »°n > « Joy Hell" va. T. M .*,
« i.».. t: . A - J " hnilo n» »»»ld Eaxle ye. Uan.ly la
>mlth-t Ida; R. B. de U. Lope.-. St. Anthony
w.i •. IJy Q rn ,r*,. > '* n9 Souc| : Huaaell. Allen *
WiUon'ii H.-ll^ Clalr v«. X ' a - McComb-a Uttl.
Jokt-r; Hoaaell . i«n A Wilson's Julius Ca-iar
rp. R. '- de D. I- ;-x » Wadena: E. M. Kel-
I'»PK» lowa Bo) va.^J. C ■Ulna* Matrhleaa; J.
Farley a Ca.h Day va. H. a. Derkelman'.
mi)«pahoC: A. \an den Burgh's Kitty V va. J.
11. Pertgo'i IJelle Seward; J. riyrn^V ii«ttt»*
:«hlp v». T. Lomn'a M.«« -Grizzta; H. Lynch's
i£i*?** '•'■ E. Baumelater-s Warrior: J.
() Dowd 8 Shoot va. Si.-t-ln x. r>aly*s Lady
Oswald; H. A. t)eckelman's Old Olory va /
Lenlhan's Rosalie; J. ityrnes' Nelll* D vs.
'•-rkery A tluxanK Her Hlnhnesa; F. A Mr-
Comb's Motto vs. T. J. McHuxh's Moas Ro»«:
T. • in'i L^ah vs. J. O'Dowd'* Clifton Lasa;
J. Byrnes' Eltvennpot vs. E<l Wllaon's Mmcn--
Kla: H. Sterlings Mountain Hawk vs. J. I*.
Thrift's Forjrlve; Kay Bros' Diana vs. J. s»s>
I aerson's Gold Hill; E. D. McCormark's Valley
Ford va. E. DaumeUter'a Winning- Ways: Kay
Uros.' Hawker vs. F. X. Foley's Sweetheart;
J. Kerrliran's LlKhtfoot vs. Fl«min« Bro». ;
Flame; Flemlnir Uros.' Fury vs. D. IhirnV
Mollle Horan; T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tr«l»«
vs. Slr<t>fin * Daly's Bhylock Hoy; FA Me
, Comb's Mian Skyrocket vs. H. nch'a Myatlo
Maid: Kay Hn>«.' Dudley Diamond »•> Low*
* .Thomcuon's St. Oran: B. Reddy's Ada vs.
D. Ford'a Juanlta; Handy A Smith* Fttrontua
t vs. W. I. Trade's Wandertntr Tom.
Special mutch— Murphy A Toland's Pleasant
Girl v- E. i. Fallen's Lily of th« West.
MAY MEET
BOXER COLE
OR RICHIE
Decourcey Makes an Aggres
sive Fight at Relance
Athletic Club.
OAKLAND. Dee. It.— ln the ten-rourul
boxing contest between "Billy" Decourcey
of Los Angeles and "Chick" Flnnerty.nf
the Columbia Athletic Club before the Re
liance Club to-night Decourcey was de
clared the winner In the eighth louml.
The fight from the start was lively and
afforded the big throng In attendance ex
cellent sport. The two men were well
matched, and though in the earlier roumU
Flnnerty seemed to make the best Im
pression, the aggressiveness of the south
ern man proved too much for him finally.
Twice Finnerty went down without being
liii. getting up at the command of hi*
manager. Aa a result of this contest De
courcey will be matched next montri
against the victor <•! the Cole-fUchle bout.
James Fox was referee.
The ten-round bout between Thomas
Murphy and "Kid" Johnson, both of San
rranclsco. proved a walkover for John
son, who knocked his man out In the first
round. The ten-round bout between Phil
Green of this city and "Jack" Weeday of
Michigan proved a surprise. Green mado
a determined fight from the start. Wee
day stood ten rounds of severe punish
ment and Green, though unable to knock
him out. was given the decision by the
Judges. Billy Hughes and Frank Cerlnl.
Jack Kitchen acted as referee. It was
a match of clean fighting In which Green
from the start war. the aggressor. Th©
preliminaries were between Otis Coffman
and Thomas Sloan and "Kid" Wiley and
"Artie" Permien. The affair was well at
tended and proved one of the most In*
teresting exhibitions of Its kind ever
given by the Reliance Club.
LONG SHOT WINS.
Chamberlain Makes a Show of His
Field at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 14.— Andes and
Laureate were the only winning favor
ites over a heavy track to-day. In th«
second race the books laid the fat prlco
of 12 to 1 against Chamberlain, who mad*
a show of his field. Results:
• Selling, seven furlongs— Andes won.
Trebor second. Chlcopee third. Tim- 1:31.
Six furlongs— Chamberlain won, El
derim secondi I 'drop third. Tim*.
1:1SW. '
Selling, one and thre^-elghths miles —
Monk \Va>man won. Jimp second, lu
miro II third. Tin. 2:2»U.
Handicap, one mile and seventy yards—*
Laureate won, Lackman second. Compen
sation third. Time. IMS**.
Selling, one mile- Donna Rita won,
Wentlock second. Hill Jackmaxx third.
Time, l:» 5%. "
Found More Debt.
OAKLAND. I>*c 14 —The directors of
the Home for the Adult Blind haT« found]
42000 more In outstanding bills that ac
cumulated while the home was running
behind its Income during the last two
years. An appropriation of p'JOOO was se
cured from the last Legislature, but this
will not cover the deficiency now that
the additional 12000 of Indebtedness has
been found.
Vienna will soon celebrate the flv«§
hundredth anniversary of the foundation
of Its medical school.RETAIL CARPET
MEN ENTER INTO
A COMBINATION
Prices Have Dropped
Much Too Low.
♦ —
FIVE FIRMS IN THE DEAL
CLAIM THEY WERE SELLINO
WITHOUT PROFIT.
Dealer* Expect to Effect a Perma
nent Organization and Have Al
ready Raised the Cost of
Floor Covering.
Combinations among manufacturers,
producers and trade controllers are form-
Ing with wonderful rapidity. The lat< «?t
In Pan Francisco is a combination among
the retail carpet men to regulate prices
and prevent competition. Five of the
largest carpet hou*<>s of this city are in
the new combination. They are W. & J.
S:r>ane. Dare Hros.. Friedman & Sons.
Charles Fredericks and the Calif orris*
Furniture Company. The purpose of this
combination is to agree on specific prices
en carpets, it is claimed by the carpet
men that the prices of this commodity
are So low thai they are unable to sell
at any profit at all on account of the com
petition. The wholesalers are standing In
with the retailers in this new venture.
Recently the price on Roxbury carpets
»a» raided from 5»0 cents to $1 and the re
tai!« r» have agreed to hold last to this
price. Just whaj carpets will come under
the tupervislon of the retailers' combina
tion has not as yet been determined. It
is expected that a regular organisation
will l-» pet feet t»d In the near future. «omo
thlng in the nature of a trust.
ADVICE TO TEACHERS.
Executive Committee Replies to a
Circular.
The- following circular ha* been Issued
to teachers by tho executive and lepal
committee:
Many of the teacher* have to-«!ay a»k»>.l the
n»embrr» of the ;:. :• r>:»:..-j committee as to
the exact effect . J the i'n>iKinttlon» concerning
6^"rTneJT-efiT~wTTTI the rnrrrhajii irruiiuni sub
tnf.ted by * rirtuliir rent to the »chool» thin
i mln*. find the committee eubmlta the fol
. » •.* ►Titiuu-nt In r«-»i>on«t:
proposition »übmttted by the circular is.
:. '.hat the toucher* clve up all right* in
the |:" »01 now fc<\ld by the I'njoa Tru»t Com
r..l the merchant creditor* In turn Sive
:'.i.J-.t in any money that U now or may
1.-ti.-. : C''tne Into the »chi>ol fund for im
:*■-•.. th-> teaclierx' *.tl.irle* for either Ng
\« ::.;■< r r I •wemtwr, ls!*s, have been paid.
Thri'- ;» at trewnt no money Jn the Bohool fund
fur ifeat »'.<r. and the «inly eource outelde o'
U enMUluiioail amrrJmuot from which any
roSKiAerabl* jnu>unt may hereafter c>me into
§th« m ••>. 1 turn! for :••>■.• i K the collateral
InherltaoOß t»x. The State Fui«rlntenapnt of
t*i !» ■• [% l.a» advlred thl* comtnmee that the
l'< r. . n >f the collateral Inheritance tax that
will ' •.•'■•■*■■ i" i»nj> Ki-Mnclhco for the fiscal year
UM-ISS3 »»U be from tM.O«iO to 179.000. "Hie
rraitUal «.-!Tect of the projKmitlon of the circular
tf. ttervr.iT>-. that th^ tearht-r!« Klve up all
claim lv kii> ;■ n. -.. of the j.T. : ". now held by
th* t.'iilon Ttum Comi«ny, and the creditor*
«ive uj> aJI claim to any jnirt of the \u >•< to
f>.(irn» expected from the collateral inheritance.
UL
Itf comm'.ttee doe« not l>Hieve that thl«
pnfWCiUaa 1» a* alvantßg**!? an a ■'.i\'.-'.' n
<f the 127. Ml in acoonliiti.-e nith the original
»KrcmfBt unJrr »hl«'h the I'nlon
Tru*t C-fftTTtny now holdn the money. Hjr that
a»cri-tment th»- teacher* *nd the merchant cred-
Uon w.-re to dhlje between them any run>lu«
i (.at •.-.■..: ccnif Into the fwhool fun<l after
i>(iilng June fklati>h in i>rt>t»irtlnn to their
Claim*. Thl» wuuld »rlve the trai-her» about *4
j-rr <»-nt and the m<-ri hant creJitora «übout 16
l--r c#ni. ■
Accerdlnsly it tttXm. tu« mo*t pr«.i>aLle ts§
•■l om come into the nchool fun.l from the
•iteral Inheritance tax. thla. together with
».: ax. would muVe m.m ta m divided
hetwevn the tt»nch»-rs and the mvrfhant creJl
:• r>. ap.l the «>hnre of the te«eSer«. or M i«t
(•■lit. woulil lw tTT.n I*.1 *. Hy the rroponltlon cf
t;.. circular the tearhere would receive only
the amount of the collateral Inheritance tax.
< r 1C4.000. The difference between 1*4.000 and
JT7,U\ cr IIS.ISS. v what the committee l>e
!:«\e« the teacher* would I"fe by accepting the
I ri'j«"»ltlf»n of the clrrular.
In « or.c!urlon. th« committee (Jejsire* to *ay
•Imjijy that, in It* opinion. It »h"uld he m
[:•■:•''• that the,.comrroin!fie a*n'' H 'me«t be car
r!*-'l out In ctMid faith by both flden. and the
Ci mmltter believe* thut *<t dnlnc will b«
nx re inlvanta«er»u* to the teacher* than th*
5 r>.:«*itton hubmlttt-d bjr the circular pent out
t-«Jay.
The Btattmcnt In t*ie circular that thl* mm
rr.''tf* haii not called thr attention of the
teacher* Xo there betn* other method* of nettle.
m«Tit than by a power of attorney I* Incor
rect. The plan of the circular of to-d«y In
ROthlas m^re 4 .han t*ie alinn.Hnment by the
tc.-n-Jirrf of all rlrht* In the 127. K31 secured by
l'-.> <~>mpr<.mit-^ aereement. and on i i«> 11 of
It> j rir.trd •■••jwirt <>f November l'» thl* commit
tee »a>>: "I»ut they <th«- tfacher«> can a!way»
•■» nj>e Uttratinn. If they m de>lre. by aban
d'TlT!» their claim* «»ai- «t th^ fund." Ha
%i>ectfully •übmWted.
C H. Ml'nrHV <rhalrman).
UT7AB X IU'RKF
KMMA X HTJNCEN.
"»V. XI. KINGPHfIIV.
L de F. nAnTLKTT.
Committee.
Professor Price to Wed.
14 -
j| The Sunday Call's j!
1 ! GREAT CHRISTMAS j
\\ ISSUE.... j
j 3 Out December 17. i
g* AN INNOVATION IN »i
111 CHARACTER AND QUALITY. it:
e|| Note the Great Features : ffl
■-| V KITCHELL'S MARVELOUS MADONNA. * j
I A composite photograph of the famous beauty types |
< of the Madonna. The most strikingly beautiful pic-
i tire of the age. c
; MY FIRST LIE AND HOW I GOT OUT OF IT, by I
Mark Twi a,
THE LEAGUE OF TEN, by Madge Morris Wagner. i
'.'• A FAITHFUL SERVANT, by Madge Morris Wagner. I
A FAITHFUL SERVANT, by Ou da.
I THE KISS OF NINITO DIOS. by Hester M. Stowe. |
\ FOUND IN THE SNOW, by Mary E. Wilkins. &
• A CHRISTMAS IN CALIFORNIA BEFORE THE GRINGOS it
H CAME by Major Jose Ramon Pico. £f
|i THE RECORD OF MY "WANDER-YEAR." by Father W
. T; Yorke. ▼
CHRISTMAS OF THE VET- THE FUGITIVE'S CHRIST-
'. ERANS. MAS.
CHRISTMAS AT THE FAR- i STORY OF A HAUNTED
ALLONES. V ' *. •.;■;. HOUSE.
THE COUNTRY CHOIR I CHRISTMAS AT MANILA.
CHILDREN'S GAMES FOR CHRISTMAS.
Neither expense nor time has been •pared, and
•« th« Sunday Call. December IT. will be the «i '
QA most artistic and loterestlna Christ-
slty this morning for Rockport. Indiana,
where he will be married to Miss Edith
Hasye on the 27th of this month. Profes
sor Price has been connected with Stan
ford University since the fall of 1592 and
n»iw holds the rank of associate professor
of zoology. The bride is a graduate of
De l'auw University and a member of the
Kappa Alpha Theta Sorority. Professor
Price will be back to resume work with
the beginning of next semester.
WANDY AGAIN TEARS
DOWN STEAM PIPES
Floods the San Rafael Courthouse
and Is Almost Scalded
to Death.
SAN* RAFAEL.. Dec. 14.-Wesson
Wnmly, the Incorrigible prisoner who
mused the authorities so much trouble by
tearing down the steam pipes In the
county bastile and making vicious M
sault* on other inmates that he was ex
ported to San Francisco as* a "hoodoo
has returned to his old abode and Is again
up to the tricks that llrsi brought him
into public notice. Wandy's first attempt
at fooling with the steam heating appar
atus resulted In bin being severely scald
«d. but to-day's work almost resulted in
hi* undoing and convinced the otiicials
that if lie is not insane he is too danger
ous to Ik? permitted at large.
Wandy was brought bacK on a charge
of larceny, he having trie.l to cross the
bay to the metropolis with a sum of
money he had abstracted from the pock
ets of Jack liannon, the Town Marshal
of Han— llto Tins afternoon the prisoner
tore down the steam pines in his cell and
flooded the whole courthouse with steam.
An exciting ."cene prevailed until the tires
had been banked and the steam turued
off.
To punish the factious Wandy. Sheriff
Taylor had him confined in the tanks.
This evening JoiW Ai.hUy heard a hub
bub in the tanks, which have solid oaken
doors, and running to the spot saw
steam pouring through th« cracks at the
top and bottom of the door. He unlocked
the door, but so dense a volume of steam
poured out that the fires had to be banked
and the steam turned off again before he
could enter the cell. Wandy was then
dragged out unconscious and so painfully
scalded that he had to be bathed in oil.
wrapped in a wet sheet and placed In a
cool cell. To-morrow be will be exam
ined by the Lunacy Commission. District
Attorney Mclsaac has prepared a felony
charge, which will be sworn to by Sheriff
Taylor, and If the man is found to be sane
he will be prosecuted fur destroying
rounty property.
BILL INTRODUCED
RECOGNIZING FILIPINOS
Democratic Leaders Consult and ns
a Result Make Known the
Party's Policy.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.- Two joint res
■■■■■<■ Introduced in the House Of
lives to-day by Representative
WilUami of Mlssftislppl, which are the re
sult of a consultation among a numl»-r "t
Upmncratlc lcadp.r-s-la the H---;— amJur^
understood to be expressive of their gen
eral position on the Philippines.
Thertr«t resolution declares the Intention
and purpose to recognize the Independence
of the Filipinos and withdraw our land
and pea forces, provided the Independent
Government agrees to refund the $L>O.OUO.-000L > 0.0U0.
000 paid by the United States to Spain to
Rive us a suitable naval and coaling sta
tion, and grant In perpetuity free access
to their ports.
Another section pledges our friendly as
sistance and also pledges against foreign
Interference or aggression tor ten years,
during which time the foreign affairs are
to be under American control.
Thr other resolutt< i • Informa
tion r* i lati\t- to ih* conclusion of a treaty
with the Sultan <.f Jolo and provldea fof
Hn Inquiry by the Judiciary Commlti
to whether the constitutional provisions
\ery and the statutory pro\l
my apply to the Bulu
m
INDICTED CONTRACTORS
SURRENDER THEMSELVES
Men Charged With Being Accom
plices of Captain Carter. Who
Robbed the Government.
vi;\v YORK. Dec. 14.— D. B. Green. Col
onel J. F. Gaynor, E. H. Gaynor and Wil
liam T. Gavnor, the contractor* with
whom Captain Oberlln m. Carter was as
sociated In the Savannah River and the
Cumberland Sound Improvements. sur
rendered this morning to United States
Commissioner Shields. The men were In
dicted last Friday by the L'ntted States
Grand Jury at Savannah for being con
cerned In a conspiracy by which the Gov
ernment was defrauded out of $575,949.
Michael A Connelly, who ie also a mem
ber of the Atlantic Dredging and Con
tracting Company, and who was Indicted
at the same time, Is said to have left the
country.
The accused demanded an examination
atii the hearing was set for December 23.
Colonel John S. Gaynor and D. B Green
were placed under $2000 bonds each. Wil
liam T. Gaynor and Edward H. Gaynor
woru held In $10,000 bail each.
TOO MANY WIVES.
Warrant Issued for th« Arrest of H.
Hartman of Oro Grande.
SAN BERNARDINOrDec. 14. — li. Hart
man of Oro Grande, who married Nancy
Brown last Saturday, will be arrested to
morrow on ■ charge of bigamy. His first
wife has sued out n warrant, claiming
that sh* was married to him thirty years
npo by a clergyman at Camp Cady, near
Dapgttt. an army post. Hartman being
enlisted as a blacksmith. Two years ago
he drove hr r out of the house with an ax,
tolling her to leave or he would bury her.
She came • • re, and has been working for
many families. Hartman claims he was
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 15, 1899.
J. B. MUIRHEAD'S LIFE
IS FAST EBBING AWAY
BBFORB another day has passed. If the prognosis of the physician Is
correct. J h. Mulrhead. who for nineteen year* h;is kept tjit- resort »t
Haves and Larkin streets, will have psssrfl this life. For th^ past eight
Ml .Muirlii-iiii ha.* been •MiflVrlnß from a wasting ill mis SO. and
from the time It llrst manifested Its. If he realised that death from its
was only si mutter of time. Still he took his fate philosophically.
prepared his estate for its easy transfer to in* wife, Louisa If. Mulrhend,
watts the end. It was thought that he would not survive Wednesday
night, and he is now living practically "ii powerful stimulants regularly ad
minist<
Mr. Mutrhead hns long hern known among the patrons of sculling and.
•. all races on the water. His knowledge of oarsmen and their ability
made hi- enters of Interest when any big events In this lino
>ming off. as it w;i- seldom thai his Judgment was at fault, the sum he
yen on the O'Connor-Peterson race being an example of the manner in which
i:. broke away from the talent and came out ahead. He was a member of
several prominent rowing Clubs in this- city and even after his illness pre
vented active participation In the contests he retained his membership In the
the Pioneer flowing «'iub.
Not l'>np ago Mr Muirhead said that he only wanted to live until his wife
hud secured judgment a* the lawful d'-\l>-<-.- pf the estate "f the late Charles
Walter Willey. A fet i a Jury In Judge Troutt'a court declared the
will bequeathing her the estate valid ai In her favor. Mr
Mulrtu • I the news with joy, and r-ince that time has been steadily
fuillnir 1 i«- was born Jiiiii- 1-.
never married to her. A ff-w
b< went on th>- witness stand in t!
• i '..urt and bw< - his wife
Both i lettlers,
.rt- prominent In this county.
PREACHERS FINED FOR
CONTEMPT OF COURT
Prominent Divines of Omaha Wrote
a Letter CTitizing the Judge's
Action.
oMaha. Dee v . —in the District court
. itcod Reverends
J. T. Mai-Kay and II '' 11. rrini: and W
p. Harford to p • each or t>
committed tv jail for contempt of court
Save the i.artit-s until in o'clock to
morrow U) pay tlu- rhie. They Will
Supreme Court for a >vi" i
bond and t.ih.- an appeal, and then
going to Jj
until a \»'rdi'-t has been rendered In the
ii>- th«- Supreme Court.
The etter written
by the m:- - irding a habeas COT
■ Involving two ihiliir*:!! in the
:-. of th<.- Home for the Friendlee*.
•|<h th<- named gentlemen wt-r<- di-
Mr Qulvey, manager of the
who waa d to appear, has
not been found within the Jurisdiction of
, court and It Is reported he Is In Council
Bluffs. Th. preachers lined an- among
{).<• most ;>ruin: rs In the city.
THREE PERISH IN
BURNING BUILDING
Fatalities Attend the Destruction by
Fire of a Dilapitated Tenement
in New York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— Three persons
were burned to death and one seriously
Injured at a fire that occurred at an early
hour this morning in ■ dilapidated tene
ment at 300 South First street, In the Wil
llamsburg district of Brooklyn. The dead
arc:
MRS. GOSCHER. 66 years of age.
MRS. si san SMYTH. 85 years.
LUKE FREEN. 51 years.
Mrs. Goscher and Mrs. Smyth wcro
found on the top floor suffocated. The
body of Preen was found on the second
floor, badly burned.
Mrs. Preen, the wife of Luke Freen.
jumped from the second story window
and broke her leg.
ST. ENOCH RELEASED.
ASTORIA, Dec. 14.— British snip Si.
Enoch, which arrived last nl»?ht from
Panama, was broußht up from the lower
harbor this morning, having been re
lcawd from quarantine. The St. Enoch's
passage occupied 115 days, the longest on
reconi between the Isthmus and Astoria.
There was absolutely no ground for all
the worry over the failure of the vessel
to make port, for she was merely delayed
by heavy weather. The fear that yellow
fever had carried off her crew was also
without foundation, for at no time was
there any sickness of an Infectious nature
aboard the ship. Ten per cent reinsurance
had been offered on her at San Francisco.
Dedication Postponed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dae. 14.—
The dedication of the new library and
assembly hall, which was scheduled for
to-morrow afternoon, has boon postponed
till some time early next semester. The
reason for changing the date was the in
ability of Mr.-*. Stanford to be present at
the proposed date.
Ordinances Invalid.
WOODLAND. Dae. 14.-The Board of
Pin . : | Concluded the work of
rerialng the county ordinances and iflnda
th<-m to t>e in the condition reportea by
Assistiint District Attorney Hruton— that
Is. the majority of the ordlnancf-s have
not been properly paaaad and are there
fore Invalid.
Saloon-keeper Fined.
TT'BA CITY. Dec, 14.— W. <'. Curry, who
wrp convicted by a Jury Tuesday of run
ninß a saloon at Nloolattfl in violation of
the peohlbiUon ordinance, was ■entenced
thin afternoon to pay ■ tin. of HsO. H<
will appeal to the aujx-ridr Court for a
inw 1111 1 1 al .
California Calendars for 1000.
"California Violets," "Golden Popples"
and "California Wild Flowers." favorite
calendars for IMO; price 50c each. For sale
by Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street.*
■ ♦ ■
THE CITY ATTORNEY
REFUSES TO APPEAR
AI.AMKDA, Dec. 14.— City Attornt-y
Taylor hap noticed the City TTMUm that
ho will not act ax attorney for the defense
Jn the suit of A- V. Fisher against the city
of Alam««lit for $212 50 alleged to be due
htm a* collector of the electric light plant.
The City Attorney states an his reason
that he advised the City Trustees that the
claim of Fisher for salary. $75, as collector
was a legal claim. The resolution dis
missing him was not legal, because it only
declared the office vacant anil did not
name Fleher; further, a city employe
could not be removed after the beginning
of • month except for cause, and no caute
was stated in the resolution passed July 3.
Trustee Hackle opposed allowing the
claim and stated that he contended that
the board had a right to remove an em
ploye when cause Justified It. He said
they had not stated the cause in the reso
lution to spare Fisher's feelings, but the
cause i listed He was in favor of testlmr
the mutter In the courts. Fisher replied
to Mr. Uaclcle's remarks and a squabble
was about to ensue, when Trustee Shulte
moved that the matter be laid over. The
motion prevailed and since that time the
board has taken no action other than to
(lie Fisher's claims, which he has pre
sented monthly. They have been waiting
for Fisher to bring suit to test the matter
in court.
The City Trustees have asked Mr. Tay
lor to meet with them to-morrow evening
to consider the matter.
UNITARIAN CLUB'S
NEW OFFICERS
ALAMKDA, Dec 14 The annual meet-
Ing «.f the Unitarian Club wa* held last
night. Charles L. Weller declined r.
m ay president of the club, as he is
• to change his residence to San
Francisco Professor Frank Boole was
unanimously elected to succeed Mr. Wel-
B. J. Holt was re-elected vice presi
denl and Bralnard C. Brown was again
chosen to till the office of secretary-treas
urer. The following Were elected mem
: ii. •• executive board: C. C. Hughe*
W. B. Kollniver. I>r. H. M. Pond, E. C.
Davis, J M. Taylor and Dr. \V. K. Scott.
The annual r< port of the secretary and
treasurer w.t- presented by Mr. Brown.
After the election Of officers Charles
Reynolds ol s.u; Francisco entertained
the members of the club with a clever ex
hibition of sleight-of-hand and I'r •
P. Pii.^' rendered several selections on the
violin.
JUSTICE EDGAR IS
AGAIN A DEFENDANT
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— Justice Kdgar's
court In Berkeley was to-day again at
tacked In an action brought by W. H.
Marston to compel him to pay a collected
One 6f li Into the general fund of the
town of Berkeley, Instead { turning the
money Into the county treasury. lii re
sponse t" Marston's petition Judge Kiis
worth thin ufttTiioon Issued a writ of
mandat-- requiring Justice Kdgar to pay
the money Into the Berkeley town tr.-u>
ury. or klihw cause on De< smbV r :6 wliy
be should not do S".
Both Died in Foreign Climes.
OAKLAND. Dec 11-PubUc Adminis
trutor B. C. HtWCI to-day applied f<» r
letters on the estate of Johanna
Fischer, who died at Wolfurt. Austria
February M of this year', leaving real es
tate in Alazneda. Los Angeles and San
Bernardino counties and elsewhere valued
at about HS.MO. The heirs are unknown
to petitioner.
Administrator Hawes also filed for pro
bate to-day the will of Alphonse G. V'ogel,
Who died in the «"Ity of Mexico, of which
place decedent was a resident. The in
strument is dated February 2<>, IS!*,*) and
Qyulo Armeny of New York l« nnmi 1 1 as
executor, but he has failed to apply for
letters in this State, notwithstanding tes
tutor left realty in Alameda County vai
urd at several thousand dollars. The
• s In the will are the parents and
two brothers of testator, all residing in
Mexico.
F. B. Granger's Will Filed.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— The will of Fnrley
B. Granger, the hotel man and pioneer,
who diecl at Alvarado on December .*>, was
riled for probate to-day by the son and ex
ecutor. Farlev It. Granger Jr.. who applies
for letters. The Instrument Is dated No
vember :'►;. IBM. and tho .state jt disposes
Is valued at 00,000. By its terms JTOO" is
bequeathed to Clarence A. Granger, eldest
son. now In Holland; $7000 to Edith A.
Chase, a daughter residing in San Jose,
and $1'« JO to John B. Bobbins. testator'H
brother-in-law. The residue noes to the
petitioning son.
Dr. Beckwith Charges Malice.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14— Dr. \V. M. Beck
wit h has sworn to a complaint In the Po
urt i ..urgiiiß John YVorxlworth of
Dln-iond with willfully running into nla
buggy :»nd damaging It. The collision oc
curred In East Oakland. When Officer
Kyt. went to s«rve thf warrant on Wood
worth to-day he found tne latter an In
valid and being attended by two physi
cians, and though the accused did not
have the $2<i ftall required, the officer
left him. Wood worth, it is said, wan
formerly a member of the British Parlia
ment.
Copies of The C all s great
Christmas Edition, wrapped
and ready for mailing, can
be obtained at all nczvs deal
ers', or at The Call business
office. Please place your or
der at once, as the supply
will be limited.
TRADES COUNCIL
INDORSES THE
INPROVEMENTS
c-
Workingmen Asked
for Their Votes.
_ — l*__ — •
ORGANIZED LABOR READY
«
BOND PROPOSITIONS MEET
WITH APPROVAL.
— . .' • .. — .
Committee Makes Exhaustive Raport
on the Question and Gives Un
qualified Support to the
Plans.
At the meeting of the Building Trades
Council held last night the following re
port was rendered:
To the Building Trades Council— Gentlemen:
Your committee to which was Intrusted the
furtherance of the Question of the Issuance of
bonds for municipal Improvements begs leave
to report ns follow*!
At its meeting two weeks since, the Building
Trade* Council unanimously Indorsed the pro
posed bond issues. '
During the Interim the following unions have
met and have unanimously expressed their ap
proval of the measures: Carpenters* Union No.
22; Carpenters' Unl(pn No. 95; Carpenters Lnton
No 4*3; Bricklayers" Association; Amalgamated
Woodworkers" No. 15; Varnishes' and Polish
ers" No. 1: Cement Worker*' Union; Painter?"
and Decorators' Union No. "3; Marble Finish
ers and Polishers' Union: Stalrbullders 1 Union;
Metal Roofers" Union: Tile and Mantel Setters"
Union; Cornice Workers' Union; Stonecutter*
Union, and Derrick Workers' Union.
Other unions will follow as their regular
meetings are held.
Organized labor as re-presented In the differ
ent unions Is doing Its utmost for the success
of the measure*, and It becomes the duty of
every affiliating member to constitute himself
a committee of one to assist In this movement.
Matters of such great -Importance should re
ceive the undivided attention of every laboring
man. as no Question which has ever been pre
sented to the people of San Francisco ha« car
ried such general and Infinite rood.
The Question <>l the extension of our park
system is one that'eoncerns every citizen, resi
dent and taxpayer In no small degree.
The construction and operation of railroads
anil other tram«i>ortatlon facilities are the Im
portant factors In the increase of the population
of the city, and while It so Increases from year
to year and becomes the more congested, the
acquirement Of public space does not Increase
proportionately, and the time must come, If our
citizens are blind to the conditions, when the
absence of such pleasure grounds and places of
recreation will be of manifest necessity, which
necessity has not heretofore been keenly felt,
owing to the- ran Id growth of San Francisco and
the transformation of open and vacant lands
into residence and business centers.
These chungeß having occurred so gradually,
the people are hardly awake to the future re
sult, and If present advantages are not accept
ed. In future little can be done at what the
total will now cost. /
In ISSO San Francisco's population of 233,000
had one acre of park to every 216 persons; to
day, with a population of 350,000. she owns one
acr<» of park to every 214 persons— a strong in
crease which forcibly foretells future necessi
ties.
Pan Francisco has before her the greatest fu
ture of any city In the United States. She Is the
' Intermediate point between our great Ka^tern
and Industrial centers and the Oriental mar
' kets. She In row and ever must be the open
door of the great trani»-Paclrlc trade, and mu»t
necessarily attract Dion attention and be the
objective point of more travelers than any city
In our Union.
It Is for this reason that the spirit of pro-
Kr"-.slvene»e should be rampant. Our citizens
should stop at no reasonable outlay to Increase
her attractiveness, as the results which natur
ally follow Improvement must Increase her land
values In a marked degree.
These are Home of the reasons why the labor
i ing people of San Francisco favor Improve
ment* which affect the welfare of every resi
dent; and organized labor, feeling that It Is
largely responsible for the new city government
and the new organic law which controls that
government. Joins with all other citizens in a
sincere and earnest desire that these proposed
Improvements be successfully accomplished.
p. H. McCarthy.
K. J. BRANDON.
I. .O CHRISTIE.
THOS. RINTON.
O. A. TAUSMIU.
JOHN* P. 'ROAN.
CHRISTMAS HERALDED
BY ENTERTAINMENTS
EAGEB TO EXTEND A WELCOME
TO SANTA CLAUS.
Kindergartens and Sunday-Schools
Are Preparing to Celebrate the
Anniversary of the
Savior.
Christmas festivities have begun and the
indications are that there will be an un
usual number of entertainments of that
character between now and the dawn of
the isth of December. They nave taken
an early start this year and the little folks
are especially Inter— ted la Umm forerun
ners o£ the welcome visit from old Santa
Claus. Sutmay-sehools and kindergar
tens an- particularly busy Jußt now in re
hearsing songs and exercises which are
noun to be produced for the delectation
of fond parents and friends.
The siik and the maimed have not been
forgotten and benefits are being arranged
in ralsf fund* fur the purpose <>( cheering
the lives of the patient! 11l the hospitals.
The various charitable organi2atl<.:
also preparing to lighten ttie burdens and
fur a time at least gladden the hearts of
the city? poor.
The annual Christmas festival for the
benefit of St. Mary's » athedral Sunday
bcdool was held Wednesday niKht at Gol
den (.late Hall, Suitor street, between Ma
sun and Taylor.
A well selected programme of vocal and
musical numbers and tableaux by St.
Mary's and St. BrlfM'l h< nools and the
Sacred Heart orchestra was rendered, and
a pleasant evening's entertainment enjoy
ed. Miss M. Schaefer was accompanist
for the Sunday-school children.
The Pioneer Kindergarten Christmas
Festival will be held In Golden Gat.- Hall
on Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock. A
Christmas tree for the children will, of
course. lie the feature of the occasion, but
the entertainment i>y the little on«-s uni
i..- both pleasing and Interesting. Three
schools are supported by this society, and
through them a great deal of good is ac
complished.
The annual Christmas festival of the
Occidental and Jennie Alice Moore Mem
orial Kindergartens will take place in
I'nlon Square Hall next Tuesday at I'M
p. m. A special Invitation to attend Is ex
tended to the public.
The Young Ladles' Auxiliary of th»
Children's Hospital has placed on sale at
IV Post street copies of Mary Hallock
Foote's book, "little Flgtree Stories,"
donated to the hospital by the author.
The charming collection of storiea em
braced In th" book include: "Flower of
the Almond and Fruit of tho Fig. " "The
Lamb that Couldn't Keep t'p." "The
Gates on Grandfathers Farm," "The Gar
ret nt Grandfathers." "The Spare Room
at Grandfather's." "Dream Horses," "An
Idaho Picnic." "November In the Can
yon." "A visit to John's Camp."
The auxiliary Is composed of the follow
ing Miss La urn Bates, president: Miss
Housrhton. Miss Field. Hiss Drown, Miss
Bertha Smith. M!fs» Hopkins. Miss Edna
Hopkins. Miss Thomas. Miss Helen
Thomas. Miss Carolan. Miss Genevlevo
Carotin, Miss Rates Miss Gertrude B
Miss Morgan. Mls« Therese Morgan, Miss
Crockett. Miss Rmedherg. Miss Moßean
Miss Fottfs, Miss Cadwalarter. Miss Hol
brook. and .<lrs. John F. Merrill, honorary
president.
A grand Christmas entertainment and
ball will be riven l>v the Scandinavians at
Saratoga Hall, Rl4 Geary street. Saturday
evening. December 23.
La Estrella's Christmas.
The very popular parlnr I. a Kstrella of
the Native Pnuarhters Is n lit t lo early with
Its Christmas festivities, for It will hold
its Santa Clans festival In the banquet
hall of the Native Sons" building this
evening. The committee that has the &f
fair In charite proposes by this tn eclipse
any of Its previously given Invitational
functions. The principal attraction out
side of tho cahrlng will be the Christmas
tree, which will be Illuminated with a
hundred tiny electric lights, and one of
the young ladles. In the garb of Santa
Claus. will distribute presents to the
guests and candies to the little ones.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FIRST CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE UNITED STATES.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
GREAT AMERICAN STATESMEN.
Contributors to this course: Professor Albert nu*hnelt Hart. Professor John D*ch Mc-
Mast. r. Professor Charles H. Smith, Dr. Frederic W. Speirs^ Professor Andrew C. Mc-
I.uiißhlltt and others.
IX.— JOHN JAY.
NY JAMES ALBERT WOODHIKN.
PH.D.
The public life of John Jay brings into
review the epoch of American btetoty
from tii.- opt nJng of th.- Revolution to the
beginning ol Jefferson's ■dsatniaUmtloa,
from 1774 to I*>l. I period of a little BMN
than a quartet of ■ < •♦■ntury. In sf udyliip
Jay's career fluring that eventful period
iim sj an advocate of independ
ence, as Minister to Spain, as a negotiator
of the famous peace for indepernl.-nc- in
l"*» 2. as Secretary for Foreign Affairs
from 1784 to 17R9, as first Thief Jus.
the United Htat.-* from 17*9 to WM, an the
maker of the noted "Jay treaty" of iT'.tl.
and as Governor of M< w York fr>«m i"'>»
U> OK Throughout this great career,
whether be be NSjarded as a man, a.s a
diplomatist, as a jurist, as a statesman,
or as a publicist. Jay may confidently tie
pronounced one of the noblest and ablest
public men In the annals of America.
John Jay was of Dutch and French
Huguenot descent. He was born in New
Tort City m December 12. IM B* grad
' fnai King's College, now Colum
bia. In 1764. and four years later, after
hard study in law. he way admitted to th»»
bar. Already the controversy r
whi< h led to the American Revolution.
Jay was of a whig family. Ills tMttUTt
had fieri from France and Holland In pro
test againbt acts of royal prerogative
and tyranny. In 1774 Jay married a Liv
ingston, a representative of another whig
family of prominence In America, and
thus we jce that Jay's antecedents, asso
ciations and Inclinations all combined to
lead him io throw himself Into the came
of American independence. Jay's con-
JOHN JAY.
■SXTaUaill led him to seek a course which.
as h.> thought, wntild most effectually
unit- his countryman in resistance to
Parliamentary aggressions. Hut when his
country was once committed he HMD*
mittM himself fully to hts coantry's
He threw himself without reserve
Into the Revolution and in his ardent pa
triot Ism he was now rttdjf to punish with
imprisonment and exiW- the tory who op
posed his country aftt r his country nad
been drawn Into the throes of war. Sucn
whs Jay *s a patriot of the Revolution
Mission to Spain.
By a secret article annexed to the
famous treaty of alliance between France
and the United States of 177*» a right Sjras*
reserved to Spain of acceding to this
treaty whenever she might think proper.
Congress was anxious to strengthen our
foreign alliances. Accordingly, on Sep
tember 17, 1773, Jay was appointed as Min
ister to Spain to negotiate a treaty of al
liance, amity and commerce— that is, to
induce Spain to come into the same rela
tion with us as France had come.
If his Catholic Majesty (the Kins of Spain)
shall accede to the treaties and In concurrence
with France anil the United States continue
the present war with < treat Britain. If he -..hall
obtain the Florldas from Great Britain, these
United States will guarantee the same to his
Catholic Majesty; provided always that UN
United States shall enjoy the free navigation
of the Hlver Mississippi into and from the
sea. You are particularly to endeavor to ob
tain some convenient port, or ports, below
the 31st degree of north latitude on the river
Mississippi, free for all merchant . vessels,
roods, wares and merchandise belonging to
the Inhabitants of these States.
These words from the instructions of
Congress to Jay indicate particularly,
though only partially, the purpose of Con
gress in this Spanish mission. A port on
the Mississippi, or the navigation of that
river to the sea, was the subject of diplo
matic contention between us and Spiln
for more than twenty years during and
following our revolution. To the Western
settlers there was no other subject of
equal importance. But to the people down
East the great interior seemed »o Viist
and far away that they supposed it must
be settled only very slowly and that gen-
rations must pass before Its con.:,
would be worth considering.
Negotiations for Independence, 1782.
In the face of Spanish delays and eva
sions. Jay's mission dragged Its weary
and fruitless way along until. In 1782. ne
was transferred to Paris to aid Franklin
and Adams In negotiations for our inde
pendence. In these negotiations we find
Jay's most brilliant and diplomatic tri
umph—a triumph most worthy of himself
and his country. With Adams and Frank
lin he won the Ohio Valley and our
boundary on the Mississippi and tne
lakes. The full story of this really bril
liant diplomacy Is too long for th. •-• col
umns, and we can but indicate the ad
verse scheme which he circumvented, and
the results which, with his colleagues, he
did so much to achieve.
Jay's experience at Madrid had revealed
to him the animus of the Spanish and
French court*. He suspected Vergennes,
the French Minister of Foreign Affairs,
of a willingness, If not of a design, M
making a treaty detrimental to the inter
ests of America. During the early nego
tiations at Paris Franklin was sick with
the gout and Adams had not yet arrived
from Holland; so Jay was alone with the
responsibility.
■When Jay learned that Vergennes had
sent Rayneval— trusted agent of Ver
gennes—to England on a secret mission
to urge a policy against pur claims to the
fisheries and to- the valleys of the Ohio
and the Mississippi, he secretly sent
Vaughan to counteract this mission and
to urge upon Shelburne the policy .of
treating Independently with the United
States, without the knowledge and con
currence of France, and especially to re
sist a settlement which would deprive us
of the Mississippi, would strengthen
France In America, and would sow only
seeds of Irritation between us and Great
Britain for the future. Jay found Shel
burne ready to adopt a policy designed to
encourage and widen the breach between
France and her ally.. Oswald, the Brit
ish negotiator, received Instructions to
consent to the treaty which Jay desired.
France was subsequently astounded at
the liberality of the terms that we had
secured, and Franklin, who stood In bet
ter favor at the French court than Jay,
had the delicate task of making apologies
to Vergeones. The astuteness with which.
Franklin placnto.l ♦„•• French statesman
Ist hlnturit. That was a diplomatic office
which Jay could not bo w. II
f'.rmed.
J iy. who i,"d thl- p Bey, warmly
led by Adam*, of negotiating wlth
oui the knowledge nn«l cnncurrei
France. Justifiable in <ll*r.»Mr«llng t !»*- In
struct!. m< of i 'hinU.-t
n«.t. Hut what If our negotl
d and accepted what Fran
■eekJnjr? In tl . hould havn
lost Alat>ama an. l Mississippi, th.. c
part of Kentucky and T.-nn. ■*«♦»•. all of
Ohio. Michigan. Indiana. Illinois and Wis
consin.
"I apprehend." said Jay. "that Conrresa
marked out that line of conduct for their own
sake and not for the sake of France. The ob-
Ject of th.lt Instruction was the supposed Inter
est of America, and not of France; and w«
were directed to ask the advice at the Fr«n<-h
Minister because It wan thmiirht advantageous
to our country that we should receive and tv»
Roverned by It. Congress only, therefore, has a
right to complain of our departure from that
Instruction."
As with all croat statesmen and diplo
matists, bo It was with Jay— the Interests
or his country and the circumstances un
der which he found himself determined
the course which he pursued.
Secretary of Congress for Foreign
Affairs.
On May 7. 17*4. Jay was elected by Con*
Kress Secretary for Foreign Affairs, a po
sition which he held until the Inaugura
tion of the new government under th«
constitution. In 17*9. In these year* ho
continued th. negotiations with Spain
touching the Mississippi and following a
temporary disposition of Congress, he re
linquished, by an agreement of 1781. cer
tain rights on that river for a period of
years. During these yearn also ho did
much to promote the adoption of the new
constitution.
Chief Justice Jay.
When Washington came to the Presi
dency he offered to Jay his choice of tho
Fedora! offices - a
mark of the highest
honor and distinc
tion. Under tho new
administration Jay
wan naturally a
Federalist, as he es
pecially wished to
Tn»e — thr — establish
ment of a Btronjf
and durable Nation
al Government. JIo
believed that a
strong and highly
respected Judiciary,
as Interpreter of the
constitution. could
do much toward this
end. Th- first Judi
ciary act providing
for the appointment
of a Chief Justice
und five associate
Justices win ap
proved on Septem
ber 24. 178 D, and two
days later Jay was
appointed and con
firmed as tho first
Chief .1 us 1 I cc.
"When the spotless
ermine of the Judl
clul robe," says
Daniel Wtbat er,
"fell upon John Jay,
It touched nothing
touched nothing
less spotless than It
self." He was an
upright Judge. Dur
ing his short ser
vice In this office ho
did much to estab
lish the dignity of
the court, to pre
serve Its Independ
ence from legislative
and executive en-
enmrhment, and to
pro Mote lr»» Jurisdic
tion. If not to «e< ure
Its supremacy, over the State Ju>.
and the State |
Jay's Treaty.
i T*?* .Peace treaty with Great Britain
in 1781 had never been executed. We com
plained that Great Britain still held our
\\ estern posts and refused compen.ia.tion
for negroes can away. Great Britain
complained that we had refused to reim
burse the loyalists, and that we had put
ImpcdlmentM In the way of the collection
of British debts In America.
After the outbreak of war between
France and England In 17*3. with our peo
pie divided as hot partisans on the Issue*
of that war. with the republican or
the I-rench party urging our Government
actively to support our former ally, thero
was Imminent danger of war with Eng
land. Washington .— ru Jay as special en
voy to negotiate for the settlement of dif
ferences. ii.- -•...■...:.,! In preserving
peace with honor. }!• brought home a
treaty which for a while was the most
unpopular in the history of American
diplomacy. It caused Jay to be hanged
In effigy, Hamilton to be stoned In th«
streets and Washington to be called "the
stepfather of his country," and the dlgnl
tled Rutledge was guilty of the Indlscru
tlon of calling Jay a "fool and a knave,"
an utterance which cost Rutledge'n con
firmation as Chief Justice to succeed Jay.
Jay's treaty did not, Indeed, secure .ill
that a stronger nation might have se
cured, and it left our country exposed to
national and commercial wrongs which,
would be Intolerable where there was
strength to resist. Hut It Is the unmis
takable verdict of history that at the time
the treaty was better than war. that It
was probably the best that could he ob
tained, and that It postponed our second
struggle with Great Britain until we were
more able to endure It.
Jay Becomes Governor of New York.
It would cause great political surpriso
to-day if the Chief Justice of the United
States should resign his high office to be
come the candidate of his party for the
Governorship of Illinois. No State Is so
Imperial to-day as to command such def
erence, and the nation Is so much greater
In the public eye. One hundred years ago
it was not so. The States were then rela
lively higher In the affection and esteem
of the people and of public men. The of
fice of Chief Justice was then not so well
established nor so highly appreciated. Be
fore lii* return from England Jay was
nominated by the Federalists for Gover
nor of New York He accepted the nom
ination, was elected, resigning from the
bench to accept th» post. During his six
years of service as an executive, from 1733
to 1801. he manifested the same high sen»«
of personal integrity and public duty.
With the Incoming of Jefferson Jay re
tired from public life. He passed th« re
mainder of his days on his estate In West
chester County, New York, where he died
on May 7. 1829. In the eighty-fourth year
of his age.
The story of Jay* life as here related
reveals the character of the man. In a
country destined to republicanism. whll<»
he was a thorough republican he was not
a democrat. He believed that Intelligence
and property should govern. "Those who
own the country should rule it." was his
raying. But In this respect he was but In
harmony with the great majority of the
leaders and statesmen of that aristocratic
age. He was a friend to the people and
to gocd government. As a statesman he
was of strict integrity, fearless and Inde
pendent In his utterances on public hum
lions; and no situation In politics or di
plomacy was ever permitted to vitiate his
character as an honorable man. "A little
good-natured wisdom." he one* said,
"often does more in politics than much
slippery craft." He met craft and deceit
with the character and straightforward
conduct of a high-minded and honest man.
For such a man was Jay, "without fear
and without reproach."
Indiana I'nlverslty.
■■ m ■
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. X.
BATUBDAY,
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
MARY OF THE MARKETS.
AVt& York and Sterling Exchange advanced. Si her higher.
Pig Tin lower and Pig Lead higher.
Linseed Oil and Lucol marked up.
So particular change in cereals.
Deans and Seeds very quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff s weak and dull.
Potatoes and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter lower. Cheese unchanged.
Eggs dull, with a decline in common grades.
Ten cars of Eastern Poultry thus far this week.
Game in sufficient supply.
Oranges continue, to tend downward. Fvie Lemons scarcer.
Cranberries lower and dull.
Dried Fruit market of a holiday character.
Wool and Hides firm. Hops unsalable.
Meat market stands the tame.
Charters.
The Orrat a •.-.••■*! ! •->.• lumber on The
Prrund frr Svir.ey; Wc>ollahra, redwood at Eu
reka for PvJney; Edenballyrnor*, wheat at
Portland for Europe. 40s.
11m Craigmore li>ade wheat at Portland for
Europe. 4va-
Treasure. Ship*
■ ■ . ■ •
The Coptic fcr Hongknag en the ISth took
out th« foJlowlr.r Fpecla:
Filver bars K22.'V»
Mexican dollars 1.0C5.93J
I'TUMan iioles ;.;.V)
Gold com M.Si;
J>lme» ■.. 1,000
Nickels ; LOOO ,
ToUl »1.3:.1.104 !
National Reeeifts and Expenses.
r<ir the f.rst flv<» months of the f.»^s.l year
the Go\-ernment receipts compare as follows:
UH. 1559.
Customs $79.>1.M4 J5-4.7C5.!;««
Jr.t^rr.al revenue 11.'..773.( Cl U7.555.481
i:.- • . .-.:.• ■ iv» S..*<C.C.CI ;•..•'■.- ;:■.■■
Tct*l .tW4.K7.OM *T,<;.G34.590
Th" dlsbursenenti compare as follows:
l«tS8. I?9J.
«'!vll H4.f':.7.316 J4:,.1n3.077
Var ; 127.512.244 Ck.773.322
Navy ;2.155.7:.» 23.3:4.235
Indlnns 4.776.M1 4.1*2.023
IVtiMnni 6f).rj4.'^» €1.4:..i.1M
Interest - IS.L?9.SC4 21.4 M.172
.
Total tX7.R1.504 jrj4.CTl.ooo
Weatlicrßeport.
O2oth Meridian— raclfic T"me >
BAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 14. ISS*-* p.m.
The follom-lng are the rcasonal rainfalls to
date. 1.1 coirrared with thos* of same dat«
:<\t-t :r.,.- :.. and :-..■:.•..'.)- in lart 24 houra:
Laft This Last
Stations— T4 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.34 24.30 8.:»
l>d Hluff 0.52 S.3S 3.04
Facramrnto 0.41 g.;j ;.I1
Kan I'ranolseo O.SI *.C 1 2.V7
rrerno 0.01 3.P2 1.79
Independence trace 122 0.61
f-.m Luis Ohispo trace 5.M 1 II
L'« Ar.gfles M.OO 2.60 0.29
Han Dlegu 0.<"0 1.2S 0.'.«6
Vurr.a 0.00 CIS 0.70
San Francisco '■ta: Maximum temperature,
C; minimum. 45; mean. M.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A stcrm of magnitude haa appeared off the
coast of Oregon and California. The pressure
h*r fallen half an Inch during the past twenty
f.'ur .hciurs from Cape Lilanco tv Cape Disap
t'^ir.t ■"..<■ r.ti
Stortn »lgna> are displayed along the coast
Xrom San Kranclsoo northward and information
t!?nals alung the southern coast.
The following maximum wind velocities an
reported: Fort Canty. 40 mile* per hour from
the ea»t; Roseburg. 28 frnm the east; Eureka.
I' 6 from the eouthfast; Sacramento, *j from the
south.
Northbound vpfsfli ar» warned of heavy
weather from '"ape Mendoclno northward.
Forecast made at San Fr&nclscti for thirty
hours er.dlng midnight. I»«>c«-m»>*r li 1S83:
Nonliern <*alt!i>rnU— Cl.judy Friday; probably
rain; w«rm«r In northeastern portion; frerh
southra^terly winds.
Southern Calii.n-nla-Cloudy Friday, with 00
cafloral nhowers; fresh aoutherly winds.
Nevada— Snow, turning to rala Friday
w.-irmer.
rtah— Snow Friday; warmer north.
Arizona— Fair Friday, with frosts In the
m>irr.lr.g.
:-"an Kranclrco* and vicinity— Cloudy Friday.
»Uh show-rs; Jrf:-h "nuthearterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
A ay York Stock Market.
NEW YOnK, Dee. J4— Exrwctatlor.s of a
furthT «tr»-*K of liquidation In the «tock mat
ket were not disappointed thin morning. Heavy
offering* »rre thrown upon the market from
tl:e outnrt. and th« brokers \rry bold and de
termined | n (j frrriryj pries down. But It wa«
c,h\li>u* thHt there »» not *n acute a prensure
cf neoe*-!ty upnn the market to realize a* wan
the <a»*- yesterday, and never*] envelopments
overnight tielj^J to enrouruge a support of
pries. The market, th-retore. did nut at any
time take on the extreme demoralization of
yesterday. ».* was f»ated, und al.out midway
o! the Kftlin, the bears had relliiqulkhed their
portion und were willing to "roar you as
ir»-ni!y ft a sucking' dove." The conflict «jf
rjxtujativ.e lntere*:* was a fierce, one before,
ttje ImtlWU derided, and prices moved both
ways itt onre in the upenln fc - market and never
irnr.Jn cne dtrectlbn.
The-, determined Support In 1 1 ax iv a* a
notlr* to the bears from th-outnet that they
were not to have thlr.es all their own way.
and thoujrh they.wipej out ' Sugar's openii»K
rIM in »hort order, aid made heavy Inroad*
at other joint* In the industrial list, and .-yen
forwd Ft. Taul k t*alf pjlnt below yesterday's
low level lor the, jenr. the abortive power
of the*tea4>- buying demand: rroved too much
lor the faction)*:*.
Sub&rquent Mtuckr were made up->n the lr.->n I
•nu »teel >?orkn. the .New York City special
ties and la fart ui>yn every stuck where any
in.'ormati.in cou'd be held Af a heavy account
en th» loiib «:<>. with the hope of wiping out
margins and " Jnrcinc liquldailor.^. The nuc
c<»i. achieved, mum have been very moderate,
ju^rir.K from the- utmost complM* recoveries
srhicfi were caused In nearly all ca«n« when
the shorts he C un to- cover. It was notlcoabla.
on the other- hand, tbat the buying demanJ
i, a ? ar ,- fct the ****** »«-el of prices
achieved.. Th.» encoura«ed renewed efforts by
the bejrd up to th» j.ertod of the last traction
whin they refrained from attacking the mar
ket. anatlio cloning w.s firm n.-ar th« top
evel at suJrtai.tial net *a.lr.s all throuwh the
JIM. The outio.,k In the London market c.n
tlnued tv ofler the keyn.tj t« the sprfjlatlve
•ituatl..n. T»:e railure to advar.re the oSrfS
J***; r of dt^rouT-.t hy the Hank of KngUnd in
Jti-elf rflcr^d a »u K rertit,n or rel!»f jro CT yet .
terdaj't epjrehenjiH.n of irold .>;., it> [ r ,, m
here. tho::sh the belief pontlnurd dunnc the
morrln* that gold would go <jU t by Saturday*
netmert.
The Treasury Pe;^rtrr;ent*fi < rf»-r to foreio
the rebate hithert.i detnano^d b»Jm» antlcluat
!*. the payment iof Jat.ur.ry 1 Intrrn-t h«l i
r-rr.tlmental effect In utrengtln-mng the mar
ket. The total amount >,t imcrfK Involved in
tvrw.ooo. and Itn aval'.aLMitv. It if . b.-'iev«i
would make the withdrawal of » nj sol ,l for
exf^rt Jrsii felt. Then curir the buoyant out-
Imrft in the 3~r:t-T! li market «-n» the widely ,n«
temlnated rumor of the relief \ ljKiv'.miifc
and an niiejed canture of Do*r». ThJa^SriS
to brtchten the feeling In lymd'-n .•ccaslonei
by ii li»-a\ > demand for Amrrloan*. Ordem
were cabled to New Tork long aft»r the u<tual
houir. and l<ondoa'« total r>urcha»M tn- the
day were run up to CO. UK) shares. Sterling ex
change refj>ondr<l tvlth v dnp of o»r "4^ in
til* jwiund. Additional cold was received Ji«Te.
to-d*.y »>y the bramhe* of Canadian bank*.
The relief thus afforded to fenr» of gold ship
nurnta was the dominant factor in the late
fitrcnsrth of the market. Bond* rallied from
*nr\y weskne»i> In sympathy with stocks. Total
nalec, per value, £;.f>4s.o</>.
I'nlted Elates bonds, unchanged In bid quo
tations.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
8 harr« Closing
FoNL - Bid.
*.r*6 Atrhlern ;j)
U.SO .vtcl.it.cn prefd ; c
I 6.2&0 Baltimore A- Ohio 63*»
500 Canadian Paclflo J44
l.ofcO Canada Southern 61
IQ.tw! Chesapeake & Ohio SO«4
7,4M> Chicago Great Western ll**
♦6.160 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 12bS
Chic lnd .-. Louisville U*±
Chl< inJ & Louisville prefd 47
100 Chi.- £ East Illinois S3 i
1.4.M) Clilago & Northwestern 13SV* !
14.S3tt c.t » fc o Hock Island & Pacific IC9 i
2.700 C C C A: St Ix>u!» *>* 4
I.'JS% «"olon»d.. Southern SV»
r"' Colo Scjthern Ist prefd 43'»
lw) Colo Southern Id prefd 16
1.410 lVUwaif & Hud.-on lliu
100 IVI Luck * Western 177
l.<» 0 l>enver & Rio Grande.: is»;
3.2^1 )>enver & Rio Grande prefd MS
*.-J Erie i;
LSr.v Erie Ist prefd ZJ\
3,077 Great Northern prefd 163
L«SO Hocking Coal u'i
Hocking Valley 3"i
3.:>0 Illinois Central ui!
2SO I.itm Central 124
250 lu»a Central i r*fd fju I
11» Kane city Pitt* A: Gulf >', ;
luO Lake Erie & Western 1«(
4UO LEA: Western prefd 79
Lkke Shore yis
20.7J0 Louisville a Nashville m.^
47.713 M<mh.ittan L J&&J |
U.SM Metropolitan Street Railway ]7:'\
1.2V0 M.iu.ia Central i»\
Ltf<» Minn A: St L»uU m
I'ju Minn A St Louis prefd *>3
10.XX) Missouri Pacific UK
Mobile 4 Ohio 40
200 Missouri Kansas & . ■.!*. 11
3.4^0 M X & T pref.l 3:4
2») New Jersey Central HG
\2.i12 New York Central VSt%
6.61«J Norfolk & Western -«',
2.132 Norfolk A Western prefd C 7'»
13.v:u Northern Pacific .. " f,<ij
MOO Northern Pacltlc prefd 744 !
I.MO Ontario A Western 131, I
Orrgon Railway & Navigation .. IS I
Or Hallway A Nay prefd 76
10.920 Pennsylvania 1314 I
£.«■« Heading js I
l.:s<' Heading Ist prefd IV-.
(i.tfiS Heading M prefd ;si 4 |
ido Grande -•.■m 41 1 -^ i
Rio Grande WVfttm prefd hi <■
1.200 -• Louis £■ San Francisco »•,« I
St I^ouia & 8 F l*t prefd 6* i
1.420 Bt Louis i s F M prefd 3;
I" 1 St Louis Southwestern 11 '
3.20n St Louis Southwestern prefd 27>, j
o.uo st p.iui ; 1:01, !
&-0 -■ Paul prefd ]«<> j
12<> St I'hul A.- Omaha m
40.;i0 Southern Pacific 3jiV»
«,(«O Southern Railway U
14.J«0 Southern Hallway prefd . . . QU
3.? i«) Tex** & Pacific 15* 4
3s.t<«> Union I'acinv mj
12.41(1 I'nirn Pacinc prefd 74
210 Wabash 71,
4.34 1 ) Wui-n-li prefd |*|* M
LOM Whvelitig & 1. E. m
j'.F.u Wheeling ft 1. 1' 1 refd 27K
1.030 WUconsin ■ Vntrai i;i s
Expreg* Companies —
• • Adams no
100 An-i'Tican ' 1411
11111. States -. 45
— *_ Weiiy Karca .^^..^^ m
Miscellaneous' —
MW Airerlcan Cotton Oil 3314
Sio American Cotton Oil prefd X
?<■«) American Malting ,-a,
Z«Q American Malting prefd 86 !
2.4/10 Am Smeltinß- i Refining 34^ .
l.tlO Am Smelting & Refining prefd hb
American Spirits 31; :
American Spirits prefd 17
2,'.'^o American Steel Hoop ...
i'H) American Steel Hoop prefd 79
IS.I.V* American Steel ft Wire 36
3.1'i0 American Steel * Wire prefd '. ssvi
I.2i»J American Tin Plata -s.Vj
?i5 American Tin I'late prefd 76U
M.170 American Toliaci-<> s;it, i
American Tnhacco , refd 13^ I
6.*45 Anaconda Mining Co ..... 3s
104. M0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7:<'«
7.025 Colorado Fuel ■•. Iron a\
K.l^S Continental ToUioco 311,
4/iSO •^ental Ttbacco prefd 82-.
1^.160 Federal Steel fji*
14.775 Federal St^el prefd 7S\
J.<i«) <Jeneral EUectrtc 112
l.twO Glucose Sa^.ir ] 451^
Glucose Sugar prefd '. K>
J.6X International Tai>er 19 .
1.M9 International Taj>er prefd CS
S.. r .'.O I^clede Gas 7714
210 National Biscuit 33 '
National Klscult prefd yo
700 National Lead ;:,a
National l^ead prefd 113
3.4'rt National Steel . jfiij
4'» National Steel prefd y)
2co New rork Air Hrake 137
2.f"0 North American vi:
100 Pacific Const 474
Pacific Coast Ist [>r»fd m
lOrt Pacittc Coast M prefd ci
9.<70 Partfto Mjill niL '
U.US P»mp|»> Gr* ...*.*.; 106
ICSO Pn-^"d 8t«»e! Or ]"" 54
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd .'. .".' KH
f'OO P»illm«n r*alac«. car .. . iss
I.i'ifl Standard Hope A Twin* '" pix
12«!.773 Sugar I!l»U
Sugar rrefd 113
12.r?'> Tenncfsf-<» Coal *• Iron 55 |
15.r.r^> X'nlted FtateK leather 13%
5.070 fnlted States leather prefd.. . "76 '
2.010 I'mted States Rubl>er ' 41 v '•
4r.:i Vnitod States Rubber prefd '.'.'.'..'lnj't
2.W4 a ■ item L'nlon '" g-v
3.3.V) Republic Iron * Kteel -^ *
2,050 Rei.ubllc Iron & Steel prefd... '" f£u
r c c 4 si Louie ..;;;.;
1.053.000 Shares t«M.
\ CLOSING BONDS.
[\ S2s reg 102 M X AT «5 S9U
f L ; *« >■ ■■■< ■ ■■. N V Central 'i'it's"l»s
a 8 ** coup : M N J Cent gen E5...120H
O B new 4s reg...»4 ,N Carolina €5... ..Er '■
i- 2 "mV 8 coup "HJ., N Carolina 45....:i04
f* re, .... IU-4N SSfcU . '
IBod(.co«p....mu'x Pacific 35...... WU
V S old 5s reg u»s x Marine 45.... lOIH
V 3 is coup "''-"•« VC*S L4s 10s£ •
pisioi coi so.-.. iis ,n «. w con Vs..::: So*
A eWma clans A. .112 N 4 W ffen 6 , j£
Ala»>ama class 8..U1 Or Nay i-t» ins
AlabAma class C..101 Or Nay 45.. lor.v, I
Alabama Cnrrency.lO^ Or Short Llne'eV.JSO I
Atch son *en 45... «7»i ! Or S Une con Is 113-,
Atchison adj 4..'.. Tiili; Reading Gen 45... ";u
Canada 60 He. IT'- It O W Ists.... h* .
Ches & Ohio 4'is.. M 8 L & I M con isIOSH !
Chen « Ohio ta v^US*4 8 LA- S F gen £.10%
C * N\\ con i 5...14: iSt Paul cons 17m '
C*- xwsp deb .> iiij, sp c & Pists'"' !
1 hlriwro T<-rm 4«- • 4p r,
. BO Ran™,
I' A It fl 4a M Stand R a t«■
B Ten,
Tex ft pac Ma
F\\A DC Uti :.' T« A i >a , S 1 m
«.rn El( 2" trlc •'••••••"" ifnlon Pacific 45.."103v t
GKA 8 A ... 110 iWnbash Ists 11^
GHAS AMa I-: |w«ba,h 2d» ::: 1
HAT CBs lowest Shop. 4«. m
It ATO con «5....110 '.via Cent Ist*.... !so '
li"V. a^ >rttr " 1 '•"• m <V« Centuries .... « I
X C P A G 1«t5.... 6S |Va Deferred .. 5
J*, n^tr° n » 4 «--i°i icoio & sou 45...::: uu
MINING STOCKS.
lOlOntarlo 800
Crown Point ... •12 Dphlr in
Con Cal A Va I K< Plymouth ...V..V." OS
Oendwood M Quicksilver \". 1 50 I
?,°V ld , & x. :Ur °' 10 Qttlckallver prefd. 7 00 '
Hale A N'orcross... WKierra Nevada, 45
Homestake COO Standard .... 2«5 ■
Iron Silver SO t'nion Con .... ■■' 95 '
Mexican 34 Yellow Jacket "■ 10 !
BOSTON* STOCKS AND BONDB.V •
Money- (Dominion Coal .... 4411
Call loon- « # a7|Dom Coal prefd.. 118 •
Time loans s««| Bonds- *"="•••••»»
Ktocks— Atchlaon 4* .. . *<
AT * ss F F pVefd::: Adventun ... jit
p"?r r il"* v , n v S " Mloues Mln C 0 ...'. ">!
J'* 11 Teh AtUnUc ...
Hcston * Albany.. 242 |Uo«on & Mont-M.'zS*
Boston Ele^-ated .. 94 Butte A Boston 40
ESlsaSriiv Q ""^ 3i rentennlaJ Hecla:.722 ,
'"•""•»,' Kl^rtrl.- i:r. Franklin \r.
Fed Steel ,. r^M j . —'- j
Mexican Central... U - gulncy ........ ...".ijj.
THE BATs T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1899.
Old Dominion 214:?anta Fe Copper.. 74
Rubber 41\ [Tamarack :....IS2'
Union Pacific .... W|n..na ". 4»4'
L'nlon Ijind 3 i Wolverine* 354
"'"t Electric .... S3 Ctah Mining :s^
Wis Central 174!
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— Money on call, steady
at 457 per cent; last loan. 4; ruling rate, 6 per
rent: prime mercantile paper. s'-,f?S per cent.
Sterling exchange, easier, with actual business
In bankers' bills at $4 87H for demand and at
M fl\*?4 O% for sixty days. Posted rates.
M 524@4 frs4. Commercial bills. $4 Rltf?4 Sl4.
Silver certificates, «.9ijOS',c. Bar silver' SSUc
Mexican dollars, 474 c. Government "bonds,
steady: State bonds, weak; railroad bonds. Ir
regular. » -
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14 -To-«ay $ s statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
t»4j"'«3*»s balance. tM7.775.1M; gold reserve.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— The Commercial Ad-
Tertl»er's London financial cablegram says:
ThU w *« aa emotional day on the Btock Ex
change. It began flat, on the news of the looses
sustained by Genera] Methuen and dear money,
Liquidation was stopped at noon by the rumor
that Ladysmlth had been relieved and the mar
ket hardened sll*htly. Near 4 p. m. it was
stated on the board that the War Office con
firmed the news and this created buoyancy and
a great hubbub, during which little could he
bought. The sensation continued In the. street,
but profit-taking sale* caused a relapse. In
j creased by the announcement that the War
Office had not confirmed the Ladysmlth rumor
: or th* sensational stories of heavy Boer losses.
Consols were 101Hfrl02\%.
American* opened weak, being sold for the
quarter of an hour. There was free buying of
them In the afternoon on the expectation that
New York would buy on the war rumor. New
. York, however, sold, causing a setback. Near
! the close again the market boomed, finally
easing off on the street.
Spanish 4's were 66'»; Tintos, 4J*»'j?4s; Ana
] condas. TS: Utah?. 64.
The bank bought' £15.000 gold In French coin
and £5000 in liars, the first bars taken for a
long time. Thin was regarded as a hopeful
symptom, the market price having fallen to
76a »4d. It Is understood that Berlin will send
here to-morrow £150.000 pold. A Vienna broker
received a dihpatch to the effect that the Hank
of Austria will arrnnpre to supply the Dank of
England up to £2.500.000 of gold, but leading
bankers discredit this. Money was In strong
demand early for exchange operations. The
bank did a Igr,od business In loans. Discount
houses raised deposit rate* 4.
Three small exchance failures were caused
by the fall In WestraUans.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— Union Pacific preferred.
~C>\: Canadian Pacific. K\' t ; Northern Pacific
preferred. 754; Atchison. k%; Grand Trunk.
7: Anaconda, 8; bar silver steady. 27\id per
ounce.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK. Dec. 14 —FLOUR— Receipts.
I 17. C00 barrels: exports, 4.100. Neglected and
' barely steady, closing a little firmer on the late
I ptr«ntMh In wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts. 12.650 bushels; exports.
, 40,222. Spot— Firm; No. 2, 74"ic f. o. b. afloat
' upot; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 78<ic f. o. b.
j afloat to arrive (prompt): No. 1 hard Duluth,
j 81c f. o. b. afloat (near by); No. 2 red. 73c ele
j vator. Options— Opened steady and unchanged,
but sold off under local and foreign offerings
: until checked, In the afternoon by strength In
corn. a sudden demand from shorts, finding
but little for sale, advanced prices sharply, and
the market cloi-ed firm at V,c net advance. In
face of email export demand. March. 74 1.'.-16'<j
7M4jC closed 75^c; May. 74 7-l«;c'a;s 16-l«c, closed
«jc: December, closed R%e.
HIDES— Firm
LEATHER— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady at a net de
cline of 0 to IB points. Total sales. 25.00Q bags..
1 Including: December, $5 70; January, V, 75ft6 00:
Mar. KKfJMj May. $'?.',](, June. »«"5« 05;
July. $6 05; August. $6 10; September, »•' 15 Spot
Coffee — Easier: No. 7 Invoice, 6\c: No. 7 Job
bing, 7«4c. Mild— Barely steady; Cordova, 80
124 c
! St GAR— Raw, steady; refined. *»• ;dy.
Bl'TTEß— Receipts. 2411 package* . steady;
Western dairy. 23©27 c; June creamery. 22a25i»c:
factory. 15i««j20c.
EGGS— Receipts. 6152 packages. Steadier;
Western ungrade at mark, 16G21',4c: Western,
21 Q 24c, loss off.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
NEW Y< 'UK. Dec. 14.— Choice evaporated ap
ples were In good demand and higher on better
I country advices, but other grades move slowly
and the market generally was quiet. California
fruits, quiet and barely steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES—
6^640; prime. €*«<{/ 7c; choice. 7V<jh» % c; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— SH@Bc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13©15 c; Moorpark. i:.olSc
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20622 c: unpeeled, 7Vi-S10c:
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— The temporary uplift
I In the price of tin yesterday was followed to
day by a sharp fall under liberal offerings and
: disappointing foreign news. The other depart
ments were badly neglected and nominal In
nearly every Instance. At the close the Metal
Exchange called pig Iron warrants easy and
lower for futures; lake copper dull and nom
inal at Sl6 75'«17; tin barely steady at J23625 50-
I lead unchanged at $4 65*84 75; spelter dull at
U • M T
j The brokers' price for lead Is 54 45. and for
; copper, $17.
London Wool Seles*
I/'NDOM. Dec 14.— At th« wool sales to
day 2459 bales of wool sheepskins were offered.
Attendance good. Practically al! offerings were
sold after keen competition and specially for
fine combings and crofsbreds. Merinos showed
Id and fln» ern»sbr*ds Hd advance. Inferior
stock sold over the last series. The
home trade secured the bulk.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14 —Wheat opened a shade
down for May at 694 c. It was believed that
j the Government report to-morrow would be
i bearish and there was come selling on this, ;
the market early turning dull and heavy with
the price under puts. Buying against privileges
I held the market steady for some time, when
I further support was received from the strength
of corn and the reduction In the Manitoba yield
| given In the official report of the province.
The Improvement In the financial condition of
Wall street was also an Influence In the
strength near the clew. May eloped 'iif '*c over
yesterday at CS^ic.
Corn was exceptionally strong, due chiefly to
I the sudden spurt In the all-rail demand which
: appears yesterday. May closed at the 'top, Vie
over yesterday.
Oats were very dull, but advanced a bit with
corn. May closed 'isj'.;c over yesterday at "'4 ! ,
$IS»ic.
Provisions were steady, but retreated a shade
from the hl*h plane which the market has re
cently occupied. May pork closed 7Vs©loc lower.
May lard 2>4c under and May lbs to lower..
The leading future- ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. I—
December 6574 66 tf>% 65*4
! May C<»4 63% 69 «9». j
July 70H 70% BS% 70%
Corn No. I—
December so% 31% 80*4 3iu |
January MT4 SI I ., SO 7 . 31>4
%.">£-»: 32Ti «* *"* »h
December H% 22% **« 2'v
May M 24i- 24 fitl
Hew fork, per barrel— *
J? nuar y ...10 1214 10 17% 995 10 074
M «y 10 32* 10 40 10174 10 50
Lard, per 100 pounds—
January 645 5 474 540 642
May 065 5 874 660 6 c
Short Hlbs. per 100 pound.- 6 fa
January 5 374 640 5»0 530
May .„ ■■ 6 47", 660 640 645
Cash quotations were as follows: ~ Flour
ril* i: ?Z 33 v ,"P r J n « wheat. «54'fl«7c; No 2
re.l. «64Hjfls,- : No. 2 corn. Jl« 4 c : No. 2 oats IJ«
23V:: No 3 white 21»i«254 C ;-.No: 2^".' an
Me; No. i barley. 36Q4Sc: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 4"
h^i H?2i»^",T d l « <>32 45: me,,, Pork, per
R *?^V 8 Js®.lJ 5 ®. 1^ 101 inrd - P* l " 10 ° Pounds. *305©
B4S; ,hc»rt ribfi ■ H< '" l'o,>-.e). 15 25©5 45; dry
Mlted shoulders (boxed). »5 374«J SO; short
clear side, (boxed). »5 60S* 65; whlik>\ dlstl"
lers' finished goods (high ' wines), per gallon.
I '1 Z37).
Articles— ■ . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 35.000 21.000
Wheat, bushels «3.000 9,000
Corn, bushels 206.000 81,004
Oat!«. bushels 275.000 241.000
Rye. bufhels 7,000 12,000
Barley, bushels 67.000 21.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries. 16)gKc; dairies.
ietf22c. Cheese, firm. Il*ifil24c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 20c.
Foreign Futures.
Liverpool.
_ Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
°J*nlnc in 5 9'i
' mag | 9T, 59T J
«... PARIS.
■Wheat- Dec. Mar.- June.
Opening \% 4,1 IS 30
<'l<^ln» 18 50 19 40
Flour—
i CJj"" nln « 24 20 KM
Closing 1410 25 40
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 14 -CATTLE-Best steady:
i medium grades, 10<!?15c lower; medium cows.
10'al5c lower; canners about steady. Texas
steers a shade eanler: fancy Christmas steers, i
JT ■< 23; good to choice. $5 40®6 90; poor to i
medium. $4 25©3; mixed mockers, $2^3 75; se
lected feeders, $4 IS® 4 70; good to choice cows, i
$3 CS?f4 50; heifers. 13 4<XSS; canners. $2Q3;
bulls. $2 W«4 10: calves. f4fi7 76; fed Texas 1
beeves. $4 25ig5 35; grass Texas steers. 13 2:.(ti
HOGS— Market averaged a shade lower; 1
closed firm; good clearance: mixed and butch- 1
ers, $3 Mi? 4 10: good to choice heavy. $3 9iQ4 10; '
rough heavy, *3 80®4 90; light. $3 90&4 07',; bulk
of sales. $8 974^4 05.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs active, mostly 105T
15c lower; fair clearances; native wethers,
i*3 90S* 75; lambs. 1455 75; Western wethers.
(4ft 65; lambs. 55&5 00.
Receipts— Cattle, 12,000; hogs, 32.000 sheep.
24,000.
Fancy Christmas steers again reached t8 25
to-day. They were Aberdeen-Angus bred, aver
aging 13S0 pounds and choice.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Dec. 14.— Clearing*. $564,038; bal
ances, $194,226.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 14.— The foreign wheat
shipments from Portland for the week ending
i to-day were 2C2.157 bushels.
The local wheat market continue! to drift.
! and while an occasional small lot changes
hands the totals are so small that the aggre
gate business of the port Is Insignificant. As
high ns .">2c- is paid for small lots of both Val
ley and Walla Walla, but exporters are very
Indifferent about taking hold of much of the
cereal at anything above M to 51c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 14.— WHEAT-Club, 6OV»c;
Blue Stem. tic.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dee. 14.— Consols, 101 11-16: sliver.
17144; French rentes. lOOf 60c; wheat cargoes oft .
const, firm but not active; cargoes on passage,
I rather easier; No. 1 standard California. 30s 3d; !
English country markets, part 6.1 dearer.
LIVERPOOL, /Dec. 14. - WHEAT — Firm;
'. wheat In Paris, quiet: flour In Paris, quiet:
! French country markets, pteady.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 11-22 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter.
I firm. 5s 84d; No. 1 Northern spring, firm, to.
'• Futures, steady; March and May. f>s SHd.
CORN— Pnot firm, unchanged. Futures steady;
December, Ss 6*4 d; January. 3» SUd; February, i
3* Hid. _
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — }t 824
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SB4
Sterling Cables — 4 &s>*
New York Exchange, sight — i;i,
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69>;
Mexican Dollars — 454
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— News wan scarce yesterday. Liv
erpool was firmer, and the tone at Chicago was
strong, with a rood shipping demand. The
market was thought to be largely oversold.
For exj«>rt llft.ooo bushels were taken In two
day*. Receipts were light, and offering* were
absorbed at every decline.
Ttie local market aho wed no change ■worthy
of note.
Spot Wheat-Shipping-. 9TH©9B%c; milling, »l
CALL BOARD BALES.
' Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May— ctls
I1HH; 2000. ««H.
Second Session— May— ctls. $104%.
Regular Morning Session— May— lo.ooo ctls
I106H: ItWO, $105H: 12.000. *l 03%. December'
1900-14.000. $109«».
Afternoon Session— May— ctls. $1 03Vi.
BARLEY— market continues featureless
at unchanged quotations.
Feed. 80c for No. 1 and 60tJ75c for off grades-
Brewing and shipping grades, 85®30c; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales
OATB— Dull, but firm.
"Whit*, II 1001 30; Red. $1 07431 20" Gray !
tl 07401 ITHi Black. 974 c© Jl 074? ' 7'7 '
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at (1 02H®
105 per rtl. All other kinds are nominal
BYE -Wei 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- at $1 90©I 15 per ctl.
Flour and Mi/lstuffs.
Th" China steamer took out 11,310 barrels of
Floor.
FlX>Uß— California family extras, S3 60£3 75.
usi'al terms; bakers' extras, 13 40^3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40' uS 60 per bbl for extra
ii 2553 40 for bakers' and $2 2503 for superfine'
MILLSTUFFS-Prtces In sacks are as fol
lows, ii?ual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $1 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75- it ye
Meal. KM; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. »2 60-
Out Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 25(83 60: Buck
wheat Floor, $4®4 •::•, Cracked Wheat 13 75-
Farina. 14 50: Whole Wheat Flour, S3 50 Rolled
Oats (barrels), »6'< iT 25; In sacks, %i *i54J7-
Pearl Barley, J5; Split Peas, *3; Green Peas'
$: 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The rain Interferes with trad* In Hay and
Feei]«uiffs, and quotations continue weak.
BRAN— II3IJI4 I>er ton.
MIDDLINGS— H7OIO P* r * OB
FBKDBTUFFS—RoUad Barley. tl« 50ff17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2*^27; lob
bing. U' tO^iS; Cocoanut Cake. $:o®21; Corn
nieal. J23 5"1t24 50; Cracked Corn $24«j25- Mixed
Feed. IK 60917; rottonseed Meal. J:** per ton.
HAY— Wheat. t7 iO4|B 50 for common to «;ood
and J9®"» 5o for choice; Wheat and Oat. I7fl»-
Oat. J« 60«S; Barley. $5^6 L 0; Alfalfa, UQ» per
ton: Compressed. I7QIO per ton.
STRAW— 3r,®SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
BEANS-Bayos, $3 25i{?3 50: small White. $2 90
S3; large White. 12 4')(6f2 50; Pinks. |2 Cs®2 75;
Red*. $3 2off3 it; Hlaikeye. $4 50£4 75; Butter*,
nominal; Lima. 14 Kfcflj; Pea. $3©3 25; Ked Kld
ntys, $3 r J> per ctl.
BSXZM Hr.wn Mu*tard. I«i34c: T.Mlow
Mustard. 4fc4 ; v" Flax. J2 12U : Cuttry, ?•
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa.
tf«c; Rape. 2463 c; Hemp. «tf4\4c; Timothy.
RIFD PEAS-Nlles. fl 50« l 90; Green. $1 75
C 2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market run* along about the same, being
yuiet and featureless.
POTATOES-Early Rose. 90©35 c; River Reds.
»a7oc; Burbanks. 40G75c per ctl: Salinas Bur
banks, $I©l 25; Oregon Burbanks. «oc4/$l 10-
Sweet Potatoes. for River and $1 21 for
Merced.
ONIONS-MeM 25 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. s®7c per lb*
String Beans. :,<3'r . Cabbage. 40fJ50c;.Los An
celes Tomatoes. 750(551; Egg Plant from Los
Ancles, 10c; Cucumbers, 11; Dried Okra
12% c per lb: Garlic. 483 c; Green Pepper* from
Los Angeles. 6c; Dried Peppers. B©loc* Car
rot*. 30&40 c per *aekr Los Angeles Summer
Squash. 75c4?U per box: Marrowfat Squash $20
per ton; Mushrooms. 15'a-oc per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Three more ears of Eastern are at hand
making ten thus far this week. Prices remain
low, of course, and there Is a large quantity
of stock unsold. Game stands about the same
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12©13 c for Gobi
biers and l:'&13c for Hen*; Dressed Turkey*
Wai*.-; Geese, per pair. $1 73Q2; Goslings, $175
©2; Ducks. »A4f-t 50 for old and $4 Wffli JO for
young. Hens. J3©»: Young Roosters $3 5004
Old Roosters. $3 50(34; Fryers. $3 50<g4;' Broiler.;
M ...®4 for large and $3 25ff3 60 for small; Plg
cons. 11 per dozen for old and fl 7S@2 for
OAME-Quatl. «F,0Jf173: Mallard. $3ff3 SO
Canvasback, $Slf4: Sprig. $1 75-92 25; Teal 11 '5
©150; Widgeon. 11 25®1 W, Small Duck " $125;
Dove*. 75ff9Oc per dozen:' Hare, tl 25©1 50; Rab
bit*, 11 MCI 75: Gray Geese. $3@3 60; White,
$1 2T.QI 50; Brant, $1 50©2 50; Honkers. $4«5;
Knrllsh Snipe, t2«2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe.
$1 sfrl 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is too much Butter on the market and
prices are off again. Cheese Is unchanged.
Store Eggs are lower and very slow of sale.
Ranch Eggs stand about the same. They are
In ample supply and quiet.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 24c; seconds, 21©
23c.
Dairy— Fancy, 21'4®::c; good to choice, 20c;
common. 19c.
Plcklrd mil. ;i©22'jc; firkin. 20®21c; creamery
tub. 22(g23c.
KaMern. 17«18c for ladle packed.
CHEESE mild new. 12V»c; old. ll'ic;
Young America. 12HW13e; Eastern. la',itri6c;
Western. 11H491&C per 1b
EGGS-Cjuotod at 22Ht?:5c for store and 30Q
33c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold storage.
l»«19c for firsts and lie for seconds; fresh. 21®
23c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The downward tendency In Oranges continues
and the top v quotations for Navels In oar lots Is
52. Fine Lemons are higher, being scarce.
Limes are quiet.
The market Is heavily supplied with Apples
and Persimmons.
Cranberries are lower and dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s@6sc per box for common. "Sc3%l
for good and 51 25©l 50 for choice; Lady Apples.
tl r.fwff; p«>r box
BERRIES — Strawberries. J2^3 for lane;
Cap* Cod Cranberries. $7 60^8 50; Coos Bay
Cranberries. Jl 50 per box.
Persimmons, 2S4M6c per box.
Winter Pear*. SAr^fZ per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. 11 50#2 25
per box: Seedlings, iVn 1 60: Japanese Manda
tin*. $1 50®l 75: Pomelos. ti&X; lemons, HQ
1 60 for common and |2g4 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. 14»4 50; California Limes Zlit
60c: Bananas, $1 60©3 per bunch; Pineapples.
13 50^4 per doien.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market la of a holiday character, there
being no business worthy of note.
DRIED FRI'ITS-Prunes. in sacks. 44c for
40-50-s. 4®4fcc for 50-60's. 34c for 60-70's. 814 c
for 70-SOs. 3c for 80-90's and 2\c for 90-100's.
Apricots, lie 13c for Royals, l2V,{tl6c for Moor
parks and 12*/14 c for Hlenhelms; Peaches .',«
64c for Standards. 6fc64c for choice an-!
fancy; peeled Peaches. UH9Uc; Evaporated
Apple*. 7©7\c; Sun-dried. &&;>4c per II
tartnes, BH(&9c per lb for red. Pears. C 4 .
quarters and SSJIOc for halves; Ulack l'lgs Z'a
SHe; White Figs. 4»«« : Blemhe.l I'lums. gi»v!c^
I nbleached Plums. 7^74c for pitted and IV
for unfitted ""
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy per
lb. |«c; choice. 9c; standard. He; prime, $ci un
bl«-aclied Thompson's, per lb. 6c Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. IHc: choice. 74c; standard fiUc
prime, sc; unbleached Sultana*. :,-■• Spe,jl<»Ms
50-lb boxes. sc; t-crown 1.-w Muscatels. 54c'
8-crown. fi'^c; 4crown. 7c; Loodon I^yerv.'
i-> town, $1 :,o r»r box; Sh rtrwn, $1 co
Clusterjt. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3 All
P rl rr*,, ar * ,f, f - °- b " at c " mraon shipping points
in California.
NITS -Chestnuts. R«?l0c; Walnuts. Mfc
for standards and 9-5 10r fn r poftshell- Al
monds. H4ifri:c for paper-shell. S©lftc [or soft
and 4fisc for hardshell; Peanuts.
Ku-tern and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts
Filberts. l^'ulZc; Pecans. lO' a iic :
Cocoanuts, $4 :^a:.. w '
H<>NKY-Comb. 114f?12c for bright and lOUff
lie for light amber: water white extra. I
iiSc: light amber extracted, 6\&7c dark iUo
p-r 11.. ' ■
BEESWAX— 24«?2«c per lb.
Provisions.
The market Is slow and unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 9', • per lb for
heavy. SV»c for light m«dlum. 10«4c for light.
12V4c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured':
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12V4c: California
Hams, nominal: Mess IWf. $12 per bbl extra
Mm, $13: Family. $14: extra Prime Pork.' $14 m)
extra clear, $17 50; Mess. %li CO; Smoked He
14WHUc per lb. '
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6Hc per lb for
compound and "c for pure; half-barrels pure
TV,-; 10-lb tins. 8c: r.-lb tins. BVic " '
COTTOLENE— TIerc«-s, 7Vfc@7So per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
The stagnation In Hops continues nnd It Is
almost Impossible to sell them. Hides and
Wool rule firm.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 12c; medium, lie; light. 104 c; Cowhides,
lie; Stags, 7&c: Salted Kip. 104 c; Calf lie'
l>ry Hides. sound. 184 & ISc; culls and'
brands, lie; Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; Dry Calf
We; Sheepskins, yearling". 2'.'.i3.> each; short
Wool. K#lOo each; medium, 70ijT90c: long Wool
Illil 23 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 2S©2 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts. &oc.
TAI.I>)W— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No 2
4c; refined, 6V4c; greaae. 2Hc
WOOL—
Fail clip. San Joaquln plains. 9-^lOc; South
ern.g^lOc; Ml4dle County. UQUc; Humtn>Mt
and Mendoclno. lWI17c: Eastern Oregon 12itti;c-
Valley Oregon. 17©lSc; Northern Mountain'
free. 11® 14c: Northern Mountain, defective loe
lie Der lb.
HOPS-«S9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7B per lb for Steer* and 6H®7o
for Cows.
VEAL— 8t?10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c: ewe*. BUe i>er ib.
LAMB-868HC per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%-?5 T 4c for small 6Hfr
6%c for medium and tu;>;c for large: stock
Hogs and feeders, 54c; dressed Hog*. 7gS'».\
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7@7Vie; "Wool
Bags. 2S6SOc; Fruit Bags. 6c. 6' 4 c and 't%e for
the three grades of white and 74c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 M; Seattle $7
Bryant. $8: Cons Bay, $5; Wallsend, $8- Scotch'
; Cumberland. »9 7: In bulk and $11 ■>-, in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg 513 Can
nel. 19 50 per ton. Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. 11l 25; Coke. $13 per ton In bulk and 115
In tacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cash, In 100-lb bags-
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed ;Cc'
Powdered. 5Hc; Candy Granulated. to- Dry
Granulated. 4 »c; Confectioners' A 4T4c-' Call
fornia A. ; Magnolia A. 44c; Extra C 4%c-
Golden C. 4Vic; barrels, l-16c more; half-bar
rels. Vie more; boxes. 4c more; 50-1 bars
He more. No order taken for less than 7", bar'
reU or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrel*
5Sc: boxes. 5T»c per Ib. oarreis.
LINSEED OIL-Is higher at Me per gallon
for raw and 6«c for boiled. In barrels. Case.
Go more. J
LUCOL— Is higher at 69c per gallon for raw
and 61c per gallon for boiled. In barrels. Cases
5c more. '
METALS— Pig Tin Is lower at 27<4«29i4e n*F
lb. Pig Lead is higher at s©6c per lb. P
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. DEC. M, 1599.
Flour, qr Bks 4.502 I Straw, tons.... ' i->
Wheat, ctls 100.3M!Wool. bars «
Barley, ctls 10.1 M Quicksilver, flasks 40
Corn. East. ctla.. 1,200 Hops, bales *-«
Corn, ctls 510 Eggs, dozen. '.'.'.'.'. 7 630
Butter. ctls 133 Wine, gallons... 53 900
Cheese, ct s 191 Leather, r0115.... 175
Tallow, ctls 28 Hide*. No.. 394
Beans, sks 423 Sugar, bbls ..."'. 747
Potatoes, nks 2.53S Lime, bbls 317
Onions, sks »4." Pelts, bd1a.....!!! SO)
Bran, eks 210 ' Raisins, boxes. 1.000
Sugar, sks 850 Brandy, gallons.. 9 500
Hay, tons M '
OREGON.
Plour. qr sks 1.124 Oats, ctla 850
Wh^ut. ctls L4M
THE STOCK MARKET.
- t »
There was more trading In securities yes
terday, particularly In the afternoon, but
fluctuations wea>> narrow.
On the oil exchanges there were no new
features, the market being quiet.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany has declared a dividend of 50 cents per
share, payable on the 20th. This is the thir
tieth dividend, but the first In several years
It amounts to $T,0.000.
The Kllaui-it Sugar Company will pay a divi
! dend of 25 cents per share to-day.
The Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company
! will pay a dividend of X cents per share on
; the 20th.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 23 cents per share to-day.
The Centrhl Light and Power Company will
| pay a dividend of 5 cents per share on the
■ 20th.
The next dividend of the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, to be paid on January
2. will be the laM at 42 cents per share. After
that the dlvldt-nds are to be reduced to 32',
cents per share, or 4 per cent per annum.
STOCK ANT) BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Dec. 14-1 p. m.
U S Bond*— ■ hi.t.A.44.
,4» quar coup.. — _ Eqult G L Co. 5U 5H
4s quar reg w .. — _ Mutual El Co. 14*; V,
4s quar new... — _ OG L & 11... 43*. —
Is quar coup...l»XUo Par Gas Imp.. 50 534
MUceJlaneou*- IPiac Light Co.— 42
Cal-st Cab 55..117»i - BF O A E.... 54*; 65
C C \\at 5«....10J 110V4 San Francisco. 3* 3V
Ed Lit H <5.139 - Stockton Gas.. U -
P" *Cl Ry ta.HS _ , Ini>urar.r»_
Geary-st Rii.- 96 Flrem-s Ftind.227H —
H C A S 5W..11J _ Bank Blocks
1 Do 5s • 106%- iADgIO-Cal ..... (9 _
L A Ry 6e.... — 106 Bank of Ca1. .400 —
LA LCo 65.. M — leal SD A T.. — —
Do gntd 6a.. 99 _ First Natlonl..23S -
.t Do o on» nl <l *■•• — loa Lon P A A. ...11l IK*
LA& I- R 5«.101% - Merchnu' Ex. — M
Market-st fis... — 131 Nev Nat Bk.. — 191>
Do Ist M 58.116 117% Savings Hanks—
«V; -N a X 7.113 - Ger I A L....HM — |
;Mlt of Cal fin. lls US Horn 8 A L...1060 11*0
N It of Cal ss.H3»iU3*« Mut Sv 8k... 33 45
NPC R R 65. 101 — S X Say U... 600 —
i £l \ Clt R 55.107& — Say A L So.. — »2
N Lai R R sslot - S co Sv 8k.?." - 310
OGL A II 58.103 - Union T C 0... lv-
Oak Tran 6a.. - 111 Btreet Railroads—
Oak WCo 6*..10» _ California 120 -
Ocean B S 6b..105V4109«; Geary . . 60 —
Urn CRy 6«...126«i - Market-el ll* -
PA Cl Ry .108 _ o«k BLA H. - *•
£ k *..° X 68.115 - Presidio 15 27H
Powell-it II 68 — 122 Powder—
Sa i ?' 2 *RSa - _ California .... - US
£Fft N P ss.li:, USH F. Dynamite... M -
SF A BJVM. . li:.' 4 118 Giant Con Co. M 91
|»Ry of Cai bs.losv — Vicoiit 3 3'i
S Pof A .112*; — | buicar—
8 P C 6«(ltf.-.). — m |Hana P C 0.... SS —
£ I' <: MIUMKUI - Haw CAS Co 944 -
BP C 6sU9l2>. - — Honokaa BCo 31 11%
>i" ■ 18 ib i>: - — Hutch 3 P Co. 23*4 Zl\
'3PBr 6a 1I3»; - ;K!lrih»r S Co. 20 —
! V Wit in.... - mvi Makawell - Co 41 43
3 V Wat 4»...103' 4 — Dnom^a S Co. — 34
a V \V4s(3dm)lo'>r4 - Paauhau 8 Co. 30»i 31
.-tkton Gas (a. — — Aiixcrilaneou*—
Water Btocko— Al Pack Ax-m.11714 —
Contra Co«ta.. T4 l . 75H M^r Xi Asm.. - too
Mann County.. So - 'Ocranlc S Co.. 96V» 93
Spring Valley. SSH 9SVi lac a F a . ... IS —
uiis and Kiectric— I Pac C Bor Co. US —
Cent Gas C 0... - - I par Paint Co.. iV, —
Cent L. & P.... B\i 6V;
Mornlna; Session.
Board-
Jo Hutchlnnon 8 P Co X 87^i
300 Hutchlnson .< P Co 26 00
25 Oceanic S S Co *7 00
25 Paauhnu 8 P Co in Efl
200 S F GajllKht 3 «v,
150 8 F Qtl & Electric Co 56 23
$6000 S I» Branch Ry 6s 123 75
Street—
6 Bank of California 402 SO
30 Giant Powder Con 90 00
100 Oakland Gas 44 00
$8000 8 V 4s <2d mortgage) 103 25
Afternoon Session.
Boart
115 Equitable Gas 5 50
10 Fireman's Fun 1 Ins 230 00
75 liana Plantation Co 8 50
15 liana Plantation Co • M
5 Hawaiian <'->ml tc Sugar 95 00
25 Hutchtnson S P Co 26 00
60 Mutual Electric Light 14 574
30 Oceanic 8 8 Co 96 75
23* Paauhau 8 P Co 30 50
. 400S F Oaa * Electric Co. ■ 90 55 00
4' S F Gas It Electric Co 56 no
$1000 8 F * S J V bonds 115 73
2.'. Spring Valley Water MOO
15 rlnjc Valley Water 95 75
30 Spring Valley Water X, «2Vi
15 Spring Valley Water 95 50
Street—
100 S X Gaallcht 3 73
$50C0 S P Branch Ry 6* 123 73
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Fr.ard—
100 Equitable Gas 5 CH
If) Oceanic R 8 Co 97 00
10 Market Street Railway 62 n»
2S S F «a» & Electric 53 ro
20 Spring Valley Water 95 «24
10 Spring Volley Water 95 73
100 Vlgorlt Powder 3 23
Afternoon Session.
Board—
ICO Equitable Gas C 50
1". Giant Powder Con 90 no
in Oakland Qsj 43 CO
lftO Oceanic S S Co 97 00
EO Hutrhlnson Sugar Co 26 00
30 S F Gas A Electric Co 56 2$
200 Vigorit Powder 3 C 5
PRODUCERS* OIL. EXCHANGE.
Mornlnr Session.
Board—
25 Blue Goose S3 M
1100 I>omlnlon 40
3.V) Dominion 45
100 National 10 00
. Street—
10 ParkfleM 10 no
200 Caribou 95
15 lame Valley 10 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
COO Dominion 40
ion National 10 00
.V) New Hope 1 M
lfO Petroleum Center 40
100 San Luis 5 37' i
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Pan Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best A- Belcher. 34 100 Ophlr .... «3
ICO Crown Point 16 50 Potosl .... """ '15
100 Gould & Curry. 11 300 Savage... '"" 04
a* Justice 4 100 Union Con '.'.'.'. 30
200 Mexican 37
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 11 M Con Cal A Va..l 75
ISO Belcher 19 «00 Gould A Curry 12
400 Be»t & Belcher. 35 600 Mexican 41
400 Bullion 01 I 100 Ophlr ... S«
100 Chollar 15 M Sierra Nevada". 1 ■
B*l«-h?r 19 *io Gould * Cum-
I«e«t A Belf her. V> Tf*i Mexican ' 41
Hulllnn 0J I(X> Ophlr ... .'.'.' \(j
I'hollar U 300 .Sierra Nevada" LO
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 I ICO Yellow Jacket.. 13
Following were the in th* Pacific^ Stoele
Exchange yesterday:
Morning M on .
DOO Belcher 19 : 2fto Gould & Curry 11
200 Best & Belcher. 35 200 Mexican ... *{
100 Carters OM Co 30 200 Ophlr ' 5
300 CC* Va 1 62>4 410 Ophlr ;....;;.*.*" «5
300 Con Cal & Va..l 63 I 200 Overman .....I. !•>
400 Con Cal & Va..l 70 3"0 Sierra Nevada!! £0
300 Crown Point.... 17 900 Utah ..... . 05
200 Gould & Curry. 12
Afternoon Session.
400 -her IS | 600 Crown Point.... 16
2W Best A Belcher. 35 200 Gould A Curry 12
100 Bullion 04 I 700 Pot on! 17
600 Caledonia — G2 I 500 Savage 09
150 Con Cal A Va..l 70 |
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Dec. 14—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid A«k
Alpha 03 05 Kentuck 01 03
Alta 04 07 1 Lady Washgtn. — M
Amies 10 12 Mexican 49 41
Belcher IS 19 Occidental 12 14
Best A Belcher. 35 36 Ophlr M IS
Bullion 03 04 Overman 11 12
Caledonia 51 55 ' Potosl I<s is
Chollar 15 16, Savage 09 10
Challenge Con.. 14 15 1 Scorpion 03 —
Confidence 65 — 1 Set; Belch»r ... 03 04
Con Cal A Va..l 70 173 ■ Slrrra Nevada.. CO £2
Con Imperial . . 01 02 Silver Hill 04 07
Crown Point.... 16 IS St Louis — 00
Exchequer — 02 Standard —2 7*.
Gould A Curry. 11 12 Syndicate 03
Hale A Norc... 36 37 1 Union Con 10 12
Julia — 02 Utah 06 (<t
Justice 05 f6 Yellow Jacket 1- 13
Discharge of California Risers
The following record of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers la fur
nished by J. B Llppincott. hydrographer of th*
Tnlted States Geoloa;lcal Survey. On* second
foot equals 60 miners' Inches.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAW.
DATE. -t mA i Ff<t -
IS3B. 1S».
>cemb«r 3 »5 450
)ecemb«r 4 ISO «m
>ecember 6 230 J2O
>c*mber 6 250 480
)ecemb«r 7 »$5 410
>eoember » 255 44 »
>»cember 9 255 4M
at jku.ts morr.
DATE. _S ! eond£> !!: _
IW. ISM.
)ecemb«r > 5037 14
Xrember 4 4 «- 3 \l-Jl
teotmbtr c Jg S>2
7 \\ JJs 10 MO
•"'".her « 4Too il aoo
* *- mb » r 9 47ca 10 ;.,^
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKI-AM:
DATE. Bfcond *""'•
1833. 1199.
Member I .".. isn w
>e<«-niher 4 130 760
>K»mbfr 5 130 2
NMHBbtr 6 IS) ,„,
"■<■'nii.fr 7 ;;;; 100 K0
ifcpitibtr 8 MO j;,,
>ecember I 100 7o
BAN JOAQUIN Hivy.n at BKRNI ON
DATE. I Second Feet.
DATE. I- ,
1W«. ISM.
_ r
3ecemb^r 3 1 too <45
>.-fmb.r 4 mo
)<c-fmli^r .'. 130 41 -
lecembfr 6 r>o 445
>..-int.T 7 3&4 j-a
)^..i!it-r 8 3^) ' 3-n
)ecemt>er. 9 550 M
TULOfMNE RIVER AT I.A QRANQ
date. | Second Ft. l Canal»-1899. _
1893 ) lt» Mining. ) Turlock Tofl
tec. 3 1 ISO * 1180 24 ~. ~~m~
)ec. 4 140 1 1180 24 .... "" 5!
)ec. 5 100 1 10C0 24 ....;;;■■ i.
~)*C. 6 100 950 24 " Si
>c. 7 m ko 1 24 .... "*'■ ji
>cc. 8 W 9iO ! 24 .... '"" «i
jec. 9 M ! »50 1 24 ... . "'" ?4? 4
Time Ball.
Branch S Hydmitrfiphlo Office, U. 8 N. Mer
chants' Excbanc*. San Francisco' C«J
December 14. «M. ' -
The time ball on th« tower of the new Ferry
AUCTION SALES
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO. '
AUCTIONEERS. '
31 and 33 BIIT i I . •; STREET.
Telephone Main tOL
CABS paid t«f Furniture. rarr>»t« n..u.
Books! Books! Books!
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY. Dec. 15. 1139. at 11 o'clock a. tn
We will tell In our aal-smnma a larct and
valuable collection of
BOOKS,
-'•tine of over 2M» volumes. ComprlsT-
Art Literature. Illustrated Bio!c» tie etc "*
'.•inlrin l !L rM<l3r an •. •>«*■ on Vtew!
EDWAJU .- SPEAIt & CO.. Auctlon»er».
II and 13 Butter St.
AUCTION SALE
EMPORIUM HORSE MARKET,
220 Valencia Street,
SATURDAY". Dec. U. at 11 O'clock.
nTrtJ U }r?J} Z o .**?* cf Work - Ro * <1 * n<l Draft
10CO to 1500 lb». all broke and sound. Th# puh- -A
lie 1. Invited .to call ani »amln» this £3 ~
and see them In ham*™ any time befor* tale.
BULLH-a:. * DOTLE.
AUCTION SALE
?f? f ?J? EAD OF « n RSES. w "* hin* from not
OaklMd V n E , I ' >IfT » nd HARRIicS7»IS:
or ihine SATLRDAT . »«• ". »t 1 p. in., rala
bulldln* wu droppwi at exactly noon tevday-
J. c. at noon of the lJOth merldUn. or at I
o clock p. m., Greenwich time.
Lieutenant Comfnanl>- n ' '•har»»
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Oeodetlo Surv-r—
Time. and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to Baa
Francisco Bay. Published by official tu
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
th« city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minute* later than at Fort Potnt;
U." height of tide Is the urn* at both places.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER IS.
Sun rise* 7: ti
Sun seta 4:53
Moon sets 5:54 a. in.
□ Time Time Tim* Tlmt
• Ft. Ft. Ft. I- - Ft.
* L W B1 L V,' II W
.5 ... 1:05 1.7 »:22— «.« 4:33 —1.1 U:M «.f
« ... S:S2 J.I l»:0«— 8:14-1.2
HWLWH W L, w
7 ... 0:22— 4.7 4:41 3.0 10:51 « J 1:00—11
i ... l:0« 4.« & » 1.1 U M (1 (:40>-4.»
» ... 1:49 4.1 «:2O 1.1 U. 21 8.7 7:131 0.1
0 ... 2:31 5.0 7:14 t.O 1:07 it 7:SS!— 0.1
1 ... 3:03 S.I 8:11 3.01 I:S4 4.1 t:20! I.
J
i
NOTE — In the above exposition of th- ttd««
the early morning tides are clven In to* !-•-.
band column and the successlva tide* of tha
day In the order of occurrence a* to tlmt. T: •
second time column aivea th* second tlda cf
the day. the third time column th« third •::»
and th« last or right hand column rtvea :- .
last tide of the day. except when th«r* ar* but
threw tide*, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are In addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey char's, except
whan a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then th* number riven Is subtract- frori
th* depth given by th* charts. Th* plan* of
referent* Is the mean nt the lower low water*.
Steamer Movements.
TO AHRIVE
Bteamtr. I From. i Dn».
Albion 'Tlllam<v>k !TVe. IX
Aloha Tlllam — >k Dec. IS
Willamette ....[Seattle t)«c. t»
North Fork H iml • It Dee. U
Samoa Humboldt D»o. U
Marlpoaa Sydney D«c. IS
Newiboy '"•ray* ITarbor Dee. 15
Thyra < "nina and Japan Dec. 11
Columbia {Portland p»<-. it
ro^n Bayrr^...rrrNewp"it.^».^r^.^^^».^^r Pec. tj —
Empire ' *■ -« Bay !>•<?. 11
Horror Cboa Bay D*c. H
Arrata Coos Ray D«.. k
A. Blanchard...|Coo« Bay D<»c. I*s
Newbur» Grays Harbor D*c. 11
Wellington [Departure Bay . D«c. 11
Aberdeen . iPortland D«c 17
Mackinaw IR*attle D»c. ]■; .
F. Thompson. .!D#partur» Bay Dec. 17
Pomona iHumboldt Id#c. U
Walla Walla... Victoria * Puget Sound ' 11
Corona [San T»gn D«c. 11
Crescent Clty...!Cr*seent City Dec. n
Bristol Departure Bay D«c. 11
S. Portland {Departure Bay Dec. v
l'<x|U)ll>- Hlver...t»ray» I! irl.- >r t)*c. n
Alliance (Oregon Port* D«c. t>
Peru Panama Dec. »
Bonlta iNewport Dec. ?>
Jennie jPujret Sound iv,-. .->
Matteawan — Tacoma Dec. 7)
State of Cal....!Port!and D«c. M
Point Arena.... I Point Arena Dec. li
Santa no»a (San Dlrro : |Dec. 22
I
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Pomona ... HumboMt Dee. 11. Ipm Plt 9
Santa Kom. San Diego Dec. l«. 11 am Pier 11
It. Arena.. Point Arena. Dee. i«. Ipm Pier 3
Mblon Tlllair - ' Dec. I*. 3 pm Pit I
Queen Vie * Pet 3d. Deo. 17. 10 am Pier •
Samoa HumboMt Dec. 17. 10 am Pier 13
Homer .... Orrron Port*. Dec. 17. l . am; Pier 29
Brunswick ilumboliit Dec. IS. 10 ami Pier r>
North Fork. liumt>. Dec. Is. 9 an: Pier 2
Coo« 8ay..., Newport Dec. IJ. »am Pier 11
San Joae — Panama Dec. IS, 12 mIPMS^
fcrcata Coos Bay. IDec. IS. lOamipter 1]
i. Dollar... Gray* Harbor|Dec. IS. S pm|
Columbia .. Portlar«l ... |Dec. 19. 10 ami Pier 14
S>wbur« .. (Jra>» Harbor|Dec. 19, S pm'
Corona jSan Dlcso IDec. W. 11 amPler 11
\berdeen . Portland... (Dec. 20. 6pa
Am Mara . ChtnaA Japan! Dec. 21. Ipm PMSS
Bonlta Newport IDec. 22. >am;Ptcrll
••-kjulH^ Rv , Grays Harbor Dec. X
(Valla Wall' Vie * Pict Sd. Dec. 22. IS) am Pier •
State of Call Portland . IDec. 21. 19am'Pl«r2t
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. Dmmbtr 11.
Stmr Tlllamook. Anflnds*n. 22. hours frota
Albion. *• •
Btmr Point Arena. Hanscn. 15 hour*, from
Mendoclno. • I '•
Stmr Greenwood. I"a«erlund. 30 day* from
Greenwood. ' • '.••■'•'
Stmr Miami. Retlley. 4 days 14 hour* trom
Seattle. . • • .
Stmr Alex Duncan. Nopcnd«r.'l hours- from
Pigeon Point. !
Httnr Gipsy. Leland. IS hour* from Mo--
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, c: hour* from .
San Dleco. etc.
Stmr Mariposa. Hay ward, day* from : .
Sydney, via Honolulu.
Haw itmr A»te<\ Traak. «! day* from Minl!a.
via Nagasaki d days. ' . . .
Itr ftmr Robert Adamson. Morgan, it '■'<■'■ '
from NiMtmo. . . • ■■■
Ocr itmr Tanla. Schultx, 83 day* from Ham- .
burr and way ports. '. «
Srhr Emma Claudtna. Nlelaen. It day* (rota '
Tacoma.
CLEARED.
Thuraday. r^.mV-r 14. "
Stmr Lakm^. Srhane. fi*attl#: E T Kru»».
Stmr Geo W Eldre. Randall. AttorU: O R
* M Co.
Stmr Costa Rica. Urry. Panama. etc: P M
S S Co.
Hr stmr Flintshire. Dwy*r, Manila via Hono
lulu; I' 8 Government.
Br ship Glftord. Parry. Liverpool; G II Mi-
Near.
nr -hip Lord Calrna. Da vies. Que«nstown;
Gin In & Eyre.
Hr »hlr. Wm Tlllie. Grteirer. Cap* Town: Glr
▼ln St Eyre.
SAILED.
Thum.lay. December 14.
.Ftmr nontta. Nlcolnon. San Pedro.
Rtmr State of California. Oatf. Astoria,
Ptmr Despatch. Johnaon. Portland.
l.'tmr Alratrax. Carlron. .
S. hr Twilight. Anderson. Grays Harbor.
RETURNED.
' ; Thur«.lav. Dwnnbtr 11.
Schr TwillKht. hence t.-.!uv for Grays Hai
bor. returned on account of carrying away Ji*
halyards off the heads In a stronc southerl/
wind and rough sea.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOUOS. Dec H. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy: wind SE. velocity W mll«.
MEMORANDUM.
SE storm slrnals have b«en ordered at San
Francisco to Eureka, and Information sixnals
In the south.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
.SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 14-Btmr Al-Ki. from V
Skaguay. ?
Continued on Paga Thirteen.WHERE MEN FAILED EBELL LADIES
SCORED A SUCCESS
SACRIFICES HAVE BEEN MADE. |
£1 X adding to th. fund for the site many have sacrificed. Contributors
have Riven gladly to th<» cnu.«»« who mado real denials In doing so.
*" This has come to the knowledge of Ebell and makes each and every
member frol pratt-ful. The memlwrs thempelvcs have worked hard and
faithfully. Where they could not pledpe as much m they wished, they have
Clven th«Jr time; come of them for th* entire month.
The task of securing the money, however, has been a pleasant one. The
Central Interest *hown has been exceedingly gratifying. ThoFe who could
111 afford to pive have added their contribution to those who could' give eas
ily. The library site has Indeed been a public movement.
MRS. R. P. GLEASON.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
MB Broadway. Dec. 14.
THE Society's library fund has
been completed.
After thirty days of hard work
the efforts of the ladles have l>een
crowned with success, and r.ot only
has the f:.\V* Vl necessary for the site been
raided, but there Is a decided surplus that
will go toward the building and furnishing
Of a children's room In the library.
To the ladles of the Ebcll Society the
people of Oakland owe the Jlnal securing
of a library site, when contentions, geo
graphical, political »n«l commercial,
threatened to divert from Oakland the
gift of KO.AM) tnade by Andrew Carnegie
for an Oakland free library. To Henry A.
Chittenden. A newspaper man with a de
fire to do hl» home city a service, do they
owe the donation received from Mr. Car
uegle. To-night sees the ftnafconsumma
tion of the oft -expressed wishes and hopes
< f the people of Oakland.
The site fund was completed to-night,
when Mrs. K. p. Gleason. the president of
the Kbell Society, announced at the "11
brary nlghf at the First Presbyterian
Church that she had received the final do
nation that mado the purchase of the site
l>o*.sible— a telegraphic donation of $3000
from C P. Huntlngton. the president of
the Southern Pacltle Company. Yesterday
the fund lacked nearly $3iXK) on Its face,
with about J14.1>00 In cash, and the possi
bility of fome of the pledges not being
fully collected. To-day many of the
tuedges wen* paid In. but even to-night,
counting cash, pledges and all assets, the
fund Jacked over 11250 of completion. The
ncact total of the fund to-night was $IS.
703 RL Then came the donation of C. P.
Hirntlngton Of $3010. which relieved the
society pf further anxiety. at)d made the
library site an absolute certainty
,, Two , lar S<* funis were paid in to-day. E.
a: Lukens paid his pledge of $MOO and Dr.
gforg* C. Pardee r , u ld his pledge of $501.
These did not add to the total of the fund,
for they were only the original list se
cured by the gentlemen when they under
took this work and failed, but the checks
were sent to-day.
It was with light heart* that the ladies
brgan their preparations for the general
meeting nt the First Presbyterian »'hureh
this ev-nlng. They knew that th» lr fund
was completed and the fact that the
»<ath<r was stormy and would affect the
crowds that were »xi>ected did not bear
so heavily upon them as it might have
done had they depended upon the meeting
to complete thdr fund.
Mrs. It. P. cileason. the president of the
Ltxll Soviet v. opened the meeting with
:*'w wyds. She merely announced an im
jmmpru for tho piano and violin, by John
jv. Met calf and Alex T. Stewart. Then
harles S. Greene, the librarian of th
r< o Library, gave an Illustrated addres*
ipaa the libraries of the country. The
I nlver*lty of California Glee Club sang
•nd Miss Hope Cheney gave a piano solo,
fhen Mrs. Gk-asc.n. through whose Instru
mentality the original library donation
lad boon secured, paid a few words.
Mr. Chittenden paid the ladles of the
Shell a compliment for Vhaving tak*»n the
!brary site question out of the realms of
xtmrnvert-y" and spoke of the hard and
■arnest work of the ladles !n this public
matter. "And the Ebell." said he. "are
mbllc spirited, for by their fruits shall
;e know th^m. nnd those are th«« fruits."
Mayor Snow was detained at the league
if Municipalities and Dr. George C. Par-
Je«» was confined to his hom<* with a cold,
md then John P. Irl<h spoke upon be
half of the citizens. He said In part:
"Two things have l>e«»n settled hero to
nlcht. and the lesser of these is the site
NO PARK TO BE SPOILED.
fk AM .r,i3 to know that the library Is not to be placed In a public park.
*M We have too few park* now and those we have were Riven with the
W idea that they were to remain parks." and not be covered with build-
In**. Already Oakland has used three of her squares up. The County
all 1s on one-, the Hall of Records on another and the Chabot Observatory
n a third. The city ha* been spared the using of a fourth.
DR. C. ANNETTE BUCKEL.
CONTRACTORS
DENY CARTER'S
ALLEGATIONS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Dec. 14.
Cotton Bros. & Co.. principal defendants
In the sr nsatlonal suit brought a few days
ago by Martin Carter. In which the Board
of Supervisors. County Auditor and
Treasurer are also named as defendants,
and involving the, contract for the eon
rtnifUon nf Webster-street bridge. Hied
their answer late this afternoon. William
R. Davis appearing « their at: " l^'-
While making many admissions, all of the
material allegations of fraud, trickery and
trickery made by Carter are denied. They
also deny a substitution of any plans, ad
mitting that thry furnished the Supervisors
with certain blue prints, but claiming no
knowledge as to what plans or bloc prints
were furnished to the San Francisco
Wrtflw Company. The fact of the award
«,f the bridge contract to them for
the sum of fca.soo on November 22. IS3S.
according to plans and specifications filed
June f 13? lS?s. ' « admitted, but they "deny
■.'. any change m sheet No. 10 of tho
t-lan- filed and upon which bids were so-
VZa and received by the Hoard of Su
pV-rUnnrs has ever been made, or any part
fh<rcof is now or ever ha* been changed
» nee tb "same ....^ adopted by said board
or filed." Continuing, the answer recites:
rwendMts admit and all*«* that, to «-co«n
nl^ite Mi. . t«ar«. an<l without charre. Cotton
rruii & Co. c^«Jli«cn»Hy furnt.hed. at • a loan
tor ta« mm and ac
• \h,mtA in iiusi— ntlnn wi»h
" ' ' ' ' ' . / ■» « • • •r,•- v> - •
rlration at Cotton Bro«. A Co. to »aia board.
• ■ • ■■• ■ ■ ■••■•• ■■ : ■ ■ : ,■; r
«rt« of blue print* was delivered to San Kran
... , no . . ■::...•. or belief ■■•■ the
-ILIIM ■llr<SW to enable them to «-»er;
i.n<i rl»ftn» their denial thereto upon that
rnTunl they a ny that «jrcopy or act of Mid
blue rrtntt «v ever delivered to the San Fran
'•K^lSf nZhltM**. annexed to th« com-
BlaUrtT Lilliliinr oo»- " r an > °°P>- :)f: )f
• any other »hwt. of the
plan, for Mid \*>b*ter-#tre*t hrld*e adopts
by «ald board, or aheet c.f htrh EKhlblt A:■
• • • or that any fcheet of which Exhibit A Is
• ropy ever mit part of the plans or irprrlinca
ticn* ujon which any bids were advertised for
and bousing of the Carnegie Library. To
hay«« the library property located and
secured for the city Is. of course, a great
feat, but it is not the greater. The
greater Is the exhibition to the people of
Oakland of what can be accomplished by
unity of purpose and harmony of effort.
There have been many propositions ad
vanced in Oakland, but they have failed
because of n lack of unity. The gentle
man have tried time and again to ac
complish something, but they have never
been able to agree. Hereafter I shall
advocate putting everything in the hands
of trie laales. It is well and lining that
this should hare been accomplished by
the women of Oakland. it 1- well that
(-•■ me of the donations should have been
small and 1 me from the workingman
and the mechanic. Particularly .is this
latter a .good indication, for li means that
• very donation given from this class rep
resents a desire on the. part of some
father to give his child better advantages
than he had himself. And nil that has
been given to this fund, from the small
est, even to the greatest, of which you
will hear later, has been given to make
the future generation better than the one
to which we inf."
Mrs. Gleason reaa the telegram from C.
P. Huntington mak a JtttVM donation.
which was received with applause. "We
are particularly grateful to the centle
man. who has lifted all anxiety from our
shoulders, and who despite the many
calls that are made upon him every day.
has found It in his heart to make SO lib
eral and generous a donation at the mo
ment when It was needed. For the Bbell
Society 1 can hardly express how grateful
we are. This donation has made It pos
sible for us to do something that we very
much wanted to do. It will give us a sur
plus over and above the amount needed
for the site, and Mr. Huntington's gen
erosity will enable us to carry out our
Idea for a children's room In the library.
We have always wanted to build a room
for the little ones. wh»»re they can have
little chairs and tables and pleasant sur
roundings. We have .1 fund of $127 41
raised by the children In dimes and <]i;ar
ters. and even In one case a penny. It rep
resents a great many little gifts. This
fund the ladle* of the Ebell will duplicate,
making it I2T>4 *2 for this room. The pro
ceeds of the baseball came on Saturday
will also go to that room, and all the sur
plus that is created by this last generous
donation will go to swell the children's
fund. And I would only like to say
for the members of the Kbell Society that
they have donated about $I*»' without
considering the work of the ladles them
kplvpk"
EBELL SOCIETY MOVEMENT
WAS BGRN IN A WHISPER
»HE monument by the BtMsfl Society
for the library site ha.l Its birth In a
whisper. That whisper grew to a
suggestion, then to ■ vigorous protest.
And the retail Is such a successful «fee
out of the weak beginning that it will go
down In municipal annals to future Ren
erations of troubled, citizens with Rood
fortune but little faith.
At the Ebell Club one afternoon. wh»n
"Fad*" was the topic under discussion,
and an expected speaker, the Rev.
Charles R. Drown' of the First Congre
gational Church, had not arrived, there
was a cap in the programme that had to
be filled for the waiting audience. Dr.
C. Annette B'.ickel. who was present,
whlFpcrod to Mrs. Frederick B. (Jinn who
s;it next h. r, that the library site matter
might be discussed. Mrs. Ginn gave the
suggestion to the chairman of th. after
noon. Dr. Myra Knox. And then Dr
Buckel arose and with vigor and elo
or solicited by said hoard; and. In this behalf.
defendants allege that the sheet of which said
Exhibit A !c ii copy Is not now and never was
any i.art of the plans or specifications upon
Whlcn Mta bridge was to be or la to be bum.
Deny that Sheet No. 10. or any sheet which
was ever a inn «l said plans, haa ever disap
peared, or anything whatever substituted there
in, or that any substitution, or anything else.
ever did make || 1.6 M pounds, or »ny weight.
less of steel to be used In the construction of
»ald bridge, or so as to make, or that there
was ever made $7000. or any difference. In the
co*t thereof.
In conclusion, defendants' answer re
cites:
Defendants deny that they, or any or either
of them, had any Interest or motive. In any
»uch proceedings, changes of substitution al
leged In the complaint, or that any *uoh pro
ceedings, changes or substitution took place or
exists: or that no other pen>on had or has a>n
Interest or motive In such alleged proceeding,
whether they took place or not; or that *atd or
any changed places or plan as to raid or any
Bhrct So. 10 was clone by or through the con
nivance, fraud or deceit of Cotton Bros * Co..
or otherwise; or that there is or ever wm any
channel or *ul»*t!tute.l rhe«>t. word, figure or
thing In. In reference to. concerning or connect
ed with, the plans or ppeclflcatlons, or any part
thereof, for or In relation to the construction of
said Webster-street bridge.
Cotton Bros &■ Co. ask that plaintiff
take nothing by his action and that they
be dismissed with their costs.
CHARLTON EDHOLM ON
THE TRAFFIC IN GIRLS
OAKLAND. Dec. 14— Mn. Charlton E.l
holm of Chlc.tno. th»- well-known lecturer
and MWMpftpw w .man, whose worth/ ef
forts toward the uplifting of young
womanhond have attracted the admira
tion of Christian people throughout the
I'nlted States, has Just published an In
'.ng and Instructive volume entitled
"TranV In Girls, and Work of Rescue
Missions." The little book Is a compen
dium replete with startling narratives
touching upon the causes that have fed
many (Iris astray. The false hopes and
r consequences of deviating from the
I path of righteousness; the false «m
' , the snare of drugs, of
mock marriage and seduction, the evils
of the dance ajid the IgßOnaei of chil
dren that fill the brothels, are very
minutely explained and a remedy given.
R«scu« work and Ita method* are elab
oratt-ly dwelt upon, and idtog<'ther the
volume Is a revelation of an evil that has
d. and for which a remedy is of
fered. Mrs. Edhclm has, during the
past few weeks, delivered several of h'-r
lectures in lending churches of this city.
(Her** Ttintc Port, a valuable combination of
th» b«>»t known tonlca and diuretlca. Theo.
Gler Co.. Oakland. •
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, FHIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1890-
quene# *poke to the ladles for a few
minutes. Dr. Knox having called for
opinions.
Dr. Buckel protested against the use of
a city park for the site. The parks were
too few already, she declared. When she
sat down the chairman called for a vote
that would express park or nntl-p.'irk.
Th< vote eras unanimous against the use
Of a <-tty square.
A; nii'f. with such a spontaneous dem
onstration, action of Borne sort was de
cided upon, and before Dr. Brown ap
peared to discuss "Fads," Chairman Dr.
Myra Knox had appointed a coraml'tte
to "look into the library site matter."
That committee had Mrs. Frederick B.
Ginn as its chairman. And It "looked. 1 "
Indeed. As to the happy nomination that
resulted li Mrs. <iinn's being selected for
mmlttse that Inserted the rtrst
Übrarj wedm, co comments need be
1 '.ikland knows of the suc
•ll. -He details tO preiH
tlona that made an auspicious be
ginning. '] with Mrs. Olnn
four other ladles of reco^nlzod ability
ted, Dr Buckel, Dr. Knox. Mrs.
J'>hn R Mrs. K. P. Qleason, i>r- >i
dent of BbelL
That afternoon late the committee came
together, only for a few- moments, how
ever, and named an early hour next day
for a meeting and the unfolding of plans.
The following morning. November 10, the
committee met again, each having al
ready inquired as to site*, prices and the
like, and lid out mentally, Napoleon like,
the campaign."
The Aral thing to decide upon seemed
very properly the site. With none In view
the beat work could not be done. The
ladles saw this and secured an option on
the lot at Fourteenth and Grove streets
at once— an agreeing proposition If not In
every respect and to every one an agree
able one. By the following Monday night
the Bbell Society knew what Us commit
tee deemed best, concurred, and the fight
began. With this sketch of the beginning
must be considered the shortness of time,
to realize with what perfectness and dis
patch the matter was handled.
Then the little committee resolved itself
into a committee that included the board
and later a committee of one hundred.
This was done Monday and hastily in or
der that a request to the Council asking
that body to defer a decision as to parks
might have as much weight as need be.
Then the committee embraced the ' Knell's
four hundred members, and with a. gen
eral feeling in their favor against the
using of a park for a site the ladies ret
to work.
The option, definitely settled upon Tues
day, November 12, seemed satisfactory
and the work went on with no noticeable
or noteworthy dissension. Indeed, with
no dissension whatever within the society.
The proposition as put forward by the
committee of gentlemen who had some
time fore made a move In the direction
of a site had been of this character: The
money was to be subscribed toward a
$30,000 site (unselected). no one to make a
payment until all of the $30,000 had been
subscribed. This had not met with pop
ular favor.
The advantage of organization must
first be considered In reviewing the
Ebell's success. Then came the freedom
from political jealousies and ambitions.
Not a part of the constituency, the ladies
were able to solicit voluntary subscrip
tions where the men could not. And with
a named, located, definite lot In view do
nations began to come In steadily and en*
couragingly.
Of the original list of subscribers as se
cured by the committee of gentlemen. W.
J. Dlngee was the first to pay In his
MEN WHO SHOT
VINCENT STILL
ARE AT LARGE
Police Investigation Is
Unavailing.
Oakland Office San Pranol<«cr» Call.
90S Broadway. Dec 14.
The Bhootlnjf of Robert Vincent on Sat
urday night by footpads has caused the
upual crop of wild Ktorles about robberies,
.-ittemptod robbet lei. hold-ups, burglars
and th»- llk»*. Kxclt^d people imaßine that
bohind ewry tree is a hlßhwayman. and
the slamming of a door at night Is trans
f'>rm«-<l Into a burglary.
AnWe from the nhoottng of Vincent on
Saturday night Oakland has been free
from even the average burglary for at
least thirty day*. This leads to the be
lief that either the Vincent shooting *as
the work of a local gang or It was the
work of the name gang that klllrd
Thomas, the West Oakland saloon k
and which had left Oakland until the <x
< Itement of the killing of Thomas should
Mow OV«r. If it is a local gang they ar.'
very Inexperienced men, unn if it if a mr
|an| t hut is working Oakland they
;ir«- rH9 desperate men, who shoot upon
the leant provocation. They certainly are
not men, who go about robbing rooms in
lodging houses and burglarizing houses.
The utory of the attempted nold-up of
Manuel Courant. the employe of the Oak
land Parcel Delivery stables. Is not cred
ited by the police, and Is believed to have
been the result of an overwrought Im
agination. The reported robbery' <>f Frank
Courant 's saloon was not a robbery' a(
all, for Courant told the police himself
that it wan an "inside Job." and he
thought that he knew who took the
money and he would not prosecute.
But while these minor cases are of not
the slightest Importance, the shooting of
Vincent was a particularly dangerous af
fair, and the Police Department Is not a
little exercised over It. Nothing has been
found since the first two days of the
search. The two hats afford no trace of
the men. for there is nothing about ihe
hats to give any clew aa to the pur
chasers. There are thousands of hats of
pledge. This was the signal for many
other payments and new pledges and
gifts from 1 Id and young, until, it will be
remembered, that Thanksgiving day, a
slii it time onlj after the start, the ladles
were rejoicing with Oakland In 'he pos
; 115,009,
Much of the readiness of oakla.id res
idents to sif:n ThHr names for amounts
fp>ni the opposition t" taking one of
the parks and In view of the fact that
Mr Carnegie has In the past considered
it qulto ai 'able to sad to the park»
I <if a city as to its llbrarv accommodations.
history of the days ..f work and
waiting that the Bbell has experienced
wHI ki'iivsn and appreciated to lie. .1
; reviewing. Praise from all sides Is glvt'n
I the society col md Individual!/.
But it may b< properly added that the
I ladies ;th a.s iiiiT to disclaim a «uper
i abundance of 1 'ikland Is to civ**
it. Th. j do 1 I feel that they have don*
something thnt the men could not do. Ft,
they argue, what COUld have been done
without the in*:.' And they eagerly di
vide the honors showered upon them.
THE WOMEN THROUGH WHOM
THE FUND WAS COLLECTED
J^HTS Is a list of the members of the
BbsU Siclety, every one of whom did
her share in the work of collecting
th© momy for the library site:
LIFE MBMBBRB.
Mrs. M. P. Henton, 5.T? Sixteenth street:
Miss M. F. Benton. 533 Sixteenth street;
Mrs. J. C. Campbell, lOM Twelfth street;
Mrs. C. M. C'"ik. rTonolulu, Hawaiian Isl
ands: Miss M. X Culbertson, (Jeneseo. N.
V.: Mrs. D. W Oelwicks. 1009 Madison
street: Mrs. Eugene Gould 1713 McAllis
ter street. San Francisco; Mrs. M. D. P.
Watß'in, Revere, Mass.
HONdHAKY MKMHERS.
Mrs. P. P. Browne, 9"1 Powell Btroet,
San Francisco; Miss Ina D. Coolbrlth.
l'J'.T W*t-i.r sir. .-i. Mi.-«s F. A. Dean, 121 s )
Suttcr street. San Francisco; Mrs. J. <;.
Lemmon, EABG Telesrapta avenue, post
offlco Alden. Cal.; Mrs. J. B. McCheaney.
13W Franklin street; Mrs. J. B. RlchaH
pon. Piedmont; Mrs. Shi-rnian. Ti;s
Seventeenth street; Mrs. Charles \V.
Wendte, 22C Huntlngton avenue, Boston,
Mass.
MEMBERS. 1599-1900. x
Mm. N. A. Ackor. Miss Carrie Adams,
Mrs. Frank L. Ariamp. Mrs. C L. AdoU,
Mrs. J. C. S. Akerly. Miss Mary Alex
ander, Mrs. Frederick A. Allardt, Mrs.
James G. Allen, Mtb. R. H. Allen, Mrs.
J. P. Ames. Mlbh Stella Ames. Mrs. R. M.
Anthony. Mrs. Charles William Armes.
Mm. C. W. Armi's Jr.. Mrs. Irving Avers.
Miss M. R. Hanson. Mrs. Allen H. Bab
mrk. Mrs W. H. Ballsy. Mrs. George W.
Baker. Mrs. J. E. Bakor, Mrp. Lloyd Bali
win. Dr. L. L. Ballard, Mrs. FrankMn
the same mako, style and size worn -In
Oakland and Han Francisco every day.
Chief of Police HodKkins thinks that
the men are Inexperienced, and he cites
the fact that they shot at a man who was
trying to escape ami who could probably
not have recognized th<>m. That the men
escaped after they had fired a shot in
such a populous neighborhood is what is
provoking; comment from both the public
and the Chief.
"The city has been In good condition
this winter aside from the killing of
Thomas and the shooting of Vincent,"
said Mayor Snow to-day. "The great
trouble with thin town is its nearness to
Ban Francisco. Men can come to Oakland.
dn their work and escape to the city on
the next train. Our police force it small
and our detectives fpw. Oakland has
T5.000 population and hut sixty policemen,
Los Angeles, with 100.000 population, has
284 policemen."
ATTORNEY GETS INTO
JAIL AND OUT AGAIN
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— Attorney R. E.
Hewitt still refuses to pay the $20 fine lm
j.osed upon him by Police Judge Smith on
conviction of having violated the bicycle
ordinance. His appeal from the Police
Court was dismissed by Superior Judge
Hall last Tuesday owing to defective pa
pers, and to-day Ihe remlttitur was hand
ed down, wh^n the young attorney was
promptly placed under arrest to serve the
alternative ten days In the City Prison.
He remained In jail only tifteen minutes,
for he immediately through Attorneys
Chapman and ('lift made application be
fore Judffe Greene for a writ of habeas
corpus,- which was granted and made r<?
turnuble before Judge Osrden next Mon
day afternoon at 2 o clock. Hewitt In the
meantime Is out on I2u ball. He contends
that the original complaint Is deferthr
In that It alleges '"he did not have a bell
or whistle on his bicycle '• when the ordi
nance regards either s--iirnclent.
Dr. Boston's Funeral.
BERKELEY, Dec. 14-The funeral serv
ices of the late Rev. Giles A. Easton,
D.D., rector emeritus of St. Mark's Epis
copal Church on Ham-Toft way, will be
held from the church at noon to-morrow.
Bishop W. F. Nichols of the California
diocese is to be present to officiate, assist
ed by Rev. GeorKe E. Swan of Berkeley.
The Interment will be In Cypress Lawn
Ceemtery. San Francisco.
New Choirmaster.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14. -The First Congre
gational Church has selected William B
Kin*, the organist of the church, as choir
master to succeed A. M. Benham. who
resigned some weeks ut;o. Mr. Benham
was compelled to retire because of 111
health.
Bangs, Miss Mabel Farher, Mrs. E. T.
Barber, Mrs. T. L. Barker. Mrs. E. J.
Barrett, Mrs. Walter C Beatle. Mrs. A.
M. Benham. Mrs. E. H. Benjamin. Mrs.
Thomas Bennet. Miss Liziio Betancue,
Mrs. A. W. Bishop. Mrs. Otto Blankart,
Mrs. J. A. Bliss. Miss Adeline I* Blood,
Mrs. Edward Booth. Mrs. S, C. Borland.
Mrs. Archibald Borland. Mrs. Philip
Bowles, Mrs. Howard L. Branthav< r.
Mrs. C, A. Braun. Mrs. A P. Brayton,
Mrs. Samuel Breek Jr.. Mrs. Arthur H.
Breed, Mrs. G. Erwln Brlnkorhoff, Miss
Martha Brier, Mrs. Frank E. Brigham.
Mrs. Albert Brown, Mies Alma Brown,
Mrs. Frank L. Brown, Miss Elixa P.
Brown. Mrs. Arthur P. Brown. Mrs. Rob
ort Stuact Browm-. 1 >r. c. A. Buckel. Mrs.
Kate A. Bulkier, Mrs Hilton Bulklev.
Miss Klla Bulhick. Mrs <;. irg( \V<>odbury
Bunin:ll. Mrs. (leiTKe 11. Hurdlck, Mrs.
L. S. Bim> ird Mrs. A. w. Burrelf. Ml«s
< trace Bui rx .1.
Mrs. Edward Hale Campbell, Mrs. H. P.
Cnrlton, Mrs. J. T. Carothers, Mrs. <»eorge
I urit-r. lira. 11. K. «'ha<iij<>urne, Mrs.
Kit-hard n. Chamberlain. Mrs M. <•.
Chapman, Mrs. w. a. Chllds, Mrs. s. W.
Chubbuck, Mrs. \v. H. Church, Miss An
nie Clay. Mrs. E. H. ([.•nifin, Mra. Wil
liam (lift. Mrs. Soth tl: A. A.
Clow, Mrs. 1.. F. Cockroft, Miss Kate E.
Cole. Mrs. C, P. <■<•!.•. Mrs <;.-., rgt- H. Col
lins. Miss charlotte Collins, Mrs. John
w. Colemaa, Mr.-. 1 M. Condlt, Mrs. t.
c. Coocan, Mrs. Van M'>rn Cooler, Mrs.
Q. W. Cope, Mrs. C. EC Cotton, Mrs. E. J.
Cotton, Mrs. X L. Courtian, Mrs. Unin»-r
A. Cnifi Dr. Marlon W. Craig. Mrs. W.
W. crane, Mrs. William \V. Crane Jr.,
Mrs. W. H. Creed. Mrs. Thomas Orellin,
Miss Mona Crellin, Mln l^aura creilin,
Mrs. T. Arthur Crellin. Mrs Jam<» L.
Crittenden, Mrs. \v. « ». Cullen, Mrs. J. C.
Currier, Mrs. Gilbert L. Curtis, Mrs. Wil
liam Bostwick Curtis.
Mrs. Ada M. Dal ton. Mrs. William R.
Davis. Mrs. Albert <l Davis, Mr.-s. Mt-rrltt
Day. Mrs. George E. de Uolla, Mrs. A. A.
Dvonison, Mrt. Richard Derby, Mrs, n
c. Di.k, Mra. J. T. Dill-. Miss Mary R.
Donaldson, Mrs. 1: 1.. Dow, tyrs. 6. P.
Downing, Miss Bleanor DIUSStI. Mrs.
Frances Dunwoody, Mrs. W. M. Dv Val.
Mrs. A. F. Bastland, Mrs. Edward rings,
Mrs. James Evans. Miss Aupusta X
Mrs. Wallace Evtrson, Miss Etta Ever
son.
Mr*. Park Fellows. Mrs. Oeerte W.
Flllmore. Mrs. J. Harvey Fish. Mrs. <}.
W. Fish»r, Mrs. J. .\ Folger, Mrs. Lee
\V. Foster, Miss Julia Fraser. Miss Hen
rietta Fr*ar. Mrs. W. H. Friend.
Mrs. David Oaffe, Miss Etbel Gage. Miss
Mnbel T. Gag.-. Mrs J. V. Garllck. Mr*
W. I' Mi.<-s Mabel Gelette. Mrs.
Charles H. Oilman, Mr-. /.. T. QHpln, Mrs.
John Gilrnst. Mrs. P. B. Ginn, Mrs. A.
H. Glaf»ock. Mr«. Ronald P. Gleason.
Mr?. Clark L. Qoddard, Mr- \V. H. Good
fellow. Mrs. R. W. <;orrlll. Mrs. Ida H.
Gnrrin. Mrs. W. ft 11. Oraves, Mrs. Giles
H. Gray, Mrs. M»i»>el T. Grajr, Miss Kllza
brth F. Gray. Mrs. John D. Gray. Mrs.
George W. Grayson. Mrs. EL J. Gregory,
Mrt«. George P. Gray.
Ml.«b Janet C. Halght. Mrs. X M. Hall
Jr.. Mrs. Fr> rl \V. Hall. Mrs M. del,. Ha.l
ley. Miss A. M. Hamblv Mrs William T.
Hamilton. Mrs (i.-orj?'- Hammer, Mrs. J.
C. Hampton, Mrs. T. O. Hnrrlsnn, Mrs.
F. M. Hathaway. Mrs Wirkham S. Hav
ana, Mr?. John C. Hajn Jr.. Mts C. P.
Head. Mrs Tyler Hcr.nhaw, Mrs. W. (i.
Henshaw. Mrs. F W. Henshaw, Mrs. E.
A. Heron. Mrs. B M. Herrick. Mrs.
Charles Higby. Miss Jennie Hill. Mrs.
George D. Hild«»hrand. Mrs. Harry Hlnck
loy. Miss Bertha X Hulhronk. Miss Grace
Holt. Mips Florence Hooper. Mme. V.
Lefebvre-llopp<r. Mrs. T L, Horn. Miss
Sarah W. Horton. Mrs. C. S Houghton.
DESERTED HIS
WIFE ON THEIR
ANNIVERSARY
L. E. Godwin Tired
of Matrimony.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadw • 14.
Instead of celebrating th<' eighth anni
versary of hi« marriage last Tin .-l.iy
night like a pood, dutiful In i and, 1-. E.
Ointwla. ■ i.iiiki'man in the employ "f
the Southern l'acilir COVBJMTOJ and prom
inent in railway unions, brazenly i»>ld his
wife that she was not keeping up her end
of the marrinpe contract, and that he had
decided that he could not live with her.
He declared that he had each mootb given
her even cent of his $M» wax* s. and yet
she refused to stay at home ay.d attend to
her housework. He offered •• .i i"inpro
miHe, for hi.- total lorn ol patlei • i" take
the fhree children— the oldi it aped 7
years-atid Mrs. Goodwin inisht take the
furniture and do as she pltused and go
where she deßlred.
Mrs. Goodwin was horrified at the pro
posal, and refused to accept the condi
tions, and Dm brakeman nas gone his
wai . awaiting developments that In all
probability will materialise In ;!. dlvoroa
court. Ho hns. moreover, caused to be
published a nolnx to merchants ihal after
to-day he will no longer consider himself
responsible for any debts contracted by
nl« wife. The pa.rti»-B were In San Fran
cisco away buck in ISIT>.
Another sensational story of desertion
and a husband* duplicity will develop at
the trial of the divorce su Ada
A. Foye against George F. Foye. a com
mercial traveler who resides in Al.ir.ieda.
Aside from the allegation of desertion.
Mrs. Foye avers In her tompjalnt that
over a year nen her husband introduced
into his household a young woman whom
he declared was his recently discovered
sister. Mrs. Foye says she accepted his
tory with grace until she one day made
' le discovery that the strange sister wan
i jurplng her place In her husbar.d's af
f< ctions. This occurred in August. 1898.
ai.d a public scandal was narrow!} avert
ed at the time, and the husband and al
leged sister soon took their leave, and the
WHAT THE CHILDREN DID.
/S\ NE of the most gratifying and beautiful phases of this work for the site
m*J lias been the Interest manifested by the children of the city. They have
contributed generously and gladly. One day In the pouring rain a
mother came from her home on Linden street to hand in th*> contri
bution of her four-year-old daughter, who had taken 23 cents out' of her
Christmas money for the library fund. This is only one Instance of enthu
siasm out of scores. The children may not realize now what their interest
means to them. They will realize It in the years to come.
MRS. ADA VAN PELT.
Mrs. John I- Howard, Mrs. J. G. Tloyt. '
Samuel Hubbard. Mrs. Socrates I
11 ■ ; ft . Mis-- Jennio Huff. Miss Mamie Huff.
Mrs. K. A. Hughs<n. Mrs James B. I
Hume. Mrs D B Hunter. Mrs Marcus
D Hyde, Mrs Crosby O Hyde, Mrs Mary
..son. Miss Leontlne C. L. Janssen,
Mrs James 8. Jcnks. Mrs. K. B. Jerome,
Murrey L. J"hn*>n. Mrs James A.
Johnson. Mrs. M. F. Jordaß, Mrs C C,
Jad»on, Mrs. M. W. Kales, Miss Mary S
■ irge W. Kelley, Miss Har
.ff -nle ( Kelley, Miss Efllih (W-ro Kel
: 1 KendalL Mrs. I N K1..-rulff.K 1..
rulff. Mrs. Ralph W. Klnney. Mrs. O 1..
King. Mrs. C. H King. Mrs. C. W. Kln-
Mrs V li Klttredge. Mrs. B. A.
Kfuegel Mrs Robert Knight. Dr. Myra
Miss Mary Lambert, Mrs. William
rs. Mrs. V, . F, Lewis. Mrs. W. Frls
. wis. Mrs. Irving C. Lewis, Mrs.
iner- Lewis, Mm Paal Lohse. Mrs.
Richard Morris I-yman.
Mrs. T. N. Machln. Miss Eleanor
Machln, Mrs. Seth Mann, Mrs. Walter
Manuel. Mra. Henrn J. Martin. Mrs X
\V Marston.^Mrs. R Martens. Mrs. Mnry
E. Mntli-ws. Mrs. Walter J. Math«-ws.
Mr- C. y Man. Mrs. Mas MAUVaJs, Mis.
J. 1.. Mason. Mrs. J W. McClymoudS,
Mrs. J. W. McClure. Miss B»-atrL
! Mrs. ll' rr\ Mef-k. Mrs. William
Mrs. j. M Merrill, Mrs. F A
rltt Mrs. A. J. Henry, Mm. Victor H.
llf. Mrs. C. O. C. Millar. Dr. Annie
L. Millar. MISS A. E. Miner. Mrs. Jarre*
Moffltt. Mr- Krnnk J Mi.fntt. Mrs W E.
Montgomery Mrs. Henry C. Morris. Mrs.
Henry S. Morris, Mrs W. H Morrison.
Mrs. James Munsell. Mrs. E. F. Mtirdock,
Mr-. J W. Musser, Mrs. Francis K.
Musser.
Miss Carrie Nicholson, Mrs. J. M.
Nosier. Mrs. <;. I. Nusbaumer. Mrs. Emit
Niisbaum^r. Mrs. A. B. Nye.
Mrs. Frank B. Ogden, Mrs. Warren.
Olney. Mrs. Oliver S. Orrlck, Mrs. S. R.
Osgood. Mrs. E. W t >wen.
Elizabeth I'acknrd. Mrs. F. V.
Paget, Mrs. W. (>. Palmanteer Mrs.
Charles E. Palmer. Mrs. J. C. Palmer.
M'--< Car .lit;- B. Palmer, Mrs. Gci.rge c.
Pardee. Mrs. <i. \V. Patterson. Mrs. R.
F. Paullr. Mlsf Etta B. Penniman. Mrs.
•J W MrsM r5 W. B. Phelan. Mrs.
John W. Philli; ' 'harles Dexter
Pleree, Mrs. W. Frank Pierce. Mrs H B
Pinney. Miss Charlotte 8. Playt^r. .Mr*.
John n. Pomeroy, Mrs. T. Edward P.pe,
Miss Maud E. Pope. Mrs. KatheTine Pot
ter, Mrs. J. H. Potter. Mrs. H. A. Powell
Mrs. A. 11. Pratt. Mrs. F. C. Pr-ble
Mrs. D. Archibald Proctor, Mrs. Eleanor
W. Purfnton.
,, Mr "^ N y H Q ulnn - M« A. J. Ralston.
Mrs. E. W. Ranlett. Mrs. W. I Rerd Mrs
E. I* Reed. Mrs. P. N. Remlllard. Mrs.
carl Bens, Mrs. J. C. Richar.ls. Mrs.
Charles T. Rmiolph. Mm. A. M. Rosbor
ough. Mrs. Alfred yon der Ropp. Mrs. H.
D. Rowe. Mrs. Hubert N Rowelt Mrs
John Buss, Miss Irene Rutherford. Miss
I B. Banborn. Mrs fv.iar Sather. Mrs
August Schilling. Miss I,eonle Schlund.
Mrs. J. C. Schneider, Mrs. J. Walter
Boott, Mrs. A. L. Scott. Mrs. J. R. B<up
ham, Mrs. Prentlss Selby. Mrs. E. B. Ses
sions. Miss B.rtha Shnfter, Mrs P J
Shafter. Mrs. J. W. Shanklln. Mrs. W X
Sharon, Mrs. Qeorag M. Shaw, Mrs. David
ihoemaker, Mrs Edward R. Sill. Miss
Uouise Simmons, Mrs. A. M. Simpson.
Miss Mary Simpson. Miss Henrietta Simp
son. Mr-i. II H Smith. Mrs. F M. Smith
Mrs. Albert L. Smith. Mrs. John F Smith
Mrs. S. G. Smythe. Mrs. Clare O South
ard. Mrs Mll^s Standlsh. Mrs Gordon M.
Btolp. Mrs. Ecbert Stone, Miss Jennie
Stone, Mrs. H. E. Stone. Miss Florence
Stone. Mrs. Edgar Stone. Miss Georgia
Btrong. Mrs D D. Stubbs. Mrs. Henry
Bturtevant. Miss Annie Sutherland. Mrs.
Albert Button. Miss Emma Swain. Mrs
H. C. Taft. Mrs. Louis Tashelm. M
win Taylor. Mrs. Henry R. Taylor. Mrs.
8. J. Taylor. Mrs. 11. O. Thomas, Mrs.
Daniel Tltns Mrs. J H Todd. Mrs .1. I?
Trembl>. Mrs W. G. Tripp. Mrs. 1 1 <•
Trownrii'ge. Miss Jessie Tuttle. Mrs. J<-ihn
J. Valentine. Dr. U P. Van Kirk. Mrs.
GRATITUDE TO THE PRESS.
FTE pnprrs deserve generous praise. They have irlven spar* unstlnt-
M J Ingly during this month of hard work and uncertainty. Every day th*
•^ financial situation has been presented with Ita brightest side out. En
couragement and glowing accounts have helped the ladles to work and
helped the public to give. The end shows what co-operation and
Ized effort can do. And Just as much gratitude Is due the men of Oak
land as the women. For what could the ladles have accomplished without
the aid of the men? DR. MTRA KNOX.
former has not returned to his wife since.
Mr*. Koye seeks $35 monthly alimony out
of the commercial traveler's monthly sal
ary of $175.
GREATER FREEDOM IN
UNIVERSITY STUDIES
Students Given an Option for Less
Mathematics and Fewer Hours of
Prescribed Work.
BERKELEY. Dec. 14.— An Important
change In the courses of study at the Uni
versity of California is being made by the
faculty at the close of the present t«rm.
The change goe« into effect after August
1, 1900. and its general tendency is to
lighten the academic work by doing away
with a great deal of prescribed study,
which for a long time has been the bane
of students.
The first alteration comes In the old bug
bear of mathematics. According to pres
ent regulations the academic courses
given In the colleges of letters, social
sciences and natural sciences require ten
hours of mathematics before the aca
demic degrees an be conferred. This re
quirement the faculty has slashed almost
by one-half, cutting the number of hours
down to a minimum of six. The reason
for this Is given that the standard of
mathematics In preparatory schools has
ho far improved as to warrant the deduc
tion.
A second slash has been made. In the
number of units for work' in the group
elective. Th* present requirements of
thirty hours have been cut to twenty-four
for the three colleges mentioned above.
The last change lessens the amount of
pedagogy required for State high school
teachers' certificates by four hours. Up
to this time twelve units of work have
been necessary- Now but eight will be
needed.
In adopting this new method the Uni
versity, of •California follows the lead of
Harvard University, which has been the
pioneer In the matter of freedom of choice
to its students. It Is thought that the In
fluence of President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler has been largely Instrumental In
inducing the faculty to take this forward
step. • V" — !
On account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
Ada Van Pelt. Mrs. Mary C. B. Vaxney.
Mrs. C. D. Vincent. Mrs. E. C. yon Helms.
Mrs. Henry Vrooman, Mrs. Henry W'adi
worth Miss •.!«•• C. .ik. rlH.l. Mrs.
Vernon Waldron. Mrs. E. M Walsh. Mm.
M. A. Ward. Mrs. F. C Watson. Mrs. 11.
H. Watson. Mrs. E. F. Weihe. Mr« Oscar
Welle. Mm F. W. Welle. Mrs. George H.
Wheat on. Mrs. William R. Wheeler. Mrs.
James Lawrence Wheeler, Mrs. J. W.
Whit*. Mrs. W. .Whltmore. Mrs. George
B. Whitney. Mrs. F. E. Whitney. Mrs J.
C. Wilson. Mrs. O. A Willard. Mrs. Wll
lard F. Williamson. Mrs. R. R. Winter.
Mrs. W. V. Wltcher. Mrs. B. A. Wetri^.
Mrs. Charles Yates, Mrs. Elizabeth Dow
Yorker, Mrs. John Yule.
PRIMARY PUPILS
AUGMENT THE FUND
I^IIF primary pupils of Miss Horton's
school. Twelfth and Filbert streets. In
an entertainment this afternoon mail
a neat »urn for the benefit of the library
nlte fund. Over $70 was netted by the lit
tle people and they earned this contri
bution by a very entertaining programme
presented to a large audience.
, Among those who deserve especial no
tice were Jefferson Grant Moffltt. who
gave a vocal number: Marjorie Mhoon.
who cave a German song, and Frank
Pierce, who recited In German. The*
others on the programme were: Choruses,
"The Bright Rosy Morning" and "Beauti
ful Springtime"; recitation, "Baby's Gon«
to School," Edltn Mildred Abbott; rrcltn
tlon. "Days and Nights," Robert Edward
Stewart; recitation, "Polly Washes
'Dishes." Edith Lillian Orth; recitation.
"The Squirrel." Faith and Mary Mills:
chorus, "Welnachtslled"; recitation. "Dcr
Abend." Frank W. Pierre; song. "Ich
Wollt Ich war eln Engleln," Charlotte
Marjorie Mhoon; recitation. "De» Knabcn
Berglled," George Osborne Wilson: recita
tion. "A Talk In the Honey Market. "*
Helen Rae Lowden: recitation. "The Con
ceited Coins." Theodore Scott Flint; song,
"The Little Bird." Kenneth Gray Hobart;
recitation, "The Dream of a Toy," Horace*
Billings Cadman; recitation. "Quoth th»
Hood to the Hat " Maud Bailey Bishop:
choruses, "In the Tall Boughs" and
"Sweet Is the Voice of the Breeze"; reci
tation. "Dorothy's Theory," Ulna May
Moseley; recitation. "Aunt Marfa.
Thomas Dale Henshaw; recitation, "Her
Photograph." Irene Isabel Collins; recita
tion, "The Eversomuches," Cheryl
Merrill; piano solo. minuet (Bee
thoven), Helen H. ('adman. recitation.
"Which Loved Best?" Irene 'Noyejt;
recitation. "Luclndy Listens." Helen Ger
true Barman; song. "Beware." Frank
Stanley Baxter, Jefferson Grant MoflWt
and Albert Leslie Oliver; recitation "Put
Down One and Carry One " Kathryn L.
Bcnnlson; recitation. "A Grievous Com
plaint." Richard Morris Lyman Jr.; reci
tation. "A Surprise." Sarah Wandro
Cheek: recitation. "Hesitation." Eleanor
Engs; song, "Je chanteral." Vld.i Collins,'
Florence Adams Henshaw and Glndy.*
Wilson: recitation. "The Trees." Ruth
McDanlel; recitation. "Hard to Bear. 1 '
Kenneth Gray Hobart: recitation. "Llttln
Tommy's Monday Morning." Herbert
Pratt; chorus. "Hark. Thro* the Pino
Boughs": recitation. "Partnership," Alien
H. 11. Williams; recitation. "Th- Pari.«h
Priest of Austerity." Dudley Rlanehanl
Valentine: recitation. "A Real Santa
Claus." William Grandln Calkins; recita
tion, "Christmas Bells," Dorothy Taylor;
recitation. "Listen. Lordllngs. Unto ile."
Gladys Wilson; recitation, "That LttrW*
Christmas Tree," Marian Miller; recita
tion. "Gifts In Sleep." Harriett* Maud
Maxson: chorus. "Fly Away to My Na
tive Land. Sweet Bird."
CRUEL BROTHER
THREATENED HIS
SISTER'S LIFE
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
„ „ „ . ** Broadway. D* c . 11
i 1t , B a E ' Vo'quarlsen told a pitiful story
In Judge Ellsworth's court to-day of a
brother extreme cruelty. It was at th"
trial of th* Mult of the Stewart Collection
Agency against J. H. Rempe for the re
covery of WO on an assigned claim of
Mrs \ olquarlaen for services rendered
her brother as housekeeper at wages «.f
tlo per month. .
In his answer Rempe net up a counter
claim for boarding and lodging his sistera
three children, who have been stopping at
his home on Twenty-fourth street for
seven years. The testimony went tn show
that during- »h* first four years JtosßM
had paid his sister 115 monthly for actlntr
as his housekeeper. Then. too. her chil
dren found employment part of the tlnv»
and out of their earnings Rempo paid
himself for their board and lodging. .
Mrs. Volquarlsen went on the stand thin
afternoon and testified that three years
ago she sustain*-.! a broken leg In an ac
cident and had been unable to work for
about eleven months, but during the la.it
two years »he had been doing the hni,, .'
work as before, yet her brother ha* re
fused to pay her as before.
In answer to a Question . she repltn]*
"When I asked him for my wages ha
said he would yet pay me with a bullet
and then he usually beat me besides. Ifo
used to abuse me and during the last few
years has not treated me at all as i
brother should treat his sister. My chil
dren worked and they paid him for their
board and lodging and I had to work very
hard." ...
■ The entire afternoon was occupied in
taking testimony and at adjournment of
court the trial was continued.
Hemp*, the defendant. Is a painter by
occupation and Is said to be quite well-to
do.
ONE MORE CHANCE
To O«t the Famous PAINTING OF THE AN.
OULUB FREE IN TURKISH TAPESTRY.
BUY $250 OR OVER AT
J. COHN & GO'S,
9 6-58 W\>HINGIO ST..
And Oet a *>«» TURKISH TAPESTRY FREE.
SATURDAY, Dec l«th On]/.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, crner cf Market and Third streets, open
cr.tM 12 o'clock every n'.sht la the rear.
BRANCH OFFICER-rc7 Montgomery street.
comer Cluy: op^n until 9:30 p. m.
t«i Hayr* rtreet: open until 9:30 p. T.i.
(Zi UcAlliXtrr rtroct; epen until !:30 p. m.
fJS LarUln *troet: open until 8.30 p..m. .
IMI Mlrtlon street: open until 10 p. m.
22G1 Ma/Uct ttreet, corner Sixteenth; open
cntfl 9 p. m.
I* nirvrnth rtreet: ofn until 9 p. m.
:c?'6 Valencia *tr!*ct: open until 9 a. m.
1223 Prlk ureet: op<n until 9 p. m.
Ncrthwert corner of Tweoty-s*eead and K-o-
tjeky nreets: open ur.tll 9 p. m.
Mill NOTICES. >.„■..;
CALIFORNIA OYitr.rr.an'Jery No. 1. K. »j£_
T. S Pot H. — JUsulur a*ferr.t>!y Tillrf r»5
EVENING. Onl<T if the Tcmj.ie. All D
{niter* cordially Invited. \W
tilH JOHN TUNNINGSJEN. Com.
YERBA BI'ENA Lodge of Perfection
No. I.— Meeting THIS «FHII>AY) A
EVENING at fc o'clock. D. 2, &■>
GEO. J. HOUR. Secy. •aav
AI*<»LLO Lodcc No. 123. I. O. O. ; ,.. ; w- > v->
K. — UnuUe Initiation FRIDAY ■Si_^. -$=
i:v;:mn<;. i»«c i:.. S£i -^rA^
Veiling brclhe:* cvnllally Jnvit- • r ««S» x
♦a. n. a. hoik; head. n. g.
W. I*. XORCKOSS. Keo. Sec.
ItICGL'LAR mWtics of the Caledoo- v \f
laa Club THIS EVENING at 85\ QU'J
..clock at BcettUh Hall. 117 Lark'.n XjOJ^>
ft. liancuei t;> :.■:.- will bo fiven
members. ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
THE California DeLr.s Commission, having re-
ceived application* to mine ty ■ .- hydraulic
process from B. F. Ketth and J. and Wm.
Oannca. tn the Sydney Flat Gravel Mine.
n«ar Jacksonville, luolumne Co.. to deposit
tailing* In Woods Cn-ek and Tuolumne Uiver:
from the Eureka. Luke and Vuba Canal Co..
coMclldated. In a t*.>rt!i>a of the Consolidated
J'lacer Mine. *.t Columbia Hill. Nevada Co..
to dcpaslt tailings in Spring Creek: from F.
M. Thomaascin. jn the Chalk Flat Mine, near ,
I'iUe City. Sierra Co.. to dei>oBlt tailings In
Chalk Fiat Ravine; from Walter Bolre. In
the Bolre Placer Mine, near Railroad Flat.
OUveru Co.. to deposit talllr.irs in a ra-
vine below the mine; from Parts Bean. In a
branch cf Coffee Pot Ravine. In Yuba Co..
near Clipper Mills, '. > deposit tailings In I
Coffee Pet Jtavine; frcm J. V«\ P«nd>r. in the
Little Cap Mine, near U..;::'.:t. v. Tuolumne .
«>.. to deposit tailing* in 6trvam!e*s Valley;
from J. M. Gilbert and A. M. Cotweli in the
Ben Franklin and Davis Consolidated Mine. |
at Yankee Jims. Placer Co.. to deposit tall-
Ings in -n old pit: from Jo«. William* et '
a!s.. In the Williams Ranch Mine, near Ono. |
fr'harta Co.. to dei»i*;t tallincs In Watson
Oulch: from O. W. Henderson et al«.. In the !
Southern Ctcm Mine, -it Yankee Jims. PUoar J
O. to ■>;•:; tailings in Mexican Gulch: ;
and fnim A. W. Mellcn et. als.. In the Chero-
kee Mine, nt Cherokee. Butte Co.. to deposit
talllnc* in Dry Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 19, Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. • "a! . on December 26. ;
5f'JJ. at 1:30 o. m.
ANNUAL Meeting-Regular ar.nual meeting of
the stockholder* of the Taauhau Sumi Plan-
tation Company will r* brld at the offl?e !
cf the company. 327 Market rt. In the city
and coucty of San FTancl*co. en SATVK .
DAY. the 21 day cf December. 189?. at the
ticvr cf II o'clock a. m., for the purpose of I
electing a board cf director* to *erve for the
ensuing year and the transaction cf such
'ther boataan an may come befor* the meet- '
ing. Transfer bock* will clo*e nn Wednes- j
day November C 2. IRSS. at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Th<* above advertised nesting of the Paau- :
r.su Fuct Plantation Company Is postponed
ortll THI'RSDAY. December 21. IK*, at 11
o'clock a. m. E. H. SHELDON. S-cretary.
• THH csr.ual meeting cf the *tockhnlders of '
The Nevada Natictial Bank of San Francisco..
Cal . will be held nt It* binktrg hou*e. 301
Montromery rt.. San Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 9. IW. at 3:15 o'clock p.
m.. fcr the election of director* to serve for
the ensuing yar. ar.J the transaction cf such
other bu?!ne«* as may c«me before the meet- '
mc Gro. GRANT. Secretary.
Pan rncwlrffl. pwerrber •. IW.
ASTROLOGY.
TOUR fortune— Atrplorv. by mail or.!yT~i*nd \
P. O. nv»n<"y ord<>r f<->r 12 50. with the wing I
required data: The hcur of your birth a. m. I
or p. m.: rtate. month, year: city and country:
&\ro whether mr> <T female, married or sin-
gle; •:■■:,-■■ ftat« where you wi*h your horo-
roop» ar.d readme forwarded to by mail. Ad." j
PTIOF. L C. Hr.NKT. Astrologer. P. O. box I
r<rr. S«n Fnm-lvw. fal.
____ .. _ i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING. *Ixth Onor. Chnn-
icle l>uildlr.g; no advance charges; all case*;
»rtatcs. montage*, damage*, collections, j
bankruptcy; wlllt, etc.. drawn; moderate fees; i
«-a.U r,r write. I
ADVICE free; <]'.vor**e law a specialty: I rlvat»;
n<» fee without *ucce*»; collections. G. W.
HOWE, ntty at law. K<o Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. s:5 Market St.. cpp. Mason;
ccnsultation free; moderate fees.
F. H. MERZHACH. attorney at law, has re-
•:•-.■! practice at ' ~ Cal. Ft, Clunle bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; con«ultatlcn free: no fee* In advance.
ADVICE fr*e; tin charre unle** succeysftil. W.
W. DAVIT »snv. f '27 Market ft., opp. Miwn.
lII i 11. REPAIRING.
T. ->S H. H~VA RNEY7^farket~and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYrLES.
REPAIRING A STTSCIALTY.
InOARD AND ROOMS,
EDDY. 123— t'nlted States Hotel: rooms 1150
we^k ut>. with board 15 50; mite for two with
board. 112: br*rd, 14 week; meals. Me; ele-
vator runs all nicr.i.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market-Efegant
new furniture; flr*t-cla*s in every respect;
table unf jtrassM: hot and old water; ele-
vator: •'.:•••-. with board for 2. 150 monxh up.
NEW family hotel; first -cla** in all appoint-
ment*; excellent table. 807 California St., oc-
cupying corner epposite Grace Church.
LAS PALMAS. IciTMarket »t— Suite of 2 or 1
rm.: private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
LONGWORTH. 532 Geary— Large suit*-*, t>ath.
for 1 or 4 irentlemen : excellent table board.
OFARRELL. 742 — Clean, comfortable rooms;
good table board: terms to holiday transients.
UOrt.fOO TO loanondiamond*.watch«(.*llver,*eal-
»ki!-s. rlanos. run*, l.'r.cle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
nOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
FIRST-CLAPS room and board wanted: no ob-
jection If part or the whole in ■ change for
vocal and piano le**rm»; by leading elnglng
T*acher of s. F.. whose of flee 1* In central lo-
cstion. Hr-x 171". Call office. ■ ■■
BOOK! — M AND OLD.
FfHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hnirr.e* r.nnk «*o . TO4 Ml«»l«n rt.. near Third.
HOOTS AND SHOES.
EPrCIAL!: SPECIAL!' SPECIAL.!
: .•' pairs infar.u' patent leather shoes, sixes
1 In «. only Sa centa pair; mail orders fllltd.
PEOPLE'S KHOESTORn. 1301 Stockton St..
near Broadway.
COOTS and slK>e« made to order from Ist -class
material, 16 to JS; repairing cheap. H. SAL-
NINI.N. 441 Buth .- . formerly with M.Nulty.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^iSS£nECT*AURANT; oyster ar.d chop
houhe. with dally receipts <>t 130; only first-
clans prices: rent 145: tl.- U>i location in this
city. Call K. O. WILKE. J>o6 Market st
A— CORNER Mloon with 7 years' tease in
v ;.,.:< v.-f district; rlace estab. years and
clearing from 8390 to 14'W per month: no better
offt-r In market, n. G. WILKE. tt>6 Market
A— I4OO— DELICACY store and branch bakery,
on Larkln «t. ; rent 115; good paying business;
fine place tor 2 i»in r or man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE. '.h'C Mark. ■
A— J4SO— CANDY store and factory, with living
room*, in choice location on Polk st.; rent
SSI: eie*r» mi . "T week; elegantly fitted; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st
A -14000— CORNER grocery and bar: choicest
location: n-nt 140; doing a large store and tar
trade; t.tock all frefh; a rare opportunity.
Call It. G. WILKU. 9C6 Market rt.
A— TISf^RESTAURANT close to Market and
Maitcn st«. : doing a rushing busings, place
elrgantly iiued up; worth double the mono
Call R. Q. WILKE. 906 Market at.
Ar-|3so— PORK and delicacy atore. doing a
j*rge and flrrt-clars paying business; rent
ttO; the very ben location: owner must sacri-
fice on acoount of other Investments; a great
bargain. Call R. O. WILKE. 906 Market at
A-»T.tio-SAL«K3N: O'Farrell nnd Stockton st*. ;
_ lcct^. R. G WILKE. *•< Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar: tau*t sell this day;
<Wlers Invited. COWING. S*S Market st.
FINE corner grocery; best In Mission; cause
rale alcJme»a. COWING &.- CO.. 995 Market st.
tISt>O— SALOON; Potrem. nr. Union Iron Works;
f.n# fSxtnre*: full value In «ock: r*«elpts I2S
day: rent 120 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
Qb. - : i:"i stock and business, horses. wagon*.
Twent3'-flr*t **.. and Treat m . at bank-
rupt Bale. For particulars apply to Board of
Trade. 202 Market st.
OSOO— DRUGSTORE: good business: best corner
In Western Addition; old rtand; fine opuor-
tur.it y for physician; pood reason for selling.
Box 1553. Call. ■
t;r.O— CORNER crocery with bar; cause other
l>uilne«s; mtmt laaftsi Box U2, CaJL
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— B6OO— SALOON; among wholesale houses. !
where hu:. .• a of people are employed; no '
night or Sunday trade; rent WO: old age the
cau»e of tale. STENBERG CO.. 26Vt .•■arny. |
A— PARTNER wanted: restaurant: to attend r
cash counter and holp In general; It* per |
month jruantnteed; prefer partner to hired
help. STENBERG CO.. 26H Kearny ft
A-:27S— SALOON : 2 blocks of Market; 3 newly
furnished roon.s; handsome bar and back bar:
value is sight: owner pick; must sell. 6TEN- ]
BKRG. iSVt ICcarny st. I
jCO^— COFFER, tea. crockery, granlteware; the
very ben location: route with 200 customers;
$100 per nth guaranteed; full Investigation
allowed. KTENBKRG CO.. 26*6 Kearny "■
A— ti^iri— STK \M laundry In busiest country
town in California; lot Cfxioo; brick building:
ore hlork from depot: remarkable chance for
active nan: machinery, wagon*, everything
In tlp-tc,;> shape;' any one looking for good
tlace will fm.t this a fine investment. See to-
day STKNHKRG CO.. 2fi^ Kearny st. i
* HAVE ft f'W hundred dollars to put Into '
•otne ofMce where the work Is not very con-
f.r.lr.g or difficult: reference. Address W., I
Call office. Oakland.
SALOON "with 6 furnished rooms and bath;
rent l? 4: stock and fixtures 1275: cause of sale.
»!ckncs». \T> Terry st . bet. Third and Fourth.
FOR Kale— Home bakery with portable oven; 6
> ears' lease: rent $i:«. 4!* Fourth st
BUTCHER ihop: must *ell: clears over ROO .
prr mcr.th: larce fa:r..'.y cash trade. Address
box C"l. Call office. _^
BARBER ffcop and rooms complete; rent low.
1103 Howard St.. near Seventh.
SALOON, with rooms: good trade; rent low;
good location; a bargain. 1158 Mlttlon St.
FOR nale— Good fruit stand: 3 living rooms;
cheap. Apply 130 Eighth st.
SMALL home restaurant, north of Market st,
for sale at « bargain. Owner, box 170«. Call.
FOR *ale— O!d established wagon-making and
horseshoeing business: 15 years present lo-
cation. Apply 22'Cortland aye.
12CC*— PARTNER wanted In old established
business. Box 1714. Call office.
FOR SALH— Ftm-class restaurant; north of
Market Bt: half down. Box 1711. Call office.
EHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent !
and mere in work. WM. HENDRICKSON
41 CO.. «14. Call building. |
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWELL ■ CO S. 412 Sacramento st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
ncrfhwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »t*. Open till 9 p. m
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
«t ir:3 Polk Ft.; cptn until I p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
»üb»crly>tlons has been established at 1096 Va-
>r. la st
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, . so laundry wagon, fin* top buggy.
almost new. bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons, j
new, suitable dry goods stores. lIS Harrison. :
FOR sale— Cheap: I wagons; one box -covered.
one open. Apply at ~»00 Buchanan st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN 4- SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
burgle*, surreys and horses. 1140 Foist m st.
CARPET nEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work,
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-,
beating Works. 351-&7 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H. |
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 Sth St.: tel. South 2 JO.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.. |
4i3 Stevenson et. ; tel. South 218: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 3*4. GEO. W A LOOM, proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth *t.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
rt.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Work*. 333 Golden
iixto ny«.: tMerpcni* Ka*t 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blest-Ing, a sure I
cure for prison -oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR, l
Agf-nt. Office and factory. 21 Spear st i
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
the reveals every hidden mystery; fhe will
»how you how to overcome ycur enemies; re-
move family troubles; retore lost affections;
unite the separated: recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance: satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; fend stamp for circular
with r;-»l«l "terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK. j
tCS Turk et.. near Jones. Home Sun. and eves, j
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance. !
test medium: life reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all diseases; Fittings 11.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
lortune teiler; best advice In difficult mat-
ters 8 Hayes St., room 7. second floor.
C. V. MILLER'S materialising trumpet seance,
S p. m., 25c. tw -nw.rth *t. (
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8
p. m.: 14 McAllister, rm. 35; Mission 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; prophetic
tests; articles read: 10c; life read.. Jl. 31 6th.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 2.V.
MRS. RANKIN. card-reader and palmist, irA
Mlaslon St.. near Sixth. i
MRS. DU PREE, card reading; questions an-
swered by mall; advice given. 28 7th. room 7.
MME. MOREAU; the bent medium and card
reader; :'•• up. 71 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader. German spoken. 921VJ Mission. op Mint.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slatewrlter.
330 Ells »t.; circle Bun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
r-almirtry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1145 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
' cittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MMX RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; Be up. I Fourth st
YOUR future told by cards. 25c 102% Sixth st.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. ;:,. . ladles. Pll O'Farreii st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
lets fcuccesrful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE — 4 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ment*: CIS Locust aye.. bet Van Ness aye.
and Franklin st. and Golden Gate aye. and
McAllUter st. Apply O Golden Gate aye.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath at 1103 Clay,
between Baker and Lyon; lately renovated.
~~~~^ DENTISTS.^
A — DR. 1 8 HIGGINB* dental parlors,- 927
Market st over Cafe Zdnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gaa
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to th« gums; the beet and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pur« gold
fillings from II up; other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and j
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from 14 DO up; pen evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ' anaesthetic for painless dentistry—
Eynol. on application to the gums, removes
the- pain: see our flesh colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years, crown and bridge' work; teeth with-
out a plats: filling*. 00c; crowns, 11 50; platea,
full set. 15; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlora. 24 Sixth Et.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket at., cor. .4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
13 60 up: plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
flee hours. 9a. m. to Up. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. O.W.WILLIAMSON. M. I) . Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 Lrre'.l st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. 12; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $1: received I first
prices; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. ■ 1441 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 year*: lowest prices; 10 op-
erators; no students. ~.>7 Market st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full ret cf teeth. 14; crowns. SI; fillings. 2Sc.
SET r.f teeth without plate. DR.. H. oT
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tor»;open evenings and Sundays. 860 Market.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted IS
years.. N. T. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. «th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
T f > rare*, in wrwrrer. fftr mailing, t\ r»er year.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MrDOWELt Dressmaking. School; leading sys-
tem; t-aey payments; e\-g. cfuata. 103 Poet
S. I" Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 505 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary; dresses
made. 15 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: ajl kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. over O'Connor A MoSatt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAT, DECEMBER 15. 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
MEALiyS~BuslnesB College. 24 Port St.. B. F.;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new tt>-page catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute, Parrott building; be wise: follow their
.advice; be thorough; life scholarship 150.
AYRES* Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship 150. Includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236. Market st.
ENGINEERING school. civil, electrical, mining."
mech., survey, assay, urchl.: day and even.;
♦St. 1*64. VAN DEH NAILLEN. 933 Market
MISS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates; lessons
personally and by mall. Ml Montgomery st.
E. L. APPLEBY. banjolst and teacher; hours,
1 to 5 and 8 to 9 p. m. 220 Eddy st.
THE Hitchcock School. San Rafael, for young
men and boys: Easter term begins Jan. 7. '
ACTING and vaudevilje people put on stage.
Hallett Lyceum Theater. 310 O'FarreU at
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College. 105 Larkln st.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv.orclass. Barker's Academy.927 Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; moat
practical method. 1234 Bush St.
LAW schools. Ml Market. S. F.. and 908 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
START right and the end Is In sight PROF.
MEKKI. violin, mand.. guitar. 100} Mission.
BOOKKEEPlNG.arlthmetlc. grammar. writing;
day »nd night: terms low. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
EMPLOY.MENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Butter: tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 655 Clay st. ; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE information bureau; Japanese and
Chines* help. 421 Post; phone Main 1986.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414H O'Farren st.; tel. East 424,
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp.Agency: all kinds
help. GEO OAKI. 30 Geary st.: tel Grant It.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
YOTJNQ woman wishes situation, housework,
plain cooking; thoroughly understands her
business: $12 to 115. Box 1761. Call office.
GIRL, general housework and plain cooking:
wages 120. Please call at 533 Howard St.;
no postals. ■ ' '
RELIABLE woman wishes a place as hpuse-
keeper; city or country. Address or call 720
Laurel aye. ,
1100.000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
Mir>r>LE-AGED German woman, lately ar-
rived, a good cook and housekeeper, wishes
position in small family. Address 137H Tenth.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with light work; good
references. 618 O'Farrell st.
.
COLORED woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework: Is good cook; best refer-
ence. 235 Stevenson st.
DANISH grrl wants work by the day; plain
washing and house cleaning; lace curtains;
wash a: home. 1331 Fulton st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: Me to II SO right: II 50 to II
week: convenient and respectable: free bus
and barrage to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia it.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk «t . : open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
WANTED — By an experienced salesman, situ-
ation in a general merchandise store: best of
references; have been' over 7 years with
present employers. R., box 536, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest German,
understands the care of horses, cows, garden
work, has porter experience, and Is handy
with tools, desires position. Box Ha, Call. .
JAPANESE young man wants position at
housework: can speak English well. FRANK
NISHIKAWA. P. O. box 534.
GOOD cook wants situation: small restaurant
or hotel; can bake. W. DOLENHURST. 310
Montgomery aye.. -room 8. --; •
GARDENER, coachman or Indoors man wants
situation; orchard or ranch; can use tools or
drive engines. G. T., MI Kearny st.
GOOD all-round baker wouM like position in
country town. Box £31. Call office,
YOUNG cake baker wants work. 743 Brannan
St., store.
HCO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Position by young man In whole-
sale Jewelry house; have had five years' ex-
perience In Eastern house. Box £16. Call.
RELIABLE man wants place as foreman of
workmen working on dirt or rock .work. Ad-
dress box HI, Call office.
BARKEEPER wishes a position; good refer-
ences; long experience. Address BARCH, 741
Laguna st.
HONEST. Industrious man. understanding care
of orchards, horses, carriages, cow, garden
and fowls, wants position as caretaker any-
where In California or Nevada; good refer-
ences. Address B. P.. 417 Powell Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED married man. practical farm-
er, wishes position to take charge of a ranch;
understands stock and vines. Call at room 93,
' \hlborn House, bet. 12 and 1 or after 5 p. m.
EXPERIENCED carpenter wishes work In th«
city or country or some Institution; is a flrst-
class workman. Box 507, Call office.
COACHMAN and general man wants employ-
ment: single: do any kind of work; go any-
where: thorough; best references. Address
box 1716, Call office.
COOK with wide experience; good reputation;
good on bread and Dastry; sober and eco-
nomical. GEORGE STOLL, Russ House.
WANTED— Position by a first-class engineer
and amalgamator who understands concen-
trating machinery, etc.: references given.
Address box 1456, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
MAN and wife wanted; no children; rent free
1232 Valencia St.; call after 6 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on custom coats. 121
Montgomery st., room 1, second floor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubfcriptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open till 9 p. m.
' exchange. ~~
ON account change of residence, fine corner
residence in Alameda In exchange for San
Francisco property. GEO. W. H. PATTER-
BON & CO.. 170 C Market st. '
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market St.. San Francisco; exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN & HOW .ELL. II
Montgomery st.
GFART, 1917—4 comfortable rooms; bath; tol-
let; 2 bed*: 2 stoves; gas and coal; lIS.
HAIGHT, 621— Elegant almost new flat of i
rooms and bath; $25. ■_'■.■ - -:
SUNNY flat: 5 room*) and bath; newly decorat-
ed. 145 Second aye.. cor. California. Richmond.
! SUNNY flat of 7 rooms and garden. 736 Four-
teenth st, near ; Market; basement.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
en* each; first and second floors. 417H Third.
116—4 NICE rooms: bath; toilet; gas; yard;
cellar. 1917 Geary st. •
1100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watchea. silver, seal-
skins, piano*, gun*. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
FREK TO ALL..
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sendlni
address to lock box 643. Low Angele*. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sites, $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 10x60 Inch ruga,
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1311 Stockton
st. near Broadway; open evening.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for 148 60. with No,
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
W. K. CODY (late with J. T. Terry * Co.) buyi
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. Til Mission St.. pay«
the highest price for your td-hsnd furniture.
WANTED— ISOOO carpets, furniture, etc; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market
§++♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦•
>- : " • . +
"^ - 0/j account of the time neces- X
* sary in (he preparation of the X-
I Christmas Edition of THE CALL, I
I to be issued Sunday, Dec. 17, +
'at" ■ "' ■ : t
[No::: X
Advertisements :
i ! " • i
£ for that issue will be received +
AFTER 9:30 p.m.!
t SATURDAY. |
. HELP WANTED-FEMALB.
WANTED— German cooks, small wash. $30;
second girl and laundress, $26; second girt and
seamstress. $26; nurseglrl, $15; nurse and wash
baby's clothes, $20; 3 'waitresses, hotel and
restaurants, $6 a week; Protestant laundress.
Institution. $20; German laundress, $30; ironer
for laundry. $90; 1 cooks for boarding houses
and hotels. $26 and $30; second girl, country.
$20; a large number of girls for housework,
city and country. $20 and 125. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. SIC Butter st.
3OVERNESS for 2 children; must speak Ger-
man or French: $25; short distance in the
country: see the lady In the city to-day. J.
F. CUOBETT _■ CO.. 816 Sutter St.
C. R. HANBEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
12 waitresses wanted, all over State and out
of the State. $20 and fare; 2 chambermaids to
wait. city. 120; cook, small hotel. $25; laun-
dress, hospital, city, $20; 3 manglers; lunch
waitress, We. no Sunday work.
FAMILY ORDERS.
. Mother and daughter. Mill Valley. $30; OeT-
man and Swedish cook, $30; 20 German and
Swedish girl*, housework. $25. $20; 20 other
girls, housework. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary St. ;
WE furnish stenographers; there Is no charge I
for the service; Remington' standard type-
writers. 211 Montgomery st.; phone Main 87. j
WANTED— For Inside work. 2 reliable, ener-
getic women. Apply 471V4 Thirteenth st.,
Oakland.
YOUNG girl for light housework; good home I
for right person _>45 Geary st.
RESPECTABLE girt for light housework and
part care of a baby; references. 120SH Polk.
WANTED— Good German girl; general bouse-
% work; good wages. 933 Halght st. ■
GIRLS to help on skirts; call for I day*. £68
Mission st., room T.
GIRL* wanted to assist In general housework.
737 McAllister St.. near Octavla.
GIRL, to work on vests. 32) Kearny St.,
room 11.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
Standard Shirt Factory, corner 6ough and
Grove sts. I
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid '
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sts. I
1100 000 TO loan on diamonds, watchea.sllver. seal- !
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay. I
E: :PERIENCED hands on woolen waists. 8.
F. Mfg. Co.. 409 A Turk st.
COOK and dishwasher for small restaurant In
country; wages $30 and $15: rail early. MISS
DILLON, 315 Sutter it.; phone Main 804.,
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; steady work;
good wages; also good finisher. 965 Mission st.
GIRL for general housework: no cooking; 2 In
family. Apply between 9 and 12. 1911 Green.
GIRL for general housework. 220S Powell st
LADIES to learn barber trade: only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi- |
ness: halrdresslng taught in four weeks. Call
or write for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and - subcrlptlons '
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has be«n established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky us. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109* Va-
lencla St.
HELP WAMED MALE.
rTTTTTTT- mahhikp ...'".7.t.7^tt.^
Cook and wife for a small mine "boarding
house, fare 60c, $65 and found, 25 people V.
Choreman and wife for ranch. ...s4o and found
Man milk, wife to cook, for dairy.. s4o and fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BARTENDERS COOKS ...... WAITERS
Cooks and cook and wife
$65, $45, $30. $75 and found
Walters $35, $30. $25 and found
Bartender, country saloon $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MURRAY A READY PHONE MAIN ■<-
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day from 7 a. m
12 drillers, single and double $60
3 miners, single hand $50
12 pruneru, vineyards and orchards. .s26 A M.
Gardener and choreman, private.. and fd.
Italian gardener, private $23 and found
14 farm hands $26. $25. $20 and found
Men to dig ditches ..choreboys and men.
MURRAY & READY. (34 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters for the Coast Road, free fare
10 rockmen and drillers for a quarry, com-
pany work, $2 60 a 'lay. part fare advanced...
20 farmers for an orchard, $20.
Cook, country restaurant. $50; baker and
assist on ranee, country hotel. 's4s; second
cook, $35: shampooer, Turkish bath, $40. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— First-class laundry man; 2 farmers,
$25; rablnetmaker. stalrbullder. cooks, wait-
ers, dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
BARBERS' home, 1205 Market St.. corner
Eighth— Only legally authorized employment
office on the Pacific Coast: barbers' bosses I
supplied with first-class help: charges reason-
able; country employers must pay transpor-
tation of men; send stamp for reply: barber
shops for sale. WM. HABERECHT. Mgr.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. (30 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie HI.
WE furnish stenographers; there Is no charge
for the service. Remington Standard Type-
writer. 211 Montgomery St.; phone Main 87.
"WANTED — An experienced hand for gold let-
tering on books and leather goods. Apply to
BANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741 Market st
WANTED— Messenger boy; apply In own hand-
writing; state age; give references. P. O.
box 2048. ■
WANTED— First-class Iron molders. Apply
MORAN BROS. Company. Seattle, Wash.
BARBER wanted: steady work. MONZO
BROS.. 467 Tenth St.. Oakland. , '
VESTMAKER or coatmaker can have nlee shop
room cheap. 104 Ke&rny St.. tailor shop.
MAN to do janitor work for his tuition at 8.
F. Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— Two tailors on military work at
2820 Greenwich st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
50c. f.«2 Mission St., bet. Ist and Id sts.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 797 Mission
street. " •
WANTED— A dishwasher. 604 Third St.; call
early.
DISHWASHER wanted. 631 Clay at.
GOOD <.vst«>rman wanted; steady J(Jb. Call at
126 Third st. ■
GOOD waiter wanted at 107 Berry st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant a».
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
• runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: lod large i
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast.
dinner, or supper; bent In city. 40( McAllister.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. It Bteuart st.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. ' 562 Mission st , bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD& CO.. attor-
— neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market..
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 250
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room; ,25c a night; $1 a week. - ■
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only sight
weeks required: constant practice; expert, in-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly: special
Inducements this month: call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner nf Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sta,: open until !> p. m.
A BRANCH offlc« for Call advertisements and
ST>li«<-rtr>tlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lenr!* «t.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
FOR sale— 6-year-old horse of 1150 lbs. at 1335
Mission st.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving homes at MM
and 1K25 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Prady; also some fine matched black teams.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth »t.: auction sale* every Wednesday.
BtTLLTVAW * P»OYI.E Auctioneers
HOUSES— LODGING FOR SALE.
IN our lodging house department:
A new, vacant downtown 46-room house.
$3f.0— 11 rooms; near Pheian building.
$650 — 12 rooms; Geary and Mason.
$1500—22 rooms : on Union Square.
MONEY TO LOAN
INSURANCE CUT
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market st.
R. H. WINSTON j* CO 1026 MARKET ST..
OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE.
V) rooms. r»nt $40, only $634
23 rooms, rent $40. only 600
48 rooms, good location, only 7^)
$7 rooms, finest corner In city 3600
81 rooms, cheap rent, a snap 2COO
OFFER wanted on 12-room lodging house north
of Market st. ; all full; will sell very cheap:
must sell at once: furniture and carpets In
good order. M. GRIFFIN, agent, 719 Market
__st. near Call building.
TO buy or sell your furnlahed houses, see BA-
SII-E. 3 Eddy; *00 bargains; 8 to 100 rooms;
title guaranteed; money loaned on furniture.
14-ROOM house— Hyde St.. near Ellis; must
sell; going away; carpets worth money asked,
s- <V I. I>AVIS. 1104 Market st.
LODGING-HorsK; 1425: on account of depart -
ure; 20 mnny rooms; well furnished: all
rented; rent $CO. Apply place. 033 Broadway.
14-ROOM lodging house for sale. 11254 Mis-
sion st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$40: CHEAPEST bouse in town; 12 rooms. 1528
Market st., near City Hall.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
yard; rent $37 50; water free.
DEVISADERO. 621. corner Hayes— House, $
rooms and bajth; $55 rent
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$100. 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris 15 Grant »».
LOST AND FOUND.
FOUND at Chutes. Sunday afternoon, child's
Jacket. gTe«n. with Mack braid: can be had
by paying for ad. Call at 12 A Mason st.
LOST-BrlnUle greyhound bitch. 148 Flood
eve.. Sunny Side; reward.
LOST Scotch collie dug; very fat: answers to
the name of Hljou. Return 31$ Front St.,
r'M.m '.<: reward.
LOST— Fe mule fox-terrier: "Nellie": black
spot on back; license. Reward at 529 Howard.
$6— LOST— Knight Templar emblem, engraved
Wm. J. Llndow. Napa: going from steamer
Zlnfandel to Californla-st. cars. Leave at I.
S \ \N WINKI.rS, 4U Market Ft.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladies' physician
and specialist: home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post ft., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W, O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully: treatment can be used
at home: consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write orjeall at 10234 Market st.
DRB. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye., 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; curs at
office $s;warranted: 15 years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy St.. near Mason.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS. DR. GWYER 610 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms:
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2781; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladies' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $6: consultation free. 318 Kf-arny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIEti. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment $6.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at offli-e. $}; hours 9 a, m. to 5 p m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 103S Market St.; hours, 10
a. m. to ' :■. m. : ft residence. XS Van Ness
aye.. 6 to 9 p. in.: guaranteed treatment. $6.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
st.; every case guaranteed: $6 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases nf the human hnrtv in Mason st.
MINES AND MINING.
CARTER'S gold mine shares: fortune makers:
quoted on Pacific Stock Exchange; 30 cents
per share or monthly Installments; send for
prospectus. CARTER'S Gold Mg. Co., 220
California St.. rooms 6 and 7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bth
Hoor. Mills bulldlnr. S. F. : tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery, llc-
INTOSIi A WOLPMAN. 185-W Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
ANOTHER fine* latest style sealskin Jacket,
worth 3200. for $110. DKCUI HARRIS. It
Grant aye.
AT lens than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor, 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store,
721 Market st.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the bl'x-k, his name being In
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
2 BEAUTIFULLY marked choicely bred st!
Bernard dog puppies: nice I'hrtstmas pres-
ents; also Angora kittens. Presidio Kennels
$313 Clay st
FOR sale— One 130-egg Incubator. Petaluma-
sl2. 1004 F.ast Seventeenth st . Oakland.
ITALIAN model mandolin, high grade. $10; cost
$35. PLAZA LOAN OFFICE. 702 Kearny st.
25 HORSE-POWER engine and boiler for saleT
316 Railroad aye.
CASH register and fireproof safe for sale cheap.
42 Main »L
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes'
Iron A wood; Id hand. J. BI.'RKF.. 133 Beale.
ONE H. B, Smith 4-slded sticker; 1 GoodeU~A
Waters planer and matcher. 24x6; 1 air com-
pressor: 1 band saw; 6 locomotives: 3 steam-
ers. 220 Fremont st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75. Pop-
M'r.r Pri-* H.itt-r. . 3.10 Kearn-, st . r,r. Pine.
NEW style Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second hand: acety-
lene generators. Kulluni & Hreck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion cafes, vaults, etc. The
Walti Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. 8. F.. Cal.
."iESH snowballs — "T. Carr" and all brands
English flre brick, flre clay, brickdust. S R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome st. ; tel. Main 6086.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100. concert records $2 50. BACIGALUPI,
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
"NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 813 Kearny st.
CLOSING oat of 300 new and Id-hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
DREPS Dants. $2 75; fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery st.
FOR Christmas presents cal! on BORXNSXN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth st.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery .^electrical supplies^
builers and engines. H. S. White, 616 Mission.
BITS. sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new, M hind. Whltelaw, 216 Spear.
MISCELLANEOUS — SALE.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
gist*, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Pnrramento »t. I
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— cash register, couple of 8-foot
- showcases and a small- safe. Address S>o
Coif ax st.. San Jose. . -
SECOND-HAND high-top organ, cheap and In
good condition: give price and make. Ad-
dress 641-647 Commercial st.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry; $22 per ounce
for gold In It. 223 Bush st., 3d floor, room 4.
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must be
cheap. Address box 1334, Call office.
'MONTE! Y TO LOAN.
ANT proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
fecend mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
> In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first flcor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval; no commission; no delays. J. NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st,. above Sixth;
telephone South 14.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me; $30
to $100,000; 6 per cent: Ist. M or chattel mort-
gsges. estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice ,
. and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. C 36 M-rkt,
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro- j
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
' lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 14 Montgomery, r. 1.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st,: tel. Main 1844: Branch » Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price* for old gold, silver, diamonds. -
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
On furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest, Rooms
68 and 69. Donoho* building. 1170 Market st.
AT 126 Kearny, room I. respectable private place
to borrow .on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator; tel. Davis M 5.
ON real estate. ' Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 60$ Examiner bldg.
$8000 TO loan on furniture and piano* at 3 per
cent. WINSTON A CO.-. 1026 Market st.
TO salaried men: without collateral or Indorser.
B. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
160 TO $30,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st,
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money »■■» H. MURPHY. t3i> Market «t
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
. chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway '
within three years and have full purchaM*
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good ,
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny an.l Sutter ets.. San Francisco; ,
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest torn
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A. CHASE'S.
M. 23 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades ,
and prices: terms easy, prices lowest: every- i
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. j
KNABE pianos: new scale; new style*. KOH- ,
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St. I
A DECKER baby upright Is a fine thing for a '
holiday gift. See them at MAUVai- 7£>
Market st.
DECKER pianos and Packard pianos and or- I
gans are sold only at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market.
OLYMPIA music bores are sold very cheap for
carl) or on installments at MAUVAIS'. 76) '
Market st. j
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4. $4. »4. $4. *4 per month.
2 Chlckerings, 2 Meinways, 1 Vose A Sons and '
fifty other slightly used high and me Hum I
grade pianos; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
GREAT slaughter sale of pianos on storage, I
closing out .lot of uprights 160 up: open even-
lngs. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1719 Market
A FEW new pianos to rent at $2 CO per month.
I SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
A SPLENDID opportunity to secure a beauti-
ful upright at a snap. Km. 12. Flood bldg.
ELEGANT Steinway upright sacrificed for
cash. Room 10. Fl. "d building.
$110— ELEGANT upright, stool and cover: cost i
$3."0; for sale on $5 installments. 1115 Post.
A— ELEGANT Estey upright for sale; slightly
used: magnificent tone. 203H Qough st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Bcott-Curtaz Piano Co., K0 Haves st.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
BOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other piano*. 303
Post St.: open evenings.
WANTED— square pianos. BYRON MAUZY. i
30S Post st.
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright; sacrificed. i
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. age-.it for
Francis Bacon and Hallett A Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
. HORNUNG'B. 21« McAllister st, _^ j
BARGAIN— upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 16 ;
McAllister St.. next Hlbemla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, hers, old and new. ST
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OIL^LA^NDS.
OIL lands wanted. AMBROSE HARRIS. 612 !
Examiner building.
PALMISTRY. ~
LADIES— ARLENI reads your palm. 60c; gents I
$1. The Norwood. 611 Taylor st. .
.PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME, our own new platinum paper-
superior to all and lower In price: sample
doz. 23c. mailed. Cat Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
PERSONALS. ™~ '
MY wife. MRS. MA HI A I'.ol>l'.l< ;ii;s. having
left my bed and board. I will not be responsi- i
ble for any debts contracted by her after this
date. JOSE RODRIOUES. Dec. 13. 1839.
WANTED— The acquaintance of a la.lv with
means; object, matrimony; must be prepared
to leave town at once. Box 618. Call olio*
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 137 Third st.
MINERS going to Cape Nome call and see
gold saving sluice box at 1798 Fifteenth st
cor Guerrero.
LEDERER'S Qulntontca la the one thing that
will give your hair a fine gloss; 35c bet, Hold
by LEDERER. 123 Stockton st,
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
carpets, old gold: send for him. 606 Kearny*.
HAVE your hair dressed by the famous LED
ERER. an artist In hairdresslng. 25c: dolls
wigs made to order; Foamo Shampoo. 5c Dkg
O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. -
MANILA battlefields— Large, correct, beautiful
map; ycur soldier boy wants It For Xmas-
don't be stingy! Sent everywhere on receipt
of $1. Pacific Publishing Co.. r. 60S. 927 Mar-
ket st.. 8. F.. Cal. ; agent* wanted everywhere.
JOHN L. BOONE. j Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
Fan Francisco. Cat. : American and Foreign
Bend for circular. \ j - Patents Solicited.
1 8 V I J«-.i° order on * My • Installments. L.
• ■ LEMOS. 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Bth.
ELECTRIC light* In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $150 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I (000 CHRISIMAS trees; sizes and prices to suit
all: delivered: order early. California Christ -
• mas Tree Co.. 608 Sacramento; tel. Main 12S0.
I DOLL wigs made of human hair at La Vent*
parlors. 1140 Market at. ; telephone Folsom 446.
! LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
• turners; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
; llclted. GOLDSTEIN «c CO.. 733 Market st.
i STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. Ms Linden. Oakland.
• BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
1 brae. H. MARKB. 203 Third st. : send postal.
PAINTING and paperhangln-; rooms papered.
• $2 80 up. JENBJ,.*' * BATH. 308 Sixth St.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialtlsts. grow hair
• or no pay: book for stamp. 4 Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec.
; orators. Bee B. R. CHURCH. 307 San some st.
LACHMAN A CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
• garments; also remodel 104 Kearny st.
I WANTED- Old gold for manuf'g O. NOLTE.
• Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
r CHEAPEST and best m America — weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada on* year for . $1.
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE;— CITY— FOB SALE.
A NEW BLOCK.
$673 UPWARD
$30 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
The choicest and cheapest lots In th* city la
the growing Sunset District, facing on )th and
10th ayes.. between J and X sis., only : blocks
from Golden Oate Park and electric car lines;
these lots are on the first rise from th* Park
and command a magnificent marine view which
can never be obstructed: no more rnarming
home site* In the city: prices only $«75 and on
$16 monthly payments; street work don*, every
lot on grade with the street: If you. buy a lot
you pledge yourself to save 110, which without
the pledge you might not save: these lots are
bound to Increase in value: bound to sell quick-
ly; see them at one*; take- blue cars on Eddy
it. .Kilt- and Halght at. cars transfer), get oft
at 9th «ye. and H st. § hoa(j
114 Montgomery st.
$275— ONLY $26 cash, balance IS monthly; O
st. and 10th aye.*. only one lot left: commands
a panoramic view; graded and ready for the
builder. *
$CoO— A northwest corner: 10th ay« and O
st south of the Park; both streets graded; $3
cash. $10 monthly. LTON * HO AO.
114 Montgomery st,
FOR sale-Cheap, new 2-story hoose-; 1 rooms;
latest improvements; Noe.and mil sts.. near
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
FOX rale cheap-1 2-story houses, in good con-
dition: •on 2«th St.. near Howard. MRS.
POHLKER.
FOR lie or Tease— Lot on Geary St.. between"
Stockton and Powell. 27:«x137:i. : Address
CHAS. H. OHM. Schellvllle. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
I)4OO— MODERN »-roooi cottage on bltumlnls«4
•treet: lot »xMO; also a large 7-room house
on Pierce St.. near Halght; houses haUt t»
tult purchaser: easy terms. Inquire on prem-
lies F. NELSON builder.
IF you have lota north of Golden Gate Para,
west of First sve.. and you wish to sell them,
call en W. J. CUNN. 410 Montgomery sm.
ROOMS FOR :iOUSEKEEPINO.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and.^Jjf'j**!?
received at Call branch office. 2-00 Fillmor* st.
FIFTH. 3-3—3 connecting furnished housekeeo-
ing rooms. $13: also single rms.. $». 16 and $7.
HOWARD 704. corner Third— furnished
sunny rooms; first floor; also housekeeping.
HOWARD. "8m— Nicely furnished sunny n bay-
window suite, kitchen, housekeeping; others
reasonable. ________
HOWARD. 834— Sunny suit* complete house-
keeping. $10; sunny parlors. $2 week.
IVY AYE. 273—3 furnished rooms, new furni-
ture, with dishes and bedding, for housekpg.
JONES. 60»-Two sunny housekeeping rooms; I
beds; terms moderate. .
LEAVENWORTH. 405. near Ellis— To let; fine
sunny and housekeeping rooms. _____
Lewis IS. off Taylor, near Poit— Newly fur-
nlsned bedroom and kitchen; stove: $13.
MABXST. IKB opp T nth — I—rjre sunny at-
cove r^om i"' sunny .cn«n. untumlshed. $»,
MINNA. 2S-Sunny basement housekeeping
rooms: everything furnished.
MISSION. 854. nr. Third— l sunny front, newly
furnished room vlth stove: rent $7: also 1. $*.
MISSION *6»— Two furnished rooms, connect-
ing, complete for housekeeping. ______________
mTssION. 943— Nice front room with folding
bed and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
NATOMA 701— Two nice housekeeping rooms;
nan an.] wife. ____
POLK. 717—2 furnished rooms for light bouee-
keeping, with us* of bath.
POLK. ICO— I or 2 runny double parlors unfur-
nlihed; also furnished bedroom. _________
POLK 1527— 2 sunny rooms nicely furnished for
housekeeping, with cook stove; bath, ______
SEVENTH. 631— 54; I furnished housekeeping
rooms; sunny. <
_______
SOUTH PARK. i«4— Lower Boor, 4 rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $10.
TEHAMA. 44— Two housekeeping rooms.
TWELFTH. 144— Front and back parlor* com-
plete for housekeeping; running water: bath.
TWELFTH. 14. Sunny suite of 3 rooms for
housekeeping; also 3 rooms.
$10O.0CO TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver.seal-
skins, ptanos. guns. Uncle H-rris.ls Grant st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 10*6 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adv— >.
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at K23 Polk st.: open until * p. m.
ROOMS TO LET — Para. mad Cnfur-.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath; rooms •■• to $1 60 i.iv MRS. 1 KINO.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. sunny suites for gentlemen and families;
spec, rates tourists; elevator; all convenience.
BURNETT. 1436 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed nns., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. EM Market, cor. Oolden Oate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn; rms. A offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch office. 800 Flllmore st.
ELLIS. Large sunny room; suitable for 3
gentlemen; everything new.
FOURTH. 222*4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
n-indow and single rooms; reasonable; quiet.
FULTON. 21?. near Van Ness Single
room: gentleman or lady: $6.
GEARY. 403 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HIF.R.
GEARY. 656— Nice sunny suite* for housekeep-
ing; other rooms: baths, phone: reasonable.
GEARY. 774— Large sunny suit* of rooms; pri-
vate family: nicely furnished.
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms: day or week: reasonable.
GOUGH. 213—3 unfurnished sunny rooms; cas,
bath. etc.
GRAND SOUTHERN. Southeast cor. Seventh
and 'Mission Sunny rooms. ' en suite or
•Ingle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT live.. 21— The Wellington — Sunny rooms
Luc to $1 50 per night; $2 SO to $7 per week.
GRANT aye., 217, opp. Samuels' lac* bouse— En
suite or single; very reasonable.
lIAIGHT. 100— Newly furnished sunny room*.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
niKhed; every convenience; electric lights.
HYDE, 232— Newly furnished front parlor, sun-
ny and central; other rooms; home comforts.
JONES. 117- Nicely furnished sunny single
room; private; rent $7.
LARKIN, 707— I.arge newly furnished parlor;
rent $3 SO: private family.
MCALLISTER. 1034— Large furnished room;
targe closet; gas: hot and coll water, rent $4.
MINNA 867. cornir Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, 1. per week: transient.
NATOMA, 604. near Sixth— Furnished rooma.
single or en suite.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market-Nicely famished.
35c day up; $2 week up; transient.
OAK. 116— Sunny suite of rooms: gas, bath:
newly furnished; gentlemen preferred.
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— Sunny furnished
bay window; double bed; one $10; two $11.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 504— Sunny suite; latest Improve-
ments, gentlemen only; also single rooms.
O'FARRELL; 604— A nicely furnished suits of I
rooms, bath and latest Improvements.
PERRY. 14— Single furnished front room to let.
ROYAL House. 136 Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms, per night. 15c to $1 M: w**k. 13 to
$3; month, » to $10; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot. cold water; baths.
KM AN Apartment House. 2* Eighth St..
near Market-Furnished and unfurnished.
BUTTER. 705— Offlce of late Dr. Robertson, also
other sunny, handsome rooms.
THE Oak*, lit Third— A food rooming house)
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TWO large rooms In rear of 711 Natotna st.
bet. Eighth and Ninth; rent $5.
VAN NESS aye.. 308— Elegantly and newly far-
nlshed sunny bay-window rooms; no children.
A BRANCH offlce for th* reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* has been op*n«4
at 1223 Polk St.; open tilt » p. m. «—*■—»
SEWING MACHINES A.IO BUPPLIF*.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold*
machine supplies. 148 Sixth: phene Mint «L
ALL kinds bought. »- '. exchanged, rented: re.
• pairing at lowest rate. 208 F— rth s^ '
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
VIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Col
Of flee 431 Pest St.. cor. Po— til; ft. Main ITUL
WATCH REPAIRING. ~~~
v i ATC i lES * n »* We: guaranteed I years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. HI Kmtraj'.SPCCIAL NOTICKS.
MR* Vli. HOPKINS' new discovery" fcr rheu"
matlem; ulno medicated batht for alcoholism
and rheumatism. .1. Mkt.. office 7; 1-5. 7-10.
lIOOMS imixred from J3; whitened. It up;
_ faintitut done. Hun man Paint Co.. lIS Third.
BAD tenants ejected :or »4; collections made;
rity or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
«l- Mrwictrfrv rt,. roomn »-10: tej. KIS.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
■I :i'm i i \ it: \i ESTATE.
• wVSL^" 1 " f'!?*. m <"=>l p *i«r ~ho~mes~adjacent '
Erth7ffl&£iS U * : " U4t «»P>«ed: porcelain
r,«; ' bed '■' nn * tvr &l wood; all modern
Sgy^yi'yqpcy frcntatre; terms if de-
: sired M. L. WURT3. :?th A Bway. Oakland.
Vyv.-> nn a t*-jo room*: modern: ne» r ■'■ cm; 1
• I?. TV to l nlvpr »lty: price rr.oo; ea»y terms
, >»:i:!:sK & <T>I>DIN(;tON, Berkeley Station.
•OAKLAND^ AMERTISEIIENTS,
CFFICE-908 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FIKMTCnG for sale.
AX intnducticn to you from H. KhellhaaaT*tne
_ f *«gimire •., . !»*i nn< FranVUn. Oakland.
DIVIDED NOTICES. j
DIVIDEND No. 4 (3 ccnu jwr share)" o?~t he
. KV.auea Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable
• «t the office of the company. No. 3^7 Mar-
»rt *t.. in and after Friday. Dec. U. U»'i.
Trsr.yfer book* will clt*e on Tuesday. Dec, :
12. XfcJS, at 12 o'clock ra.
■ • ■ _E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PJVTOEXD Sa 74 «r."7eMs~p?r share) ot the
• . iitttchtnmon Sugar Plantation Comjmny will
i-e pavatile ot the office of the company. J2T
i . Dec.
i«ttiSi". f# I l^ V * *■'" clo "» en Thun>daT. Dec. !
»«. Ittt. at I o'clock p. m '
L F. If. SHELDON. -»t»ry.
V lIOVO SALS^
IUZT:*l UZT:*' ?rrr r IUPORKIA. BERKE^
jrV^'^.I 0 bul'.dert and material
rr.cn-NoUoe is hereby Riven to all concerned
" VtV Jtl*.^ P l^**'" or bids are solicited for
l. r 'T Uot V. °\. mn •Edition to the chemical
laboratory building and an addition to the
«cr.non Gymnasium on the university grounds,
ivrkeley. t al . and for performing the labor
a.n rurnlshing the materials necessary there-
./.•? r — mJd bllts t'r°Po»al« will be received
fi, !. S? 0 ? y tht K'lfnts of the University
i« Hl"..^H 1 "..^ I * rlt Hopkins Institute of Art. corner
of California and Mason ets , San Francisco.
Cal.. at or Nfore 1.30 o'clock p. m. on the
Sfih day of l>ecembcr. W9.
• -And notice Is hereby further given that the
.pi* l ** »ad speclficatMns of said butlJlngs have
r»rn made and adiTted and are placed In the
•i f *w rr Curlett & McCaw. architects. <14 Phc-
lan bunding. San Francisco, where the name i
n".ay Se seen and examined during rich day
. froa :o ©clock a. m. until I o1o 1 clock p. m .
i firm this date until the :«ih day of Decem-
ber, 11S8.
• No bids/or proposals will be considered unless
./he t-ant are accomr*nlcd by a certified check
or a bond of said proposer In the sum of ten
•nr» per cent of his proposal, with sufficient
;-.sumies. conditioned that tf said bid or pro-
-P°*al shall be accepted the party proposing will
<!•>:> enter into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations in accordance
wit^jwid prpposit and plan anl specifications,
.•.which Khali t* and are hereby required to be
.«• part of such contract. The right to reject
•>'!}* and all pMt Is hereby resened.
J Thl* notice Is given pursuant to an act en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
a<t to create and onranlre the University of
California," approved March a. IMB. and an
act .amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
..March ?s. JC2. relating to the conatrucUon of
'.-".:.■► approved March 1. 1597.
'." ' By rnler of the committee on grounds and
.-fcui-Mlnps of the BdSird of Regents.
• -Hated December IX. 1K».
E A. I>KXICKE. Chairman.
•V.: W. A. McKOWEX. Acting Secretary.
;3311»S » anted — Notice Is hereby given that
■ »ealed propoaals wilt be received by the Board
;> if Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
••••; jTnia, at Its office, room IS. K0 San*ome et..
-.* Fao Franclpco. Cal.. up to 10: SO o'clock a. m .
' . SATURDAY. December S3. Ittt. and cpenea
Irnmefijately thereafter In the presence of bld-
.."ders. fcr fureUhing and delivering quarter-
•"" master and r rr.rr. '.!■.- a rv supplies for he Vet-
•J eron*' Home. *vai* Ccuaty. ral. (railroad sta-
• t!«n y«nintville>, for six months commencing
.T»nusry \. :■•>. and ending June *0. !'• -o
Schedule* with Information and Instructions
' Tar rubmltting bids will be furnlrhed upon
:■ application by the underslimed. Bidders will
. rarefully follow the conditions of the sched-
■'.■ -uJe». and on bid will be cnnj-ldered unless It
••!•' !n accordance with such schedules. Each
r, tedder mu*t aceomr>any hts Md with a certl-
"i . '■■■'. 'rheck vixm rome well-known and re-
»;->"'•• baxklsg h •'.-- for at leart 10 per
' r»nt tit the amount of his bid. payable to C.
'■ Mason Klnne. treasurer, conditioned that th«
lildder will enter Into a rood - and valid con-
ract opon notice of acceptance as required
y law. The board reserves the right to
»'ect any or all bMs and to order any quan-
Itv over or untjer the amount specified.
Aflflre«s J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
f Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
nrnla, room 11. t!^ Pans"ir.» M . San Fran-
Ipco. Cal. By orrter «f the Board of Dlrec-
yn. J. J. PCOVILLH. Sefrr^ary.
N FRANCISCO. Cal.. December 11 ISS»—
eaied proDonals. In triplicate, will be re-
el vefl here until 12 o'clock m.. January IS.
MM, and then opened, for conrtructlor. of an
penance storebou^e «t Fort Point. Cal. Oor-
-Trtner.t reserve* the right tn reject or accept
ny or all bids In whole <r In part. Prefer-
nce riven to articles of domestic production.
onfl'.tlons of price and qualltr (including In
h» price of foreign productions the duty
herer-n) be!r.g equal, and such preference
'yen to article* of American production pro-
u(*ed tm the Pacific Coast, to extent of con-
ompticTi required by the public service there,
nrorrrntlon furnished on annllcatlm to un-
ersimei. TnveVpe* contdlr.ing prop«>f>sls
hnn'l he eni»nr»e<l "Proponals for Storehouse
t Fort Point, ral.." and addressed by J. M.
lARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster General
T.ief Q M.
LEGAL ADVEIiTISEMBjrrJT
IN the Superior Court of the City and "county
«f Pan Francisco. State rf California.— ln the
ir.ttter of Occidental Beet Surar Company, a
• rorpcrstlr.n. upon Us application for a Judg-
ment cf dlwolutlcn. — Notice No. 7P.422.
Notice Is hereby riven thst OCCIDENTAL
PEET SUGAR COMPANT. a corporation or-
i:.r.'.r.ej and existing under and by \lrtue of
th# laws of the State of California, and hav-
rnr Its office and place of buslner* In the city
and county of Fan Francinco. State of Cali-
fornia, hts filed a verified application ad
'. • CreM>ed to the Papericr Court of the city and
.'. cotinty of San Francisco. State of California,
.• .which application 1* *lrne<J by - majority of
['■•'.the Board of Directors, praying for a Judg-
■■• . rnent of dissolution of «ald corporation, and
that Friday. December Kd. ISW. et 10 o'clock
a 18.. »t the courtroom of said court. De-
r.artment Number Two. In the City Hall of
• "the City and County rt San Francisco, have
' " beer. appointed ts the ear. time and Mace for
v the hearing of s-ald application.
'In wltne«s wherfof I hare hereunto «et mv
: - "'hand tnd affixed the official feal of said Bu
■ in-rt^r Court, this ?th day of November. IWJ.
rs»al) WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
Py JOSEPH RIORDAN. Depute Oerk.
' Tndnrsed: Filed November ». 1W». WM.
A. DEANE. CTerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
• ,-•»•■ <— r-.y
'•". MARBIAGE LICENSES.
: Marrlsr» licenses have been issued as follows:
: -'.'T-.-k A. Lowell and Hattle Shattuck..2«-20
J^ank T. Peach and Laura K. Thompson.. .lB-34
• .F»ar.k E. Manor and Edyth M. Button »-:4
• :U»-?iry O. Dangers and LizzU Bohn 4S-SI
:JV»4 F. Haub and Hstelle D. Horgao 13-23
i <Ah(".rew F. Anflers^n and Mm A. C0bb.....2»-2S
. Ttnrrr Srhrr.aiz and Flcra Meyer 24-28
■'I IHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, rcarrtag* and death notices sent by
• mtr will not b* Inserted. They must be handed
.:n -fct rlther of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
' ■•«&»• authortced to have the kiiDi* published.
BORN.
" MrMAHAN— In this dty. December 14. I*9*. to
. the wire of L. C. McMahan. a daughter.
KA.LOMOXRON-In Oakland. December 14. IS?9.
•to tSe wife of C F. Balomonson. a son.
MARRIED.
ANDEIISOrf— COBB— In this city. December 14.
IW, Andrew F. Anderson and Sit.a A Cobb.
»<cth of Ban Franclnco.
ELLIOT- DEM PS ET— ln this city. December
19. ikM. by the Re%". Father Ramra. Robert
El. i; :i t of Belfast. Ireland, and Carolyn R.
Hope Dempsey of Pan Francisco.
TRICE-HAUGHTON-In Oakland. December
.• 11. IS**, by the Rev. Dr. Coyle. Louis H.
• Price of Oakland and Emily liaughton of San
. " Frsncirco. ■
—^^— — — _^_^_
DIED. ~~"
Carson. Her A. R. L>i»ch. Michael
TViane, Jtrmifi I» McMurdo. Mrs. Dr.
Xifllan. Bridget O'Connell-Nlcholson.
■. Krtekson. Andrew John
. Ferrus'jn. Thomas H. Reynolds. Georre T.
: :i!</|.kins. Herbert A Sheridan. Eurene
'Hughes. Margaret C. Walther. Phillip 11.
Tlufrhlnrs. Henry W. * Watson. William
Jcf^j.hson. J. S. Welter. Adam J.
CARPON-In • v.. city. December U. 188». at bis
: HtNRY .1. GALLAGHIiR CO..
. . (■uunfiiii to nannagan A OalUgher).
FOERAL DIRECTORB AND IMBALMBIM,
m, ntlt «_ opposite L «C3ln ocaw»C
T«lephooe MouA M.
MoAVOY db CO.. 1
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
I J2JS Market i>t.. between »th and >ta. 1
I ' Telephone Bouth^jjr I
residence, 121 Bartlett street. Rev. Alexander
Newton Carson, a native of Tennessee. . .
Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at I o'clock, from hit late resi-
dence, thence to Trinity Presbyterian Church.
corner Twenty-third and Capp streets, where
services will be held at 2:10 o'clock. In-
terment Masonic i'«-metery.
DOAXE— In Oakland. December U. IW>. J«n-
r.le Louise, beloved daughter of P. A. and
Jennie C. Doane. a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years Ul months and 16 days.
CrFi::er*l from her parents' home. IMo
T-'nion street, this day (Friday), at i o'clock.
DOLAX-In this city. December U, 1599. at her
residence. 536 Church street. Bridget, be-
loved wife of James J. Dolan. formerly of
Bear Valley. Mariposa County, a native of
County Claire. Ireland.
IC7 Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at »
o'clock, from St James Church, comer Guer-
rero and Twenty-third streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be held for the
r*ivx«* of her soul. Interment Holy Croat
Cemetery.
ERICKSON-In this city. December 14. 189S
Andrew Erickton. a native of Sweden. aged
M ■ ars
FERGUSON-ln this city. December 1«. IBM.
Thomas Henry Ferguson, beloved husband of
Kitty Ferguson, and father of Alice and
Thomas and the late James Ferguson, a na-
tive nf Albany. X. T.. aged 42 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
: HOPKIXS-At Camp La Carlotta, Negr«t
Island. P. 1.. April IS. ISM. Herbert A. Hop-
kins, son of Elizabeth and the late Albert H.
Hopkins, and brother of Mrs S. Lanran.
i Mary Tobener Hopkins and Henry Dehn Hop-
kins, a native of Gold Hill. Nevada, aged 10
• year* and I months.
M'GHER-In this city. December I*,!*?*, Mar-
rarrt Catherine, beloved wife of John Hughe*,
aanghter cf James and the late Bridget Nel-
K-n. and sister of Josephine. James M and
the Ute John Nelsen. Mrs. S. Bui lard and
Mrs. George Cullen. a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years 3 months and U days.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HTTCHINCS-In this city. December 14. ISM.
Henry Wesley, beloved husband of Annie M..
Hutching*, father cf Catherine Fern and
Thomas Loan Hutchlngs. and brother of Mrs.
I.vdla Wolfe and the late Rufus Hatchings
! and Mr*. 1-aura Lagoo. a native of Palestine,
111., aged if years I months and U days.
CTNottce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of R. F. Bute * Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion ...... Seventh and «gntn.
JOSEPHSON-In this city. December 14. IS9S.
J. B. Jo»ephson. beloved husband of Ernestine
Joseph*. .n. and father of Mrs. Jennie Behr
of New York, a native of Lobsens, Germany.
! •«ed to year* 3 months and 57 days.
C7"Frlen<:» and acquaintances and members
of Keystone Lodge. .K. of H.. are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at in o'clock, from hit late resi-
dence. IS*9 Geary street, thence to Salem
Cemetery by 11:50 o'clock train.
LYNCH —In this city. December 14. IS9».
Michael Lynch, brother of the late John
Lynch and Hanorah Conahan. a native of the
parith of Pat i County Kerry. Ireland, aged
C 5 vent-*. (Stockton papers please copy.)
rFTI»-n.'.« and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:21 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 54 Perry street, thence to St. Rose s
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be c-lebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock- Interment Holy
Crofs Cemetery.
McMfRDO— An annual solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated In St. Agnes Church,
corner Manonlc avenue and Par* Street,
to-morrow (Saturday), at » o'clock for the
repose of the soul of the late Mr*. Dr. John
R. ICeMurio Friends are respectfully In-
vited to attend.
CCONNELL-XICHOLBON — In Mendocino.
Cal December 8. 1&3». John nnell. be-
Joyed son of the late Mary Nicholson, a. na-
tive of Framlngham. Mass.. aged 44 years (
menths and 14 days.
CTThe funeral services will take place this
day iFrlday). at in o'clock, at the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros.. SI Eddy street. Inter-
ment Hcly Cross Cemetery, by 11:50 o clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
REYNOLDS— In Stege. Contra Costa County.
December 12. 1««9. George T . beloved hus-
band of Sophy E. Reynolds, father of May
and John Reynold*, and son of the late John
Reynolds, a native of California, aged 40
years I month* and 8 days
CrFrter.l* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
.Friday*, at » o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1416 Howard street, thence to the
Church of Bt. Charles •Borromeo, corner of
Eighteenth and Bhotwell streets, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SHERIDAN— In this city. December 14. ISM. at
his residence. 2C06 Folsom street. Eueene.
dearly beloved hufband of Carrie A. Sheri-
dan, and son <>f Owen and the late Mary
Sheridan, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 32
years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at S:JO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 260« Folsom street, thence to St. An-
tboaj-'l Church. Army street, near Folsom.
mhere a solemn requiem high ma** will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WALTHER— In this city. December 13, 1*99. I
Phillip H.. beloved husband of the late Bu?an
Walther. a native of Worms. Hessen-Darm-
•tartt. Germany, axed £4 year* A member of
Herrmann Stamm No 224. U. O. R. M.. and
Yerba Buena Urn No. 8. U. O. R. M. (Bos-
ton papers please copy.)
CTFncnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 5 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall.
no Bu»h street, where services will be held.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr A Co..
IXZ7 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WATSON— In this city. December 14. tM, Wil-
liam Watson, beloved husband of Mary Wat-
son, and father of Harry. Richard. William.
Charles, Daniel and the late John Watson, a
native at Birmingham. England, aged 61
years 1 month and 22 days.
WELTER— In Oakland. December 13. 1899.
Adam J.. beloved husband of Johanna, Welter,
and father of Harry Welter, a native of Hes-
een. Germany, aged 25 years 10 months and
If. days.
Newest Things, Pretthst Things
'Best Things, For Christmas Holidays.
Pretty Lamps, Ornamental Clocks, Sit-
r ber>w*re.
COME JUST TO LOOK
(jrtAt American Importing It* Co,
CHIN AWARE PALACES.
210-212 GRANT AYE.,
Bet. Sutter and Post Sts.
801 MARKET, opp. Powell.
Branch Stores Everywhere.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J M Ptovall & w. CaliO R Chase. n Bluff
Mrs M Manor. Cal 11 M Pierce. -go
Mrs G M Button. Cal C G Wllcox Vlealla
C Button. Cal |J M Bell, Klngman
C W Miller. Portland Mir- L Allen, Stocktn
W II Turner Merced 111I II O Scudder. N T
W T Kessler. Martinet \V D Madlgan, Cal
O H Warford, V 8 N L Roes. Lob Ang
T C Stanlford. Cal R B Sutherland. Cal
N O'Neill. Cal O Janssen & w. Cal
C Nlcholls. }>e*cadero W Rooks. 8 Diego
Dr McCullom. Bacto Mrs T G Walker. Cal
G R Moss. Cal Miss M Rowe. Cal
W H Dunphy. Cal W Beckman. Bacto
D L Albert. Rockport W G Read Colusa,
B W Martin. Denver W McNatre. Cal
J C Dwyer. Alametfa EM Carr, Pinole
H Bebree Aw. Idaho L D Jacks. 8 Rosa
Miss B rinr.ey. Idaho Mrs O H Hopkins But
L Price & w. Oaklnd II C Hopkins. Butte
W D Burnbam. NY C L Windsor. Vancouv
A M Peymour. Sun W Lamont. Vancouver
(ait St Hubert & dau. ;W D Buckley. Btocktn
Cal F A Lowell. Cal
L 1' Larsen. Rio Vista iW E Perren. 8 Jose
I. II Wyckoff. Woodld W S Btoddard. R Bluff
J II Chamberlain. Cal G R Kennedy. Chlco
J T Condon. Verdi \V Dollard. Chgo
T T I'argle. Oakland E F Rowland. Reno
H • man. Cal C C Rowland, Reno
E A Donahoe. Fresno iW Steinbeck, Roll later
H Day. San Jose |T E Manor & w Cal
D H Etteln, ' Pasadena A J Larson. Lodi
H Emmelln. Lakeside J Mcßaln. Menlo
E D Gardner. R Bluff
PALACE HOTEL.
rII Buck. V&caville C D Griffith. Bpokane
M Nelson. Melbourne ' '. Vl* Pease S" V
j J Cole. St I>«uls Mrs G W Pease, N T
A E Dargln. Chgo II M Yertngton, Carsn
Mrs A X Dargln. Chgo Mrs H M Yerlngton,
II Focke. Honolulu , Carbon
D Pletrolsl. fa! i T Gage. Sacto
n R Banning. Oakland Mrs II T Gage. Baeto
E J Brannock, Skaguy A B Cohn. Missouri
D P Jenkins, Bpokane J M Fuller. N V
B Barsh, NY . [! M Gulnee, N V
f, r tj N Ward. VB A Mr. X M Oulnea. N T
1,, (j B Lawrason. UjW H Hodge. Chgo
6 A I 11 ,™ l ' Kuhn. Oakland
A B Butler. Cal W 'J Ulatt. Mich
Mrs A B Butler. Cal ill P Xye. 6 Diego .- .
F T Peach. Alameda \V II Rickey, n V
Mrs F T Peach. Alamd C Hunter, N V
r D Vroom. NY J W liunyan. Cal
J H Cravens, Pasaden C Whltcomb. Boston
Mrs J II Cravens. Oil Mm C Whlteomb Boat
Ouilty of Manslaughter.
OAKLAND. Pec. 14-After three hours'
deliberation the Jury that tried Frank
Bhesave f,, r the murder of Frank Flores
A the- Indian Reservation near Plph.-uu
rought in a verdict of manslaugh
ter in Judge Ogden's court this after
•rnmended leniency. The
prisoner, who Is a California Indian,
bmli'-d when Informed of the purport of
the verdict. Sentence will be Imposed
next Monday morning.
TIIE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1899.
WOULD EXTEND
CIVIL SERVICE
League Sends Letter to
the President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec. 14.— At the spe
cial meeting of the executive committee
of the National Civil Service Reform
League to-day a communication which
was sent to President McKlnley Novem
ber 16. and not heretofore published, was
submitted. It Is in part as follows:
Sir: The undersigned member* of the execu- ,
tive committee c{ the National Civil Service
Reform League hereby respectfully Invite your
attention to the following facts:
In January. lfci 1 ?. a special committee ap
pointed by the league called upon you for the
purpose of remonstrating against your contem- ,
plated executive order for excluding certain :
places from the classified service, and to this
committee you expressed your intention of add
ing other places to the service, greater In num
ber than those excluded. After the promul
gation of your order of May 29. under date of j
September 8, this special committee, consisting •
of Messrs. William Dudley Foulke, Richard \
Henry Dana an.l Herbert Webb, addressed to '
you the following letter:
"To the President— Sir: The undersigned, as
members of a committee of the National Civil
Service League, which waited upon you In Jan
uary. IW9. In regard to your proposed order for '
excluding certain places from the classified ser- '
vice, teg to remind you of the fact that In our i
conversation we expressed the hope that If you
found It necessary to make those exclusions
you would at the same time Include within the ;
classified list, subject to competitive examina
tion, at least as large a number of places as
those omitted, so that It might appear that no ■
backward step had been taken. To this you
replied that It was your Intention to Include a i
great many more places than those excluded, ■
and that you hoped to make the order so com- !
prehensive that the reform of the civil service '
would then be to complete that nothing further
would need to be done In regard to It.
"Our disappointment was, therefore, great
when, upon the appearance of your order, we
found not only that the number of exclusions
was far greater than had been previously sup- ,
posed, bat that there waa none of the inclusions !
which you had* assured us It was your Intention '
to make.
"May we not hope that It Is still your purpose
to make some substantial and Important ex
tensions of the present classified system t
"We believe that the large number of exclu
sions made by your order of May 29 from the
requirement of competitive examination has
been Injurious, not to the civil service of the ,
Government only but to th* country at lance,
and we hore to satisfy you of this by the re
sults of certain Investigations which we Intend
to lay before you at an early date and ask you
for a revocation of that order.
"We beg leave to Inquire whether we may not
now look for the additions to the classified ser
vice promised In the Republican platform of ]
1F96. and which we were then assured It was
your Intention to make, and If so, whether It
will be ajrreeaUe to you to state at what time
such additions may be expected."
Thin was signed by Georce McAneny
(secretary). Carl Schurr. Richard Henry
Dana and eighteen others.
Along with the communication to the
President was submitted the following:
EXECUTIVE MANSION. WASHINGTON.
Nov. IS. -My Dear Sir: I beg leave to ac
knowledge receipt of the letter of the 16th
Inst,. signed by yourself and other members of
the National Civil Service Reform League, and
to say that It will be brought to the attention
of the President. Very truly yours,
J. A PORTER.
Secretary to the President.
George McAneny Esq.
STREET IMPROVEMENT
and
CITY WATER WORKS
(Continued From Third Page.)
cities have not provided for street improve
ments In their charters the Legislature may
d" so. It becomes Important, then, to all
charter cltleti, a* well as other municipali
ties of this State, provided they have no
system of street improvement laws In the
charters themselves, to either amend their
charters before the meeting of the next
Legislature, so as to adopt some system
of street Improvement, or to extend all
their Influence to have fair statutes pasted
by. the Legislature upon this subject.
It Is conceded, 1 think, that no one sys
tem of apportionment Is entirely satisfac
tory in every locality, and It Is only rea
sonable to say that even In the same city
no one system Is found entirely satisfactory
for ever}' piece of street work that may be
necessary.
It seems to me that a system of street
improvements should be adopted by the
Legislature by which the governing body
of a city may adopt any one of the plans
which have been In vogue In California In
the past In street Improvement or other
plans which may be suggested by which
street Improvement may be done. The
widest liberty should be given to the cities
themselves In the matter of street Improve
ment. Giving the matter Into the hands of
the cities themselves and permitting them
to have a wide choice of methods will in
time Justify the statement that the city
can take care of Its own affairs.
The remainder of the morning session
was devoted to a discussion of this
paper. City Attorney Guy R. Kennedy
of Chlco added his testimony against the
Vrooman act, which, had proved a failure
In his town. He favored a plan that
would allow the Board of Trustees to
carry on street improvements, even
against the wishes of. property-owners.
He suggested the appointment by the
convention of a committee to draft a law
to that effect to take the place of the
Vrooman act. City Attorney Yorko of
Napa took the same general view. Street
Superintendent C. W. Finch of Riverside
hau no kind words for the Vrooman act,
which he had found to be ineffectual.
He favored the right of the property
owners to protest up to a certain limit
and a district assessment system as
means to the end of street improvement.
Mayor Eaten of I/os Angeles was not
flattering in his comments on the work
ings of the present street law In Los An
geles. One trouble he had found with It
was that it allowed men with political
pulls to take charge of work of which
they were entirely ignorant. On the right
of protest he said: "1 think property
owners ought to have the right to pro
test, because very often contractors for
their own benefit got up lobs, and If there
was no right of protest they would work
many Jobs through city councils."
In answer to a question of Joseph
Hutchlnson of Palo Alto, Mayor Eaton
said that the Vrooman act amended along
the lines of the old Los Angeles charter
should work well.
Joseph Spinney of the Fresno Board of
Trustees proposed a plan of street assess
ment which seemed to meet with ap
proval. He advised that each city should
ascertain at the beginning of each fiscal
year how much street work was contem
plated for that year, and raise the money
for It in the tax levy and create a special
fund.
Joseph Hutchlnson said that a plan
similar to that advocated by Mr. Hpinuey
had been tried successfully In battling
with the B-»wer problem at Palo Alto. He
said the objection to the Vronman act
lay In the fact that It appeared as If
money was being taken from their
pockets to pay for public improvements
W. A. Hale of Martinez, Bernard Bi*>n
cnfleld''of this city. W. H. Turner of Mer
ced and Trustee Sweet of Santa Rosa all
made suggestions on the general linen of
discussion. On motion of Mr. Hutchinsm
th" chair was directed to appoint a com
mittee to draft a new bill for street work
which, after ratification by the conven
tion, should be presented to the Legis
lature.
W. A. Hale Introduced the following
resolution, which was referred to the ex
ecutive committee: '
Resolved. That the legislative commit
tee be directed to prepare a Mil, the pur
pose of which will be to exempt the gen
eral business enterprises within Incorporated
cities from the payment of licenses to the
counties. . .
At the afternoon session the convention
listened to many Interesting discourses on
the experiences of cities that owned and
operated their own water works. Each
speaker was an advocate of municipal
ownership and based his approval of the
proposition on his knowledge of the bene
fits he claimed it has been to the com
munities that have adopted the pollcv
President Sweet of the Santa Rosa Trus
tees. President Druffel of the Santa Clara
Trustees. Professor Marx of . Palo Alto
and City Trustee Sore.nson of Modesto
talked on the subject. The remarks of
Mr. Sorenson were emphasized with a
natural' wit that took the wrinkles out
of the faces of the sedate gentlemen who
preside ov«r the destinies of the cities of
the State.
Trustee < Sweet described in detail the
difficulties his city had gone through in
..establishing Its water plant and the clr
cumstances and conditions that led up !
to the adoption of the policy of municipal
ownership.
( "Seven or eight years ago." he said,
"our people became annoyed at .the quan
tity and quality of the water that was
being furnished by the water corporation ;
and there were rumblings that It was ,
time for the city to acquire Its own plant.
It was soon found that there waa an over
whelming Pentlment in favor of munlci
pal ownership. A bond election followed ;
and tho people voted In favor of the prop- ;
osltlon by a great majority.
"At the start we made many mistakes, \
principally for the reason that few of our ]
officials knew anything about the man- i
agement or ooeratlon of water work.«. !
Threatened litigation prevented us from j
floating our bonds, but we finally made a '
deal with a contractor to put in the plant 1
and take his pay In bonds. Under the J
corporation system there was a scarcity i
of water, the quality was poor and for a j
time the Irrigation of the gardens, which
are Santa Rosa's pride, was stopped.
"Wo at first sunk wells, but they were
failures. Then we sunk a shaft 45 feet !
Into the ground and from that we ran .
tunnels north and south and struck a fair
i supply of water. The present city admin
istration extended tbe tunnels and we
now have a steady flow both winter and '
summer of more than 1.000,000 gallons a I
The original cost of our plant was j
JlfiO.ooo. but the people would not sell it
now for twice that amount, and I doubt
i If an offer of $500,000 would tempt them to
part with It. We do not charge the peo-
I pie a cent for water and have not done
so for five years. The piant Is operated
by direct taxation. There Is an annual
levy of about 264 cents on the Jl<v> valua
i tlon for the purpose. Of this amount 25
i cents goes to the bond Interest and re
j demption fund and the balance Is for the
• operating expenses of the works.
"It 1b my opinion that every young city
should strive for free water, and lots
of It."
An equally rosy hue was found in the
, municipal ownership system by Trustee
; Druffel of Santa Clara. His city wa-s
I bonded for 16000 for a water plant after
the service furnished b; a corporation
i proved unsatisfactory- The plant cost
$5300 and the running expenses amount to
; $300 a month. The Income Is In the neigh
; borhood of $600, leaving a surplus annual
,ly of *400 d. This pays the interest and one
! of the bonds every year and leaves a bal- i
: an< c for possible contingencies. Santa
Clara now gets all of Its water for mu
\ nlcipal purposes free, where formerly it
I paid the corporation about $2000 a year.
So i;reat has been the success with the
! water plant that the people are under
taking the issuance of $30,000 bonds for
i the erection of a municipal gas plant to
j supply private consumers.
Professor C. I. Miirx of Palo AJto said
I that Santa Uoea made Its most serious
error when It started to establish Its own
water plant without having any definite
plans for the future. He contended that
the free water plan was not a reasonable
ono, claiming that the only business
' method by which a city should handle Its
own water works was by supplying the
commodity at cost.
Mayor Sweet replied to this by saying
that one of the matters that was under
consideration by the present City Council
of Santa Rosa was the devising of a plan
to prevent the waste of water and th«
■ alms* of the free privilege. The plan
apr.-.l upon was to supply all consumers
I through meter*, allowing a reasonable
' ami 'mi i of water fret; all In excess was to
be charged for.
"Why, up in my town." said Mr. Sweet.
"It would be P' lltical suicide for an offi
cial to suggest such a thing as the people
paying foi wal
A widow hud stood between Trustee
Sorenson of Modesto and municipal own
| ershlp. He admitted that he had finally
been won over, but neglected to »ay whet
became of tbe widow.
"In vious to lv'V he said, "a private
corporation owned Modesto'a water sup
ply. The corporation wad a widow— a
modest girl, whom we all loved and re
spected. Our pr- utest danger was that in
the- event <>f .i big cuiflacratlon the water
works would bt turned up first. We were
without a ■ ''-m. and the existing
water supply was not of sufficient capa
city to flush one I will admit thut at the
Start I was among those who did not fa
vor municipal ownership, because I could
not help standing In with the widow. I
was between two tires— lf I voted for mu
nicipal ownership I would make a finan
cial ruin of th.- widow, and If I did not. I
felt that I would w.tke up some mornlns;
and find that 1 had died during the night
fr.'tn malaria be< •• Modesto had no
FyMem. Now we have everything
and the city owns the whole business and
runs the plant at a profit."
The problem was also discussed by D.
F. Hunt of Banta Hnrharn. Professor
Randall of Berkeley and Trustee Winter
of Redwood City, letters approving the
•. of munelpal ownership were read
From Mayor I^nrnh of Santa Cruz and
from the City Clerk of Monrovia. \
Before the afternoon session adjourned
the chairman appointed the following
committee to draft new street laws to be
Bubmltted to the next Legislature: Joseph
Hutchinson. Palo Alto; W. A. Reasley.
San Jose; E. K. Taylor. Alameda; Mayor
Fred Eaton, T>os Anerel.-*; < '. W. Finch,
Riverside; Joseph Spinney, Fresno; May
or J. S. Sweet. Santa Rosa; City Attorney
J. T. Yorke. Napa; O. R. Kennedy, Chlco.
Mayor Qwest of Santa Rosa presided
over the evening session. In hln Introduc
tory remarks he Invited the league to hold
Its next convention In the city of which
he Is mayor. Hearty applause greeted
his Invitation.
"Santa Rosa Is not*rt for Its hospital
ity." said Mayor Swrvt, "and always glad
ly welcomes anything that will Improve
it Nothing will do us m.>re e.>..d than a
convention of this organization. If you
p.. to Santa ROM next year our peopl* will
turn out en msssn to receive your instruc
tion and pood advice."
"Municipal Licenses" and the "Value of
Municipal Libraries" were the subjects
i discussed at the evening session. C. N.
Klrkhride. City Attorney of San Mateo,
•he llrenpe question. H<* refer
r.-.l to Mayor Phel.in's remarks of the day
Lefor* In regard to placing a tax on all
niokel-tn-thei-slot telephones and warmly
Indorsed the proposition. Ht« did not fa
i vor a tax on merchants or a tax calculat
ed to shut competition out of a town,
characterizing such legislation aa un-
American.
Our Btorc will be open evenings dtir-
Ing December. Sanborn. VaJl & Co., 741
Market street •
A DINNER-DANCE
AND A WEDDING
Miss Voorhies, & Bud, In
troduced to Society.
iliimes Hamilton Howe
a Benedict.
One of tbe most Interesting chapters
(n this week's social history was
when Mrs. A. H. V'oorhles fcave a
dinner-dance in honor of her daughter.
Miss Leila Orantland Voorhles. one of the
season's buds. The residence, 2111 Cali
fornia street, waa beautifully decorated
throughout, especially picturesque being
the adornments of the music-room and
dining-room where the dinner was seryed.
Everything was In pink, delicate pink
shades over the gas Jets and lamps, with
pink flowers and ribbuua. Miss Leila
Voorhles and Miss Elizabeth Huntlngton,
another of the season's buds, who shared
with the former the duties of hostess on
this occasion, wore frocks of pink silk.
The effect was one of perfect harmony.
During the progress of the menu a string
orchestra played morceaux from the mod
ern composers. Covers were laid for forty
five and those present were: Mrs. A. H.
Voorhlos, Mrs. H. E. Huntlngion Mr. and
Mrs. Henry J. Crocker. Miss Voorhles.
Mis.* Anna Voorhles. Miss Leila Voorhles.
Miss Elizabeth Huntington, Miss Jose
phine Kane, Miss Mary Nichols. Miss
lyes. Miss McClung. Miss Brighun>. Miss
Marparet Cole. Miss Ethel Valentine Miss
Ueorglana Hopkins, Miss Jeajinelte Hoop
er. Miss Mary Josselyn, Miss Olive Hol
brook. Miss Poett, Miss «'ooper. Miss
Jessie Wright and Miss Kathryn Dillon.
Messrs. Reid. Halnes, Lewis. Foster,
Baker. Uphani. Balrd. w. Scott. Chester
Murphy. Fred Poett. Lawrence Scott, J.
bishop, Chamberlln. Horace Platt. Will
iam McLalne. A. Btone. Percy King,
Alexander Center, Roy Pike, Professor
Sanford. Lieutenant Kelley and Lieuten
ant Haine6.
James Hamilton Howe. Mus. 8.. was
married to Miss Lily E. Cramphorn at
San Jose In the First Methodist Church
by Rev. Alfred Kummer, D. D. The San
Jose Oratorio Society bad prettily and
profusely decorated the church.
Professor \V. M. McFarland. A. M., of
Stanford University was best man and
Miss Alice McMillan the maid of honor.
I>r. Kranklin Palmer, organist of St.
Dominic's Church of San Francisco, was
the organist of the occasion and Mrs.
Mary wtvayer McCauley soloist.
As Miss Cramphorn entered the portals
of the church leaning upon her brother's
arm Dr. Palmer, who had given a half
hour recital, rendering masterpieces In a
most beautiful manner, began the bridal
march from "Lohengrin." Aa the brlde
elect came up the aiale Mrs. McCauley
sang "I Promise Thee," by De Koven.
Mr. Howe, with Professor McFarland.
arrived at the altar at the same time as
Miss Cramphorn with her brother and
Miss McMillan. -During the nuptial service
Dr. Palmer played quietly.
The bride wore white organdy over
white satin, with a veil, and carried white
roses, the gift of the bridegroom. The
maid of honor was dresseu In pale pink
organdy and carried carnations to match,
the gift of the bride. She also wore a
pin, the gift of the bridegroom. After
the service and the signing of the cer
tificate the wedding party passed through
a long line of people gathered In front
of the church.
A luncheon was served the bridal pair
by Mr. and Mrs. Krouse and Mr. and
Mrs. Howe took the fast mail for San
Francisco and are stopping at the Ra
mona. Many presents were received by
the bride ajia groom, among them an
upright pianoforte from the bride's
brother. Alfred Cramphorn, and an ele
gant music cai*» from the San Jose Ora
torio Society, which has been directed by
Mr. Howe for several years. The happy
couple will be tendered a reception to
night by the San Francisco Oratorio So
ciety and Philharmonic Orchestra at the
spacious home of Mr. and Mrs. James E.
Gordon. 2900 California street. They have
been Invited to spend a portion of their
honeymoon at the beautiful mansion of
Charles O. Perry of Belvedere.
POULTRY SHOW WAS A
SUCCESS FINANCIALLY
OAKLAND, Dec 14.— President F. B.
Mason -of the Oakland Poultry Associa
tion, under whose auspices the exhibition
was given last week, Bays that the af
fair proved a great success financially.
•We cleared between $400 and $500." he
said to-day. "The Pacifies gave about the
same kind of an exhibition and went be
hind over $1000. The^Supervisors gave us
an appropriation of $300 to help us out on
our last undertaking, and I understand
there la a move on foot now to consoli
date the Los Angeles and other organi
zations into one and get an appropria
tion from the Legislature to help defray
the expenses of a show on a large scale.
I don't know whether the idea is a good
one or not. A large concern does not
always pay better than when the same
proposition la conducted on a smaller
scale."
Prospective Husbands Cut Out.
OAKLAND. Dec. W.-J. 8. Myere to
day filed the will of Effle Ann McLean,
deceased wife of George McLean of I^w
rence Township, Tiojui County. Pa. Mrs.
McLean died at San Rafael, leaving prop
erty valued at nearly $10/(00. The will.
dated May 13, 1897, leaves everything to
two daughters, "Kittle Adelle McLean.
wife of Dr. M. S. Purdy of Corning, N.
V and Mary Elizabeth McLean of Ban
Rafael, to be their separate property,
and not subject to any who are or who
may be husbands." Mary E. McLran
and the widower have renounced their
rights to letters of administration, wid
for these Myers applies.
J. West Martin Estate Appraised.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.-T. T. Dargle,
Pierce C. Black and George K. Jackson
to-<lay filed an Inventory and appraise
ment of the estate of the late J. West
Martin, showing a total valuation of
$100,247. Included therein are shares In
the Oakland Water Company, $15,000;
cash In bank, H9M; I'nlon Savings Bank
Rtnek, $13.!rt)5: Union National Bank etock,
$:{7^o: also note of Valentin© Alvlso for
$14,786, secured by mortgage on 856 acres
of land In Murray Township. A $5000
note by George J. Alnsworth Is regarded
worthless.
REAJj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
S. W. and Margaret P. Cowlea to Margaret
Powelson, lot on N line of Oolden Gate avenue,
93:9 W of Plero» street. W 43:9 by N 137:6; $5100.
George Stlerlep to Marlua V. Courtols. lot on
X line of Waller street. 57:6 W of Central ave
nue (Lott) N 1W by W 25; $5000.
Franklin and Viola Riffle to same, same; $10.
Frederick O. and Adeline E. Wight to John
R. Altken. lot on BE corner of Washington and
Spruce streets. E 32:6 by S 100; $20.
William F. and Mary L. McNutt to James
and Peter C, Brown, lot on 8 line of Jackson
street 137:6 W of Taylor. W 137:6 by B 137:6; $10.
W E. (or Walter B.) and Helen C. Dean to
Kdward B. Pond, lot on E line of Steuart
street 137:6 8 of Market. S 91:8 by E 137:6; $10.
Francis and Patrick Hart. Maria Rlnn and
Ana Mullany to Henry E. Bothln. lot on NW
line of Natoma street. 410:6 SW of First. SW
°Mary* E. 75; $6. to Ella R. Smith, lot on NE
Mary E Itlley to Ella R. Smith, lot on NE
corner of Thirtieth avenue and J street. M 57:6
by F. 100: $10.
'Moses Davl* to Johanna Buckley. lots I£6 and
157 Gift Map 3: $10.
Castro Street Lund Company (a corporation)
to James H. Lyons, block 13. Map A. Castro
Street Addition; $10.
Mary A. Crowley to Patrick Crowley. lot on
S line of Sacramento street. 213:6 W of Larkln,
W M by 8 lit; Kift.
Philip F. or Fllippo F. Glnsto to Frances M.
and Jennie Glsuto, undivided one-sixth of lot
on N line of Grove street, 110 W of Octavla, W
27:6 by N 120: $10. «•'..
Henry G. and Ida G. Dodds to Dora Williams,
lot on S line of Jackson street. 80 W of Bu
chanan. W 60:6. 8 101. W 25:3. 8 26:6. E 75:». N
127 6: $10.
John and Cornelia F. Curry to Park Congre
iratlonal Chun!h. lot on S line of Hayes street,
i:« 3 W of Lyon. W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Henry J. Smith to Mary J. Smith, lot on W
line of Cook street. 125 N Of Point Lobos ave
nue. N 15 by W 120; $1.
Martin, Henry and Sarah Beverson to Mary
Connolly (wife of Mathlas J.). lot on E line of
Folsom street. 50 N of Thirteenth. N 25. E 30. 3
22:7. XV 80; $1700. .
Willis A Dun^hee to Dora C. Dunshee, lot on
N line of Nineteenth street, 60 W of Church, W
60 by N 100; Rift.
EMate of Elijah Price (by Charles P. Gib
bons, executor) to Frederick Gerken. lot on E
line of Mission street, 195 N of Twenty-fifth
M 25 by E 115: $3310.
Frederick and Meta Gerken to Henry Holt
man. same; $10.
C. H. and Grace W. Enpelke to J. M. Comer
ford, lot on S line of Twenty-eighth street "00
E of Church. E 25 by S 114: $10.
Helen M. Stanford to Joseph O. Demlng lot
on N line of Clay street, 97:6 W of Battery. W
40 by n 69:9; $20.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Jonas
r-choenfeld. lot on N line of Washington street.
91:8 W of Sansome, W 45:10 by N 136:6; $23,000.
William J. and Isabella Lowry to Nellie M.,
Agnes and Isabell Lowry, lot on E line of I'u
pont street. 95:6 S of Clay, E 68:9 by S 24:6; gift.
Dennis and Nellie Lally to Robert R. Hind,
lot on SE line of Minna street, 60 NE of Ninth,
NTS 30 by SE 80; $10.
Louise Foster Kopp (wife of J. E.) to Frank
R. Thomas, lot on W line of Utah street, 77 N
of Marlposa. N 25 by YV 100; $10.
Annie Slter Randall to Norman E. de Voll. lot
on E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 200 8 of V
street. 8 25 by I 120; $25.
Joseph and Annie Franklin to Marcus Frank
lin, lot on S line of Golden Gate avenue. 203:9
W of Van Ness avenue, W 47 by 8 120; $10.
Marx (or Marcus) and Hannah Franklin to
Joseph Franklin, lot on 8 line of Geary street.
60 E of Gough, E 27:6 by 8 120; $10.
Charles 8. Wheeler vs. Franclsca D. Cant
(by Alexander T. Patton, referee) to Rudolph
Bpreckels, lot on N Una of Pacific avenue. 13?. ♦
W of Lacuna street. W tSU by N 127:SVi;
$28.000..
Hannah McCoy to Patrick McCoy, lot on N
line of Filbert street. 547:6 W of Lacuna, W
27:6 by N 137:6: gift.
Solomon and Esther Levy to Morris Levy,
lot on N line of Geary street, 103:1 V* E of
Webster. E S4:4H by N 137:6: $6500.
Helen C. Thornton to Helen Thornton (daugh
ter) lot on S line of Pacldc avenue. 137.6 E
of Pierce street. E 65 by 8 117:« l i; gift.
Douglas Investment Company (a corporation)
and Samuel B. Welch to Alice C. Welch (wife
of Samuel B.), lot on N line of Pacific avenue,
68:9 W of Stelner street. W 61:9 by N 127:5>4;
$10.
Minna P. Tatum (wife of Henry L.) to same,
lot on 8 line of Pad lie avenue. 60 13 of Pierce
street. E 40 by S 127 :S^. $10.
Alice C. and Samuel H. Welch to Douglas
Investment Company (a corporation), same;
$10. .
Annie Leteher (wife of O. C.) to John
Brynteson, lot on-N line of California street.
(6:3 E of Lyon. E 60 by N 90:211: $10.
Louis F. and Eva, Knight to John C. and
Eva L. Kortlck, commencing 90 W of San Jose
avenue and 30 N of Twenty-elxtb street. N 30
by W 30:3; $10.
Estate Castmlro Blaginl (by Maria Blaclnl,
administratrix) to Henry Damkroeger, un
divided half Interest In lot on N line of Rus
sell street. 60 W of Hyde. W 20 by N. 60; $300.
Olusspp* B i ay mi to same, all name"; $300.
James and Peter C. Brown to Ada I. Mo-
Motian (wife of Mabry) lot on 6W corner of
Twenty-seventh" avenue and L street, W 240
by 8 100; also lot on W ltne of Twsnty-seventb
avenue. ISO 8, of L street,. 6 135 by W 120; $10.
J. J. and Julia M. Raver to J. W. McDonald,
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue. 100 S of
P street. 8 100 by E 120; $400.
Cellna A. Phllbln to H. Dlgby Johnston, lot
on NE corner of Mansell and Amberst streets.
E 96 by N 25. block 111. University. Mound. $65.
Richard J. and Mary Magee to Joseph Fmss
lor, - lot on NW line of Huron avenue 80 8W
of Mount Vernon avenue. 8W 63:4 by NW 115.
being a portion of lot 9, block 7, We»t End
Map 1: $10.
Ob account of the time neces
sary in the preparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTEB 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Ten.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec Schr Ivy, hence
D«c 2. ■
Sailed Dee 14— Schrs Abble and James A Oar
neld. for San Francisco; itmr Alliance, «mr
Homer. «Mr Alice Blanchard. stmr Empire,
stmr Arcata and itmr Rival, lor San Fran
cisco.
BOWE.VS LANDING— Dec 13— Schrs J
Epi.ln(f«r. Bender Bros and Corinthian, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNBEND-In straits Dec 14-3chr
Oceania Vance, from Honolulu, for Port Gam
ble: schr Okanogan. from Honolulu, for Port
Ludlow.
Sailed Dee 11-Br itmr Athoa, for Colon.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Dec 14-Bchr Oka
noßun. from Honolulu.
BANDON— Arrived Dec 14— Schr Volant*, hnc
Nov 2; all well.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 14— Btmr» Columbia
and Fulton, for San Francisco : Br shlpa Crown
of. England. Ix>yland Bros and Alctnour. and
Ger ship Adolf, for Queenstown.
SAN PEDRO-Salled Dec 14-B*rk Tidal
Wave, for Taeoma.
• SAN DIEGO— Dec 14— Nor itmr Thy
ra, for San Francisco; schr Mabel Gray, for
Eureka.
EUREKA— SaiIed Dec Stmr Samoa, for
San Francisco; stmr North Fork, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 14—Stmr Del Norte. hence De
cember IJ.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 14— ship Waterloo,
from Seattle. Dec IJ— Br stmr Glenogle, hence
Dec 8.
Balled Dec 18— Ship Occidental, for San Fran
cisco. Dec 14— Br itmr Energla, for Hon«konic.
CASPAR— Dec 14—Stmr Cleone. hence
Dec 13.
SOUTH BEND-Salled Deo 14-Schr Guide,
for San Francisco.-
EASTERN PORT.
NEW TORK-Arrlved Dec 13-Stmr Alllanca.
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Dec 14—Br itmr Em
press of India, from Hon«kon« and Yoko
hama.
FALMOUTH-Salled Deo 13— Br ship Puritan.
for Runcorn.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrlved Dec 13— Br ship
Pai*onar, f om Taoonut; Br ship Talus, hence
Auk I. ■
SYDNEY— Arrived Dae IS— stmr Mlowera,
from Vancouver.
NANAlMO— Arrived Dec 14— Bark C D Bry
ant, from Honolulu.
LIVERPOOL— FaiIed Dec 15— Br ship Elgin
shire, for Esquimau.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK-Salled Dec 14—Stmr La Oas
cotma. for Havre; stmr Wlllehad. for Bremen.
NAPLES— Arrived Dec 14— Stmrs Erne. from
New York, and proceeded to Genoa.
KOBE— Arrived Dec Stmr Arab, from
Nagasaki, for Portland. Or.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Deo 14—Stmr Ger
manic, from New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Deo 14-Stmr Colum
bia, from Hamburg and Southampton, for New
York. • ■
OCEAX TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
*» Steamers leave Broadway
iKlfcjs^ wharf. San Franclaco:
KwEffiV For Alaskan ports. 19 a. nv.
IVSHk r>ec. 17, 22. 27. Jan. 1, chanics
BLPM^HI to company's steamers at
liVmbW or Victoria. Vancouver.
i>^^laHH O«. C). Port Townsend. Be-
attle, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. Dec 17.
21 27 Jan 1. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. R'y.: at Tacoma to N. P.
R'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) 2 P. m.. Dec. 15,
20 26 30 Jan 4, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos Port Harford (San Luis Obl!«po). Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme San Pedro,
Eajit San Pedro 'Los Angeles) and Newport. »
am.. Dec 14. 18. 23. 2«. 30, Jan. I. and every
fourth day Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
For San Pteno. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo) Santa Barbara. Port
Lns Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m* Dec. 1«. 20. 24. 23. Jan. 1. and every fourth
d V^ h £ls£3«, Magdalena Bay. Bar, Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. LaPa*. Pant* Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
i m For h ' further Information obtain company's
fO T d hJ company reierves the right to chance
wUhout pilous notice steamers, .ailing dates
"IIOKKT orHOB -4 New Montgomery
•^OODALirPERKINS *CO Her , Agt.
10 Market st . flan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N, CO.
" DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 19 a. m.
CAOC ••* Flr«t Class Ineludlnr Bert*
rAnt $8 Second Clans and Meals.
State of Callfornla....Salls Dec. 4. 14. 24. Jan. 1
rniumbia Sails Dec. ». l». *<». Jan. •
C Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt..
Helena and to all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
' O!Wt WARD. General Agent.
«30 Market st.
OOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
trtW TORK. 80UTHAMPT0H. LOSDOR. PABIV
Ftopplns; at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Dec. 27 [Ft. Paul Jan. 17
New York Jan. 8 New York Jan. 24
St. Louis Jan. 10 St. Louis Jan. 31
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 11 noon.
Pouthwark Dec WlNoordland Jan. 10
W«.ternland ...Dec 27 Aragonla Jan. 17
Kensington Jan. 3 Frlesland Jan. 24
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Htogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
AMERICA. MARU Thursday. Dec Jl
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. 18
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. 9
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
fw ™ s|*jfjj Wednesday, Dec.
sWMjitt**Sll! vl * Honolulu and
■ Lv'E^ammw^l Aucklsnd for Sydney
■ ___ Wednesday, Dec. 77.
JV/TTN at Ip. m.
StMnKhinJ Th " •• 8. Australia
mSfCm CyiMlllJlllU 6 ' ,alls for Honolulu
I^^^ {6dlfi?lßtt- Wednesday, Jan. 10.
1900. at S p. m.
Favorite Llns Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand Australia, India, Sues,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agti.. 114 Montgomin
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Frtlaht Office. 827 Market St
COKPAOMIE OEKEHALE TBAHBATLAKTIQOf
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, >^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <£jTl?»
Saturday, from November 2. ISM. at •3*»P*3»
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. Nov. II; LA
GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
30: LA BRET AON E. Dec. 7. First-class to
Havre. 360 and upward; S per cent reduction on
round trip. Second-class to Havre, MS: 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO* Pacific Coast
Agents. 8 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERa
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD.
Steamer "Montlcelle."
MON. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:41
a m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. . Telephone Mala IMS.
FARE. • 500
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave' San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days— a. m. and IMS p. ra.
Sunday*. 8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains.
Fare.. Francisco to Summit and Return
$1 Hi.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A IST jm 025KEABNTKT. Established
-Tlf'^Bßßl ln ISS4 for the treatment of Prtvat*
Diseases. Lout Maiitio, L Debility or
■^^^X disease rearing on body and mind and
v^Hbbbbbbbbl^^ 1 1 Ihedociorcurenwhrn
p^ssT .Wssssssssl others fall. Try him. Charges low
<'Dr»Eii>r«nirrd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. *'. IDBON. Box 1037. San Franclaca
, Weekly Call,sl. oo per Year
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■•VTUBBN r««:iKH,-COHPAHT.
(PACiria ststcm.)
Tr»lna ■•*«•• na«l itr« iluo to arrlT* ■•
NAN HItMISIO
(Mala Liu*. Foot of Market SUeet)
LXAva — FROM HoTVMBXa 13, 1899. — ABBOT
f?ri>«A Tlialiila. Button aad Sacramento.... *7rMr
Elvira, VacaTflla end BomaeT. . . . *7i43r
•7iOOa EhMta Etpreu-DarU Widows,
Red Blul Portland Tia?
•7 •••* Marti dci. Ban Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
CalUtOfaaodßAnU Itnaa »oil3p
•lilOi The OrerUnd Limlted-Otden. Das)-
vej; Omaha, Chicago *3ill»
••iIOa San Jose, Uiennore, Btoekton,
looe, Bacramento, Flaeenllle,
Marysvtlle, Chleo. lied Dlulf Hil3p
••:••» 'Milton, and *0ncr*....... HilSr
•ii:oo» Ilaywards. Nilcs and Way bUUons. •! 1:43*
• U:OUa Atlantic Etpress— and East *oi43a
•Vioua Martinez, Tracy. Lat&rop, Btoekton,
Mtroed and Fresno M3il3p
••■«<•* Port Costa, Fresno. Mojaf c and Loa
.. Anietra. ••»««»
• 1 0:00 a Vail-jo. Mantnea and Way Buttons *f):43r
•1 1 :OOa Harwarila. Nlloa %o<l Way Stations. »ti!3p
• 13i00m Nil a, Uiermore, Stockton. Haera-
mento, MenduU, Hanford, Vlaalia,
PcrterrtUe ..; ««iia»
e|iOop BaeramentolllicrBteameTS t«t««r
•3:OOi- Haywardi. Nil* and Way Buttons. *ai43r
•4iuu Mutloec, Hail lUmou, Valle)o.
Napa. (.'aiutofa. BauU Itoaa •oil9a
•4iO»r Benlela, Vacaillle, Baeramento,
Woodland. Kutghta I-»n<llaf.
MarisilUe, Oroilll* •I*t4Ba
•4iBOr NUea. Han Joeeand Btnefctoo *7il»r
•3:oopTbe Owl Llmlted-Tner. rreano.
Bakenßeld. Baufns for Banta Bai»
bara, Loa An<rlea »»:i3a
: •SiSOp Btoekton. MereeJ. Frrsno M2il3r
•3i3op ITimiiii. MakersßeM. NajiU lUrhara.
Los Angalea. l»»minc El Paao,
New Orleans and Eait •3i«3*
■SiSQp BauU f» Itoiitt— Atlantic Expian
for M<'jat e an.l Kant 'Oil.lp
•CiOOp Tlarwarda, Nllesar.'l.San Joae »7. a
40iJI«pVafl«Ji» Mail. lf
•«i»»r Oriental Mall-Ogdm and K«et •St.ifr
)7iOOr Vall«R Port CotU and Way Bu-
tton* JliUf
•■■•Or Oregon and California Kir'*aa.Hae>
raaiento. M»rn»III«. I;. 'Ming. -
rortUiul. rn«f t ■■... ,1 ami |.a»t *gi!34
COAST DIVISION (Narron «ia»i;»J.
(Fool cf Market Street.) .
*Si 10a KewaTk.Ceutcnlllf.tjan Joae, Velton, ™
Bouldar Creek. Santa Crux and Way
BUUons *3i»w*
I »il3p Newark. Ccntenlllet Ban Jeae, Now
Almaden. Fdton. lloulder Crtek.
Santa Cms and Principal Way
BUUooa f l*>B«*
•4it3r Newark. Ban Jose. Lea Gatoa. *•■«•&
Ill:l3r Hunters' Excwsirn, tUu Jus« aod
Wayßtatloca ITi—#
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frMlitl la4»olst&— r«»t tf atrkil lUm«(XU>|)— •• "
•7:15 9.00 11:004.11. ti oo *3co not
*I:C3 18:00 •B-30i-.ii.
frtaiOtlUlß— rMl*rir«i4wif— *««o 840 10 Ml.*.
<tU SO *I:C3 »:C3 TCP MOO '3 OQr
COAST DiriSlOa (OroadGaage).
(ThlrJ and Town^emi St*.)
J f«ilOA.Oceau View. South San Pranciwo.. 1»i»«P
•»:•«* Ban Joae ami Way Sutl.ua (New
Almaden Weduetdaisouly) *liSw»
•wiwwa Baa Jose, Tro I'lnoa. K-i.ta i'rua.
PaclUo Groie. I'aso ItoUea, Baa
I.nlt Ol.lipo, Bnrf, Loapoo au-1
Pill, cl|al War Rtntlona *lilwt
•Iwi4*a Ran Jotaand Way Builona 'OiMa.
ail is* * Bao Jnae ami Way Htatlnns *3<3oy
t«i4Sr Ban M«t-<», ltedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, BanU Clara, Ban Juaa,
Tr«a Pines, Santa <>-■«. Sallaa*.
Montcrayand Padlle Grove floiM4
f lll* r Ban Joes an Way Btatloiia *7i3op
f ItlSp San Joaeand Principal Way Buttons 13*
43t«Op Ban Joae aod Principal Way Butlona »0:0oa
•3i3Or San Joee aoil Principal Way Station* **>Ui
•6iXS)p Ban Jose and Wayßtatlooa t«:ww*
1^1:43 r San Joeeand Way SUtlooa *7»30r
A for Morning for Afternoon.
* Daily. t Buaday exempted. t Sunday only.,
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LESSEE
SAI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot «f Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFACfc.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. >M, 11 00 a. m . U Is.
3 JO. 5:10. IN s. m. Tharsdays— Extra trt*
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at l.a*
and 11 .an p. m.
SUNDAYS— I:«O. » 3s, U:« a. a.: ID. 130.
i.OO. « JO p. m.
SAN KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— O:IO. 7 60. » 30, 11 10 a. m ; 13:« a,
3:40. 610 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tripa at
1:55 and 1:38 p. O>.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. ».40, 11:10 a. m. : IN. 3:40. ».-«&>
1:25 o. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsem Park
same srhedula as above.
Leave I Arrlre
San Franclaco. In Effect Ban Fraadaoo.
October IS. <
Week Sun- ISM Sun- Weak
Days. days. Destination days. Daya.
7:30 am 3:00 am Norato, 10:40 am 8:40 aa
3:30 pm 910 am Petaluma. 408 pm 10M aa
6 10 pm too pm Santa Roaa, 7:35 pm 133 pa
Fulton.
7 JO am Windsor. 10 Jl aa
Healdsburff.
Lytton.
Os j smi i Ha.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cluverdaie. 7:38 pm (21 pa
7:30 am Hopland and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:38 pm in pa
7:30 am !0.3» aa
3:00 am Ouernerllle, 7:35 pa
1:30 pm 4 n pm
7.30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4* aa
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. 406 pm •21 pa
7.30 am 8:00 am Sebastopot. 10:40 am 10 14 aa
8:30 pm 6:00 pm 7:35 im < 21 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«at
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Sxrlnga: at Oeyservllfe for Skagge.
Springs; at Cicverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land fur Duncan Springs. Hlfhland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. B<xla Bay. Laka-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah fur Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lake*. Laurai
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. I'ppt Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Rlvemld-. Llerlcy's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvtlle, Orr*S
Hot Springs, lfendoctno Ctty, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cuny
minus. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Scctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
j beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. J5O Market st . Chronicle bids.
B. C. WHITINO, R. X. RTAN.
Oeneral Manager. Oen. Pass. AgesL
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S^nta Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road, with tb« highest class accommodaUooa.
Connecting train leaves (San Franc ai
1:00 p. m.
■OVDAT. WIDKKODAT. FRIDAY. tATUBDAT.
Arriving In Chicago at t-lf p. m.
fBIDAY BOSDAT. TUUOAT. WIOSBBOAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palaos aad
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mole
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and the Bart
6:10 p. in. _
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Freano. Hanford. TT— ||sj
Tulare and Bakersfleld. furnisbas good local
train scnrloa.
San Franc Isoo offlot. OS MartMt St.. tifh—
Main IML
Oakland offlca. till Broadway.
Sacramento offlc*. Ml J «tre«t.
Ban Jos* offio*. 7 Watt Santa Clara itia*4
IORfH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
BVl* '■■■lilTl Parry.
Commencing October 1. ISO.
TROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VaLLBT
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— I:OO. •»:*). 11:00 a. m.; «l:4ft.
•1:40. J:l5. 100. 110 p. m
EXTRA TRIP*- For Mill Valley and San JW-
fa«l, on Monday*. Wcdnrtday* and Saturday*
at » CO and 11:53 p. m
BUNDAYB-^:». 19:00. »11 :M a. m. «1:M,
1:15. **'*&. 1:10. 1:00 p. m
Trains marked (•) run t« Baa Qventln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAT&-*:!3. HM. 7 45. * * a. M.i
•1J:IO, IU, »|.4fl, •6:15 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at 4 40 and 19:15 p. m ■
BUNDATS-4:M. *4:00. 10.00, 11:45 a. eu.:
•1:40. •1:15. 4:41 *0.30 p. m *
Trains marked <*> start from San Qaentla.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK r>ATR— 6 a. 1:45. 7:86. ».4i a. m ..
13: U. 18. I 45, I JO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays an 4
Saturdays at TOO and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— I:OS. 10:06 a. m. . 11 «. 1:1 a. »M,
1:00. 4 41 p. m v '•"" -
THROUOH TRAINS. T
f:00a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations,
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tommies and fay statlona.
t:OQ a. to. Bud4*J»— tH war llXitMi
1314
TRIO OF BRUTAL
WIFE-BEATERS IN
POLICE COURTS
Pitiful Tale of Annie
Harkins.
THE WORST ON RECORD
rOKCED TO SUPPORT HER HUS-
BAND SINCE MARRIED.
John Francis Healey Nearly Killed
:e and Milo C. Damon
Made Three Unsuccessful
Attempts.
A pitiful taJe ws* related by Mrs. Annie
Ilarkins In Judge TT»-adwe!]'s court yes
trrday of her treatment at the hands of
torr hu»t>and. Thoma* Harkins. and it
caused the Judge to remark that It was
the most atrocious rase that had com©
under nls observation. Harkins was
charged vlth threatening to kill her.
She '.<■ a qulet-looklng little woman,
l>*rely rut of her teens, although she has
b<»en married five years. She testified
that the day after her marriage her hus
band compelled her to go to work In a
box factory, and she had been working
there ever since supporting him and her
■elf. AU the money she had go: from
h!m during these years was about S3. He
began to &biike her and she had him or
;■ -:.*j, but he was co i>enitent that he
»n* not punished, Then he began to
:r- ..-•■ her atain, and kuma months a£o
h •■ left htm and went to !lve at 207 doo
••. : street. She eaxne<l from 35 cents to
SI 10 per day. and out that che had kept
:.• :*'.:'. ar.d t*aved money to buy a silk
Or- -h. a ;.h K. ; and othrr articles. It took
her four months to save enough to buy
th«* Jacket.
I*at>t Friday Harkins went to her room
and demanded money from her. She .e
1 .-■•'.. and he cut Into pieces her silk
<lr«i.ii. her Jacket, three capes and every
thing he could get hold of that belonged
to her and finished up by cutting the t»-a
clothe* that belonged to the landlaoy.
Then he threatened to cut her heart out.
Harklns was put on the stand and de
rled his wlfe'B charge*. He tried to
b'.arkrn her character, but was promptly
stopped by the Judjze. uho said that the
young wife's appearance was sufficient to
refute «uch a charge. He admitted that
during the past three months phe had
given him "dough to buy cigarettes."
The Judge did not mince ni.< words in
denouncing Hnrklr.s and urdeml him tit'«
custody on $50*» bonds. The cnt»e was
fontlnued until to-day, and meantime th«
testimony will W written up and the wit
roses were a>krtl to iitiiMi iv cuurt 10
sin it.
John Francis Healey, 141 Fourth ttrett.
was yesterday h«-ld to answer before the
Superior court by Judge Graham on a
« barge of assault with a deadly weapon
In CJOO bonds. November TS he went
liome under the Influence of liquor and
tried to breaJc all the crockery In the
kitchen on hi* wife's head. She was
taken to the City and County Hospital,
and for a f<-w days her life was despaired
of.
■
■
-
■
IT WAS SUICIDE.
The Man Found Drowned Tied the
•-t to His Body and
Jumped Into the Water.
Th* piece of iron casting found tied
around the body of the unknown man
found drowned near the Folsom-strcet
flip last Wednesday morning wat identi
fied yesterday a.« belonging to the plle
driving outfit of the State Harbor Com
missioners, which had been in use near
the Blip at about the supposed time that
the man Jumped overboard with the
•weight. The fnct that the man's right
arm was free and had not been tied
points to th<« theory of suicide, for It was
«tn easy matter for the deceased to have
fastened the weight to hlmstlf In the way
It was when th« body was found. The
clothing worn by the deceased consisted
of :t Ma' k diagonal sack coat, vest and
pants, black cotton shirt with white
stripe, tan lace shoes, white Canton flan
jiel drawers and whit* merino undershirt.
Deputy Coroner Gately. a water-front
man himself, gave his opinion yesterdny
that the weight must have been fastened
by the deceased. The rop« used was an
ordinary clothes line.
In the Divorce Court.
Albert Gus««elmann has been granted a
tflvorr»« from Emma Gusselmann on the
ground of Infidelity. Decrees of divorce
have also bff-n snuited Mamie I. Thomp
son from Harry E. Thompson on the
ground of failure to provide; Sarah A.
Cureton from Alfred S. Cureton. on the.
sround of habitual Intrmperance; Harriet
G. Kennedy from Jamrs p. Kennedy for
<les»»rtl'in. and (irare Clark from Elmer
Clark on tli»» pmund r.f desertion. Suits
for divorce have b«^n fll#»d by Giovanni
OasMnelll npalnst Rellla Ca-tslnelll for de
sertion and William J. R. Boyes against
Adllan I-. Boycs for test nl<>n
Dr. Parker"* Couch Cure. One * m> will «top
• ccusb Kmr ra..». Try It. All drunlaU. '
THAT /?-^r\ THAT p\
w^i 1M( PIC 1 URcD ??^ <ifr w cS^''\i&w REEFER '^i^sr
**w^ j f\ W\ W\ f\ O|T^ C . "^ I Si'-r* *^i\jjj}Jlf JkT^A*
\ .^Ok^ I § \-* V-^ \ w I V ~°" JL * , igx&jy /~+ /~v -tk f a** V
A^^^wijv \J 1 I \_J \J 1 1 ■' m \ " s^T\. \£" \^b. t_, I I/\ -A • A
3 To fit chaps between 3 and 7 !; To fit chaps between the ages of li^S-^ ulTft iff I
wL' ' ''''■' \ w^WßmrA BfflP ■9m \ i' \ Ahoveve skew our prettiest of Top CoaU*
V^^^ if ft* Hwi'^iil fpllmk m \l?s a Christmas Gift From \ RRb SmU \ I M ■♦• We'll Do the Santa Claus\ » n '<*'» covert, \cith velvet rollar. Tktrm'*
fei//^»i ..uJl I a uTfTrou m \ rf n \ \ * We ' a Do the Santa CLaus
I fqrx ' 1 f\ i T\lf i T^Y • /*+, lk-2 ZT- L J \ * Thii, for chart between the \ < UK
Cli% RAPHAELS Wiwll RAPHAELS D'APHAFI\
" w-'^'^ l^^™^^^^^^^;^^^ ,' -" ""^^^^Wl INCORPORATED. IV^ 1 UHLLrf
''' : ~^'^\/jgsff^' The 'Frisco Boys, :=:==:: ~" The 'Frisco Boys incorporated.
'" '-...■^j^ir'-- p TT_ n «^^ pi ptt '~ c i ~~^ ==== — = z=z/St!l&^r^' Ins rrlsco dovs.
| ■ ■" - • - Cor. Kearny St. & Union-Square At. "^W^S^ x Cor. Kearny St. & Union-Square At. Cor. Kearny St. & Union-Square At.
STANDING ROOM ONLY AT THE PLAYERS' BENEFIT
IT Isn't every day that a player—
not oven as eminent a tragedian as
Frederick Warde. or ae> sweet a
singer as Cainllle d'Arville— has the
opportunity of facing a $2500 audience.
It Is a supreme theatrical experience
to be met with only In the rosiest <^f
box-office dreams. Such a dream
came true yesterday afternoon at the
Orphcum. and actors by the ' dozen,
as they strutted to the plaudits of the
multitude, could not have been
Mat had they pinched themselves
to make sure they were not walking
in their slerp.
San Francisco was showing Itself In
response to the appeal of the Asso
ciated Theatrical Managers for help
In raising a fund to be used tn tiding
over to better times such player folk
as may be overtaken by sickness or
adverse circumstances. Outside the
steady rain of the morning had be
come a torrential downpour. It was
weather to make a manager thinK un
utterable woe. The best that any
single theater In the city could have
offered would not have drawn a cor
poral's guard under such a cloudburst.
Yet. Inside and on the way. were poo
pie who had —cored more than $200U
MAN WITH THE HOE AT
THE LOAN EXHIBITION
MILLET'S FAMOUS PICTUBE
SHOWN AT INSTITUTE.
Many Celebrated and Costly Paint
ings in a Wonderful Collection
All Owned by Local Art
Lovers.
The rain helped keep many a'.vay from
the opening of the Loan Exhibition at the
Art Institute last evening. Those who
failed to attend have much cause for re
gret, for the paintings on exhibition rep
resent some of the. world's masterpieces
and many specimens from the brushes of
i famous artists.
In this wonderful collection, all the prop
erty of local art connoisseurs and art
lovers, are paintings from such celebrated
artists as Millet. Sir John Mlllais. Meyer
yon Bremen. Bouguereau. David Col,
Roybet. Vedder. Beaugnlet. Grosjean.
Jacques and Kowalsky.
The most admlrea and probably the
most famous of all the paintings on ex
hibition is Millet's "Man With the Hoe."
the property of Mrs. William Crocker. An
idea of how much the owner values the
painting may be Rained by the fact that
, an insurance of Jlitf/*") is placed upon it.
The Institute has taken especial pains to
present the picture in the best light. It
has been placed against a deep crimßOn
background, and altogether the lights
have been co managed a? to bring out the
best points In the famous drawing. The
picture has been ing so that It will
show with equal advantage both at day
and night.
Mr*. Emille Donohoe shows two splen
did paintings that attracted marked at
tention. Yon Bremen's "Peasant Girl
Heading*" and Bouguereau's "Peasant
Child With Porringer." The Bouguereau
"Peasant Child" and Mlllais' "Duck
lings." owned by Irving Scott, are two
magnificent studies of child life from two
very different standpoints.
A dainty landscape that was the obicet
of much praise and critical observation
was Grosjean's "Bagatelle Pond." the
property of Dr. Louis Bazet. This deli
cate bit of coloring shows famous sport
In the Bolt de Boulogne, close to tin Bag
ate: Castle of Comte d'Artols.
The exhibition will continue throughout
the month.
More New Lawyers.
For the pnst two days the Commission
er? of the Supreme Court have been ex
amining forty-feven applicants who de-
Mre admission to practice law. Of this
number only twenty-seven came up to the
required standard. Following are th«
names of the successful applicants:
Aaron H. Brown. Percy William McKln
lay. Harry Donnelley, James D. Mere
dith. Peter V Ross. Robert Richards.
Maurice Hlrscb. Albert S. Johnson. W. H.
Gorrill. John F. Quln. Robert Ersklne
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15. 1899.
worth of seats, and others were com
ing, dripping, to buy standing room.
Tht reason was two-fold. First and
foremost. Ban Francisco, glad of Us
rtrpt >ppon unity to testify Its appre
ciation (if the efforts of managers and
players on the occasion of the great
volunteer benefit, had come In person,
unmindful of the storm, to voice it.
Secondly, the cream of the bills of all
the theaters was offered for their en
tertainment.
The managers of the nine theaters
of the eKy, who form the association,
were ail smiles as they stood in .ht
front of the house to receive the !n
r.g crowd. They could readily be
distinguished by -their good looks ar.d
by natty budges pinned under bOUton
nleres on their lapels. Under their
instructions a number of young
women j-o;<j programmes and kept lh»
change iin they had piled up $200 for
the fund. In this corps of active and
persuasive femininity were Nellie
Schiller. Georgia Cooper. Elsie Dare,
Rota Winfleld. Baby Ruth and Hazel
I-yc-ns.
A few minutes after 1 o'clock, with
the house packed, the curtain went up
on a programme of so many gooJ
Ross, Harry D. Panforth. Paul Armand
vlndlione, Joseph Matthew llickcy. Solo
mon P. Ellas, win a Dower. Arthur J.
I'annenbaum. William «' I'.irk.T. T.
I lln Allen. «;• ■:>■■ T. Shaw Jr . Adam
Smith. H - i! M. Wright. John
Ralph Wilson, Joseph X n and
D H. \S ;ire Jr. '
Artists' Outfits.
Pyrography. oil color and water color
outfits put up in nice boxes for Christmas
Banborn, Vail & Co.. 74". Market
street. •
OSGOOD PLEADS GUILTY.
The Man With Two Wives Will Go to
State Prison.
Qeorga L. Oagood, under Indictment for
bigamy for having wedded Tlllle Alice
Glover ar..l Nellie Klnsella at about the
same time, pleaded guilty to the charge
against him yesfrduy and will be sen
tenced r>n Saturday. The original Infor
ilnst Osgood were recently dis
missed by Judge I.awlor on review, the
law n<>t having been adhered to In th«Mr
preparation, but the court Instructed the.
Grand Jury to find an indictment. The
result wa* that Osgood. with both wives
willing to testify against him. quit his
l'K tit for liberty and pleaded guilty to the
charge against him.
VAMOS A
MEXICO
To the Ancient City and
Back for Half Fare.
The Southern Pacific has lust announces!
the sale of excursion tickets from this city
to the City of Ifeodoo and return for $86.
which is a trifle less than the regular
thirty-day rate fcr one way only.
This oilers a grati'i opportunity for a
visit to the ancient and storied city, and
thiu is the very best time of the year to
make such a trip. Tickets will be on pai»-
Sunday and Monday next only. Rood for
forty daya to return, making liberal provi
sions for Ktopovars ar.<! ride trips. Inquire
at 613 Mark, t for full particulars.
Suicide Identified.
The body of the man who cut his throat
at tho Hork. ley House. 1^ Mason street, on
last Tuesday night. w;ts identified at th«>
Morgu.- by William Dooly of 319 Bu?h
■treat U that of F. C. Jones, rect-ntly a
real estate agent at Stockton.
I> .tT)'-sti<* trouble Is thought to have led
decea -■ tiiini: suicide.
Hitchcock School.
The formal opening of the Hitchcock
School, San Rafael, presided over by Row
• ' Hitchcock, will take place Monday. De
cember ll*.l I *. There will be appropriate
and a reception. •
things that, before It was rung down
a few minutes after n o'clock, it almost
surfeited with Us richness. The first
act of "Mother Earth." with the en
tire AK-azar company, was the cur
tain-raj s. r Everybody admits that
this first act !f a poem, and never was
it better played, even In its own home.
After the actors had respi>ndo,i to s
curtain call. Hamilton Hill, the Aus
tralian barytone, one of the stars of
the Orpheums regular bill, wrs com
pelled to respond to three encores and,
strange sight, was reworded, as few
male actors are. with flowers.
What disappointment the audience
may have felt by reason of the non
uppearance of Miss Uchter of the Tiv
oll by reason of illness was removed
when Major Mite came on. breezy
from the Chutes, made up a la Cor
nllle. His imitation of the actions and
intonations of the Parisian chanteuse
wns richer than the real thing, which
appeared later. He sang "Dat Nig
ger." a financial song, that the audi
ence will never forget, and "Trowed
Him Down" in an accent so unctuous
that the house went with the
much-abused Ethiopian. Major Mite
was rewarded with a bouquet half as
UNHAPPY MOTHER
ENDED HER LIFE
BY HER OWN ACT
Ollie Williar Turned
On the Gas.
BROKE HER WORD TO HARRY
SHE HAD PROMISED HER YOUNG
SON NOT TO DO IT.
Mrs. Ollle B. Wltllar three years ago
left her husband, and her sad story was
ended yesterday when her dead body was
laid on a slab in the Morgue.
Slrkne«s and poverty had fallen to her
Jot and weary of her struggle she chose
j the fate of the suicide. She was found
yesterday morning unconscious in her
room in the Ashworth House at 320 Mason
street. Employes of the place noticed the
strung odor of Illuminating gas Issuing
from her room. They broke the transom
and passed the bellboy through, so that
he could unlock the door, the key being
on the Inside. The gas turned off and an
entrance having been effected, the unfor
tunate woman was found just as she had
retired on the preceding evening. It was
thought at first that she was dead, but a
faint fluttering at the heart and a barely
perceptible heaving of her bosom were
evidences that she wu still living and
lice wen notified by telephone. The
unconscious woman was hurried In an
ambulance to the City Receiving Hos
pital and was placed upon the operating
table for the purpose of administration of
restoratives, but before the surgeons had
time to roll up their sleeves she expired.
Shr left a note jn pencil on her table,
-ed to her ll'-year-old son Harry.
rnsdlnj as follows:
Harry. <Var love, forgive me for breaking
my word. Your MAMMA.
Uor son has boen attending school at
Hoitt's Academy In San M;ttfo <"ounty.
Last Monday she told him that she was
tired of living and intended to kill herself.
H. begged and pleaded with her not to do
ho, and the reu-nt»-,i and promised that
she would not commit suicide.
Thnt is the explanation of the note,
made yesterday by the boy's father. H. R.
VYllliar, agent for an Eastern paper con
cern, with office at -14 Pine street. The
boy Harry and a daughter, Ktelka, H
i years old, residing with a family at 1849
large as himself, responding to two
encores with "Hello, Ma Baby" and
cakewalk variations simply delicious.
H> was one of the big hits of the aft
ernoon
Frederick Warde and Mrs. Clarence
If. Krune from the Columbia in the
balcony scene from "Romeo and Ju
li-t"; T. Daniel Prawley, Harrington
Reynolds. Harry S. Duffield and
Gladys teller of the California in
"The Littlest Girl." and the fair scene
from "Chimes of Normandy" by the
company from the Grand Opera-house,
were beautiful features of a long aft
ernoon's entertainment that scintil
lated with the good things of George
Fuller Golden, the silvery songs of
Camille d'Arville of the Orpheum
company, and with the witticisms of
Ferris Hartman of the Tlvoll, the
whirlings of the Mohring brothers of
the Olympia, the cyclonic revolutions
of Bonomour^'s Arabs. The Eccentric
Comedy Trio and the Tennis Trio of the
Orpheum also did loudly applauded
turns.
It had been Intended that Manager
Meyerfeldt of the Orpheum circuit,
who is president of the Theatric li
Managers' Association, should make
an address to the audience. At the last
Jackson street, axe the only children of
the dead woman.
From time to time Mr. Wllllar had been
Bending small sums of money to the
woman who bore his name, but she com
plained in letters found In her room that
these remittances wen much too small.
In a letter written to her son last Septem
ber, while she was on a visit to Los An
geles, she wrote:
What little I get from your father won't
pay my board for the little time I have *I
ready been here, and all through October I
won't have a cent, so it makes It pretty bad
for me.
Mr. Willlar said yesterday that he and
hl3 wife had been divorced and separated
for the past three years. He has taken
charge of the funeral arrangements.
Copies of The Call's great
Christmas Edition, wrapped
and ready for mailing, can
be obtained at all news deal
ers', or at Tlie Call business
office. Please place your or
der at once, as tlie supply
zvill be limited.
RECEPTION TO M. BENAHD.
Eminent French Architect Greeted
by His Countrymen in This
City.
Monsieur E. Benard, the eminent Paris
architect, who captured first prize at the
International competition for plans for
the new University of California, was ten
dered a reception last evening by the
French colony of San Francisco in the as
sembly hall of the Red Men's bulldlngf 3.'0
: street, and his countrymen turned
out In large numbers to greet him and
congratulate him on the success and hon
ors his abilities have earned for him. In
the center qf the hall, which was decorat
ed with the French national colors, were
two large tables, and on each was a mon
ster punch bowl, from which a champagne
t>unch was freely served during the even-
Ing.
President Legallet of the Fourteenth of
July committee welcomed the guest of the
evening In a brief speech, and he was fol
lowd by A. de Trobriand. Consul General
!"<>r France in this City; A. Goustlaux, S.
Brun and K. R.l^s. m. Benard r- sponded
gracefully, expressing his appreciation
anil thanks for th>- kindness shown him
by the French residents of this city, and
especially for the reception in his honor.
A stritiK orchestra rendered excellent mu
sic during tho evening, and the affair
was pronounced a success— a fact that
was due to the effort? of the Fourteenth of
July ci mmit;«.\ the officers of which are
as follows: A. Legallet, president; S.
Brun and J. Puj>as. vice presidents: J. S.
Qodean, treasurer, A. Richert, secretary.
moment Ice was discovered In his pat
ent leathers and Melville Marx of the
Columbia went on the stage betwf-n
two acts to make his excuses and In
troduce Frederick Warde. who was
down to explain the uses of the bene
fit fund.
The tragedian spoke feelingly of the
erduousness of the players' life and of
the hardness of the lines he some
times fell upon, good as he might be,
through the inconstancy of a public.
"Tne idol of to-day." he saiU, "may
be shattered to-morrow."
The fund, he continued, was to be
used for the benefit of such luckless
players as might through sickness or
other misfortune find themselves in
need. For that reason, he went on, he
waa glad to see such a generous re
sponse, although he had expected
nothing less.
"I say to you." he proceeded, "that
I speak sincerely when I say that in
no city of the civilized world are
actors received with more cordiality,
and. if they merit it. with more en
couragement and reward than In this
city of San Francisco. And you must
he glad to think that the laughter and
applause you have given this afternoon
may re-echo as music in the ears of
some poor actor benefited by your
presence here."
THE NOTED TRAIN
STARTS TO-DAY
Initial Trip of the Splen
did Sunset Limited.
The famous Sunset Limited will start on
its initial trip at 5 p. m. to-day and con
tinue Tuesdays and Fridays until about
April 1.
Luxury and comfort, swiftness and
safety of passage, attractive and varied
scenery', select patronage and prompt con
nections are a few of the inducements of
fered the traveler by this magnificent
train. The arrangement of the time sched
ule permits of daylight, trips through the
beautiful orange groves of Southern Cali
fornia and the picturesque plantations and
moss-draped forests of the South
Connections are made at El Paso with
the Mexican Central and the through cars
of the Texas and Pacific for Bt. Louis
which will put California passengers in
the latter city some ten or twelve hours
ahead of all rivals. Equally advantageous
connections are made at New Orleans
with all limited trains for Washington
York. Chicago. St. Louis and Cincin
nati and other cities, making the Sunset
Limited again the quickest as well as the
VMightful route between California
and the East.
WILL OF CONSUL GREATHOUSE
Bequeaths His Entire Estate to His
Aged Mother.
The will of the late Clarence Ridgley
Greathouse, at one time United States
Consul at Seoul. Korea, and recent ad
visor of the Emperor of Korea, was filed
for probate yesterday. Mary E. ireat
house. decedent's mother, who offers the
will for probate, states that the deceased
was 5.1 years of age at the time of his
death, that he left an estate In this city
consisting of personal property exceeding
■ in value and that the will has been
duly proved before Horace N. Allen
United States Consul General at Seoul'
empire of Korea.
Decedent bequeaths his entire estate to
his mother, who Is appointed executrix
The will bears date of October 1
and is witnessed by Edward H. liaidock
and Elizabeth I'nwln.
Order of Pendo.
Thrre were many of the friends of
Golden Gate Council of the Order of
Pendo In the Social Hall of the Forest
ers' building last night to enjoy a musical
and literary programme presented rir
their entertainment by the soda] commit
tee of that body. The programme was
followed by dancing.
FISTS FLY OUT
IN A SUITER
STREET CAR
C. Walter Would Not
Be Jolted.
SAYS HIS PATIENCE "WENT"
ELBOW JABS IN THE BACK NOT
TO HIS LIKING.
Early Morning Episode Which Pro
voked the Extreme Wrath of the
Well-Known Carpet
Man.
Clarence R. "Walter of the carpet firm
of D. N. & E. Walter has for many years
been an ardent follower ct the flstle
sport, as far as a religious attendance at
prize-flghts Is concerned. Peering from
the boxes around the ring he lmblbe<] a
pugilistic wisdom that was theoretically
startling. Yesterday morning he worked
off some of this theory In a practical *ray.
and now Mr. Walter has the proud di«-
Unction of bearing a title that rovers tha
territory confined to a Sutter-strcet car.
It was 8 o'clock in the morning when
Mr. Walter boarded a Butter-street car
moving eastward. Owing to the rain a
crowd of passengers packed platform and
aisles, but Mr. Walter finally secured
breathing and standing room along with
a strap supporter.. Every stop brought a
Jar, and every Jar brought the elbow of
another pastenger full in the small of Mr.
Walter's Lack. After several blocks had
been traveled Walter came to the con
clusion that this persistent Jabbing had
become a habit and should for this reason
be overlooked. While in this frame of
mind there came another elbow Jab. more
acute and forcible than its predecessors,
and Mr. Walter's patience was lost.
Slowly and surely he felt his stock of
temper vanishing. Something was said
and the stranger replied with a retort
that unloosened the fists of Mr. Walter
from the strap and they founu lodgment
on the stranger's person. By this time the
passengers began to take a hand In the
hostilities. The contestants were sep
arated and moved to opposite ends of the
aisle to protect the safety of riders and
keep the peace.
Mr. Waiter wan most anxious to ex
change cards with the stranger, but his
friends interceded. His version of the
story Is as follows:
"This man kept poking me In the back
until my patience was exhausted. I was
about to expostulate with him when he
turned around with a La Blanche swing
that Jarred. There was nothing left for
me to do but retaliate, and this I did. If
this man is looking for satisfaction let
him show himself. I tried to avoid all
unnecessary trouble, but this man de
liberately went out of his way to pro
voke a blow."
On account of the time neces
sary in the p" eparation of the
Christmas edition of THE
CALL, to be issued Sunday,
December 17, NO ADVERTISE
MENTS for that issue will be
received AFTER 9:30 P. M.
SATURDAY.
LOCAL COMPOSERS.
Gold Medal Awarded to A. F. Lejeal
of Thi« City.
The Musicians' Club gave a con<--
Sherman A Clay Hal: last evening which
was of great Importance to the musical
cult of San Francisco. Inasmuch as Its
programme consisted, with the exception
of one number, of local compositions.
The purpose of the concert was to brlnu
out two string quartets which were writ
ten for a competition inaugurated by the
Musicians' Club something over a year
ago. They were sent for examination to
Arthur Foote of Boston, the eminent com
potter, who awarded the first prize— a gold
medal— to Alois F. Lejeal of this cit> and
the second prixe— a silver medal— to
Charles E. Pemherton of Los Angeles.
The quartets were played In a maste-ly
manner by the Minettl Quartet. Mr. Le-
Jeal's composition created somewhat of a
sensation among the musicians present
and must be r f an.
Its character is of the buoyant class and
Its rhythmic quality gives it quite a cheer
ful tone. It consists of four movements,
each of which Is wor'hy of praise.
Another very Able composition was a
romanza for piano and violin by Otullo
Mlnettl. executed by Mother Wlamer an. l
Fred ItaUTCT Jr. It Is an emotlona.
and quite apropos to Its title. The criti
cal audience present was so well pleased
with this work that an encore was de
manded. Among the songs were three lit
tle gems by \V. A. Snbln \V. J. V
and Oscar WetL Th^e three com
could rot have chosen a better Interpretsr
for their works than Mrs. C. O. Richards,
whose refinement of taste enables her to
grasp brilliant Idea* quickly. Homer Hen
i ng a solo by Tl xl entitled
"Allah la I.lKht In
also a composition of much merit. It
embodies the oriental character of music
and Is made very unique by a wall, which
is characteristic of the Arabian chant.
There were two songs by Ad Loeher.
sung by Alfred Kel!*-her; a comr>
by P. ( . Allen and two by John H.i
i'ratt also int.rpret^d t>y Mrs. •
Richards.no_text