VOLUME LXXXVI— NO 100.
BENARD PLANS FOR BERKELEY
A UNIVERSITY WITHOUT RIVAL
GREAT CONTEST ENDED |
KHO^O+O^OK ♦O^O+C ♦ O ♦ <>♦©♦©
Mrs. Phebe Hearst's
Splendid Prize Has
Been Awarded.
Four American Architects Divide
the Remaining Honors of Comp
etition and Receive Rewards.
THE International contest for th<
Phebe Hearst architectural plar
for the University of California
has ended. A'fr a competltloi
in which the leading arch 11 ot
ih<- world took part the prize has beer
awarded tp R Benard of Paris. Nev< i
in the history of the world has then
bixn such n contest a^d in the opir.ioi
of the greatest Ilvirifr architects no
where in the world is there such ar
!<l<^:il university as has been plannec
for TVi Ut-iey. It remains now to deter
mine xvrtethor ov not the gorgeous de
s'rn of tfcr Ffercri architect shall tak<:
for'rn in ihr beautiful college town.
It vil! tnliH millions upon millions ol
dollars to make; the picture what it if
inter.d-d in represent, and another
it."-. -, r. t •<.'!' may lie the firrt to* see the
archi'trct's dn»am a reality. Bat the
gigantic arid dazzling project has be
gun ar.d its promoters say that millions
of dollar^ are already promised for its
accomplishment! The pian is nothing
Jess thtin stupendous.. It involves the
removal of every building on the uni
versity grounds ar.u the creation of a
new city of learning which will stretch
fmm the top of Grizzly Peak down the
heights and past the present campus.
Provision Is made for every con
ceivable department of learning from
a theater to a gymnasium, and in the
bewildering prospect the thought of
beauty has prevailed. There is not In
the world euch another university. In
beauty of location, adaptability of
buildings to their uses, in grouping and
in artistic effects the design of the
French master presents a picture that
hr.r no counterpart.
This result, which may give to Cali
fornia an everlasting monument, is the
work of Mrs. PI ■ ■■■ Hearst. It was sho
who inaugurated he contest and now
pledges a princely fortune to achieve
a substantial result. It was Mrs.
Hearst who brought the master archi
tects at the world into Eh< sternest" of
competitions and one that was without
parallel. The victor in yesterday's
award may say that twice ho met the
lead architects of all countries and
twice he won. More than this, the re
gents of the University of California,
to whom the plan will be submitted,
r.ir say that they have before them the
best that the civilized world can pro
duce in architecture.
As already described the plan to se
cure an Ideal university for Berkeley
was without parallel. Mrs. Hearst be
gan it early two years ago Large
sums of money were expended in pre
liminary work. Experts were sent to
Europe to -study different universities
and to invite interest In the new and
gigantic project. Pamphlets were cir
culated in the Uuited States and sent
BENARD DESIGN FOR THE NEW/ UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
The San Francisco Call.
to Germany, England. France and
Italy, and eminent architects were in
vited to compete in designing a perfect
university for Berkeley.
The missionary work was well done.
The leading architects of the world en
tered the field, for the prize of money
was worth the winning and the pros
pect of new honors worth the trial.
Ninety-eight eminent architects sub
mitted signs, which on September 30.
IS9S, were submitted to a jury at Ant
werp. This jury, competent to judge,
worked by elimination and after the
first trial only forty-four designs re
mained. Fifty-four had been rejected,
so searching and exacting had been the
standard of. excellence.
After the second trial only twenty
one designs remained as eligible.
Then there was a third examina
tion and only the creations of eleven
architects escaped the fire. It was re
markable that all of 'these designs' re
ceived the unanimous approval of the
jury. These eleven plans were brought
to this city and it Is from them that the
jury has drawn thai of Benard as the
best. His victory has been well won.
His v, irk. under the fire of every pos
sible criticism, should be the best that
the world can give. It Is a signal tri
umph for French architecture.
Benard's design being adjudged the
finest of. the eleven in the final contest
was awarded the first prize of $10,000.
All the other prize winners are Ameri
cans, although graduates of the French
school of architecture. They are:
Howeris. Stokes .v Ilornbostel. New
York, second, $4000; Despardelles &
Stephen Codman, Boston, third, $3000;
Howard & Cauldwell, New York,
fourth, $2000; Lord. Hewlett & Hull,
New York, fifth. $1000.
The jury has not yet completed its
report of the work, but this will be
finished to-day or to-morrow and will
be filed » with, the_^ university regents,
bffore if i? made public.
The report will discuss at great
length the merits, demerits, faults and
fine points of all the plans submitted.
The outcome of the contest is looked
upon as a decided triumph for the
French school of art. No fault is found
with the jury's award. The members
worked conscientiously and were not
swayed in their judgment by partiality
or bias. As a matter of fact even if
they were inclined that way there was
no opportunity for unfairness in mak
ing the • awards. None of the plans
bore the names of the designers and
the coats of arms were covered and
sealed and were not exposed Until the
jury had reached its final decision.
Many things were taken into consid
eration in making .the decision — the
grouping of the different buildings, the
SAX FRAIS CISCO, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1899.
MONSIEUR E. BENARD, THE WINNNER.
Monsleur Benard, whose plans for the new Stai.- University were awarded the first prize by the jury of archi
tects, was born ai Goderville, Department of the Lower Seine, France, in 1844. He is a diplomat Eeole de Beaux Arts
and holder of the Grand Prix de Rome. He Ins been piominently identified with some of the greatest modern archi
tectural undertakings of France.
variety of design and their adaptability
to the present university site.
The Benard plans present marvelous
perfection. None of the other designs
ipproach them in the qualification!
nentioned. They are foi a series 01
itrucfures commencftig weßt of th»
•resent campus and extending to th<
limit of the university property and far
up f> the summit of Grizzly Peak,
where the proposed observatory euild
lng is to be located.
A /Magnificent City of
Learning Is Finally
Designed.
Millions of Dollars and Years of
Time yv\*jst Be Given to Make a
Brilliant Dream a Reality.
In making his designs Eenard has
utilized to the very best advantage the
grounds as they are; that is. he has
preserved the contour of the property
:as much as possible. The jury consid
! ered that a decidedly favorable .
jas the excavations proposed in some
i of the plans would have been extreme
ly expensive and would have destroyed
many of the beauties of the surround
ings. Even the oak trees and! the lit
tle streams in the iniversity grounda
have been taken Into consideration by j
Mr. Benard, and his buildings ai
arranged that none of them will b
turbed. In the main the sty!.- of archi
tecture adopted is modern, but oat
terned after the classics. Mr. Benard
was inspired by and followed closely
upon classic lines. He has leaned
somewhat to the Roman lonic order.
Opening off University avenue is the
great court, which the architect des
ignates the Fin>- Arts Square. Around
this he has grouped the educational
buildings, strictly speaking. To the
south are the theaters, two in number,
and structures of imposing design.
East of the Fine Arts Square at the
end of an avenue upon which face the
ancient and modern history. English,
the library, the administration buildin-r
and the department of jurisprudence, is
the athletic field, backed up by the ath
letic hall and gymnasium. At the
sides of the athletic court are the
tribunes, and the gymnasium is a most
beautiful structure. North of th? ath
letic building and east is the military
department. These buildings are so lo
cated that crowds can pass to and from
the athletic section without going
through the main grounds.
Up on the rising ground toward Griz
zly Peak are located the natural his
tory group — the -departments of zoo
logy, botany and similar branches. A
museum of zoology is included in the
group. The observatory i : located at
the top of Grizzly Pef>k and is a prom
inent feature of the plans.
Down in the park where the hot
houses now stand the architect has
placed a number of smal' dwellings,
presumably for the use of members of
the faculty. A 1 the other extreme of
the grounds, remote from all other
buildings, is the infirmary. The dormi
tories are situated on the hillside and
the club houses are west of the athletic
field.
It was the spacious opening court
and the general laying out of the plan
that won it favor with the jury. The
arrangement of the buildings on the hill
was not considered quite perfection or
in any comparison with the lower
groups, hut the excellence of the latter
overbalanced whatever deficiencies
I there were in the balance of the gen
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
FRENCH GENIUS WINS J
eral plan and prompted the Jury to
award Mr. Benard's designs the first
prize.
The architect has not lost sight of the
educational features of the university
in making his plans. The gymnasium,
military department, dormitories, club
houses, etc., have been made secondary
features to the main educational build
ings. They are finely grouped, with
plenty of provision made for expansion.
While ;the dormitories are separated
somewhat from the main groups they
are conveniently located to both the
athletic field, the gymnasium and the
classical departments.
Mr. Benard'a plans, aside from their
merit as architectural designs, are
works of art. They are all wash draw
ings most artistically executed. As ,to
the detail of the buildings, that is a
matter of after consideration. The
plans are drawn to represent stone, and*
more than likely that is the material
that will be used in their construction.
The cost of the buildings has not been
computed, but when it is taken Into
consideration that the plans call fop
from fifty to seventy-five structures,
many of which are more imposing than
any building in this city, a fair idea,
may be formed of the outlay necessary,
to construct the new university.
Howells, Stokes & Hornbostel. whose
designs won second place, worked on
an entirely different idea from Mr. Bt-»
nard. They gave prominence to th»
dormitory. features of their plans, ,-:iv%
ing these buildings bo much space that
the educational departments were sad*.
ly crowded. The classical buildings
are placed on the plateau at the foot
of the hill. The athletic section is Drac*
tically placed the same as in the Be*
nard plan, although they have treated
in it the amphitheater form. The ar«
rangement of the grounds provides fo9
two main entrances; one from Univex>«
sity avenue and the other from Tele
graph avenue, the main thorouglriard
leading from Oakland. Mr. Howells of!
this firm is son of William Dean How*
ells, the novelist.
Despardelles & Codman, who cams
third in the contest, went outside of
the limits of the university territory.
They planned a university on a seal*
of .grandeur that is almost appalling.
Great tracts of land on both sides oC
the present site are taken in and coy-«
en 1 with buildings of gigantic propor
tions. The fault the jurors found with
these designs was that in carrying out
a very artistic idea the architects
divided the university by a wide pub-,
lie boulevard, extending in . a semi-«
circle from the end of University
avenue to Telegraph avenue. This
practically cut in twain the groups oC
buildings. The athletic section is given2
DEAL FOR COLUMBIA
CANNERIES IS CLOSED
New York Syndicate Soon to Control the
Entire Salmon Output of
the District
f) VANCOUVER, B. C. Sept. 7. — The deal is now practically com- €
) pleted whereby a New York syndicate, organized by T. B. McGovern & /
' Co.. a large brokerage firm, will become proprietors of the whole of the
> salmon :anning industry of British Colui bia. A telegram was received '
to day f:-o::i New York by the Vancouver representative of McGovern v
f & Co.. stating that the syndicate had about been formed with a capital 1
stock • . and now all that remained was to secure reasonable
■¥ price? ■ canners.
There are sixty-eight canneries In British Columbia— on the Fraser £
+ and Skeena rivers m >stly and they are valued at $40.000 each. The ma- j)
jority of the pi have already stated their willingness to part /
rty on jis of arbitration, they to receive Half cash and
the remainder of the valu - ; of the various canneries in capital stock J
■ the new company. Then the present proprietors will be resident >
♦ •;■],,. v Govern svndi< •!•• will handle the sale of the packs. *,
The .-..••• New fork I itly engineered the forming of a trust :
+ on the Columbia River in which the -canneries there were brought un- *
der the control oi one larg< corporation.
.
unusual space and is located almost in
the center of the grounds.
The fourth prize was awarded to
Howard & Cauldwell of Sew York. The
trouble with their plans was a mon
otonous similarity of design in all the
buildings. This was one of the princi
pal faults. The arrangement of the
buildings is excellent and due con
sideration has been given to preserv
ing the contour of the present site.
The last on the list of prize winners
is the firm of Lord. Hewlett & Hull of
New York. A feature of their plans,
and the one which practically won the
fifth prize, is the arrangement of two
beautiful entrances to the university
grounds, one directly from Berkeley
toward the west, and the other facing
toward Oakland opposite Telegraph
avenue. These entrances ad to an
immense square, around which the im
portant buildings are located, connect
ed by colonnades But the designers fell
into the monotonous feature and made
all th. buildings alike. The jury has
considered in looking over all the dif
ferent plans that each building should
be designed to show as far as possible
the us to which it was to be put.
The Hearst architectural contest
marks practically the ginning of one
of the most gigantic undertakings ever
attempted. The consummation of the
plans means that the California Uni
versity will become one of the greatest
and most extensive centers of learning
that the world has ever known. Vir
tually a city will be built on the site of
the present frame buildings that com
prise the State University- city of
buildings that can safely be said to be
the very perfection of architectural de
sign and beauty, the creations of the
greatest architects known. The present
university buildings can almost be
numbered on the fingers of the hands.
The plans which wen the prize in the
architectural contest embrace struct
ures reaching close up to a hundred in
number. Every conceivable depart
ment is provided for according to its
acknowledged importance.
From an architectural standpoint the
contest i.« considered one of the most
Important events in the history of the
profession. The eyes of the civilized
world have been turned toward the Jury
of architects and their decision has
been awaited with feverish Impatience.
At this time it is hard to state with
any degree of pi sitlveness what the
next step will be toward a realization
of Mrs. Hearst's plans for California's
university. The report of the jury will
be in the hands of the Regents in a
very few days and then the course for
the immediate future will be outlined.
Mrs. Hearst has guaranteed to provide
for the construction of at least two pf
the most important buildings and other
public spirited people have signified
their Intention of doing likewise.
Monsieur E. Benard, upon whose
plans was conferred the great honor
of being selected as the designs for Cal
ifornia's new university, Is a native of
France and comparatively a young
man. " was born in 1844 at Gader
ville. Department of the Lower Seine.
He has been closely identified with
many of the more important of modern
public "and private architectural works
of France. He is. a diplomat Kcole dc
Beaux Arts, and in August. 1867. he re
ceived the Grand Prix tie Rome, the
highest honor in the line of the arts
that can be conferred in the Old World.
It is conferred in the several depart
ments of painting, architecture, sculp
ture and engraving. M; Benard won
it on an architectural} design for a fine
arts building. The central motive, of
the Art Palace at the Columbian Ex
position at Chicago was radically a
direct copy of the work.
A man only has until he is thirty to
win the Grand Prix. Out of a larere
number of applicants in each depart
ment, ten are selected to. enter the final
competition, and but one of these Is
awarded the* Grand Prix in each year.
Monsieur Benard has done a great
deal of work upon buildings in the
French capital. He designed the Palace
de Compiegne, Civil Court building at
Fecant, the Chateaux of Sassetot and
Mere-aux-Clercs. One of his greatest
pieces of work was the designing cf the
decorations of the Casino de Nice.
♦
GUESTS OF MRS. HEARST
VIEW THE PRIZE PLANS
The elite of San Francisco society
thronged the ferry building lost evening
to view the plans for California" a univer
sity, which had been submitted by Dearly
a score of world famous artists in compe
tition for the prize offered by Mrs. Phebe
Hearst. It was not a public exhibition:
that will conic later, but the guests were
nil there by invitation of Mrs. Hears)
The drawl mbs had been arranged along
the sides of the east nave of the big
building and an added artistic effect was>
produced by the draptngs of Persian and
Turkish rugs. On the east side, at about
the center of the building, a canopy of
these rugs haxl been erected, under which
Mrs Hearst received her guests, assisted
by Mrs. W. K. Jones of Berkeley, Mrs;
Kd ward. Clark of New York, Mrs. San-
Dorn, Mrs. McDonald, Mrs.- Carriers, Miss
Appcrpon and Miss Lane.
At the north end of the grand nave coat
and cloak rooms had been partitioned off
or the occasion and the brass-buttoned
iliccnaen who guarded the portals of the
'mprovised gallery where the exhibition
warn being held, gaie the affair the ap
• arance of a State function. In th" \a
int space back of the long line of draw
,i t'F a band was stationed, and, thus
-r< .nod from view, dispensed sweet
musk! throughout the evening.
The reception bepan at 9 o'clock and for
ihe next three hours the guests passed to
md fro admiring the elaborate drawings
md exchanging views as to their respec
• t, as seen by the uninitiated
■.•i ;:i\"infr their respects to Mrs
Hearst. While in the midst of this pleas
luty Mrs. Hearst was seized with a
fainting spell. Restoratives were quickly
applied ar.d p'hp recovered" almost iram a
dlatelj :ir,<i was taken home in her car
riage. Her temporary Indisposition was
due to the somewhat vitiated atmosphere
and the severe nervous strain under
which she has been laboring for the pas!
week as the result of her untiring intor
o«t in everything In any way connected
with the competition.
The Inspection of the marvelous produc
tions of the famous architects proved a
captivating fonr. of recreation, ihr rich
ly costQtned Indies and men in full even-
Ing dress never seemed to tire of gazing
at the drawings. M. Benard's ii!nn«.
which were awarded first prize by thf
international judges imported to decide
their respective merits, were naturally
the center of attraction, as It is from
them thai the hew university bui'ditißS
be built. They were located ;>t the
south end of the nave, while the second,
third and fourth prize winners were ad
vantageously placed along the sides
and at the north end. All came in f>r
volumes of praise and not quite .ili of
those present agreed with the Judges that
M. Benard's plans were the most artistic.
l ut then the amateur critics were but cx
i essing their individual tastes and had
not the slightest thought of doubting the
- - ■ f ;he nward.
judges, the regents of the univer
sity and Dr. Jordan of Stanford Univer
sity were among the more prominent fig
ures to be soon at the reception, and the
former especially were the lions of 'he
hour. I* was past midnight before the
last of the gmstF had departed.
DAN BURNS' MAN
FRIDAY RESIGNS
HIS POSITION
Leon Dennery Seeks
Other Pastures.
ED B. CARROLL GETS THE JOB
HEALTH BOARD WOULD NOT
STAND THE STRAIN.
»
Was Willing to Abide by the Rail
road's Dictation, but Dennery as
Secretary Was One Too
• • Many.
The by no moans delicate stomach of
the San Francisco Board of Health has
finally rebelled at Leon Dennery. That
political creation of Daniel M. Burns of
fered his resignation ass secretary of the
board yesterday. It will bo accepted at
the next meeting. Edward B. Carroll, for
merly statistician to the board, has been
appointed to the vacancy created by Mr.
Dennery 1 enforced resignation.
The resignation of DennerC* was fore
casted some weeks ago in The Call, as
was tin- successor of Carroll. Since hi»
appointment upon Burns' orders individ
ual members of the Board of Health have
made no secret of their dissatisfaction.
No matter what their political debts to
Burns might be, or his to them, they
have never been willing to stand for Den
nery as a prominent ami unprofitable
member of their political association. His
private and public reputation has been
.such that even Burns has found him a
position where he will have more time
for his politics and bo less open to public
criticism and censure. Mr. Dennery, it
is understood, will after the loth of the
month be employed as district deputy to
Internal Revenue inspector Lynch. In
that position he will have the same sal
ary and less work; his time for the good
of the cause will be extended.
"When I took this job." said Mr. Den
nery yesterday, "I never expected to keep
it. I was under fire from the newspapers
and about everybody else, and I accepted
for that reason. Now I can retire with
a clean record and no paper in town can
say I have done anything crooked. I
won't say what Job I'm going into next,
but I am needed more downtown, where
there's something doing, than I am here,
and -I'll Just hand this out to you for a
tip: I'll have more time and more people
where I'm going."
Despite his assertion that his resigna
tion was voluntary. It is known that the
members of the board informed Burns
weeks ago that the course Dennery has
taken must eventuate In his retirement.
They were willing to take orders so long
as their individual reputations did not
suffer by association, but to no further
extent. That they were still willing to
bow down to the Burns-Herrih political
corporation is evidenced by the fact that
Edward Carroll, brother-in-law of George
Crocker, vice president of the Southern
Pacific, has been appointed to Dennery's
phace, hut their subserviency in that case
finds extenuation in the fact that Carroll
is a competent man and one against whom
nothing discreditable can be said, either
personally or politically.
VALLEY ROAD WILL BE
PART OF THE SANTA FE
LOS ANGELES, Sept. -An order re
ceived from the headquarters of the Santa
Fe read to-day by the officials of the
company here Indicates that the Valley
road will be operated fiß a part of the
Santa Fe system and not separately. The
order designates the following officials
of the Santa Fe to be also officials of the
Viklvv road i -" ■
General manager, W. G. Nevln, Los An
geles; general superintenuent, A. G.
wells, Los Anpeles; auditor, W. E. Bai
ley, Los Angeles; chief engineer, W. B.
Storey Jr., San Francisco.
LARGEST SHIP AFLOAT.
Maiden Trip to the United States
of the Steamer Oceanic.
. QTEENBTOWN, Sept. 7. - The new
White Star steamship Oceanic, Captnin
Cameron, which left Liverpool yesfrday
=;»i!ed from this port at 12:4 i) p. m. on hi.r
maiden trip to the United States, having
2044 souls on board. The vessel received
an enthusiastic grouting here. The Oceanic
is the longest vessel ever built.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fall* to cure.
E. W. Grove'i signature Is on each box. 2ic.
Tim: SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, IS'JJ?.
MARKED GROWTH
OF METHODISM
Reports Received at Cal
ifornia Conference.
PREPARING FOR ELECTION
CHANGES SUGGESTED IN GEN-
ERAL RULES.
Committee Appointed to Prepare for a
Proper Celebration of the Con
ference Jubilee in
1901.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 7.— The Califor
nia Methodist Conference convened at S
o'clock this morning tor its second day's
session, Bishop W. X. Ninde presiding.
The conference opened with devotional ex
ercises, after which Rev. J. W. Ross, who
has spent fifty years In the ministry.
preached hie jubilee sermon. The confer
ence business opened With the reading of
yesterday's minutes and calling the. roll
of the first session's absentees, the most
of whom were present to-day.
The lirst business before me body was
the election of the class of 1902 on the
board of conference stewards, to take the
place of the class of ls'J'J, whose term has
expired. J. W. Chynoweth, C. G. -Milnes
and J. P. Macaulay were elected. E. D.
\ an Devent'er, superintendent of the Ne
vada mission; George C. King, Albert L.
H-axeiett ana George B. Greenrield of the
Colorado Conference were then introduced
by Bishop Ninde and their transfer to this
conference announced.
A communication was received from the
Baltimoie Conference asking this confer
ence 10 join others in voting to amend
me churcn discipline rules legalizing e«i*iai
lay ana ministerial representation* in the
Utnerai Ccruerence, passed last year by
an the- annual conferences before tne Gen
eral Conference acts thereon. It was re.id
and the i.me for" taking action on it fixed
at to-morrow, immediately utter Hist
ballot for delegates from this conference
to" the General Conference. Acting on this
Question and electing delegates to the
General Conference will make to-morrow a
session one of the most important of the
present convention. . ... nr _ ,-.
On motion the chair appointed Drs. £.
R Dille H. B. Iltacork and John A. a.
Wilson a committee to represent the con
ference in the lay electoral conference in
Its session to-morrow. wo notable reso
lutions were presented and adopted, he
lirst arranging for a suitable ration
of the conference jubilee year in 1901 and
the second a request to the Board of
Bishops co change the time for conven
ing tne California conference till later
in September. By special privilege Dr.
W S. Matthew, editor of the California
Christian Advocate, then addressed the
body on the use of the press in the fur
theiance of church work.
The report on the San Francisco dis
trict, the largest and one of the most im
portant districts of this conference, was
presented during the morning session by
its presiding elder. Dr. Westwpod A\ .
Case. Dr. Case began with a brief his
tory of the church in California, showing
the work of the past year in comparison
to previous years. During the year the
reports- showed that Methodism has
gained in membership in the territory of
this district. Many churches have had im
provements made on them, debts have
been lifted from several churches, no
tably the California-street Church in San
Francisco, which has been treed from ;
debt largely through the efforts of Rolla !
V Watt of San Francisco. In the course j
of his report Dr. Case pronounced a I
eulogy on the memory of Dr. F. F. Jew
ell of Pacific Grove, who died in Febru
ary last.
After the reading of this report the
case of W. .D. Crabb came up and the
matter was referred to a committee of
inquiry. I
he afternoon was devoted to the work !
of the conference missionary, societies,
and in the evening the worth League
rally was held. L. J. Norton of Napa,
I)r W C. Evans of Stockton and Dr. J.
\V Hamilton of Cleveland. Ohio, delivered
addresses. The day closed with the an
nual "campfire" of the Conference Army
Veterans' Club, Commander E. J. McClish
presiding.
LAYMEN'S CONFERENCE.
Addresses Made and Officers Elected j
for the Ensuing Year.
PACIFIC GROVE. Sept. 7.— The first |
session of the annual convention of th* |
Lay Association of the California M. E. '
Conference wars held this morning at the \
Congregational church in this city. An I
exceptionally large attendance ami great
Interest in the proceedings marked the i
session. With the exception of the presi- ;
dent's address the morning was occupied i
with routine business.
L. D. Norton of San Joso, president of I
the association, made an address to the '
convention <m the place of the Lay Asso
ciation in the church. He spoke of the ;
awakening of laymen to the interests of
the church. Tn closing Mr. Norton re- ;
ferred with great feeling to the late Cap
tain Cnarles (ioorlall of Oakland, who was
oih> of the foundrrw of the California Lay |
Association, the first to be orgHnizert in j
America, and who was one of the stanch- I
est supporters.
The following officers were elected and
at once Installed: President. C. C. I-r.ni- ;
bard. Oakland: vine presidents— G. r>. Kei- I
log?. Miss N. Muntinsjton. T. C. McChes
ney: recording secretary, Clarke Stande
fordj corresponding secretary, L. L. Den
nett; treasurer. F. L. Turpin.
DUEL FOUGHT, BUT
NO ONE KILLED
Prince de Moskow Shoots M. Gaston :
Mery, Editor of Ln Libre Parole,
in the Neck.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald Copyrighted. 1599, by Jamea Gordjn
Bennett.
PARIS, Sept. 7.— On September 4 an
article by M. Gaaton Mery containing
some reflections on the late Due d'Elchin
| gen appeared In the L,lbre Parole. Prince
1 de Moskow, son of the Duke, considered
I the article insulting to the memory of his
father and told M. Mery so In terms
: which the latter considered offensive.
The result was a duel. The duel took
place yesterday at Vlllebon. The seconds
j were M. O. Bio and .Iran Drault for M.
Mery and Prince Louis Napoleon Murat
j and Prince Napoleon Murat .for Prince dv
MoKkow. Pistols were selected and It
| was arranged that four balls should be
exchanged at twenty-five paces. At the j
second exchange M. Gaston Mery was :
uliKhtly wounded in the neck. The bellig
| crents shook hands on the ground. ••
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postal Changes, Army Orders and
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Postal service
between Requa and Turwah, Del Norte
County, and Westville and Ackerman,
Placer County, California; will be discon
tinued after- September 15.
Army Orders— Private Herbert Bennett,
' Presidio, San Francisco, having enlisted
i under false pretences, will be discharged
without honor from the service of The
United States.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, Acting Hospital Steward Charles
: Wrltesman, Hospital Corns, now In San
■ Fran-MSco, will report to the Commanding
General, Department of California, for as
signment to duty.
Hospital Steward William A. Musgrave,
Acting Hospital Stewards Angus McLeod
William Mulford and Charles W. Halls,
and eighty privates of the Hospital Corps
now at Washington Barracks. District of
Columbia, will t>e sent to San Francisco
and upon arrival there report to the Com
manding General of the Department of
California for transportation on ihe
hospital ship Relief to the Philippine
Islands.
Pensions: California— Additional: John
W. Ward, San Francisco, $8 to $10.
Original— John W. Ward, San Francisco
$S to $10.
Oregon— Original: Conrad Schmeltzer
Scholfs, $8.
Increase— William H. Graham, Days
Creek, 114 to $1«.
Original Widows— Harriette Turner
Medford, *S.
COL. SHAW CHOSEN
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF
Close of the Thirty-Third National Encamp
ment of the Grand Army of the
Republic.
COLONEL ALBERT D. SHAW OF NEW YORK.
This well-known veteran has been elected commander In chief of the
Grand Army of the Republic. In 1597 he was chosen department commander
of New York.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. ". — The
thirty-third national encampment
of the Grand Army of the Re
public came to an end to-night.
The election of a commander-in
chief. which it was supposed would be
settled only after a warm contest, was
conducted and carried out in the most
peaceable manner Imaginable. Colonel
Albert D. Shaw of "Watertown, N. V.,
was unanimously elected to the highest
office of the organization, after Judge
Leo Rassieu or St. Louis had declined
to be a candidate. Other officers elected
were: Irvine Robbins of Indianapolis,
senior vice commander-in-chlef ; H. M.
Minton of Louisville, Ky., junior vice
commander; William H. Baker of
Lynn. Mass.. surgeon general; Jacob
H. Grimm of Maryland, char>lain-in
chief.
Early in the campaign there were
three candidates for commander-in
chief. W. C. Johnson- of Cincinnati,
who was acting commander-in-chief,
was first mentioned, and the names of
Colonel Shaw and Judge Rassieur
later became prominent. Johnson's
boom was ended yesterday with his
election to the office for the unexpired
term of the late commander. Sexton,
lasting two days. This rendered him
Ineligible to candidacy for another
term, and with the election of Colonel
Shaw he becomes a past commander
in-ohief.
Aside from the selection of a com
mander-in-chief the pension question
received the major portion of attention.
Resolutions were adopted that rule 2^5,
now in practice, was a hardship in that
it required proof of identity and injury,
which many soldiers could not fur
nish and asking that the President
re-establish rule 164, which is not so
.stringent in its requirements. The
resolutions also deplored the practice in
the pension bureau which bars widows
who have an income of 5% a year, and
asks that the limitation be increased
to $250 a year.
Pursuan'. of the resolutions a com
mittee <>f five was appointed to seek
relief from the administrative officers.
and, failing there, to ask Congress to
amend the law in favor of the veterans.
Chicago secpred the next encamp
ment and it is expected that Judge
Rassieur will then be elected corhman
der-in-chief.
The features of to-days celebration
wore the illumination of the North
Atlantic squadron and the camp fire of
the Union ex-prisoners of war, both of
which occurred to-night. The lighting
up of ihe fleet drew large crowds to
both the Pennsylvania and New Jersey
shores of the Delaware River. The
ships were literally covered with elec
tric lights and presented a magnificent
i picture. The big searchlights on the
vessels were also In operation, making
the illumination more effective. The
cruiser Detroit received considerable
attention from the crowd by reason of
the order sending her to Venezuela to
I protect American interests there.
The Academy of Music was crowded
to the door? to-night by Grand Army
men and their friends to take part in
the ex-prisoners' campflre. Addresses
were made by Governor Stone of Penn
sylvania. Mayor Ashbridge of this city,
ex-Governor Robert E. Pattison. Lieu
tenant Colonel James B. Barnett of the
Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment; General
John C. Black of Illinois. United States
Senator Penrose' and a number of
others.
There were numerous reunions held,
and the Illumination of the "Avenue of
Fame" and the fireworks display at
Camp James A. Sexton were continued
to-night.
Rear Admiral Sampson attended the
convention of Naval Veterans of the
United States. The delegates discussed
a plan for the erection of a monument
to the memory of Past Rear Admiral
J H. Dahlgren. A committee was ap
pointed to solicit subscriptions for the
memorial. Officers were elected as fol
lows:
Commodore commanding. Goerge I.
Seavy, Chicago; fleet captain and chief
of staff, I. B Baker. Boston: command
er, J. A. Miller. Athens, Ohio: lieuten
ant commander. J. O. Shaw. Maine:
lieutenant, Samuel B. Dixon. Detroit:
master, C. L. Weedon. Massachusetts':
ensign, J. H. Barry, Philadelphia: sur
geon, J. L. Crilley, Ohio: paymaster.
U. P. Dustln, Rhode Island: chaplain.
A. S. McWilllams. Detroit; judge advo
cate. C. F. Cooding. Chicago.
The convention adjourned to meet
with the G. A. R. at Chicago in 1900.
SONS MAY SEPARATE
FROM THE VETERANS
DETROIT. Sept. 7.— Whether there is
really any friction between the Sons of
Veterans and the G. A. R., and whether
the two societies shall In the future camp
together, are the serious questions being
considered by the eighteenth annunl en
canjpment Ot the Sons of Veterans, which
began here this afternoon. Opinion among
the delegates on the matter of campling
together with the veterans of the G. A.
R. is divided.
There is in the hands of the resolution
committee a resolution fixing the 1900 en
campment at Chicago simultaneously
with the G. A. li. and ordering that the
sons camp with the veterans hereafter.
It will be reported to the delegates for
consideration to-morrow. Both Syracuse,
N. V.. and Milwaukee arc also working
fur the next encampment, with Milwau
kee In the lead to-night.
Three candidates for the office of com
mander in chief, to succeed F. L. Shep.irt
of Chicago, have developed. A. W*. Jones
of Youngstown. Ohio, is the lea-ding can
didate, with NcwtQii J. McGuire of In
dianapolis and Rev. YV. J Pat ton of
Marinette. Wis., also working for the
office.
The military feature qf the order seems
to be on the wane. There is a desire
among the delegates to eliminate the
drills and military sections and make of
the order a patriotic society of a purely
civil character, aside from the officers
retaining their present military titles.
About 200 delegates are attending the en
camptnent and visitors swell the total
attendance to the vicinity of 400.
The Ladles' Aid Society is meeting at
the Hf.te! Cadillac, with forty delegates
present. The secretary, Mrs. Mamie P
Dorsey, reported a total membership' of
4ii9. divided among 19.3 societies.
TWO KILLED AND TWO
INJURED BY LIGHTNING
TUSCOLA, 111.. Sept. 7.-At the Doug
las's County Fair at Carmen to-night
lightning struck the north end of the
grand Btand, killing two men Instantly
fatally Inpuring two more and seriously
disabling six others. The dead are-
SPENCER BROMAREL, Woodruff
ROBKRT MYERS. Champaign, 111.
Thf fatally injured:
William Oder of Champaign and John
Gfiest of Urbana.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
PAILKP.
Thursday, September 7
. J?tmr TVestport, Peterson.
$I^3o.
JL.kJXJ*
Here is the picture of our $1.30 hat another addition to
our hat values. •■. ; •:"•■•
We have three different priced hats, each especially
noticeable.
For people who are used to wearing $1.50 hats, we satisfy
them with our 90-cent hat. These $1. 30 hats are for those who
usually pay $2. c0," and our $1.95 hat is an agreeable purchase
for men who usually pay $2.50.
These $1.30 hats are: '
soft hats stiff hats
•n black, j n black,
cedar, walnut, cedar and
and pearl. brown.
Here is a special for mothers 'v^^-^X/P
for a short time — boys' sailors
like the picture, and golf caps, . ,- Z^^^^^^"^^^^
IDC each.
as.H.woopolioffij&
NggS^yrzia market st. • X^oJX
Out-of-town orders filled — write; us.
GROWTH OF THE
AID SOCIETY
Many New Names Added
to the Roll.
CHANGES IN CONSTITUTION
GBEETING FROM EISKOP MONT
GOMERY.
Mrs. Deane and Miss Curtis Renomi
nated by Acclamation for
Grand President and Grand
Secretary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 7.— The twelfth an
nual Grand Council of the Catholic La
tiles' Aid Society is proving to be the 1" ti
tension ever held In the history of the so
ciety. A large amount ot business is be
ing transacted ana all tlie members are
having "a good time. .. .
The council was opened this morning at
5; o'clock by Granu President Mrs. iMar
gaiet. Dcane. j. he first report was that of
Ljiand ( Deputy Miss :\iay Uarretty of ban
i' mnciscu. Uuimg u.e year »n^ Visited
every branch In* me ritate anil installed
the oflicers. falie I'ourMi an ilourtsaing
and very prosperous aim Ihterestea In the
grand work ol charity for whlcn Hie. .soci
ety was founded. i ere are -prospects of
me organization of three new branches
In the tuture. The suciejy now lias Hou
nieuibers. and diiii^it; me year there lias
teen an Increase in the membership of over
one hundred. .There are twenty-two
branches in the State: .
The district deputies are: Miss Mary
Gannon, for No. 1 of Oakland and No. 3
of Alameda; Mrs. E. S. Code, for No. 8,
Cathedral Branch, San Francisco, and
No. Id, St. Joseph's Church, dan Fran
cisco; Miss Maurella Fitzgerald of Gilroy,
for Gilroy No. b and Uoilister No. 2; Mrs.
J. J. Norman, for Stockton No. 7; Miss
Jennie Mitchell, tor fcst. Brendan's No. 4
and fit. Hose's No. 11 of San Francisco;
Miss Mollle Regan, for Santa Cruz No.
IS; Mrs. D. M. Miller, for Holy Cross No.
12, St. Mary's (Paulist) No. 25 tot San
Francisco and South San Francisco No.
IS; Mrs. M. F. Dorsey, for San Luis
Ooispo; Mrs. McGowan, for Santa Rosa
No. 22 and Petaluma No. 23; Mrs. P. y.
Fay. for San Rafael No. 24; Mrs. J. Drury,
for St. Dominic's No. 19 and Sacred Heart
No. 20, San Francisco; Miss Flora Faling,
for Lompoc No. 26
The report of Miss Mollie Repan for the
Hotel del Mar was most encouraging and
was received with hearty applause. All
wisji Miss Repan to remain in charge for
another year.
A home for girls will be established in
San Francisco as soon as the grand board
of directors can secure suitable quarters.
The following letter of greeting was re
ceived from Bishop Montgomery of Los
Angeles: ' .*
"My Dear Mrs. Deane: I wish the con
vention of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Soci
ety every blp.ssing and success."
Much time lias been spent in discussing
amendments to the constitution. A very
important change was made to-day in re-
I gard to the representation of delegates
iat the Grand Council. Hereafter the rep
resentation will be according to the mem
bership of the branch. Each branch will
be entitled to one delegate for ■ every
twenty-five members to a hundred, and
all presidents and past presidents of
branches will be entitled to a voice and
vote in all sessions of the Grand Council.
Mrs. Margaret Dfane and Miss Mar
garet Curtis were renominated by accla
i mation for the offices of grand president
j and . grand secretary respectively. The
election and installation of officers will be
• held to-morrow morning.
iN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL,
* * The Largest Winery in
America. <S>
Killed in a Mine.
ANGELS CAMP. Sept. 7.— Vino Glavlch,
a miner employed in the Lightner mine,
was instantly killed last night. Glavich
was ascending in a skip and disregarded
the rules of the rompany by throwing off
drills while the skip was movinK. He
struck his head on a projection and foil
to the bottom of the shaft, a distance of
300 feot. The Coroner's jury brought in a
verdict of accidental death. Glavich was
32 years of age, a native of Austria, and
unmarried.
Vacant Chair at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 7.-
Dr. Jordan is experiencing some difficult >■
in filling the position left vacant in the
electrical engineering department through
the sickness ot Professor Farmer. It is
Dr Jordan's wish to have the position
filled by a Stanford graduate, but so suc
cessful are all the graduates of this de
partment that he cannot flnd one who
will take the place even temporarily.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEVERE CASE
OF CATARRH
E. C. Jeffers Testifies to
i lie Immediate Relief
Given Him by Dr. Aborn,
554 Sutter Street.
Dr. Aborn. the specialist In the treat-
ment of eye. car. head, throat and lungs
I at 554 Sutter street, has received the fol-
| lowing testimonial from E. C. Jeffers. a
j prominent citizen of Astoria. Or.
"TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: 1
wish to say in behalf of Dr. Aborn's treat-
ment of catarrh that I have been greatly
relieved within the past month, having
been troubled with that disease for aboul
two years, I' have been treating with the
doctor one month, and I am now In facl
; nearly well.
"To those afflicted I would advise them
.to apply to th doctor, a? I have been seri-
ously cut of health, niul have been stead- \
ily Improving ever since I came to th« '
I city, til* doctor's treatment having give.ii
j me instant relief. E. C. JEFFERS.
''Astoria. Or."
Dr. Aborn's office and residence. 554 Sut-
, ter street. Hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4. Even-
I ings 7 to S.
I Will Give $1000
If I fail to cure any
,^KK&vVSSE§£ ; : - r -i- v^^ CANCER or tumor I
&>Ms^\e«St^^A&*',». treat before it scat-
; W&/ ''SgsyapSs** .vf vfrk tors or affects the
. '255/' ?\3i ribs or other
i ■fj%£& ,os***. Jll Knife
#l|f IpR 111 NoPainl
J ' Pt\j No Pay
,A h $ f Until Cured.
< rfSwi'«<i£i! Jaw*' 28 years' eipcri-
fence. 1000 cancers
V '^?*^^ ft now in my offices in
\ * Ssr - .)l I alcohol. Lady attend-
\^ ,i/yj' jj ant. A hard
.^R^<__ ' '^mIX, tumor on the lip
lump in a
WOMAN'S BREAST IS CANCER
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
j where cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE
With symptoms, addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY.M.D., 25 Third St., S.F.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
INVESTMENT OIL CO.,
Adjoining the famous section 20. Coalinga Dis. ;
triot. r-'-^re big wells now producing about 400(!
j bbls daily; limited amount stock will be start-
! Ed; $3 share for developing purposes; parties
! buying now will reap all advances;. For pros-
i pectus write or phone JOE D. BIDDLE. Gen-
i eral Agent -'< Montgomery st., Burk's ticket
office phone Black 3394; also A. HALEY, sec-
retary, office San Francisco Savings Lnlon,
' fifth "floor, phone Main 757. <
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
MAGOEBUBQ FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MAGDEBURG. IX THE EMPIRE OF
Germany, on the 31st day of December. • A.
D ISSS. and for the year ending on that day.
! as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th-
: State of California, pursuant to the provision-)
1 of sections 610 and 611 of th» Political Code.
! condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
i | Amount of Capital stock, raid up in
Cash *7j0.000 M
i ASSETS.
1 Real Estate owned by Company J540.129 1]
' i Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.211.031 35
; i Cash Market Value of all Stocks ..nd
Bonds owned by Company 2,1-6.489 IS
. Amount of Loans secured by pledge
I of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
■ able securities as collateral 8,750 00
1 : Cash in Company's Office 14. MS o2
j Cash In Banks../. -• 228.354 73
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 8,876 66
Premiums In dit* Course of Collec-
tlon •••••• ■•• 282.81*33
" Due from other companies for rein-
surance : 607.3.7 64
I Total Assets $5,108.48143
i LIABILITIES.
. j Losses In process of ' Adjustment or
• I In Suspense -• 539.529 78
• Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
, nlng one year or less, $ •.,„-....
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,598,239 78
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
! nlng more than one year. $ :
reinsurance pro rata 274,555 77
. I Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 2.900 00
! All other demands against the Com
! pany • 216.317 7a
Total Liabilities $2,631.543 OS
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums * $»,518.125 72
] Received for lnterr ' on Bonds and
; Mortgages ■•■■■•■ 47.250 18
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loane and from
all other sources 9.739 54
Received from all other sources es.SSa 18
Total Income .........' $4,023,510 60
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding J'.KUPO 98, losses of pre-
tious years) $2,594. 60« 78
! Dividends to Stockholders 312.600 00
i Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• v"*>"lU" l6d - 11 * M
! Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
i charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 212.249 68
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 75.W1 88
All other payments • • and • • ■" P '- nd - 1 " MM* R «
tures — 143.90S 88
Total Expenditures... vJiI'JHiS'IS 5
Losses incurred flortn* tho year f1reK.594.8M ,3
EMIL F MIETHKE Vice President.
piTnni i.- iiPRMiT Secretary. me th..,7th
BilbSSibed and f worn to before me thl. 7th
""hENRT^M 1 : DI 9 !dERICH. U. S. Consul at
Magdeburg.
GUTTE & FRANK,
MANAGERS,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
303 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
1 1 r-»TTOTJI7C i oli BARBERS. bak-
XX I I k^llilD '•-■ bootblacks, bath-
JJXIU *J *■++■*»* nouses, billiard tables,
i brewers bookbinder*, candy-makers, canners.
5,' floor mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
Sangers printers, painters, shoe factories.
BUiblemen. t»r-roofer». tanner*, tailors, etc.
! .tablemen. BUCHANAN OS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
DR.PIERCrS
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
■ FOR THE
| BLOOP.ILBVER. LUNGS;
1.. ;— ; : -
.«^4(*l^&3fi!£i'«.»i.ar Bis Bl» « non-poisonon*
J< >^Map^^^ l 'nfcii fm rem«dy for Gonorrhoea,
%sSS?y'cpniS& 'S&A » : le<t. Spermatorrhoea,
ffJßPin 1 tosfi»yi.>6l Whites, unnatural <ji*.
SrHf Gcir»ntc-J tb c)iari{cri. or any infl-»rnrna-
£•£]■ not to etrloiare. tioD, irritation or uircra-
jpi <^?rcTeaU eonucion. tioo of mucous meat-
! fg»irH£EYAN3CHEmnHCa brines. Non-Mtrlngeat.
\ils& CINCINNATI.O —W * old by »r«sar*»ta,
■MS& n " « TtSf cr sent la plain wrapper,
.^BSWkw ' J*OVA 1 «pres», prepaid, lot
VUs^a^B Jl.OO. or 3 bottloa, »2.75.
V^9P%v' B Cixcuior teat on raoaMlj
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THQ
(real Mexican remedy; gives health and
1 ] itr»n«tb to aesual organ*. Depot, 'Ui Marlub. .BOERS CONCENTRATING
ON BRITISH BORDERS
Most Warlike Debate in the First Raad in
Which President Kruger Takes a
Prominent Part.
NEWCASTLE, NATAL. SOUTH AFRICA.
This town Is situated on the banks of the Vaal River, the boundary line between Natal and the Transvaal. Here
Is located the only bridge crossing the Vaal, and It is considered a place of much strategical importance. Newcastle
is probably thp first point the Boers will attack Ln case of war. The picture is from a sketch made several years
sinca by J. Harrington, the artist, of this city.
LONDON, Sept. B.— special dis
patch to the Morning Post from
Pletermaritzburg says that the
800 Boers who left Pretoria for
Standerton, about fifty miles
from the frontier, pushed on to Vols
rust, close to the Natal border, where
they are now encamped.
The same correspondent says that the
arrangements for the defense of New
castle, in Natal, south of Laings Neck,
are now practically complete. He adds:
"The Governor of Natal informs me
that the Boers of Utrecht and Vryheid
have been suddenly recalled to the high
veldt. They were compelled to leave
their cattle behind them, but they took
children of the natives as hostages."
The Times, commenting editorially
upon the Transvaal's demand for an
explanation of the presence of British
troops on the border, says: "Such a
demand as the Transvaal has addressed
to its suzerain is probably without pre
cedent, except as an act of defiance.
Ignorant of diplomatic usages as the
Boers may be, thny could hardly have
taken this step unless they wished to
dare us to a trial of strength. If the
Transvaal now withdraws from an un- I
tenable position the future cannot be j
mined on the same terms as were
proposed at the Bloemfontein confer
ence. The Government would now be
Justified in annulling its previous of
fers."
DEBATING BOERS
DEFY GREAT BRITAIN
PRETORIA. Sept. 7.— There was
great excitement in the First Raad to
day on Mr. Coetzer's interpellation of
the Government regarding the presence
of British troops on the borders and the
stoppage of ammunition consigned to
the Transvaal.
President Kruger, the members of the
Executive Council and most of the prin
cipal officials were present, together
with a large representation- of the gen
eral public, including many ladies.
At the outset the chairman and
President urged the members to pre
serve calmness and to avoid insulting
language.
The Swite Secretary, F. W. Reltz,
paid he had called the previous day on
the British diplomatic agent, Conyng
ham Greene, and had asked him what
reply the Government would give in
th/> Volksraad regarding the alleged
massing of British troops on the bor
ders, and whether Mr. Green would
communicate with the British High
.L NOTE
<v^r'- ; rip 1
Q^-. \'J^ rlUi li
■*wf ' LSSk.' : ''. LOCATES
*' m!BPS's\»lsbhL.
V,// H^ Weak hearts
y-fijfcj !JBBnßKn3flEyßk *'"*■ as num'-r-
-|yf ous a " weak
HbMBBVSIJIHB^H' * ' ° m a ° h R
Co nllig'nriiMroTMw scarcely " a day
mi?P|SVSbx y-urcely a day
' KSEsfifltes £2&\!£li that wo do r : " 1
• gSM BS.ffltigj BbSse I read In our
|HQBk daily f'upf^r of
I . |nHW9B|MP^^P\ some promi-
l^Hlß'* Vj n '" nt person
iihni^f ' AjjJ having sue-
SflSfX V» | l * i umh «> d to
mSkSkA (I <^ heart disease.
iS&Ea^J L & If your heart
SBS^^^i~' — *" fl i'ters. palpl-
-J>'&-^~ tHt»*P. Or £i^
ST . evidence o f
P-"*"*"" growing
weakness. be-
pin treatment at once. HUDYAX will cure.
HT-'DYAN strengthens the heart* action.
HUDYAN rebuilds the broken-down heart
structure.
Do you suffer with irregular fluttering of
heart (Fig. 1)? Choking rensation (Fig. 2)?
riushing of face upon slight exertion (Fig. 3)?
Kinging in ears and throbbing pain in head
dig. 4)? Weakness In limbs (Fig. 5)? Cold
Lands and feet (Fig. 6)? Pain in left side
(Fig. 7)? These symptoms all tell you of heart
weakness. Aealn. you may notice an irregular
pulse, oppressed feeling In chest, dizzy spells,
or tendency to faint. .
HUDYAN correct* all the foregoing symp-
toms. Since the discovery of this valuable
remedy fatalities as a result of heart failure
have been less' frequent. HUDYAN Is for men
and women, and cures permanently.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— soe a
package, or six package* for $2 60. • •
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
Bend direct to the
KUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS— FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
X CAPE TOWN, Sept. 7 ♦
* (midnight). — The Boers, it ♦
+ is stated positively, are con- f
+ centrating on the border. f
-*. ♦
Commissioner, Sir Alfred Milner. The
reply from Mr. Greene, ho continued,
had been received this morning and
i was In the following terms:
Dear Mr. Reitz: The following if Sir
Alfred Milner's reply to the telegram
which I Bent him at your request:
"J dc. not know to what Mr. Kpitz re
fprs when be alludes to the massing of
troops. This must be the British troops
in South Africa, the position and numbers
of which are no secret, but it is a matter
of i ommon knowledge that they are here
In order to protect British Interests and to
■ make provision against eventualities."
Mr. Coetzer and other members then
made violent speeches, declaring that
they could not understand Sir Alfred
Milner's reply since the Transvaal had
I never threatened the English colonies.
"It is time," exclaimed Mr. Coetzer,
: "for the Transvaal also to prepare for
i eventualities."
One member said: "England's action
! is like putting a revolver in a man's
i face."
Another concluded a warlike ha
rangue in this strain: "It is time to
send our burghers to the borders to ask
these troops what they want. The fire
is bound to start. So let them light it
i and allow it to burn out quickly. War
| is better than the present state of af
i fairs. Business is ruined and the pub-
I lie treasury Is drying up. Chamber
: lain is trying to ruin the country."
These speeches and others attacking
| Cecil Rhodes were loudly applauded by
the house and by the public.
The debate continued throughout the
afternoon.
Mr. Tosen, who declared that Sir
Alfred Milner's reply was tantamount
to a declaration of war, read a telegram
from the field cornet of the Pietreitlef
district stating that the people there
would rise in rebellion if President
Kruger went to another conference.
The chairman called Mr. Tosen to or
d<=-r for saying that the Jameson raid
ers ought to have been hanged.
J. M. M. "Walmarans, one of the non
official members of the Executive Coun
cil, counseled prudence and caution. He
said It would be wise for the Raad to
decide whether the republic should con
cede further negotiation or not.
In the course of the debate Mr. Dutolt
insinuated that Mr. Chamberlain was
intoxicated on the occasion of his re
cent famous "garden party speech" at
Highbury, his Birmingham residence,
and he added that if Mr. Chamberlain
continued to act as he had been actinc
the Transvaal would give him "Mauser
pi Pp." which would be a good purga
tive. He urged the house not to b«
frightened by the show of sending out
British troops, remarking that Mr.
Chamberlain must remember that
when a war had once started he would
have to fight the whole of Afrikander
dom.
The chairman remonstrated with Mr.
Dutoit. observing that he thought the
members had gone too far.
Mr. Toscn ask^d whether the Gov
ernment considered Pir Alfred Milner's
telegram a declaration of war.
Mr. Wolmarans replied that person
ally he did not think so, adding that
the telegram was a? inexplicable to the
Executive as to the Raad.
Sutisfquently Mr. Woimarans told
the Chamber that President SU>yn of
thf> Orange Free State has said that
Portugal must be called to account for
stopping the passage of ammunition.
President Kruger, who was greeted
with loud cheers, began his speech by
paying that might was not right, but
thut right was might and he knew the
Lord ruled and was righteous and
would give a good judgment.
President Kruger Bald: "The aliens
have been offered equal rights with the
l.urghers, but have refused them. Mr.
Chamberlain is striving to get the
franchise, which tho outlanders do not
want, but what he really desires is
possession of the Transvaal. The
burghers are willing to concede much ;
for the sake of peace, but will never
sacrifice thoir Independence."
After eulogizing Mr. Gladstone's ac
tion nf retrocession in 1881 as a noble
deed, President Kruger said that if it
now came to fighting the Almighty
would be the arbiter. He urged the
members of the Raad to show modera- |
tinn, reminding them that the reply
from Mr. Chamberlain was en route,
and pointing out that if the proposal
for a commission were agreed to, the
republic would send delegates to
further discuss matters, and, if possi
ble, to make peace.
The speeches following the Presi
dent's were more moderate in tone and
the Raad rose without passing any
resolution.
LONDON, Sept. B.— The Johannes
burg correspondent of the Times says:
As showing the mental attitude of the
Boers, I Quote the remark of an in
fluential Government official, sup
posed to be an enlightened man, whose
name, If disclosed, would cause sur
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. 1899.
prise. "Don't worry," he said, ""We've
licked the English twice already and
we will give them such a flogging this
time as they never got."
TROOPS READY TO
TAKE THE FIELD
BLOEMFOXT^IN, Orange Free
State, Sept. ".—lt is understood that all
the Transvaal artillery has been railed
out and that the burghers have been
notified to be ready. The latest reply
of the Transvaal to Great Britain is
regarded as marking the disappearance
of the last hope of peace.
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 7.— A large meet
ing of the colored residents of this
place, held last night, passed resolu
tions expressing confidence in Sir Al
fred Milner, the Governor of Cape Col
ony, and "sympathy for our brethren
in the Transvaal, who are denied all
rights."
JOHANNESBURG, Sept. ".—The
Burgomaster announces that the Gov
ernment will help the municipality to
continue its preparations for hostilities.
Grocers generally have advanced
prices 10 to 15 per cent here, and sup
plies from the coast are anxiously
awaited.
SIMLA, Sept. 7.— Three regiments of
cavalry, four regiments of infantry and
three batteries of field artillery have
been formally warned to be prepared
to leave their stations in India at the
shortest notice for service in South
Africa. The hospital corps has re
ceived similar notices.
FORCE FOR SERVICE
IN SOUTH AFRICA
ALDERSHOT, England. Sept. 7.—
The Aldershot News issues what it
claims to be an authoritative state
ment of the composition of the home
force for service in South Africa in the
event of war. This force consists of
two cavalry brigades and six infantry
brigades, the latter including four bat
talions of the guards and one Irish and
one Highland brigade. All the troops
indicated are not at or near Aldershot.
The force would have a national char
acter and would mobilize here under
the command of Sir Redvers Buller
LONDON, Sept. 7.— The Daily Mail
publishes the following from Johannes
burg. It is reliably reported from Pre
toria that a special military train with
a body of armed men was dispatched
to the Natal border on Tuesday night,
with an equipment of several heavy
field guns and a quantity of ammuni
tion.
EFFORTS TO INDUCE
EAGAN TO RETIRE
Friends of His Possible Successor
Seeks in Vain to Get the General
Out of the Way.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Earnest ef
forts have been made without success to
get Commissary General Eagan to make
application for retirement. General Eagan
Is now a resident of Hawaii, where he
has a large plantation, but Is on a visit
to New York. He was suspended with
full pay until retirement, and his reason
for refusing to apply to go on the retired
list is believed to be the loss of money
he would suffer. Under the law he would
have to retire on three-fourth pay, which
would amount to $4125 per year, instead
of $5500, so that he would lose $6875 in the
five years remaining to him on the active
list.
Friends of Colonel John F. Weston, act
ing commissary general of subsistence,
have been endelavoring to get Eagan's
consent to retirement. I have been told
they have shown their willingness to
make up the amount the former commis
sary general would lose by making formal
application for retirement. General
Eagan has declined, however,-- and from
present indications proposes to block the
way of Colonel Weston. The President
deeply regrets now that he did not take
action before suspending General Eagan.
which would insure an application from
that officer for retirement. As it Is now
Colonel Weston is performing the duties
Og commissary general and receiving pay
and emoluments of a colonel of subsis
tence in the department. In other words
lie is serving General Eagan's sentence.
The President Is helpless, however, and
General Eagan can only be retired when
he reaches the age of 62 years or upon his
own application.
AFFAIRS IN VENEZUELA
ARE QUIETING DOWN
Nevertheless the Department Will
Not Cancel the Order Sending
the Detroit to La Guayra.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 7. -Official ad
vices received from Caracas indicate that
the condition of affairs in Venezuela is not
so disturbing: as the private information
received yesterday indicated.
It Ik stated positively in the message
received to-day that matters looked more
encouraging for the Governn^nt. This,
however, has caused no change in the de
partment's intention to order the Detroit
to La Guayra, and it is expected that she
will sail from Philadelphia for that port.
DEWEY IS
GRADUALLY
IMPROVING
Admiral Expects to Be
Entirely Recovered
Before His Arrival.
/GIBRALTAR, Sept. ?.—Ad
(j- miral Dewey to-day visited
the garrison library and
lunched with the United States
Consul. His health is gradually
improving, and he believes he will
be entirely recovered before his ar
rival in New York harbor.
REBELS ARE DRIVEN
OUT OF SAN RAFAEL
MANILA, Sept. 7.— Captain Butler, with
three' companies of the Third Infan
: try, a detachment of cavalry and one gun,
\ while upon a reconnolssance, met a body
:of rebels yesterday at San Rafael. The
1 Americans scattered the enemy and cap-
I tured seven prisoners, five rifles and -300
! rounds of ammunition. They also de
. stroyed the rice stored in seven ware
houses.
I The rebels are supposed to belong to the
i command of General Plo del Pilar, who,
i with his main force, retreated to the
north. The reconnoissanse will be con
tinued, following the rebels toward
Maasin.
The United States transport Newport
1 will convey to the United States the
1 Eighteenth and last company of the Sig
; nal Corps Volunteers.the Nevada Cavalry
: and various discharged soldiers.
ADVANCE TO ANGELES
A POLITICAL MOVE
MANILA. Sept. 3 (via Hongkong, Sept.
7).— lt is the general opinion among offi
cers that the recent advance from San
Fernando north to Angeles was entirely
: due to political pressure in the United i
1 States. They all agree that it was de- i
termincd upon in order to offset the effect ,
produced by the newspaper correspond
ent^' mund robin. 1' is believed that Otis
has not enough men to spare to hold the ;
i positions safely.
' There are five miles of unguarded rali- j
road line between Calulet and Angeles,:
■ and the rebels were able to descend upon ;
this and tear it up for three miles. The
I road was very poorly built, and it has
j taken three weeks to repair it.
Owing to a lack of steam lighters to un- ;
I load them transports have to lie In Manila j
i Bay a long time, and the delay costs j
more than ?I'x»' a day. Merchant vessels
unload very rapidly, as thc-y use cafcos, |
but that is'not the case with Government!
shipping.
NEW OFFICERS OF OREGON
NAVIGATION COMPANY
Only Three Changes Are Made in
the Board of Di
rectors.
PORTLAND. Sept. 7.— The annual
meeting fit the stockholders of the Oregon '
Railroad and Navigation Company was !
held in this city this afternoon. The fol- I
lowing board of directors was elected: E. !
H. Harriman. E. H. Bull, H. W. Cannon, ,
A. L. Mohler, H. W. Corbett, H. W.
Scott, Miles C. Moore, W. M. I. add, \V. B.
Aver. A. L. Mills. Mortimer L. ' Schiff,
"Winslow S. Pierce and W. D. Cornish.
The only changes in the board were the
substitution of S'cJiiff. Pierce and Cornish
for C. S. Mellon. D. S. Lamont and Samuel
Carr. who represented the interests of the
Northern Pacific in the directorate.
Mr. Schiff is a son of Jacob Schiff. from I
New York; Mr. Pierce is general counsel
for the Union Pacific, and Mr. Cornish is ,
president of the Oregon Short Line and
vice president of the Union Pacific. E. H. i
Harriman was elected chairman of the j
board of directors. ...
Officers of the company elected by the i
board of directors were: A. L. Mohler,
president; W. W. Cotton, secretary: E. •
S. Benson, general auditor; G. E. With
lngton. assistant treasurer: Charles Bea
m?n, counsel, and W. W. Cotton, general
attorney. -: '"■
A new executive board was chosen, com
posed of Messrs. Harrimnn. Cornish,
Pierce. Schiff. Bull and Cannon.
E. H. Harriman is now chairman of the
board of directors of the Union Pacific.
Orrgon Short Line and Oregon Railroad
and Navigation Company.
* —
AMERICAN JOCKEYS WIN.
Reiff, Sloan and Martm Successful In '
England.
LONDOX. Sept. 7.— At the third day of'
the Doncaster September mo, ting to-day i
the rarp for the Alexandria plate,
a handicap of 500 sovereigns for 3-year- j
olds and upward, resulted In a dead heat ;
for first place between Sir J. Miller's j
3-year-old brown gelding Bishops wood,
ridden by J. Reif, and Mr. Toddy's 5-year- j
old T'ncie Mar-. I^ord Rosohery's chest
nut filly Mauchline was third.
The face for the Portland plate for 500 ;
sovereigns added to a handicap swof-p-
Stakes of ten sovereigns each, five soy- !
pr<*igns forfeit, for 3-year-o]ds and up- ]
ward, was won by C. A. Mill's bay filly I
Mazeppa. Lord William TWesford's 4- j
ypar-old bay colt Elfin, with Sloan up, <
was unplaced. Ten horses ran. Betting ,
was 2 to 1 against Elfin.
In the race for the Scarborough stakes.
200 sovereigns. Lord William Rprosf.inVs
bay filly Sibola. ridden by Sloan, beat T.
Jennings' Gamecock.
The race for the Rouse platf of 500 sov
ereigns for 2-year-olds was won by Sir
Wallle Griffith's bay filly Vain Duchess, i
ridden by "Skeets" Martin. T-r.rd William I
Beresford's Luetitia, on which Sloan had I
thp mount, was second and J. Gobbin's i
Galteo Queen third.
TURKISH SPY CAUGHT.
Man Arrested in Cincinnati Engaged
on a Secret Mission.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 7.— A. F. Dahoring.
who claims to be a representative of the
Turkish Government, was arraigned in
court to-day on the charge of renting
tvpowriters and selling them. While
claiming to be the Syrian Consul here.
Dahoring has quarreled with the local
Syrian colony, and the Ottoman Consul
General at Washington is expected here to
settle the <»se.
Since the arrest of Dahoring the police
have discovered letters and telegrams
showing that Dahoring wan doing a land
office business in shipping goods. The
police do not stnte what they found in the
rooms of Dahoring. but they indicate that
the probationer is acting as a spy for the
Ottoman Government, with his efforts
directed against some secret society in
New York.
YOUNG JACKSON LOSES.
Jim Trimble Gets the Decision Over
the Colored Man.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 7.-Jim Trimblf
of Los Angeles got a decision over Young
Peter Jackson, (colored) of San Francisco
at the end of a twenty-round boxing
contest before the L(M Angeles Athletic
Club to-night. The men fought at 156
pounds. The San Francisco man was the
aggressor at the start and in the
third round had Trimble on the
go. From that on to the twelfth
round Jackson seemed to have the better
of it. but Trimble rallied and finished the
colorea man in the last few rounds with
punches over the heart.
Jim Ryan of Cincinnati challenged the
winner. He recently fought a draw with
Jackson.
Costello Vindicated.
COVELO. Sept. 7.— An inquest was held
to-day on the body of Valentine Costello,
who was killed by his brother Matias.
The jury rendered a verdict or accidental
death. _
I IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
% I Oom Paul tells the story
of his life.
DREYFUS' FATE WILL BE
DECIDED NEXT MONDAY.
France Taking Extraordinary Precautions to
Prevent Outbreaks After the Verdict of
the Court-Martial Is Announced.
RENNES, Sept. 7.— To-day came ]
the beginning of the end of the
Dreyfus trial. With the speech
of the Government commissary, j
Major Carriere, the case entered !
upon the final stage of pleadings and
the verdict will be delivered on Mon
day. There is even talk to-night of the
trial ending to-morrow by holding an
extra afternoon session for M. Labori's
speech and the deliberation of the
judges. This, however, is considered
unlikely, as the Government is anxious
to have the judgment withheld over
Sunday in order to avert demonstra
tions which would probably involve
bloodshed on a day where the workmen
are free.
The Government Is not only fearful
regarding Rennes, but is particularly
fearful regarding Paris and other large
towns where passions have been heated
and the verdict, whichever way it is
given, is practically certain to give rise
to trouble. It is understood that the
Government has intimated its desire to
the president of the court-martial
Colonel Jouaust, and there is no reason
to believe that he will not fall in with
Its views.
Colonel Jouaust this morning took
the most important decision yet taken
and took it entirely upon his own re
sponsibility, although he is undoubted
ly only the mouthpiece of the whole
body of judges. His decision to ex
clude the testimony of Colonel
Schwarzkoppen and Major Panizzardi
was most significant, as it meant that
the court had already reached a conclu
sion and that the pleadings of counsel
were merely a waste of time and might
be dispensed with if they were not a
necessity-
The court has made up its mind, but
which way? This is the view point and
forms the sole topic of discussion. Both
sides are equally confident that the
court will decide in accordance with
their views.
The Dreyfusards declare that the
judges cannot condemn Captain Drey
fus after rejecting the decisive evidence
which Colonel Schwarzkoppen and
Panizzardi would have given in his
favor.
The anti-Dreyfusards. on the other
hand, explain to-day's rulings on the
ground that the judges recognize that
the evidence of the two military at
taches would be worthless, because
they would be morally bound to save
their agent at any cost.
A sample of this reason was given
by an anti-Dreyfusard journalist, who
when praising Colonel Jouaust's de
cision, explained: "What weight could
he attach to the testimony of Schwarz
koppen and Panizzardi? The receiver
of stolen goods must shield the thief as
much as he can."
From the popular point of view the
scene in court when Colonel Jouaust
delivers the judgment will be divested
of its most sensational feature, owing
to the absence of the central figure.
Captain Dreyfus will be taken to an
adjacent room when the judges retire
to consider their verdict. A moment
before they are to re-enter a bell will
be rung and as they take their places
behind the long table on the stage the
infantry guard will present arms and
remain at present arms while Colonel
Jouaust, standing in the center of the
platform, reads the verdict.
Captain Dreyfus will not be brought
back to the courtroom and will not be
present at the meeting of the judges,
but when the courtroom has been
cleared by the gendarmes, which will be
done as soon as Colonel Jouaust con
cludes, the reading clerk of the court
will proceed to the room where Dreyfus
will be waiting and read to him the
verdict in the presence of a couple of
gendarmes.
The public will thus be robbed of the
spectacle of his emotions, which are
bound to be most profound, whether
the decree sends him to the arms of his
family or back to the penal settlement.
The verdict may be a condemnation,
an unequivocal acquittal or a form of
acquittal that would be equivalent to
the Scotch verdict "not proven." The
last will be the case if the judges
should pronounce against him by a
vote of four to three. That is. he would
be freed, even though the judges in his
favor should be in the minority. But
this, naturally, would be very unsatis
factory, as he would bear the stigma
for the rest of his days.
Captain Dreyfus thus has five
chances against the prosecution's
three. Unanimity, six to one. five to
two, four to three or three to four will
set him at liberty, while unanimity, six
to one or five to two will convict him.
If convicted, the judgment will be car
ried to the military court of appeals.
which will be n formal matter. The
special court will only quash the in
dictment and order a retrial if it should
be established the present court-mar
tial has erred in a matter of procedure.
This is in the highest degree improb
able. The Court of Cassation will have
also the right to order a retrial if it
should decide that the court-martial
has deviated from its instructions.
Thi-s is the only loophole for Dreyfus,
and his friends will undoubtedly fight
this point tooth and nail.
Extraordinary measures have been
taken to spirit Dreyfus away, whether
acquitted or recondemned. His de
parture from Rennes will be enveloped
in the same mystery as was his arrival.
CARRIERE DEMANDS
DREYFUS' CONVICTION
RENN'ES, Sept. 7.— At the opening this
morning of the fourth day of_the fifth
week of the second trial by court-mar
tial of Captain Alfred Dreyfus of the ar
tillery, charged with treason, M. Labori,
leadng counsel for the defense, an
nounced that he had received a semi-offi
cial intimation that Colonel Schwarzkop
pen. the former German military attache
at Paris, and Major Panizzardi, the for
mer Italian military attache at Paris
would be unable to appear personally be
fore the court. Counsel, therefore, pro-
posed that a rogatory commission should
be telegraphed to receive the depositions.
M. Paleologue of the French Foreign Of
fice and Major Carriere did not oppose M.
Labori's application.
After M. Labori had submitted his ap
plication the Chief of Detectives, M.
Cochefort. deposed favorably regarding
the attitude of Dreyfus when Colonel dv
Paty de Clam dictated the bordereau to
him.
The clerk of the court read a letter
from Captain Humbert to the effect that
Dreyfus had expressed a keen desire in
1894 to enter the statistical section of the
office, and saying that he met Dreyfus
once carrying some voluminous packets of
4- LON-ON, Sept. 7.— Esterhazy 4
+ has rewritten a portion of the 4
-- bordereau for Black and White. 4
♦ The editor makes the following 4
♦ announcement: "Telegrams from 4
4- Rennes say an English journal- 4
4- ist named Gibbon has arrived 4
+ there with a copy of the border- 4
4- eau written by Esterhazy and 4
♦ with declarations of Esterhazy. 4
4- sworn to before a commissioner 4
4- of oaths. Mr. Gibbon, sub-edi- 4
+ tor of Black and White, was sent 4
+ by the editor to Rennes, carry- 4
+ ing to Maitre Labori photo- 4
4 graphs of a copy of the part of 4
♦ the bordereau written by Ester- 4
-f Jiazy on Saturday last. This new 4
♦ document is to be published by 4
♦ Black and White to-morrow, and 4
4- forms final and absolute proof of 4
4- Dreyfus' innocence as far as the 4
+ bordereau is concerned. The 4
4- declarations referred to are not 4
4- made by Esterhazy, but by W. 4
4- B. Northrop, who acted as inter- 4
4- mediary between the editor and 4
4- Esterhazy." 4
♦ ♦
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■t
maps and documents, and remarked that
he was acting very imprudently.
General Mercier came to the bar and
said that he felt the deposition of Cap
tain Freystaetter was bound to have pro
duced considerable Impression on the
minds of the Judges. He spoke of the at
tacks made on him since the captain had
testified, saying the Dreyfusard press
had been calling him a fake witness, etc.
The general declared that he gave an or
der in 1594 that nothing should be done
with the various translations of the Pan
izzardi dispatch, adding that he himself
was present when the packet of secret
papers for the court-martial was made
up, and it did not contain the Panizzardt
dispatch. He had since questioned the
Judges of the court-martial on the sub
ject, but none of them was prepared to
swear that the dispatch was not sub
mitted to them, because their recollec
tions now were rather vague.
This statement of General Mercier
evoked a chorus of disgusted "Ohs!"
fmm the audience.
The court then retired to deliberate on
M. I^abori's application, and its probable
decision was eagerly discussed. Every
one in court stood up when the Judges re
turned, after deliberating a quarter of an
hour. Colonel Jouaust gave the order.
"Present arms," to the guard of soldiers
at the bottom of the hall, while he, stand
ing, and with the other Judges standing
on either side of him. read the announcp
ment that the Judges had unanimously
decided that the president. Colonel Jou
aust. was competent to order a rogatory
commission and that the judges as a b<>c!y.
according to the military code, were not
competent to do so.
M. T,abori thereupon asked Colonel Jou
aust if he still maintained his refusal to
appoint the commission, the colonel hav
ing said, when M. Labori submitted his
conclusions, that he was opposed to the
application.
Colonel Jouaust replied "Yes, and the
evidence of Colonel Schwarzkoppen and
\Xi Before our "Yeargood" clothing leaves y
our workrooms it is subjected to a careful y
"yS test for any imperfections that might not 7
j\ have come to view in the making — the /^
$As buttons, the linings, the seams, the but- "V
/C tonhdes, the pockets and all are properly J
"V passed upon. After this is done the . 'S v
/ \ clothes are ready to be sold and bear our /
s\ "Yeargood" guarantee. V-
,^S The guarantee protects you against A.
; any imperfection that might not have been rsJ \
j*r~j seen during the testing.
. » S# But you may know that there are *3
- fIW? small chances of imperfections ;we thor- V» (^v
fF^^m^ oughly protect ourselves against these be- /^JSk)
gjgpg^cause we say : C^^
)^^ Money returned if you want it. j&>&
>* /? Our reason for such care is readily seen. /X
fy All our "Yeargood" clothing is kept in ,{Q^
■vyf repair free for one year. /
• \ You will find suits and overcoats among J
TV our "Yeargood" clothing from $12.50 to \
\) $25.00, in all cloths, makes and styles. x"
/. Wear "Yeargood" clothing and you V,
"X are protected. -J /
f\ Reefer Top Coats for Boys. V
V Ages 3 to 8; material, freize and nig-
gerhead; values, $4, $5 and $6.50.; sell- !\\
"V J°g P f i ce f° r a short time, ',
. ?ing price for a short time, \
$3.85. \
J ' With ever if purchase of Si. 00 or \
L~ more we give free an Bxlo photograph \J/
-X, of the returning California Volunteers \
\/ marching up Market street. X^
/"? ' X
Cy /^^r* ■■■ rfSSX v
■- Ms.N.wooDeco^) t
•\ X2i^/ "718 MARKET 5T " N^loSX l\
V^ Out-of-town orders filled. Write us.
Major Panizzardi with regard to their
relations with Dreyfus was thus excluded.
After the decision of the court refusing
to examine the attaches by commission
had been delivered reports relating to
the experts' examination of the papers of
I the bordereau were read.
Major Carriere was called upon to de-
I liver the final speech for the prosecution,
; which only lasted an hour and a quarter,
' and which was generally characterized
: as one of the weakest orations ever heard
iin a court. He said he considered it to
ibe established that Dreyfus wrote the
j bordereau, though the phrase concerning 1
'■ the convoying of troops was very sig
nificant. He pointed out that Dreyfus
could have obtained the information with
little trouble. Major Carrier? argued that
Esterhazy could not say in August that
he was going to the maneuvers, while
I 'reyfus could have thought so up to Au
j gust 28.
"My belief in the innocence of Dreyfus."
! said Major Carriere in conclusion, "has
i been tiat.pformed into a conviction of his
guilt, which has been strengthened by
the testimony of the witnesses of the
prosecution. " To-day I come to tell
you on my soul and conscience that Drey
fus is puilty and to ask for the application
i of Article 76 of the Penal Code."
All the generals and other officers who
were seated in the witness chairs left the
; courtroom just before the Government
■ commissary closed, in accordance with
■ orders of the Minister of War, General
: Gallifet, to leave Rennes within two hours
> after the pleading had begun. There was
an interesting scene in the courtyard of
the Lycee. where the officers took leave of
' each other. They appeared to be in good
j spirits.
M. Demange, of counsel for defense,
! will probably occupy the whole of to
! morrow in his speech for the defense and
IM. I>abori will speak on Saturday. The
verdict will be rendered Monday "because
! the police are opposed to the announce
! ment of the verdict on Saturday if It
were possible to do so, on the ground that
it would be likely to lead to trouble on
Sunday.
"When Major Carriere had concluded.
Colonel Jouaust ordered the adjournment
I of the court. Dreyfus rose quickly and
apparently not dejected.
As the prisoner was passing counsel's
tahlp M. Labori stopped him and
■ whispered "Courage." Dreyfus smiled
i and nodded and as he proceeded M.
: Jaures. the Socialist leader, and some of
i the others seated on the benches before
; which Dreyfus passed, repeated M. La
bori's word of encouragement.
The most elaborated police measures
will be taken during the last days of the
trial. Eight gendarmes will be distributed
lin the courtroom. Twenty gendarmes and
• a detachment of infantry will be stationed
'in the courtyard, lines of tronps and
gendarmes In the vicinity of the Lycee
will be tripled and placed further back.
; detachments of gendarme? will be posted
on the squares and bridges of the town
■ and mounted gendarmes will patrol the
streets. The garrisons of neighboring
towns will be held in readiness to be dls
i patched here at a moments notice. If
; a cry is raised or a threatening gesture
made by any one in the audience before or
; after the verdict the offender will be ar
; rested and taken before the president of
I the court. Colonel Jouaust. and will then
; be sentenced to punishment, the minimum
i penalty being two years in prison.
Henry Sweitzer in Trouble.
WOODLAND, Sept. 7.— Henry Sweitzer,
son of a prominent resident of Capay Val
ley, has been held for trial before the Su
perior Court upon a charge of seduction,
the complaining witness being Miss Fan
nie Stowe of Guinda. Sweitzer was re
leased on bail.
34
TENNlS— Monterey.
RA ClNG— Sacramen to.
CHAMBERLAIN
HERE TO COACH
THE "CARDINAL",
The Celebrated , Yale Football
Captain Will Endeavor to Re
verse Last Year's Score.
Burr Chamberlain, the noted captain of
the Yale football team, arrived in this city
yesterday. He comes to coach the Stan
ford University eleven in an effort to wipe
out their defeat of last year by the sturdy
young men of the University of California
team. As there was considerable uncer
tainty as to the time of Chamberlain's
arrival there was no formal reception In
this city, that being reserved for his first
appearance at the university grounds
yesterday afternoon. . •
A number of Stanford men went up the
road to meet him. In the party were
Football Manager Berry, Captain Chester
Murphy, ex-Captain Ficnert and ex-Man
ager Switzer, now Corporal Switxer of the
First California Regiment. After a brief
rest in this city the party went to Palo
Alto.
Three hundred students met the new
coach at Palo Alto and followed his car
riage to Bncina Hall, where an impromptu
recption w;u> held. In his remarks to the
students Mr. Chamberlain assured them '
ho "ould do all In his power to reverse |
the football score of last Thanksgiving I
day. and warned them lest they become j
accustomed to defeat. He ha mapped
out no plan of campaign yet.
Captain Murphy, ex-Captain Fickert
and Football Manager Berry were also
called upon for speeches. When Fickert !
expressed hie belief that Chamberlain i
would turn out another "28 to 0" team the
enthusiasm of the students could not be i
restrained.
No active football work will be done
this week, as a few days' rest have been
allowed the coach while the gridiron is
being put in shape. Monday or Tuesday
everything will be in readiness for the |
men to don their suits and commence the
light practice of punting and falling on the
ball. Chamberlain is an ardent golfer and
brought all the implements necessary for '
the game with him.
FAST YACHTS WILL RACE.
Thirty-Footers Will Have, a Stirring;
Contest for Supremacy in the
Annual Reg-atta.
The list of entries for the. Pacific Inter
club Yacht Association regatta this year
Is somewhat smaller than last year, there
being only twenty in all. These are di
vided as follows: Four in the 20
foot special class, generally called the
"Mosquito Fleet"; two In the 25
foot class; seven In the 30-foot class;
five in the 36-foot class and two
in the 44-foot class. There being
no special class for yawls it was an
nounced that they would receive the regu
lar 10 per cent allowance for rig in their
classes, but none have entered. By clubs
the entries are divided as follows: Four
teen from the Corinthian, four from the
California and two from the Encinal. The
racing numbers. Balling length, owner's
name and club of the yachts entered in
the five classes a re as follows:
TWENTY-FOOT SPECIAL CLASS.
c |-5 ' 9
5-
YACHT. k£ Owner.
• YACHT. n^ Owner. :
? ; ill
rls 15.89(A. Page 'Cor.
2i: Doris ;i5.S9 A. Page Cor.
44iMIer ; A: D. Harrison... Enc.
49|Klltlwake 15.21 G. Wellington lor.
"OJPetrel '15.60 J. E. McCu!!och..;Enc. J
TWENTY-F1 X IT CLASS.
62jMerope 23.24 P. W. Humdall... Cor.
71|Phoenicia ,22.34 J. S. Hansen 'Cor.
THIRTY-FOOT LASS
'?S!U ar.d I |26.72<Q. F. Gaither !Cal.
?7;Truant 27.681J. W. Pew. 'Cor.
12f.lp.ir,s Souci 28.091M. E. Gorter Cor.
2!Aeolus 23.23 C. Westerfeld ■ tor.
24 Mignon <2S.4"Paul Blber Cor.
4IAmlgo 28.50JJ. M Matt |Cor.
124, Presto |2S.65 stone & Swanson.jCor.
THIRTY-SIX '• M IT CLASS.
irrler ICal.
126!Jessle E I3L19[J. Carrier ICal.
STiFre.ia 31.40 A J. Lyons Cor.
2.' Emma 32.92 C. <J. Taylor !Cor.
2SiEmbla 134.37'E. X. Walter ;Cal.
28|Edna 31.42;E. F. Sagar [Cor.
FORTY-FOUR-FOOT CLASS.
RP'Speedwell 136.32|E. Donohoe iCor.
26|Ella IS. 90 F. F. Ames JCor.
Note— Cor., Corinthian; Enc, Encinal; Cal.,
California, «
The measurements of the yachts Emma
and Freda as given are approximate. The
sloops will he measured.
The only classes In which there will be
any serious contest are the thirty-foot
and thirty-six-foot. In the thirty-foot
class the sloop Aeolus will meet her old
rival, J. W. Pew's Truant. Stone's new
boat Presto and M. E. Gorter's Sans
Souci. • The last two are as yet untried in
racing, but have given evidence of speed
in rials. Their performances will be
watched with much Interest. Commodore
"Westerfeld has reduced the racing length
of his yacht somewhat since last year's
Interclub regatta, when her measure
ment was 28 v.; feet. Ex-Commodore J. W.
Pew has made a still greater reduction in
the measurement of the Truant, om 29.24
feet to 27.66 feet.
The times of starting are as follows:
Twenty-foot special class, or "Mosquito
Fleet." at 12 noon; 25-foot class, at 12:10 p.
m.; 30-foot class at 12:20 p. m.; 36-foot
« lass at 12:30 p. m., and 44-foot class at
12:40 p. m.
■ ♦ »
Stocking the Mokelumne.
ANGELS CAMP, Sept. 7.— A large strck
of trout, consisting of about 2KK). were
n the tributaries of the fcfokel
umne River, near West Point and Mokel
umne Hill, this county, last Tuesday v>y
r. \V. -iftchell and Frank Treat of " San
Andr.-:i!-. These fish were sent here by
Commission for the purpose >>t
Hocking tho streams and will be protect
ed. A short time ago about 2500 were llb
lt El Dorado, this county. The
Rsh are of thf Lake Tahoe variety.
Dependable Drugs
We Do Not
Substitute
You can depend upon getting pre-
scriptions filled exactly as ordered at
the Owl.
If we haven't the drug you order,
we get it.
If we can't get it, we tell you so.
We never substitute with the idea
that it " is just as good and you will
not know the difference."
Anita Cream 40c
Cascarets ioc, 20c, 40c
Abbey's Salts 200,400,850
Mermen's Powder 15c
Bailey's Lonoline Cream 25c
Yvette Face Powder 35c
Baker's Little Giant Pills 25c
Maltine 85c
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Allen's Foot Ease 20c
hum's Compound 75c
Mll2B MARKET ST., S. F.
! {iiZ^TWO TEL. SOUTH 358
10th 4, BROADWAY(tel.main jo.)o*KL«no
LATEST EVENTS IN THE WORLD OF SPORT
LOCAL NINE IS
DETERMINED TO
WIN THE SERIES
Practicing Hard to Defeat the
Sacramento' Aggregation.
Gossip of the Players.
Every effort will be made by the San
Francisco team to carry off the coming
series. The men who compose the nine
are imbued with the importance of win
ning and are practicing morning, after
noon and evening In the determination of
heading off Sacramento's winning spurt.
Seven straight defeats at the hands of
the capita! city team has stirred the lo
cals to action. Of the seven victories
achieved by the Sacramento aggregation
a little baseball luck in six of them would
have thrown the game either way, as the
following scores will demonstrate: 2 to 0:
2 to 1, thirteen Innings; 2 to 1; 7 to 6; 3 to 2;
5 to 3, ten innings.
Following Is the standing Of the teams:
■I. '!• V. Z> < '■ < ~ "3
§ ■ 2 = &?. § g a
2 1 a i Hi* £ != ' 2 :g ~
g , r » ; ,_ r : s
1 CLUBS. i
( clubs. sjgiC-P- < gl: i j»
P &?| ?! j: '■ ?
.. n • ; : - i- :
;!?!; -I; ;i; • ;
, :l^!H:l:lM:l: :
Sacramento 112] El 5] 51 5|32|6S1.603
San Francisco 6 ..! CI SI 5 7 32 59 -542
Santa Cruz S| 4'.. 11 51 5 2S'5Sl.509
Oakland a' 3, "j.. 5 5 25; 031.397
Watsonvllle ' 5 41 6 51.. 5 25501."..:
San lose 2 41 3 9 5'.. 23,50 ....
—
Lost 21 27127 38 25 27 ■■■■■!■.■.
Lost .■'!2i;27;27i3S:25l27|..|..|....
Manager Harris ha? secured Courtney,
"Watsonville's heavy batter, for the local
team. He will take Muller's place in left
field. Muller will not be released, but will
be retained on the team as an extra man.
Brockhoff, another Watsonville player.
now with the local aggregation, will oc
cupy short. t while "Heney" Krug. will
cover the second cushion.
It now comes to light that although the
managers of the San Francisco team were
loth to lose "Tip" O'Nell, they have sur
vived the shod?. "Tip" was looked upon
as being the greatest diamond general In
the league, but he did not live up to his
reputation this season. He was criticized
by the "fans" for his ceaseless but use
less "kicking" during the contests and
also for substituting a ripped ball near
the end of one of the games. According
to one "crank." O'Nell showed by his
loud and frequent "kicks" to the umpire
that he had a meager knowledge of the
rules governing the game. Then again.
"Tip" did not play his position at second
as he might have done. It is a well
known fact that he did not handle a
thrown ball during the entire season, al
lowing Krug to do this important part of
the work. Frequently a left-handed bat
ter would come to the plate, and although
a runner was on the initial bag and the
man at the- bat was notorious for sending
the. ball' along the third base line, the
moment the ball was pitched Krug would
have to rush to second to catch the run
ner, thus leaving his position at the mercy
of the batter. With O'Neil off the team
and the acquisition of Brockhoff and
Courtney, the managers look for great im
provement.
The "Friscos" are anxious to win a ma
jority of games in the next series. The
team will work under a complete system
of signals, and although it will not be ap
parent to the spectators, the effectiveness
of the signals will be.
Babbitt a player who has won fame
in the Canadian League and also in the
Seattle tournament, is likely to play short
for the Beachcombers. Negotiations are
now under way between the management
of the Sandcrabß and the young man.
Should he accept Clark will be released
and Arrelanea will be a fixture in right
field: When Clark was engaged to play
on the team it was predicted he would
astound the natives, but he did not live
up to his reputation. In fact, as one "fan
puts It, he was a "frost."
Oakland played four games last week
and only made two errors. This fact has
been favorably commented on by the ex
perts as i! Is unprecedented in baseball
for a tall-end am to play such good ball.
Both errors were excusable. The one
made by Bchmeer in Saturday's game was
more an error of judgment. A man was
on first and the ball was batted close to
second. Schmeer secured it. but Instead
of running over to second and then
throwing to first, making a double play,
he threw the sphere into Franks' face.
The error charged to Dunleavy was for
a fly ball, which, carried by the wind, pre
vented it being properly judged. He ran
hard for it from center and managed to
get" his hands on it. but the ball slipped
from his grasp. Had he held it he would
have received an ovation. The other two
games played by the Athenians were
errorless, which bespeaks praise for the
men who compose the aggregation.
Some "fans" are saying that the "Frls
cos" are weak in "twirlers." This con
elusion was evidently reached through
the fact that "Fitz" was touched up for
fifteen hits last week at Sacramento. It
is well known that pitchers in the Na
tional League are batted out of the box
frequently during the season. It was
Fltzpatrick's turn to experience the sen
sation, but as it was the first time this
has happened to him there is no danger
of his being released. With a good team
behind him "Fitz" and Iberg are worthy
to cope with the heaviest batters.
It can be truthfully said that Schmeer
is playing as fast a snort as any National
Leaguer. If his batting was a little
heavier he would be a star in any league.
With Borchers, S'teffanl and Harper the
Oaklands have an effective corps of
pitchers.
Donlln leads off for St. Louis and he is
batting more effectively than any man in
the club with the exception of Burkett.
Pace is playing short for Colusa since
his release from Santa Cruz.
Bad base-running lost Saturday's game
at Sacramento. Idiotic plays on bases by
Pyne, Swindells and Krug did more to de
feat the team than the work of the Sac
ramento pitchers.
INTERCOLLEGIATE FOOTBALL
Game to Be Played at Sixteenth anil
Folsom Streets.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 7.-
The annual Intercollegiate football
game will not be played at Recreation
Park this year. Football Manager Berry
has practically secured the Sixteenth and
Folßona street grounds. The lease is be
ing prepared and will be rctfdy for the
signatures of the different officers next
week.
This insures better treatment and tet
ter security for the immense crowds that
will visit the Thanksgiving d: v game.
The student associations will let .he con
tracts for furnishing seats for 16.000 peo
ple, and a seat will be reserved for every
ticket sold. City officials will examine
and test the lumber before the gates are
thrown open on the day of the game,
hence perfect security and comfort will
be insured for the patrons of the college
games.
«
NEW GOLF CHAMPION.
Will Smith Defeats Lawrence Auch
terlonie by Good Playing.
CHICAGO. Sept. 7.— Will Smith, the
Midlothian professional golf expert, to
day won the title of open champion of
the Western Golf Association by defeat
ing Lawrence Auchterlonie the Grand
view professional, in the play-off of the
tie for the honor. Smith's score for the
eighteen holes was 14, or five under Bogey,
while Auchterlonie could do no better than
84. It was medal play and the title was
practically decided at the end of the first
nine holes. Smith. \>y beautiful all-round
gold making the nine holes in 37, while
the 'tlenvlew champion's score was 40 In
the last half Auchterlonie did better, mak
ing it in 88, but Smith kept up his pace.
Turf Congress to Meet.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 7.-Serrotnry E. C.
Hopper has issued a call for the annual
meeting of the American Turf Congress
It will be held at the Wellington Hotel
Chicago, September 20.
Send the SUNDAY CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1899.
Contestants for Championship Prizes in the Del Monte Tennis Courts-
EULAH Me WINS
THE 2:40 TROT
AT SACRAMENTO
Crowds at Agricultural Park Wit
ness Several Very Interesting
Events on the Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— The presence
of William J. Bryan and the tact that it
was Odd Fellows' day as well, attracted
over 4000 people to Agricultural i J ark this
afternoon. The champion ot free silver
delivered a somewhat lengrthy address at
the conclusion of the harness events
was heartily cheered as he left the course.
The weather was warm, the track fast
and the sport above the average. Favor
ites !n the betting wore successful on four
occasions.
In the morning the big stock parade at
tracted a large attendance. The awards
will be made on Saturday.
The 2:40 class trot for 2-year-olds had
but 'hree starters. Before the first heat
it was said that Eulah Me was sick, but
the young Miss stepped off two heats out
in trie lead without half trying. Vendome,
twice second, had speed, but left his leet
several times. The distance flag was
waived, which allowed Dagmar to annex
the .-hurt end of the purse.
Psyche, the chestnut daughter it Cupid.
driven by the old war horse Billy i>"!:a
than. display. -il rare form in the 2:40 class
trotting event, stopping to taw in three
straight heats. For the opening heat El
Moro, Lena A. Eleanor Ann and 4ank
were all well supported, the odds against
Psyche receding from 3 tv
money. Lena A drew the pole, leading the
procession to the stretch, where the t&\ -
orite f'iged to the front, and In a mild
drive led Eleanor Ann past the wire a
couple of lengths. In the two heats fol
lowing Psyche never left the result in
doubt, lta.(iing almost from the word, in
the second heat Eleanor Ann again finish
ing in the place, clinching second money,
but in the third and concluding one was
. up to allow El Moro, the '"selected
one," to land in that position.
The mile and a sixteenth run for mams
and iiliiL-s was boiled down to a three
horse affair. Jennie Reid, with ]i»7 pounds
up. ruled a strong favorite and led from
start to finish, showing marked Improve
iin nt over hei race <>i the day before. The
price against Monrovia was Bllced from
threes to B tc 5, but the old mar.- again
proved a disappointment, being beaten
half a dozen lengths for the place by
Reolia.
1. Morse, who was rulod off the turf
some two years back ft ingleslde trark
for pulling the horse I Don't Know, but
was recently reinstated, rode Hohenxol
lern In the seven furlong run. He made a
ridiculous showing and the race, is open
to much criticism. On Tuesday, with 112
pounds up Hohenzollern galloped six fur
[ongs in 1:15V 4 . To-day Mount McGregor
reeled off the seven furlongs in 1:27%,
t-ased up, from Novia, and I lohenzollern,
a Blight choice over t}n- winner, was
beaten a full dozen lengths. To be suit-,
: acked U. 7 pounds, but this is no ex
cuse for the exhibition.
A big Held of fourteen two-year-olda
sported silk in the last number on the
card, a live furlong scramble for two
year-olds. Druldess, thf mount of Eddie
Jones, enjoyed a decided call In the ring,
and breaking in front of her company was
never headed winning, ridden out, from
El Arte. well ridden by Sullivan. Rose of
Hilo ran into the show.
Another large attendance Is looked for
by the management to-morrow. Commer
cial Travelers' day. In the forenoon
picked nines will play a match game of
baseball at the park, and in the afternoon
th<* knights of the road will endeavor to
make t Interesting for the bookmakers.
Following are the entries for to-morrow.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— Fourth day of themeeting of theStato
Fair Association, Thursday, Sept. 7. Weather fine. Track fast.
Stnrtlnsr Judge ■ Fr.'ink Covey.
FIRST RACE— Trotting stake; two-year-olds; mill heats, bfst two In three: value. $330.
I) E Kntfrhfs blk. f. Kulah Me, by McKlnney-Balance All (W. HoKoboom) 1 l
Vendomf be, by Irnn Alto (Bunch) \ \
Dacmar, br. f., by McKlnney (Kf-nt) » J
Time— J:3B, 2:34*4.
SECOND RACE— Trott Ins, 2:40 clas*: mile hpats, bpst thrrp In five; purse, $1000.
A I! Ppreckels' eh. m. Fsyrhe, by Cqpid-Emma S (Donathan) 11l
EJeanor Ann, b. m., by Illustration (McGregor) 2 2 3
El Mom blk %., by Longwortli (Menchaca) 3 3 i
Hnnk. b g., by Va»to (Edge) " J *
Juan Chico, eh. %.. by Bay Hum (Rodriguez) 4 o o
I,i>na A. eh. m.. by Lynwood (HoBObooin) I » »
Richard S, fc. f.. by Qrover Clay (Malone) fltstanced
Time -2:19%, 2:19%. 2:19.
Presiding Judge— J. W. Wilson. Starter— R. Havey.
OS THIRD RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; the Ladles' Stakes; value, 3430.
~~ : j T~ ~ Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ,St. Std. Mm. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. CI.
32 Jennie Reid, 3 101 2 2 1 1 14 1 14 1 1 12 13 lLoullier 3-5 7-10
. . Reolla, 4 107 13 3 343 3 3 Snider 3 8-5
23 Monrovia, a 106 11 22 2 23 2 24 2 6 |Mounce 1 8-5
Time— 1:47%. Perfect start. Won galloping. ''Winner, R. Hughes' b. f., by El Rio Rey-
Fonsetta.
on FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; allowances; purse. $400.
_ , _ __ Retting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. %m. 4m. »im. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
i~ Betting.
Jockeys. Op. CI.
29 Mt. McGregor II, 6.1071 4 2% 114 124 114 15 Thorpe 1 .1
Thorpe 1 .1
29 Novla, 4 10912 4 2 14 22 23 28 Jones 8 4
(29) Hohenzollern. 5 117 3 3% 32 S% 84 34 Morse 3-5 4-5
29 McFarlane, a 110| 1 12 4 4 4 4 _ Macklln I 12 . 40
Time— 1:27^. Good start. Won easily. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. h., by Day
Time— 1:274. Good start. Won easily. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. h., by Day
Star-Imp. Miss McGregor. *
A I —
0*7 FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-old maidens; purse. $250.
-- I ,.. • ... j *" Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Mm. 4m. %m. . Str. Fin. | Jockeys. Op.: CI.
23 Druldess 107 1 ... 124 ... 12 12 Jones 3-2 6-5
30 El Arte 113 2 ... 2 3 ... 23 04 Sullivan 6 6
... Rose of HIlo 105 7 ... .64 ... 523 4 Frawley 5 7
10 Tagalog 113 5 ... 4 4 ... 4 4 44 Morse 6 «
23 Fairfax 10110 ... 7 4 ... 6 3 5 5 Butler 2 4
27 Purmayah 110 4 ... 3 2 ... 31 g4 ISnider 6 7
... Tres Jolie 103 3 ... 5 2 ... 74 7 Vi Tullett ....... 5 7-2
... Prltt 110 8 ... II ... 10 8 4' Hobart 5 20
... Loyta 98,9 ... 9 ... si 9 1 Grady 20 12
... Gross 113. 6 ... 12 ... 11 1014 iwickline 20 20
... Ella de Poy 10511 ... 8 4 ... 914 ni Rutherford .. 10 80
... Palatine 113.11 ... 10 ... 12 12 nialr 5 IS
... Amador 113 ... 13 ... 13 13 Ruiz 12 ' 15
... Electa C 114 14 ... 14 ... 14 14 King 1 15 20
- Tlme-l:034. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, H. J. Jones' b.
f.. by The Bard-Relay.
First race— Pacing; 2:15 class; mile heats;
two in three.
Arthur W, Dlctatress,
Don. Annie Kooney,
Primrose, Harvey Me,
Montecito Boy, Belle W,
Diawood. Mullle Nurse.
Sophia R,
Second race-Special trot, Traveling Men:
rr.llr h»-ats; two in three.
Gum Drop, Toolane.
Lola, Kinney.
Farmer's Girl.
Third race— Running; Sunny Slope etake;
' two-year-old fillies; five furlongs.
' 30 Flush of G01d. ...Hi! .. Flamote 105
; .. Ben Bee 110 30 Mldity 105
21 Halltax 1061 Enjoyment 110
Fourth rac"— Running; three-year-olds; sell
ing; seven furlongs.
Bastile 104 28 Alturas 102
•a i !>« .. Watossa 104
21 Alaria 104 (34)Panamint UtJ
Fifth me— Running: three-year-olds and up
ward; Belling blx furlongs.
I ajMajor I k 112, Ji Mnfoda 124
.. Yaruba USI 23 Smyle M
26 Stromo 103 .. Jennie Glbb 104
Dan 102 - 102
nchalance ....107 26 Hlmera sa
14 Ajnasa 109
AT ELMIRA TRACK.
NEW YORK. Sept. ".—Five thousand
people journeyed out to the Empire City
trotting track to-day and were rewarded
with first class sport. The opening event
was a 2:25 pace class, for Vhlch the Cali
fornia gelding Coney was the favorite at
even money. He proved to be a rank
counterfeit, as the bay gelding Toboggan
won the race in straight heats with quite
a liule to spare, Annie Thornton driving
him out in the tirst heat and the brown
mare Evolute In the second.
The big race of the day was the $5000
! Empire City purse fur B:U class trotting.
i The crack four-year-old of the season,
Peter the Great, sold for $50. Lord Vin
cent fetched the same price, while the
gray gelding Who Is It brought $35 and
the balance of the field brought the same
price Peter the Great led the field from
start to finish in both heats und won In
excellent time.
The 2:18 troi -lass had only a small field,
and though the bay gelding Excel was
1 acked at *s<i to $40 against the field it
proved to be the most prolonged contest
of the daj . l esults.
2:18 class trotting, best two in three,
purse $1500 Excel won second and fourth
Time 2:10%, 2:15& Pilot Evans
won third heat In 2:1314 and was sec
ond Farrls won first heat in 2:12^ and
was third. Whitney. Sadie M, lvundorf
and Frank Creamer also started.
2:26 class t ..tting, two in three, purse
Kingmi nd won in straight heats.
Time 2. 10%, J:!4. Venus II second, Paul
Pry third. Maid Thorn, James Shevlin
and Plerroi h so started.
2:12 trotting, best two in three, purse
$5000— Peter the Great won in straight
ha ts. Time, 2:f>7 1 ;. 2;O&V.t. Who Is It sec
ond Lord Vincent third. Bonnatella,
Queen Alfred. Ed Lock, Alver, Piloteen.
Fred Kohl, Tudor Chimes and Woodford
G also started.
2:25 class, pacing, best two in three,
purse $3i)oo— T< hoggan won in straight
heats. Time 2:11%, 2-.08 1 ;.. Annie Thorn
ton second, Evolute third. Actuary, Liz
zie Wilkes Governor Bushnell. Eagle Me
dium. Coney. Wandering Jew and Alice
Hal also started.
CHAMPIONS
WILL BE SEEN
AT INGLESIDE
S xteen High-Class Greyhounds
Will Be the Chief Attraction
at the Coursing Park.
A Champion stake with sixteen entries
will be the tid-bit of the card at Ingle
side Coursing Park to-morrow and Sun
day. In addition to this there will be a
ninety-six-dog stake for non-winners. A
total prize money of $1005 will be dis
bursed. The winner of the Champion
stake will receive $125, runner-up $70, two
at $40 each and four at $20. For the non
winners' stake the first prize is $100, run
ner-up $60, third $40, three at $30 each, six
at $20, twelve at $10 and twenty-four at
$3. The draw last night resulted as fol
lows:
Champion stake— T. McHugh's Moss Rose vs.
J. Denr.e's Connemara; H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence vs. 1). Shannon's Soubrette; Handy
& Smith's Twin City Girl vs. J. Mclnerneys
Johnny R; J. J. Cronln's' Wild Tralee vs.
Curtis & Son' 8 Cavalier; Curtis & Son's Luxor
vs. H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway; Lowe &
Thompson's Jessarny vs. Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Lady Herschel; T. J. Cronln's Thorn
hill vs. T. Mclnerney's Norah; K. M. Kellogg's
Kid McCoy vs. Kay & Trant's Hawker.
Non-winners' stake — J. Jones' Moonlight vs.
Kelly & Hawley's Baby King; J. O'Dowd's
Shortover vs. J. Byrne's Nellie B; W. Aiken's |
Melba vs. Kay & Tram's Eclipse; J. Mooney's
Silent Treasure vs. Sheppard & Powers' Match- j
less; A. Webber's Montana vs. J. Farley's
Cash Day: J. a. Ronning's Kerry Gow vs.
R. Attrldge's Masterpiece; Kay & Tram's
Leonora vs. J. Bradphaw's Hazel Dell; A.
Van den Burgh's Naughty Gtrl vs. J. Byrne's
. Olympus; W. H. Lord's Revolver vs. Moras
& O'Neill's Nelly H; A. Van den Burgh's
American Eagle vs. Locke & Lynn's Dick L;
T. J. Cronln's Arab vs. T. Logan's Miss
Grizzle; J. C Flynn's Hicks vs. Kay & Trajit's
Carlotta; D. Shannon's Safeguard vs. D.
Cronin's Swlnnerton; F. Brown's Sweet Briar j
vs. M. Michalak's Scott Free; T. Fanning*
Babe Murphy vs. J. Dickson's Black Bess; T.
Moore's Decency vs. Handy Ac Smith's Lady
Hugo; D. Ford's Anita vs. A. Ohmeyer's Lady
Napoleon; G. H. Burfelnd's Pastime vs. D.
Manning's Waterwltch; E. M. Kellogg's Hum
mer vs. T. J. McHugh's Maid of the Mill: F.
Murphy's Gilt Edge vs. Locke & Lyons Mo
loch; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman vs. M. B.
Cavanagh's Hard Lines; George Lahnsen's j
Fireball vs. E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore;
Handy & Smith's Victor vs. H. rinkham's \
Newsboy, J. Bradbury's Sardonic vs. A. Oh
meyer's Lord Scattercash; C. Grau's John D
vs. A. Massey'a Had! wist; .1. Keenan's Royal
Buck vs. J. McCormick's Primrose; P. M.
Clarkson's Black Hawk vs. J. Kennedy's
i ■Evr Shore; J. Kennedy's Wine West vs. P.
| Kerwln's Lady Garnet; J. Keene's Crusoe vs.
M. Glynn's Richmond Maid; W. C. Glasson's
Borders Valentine vs. T. J. Cronin's Rose of
Tralee; J. Jones' Galivant vs. J. i?cCormick's
White Tip: T. J. McHugh's Empress ye. J.
Byrne's Eleven Spot; W. H. Jones' Prince
Jerome vs. E. Burmeister's Winning Ways;
J. Kennedy's Night Time vs. Lowe & Thomp
son's Flora McDonald: Handy & Smith's
Free and Easy vs. D. Ford's Juanlta; S. Han
sen's Our Climate vs. Corkery & ore's Doug
i las; D. Ford's Bonlta vs. Curtis & Son's Mc
; Kinley: Murphy & Toland's Tea Rose vs.
I Watson & Lawlor's Richmond Lead: J. Dean's
I Mlalmo vs. Moran & O'Neill's Irene H; Kay
& Trant's Lady Ethel vs. W. H. Jones' Lady
Marlon: P. Herrin's Martha Washington vs. P.
Reilly'B Expense; S. Hansen's L. S. Conley
vs. M. Mlchalek'B Glen Roy; Curtis *• Son's
Commodore vs. J. Kennedy's Lily Wheeler;
H. Lynch's Loiterer vs. M. B. Kavanagh's
Swedish: A. A. Duncan's Royal Chief vs. J.
Quane's Marietta; A. Ohmeyer's A'lldental vs.
F. Perry's Jennie Dean: C. Peach's . ; «dy Peach
vs. H. Deokelman's Prince George; Murphy &
Toland's Ornament vs. W. C. Glaston's Ter- !
ronite. ________^_^.^_^__
TOMMY RYAN SIGNED.
Will Appear at a Fistic Carnival to
Be Held in Denver.
DENVER, Sept. 7.— Manager lioto. of
the Colorado Athletic Association, is mak
ing preparations for his flstic carnival
which is to take place during the week
! beginning September 25, at the r.me time
I as the annual festival of Mountain and
1 Plain, and to-day signed Tommy Ryan of
Syracuse, champion middle-weight of the
world. Joe Chovnski has also signed for
that occasion. Floto is now looking for
men to go against thorn.
California Band Concert.
A large crowd attended the concert giv
en I the First California Volunteer Band
yesterday nfternnon in T'nion Square,
i The programme rendered was exception-
J ally good and the efforts of the musicians
! were appreciated by those fortunate
! enough to he present. The' following
numbers were rendered: March "General
Miles"; overture, "Impromptu": two step
"My Srldier Man"; waltz. "Autumn Flow
ers ; Filipino march, "Paso Dobles for
Bugles, " by A. Kelson Adams: selection
"Wang 1 ; rap time. "When Dewey Cornea
Home Again"; medley. "Brudde'r Gard
ner's Picnic"; overture, "Strathmore"
j march, "Charlatan."
Cured ! Cured I Cured
& SI & "*' Mclaughlins electric belt again proves i
m HL. I ■ ITS GREAT MERITi I
E J v^^^^^sT'V/^-^^^' j 64 80. Rirer St., Ban Jon, Cal., Sept. 4. '99. (
tt?^^^^^SS^^tS^tjy^^i ll Dr Moll u 8 hlin " I>8llr Bir : I 'offered so badly from lame back that I conld not get oat of bed (
without help. After nsing your Electric Bolt but a short time my pain wag entirely gon:. and I have j
Mf^z^Jß? had D ° " tnrn of tte trouble. From my experience with yoar treatment I know there is no other like it. ,
Tonrs truly, THO3. O'CONNOR. 'i
• iP^W Dr. McLaughlin's New Method i
Is a system of adapting Electricity to special diseases. My famous Body Belt, which generates a more power- (
ful current than any other body appliance in the world, is applied while the patient sleeps, and its soothing (
warming energy infused into the afflicted part. It has a perfect regulator to control the current IT HAS '
SOFT, CHAMOIS-COVERED ELECTRODES AND DOES NOT BURN OR BLISTER LIKE ALL OTHER '
ELECTRIC BELTS, and yet. you can feel the life-giving power. I guarantee it for one year without any ex- (
pense after first cost. .;' • i
ARE YOU SUFFERING ?
*u l ', S , 01 C ? me and cc me * Let me explain it to you free. Let me show you how simple, yet powerful my
method is. Let me show you the evidence of the thousands cured and explain to you how simply it is done
FREE BOOK. CALL OR SEND FOR BOOK—
FID II ft EMUnI AIIOUI 111 --702 Market, Cor. Kearny, c " ice Hour 8 -8 a . m . tO 8:30 P .m
Uill |V|] Hi IIILLHIihrU S.F..andßurdlckßlock. Sundays, 10 to I.
VIII 111 I ni mUknUyilLllll Cor. Siring md Second, LoiAngslei. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORE*.
EXCELLENT
TENNIS AT
DEL MONTE
Wright and Whitman Defeat
Ward and Davis, Champions
of America.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE, Sept. 7.-The guests at
Del Monte have a tennis appetite that
seems tc prow on what It feeds. After
two days of incessant high-class matches
which drew the people in and about the
hotel to the courts the Pacific Coast
championship doubles tournament was
called this morning and a larger crowd
was on hand to stamp approbation than
that which attended the series of matches
between the East and the West. This
tournament is the real thing in tennis
play; first, because it is a tournament and
second, that never before were such high
class teams entered. Whitman and
Wright and Ward and Davis, the latter
pair the champions of America, the Whit
neys and the Hards are all entered and.
the battle of rackets will not be over un
til to-mrrrow night.
One match this afternoon satisfied
all tennis enthusiasts. It "vas be
tween the two Eastern te . an l s -
When it was over the champions or tne
country discovered that there were other
doubles teams a-field and that their
proud unfilled record was bosmudged
with a defeat. Ward and Davis handed
their championship banners over to
Wrig.it and Whitman in a manner indi
cating that defeat had cut deep :nto ihe
spirit cf the losers. Three straight sets
wore all that were required by Whitman
and oia partner, Wright, to destroy the
future hopes of the present champions.
The trouble of it all lies in the fact that
Ward and Davis did not get a start in the
race; Whitman and Wright fairly beat
the Hag and were not even reached when
the race was over. The score reads:
6-: S. 6—2, 6—l.
Davis, the "Clouter," as he has been
dubbed at Del Monte on account of his
merciless smashing of balls, did not play
up to his usual form • yesterday. He
smashed, but the ball went either into the
net or out uf the court, and thereby hangs
the taie of his undoing. Ward, his part
ner, played for the best that was in
him and* his lobbing was perfect. Time
after time he returned the fierce smashes
of Whitman that came at him with crue.
persisterce. Whitman and Wright are a
new team in doubles, but they will p. al
together in the East next season in all
the championship contests. Their victory
to-day was an auspicious beginning to
the doubling up. Young Wright carried
off his section of honors in the match and
has won his spurs.
When the Eastern champions* began
play the courts were crowded and the
light-trousered sports on the bleachers
were betting packages of gum that Ward
and Davis would win in a canter. Even
Walter flobarfs youngest thought so ir
the stamp of approbation means anything.
But after a few minutes the score began
to change. Whitman and Wright won
the first game. Then the champions un
buttoned a bit and took the three follow
ing. Here came the surprise. Without a
word of warning. Whitman and Wright
piled up game after game and the first
! set was soon over. Score. 6—3.
To the scratch the champions came in
the second set with more or less misgiv
ing but they were a trifle fearful of de
feat Again Whitman and Wright ap
propriated the first game, following it
with another. Their opponents succeeded
in securing but two games in this set— the
sixth and the seventh. When the last
cannon bolt stroke of Davis shot just out
side the back line and Joe Daily an
nounced the result the champions wore
an ultramarine expression. Whitman and
Wright sat on one side of the courts,
Davis and Ward on the other. A rub
down and fearful dissipation in ice water,
and the four Easterners were at It again.
One, two. three, four games went to the
hungry winners. The fifth was for T\ ard
and Davis as was the seventh, the sixth
going to Wright and Whitman. With the
score g_2 and 40 love against them, the
doubles champions bestirred themselves
and made the game deuce. There they
\ stood the next two points being won by
Wright and Whitman, and carrying the
game sot match and likely the cups of
the tournament with it.
To-morrow will be the great day of
doubles, for the Eastern victors will meet
i the Whitneys first and then play the
Hardys for the championship of the coast.
On Saturday there will be single matches
between the Easterners and a special
match between Whitman and Joe Daily.
The other matches in the tournament
were without special Interest. In the game
between Whitman and Wright and Root
and Collier Root twisted his ankle and
he and his partner defaulted. The scores
Bliven and Cole from Eckart and Up
ham by default; Whitney and Whitney
defeated Hunt and Seager. 6—16—1, 6-fl;
McFarlin and Stewart from McChesney
and unnamed partner by default; Cor
nell and Crowell from Little and Helms by
default- Fat jo and Warburton from Kae
■»er and'Rosbomugh by default; Davis and
■ Ward from Nicholson and Bowers by de
fault' Whitney and Wright from Collier
and Root by default; Braly and Bell beat
Stanf and Johnson. 6—l. 6—2 6—2
Second round— Whitney and W hitney
beat Bliven and Code, 6—4, 6—2. 6—4; Mc-
Farlln and Stewart beat Cornell ana
I Crowell 6—3, 6—3. 6—2; Whitman and
I Wright beat Davis and Ward, 6-3 6-2
1 6— 2. The second round will be completed
I to-morrow. __
I First of semi-finals— Whitney and Whit-
Iney beat McFarlin and Stewart. 6—2, 6—3,
ls-4.
Slaughtered Immature Calves.
Jesse Mayer was arrested yesterday by
Veterinary Surgeon O'Rourke and In
spector Butterworth in an old house on
the Mission road and two charges placed
against his name— one of having imma
ture veal in his possession and the other
of slaughtering cattle outside of tho limits
provided by law. Two calves were con
fiscated which gave every indication of
having been but two or three days old
when they were killed. The calves were
taken to the fertilizing works after first
having been saturated with coal oil.
Judge Conlan held Mayer on $20 bail,
which he immediately produced.
■ ♦ ■
Captain Olsen Exonerated.
Captains O. F. Bolles and J. K. Bulger
have exonerated Captain O. Olsen from all
blame for the striking of the steamer
South Coast on a reef near Hueneme on
July 20 of this year. The captain took
all precautions, such as sounding, etc.,
but the water suddenly shoaled and the
steamer touched the reef. There was a
dense fog at the time. No damage was
done to the vessel.
BASEBALL Renew.
COURSING Drawing.
SHAMROCK NOT
SO FAST IN
LIGHT WINDS
A Trial of the British Boat Shows
That She Does Much Better
Work in a Good Breeze.
Special Di.«patch~to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— The Shamrock
weighed herself in the balance of light
winds to-day, and was found wanting by
; those who followed the open-sea trial of
! the challenger, a marine sauntering that
was replete with grace and beauty but not
i potential with victory for the stranger
; yacht if light breezes are about when she
and the Columbia meet. In her previous
trials the Shamrock has shown herself to
I be remarkably stiff and speedy when the
winds an 5 brisk and whitecaps are dotting
thf- bine, but in to-day's sleepy seas and
: languid breezes the yacht did not seem to
do so well.
This should not be construed Into mean
ing that the challenger did badly. Wh.it
is meant Is that with the vast sail area
shown she did not fulfill expectations -
did not come up to the promise of extraor
dinary speed in light winds which the
great expanse of canvas gave.
The doings of the day rather com;
a trial of new sails than a test of ep< .
but one goes with the other, and although
there was no way by which the speed
performances of the Shamrock could be
accurately known, the result was a feel
ing that she will stand a better show of
winning in a good, stiff wind than she
will if light breezes are her lot.
TWO BALL GAMES
END IN LIVELY RIOTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. , Clubs— W. L. Pet
Brooklyn .82 37 6«!>!PiUsburg ...63 59 .ttjl
Philadelphia 76 47 .61SiOhlcago 62 «2 .800
Boston 74 46 .617! Louisville ...M BS .4.4
Baltimore ...69 4S .S9O New York.. ..51 70 .417
Cincinnati ..TO 51 .579; Washington 42 .
St. L0ui5.... 68 56 ...19 1w» .145
BROOKLYN, Sept. To-day's Brooklyn
Boston frame ended In a riot. With two out
In the ninth and the score 2 to 1 in Boston's
favor. Daly got a pass to first and sprinted
around to the plate on DaWen's single and
Hamilton's fumble, but he was called out at
the plate The crowd immediately jumped
into the field and attacked. Umpire Emslie.
The police and players of both teams sur
rounded him and escorted him off the field.
The game was beautifully played, some rare
pitching and fielding being done. McGulre s
wild throw let in the tielng run in the eighth,
and an error by Daly scored Hamilton in the
ninth. Attendance, 5300. Score:
Clubs— R - H ; E -
Boston - * * }
Brooklyn - 16 1
Batteries— Willis and Bergen; Kennedy and
McGuire. Umpires— Emslie and McGuire.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. Owing to a questionable
decision by Umpire Latham in the ninth in
ning to-day's game ended In a general row.
Cushions, dirt and missiles of all sorts were
hurled at Latham, and had it not been for
the timely arrival of the police he would have
been seriously injured. The game was a hard
fought one. Attendance. 2100. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
St. Louis 2 7 1
Cincinnati 4 6 1
Batteries— Powell and Crlger: Hahn and
Peitz. Umpires— Latham and Gaffney.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 7.— Pulllam's unknown,
with many aliases, pitched a good game and
was given fine support, while Tannehill was
hit hard after the sixth inning and had five
errors behind him. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Plttsburjr ♦ ]] $
Louisville 7 16 2
Batteries— Tannehill and Schrlver; Fail be r
and Simmer. Umpires — Manassau and Con
nolly.
CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— Cleveland scored all their
runs and took the lead in the eighth, ten men
facing Taylor, eight of them hitting safely.
After two outs In the ninth. Everett and
Merte* hit safely, and with Ryan, who was
en third came all the way around on Tucker's
failure to hold Sullivan's throw. Attendance,
500. Score:
Clubs- R. H E
Chicago J 13 2
Cleveland 6 " i
Batteries— Taylor and Chance; Knepper and
McAllister. Umpires— Day and McDonald.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Dlneen had the
Phillies puzzled to-day and won his game with
the aid of good batting. Attendance, 1200.
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Washington 5 15 3
Philadelphia 12 1
Batteries— Dlneen and Klttredge; Orth and
HcFarland. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— The New Torks were
easily disposed of by the Baltimores to-day,
the game developing into a farce after the
seventh Inning. Kitson was invincible when
bases were occupied. Attendance. 400. Score:
Clubs— R. H - E -
New York 0 5 4
Baltimore 1( > " l
Batteries— Gettlg. Garoni and O'Nell: Kit
ion and Smith. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
WELL KNOWN CROOK HEARD OF
Charles yon Arnold, alias Baron yon
Turkheim, Swindling People in
London.
Charles yon Arnold, alias Baron yon
Turkheim, who marriage to Jeannie
Young, the Nemesis of Attorney Delmas.
created a sensation two or three years
ago. and who after deserting her in Lon
don England, was arrested and sentenced
to one year for bigamy, hasbeen heard
° Yesterday Chief Lees received the fol
lowing letter from G. Harnwell. wine and
spirit merchant. "The Rising Sun." Har
per street. New Kent Road, London:
I hold a detective shield and papers from a
man (German-American) who claims to be
Charles yon Arnold of the detective force, San
Francisco, also papers which he says are
copies of the deeds of a property on Golden
fiat? and McAllister avenues. Can you let m*
know anything of him? By replying: to this
and statii.K If he is what he represents himself
fo be you will greatly oblige an American clti-
He has now Rone to Paris to hunt up Judge
Smith ana Judge Delmas. whom he claims as
his friends. He has obtained several sums of
money from poor people in this neighborhood.
The Chief has sent a reply, giving Harn
well all the information necessary about
the well-known crook.OTIS TO LOSE THE
MILITARY COMMAND
It Is Said to Be the Intention to
Leave Him in Charge of Civil
Affairs in Philippines.
• WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— The general belief here is that •
' after a conference of Senator Beveridge, Professor Schur- Cj_
wan and Secretary Root ivith the President it teas practically
* agreed to send Merriti to the I'hUippincs to take charge of the *
military and give Otis charge of civil affairs.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— A Washington special to the Herald says: No
ronlirmation can be obtained in official circles of the persistent rumors
that Major General Miles is to be sent to the Philippines to succeed Major
Genera] Otis. Inquiry at the Executive Mansion and at the War Depart
ment, including both Secretary Root and General Miles, brings forth the
one general statement that there Is no present Intention of relieving Major
ral Otis, * •
The authorities are expecting much of General Otis before the full
army of 65,000 men has reached Manila. An aggressive campaign is to be
commenced by General Otis with the troops he already has at hand at the
earliest possible moment. Indeed, the authorities are expecting to hear of
important movements by the forces of Generals Lawton and Mac Arthur.
The result of these operations and others which are to follow during the pres
ent month may have a good deal to do with the question of a new com
mai. ier for the Philippines. If there is any substantial military achieve
luring that time th^re is little likelihood that General Otis will be
relieved. If, on the other hand, the contemplated movements should not be
successful the President may feel constrained to supersede him.
Ev< n if future developments should induce the President to make such
a change, it is by no means certain that Miles will succeed Otis. The lat
ter, it is believed, will be retained as military commander In any event,
and the assignment of General Lawton or General Mac Arthur to take
command of :he forces in the field Is said in official quarters here to be
quit-> as probable as Miles' assignment to that command.
. '.. ni Schurmaa concluded his conferences with the officials here to
day and left to-night to resume his work at Cornell. Among other documents
left with the State I'tepartment by President Schurman was a large chart
of the Philippine group. On this the various races populating the islands are
graphically set out in colors. The significant feature is the small show-
Ing made by the Tagals. Not only does this chart show that that tribe
- but a small portion of the total population of the Philippines, but it
also makes It appear that the Tagals in Insurrection against the I'nited
Btatea constitute or.ly a portion of the strength of the entire tribe, and that
whole provinces h Luzon, notably at the northern extremity of the Island,
are either friendly to the United States or at least stand neutral.
CLERK CAPTURES
DARING ROBBER
Knocks Him Down and
Takes Away His Gun.
Pr" r tal Tiispatrh to The Call.
PLACBRVIL.LB, Sept 7. A bold at
tempt to rob the general merchandise
..'. I>. Montgomery at Pleasant
, a small irnvn nine miles east of
Ity, was made last night. Just he
fore ' ed f'jr the night
and while Mr. Staples, the clerk for
ry, was in the hack of the
a man came in. and pointing his
it Mr. Montgomery's 18-year-old girt,
st^r- at the time, ordered
hold up her hands.
thoul being told the sec
me, anil jusi then Mr. Staples came
urd. !!• was also ordered o do like
v..s- id <>f doing so he kept
advancing, aski:.!, •!.• man what he was
there. When he was n'-ar enough
ippled with the man and tried to
in away from him. They strug
fought until they reached the
h, when John Finck came to
Mr. Staples' aid. and together they se
• gun, Mr. Staples giving the
■ v knock across the head with it
king off a piece of the steel."
The man had a red handkerchief over
. c, with eyeholes cut In it. but after
It- v. . i they discovered him to
I • wls, who fought a prize
with Hill Hall two years ago. When
lw i' was all up with him he ad
mi'ted that h>- tried to commit the rob
bery. An examination of the gun. which
double barreled one, showed that
it was not loaded.
The Sh> riff was telephoned for and
. John Eioux left here at 9:45, ar
riving at Pleasani Valley at 11 o'clock.
Jlo brought Lewis back with him. arriv
ing here at 2 o'clock this morning, and
-. in Jail. He has a bad lump on
1 where he was hit with
the pun.
SOLD HIS WIFE FOR
TWO HUNDRED DOLLARS
Because She Fell in Love With An-
other Man John Bliha Disposes
of His Spouse.
MT. CARMEL, Pa.. Sept. Because
his wife fell In love with another man
her husband. John Bliha, sold her to-day
for $200. The purchaser was her hus
band's brother, George Bliha. In addi
tion to the woman he procured a cow, two
shoates nd a frame house, of which he
assumed Immediate possession, while the
late owner went to a boarding house.
Eleven years ago John Hebla was killed
in the mines and his pretty young widow
became the wife of Bliha. Bliha saved
money and purchased a house. Two years
ago his wife went to Austria, the home
of her childhood, on a visit. She soon re
turned to America, and on entering her
home she saw George Bliha, a handsome
young fellow, with whom she at once fell
in love. She Induced her husband to in
vite the young man to board with them.
He refused at first, but finally consented.
After a time the young man grew tired
of bring a boarder, and said he was go-
Ing to be married. Mrs. Bliha tremblingly
begged him to wait until she had a con
ference with her husband. He heard his
wife, and when she said she could not
live without his brother he remarked
wearily that he would be glad to be free.
There was a conference between the three
with the above result Bliha thfnks he
i.as the better of the bargain.
COMPETITIVE TEST IN
OPERATING AUTOMOBILES
Novel Spectacle Presented at New-
port Under the Direction of
Mrs. Oliver P. Belmont.
NEWPORT, K. 1.. Sr-i»t. 7.— Newport
witnessed a novel spectacle to-day In the
form of bji automobile parade, the first
ever witnessed here, given by Mrs. o. EL
1•. Beltnont, iri which there were seven
teen beautifully decorated automobiles in
line. Opposite the Bolcourt the vehicles,
within which were the handsomely
gowned ladles, competed for prizes of
by Mrs. Belmoni for obstacle drlv
ing Tn« Btreet through which the test
was made wu decorated with poles,
which also served a.s hazards, and the
way was filled with obstacles, Including
baby carriages containing dummy babies.
manipulated by nurses of the same con
nlstency as the babies, and wooden horses
attached to traps.
\] r c Herman Oelrichs won the first
for the best decorated carriage, and
esant Leroy took iirst prize for the
driving. Fully lo.ouo persons wtt
• parade and it was the greatest
air function ever held here, as well
most original.
Ministry Rebuked.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Sept. 7.— The As
sembly to-day, by a vote of 75 to 41, passed
v. resolution declaring a lack of confidence
In the Ministry.
CASEY'S FATE STILL IN
THE JUDICIAL BALANCE
ARGUING FOR LIBERTY BEFORE
JUDGE MURASKY.
More of the Local Wanderings of the
Conspirators Who Made San Fran
cisco Their Headquarters.
The fate of John Casey, the Australian
thief, is still hanging in the balance before
Judge Murasky of the Superior Court.
Shortly after 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon Judge Murasky opened the hearing
on the two petitions for writs of ha!" an
corpus on behalf of the pris< ner. The first
petition contested the jurisdiction of the
court on the ground that more than two
days had elapsed in one continuance;
against the defendant's objection, and :
hence under the law governing prelimin
ary examinations he must be discharged. .
The second demanded the release of the
prisoner on the ground that no probable '
cause existed, or in any event was proved
sufficient to warrant the magistrate hold
ing the defendant to answer before the j
Superior Court for the crime charged — j
grand larceny.
In support of the first petition It was
proved that Casey was taken before the j
magistrate on September 1. A contlnu- I
ancr was taken against the objection of!
the defendant until Tuesday, the sth lnst. i
It is contended by Judge L,ouderback, who I
represented the police, that as Sunday and !
Monday, which were legal holidays, inter- j
vened, the continuance taken was entirely
within the law. George D. Collins, the!
defendant's counsel, however, read from
the Code, which gives a magistrate the j
right to hold court for the purpose of pre- ;
limlnary examination not only on a holi
day but on Sunday as well. Hence be
claimed the statute had run against the
Jurisdiction of the magistrate and he was
deprived of pow<i in the premises. Jn
support of the second petition Mr. Collins
pointed to the fact that the clothes al
leged to have been stolen by the defendant;
were in fact sent to his apartments with- i
mit his solicitation, and If he took them j
and kept them, the evidence even failing '
to substantiate these claims, he was not !
guilty of larceny as charged.
.' Judge l»uderback will argue for the
police to-day and then Judge Murasky
will render his decision.
The police In their investigations of the
movements of the conspirators did not
confine their attention to Kelly and his j
family. The thieves were far too clever j
to choose a rendezvous, and they made it i
their habit to meet wherever the necessl
ties of their business demanded. They
seldom m?t at one another's houses, as
they had been careful to choose habita
tions in the residence districts where the. i
presence and doings of strangers are
quickly noted. The gang found it expe- !
dient also to -frequently change the lo
cality of their residences. For example, !
Keily first went to the Russ House, and j
from there to 1104 Devisadero street.
Shortly after he and his Interesting fam
ily were domiciled at 1115 Pierce street,
and then again the. police found that he
had moved to 1110 Hush street, it required
n Kreat deal of patient labor on the: part
of the police to discover these facts, but
they are likely to be of marked vaJue in
subsequent developments.
Casey's spirit was as roving as that of j
Kelly. When the Australian crook first
came here he went to the Palace Hotel, j
He was a "professional" man, and noth- '
ing less than the best in accommodations
would suit him. He was simply trying to i
gel liis bearings, and the next time the
itolice heard of him he was living at 516
'owell street as F. Dunnle. He tl"»n '
moved to 911 Bush street, to be in th«
same neighborhood with tCeiiy and -Au
gustus Howard. Murphy was less ambi- i
tious than his fellows, and the south side I
was better suited to his tastes. He first
registered at the Grand Hotel, and shortly j
after found apartments in a lodging-house
at Third and St« venson streets.
Th*> police have in their possession a
letter which throws a curious side light
on the history of the malefactors and
their families. It will be remembered that ''
Mrs. IColly left here on February 24, 1809,
for the Colonies. On May 7 she sent a let- !
ter to her father, who was then in this
city. She stated that she had had a dis
tressing dream about her father, and she i
wrote to learn thf condition of his health. |
The letter forms a scrap in the mass of
evidence which has been, accumulated j
against Kelly by the police.
ARGUES FOR VENEZUELA
General Tracy Speaks Before the i
Boundary Commission.
PARIS. Sept. 7.— General Benjamin F.
Tracy, member of the Anglo-Venezuelan
boundary arbitration commission, to-day j
took up hi.s argument in behalf of the j
Venezuelan case, devoting the greater ,
part of the day to a discussion of £he In
ternationa] rules relating to the rights of
discovery. He claimed that Spain had i
satisfied the requirements and that the
Orinoco and Amazon inclosed the ancient
province of Spain. The commission then
adjourned until Monday.
San Jotfe Herald Sold.
SAN JOSE, Sept 7.-The Evening Her
ald announces editorially to-night that its |
ownership will pass to Senator C. M.
Shortridge to-morrow. H. H. Main, the
present proprietor, will retire. The Her
ald is the only Democratic daily in the
county and It will be changed to a Re- I
publican paper, leaving the local Democ- j
racy without an organ. The purchase j
Diice la said to b» J30.000. J
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1899.
DISTINGUISHED VISITORS
AT THE STATE FAIR
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 7.— There
was a perfect crush at the Pa
vilion to-night, the principal at
tractions being the presence
there of William Jennings Bryan
I and Mrs. Bryan, and the Odd Fellows
and Rebekah degree lodges of this city
and outside towns. In order to avoid
co-nfusion and conflict of interests Mr.
Bryan visited the Pavilion shortly
after 7 o'clock. He was escorted there
by the Iroquois Club of this city, the
wives of some of the more prominent
i members of the club taking care of
Mrs. Bryan. The distinguished visit
ors were accorded all the courtesy pos
sible by the directors of the Agricul
| tural Society. They were shown all the
principal exhibits, which they enjoyed
very much. The committee of women
accorded Mrs. Bryan a cordial recep
| tion, and hundreds of the fair sex were
! introduced to her.
This was Odd Fellows' day at the
I fair. Members erf the order and of the
Rebekahs from neighboring towns be
gan arriving two days ago, and by 7:30
SUIT AGAINST
A PRISONER
Novel Case in Marin
County.
Sp-ecla! Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 7.— A suit of a
novel nature was riled In the Justice
Court to-day by C. M. Parker, In which
the defendant, Mrs. Grace Allison, is an
inmata of San Quentin Prison. This is
the List suit of the kind to be filed in Ma
rin County, If not In the State, and is at
tracting the attention of the legal fra
ternity on account of the strange compli
cations that may result if the suit is
heard at this time.
Mrs. Allison was arrested in San Fran
cisco on account of her connection with a
number of fake wedding bureaus, and
after a trial which attracted a goud deal
of public notice was convicted and sent to
San Quentin for live years. She has
served six months of this term, and has
vainly petitioned the Governor for a par
don on account of ill health.
Parker makes Mrs. Allison the defend
ant in a suit for V-W. which sum he claims
was loaned her anil never repaid. It Is
predicted that an attempt to bring her
here will prove as futile as In the case of
the two opium smugglers, Ferrez and
Furnish, who were arrested on a felony
charge and could not be brought here be
cause ex-Warden Hale wished Judge An
gellc.tti to issue an order to that effect,
and his Honor claimed that he had no
right to take such action. There is also
considerable speculation as to why Parker
should sue the woman at this time, when
she has over four years more to serve.
BANKERS' CONVENTION
ADJOURNS SINE DIE
Before the Close of the Session Officers
and Directors for the Next
Term Are Elected.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Sept. 7.— The clos
ing session of the American Bankers"
Association convention was held this
morning.
When the addresses had been concluded
the following officers were elected:
President— Walker Hill of St. Louis.
Vice president— Alva Trowbridge of
New York city.
Members of the executive committee —
Myron T. Herrick, president of the Soci
ety for Savings, Cleveland; Stuart G. Nel
*■'»] of New York. James Powers of Ken
tucky, Daniel Annon of Maryland, T. E.
Stevens of Nebraska. C. T. Lindsay of
Virginia, George Qrde, cashier of the
Northern Trust Company, Chicago; Cald
well Hardy, president Of the Norfolk Na
tional Bank, Norfolk, Va.; James Whit-
Ing, president People's Bank, Mobile,
Ala.; J. H. Ingerwollen, president Clinton
Savings Bank, Clinton, lowa.
One vice president for each State was
also elected, at the conclusion of the
election President Russ*ell was presented
with a beautiful loving cup by the mem
bers of the executive council, for which
he returned thanks in a brief speech.
After the Installation of officers and the
passage of resolutions expressing the ap
preciation of the ' convention for the
courteous treatment extended t« the visit-
Ing delegates by the people of Cleveland,
the convention was declared adjourned
sine die.
ACCIDENTALLY SHOOTS
AND KILLS HIS FRIEND
Stanley Mclntosh Picks Up a Pistol,
Which Explodes, Killing
Gus Powers.
REDDING, Sept. 7.— Word reached Red
ding to-day of a fatal accident which oc
curred at Harrison Gulch, fifty miles from
here, late Wednesday afternoon. At 3
o'clock this morning Messenger W. J.
Thurman arrived on a foaming horse. He
stated that Gus Powers, aged 20 years
hud been accidentally shot by Stanley
Mclntosh, a young merchant, by whom
he was employed.
Mclntosh picked up a pistol to examine
it. The gun went off atid the bullet en
tered the left hip of Powers, who was
standing near by. I>r. Wallace thought it
necessary to probe In the bowels for the
bullet, but Powers' brother would not al
low it.
Dr. J. M. Read of this city started at
once for Harrison Gulch, but was met on
the voad by another messenger, who said
Powers had died at 4 o"cloek this morn
ing. Mclntosh is distracted with grief.
Hoth young men were well known In the
county ar.d highly respected.
BRITISH INTERESTS
NEGLECTED IN CHINA
Charges Made That Lord Salisbury
Gives All His Attention to the
Transvaal Difficulty.
VANCOUVER, B. <\, Sept. 7.— Recent
advices received here from Shanghai and
IVklng indicate that .Britishers in China
appear to think that the Transvaal ditti
culty has caused Lord Salisbury' to lose
sight of the interests of Great Britain in
China. One paper declares that Lord Sal
isbury's neglect' of British Interests and
prestige In China is becoming a scandal.
To Britishers in Peking it seems that their
Government has entirely abandoned them
They are being left to defend their posi
tion as best they can. with no aid from
the Foreign Office, and Great Britain is
positively an open laughing stock in t.»e
Tsung-li Yamen and foreign legations at
Peking.
British advice is treated with derision
at the Yamen. and the Ministers of that
institution are preparing to surrender
themselves completely nni unresistingly
to every demand of Russia.
I 'uring a recent typhoon in China the
dyke of the Tsaongo River, near Shaosh-
Ing, Che Kiang. was breached in five
places, the inundation caused by the
breaches being widespread, hundreds of
houses being swept away by the flood
The local authorities are reported to be
doing their best to alleviate the distress
of the people, a majority of whom have
lost their all. It is further stated that
the loss of life was very great.
Carnegie for Parliament.
LONDON, Sept. B.— Andrew Carnegip, It
iB said, will be the next liberal candidate
for Parliament for Sutherlandshlre.
"Cam Ftor here." this Is the sign
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Peeamold Aluminum does it for them;
OpposlU "Call Bldg." 'tis a gem.
o'clock this evening the city was full
of Odd Fellows and members of kin
dred organizations. A monster parade
was held, traversing the principal
streets to the Pavilion.
The lodges turned out in full strength
and the parade was one of the largest
of the fraternal character ever seen in
this city. Edwood Bruner, past grand
master of the State, was the grand
marshal. At the pavilion Agricultural
Director Colonel Park Henshaw intro
duced the officers of the various lodges
to his colleagues. During the evening
a reception was held by the Rebekahs
in the space reserved for such purposes
where refreshments were served. The
reception committee of the Rebekahs
was as follows:
Mesdames H. C. Wolf. D. J. Mannix,
o. \Y. Brlewine, W. H. Tade, Joseph W.
Johnson. Jennie Washburn. B. Brome.
Ida Olmsted, John Kromex and M. For
rest and th-' Misses Hettle Wilson.
Norabell Timblin. Levinia Knight and
Lillle Kaufman.
The entertainment features at the
Pavilion to-night consisted of a special
ly prepared programme by the Expo
sition band, the musical Willards and
trapeze performances by the Flying
READY TO WAR
AGAINST TRUSTS
Many Governors Will
Attend Conference .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Sopt. 7.— Governor Joseph D.
Sayers, the chief promoter of the anti
trust conference of Governors ami Attor
neys General of the several States to "be
held in St. Louis from September JO to 25,
is pleased with the generous support
which the unique movement has received.
The assurances which he has received in
dicate that the attendance will be good,
and he expects that much benefit will re
sult from the conference. Governor. Lon
V. Stephens of Missouri has charge of the
arrangements for the reception and eirter
tainment of the guests in St. Louis. No
steps have been taken toward preparing
a programme for the meeting, and it is
likely that the discussion and proceedings
will bu without restraint and will take a
wide turn. It is understood that Gover
nor Sayers will submit the new anti-trust
law passed by the last Texas Legislature
to the convention with a view of securing
its indorsement by the representatives, o£
the Other Stairs present.
. The following is a complete list of the
Governors who have Bignitied their inten
tion to attend the proposed conference:
Joseph l ». Sayers of Texas, Benton -M.
McMillin of Tennessee, Lon V. Stephens
of Missouri. J. liun>- Tyler of Virginia,
H. S. Pingree of Michigan, Leland Loun
don of Maryland, A. D. Candler of
Georgia, W. A. Poynter of Nebraska,
Frederick H. Fancher of North Dakota,
Robert B. Smith of Montana, John IV
Tanner of Illinois, X. O. Murphy of Ari
zona and Ira T. Johnson of Alabama.
The following Governors have Informed
Governor Sayers that they will attend the
proposed conference If they can absent
themselves from their official dutif .- at
that time: Miguel A. Oi.ro of New Mex
ico, !)•■ Forest Richards of Wyoming, <;.
\V. Atkinson of West Virginia, William
A. Stone o: Pennsylvania, Asa S. Bush
nell of Ohio. Daniel L. Russell of North
Carolina, William O. Bradley of Ken
tucky, Leslie M. Shaw of lowa, W. I>.
Blacham of Florida and Charles s;.
Thomas of Colorado.
The following Governors have notified
Governor Sayor? that they will not attend
the meeting: Llewellyn I'owers of Maine,
James A. Mount of Indiana. J. R. Rogers
of Washington, Elisha Dyer of Rhode Isl
land, Theodore Roosevelt of New JTork,
Roper Wolcoti of Massachusetts and Juhn
G. Brady of Alaska.
The Attorneys General who have an
nounced their intention of attending the
conference are as follows: David M.
Campbell of Denver. Edward C. '"row of
Jefferson City, Jeff Davis of Little Rock,
W. L. Taylor of Indianapolis, C. B. Nolan
of Helena. Mont.. S. W. Bennett (special
counsel) of Columbus, T. S. Smith of Aus
tin.
The Attorneys Genera! who have signi
fied their intention to fittend If business
will permit are as follows: D. R. N.
Blackburn of Salem, Or., Tirey L .Ford
of San Francisco, A. A. Goddard of To
poka, J. A. Van Orsdel 6f Cheyenne, A.
C. Bishop of Salt Lake City, w. B. Lamar
of Tallahassee, J. M. Terrell of Atlanta,
A. J. Montague of Richmond, F. S. Mnn
nett of Columbus, Milton Remley of Dcs
Molnes. M. J. Cunning), am of New Or
leans. Edward I. Rucker of Charleston
and Zeb v". Walser of Raleigh.
The Attorneys General wh<> have noti
fied Governor Sayers that they will not
attend the conference are as follows:
Hosea M. Knowlton of Roston, Edward
L. Bartlett of Santa Fe. N. Mex.
REAR ADMIRAL PICKING
DIES OF APOPLEXY
Has Been Commander of the Boston
Navy Yard for Several
Months.
BOSTON, Sept. B.— Rear Admiral Pick
ing:, commanding the navy yard, died of i
apoplexy at an early hour this morning.
He was 59 years of age.
Henry F. Picking was a native of Penn
sylvania. He entered the naval academy
in 1557, and in June, IS6I, received his com
mission as acting master. During the first
two yearns of the Civil War ho was at
tached to the frigate St. Lawrence of the
i North Atlantic squadron, and was present
at the engagement with the Confederate
ram Merrimac and the Sewells Point bat
teries. In lSt>4 he was assigned to the iron
clad Nahant, becoming her commander a
year later. From 1866 to ISCS he was at
tached to the Swarata to cruise in West
Indian and European waters. In 1889 the
commander became a captain, and for a
year acted as hydrographer of the navy.
Later he was made a rear admiral and as
signed to duty at the Boston Navy Yard.
o
MRS. BUCKELEW'S WILL
FILED FOR PROBATE
Her Two Daughters Will Receive
the Whole of the
Estate.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 1.-Thfl will of
Mrs. Martha Buckelew. who died recently, i
was filed for probate to-day. Under the
terms of the will Mrs. John Allison ;m<l
Mrs. Cecilia Gardner, the two daughters
1 of the deceased, will receive the whole ol
I her estate, roughly valued at $100,000. At
i torney Reuben Lloyd is named as execu
tor without bonds. The estate Included i
the wharf at San Quentln Point, which
brings a monthly rental of SICKi. and a
number of shares of sti.ek in the San Ra
fae! and San Quentin Railroad.
Mrs. Ruckelew was the widow of the
■ man- who established the first newspaper
! In San Francisco, known as the Califor
i nian, and who founded California City,
S with the intention of making It a com
-1 mercial rival to San Francisco.
SHEEP BURNED TO DEATH.
Barn of Petßluma Slaughter Yard [
Destroyed.
PETALI'MA, Sept. 7.— At an early hour
this morning the barn at the slaughter
yards of C. W. Stolker in this city caught
fire. The barn contained eighteen tons of
hay. twenty-six sheep and three goats, all
of which .were consumed. A large num
ber of beef steers and hogs tn the annex |
to the barn were saved with difficulty, j
There was no Insurance on the property:
Sons of Vermont.
J. W. Taylor will lecture this evening on
"The Natives of the Philippines and What
They Suffered I'nder the Spaniards", be
fore the Sons of Vermont in Odd Fellows'
Hall. The lecture will be illustrated.
Banvards. Miss Ollie Frost rendered a
sailors' hornpipe dance in fine style, and
Eugene Coffin rendered a number of
vocal selections. One of the principal
features of the entertainment was a
vocal solo by Mrs. Walter Longbottom
of this city, which was superbly ren
dered. The programme for every after
noon in the Pavilion will consist of spe
cial entertainment for women .and chil
dren, and which are beginning to be
come 'very popular.
To-morrow will be Commercial Trav
elers' day. There will be a big parade
and a special entertainment for them
at the Pavilion. To-morrow night
there will be ballots for the fattest,
leanest, tallest, shortest and most
popular drummer. An address will be
made by the State president. There
will nlso be several comical features,
such as nail driving and laughing' con
tests. There will also be a cakewal'k
between a Mr. Wright and a Miss For
sythe and Coffin and Frost. The com
mercial travelers have commenced
celebrating to-night, and they are de
termined to make their day a com
plete success, a prediction that is
shared by almost every one in any way
acquainted with the merry travelers.
GRAVE SCANDAL
MAY RESULT
Gen. Brooke's Actions
Criticized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
Sept. 7. — Considerable comment has
been aroused here as a result of the
failure of General Brooke to impose a
tax upon railroads in Cuba and to car
ry out the department's instructions
relative to the imposition of a land tax,
and it is feared that another scandal
may result. Except for a small tax for
passengers and freight, both of which
are paid by the people and not by the
railroads, I learned to-day that the
corporations are not assessed one cent
for the protection they receive from the
Government. Not only do the roads
pay no taxes, but they charge exorbi
tant passenger and freight rates. Most
of the travel varies from more than 6
cents to nearly 15 cents per mile. Gen
eral Brooke himself has called the at
terrtion of the department to the ad
visability of reducing the tariff to a
uniform rate which will enable thepeo
ple of the island to freely use the
roads. The result of the imposition of
such a high tariff and .the exemption
of the roads from taxation is that the
railroads .are paying dividends of 15
and 20 per cent, and information re
( lived here shows that one of the roads
is paying a dividend of 3 and 4 per
rent a month. In an official report to
the War Department General Lee thus
describes the railroads in the provinces
under his command:
•There is a railroad from Reg
la across the harbor from Havana to
Bejucal, then in a westerly direction
by Guines to Matanzas; and still an
other from the city of Havana south,
then west by San Antonio de Los Banos
to Guanjay, in the province of Pinar
del Rio; and yet another which also
runs in a southern direction from Ha
vana by Buira de Melena, then west
war.lly to Pinar del Rio City. This is
known as the Western Railroad, and.
as far as I know, is an independent or
ganization.
"The stock in other railroads is
owned principally by Englishmen. In
addition to these railroads, there is also
one running from Havana some eisrht
miles to Mariano, and from that city
north a few miles to the oc^an.
"There are in all 1160 miles of track
age on the island, not including subur
ban and plantation roads. Englishmen
and Spaniards are largely interested in
railroad stock. I understand the Van
derbilts have made arrangements for
the purchase of a railroad in the prov
ince of Santiago de Cuba, but whether
the deal has finally been consummated
Is not known here.
"It has been estimated that by the im
position of a moderate tax on railroads
the internal revenue derived from the
island will be Increased by at least a
quarter of a million dollars. So far as
is known here. General Brooke has
taken no action contemplating any tax
upon the roads beyond the ticket and
freight taxes which are paid by pas
senger or shipper.
Instructions were sent to General
Brooke BOrne months ago to impose a
land tax, but up to this time, so far
as is known by the department, he has
not carried them out. It is possible
that he has been so busily engaged that
he has not been able to get at this
matter, or he may have taken action
a/id not informed the department. In
any event, the authorities would like
to "know just what General Brooke has
done in this connection."
NEW ELECTRIC ROAD
FOR PLUMAS COUNTY
D. M. Belong Makes Application for
a Franchise to the Board
of Supervisors.
QUINCT, Sept. 7.— D. M. de Long ap
peared before the Board of Supervisors
to-day and asked for a franchise to con
struct an clpctrie railway up the north
fork of Feather River tßrough Plumas
County. Alter half a day's discussion of
the application the board decided to ad
vertise for bids for the sale of the fran
chise The matter will be disposed of at
the November meeting of the Supervisors.
I'nlimitofl electric power can be devel
oped along the north fork. The road is
to be of the standard gauge, and the time
limit for the completion of the work is
fixed ai live years. The road will be over
the route surveyed by Kennedy for the
Sail FranclSCO and Salt Lake Railway in
1893 through Heckwith Pass.
it Is surmised by some that this electric
road is connected with some transcontl- j
nental line seeking to reach San Fran
cisco The road would develop great mm- |
ing resources and the finest timber belt |
in the northern part of the State.
MODJESKA GETS A FROST.
Greeted by a Small Audience at
Pasadena.
PASADENA, Sept. 7.— Mine. Helen E.
Modjeska, who is touring Southern Cali
fornia towns previous to appearing in San
Francisco on the evening of the 25th inst.,
presented "Mary Stuart" to a small house
here this evening.
Manager H. C. Wyatt of the Los An
geles Tb who has taken the local
house for the season, said to-night that
Modjeska Is still the leading artist in
America. He regards to-night's small at
tendance as no criterion to the winter's
business here, because -many residents are
at the beaches. Modjeska appears at San
Bernardino to-morrow hlght, at Riverside
Saturday and then a week at Los An
geles. _
S Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a |
I marvel of beautiful illustrations j j
i _/te half-tone work being es- jjjj
I pecially fine.
THE EMPORIUM.
I MAKE YOUR purchases TO-DAY I \
1 CLOSED ADMISSION DAY. j
* • (tip Concert Saturday (flight.) J
* . _ . . *
» Fletcher* fe raP*^" and Fletcher*
* D.ii 10 to 12 ™ Ool<l«nVtlllett2tZA.A.r. "^ "A Show in 4
* a.m.. 2t05 p. m.C/dJrmniASUDCEST^- AMERICA'S CRAhDEST STORE. Himself." <
£ // c ALL-DA^ *J*£~S <
J // *sf>£C/AL Sales— // J
I Remnants Dress Goods. %
* One- Quarter Off Marked Prices. «
% Our entire stock of several . hundred Colored Dress J
J Goods Remnants, including many of this season's J
* choicest fabrics, in lengths that are suitable for waists, skirts 4
J and children's dresses, will be on sale Friday only at one-quarter *
* off the already reduced prices. 4
I £§^ «w Fancy Ribbons. \
2 <^Zr.¥Z'- Wf,br The 25c Grade for 14c.
% /J^~j^S3 (I If iooo yards only of one of this season's *
t <S||§||M Iftll most desirable All-Silk Fancy Rib- J
* rTxW^l'J' \|[\%\ bons, 2,1 inches wide, exquisite light color- *
* V l\\\\ /A\l " 1 " s ' su itable for neckwear and millinery *
* •\\tii^i^iJi^ f purposes, "imported to sell at 25c yard, on «
& v^*^a^^r special sale this day only at 14c 1
* Friday Only. ■ Friday Only. J
% Boys' s6 **ds7 Suits Imported j
5 for $4.95. r^ Dentifrice, & J
? For this day only we of- ; y j^'ffe* ' 'Is •
» fer a choice of four f^ j *" li-^ *■
\ & patterns in AH-Wool v&A. !^ au Dentifrice Bal- f^j^^l ♦
* L'ng Pants Suits for /W\ i ?a mique, made by p^=^ J
Boys 13 to 19 years /*r^f\ n *. r> i. r\a kMOf«T/«?. *
* o d Every suit is in / Y& \ Gustavßoehm,Offen- *^ % «
* the new fall Btyle /^ ' 1 bach, Germany. A baua/iiquc v
* and made up with the r ' It fewdrops in a glass igusTAVMEHfi ♦
» f reatest care. We \& \[ of water makes a fWfumeur *
{ farWt'h.Td'.h^ \Aii delid ° US tooth or .wo. «
*. that we sell to be bi.-, ] V ry^ mouth wash. RegU- h- .^^ *
* honest values tor your J\ \ larly 35c bottle: to- j|^ s^J *
J mone'-. From thes? 111 day. ........ 21 C 2
i suits we guarantee 111 * * JJ^JJV^ .• , . J
? wear and satisfaction I\\ r- -j y^v / !l
■J 'eqml to suits that you I \\ triaCLV Only. J.
J ■jTHd'TtelS Ij Ruined Curtains, J
* our price to-day only y/^*' .. _. . K^t* *
* will be $4.95 | I^IM '/ °^ c * J
* • |l jggj: |i T The Big Store *
j Friday Only. mWSm ™*iEc£ S
* POSi'jlStr We offer or this |!^ }§P < ''\Vi\ and Bed- "*
Amm ' O/l a . v on ' v 'ebt i\t I^W'W'lv room Cur- *
«, SVa US C, dC CrO« new publica l^Sfe\\\W tains, hand- J
* tions. among them two of the most popu- | | j^ Vj^^\ some ruffled «
* lar pieces of the day. Per copy ..20 Cjj ■} ' if, curtain.-, mu3-
a Senas- \^b™ ' H « an:l scr ! m *
S "necause," by Howitz and Bowers. 1/ ! =rMl\ \ effectis.special "9 1
•T "Two Hoses." IL Ji/^; "--ff?^K for this day ♦
i ''ronnoT, Romance. only, per P - ir «
"Just as the Sun Went Down." , 620 "
* instrumental— *
«- "Petit" waltz. Frj/inv D«/i> X
& "Gloire Me Dijon Intermezzo." rTIUUy VJUIy. «
» "The Polka Is the Dance for Me." j- _ _ _ . /^ m _ ~*.^. ♦
5 Cheviot Caps, 33c. *
{ /Way O«/^. • Boys' Blue >s^^^^=^ v *
* Sale of There is no wash Cheviot Caps. o^/^. i^V^\ 2
* „ I fabric as u«efu! as not the flat- Nta^£; Jgf i
* HerCßieS. Percales. They are top kind, but l^^^Jm__}j^J^l J
J / serviceable at 3 11 seasons of the year, the pretty
* The bite sore offers about 75 pieces of new shape in picture, patent-leather
* the best 36-inch standard 12^'c makes visor, with red patent-leather edge, +
A for this day only at exactly h;'l r price — regularly 50c each, on special sale «
» per yard ; 6 1-4-C to-day 330 *
*• . |
% Friday Only. Friday Only. «
£ Mvn's Balnriggan Groceries— Half ■ dozen *
; Underwear, 38c. Liquors. IZZtI I
fbr"/Ai> d JV only we offer 20 dozen fine this day oT))y# Fend name and addreS3 «
» heavy ribbed Babrugan Underwear fcr a cop 7 of our Grocery Catalogue *
» (hirts and drawers), m nice shade of; ;or Septembar. Direct Grocery Tele- *
* salmon pink, drawers re-enforced and phone— South 59. -, i
» finished with sateen facings, as good • \. J
50c garments as can be produced, a' 1 Sardines— A. Roche imported [4s to- *
r regular s zes, per garment 38c day, per tin 7o
J 'Limit, one domett to a customer.) X
■8> Fririnv Dm/ii Olive Oil— Fine California product, <■
j rr/auv ysruv. , to d;:yi pint bottle 250 «
I Children Chi !^ e " 3 2 . xl Vtra/fiufs and Almonds-
1 25g»HnSSt*17f I "I ian y, regn'arly 20c In, to-day, while I
* ifcwtr nvotS m m fr« heavy fuar- 1 , . o ™ . «» ♦
i .■■ , ,  , „ nit tt our supply lasts. 2 lbs for 25c «
* ante^d fast black Maco Cotton Hose. ' 1 mmrr «•*»«* 1
* No b?tter stocking mide for rough Sweet Wines— Muscat, Malaga, ]
* weir. The standard price is and always Madeira and Angelica, regular y 50c J
J was 25c per pair. On special sale for bottle - today I bottles for $f.OO J
.5 this day only at 17c Bourbon Whiekey-Qayrt Demi- «
A 0r...., 3 pairs for sOc joans, regularly 83c, to-day 65c ♦
PRAYS DAY AND NIGHT
WITHOUT FOOD OR SLEEP
Henry Smith of Pasadena Trying to Make
Up for Time Lost While
a Backslider.
Q PASADENA, Sept. 7.— Henry Smith has been praying almost con- Q
A stantly at the Peniel Mission for the past week. He began praying the A
v' day before yesterday, and prayed until yesterday afternoon — twenty- '
four hours — without food or sleep. *"
Q After a meal he resumed and prayed until 4 o'clock this morning. V
* Then he slept, and again resumed his prayer at 9 o'clock. He hopes to *
(/ make up for the time since his backsliding from conversion a year ago, ()
-X He is twenty-two years old and has been supported by the Young *■
/) Men's Christian Association here. ■ A
BOLD BURGLAR IS
BETRAYED BY BELLS
He Enters Mrs. S. M. Wilson's Resi-
dence, but Is Frightened Off by
an Electrical Alarm.
A bold burglar entered the residence of
Mrs. Samuel M Wilson, 711 Pine street,
shortly before midnight last night and
while moving through the house set oft*
a burglar alarm. Mrs. Wilson had just
returned home when the tinkling of the
bell reached her ears and she sent a ser
vant to her room to investigate. He found
the window open, but no one around and
be so reported to his mistress.
About a half hour later another burglar
alarm rang and this time a Chinese ser
vant and the butler were sent to the din
ing room to investigate. On their en
trance they discovered a burly intruder,
but were so frightened at the sight that
they fled from his presence incontinently.
Mrß, "Wilson was possessed of more cour
THE EMPOBrrjM.
age and she immediately communicated
with the California street station and also
aroused the neighborhood by blowing a
police whistle.
A squad of officers were soon on the
scene and they began a systematic but
unsuccessful search for the burglar. A
thorough investigation showed that not a
thing had been taken.
It is believed that the burglar made his
escape into the street immediately after
his discovery. A description of him was
given the police and it is expected he will
soon be apprehended.
Dental Coileg-e Officers.
The California College of Dental Sur
gery last evening elected Dr. S. W. Dennis
dean and Dr. A. D. Gleaves secretary, and
the following faculty: C. G. Kenyon
M. D. ; H. E. Gedge, M. D.. D. D. S. ; C. C
Dennis, D. D..5. : J. P. Lefevre. M. D. ; a!
D. Gleaves. D. D. S. ; Rafaeli Lorini. M. D.;
S. W. Dennis. M. D.. D. D. S. ; R. L. Tay
lor. D. D. S.; H. M. McQueen, Ph.G. The
lectures and infirmary will open October
1 in the Supreme Court building.
56
FRIDAY..." SEPTEMBER 8, 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE ...Market and Third Sts.. S. F
. Telephone Main ISCB. . . - ■
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IST*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 10 CENTS PER WEEK.
Ptnsl° Copies. -0 cents.
Terms by Mai!. Including Postal:
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call), one year f«.OO
DAILY CALL (Including S-.in.lay.CalD. 8 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month *K»c j
(-• x: AY CALL One Year : 1.50 |
WEEKLY CALL One Tear x -°° [
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when rsquested.
OAKLAND OFFICE / 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESB.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW. YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LL'KENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria •■■<: A. Brentano, 31 Union Square',
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Bells."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. *
Tivoli — "Carmen."
Alcazar— "Christopher Jr."
Grand Opera bouse "El Capitan."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, -re.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hitMt. __________————
AUCTION SAXES.
By Easton. Eldridgi £.- Co.— rueeday, September 12, at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at ■"- Market street.
DENNERY S RETIREMENT
PUBLIC sentiment has accomplished one vici
•ard of He.i tb by forcing the re~:g
--: y from the position of
secretary to the hoard and compelling it in selecting
>c a man oi very d-.tferent moral
ter. To that extent there will be a general
■ ■ ng all good citizens over
nnouncement of Dennery' s retirement
The board, however, in relieving itself of the Dan
id not have the courage or perhaps
tself wholly from the politi
th whom it is associated and in whose
■ jhamelessly active. To fill the
acanc;, • • ■■ ■ ■•■ 1 retirement of the un
• the Rums gang it chose a man
vho, w onally far superior to Dennery, is
;olitically not much hetter. since he is a representa
the railroad ring in politics. Thus, as the
Jurns rut - ut the Herrin man steps in. and ali
- tisfaction of knowing
pular indignation has been felt by the board
md has induced that body to clean itself to some ex-
As it now • ■ ird is a thorough railroad
!t wa^ appointed at the dictation of
road by a Govei ■ rvient to the railroad
up of men who are either railroad
elves or are closely connected with
ins, and is as ready as ever to use the
Ith Department for the purpose
ncing the fortunes of the push who serve the
tics.
id as it \va=. It
loubted that the retirement of Dennery
ig ■ the severity of the popular con
n ot his appointment in the first place. That |
■ encouragement for continuing
■ • ■ • • . •■'■ rts to make the Board of
urce of political corruption instead of a
health. In the end a complete vic
i people.
Democratic oratory are. limitless.
Ailiiam Jennings Bryan has associated the wonders
>f the Yosemite wiih the free coinage of silver at
6 to i.
A CORRECTION,
L Monday The Call, in reviewing the in
trigues now under way to bring about the elec
tion of Dan Burns to the United States Senate
at an f.xtr. the Legislature, published an 1
estimate made by a well-informed member of that
body of the way the Republican Senators and Assem
blymen would probably vote if the extra session were j
held. In th"c estimate certain members were classified !
as being in favor of a caucus, some against it and
tful.
.. In the article in which the estimate was given The
inted out that it differed in some respects
from information The Call had obtained from other
and therefore could not be accepted as alto
gether accurate Despite that statement some of our i
contemporaries appear to have taken it as the esti
mate of The Call itself, and we refer to it for the
purpo sipating that error.
The Fresno Democrat, in discussing the subject,
makes upon it many comments, some good, some bad. i
and some indifferent. Two of these are worth
notice. In the first place the Democrat joins with The
Call and the pre^s generally in condemning the pro
posed extra session as a threatened wrong to the
State and the taxpayers. In the second place it points
out that in the estimate made by the member of the
Legislature and published in The Call Senator Rowell
of Fresno is put on the doubtful list, and says: "The j
Democrat does not believe that there can be any
doubt in Dr. Rowell's mind. He has in person and ,
through his paper championed another man's .cause.
The Senator from this district has at least probity and ;
consistency in his record up to date, and it is difficult
to < redit the supposition that he would favor an
c tr.t session if he entertained the faintest idea that
ite would, as has been claimed, be disgraced
!iy the outcome."
The Call cordially approves the commendation thus
given to the firmness ;md consistency of Senator
Bowel!. It is not at all likely that he is doubtful on j
such an issue as is presented in this case. The fact
that he and others were wrongly classified in the list
was the reason why The Call was. so careful to ppint '
out at the time thai it could not be fully relied upon.
It was published solely as a part of the news of the !
day, to show what calculations are being made on this j
question of so much interest to the peoplf
MORE TALK IN THE TRANSVAAL.
WHILE the evasive reply of President Kruger
to the proposals of the British Government
may not have the same effect in turning away
| wrath that a soft answer would have had, it never
i theless serves the purpose of postponing hostilities,
continuing the negotiations and providing an oppor-
I tunity for the sou answer to come in later on.
Despite the recent declaration of Secretary Cham- [
berlain that Great Britain would refuse to tolerate
j further evasion on the part of the Boers it is not at
all likely the British Government will neglect to avail
itself of the new chance given for a peaceable solution
of the South African troubles. The prbmise of the
Boers sounds fair at least, and if it be rejected the
sympathies of the world will be on their side.
In the course of the answer the Transvaal Govern
ment, after declaring it has never desired Great Brit
am to abandon any rights possessed by virtue of the
London convention cf 1884, or by virtue of interna
tional law. and reasserting upon the question of
suzerainty the position taken in former dispatches,
takes up the proposals of Chamberlain for a joint
commission to undertake an inquiry into the alleged
grievances of Britisli subjects in the Transvaal, and
says: "Considering that by these proposals Great j
Britain does not aim at any interference in the affairs ,
of the Transvaal, and that the action would not be re- j
garded as a precedent, but has solely for its object I
ascertain whether the franchise law fulfills its purpose,
the Transvaal Government will a.vaitthe ulterior pro
posals of Great Britain as to the eventual constitution
of such commission, as well as the place and the time
of meeting."
A reply of that nature affords no excuse for a
declaration of war nor for an ultimatum. The only
issue Great Britain can make out of it would be the
implied rejection of the claim of suzerainty, but as
that implication -is accompanied by an express declare
tion that the Boers have no desire to dispute any fight
which may have accrued to Great Britain under the
treaty of 1884, it is not easy to see how an issue could
be raised even on that point unless Chamberlain
■ should concede that the treaty gives the British no
right to suzerainty.
Judging of the situation from this distance it ap
pears the British have everything to gain by a wait
ing policy and' nothing to gain by war. There is a #
liberal party in the Transvaal which if left free to
deal with the problems of the country will certainly
sooner or later give encouragement to the con
of new railroads, the opening of
mines, the building of factories and the dev< I
opment of a complex civilization out of the pas
toral community that holds the land. If the British
interfere, the liberals will inevitably side with 'their
fellow countrymen again>t the foreigners, and the
result will be a conservative reaction, whose effc
could not be overcome for years, even if the country
were overrun by the British.
Moreover, it is by no means certain the country
can be overrun. The Boers have strnne allies amoi
their kinsmen not only in Orange Free State but in •
Cape Colony itself. In addition to that they are
among the sturdiest fighter* and best marksmen
known to. the world. In former battles with British
troops the superiority of their fire has enabled them
to slaughter their foes with comparatively little loss
to themselves. At Laings Neck 174 British were killed
in a few minutes, while the loss of the Boers was
trifling. At Ingogo River the British lost 150 out of
270 men engaged, and the loss of the Boers was but
eight. At Majuba Hill the British lost 226 men out
of a force of 400, and the Boers but one.
Such marksmen are not to be assailed without
cause, and the British Government will doubtless take
advantage of Kruger's offer and postpone the ulti
matum. -
The Dominicans seem as ready to take liberties
with the language as they are ready to upset their
governments. That little affair in San Domingo
which began with the assassination of the Presidem,
developed in the death of scores of Dominican sol
diers and ended in the accession of 'a new executive
is now called an evolution and not a revolution.
The English advocates before the Anglo-
Venezuelan Boundary Commission insist that America
bases her contentions upon a whim. The whimsii
ity of. the affair did not strike the British so forcibly
when American guns threatened to be the arbiters.
THE CAMPAIGN IN OHIO.
OHIO is no longer an "October State," and
consequently the campaigns there are .no
longer watched intently for signs and por
tents of what the general elections in November wili
bring forth. Neither is it this year the doubtful
State it has been in former times, for all prospects
indicate a Republican victory. Nevertheless the con
test there is interesting, for it is very sure to be the
most exciting of the year.
Each of the greater States of the Union has some
characteristic which distinguishes its politics from
that of any other State. The characteristic of Ohio
is faction fighting within party lines. Hardly a cam
paign takes place there which is not marked to a great
degree by personal antagonisms, and these frequently
have as much to do as anything else in determining
the result at the polls.
The Republicans of the State this year are fairly
well united, and yet it is safe to say that some of the
men who were so active in the effort to defeat the
election of Ilarma to the United States Senate will
knife the ticket this fall by way of revenge. In the
Democratic party the factions are sure to rage bit
terly, for John R. McLean, the nominee For Gov
ernor, has been a most desperate faction fighter him
self in times past and bushwhacked Thunnan and
Pendleton in the days of their supremacy with a
vigor that finally defeated them and drove them from
office.
It is not easy to determine what ambition has
prompted McLean to set himself up for Governor
this year, for he' appears to have assumed the leader
ship of a forlorn hope and put himself in a position
a here the friends of Thurman and Pendleton can
even up old scores. He has not been regarded as 2.
fool in times past, however vicious he may have been.
and hence some have drawn the conclusion that he
sees a chance to win, and is willing to run the risk
because if successful it will advance his ambition to
become the candidate, of his party for the Presidency
next year.
The platform on which he has chosen to stand U
one of the most extraordinary claptrap constructions '
ever put together even by the Democratic party in
these days of Rryanism. It reaffirms the wild doc
trines of the Chicago platform and emphatically' in
dorses the demand for the free coinage of silver at the
ratio of 16 to r, and then proceeds to denounce "the
secret and vicious alliance now 'in evidence between
England and the Republican administration whereby !
this nation may become involved in war with foreign..
nations."
The most glittering plank in the whole platform, 1
however, is that which declarer: "Political bosses
are to be detested, and are inimical to our form of 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1899.
government. Bosses represent simply a concentration
of political power, or a ring. They live and exist
through jobs and schemes loaded upon the taxpay
ers. They substitute their rule in their party for the
rule of its voters. ' They select the nominees, who, ii
elected, remain their tools, and administer their offi
cial powers in the interest of their boss and not for
the people. The Republican party in Ohio is now in
such control."
Thus the intelligent voters of Ohio are asked to
support for Governor one of the notoriously bad
bosses in politics upon a platform denouncing bosses.
It is one of the most brazen exhibitions of audacity
ever given, and yet the man who devised the plan of
campaign and by putting himself at the head of it has
staked his political fortunes on the result is generally
supposed to be an astute politician. He will of course
make a. hard fight, and. despite the odds against him,
the campaign is going to be interesting to the whole
nation.
The Coroner of Nevada City has broken the record
for fidelity which characterizes his tribe. Two men
were blown to atoms the other day in a mine, and
before that night was over the Coroner had collected
the remains and had them in the town.
NATIVE SONS AND VOLUNTEERS.
Q DMISSIOX DAY wiH receive this year one of
/ \ the most glorious celebrations in the annals of
the State. That much is. already assured by
the preparations that have been made by the Native
Sons and Native Daughters, into whose hands the
preparations for the observance of the annual festival
have been committed by common consent in all parts
of the State. ,
The chief scene of the celebration will be at Santa
Cruz, where arrangements have been made on a grand
scale. Along with the Native Sons will go the men
ot the First Regiment of California Volunteers, whose
service in the Philippines has added a new luster to
th: history of the State and augmented the patriotic
pride of its people. That their presence will add to
the enthusiasm of the occasion goes without saying.
for the ardot of the reception given them on their
arrival in this city attests tlie honor in which they are
held by the great mass of their fellow countrymen.
( >n each returning Admission day we rejoice in the
greatness and prosperity of the commonwealth and
with a fond pride recount the many features that en
dear it to its people and excite the admiration of the
rest of the Union. On this occasion we shall have
reason to exult also in the proof that has been given
that the youth of the State is in every way worthy of
the noble heritage that is theirs and equal to the
arduous requirements of the lofty destiny that awaits
it as tlfe empire State of the Pacific. California can
to-day regard her sons with as much pride as they
regard her. In the fields of war as well as in the pur
suits of peace they have upheld her cause and illus
trated her devotion to the Union and to the welfare
of humanity.
Santa Cruz has robed her streets in festal array for
the reception of the Native Sons and -Volunteers.
The beautiful city by the sea has been the chosen spot
of many a gathering and the scene of many a festi
val, but for none were more brilliant preparations
marie than for the visitor? who are now to celebrate
within her precincts the anniversary of the admission
of California to the Union. It is to be a great day
in her history, and her people are well aware of it.
A genuine Califomian welcome awaits every visitor,
and it is a foregone conclusion the celebration will be
in all respects one of social enjoyment as well as of
patriotic enthusiasm.
An Oakland woman is resisting her husband's plea
of divorce because of her intemperance on the ground
that her lord and master taught her the liquor habit.
She evidently thinks that a good teacher ought to take
pride in an apt pupil.
DECLARATIONS recently made by the counsel
for Colonel Carter have had the effect of divid
ing public sentiment on the ca^e and giving to
the situation an aspect bearing in many respects ri
striking resemblance to the Dreyfus case. In the
American as in the French affair we have an officer of
the army tried by court-martial and condemned, a
charge of wrongful conviction brought about by a
giant conspiracy, a demand for a new trial in the
civil courts, and an array of evidence put forth by
attorneys of good standing to support their extra
ordinary assertions of injustice on the part of the gen
eral staff of the army.
Before the recent .declarations were made the press
of the country was unanimous in calling for the pun
ishment of Carter in accordance with the findings oi
the court-martial. The fact that for nearly two years
since his conviction he has been permitted full free
dom and full pay has been regarded as a public scan
dal. It was everywhere cited as a proof that while
small offenders arc punished the larger rascals, whose
robberies run up into the millions of dollars, go free
by reason of corrupt influe-nces exerted by powerful
friends. At present, however, a considerable num
ber of the leading newspapers of the country see in
the neglect to punish Carter an evidence that the
authorities are by no means satisfied he was rightly
condemned.
The counsel for Carter contend that a detail of
officers such as composed the court-martial was ut
terly unfit to handle such a complex question, and
that «uch tribunals, regardless of their personal char
acter and intentions, are by reason of their lack of
training and competency "organized to convict."
Thus the argument for the defense is based upon the
unfitness of the court-martial to try the case, the al
leged irregularity of the procedure, the competency
of the witnesses heard for the prosecution and the
evidence elicited. The brief states explicitly and em
phatically that there lias been no attempt to delay con
sideration of the case, that no appeal has been made
in the defendant's behalf by his counsel or friends to
the President or anybody else for mercy, but, on the
contrary, that an effort has been sedulously made to
get a final decision; and full responsibility is accepted
by counsel for the silence of the defendant in regard
to the charges made.
On the showing made there has already sprung up
a strong sentiment in favor of a rehearing of the case
by a civil tribunal. As the New York Times says
concerning the assertion of Carter's counsel that he
is entitled to acquittal without a retrial: "Whether
or not we accept his conclusion that there is no
ground for the retrial of Captain Carter, we must ac
cept his conclusion that there is no ground for his
retrial by court-martial. The review of the case makes
this very plain. If Captain Carter has committed an
offense it is an offense cognizable by civil courts of
justice, and to these his accusers should be, referred."
The men of the Marblehead complain that in their
long voyage around the Horn they suffered the
rigors of three winters in four months. They should
draw comparisons and remember that they gave the
Spaniards more than the heat of four summers in one
day ,
OUR DREYFUS COSE.
BIG PLANS FOR REACHING
THE SOUTH POLE
UNDER this heading Gilbert 11. Grosvenor contributes a prospectus of the
two Antarctic expeditions that are soon to be sent out under British and
German auspices respectively. Says Mr. Grosvenor in the National Geo
graphical Magazine, August:
"Announcement is made that the British Government is ready to grant
a subsidy of $200,000 for the Antarctic expedition that is to set out In the summer
of 180] under iho joint patronage of the Royal Society and of the Royal Geo
graphical Society, and unless the promoters of the German expedition are being
misled in their expectations, the Reichstag will soon guarantee substantial aid
to the German national expedition. » * • The plans of :he (British) expedition
have not yet been fully determined In all their details, but It has been decided that
:!:>• ship slirill follow what Is known as the South American route, sailing from
the South Shetland Islands southward to Alexandria Land. Here, at about 70
degrees south by 90 degrees west, a landing will be mad' "if practicable, and the
first station established. Continuing onward, their course being dependent upon
the amount of ice encountered, the party expects to establish on Cape Adare,
Victoria Land, a second station, from which the great dash for the South Pole
■will- be attempted, and in the vicinity of -which the principal scientific -work will
be accomplished. * » •
"The principal danger to navigation in the Antartic region is not ice
pressure, for the currents radiate outward' and not inward, but rather the
stormy nature of the sea. Captain Dryga-lski, leader of the German expedition,
proposes, therefore, to construct his ship on lines that will Insure seaworthiness.
This he believes can Vie secured by a vessel stanchly built of wdod, with strong
internal sup*l";rts, which will at the same time afford protection against pow
erful magnetic influences.
"The Kerguelen Islands, lying in the Indian Ocean at 70 degrees east by 50
degrees south and open to navigation at all seasons of the year, are to be the
starting point. From these islands the route follows a line southwestward to
some point on Wilkes Land, where a winter station will be built upon the edge
of the ice-sheet and systematic observations taken. In the early spring an
advance will be attempted on sleds across the ice In the direction of the mag
netic pole, and In the fall a return will be made In a westerly direction along
the litil<>-known const of Wilkes Land. Perhaps the party will be able to reach
tli.- mofit southerly known land. Victoria Land, discovered by Ross In 1842. As
the English explorers are to build a station on the edge of this same Victo
ria Land and thence proceed southward as well as along Wilkes Land, Victoria
Land will be the objective meeting ground of both expeditions. But natur
ally no geographic limits can be set in a region about which scarcely a single
conclusion can be formed."
It is believed that the following year will be specially favorable for Antarctic
work, we are told by Mr. GrosvenoV, as we are now in a warm temperature period
and the ice in those regions is at a minimum. Mr. Grosvenor concludes his notice
with the following paragraph:
"The advantages, both from a geographic and general scientific point of view,
of a further exploration <>f the South Polar regions have been so repeatedly set
forth that it is hardly necessary to enlarge upon them here. Briefly they may be
stated as: the verification or disproof of the existence of a vast Antarctic con
tinent; The determination of the origin of the cold ocean currents which have
their rise in the South; the study of t.ie nature of Ice itself, of the differences be
tween lnnd Ice, sea ice, river ice, etc.: and the investigation of the conditions
of fctmospheric pressure and temperature, of volcanic action, and of terrestrial
magnetism within the Antarctic-circle."
COMMUNICATIONS
OUR FUTURE TRADE
WITH THE PHILIPPINES
To the Editor of The Call-Sir: There is
no Californlan so lacking In good sense
as not to wish that San Francisco's trade
with the Philippines may "multiply and
still increase." On the question how best
to secure that desirable end opinions'
differ.
Some are impressed with the idea that
trade necessarily follows the flag. Were
this the case Spain should In the past
have had the lion's share of Philippine
trade. I'he figures given in this years
United States Agricultural Year Book
show thai such was not the case. Great
Britain had nearly 34 per cent; Spain
merely 18 per cent, while the United States'
share was about 10 per cent only. This
current years figures will of course show
an abnormal Increase. It will be well for
our morehants to note that this years
returns will be necessarily abnormal. Ihe
goods exported from San Francisco have
beta in the main for the supply of our
own citisena temporarily residing in the
islands, either as soldiers or civilians. The
liquor trad-: is an example of this, the
statement having been made that since
the American invasion 4H2 saloons have
been opened in Manila alone. Of course
with the return of our army this trade
would be likely to discontinue.
The general trade of the islands would
follow In the main its usual channels,
which is simply saying the products
would follow the best demand— the coun
tries wanting most Manila hemp would
buy most Manila hemp, and so on with
the sugar and other products, unless
change of tariff caused alteration. The
Philippine demand for imported goods
would be very much the same as before
the war, unless consumption is diminish
ed by a serious diminution of consumers
slaughtered in war, or by the impoverish
ment of the residue from the wastes and
discouragements of war.
Probably out best chance of holding
and increasing our trade is to make the
Filipinos our friends as rapidly and ef
fectually us may be, by assuring them
their entire independence. Gratitude for
benefits conferred is usually a more po
tent factor in Inducing friendly inter
course than is hatred and lust for revenge
consequent on injuries suffered. The con
sumption of tea in Boston was not in
creased by King George's pig-headed op
pression. America free and friendly is
alike Britain's mart and Britain's gran
ary. Filipinos free and friendly will be
not only far "more creditable, but far more
profitable to America than Filipinos sul
len, conquered and impoverished from
protracted war.
That we may yet use sucii a policy as
Funston recommends of less gunpowder
and more conciliation is the desire, sir,
of many Californians, including yours
truly, EDWARD BERWICK,
Monterey. September 6, 1599.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PRESIDENT McKINL,EY— G. D., City.
President McKinley was born in Niles,
Ohio, February 26, 1544.
TOM KEBNE— C. T. S.. City. Thomas
W. Kerne, the actor, died in New York
City May 30, 1598. He was born on
Staten Island, N. V., October 26, 1840.
BOXING CONTEST-A. 8., City. Ama
teur clubs that have boxing contests
within the clubroom for members and do
not charge an admission fee, are not re
quired to take a special permit in San
Francisco.
NO SUCH OFFICIAL—E. S.. French
Camp, Cal. There is no such official as
"German Consul General " at Washing
ton, D. C, but there is the Embassador
Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary from
Germany, Herr yon Hoiiehen. The office
of the embassy is at 1435 Massachusetts
avenue, N. W., in that city.
CUBA— Reader. City. It was during the
reign of Louis Philippe of France that
Spain offered to sell Cuba, Puerto Rico
and the Philippines to France. The ne
gotiations went so far as to signing the
necessary papers. The price demanded ny
Queen Christina was thirty millions of
reales (about $1,500,0001 for Cuba and ten
millions more for Puerto Rico and the
Philippines. At the last moment the nego
tiations fell through by reason of Louis
Philippe asking for a reduction of the sum
of three millions on the price named for
Puerto Rico and the Philippines. The
matter was dropped and never taken up
again by either nation.
HE CANNOT—'- D., City. A foreigner
who comes to the nlted States and in
due course of time becomes naturalized
cannot be nominated for the highest of
fice in the land, namely, that of Presi
dent of the United States, as that is pro
hibited by the constitution.
A COTTERS BABE-K. L., City. The
following lines:
"Here and there a cotter's babe is born
by right divine,
Hert and there my lord is lower than his
oxen or his swine,"
Are from Tennyson's "Lockley Hall"
("Sixty Years After"), stanza 63.
THE WAR RESOLUTICWS— R. H..
City. The following is the wording of the
resolutions generally known as the "war
resolutions":
Resolved— By the Senate and House of Rep
! resentatlves of the United States of America.
j in Congrresa assembled: First — That the flen
ple of the island of Cuba are and of rifiht
ought to be free and Independent. Second—
That it is the duty of the United States to
demand, and the Government of the United
States do* 1 ? hereby demand, that the Govern
ment of Spain at once relinquish its authority
! nrirt government in the island of Cuba and
j withdraw Its land and naval forces from Cuba
I and Cuban waters. Third— That the President
FROM SOCIETY SWELL
TO PAUPER.
,-''•' : i'- The man who introduced the Prince of
; Wales to New York society bel es is now
______ - ________^_ in one of our charitable institutions.
WHICH WILL WIN?
- . Complete story of the contest for the
1 1*| America's cup.
THE GREATEST WINERY IN
Next mmcx
YOM KIPPUR.
|I"HIiJ4/ C Its signification to the Jev/s.
THE GIRL BACHELORS OF
■C a || ' SAN FRANCISCO.
Who they are and how they enjoy their
independence.
======= STORIES OF THE CAMP.
September 10, A b °y who "beat 1 ' jhis way to Manila
to nurse his sick brother and a Colo-
-1899. ra do volunteer who has fallen heir to
$4,000,000.
' . .
™— —■——■— ————1 — — — MB^_ — HVS_ — — ■— — — «_M m
PRINCE HENRY OF PRUSSIA,
\ Who will visit San Francisco.
FICTION, FASHIONS AND HOUSEHOLD
AFFAIRS.
of the United States! -be and he hereby Is di
rected and empowered to use the entire land
and naval forces of the United States and to
can into actual service of the United States
the militia of the several States to the extent
as may be necessary to carry this resolution
into effect. Fourth— That the United States
hereby disclaims any disposition or intention
to exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction or con
trol ovtr said i^lar ept for the pacification
thereof, and asserts its determination when
that is accomplished to leave the Rnvernrr.ent
and control of the island to its people.
■ <9 »
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. I. Jewell, a wealthy fruit raiser of
Santa Rosa, 2s a guest at the Russ.
Dr. E. F. Matthews, a prominent physi
cian of Angels Camp, is registered at the
Palace.
Captain and Mrs. J. J. Bradley, U. S.
A., were among yesterda: 'a arrivals at
the Occidental.
A. J. Benny, a well known merchant of
Marys/iUe, is at the Lick, accompanied
by his family.
James Inkseiler. a wealthy planter of
Hilo, Hawaiian Islands, is among the late
arrivals at the Grand.
William Simms. the Winters capitalist,
arrived in the city yesterday and regis
tered at the Russ.
Amonß the recent arrivals at the IJ<~k
is William S. Porter, an extensive fruit
grower of Hanford.
G. W. Cumminsjs, a wealthy mining man
of Placerville, is nmong the arrivals of
last night at the Lick.
President Jordan of Stanford University
came up to the city last evening and is
staying at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Ivcs of New Haven
are registered at the Palace. Their two
daughters accompany them.
C. P. Smith, a large stock raiser and
cattleman of Ukiah, in registered at the
Russ for a short stay In the city.
Dr. M. J. Davis, one of the leading phy
sicians of Golconda. Nev.. is registered
at the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
Alden Anderson, ex-Speaker r,f the Ah-
Bembly, came down from his home in Sui
sun yesterday ai d la staying at the G
J. K. Moore and John M. Miller, two of
the leading business men of Los Angelas,
are staying at the Occidental, where they
arrived yestej-day morning.
H. G. Lang, a prominent warehouse man
of Han ford, is staying at the Grand while
on a short visit of pleasure to the city.
United Statee Circuit Judge W. W. Mor
yow left for the north last evening to hold
court at Seattle during the absence of
the judicial incumbent of that district on
his yearly vacation.
Mrs. General Warfleld. wife of the pro
prietor of the California, received word
last night that her husband was lying ill
in the Pennsylvania Hospital at Phila
delphia. His condition is not serious, and
as he is being well looked after by
friends he will be about in a few days.
General Warfleld went East some time
ago to- attend to some private business
matters.
Head or tne art
department rush
ing into the edito
rial sanctum and
addressing the
Awful Presence-
Say, old man,
we're having a
h— l of a time up-
4+- «t
«. -OPPORTUNITY f
OPPORTUNITY
OF A
LIFETIME.
Jk__ *>+
stairs. Montmnrency Miligan, our n-v,
$300 a weeh star, has been out all night
lilling up on Chinese d<->pe. This forenoon
he tO"'K eighte< n al slntnes to brace up on
and now he ha 6 gone plumb loco. We
tried to quiet him, but he only seems I
get worse. I have iust left him sitting on
the window sill scratching his sides like
a monk and making faces at the Das.)
fruit peddler In the alley. What shall
I do?
Av.-ful Presence— Do? Ha, ha— this is
splendid. Lock him up in a room by Uim
self, where he'll have no chance to
straighten out, and start him working on
those bizarre posters for the Sunday sup
plement. '
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Sept. ".— J. A. Adger ol
San Francisco is at the Raleigh; C. A,
Swartz of Oakland is at the St. James.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Pre.ia Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1U42. •
Off on Business.
Captains O. F. Bolles and J. K. Bulger,
United* States Inspectors of Steam Ves
pp'i<= have gone to San Diego and other
southern ports to inspect vessels there.
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "'
Has b^en used for nrty years Dy millions o£
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It seethes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy : r
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 23c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONA DO— Take advantaea
of the round trip ticket? Now only $60 by
steamship, indu'ling llfteen days' board a; h -
tel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.MISCELLANEOUS.
, — -^
: There Is :
: Money Waiting I
:for You. :
4 ►
4 If you need a SEW.KG MA- ♦"
4 CHINE half its value is waiting *
here in money fcr you This is not
4 a figure of speech. It's a fact. 4.
♦ YOU DON'T PAY FOR THE ME. *
4 A Regular $40 fflO £A J
; Machine for cpiOidV ♦
4
y. Ten years' written warranty 'o r *
■♦■ all "No Name' Se/ving Machines- *
4 Five different styles, with b^!l
"♦" bearings like a b'c/c'e.
"* Call and investigate. . 4
> ' 4
! PATTOSIEN'S !
4 2-Acre Furniture Store, 4
♦ COR. MISSION & 16th STS. '
"*"l -«
3> ♦*.♦ +. . « ♦ r , ,-...,,,
SPRANG A LEAK
WHEN SHE WAS
TWO DAYS OUT
Adventure of the Col
li r Matt?awan.
THREE COLUMSIAS IN PORT
A TRANSPORT, COASTER AND
-WIND-JAMMER."
Last of the Old Bounding Billow.
Missing Men Found — Overdue
Ships — Masters and En
gineers Wanted.
There are three vessels with the same
name now in port md some fusion
arose In consequence on the water front
y< sterdnyi The ship Columbia arrived
from Tacoma Wednesday afternoon with
a load of coal and docked yesterday at
Green Street Wharf. The steamer Co
lumbia arrived from the Columbia River
yesterday morning and la now at Spear
Street Wharf, while the transport Co
lumbia is at Folsom Street Wharf. Peo
ple who sought the transport "were sent
to the Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company's dock and "supplies for the
coast steamer were sent to the ship. It
will all be straightened out to-day, how
t-ver. when the transport will sail for Ma
nila, while on Sunday morning the other
Columbia will depart for Portland.
The transport Columbia will take away
Major Perm's battalion of the Thirty-first
Infantry and one other company. Captain
A. \V. Rrewpter will go out as quarter
master and commissariat* in charge. The
Columbia is one of th«.- ......
transports that has left this port In a long
time. The soldiers will be berthed in her
fine roomy 'tween df-cks and each one has
a Turner pau-nt bunk. A hospital and
lavatories, shower baths aiid extra pal
leys have been put in. so every pas
senger, be he officer or man. should be
well provided for. Captain T. H. Dobson
will go out in command of the Columbia
with l ». H. Fleming as chief officer, J.
"W. .Murphy is chief engineer and Theo
dore H. Robinson purser. Dr. Seeley will
look out for the ' health of th<? men.
Purser Robinson is one of the most popu
lar men on . iget Bound. He has been on
the Dyea run. where he made a host of
friehls; but was recently transferred to
the Oriental trade. H has already made
many friends in Ban Francisco and bids
fair to become as popular in the trans
port service as he was in the Northwest.
The cr>-w of the collier Matteawan ere
■wore paid off yesterday and the men were
glrul to get away from the ship. For two
days before making port they were con
stantly at the pumps and at one time It
v..is reared the vessel would go down.
The ■■'.:■■ steamer was at anchor in San
tiago Bay, in the Straits of Magellan, the.
night of th«« accident. She was safely rid
ing to her anchor wlum a willy
wave struck her, the f.uke of the anchor
broke and she drifted down on Satellite
Patch. She was got off next day but
leaking badly. At Punta Arenas she was
patched up as well as possible; but it was
with many misgivings that another mart
was mad* for Sail Franciij^o.
Just before leaviug CapTain Connor' and
the second mate bad some words with
th« result that the sec 'I oflicer was
confined to his room during the remainder
of the passage. He was released yester
day and was paid off with the rest of the
men. After leaving Punta Arenas all went
well with the Matteawan until she was
two days from San Francisco. Tnon.the
vessel began to leak again and ail hands
were at the pumps night and day. Part
of the steamer's carge ■■:' coal will be dis
charged Into the battleship lowa to-day
8-id then ■ •>• ci liter will go to the navy
yard and unload the remainder. After
thnt Bhe will go to the ! nion Inn \V<>r«.s
for repairs.
Three vessels from European ports are
■ iriaking very long passages. The -British
Bhlp SardomeiN- and the German .-hip
Theodor are out 160 days from Hamburg
and London; i hile the Pythornei • Is out
1!»7 days from Newcastle. 'England. The
Pardomem was spoken on May 27 In lati
tude 19 south; longitude 3S west; and the
Theoa i <->n May 24 in latitude I<> south and
longitude 32 west, while the Ppthormm- put
into Montevideo on May 25 badly damaged
and with the loss of nearly a whole suit
of tils. It took the Pythomene a month
to repair damages and she Balled again
for San Francisco on June 27 last.
Jack Hurlihy. the boatman, has recov
ered I is Whitehall, and "Bill" Spear, t! c
soldier and "Pcgkg" have been heard
from. On Wednesday night Spear showed
up on the front and H-nt a message to
Hurlihy that his boat was on th€ beach
near Butchertown. He was afraid to
carry the message himself and he knew
what to expect for leaving Hurlihy boat
less for four days. The Whitehall was
found safe and tart at South San Fran
cjscq and yesterday afternoon it* owner
brought It 'back to Clay-street wharf, It
is safe to ... that Spear will not show up
in' the neighborhood of he Chief WlTarl
in!it-r"s office for some time to come.
The barks Roderick Dim and Edward
arrived from Hllo yesterday. They
left-Hawaii five days apart. the Muy hav
irg that much start, hut both reached the
Farallones at the use tin ■■ Ten days
out fmm Hilo the Roderick ! >hu ran into
a heavy gale. Eric Johnson an A. D..
wa* aloft furling a sail, when ho lost his
hold and fell Into the rigging. Had he
gone overboard he would assuredly have
Been drowned but as it was he • leaped
' with me broken ribs He was - nt to
the United States Marine Hospital as soon
a:; tlio bark reached port.
The old whaling bark Bounding Billow
is to end her days as a barge. Over a
year ago she was hauled out of her re
■ tirement In Oakland Creek and fitted out
for a voyage to the Klondike. That fell
through and she was put back on the
mud. She has now been purchased by
the Piper, Aden, Goodall Company and
will be cut down and turned Into a bargo
for bay service. The Bounding Billow was
IMPOSING MONUMENT
TO CATHOLIC CHARITY
Crowds Gather at the Formal Opening of
the New Youths' Directory Building.
Stirring Addresses and
Inspiring Music to
Do Honor to the
Occasion.
THE new Youths' Directory, Nine
teenth and Guerrero Btreete, was
formally opened to the public
yesterday and a vast crowd gath
ered to show its appreciation of that
magnificent monument Of Cothollc
charity, enterprise and sincerity of
i urpose.
Father Crowley, who has labored bo
faithfully in til-- cause of the institu
tion, assisted by twenty ladies, showed
the many guests i ver the vast cstab
lishroent. No door w:is closed to the
curioue and interested. The result of
the Inspection wan an avaUinche of
praise for each .iii<l every one con
nected with the Institution. The build-
Ing Is a modern" structure in tho Cull
ai'il latest s( use of the term. AH the
latest sanitary principles have been
utilized In the construction. The house
Is lighted throughout by electricity and
heated by steam. An artesian well on
the premises supplies all the water.
The pleasures as well as the comforts
of the occupants have occupied tho
attention <■; the directors of. the insti
tution. There is a vast recreation
ground, where the boy may romp anil
play, weather permitting, and also a
large recreation room on the unwit
floor for day? when inclement or cold
weather makes outdoor sports impos
sible.
There are four large well lighted
dormitories in the house, each boost
ing of twenty beds, but if necessary
respectively providing ample accom
modations for forty beds. The dormi
tories are provided for by the St. Pat
rick's, St. Francis, St. Joseph's and
St. Mary's parishes.
built in 1554 and in her time was one of
the m^st successful whalers afloat.
The ship Centennial and the bark .1 D.
Peters arrived from Cooks Inlet yesterday
with full cargoes of salmon.
The Bchoooner Julia E. Whalen arrived
from the Galapagos Islands via San Pedro
yesterday She took a party of scientists
out from" Stanford University,, and a great
number of specimens were secured. The
Stanford party left the schooner at San
Pedro and came home overland. >
The inspector's department of the light
house service has issued the following
notice:
Application? will be received at tills office
during the next thirty days for examination to
establish registers of eligible*, from which ap
pointments of masters, mates, engineers and
assistant engineers on Lighthouse vessels in
this district (California) will be made.
Applicant* must bo citizens of the United
States and muM be licensed by the Steamboat
Inspect ion Service. •
Blank forms of application may he had by
ar>wlvlnß to this office.
WANT MORE WAGES
Brnsssnd Iron Foundry Hands
at the Union Iron Works
Walk Out.
The brass and iron foundry hands to
the number of seventy quit work a 1
Union fron Works yesterday. Tuesday
last they asked for m advance from Si 75
to $2 a day and their demand was refused.
Wednoftdfo nighl Mir. leaders were
lafd off and the request of the men was'
denied.
yesterday morning all hands put on
th<lr coatH and walked out. The com- t
pmy says the strikers are not skilled
I that plenty of men can begot
to fill their places. The Btrikers admit
(his fad but assert that the work It
c i-lv worth $2 a day and that they won't
',, .. for less. Thej also state that the
company will rot find It so easy Kitting
and that it will put the concern to
• expense bofofe the brass nnd iron:
foundry Is running apain.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready
for mailing -postage 2c to all
points in "United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for
eign points.
In the Divorce Court
folia \. Sorensen has been granted a
divorce from Christian Sorensen on me
.-round of willful negligence. Henrietta
l Titus was granted a divorce yesterday
frnm losei.h B. Titus on the ground of
Ktion. Buitn for divorce hnv« been
mm? by lames K. McVlcker against Nellie
VlrVlcl er. tor cruelty: Margaret Smith
lea nst Charles Smith, for desertion and
C&tnide Hertz against Uriah L. Hertz,
for failure to provide.
A Missing Man Found
J.ihn Trenor, over 80 years oi age. ciis
•nneared from his home, (28 Grove street,
' -ii August as. Yesterday Chief I.ees re
ceived" a letter from Martinez that the
old man was in the hospital there and his
frlenda will bring him back He had
walked aimlessly along till he became ex
hausted at Martinez, and was taken to
the hospital.
THE SAX FBAN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 8. 1899.
An ekpar.t assembly hall, a library
containing one thousand volumes, re
ception rooms. s< v<mi large sleeping
apartments for visiting cleryy and at
tendants an<» an Imposing little chapel
on the top floor of the building are
prominent artistic features of the In
stitution.
rday the building was In gala
dress for the opening exercises. < ■■:
thi recreation grounds a Btan.l was
Dg exercis< ( and
numerous lighted red lantern- were
uisod for Illumination.
in the afternoon it., exercises were
conducted in th< assembly hall. Father
Crowley In a few words welconv I the
guests and Introduced the Bpeaker <•'
the day, Rev. Father Prendergast.
Father Prendergasl traced in a few
SELF DEFENSE
THE PLEA FOR A
DOUBLE MURDER
Preliminary Examin
ation of G. Tanner.
The preliminary examination of George
Tanner on the. charge of murdering Dep
uty Sheriff James Brown and Mrs. Fannie
Barnes, at 503 Folsom street, August 26,
was commenced before Judge Conlan yes
terday afternoon. The defense is making
an effort to show self-defense and two
witnesses at least examined yesterday
gave color to the plea.
John Lambert, a boy, testified, that he
heard Tanner go to Brown's door and us
ing a vile name, ask Brown to come out
side and he would do him up. When wit
ness came into the hall Tanner was walk
ing excitedly up and own without his hat
and coat. "Witness went into his room
and when he came out again Brown and
Tanner were scuffling in the hall. Brown
got Tanner down and had him by the
throat. Brown pulled a gun out of his
pocket and attempted to strike Tanner on
•he head with the butt end. Witness said
to Brown not to hit Tanner while he was
down and Brown handed him his keys
and told him to go to the patrol box and
ring in for the patrol wagon. Witness
went to the patrol box and when he re
turned Brown and Mrs. Barnes had. been
shot.
Mercy Phillips testified that Brown and
Mrs. Barnes called her into their room
and told her that they were having
trouble with Tanner. She went into her
own room and soon afterward heard
scuttling in the hall. Mrs. Barnes was
screaming and telling Brown to keep his
hands on Tanner. She heard Brown say:
"1 nave got you where J want you now
and I am going to kill you."
Charles Thurston testified that he saw
Brown on top of Tanner and Tanner bog
ged to be let up. He got up and then
asked to get his coat and hat, but Brown
objected. Tanner had a revolver in his
hand and Bred at Brown. Mrs. Barnes
came screaming out of her room and Tan
ner tired a shot at her.
James Lambert testified that he' heard
two men fall up against the door and
scuffling. He looked out and then shin
his door. He heard the shots fired and
when he came out of his room he saw
Brown and Mrs. Barnes dead on the
porch.
William Aufenanger saw Brown having
Tanner by the throat on the Hour and
heard Brown tell Joe Lambert to ring for j
th- patrol wagon. William Phillips testi
fied that he was in the dining-room when
Tanner came in and asked the landlord,
Louis Millc. for a revolver. After the
.shooting Phillips asked Tanner why he
did it and he said he had to defend him
self.
Dr. Zabala, autopsy physician, testified
as to the nature of the wounds. Thomas
U. Ford, chief jailer, testified to seeing
Tanner waiting outside the jail, evidently
for Brown, that afternoon and other wit
nesses • testified to 'i\.~*at gala" around
words the history of the Directory and
ti Id i t itb early struggles and linal
triumph.
"The object of tho institution." said
the reverend g< I n, "is to provide
i mplo .-:n. -sii and for boys who
I have homes with parents, but
have none. The Directory has always
beei popular vri( h the public, and I
:., , ■ all will continue to show th<ir m
t< r< si in the institution by lending us
in the future the kind & • p< ration you
have always given us in the past."
Th< programme In full for the after
noon was ms follows!
Address. Very Rev J J. Prendergast;
piano and mandolin selectii ns, Mrs C Karr
rls Mlaa C. Laughlln, Miss M 'ann ana
M j ■ ■ tati n. Miss Bessie Fitz
gerald; ba«s solo, B. .!. Sandy; vocal solo,
Miss Annie Roi •
for day? hunting for Brown. As the
h Interpreter could not be found the
evidence of the landlord could noi be
taken and the case was continued till
next Wednesday.
STERLING MEN ARE
NOT SEEKING OFFICE
SEVEN DEMOCRATS ON A STILL
HUNT FOR CANDIDATES.
Republicans Looking Over the Field
for Acceptable Material for the
Board of Supervisors.
Th<- Beven m^n appointed by Jasper Mc-
Donald to select Democratic nominees for
the Board of Supervisors held another
session laßt evening at County Committee
headquarters in the Columbian building.
Responsible citizens of high standing: are
not tumbling over each other in haste to
have their names placed before the com
mittee. Outward signs indicate that th«
Beven are engaged in a hunt for can
didates. There is no lack of suggestions
from a few of the old guard of place-hunt
ers, but it is noted that sterling represen
tatives cf the city do not encourage the
committee by attendance. The absence of
leading men may be attributed to the
general notion that Gavin McNab and
Mayoi Phelan have a slate ticket already
prepared which will be brought out when
nominations are in order.
EL V. Whitney, chairman of the seven,
remarked last night that an executive ses-
Bion would probably be held next Monday
evening and at that session the question
mighi be determined whether the com
mitt.' should recommend only eighteen
names, or a larger number.
Delegates to the Republican nominating
committee are looking over the field to
find th< most acceptable material fur the
Board of Supervisors. The delegates are
not rallying around any one of the men
tinned ('and i dates for Mayor. The posi
tive declination of A. B. Spreokels and F.
W Duhrmann leaves the field open to
Horace Davifl Henry Crocker, Irving M.
Scott Phil I.ilienthal. Vanderlynn Stow,
Louis' Sloss Jr.. W. R. Smedburg, George
A. Newhall, Victor Duboce and others.
I)P9r Madam; "Pesarnold' says come;
You're welcome. Chronicle building. No. 61.
THE TURNER MURDER.
Counsel Argue the Case and Judge
Graham Reserves His Decision.
The arguments of counsel in the case
of Joseph P. Frenna, charged with ;he
murder of James F. Turnpr. real estate
:i •■<tu occupied aboul two hours before
Judge Qrahaip yesterday morning.
Attorney Hosmer, for the defendant,
moved for a dismissal rf the case on the
ground thai tin defendant acted in self
defense, but the motion was vigorously
opposed by Attorney George D. Collins,
who contended that everything pointed
to the conclusion that the murder was
premeditated.
The Judge said he would reserve nis
decision till this morning and a motion of
Hosmer to allrw" the defendant out on
bonds was denied.
On Postal Service.
C. Ml. Cotterman, Assistant Superintend
ent of the railway mall service, left yes
terday for Washington, whither he has
been "summoned to pass upon devices for
improving the mail equipments.
In the evening the following pro
gramme was offered:
Introductory remarks, James R. Kelly:
address, Hoi), James P. Phelan: trio, (a)
"Minuet" (Mozart), (to "Suwanee River,"
Mary, Susan and Dorothy Pasmore; song,
"Let Me Love Thee" (Arditl), Miss Kate
F. Byrne; cello solo, "Gavotte" (Popper),
Dorothy Pasmore; song. "Die Beiden Gren
adier" (Schumann), Den O'Sulllvan; reci
tation, selected, Thomas Hi-key; trio, (a)
"Serenade" (Schubert), (b) "Moment Musl
ca'.e," Mary, Susan and Dorothy Pasmore;
song, "I Would Linger" (Gounod),' Miss
Daisy Keane; violin solo, "FantaaM de Bal
let" (De Berlot), Mary Pasmore; contralto
son(, "The Message" (H. B. Pasmor?),
Mrs. Edith Scott Basford, with piano, violin
and cello accompaniment; songs, "Wearing
of the Green," "Kathleen O'Moore,"
"Widow Mnrhr.'e," Denis O'Sullivan: hu
morous selections, William J. Hynes; Mips
Beth Hamilton and H. B. Pasmore,- accom
panists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ON THE SCENT.
We lire the only company em-
ploying steadily a thoroughly ex-
perienced expert in addition to our
general boring; superintendent,
whose sole duties ;ire the locating
of additional oil lands wherever
found. NetvH reached us of a big
Ftrtke In a new territory. Our ex-
pert has just left to investigate,
and if correct will take options
fur. this company on the surround-
ing lands. This plan, pursued
continually, will undoubtedly make
us the
I STANDARD OIL COMPANY
of the Pacific Coast. Our stock-
holders have made 50 per cent in
about a month. 1001 shares are now
on the market at $4 50 per sharp.
Price goes to $5 00 when this is
sold.
• PROSPECTUS FREE, g.ving
\ -INSIDE IN FOR MA TION. "
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
322-323 Parrott Building:,
PAN FRANCIPCO. CAL.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest prac-
tice and best equipped medlca! institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at otflce
or by mall. All letters confidential.
731 Market St., San Francisco. |
v^^L/ ELECTRIC BELTS.
>£3«i»3MK£xia2wlsw Prices rrom JJ 00 to
I^T^y^^TftWk ' ?5 - Larc'-st manu-
BhSc W* i N X ' \C33I facturers ID the Unl-
'Kßfßteß»^Ai^- « " d States. No Quacks
connected with th:§
3^^:" Mtahllshment.-
'P-Vi^i^v • '?>>' ICT For paftlculart
*;llp=. roll or send So In
./yf*. damps for "Booklet
No. "!•" Addr»«e
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. •
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wright's Man Veptaii Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
•who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Btomach, Pim-
ples and purify the blood. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___^^
1 We have just received a new lot of ties in |
'4 the latest satin and silk effects in stripes, U
i plaids and figures, all full shapes — puffs, tecks p
I ' and four-in-hands.
I According to the price we paid for them, I
I these ties should sell for 40c. but that is a |
1 ra'her odd price, so, as ;oc would be too much '
I for them, we have decided to sell them for E
1 I
i They are displayed in the windows — see' I
i them. I
I X^tl^ 718 MARKET 51 N^to£/ |
i "■■■..-' Out-of-:own orders fi led— write us. I
TWO POINTED FACTS
Are always observable on a critical ex-
amination of our laundry work, and
I that is that the color is perfect and the
finish beautiful on all linen done up
here. Shirts, collars and cuffs are
i laundered here in a manner that gives
all the beauty and freshness of the
new article.
United States Laundry, Off! = 3
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
j lilt "9t • TrT-^t «A V j* dh t^ yWMOM^J^BQ^^Ef^Vu ' .
000000000000000003
% i? PALACE **?%
%CRANO OT l'^%
. _ SAN FRANCISCO- Q
I** Connected by a eov#V»>l pOßsa^-way. w
i P 14OOHoom«— 900 v> h 3ath Attached. ©•
i © All Under One M-nagement. O
; O WOTS THE PBI0E3: • O
: jO European Plan.* per day ar.<i upward O
, I-, American P!an.s3.OO per dey and upward rt
j <* Correspondence Solicited. *»
O JOHN C. X.TRKrATKICK. Ksntger. O
000000000006000 OOP
REYNOLD'S
Goutor Rheumatism, if on
oftheparoxvsm they have recourse to this rem-
edy ■ then. a single dose is often sufficient.
*. WOB&BJk * CO., SO-3O if. William M..> i .
STRONG &CO. << i^^
(i J
MARKET ST. S.F.
f\ a |»f" n/siii I Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROMlliii
Will L lIUIIIL-j c . Ovcrconts and
. Valises checked free.
COKCEJiTS A-ND A^SUitTS.
CHUTES AND 200.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE TH a ? B ° L A S G HER LIONS.
MOVING PICTUIIES. showing scenes ON.
' THE FIRING LINE IN THE PHILIPPINES,
| and a GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
B\LLOON ASCENSION/ SATURDAY. AD-
MISSION DAY.
GLEN R/\RK.
THIS SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BICYCLE RACES AND FOOT; fIACES,
And all* kind* of athletic competitions for
And all, VALUABLE PRIZES. for
OP -TO ALL.
Park Open Saturday Evening. Dancing in
Pavilion. " '
tiUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be.
Bathing, Including admission. 25; Children. 20c
AMUSEMENTS.
; alcazar"™
ITo Night, Tomorrow and Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY
/ NT SUNDAY.
Last Performances of /
H ''< I \ 8 i % ¥ H *" X In
niiidiurnLii iiii
PRESENTED BY THE
j NEW ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
Next Week, "The Wages of Sin."
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
FI:.'AL P^EFOBMAKOB SUNDAY NIGHT
MR, CLAY CLEMENT
I Presents His Immensely Successful Interpre-
-1 tat ion of Matthias in the Psycho-
logical Romano?,
"THF RFI I S "
A HREAT CART IN SUPPORT.
NOTE -This theater will be closed during th»
weeks of September M and 18. The regular
' 'all anil winter season will be inaugurated en
. September. 23 by MODJESKA. .
!
INCREASED TO FIFTY IN NUMBER.
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILiTARY
BAND.
MONTRELL.
CHARLEY CASE.
FELIX MO KRIS AND CO.
MOULIFP.F. SISTERS.
APOLLO.
ARNOLD GIAZER A LA PETITE HAZEI*
AMERICAN BIOGRAI'H.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
j Chairs and Box Seats. r ft".
| MATINEES WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAN OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! " TO-NIGHT*
i The Great Performance of
"CARMEN"
"CARMEN" Last Time Saturday Evening.
Special Matinee To-morrow of
ROMEO AND JULIET
"ROMEO AND JULIET" Sunday Night.
Gala Event Next Week!
j "LOHENGRIN" "OTHELLO"
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 10 c*nts
Order by Telephone. Bush 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
. LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
Sousa's Glorious Comic Opera,
ELCAPITAN
Enthusiasm Greater Than Theater
Packed to the Doors.
NEXT WEEK-' FATIMTZA."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— IO*. 15c. 250.
35c. s<«'e.
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat in
! the theater. 2">c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
MECHANICS 7^
AND
I PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
TO -NIGHT. BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG
With the Dakota Regiment and a chorus at
300 voices.
BENNETT'S BAND of 40 pieces.
ALICE RAYMOND. Soloist.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON— BABY DAY.
FILIPINO CIRCUS. . FILIPINO VILLAGB.
MACHINERY IN MOTION.
DOUBLE SEASON TICKETS, ft ;
(To members, half price.)
SINGLE ADMISSON. 25c.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver declined again.
Wheat rather more unsettled at about previous prices.
. inactive and unchanged.
Corn lower and Oats higher. Rye undisturbed.
Bean buyers holding off for the new crop.
Hay in ample receipt at unchanged prices.
md Onions about the same.
still glut the market.
Butter qutet, Cheese in better supply and Eggs weaker.
Poultry in liberal receipt, but steady. .
.. i 'caches and Plums in good canning demand.
Apples weaker, Figs firmer and Grapes plentiful.
Nothing new in Dried Fruit.
>:s as before.
- market as previously quoted.
■ decrease in local exports.
Large increase in local Revenue collections.
Charters.
T h,, n irtlS nnd Marj- E. Foster load
' * Honolulu; Lurline, rn.ise for Kahului.
The Willie H. :• Is lumber at Port
c for Manila, 80s; Encore, lumber at
: 1 Columbia Rive- f.,r Voipa
rbakl whs rechartered prior to ar
'■ Hackfeld,
1 -.i r! ey t
Fruit and Salmon in England.
The London market for California fruits and |
salmon Is reported by the Grocers' Gazette of
August 19 as follows: Fruits— Calif ornlan
fruits are firmly held, but there iB only a llm- ■
Ke.l business doing, owing to the paucity of
supplies. Salmon— The market is fairly steady,
.-uid while generally there is not a large amount
of business doing, one considerable transaction
has b<-en effected, a Liverpool arm having taken
a fairly large block of Eraser River salmi at
"combination" prices. Advices have been re
ceived stating that there baa been a consider
able improvement in the run of fish on the
Frnser River, and it is estimated that the total
pack in British Columbia will probably be
about 100.000 cases in excess of last year, when,
it will be remembered, the pack was a. compar
atively small one.
Government Money in This City.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer 'of the
United States at San Francisco, .■■■ports each
on hand August 31 as follows:
United States notes % 427,692 00
Treasury notes of IS3O 59.082 00
National Bank notes • «.r«is 00
Gold certificates 415.270 00
Silver, certificates 207,577 00
Gold coin 14.201, 452 62
Standard silver dollars 31,040,021 00
Subsidiary sliver coin 125.564 55
Mlni_r coin &.3SS 9i
Tot .! M 6.622.1 05
Shipments of silver coin from the same office
In the month of August, IS'.'S, were as follows:
Standard silver dollars $214,500
Subsidiary silver 1H3.350
Total $407,850
Exports of Produce.
Exports of produce from this port by Fea
! during the first eight months of the year were
$21,652,200. asainst 522, 117,700 during the same
time last year, "he leading shipments being as
follows: Atlantic ports. $1,483,800; Great Brit
ain, 13.656.500; China. $2,497,200; Japan. J2.52",
--7(*; Australia, $983,100; British Columbia, $760,
--000; Mexico, $905,600; Central America. $993,500;
Hawaiian It-lands. $5,756,300; Philippine Islands.
Revenue Collections.
Ir.ternHl revenue collections In this district
during the first eight months of the year were
12,479,765, against $1,906,238 for the same time
la*t year, and included $721,123 for beer, $614,-
V?\ for spirits. $178,747 for tobacco an. 1 . $613,077
for war stami^i.
Weather Report.
(12"th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 7—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures wern
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 58 San Diego 64
Fresno 90 Sacramento 88
Los Angeles 7- Independence £6
Red Bluff :■! Yuma 98
San .Luis ( ibis] 0. ... M
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C 4; minimum, 52; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continues hlsh over the north
ern half of the Pacific Slope. There has been
a slight fall along the coast of California, but
conditions are still favorable for lair, warm
weather over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains.
The temperature has risen from six to eight
degrees o\er California and in the great val
leys The temperature is for the first time
in several weeks much ib ■••■'■ the normal,
The weather will continue favorable for
drying raisins in the San Joaquin Valley.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 8, 1599:
Northern California— Fair, cloudy; continued
warm weather in the Interior; northerly winds
inland, fresh westerly winds with fog along
the coast.
Southern California— Fair Friday; continued
warm weather; westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday: continued warm.
rtfih-Falr Friday: warmer.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
freth westerly winds In afternoon, with fog.
ALEXANDER McADEE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— The market suc
cumbed to the combined Influence of a hard
ening rate on account of the gathering war
cloud in South Africa. A few of the highly
speculative Industrial specialties were marked
up in the early dealings and at different times
during the day In an effort to ■Ist the de
cline. The attempt proved unavailing to .over
come the depression in the general list and
the manipulative stocks In some cases finally
weakened, though a few retained a net ad-
vance. Tennessee Coal was marked up a point
at the opening, but that was the highest of
tiie day. Sugar, Tobacco, Brooklyn Transit,
Federal Steel and a few other stocks among
tii" prominent industrials vibrated above and
below ls«t night's price. Pullman Palace Car
t.-.-is at one time up four points, but lost It
a!!. Th* -American Car stocks rose two points
' t-ncit. but the preferred receded to the level
at the opening. Pressed Steel Car preferred
ndvancd a point In the closing dealing.
Those movements, a reflection of the large de
mand for railroad equipment, had little effect
(■:'. the general lint. American Hoop stocks
•were strong on reported large earnings, rising
Z for the common and l'.fc for the preferred.
There were me large orders executed for
1 nlted Slates Leather, which raised the price
about a point. The preferred stock advanced
In sympathy, but lost all the gain. These were
the only Important exception* to the weak
m-ps of the active stocks. St. Paul showed
some resistance, but Rave way with the other
grangers when intimations were heard that
there would be no increase In the dividend
rates. The rate .■-til! continued at Z i per cent.
There were decline* In the railroads quite uni
formly between 1 and 2 per cent. Including- the
j.iTjmfnent grangers. Southwestern*. Pacifies,
Trunk line* and Southern railroads. Stocks
which have had a recent sharp advance show
•wide declines. ; . v;
Money on call commanded 6 per cent most
of the. day and went as high as 6 per cent,
with only a few exceptions below 5 per cent.
The subtreasury hail a small debit balance at
the clearing-hause to-day, but the banks have
lost over $3,000,000 to that Institution since Frl
<sny and expect to increase that amount before
the rIoFC of the w«»k. There were further
transfers to the South to-day and the banks
p.re etill losing on balance to the interior. The
1 ixdnesa of money here did not avail to lower
ti:<- rate of sterling exchange. In view of the
Increase in discounts irj London, which also
had the effect of ralslnp the rates of sterling
exchange In Paris and Berlin. London's sales,
about 26,000 shares of stock here, helped to
keep up the exchange rate. It Is apparent that '
under present conditions abroad a considerably
higher rate for money here will be required to !
induce Imports of gold.
Bonds showed a weakening tendency In sym- |
pathy with stocks, Kan; is and Texas seconds 1
being notably affected. Total sales, par value,
$1,623,000.
United States bonds unchanged In bid quo- ■
tations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing-
Sold Stocks Bid
f.,200 AtchUon -'■*
15,220 Atchison prefd 64%
400 Baltimore & Ohio t>'i'--s
200 Canadian Pacific 96
200 Canada Southern - r ,3'A
400 Central Pacific 6"%
2,145 Chesapeake & Ohio 2s .
4,400 Chicago Great Western 16 i
5.960 Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy ..134*4
. -' Chicago Ind and Louisville ■ ■ 10
200 Chicago, Ind and Louisville prefd.. 41
1,000 Chicago & Eastern Illinois %'i
535 Chlcaeo & Northwestern 170 Vi
8,250 ( ago. Rock Island & inc.. US 1 .,
2,000 C, C, C & St Lou 67>4
500 Colorado Southern '<
I>X> Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46' 2 I
890 Colorado Southern 2d 1 refd 16> s j
2.600 Delaware & Hudson .123%
1,000 Delaware, I^-ick & Western 179%
1,200 Denver & Rio Grande 1.'2 :; 3 ;
2,013 Denver & liio Grande prefd 7tJ^ i
F.ri* 13%'
200 Erie Ist prefd 37% j
24* Great Northern prefd 163 i
1,980 Hocking Coal 194
456 Hocking Valley 34%
56! Illinois Central 114%
lowa Central 1!
600 lowa Central prefd. 57
2"' Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gu1f..... 10»i
Lake Erie & Western 20
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 7!i'i
Lake Shore Zol>4
9,565 Louisville & Nashville b')%
8.370 Manhattan L 1I3 T 9
2. 075 Metropolitan Street Railway 205%
1,500 Mexican Central H 7
7'K> Minneapolis & St Louis 75 |
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd iffi's I
£,n«0 Miss, 1 a. Iflc 4
-3"0 Mobile & < >hio 48<4
1.015 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 13%
6,250 Missouri, Kansas it Texas prefd U i
1,260 New Jersey Central 11S'»
2,400 New York Central 138
2.601 Norfolk & stern 2.". 1 4 |
1.665 Norfolk & Western prefd 7U a » |
8.060 Northern Pacific 54',
2,400 Northern Pacific prefd 76 1 4 I
5,250 Ontario & Western 2K> a j
....... Oregon Railway .si Nay - * ' ; i
Oregon Hallway .v Nay prefd '.•'■■ !
4,730 Pennsylvania l?.4 T s \
130 Reading 22% j
I.SSr. Heading Ist prefd 60% |
2.2f,0 Reading 2d prefd 32v* \
Rio Grande Western 3s>i i
100. Rio Grande Western prefd S2 !
St Louis .v San Fran U'4 |
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd ~n\
4.10 -■ Louis i- San Fran 2<l prefd Mft I
V") St Louis Southwestern ]fj' t }
3,600 St Louis Southwestern prefd Jiiii
29,550 st Paul 134%
4:.') St Paul prefd 17? 2
100 St Paul & Omaha 120',i |
15,150 Southern Pacific 37>,
2.n>» Southern Railway 12%
6,i!o<> Southern Railway prefd.;.-. M-X,
L6OO Texas <& Pacific : 2f'> 4
11,140 Union Pacific 4iHfc j
8,490 Union Pacific profd 80Vi'i
410 Wabash 7%
2.T.40 Wabash prefd 22%
2.170 Wheeling & Lake Eri° 1^
6,400 Wheeling ■-. Lake Erie 2d prefd.... Sl' j
Wisconsin Central 17"«
P, C, C A St I. ruls 76%
Express Companies—
Adams 115
American ' 150
United States 50
Wells-Fargo 135
Miscellaneous —
l.<? 00 American Cotton Oil , 44
.' American Cotton Oil prefd '.'4
American Malting I4"i
100 American Malting prefd 68
1,600 American Smelting & ,': 41^; !
1,050 American Smelting & I: ' ftl
American Spirits 4
American Spirits prefd 30%
21.270 American Steel Hoop 4;
1. 150 American -••■■■: Hoop prefd 55%
6,400 American Steel & Wire sfi» 4
220 American Steel & Wire prefd «si^
1.211 American Tin Plate 4:'"
. 200 American Tin Plate prefd &7
17,150 American Tobacco 128%
American Tobacco refd 145
10,670 Anaconda Mining Cd 55%
36.3f'2 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 1113%
8.960 Colorado Fuel & Iron >...
3,775 Continental Tobacco ;■<'
1.000 Continental Tobacco prefd : !*' 4 ]
7.100 Federal Steel $qk \
1,600 Federal Steel prefd -1-, !
400 General Electric 1l'.:>:, |
3*o Glucose Sugar .:i'"
Glucose Sugar prefd }..-.■■', !
3,400 International Paper si
Internationa] Paper prefd 76',j
715 LAclede Gas Be "
100 National Biscuit '" 40., i
120 National Biscuit prefd ' <r,' \
300 National Land 311; |
National Lead pref«l "uu j
L3OO National Steel '--,;. j
2, 61" National Steel prefd 03 "l
200 New York Air Brake 161 |
20il North American s«i*, |
4rto Pacific Coast 46^
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S4
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
600 Pacific Mall 41;,
4,700 People's Gas 'v,%% '
1.650 Pressed Steel Car 59$ i
S2". Pressed Steel Cpr prefd 81 I
1,682 Pullman Palace Car 164 i
Standard Rope & Twine S',i
23,760 Sugar '.1.1.l |
Sugar prrfd u;i 1
16.422 Tennessee Coal & Iron 112 !
30,425 United States I^';.th"r i; \
4.100 United States Leather prefd -,:,v; i
1,270 United States Rubber 4914
100 United States Rubber prefd i:,'., i
1.016 Western Union 1 ss '
15.626 Republic Steel 30 j
2.660 Republic Steel prefd , 76%
480,600 shares sold,
CLOSING BONDS.
T" 6ls reg 100 ! M It & T 2ds 72
do 3s 108% ..do 4s ;,4-.z j
do 3s coup 108% N V C(»n Ists... .112 ;
do new .b reg. ...130'^, N J Cen gen 55....J20>4
do coup 130% No Carolina 65.. 129 I
do old 4 6 reg HI 1 do 4k 10414
<3o coup in No Pac Ists 113
do is reg 111% do 3s 67
do coup .■..111V4 ; do 4b 10 , : . i
Pis Col 3.65s 117 N V C& St L-4s"lOS
Ala class A 109?ilNorf & W con 4s 06
do B 109 ; do gen C? 133
flo <■ 103 ;Or Nay tats i 1
do currency 100 j do 4s 103
Atchison gen 45... 102^ Ore S Line 65.... 128% 1
do a.lj 4s SS ! do con r,5... 115
Can Bo 2ds 103 I Rending gen 4s 87U
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. %\LR G W lsts .. " Si* 7
do Is lijji^, St I, & I M con 58114 * i
cA N W con 7«...14. r . St.L &S F gen 65.12S ■
do S F deb 65... 120 St Paul cons 174
Chi Term 4s 98 14 St PC & Pac i<=ts I'M
D & Ti G Ists pf..U6% do 5s .... ; '121
do ** 100% So Railway 5s.;!;;io-.)tit !
ETVa &Ga 15t5.103% SR& T63 pf. S7 '
g rle gen 4s^ Term new set 35.. 95 I
Ft W ft D C Ists.. Sol; Tex & Pac Ists... 115
Gen Elec 6s 116 | do 2ds .. ' M ;
GH&3 A6s 108 -Union Pac 4s. ..'"'10514
dO . 2ds •••••• 108 Wabash Ists .....115«
H & T Cen 5 8 11l do 2dh i.viu
do con 6s in West Shore 4a....'112%
lowa Cen lets 116 Wls On Ists pf... 79Vi ;
K(*V & O Ists.... 73 Va cent S7 * ■
La new cons 45.... 106 do deferred .... ' 5 '
L & Nash un! 45.. 93>!c & s 4s sijv
Chouar MININC, BTOCKS. "" 725
Chollar 30 Ontario 7 js '
Crown Point 24;Ophlr .. '"1 oX
Con Cal & Va.... 165. Plymouth .'..'.'.'." 11
Deadwood 6"' Quicksilver .. 200
Gould & Curry .... 25 do pref .... "' ■ m
Hale & Norcross.. 80 Sierra Nevada " 75
Homestake 65 00 Standard ... 2 65
Iron-Silver 60 Union Con . " S4 '
Mexican 44 Yellow Jacket '..'.. 23
TITE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPT£MBEK 8. 189i>.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWestingh Elec ... 49
Call loans 2\i<S* l i do prefd .... 68 .4
Time loans 4@5 Wls Cen 17?*
Stocks— ' Bonds—
Atchlson 21%! Atchison 4s ...... .100
do prefd 04'g Mining shares
i Bell Telephone 360 ! Adventure 8
Boston & Albany. .266 JAllouez Mln C 0.... 6%
j Boston Elevated... 108 : Atlantic 31
Boston A: Maine.. ! Host & Montana.. 342 '
i C B & Q 134*4 Butte & 805t0n.... 65
Fltchburg pfd ....119 Calumet & Hecla..Sos
! Gen Elec 123H Centennial 36
j Fed Steel 6C"-5 Franklin 20
do pfd SIH Humboldt -'%
I Mes C<-n 14^ Osceola 88
i Michigan Tel 100 iParrot 50
I Old Colony 20S iQuincy 160:
! Old Dominion .... 35 ! Santa Fe Copper.. 14
Rubber 4S a 4 I Tamarack NO
rnlon Pacific .... 46 'Win, ma 11
I'nion I^and 7 iWolverlnes 46*4
West End 95 lUtah •'..•• 40
do prefd 112%
The Money Market.
NEW YORK, Sept 7.— Money on call, firm at
4ii6 "per cent; last loan, 4M> per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4 1 4®. : > per cent; sterling Ex
change, steady, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 86%©* 86% for demand, and at
$4 S3»is[4 83^ for sixty days; posted rates,
»-; 84 and $4 S7V-; commercial bills, $4 S2!i: sil
ver certificates, 69@>69%c; bar silver. 59c; Mexi
can dollars, 47>ic; Government bonds, steady;
State bonds, inactive; railroad .bonds, weak.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $279,365,062; gold re
serve, $251,618,132.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
l"he stock market was flat all day here to-day
3ii Transvaal outlook, which is ugly. A special
Cabinet meeting will be held to-morrow. The
ieclfiie was started by free selling of dividend
paying Africans from good quarters, both by
London and by New York. Americans were
also sold, but not pressingly. The close was
heavy at the worst. Spanish fours were 5914;
rintos, 16; Anacondas, 11%. Gold to the amount
it £13, "T0 in bars was bought. "'."-•
The Board of Trade returns for August show
Imports to have Increased 8.3 per cent over
:ast y.'ar. the increase being to a considerable
extent in American food stuffs. Exports - in-
L-reased 5.2. Excluding shipbuilding, America
sought raw materials and textiles.
The Bank of Bombay increased its rate from
1 to 5 lay.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Sept. 7.— Canadian Pacific. 99%;
L'nion Pacific preferred, >'■». Northern Pacific
preferred, 7^*i: Grand Trunk, S; Anaconda,
ll'-i; bar silver, weak, 27 3-16 d; money, 1%&2
• ; <»
New York Grain and Produce.
v- — — ___»
NEW YORK, Sept. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18,721; exports, 1900. Quiet and steady with
buyers at old prices, chiefly favoring well
known brands.
There was no abatement in the demand for
tin and Iron to-day nor did prices show the
least inclination toward weakness, rather the
contrary. Spelter, however, was neglected,
though not quotably lower. At the close the
Metal Exchange quoted:
. PIG IRON— Warrants firm at Jl6 25.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at IIS 50.
TIN Firm for spot and easy for futures.
With $32 )2' 2 iid and $32 50 asked.
LEAD-^Unchanged, $4 60 bid, $4 62V£ asked.
'i"he brokers' or! :e for lead .is $4 40 and for
copper Sis 50. '- • ■■
SHELTER steady; jr> 65 bid, $5 75
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
S points lower. Sales 8500 bags, Including Oc
tober, ?4 :i'.ft4 40; January, $4 80 May. $4 86;
August, $:> 05. Spot coffee— Rio, dull and easy;
mild, ijuiet.
SUGAR— Raw quiet and barely steady. Fair
r-.-tliiiiiK. '.'>'&<•: centrifugal, 96 test. 4 7-16 c;
molasses, pugar, 3 11- 16c; refined, <iuiet.
BETTER— Receipts. i -.- packages. Firmer;
Western creameries, 17@22c; June creamery,
lSfi'T.o* i*At"t ory It* 1 !? !■"• *i<_*
EGGS— Receipts, UOSI packages: firm. West
ern candle extras, at mark, 13£j 16c
WHEAT— Receipts, «,260 bushels. .Spot,
easy; No. 2 red, . '■■ lc f. o. b. afloat spot; No.
1 northern, Duluth, 79% c f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive; No. 1 hard, Duluth. 81c to arrive; No.
2 red. 73">ic. elevator, options opened steady
and unchanged on Hunt offerings, but quietly
developed weakness under disappointing cables.'
bis Northwest receipts, small clearances, less
active export demand and realizing. A slight
afternoon illy on bullish Indian drought news
and Western buying 1 left the market finally
steady at «"-■ net decline May, 79%@75%c,
closed 79% c: September, 73Vi'873%c.' closed 73 •.«,<;;
December, 76^>'g76 13-lCc, close<l 76% c
M< >PS- Easy.
California Dried Fruits.
NF.v YORK, Sept. 7.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, TV .
prime wire tray, - . '/• -■-, choice, s%'tpc;
fancy, i-ti'.'Mc.
PRUNES— 3% g>Bc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c; Moor Park, 14{716c
PEACHES- LJnpeeled, B|ll', 2 c.
&— : : »
Chicago Grain Market.
t — : — . . —^
> CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— The firmness shown by
yesterday's Wheat market was still apparent
at the opening In Wheat and notwithstanding
favorable news initial prices were a shade
higher. Liverpool was about lid higher, due
to the advance here yesterday, and to the con
tinued drought In India, and to this fact part
of the buying which characterized the early
trading was due. Offerings, however, soon ex
cee.led the demand, which was almost entirely
{rum the outside, and the .•mall opening ad
vance was soon lost. Local professionals did
little buying and a liquidating movement of
respectable proportions set in on the posting
01 Bradst reel's ligures on the world's available
supply, which put the surplus at 139,000,000
bushels as compared with 56,000. bushels last
year. This soon ceased and for the remainder
of the* session trading was ridiculously small.
The weather was too hot for even the most
enthusiastic trader, and the pit, lor the greater
part of the time was half deserted. A feature
was the large Western movement. Primary
receipts amounted to 1,154,000 bushels, the Hn#i"e
as last year. This tact had little effect on
prices, but increased the bearish feeling among
traders and little support of any kind i was
forthcoming until the price had got below puts,
When realizing and buying against those priv
ileges caused a slight rally and gave the mar
ket an appearance of firmness toward the close.
The cash demand here was slow, but the sea
board reported a moderate export demand, with
fifteen loads engaged. December Wheat opened
a shade higher at 71*4 c and sold Immediately
at 71. ■. It slowly declined to 71 I ! Sc, and
rallied to 71% c, where it closed.
Ccrn barely held its own, with the range
narrow and the trade In general slow. There
was some attempt by professional bulls to
boost prices on the dry. hot weather, but pre
dictions of general rains brought selling orders.
December closed unchanged: September closed
a shade higher.
'1 here was a fair sized business' done In Sep
tember Oats, and that commodity advanced
sharply, The buying was done mostly by cash
people, who were evidently short, and there
was little offered. December closed Vie higher
September «!'«'-l H'S%c higher.
Provisions were dull and after a little firm
ness arourfd the opening rather heavy. Later
commission houses sold moderately «md ad
vances were lost. The close was steady; Octo
ber Pork S%c lower. Lard and Ribs a shade
hither.
The leading: futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wlvnt No. 2—
PeT'tember 70S 70% 7M,i 7"v,
Pocember 71»i 71T4 714 '71%
May 74% 75 74% • 74%
Corn No. 2—
September 82 32 31% 32
December 29 Z)% 25% 29
May -. 29% 30 29% -30
Oats No. 2— '■ . ■ - : ' :
September 20 7 * 21»4 -20% 21%
Per-ember 20' i 20% 2014 20V4
May v . 21% 22"i . 21Ti 22V4
Moss Pork, barrel—
September ..:. ' .... 820
October 830 830 8 22% 8 22-,
January ...'.: 9 fis 970 9 62V4 9 62' i
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 5 32' i 6 37^4 5 82H 6 32Vj
October 5 37V4 640 535 635
January 5 Bo 5 55 5 50 5 50
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 6 32 -4
October 5 35 6 40 B 35 5 35
January 505 5 074 5 024 605
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 650670 ;
No. 2 red, 71%©73 ] ie: No. 2 corn, 32Vic; No. 2
oats 22c; No. 2 white, 22(3'22Vic: No. 3 white
::Vi!ii23Hc; No. 2 rye. B5Hc; No. 2 barley, .36®
40c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 17H; prime timothy seed,
$2 3002 40; mess pork, per barrel. $7 40@S 25;
lard, per 100 pounds $5 224<3>5 374; short ribs
sides (loose), $5 20&5 60: dry Baited shoulder*
(boxed), fo 5005 62»,i; short clear side* (boxed).
15 0606 75: whisky, distillers' finished goods,
P p r gallon, $1 22. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels m "fSS
Wheat bushels 1 03 - 000 ,-q'^o
Corn, bushels 662,000 msmq
Oats, bushels « S ' <> ' 1 " * 2 " w
Rye. bushels *.M 0' • *-™.\
Barley, bushels 66.000 2.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the J? u "«*
market was firm; creamery. 16©»c: dalrj. 13|
17c. Cheese, firm, 10%<Sn\ic. Eggs, fresh 14(&
14^c.
- Foreign Futures.
i . L ; —
LIVERPOOL. I;,, ■'•■'■■,-
Wheat- Sept. Dec Mar.
Opening 5 94 5 11% 6 1%
Closing 69% .5 11? - 61%
PARIS.
Wheat- Sept. -Apr.
Opening « « |» §"
Closing • 19 "0 20 m
Flour— ,• „- , r
Opening 26 40 27 15
Closing 2t> ** -' -'
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. Frpt. 7. --Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes- Malaga, 90c,
single crates; Tokays. Jl©l 10. Pea<-hes--Al
bright Cling, 90c a box; Orange <"llng, 56®9»c;
Union fling $1 05. Pears— Bartlett*. $1 40®
2 20 a box; aairgeau, $1 50; Deanjou, $1 25®
1 30; Beurre Hardy, $1 So@l 40; Howell, Jl «5.
Prune*— German, *l 10@l 30, single crates;
Oros. $1 65@1 SO.  ,
Porter Bros I'-mpany'? sales: Grapes-Mala
gas. 76c@$l, half crate; Tokays, 7<icasi 10; Em
peror, 56c a half crate. Pears— Bartletts, fi 70
o*2 30 a box; Beurre Clalrgeaus, $1 60. Plums—
Kelseyß, 6f>?<jjsi 26 a half craf. Peaches—Sal
ways, Tf.oJil 05 a box; Barton Frees, 1'
Levl I'lliig BSc9sl; Whits '"ling. sd@6sc;
George's Late, 70c; I^nmn, 76c; I'hllippB 1 Cling,
80(ff76c. Twelve carp sold.
NEW YORK Sent: 7.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's sales of' California fruit: Pear*—Bart
letts. 80c9f2 8G a box and $1 15 a half box;
Seckles. ji 8692 20 a box and 90c9U 11 a half
box; Duchess Jl 45 a box. Nectarines, 66@76C
a half crate Grapes— Tokays, *1 109* 06 a
half crate; Malaga M .' J ! 20; Muscats. 65@90c.
Peaches— George' s Late, $1 l'O'ffl 15 a box; Plc
quett's, 66c; Lovell, 70980 c-; Yellow, 80c; BUS:
quehnnna, 86c a box and 80c a half crate;
Smurk, 75c a tox; Levl, 75c9V 10; Cling, ."■ j
75c; Salways, s fi '.iJ! 10; Crawfords. TO'y :<".<• : Me-
Devitts, 7uc Prunes- Hungarians, fl 8592 15,
half crates; Silver. SOc@Jl 16. Plums— Kelseys,
7uci/Jl 15 a half crate. Seventeen cars sold.
Earl Fruit Company's Bales: Grapes—Mala
ga, 96c9Jl 50 single crates. Peaches- Orange
'■lines, {l lO'-d is a box. Pears— Bartletts, Jl 20
■ .■: SO a bos .' .■•■; a half b >x; Clairgeau, i- 12;
Morceau, $1 7:,; Seckel, 60980 c, single crates.
Plums— Yellow Egg. 45c9SL Prunes—Fellen
berg, $1 1601 ao, Mingle crates.
Easicrr. livestock Market.
■ CHICAGO, Sept. 7.— CATTLE— There was less
urgency to the general demand for Cattle to
day, but the moderate supply prevented any
decline in prices. Good to choice Cattle, $5 75@
i 86; commoner grades, $4 25@6 7.".: stockers and
feeders, $4 2i'xri4 i»5; bulls, stags, COWS and
heifers, |2@6 35; Texas steers, $3 50Q6 20; rang
ers. $3 45<iT5 2;"; calves, $4@7 25.
HOGS— Trade In Hogs was active early at
advances of 5<5?10c. for the general run. Later
the market was weak. Heavy Hogs, $4 50(5'
4 624; mixed lots. $4 20@4 65, and light, $t 25i5J
4 70; pigs. $3 4004 40; culls, $2if}3. ' -"<■}-:■
SHEEP — In Sheep and Lambs was ac
tive. Sheep were steady and Lambs were sfi
10c- higher. Sheep, '$2 25ijjr3 25 for common to
$404 50 for the best; native ewes selling, $3 Zs@
• 3 86; and Western Sheep, $"'. 50#< 25; Lambs,
$3 Bo@6 30 for inferior to choice; Western range
flocks selling at $s!f}s 50.
Receipts— 7000; Hogs, 18,000; Sheep,
15,000. •■.'■- '
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept Clearings, $333,
--896; balances, $23,455.
. Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 7.— The bright weather
has slightly eased up the demand for wheat
at very much of a premium over export prices.
It is apparent that all of the wheat has not
been damaged and that it will not be ab
solutely necessary to pay famine prices now
or later on, and buyers are accordingly pro
ceeding with more caution, although offerings
are very light. A cent a pound Is about the
proper quotation for Walla Walla up to file
per bushel for milling purposes; 61-pound wheat
might bring 61c. For Valley. 60©61 cis obtain
able, the latter being given as an outside quo
tation.
WASHINGTON.
' TACOMA. Sept 7.— Wheat is somewhat firm
er, but receipts are light; Club, .>'■; Hlue-
Bten , tile.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 7.— Consols, 104 xi; silver.
27 3-16 d; French rentes, lOOf 52'ic; wheat car-\
goes off coast, quiet and steady: cargoes on
passage, firmer tendency; English country
market*, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Sept. 7.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, firmer.
l■> ITT< >N Cplands. 3 17-32.
CL< 'Sl.v;.
CORN— .-■•■ new firm, 3s 4%d; old firm.
3s 3'i'l. Futures firm; September, 3s 4-\d: Oc- i
tober, Ms 5"-|d; November, 3h >'.' 4 d.
WHEAT Spot firm: future) quiet. Septem
ber, 5a >'•>■!. December, 5s ll'.^d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange", GO days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 S.Vs,
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York EJxchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ISV4
Mexican Dollars 48 4,5% i
Fine Silver, per ounce — C 9
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT- The Chicago market opened dull
and steady. Cables were V" higher, and there
was some little Investment buying. Increased
receipts and the condition of the freight mar-
Icet, however, operated against any advance,
though better values were looked for shortly.
The shorts have covered freely of late, but
will resell unless a good export demand ap
pears. Broomhall cabled that Russian wheat
was moving slowly under the high, prices
there, and that the Indian situation was be
coming worse.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02V4<3'1 05; milling,
$1 07%©l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
32,<Vi0 ctls. %\ 10%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctlß, $1 15%. De
cember—2ooo. $1 10%; 2000. $1 10%,
Regular Morning Session- December—
ctls, $1 10%. -10,000, $1 16%.
Afternoon Session— May— 4ooo ctls. $1 15%;
4000. $1 1514. December— l6.ooo, $1 10%.
BARLEY far this year we have
shipped more Hnrley than wheat to Europe.
The market at present Is quiet on the spot,
with no speculation on call.
Feed. BO'i/83%c; Brewing, 90995 c; Chevalier.
$1 10©l 22 Vi per Ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9 :l!> o'clock No snle*.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 84Hc
Regulnr Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— rains up north, by delaying the
harvest, are resulting In small stocks here,
hence the market continues firm. Red have
advanced. White, 11 1001 25; Red, $1 O7V4S'I 15
per rtl; Black. 92%c®91.
CORN— market Is lower and dull. The
Eastern crop Is being damaged more or less
by dry hot weather. Eastern large Yellow,
II OR; White and mixed. $1 021/sCal 05. per ctl.
RYE— 9O®9J%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
. Flour and Mill-stuff s.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 8003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 40'i(.3 50; Oregon
and Washington, ?3 4003 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 'Jf.?|3 40 for bakers' and $2*1693 for super
fine.
MILLBTT T FFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. *3 26 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. '« 76: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, »7; Cornmeal, J2 50: ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, S3 2.".; Oatmeal-. $4 ">o'f(4 75-
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. n 25^3 £0; Buck
wheat Flour, t4fi?4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. S3 50; Rolled
Oats (barreis), S6 55(86 <».",; In sacks. $6 3506 75;
Pearl. Barley. J5; Split Peas, $1 CO; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is no change In Hay. Arrivals of
medium grades continue large, hut strictly
choice Hay is In moderate receipt and firm
BRAN-JIS 50^17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— II 7 60013 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. JIS-^IS 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; jobbing
H580029; Cocoanut Cake. »2mf?2l ; Cornmeal
*23 r,o(ij24 50; Cracked Com. J24(j725; Mixed Feed
Jlßfilfi 50: Cottonseed Meal. $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $6 roffs 60 for common to pood
and V3S 2r, for choice; W+ieat and Oat. J6{7iS;
Oat. $5 60O8; Barley. 1607; Island Barley,
$4 50©5 50; Alfalfa. J6®7 per ton; Compressed.
$6ff9.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Bean buyers are holding off for the new
crop and the market' Is dull, though prices
show no change.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 70<gl 80; Small White. J2 Oo
@2 15; Large White, $1 60@l 75; Pinks, $2 15®
2 25: Rerls. nominal; Blackeye, J4 15@4 25: But
ters, nominal: Llmas, J-j 10<(?4 15; Pea. *2 U.®
BEEDS— Brown kustard, 2453 c: Yellow Mus
tard, nominal: Flax, $1 90@2 10; Canary Seed,
2%93c i>er 1b for California and 3V»o for East
ern; Alfalfa, BH@9^c; Hape, 3c; Hemp, 4®
4%c; Timothy, nominal. •
DRIED PEAS-Niles. $1 25@1 50; Green, U oO
Q'2 uer ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beyond a further advance in Sweet Potatoes
there is nothing new in Potatoes and Onions.
The Vegetable market stands about the same,
except that there is less Corn coming In.
Tomatoes are as plentiful as ever, and prices
POTATOES — Garnet Chile*, 75®90c: Early
Rose 45965 c; Burbanks. 75c@$l per ctl; Salinas
Burbanks, $1171 25; Sweet Potatoes, 2' / i®2V4o
ONIONS — 75@85c per . ctl for Silverskins;
Pickle Onions, 50Q'75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2@2>4c per Ib;
String Beans, l«T2c: Lima Beans. 2@2%e: Cab
bage 60960 c: River Tomatoes, ISiJ?2Bc: Alameda
Tomatoes 25@30c: Egg Plant. So®4oc; Green
Okra 30i{T40c per box; Garlic, 2@Zc; Green Pep
pers ' 35(&40c for Chill and !s®4oc per box for
Bell! Carrots. 30W40c per sack: Bay Cucumbers
25©35 c; Pickles. $1 50@l 75 per ctl for No. 1 and
75c for No 2; Summer Squash, 25@35c: Marrow
fat Squash. $10 per ton; Green Corn, :".'"'' per
sack, 60975 c per crate for Alameda and Zs@4oc
for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
A car of Eastern . sold at 15c for Turkeys,
$1 25®1 75 for Creese, $5 5006 for Hens, $.">■:>■
.for young Roosters, $4 7596 50 for old Hens,.
$3 50«?4 SO /or Fryers and *3(^4 for Broilers.
Local stock shows no particular change, be
ing dull at the low prices, with ample receipts.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 14^pl5c for Gob
blers and I4«i.ic for Hen*; Young; Turkeys,
lff/l-V: Geese, per pair. SI 5001 75; Goslings,
$1 50®l 75; Ducks, $3 Eo<(?4 50 for old and $I^6
for young-; Hen?, 13 6095 50; young Roosters,
$4 5095; old Roosters, $4 6096: Fryers. $3 50®4;
I Broilers, $3f?3 50 . or large, ?2 5093 for 'small :
Pigeons. $1 2591 50 per dozen for old and $1 75
©2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 75$K5c per dozen; Grouse,
y, 5099; Mountain Quail. $3it3 50; Hare, $I@l 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 per dozen.
. Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are , weaker and quiet, the demand
! having fallen off considerably of late.
nutter shows no further decline.
Cheese is In larger supply and pome deal
] ers are disposed to make concessions. to effect
sales.
BUTTER—
: Creamery— Fancy creamery, 26@281tc; seconds,
24(g2. ic.
Dairy— Fancy, 22%@24c; good to choice, 21©
22c . Btore. nominal.
Pickled roll, 20<&21c; firkin, 19@21c; creamery
tub. 21922 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. lligll'-jc; old, 10
@<10^c: Young America. ligil'-jc; Eastern, 14
-.1 Lsc
EGGS— Quoted at 21(H'25c for store and 27%9
31c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 22Vi<?24c for
; selected, 20<jp21c for No. 1 and 17£( lac for sec
onds. • • .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Pears, Peaches and Plums are in good de
mand on canning account at full figures, as
supplies are derate.
Giapefl are still plentiful and dull.
Figs are firmer. Apples are lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-; -.■■.-< ■•-..■
Apples, 3">®6oc r"r box for common and 75c@
$1 for good to choice. ; .
BERRlKS— Blarkbrrrles, J^^4 50 per chest;
Strawberries, $■". 50@7 per chest for small and
$2'<i4 for large berries: Raspberries, $394 per
chest; Huckleberries, 296 c per lb. -
Grapes. E>4» Ss«" '• per box and crate for Fon
talnebleau, 2n < ?f3'»c for black, 40950 c for Mus
cat. -'ai' 1 ' for l"okay, 65975 c for Seedless, Me
for Cornlchoii and 78®85c for Isabellas.
Watermelons .«■' •■->•■ per 100.
Cantaloupes. 50c@$l per crate; Nutmegs, 159
40c per box.
Pears. Bartlett, $1 25®1 50 per box for No. 1
and 75c@$l for No. 2: In bulk, $35®50 per ton.
Fles. .'>o'S7ie per box for double layers of
small black and 50060 c for large purple
Peaches, 25®75c per box; In bulk, $20@35 per ;
ton. '-•* ■'', ."■-■
Plums, 20©40 c per box and $20930 per ton;
Prunes, 40@50c per crate.
Quinces, 40<SC0c per box.
CITRUS Kit! ITS- Lemons, Jll7l 75 for com
mon and J2(>/3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. 14 5095; California Limes, nominal;
Bananas. $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $1
',•: 50 ter dozen. ;. »'
Dried Fruits. Nuts, Raisins.
Therp is no further change to report. Prunes
are dull, as the demand Has not yet opened, i
Peaches ore weak and the tendency in Apples .
is downward. Apricots and Almond? are very ;
firm.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks, 5V4c for 40-50' s, 4%c for 50-60' s, 4c for 60
--70's. 2«. c for 70-80's. 3f|i3Uc for SO-SO" s and 2\
<fj2 liC1 iC for 90-100's; Apricots, WHillc for Royals,
HIiIjC for M "narks and .12@12Vic for Blen
heims: Peaches, 4@4Hc for Standards, s@sV4c
lor choice and 6@6VjtC for fancy; peeled Peaches.
10<@ lie: Evaporated Apples, 6^4@7Hc; Sun-dri^d
meoVic per lb; Nectarines. 7@B%i per Ib; i
Pears, 7t(Sc for quarters and S9loc for halves- ;
Black Figs, 3c.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4-"« c fur three- i
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4',4@6c for Seedless
Bultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and {1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, ".'■■inSc.
Walnuts, s©Sc for hardshell, 10012 c !
for softstaell; Chile Walnuts, 11912 c; Almonds, I
lOV.fTillVic for paper shell, B@9c for soft and i
4©s< for hard shell; Peanuts, r.r. "</•"',■■ foi»
Eastern; Brazil Nuts, BV4@9c: Filberts, 11®
ll%c; Pecans, "'■■_'■:■ Cocoa nuts, $4 .'■•.■'..
HONEY— Comb, HUcfor bright and 10Hc for
light amber; water white extracted, 7 i 4tj7 l tc:
light amber extracted. 6V4@?c; dark, i^c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2Bc per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, SHe per lb for
heavy, UtiOVjC fur light medium, lie for light,
12' 5 c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13Vjc; California
Hams. 18c; Mesi Beef, $13 per hbl; extra
I'rime Pork, $12 50; extra dear, $18 50; moss,
116® 15 50; Smoked Be.r. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at d%<9&%c per ih for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins. SVio; 5-lb tins 8 1 C
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6Tiiy.7V4c per lb.
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. . Heavy salted
steers. lOiglOVic; medium, 9@9'/2C; light. 9c;
Cowhides, <tc: Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls iind brands,
13c; dry Kin and Veal. 16c: dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20(g30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70(390c; long Wool.
90c@f1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2(fi2 25 for
large and $1 25®1 50 for small: Colts, 25@60c.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 4®4%c per lb: No.
2, 3@3%c; refined. ; grease, 2Q2 1 4c
WOOL — Spring Clips— San Juaquin and
Southern. 7 month?. SSHc: San Joaquln Foot
hill, defective. S©9c; Valley Oregon, 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon, 12ig.14c for choice and 9@11%c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs. 8®10c; do
plains. 788 c; San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain 7>b<fiso.
HOPS-^New are quoted at 12\4<i?14e per lb.
General Merchandise.
HAGS— Calcutta Grain Rags. 7(f?7'/ie; Wool
Bags. 26(i?28c; Fruit Bag-?, 5%C, sVsc and fie for
the three grades of white and 7@7'.4c for i
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton. 18; Bouthfleld Wellington. $7 BO; Seattle, $6; |
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, ?5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch. $*»; Cumberland, J9 60 in bulk and
$10 75 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$12: Cannel, $8 per ton: Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and
Sl4 In sacks. •■ i ' .
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com- |
pan)* quotes, terms net- cash, in li)0-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5V4c;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, ■"•'-,'■;
Dry Granulated, Be; Confectioners' A, sc; Call
fornia A, — ; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4<£c; j
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, ;
%c more; boxes, He more; 50-lb batrs, %c more, •
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, b\c: boxes.
6c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The market for all descriptions remains un
changed. '
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steer- and 6V4@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— 7<t?loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7V4@Bc: Ewes, 7@7^c per
pound.
LAMB— SH@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%©5%0 for small. Be for
medium and 5%®5%c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, sVic; dressed Hogs, 7@BHc.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 7.
Flour, qr ska 23,034: Wine, gals 20 700
Wheat, ctls 11.841 Chicory, bbls ' io
Barley, ctls 125.180 Lime, bbls 364
Oats, ctls 1,000! Egg», doz 6,180
Corn, ctla 15 Pelts, bdls ' 60
r >p. ctls 10.051 Hides, no 254
Cheese, ctls 19l| Mustard, -sks 1,930
Butter, ctls lOGiSugar, sks 2500
Tallow, ctls 204 Beans, sks 62«
Hay, tons 682 Middlings, sks.... 552
Straw tons 105! Potatoes, sks 6 314
Wool, bags 231 Onions, sks '200
Leather, r0115.... 561 Bran sks 675
. . OREGON. '
Flour, qr sks 154; Shorts, sks... 1375
Potatoes, sks 16 1 Wool, bales 2
Bran. sks 3,480 ! .. - •
•
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair business in securities on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange. Gas
and Electric was firmer at $67 50@68 and Giant
Powder was weaker at $73.
• There was no particular change in the after
noon.
Makaweli Plantation has declared a dividend
of 50c, payable on the 15th inst.
Changes in mining stocks wore slight. The
telegram from the pump said: "No. 1 elevator
has been running continuously. No. 2 elevator
ran 3d minutes. The water is 34 feet 2 inches
below the 1960 level station."
The letter from the Justice mine for the past
week says: <>n the 370 level the south drift,
started 78 feet from the face of west crosscut
No. 1, was advanced 10 feet during the week,
making Its total length 86 feet. The face is in
i streaks of quartz giving low assays.
In the Belcher mine, on the 100 lav,!, the past
drift from the station Is now in 96 feet, having
been advanced 17 feet during the week. The
face show-- porphyry. On the 1000 level the
east crosscut from the main north lateral dTlft
| ir out 247 feet. 6 fe^t having been bade during
! the week. The face is in quartz giving low
assays. On the 1100 level the work of cleaning
out and retimb^ring the Belcher, Crown Point
■ and fellow Jacket joint north lateral drift is
still being continued. There have been hoisted
during the week and stored In the orehouse
it the mine 34 mining carloads of ore, the
average top car sample of which shows an
• • assay value of $22 76 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Sept. 7—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qunr c0up. 1124 — lEqult G L, Co. 34 —
; 4s quar reg — — Mutual El Co, 16% 17
<s now quar... — 131 '■',-. O G L & H.. 45% 4!>V6
3s quar coup. .loß 108% Pac Gas Imp. — 70
Miscellane. ue Pac i- Co » 41V*;
Cal-at Cab 68.115 — Is F G & E.... 67% —
C C Wat 65...109%110 San Fran 3^ 3%
Ed L & P 65.. 130 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
F& Cl Ry 6s. 114 — Insurance—
I Geary-st R ss. — 95 Firem's Fund. 22s —
1 H C .4 55V43..107 1 * - ; Bank Stocks—
L A Ry ss....H'iG"V>6 s b Anjflo-CaJ .... fir, —
: LAI. Co Bs.. 99 — Hank of Ca1. .282% —
■ do «ntd 65.. 99 — t'nl S]) & T.. — 9S
1 do gntd Bs.. - 100 First Nation). 234 —
Market-?: 65..126% — Lon P & A. ...131 —
do Ist M f,s. li:>Vill6 'Mer Exchange — 16
' NT C NQ R 7-i.ll'j — Nev Nat 8k..182%190
N R of Cal 65. 114 — Savings Banks—
NR of Cal 55. 115 116 |Ger S & L..1650 —
N PC H li 6a 10514 - .Hum S &• L.1060 1160
NPC R R 53.105 107 Mut Say Bk. 3714 42%
. N c a l R R as. lll — B F Say U... 500 —
1 O G I, & H 58.110 — Say & L So. — 82V4
Oak Trans G5.111%113 Sec Say Bk. — 300
cm C Ry 68.. 128 130 lUnion T Co. 1400 1440
. P & Cl Ry 65.106%107% Street Railroads—
Pk & O Ry >'.s 118 — California 120 —
Powell-si R68.U8 — Geary oO —
Sac El O&R5s — — " Market-st ....G2% —
SF& N P 55.U4%115 Oak SL& H. — 50
SF & S JV58.11554 — Presidio 12 —
I SRy of Cal es.lOt'i — Powder—
S P of A 6b.... — 113% California ....150 165
S P C 6s(1906)lll% — R Dynamite... 85 —
S P C 85<19«6) 111 1 - Giant Con Co. 73 3 i 74
i S P C 68(1912)122 — Vigorit 2% 2%
. B PC Is <>; ss.li>2',* — | Sugar—
X p n>- >w . .125 12« Hana P <"0.... 15% 16%
i S V Wat 65. .114 114% Haw c & S C. — 100
S V Wat 45. .104% — Hutch S PCo 314 32
PV W 4sCidm)lol — Kilauea S C... — 31
Stktn Gas fis.. — — Makawell SC. 51 —
Water Stocks— Onomea S C... 39% —
Contra Costa.. 75% 76 Paahau S C... 39 39%
Mai • County. 50 — Miscellaneous-
Spring Valleg.lOl 102% AI Pac Assn.. ll7^ll3
Gas and Electric— Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Cent GCo ... — — Oceanic S Co. 89 SO
Cent I- & P.- — ' Pac A F A.... 1% -
Par Paint Co. 8% - Pac C Bor Co. — 142H
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Contra Costa Water 76 00
4 Giant Powder Con 73 00
20 Makawell Sugar Co f»l 25
t2 Northern Railway of Cal 5.8 Jls 50
5 Oakland Gas 49 00
$1000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 112 00
30 Paauhau S P <v> 89 «2%
86 B F <'.a-i & Electric Co 67 50
30 S F <;a< ><• Electric Co 67 75
3 S F Gas & Electric Co .'.... 67 00
100 B F G !.-• .<- Electric Co, s 90 68 o*>
■•■ a f Gas & Electric Co 67 87%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co ■.. I
5 Spring Valley Water 102 124
1 10 Spring Valley Water, cash 102 12%
?• Spring Valley 4s i'Jd mortgage')
$1100 United States 3s 108 50
■
£4000 Los Angelea Railway 5a 106 50
ink or California 252 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Bank o£ California 2^2 50
•Hank of California tt
ntra Costa Water 75 57%
. Equitable Gas 350
(30,000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 106 50
75 Market Street Railway 62 50
75 Onomea Sugar Co J9 73
1 Paauhau s 1' Co 89 50
15 Paauhau S p Co 39 374
2 s r Gas & Electric Co 68 no
}2 )S P Branch Railway 6s 125 50
35 Spring Valley Water tot 12%
50 V'lgorK Powder 2 75
Stree
70 Oakland Gas 43 no
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 80 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
B< IARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water 75 75
50 Equitable Gas 3 77.
20 Hutchinson S V Co 82 00
iii Mutual Electric Co 16 75
BO Makaweli Supar Co 51 25
GO Makaweli Sugar <'■■> 51 374
$4000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 106 62' i
$6000 .-; rinK Valley 4s (2d mortgage) 104 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
GO Equitable Has 3 S7'4
25 Giant Powder Con 73 50
30 Giant Powder Con 73 62 1 £
50 Mutual Electric Co 16 S7'»
30 Makaweli Pupar Co 51 37' a
R0 Makawfli Sugar Co 51 25
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 S7>£
S3 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 00-
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 601 SOO Potosl 34
400 Chollar 41 200 Sierra Nevada. 85
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 800 Utah 14
200 Crown Point... 23 1 250 Yellow Jacket.. 30
100 OpMr 1 151
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 08; 100 Mexican ........ 60
50 Caledonia 69; 100 Union Con 42
100 Crown Point... 22' 500 Yellow Jacket.. 32
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning 1 Session.
100 Belcher 35 100 Sierra Nevada. S3
200 Best * Belcher" .60 100 Sierra Nevada. $2
50 Caledonia 67 100 Union Con 43
600 Gould & Curry. 31 100 Union C0n...... 43
200 Gould & Curry. 32 200 Utah 15
300 Hale & Norcrs. 33 200 Utah 14
1500 Overman 15 200 Yellow Jacket.. 30
400 Potosi ... Sr,
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 16. 200 I'otosl 34
100 Andes 17 200 Savage ..' ■><)
200 Bullion 07 500 Sierra Nevada. SO
40 Con Cal & V...1 70 300 Sierra Nevada. 83
200 Con Cal & V.I 72Vi 400 Utah 14
1300 Occidental 23 500 Utah 13
100 Ophir 1 I2Vi' 35 Yellow Jacket.. 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, September 7—4 p m
Bid. Ask. ( Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 07 Justice 14 15
Alta 05 07|Kentuck 03 On
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 85 86 Mexican 50 52
Best & Belcher. 58 6,1 1 Occidental 21 23
Bullion 07 OS'Ophlr 1101 15
Caledonia 63 69, Overman 13 14
Cliollar 40 42 Potosi 33 35
Challenge Con.. 32 35 Savage 2S 30
Confidence 75 85 1 Scorpion 03- 01
Con Cal .*• Va..l 70 1 75;SeK Belcher.... 06 07
Con Imperial... 01 02. Sierra Nevada. 82 S3
Crown Point.... 22 23 Silver Hill n«> _
Con New York. — 02 ; Syndicate — 07
Eureka Con — 50 Standard —2 75
Exchequer — 03 St Louis 10
Gould & Curry. 32 83! Union Con 45 46
Hale & Norcrs. 32 33 Utah 14 1;,
Julia 02 04 Yellow Jacket.. 30 32
Sun, Moon and Tide.
united States Const and Geodetic Purvey—
Times and Heights of Hl«h and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority (if the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlch and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Port Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER S.
Sun rises ._ , 5 : 48
Sun sets...." .'. ... .8:29
Moon sets , 7:49 p.' n 7.
D (Time ITIrnel ITimel ITlme
£ I J Ft. J Ft. 1 Ft. i 1 Ft.
? IH W L W H Wl IL W|
8 ... 1:20] 4.7 6:49 1.6 1:07 5.5 7:39 0.5
9 ...| 2:11) 4.5) 7:24 2.0 1:40 5.5 8:30 0-4
10 ...I 3:10 4.2 8:03! 2.5 2:20 5.5 9?2« 0.3
11 ... 4:24 4.0 8:55 2.9 3:05| 5.5 10:30 0.2
12 ... 6:40 4.0 9:59 3.1 4:00; 5.5 11:35 0.2
13 ... 6:59 4.2 11:16] 3.1 5:161 5.4
L W II W L W H W
14 ... 0:3S 0.0 7:59 4.5 12;?:. 3.0 6:30 5.4
15 .. 1:361-0.11 8:45) 4.8 1:401 2-71 7:40 5.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ore Klven In the left
hand column und the 'successive tides of the
day In Ihe order of occurrence as to time. Tlu
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
AUCTJON_SALES.
P. J. BARTH, AUCTIONEER.
TO-DAY. FRIDAY. Sept. 8. 1599. at 2 p. m..
at 414 McAllister street. The elegant Furniture,
800 yards marly new Brussels Carpet >
Squares, Rugs, Elegant Vases, etc. Dealers,
Attention.
and the last or right hand column givea •
last tide of the day. except when there ai
three tides, as sometimes occur. The li
given are addition to the soundings oi,
United States Coast Survey charts, ex
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the h<
and then the number given is subtracted t
the depth Btvea by the charts. The plan
reference is the nwan of the lower low ■
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N M»r
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Ca!.,
September 7, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m Greenwich time.
• C. G. CATKIN'S.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. X.. In chars*.
Steamer Movements.
rO ARRIVE
Steamer. I From. j Due
Homer 'St. Michael ISepi <
Bertha St. Michael [Sep.
San Juan Panama jSe-p. i
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. ;
Wellington Departure Bay. Sep. i
B. Hernster Coquille River Sep. ;
Mineola Nanaimo Sep. >
Empire Coos Bay Sep.
Pomona Humboldt (Sep. :
Santa Rosa San Diego _ Sep. !
City of Rio J.. China and Japan Sep. i
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. |
Progreso Seattle Sep. <
Robt. Adamson Nana lino Sep. l'
Brunswick Oregon Ports ....[Sep. u
Coos Bay Newport —.. 'Sep. U
Crescent City... Crescent City Sep. ]]
Washtenaw Tacoma — ...Sep. l]
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay — .....Sep. 12
State of Cal Portland , ;Sep. 12
Australia Honolulu , Sep. ,3
Weeott Humboldt Sep. ri
Miami Seattle Sep. 13
Corona I San Diego _. Sep. 13
Areata Coos Bay [Sep. 13
North Fork [Humboldt [Sep; 14
Queen ....' Victoria & Puget Sound S»p. 14
Bonita I San Pedro Sep. :5
Columbia ' Portland Pep. 17
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Tier.
Areata i Coos Bay |Sep. 8, 4 pmjpier 13
Acapulco .. Panama Sep. 8,12 miPMSS
Walla Wall Vic _ Pgt Sd.lSep. 8, 10 am 7 J
Weeott Humboldt Sep. 8, 2 pmjPier !3
North Fork. Humboldt Sep. 9, 9 amjPler 2
Bnnita Newport Sep. 9, 9 an: Pier U
Columbia ..('Portland Sep. 10, 10 am Pier "4
Samoa Humboldt Sep. 10, 10 am Pier 2
Pomona ....Humboldt Sep. 11, 2 pm Pier 9
Point Arena Point Arena.. Sep. 11, 2 Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego 'Sep. 11. 11 am.Pier U
Nip. Maru..|ChIna& Japan Sep. 12, lpmPMSS
Homer '[('ape Nome... Sep. 12 !
Brunswick Oregon Ports. 'Sep. 13, 10 am Pier 21
A Blanch'd'Oregon Ports. Sep. 13, 10 amlPier 13
Coos Bay... Newport Sep. 13, 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. Sep. 13, 10 am Pier 9
State Cal... I Portland Sep. 15, 10 am Pier 24
Corona .San Diego Sep. 15. 11 am Pier 11
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRTVED.
Thursday, September 7.
IT S stmr Sheridan, Higgins, 27 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 23 days, via Yokohama
UVi days. ■
Stmr ■Willamette, Hansen, 76 hours from De-
P '"t," l r r 1 ' Gipsy, Leland, 28 hours from Mon
terey and way ports. ■ •■• •■■_ '•■
Htmr Weeott, Ellis, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 72 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Mackinaw, LKtlefield, So hours from
Tacoma. __. «__»
Stmr Columbia. Doran, 62 1 /4 hours frrim Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours.
Tug- "Wizard, 42 hours from San Pedro.
Ship Centennial, Christiansen, 16 days from
Ft bark General de Charette. Rahel, 69 days
Fr bark General de Charette, Rahel, 69 days
from Newcastle, NSW.
Bark J J> Peters, Townsend, 43 days fm Port
Clarence, via Chlgnik Bay 16 days.
Bark Edward May, Hanson, 27 days fm Hllo.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Johnson, 22 days
from Hilo. ■ "' ' ■ '■'.'' '"-',_.
Echr Corinthian, Korth, 20 hours from Bow
ens Landing. ...
Schr Julia E Whalen, Noyes, 64 days from
Coons Island, via San Pedro 13 days.
si, r Lena Bweasey, Johnson, S days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, 20 hours from Fish
Rock.
Schr Una, Haskins, 10 days from Tacoma.
Bchr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 20 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Bchr Eureka, Asplund, 8 days from Coquilla
River.
Schr J M Colman, Murchl6on, 10 days from
Port Gamble.
Bchr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Thursday, September 7.
Ftmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Quaymas; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Hr ship Queen Margaret, Fraser, Antwerp;
Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Ocr ehlp Flottbek, Shoemaker, Queenstowa; .,
Bark Amy Turner, ■W'arland, Hilo; Welch &
C °" SAILED.
Thursday, September T.
Stmr Tilt«.mook. Anfindsen.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymaa, etc.
Stmr Alameda, Yon Oterendorp, Sydney via
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Corona, Parsons, San Diego.
Bark Ceylon. -Wilier, Honolulu
Bark Amy Turner, "Warland, HTlo.
Fr bark Marguerite Dolltus. Lahaye. Qneen»
°Bktn Tain o' Shanter, Patterson, Columbia
River Antelope, Anderson, Coqullle River.
Bchr Antelope. Anderson, Coqullie Rtver.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, Coqulllo River.
Schr Viking, Peterson.
RETURNED.
Thursday, September T.
Pchr Antelope. Anderson, hence this after
noon for Coqullla. River, on account of carry
ing away forestay off the Heads.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept 7, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept 1-24 14 N 74 IS W, stmr Alltanca, from
New York for Colon. ; ' m ■■-
Per schr Lena Sweasey— Sept 2. 43 19 N 1.6 0J
W; schr C H Merchant, from Tacoma for San
P Sept 6, 10 a m-4« IS N 124 36 W. bark Big
Bonanza, hence Aug 30 for Puget Sound: also
stmr Czarina, from Seattle for San i ranclsco,
with raft in tow.
MEMORANDUM. •
Per National City— 7, 10:20 a Eight
miles ESE of Point Reyes, passed U - stmr
Badger, lying to and reported all well, \\ eath
er foggy. *
Per ID Peters— Light, baffling winds. Whal
stmr Thrasher left Port Clarence July !6 for
eastward. In port— Whal stmrs Grampus an.i
Balaena. Narwhal has l whale. I^ft in port
at Chlgnik Bay— Ship L J Morse; bark Ferrla
S Thompson.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE Arrived Sept 7— Bark
ma. from Port Townsend,
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 7—Stmr Miami, nee
-
Sailed Sept 7— stmr City of Topeka, for
Jap rtmr Kinshiu Mam, for Yokohama.
COOS RAY— Arrived Sept 7— Schr C
hence Sepl I.
COOS RAY— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
BAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr
Pedro, from Eureka.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Sept 7
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 7- -Schr Newark, hence S
FORT BRAGG- Sailed Sept 7— Stmr N 5
for San Francisco; Btmr Aloha, for Seat!
USAli— Sailed Sept T stmr Newsboy,
Sun Francb
POINT ARENA- Arrived Sept 7-Str V
boro. from Port !.■ b Angeles.
ASTORIA Arrived Sept 3 Str Stai
fornia. hence Sept 5; Br ship Bermuda,
San Dießo.
KI'REKA- Arrived Pept 7— Stmr Pomona, h ■
-
Palled Sept 7— Ptmr Alcatraz: stmr Aber
for San Pedro; schr Mary Dodge, for X .
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Finance,
fri re ' !olon.
Balled Sept 6— Stmr Advance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO— SaiIed Auk 24— Ger Bhlj
Palmyra, for Iqolque.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Enigen
Lniwe, for Bremen via Southampton:
Augusta Victoria, for Hamburg via Cher
aii'i Southampton,
BREMEN— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Saale. '
New York via Southampton.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Am
from Now York: Stmr Englishman, fnn
ton; stmr Belg-enland. from Philadelphia;
New Enpinnd. from Boston.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr SwiUer
land, from Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived P*pt 6— Stmr
genlan.l, from Philadelphia for Liver] I.
R( 'TTERDAM— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Am-
Ptcrlam, from New York
Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Spaamdam, for New
York.ROYAL TIME FOR
DUBOCE AND MEN
AT SANTA CRUZ
A Patriotic Welcome
Awaits Them.
CITY READY FOR THE FETES
TO-NIGHT THE NIGHT OF THE
BIG PARADE.
Gran Marshal Dockery Names Aids
to the Division Marshals — Pro
cession Will Start at 7
O'clock.
The Natives hn\e nothing left to wait
for • x ept the comm nd Marshal
Dockery to fall Into line and march to the
leery will start things off at 7
k to-night, and for an hour Market
the most enthusiastic lot
n Francisco's sons that ever marched
In wild disorder to a celebration. Every
parlor is ready and in Its costume. T'n
the red fire and the procession is
begun.
To-night's parade will start from Mason
ts and will be led down
to Market, then directly down I
Market to the ferry, where the special '
will be waiting. It is not a long lino ;
of march, and those who would see it i
must be on hand at the appointed hour, j
as the railroad company lihs announced
ts special will leave at 8:30 o'clock, j
whether the parade is over or not. The t
Natives will see to it that the parade is
over.
Arrangements for quarters in Santa i
rrui are completed. Every parlor is sat
isfactorily placed and every spare room
in the town lms been taken by the ac
commodation committee, and the assur
ance re will be room
n buy a ticket. The
• lows:
r 76 and Yerba liuena ;
■ : Iflc Parlor !
l 14.'. and Cali
u . All enß 195
>< lan House; G< I
Neary Hall, on .M
--• . Rincon Parlor ;
M. I. Hall, Walnut avenue; Alcalde
in I 'armers' Union build
and Pacific avenues, Mi
an House; Piedmont
Olympus 188 and National
lounty Court house;
: Pythias Hail;
De Lamater Hall:
Staffer building, Pa
• Lot ust street; Hes-
I nil-ling; San Jose
•
md Marshal Dockery
■ : >wing as aid to the
- . Is In to-night's parade:
Edward TaafEe, marshal;
: ey, W. P. Gilbert; Sec- i
Leon vleller. marsh..:: aids.
a. H. Milletz; Third Dl^
■ marshal; aids. J. >..
\. Ryan; Fourth Division.
marshal; aids, J. Qodcau,
,
The f> lluwing telegram from Santa Cruz
sets forth just the state of affairs in that
city:
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 7.— The California
Volunteers is the topic of conversai
For the time being the general celebration
is forgotten and the coming of the ->
men tt the Gallant First to thii city Is
to be the event in the historj of Santa
Cruz.
entertained more soldiers
ampments
■ ccoa t ; . '
lera of all
■ iiri-
-. bUt
■ . tl or as
We Are Pro . . i," is .
- that Lav.
:
, \Vhen word was received by Grand
President Frank Matttson last evening I
that the buys would be here Saturday on
a special train the Natives went wild with j
excitement; The Volunteers are to be th,e ;
feature of the parade; the welcome they
will rcelve, and the whole surrounding I
country will be here en mass, will amount j
to an ovation, a welcome such as was t
given them in San Francisco. They will ,
and Pacific avenue a second Market
t-treot and the electric light? stretched
across the avenue will remind them of.
ban Francisco's royal welcome.
Colonel Duboce'tj announcement puts a.
ciimax on the whole celebration and will
make this year's event by far the grand
est ever witnessed in this city.
The work of decorating Is completed ex- j
cept for the grand arch, which will be I
begun to-morrow. The welcome to be ac- j
corded the San Francisco parlors to-mor
iow night is to be a magnificent affair. '
livery Native Son has received orders to
meet at halt-past ID o'clock to-morrow j
evening at the N. S. G. \V. clubrooms to
Jorm in Une anil march to the- depot. The
town will be ablaze with colored lights,!
which are to be burned the entire length j
of the line of march.
Hut this will only be a beginning of the j
big welcome; as special trans from the
surrounding country, Ban Jose and San
Francisco will be arriving all day Batur- !
day. !
Santa '.'mzans wore awakened last night
by the shrill whistle of the steamer Gypsy, j
She had iust arrived from Monterey and j
bad on board the mussels gathered at i
Monterey by the Japanese hired by Ralph !
Miller. T!i<"re were 120 sacks of the juicy j
bivalves, each having 150 pounds of them, j
nnd they are to be used In the bin mussel
bake it the beach on Monday morning.
There ar-e enough mussels to feed 5000 pen
ple.
The decoration of the Native Sons' hall !
and clubrooms was completed this morn- I
ing. The clubroom. which is the general j
headquarter? of the 9th of September
committee; is done in the national colors. !
At each gas-jet are numerous silk flags '
of small pattern. Festooned in graceful j
folds is bunting over the large archway,
between the reading and billiard room; i
over this is a silk shield: above the shield j
la a golden eagle. On the rear wall is a
similar design, and on the side walls are ■
festoons and satin banners.
In the lodge room, which Is to be used |
as a reception room, the decorations are
of the softer colors, yellow and white. |
The entire distance around the room is
■ festooned in those colors.
The work of decorating the armory will
be commenced to-morrow. This Wnl be i..c
finest rated ballroom that Santa Cruzi
has ever had. Golden banners, with Co- I
lumbia In heavy gold -ilk upon them, are |
to be placed everywhere. Artistic crea
tions in tinsel, butterflies and sunflowers j
- are to be suspended from the celling. The i
bandstand will be entirely hidden from I
view by a lattice work In bamboo.
Sheriff Bease, the grand marshal. Is the ,
busiest man In town, getting his divi
sions read for the parade.
CAPTAIN OF THE TEAM.
Red Men Appreciate the Work of
One Who Instructed Them.
The members of Altahmos Tribe, Im
! Order of R ' Men, recognizing
that the tribe captured the Great Coun
cil prize of $100 through the Instructions
it received from V. F. Northrop, decided
to show its appreciation of his services
. : ;,1 to last Wednesday night in the
wigwam in H'nal B'rith Hall, by present
ing nim with a beautiful tomahawk of
silver, appropriately Inscribed and having
it tho following nnmef, those who
comDOsed the team: V. P. Northrop,
captain; J. H. Hutaff, F. W. Bishop. Vv\
T 1 v >n .1 E. Towers, F. Hardy, H. Cills,
H C Brown, t;. A. Treadweii, A. E.
Wessling. R. L. Apple. J. L. Sanders, G.
A Heintz, <;. W. Baltic, J. Heaney, F.
Si Kay, A. L. Adams.
The presentation speech was made by A.
L Holder, great junior sugamore and the
recipient made ■ pleasing response.
Veteran Firemen Go to Fresno.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's As
sociation of this city having accepted the
Invitation of the people of Fresno to spend
Admission day with thorn will leave to
day for that city. Between seventy-five
and eighty members in uniform —ill go on
the excursion and about one nundred
ladles will accompany them. The asso
ciation's big engine was sent to Fresno
on Wednesday and will be In the parade In
Uiai city
YEARS IN JAIL
FOR ACTS OF
HASTY ANGER
Volunteers Who Must
Pay the Piper.
COURT-MARTIALED IDAHO MEN
MEDALS FOR THE CALIFORNIA
MEN WHO FOUGHT.
Adjutant General Corbin Says Major
General Shafter Will Remain in
the Service as a Volunteer
Officer.
The lifo of the volunteer is not an easy j
one, but it becomes particularly hard j
when he tries to indulge In little breaches
of the law of the land, which out of the j
service are looked upon as censurable j
but not necessarily punishable. To .strike j
a man is not considered serious by a |
jury, but it is very serious before a
court-martial, and the law makes no dis
tlnctlou because of station, while a soldier
multiplies his offense by three or four
when he selects an officer as the object of
his wrath. That is what some men of
the Idaho Regiment are now finding out. j
Four of them were sent to the guard j
house at the Presidio yesterday and j
formally turned over to Colonel Freeman, j
commandant of the post. They are Meade
Barr of Company F, sentenced to two j
years' Imprisonment at hard labor, for- ]
feiture of all pay and allowances due or !
to accrue and dishonorable discharge
from the army of the United States; Ed
ward Thlerolf, Company H, under simi
lar sentence; Edward Callam, Company
H, sentenced to one year, forfeiture of
pay and allowances and dishonorable dis
charge, and George Guyett, .Company D,
sentenced to six months' Imprisonment,
forfeiture of pay and allowances and dis- j
honorable discharge.
All the men except Guyett were In the
Billbid, a prison at Manila, for nearly a
year, so they will serve only a part of
their sentences here. They will be re
moved to Alcatraz to-day or to-morrow.
The crime in the case of Barr and
Thlerolf is striking an officer; Callam'a
case, threatening to strike an officer; in
Guyett'a case, shooting at a soldier. Ine
charge against all is conduct to the
prejudice of good order and military
discipline, in violation of the articles of
war.
Barr, Thierolf and Callam were incar
cerated in the guardhouse at Manila for
some minor offense. They were all more
or less intoxicated, and tney rowed with
'he officers of the guard. Thlerolf, who is
a Dig, burly miner, look two of the offi
cers of the* Fourteenth United States ln
tantry, which was on guard duty with
the idaho troops, and knocked their heads
together. Barr struck one of his own
oincers, who came to quiet the men, and
•Jaliam got only - -" far as to show a Will
ingness to mix in the light. ....
Guvett was arrested and charged with
an attempt to kill a soldier. The wit
nesses against him did not give sufficient
evidence to prove so grave an offense, so i
he was convicted of what in common Jaw ;
would be an assault. A general court
martial tried and sentenced the men in
Manila and they came here as prisoners.
Since the regiment has been at the Pre- j
sidio th* men have been kept in the guard ,
tent They expected all along that they
would be released as soon as tney arrived
here and they made no attempt to escape |
—a wise move on their part, for the army |
never forgets a missing prisoner. here j
has been no commutation of the sentence, ;
however, and yesterday the four were
placed in keeping safer than the guard
tent of a camp.
The offenses of Ban and Thierolf are
very similar to that of McVeigh of the ■
Wyoming battalion, who came here under i
sentence of death for striking Lieutenant :
Wrlghter. Under the circumstances the j
sentences imposed were light. They serve i
as a warning to other volunteers, how
ever to remember that there are certain
offenses in time of war which even the
sentiment of voluntary service cannot
condone. Courts-martial have not been
hard on the volunteers, and what sen
tences were passed have been forgotten
or buried by the various commands, but
from stories that keep coming back with
the troops it is evident some of the arti
cles of war have been severely strained
down in the Islands.
Saturday. September 16. is the date set
for decorating the California men who
fought In the war. P. J. dv Py and W. D.
Shea of the Native Sons' medal commit
tee called on Colonel Duboce yesterday
and reported the date to him, as well as
what arrangements had been made. Col
onel Duboce promised to assist in every
way possible to make the affair a success,
as ihe ceremony of giving is going to be
made as Important, if possible, as the
medal Itself. ,
The regiment will be drawn up on the
parade ground at the Presidio, and each
man will bf called up to have his medal
pinned on his blouse by one of the Native
Daughters. Every man will be given a
certificate with his medal, on which will
be his name and rank and the reasons for
his decoration. The medals will be num
bered and a careful record of those pre
sented will be kept, so the decorations
will be fully protected and no one not en
titled to the honor may wear one. A
medal will be given for every man. If he
be present he will get it before his com
rades and In the presence of the people.
If he be absent it will be sent to him
when he can be properly located. If he
is dead his nearest relative will be given
the honor for which he paid his life.
After the men of the First Regiment
and the Heavy Artillery have been deco
rated the committee will take up the case
■of the men who served at home, It will
be some time before the medals for them
W Surgeon Major McCarthy of the First
Burgeon Majoi McCarthy of the I< irst
California Is dividing his time between
camp and the city, for some of his pa
tients have escaped him and have been
attacked with disease out of bounds.
There are three men of the regiment who
are seriously ill with pneumonia. They
admit themselves it is the result of wear
ing their khaki uniforms and light flan
! nelK in the San Francisco fogs, but that
admission makes their case no better.
'. They were taken sick at home and Dr.
McCarthy dare not remove them to the
i military hospital, so he is treating them
:at thciY own residences. He makes his
rounds through the city every day.
! This Is the last official day for the Col
orado le&imerst. At 10:30 this morning the
paymaster will arrive and open his money
bags and then the men will be discharged
as fast as they can be paid. The work
will be finished In the afternoon, and then,
after a night of freedom, the boys will be
taken home on a special train. it will
start at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon,
and will travel East in four sections.
First Lieutenant Eugene T. Wilson,
Third Artillery, a lieutenant colonel in the
volunteer army, and a man who made a
record by his work during the war. has
been made an aid on the staff of Major
General Shatter. Colonel Wilson was the
officer who had charge of the laying of
the submarine mines for the protection of
this harbor during the early part of the
war and of the plans for their placing.
That work completed, he was ordered to
Porto Rico for duty. He was recalled for
service in the Philippines, but that order
has been canceled in his assignment to
General Shatters staff. Colonel Wilson
Is well known in this city.
Captain Edwin V. Bookweller, Ninth In
fantry, has reported for duty at the Pre
sidio under assignment to service with the
recruits pending his transportation to
\1 Privates William H. Mead and Burt
Privates William H. Mead and Hurt
Johnson. Hospital .Corps, U. S. A.: Pri
vate Neil McNeil. Company I, Seventeenth
Infantry, and Corporal Fred E. Henche,
Company B. First North Dakota Volun
teer Infantry, all insane, were sent to the
Government hospital at Washington yes
terday in charge of a sergeant and four
privates from the Third Artillery.
First Lieutenant Sherrard Coleman,
Thirty-fourth Infantry, has been detailed
to act as quartermaster and commissary
of the transport Belgian King. The. Bel
gian King will sail In a few days with
seven companies of the Thirty-fourth. The
headquarters, band and five companies
will board the Columbia to-day, and they
will probably start for the Islands before
evening. Wurcus, Company „ North Da-
Joseph Wurcus, Company B, Isorto Da
THE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1899.
kota Infantry, died at the general hos
pital yesterday. He went directly from .
the transport Grant to the hospital and
had lingered since August M. He was
suffering from pulmonary tuberculosis
1-c aye of absence for one month has
been granted to Captain Joseph M. Califf.
commanding Light Battery- C of the Third
Artillery. Captain Califf and his battery
have been familiar figures in all the es
corts for volunteer troops that nave
I turned out.
First Lieutenant William J. D. Home.
I Ninth Cavalry, who has been on duty in
I the adjutant general's office, has been or
dered to return to rejoin his command.
Hereafter cavalry horses to be pur
chased will be inspected at the Presidio
I by Lieutenant Colonel Wallace P. Ran
dolph. Third Artillery, assisted by Veter
inary Surgeon Creely and William Relch-
I elt, "an employe of the quartermaster's
department.
The following letter has been addressed
to Colonel O. F. Long, quartermaster in
charge of the transport service here:
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 7. 1899.
Colonel O. F. Long. U. S. A.— Dear Sir: On
I tielisiif of the executive board. California Red
: i 'ross. State Association, permit me to thank
! you most cordially for the generous use of the
transport and <*ourtP.°ios to the Red Cross on
asion of the return of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers from the Philippines. Your
kindness and courtesy on all occasions are
eincerely appreciated. Very sincerely yours,
MRS. U L. DUNBAR, Secretary.
A meeting of parents and friends in
terested in the recently discharged sol
diers now on their way home was held
last evening at Armory Hall. The fol
lowing offici rs were elected:
President, John McGeary; vice president, Ed ■
A. Brackett; secretary, Miss Thilita Mohun;
treasurer Mrs. Russell Bassett. Committees
were named as follows:
Reception -Mr. Burson, Mr. Balrd, Mrs
Curamnns, Charles Hatnes, Mr. Krant, Mr.
Lennard. Mr*. V. C. Balrd, Mrs. Hayden, Mrs. :
1 W. A. Smith.
Frees— J. J. McCarthy, Mr. Burson, Mre.
| Kennp.ly.
Committee on order of business— Mr. Mann,
E. A. Urackett, Louis Jacobs, J. J. McCarthy.
The following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That most of the discharged sol- i
dlere from the Fourteenth. Eighteenth and i
Twenty-third Infantry, Third Artillery, and
Fourth Cavalry regiments, being on the trans
! port City of Para, this committee make ar
i rangements to see the discharged soldiers from j
the same regiments that will he on the trans- \
j ports Sheridan, Zealandia. and Valencia, to '■
I arrive before the City of Para, and notify !
i them of the reception to be hr>Kl, and that the '
reception he hWd on tho day after the arrival
• of the City of Para.
SOLDIER INJURED
IN A DANCE HALL
John Doyle Knocked on the Head
With a Chair During a
Riot.
A crowd of soldiers got mixed up in a
free for all fight the Eureka dance hall
on Kearny street about 2 o'clock this
morning, and John Doyle, a private in
the Thirty-fourth Volunteer Infantry,
was knocked on the head with a chair
and seriously injured. He was removed
to the Receiving Hospital, and a man
who refused to give his name was ar
rested and charged with being the man
who assaulted him, at the California
street police ptation.
Last night was a wild one all over the
Barbary Coast, and the police were kept
busy suppressing incipient riots in the
many dives in that unsavory district. A
provost guard from the Presidio was also
active in rounding up drunken soldiers.
«.
Golden Gate's Welcome
Golden West Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows tendered a reception
last night to R. H. Good, a member of the
First California Volunteers, who belongs
to the lodge. Henry C. Gesford, P.. N. <>
delivered a patriotic address of welcome,
which was received with great applause.
Corporal J. G. Morrison of the Nebraska
regiment told of what the Odd Fellow
soldiers did on the Island of Luzon in* car
rying out the work of the order. Morris
Cramer entertained with ragtime music
on the piano. J. H. Applegate, P. N. G..
of Apollo Lodge, delivered a short ad
dress on the beauty of Odd Fellowship. C.
H. Goldberg of Redding Lodge gave a
recitation, after which William J. Hynes
entertained the audience with a quarter of
an hour of humorous sayings and songs.
Then followed a number or short talks,
pongs and stories, together with a colla
rion am! Heirs.
California's Soldier?
California Parlor Xo. ]. Native Sons nf
the Golden West, through Its committee
>d of the order, consisting of w ]>
Jr., w. H. Stnnieis find Benjamin
I>avis. gave a supper in a Post street cafe
to its two soldier members, M. O. A'"\
ander and P. D. McCartney, recently re
■ . ' ' :.ila.
About 160 were present to welcome the
soldiers. Jamee P. Dockery acted as
master of ceremonies. There were ,i.l
dressos by Henry Lunstedt, grand sec
retary, and Mynu; Wolf, talks of times In
the Philiypines by the guests of the even
ings, songs by B. F. Hanlon, L. !..
and Benjamin Davis, piano selections Dy R.
11. Morse and remarks by many others
present.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Delos D. Snyder, San Francisco, liabili
ties $8860 on promissory notes executed in
Kansas and Ohio; no assets. William T.
Maynard. solicitor, San Francisco, $875; no
assets, Julius Hirshherg. Oakland, mpr
chant. liabilities 120,724 .".7; assets $000.1
In trade, machinery, etc, $l07">. debts
pen account $75, insurance policies
KNIGHTS OF HONOR
GOING TO LOS GATOS.
MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENT.
TO-MORROW the members of the local lodges of the Knights of Honor
and the members of the Alameda County lodges will celebrate Admis
sion Day by a picnic and barbecue In the beautiful grove at Los Gatos,
leaving this city by the broad-gaugo at 8:15 a. m. in a train decorated
with streamers and bunting and witn banners, bearing the names of
the lodges occupying the cars. There will be a larj; : number of gate
and game prizes. The people of Los Gatos have made arrangements to en
tertain the visiting Knights and their friends and City Counselor Richard
Robertson of that place has written to announce that two thousand people re
siding in the vicinity of Los Gatos will attend the picnic.
'..he Committee of Arrangements is as follows: Benjamin I. Salomon, G. A.
D , chairman; George A. Folsom, P. D., secretary; F. A. Jennings, P. D.,
treasurer; Prescott L. Archibald. O-. D.; Charles H. Holcomb, G. V. D.;
Thomas Johnstone, G. R.; F. W. Zehfuss, G. T.; E. F. Joy, A. M. MacPher
son and Charles Lampe, grand trustees. C. B. Wedekind. James A. John
ston, J. E. Erlcson, C. W. Apgar, Thomas Learned, George W. Terry, F. W.
Oilman, I. D. Martin, George F. Derning, Charles Magulre, Thomas Billings
lea, 13. E. George, John J. Beran, 15 P. Thyes, M. Blanchard, E. C. Houaley,
J. Gimmel, J. Baban and W. P. Archibald.
Floor Committee: J. E. Erlcson. chairman; Charles H. Holcomb, George
A. Folsom, B. E. George, George F. Derning, E. W. Kauffman and John J.
Beren.
Committee on Games: James A. Johnston, chairman; M. Blanchard, F.
W. Gilman, E. P. Thyes, E. C. Housley and C. W. Apgar.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
JOHN NICHOL'S
CHILDREN MAY
BE WITNESSES
Sensational Trial Is
Promised.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 7.
Miss Jane Hodge will tell from the wit
ness stand next Tuesday the remarkable
story of the matters of love, affection and
separation that have transpired between
her and the wealthy old capitalist, John
Nichol of East Oakland. The case has
| been set for trial, and as all parties are
eager for a determination as to tne legal
value of the sufferings she has sustained,
if any. there will probably be no delay.
Mis's Hodge believes that she is entitled
to $50,000 for her disappointment, «tnd Mr.
I Nichol does not believe he ever said any
: thing that could have caused the least
! flutter of anguish in her maidenly heart.
One of the most interesting features of
! the trial will be the argument as to
I whether a man can make a promise of
marriage with a condition, and as to
whether, having made the promise, he can
I urge the dissatisfaction of his daughters
'as a reason for breaking it off. Miss
! Hodge has deposed that Mr. Nichol as
-1 sured her that it would be absolutely im
possible for him to live out the few re
! maining years of his life without her.
, While making these ! professions in a
i buggy on a cold, gloomy day Mr. Nichol,
who is nearly an octogenarian, did not
stipulate that his warm affection was to
be subject to the wishes of his grown
daughters. The old gentleman says that
I it was expressly conditioned and under
| stood even while he was breathing fond
nothings to his sweetheart that it was to
be, as he says in a letter, "all off" if the
daughters disagreed.
Apparently from the matter which has
crept into depositions the daughters were
very far-sighted and philosophical. They
reduced this matter of affection and mar
riage to a cold financial basis and began
j to figure on their respective shares when
: the "Nichol estate should be distributed.
i They hinted at many things that Miss
Jane resented, and it was only after con
'• vincing herself that she had not been
even honorably treated that the lady do
termineil to punish them all by demand
ing $50,000 of their father.
Miss Jane Hodge Is a very entertaining
talker and a very bright woman. Enough
suggestions and hints were drawn out dur
ing the preliminary stages of the suit to
'. show that when put on the witness stand,
where the attorneys are entirely unfet
: tered, her narrative will be more than
1 usually interesting, and possibly some
things" will be told that will indicate that
lovemaking on the part of old folks is
not radically different from the sain? ex
perience when indulged in by younger
generations.
A MYSTERIOUS
HORSELESS CARRIAGE
A Magnificent Six-Seated Affair Be
ing Built With Secrecy for
Charley Fair.
A horseless carriage that will aptonish
the traveling public Is now in course of
construction in this city. It will be a
magnificent six-seated affair and no ex
pense is being spared to make it the
fastest and finest thing of its kind ever
built in America. Tho carriage was to
have been ready for its trial trip from
here to San Mnteo next week, but as
F<>mr> of the parts have to be made over
again it will be a week after that before
it will be seen on the streets and in the
park.
The new horseless carriage is being
built for Charles L. Fair, and George A.
Knight is taking a great interest in the
machine. Great secrecy is being main
tained over the affuir and at least four
shops ;?ru building different parts of the
machine. The Oriental Gas Engine
Works !s making the crank shaft and
igniters; the Union Machine Company is
making the hubs and wheels: the Califor
nia il;is Kr.gine Company is engaged on
other purts. while at least two other shops
are wot king on the body and fittings. The
whole machine is to be put together un
der the supervision of J. M. Ough and
George W;illenbuugh. ami when romplot
, .1 |s expected to be the fastest and finest
thing of the kind ever seen here. In It
Messrs Fair and Knight expect to make
thp run to San Mateo in an Hour.
Fire Department Changes.
At a meeting of the Fire (".>mmis=ioners
yesterday the resignation of E. T. Yea
zoll of Engine 22 was accepted and Earn
esl Wilder was appointed to Engine 0.
1" 11. Casey of Truck '"> and Thomas Ren
nilson of engine IS were each fined five
rtavs' Day for neglect of duty.
VICIOUS ST. BERNARD
ATTACKS LITTLE CHILD.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7. -Little Walter
Earl Southard, the 6-year-old son
of Mr. and Mrs. Edward South
ard, residing at 835 Franklin
street, was viciously attacked this
afternoon in front of the Reudy Hotel,
opposite the Southard residence, by a
large St. Bernard dog, and the child's
mother Is now living in constant dread
that the little one will become afflicted
with hydrophobia.
According to eye witnesses the child,
who is very fond of animals, wandered
across the street and put his little
arms about the big dog's neck. In
stantly the ferocious animal set upon
the child, imbedding its sharp teeth in
the boy's right arm. His 'screams
brought gueßts at the hotel and
neighbors to the rescue, and the owner
of the dog soon induced his vicious
canine to let go and follow him. The
owner's name was not learned. He
showed but little concern and promptly
rode away on his horse.
11l lull i lil i n I n I h I i i I i M
ing Hospital, where Dr. SanbornM
dressed the ugly wound. The ftVshH
was badly torn, and for a considerableH
area about the wound the Bkln is^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^|
black and blue, and hydrophobia is feared. The child Is unusually bright
for his age and is the pet of his neighborhood.
CHANGES WILL TAKE
PLACE AT DEAF INSTITUTE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 7.
On Saturday afternoon the new board
of directors of the State Deaf and Dumb
and Blind Institute of Berkeley will make
an Informal inspection of the institution.
Next Monday the board will hold a reg
ular meeting, and more than the usual
amount of interest has been expressed
regarding the business that may be trans
acted. Among the State institutions the
Deaf and Dumb and Blind Asylum is
unique, inasmuch as the law creating it
thirty-four years ago has never been
amended and Superintendent Wilkinson,
who was its first superintendent, is still in
absolute control, never having been dis
turbed.
When the legislative committee made
the round of the State institution last
year they observed many things in con
nection with the Berkeley institute which
appeared strange in a State institution
The system of obtaining provisions Is al
together unique in Its way. No bids are
advertised for, the superintendent ac
quainting merchants in a private manner
with the needs of the institution and in
viting them to send prices. They are
opened by the superintendent, who
awards the contracts and then tells the
board what he has done. The directors
apparently have had very little to do but
ratify and approve the actions of the su
perintendent. In the section of the Code
providing for the government of the in
stitution it is stated that if the directors
permit, the superintendent can employ all
the necessary help and teachers. With
the exception of the secretary and pos
sibly the physician the directors have al
lowed the superintendent to have things
his own way.
In many instances it was discovered
that the syptr-m pursued by the superin
tendent was very commendable, inasmuch
as all his contracts for articles whose
prices fluctuated during the year were lot
!>>r very short periods, so that the insti
tute could take advantage of the market.
It is not known whether the new board
Intends to make many changes in the per-
Bonnel of the management, but it is
known that Dr. O. D. Hamlin of this city
has three votes out of the five to appoint
him physician in place of Dr. Ben Wall.
There is likely to be more than one can
didate for the secretaryship. Harrison
i May Is the incumbent, but it is understood
that thorp are two or three others anxious
for the place.
Beyond this nothing has been done
in regard to the patronage. The directors
appear to be of the opinion that Mr. Wil
kinson has run the home very efficiently
and economically, but in accordance with
the recommendations of the legislative
committee they will probably compile and
adopt by-laws governing their actions and
hlso devise a new system for conducting
the domestic portion of the management.
It is understood that the home, which
now contains 2"0 children, is fully up to
the standard of any similar institution In
the country from a scholastic point of
view. But "there is an impression that if
a new man were to succeed the present
superintendent the system of management
now in vogue would not be so economical
or efficient.
First to Recover Road Tax.
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— R. J. Montgomery
is the first to recover money paid for road
taxes in the annexed district of this city
under the lew made by the Board of Su
pervisors in July. ISP7, and subsequent to
the annexation proceedings. To-day Mont
gomery was given Judgment .is executor
of the estate of Margaret **• MeCourtney
against the county of Alameda for $inf» ~4
road taxes of 1897 paid under protest, and
$t> 75 costs.
A STRANGE DEATH.
Mystery surrounds the death of Charles
Edward Hutchlnson, a local surveyor,
who died on Nineteenth avenue near X
street yesterday afternoon. The man had
been suffering from severe headaches and
took a teaspoonful of a patent medicine
known as "'Celery Soda" and expired
about two hours afterward. -)r. Quigley,
of 1501 Waller street, who attended the
case, stated that he believed death wns
the result of narcotic poisoning. Coroner
Hill will cause an autopsy to be performed
on the body this morning.
Hutchlnson was employed as a foreman
for the City Street Improvement Com
pany. He was sitting in a temporary
structure on Nineteenth avenue about
noon yesterday when he called one of his
men, George Sanders, and stated that he
had just taken a dose of the Celery 9oda
for headnche and was 111. He rapidly be
came worse find at 1 o'clock Dr. Quigley
was called. Upon the arrival of the physi
cian the man was unconscious and all ef
forts to save his life were of no avail. He
died at 2:30 p. m.. or about two hours after
his first complaint of Illness.
Deceased was well known in this city
and leaves a widow and son.bothof whom
are spending the summer at Green Braes.
He was about 35 years of age.
Cause of Mrs. Grace's Death.
The Coroner's jury yesterday rendered
a verdict to the effect that the death of
Mrs. Sadie C. Grace, who died under sus
picious circumstances at 179 Stevenson
street, was the result of an operation per
formed by some person or persons un
known.
■ ♦ ■
BANK TELLER ACCUSED
OF EMBEZZLEMENT
OMAHA, Sept. 7.— Ned Copeland, for
years receiving teller of the Nebraska
National Bank, Is accused of the embez
zlement of $10,000 on August 2, at which
time he left for Adrian, lowa, where his
relatives reside.
The theft was not discovered for nearly
a month after Copeland's departure, sus
picion arising only when he did not return
'at tfc-i expiration of his vacation. De
tectives are on his trail. Last week he
was in Washington.
MRS. BLANCHARD DIVORCED.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 7.— Marlon
Tucker Blanchard, the last Queen of the
Fiesta here, was granted a divorce from
Frederick Blanchard this morning. She
was formerly a society woman of Boston.
The grounds were failure to provide.
Walker Brothers at Odds.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 7.— This. afternoon
twa sons of the late John "Walker, a well
' known and wealthy pioneer, filed sepa
i rate petitions for letters <>f administra
! tlon on their father's estate. Last Tues
day Judge Dougherty revoked the letters
of administration held by J. M. Walker,
he having failed to file the additional
; bond required. The present petitioners
I are J. L. and W. Y. Walker, each of
whom will contest the other's right to be
come administrator.
OAKLAND CAN HAVE A
FINE FREE LIBRARY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 7.
From Sklbo Castle, Scotland, comes
the information that Oakland can have a
beautiful free library building if she will
undertake to provide a place upon which
to build it, and to guarantee that she will
spend the modest sum of $4000 a year In
maintaining it.
A few weeks ago Henry A. Chittenden
a member of the Oakland Tribune staff,
wrote to Andrew Carnegie telling him of
the great need of a library building in
this city. To-day the following reply was
received:
"If Oakland would do as other cities
have done, 1. c., provide a site and agree
to maintain the library at a cost of say
|4000 per year. It would give me pleasure
to give the necessary $50,000 to build it;
bm 1 must be sure that the community is
obliged to maintain it as above. No use
building libraries unless we are sure of
their future."
For many years Oakland has needed a
library building. The city now has a
really valuable library housed in a very
unsafe wooden building near the City
Hall. It has long been a standing joke
that the only thing that has saved the
library building from destruction is the
fact that it adjoins a fire engine station.
In the messages of Mayors for many
years back reference has been made to
the old shack, and a hope has been ex
pressed that sorrething might be done to
Improve matters. The hope has always
ended in disappointment, and although
the lioard of Library Trustees expends
many times the amount named for main
tenance by Mr. Carnegie, nothing has
been done toward providing a more solid
building.
This opportunity to have a $50,000 build-
Ing merely for tlie obtaining of a site, is
one that will undoubtedly commend itself
to the citizens, for the library Is ready to
move into it, and under the law governing
such matters Oakland has permanently
decided to maintain a free public library.
and for its maintenance a regular amount
must be put In each year's tax levy.
"I have not had an opportunity yet to
examine into this matter," said the
Mayor, "but if it is as good as it appears
tn be. it is something that the city should
at once take advantage of. Really, within
a week we should be able to notify Mr.
Carnegie that the site is ready and he
can send his check to the Free Library
Trustees."
COACH COCHRAN NOW ON
HIS WAY TO BERKELEY
BERKELEY, Sept. 7.— Late this even
ing a telegram was received from Silver
<'ity, N(W Mexico, stating that Coach
Garret Cochran had left there this after
noon and would arrive In Berkeley next
Monday, September 11.
The telegram came to Football Manager
Irwin J. Muma. As the big coach was
not expected till the 15th of this month,
the news of his intended early arrival is
received with much satisfaction by the
students. There is likely to be something
unique in the line of college demonstra
tion as Boon as the gridiron veteran
reaches the university town. Prepara
tions for the evr-nt are now in progrrss.
and it will be of such a character as to
start the season going with an outburst
of enthusiasm far above anything which
hns b^en seen here before.
Cochran is expected to turn out upon
the football field the evening after his ar
rival. With the assistance of Kelly of
Princeton, who accompanies him, he
will start in immediately with the Varsity
team, which is to meet Stanford at the
next Thanksgiving game. The freshman
team will receive some share of attention
at the beginning, as their match with the
cardinal freshmen is scheduled as one of
the first games of the season. The college
men expect to organize a rooters' olu!>
similar to that of last year to lead In the
yelling and cheering.
DEAD BODY FOUND
HANGING FROM A TREE
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— The dead body of
an unknown man, apparently that of a
person aged 40 years and weighing about
170 pounds, was, found dangling by a
i thick rope from the branch of a tree near
I San Pablo this morning. The deceased
had first divested himself, of his black
diagonal coat and vest and white shirt.
The latter be had tied to a higher branch,
and its wavings in the breeze had ar
rested the attention of passers-by, who
discovered the remains. The corpse does
not appear to be that of a laborer, but
one well groomed and that had been in
fair circumstances. His dark hair and
mustache are streaked with gray and the
eyes are brown. The remains are await
ing Identification at the Morgue in Mar
tinez.
The Bauerle Estate Contest.
OAKLANI'. Sept. 7 -A. 11. Uauorle
filed a demurrer to-day to the complaint
in the suit brought by Public Ailmini.^
trator B. C. Ha-.vty whereby the latltr
seeks to recover to the estate of Louise
Bauerle, deceased, valuable property al
leged to have been secured by the iirst
named through fraud, undue influence and
threats. Defendant demurs that the com
plaint does not allege facts sufficient to
constitute a cause of action and that sev
eral causes have been improperly joined.
Bauerle was appointed guardian ad lltem
of his 6-year-old son, Henry A, Bauerle,
■vrho is also named as a defendant and
who has been served with summons.
The Felis Divorce Case Still on.
OAKLAND, S»pt. 7.— The divorce suit
and litigation over the property rights
of Refugio Bernal Felis and Jose Felis
might have been determined to-day in
Judge Ellswo th's court, but objections
made by Carl Wood, attorney for the
plaintiff wife, to two depositions sub
mitted by Attorney T ~). M. Connor for de
fendant resulted in continuing the case
until September 13, in order that the wit
nesses whose depositions were ruled out
might be produced in court. The trial
has occupied the past three days. The
parties reside near Livermore.
■ ♦ ■ _
Want Santa Fe and Improvements.
OAKLAND. Sept. ".—At the meeting of
the North Oakland Improvement Club
last night considerable discussion was had
on the question of filling in and improving
the marshes. The consensus of opinion
was in favor of an appropriation of $35,000
for filling in the marsh lands, though a
motion was adopted leaving the exact
amount to be asked for to the judgment of
the delegates to the Central Association.
The action of the City Council in appoint
ing a committee to take all possible steps
to bring the Santa Fe Railroad to this city
was indorsed.
HIS HYPNOTIC
POWER HOLDING
LENA RENNER
Arlington Is a Modern
Svengali.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
Broadway, Sept. 7.
Behind the gray walls and iron bars of
the Alameda County Jail there languishes
a hynotist whose powers almost rival
those attributed to the fictitious Svengall.
He is none other than Arthur Arlington,
the arch bunkoer of unsuspecting women,
whose nefarious transactions and his re
cent conviction on a charge of robbing a
woman named Mrs. M. M. Smith, who
dared to throw aside all dreads of notor
iety and prosecute him. have been full/
exploited in The Call heretofore.
His unfortunate Trilby, the heart-brok
en woman whose friendship for this hyp
notist through his past seven years'
checkered career has never once wavered
and who is now p. nniless and all but
.starving because Bhe has given her all
to this arch deceiver and gay Lothario, i 3
Lena Renner.
The story of how she met Arlington at
Lob Angeles seven years ago; how he
suddenly departed with another woman,
going to San Francisco; and how l.< :■ t,
rtenner afterward also moved to Ban
Francisco, where Arlington soon hunted,
her up, were told by this unfortunate
woman in last Tuesday's > all. In an in
terview at that time Lena Benner said
that she was no longer deceived; sh«
had realized her awful misplaced
dence in this ex-convict and sh« stated
that she Intended leaving her h^me on
Larkin street, San Francisco, to return to
her relatives In New i'ork.
But a letter received by her from Ar
lington has changed all plans and the
fact of the powerful hypnotic influence
exercised over her by this modern Sven
gall was disclosed to-day through a
visit paid Arlington by a stranger from
San Francisco, who did not make Known
his name, but who announced that lie
wished to hold council with the prisoner
on extremely important business.
"1 came over here," said tnia stranger
afterward, "to try and induce this mar.
Arlington to let go his hold, whati ver It
be on this woman, Lena rtenner.
had made up her mind to return to her
folks In New York, and a first class ticket
had already been purchased fur her; but
she has since received a letter from Ar
lington wherein he professes his inno
cence and imploring her not to desert him.
now: that he would soon be free again.
'1 he 'power he exercises over her is mar
velous. It is hypnotism and and nothing
less.
"1 implored Arlington to sit down and
write to Lena Renner a letter advising her
to return to her old home and friends In
New York, but he stolidly refused, and
I've given it up as a bad job. 1 do not
know what to do."
It was afterward learned that Lena
Rc-nner's true name is Goodman, and her
relatives back in New York are wealthy
and prosperous business people, and that
the stranger who called on Arlington to
day Is their Pacific Coast representative.
It "appears that for years the Goodmans
had lost all trace of Lena, and only re
cently, while the Arions were out here m
their jubilations, was she recognized by
tine of their number, when her people
were promptly notified. A check was for
warded to the Goodmans' agent here and
a ticket purchased for Lena Goodman's
return Now Arlington is all that holds
her, and she refuses to believe him a cruel
heart-breaker. How Arlington has man
aged to get a letter to her is beyond the
ken of the jailers, for they have stead
fastly refused to allow the arch bunkoer
to send letters through the regular chan
nels and Lena has. moreover, been denied
the privilege of visiting the hypnotist in
the t'nunty Jail.
"If Mr. Arlington had told me I should
return to my folks I would gladly go." Is
all the satisfaction the agent ran get from
her since she- changed her mind, and this
the hypnotist refuses to advise her.
In a few days Arlington will appear in
court for sentence. Less than ten years
he cannot get in view of prior convictions,
and the law allows life sentence to be im
pos >d 'n his case.
NEVER MARRY TWICE
SAYS BIGAMIST WOLF
OAKLAND, Sept. 7.— Charles Wolf, the
alleged bigamist, who has been meditating
over his defense in the County Jail await
ing his trial in the Superior Court, h;:s
without solicitation admitted his guilt in
black and white in a communication
wherein he tells of his readiness now to
talk fur publication. Following is an ex
cerpt from his manuscript:
Now If the people really knew my condition
they would do as I did 'but not to marry the
second one and get b Iked the eecond lime).
The reason that I married her was through a
tei'der heiirt. but it got me where 1 am to
day. She told me that ehe was maltreated, by
her first husband, and I told her of my ex
perience in the East. V.'c were married and
•.-.-pre getting; along very nicely until some one
came between us, and then she left me. • • •
Now I know I have done wrong and regret it
with all my heart,- for I must stand the con
sequences of my wrongdoing. • • • Now
these two women have been my downfall thus
far, but I'm hoping I shall build myself up
Benin with the help of my Savior.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailad
on Application.
r'Fi.rivi
LD Fin/iEV Manufacturer of netting and
■I- IJEUCIV i.ace Leather. 103-107 Mis-
sion st., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 5C2.
ROOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPAN V
342 to 130 Geary Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
' > COAL. COKR AND P!Q IRON.
F f WII SON £C 11 m Battery Street.
J L- TtILjUH \X VW-» Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. 11. BLYTII. Mgr.
CW CMITH Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
•TT • Jill 1 1 11 • and Ship Work a Specialty, 18
and IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAC RAVEC X- C(\ Shipping Butchers, 104
j\y DUICJUWU') Clay, Til. Main 1204.
FURS.
JV I OFSTAD ' 4 Kearny Bt upstairs. Latest
J. 11. LUTJI All, styl«s, lowest prices, remodeling.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, f%£. £ ££&
Ft. Cas.ngs of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1305.
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER co.
TT ILLAITICI 1 C 722 Montgomery street.
PRINTING
E- C HUGHES* . Ell Sansome St.. S. F.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO > b^h F)^ 0o 8 k t :
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T iS ph ' c PARTRIDGE ** Sffff 1 "*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, J£, nb &aS
DI\MONI) COAL MIXING CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, Is the Best Coal In the
Market. Office and Yards — >30 Main street.
/^"X Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A-vcpJSS <525 KEAItSY ST. Established
IWP^tffl In 1854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KKAKW SiT. Established
in IBS# for thetreHtment of Private
Diseßses, Lost Manhood. Debility or
ft^ffl^S&iSS disease wearing on body and mind
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheu
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
»?sfiS2S)!ai2S *'ure«(ru»r«nl^f«l. Call orwrlte.
Or. 4 , k'. UiBUOX, Box 1U57, Saa i'raacisca
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE or the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 1! o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES- 1,27 Montgomery street,
•orner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o clock.
OS? McAllister Etreet; open until 9:30 o clock.
" 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3941 Mission ftreet; open until 10 ° clock
KM Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
Until o'clock. street: open until ? o;«|°<*
1M Eleventh rtreet; open until ? o ciocb.
1096 Valencia street open until 9 o clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky utreets: "pen until 9 o'clock.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
Zt i o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing
director* for the ensuing year and the trans-
ition of such other business «, may come
before the meeting. S. [. CHEDA. Bee.
VAfil'IHE .v GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
rulre Tn-C*ngt"«t.an) and James L Galla-
tt-r (ex-City and County Attorney) have ,
moved their law offices to the Parrot t build- ,
Ing. c 2 r,-FM Marl sl__ tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: divorce law « specialty; private; i
no fee without success; collections. G. . W. ,
HOWE, atty at Inw. SSQ Market, cor. Stocktn.
CX.ARAIXFOLT3 attorney at law. Crocker
bltlg.: te_ ri'sck 71; S practices jln i all 1 courts.'
I, b CLARK, Emma Ppreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
a R. PARKER "fil« Market Ft-, room 67; advice
'free; charge low: business pushed.
-. AG & NAGLE. Attorneys-at-Law. Emma
Spreok^ls buildlns. 927 Market st.
_,l>VirF«'ree- no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ""• Market St.. QPP- M "' "
ACCOUNTANTS.
_" X BALTA^DT^rCaTTt!. designs audits & :
■ iHu?tF n.-coiint* tor roi T ,nr.i'|r,r.s ,t flrm»M^_ 1
BOARD AND ROOMS. j
BOTEL FAlRMolsNT^ttiEt__J^^taMrMl_ i
Market St.. 6. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished^rooms. single ,
cr en suite; board and room. $1 '"' r .:^n« ;
tuitee without board, $1 per day; single rooms. ,
5Cc; Fpecial rates by montl to tourists. ,
JKIITVALE; pri vTboTrd : extensive grounds i
Incl. orchard; Hopkins Hous-e. Hopkins and
rrultvr>)e ay.: cars _V»»'j_ _ Diamond P. O.
RRELL. 60.",. cor. Leavenworth Large ;
elegant sunny suites, with excellent board
beauti ful grounds; t reasonable; } references. ■
■ OEART.^BM— TheILon-worth; elegantly fur- ;
; nlshed front suite, single rooms, excellent
ird. .
EDDY Nicely furnished rooms and board;
private; gas; bath: running water: hot, cold.
GEARY, 95S— Hnndsome suite and bath; front i
garden; separate entrance.
HOTEL ii. M' ■•;'. 728 Sutter— Handsomely |
furnished sunr.y suites, with private bath.
MISSION 1261 A —Room and board in private ;
family; new house; modern conveniences.
OTAKKKLL T4L I—Clean,1 — Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
TiOOM and board cheep. <*46 Howardjrt^ j
Van NESS. 944 — Elegantly furnished rooms,
with 'excellent 1-nil: reasonable.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
JlOC>M~and board in rival family for lady
and two children, aged 7 and S: convenient
to primary school; state terms. Address
box 21 2S. Call office. ______—— —
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
"WANTED— ChiId to board; pay not so much
' object as company, large sunny yard, refer-
ences given If desired. Box 2U~>. Call.
"WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 per month, 210
Lexington aye. ____»—«—
BOOKS — AND OLD.
"jgCH~OOI~ BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Bnok Co.. 7C4 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— H25O-^CORNER Faloon with 6 rooms; rent
jr,u; mercantile lurch: surrounded by whole-
talc houses and irun foundries; place clearing
above JlO'i per month; lease; a. eplendid offer.
U. G. WILKE, 906 Market st. j
a— $45OO— THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market St.; open lay and night; no
better paying place in this city; lease. R. G.
WILKJS,;* 9O6 Market sl
1600— CORNER saloon, with side entrance and
• : clv broom; runs ('>'•; choicest location; 1 block
from Phelan building. K. G. WILKE, 906
Market ft.
~_i_s2S<>o; saloon; kept by present owner 11 |
rears; few doors from Market St.; vicinity I
Baldwin Hotel; leare; a first-class paying
place- nn better offer for location or business .
In the market. H. G. WILKK. 906 Market.
'■ A— s4so; PARTNER wanted, man or lady. In j
Orct-c'lass paying home bakery, delicacy and
unc ] houte; close to Pow«ll and Ellis sts.: J
}; - [ 0 , each partner guaranteed. Particular!. |
It. G. WILKE, 90S Market St. |
•!a— $850; RESTAURANT, opp. City Hall; good j
estab place; best class of custom; fullest In-
vestigation solicited. R. G. wiLKr;, 9u6
' Market st.
"*—»■' ■ ' KANT doing a good business
on Larkin Ft.; rent low; yplendld place for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE, OOfi Market ft.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40: a good-paying store ; e»tab-
llphed years; full value In night; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
MANUFACTURING business; cash sales;
large profits. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777V4
Market St.
So— SALOON; best .bargain in the ctty on ac-
count of sickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 V. Market Ht.
tsoo— WOOD and coal yard: departure cause of
:, sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., mM Market st.
-NOTICE— Having buyers -willing to Invest in a
.. legitimate business. HEALY, 917 Market St.
RESTAURANT doing good business; full
- Investigation given, or trade for lodging-house
and pay difference. EfTEL, IOOSVi Market st.
|225— RESTAURANT iSng $20 business, seats
.O. four living rooms, roomers clear rent;
must be sold at once on account of sickness;
investigate. JONES & CO.. 865 Market st.
RESTAURANT— Great sacrifice this day. See
••. COWING & CO., 995 Market St.
■■"WILL sell restaurant or take partner; business
; ■ crowding; receipts $40 day. BECK. 935 Market.
"JIETAIL and wholcsaJe wine business on Mar-
ket St.; widely known and well advertised;
• ••'■ steadily growing bar and family trade; own-
, ','.' er completely retiring from line of business;
rare chance for active party. Communicate at
once with D. B. N., box 3203, Call office; no
agents.
OFFICE man or machinist, with $tOO to Invest,
can secure an Interest in a petroleum nupply
company owning the best crude oil burner
In the world; advertiser has had 20 years'
experience in the oil business of Pennsyl-
vania; fortune for live man. Address box
8210. Call office.
■WANTED— buy small lot furniture; no deal-
••• ' ers need answer. Box 2132. Call office.
' . FOR BALE— Fruit and oyster stand; very
• ' cheap. Inquire MoCLAIN'S, 1676 Market st.
' "WILL Invest a few thousand dollars in any
- ' \ flrst-claes paying business. Box 2430, Call.
• PARTNER In a blacksmlthing and wagon-
making business. Address box 2127, Call.
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE. 421 Bush, opp. Cal-
Ifornla Theater 4B rooms; gas and water In
even' room; price $800.
. __
MQUOR store at a transfer corner; an entab-
llihed business of many years. Box 2111, Call.
RESTAURANT; good location; cheap rent;
good chance for man and wife. 1941 Market.
, $400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
' fine location; good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business;
good location:- proprietor sick; terms reason-
" able; trial given. Addrais box 3225, Call.
FOR sale— Bakery and delicacy store. 1917
Sixteenth St., near Howard.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; 2 living-
rooms; want an offer. R05»4 Filbert St.
A BARGAIN— Grocery and bar, cheap; living
: ' rooms. J. RAHN, 219 Eleventh st.
ACROPOLIS chophouse, Sutro Heights; cheap;
going to Europe. No. 5, half block from baths.
COFFEE and tea routes mtiplled from GEO.
"W. CASWELL .<:- CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st.
: • "PRIVATE boarding house; IB rooms; all full;
■ north of Market. Box 1841. Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— paying Inside route en this
• paper. Apply Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
Ifi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
. C " CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
oTTE^deit^y^^
• business road buggy, good as new. W. £
. " SHAW, 1621 Market st. ;
• SORREL mare and bay colt cheap: for buggy.
755 Mission Ft.. In hat store.
"tS? ggsya't'.srbS^as, o^-
buggies, surreys and horses, imp yoisom sl
, k<nda of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
■ *di & sg^:i»BMßJ«W^.*-..
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet -
beating Works. 853-357 Tehama St.; tel. 3. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4D3 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at So.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 844.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet -beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTiCA™cTeanlng and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure i
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
• Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
i.LAIKVOYANTS AM) SIIKO L'ALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clalr-
vovant may be consulted on all affairs of
life While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles- restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated: recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty locates treasures and minerals; tells
rour entire life, past present and future,
while In a perfect trance; perfect action
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023*4 Market, nr. 6th. Always consult the best.
MME LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
hand or wife: fee. 250 and up; satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. 116 i Market St..
bet. "Seventh and Eighth.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
Bight; diagnoses disease: full .life readings;
ladles. 50c: gents, $1; sittings. $1 60- 126 Turk.
C STEERS medium, )i2 v Oak st.: circles
Tups, a p. m. ; Thur».. 2 p. m. ; $25c; read-
In^ _
LADIES Spiritual Aid Social to-night; farce,
social, dance. Occidental Hall. 806 Larkin at.
MI!? H UPLAND'S test circle to-night: sealed
letters read; 10c; readings dally. 34 Sixth Bt.
JOHN SLATER'S circle to-night, 8:15, 1809
Stockton, nr. Greenwich; sittings 10 to 4.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St.. r. 12.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth: 2 and
S p. m. . 14 McAllister, room 35; admission lDc.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritualist reading: 25c up. 5 7th.
MRS T .7 WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life' reader medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
YOUR future told by cards. ISc; dally, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m.; Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MRS C, J MEYER. 885 McAllister, tests daily ex-
cept Wed.Bat.;»&Bp.m.,loc&2; dally.
MMX RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hue-
band'y picture. irr ; ladles. 914 O'Farr-ell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottac?. 5. 6 rooms: corner flat, 7 rms.;
bath, gas; cheap. 1576 l.'th St., nr. Dolores.
$11— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms. 1626
Devisadero st., near Putter.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Collins st., near Geary.
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath: first-class condl-
tlon: gas: <:■ large yard. :< C 24 Nineteenth st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market Ft., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
<r chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings an.i Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the jain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
>*;irr; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c: crown?, $3 50; plates,
full set $5 : all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. STO Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up: plates, extractions free. $4 .V 1 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a m to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager. [
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4; j
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first I
prize?: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge Work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of te«th without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work: open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
j Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
firsthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.: electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
industrial course— Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
nrchttectural drawing, German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
! commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or Bend for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish telegraphy, under qualified, teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
! M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mark t.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey,assay,archl.:day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipsic: lessons, 75c. 3<!o Golden Gate aye.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 6-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F , and ME Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
'. MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
lnesH College. 305 Lnrkln St.. opp. City Hall.
1 BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
t ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Butter ;• tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; best of references. J. F. CROBETT &
CO., 816 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under-
stands all branches of cooking; city or coun-
try. MISS H. CULLJNAN. 823 Sutter st.
"WANTED— Position in photograph studio by
young lady to tone, print, develop or mount.
Address BLANCHE SMITH. 629 Jones st.,
Oakland.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day wash-
ing, ironing and cleaning; $1 per day. 4035
Twenty-sixth Bt.
YOUNG woman will take curtains to wash at
home, or flannels. Address F., Call branch
office, 800 Hayes st.
GOOD German and American cook, good baker,
wishes situation; private, place; country.
84S Third St.
GIRL wants situation to mind children or
housework. 226% Clara st.
WOMAN wants general housework by day.
Call or address 3382 Twentieth st.
ELDERLY lady ■wishes situation as cook; good
referenoes • no objection to short distance in
country.. 778 gevynta, /war ..West. Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI_, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1899.
BMPLOYk-ENT WANTED FEMALE.
A RESPECTABLE young French lady wishes
a situation as governess or chambermaid In
American family; best of references. Ad-
dress box 2431. Call.
RELIABLE young woman wants work by the
day or week; general work; understands cook-
ing; good reference. Address G. G., Branch
Call office, 300 Hayes St. ■'
LADY wishes position as housekeeper In wid-
ower's family; would assist children with
school studies and music. Address 1529 How-
ard st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to do
general housework; Is good plain cook; un-
derstands care of nick and children. Ap-
ply 35 Fifth st. room 4.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 a-
lencia st ■
""EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell at.; tel. East 426.
COACHMAN and gardener, handy man around
the place, wants position; the best, of refer-
ences. Box 2131. Call.
FIRST-CLASS China cook wishes a situation
as cook in American family. 14 Ross alley,
room 20, third floor.
A YOUNG man of 25, experienced office man
and salesman, desires position; first-class ref-
erences. Box 2244. Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class coatmaker.
Address SIMON DALALIAN. Fresno. Cal.
BAKER on cakes and bread, experienced,
wishes position. 2124 Howard st.
WINEMAKER and cellar foreman, with 15
years' experience In leading wineries of Cali-
fornia, wants like position; best references.
Address room 5, 337 East Fourth St., Los
Angeles. '■ ;
YOUNG unmarried man wishes position as
clerk or barkeeper in hotel; years of experi-
ence; best of references; city -or country.
Box 2110. Call office.
MAN and wife desire situations; man good
gardener: wife as first-class cook. Address
box 2240, Call office.
WANTED— by young man; window or
housecleaning or other work: wall paper
cleaned. HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush,
telephone East 963.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia Ft.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071^ Market St.. San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A^ROOM flat, 12? O'Farrell at, cor. Powell,
near Orpheum: $12; 3-room flat, near Third
and Mission; $3. Apply 15 Grant aye.
A SUNNY middle corner flat; modern Improve-
ments. 1000 Webster St.. cor. Golden Gate.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick—
sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELU,
10 Montgomery st. .
MINNA. 1 door from Tenth— Very fine flat; 4
rooms and bath; sunny.
NEAR City Hall; 2 upper sunny flats; 5 and 6
rooms. 25 and 27 Birch aye., off Larkin, bet.
Grove and Fulton^
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
sunny yard. 11l Fell st. -
REAR 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 2618 Mls-
Blon st.
RINGOLD, 29, bet. Sth and 9th, Folsom and
Harrison— Flat of 3 large rooms; $8.
THIRD, 417--—L atest improved flats; Ist, 8 rms.,
2 kitchens; 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
TWO line flats: new house: Richmond District:
modern Improvements; 7 and 8 rooms; 130
Beoond live : rent reasonable; $20 and $22 50.
2 CHOICE sunny flats ; 6 and 7 rooms, bath:
sanitary plumbing. 1536-1340 Fell, nr. Baker.
$10— UPPER flat 4 sunny rooms. 877 Sanchez
Ft . near Seventeenth.-
FLATS LET FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. 1445 McAllister st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 26c to EOc; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.
$300— FURNITURE and carpets, 7-room flat,
nearly new. 772 Stevenson st., near Ninth;
rent low.
4-ROOM furniture for sale; will leave city;
must be sold. 209 Seventh St., middle flat.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.; high-
est price. M. SILVERSTEIN. 1121 Market st.
2ND hand— HlgheHt cash price paid. 559 Mission.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Scandinavian cook, 2 in family, $30,
no wash; 2 waitresses, hotel, Sonoma County,
$20; 2 waitresses, hotel. Solano County, $20;
waitress for officers' mess, $25; Protestant
laundress, $30; 4 second girls. $25; 60 girls for
housework city and country. $20 to $80. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— to servants seeking work—
Wo have situations of all kinds, such as
cooks, laundresses, waitresses, second girls,
nurses and housework, for both city and
country, at wages running from $16 to $30 per
month. Our wants are too numerous to ad-
vertise. We ask you to call and see what
we have to offer. We can furnish good situa-
tions for all who want work if they know how
to do it. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
C R. HANSEN & CO.... PHONE GRANT 185
' " .. WE WANT TO-DAY
Restaurant cashier, $6; 2 head walt.ronses,
$»5 and 18 waitresses. $20, for best coun-
try hotels, many of them fare paid; 6 wait-
resses, city. $20; 6 restaurant waitresses, je
week: 2 girls to learn waiting, $5 week to be-
gin- woman for cleaning, etc., in restaurant,
easy hours, $4 60 week to begin; woman cook,
$80 ' £•>* party here; 2 cooks, $25.
.V..... . ....FAMILY ORDERS
Woman and girls for cooking and house-
work $13 to $30; second girl, $20. C. R. HAN-
SI ".N" & CO.. 104 Geary St.
EXTRA waitresses. Santa Cruz, $1 60 day
and free fare both ways. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRESS for Institution. $30; German
governess, $20. MISS CULLEN. 315 Sutter.
COOK and wash woman. $25 and $20, boarding
house, fare here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK, Oakland. $25, American fam-
ily of 2. MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter at.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress; $25; references;
MISS CULLEN. 325, Sutter St.
FRENCH second girl, $*0; German girl to take
charge of boy 8 years old and sew, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
! WANTED
| 2 waitresses for country hotel. $25 per month;
waitress for country hotel, fare advanced,
I $20 per month. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WAITRESSES registered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery St., room 12.
GIRL with references to take care of child
year and half old. Call bet. 9 a. m. and 12
noon, Friday or Saturday.lBlo Gough st.
WANTED— First-class sewers on cording and
finishing underskirts, etc. Apply H. FRIED-
LANDER, 338 Fell St.
IN refined country home near Oakland as com-
panion to lady and assist ; Protestant under
a 0; salary $10 per month. Box 2245, Call.
NEAT competent girl for general housework
and cooking; small family. Call early at
2116 California fit.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; no chil-
dren; good home. 722 Stelner st.
WANTED— Dressmaker, good fitter, by the
day. 407 Drumm st.
YOUNG girl or young man to wait at lunch
table from 12 to 1 d. m. 150 First st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on vests; call Friday.
339 Fifth st. ;
WAISTHAND wanted. 1032 Folsom st.
WANTED— Several ladles at once who desire
home employment. 472% Thirteenth, Oakland.
PANTS finishers and operators on coats; good
wages. 141 Market st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; Ger-
man or Swedish preferred; r»f. 13 Scott st.
GIRL to assist In general housework; small
family; wages $10. 623 Octavla st.
GIRL. German preferred. In family of 3: tend
baby and help In housework. 547 Turk _
MANGLE hands. Apply Electric Laundry, $37
Folsom st.
YOUNG girl, 14 to 16. as apprentice In ladles'
tailoring; paid from the start. 944 Geary st.
WANTED— Good finisher on pants. 22% Geary
st., room 33.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; steady work.
Call to-day 354 Geary st.
GOOD woman to do plain cooking in country.
$20. Apply 339 12th. ' near Harrison.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
. 176 San Joea aye. V'r,;^ •' • •-, -
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WOMEN and girls— Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD.. Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32V4 Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in" several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waists. Call at 409 A Turk St., S. F.
Mfg. Co.
LADIES wanted for dre^s-cuttlng; good posi-
tions and salaries when competent. IISSi
I— ington st.
WANTED— to work in shooting gallery;
no experience required; $8 a week. Inquire
407 Dupont st.
TAILOREBS as finisher on pants. 6H Kearny
St., room 18.
8. F. dressmaking school; practical method;
also fine dresses made to order. 104 Kearny.
SCANDINAVIAN girl, dining room and pantry;
country orphanage; $15. Address E. P., box
2112. Call office.
WANTED— girl for housework; refer-
ences required. Apply 720 Broderick St.,
from 10 to 12 a. m.
GIRL to assist In tailor shop; steady work;
also a presser. 2819 Greenwich St., near Pre-
sidio.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. _
HELP WANTED — MALE.
150 GRAPE PICKERS $1 and found
Large, strong boys and men to pick grapes,
no experience required, for Fresno County;
cheap fares •••••
2 to 3 months' work. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at.. Employment Agents.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as la-
borers, teamsters or tunnelmen, at wages of
SI 75 to $2 76 a day, can secure It from us
free of any expense to the work. C. R.
HANBEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE .....FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men, wages $1 75 to $2 75, for the Coast Rail-
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SO TEAMSTERS, $2 a day. board $4 60; 8 men
to timber a tunnel, $2 a day; 10 laborers, $1 75
a day Free Fare
For the Valley road. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Bt.
BAND sawyer $3 a day; carriage-maker, $3 a
day; timer. $15 a week, blacksmith, city. $2 75
a day; 6 young men to work in a box factory,
no experience. $1 a day: 3 winery hands, $1 25
a day and board; 4 almond pickers, $1 a day
end board; 2 section hands, $1 70; young man
to learn laundry business. $1 a day; young
Scandinavian to drive a delivery wagon, $20
and found; 2 field hands, $1 50 and found; 6
lumber pilera, $30 and found; 6 laborers to
build a railroad in the woods. $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CAMP cook, $50; cook and helper for a gang of
laborers, $75; 3 cooks, $40; kitchen hands, $6
a week and $25 a month. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, country hotel, $50: cook, small
restaurant, $65; cook, small country hotel, $10
a week; butcher, country shop, $40; helper on
cake, $30; oysterman, $S a week; kitchen
hands, $25; 2 waiters, same country hotel, $30;
barkeeper, city. $30 and found. C. K. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MAN about place, $30 and found; near city. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HARNESSMAKER, $1 23 a day and found; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & v-0., 104 Geary st.
7. WANTED
Farmer and wife, no objection to 1 child, for
first-class ranch, near city. $35 per month
and found: cook, country hotel, near city,
$35 and free fare; cook, country boarding
house • »*«
r>Tarmh*ndi and ranch teamsters for good
Steady job In Sonoma County. $26 and board;
2 men handy with ax to work about sawmill,
near city, $30 and board: sheepherder, $23;
fourth hand baker, city. $20: night cook, city,
$12 week. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st-
WANTED— Concrete finisher, man to do some
concrete work on a ranch, n.'ur city, free
fare; 2 saddle-makers, city. W. D. EWER
6 CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 cooks and wives, $55 and $50: night
cook, country, $35 and found; restaurant cook,
country. $40: bakers, bakers' helpers, boys
for bakery; waiters for restaurants and ho-
tels, $40 and $30; second cooks, third cooks,
oysterman, $35; dishwashers, porters, and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family, $50;
6 carpenters, near city, free fare; blacksmith
country shop, $55; stableman, country. $30 and
found; sheep herder, $25; 6 quartz miners,
J2 50 day, see boss here; tallyman for mill,
$30 and board; 50 laborers, mill and woods
men, for Oregon, $1 75 to $3 day: teamsters,
woodehoppers and many others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weeks; only institution teaching the tonso-
rlal art; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mahler's Barber College. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Cook who can handle short orders,
prepare dinner and bake bread for country
lunch counter. Address box 2243. Call office.
WANTED— An able bicycle repair man; must
be unmarried and furnish good references.
Address P. O. box 205, San Mate.o.
FOR pensions, any claim against U. 8.. see
SHERWOOD, room 612. Examiner building,
Pan Francisco.
; ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 Stockton Cook, $65;
| second cook, $40; 2 cooks, country, $50 and $40;
dishwasher, $30; waiter, nice country place,
$30: laundrymen. $25 to $35: laborers for fac-
tory; $26 and fd.; butler. $50; waiter, $7 week.
WANTED— A good reliable middle-aged man,
energetic and not afraid of work, for work on
a small dairy, chicken and hay ranch; one
who knows the business. Write to D. H.
HITCHCOCK. Hllo, Hawaii.
WANTED— man with $100 to take an
interest in a safe, paying business that has
been established VI years; will pay $60 to
$70 per month the year round. See party at
1032 Market st., room 4.
WANTED— First-class painters to buy lot and
pay part in work. THE MCCARTHY CO..
I 646 Market st.
WANTED immediately; 16 plumbers; bring
tools. TAYLOR, ADAMS & PRITCHARD,
12 Market st.
WANTED— good canvassers for city and
Oakland; call 1 to 4 p. m. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO.. 307 Noe st.
GOOD sober barber wanted for evenings, Sat-
urdays and Sundays. 529 Fourth st.
"™~~~~____]
BARBER wanted; steady. 108 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
556 Fourth st., and also one at 406 Third st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 604
Valencia st.
BARBER— Saturday and Sunday; wages $4. 260
Third st.
COATMAKER or general tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 gutter st.
PORTER wanted at Fearless Saloon, a Cali-
fornia st.
WANTED— Good boy to learn plumbing trade.
GRAHAM A LOVINE. 439 Fifth »t.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors. A. KAHN, 142
Geary st.
GROCERY clerk at once. .200 Francisco St.,
corner Dupont.
COATMAKER wanted at 120 Ellis st.
BEAM hands wanted. Call at 125 Clay st.
DISHWASHER wanted; $5 a week. 619 Lar-
kin st.
TAILOR wanted: good wages and steady work.
Call at once 14 Harriet st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 446 Brannan: St.
WANTED— Man to work in nursery. Call 600
Halght st.
WANTED— Man to superintend kitchen, $20
week; $100 required. C. box 2247. Call.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 111 Taylor st.
BOY wanted; about 15 years. Apply 1417 Eddy
street.
WANTED— Dishwasher at Parnell Restaurant.
628 Fourth st. .
BUSHELMAN. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Mar-
ket st. Apply at 7:80 a. m.
WANTED— A bushelman. Apply Golden Eagle
Clothing Store. 104 Kearny st.
WANTED— none but first-class.
St. Nicholas Shaving Parlor, 1632 Market st.
WANTED A boy to do general work in store.
MARKS BROS., 106 Sixth St.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, •slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and id «ts.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; . steady work;
bring tools. 2803)4 Greenwich st- Presidio. !
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READYTTr...PHONE"MAIN 584$
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
8 machinists, $3 day 2 wood turners, $2 75
harness makers coopers for winery
mill bench hand band sawyetfs
carriage painter upholsterer and clerk
Better, sawmill; timber fellers, crosscut saw-
yers, woodsmen, mlllmen, etc., $3 50, |S and
$2 50 day, $S5, $75, $65, $45 and found
sash door maker cabinet makers lathers
CARPENTERS— BLACKSMITHS
15 carpenters, S hours, free fare. 6 months'
Job, $3 day and found, 20 mileß from San
Francisco
» blacksmiths and horseshoers
'....$3 day, $50. $40 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st _
FARMS. DAIRIES, HARVEST, CHOREMEN
AND BOYS
86 men for harvest fields
$2, $150 day and found
92 farm hands, steady Jobs
$35, $30, $26 and found
12 milkers, steady Jobs $30. $25 and found
27 choremen and boys for farms shops, fac-
tories, manufacturing companies, learn trades,
etc., $30, $$26, $25, $CO. $15, $10 and found
6 stablemen and sheep herders
$40,513. : ), $30 $25 and found
MARRIED ....Gardener aod wife;
8 farmers and wives, $40 and $50 and found;
3 cooks and wives; bartender and wife
milker and wife. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
$58 60 BIG WAGES $58 60
12 two-horse teamsters, free fare, $2 25 day,
23 miles from San Francisco, steady Job.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
!!.ITS MONEY THAT GETS GOOD HELP...
24 four-horse teamsters, fare $145 $60
26 laborers, fare 50c, no experience $60
25 laborers, fare 60c, San Mateo Co $60
14 men for a manufacturing Co.. city $60
19 laborers for a quarry, no experience
$63 and found
86 laborers to shovel concrete, fare 65c
$34 and found
52 drillers' hammeremen, free fare, $3 and
$2 76 day; 9 stone and concrete masons, rub-
Me work, fare $1 60, steady, good job. $3 50
day; 9 laborers, manufacturing Co., Santa
Clara^Co., no experience, fare paid, $26 and
found; 20 laborers In San Francisco, $2, $1 75
day and $30 and found; 19 teamsters In San
Francisco $40. $30, $26 and found
26 laborers, inside work, free fare $60
6 laborers, Marln Co., board yourselves.. s6o.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE REMEMBER
To all railroads but one, from the peaks of
Shasta Mountain to the Bay of Santa Bar-
bara, from San Francisco on the west to Ne-
vada State on the east. DRILLERS, HAM-
'MERSMKN. LIBORKRS, STONE and CON-
CRETE MASONS. TEAMSTERS. SECTION
HELP, ETC.; wages from $3 50 a day; board
and lodging, $4 50 a week. (The one railroad
we don't ship Ib Coast Railroad.) MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st. WE SHIP YOU
FREE.
FRUIT and grape pickers, $30 and found; hop
pickers
CUT BEET TOPS
Men and boys, women and children and fam-
ilies; 559 wanted, $30 per month and found,
fare from $1. Office fee $1. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
7.WE PA"? YOUR FARES
TO 43 SAWMILLS AND WOODS IN CALI-
FORNIA; 236 nun wanted (no experience re-
quired): YOU WILL SUIT; COME AND
SEE; $26 to $40 per month and found; steady
jobs
...WE PAY MURRAY & READY.
YOUR FARES 684-636 Clay st.
TO THE MINES CROWDS GOING DAILY
18 miners, fare. $2 50 $60
26 laborers (no experience), fare $1 28 $60
86 laborers (no experience), fare $2 60, $40 and
found •
25 laborers (no experience $48 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.^
BOY wanted foTofflce of MURRAY &, READY,
634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISH WASHERS
39 cook« ...$5O $45, $40, 135, $30, $23 and found
36 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
57 dishwashers... '...s3o, $25. $20, $15 and found
19 porters, bell and elevator boys
$30. $25. $20, $15 and found
4 cooks and wives or men together
$40 and $r.O and found
Pantrymen, Janitors, second, third and fourth
rook*; above places are in hotels, boarding-
h.'.i^es mines, camps, ranches, saloons, res-
taurants, institutions, cafes, etc. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS LAUNDRY
3 first 7 second. 5 third. 3 fourth hands and
boys to learn bakery trades, $40, $35, $30, $25,
$20. $15 and found
9 laundrymen $35, $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-686 Clay St.
TO Tailorß— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance,
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Mar-
ket .st.
PORTER wanted. Apply CHAS. LYONS, 721
Market st. ; Steveneon-st. entrance at 9 a. m.
DISHWASHER wanted at 607 Kearny St.;
call at 7 a. m.
DISHWASHER wanted. 11S9 Oak st.
WHITEWASHERS wanted. Apply to WM.
j CHEESEMAN, top floor, 18 Fremont st.
I DISHWASHER and elevator boy. 29 Stockton
Btl -t.
i PARTNER wanted by a good banjo and guitar
player. Box 2114.^CalK
HIGHEST price paid for cast-oft shoes, cloth-
ing and tools. S. BERKOWITZ, 534 Pacific.
WANTED — Concrete men and laborers to work
on California Powder Works reservoir at
Pinole, Cal.: laborers' wages $2 per day;
board $4 50 per week; no discount; cash paid
on all time checks. Apply to E. M. CARR.
Pinole, Cal.
FOR SALE— Fine 4-chalr barber shop; fitted in
latest furniture; owner retiring from business;
cheap. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
i FOUR good hustlers; good salary to right par-
; ties. 200 Post St.
WANTED— Blacksmith, by A, T. BECRAFT,
Twenty-third and Bartlett sts.
INDUSTRIAL Insurance agents. R. RALPH.
611 Montgomery st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
GOOIT tailor; steady work. At 428 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
' SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaila.i Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent. 604-50€ Davis st.
JEWELERS— 32B Bush st., room 4, third floor
WANTED— Two good men. Apply at 21 Post
St., from 7:30 a. m. to 8:30 a. m.
BARBERS— Paying shop for sale; cheap rent;
part cash. 203 Montgomery aye.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 60 up; sole-
Ing, 20c to 35c; heeling, 16c up. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road^
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night: 11 to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. _____
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138H Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 16c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read, rm.
BlNt^if rooms. 15c, 20c. 26c ' r night; 76c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863V4 Market st.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market *t.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
B*RBERS' Progressive Union; free employ -
m't. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 181.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 26c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages; sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage pnld.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — F«r Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hors« Market,
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOLSTEIN cow and calf for sale. Apply Four-
teenth aye. and R. st.. South San Francisco.
FANCY carriag-e. saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, Veterinary Dentist, 606 Golden Qate ay.
A WF.EK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yar.
HOISES LODGING FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
HEADQUARTERS FOR
ROOMING-HOUSES, HOTELS,
BOARDING-HOUSES.
FLATS, PRIVATE HOMES.
SEE LIST IN OFFICE.
48 rooms on Market St.; rent $75 $1,800
48-room hotel in Oakland 2,600
80- room houso: clears $300 2,800
20 rooms on Eddy st.; must sell 600
26 rooms; corner; apartment house 1,600
11-room housp; one floor 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2,200
60 rooms: elegant corner; clears $500 8,750
7-room flat; $150; 8-room flat 360
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 6,600
36 rooms on Market st. ; clears $200 1,450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
$325— LODGING-HOUSE ; 16 rooms; always flU-
cd; rent $46. Call 129 Third St.
HOUSES LOLMiINU FUtl SALK, v
jjj-j-,--.-.-.". -"-|"..'| i -■■■■l ■■'■■■- ' i-r '■
SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
$300— BARGAIN 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $50 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$140 22 ROOMS; good location; all rented; rents
$30 per month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
HOUSES TO LET.
GEARY, 639, rear— Sunny: all renovated; 4
rooms and bath; $12 with water.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. • __
HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye.. near Turk and Buchanan sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
_ HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis- fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week. .
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Canary bird Wednesday. Return to
1826 Vallejo St., and receive reward.
PURSE has been returned. ALMA KEITH.
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and berb sanitarium, 764-796 Clay St., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 8000 varieties bein« used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 1
and 7 to t p. m. _____^__________
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1123 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' physician. 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin :
MRS. DR. DAVIEB, ladies' physician. 1228
Market St., between Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladles" practical physician for
37 years. 818 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladles' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove: 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 MasoD st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS^ counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
ENGLISH Jockey saddle, good as new, $7; Al
rep. shotgun, 12 ga., cost $120, for $«; 500
loaded shells, $1 per 100; 1 Colt's rep. rifle,
22 ga., $10. Ohio Dental Parlors, 850 Market.
GENUINE C. F. Martin (New York) guitar
for $22: guaranteed or your money back.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. ■
CHOICE canaries for sale; fine singers. 722
Hayes st.
GASOLINE engines, all purpose*; latest de-
signs; new and second hand; carriage en-
gines. Dynamic Engine Co., 1309 Mission st.,
near Ninth.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St.. S. F..Cal.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
ST. BERNARD dog, 14 months old; $25. Apply
797 Mission *t.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and i
24 in. gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine; 15 H. P.; complete and j
first-class shape. WHITE, 516 Mission St.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suits. $10. MISFIT I
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st. j
SECOND-HAND billiard table: in good order; ]
complete. 835 Folsom St.. WM. BATEMAN.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks c changed. |
repaired: furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand: also wine 1
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st. !
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— double circular portable sawmill
and 25 H. P. engine and boiler. Address j
Postofflce box 40, Quincy, Plumas Co., Cal.
WANTED to buy— A hprse and light wagon; j
cheap for cash. Call at room 49, 1206 Market.
OLD gold, Void dust, platinum and sliver
bought. H. Landecker & Co., 118 Montgomery.
WANTED — To hire. 100 first-claes »craper\eams I
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhur>t. ■
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, wltl^ut re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call (S-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
AT reduced rates on estates In probate, rents,
chattel mortgages, real. estate, country prop-
erty. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., ISO Powell st.
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes ■
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
a"wEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
~~ MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— S4OOO; 5 years; gilt-edge security;
Interest paid quarterly. Inqufre 635 Sutter st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling 'good upright pianos for $<
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the ,
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy ,
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Btetnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter ■
•ts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and I
Broadway. Oakland. . !
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larrest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
end prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. \
W. G. BADGER. 41i Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett * Davis pianos.
GOOD piano In storage on sale cheap Tor cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market St.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER & SON. the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS', 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Bt»»lnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A— sB6 UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Btelr.way upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 218 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up:
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Kills.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 808
Post st. ; .
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans^
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O' Fan-ell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MVLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for M per year. -
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPREcicELB building. 927 Market st,—
- Desirable offices. 112 60 to $20, - ... I
I'AL.niSTIU,
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— By lady alone, partner with capital
for lodging-house. Box 2129, Call office.
PERSONALS. ~~
WANTED— To know the whereabouts of MISS
MARY (OR BESSIE) McMAHON, who came
to San Francisco In 18S7 or 1888. Any in-
formation will be gladly received by their
brother, EDWARD • McMAHON. Address
845 Fremont st. *
THE halrdressing parlors of G. LEDERER,
the popular hairdresser, will be open all day
Saturday, September 9. 123 Stockton at.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton st.
SCRAPPLE— WiII pell receipt and instruct pur-
chaser in making the celebrated Philadelphia
Scrapple. Address Scrapple, 643 Geary st.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, makes faces
beautiful ; 50c. Mrs. Butler, r. 350, Phelan bldg.
LEDERER'S artistic hair dressers will show
you the new imported styles,, 25c; Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo Is the best yet; nothing so
good; 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
HOTEL Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, First-
class fa. illy and commercial hotel. This
hotel is located on corner of Locust and Vina
sts., 1 block from Court House; rates $1 to $3
per day; special rate to families.
MARY— got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything In that
line on easy payments: open evenings.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
RUPTURE, piles cured: examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. /838 Market st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., Laws a Specialty
Ban Francisco, Cal, American and Foreign
Bend for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wl '»sale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
GOOD tai.or-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER, 329 Kearny st.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln,sl4 Pine, ab.Krny.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Mar"* St., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED — Old gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages in wrapper, for mailing. I per year
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER, free treatment daily. 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St., room 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Chicken ranch; cheap for cash.
Address box 2246, Call office.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
A~FEW~CHARMERS.
In the Examiner building.
$175,000— Market St.: 7 years' lease; rents $10,-
-000 per annum net; grand improvements.
$145,000 — stone, brick and iron build-
ing; rents $10,000 per annum; guaranteed lease;
8 years' lease.
$110,000 6-story new pressed brick; 5 years'
guaranteed lease ; rents $7000. "
$52,000— 4-story brick: vicinity of Tlvoll; pays
5 per cent net; always rented.
$25,000— Investment block from Stockton
and Market; lot 33x137; old Improvements; pays
6 per cent net.
$25,000— O'Farrell st. ; a big snap: lot 52x137:6;
with good improvements of stores, etc. rents
almost $200 a month; not far from Mason st. ;
must sell.
$12,500— A grand bargain; only half block
from Taylor and Market sts.; rents $100 "a
month; lot 50 feet front.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market St.
FORECLOSURE— 2 cottages; Twenty-fifth st. ;
good rental; lot 25x114; bath; -cheap; make
offer. Inquire 28 Clipper Ft.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
BCN. Builder.
$32— WEBSTER. S2l. corner McAllister— sunny
corner rooms and I baths; a bargain. SHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 220 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,"
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them.
call on W. J. QUNN. 410 Montgomery at.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sal©
MENLO PARK— acres up; $110 to $160 per
acre; large oaks; water; rich soil; Vi cash;
bank sale. W. G. GRIFFITH, room 311,
Hearst building.
$20,000— VINEYARD; close to Napa City; 90
acres with winery and all improvements; this
would make one of the best resorts in Cali-
fornia. Mclaughlin & CO.. 7:74 Market.
$300—165 acres, Sonoma County; small house;
plenty wood and water. Apply 125 Fifth st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A~BRANCH~offIce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EDDY, Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rms.; splendid location; private res.
ELLIS, 806 near Van Ness aye.— Nice sunny
furnished basement; large yard, gas stove,
etc.; references.
GEARY, 1917 — 4 nice unfurnished rooms; bath;
toilet; gas; yard; basement: furnished hall.
GIRARD House. 191 Seventh— l large sunny un-
furnished room; furnished suites.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., Sunny corner suite
with kitchen; also two connecting rooms.
HOWARD, 646— Nice housekeeping rooms, very
convenient; also single, $4 up.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— large sun-
ny rooms, l*t floor; also housekeeping rms.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— Light, clean.
sunny; fur, hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MINNA. 28— Housekeeping and single rooms;
$1 75 per week.
MISSION, 1729^4—2 or 3 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; private family; bath; laundry;
$8 and $12. __
O'FARRELL, 128, corner Powell— Nice front
room, $5. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
PIERCE, 915. near McAllister— Two nicely fur-
nished parlors and front suite for light house-
keeping; piano, bath, telephone; private.
SHIPLEY, 259 4 rooms, $6: Natoma, 60, I
rooms, $5, for hkpg.; no dogs, no children.
SIXTH, 405— Suite of housekeeping rooms, with
gas and bath: $12 per month.
SUTTER, 3111, nr. Larkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
THE Piedmont— Sixth— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping: also other rooms.
THIRD, Housekeeping rooms; also single.
rooms, $1 up.
THIRD, 340— Two rooms, complete for house-
keeping; rent $5 per month.
TWELFTH, 40— Nicely furnished front room,
with use of kitchen. $6.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3278, near Valencia— 5 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
1?< pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year!
ROOMS TO — Furn. and Unfurn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor.Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service- elevator:
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at. .?■.<:•■:
AT New Grand. 246 3d— lst-class sunny rms.,
16c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth - Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
ave.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— neat
rooms, from $1 50 a week up.
EDDY, 218— Furnished rooms, single and ea
suite, also for housekeeping: bath; gas.
EDDY. 473— Neat bright sunny room; well fur-
nl»h«d_; double bodj. S5 ™^nfhROOMS TO LET Furn. and I nfiirn.
ELLIS, 618 Large room for 2 gentlemen; all
conveniences; newly furnished; $18.
FOURTH. Z22V4 (Palm House)— First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms; also single, ?1 25 up.
FULTON. 21S, cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
flat; 8 rooms; gas range, bath: also others.
I GEARY. MA Nicely furnished suite of rooms;
also single rooms from $1 up.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HVKR.
GEARY, 556— Sunny front and back parlor;
piano; phone; other rooms; light housekpg.
GRAND SOUTH] Stf. cor! Seventh and
Mission — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles" parlors; reading room; elevator.
GROVE. 2S— Two nice front sunny rooms, en
suite or single: modern conveniences, gas and
bath; rent reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 7M Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to }6 per week.
HAWTHORNE, IT2. bet. Second and Third.
near Harrison— Pleasant sunny rooms; board
optional; reasonable.
HOWARD. 715—100 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. S2i— Furnished n>oms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HYDE. 32i>— Large furnished room to let; rea-
Fonabli-. '
LEA-VEX WORTH, 405. near Ellis— Fine sunny
rooms to let.
MARKET ! •■:.: ■- The Epworth; clean and re-
spectable; prices low.
MASON. 'OS— Nice single furnished room for
gentleman.
MINNA. 2i3— Double and single "sunny rooms;
also houaeke< :
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. 5! per week: transient.
MONTGOMERY aye., 1010— Newly furnished
sunny front rooms, with bath; $5" to $10 per
nth.
NATOMA. 252. near Fourth— front unfurnish-
ed rooms; water and closet; rent $6.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market—
bay-win, rms. and single. $5 up; also hi«kpg.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms' find
offices; elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
TINE. 968 A, bet. Mason and Taylor— Sunny
room with privilege of getting own break-
_ fast. 16.
PQWELLi, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms: reasonable.
ROYAL House, lit Ellis -t - Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms.- per night. 3;>c to $1 50:
wee*. 12 to tv month. SS to 130; elevator, on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH. 2^2— Nicely furnished rooms: sun-
ny ,-.ii day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment use, 2? Eighth st..
near Market— urnished and unfurnished.
BIX";. :<l. nr. Market, Hillsdale use— Ele-
gant furnished ror.ms: elevator.; transient.
THE H»ath, 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
a: board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern: all conveniences.
THIRD, 129 Sunny furnished rooms from $1
p?r week up.
TURK, S3's. cor. Gough— Sunny alcove room,;
.handsomely furnished; choice location; over-
lo.-kiner Jefferson square.
VNION Square House. 242 Stockton— Modern
rooms: by day. reek or month: central.
SEWING MACHINES aJTO SUPPLIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. IE Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bnuerht. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng st lowest rates 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants .•<•■' 1 for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 4:? Montgomery St.. rooms '<-]■<■ tel 5520.
STORAGE and warehouses]
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
FOR RENT— Fine place for a chicken ranch;
over 7 acr»s; fine house, barn, chicken houses,
pigeon yard, large brooder house, Incubators,
garden, fln« water, etc.: only 40 miles from
the city; close to nice town; rent cheap to
good tenant. Apply to THOMAS BROWN,
Sonoma, CaJ. - a ". '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-etory houses
of 7. • and 9 rooms and bath each; first-class
neighborhood; near School and stations, street
work all complete; from $3000 to $40i'X>; only
$, : .C9 cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
In ail parts of Alameda.
$220>">— Lot 50x150; $200 cash and $20 per month:
fine, nearly new cottage: in a good neighbor-
hood: n»f\r Hich School and station.
$2500— Lot "5x115, with elegant residence of 3
rooms; in fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3500; any terms: same as rent.
$2600— Lot 40x207:6; fine, new, modern 6-room
cottage; near High School and station; $500
cash and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125: cottage of 6 rooms; street
work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x108: with a fine modern "cottage
of 5 rooms and bath: nice garden: street work
all done: near station and school; $100 cash,
balance $20 per month.
$2850— $500 cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250— $600 cash, $25 per month; less than
rent; lot 40x150: elegant new 2-story, 8 rooms
and bath; on Morton st., near Morton-st. sta-
tion; bast bargain in Alameda: elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park st., Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage. 6 rooms;
lots 50x150; easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
St., Mat-tick station, Alameda.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUXKE, 1416 Sin.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
berkeley real estate.
ToTlose as estate. "
thirty acres for sale.
Right In the heart of beautiful Berkeley,
Just fit to cut up, near the university and
railroad; fine view. Apply to JOSEPH J.
MASON, Postofflce block, Berkeley, or to
J. J. MORRIS, 6SO Market St., San Francisco.
NEW; 6 rooms, bath and pantry; hot and cold
water; folding doors: bay-window; brick
foundation; stationary tubs; city water; also
ffne well of good water: high basement: 1
block from station; school, churches, stores
ond electric care; price $1850; terms $150 cash,
balance $20 per month: take Berkeley train.
get off at Lorin station, ask for RUDOLPH
& PERKINS.
$1300 WILL boy this cozy four-room modern
cottage, bath, good well, lot 40x122:6; .Im-
provements alone worth the money; one
block to railroad station and electric cars;
close to stores, postofflce, schools and church:
street newly macadamized; high ground and
nice view; pleasant surroundings. Easy
terms will be made. H. D. IItWIN. Lorln
Station. Open Sundays.
OAKLAND ADJERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
E. E. BUNCE. 9C? Broadway— sssoo— Ten-room
modern house, elegant corner; value of im-
provements. $6000, and gift of lot. $4500; rental
$40 per month; stable; genuine bargain; fine
location, up to date, cannot be duplicated
In this city; must be sold within ten days;
$3500 can remain. -■■" '•■■ f
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture denier. Uth and Franklin. Onkland.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES. .
' STsSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP
partnership heretofore exist! between
FRANK J. KLIMM and WILLIAM F.
I.j;\ KI'FN/. under the firm name of LEV-
BRENZ & Ki.rM.M. is this day dissolved I
by mutual consent.
'Mr. FRANK J. KLIMM will continue the i
plumbing and tinning business at the old i
stand. No. 107 Sacramento st., and is au-
thorized to collect all outstanding accounts,
.'• due to the old firm end. will pay all liabili- '
ties of said former firm.
WM. F. LEVERJSNZ. .
FRANK J. KLIMM.
Signed In presence of L. MEININGER.
San Francisco. September 7, 1859.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 7 (35 cents
per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be payable at the
ofiice of the company. 327 Market St.. on and
after Monday. September ' 11. IS?9. Transfer
books will close on Tuesday, September a.
, 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to Creditors— Estate of PATRICK
KERVIN (deceased). Notice Is hereby Riven
by the undersigned. Union Trust Company of
San Francisco (a corporation), executor of
the estate of PATRICK KERVIN (deceased),
to the creditors of and all persons having
claims against the said deceased, to exhibit
them with the necessary vouchers, within ten
(10) months after the first publication of this
notice, to the said Union Trust Company,
executor, at its office. 2 Montgomery «t., the
same being its place for the transaction of
the business of th.c said estate In the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia. . •• i"
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO, executor of the estate of PATRICK
KERWIN (deceased).
Dated at Han Francisco. -"August. I"!* 1 - j
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marrtaire licenses have been Issued as follow*:
I George F. Sarmento and Louisa nierir.Rer.39-23
Peter McQuillan and Lillian D. Mulltn...t 2B-18
Donaciano Verdugo and Felipe Martinez., 3S-30
Charles Scheibel and Hattie Samuels zs-M
Albert P. Llnd and Catharine M. Slattery.S3-Z7
Joseph F. Warren and Cecelia Harman.... 42-..0
Joseph F. Trade and Carrie M. Dunn....30-3a
James M. Hums and Elsie L. Kern 30-2,
Otto Bchwara and Hedwlg Schoknecht 33-£
Charles R. Light and Emma H. Han10n... .30-26
BIRTHS— MARRIAG^— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
BRUNE— MAACK— In this city, September 6,
1899, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Fred E.
Brune and Helene M. Maack.
BARTHOLD— SCHUMACHER In this city.
September 6 1899 In the Emmanuel Evangel-
ical Church, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, Ed-
ward B Barthold and Lizzie Schumacher,
both of San Francisco.
NITBCHKE— PDEFSR— this city, September
6, 1899 by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, G.
• Adolf NlWchke and Alwine Pleper, both of
San Francisco.
SCHEIBEL— SAMUELS— In this city; Septem-
ber 7. 1899, by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of
the Peace, Charles Schelbe] and Hattie Sam-
uels, both of San Francisco. r
DIED.
Albert". Anita Morgan. Edith J.
Baker. Peter . . Murray. William
Brusoo, Josle Marx, Mrs. Catherine
Casebolt, Jonathan Ockey, George W.
Cronin. Mary Rees, Mary J.
Cunningham, Parian Reilly, Patrick
Fallon, Isabella Rotenkolber, Katha-
Freeman. Ltllie E. rina M.
Given, A. H. Selz. Cecelia
Hutchinson. Charles (Stevens, Clara F.
Jensen, Johnnie Smith. Sarah
London. Mr«. Mamie Shelley. Ellen M.
Lukschewitz. Philip Trusseau, P. C.
Martin, Henry Wagner, Elise
Woodbury, George H.
ALBERS— In Santa Rosa. September 7, 1899,
Anita, beloved daughter of D. E. and Maud
Albers. and granddaughter of Mrs. Mary
Slater of South San Francisco, aged 1 month
and 11 'lays.
BAKER— In Oakland. September 5, 1899, Peter,
beloved husband of Ellen Baker, and father
of David F.. Ltille, Ida and the late George-
Baker, a native of Canada, aged 61 years 7
months and 21 days. A member of Live Oak
Lodge No. 61, F. and A. M.. and Oakland
Lodg* No. US, I. O. O. F.
(CTFriends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this' day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the Ma-
sonic Temple, corner Twelfth and Washing-
ton streets, Oakland, under the auspices of
Live Oak Lodge No. 61. F. and A. M. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
BRVOSCO— In this city, September 5, 1889, Josie,
youngest and beloved daughter of Giuseppe
and Assunta Brusco, and sister of Mamie,
Armando, Enrico and Emelia Brusco. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 years 11 months
and ' days. . •---•■■
CTTriendß and acquaintances are tegpec'-
fully invited to attend the funeral which will
take place to-morrow (.Saturday), at 2 o'clock.
from her parents' residence, 1028 Montgomery
street. Interment M punt Calvary Cemetery.
CASEBOLT— this city, September 5, 1899,
Jonathan B. Casebolt, beloved husband of
Mahal* Casebolt. and lather of Simon M.,
William S.. Lillian M., Harry C, Inez and
Bertrand Casebolt, a native of Wayne
County. Indiana, aged C 6 years.
E7Friendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited *to attend the funeral this day
i Friday i at " o'clock, from the hall of Lin- :
coln Post No. 1. G. A. R.. B'nal Brlth Hull,
121 Eddy street. Interment National Ceme- j
tery. Please • mit flowers. j
CRONIN— the City and County Hospital,
September 8, 1899, Mary Cronin, a native of
Ireland, aged CO years.
CUNNINGHAM— In Fru'.tvale. September 7,
1599. Parian R. beloved husband of Louise
Cunningham, a native of Canada, aged 64
years 6 months and 9 days.
FALLON— In this city. September 7. IS&9. Isa-
bella, dearly beloved wife of Martin Fallon,
and mother of Thomas, James, Peter, Martin
and Ellen Fallon, a native of County Done-
gal, Ireland, aged 67 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September in. at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 2429 Folsom street, thence to St.
Peter's Church for service* at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FREEMAN— In Oakland. September 7. 1599.
Lillie E., wife of Charles W. Freeman, and .
daughter of Helen W. and the late G. H.
Littiejohn. a native of Rome, N. Y.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral services ,
to-morrow (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at 1934
Virginia street, Berkeley. Interment private. J
GIVEN— In this city. September 7, 1899, A. H.
Given, a native of New* York, aged 56 years. .
HUTCHINSON— In this city. September 7,
1599 Charles E. beloved husband of Margaret i
Ruby Hutchinson, and father of Marguerite ;
R. Hutchinson, a native of San Francisco, !
aged 83 years. ,
tCTßemalns at the parlors of the California
Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street, near i
Post. |
JENSEN— In Oakland. September 7. 1599. John- :
nic, Infant son of Andrew and Mamie Jensen, ;
a native of Oakland, aged 2 months.
LONDON— In this city, September 6, 1899. Mrs.
Mamie London, beloved daughter of James :
and the late Alice Wilson, and Bister of
James. Alice and Theresa Wilson, a native ;
of New York. agi»d 39 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of* McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where services will I
be held for the repose of her soul, commenc- j
ing- at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
LUKSCHEWIT&-In this city. September 7. I
16!'b. Philip, beloved husband of Amelia
Lukschewitz, and father of Lizzie, Lucy and
Louis Lukschewitz, a native of Russia, aged
X years.
MARTIN— In this city, September 6. 1899. i
Henry Martin, a native of Montreal, aged 61 j
years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day I
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of j
N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street.
MORGAN this city, September 7, 1899. !
Edith Jeane, beloved daughter of William !
J. and Margaret L. Morgan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 yearn and 4 months. (St. I
John. N. 8., papers please copy.) ;
(CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday, at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence !
of her parents, 12 Oak street. Interment I.
O. O. F. .Cemetery- • .._-. • ;;.
MURRAY— In this city, September 7, 1899, Wil-
liam, beloved son of Maria Murray and
cousin of Mrs. Kate McDonald and Mrs, Mary |
Jones, a native of Brooklyn, N. T., aged 42
years.
MARX— In Lorln. September 5, 1899, Mrs. Cath- j
erine Elizabeth Marx, beloved mother of Mrs. '
Anton Pinion, and grandmother of Mrs. Katie
Young. Louie. Otto and Tonic Simon and An-
tone Eckhardt. a native of Hesse-Darnmtftdt.
Germany, aged SO years 8 months and l" days.
(T^Friendß and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of Mr. Anton Simon, 1718 Alcanna ave-
nue.- near Lorin' station, Lorin. 'Interment j
Mountain View Cemetery.
OCKEY— In Stockton. Cal., September 5. 1890, i
George W. Ockey. beloved husband of Mrs.
M. A. Ockey. and .father of Harry L. Ockey
and Mrs. F. M. Martin, a native of Ohio, j
aced 50 yearß.
E7"Frlend!« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day !
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of '
J. C. O'Connor * Co., 767 Mission street. In-
ferment CypreFß Lawn Cemetery.
REEP— In this city, September 4. 1099, Mary :
Josephine, beloved daughter of Mart and Nrl-
lin Rees, and granddaughter of Henry and
the late Margaret Cornfoot, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 6 months and 18
days.
REILLY— In this city. September 7. 1899, at his
residence. 1827 Fifteenth street. Patrick
beloved husband of the late Catherine Reilly, |
and father of Joseph F.. Katie J. and the late '
Mao' Ann Rellly, a native of County Cavan, ■
Ireland, aged 70 years.
(CrNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(guccesuora to Flannagan & Gallagher).
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMQALMERS.
■ 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
' ■— KB— WgWP»WB?IIMfK— I^M
i mcAvov «fc co.,
I FUNERAL DIKECTOKB & EMBALMERS.
I 1235 Market St.. between Sth'and 9th. '
I Telephone South 247. i
M l. „.„■■ ■- >^4—^.^.-W*—, I I |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, IS9l>.
ROTENKOLBER-At her residence. 230 Clip-
per street, September 6. 1893, Katharlna
Maria, beloved wife of George Rotenkolber,
and mother of Mrs. J. V. Fella, Mrs. J. J.
Carroll and Frederick and Georgina Roten-
kolber, a native of Wuxtemberg, Germany,
aged £7 years 10 months and 22 days.
P"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at! o'clock sharp, from Duveneck"s
Hall, corner Twenty-fourth and Church
6treets. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SELZ-In this city. September 6, 1899, Cecelia,
• dearly beloved wife of George Sell, and
mother of Joseph Selz, a native of Baden,
Germany, aged 07 years 2 months and 2 days.
A member of Martha Lodge No. 241. K. and
L. of H. (Louisville. Ky., papers please copy.)
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
STEVENS— In this city, September 6, 1599,
Clara F. Stevens, beloved wife ot Joseph P.
Stevens, and niece of cd.M ,rf hm hm hmhm
Stevens, only daughter of Mrs. L. Marehand,
and niece of Miss Agnes Mclaughlin, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
Funeral this day (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 201 Grant
avenue, thence to St. Mary's Church, corner
California and Dupont streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment private.
SMITH- -In this city. September 6, 1899, Sarah,
beloved wife of <he late Captain Eben Smith,
a native of New York, aged 89 years.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday at 2 o'clock, from Emmanuel Bap-
• tist Church, Itartlett street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. .■■ . .
SHELLEY— In this city, September 7. 1539,
Ellen Maria, beloved daughter of Mrs. Kate
and the late John F. Shelley, and sister of
Ben F. a.nd Harry F. Shelley, a native of San
Francisco, aged 35 years 6 months and 2 days.
(Los Angeles papers please copy.)
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 1009 A Broadway, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRUSSEAU— In this city. September 8. 1899.
P. >'.. beloved husband of the late Catherine
Trusseiu, a native of Bordeaux, France, aged
6S years.
(r- v N"tice of funeral -hereafter.
"WAGNER— 6, 1599. at her resi-
dence, 1651 Thirteenth avenue, between Rail-
road avenue and N streets, South San Fran-
cisco. Elise, dearly beloved wife of John
Wagner, and mother of Mrs. A. M. BrutFcher,
Mrs. H C. Birbe. Mrs. H. M. C. Mangels
and Adolph, George and Louis Wagner, a na-
tive of Hessen, Germany, aged 70 years »
months and 6 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect -
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Johannes
German Evangelical Lutheran Church.
Twenty-second street, between Mission and
Howard. , Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WOODBURT— In Sydney. Australia, Septem-
ber 6. 1599, George Haines Woodbury, son of
George E. and the late Flora Haines Wood-
bury, aged 20 years 1 months and 4 days.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Annie Benson (wife of Michael), Thomas. Jo
■eph an.i Margaret Flinn to Richard Flaherty,
undivided one-third of lot on S line of McAl
lister street, 110 E of Polk, E 27:6 by S 12'); $10.
Estate of Mary Larkin Flinn (by Annte Ben
son and Jos-»j>h Fltnn, trustees) to same, un
divided one-third of same: $3000.
Michael. Marparet, Patrick and Ann Larkin
to same, undivided two-thirds of same; $10..
Edwin T Cooper to Charles Goodall, lot on
S line of Oak street. 1*5:9 E of Franklin, E 44,
I S 70, AY 22, 8 10, W 2*. N 8«; $17,000.
Dora and Evan Williams to Henry G. Dodds.
lot on B line of Jackson street. 80 W- of Bu
! Chanan. W 50:6, S 101. W 26:3. S 26:i>, E 75:9,
' N" U7:6; $10.
Miy Langham Cwlfe of Charles) to Arthur G.
■ Lang ham. lot on S line of Jackson street. 181
W of Buchanan, \V 25:3 by 8 127:6; $5000.
L. H. an.i Lizzie Sly to William Marson, lot
; on N line of Broadway, . i 7:ti W of Pierce street,
i W E0 hy N 100; $11
Laura B. Roe to J. E. .Green, lot on N line
: of Washington street. 177:6 E of Spruce, E 50
; by N 127:8%; $10
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
(executor estate of George H. Roe) to same,
samf : $8000.
; Sarah A. Wood to Isabella and William W.
Wood and Maud M. Bancroft (one-half earn).
lot on E line of Kearny street, lIS S of Pine.
S 19:fl by E "7:6; $10.
i Chris and Maria Marelia to Joseph Cuneo, lot
; on SE corner of Cnion an.i Powell streets. E
124:8%, Shi 20, S 122:1*. W 137:«, N 137:6; $581?,
Sarah A. wood to Isabella (one-half) and
1 William W. Wood (one-^iuartiT) an.i Maul M
< Bancroft (one-jjuarter), lot on N line of Geary
street. 37 « E r Hyde, E 2'n by N S7:o; $10.
! Ami!" M. Isenlyuch (Shrakkart> to Charles
Slirakkart, lot on NW line of Bryant street,
COC3 K\V of Fifth, BW 23 2 by NW J>7:«: Kift.
Charles to Rom IMl»es. same; $10.
! Herman A. Soltaien to I'eila Poltsien. lot on
' SW corner of Yolo and Indiana streets, S 25 by
W 1 - . gift.
| Zelia O. Hellnps (trustee) to Man' B. Fleiseh-
I mann <Dolan). lot on SW corner of Thirty
. Beventb avenue and L »tr<-r-t. W 3o by 8 100; $L
Dennis F. Riordan to Julia A. Hubbose, lots
17 and 1^ outside land block 1112 : $10.
j John Lally to John W. and MasF'e A. Mc-
Donald lot on N line of Lizzie street, 128:8
W of California avenue, W 26:fi. N 70, lot 2\
Cobb Tract: $10.
Therese Boch to Agrj*? B. Boch, lot 35, block
IS Lakevjew; gift.
Same to Ix.ulse H. Boch, lot 36. block IS,
! tame; Rift.
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company (a
! corporation.} to William Reichstetter, lot 32,
block IS3. ON and H Trait; $500.
Alameda County.
California Building and Loan Association to
J M and Mary M^Guire. lot on W line of
PeraUa s!reet, 64 N of Lincoln. N SO by W 105.
belßg portions of lots 3 and 4, block 713, Oak
: land; $10.
Mary E. and Charles E. Green to C. H.
Kin(? lot on N line of Eighteenth street, 550
W of Telegraph avenue, N 59:1%, W 89:8, 6
53:5, E 64:2* ito beginning, lots 25 and 26, Camp
bell Tract, Oakland; $10. -
Antonio Encelmo to Maria dos Angos Encelmo
(wife of Antonio). lot 12. block 24, North Ala
mada Tract, East Oakland; gift. .—
Leo R. and Mary V. Weil to Ernest A.
Heron, the N\V 10 feet of lot 18, block I, Linda
Vista Terrace. Map 2. Oakland: $10.
Stefano Zerga to Onorata Zerga (wife of
Stefano), lot on N line of Fifth street, 70:5
E of Myrtle. E 25 by N 81:4, block 453, Oak
land; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Seventh street,
175 \V of Filbert, W 25 by N »6, being a por
tion of lot 4, block X, Map of Market-street
Tract, Oakland; gift.'
Sara B. and Louis Rothenberg to Frederick
Wundenberg. lot on \V line of Filbert street.
100 6 of Tenth. B 7,' by W 126, being a portion
of lot 2, block J. Map of Oakland. Central
Homestead Association, warranty deed, Oak
land; $10. ■
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees) and
George F. Long to San Francisco Savings
Union, 556 d 421. lot on N line of Fortieth
street. 290 E of Market. E 50 by N 256, being
lots 37 and 18, on plat 36. Map of Estate of
John Evoy. Oakland; S6OO. ~
Anna Ahlberg to Robert Bendle, lot on NW
line of Claremont avenue, 60 NE of. Miranda
street. NE 100 by NW 160, being lots 137 and
13$, block H, Vicente- Peralta Reservation !
Tract at Temescal, Oakland: $1100; .--■.-.* ■:•
Lucy May Bendle to same, same, quitclaim
deed. Oakland; 110.
William L. and Carrie L. McPhereon to Ellas
Fritzlnper. the W half of lot 14. block E,
Peralta Heights. East Oakland: $10.
Frank Bnen to City of Oakland, lots F 733,
G 734 and B 755, on map showing lands to be
taken for opening Commerce street from East
Twelfth street to East Twenty-second, East I
Oakland; $987.
Karl H. Nickel to George W. and Clara E.
Gllmour. lot on NW line of Howe street, 632.2
NE of Moss avenue. NE 50. NW 114, SW 50.7,
SB 107 to beginning, being the SW 10 feet of
lot 20. all of lot 21 and NE 10 feet of lot 22,
block C, •Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe
Tract, Oakland; $10.
E. A. and Martha J. Halnes to Julia Baker,
lots 31 to 31. block B, Prospect Hill Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $75.
Isaac Hazlett to Nellie J. Burke,' lot 21. block i
11. Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Frank J. and Mary Frates to Manuel J. Ale
gre, lot B; block 9, town of San Leandro. Eden
Township; grant.
E. A. and Martha J. Halnes and Charles
Babb to W. H. Knight (administrator estate
of E. A. Tobrocke). lot 5. property of William
O'Neill. Mao 2, Oakland; also lots 22 to 25
block C, Gasklll Tract, Oakland; $100.
William- 11. Knight (administrator estate of
August E. T«brocke) to P. A. Sternberg, lot on
8 line of Klinkner avenue, 409:10 E of San
Pablo, E 50 by S 100, being lot 5, Man (or prop
erty) of William O'Neill, Man 2, Oakland: also
lots 21 to 25, known and designated as lot No.
21, block B. and lota 22 to 25. block C, Gasklll
Tract, Oakland: $1000.
Christina McDonald to Elizabeth A. Creamer
(wife of T.), lot on N line of Virginia street,
125 E of Le Roy avenue. E 50 by N 125, being
lot 7. block 17, Daley's Scenic Park. Berke
ley; $300. :i ■:.-.■:
. ♦ .
No Precinct Registration.
Registrar Steppacher announced yester
day that there will be no precinct regis
tration for the coming: municipal election.
All citizens who did ; not register for the
last general or primary election must reg
ister anew and those who have changed
their residences since the last primary
election are required to go to the regis
tration office to have the change properly
made. The Registrar advises prompt
compliance with these suggestions, as last
year many were deprived of their votes
by delaying registration until It was too
late.
James Thompsons' Will.
The will of James Thomson, who died
at 2liß Golden Gate avenue on August 26,
was filed for probate yesterday. The de
ceased was part owner tif the planing
mills Rt 322 Iklission street which were de
stroyed by rtre on the 31st ult. Decedent
bequeaths hie entire estate, which Is of
unknown value, to his widow, Mrs. Annie
Thomson, with .the exception of $50 which
is devised to Isaac F. and Abble Thomson,
children by a. former marriage.
SILVER WANTS
GOLD FROM THE
FAIR MANAGERS
Filipino Exhibit Is the
Bone of Contention.
CONTRACT CAUSED TROUBLE
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE AGENT
EXCEEDED INSTRUCTIONS.
A Misunderstanding About Curios
That Was Brought About by a
Mix-Up of Representa
tives.
W. B." Silver, who is known in this city
fr -m the fact that he has brought here a
\ collection of Philippine curios for exhi
bition at the Mechanics' Fair, threatens
6uit against the Mechanics' Institute. The
amount that he will sue for is not men
tioned by either Mr. Sliver or his at
tornpy, Rofco, S. Gray, but both say that
it will be many thousand dollars. The
threatened litigation has for its origin
instructions which seem to have been dif
ferently interpreted.
When it was decided that a Philippine
exhibit would increase the attractions of
the Mechanics' Fair the trustees of the
instit'U" communicated with Lieutenant
Perry Hayne of Battery A, California
Heavy Artillery concerning the exhibit.
But, before Lieutenant Hayne had con
cluded any arrangement, hostilities be
tween the Filipinos and the United States
began and Lieutenant Hayne was ordered
to proceed to the front.
He Informed Colonel Deplcke, president
I of the Mechanics" institute, of that fact
j and expressed the opinion that the hostil
' Itles would render the exhibit impossible.
Joseph M. Cummings, secretary of the
j institute, wrote then to Lieutenant Hayne
i asking him to do the best he could even
if it could not be on the lines originally
planned. Colonel E>etiieke also wrote, sub
sequently, to Lieutenant Hayne, mention-
I ing the fact that W. P. Thomas had been
I requested to call upon the officer and of
! fer his assistance. In conclusion Colonel
i Denicke wrote that if Lieutenant Hayne
I had need for such assistance as Mr.
i Thomas could offer he need not hesitate
i to avail himself of it.
Lieutenant Hayne. to make a short
story of it, turned the business over to
Mr. Thomas ot making the deal with Mr.
Silver, who had a collection of curios. Mr.
! Thomas entered into a contract with Mr.
j Silver, which contract was drawn up uy
O. F. Williams, then the United States
Consul at Manila. According to Mr.
Gray, Mr. Silvers attorney, this provided
that Silver should receive $'*> per month
from the time he left Manila until Oc
tober 7, 1899, the date of closing the fair,
or SlS*' in total; also free transportation
for himself and his goods from Manila to
San Francisco and return: also that the
I trustees of the institute should pay the
"godown," or warehouse, charges in Ma-
I nila; also that Silver and his goods should
• be brought to tire United States upon a
transport; that space was to be given in
the fair tor the exhibition of the goods;
that the institute should pay all customs
duties on the curios imported to the
United States, and provided also for Lie
sale of the curios at tlie fair, limiting the
sale to such articles as Silver had in dupli
cate, the purpose being to keep the col
lection Intact for exhibition purposes;
finally that, at the close of the fair, the
curios should be transported at the cost
of the trustees, to Cleveland, Ohio.
A trustee of the Mechanics' Institute,
speaking for the board of trustees, made
this statement last evening: "We In
structed our agent, Perry Hayne, at
Manila, to make an arrangement with
Silver to give Silver free transportation
for himself and his goods to San Fran
' Cisco. We wire to place them in the fair,
I where they would be favorably exhibited
; t.j in> sold. For this service the institute
was to receive 2i per cent of the sales.
On accouni of his military duties Lieuten
ant Hayne turned the matter over to Mr.
Thomas. When Mr. Silver finally arrived
here, we found that he had an agreement
which went far in excess of the Instruc
tions given by us— giving Silver a salary;
i obliging us to pay customs duties, and
I also to pay for transporting the goods to
Cleveland, Ohio. We cannot carry out
the terms of thai agreement for they
were not authorized.
Mr. Silver said lasH evening that- he
wuld sue the Institute to recover on the
following items: Jl'rO and also the' cost of
transporting the goods back to Manila;
the cost Of transporting the goods to
Cleveland, <>liio, which will be between
(200 and W00; the customs duties at San
Francisco, which will amount to $200 to
$300; also— and this will be the biggest
item— for loss on the expected sale of his
goods here, he claiming that the goods
have been sent back- to the unclaimed
warehouse and so cannot be sold. This
is the item that will call for thousands of
dollars.
Mr. Silver claims to have copies of the
letters sent by th<* president and secre
tary of the institute to. Lieutenant Hayne
and he relies largely on them to make his
claim good. Until late yesterday after
noon there was a good chance that the
controversy would be settled out of court.
Then the attorneys had a tlnal interview.
i at the end of which Mr. Gray announced
i that suit will be brought.
NO MORE TERM DEPOSITS.
German Savings and Loan Society
Decides to Abolish Tnem.
The German Savings and Loan Society
is Bending circulars to Its depositors j
notifying them of the adoption of an
amendment to the by-laws regarding de- j
[HisitH and dividends. Tlie amendment
provides that on and after the 31st day j
of December, 1*99. the division of the de- j
positfl into the two classes heretofore de» • j
Ignated as "ordinary" and "term" sha\'
be abolished and all deposits on hand ok j
aald day or thereafter made shall form
one class upon which a uniform rate of |
dividend shall thereafter be declared and
paid.
Deposits Fhall not be taken for any
specific term nor shall any notice In
writing or otherwise be required of de
positors before demanding reimbursement
of their deposits.
Thin step is necessitated by the low
rate of interest now exacted upon loans j
and the enormous amount of money now !
in the bank's coffers. Under the original j
by-laws It was provided that in declar- |
trig dividends at least one-fifth more
should be paid upon term deposits than j
upon ordinary deposits. In consideration !
of this preference the hoiders of term
deposits were required to give six months'
notice before demanding repayment of
any portion of their deposits. In default
of such notice sixty days' interest was i
forfeited and this was recently increased '
to ninety days.
Under the amended by-laws, which will I
come into operation after December 31, [
1899, there will be a uniform nite of div
idend applicable to all deposits alike and !
the six months' notice formerly required
from term depositors will be abrogated.
No transfer of account or change of bank
books will be nec< ssary.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
August Immigrants.
Deputy I'nitnd States Immigration Com
missioner Schr ll reports 712 arrivals of im
migrants at this port during the month of
Aueoist. of which numbpr 246 were tourists
and transients. The nationalities of the
4'jii immigrants landed here are as follows:
Japanese, 230; Filipinos, 76; English, 6«;
Scandinavians. 16; Germans, 15; Hawaii
anp 10; Scotch, 8; Irish. 6. The religions
represented were: Buddhists, 283; Protes
tants, 142: Ruman Catholics, 32; not stated.
7; Gr^ek Catholic, 1; Israelite, 1. Their
occupations were: Farm laborers a 109;
merchants, 46; tailors. 30; actors, 2<; la
borers. IS; musicians. 11; servants, IS;
seamstresses, 9; miners, 8; no occupations,
109; not stated, 34.
The Immigrants brought with them
$19,412.
FRANEY'S DEATH
DUE TO SHOCK
AND EXHAUSTION
Pugilists in the Police
Court.
TESTIMONY OF MEDICAL MEN
OPINIONS OF THE MASTER OF
CEREMONIES.
Frank McConnell's Preliminary Ex
amination on the Charge of
Manslaughter Corn^
menced.
Judge Oonlnn's court was filled yester
day with pugilists and men interested in
the manly art when Frank H. McConnell
appeared for his preliminary examination
on the charge of manslaughter in causing
the death of "Jim" Franey at Wood
ward's Pavilion on the night of August lt>.
A large number of witnesses were ex
amined, including several medical men.
but there was nothing definite brought
out to show that Franey's death was any
thing,but the result of accident.
Dr. G. J. Fitzgibbon- testified that he
attended Franey in the Receivng Hospital
and found Him in a dying condition from
compression of the brain due to cerebral
hemorrhage. Dr. John D. Kergan testi
fied to the same effect. Dr. D. D. Lustig
testified that he examined Franey at th<>
Pavilion prior to the fight and found him
In an absolutely perfect physical condi
tion.
Dr. Charles K. Jones was at the Pa
vilion and saw the fight. In the four
teenth round Franey received the knock
out blow and was rendered senseless. Ho
thought the blow was a right uppercut on
the jaw. Attorney John J. Barrett saw
the hght. Franey was fighting vigorously,
but just in a moment witness saw him
hanging helpless with his arms against
the ropes. Tht>n he received the knock
out blow. Prentice Clarkson thought
the fight was even up to the fourteenth
round, and it looked as if Franey was the
stronger of the two. He did not see the
knock-out blow struck, but saw Franey
go up against the ropes and then fall on
the floor.
"Billy"' Jordan, the master of ceremo
nies, testified that one of the articles of
agreement was" that the men were to
break away clean, but Franey objected
and wanted to fight in the clinches. Mc-
Connell had signed the articles to break
away clean, because he had given Franey
ten pounds the best in the weight. After
a wrangle they agreed to break away
clean, but Franey kept punching McCon
nell in the clinches ana McConnell was
compelled to do the snme. Where Franey
fell resin had been sprinkled on the floor,
and also water used in* bathing the man
In that corner, and a sort of crust had
formed. He thought that Franey's head
striking on this hardened crust was chiefly
the cause of his death.
C. H. Westphal and E. F. Burns testi
fied that the fight did not differ from the
amateur contests at the Olympic Club.
Sol Levinson, who made the gloves used
in the fight, testified that they were a
little heavier than the regulation weight
of five ounces. They weighed very nearly
six ounces.
Dr. Zabala, the autopsy physician, testi
fied to making the autcfpsy on Fran< y'a
body and that ho died from shock follow
ing the Injuries received. On examining
the organs he found pleurettc adhesion "i"
the lungs. He did not know of any spe
cial lesion that might be mentioned. As
to Franey's physical condition, he was
unable to describe it without his book,
and he was asked to bring it when the
case was next called. Dr. D. F. Regan,
ex-School Director, testified that he saw
Franey before his death and also att< nded
the autopsy.' He was satisfied that death
was caused by shock and exhaustion.
Policemen Taylor and Riehl cave un
important testimony and the case was
continued till Tuesday afternoon. All the
other cases were also continued till then.
PHILBROOK'S PLEA DENIED
Supreme Court Refuses to Allow Him
to Resume Practice.
The application of Horace W. Phil
brook, the disbarred attorney, to be re
instated as a practitioner of the law (n
; the State courts has been of no avail.
j Five years ago the Supreme Court de-
I cided that he was no credit to the pro
; fesfion nnd the judgment was his disbar
| mont. Last January Philbrook made ap
plication to have the judgment set aside,
■ but the matter was decided adverse to
j him then. A short time ago he again
asked to have the motion reheard, and
in support of his position made ready
with a lengthy brief, in which he assailed
court, attorneys and Individuals in very
spiteful language. This was never Hied
with the clerk of tne court, but last
Tuesday he made an ex parte motion to
be heard.
This was taken under advisement and
yesterday the court in bank handed down
| a decision in which the Justices "turned
i down" the ex-attorney for keeps. Justice
Harrison, who to a great extent was the
cause of Philbrook's disbarment, did not
j participate in the order of denial.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
Mrs M Collier. NT !J W Wyckoff, Cal
M .1 McCleary. NY \r J Cavanaffh & son,
J Feast er .Tr. Cal j Ft Brapgr
Mrs J W Miller. Cal 'M L Q Baldwin. Cal
J J Miley. Mllpv D Eisner. Suisun
G E Shelt^n & W, Cal A Anderson & w, Ca!
T B Hlrd, lowa jM H Smith, Detroit
: B P Barker, Cal C Boyer & w. Neb
j T O Hell, Nnpa J Inkwetter & w, Ha
i J A Daly Napa ' wall
; G Seard, Nap.i ]M Inksetter, Hawaii
C E Hune, Chgo H Inksetter. Hawaii
J S Phelps. Cal V Ebding & w, Hawaii
R Gude, Cal "W H Hall, Gridley
R W Mr Roberts, Cal J Morton Palo Alto
W H Hartman, Cal L Bart, S Jose
W A Serlnser. Cal H l> McCracken, Or
A B Carry. Cal X .1 Boyle, Portland
O A Ridmann. Cal J M Pflster, Cal
W E Hawkins, Cal W M Cutter & w. Cal
J R Alexander, Utah W J Harris. Vlsalia
N Block, Cal J L Beard. Cal
F G Cooks, Buffalo E D Hamm & w, Napa
H Hamblet. Portland jW Dlnsmore. Cal
J N Griftin. Astoria IF W Johnßon &w. Cal
W C Bmlth. Portland T 3 Kirk & w, -Raoto
B H Arnold, Portland M G Marsh & w, Cal
W A CoßKPshall, Or :B Decker, S Jose
F J Monroe, Seattle C C Merriam, Fresno
A H TTart. N V W C Jones & w, Cal
! W Baumnn, N V !R Diller, Chico
I T Davidson. Arizona A Kaiser, Stockton
i H G Lacey. Hanfonl Q W Pock Stockton
F Sharpless. Hanford 3 C Hall. Redlands
PALACE HOTEL.
O P Jenkins, Stanford A J Marcus, Cal
\V Foster. Boston Mrs A J Marcus. Cal
Miss Martin, Omaha Mrs E \V Perkins, &
Miss T'iwiip Omaha eh. Johnsville
F M Warner, N V W M Benedict, N V
R I Winston, rhpo F H Herefhrd, Ariz
W J Lader, Boston H C Grumble, La
Mr? W .1 Lader. Boftn Miss D Grumble, La
I J R Gilbert, Mich J P Jurnald, N V
F Clark. Alamoda IR.Kohlsaat. Ch^o
Mr* M Collier. N V Mrs C.Schmidt & son,
C A dishing. Cal ChlcaKO
Mr» C A Cushing, Cal Miss E Bane, ChKO
8 E Fletcher. Portland H E O'Neal, Sacto
H B Ives, Conn A W Pearson, S Jose
Mrs H B Ives, Conn ,Mrf? A W Pearson. Cal
Miss S B Ives. Conn R Godfrey. Oregon
Miss L M Ives. Conn CF. Green. Cal
8 D Carr, Ymkn ! F G Mnrcus, Menlo
D Piper Jr, Phila jC E Green. P Mateo
C G Griffith. Cal i Mrs C E Green, Cal
S E Fletcher. Portlnd B C Fox, Pa
H S Scott. Cal AY S Martin, Cal
Mrs H S Scott. Cal |P D Martin, Cal
N S Corwln, NY ;F R Johnson, La
J M Davis, Nev Mrs F R Johnson, La
F M Seller, Portland
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL.
J C Bands, Portland ;N Larren Sacto
W E Lachmeyer, 111 T Clark & w, Cal
F G Stevens. S Jose !H L Foy. Vallejo
J \V Jones & w, Cal L McMuity, Oakdale
W Nicholson. Cal 'B Palmer. Sonora
J Erlckson. Fresno ;J Allen, San Jose
A V Carpenter &. w, JW G Kj-rus, Salt Lake
Colo C D Newcomb, S Jose
W W Hoajr * w, Colo G M Wells, Armona
J Hajreman Aw. N V J Rodman, Baltimore
C W Seyde, Texas IT R Beall, Oregon
C D Newcomb, Cal I A C Dougherty & w,
Mrs Page, Sacto ' Ohio
G Downey, Cal A R McLeod, Ariz
H Williams. Loi Ang C A Homer. Mo
J M Gentry, Chgo J H Land, Fresno
C B Opklns, Merced J Mulroy, Modesto
J J Connolly. Fresno C Hanifln &w, Cal
H Ktrchner, Stockton J D Brennan, Vallejo
P A Madden. Cal ,C H Rosi, B Cruz
J E Door, Reno M B Smith, S Cruz
J H Zbndes, Ogden IC A Williams, Kan
FIRE COMMISSIONERS
FILE ANNUAL REPORT
IMPROVEMENTS IN DEPART
MENT IN FISCAL YEAR.
Three New Engine Houses Have Been
Erected — Insurance Covered
About One Half of the
Losses.
The Fire Commissioners yesterrjay filed
their annual report for the fiscal year end
ing June 30, 1599, with the Board of Super
visors. • Incorporated in the report is
that of the chief engineer and the fire
alarm superintendent. The following: are
the receipts: Appropriation by the Super
• visors, $©58,875; contributions by insurance
companies, $29,635 52; sale of old material
and horses, $704 30; total $699,314 82.
The total expenditures were $685,796 01,
leaving a surplus of (13.518 SI. In salaries
there • was expended $388,660 80; forage,
$38,032 68; hydrants, $30,861 4.".: repairs to
I apparatus, 129,903 96; harness and repairs,
$2747 72; repairs to houses, $26,846 98; gen
eral supplies. $24,533 95; sundries, $24,179 52:
new apparatus. $27,140 40; real estate, $17,
--000; pensions. $13,279 25; fuel, $5340 64; fur
niture, $1547 04; horses. $4160; horseshoeing,'
$7692 50; machinery. $4796 20; drill tower,
$2098 50; vacations, '$9208 15; emergency ex-;
penses, $1500; new houses, $15,243 05.
During the year there were 508 alarms,
of which 492 were first. 11 second, 4 third :
i and one fourth, which was the Baldwin
, Hotel fire. There were 320 silent alarms,
I making 828 in all.
During the year the engine-house at
i Holly Park and West avenue and chemi
j cal engine house 2 at 1348 Tenth avenue
| were constructed. The building of engine
! house 36 on Bluxome street, between
Fourth and Fifth, has also been, com
menced. / i
The apparatus now consists of 50 steam
' fire engines, 11 hook and ladder trucks, 9
chemical engines, 2 water towers. 4 moni
tor batteries, 53 hose wagons, 1 combina
tion chemical engine and hose wagon. 50
! Babcock extinguishers, 65.500 feet of hose
I and 292 horses.
There was $1,419,219 23 lost by fire. Only
$713,713 82 was paid in a total insurance of
$4.184,464 3S.
' OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
.''j H^ • Steamers leave Broadway
' Ks3^fc^ . wharf, San Francisco.
1 fi4Sk??teßk ° r Alaskan, ports, 10 a. m..
' ' l&&<£Sss«k September 3, 8, 13, 18, 23, 28,
, ! EBkiSfi^H October 3, change at Seattle.
■ 1 PjemSj \?\! or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i SmSsSrz^ieSmi C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
■ r^ a *«Ss%' ; Mi Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
: and New Whntcom (Wash.),
! 10 a. m. September 3. 8, 13, 18,
' 23 28 October 3, and every fifth day thereafter:
' i change at Seattle to this company steamers
1 I for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N.
: P. Ry • at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
1 For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2p. m., Sep-
• temborl, 6. 11. 16. 21, 26. October 1, and every
i For a Santa re Cruz,' Monterey San Simeon.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey San Simeon.
■ Cayucop Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
' I Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
, San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) • and
i I Newport. 9 a. m.. September 1, 5. 9. 13. 17. 21.
; 25. 29, October 3, and every fourth day there-
■ i * For San Diego, stopping only nt Port Har- !
' ! ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
' i Los Angeles, and Redondo M * Angeles), l }} a- j
' < m., September 3. 7. 11. IS, 19. 23. 27. October 1.
■ and every fourth day thereafter.
i ! For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San- Tos» del
• Cabo, MazaUan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
I and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
I j For further Information obtain folder.
i ' The company reserves the right to change
. ; without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
i ar<l hours of fnillne 1 .
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
■ street (Palace Hotel).
i. GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
; THE 0. R. & N. 00.
J DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
; :po:R.TX-i.A.:isriD
; From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
i CADC $12 First Clas« Including Bert*
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
' ; STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
; Sept. 5, 15, 25: Oct. 5. 15, 2'
; COLUMBIA sails.. Sept. 10. 20, 30: Oct. 10, 20, 30
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
'■ Helena and all points in the Northwest.
. Through tickets to nil points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
[ 630 Market st.
I GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
.
: AMERICAN LINE.
TOW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednfsday. 10 a. m. |
New York Sept. 131 New York Oct. 4 i
St Louis Sept. 20! St. Louis ....Oct. 11
St. Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antweru.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland.. ..Sept. 13| Friesland Oct. 4:
Kensington Sept. 20 Southwark Oct. 11
Nordland Sept. 27 Westernland Oct. 18
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Da-.vson Clrv. '
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
. 30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
toyo KEEN kaisha.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
I YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
I Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and !
> connecting nt Hongkong with steamers for ;
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day '
of salllnc.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
AMERICA MART' .'.Friday, October 6
HONGKONG MARU Wednesday, Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For ;
freight and passage apply at company's office. !
421 Market St.. cor. First.
. W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
I
®Hfl*MMf4l The S. S. Australia
G3ty&*sißESL " nll? for Honolulu
rig*""* Wednesday. Septem-
.»■ ber 20, at 2 p. m.
Q+S^T^S B. b'. BCariponsalli
r?ifninMine} vla 'Honolulu and
Cyltail!jmL» Auckland for Sydney
(QlJlßglytK Wednesday, October
v " l *' vl - " 4 at 10 p. m. . , ■
1 Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
; Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
I England, etc. $610 first class. "■•■•,:
j J. 0. SPBECKELS & BROS. CO., Acts., H4 Montgomery
! Pier 7, Foot Pacific Si Freight Otflce. 327 Market Si.
COMPAONIE OENERALE TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^cjj.
Sailing Every Saturday at 10 a. m. <TjTrr>
from Pier 42, North River, foot of 5 * 1 »*
i Morton St. LA GASCOGNE, Sept. 16; LA
i BRETAGNE. Bept. 23: LA TOURAINE. Sept. !
i 30: LA NORMANDIE, Oct. 7; LA CHAM- 1
j PAGNE, Oct. 14. First-class to Havre. MB and
] upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
' Second-class to Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduc-
I tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI Ik CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 3 Montgom-
ery aye.. San Francisco. ■-■ .- <
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello." .; '
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. lex. Thurs. night), Fri-
I days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
' p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ■..-....■:......... .; 500 j
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
IHE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND ■ PULLMAN UPHOLSTERFI)
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:30 p. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEAL 3 AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62!
. MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN IML
OAKLAND OFFICE. Hit Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, Ml J Btreet.
BAN JOSE OFFICE. 1 W. Santa Clara Btr«et.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KOtTHUIW rAUIFIC C©3IJ»AH*S
(pacific SVSTK.M.>
Train* iriifr suit! »•!••• «lno to sivrl*e at
■AS rWAWCJIMCO.
(Main Line. Foot of -Market Street.) .
leave — From August 2, 1599. — aBRIVB
7:OO\ Bcnicia, Sulsun and Sacramento. . .. 8:43f
7sOOAMaryBviUo.OroTuleaudUeddiu6Yla _„_
Woodland 5 : "P
7:00 a Elmlra, Vacavills and Itnmsey S:3op
7s3Oa Martinez, San Uaraon, Vallejo, Napa,
Cali3toca and Santa Iloso 5 : ! 3p
8:00 a A'tlautic Express, Ogrten »nd lCuat.. 9«454
DiUOa San .loso,. JLiYcmiorc, .Stockton,
love, Sacramcuto, Placervillo, ■
llnryaTllk., Ohico, lted Utuff 4tl»p
BiBoa Milton, Oakdale and Konora 4:15p
8:30 a Yo":mito Volley via Oakdale and
Chinese 4:1 dp
9:00 a Haywarde, Nilea and Way Stations. IS :•*<»*
O:OOa Martinez. Tracy. 1-itUrop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno lSilSr
SiOOa Fresno, IJakcralleld Santa ltiuli.ini.
Ijca Acgek-a, Demiug. El I'iiso,
New Orlcacs and East &\Vlr
1O:OOa Vellijo, Martinez and Way Htatious 7:43p
1 1 :OOa Kaywarus. Nilea and Wcy Stations. 8:-S3p
12i00m< Miles, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
tncnto.'Meudcta, Hanf.ird. Vi.-ii'.ia,
PcrtertUle 4:l»p
•HOOp Sacramento *:s:<>«>p
8:00p Haywards, Kilt* ami Way Stations. O:4Sp
■ «:ii«p Martiuez, Baa lf*'i:on, Valicjo,
Napa, C'all«H>gn, KuuUUosa - B>l3a
4>OOt> Benicia, VacaviUe, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarvßTillo, Oro»llle... lO:4Aa
4iBorNUe9, Sen .lose aud Stockton 7:18?
4:30p Yopemito Sleeping Car for Raymond U*:l3p
O;OOrXbe OwL Tracy. Freeno. Bakcra-
tield, Saugus (or Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. S:4O\
«:BOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno l«:15p
0:3 Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojaro end I. os Ange1e5. ........ Si4Ba
Si3Vr Santa B*B Koute, Atlantlo Express
for Mojave and Host o>43p
•IOOp Chieago-Bau Franci£CoSpeci»l.ogdoii
and Bass 8:50p
6:0 Or HayvrarJj, NilesandSan Jose 7:4.*>a
1 •6jO«p Vallejo 12:l»p
|7:»0r Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9:55p
otOBp Oresou Sacramento, Marys-
•• . Title. Koddintr, I'ortlaud. I'uget
Bound ami liast gilgA,
COAST DIVISION (Narrow <Ja«ge).
(Foot of Market Street.) --
L ITi4sa Santa Cruz Excursion (or Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Station* J8««3»
Newark.Cunttrvillc, Han Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creel;, t a Cruz and Way
Stations : t... SiSOr
VgilSp Newark, Centervlllo, Ban Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "lOsSO*
4tlOp San Jose. Ulenwood and Way Sta-
tions 8:20 a,
|>4<lSp Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Bta-
tiong /OtgOA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS FRANCISCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:03 {3:09
•4:00 tS:C3 •6:03 p.m.
IHKLIHB— Fcot of BrcaJwaT.— -6:00 8:00 10:00 A.M.
n2:OQ. »l:00 t2.00 *3:03 11:03 *3:Q3p.m.
■ COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). ,
(Third and Townsend
"•6:10a Ocean View. South ban l'raiid."CO. . # 0:80p"
; «7:00 a San Jose «'(1 W&y Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) «8:00 a,
- |7:8Oa Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
l'acitlo Grove and Principal Way
Stations JB:33p
•iOOa San Jose, Trcs Finos. Hanta Cruz,
Pacillo Grove. Paso Itublua. Ban
Luis Oblspo, Surf, Lompoo and
Principal Way EiiUioiis 4:lOp
■ «s4oa San Jose mid Way Stations 0:3.-iA
> I 1:30 a San Joso and Way Stations l>3Op
•»:43p San Mateo, 1 led wood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose, '
HolHster, Santa Cruz. Billnas,
Monterey and Paciflo OroTe *10:3bA
; •li3Or Ran Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacifio Grova
and Principal Way Stations # 7:30p
•4:1 Jose and Principal Way Stations U:43a
•5:00p Sun Joso and Principal Way Stations *8:33 a
s::tof Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations # 9:<>Oa
«: HOp San Joso and Way Stations S:3op
tII:iSp San Jose end Way Stations t~::tOf
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday escepted. } Sunday only. t Saturday only.
. (Saturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
2LiH!SSE3Hi
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot oS Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
1 WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
; 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
j at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:50
and ll:3u p. m.
ATS— B:BO, 9:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:30,
; 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
I &AN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 8:20, 11:10 a. in.; 12:45,
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:03,
6:25 p. m.
1 Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
Mine schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
1 Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
i • April 16, .
i Week Sun- 1599. Sun- Week
I Days. days. I Destination, days, j Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato. [10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, | 6:05 pm 10:25 ara
6:10 pm 5:00 pm 1 Santa K>;sa. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 ana
Healdf-burfT,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am Hopland and j 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. j 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am ; 10:25 ara
i 8:00 am Guernevlllo. 7:35 pm
! 11:30 pm 6:20 pm
, 1 m i ______ — _^
! 7:30 am 8:00 am : Sonoma '10:40 am 8:40 am
j and I
i 1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 0:40 am; 10: am
1:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
i Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
j Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
1 for Lytton Springs; at Geyservilie for Skaggs
! Springe; at Clovurdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
i Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
, port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
: Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riversid-, Lierley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle.
! Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
: Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
i Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
! Westport, Usal, WUlltts, Laytonville, Cum-«
; Wing's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer;
; Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
! reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
: beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldr,
i H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. "
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sstuollto Ferry.
Commencing September 1. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00. *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30' p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO. »9:00. "10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m. i 1:00, *1:45, »2:30. »4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not .run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS 5:25, *6:40. 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:13, *3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, «9:45. *10:45, »il:4»
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20. »3:30, '5:15. '6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on, Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.;- 12:05.
1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. C:3O. 10:20 n. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero rind way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:00 a. m, — Cazadero and way Fta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'n3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JDAQUI2I
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, ISSS, trains will run as follow:
South-bound. North-bound.
Fassen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 3:45 pm 6:00 pru
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5<36 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:80 am Bakersfleid |:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalia 6:40 am 1:22 pra
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 650 am 1.-QS pm
""stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
inquire at Tmfflo Department. 321 Mariwt St..
Sao Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Active ::m:i Francisco, via Sausatlto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 189».
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. in., and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. in.. Returning Sams Even-
ing, arriving In Ban Francisco at 11:29
P. DO.
DATS. 8. J. 10 and M a. m. and 1:45. »:38
. aod 4 p. m.
Fare B. F.'to Summit and Return. SI 40.
THOS COOK & SON. Asia.. £31 Market st.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
1112
LATEST NEWS OF OUR ARMY AND NAVY
NORTHERN FIGHTERS
HOME FROM THE FRONT
The Minnesota and Dakota
Volunteers Reach Port.
Big Transport Sheridan Arrives With Two
Thousand Veterans of the
Philippine Conflict
THE United States army transport
Sheridan arrived from Manila via
Nagasaki and Yokohama last night
and anchored oB Sausallto. Dr.
Kinyjoun, the United States quar
antine officer, went out to her, but re
fused to allow anybody aboard until 8:30
a. in. to-day. A number of people were
out on the tugs Governor Markham and
Reliance to greet their friends, but had
to be content with waving 'their welcome
to those aboard the transport.
The Sheridan made the run from Yoko
hama, In the fast time of 14 days 11 hours.
She would have been hero early In the
morning had it not been for the fact that
the captain could not go far enough
north on the great circle on account of
the cold.
There re 2064 people on the transport.
They are divided up as follows: One
hundred and one cabin passengers, 575
South Dakota Volunteers, 1012 Thirteenth
Minnesota Volunteers, 15.9 .discharged
regulars, 176 crew, 6 quartermasters and
clerks and 5 doctors and hospital nurses.
The cabin passengers are as follows:
First South Dakota— Major William T. Alli
fon. Lieutenant J. W. Beck, Lieutenant J. L.
Burdlck, Captain C. L. Rockway, Lieutenant
H. •'. Bates, Lieutenant G. E. Barkel, Captain
\V. F. Cox, Lieutenant G. H. Crabtree. Chap
lain C. M. Daley, Lieutenant L. L. Dynna,
Lieutenant W. S. Doollttle, Lieutenant O. F.
English. Colonel Alfred S. Frost, Captain A.
L. Fuller, Lieutenant O. M. Fisk, Lieutenant
M. M. Outhrle. Captain \V\ S. Gray, Major
C. A. Howard. Lieutenant J. H. Hubbard,
Lieutenant John Holman, Lieutenant F. O.
Huntington, Lieutenant Q. G. Guineas, Cap
tain Q. W. Latt:n, Captain J. E. McKelvy,
Lieutenant H. J. Mowrey, Captain P. D. Mo-
Clellan, Captain W. M. McLaughlln. Captain
F. W. Me ury. Lieutenant Amos Partrinp.
Lieutenant Gustave Reiner, Lieutenant G. W.
Roskle, Lieutenant Colonel Lee Stover, Lieu
tenant 0 F. Smith Captain A. B. Sessions,
LU-ut»nant W. L. Schoettler, Captain P. D.
Sheldon. Lieutenant H. F. Thompson. Lieu
tenant A. S. Thompson. Captain C. P. Van
H.iuten, Major R. C. Wain'", Surgeon- Lieu
tenant D. F. Wllmarth, Captain K. R. Mc-
Gregor and Lieutenant M. A. Hildreth of First
North Dakota.
Thirteenth Minnesota— Lieutenant C. S. An
derson, Mrs. Major E. B. Bean, Lieutenant
"W. J. Burns. Lieutenant B. L. Bruckart. Cap
tain C. G. Bunker, Captain A. W. BJornstad,
Captain E. M. Conrad, Captain F. T. Carrls
ton. Lieutenant J. F. Chambers, Lieutenant
C. A. Clark, Captain W. A. Caxlton, Captain
C A. Cres>sey. Colonel J. H. Frederick. Major
H M Fitzgerald, Lieutenant D. F. Fitzger
ald Lieutenant E. J. Falk, Lieutenant M. D.
Garcelon. Lieutenant H. J. Grant, Lieutenants
W. L. Hazel, W. H. Hart. C. R. Head. H. O.
Hauft, W. H. Johnson, H. D I»ackore, Cap
lain A A. Law, Lieutenant H. J. Lumperich,
Major J. P. Masterman, Captain W. B. Wade,
Lieutenant M. S. Mead, Lieutenant E. S.
Mcl ling' Captain A. S. Morgan Captain C.
E. Metz. Lieutenant M. L. Merrill, Lieutenant
Boy Pears'. Major N. C. Robinson, Captain
H. P. Ritchie, Captain F. V. Rowley, «'hi tain
C. T. Si^nr, Captain O. Beebach, Lieutenant
H. K. Scott, Lieutenant J. H. Snow, Lieu
tonant? F. C. Pauter. W. 11 Terwi rde M. E.
Tp«\ J. .1. Walsh, l . 11. Whitney and J. M.
Kwethurvt.
Red Cross— Pr Pwight. Miss Gladwin. Mrs.
Houpe. Tnited States navy— J. K. Palmer.
Firt«t Wyoming— Captain H. A. Clarke, Dr.
Rl'-hardson. J. A. Peyton and E. H. Brown.
The voyage from Manila was a very un
pventftil one. At Nagasaki the soldiers
•w^re allowed ashore while the transport
•was coalinc. At Yokohama they were
again given shore liberty and many of
the boys took a run up to.Toklo.
Sergeant John 11. Collins died soon after
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABYSAWFULBURN
Large cs a Silver Dollar. Hot
Coffee Scalds Breast and Hands.
Skin Comes Off with Clothes.
All Remedies Useless.
CURED BY CUTICURA
My little boy was two years old when he
reached upon the table and spilled a cup of
hot coffee all over his left hand. It had gone |
through to his breast, and before I could re- ;
move his clothes it had burned his breast, '
and the skin came off with the clothes, and
be has to-day a scar as large as a silver dollar
en his breast. I applied a great many things.
The burn was a very ugly one, hard to. heal.
I was requested to try Cr/TiccßA (ointment), j
■which healed up rapidly, but before I used a
half a box of Ccticcra it was well. Oh, I |
think Ccticcha is the salve above all others.
Nov. 20, '&8. Mas. R. CARTY , Needles, Cal. |
BABY'S SOrThAND CURED
i waa obliged to keep the first three fingers i
of my little boy's hand done up all the time, j
tea it was a raw surd, begin:. \\.% to extend !
down toward the palm. We consulted three !
different physicians, each a certain length of !
time. A gentleman recommended Cuticura
remedies. I purchased CuTiotnvfc Soap, Cc- j
ticura (ointment), and Cuticcra Resol- i
tent, put aside what I had been using, and
began with them. Well ! they cundthat hand.
Mrs. DIAMOND,
Jan. 29/98. 161 Branson Aye., Rochester, N.Y.
CUTICURA Wf^S WONDERS
In all the world there v .., other treatment bo ;
pure, bo sweet, Bpceu; . j ;.'ective for distress- I
Ing skin hamors of Ir: a: •- mid children as warm
baths with Cuticcra Buaf, and gentle anoint- <
lng» with Ccticciia (ointment), (rreatontof «kin ■
ouregj followed by mlid do»?B of COTXCCBA
Resolvent, great'--- ...» blood purifiers and
humor remedies. n-y a£ford initant relief,
permit rc»t nnd lie ; .nd point toaipeedy, per.
raauii.t, and eoooou ..■ cure, hen all elce fails.
BoM throughout the ••• ■■■■■'.. form D.'vc c. Cobp.,
Fropt.,Uo»ton. "All Ahout ;»«;.v<.«r.inaal fe'ailp.'Tree.
SAVE YOUR H ;i: l H^SM?I& -il
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
O? All Kinds
Fop the Location oi
Government
And
State Lands
Botb Surveyed
And Un6urvcycd.
F. A. HYDE,
4MJ MootAomfirjr 6t». 6 » n P»"«»c»«w
Officers of the Minnesota and South Dakota Regiments.
the vessel left Manila and Private Frank
"Wallin died at Nagasaki. Private Carlson
of the South Dakota regiment died when
the Sheridan was four days out on her
way to San Francisco. All tr.e bodies
were embalmed and brought to port.
The Minnesota and South Dakota boys
will not net ashore until Saturday morn-
Ing. There will be no room at the Gov
ernment wharf until the Columbia sails
for Manila this afternoon. The Sheridan
will come up to an anchorage off Folsom
street this morning and will take the Co
lumbia's place to-morrow morning. The
Hera will leave the ship about 9. a.
m. and half an hour later .will march out
to the Presidio.
The following Is a list of invalid soldiers on
board who will report to headquarters for ad
mission to one of the Presidio hospital*:
Phil Curran, Company L, First South Dakota;
James O'Connell, Company G, Ninth Infantry;
A E. Prater, Company I. Ninth Infantry;
Fred A. Fllson. Company I), Thirteenth In
fantry; Alfred G. Wilson, Company A, Four
teenth Infantry; Fred walker. Company E.
Fourteenth Infantry; Edward Bowder, Com
pany G. Fourteenth Infantry: Frank Shulze,
Company M, Fourteenth Infantry; R. H. Haw
thorne, Company. M. Seventeenth- Infantry;
Oliver M. Bell, Company A. Twentieth Infan
try; I^ewls Turner. Company A, Twentieth In
fantry: Emll Rlchart, band. Twenty-second
Infantry; John # Reman, Company P., Fifty
first Iowa; Charles E. Lucas, Company D,
Fifty-first Iowa: Edward R. Hook, Company
H, Twentieth Kansas; George Crerar. Com
pany A, First Washington; Ed R. Bartlett,
Company I), First Washington: R. R. Metier
Company <}, First Washington; John Leehy,
Company E, Eighteenth Infantry; Michael
O'Malley. Company E. Third Infantry.
ONLY ONEDELEGATE HERE
Congressman Gamble of South
Dakota at the Palace.
By making a record breaking trip of
fourteen days across the Pacific from
Yokohama, the Sheridan upset the calcu
lations of the delegations from Minnesota
and South Dakota, who started from
their homes to come here and receive the
volunteers she is bringing home.
The Minnesota delegation, consisting of
Governor John D. Lind and a large parly
of State officials, are scheduled to arrive
at the Occidental on Monday next, and
the South Dakota delegation, which is to
reach the Palace this evening, had only
one representative here last night to meet
the boys on their return from the wars.
This single delegate is Congressman R. J.
Gamble, who is accompanied by his wife
and son.
When Been last evening Congressman
' Gamble said that a great deal of money
had been collected throughout his State
to entertain the men who had sacrificed
so much for their flag. But, as tho defln
! ite plans of the proposed celebration
which Is to welcome the soldiers to their
native State are in the Governor's hands,
: Congressman Gamble preferred not to
BRAVE BOYS FROM
"BLIZZARD STATE"
NOT one body of troops among 1 them all com^F back from the Philippines 8
•with a finer record as soldiers and fiphtlnK men than the pallant i
First South Dakota Regiment. From the inception of the Filipino (/
trouble on the night of February 4 to the capture of Calumpit on Zi
April 25 they bore most gallantly tholr full part in the very ?Z
forefront of the American advance, aa is well attested by the official casualty
returns from every' one of the many hard-fought fields by which Mac-Arthur
won bis way from Taloocan to the Rio Grande River. Beginning with the 5?
fighting at Binaldo Church, between Santa Mesa and Caloocan, on February •*
5 and G, when they lost Beven men killed and eight wounded, every field Q
added to their honored roll of kllli i 1 and wounded, until the former numbers >/
llfty-eight and the latter eigrhty-nine men.
They Buffered most severel.s' i:i the engagements incident to the beginning X
M.-uArthUr's advance toward Malolop. February 24 and 25. When between V
i an and Palo they lost twelve m<-n killed and thirty-three wounded; ;ui<l v
Hale's advance alonn tlie north side of the river from Ouingua to Calum- '*
pit and the capture of the latter place, when their list of casualties was Q
thirty-four, of which nine were killed and mortally wounded. Zi
The death roll shews a inr;.-' percentage of non-commissioned officers, JZ
with four lieutenants, Hurting. Morrison, Adams, and Lien, the latter being A
the adjutant of tbe regiment. v
The Spilth Dakota Regiment mustered 100 C strong on leaving San Fran- $
c!sco for Manila. The first detachment, consisting of two battalions, sailed A
on July 2", on the transport Rio Janeiro, and .the remainder followed on the V
St. Paul. July 29. Though coming from a country of extreme cold, where the &
blizzard often dragged the mercury down to 66 degrees below zero, tTlese •?
hardy, brave hearted boys endured the extreme heat incident to their passage Q
across the Pacific without serious hurt and without a murmur of discontent, i?<
and so did they all the hardships of their camping and campaigning under a X
sweltering heat, in the fever infested flelds and swamps of Luzon. A
THE SAX FTCANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 8. 1899.
I discuss them until the arrival of that dig- [
nitarv himself. He said, however, that ,
the State will pay for the transport of tho
regiment from this city to its home in |
South Dakota.
Besides Governor Andrew E. Lee there j
will arrive at the Palace this evening
I leutenant Governor John T. Kean, Sec- 1
retary of State W. H. Roddle, State
Tr< asurer John Schamlier, State Auditor I
James Reeves, Attorney General John h. ;
! Pyle, Comissioner of Public Lands David I
Eastman and ahout fifteen other promi
nent citizens of South Dakota. Many of
: the visitors will be accompanied by their j
J wives.
In addition to the Governor and his offi- J
cial family, the State's representation j
! will Include T'nite.d States Senators Petti- |
grew and Pyle and Congressmen Gamble i
and Burke. " •
REMAINS OF SOLDIERS ON TRANSPORT SHERIDAN.
DIED IN THE PHILIPPINES.
• Captain Reinhold Richter, First California. First ,gergeant M. •
1 Justh, First California. Private Edwin A. O'Neil, First California. '
Private John D. Dinsmore, First California. P-ivate James F. Car- ,
9 doza, Battalion of Engineers. Private Walter E. Hutchison, Company 0
A, Fifty-first lowa. First Lieutenant John S. Moore, Company A,
• Fifty-first lowa. Private Sydney Pratt, Company A, Thirteenth. •
Minnesota. Captain Lee Forby, First Nebraska Eegiment. 1
DIED AT SEA. j
• Sergeant John H. Collins, Company G, Ninth Infantry. Private •
Frnnk Wallin. Company B, Third Infantry. Private Ariet Carlson, A
Company B, First South Dakota Regiment. Collins died. August 15, i
9 "Wallin August 18 and Carlson August 28. q
THE SACRIFICE OF THE
THIRTEENTH MINNESOTA
THOSE WHO DIED.
COMPANY A— Privates "William Sulli
van. July 17, 3898; Henry Dickson, August
16, 1898; Sidney Pratt, August 18, 1898;
Harry L. Currier, September IS, 1898;
Payson Colwell, September 23, IS9S; Frank
T. Wleranch, October 1. 189S; Edward
Pratt, March 25, 1599; Fred Buckendorf,
May 4, 1899.
COMPANY B— Privates Albert W. Ol
son. January 29, 1899; Timothy Enigat,
March 12. 1899.
COMPANY C— Privates Harry G. Wat-
Bon, August 28, ltt>3; Joseph O. Daley, No
vember ."■. i v j x ; William O. Martenson,
November !i. 1898; Maurice P. Beatty,
April 4, ISSS; Herbert L. Keeler, May IG,
COMPANY D— Privates John S. Wood,
August 23, 189S; Gilbert C. Perrine, Janu
ary fi, 1899
COMPANY E— Musician Fred Buckland,
July 27, 1898: Privates Leslie U. Paden,
August fi, 1W: Paul M. Crosby, October
4, 1898; Sergeants Marion M. Carlton, De
cember 18. 1898; Fred C. FTitzen, June
26, 1899.
COMPANY F— Privates Sidney F. Gar
ret, November 3, 1S98; Jesse Cole, April
10. 1899; Frank Smith, April 28, 1899; Frank
Lewis. May 1, 18M; Vernon E. Taggart.
May 25. 1899.
iiiMPANT G— Private John H. Sell, Au
gust 1, 1S98; Sergeant Charles Burnsen,
August 13, isjiS; First lieutenant Frank
G. Morley. August 30, 1898.
COMPANY H — Privates Charles
Schwartz, August 30 1898; Albert E. Den
nis. September 12, 1898.
COMPANY I— Corporal William W.
Ray, May 30, 1898: Trumpeter Arch R.
Patterson, August 13i 1898; p J lv f l J&!
Amasa J. Hawkins. December ■■.. v\
Robert L. Van Emar. February 20
\ ernon Barker, February 20. I^9; Jj"* l^ 1 . 13
Sutton, March 9. 1599; Edward J. t ul
cane, March 9, lS!>n. , T ~ h ,_
COMPANY k-Private Paul J. Rhode,
June 28. 1899. „
COMPANY L— Privates Edward Pratt,
March 25, 1899; Amasso Cole, April 10, 1599.
COMPANY M— Private George H. Coo
tej . April 10 1599 _ .
COMPANY NOT DESTGNATED-Ch ef
Musician Charles H. Watson, July 20. 189S;
Privates William Saunders. August 1«,
1898; Louis Bailey (reported!, October 8,
1&98: Marlon Moulton (reported), October
S, 189S; Jesse Stegr.er (reported), October
S. 189S; M-illiam Ball (reported), October 8,
18PS; William A. Pilgrim. June 24, 1899.
Major Arthur M. Digsles, mortally
wounded in action at Balinag May 8; died
May 26, 1899.
THE WOUNDED.
COMPANY A— Private Andrew Morten
son, March 24-0. 1899; First Sergeant Eu
gene Sanscom, April 10-11, 1899; Corporal
Holden •;. Gilbert, April ■
COMPANY B— Privates W. J. Oble,
April 10-11, 1899; C. J. Miggeson. April 10
--11. 1899; Eugene A. Harv^ey, April 10-11,
1899; Charles Packett. April 10-11, 151*9;
John J. Young, April 1"-!!. 1899.
COMPANY C— Lieutenant C. J. Punker,
Augußi 13, 1898; Privates Henry Fitzloff,
: M. a. Trenham, August
13, 1898; Captain Noyea C. Robinson, Feb-
ruary 22, 1899; Sergeant George K. Shop
i hard February si, 1599; Privates Thomas
J F. Calden, February 22, l&9y; George S.
WoofiliiiK. February 26, 1899; Ira D
Smith, April 10-11, 1593; Charles Still, April
COMPANY D— Privates Orton G. Grin
noil, February 22. 1899; -Herman 11. Hill
man, February 22, 1899; John Hartfield,
February 26, 1899; Charles Conley April
ISM 1899; Whipplinger, April 25,
COMPANY E-Corporal H. E. Williams,
! August 13, 1898: Privates C. T. Rice
August T.i, 1898; ii. K. Barrowman, August
3 ' \ S% ,K Char les P. Wood, August 13, 1898;
Jack Hamilton, August 13, 1898; First
Lieutenant Charles Clark, April 10-11, 1899.
COMPANY F— Sergeant Marlon M. Carl
ton, August 13, 1898; Privates Charles Lit
tle, August 13, 1898; Albert S. Hanson,
■ August 13, 1S98; Robert Gieb, March 24-27
1898; Corporals Robert Kelleher, April 12
1898; Ira T iv.:.., April 24, 1898; W. E. Tew
May 15, IS!"..
COMPANY G— Captain Oscar Seebach,
August 13, 1898; Privates F. M. Crow!
August 13, 1898; William A. Jones, August
13, 1S98; George Kahl, August 13, IS9S-
George F. Tenny, August 13, 1898; Charles
i Ap^n S 25 re iS99 UgUSt 13> 189S: a ' ' r Wllliams
j COMPANY H-Captaln A. W. Bjern-
Btad, August 13, 1898; Privates L H Wal
-'ivCo^^y% 13 'J^l ' °- Thoraen, August
a, 1888; G. H. HiUmore, August 13, 1898;
i ? n( i c 1 ,V av is- February 22, [899; Andrew
! J. Mledle, February 26, 1599; Bjorn Gls
i p%0 A l I i: il l^: 11 c 1899; Harry Anderson,
April 10-11, 1R99; Corpora] B. H. Burllne:
--1 ham, April 20, 1899; Private Albert Erick
son, May 16, 1899.
COMPANY i— Sergeant Edward Mein
ness, March 24-26, 1899; Privates Leonard
! Sorter, March 24-26, 1899; Fred Eckman,
March 24-26, 1899; Corporal Walter Ry
berg, April 10-11, 1809.
COMPANY X— Privates John T. Wheel
er, March 24-27. 1899; James McGee,
March 24-27, 1899; Corporal John Connelly
: March 24-27,' 1899; Sergeant W. D. Bur
lingham, April 28;i599; First Sergeant
Harry Howard, May 15, 1599.
COMPANY L— Privates Lee Ulmer,
August 13, 3898; W.S. Moore, August 13-
I 1898; Ernest L. Reder, August 13, 1898; Ben
' Optan, February, 12, 1899; Avery Grimes,
; March 24-27. 1599; Corporal Harry M
Glosser, March 24-27, 1899; Privates Henry
Foss, April 10, 1899; Richard Kelly, April
10-11, 1899; Adam Hotchkiss, April 10-11,
1899.
COMPANY Privates Edigius Fehr,
February 22. 1899: Oscar Frickman, Feb
ruary 22, 1899; G. Baker, February 22
1899: Paul S. Huhn. March 24-27. 1899. :
COMPANY NOT DESIGNATED—Pri
vates Nicholas Hansen, April 20. 1599; Wtl
liam H. Mynders, April 20, 1599.
DEAD AND WOUNDED OF
FIRST SOUTH DAKOTA
THOSE WHO GAVE THEIR LIVES.
COMPANY A— Private James Goddard,
June 15, 1S98; First Lieutenant Edwin A.
Harting, February 14, 1899.
COMPANY B— Privates F.-S. Dennison,
November 17, 1898; Charles Eschels, April
13, 1839; Corporal Harvey M. Breed, April
25, 1899.
COMPANY C— Privates Oscar Felkei,
February 23, 1899; William Fahrenwald,
May 13, IS9H; Charles Prouty. June 12, 1«99.
COMPANY D— Privates l.eon Hall. July
25. IS9S; Frederick •'. Greenstii, October li
1898; Askil O. Eedenes, November 2, 1898;
James Nelson. March 27, 1899; Matthew
Ryan. March 27, 1899; Oliver Davis, April
27, 1899.
COMPANY E— Privates Martin C. Mar
tinson, September 27, 1898; Royal H.> Smith,
November 26, 1898; Second Lieutenant S.
E. Morrison, March 27, 18K); Privates
Harry Keogh, March 27, 1899; Lewis
Chase, March 27, 1899; Frank Schraeder,
March 27, 1899; Peter Ryan, March 27, 1898.
COMPANY F— Privates Lee. Otis S. Rob
erts, May 23, 189S, J. P. C. Wickham, Oc
tober 29, 1898; Irving Wilet, November 30,
1898; Otto J. Berg, January 27, 1599; Cor
poral Wilson M. Osborn, Fdbruary 15. 1899;
Privates Horace McCardic, March 24.
1599; Nelson McKeller, March 27, 1899.
COMPANY Private Jay A. Smith,
November 14, IS9B.
Company H— Privates John Dale, July
28, 189S; Horace J. McCracken, February
2. 1899; First Lieutenant Frank H. Adams,
March 21, 1899; Privates Mortimer C.
Bowen. April 24, 1899: Oscar H. Johnson,
April 24, 1899: Charles Stultz, April 24,
1899; Guy Jones. April 25, 1899; Charles
Peterson, April 25. 1899.
COMPANY I— Privates James E. Link,
December 1. 1898; Victor E. Schofleld,
February 5, 1599; Fred E. Green, February
5. 1599; William J. Lewis, February 5, 1899;
William May, March 31. 1899.
COMPANY X— Privates Ray Anderson,
November 3. IS9S; James. M. Clark, No
vember 25, 1898; John J. Mahoney. Decem
ber 1, 1*98; James A. Lizer, April 24. 1899.
COMPANY L— Privates. Samuel Frazer,
June 18. 1898; Newall E. Jenks, July 26.
IS9S; Harley de Jean, April 24, 1899; L. C.
Dean, April 25, 1899.
COMPANY M— Privates J. W. Whit
man, August 2»i. 1898; Edward Manoher,
September 8, 1898; Olavua Folland. Feb
ruary 3, 1899; Sergeants William B. Smith,
February 23, 1899; Charles B. Preacher,
March 31, 1899; Oscar Fallen, March 29,
1899.
STAFF— First Lieutenant and Adju
tant Jonas H. Lien, March 27, 1899; Ser
geant Major Ray Walter Stover, October
21, 1898.
THE WOUNDED.
COMPANY B— Privates Fred Tobin,
February 22, 1899; Norman H. Batman,
February 27, 1899; Fred Handle, April 22,
1898; Sergeants Charles Butler, April 24,
1899 (again on April 27); Arthur S. Emer
son, April 25, 1899: Privates Frank H.
Gob?l, April 26, 1899; James Gibbs, April
25, 1899: Corporal Hammon 11. Buck, April
27, 1800."
COMPANY Private George Benson,
March 24-27, 1899; Artificer Arno Hughes,
March 24-27, 1899; Sergeant Sidney J. Cor
delia, March -.-27. 1899; Private George
Amoor, March 24-27, 1899; Corporal L. S.
Richmond, March 29, 1899; Wagoner
Joseph Waugh, March 29, 1899; Privates
Lewis C. Barber, March 29, 1899; John
Benedict, March 29. 1899; Sergeant Frank
Stephens, March 30, 1899; Private Guy P.
Davis: March 30, 18»s».
COMPANY D— Privates Roy Washburn,
March 24-27. 1899; Isaac Johnson. March
■ 24-27, 1899; First Sergeant Ernest Madden,
March 24-27, 1899; Privates M. * Rickman,
March 29 1899; Homer Baker, March 29,
1599; — Fuguson, March 29, 1899;- J. M.
Murphy, April 25, 1899.
COMPANY E— Sergeant Arthur A.
Northrup, March 24-27, 1899; Corporal F.
B. W. wheeler, March 24-27. 1899; Privates
John Staube, March 24-27, 1899: William F.
Panke; March 24-27. 1899; William Gundy,
March 29, 1899; Corporal Christopher L.
Myers, April 25, 1899; Privates Thomas
Co"leman, April 25, 1899; James 11. Davis,
April 25, 1899; Robert Hawkins, April 25,
1899. -
COMPANY F— Corporal Carl "II. Osgood,
February 5, 1899; Sergeant Hiram A. Pratt,
March -24-27, 1899; Privates Byron Hast
ings, March 24-27, 1899; Benjamin Stroule,
March 24-27, 1899; Peter J. Tierney, March
24-27, 1809; William Reaman, April 25, 1899.
COMPANY G— Private W. E. Brown,
March 24-27. 1899: Corporal Alexander
Hardy, March 24-27. 1899; Private Charles j
Wagner, April 24-25, 1899; Sergeant Oscar
M. Carsey, April 24-25, 1599; Corporal
Charles H. Green, April 24-25, 1899; Second
Lieutenant Walter Doolittle, April 24-27,
1599.
COMPANY Corporal Oscar Johnson,
March 29, 1899; Captain Charles H. Engles
by, April 26, 1899.
COMPANY I— Privates A. Haakell, Feb
ruary 5, 1599; Fred Barber, March 24-27,
1899; First Lieutenant Paul McClelland,
March. 24-27. 1899; Privates- Walter Crosier,
March 24-27, 1899; William Ames, March
24-27. 1-:".': William May. March 24-27, 1899:
Walter Lackmeyer. March 24-27. 1899; Paul
Wiess, April 24, 1899; Oliver C. Lapp. April
25, 1809; Robert Putnam. April 25, 1599; W.
H. Harrison. April 25, 1899.
COMPANY X— Corporal Eugene E.
Stevens. February 5. 1899; Privates Ben
jamin Phipjps. February 5, 1 SCO ; Frank
McClain, February 5, 1899; Hiram Fay,
February 5, 18^; Guy P. Squire, March
24-27, 1899; Ray S. Nichols. March 24-27,
1899; Herman Kruger, March 29. 1899; Don
Van Rausse, April 25. 1899; George E.
Skinner, April 25, 1899; Ray P. Ranus,
April 26, 1899.
COMPANY L— Private Ben Optan, Feb
ruary 9, 1*99; Sergeant Robert B. Ross,
February 27, 1899; Privates Myers Allison,
March 24-27, 1899; Fred Louncon, March
24-27 1809; Fred Brunger, March 24-27,
1899; John Ottman, March 20, 1899; Knut
Peterson, March 29, 1899; John Rogers,
March 29, 1899; T. Dean, April 24. 1899;
Alex. S. Sjoblene, April 24. 1599; Quarter
master Sergeant Anton Jurich, April 25,
1809.
COMPANY Privates Marlin Fade,
February 22. 1899; Mat Sheubel. March 24-.
27 1899; Charles H. Jackson, March 24-27.
1809; John Donnelly, March 29, 1899;
Charles Triess, March 29. 1899.
COMPANY NOT DESIGNATED—Pri
vates Alex F. Burns, February 8, 1899;
Clyde McVay. February 22-23, 1899; Mu
sicians Charles Hultberg, February 22,
1899; David Elmes. March 24, 1599.
SHAFTER TO BE RETAINED
Adjutant General Corbin Says
He Will Not Retire as a
Volunteer Officer.
From dispatches from "Washington it
would seem as if the President intends
to reward General Rhaftcr for his work
in Cuba by continuing: him in service as
a major general of volunteers after the
time for his retirement as a brigadier
general in tf>e regular establishment
shall have arrived.
Under ordinary circumstances General
Shatter would retire on October 1G next,
the day he Is 64 years old. This is the
law, but the age provision has not been
carried Into the volunteer service and
General Shaftor is a major ponfrnl of
volunteers; and as a major general of
volunteers he will in all probability he
retained in command of this department.
The following dispatch to The Call
from Washington will explain the situa
tion mom" fully than the one published
last Wednesday morning:
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.—
It has been practically decided that Gen
eral Shafter shall continue in command
of the Department of the Paciflo, with
GALLANT MINNESOTA'S
SPLENDID WAR RECORD
IV
1$ f ■ \IIK Thirteenth Mlnnpsota Regiment SRiled from San Francisco for the
'i \ Philippines on the City of Para with the third military expedition on
Q i June 27, IS9S. Though half of the regiment were recruits of but six
jr \ weeks' training, when they arrived at Cavite they soon proved that
ft -*■ they were something more than exhibition soldiers. In the assault and
x ( apture of the city of Manila on August 13 this gallant regiment led one of
V the columns in the advance on the Spanish works, and though twenty-six of
j< their number fell, three of whom were killed or mortally wounded, there was
?i no halt or falter with them until the sight of the Stars and Stripes floating
A over the walled city announced the surrender of the foe.
}. A well-merited tribute to the good discipline of this regiment was its se
?Z lection for provost duty in the city when the attitude of the Filipinos be
s gan to indicate trouble. They were employed on this duty, under the d'irec-
Q tion of General Hughes when the outbreak came on the night of February
ft" 4. and in the trying scenes of the three days and nights that followed they ',
?2 proved themselves tactful, vigilant and brave.
A Soon after the regiment was sent to the front, and from that time
7/ on until the end of May they were on continuous duty, picketing.
ft inarching ■ fighting, and the roll of dead and wounded bears good evidence '■
A of how faithfully they stuck to their work. On February 22, in the engage
s' lent before Malabon, they lost in a very short time two men killed and ten ;
>Z wounded, but they cleared everything before them. <
*f On the rebrigadmg of the regiments, March 19, they were assigned to '.
Q Hall's brigade of Mac Arthur's division, and took part in the long stretch ■
ti of fighting of March 24 to 27, from Malabon to Miralao, in which they lost <
<t three men killed and twelve wounded. On April 10, while in reserve at '
Q Miralao, they repulsed an attempt by a large force of the enemy to break (
X Mac Arthur's line of communication with Manila, losing three men killed and i
7Z fifteen wounded. Their conduct on this occasion was that of veteran soldiers ;
A and earned official mention. "When General La- 1 -ton's flying column was /
V, started from Novaliches northward the Thirteenth Minnesota with the Sec- 1
ft und Oregon marched from Miralao and Bocave and joined him near Marun- 3
A co. From that time on- tiir the capture of San Isidro and return therefrom
L they remained under hi? command, taking part in the' various fights at (
# p.alinag, Mansin, San Miguel and San Ildefonso, with a loss of seven men I
yi killed and afteen wounded, among the former being their brave and much- )
/) lamented major, Ar..iur M. Diggles, who was killed by .1 Filipino sharp- (
Y. shooter on May 8 at Balinag. ■ j
>Z The full death roll of the regiment numbered fifty-two and of the )
£ wounded seventy-five when embarked for home.
Bale's.
milling* r»\T nn^nin/t »" next *"> "« * ha show {a " creation* in patt»m
lllllllll^l y UpCIIIIIiJ hats, novelties and trimmings.
a rap at *-_
wrappers
* * we put prices at a moving
pace because fall goods are overwhelming us;
there's a limit even to the bulging shelves and
counters of our big store.
10 dozen ladies' percale wrappers, that were 75c and 51.00 69s
11 dozen ladies' psrcale wrappers, that were $1.25 and 51.50 98c
14 dozen ladies' percale wrappers, that were 5i. 75, $2.00 and $2. 50..51.48
new veilings new ribbons
our importations of foreign veilings the. way we bought ribbons would be
comprise every mesh and color known to considered wild and reckless usually;
be desirable, we mention a few of our but big quantities meant small prices —
best values at 50c yard. and such beauties.
black Chantilly veilings, with self- 10,000 yards new all-silk heavy
embroidered border and spots, IS quality satin and grain ribbon
inches wide Jsoo in light and staple colors:
black Tuxedo and Russian mesh. nr , 2< , s in , vii]o VI , .. l:iv fr
with chenille-dotted border .>()<•! do. 5. % in. wide, yd .-,<•, or pc, SOo
black Tuxedo and Russian mesh no, :. i l » in wide, yd |»<\ or pc, «»<><•
veiling, closely dotted with chenille ™;
QOtS o<»C no. 16, 2< 4 in. wide.yd. Ili 1 -lie, or pc SI IT,
plain and fancy mesh. Tuxedo and no. 22, 2% in. wide, yd.T.3sc, or pc $1 50
Russian nets, plain and dotted chif- no - 40 3 » "- wide, yd...20c, 01 pc, si: 00
fon veiling in black and colors,- and 4 - ftft ..__ /1 • 0 ,, m , ...
a great variety of white and ecruLJSJ £££ all-silk heavy quality
wash veiling " 50c fa .", cy taffeta ribbon, %■ to 11,4 inches
wasn veiling °' M - wlde «, in solid colors with striped
gloves .■ edges, plaids, cords and embroidery
ladies 2-clasp "H. B." kid gloves. ! eff « cts ; aqd a large variety of checks
three-row embroidered backs; a :and stripes; one of the best values
guaranteed glove for SRI lt has been our lot to purchase;
3-clasp Jouvin gloves, best French > ai(l 7 1 -lie
kid in new fall shades and stitch- ,„,„„ yards new aUallk hMvy
4 hiitVon* Jouvin "same' nual'itv' as quallty satin and S ros -S r ain ribbon,
the 2 cla"n- in black brown tans in H e ht and s s ta P le col «^; among the
reds lav blue green and wK"e : new ribbons is a lot °* new plaid and
fiJo« X s cio-: cord effects and Persian stripes; 3%
sizes 5& to 8 •> 1 — °;inches wide, at 35c yard
children's aprons
children's white lawn aprons, fancy-stripe taffeta ribbon with
square yoke, trimmed with embroid- satin cd * : 4 * inches wide...4sc yd
cry insertion and ruffle; edged with I
narrow lace; ages 3to 10 I**™— - flannelette Skirts
.. .....^. ......... ...... ... ladies* flannelette skirts, good,
hosiery Special heavy quality, pink and blue striped
100 dozen children's heavy fast- patterns,- 4^-inch ruffle at bo.ttorri,
black, bicycle-ribbed, cotton hose, j trimmed with narrow torchon lace,
double heels, knees and toes; sizes 2%-inch muslin band with draw
6 to 10 14c pair string ; 30c each
corsets JB/'^l*'* "^^ perfumery
the kind that J^^^LpOoa Good*^ for the
never breaks. g35) 937> 939> g4^ g43i g4s> g47 handkerchief
Market Street.
■Hllli
lillsSiSsss
volunteer Bervice appointed fr " n ?,,.°' % . n
life G.nerals Bhafter, Wilson and Wheel
„ .„ about the tame age, nearij ,
T^rs." and 'objection to the furthe-i -^
vice of one on account of a^e would
hold equally well against others
General Corbin says there is no doubt i
that Shifter will remain in the volunteer,
service Attorney General Griggß is au
thority for the fact that nothinp in the
statutes regulates the age of retirement
Of AS^offlcerfo r8 an rank admit that |
Shafte'r's post is one of the most deslr
able to be had. and with the campaign
toLns on in the Philippines, places the
commander of the Department of Cali
fornia in an enviable position.
SIXTY-FOUR CASES OF
FEVER IN KEY WEST
Indications That Yellow Jack Is
Spreading, According to a Report
From Surgeon-General.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7.— Telegrams to
the surgeon general of the Marino Hospi
tal Bervice from Surgeon General Carter
at Key West Btate that up to last night
the American physicians reported sixty
four cases of yellow fever at that point.
He estimated that the Cuban physicians
were in attendance upon from one-third
to half as many more cases, but no report
had been made of thorn, and it would be
Impossible to give accurate figures.
Dr Carter expressed the opinion that
Dr Mrl'.anahan of the Navy Department,
who is ill with fever, will recover.
A message to the surgeon general from
Miami states that the one case reported
from that point has been isolated.
TRIED TO HANG HIMSELF.
Owpn McKenna, a coal and wood dealer
at 1024 Clay street, attempted to strangle
himself with a rope attached to a beam In
his stable yesterday morning and very
nearly succeeded. He had been drinking
heavily and that made him despondent.
He partook of breakfast shortly after
8 o'clock and a few minutes later he was
discovered suspended by the neck. He
was speedily cut down and sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital in the ambulance. The
doctors worked on him until they suc
ceeded in getting him apparently out of
danger, but during the afternoon he was
suffocating through the windpipe being
Hales.
fractured and an operation had to be
performed to relieve him. He will prob
ably recover.
Mi-Kenna has a wife and six children,
the eldest only & years of ape. His wife
about two years apo had the misfortune
to lose her left hand.
Spanish in Six Weeks.
Not the whole Spanish language, of
course— just the practical, working know
j led^e of the essentials of it that every
body v--ants. Free lectures Illustrating the
method, by Prof. W. F. Hail, at Y. M C.
A., Saturday, S-;.t. '.<. -};::' and i p. m. *
'- ADVERTISEMENTS.
LAST CALL
Ats|
GOING UP MIDNIGHT
Of SATURDAY, September 9th,
to 51.40 share. All applications
I received up to that time will be
filled at the $1.00 price. Mail or-
ders bearing postmarK of midnight
or earlier included. I
PROSPECTUS FREE. !
BIG PANOCHE OIL CO.,
4th FLOOR ADAMS BUILDING, \
1 206 KEARNY STREET.
p BAN FRANCISCO. •
3 Open Thursday, Friday and Satur-
g day evenings.
With
Every Pound
Good Tea
Big Presents Free
At
Great American Importing: Tea Co's
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
j^< Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/JMSrJlSSttiijV £15% GEARY ST.. beC
l&s£&***ezxJ*&^ Hyde and Larkln.
fi^r^'^SSg^^CSJ I'aiUicas fc-iirucuon..
(T> ~*^f~\ Cro"ns~*."".*.'.'.*.".»a.UU
Vif. f X a±*f » li>-' Flesh-colored Plate*..
TVai I :*l; T '■*"^ *."..()<»
rnntinnous Gum Plates (no bad Joint*) our
•Jeclalty tUva received TEN lint prizes for
?£'• branch of dentistry. No student*. U
year*' *xp«rl«no«. . :
J <fc. *A tt> '<f> t> **^ >^ t^^ fc - j *> •*% 8
jvisir DR JORDAN great, i
OF ANATOMY*
i fvs 1O ' : MA2SE * ST - te '- 6**7*. S.F.CiI. ( I
y H^ The I - < " st Anatomical Museum in the
k ~B___ World, pe»Hi»«-ly cured by the oldest 1 I
7 RM discasr peiiti»«-ly cured hy the oldest '
A 25 SIT B SpeualUtcn the Coast. En. 36 years- { I
1 tfflfi DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES #
\ r<S^]>S T Consultation 1 '" and strictly private. \
A Bx2v*rn Trf itmcnt personally or by letter. A 4
T 6 yKI • PM -" t ' <> Cure in every case undertaken. V
Am ,/ ll» Write for Book. PBII.OIKIPBV.f 4
0I 11 [Ii M*I»I»IAGI?. MAILED FREE. (AT
X Ji lli valuable book for mi-n) \
I 7 OH. JOBDA.\ A CO., 1051 Market St., R. F. V
3^fc^O> <*>
IMC nviiw LOST VIGOR.
"" '""AND MANHOOD
WM Cure* Impctency Night Emissions and wasting
«Sa3^ 0 diseases, all effects of sell-abuse, or ' excess ani
«S indiscretion. A nerve/tonic aad blood'builderT
r y& 'vir Brings the pink glow to pale 'hecks and re>
b j^w,, 7 stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
gjA^WL box. 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
J^inl^*!?^guarantee to cure or refund the money.
-Vrcita medical Go., CHnten & 3actocn «$. d)la(J9.
B. la. Baldwin & Co., Druggists, 'B Market, S.F*.
lA/. T. HESS,
/ NOTARY PDiJLI'J AND ATrORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckelß Bide
Telephone Brown 331.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco. —