VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 51.
WESTBOUND
OVERLAND
DITCHED
Disastrous WrecK on tb;e
Southern Pacific in
Arizona.
SEVERAL C ARBTORN OVER
— .» — .
ISo One Reported Killed and
!No Passenger Very Seri
ously Injured.
al Dispatch to Th» Call
I OS AXGELES; July 20.-
--; Tlie Southern Pacific •.vest
bound overland passenger
train, which was dve -to arrive
here to-night at 9:20. was ditched
to-day at a point near Sentinel.
Arizona.
Only meager detail-; have been
received here, hut it is reported
that the mail car and several
coaches toppletJ over. Ihe wreck
was caused by a washout, heavy
-. **
storms having prevailed in Ari
zona during the past twenty-four
hours.
As tar as could be learned no
one was killed or very seriously
injured. The train will arrive
here some time during to-mor
row forenoon.
The Santa Fe overland (west
bound) is also delayed about fif
teen hours by washouts.
POWERFUL INFLUENCES
TO SHIELD CARTER
Several Large Corporations end
Many Politicians vVcrkirag in
His Behalf.
NEW" YORK. July 20.— A World special'
from Washing-ton says : A secret of great
mystery, involving: the Carter case and
the de=ire of the President to shield the
guilty parties, is directly traceable to the
folio wing interests: The New* York Cen
tra! Railroad, the Pennsylvania Railroad,
Senator T. C. Piatt of New York. Senator
Chaur.cey M. Depew*. Senator "A*. J. Sewa'l
of Nev.- Jersey, former Senator James
f rr.ith of New Jersey. R. F. Westcott. the
millionaire expressman of New" York;
John F. Gayr.cr. tormer treasurer of the
New York State Democratic Committee,
nnd E. D. Greene, a wealthy contractor
of New York.
Not less than twenty of the most prom
ir.cr.t Democratic and Republican Sen
ators and Representatives are directly in
terested in preventing an exposure of the
methods pursued by Captain Carter in his
misappropriation of more than $1,000,000 of
Government funds.
It i* to prevent the civil trial of these
conspirators that such powerful- influence
has been brought to hear to postpone ac
tion. Alsrer's dismissal was a heavy blow
to '"arter.
DEWEY FILES SUiT
FOR HiS PRIZE MONEY
WASHINGTON. July 20.— Admiral
George Dewey to-day filed suit as a
libelant in the District Court of the
District of Columbia, to recover the
prize money due him and the officers
and crew of his fleet for the vessels
sunk in the battle of Manila and the
property subsequently recovered by
the naval force under "nis command.
Upon the ships ar.d equipments,
which have . already been appraised
end inventoried by the Board' cf Ap
praisers appointed by the Secretary of
the Navy, Admiral Dewey demands the
turn of $325,141. and in addition to the
c mount due upon the three cruisers
sunk in the engagement. but subse
quently raised, and upon which he
places the value of §425,000. These ves
sels have yet been appraised. Hon.
Hilary A. Herbert, the former ', Secre
tary of the Navy, appears as the chief
counsel for Admiral Dewey.
VIEW OF THE BEACH AT HILO.
(Photograph by J. J. Williams. Honolulu.)
Toward this beach the lava flow is making lit) -way. The wharf at which small beats from steamers land passengers is at the right of the center. The town proper
lies back in the trees. The population is a -cut 2WO-
The San Francisco Call.
MOKUAWEOWEO'S CRATER
IN ACTIVE OPERATION
FURY OF THE
VOLCANO AGAIN
BREAKS FORTH
— «
| Great Amasses of Lava
I plow Dowq the Moun
tain Sides, Threat
ening Towns.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
GREAT CRATER OF MOKUAWEOWEO.
From a photograph of D. Howard Hitchcock's painting, taken by J. J. Williams of Honolulu. Mr.
Hitchcock is the only man who ever obtained a drawing of the crater on Mauna Loa. No photographer has
ever visited the top of the mountain.
EY HORACE WRIGHT.
y t ONI (LULU. July 13.— To the in-
I j tense delight and substantial
5 I profit of steamship owners and
JL J. hotel keepers, and to the great
.satisfaction of -scientists and
sightseers, proud Pele. Hawaii's fire
goddess, has broken out in a paroxysm
of rage*. and is pouring rivers of molten
lava, miles in length and many yards in
width, down the rolling sides of Mauna
Loa, toward distant Hilo and the sea.
and precipitating hundreds of feet Into
the air fire fountains marvelous in their
grandeur and weirdness of color and
beauty.
The latest reports received yesterday
indicate with .every sign of reliability
that the flow may continue for some
months to come, and be even grander
and more formidable Than the one of
ISSl,. which apDroachtd so closely to the
confines of Hilo, the very progressive
capital of the big is nd of Hawaii.
The excitement of the long-anticipat
ied and oft-prophesied event temporar-
I ily forbids any timid consideration of
j. the damage and disaster which may
: eventually ensue from the eruption.
': That is quite a secondary affair in com-'
\ parison with the present . resultant
benefits to accrue from the marvelous
; attraction offered to Hawaii's visitors.
The American element rejoices, for
Pele has participated in the celebration
of the first. American Fourth. She ex
ploded her royal bomb at a quarter to 4
on the morning of the Fourth, as . a
signal for the fireworks display to com
mence, and in a few seconds afterward
there was a very noisy demonstration
with earth shakes and an immense
rocket in the shape of a large pillar of
fire and smoke sent up from the
Mokuaweoweo section of Mauna Loa.
illuminating the surrounding territory
for many miles.
Mrs. Mary C. Beckley. a prominent
Hawaiian lady, writes as follows to the
publisher of the Independent In a prt-
vate letter under date of July 5. _
"Makuaweoweo is again in activity,
It was first noticed .at fifteen minutes to j
4a. m., on the Fourth of July.. The flrst I
SAIN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY. JULY' 21, 1599.
ISLAND OF HAWAII.
The peak of Maura Loa i? very
close to the center of the largest
of the Hawaiian group, and the
great crater of Mckuaweowep is
or the suitirn't of the mountain.
13,675 feet above sea level. The
heavy black lines show lava flows
from the crater in former erup
tions.
?;0!.C!.0 no *. aSio *. o!*os»ososo«
o 0
»c For the first time since **
£ 1881 the mighty volcano of £•
0 Mauna Loa, on the island of O
§ Hawaii, has broken out its £,
.* subterranean fires from the •*.
S{ great crater on its summit. '~i
*-*> By one or the other of its ,-%
i*s vents this peak has been ac- i*
O tive ever since the first dis- O
** covery of the islands. The S
'. crater of Mokuaweoweo, how- c.
■ O ever, has been quiescent since O
*? the great eruption of 1881, *3
~* -when it sent out a stream of g»
£ lava which stopped almost £>
0 within the town limits of £>
*? Hilo. The crater of Xilauea, •*
*• in the intervening* time, has *;
O served to relieve the dynamic .*
% forces pent up in the moon- fy
•' tains, but Kilauea, too, has o
fit been quiet for several years •*
Q past, although never cold. 2
•' Now the forces have broken £
r, out, and no man may say *"•
<-*> where the titanic display will O
i* stop. The indications are that t"
O the lava streams running £?
£ down the sides of Mauna Loa Q
2» to the sea will do incalculable 0
f> damage ' before the eruption *"!
0 exhausts its strength. 8
SS Q
©%o\o\o \o %o_ o s 0%0%0%0.**0«
'we knew of it was through the Chinese
cock, who heard a noise like a bomb,
and in few minutes there was a errand
and terrible explosion. Manager Wal
drin Immediately aroused all the guests
and we, the fortunate ones, saw the
grandest sight of our lives. It cannot
be seen from Hilo, and those there
somewhat doubt that It is active, it has
{-,<:?„ reported so often, but it is too true
! this time. A gentleman. Mr. Paty, of
j long residence here, who visited the vol
! cano of 1896. says it looks, as if it would
j follow the trail of 1851. when it had
two trails, one to the Kau side and the j
other to Hilo. The flow has left the .
GREAT SHEETS
OF FLAME AND
SMOKE ASCEND
After Slumbering Sev
eral Years the
f-lngerof Pele Is
groused.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
crater and has extended to where it al
ways breaks its course. This (Wednes
day) morning the trail is flowing very
rapidly and two fountains on either side
are spouting fire to the height of from
SOO t,o JOOO feet. It is a gran<V glorious
and bewildering sight. The- Hotel is full
of guests and. a great many of them
did not retire all through the night.
They seemed fascinated watching the
fires, and the hours passed so swiftly
that daybreak stole on before it was
expected, and then nothing could be
seen, for the mist and fog and sunlight
hid the glories from us. The plow was
magnificent, and could be seen for
many miles around on the Kau side.
The weather is very cold and sharp
sin.-.- the outbreak. Halemaumau has
not so much smoke at ' present since
Mokuaweoweo has broken out."
The Kinau arri\>- : :':day, the
£th !nst.. with sume further details
which tend {•> prove that tho flow Is,
very el be a long- and probably
a dis Full detail? cannot
be expected until next week, <>\vlncr to
the twenty-five miles t" be covered be
fore reaching the besl s\
outflow, but I select* from si
counts sent to me. A friend in Hilo
writes:
"The all-absorbing topic in and
around Hilo is the breaking out of
Mokuaweoweo on the summit of
Mauna Loa. Early Tuesday m<.ming
Mr. Waldron of the Volcano House
telephoned to some of his Hilo friends
that th<- crater was again active, and
before long numbers of people left
their beds to walk to thi> bridge over
thi- Wailuku 1 Iver to see the n
tion. The sky was very clear and the
"ii was very brilliant. At about
4 o'clock the clouds Ix^gan to pat her
over the mountains, thus spreading the
reflection so thai in North Hilo
and Hamakua about b
daybr ight that Hil«. was in
flames. On clear niphts the ?iare is
plainly visible In Hilo. and by n
of a telepr>opf> grreat fountains of fire
can be seen playing in the air. It was !
rumored that three distinct flows of
Continued on Second Page.
ROOSEVELT
BOOMED FOR
ALGER'S PLACE
President Is iQcliQed to
Have a Lawyer'
Secretary.
ELIHU EOoTtHE IAN
■ — — ♦ — -
Will Solve Legal Problems
While Genera! Miles Car
ries On the War.
Special Pi?patrh to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS.
WELLINGTON HOTEL,
WASHINGTON, July 20.-—
"New York is entitled to recog-
nition. The War Department, by
reason of the many legal ques
tions which will come up in con
nection with our new dependen
cies, should have at its head one
of the best available lawyers in
the country."
President McKinley has made this
statement so many times of late that
it has come tc being accepted in all
quarters here as definitely settled that
a lawyer, rather than a soldier, is to be
placed at the head of the War De- .
partment. Of the available New York
lawyers, the President has spoken of
Elihu Root to several friends to-day in
a manner which indicates that he is be
ins more strongly considered in con
nection with the War Department port
folio at the present time than any other
man. At the same time, the President
has declared that he has not fully
mad*- up his mind and thai he will not
do so for several days. He has assumed
a listening attitude. He wants to hear
what the country has to say about
various men who ay be suggested as
available timber, and to consult with
| the arty leaders before reaching a de
cision.
It was reported here to-day that
Governor Roosevelt nd Senator Piatt
have indicated General F. V. Greene
of New Fork as* their soldier candidate,
and Mr. Root as .their, first choic**
among New York lawyers. Since the
President has declared that the matter
is still open, there is an earnest wish
among many public men here that he
will finally recognize the necessity of
having a man of quick and vigorous
action at the head of the War Depart- j
ment, and will meet the country's de- !
mand for the appointment cf Governor
Roosevelt. They fear, however, that
he is so wedded to the idea of having
a lawyer instead of a soldier as his
War Secretary that it will be impos
sible to change his opinion upon this
point.
In further explanation of his desire i
to have a trained lawyer, Mr. McKinley !
stated to-day that the War Depart- I
ment would for the next- two or three!
years be the most important legal |
branch of the Government. Questions i
of policy in regard to the new civil
governments for the colonies will have
to be considered and plans outlined for 1
Congressional legislation. There are
also many important legal questions in
connection with river and harbor im
provements which always require the
attention of a good legal mind.
As to the conduct of the war.
the President feels that he already
has that ' subject well in hand.
The new provisional army Is rapidly
organizing. and the plan of campaign
for the- fall is pretty well defined. With
the assistance of Adjutant General
Corbin and General Miles, who is to
be the new factor ln the future mili
tary work of the War Department,
now that the disturbing element has
been removed, the President feels that
he, as commander in chief of the army,
will be able to carry the Philippine
war to a successful conclusion, leaving
the new Secretary of "War free for the
administrative and legal work of the
Department.
Secretary Alger will probably leave
Washington early next week, severing
his official connection with the War
Department on Monday, when he ex
pects to turn over his office to Assist
ant Secretary Meiklejohn, who will
reach here on Saturday, and act as
Secretary of War until a permanent
secretary assumes the office. Secre
tary Alger will spend the remaining
days of his service in closing up a
number of matter with which he is es
pecially familiar, including some knot
ty bridge and engineering projects. He
maintained silence' to-day respecting
his resignation and the causes which
led to its tender, and it is understood
that if he takes the public at all into
his confidence, ' it will not be until he
is entirely out of office.
OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE.
Alger's Letter to the President and
the E-sply of McKinley. "
WASHINGTON. July 20.— The following
is Secretary Alger's letter of resignation
and the President's reply to it:
V- - : WASHINGTON*. July 19, llSS**.
Sir: I beg to tender you my resignation of
the office of Secretary of War, to take effect
at such time ln the near future a? you may
decide the affairs of this department will per
mit. ' tf ytftf
.In terminating ray official connection with
your administration. I wirh lor your continued
health and the highest measure of success in
carrying cut the great work entrusted to ycu.
I "have the honor to be,', very respectfully,
your obedient servant, R. A. ALGER.
To the President. tf:;tftf;.
Th. President replied:
EXECUTIVE MANSION, July 10, ISS9.
Hon R. A. Alger, Secretary of War: Your
resignation of the of flee of Secretary ot War,
under elate of July 19. is accepted, t.i take effect
the first of August. IS9*.
In thus severing the official relation which
has continued for more than two years. I de
i «ire to thank you for the faithful service you
have rendered the country at a most exacting
period, and to wish you a long and happy life.
With assurances of high regard and esteem,
I am. yours sincerely.
WILLIAM Mckinley.
NEW YORK STRIKERS
BATTLE WITH POLICE
Men Attempt to Wreck a Car
on Eighth Avenue, but
Are Prevented,
Officials of the Companies in Brooklyn and
Manhattan Claim to Have Control
of the Situation.
NEW YORK, July 20. -A marvel- 1
ous change has come over the
strike aspect from one end of j
Second avenue to the other. j
There was promise too. by Gen- j
eral Master Workman Parsons of a
complete tie-up of the trolley lines in j
Manhattan, with its consequent in
spiring effect upon the Brooklyn strik- J
ers. A general tie-up has not come by I
any means in New York. There was j
little or no rioting on Second avenue
to-day or to-night. The cars on that j
line ran throughout the day almost as j
they had run previous to the strike.
The Eighth avenue, which the strike
officials last night promised would be j
dead to-day, was moving right on time j
with only a hitch now and then, far j
up in Harlem, where a few roughs had
a clear field to run.
There is no strike on the Madison
avenue line, a scheduled meeting of the
car men of that line have fizzled out
to-night. Practically no trolley line in
New York City is affected save the
Second avenue.
A crowd of striking motormen of the
Eighth avenue line late this afternoon
attempted to wreck a car at One Hun
dred and Thirtieth street and Eighth
avenue, after driving the motorrnan
from the "platform. An Immense crowd
gathered and a bicycle policeman went
to the rescue. Other policemen arriv
ed about the same time. They broke
through the crowd and attacked the
strikers, arresting several of them. A
great crowd followed, jeering and
threatening the policemen, but were
driven off by the policemen who came
to the assistance of the roundsman and
IN BATTLE WITH STRIKERS.
H H Vreeland is president of the Metropolitan Street Railway Company
and Clinton L. Rossiter of the Brooklyn Transit Company.
his patrolmen along the way. The dis
abled car was nushed along to the
car barns and laid up for repairs.
The cars on the Eighth-avenue line
moved along with perfect regularity
after dark to-night.
In Brooklyn the Rapid Transit Com
pany put on several hundred new men
or have them ready, for duty, and in a
general way the cars on the affected
lines in that borough ran on good time
with what seemed to be a fair increase
in passenger traffic.
The strike, according to a statement
made by President Rossiter, has so far
cost the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Com
pany $55,000, or an average of $11,000 a
day, since it was started last Sunday
morning. About 90 per cent of the cars
ran regularly to-day on the main lines
and a little over 55 per cent on the
Nassau system. The De Kalb avenue
cars as well as the "L" roads are
carrying the greater part of the traffic
between Brooklyn and Manhattan.
A few cars were run under very slow
headway on. Many avenue, but they
were taken off at night. Cars were not
run on the Ocean avenue, Hicks street
and Graham avenue lines, And until
matters are settled cars will not be
run at night on the Fifth and Seventh
avenue, Flatbush and Green Point
lines although several cars were run
ning to-day under slow headway.
About 500 men have been taken on by
the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company.
They came from Chicago, Philadelphia
and Boston. • About 800 more men are
required for the full complement of
cars, the company requiring, when run
ing full strength, 1597 cars and 3194
men..;,;^
Great difficulty is being experienced
by the company in repairing trolley
wires that have been cut. Gangs .of
linemen have been sent out surrounded
by mounted police and followed . by
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
patrol wagons filled with policemen.
No resistance is possible.
RIOTOUS STRIKERS HOLD
STREETS OF CLEVELAND
CLEVELAND, July 20. — Several
small riots occurred to-day. A crowd
of 300 attacked a car in South Brook
lyn, where the track had been ob
structed. The conductor with a re
volver held the mob at bay while the
motorrnan removed the obstruction,
and the car proceeded. Another car
was stoned at the same place later.
Another mob attacked a car near the
Petrie-street bridge. The windows were
smashed, but nobody was hurt.
About 9 o'clock -night a dynamite
cartridge was exploded under the
wheels of a Euclid-avenue car at Erie
and Prospect streets. The wheels of
the car were destroyed by the explo
sion, and one woman, a passen
ger, fainted, but nobody was in
jured. There was no crowd in the vi
cinity, nor was anybody seen to place
the cartridge. Earlier in the evening
a mob attacked a crosstown car on
Wilson avenue near the corner of Lex
ington avenue. Stones were thrown,
and the non-union conductor and mo
torman fired several shots at the crowd
irom their revolvers. It is stated that
_l -nan was shot through the wrist,
but the police deny this.
About the same time all the avail
able police on duty in the downtown
districts were called to the Humboldt
street -viaduct, on the Broadway line.
where a riot was in progress. A crowd
of 1000 men and boys were engaged in
piling obstructions on the track 3.
Ropes were -thrown over the trolley
wires in the attempt to pull them
down. Only one policeman was on duty
at the viaduct. He was stoned and
driven from the scene, and a girl was
hit with a stone and seriously hurt.
Three patrol wagon loads of police re
sponded to the call, and the mob was
dispersed. It is feared that more dam
age will be done before morning. The
company is getting new men daily. Be
tween fifty and seventy-five men ar
rived from Chicago and St. Louis.
These men are boarded at the barns.
GERMANS PLEASED WITH
SAMOAN SITUATION
Her Influence With the Natives 13
Said to Be Stronger Than
Ever.
BERLIN. July 20.— The Cologne Ga
zette's Apia correspondent cables that the
Germans there are highly pleased over
the successes achieved by Baron Speck
yon Sternberg, the German member of the
Samoan commission, against the opposi
tion of the commissioner of Great Britain,
Mr. Elliott. The German commissioner,
the dispatch adds, yielded to the demand
of the United States Commissioner. Bart
lett Tripp, for the confirmation of Chief
Justice Chambers' decision merely as a
matter of form and- in order to preserve
the valuable American friendship.
Germany's influence with the natives,
according to the Cologne Gazette's dis
patch, is stronger than ever. It added
that the Samoans demand special privi
leges for Mataafa.
Frominent Hawaiian Daad.
HONOLULU. July Another very
prominent Hawaiian of the old school has
passed away in the person of Hon. S. K.
lupihea, who died on Sunday last aged 65.
after a prolonged illness. The deceased
was famed for his courteous hospitality
and had held many offices under the
crown, including those of Judge, Tax Col
lector and Assessor. He was a member of
the Legislature at several sessions.2
CALIFORNIA BOYS
ARE STORMBOUND
The Weather Is Moder
ating? Slightly.
— ♦- —
HOPES FOR AN EARLY START
NO MATERIAL INCREASE IN
SICKNESS REPORTED.
♦- —
Small Gunboats Do Good Service.
Lieut. Moore of the lowa Regiment
Committed Suicide While Tem
porarily Insane.
Precial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— The follow
ing dispatch has been received at the
War Department:
'•Manila. July 20. Adjutant General,
Washington: Storms are still prevail
ing, but the barometer is rising, indi
cating Improving weather conditions.
The average rainfall in July for sev
eral years past has been 14"-i inches; for
twenty days of July now closed it has
been 41 inches. The country is flooded.
Troops on outposts have suffered, and
former lines of communication are cut
in some instances. No material in
crease in sickness is reported. Tele
graphic communication is milntalned
with San Fernando, Bacor and nearly
all other points. Have been unable yet
to coal the returning transports.
"OTIS. '
Captain Parker, who succeeded Ad
miral Dewey in command at Manila,
writes to the Navy Department, und"*r
date of June 6, expressing satisfaction
at the cordial co-operati -n of the army
and navy in putting in service the
small gunboats bought by the army to
use in the rivers and bayous during the
military movements.
. Commander Sperry of the Yorktown
reported to Captain Parker from Hollo
that the army gunboat Al'oay had been
supplied with officers and crew. Ensign
W. H. Stanley being in command; This
was done with some difficulty, owing
to the lack of men since the capture of
Captain Gilmore's party at Baler. The
commanding officer supplied an army
detail of rive men. Commander Sperry
says the Yorktown needs more men.
and he adds the following as to a con
templated expedition:
"General Smith has return* from
Negros, and he agrees with me that
the service of I he Albay will be of the
greattst possible value in stopping rebel
traffic between Cebu; Pan ay and Ne
gros, and in breaking up the gang"" of
insurgent marauders who are infesting
the coast.
"My intention is to send the Alhay
cut to-morrow for a cruise of a week,
nit-re or less."
MANILA, July 20.— Lieutenant J.
Mcore of the lowa regiment .-hot him
self to-day while temporarily Insane,
The steamship Saturnus has returned
from Aparri, and reports that Aguin
aldo. bearing that the inhab'tatit^ were
prepared to welcome the Americans if
they came, concentrated 2000 troops
there, ana fortified the town 'and coast
approaches strongly.
SHARP BATTLE WITH
BABAYLONES ON PANAY
Detachment of the Sixteenth Infan
try Surprised Near
Bobong*.
MANILA, July 21, 11:15 a. m— News
has been received here from General
Smith, at Hollo, island of Panay, of a
severe fight on Wednesday at Bobong,
between Captain Byrne of the Six
teenth Infantry, with seventy men,
and a for..- 0f' 450 Babaylones, who
surprised, the American troops. One
hundred and fifteen of the enemy were
killed, as was shown by actual count,
many were wounded and one was tak
en prisoner. The American loss was
one man killed and one wounded.
The fighting was mostly at close
quarters with bayonets and clubbed
guns. A considerable stock of supplies
and arms has been captured by Cap
tain Byrne,. is in command of the
battalion operating at La Carlota, in
the district of Negros.
ADMIRAL DEWEY IS
WELCOMED AT TRIESTE
Hero of Manila Bay Says He Is In
Good Health and Will Not Go to
the Bohemian Springs.
Special Cable to The '"all and the New York
B Herald, Copyrighted, 189&, by James Gor
don Bennett.
TRIESTE, July 20— When the Olym
pla was within distance to-day the
regulation salute of twenty-one guns
was fired and answered by the forts
and the Austrian warship Pelican. The
American colors were displayed over j
the Hotel de la Vllle and the American
Consulate. Salutes were also fired as
the American Minister and party and i
other official callers, including foreign j
Consuls and the general commanding I
the district, left the ship.
Admiral Dewey was dressed in a 1
white duck uniform with an admiral's i
shoulder straps and the peak on .his I
cap heavily embroidered with gold
I boarded the Olympia. He said to me
as we walked the deck together: "I
really came here In order to give the j
men a chance to recuperate and to go
on shore. We shall touch, after leaving
here, at Naples, Leghorn, Gibraltar and
Madeira.
"My health Is very good," he said ln
answer to my query, and pointing to
the hills, added: "I think 1 shall get
among them."
"Then you are not going into the in
terior of the Bohemian springs?" I
asked, and he shook his head. The ad
miral had. in fact, the bronzed look of ;
perfect health.
. Dr. 11. T. Percy of the Olympla smiled j
at the rumor about the admiral's ill
health and said, "He is quite well and !
will not go to Carlsbad."
Admiral Dewey continued, "I am very
careful about my diet and have de- !
clined all invitations to banquets on I
that account." •,
LONDON, July 21.— Trieste cor
respondent of the Daily Mail telegraphs
that Admiral Dewey, in the course of ;
a conversation with the correspondent,
declared that he had small claim to be |
regarded as a hero, as nervousness and j
bad coffee made him dreadfully seasick |
before the battle of Manila began. The
correspondent also said that Admiral j
Dewey will return to America shortly j
via Bremen in a mail steamer.
»
Sensational Indictments. j
NOGA.LES. Ariz., July 20.— Grand I
Jury of Santa Cruz County, Arizona, ;
created a sensation by its final report, j
filed in the District Court to-day. Tho I
Jury found two indictments against Allen
T. Bird, editor of the Oasis, for libeling
the Supervisors and filed two scathing ar
raignments against W. P. Harlow, Dis
trict Attorney, for kidnaping and mal
feasance in Office. Harlow ordered a dep
uty Sheriff to arrest four citizens of No
gales and force them across the line into
Mexico, where they were taken and im
mediately shot by the authorities of that
republic without a trial. This rash act
brings up an international question and
has created Indignation on both sides of
the line. The parties Indicted are those
who secured the removal of Collector of
Customs Chenoweth, and the labors of
the Grand Jury may reopen his case at
Washington. • -•--•■ -'•-;;•-** - • -,-
PHELAN A GUEST
AT CAMP FALLON
Regiment Turns Out in Force and Gives
Him a Hearty Welcome.
The Beys at Camp Fallon Have Fun.
-.--•",--- -:>'"* . ■ . -'••.* *>-'i*V -
._^__-^w__'t^_^-<^-*-^>-♦-.:.-♦-..^-^-<^-♦---^♦-''*>-♦-^-^--^-♦-■*>-• ♦—«>-♦-»-.-♦-:>> -♦-^
CALL HEADQUARTERS, CAMP
FALLON". SANTA CRUZ, July C".
Mayor Phelan arrived in Santa Cruz
at 6:05 this evening, and as the train
pulled into the station he was greeted by
the entire regiment with upraised swords.
As he stepped down from the platform
Colonel Sullivan grasped him heartily by
the and and escorted him to his car
riage, which stood in the line Just behind
the colors.
On his entrance to the mess tent at
the dinner hour, the Mayor was greeted
with loud cheers by both officers and pri
vates, In answer to the tumultuous cries
for a speech, he mounted a bench and
made a few appropriate remarks, con
cluding with an invitation to the cadets
to be his guests at his country home to
morrow.
At the dinner table the boys accepted
the "Mayor as one of their own number,
and hardly had the first course been
served when the somewhat impertinent
query. "How do you like the stew,
Jimmy?" came in a noisy chorus from
one end of the table, while whatever re
ply, his Honor might have made was
drowned in a tumult of boyish laughter.
This informal reception startled him for
a moment, but he fell into the spirit of
the occasion, and his genial smile told
that whatever his opinion of camp Stew
might- be, he was in hearty accord with
the temperament of his hosts.
This evening the regiment lined up for
dress parade in front of the St. George
Hotel. .The street was crowded with spec
tators and every vantage point about the
hotel from the veranda to the roof was
taken. As the boys countermarched In
front of the reviewing stand a burst of
applause from the hundreds of onlookers
almost drowned the noise, clatter of
drums and the blare of the bugles. After
the parade had been dismissed, the band
MOKUAWEDWEO'S
CRATER IN ACTIVE
OPERATION
Continued from First Page.
molten lava were Issuing from the
sides of the crater, one of which is
down the Kau siCe and another toward
Hilo over the old flow of 1881 which
reached Waiakea, and which the legend
states was stopped by Princess Ruth
and her Bible. This, however, is mere
conjecture, for up to the present writ
ing no news from the crater itself has
reached Hilo. Still from Hilo a lava
flow is plainly visible, but which direc
tion it will take when it reaches the
tableland between the two mountains
remains to be seen. Early on Wednes
day morning many of the Hilo leisure
class left for the Volcano House, and
expeditions to the crater are being
formed in Hilo."
Another account is taken from the
Hllo Tribune, which says: "The erup
tion was first noticed at the Volcano
House, when early on the morning of
July 4 Mr. Waldron and the guests of
the hotel were wakened by an explosion
and on making their way to the ver
anda witnessed one of the grandest and
most elaborate displays of Pele's dis
pleasure ever yet seen. The outbreak
occurred on the side of Mauna Loa at
an elevation of about 10,000 feet and in
about the same place as where issued
the flow of 1880-81. Two immense
fountains of lava were forced in the air
to an elevation of many hundred feet,
and from these and the constant over
flow from the mountain were rapidly
formed the three lava flows which are
now steadily,, making their way down
the mountain side and toward the sea.
"These streams of lava- have each
taken different directions, and the
rapidity of their movements is de
pendent on the obstructions and de
pressions of the country through which
they pass. The smaller -flow is in the
direction of Kllauea, and is about
twenty miles distant from the hotel
(Volcano House.) What is apparently
the second flow ln size on the Hllo
side, as nearly •as can be estimated,
will take about the same course as the
Wailuku River. The third flow, which
has taken its way toward the Kau side
is, to all appearances, the largest lava
flow yet witnessed on the Island, and
seems to be making rapid progress in
its path of destruction. As yet sufficient
time has not elapsed to obtain correct
measurements and speed of these dif
ferent flows, but men have been sent to
the scene of activity by Julian Mont
sarrat and W. H. Shipman, and will
probably be returning within the next
two or three days. The erruption
shows no signs Of abatement and the
THE SAX PITAS CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1899.
returned to the hotel and gave a concert,
which was heartily appreciated by all
who were fortunate enough to be pres
ent. ' -. \
Santa Cruz society and the elite from
surrounding towns was well represented
at the grand ball and reception tendered
the League of the Cross Cadets by the
Young Ladies' Institute of this city last
evening, In the language of an old resi
dent. It was the "swellest" function given
in the city by the sea In years. From 9
o'clock, when the grand march was in
augurated, until midnight the hall was a
scene of color. Excellent music and a
good floor made dancing a pleasure, and
judging by the happy -Repressions on the
faces of those present everybody had a
delightful time.
Captain P. L. Bannon was officer of the
day: Lieutenant L. A. McCrystle, officer
of the guard, and Lieutenant T. Branson,
supernumerary officer.
Supervisor Deasy and ex-State Senator
J. C. Gorman were spectators at the
skirmish drill this morning. The charge
proved a little too realistic as two mem
bers of the first and second battalions
were cut by sabers, one under the eye
and the other on the hand. The injuries
were slight and were immediately dressed
by Drs. Morrisey and Sullivan. Company
A claims to- have won to-day's charge,
one of Its men being the first to make an
imprint on the fence with a sword. The
rlvalrv between the companies to reach
the fence first was extremely keen and
the victory of Captain Hopper's company
was only won by a narrow margin.
Captain Hopper, Lieutenant Steele and
Father Dempsey drove to Capitola yester
day. They were accompanied by the band
and on the arrival of the party the mu
sicians entertained the guests at the hotel
with music. Through the courtesy of
Manager Smith the musicians and visitors
went In swimming and later were the
guests of the hotel at luncheon. After
eating music was resumed in the dance
hall and the summer boarders tripped the
light fantastic. -
After "the reception tendered by the !
1 sight by night and the early morning
hours is one of unusual grandeur and
brilliancy. At the Volcano House,
which is probably some twenty-five
! miles from the outbreak, lights are not
j required throughout the night, and the
I country for many miles around the
, mountain is brilliantly illuminated."
The steamer Upolu arrived from Ha
waii yesterday and brought a letter
! from Sheriff Andrews of Hilo to At
' torney General Cooper, dated July 10,
j from which the following extracts are
taken:
"The lava from the. eruption near the
summit of Mauna Loa continues to flow
with apparently undiminished force.
As far as we can" learn, and we are
taking particular pains to inform our
selves of everything in connection with
the flow, It is still uncertain what
I course the flow will take. It may go
1 to Kau, Olaa, Hilo, by way of the 1881
flow, or Kiholo, by way of the 1859 flow.
i If it takes the first or last of these
courses, it will of course mean little or
no damage to Hilo. Past history shows
: that flows from near the summit are
both large and long; for instance, the
; flow of 1881. tftftf
"Later— l have just learned by tele
! phone from a police officer at Waimea
S that the flow has reached a point near
; or below Kalaeeha hills, the main sta-
I tion of the Humuula sheep station.
1 This information was gleaned by the
| police officer from a native who had
I just come down from the. place, and is
no doubt authentic. If this is the case,
the course must be direct to Hllo, and
not Kiholo. The easiest route to the
scene of action is by way of Waimea,
taking from there the wagon road to
Kalaeeha." *. •
Circuit Judge Gardner K. Wilder of
Hllo indorses the letter.
The Upolu also brought the news that
there had been another outbreak on
! the Kona side of Mauna Loa at about
i the same altitude as the ones on the
Hilo side.
It may here be said for the informa
tion of those not familiar with Hawai
ian topography that Mokuaweoweo is
the summit crater of Mauna Loa, on
the island of Hawaii. Its technical di
mensions are: Area, 3.70 square miles,
or 2370 acres; its circumference. 50.000
feet, or 9.47 miles; its length. 19.500 feet,
or 3.7 miles; its width, 9200 feet, or 1.74
miles, and its elevation, 13,675 feet
above sea level.
Kilauea, the largest active volcano in
the world, is also on the same island
of Hawaii. Its dimensions are: Area,
4.14 square miles; circumference, 7.85
miles; extreme width. 10,300 feet; ex
treme length, 15.500 feet, and elevation
at the Volcano House, 4040 feet.
It may be interesting to those cu
rious in the legendary lore of a people
to know that Hawaii is rich in tradi
tions in regard to Pele and her sisters.
I will give one which depicts her dou
ble character. In the ancient days, be
fore the arrival of the good mission
aries, whenever Pele desired to give
preliminary notice of a display of fire
works at either of her three homesteads
of Mokuaweoweo, Haleakala or Kl
lauea, she invariably presented herself
upon this earthly paradise as a female
of most fascinating beauty. Having
captured her adoring swain, she led
him in wreaths of spiral clouds to the
crater's mouth. He vanished there and
she, transformed into an indescribably
hideous hag. disrobed in the. first pillar
of fire that rushed to the heavens with
a noise as discordant as a broadside
from the Olympla' guns.
ladies of Santa Cruz the "Giants" and
the "Rough Riders" participated In an
Indian war dance. High Chief Fogarty
donned his war paint for the occasion;
"Bum" Greichen. alias "General Luna" of
the Philippines, and Second Chief Ring
wood were also in evidence. I .ast night
the "Giants," consisting of Generals Fo
garty and Fogarty, "Bum" Greichen,
"Sleepy" Salter and "Tucker" Salter,
went out for a stroll and when they came
In after taps they Were put tn the guard
house.
Father Cullen bought a wagon load of
watermelons for Company D. The , rev
erend gentleman did not think doctors
had enough work to do so he bought the
fruit.
Rev. Father Lynn of Los -tf Angeles
visited camp this afternoon and had
luncheon with the officers. The following
ladies also attended the noon meal: Mrs.
and Miss Dougherty of San Jose; the
Misses Kate and Pauline Ivancovitz of
San Francisco; Miss Cooney of Santa
Cruz and Miss Sullivan.
Captain J. Wesplear. Lieutenant Hack
enbrook and Lieutenant T. J. Curtain of
Company O arrived last night and are
now with their company. To celebrate
their coming the company went to Capi
tola.
SANTA CRUZ BEATEN.
The Cadets Win the Ball Game in a
Walk.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. CAMP FAL
LON, SANTA CRUZ, July Santa Cruz
lost the ball game to the Cadets by list
less playing. There was a good crowd at
the game and the experts were disap
pointed at the local team's poor showing.
Balsz pitched balls that came sailing up
to the plate as big as- balloons, and he was
a-ceordfngly unmercifully slugged. Dever
eaux retired him in the third and pitched
himself, but was also hit haru. The Cadet
battery did excellent work. The score
was 14 to 15 In favor of the Cadets.
CLOSE CALL FOR
THE SOUTH COAST
Goes Ashore in the Fog
at Hueneme.
— —
CAPTAIN OLSEN EXONERATED
— »
EXCELLENT DISCIPLINE OF THE
ENTIRE CREW.
» — _
The Spit on Which She Struck Is Not
X Marked on the Chart and Has
Long Been a Menace
to Vessels.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HUENEME, Cal., July 20.— Fate has
indeed been kind to the steam schoon
er South Coast, which went ashore
here in a dense fog this morning, for
! this, coupled with the facts of the
j wonderful coolness displayed by her
1 captain and the splendid discipline of
1 his crew in executing orders, brought
the vessel safely out. of a most dan
gerous predicament at 3 o'clock this
I afternoon. The steamer is now moor
ed at the wharf and the discharging
of her cargo of lumber well under way.
no damage whatever having resulted
from her close call.
Captain Arthur Olsen was In com
mand of the South Coast and this was
his flrst run to this port. Shipping
j men here are unanimous in exonerat
i ing Captain Olsen from all blame. The
; spit upon which the vessel ran does not
j appear on the chart and has long been
a menace to navigators, and scarcely
a week passes during the foggy sea
son here without one or more vessels
having a close call. About a month
ago the big collier San Mateo narrowly
averted running ashore and narrower
still was the margin in the case of the
Japanese war steamer Hlyel, en route
to San Diego a few weeks ago.
Some yety-'s ago the schooner p"liza
Miller struck on the same spit. Peo
: pie who have shipping interests here
have long been demanding a fog whis
tle at Point Hueneme, but to no avail,
fir.d it is merely a question of lime
when some disastrous wreck will occur
to vouchsafe its necessity.
Newspaper Changes Hands.
VISALIA, July 20.— newspaper change
of considerable Importance occurred in
this city to-day, when George V. Stewart
sold his half interest in the Delta Pub
lishing Company to Alonzo Melville Doty.
By this deal Mr. Doty becomes the sole
owner of the Dally and Weekly Delta.
This plant and business is valued at ?16.
--000. Mr. Stewart has been connected with
the Delta since 1876. and Mr. Doty ac
quired an interest in the paper in 1897*.
The Delta was established in 1857. and is
one of the leading Republican journals
of the San Joaquin Valley.
SUICIDE OF A
PRETTY WOMAN
Most Sensational Death
at Honolulu.
♦
EDITH "ALMY" TAKES POISON
— ♦— —
SAID TO HAVE LIVED IN SAN
FRANCISCO.
*
Tragic Sequel of an Illicit Island
Romance in Which a Weil-
Known Business Man of
Hawaii Figures.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, July 13.— 0n the morning
of July 7 news was received of the death
by poison of a comparative stranger, who
had attracted considerable passing atten
tion by her great beauty and the fact that
her "husband," one of the "late arrivals,"
had earned a popular reputation as a
good business man and good fellOw among
a certain class. "- 1 -
H. N. Almy, manager of the Washington
Light Company of this city, states that
I the deceased, Edith "Almy" (whose real
| name was not disclosed, but who is said
j to be a niece of John Baird, a well-known
jeweler of. San Francisco) lived with him
! here as his wife. He had known her in
i San Francisco and furnished her with
money. She. came here on the 11th of
! JUne and rejoined him.
Almy's story, as told to the deputy mar-
I shal, is that he and the woman had been
i drinking together heavily. This was in
I part confirmed by the condition in which
Almy was found early in the morning, be
ing fast asleep by the Bide of the corpse.
His story in brief is that, meeting* on
I Hotel street, they took a hired carnage
! to their home on Young street, had some
refreshments and later on in the evening
i took a drive, finally at a late hour bring-
I ing up at a private resortV where wine Is
I illicitly sold. Here they drank two bot
i tles of champagne, and reached home
| about 10 o'clock in the morning. The
I woman, he says, left him to visit other
I apartments in the house, and shortly after
I returning complained of feeling sick and
I being * in great pain. Although Almy
! thought there was nothing serious, he tel
! ephoned'to Dr. Miner, but telling him that
; he thought there was nothing much amiss.
In a few minutes, however, he became
; alarmed and telephoned again to the doc
tor to hurry. Dr. Miner responded at 2
\ o'clock, as promptly as possible, but the
; woman was already dead.
During his investigations Dr. Miner dis
covered a bottle which had contained the
poison— lysol; similar somewhat in its ef
fects to carbolic acid or creosote, which
had undoubtedly been the cause of the
death to judge from the scalded condition
of the eyes, mouth and throat of the de
ceased.
A Coroner's jury held an inquest and
after three hours returned the following
verdict: ' ■ .' - tf:
"That Mrs. E. Almy came to her death
in Honolulu on the 7th day of July, 1889,
by taking poison administered by her own
hand." '..: •''"■•-_''
Street comments are unkind, and the
Independent has practically demanded an
; investigation by the Attorney General's
department, since neither the Marshal nor
the Coroner evinced any disposition to
i probe beyond the evidence offered the
j jury by Almy, the doctor and the hack
i driver.
It has leaked out that the police version
' or theory is the following: That Almy has
an undivorced wife in New York, unknown
to the deceased, whom he had promised to
marry. She came here, to induce him to
carry out that promise, and on the even-
I ing in question he started out with her
! with the Intention of being privately mar-
I ried. The sudden fear of the conse
] quences of a bigamous marriage led him
Ito again defer. Recriminations and prom
ises then led to the debauch and the death
! of the victim in despair.
The real name of the woman is be
' lieved to be Mrs. Edith Fuller. She went
i to Honolulu from this city in the brig
: William <*. Irwin, arriving there on the
j 10th of June. She and Almy were 7*ous
| ins. :
ENDEAVORERS AT THE
CHRISTIAN CONVENTION
The Day's Service Opened With a
Sunrise Meeting at Endeavorer
Rock.
SANTA CRUZ, July 20.— This was
Christian Endeavorers' day at the Chris
tian Church Convention.
The young people commenced their ser
vices with a sunrise meeting at Christian
Endeavor Rock.
The attendance of delegates was large
when the session was called to order at
5) o'clock in the tabernacle by the State
president, A. H. Curtner of , Irvington. C.
W. Johnson of Los Gatos then took the
chair and presided during the sessions.
The devotional service was led by Rev.
C. V. Huntington of Gait.
The first order of business of the con
vention was the appointment of the fol
lowing committees by the president:
Nominating— Rev. R. L. McHorton, Santa
Cruz; Miss Mary Durham, Irvington; E.
H. Baker, San Jose. Resolutions— Rev.
Guy AY. Smith, Oakland; Miss Mary
Hathaway, Oakland: C. A. Murdock,
Fresno. Obituary— Miss Ivy, Berkeley;
Miss Gertrude Ford, Los Gatos; Rev. O.
V. Huntington, Corralltos; Miss Simpson,
Berkeley. Auditing— Rev. D. A. Russell,
Palo Alto; L. J. Martin, Los Gatos; Rev.
Mr. Coggins, Marysville.
The treasurer, Dr. J. D. Hodgdon cf
San Francisco, reported finances in splen
did shape, pledges for the State work
paid and a balance in the treasury, which
will be applied in the building fund of the
Berkeley church.
The next hour was full of spirit. It was
an open parliament with the committees.
The morning sermon, by Rev. T. A.
Boyer of Stockton, was an eloquent on
and Inspired all. The session this after
noon was called to order at 2 o'clock.
A spiritual prayer and praise service was
held by Rev. Mr. Powers of College City.
Dr. J. H. Durham gave a paper on "Our
Work: What Shall It Be?" It was an
insight into the work the societies are do
ing In the State.
MOUNTAIN LION KILLED.
It Had Been Committing Depreda
tions on Carmel Ranches.
MONTEREY, July 20. -News has Just
been received here from Carmel of the
killing of one of the largest .mountain
lions ever seen In this section. The lion
had been committing depredations in tne
country around the Carmel Valley for
some time past, carrying off calves and
young pigs and greatly annoying ranchers
as well as causing alarm among the wo
men and children of the vicinity.
On Sunday night last the animal car
ried off a fine calf from the Pacific Im- .
provement Company's Laurellas rancho
and the next morning John Y. Hebbron,
superintendent of the ranch,' organized a
hunt party and taking a number of dogs
followed the trail of the lion. The trail
led up into a rocky cave-like place from
which as soon as the dogs entered
came ugly growlings. The attack of tne
dogs Infuriated the beast and he rushed
out of his den upon the hunters only to
be received with a volley of shots from
their guns. Ono shot struck him in a
vital spot and with a leap into the air
he fell over dead.
One of the dogs was killed and several
others badly injured during the fight in
side the den. The lion was skinned and
his pelt brought to town to be cured. It
ls a splendid specimen and Mr. Hebbron
I is very proud of his exploit.
late* SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, July 20.
Stmr Navarro, Hlgglns, 50 hours from San
Pedro.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. :yy } *-.. -\ ;-;"
SAILED. -tftf
•'.'-:>_<.\>--- Thursday, July 20.
Stmr Ruth,* Lundrjulst, Eureka. -<tf'
RETURNED.
. Thursday, July 20.
Bark Northern Light, Challeeton, returned
from sea on account of springing a leak off the
lightship, tftf'. V '-'tftftftftftf^ tftftf-
* MISCELLANEOUS.
DR. ABORN.
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and
* Lung Specialist,
OVER 30 YEARS' SUCCESSFUL PRACTICE.
CONSUMPTION !
Early application to one skilled in the treatment of CATARRH,
THROAT and LUNG DISEASES has saved and may save thou-
sands of lives from that dread disease— CONSUMPTION.
Dr. Aborn's modern system of medicated inhalations, local ap-
pliances and revitalizing, constitutional treatment cure where all
others fail. CATARRH, THROAT, BRONCHIAL and LUNG AF-
FECTIONS INSTANTLY. RELIEVED, and his patients almost
invariably gain in weight 10 to 30 pounds in 30 to 60 days.
EVIDENCE OF THE CURABILITY CF CONSUMPTION.
SPENCER CURRELL'S AFFIDAVIT.
A Gain of Twer.ty-three pounds in Twenty-three days.
TO THE PUBLIC: - _. " , ... ,
I hereby make this public announcement that the afflicted may know that 1
have had my life saved by Dr. Aborn: _•••_•_ .„ „„ ij
Being* in a dying state wjth consumption, constant cough short breath could
not breathe but a little in the upper part of my lungs, night sweats loss °f appe-
tite and emaciated to a mere skeleton; lost twenty-five or thirty pounds. Thi.- Is
merely an outline of my condition when I applied to Dr. Aborn four -weeks ago.
To my great astonishment. 1 began to improve from the first dose of medicine.
and have continued to improve with such astonishing rapi. lity that I no* t on-
sider myself cured. Mv cough is entirely gone. I can take In a full and deep In-
spiration; appetite and. strength restored. I can now do a good da > s work on m>
farm. I have gained twenty-three pounds in the last three weeks This seems al-
most incredible: nevertheless it is a fact, as the scales tell the tale, and to -lis
statement I make an affidavit. -■'■;, . *. :--,*.• •■'.-;. -"'--.' _. ' .v.
Mv father-in-law. J. B. Batten, who resides at Santa Barbara, can assure the
afflicted in the southern part of the State what Dr. Aborn has done for me.
I am a well-known farmer. I have resided on my farm, six miles from Hay-
wards, Alameda County, for the past eight years. All the citizens of Haywards
know of mv case and are surprised at my speedy recovery.
SPENCER CURRELL, Farmer. Six Miles From Haywards. Cal.
Sotarlal'seaU."' *° "^ ™ T^rf^KESS.S^'wA'Sl^
DR. ABORN'S OFFICE AND RESIDENCE,
554 SUITER ST., between Powell and Mason, San Francisco, Cal,
Sutter-street cars from Market-street ferry pass the door. Electric
cars at San Jose depot corner Third and Townsend streets, transfer to
Powell, corner of Ellis; get off corner Sutter and Powell streets.
OFFICE HOURS, 9:30 to 12, and 2 to 4.
FOR PROTECTION
OF THE FORESTS
Congress Asked to Make
New Laws.
— — —
FIRE A VERY GRAVE DANGER
- — ♦ — . ;','.:;:'
MORE STRINGENT REGULATIONS
ARE DESIRED.
Some Interesting Papers by Experts
Are Read During the Sessions
of the Convention at
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 20.— The theo
retical and sentimental ideas of forest
preservation were to-day combated
by a practical and matter-of-fact prop
osition at the session of the American
Forestry Convention, being 'held in
this city.
Abbott Kinney, first vice-president
for California, presided. Upon the
desk before the chairman and on the
table of Secretaries George W. Whit
tlesey and W. H. Knight, were large
bouquets of eucalyptus blossoms in
many varieties of red, white, yellow
and green, notable exhibits of one
branch of the local association.
S. H. Woodbridge, Ph. D., read a
paper on "Water Conservation in
Soils." The speaker related the result
of his own experiments to show that
some varieties of soil absorb moisture
much more rapidly than do others, and
the natural mold of an old forest is th
best in every respect. The object of
the paper was to show the absolute
necessity of preserving forests that
protect the absorbent soil which serves
such a useful purpose in storing water.
The principal address of the sessions
was made-- by Ellwood Mead, formerly-
State engineer of Wyoming.- recently
appointed irrigation expert for the De
partment of Agriculture, on "The Fu
ture Policy for Irrigation in the West.
He prefaced his remarks by saying. he
had intended making his address ap
plicable to conditions here, but found
that he could do that only after mak
ing a personal investigation. The tenor
of the address was an unqualified in
dorsement of a proposal to lease for
grazing purposes all the public lands
and to use the money thus obtained in
the construction of storage reservoirs
and irrigating canals. He argued that
in regions where high freight rates
prevail it is folly to expect private en
terprise to engage in the great work of
storage reservoirs and Irrigation sys
tems. , , .
The morning session was opened by
the paper of A. Campbell Johnson on
"A Forest Experiment Station." read
by Secretary Whittlesey. The author
of this paper urged the establishment
of experimental stations and the sys
tematic planting of trees.
H. Hawgood, a well-known civil en
gineer, followed with a paper, "En
gineering Problems in Forestry and
Water Stor-vge." ; tftf-:.- ..;*"•
Wallace W. Everett, associate editor
of Wood and Iron, a San Francisco
publication, presented a paper on 'The
Practical in Forestry."
At the afternoon meeting John Mc-
Laren, spoke on "Reclamation of Drift
ing Sand' Dunes in Golden Gate Park,"
and showed how those erratic despoil
ers of landscape gardening were
brought into subjection by skillful
management, which could be as suc
cessful in other localities where unfer
tile sand predominates. .7 ;-:
Professor W. R. Dudley read a paper
on "The Sequoia of the • Sierras and
Their Distribution." W-tfitf "
James D. Schuyler, . civil engineer,
read a paper on "Storage Reservoirs
as Affected by Forests." .
At to-night's session a resolution was
passed asking that the next- Congress
be requested to pass a law substan
tially as follows: tftftf c ;.tftf?'tftf.tf
"Whoever kindles, uses, or leaves
after using, any fire, whether made by
himself or others, thtjt does any damage
to grass, brush, timber or other vegeta
tion on land of the United States be
yond a circle of six feet, radius from
the center of such fire shall pay a fine
of $100, without regard to the amount
of care used to prevent such damage."
The purport of this resolution is to
do away with the present law, which
requires proof of negligence or care
lessness before conviction can .be se
cured. The convention, Instead 7of
waiting until the next Congress, will
ask the Secretary of the Interior tc
adopt at once a regulation covering the
point. tf^rtfX "
000000000000 0.0
g „- PALACE A^%
°GRANO hotels 0
_ SAN FRANCISCO. _
I Connected by a covered passageway.
j 0 1400 Rooms— 9oo w: h Bath Attached. *•
I O All Under One Management. 0
O NOTE THE PBICE8:"" O
O Europ»_nPlan.l|l.oo per day and upward 0
rt American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward _
" Correspondence Solicited. "J
O JOEN C. EIRKPATHICK. Mansg.r. O
000000000000000000
llW^ljiisCJ
j A visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF ANATOMY)
J Ck USE MA___r ST. te:. £•.__::_. S.F.C-l. A
X Sr The Largest Anatomical Museam in the \
A _v*!B-_^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
_______ disease se«*«i'""y_-i--Stiy (he oldest T
£ Jffis "JcTb *_" , '* c a the Coast Est 36 years- 9
A fl«_ff| OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES^
_ F^_flt_*S Consultation free and strictly private _
A I jfifeT H Tr« itmcnt personally or by letter. A A
W■ If m _*os me <7ur«in every case undertaken. V
AF 'l 11 _* Write for Book, PBILOSOrnVcf A
XI _ II 1 ! M 4RRIAGE, MAILED FREE. |.\f
i Jl 11, valuable book for mm) a
T OK. JOBDA**i_rCO.,IOSI Market St., 8. F. V
ol__iS VITALIS
g&fesi. Wi BMLI@
£rw-*9/*fe_ the NEW
istDay. _aa/_t_a^'< lii©^ rCD CHI" El
EF-rjr 10U Day! «-*«• >SL jTt rnE-NUllii
VITA L ! S -°- h DaT ■«•-» -* Bt-UCnv
PIIODI T-n* ADOTK 30th Day. il_.lflCU||l
RKbt J.TS. Itqu. W-. i surely removes W msitj-lsiuuttnuj.
Nightly Emissions, tv.l Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self.abnse or excess and indiscr-tion. Restores Lost Vitality
Power and Railing Memory. Wards ■df Insanity un J Consump"
tion. Cures when all others fall. Insist on having VITAL!**,
no other. tan be carried iv the -vest pocket. By mail (11 <>«)
per pscka^eorsix for "1.00 with a gnanntca to Cure Or 1
Ketund the Mono-, Circular Free. Address
•JALIIIET CI RE CO., SS4 I>eurborn (»„, ("htea__
Sold by Owl Drug Co., 'iaidwln P— srmscy,
W. i. Bryan (two stores). C rant Drug Co.. la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. : ■ -■.-■■■;" '■■■■
»lER€E'S
%*Jr favorite
pSCRSPTION
I __. FOR WEAK WOM El*,.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great. Restorative, Invlgorator and Ner-
vine. . ' "'• • *'-.-' " -•"*- \ "tf
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys "and Bladder. Sells on It? iwn Merits.
- NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
(23 Market street. S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
NERVITA El? Sf
_g£gHg&| »■*■ AND WANHOOD
1 1 Cures Impotencv Night Emissions and wasting
wHh9h diseases, all effects of sclf-buse, or excess .mi J
wSf \»_| indtscrction. A nerv;-tomc and blood-builder.
f %•. Brings the pink -1°*"" to pal- hecks aco "_»
_>I^!>__/ -tores the fire cf youth. By mail 500 per
IWC^yl box. 6 boxes for $2.50; with 0 written
_SSySjfi^> guarantee to cure or refund the roo_:v
if-crt-ita incdiM! Co., CHntcn a JiCson sts., _1)J«8_*),
E. __ Baldwin _ Co.. Druggists. i Market. _. P.
"DDTTCTJITC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
D li U fl__- ers. bootblacks, bath-
. houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-milkers, canners,
•dyers, flour mill!, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. shoe factories,
6tablemen. tar-roofers, tanners. • tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.. - ..'.• '■•.•"•■.■■
Brush Manufacturer-, t>o9 bu;r.m»nt« 3»
lA/. X. HESS.
■ KOTARTPOBLIO AND ATTOaNE--Ar LATT,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, < lavs Spreckels Bldg.
" ' Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, .21 California st., below Powell,
San Francisco. , ■ ;
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Stricture*
- and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.- .
Price SI a bottle. For tale by druggists.
Wright's Indian Yegeta.le Pills
Are acknowledged by .thousands of person*
who have used them for forty years to cur.
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, • CONSTI-
, RATION, Torpid Liver. Weak Slo—tscs. ___.»
pics ___ vuniy *_.• blood.MEETING OF DEMOCRATIC
LEADERS AT CHICAGO.
HARRISON
FACTION IS
VICTORIOUS
= -:*.-__: _H_ D— » The Call.
CHICAGO. July CO.— No friction de- '
veloped at the meeting of the Demo
cratic National Committee -day. ;
ar.d the men who made such bellig
erent assertions last night failed to make
them good to-day. Not a single warlike
note was sounded and no defiances were
uttered either by the men who demanded j
that "18 to 1" shall be the rallying cry j
In the next campaign or by those who op- j
pose its adoption.
The only movement made by the silver
men looking toward recognition by the
National Committee was during the after- ;
rt )oh, when the Ohio Valley Bimetallic
League was admitted to the committee- j
rooms, and James P. Tan-in of Kentucky,
acting as spokesman, read the resolutions
adopted by the committee earlier in the j
day at the Palmer House. These resolu- j
tions demanded that there be inserted in
the next Democratic national platform
planks opposing trusts and imperialism
and adhering to the silver ratio of 16 to L
"And along these lines we offer you our
a:d," said Mr. Tarvin. There was a de
fiant accent on the word "these" that
seemed to Imply that the support of the
bimetallists could be secured along no
other iir.es than those marked out, OUt Of
this the committee took no notice.
The Ohio Valley Bimetallic League was
courteously thanked for its proffer of as
sistance and assured that it would be
called upon at such times as the Na
tional Committee felt in need of its as
sistance. That was the beginning and end
of the silver episode.
The fight against P. J. Devlin, editor of
the Press Bureau of the National Com
mittee, was brought to a finish, the Har
rison faction of Illinois securing his de
position for the part taken by him as an
orhcer of the National Committee In the
last mayoralty election in Chicago.
Beyond making several changes in the
rules governing the committee, nothing
else was done during the day. Section 1
cf the rules, which prescribes the forma
tion of the National Committee, was so
amended as to permit the election of a
vice chairman, to act when the chairman
is unabie to be present. Upon the mo
tion of Mr. Clayton of Alabama, sections
2. S, 4, 5. .. 7. S. 9 and 10 of the rules were
stricken out. Section 2 provides for the
majority election of officers of the com
mittee.
Section 3 gave the chairman power to
appoint subordinate officers of the com
mittee with the concurrence of the ex
ecutive committee. Sections 4, 5 and 6
declared that the chairman, secretary and
treasurer of the committee, respectively,
should perform the duties of their posi
tions. Section 7 covered the formation of
the new National Committee and the re
lations that should exist between the in
coming and going organizations. Sec
A 2-|f*@,3 «. !
F-* ____& BL
11 II
PALS. WEAK. NERVOUS, OR _-_ACT-
.\Z-tf ' If so. you _*• anaemic— you may
go Into decline. Anaemia _ often a forerunner
of consumption. HUDTAN __] cure you.
Know for yourself your -.::!or. Headaches
Fly. 1. Btt—kea eyes aad dark circles under eyes
F'-g. J. err._c_.tlon and paleness Fig. 3. coaled
tcngue Fig. *. palpitation of heart Fig. 8. dis-
ordered digestion Fig 8. torpid liver Fir. »,
weak-teM cf extremities Fig. 8-*; all theee
symptoms indicate _.-_••__
HUDTAN reaches Fig. 1. because It re»e-ree
the cor.gaaticn or anaemia of brain.
Fig. - and S. - -Mist HUDTAN --.aire- rich.
red blood, which In turn gives muscle and a
glow of health.
Fig. *, because HUDTAN corrects the diges-
tive fcnctlons.
Fig. 5. because HUT-TAN tramjuillses the
nerves that go-rern action of heart.
Fig. S. because HUDTAN strengthen* and
stimulates to perfect action •-* little gta—ds
that Ornish the digestive juices.
Fir. 7, because KUDTAN stimulates the r*»-f
rentiy.
Fig- 8. because HUDTAN establishes a per-
fect circulation of blood that is rich in Mtrl-
tive elements.
HUDTAN Is for
■» ♦■ men and women. If
I MEN AND rou ""'• any of
' WOMEN the above symptoms.
FREE ' r Bal>rjM wUI
! Call or Write, { curs you. i. for _u«
! Call or Write. HUDTAN Is for sala
+■ — -** by drunri-rta —Wo a
-aok__e, or six packages for 12 60.
*If your _r__sl« l o°«" no * kee P H_DTA_*.
■•__ direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, His and Market Sts.,
BAN FRANCIiaCO, CAL.
Too "May Co-a-A the Snflyaa I>ocjor* Aboct
jour c*s.*nt*r<iL&»v**>~ 3^___
tion • empowered the chairman to call
meetings whenever he deemed it for they
best interests of the party. Section 9 pro
vided that the chairman shall cail a me> j t-
Ing upon the receipt of a written request
by one-fourth of the members of the com
mittee. Section 10 provided that the ses
sions cf the committee shall be governed
by general parliamentary law, and that
the committee shall adopt any standing
rule for the disposition of business coming
before it.
The fight bet*** the Illinois factions ;
began as soon as Mr. Bryan arrived in the
city, which was at S o'clock in the morn
ing. He was immedtateiy beset by men
of both sides, the Altgeld faction asking
him to be at the meeting without fail and ;
the Harrison men asking that he remain
away from the Auditorium altogether.
Mr. Br* an was in a dilemma and for a
long time would not declare himself as
being in favor of the meeting or not He
said he had accepted the invitation for
the meeting and there was no apparent
reason why be shouid decline at the last
moment at the demand of a politics :
faction host to that which had invited ,
him to the city. At the same time he ex
pressed himself as being anxious to avoid
anything that would create further fric
tion and as a remedy proposed that the
Altgeld people turn over the control of j
the meeting to the National Committee.
Mr. Altge" I was personally willing that
this should be done, but the majority of
his adherents, who are bitter against the
Harrison men, opposed it. and when the
alter heard that there was opposition to
the plan in the Altgeld camp they openly
championed the passing of the meeting
under the control of the National Com
mittee.
The arguments on both sides were hot
and fierce for several hours and there
seemed to be no chance of a settlement.
The large majority of the members of :
the National Committee declared them
selves as being opposed to having any
thins to do with the meeting in any way.
They maintained that they had a fight
before the committee at that moment
born of the outraged feelings of the Har
rison faction because it believed that the
National Committee had taken part In a
local matter without good reason, and
they were disposed to keep their hands
out of the present fight.
Finally Mr. Altgeld sent word to Mr.
Bryan that lf he considered that his at- i
tendance at the meeting would embarrass
him he could feel at perfect liberty to
remain away. The meeting could get
along without him. This message was ;
declared by the Altgeld people to bo one
of simple courtesy to Mr. "Bryan, but the
Harrison men declared that it was a mes- j
sage of sarcasm which meant that if Mr.
Bryan was afraid to keep his word to
j address the meeting it would be a sue- j
cess without his presence.
It was late ln the afternoon before Mr. j
; Bryan made up his mind to attend the ;
\ meeting. The Harrison people, who were j
; in good humor over the defeat of Devlin .
before the committee, finally announced
that he might attend the meeting with
out causing any hostility to himself in the I
Harrison camp. This message, however, j
had nothing to do with the conclusion
reached by Mr. Bryan regarding the j
meeting for he had decided to attend
before it reached him.
When the National Committee came to j
; order in the club room of the Sherman j
i House at 12 o'clock all the States were j
j represented either by proxy or by their j
j regular committeemen, with the excep- :
j tion of North Dakota, Oregon, Texas. |
Utah, Vermont. West Virginia and Ari
zona. Mr. Bryan held proxies for Michi- :
gan and South Dakota, and he was pres- :
ent throughout the meetings of the com
mittee although he did not take an active
part in the proceedings.
Ex-Governor Altgeld was offered the
firoxy of Committeeman White of Wash
ngton, but declined it. and Willis J. Ab
bott of New York acted for that State.
Mayor Harrison held the proxy for Alas
ka, but did not attend either session of the
committee.
As soon as Vie* Chairman Stone had
called the meeting to order Congressman
Ferguson of New Mexico was elected to
fill the vacancy from that Territory caused
by the resignation of F. A. Manxai
The chair then announced that it would
be in order to consider the question of ad
mitting the new member from Massachu
setts, Commit-- - Corcoran, a gold
: Democrat of that State, having protested
i against his removal to make room for
George Fred Williams. The matter was
settled in favor of the latter, who retained
! the seat > * '; ■"-. tf
Mr. Stone announced that the commit
t tee. consisting of Committeemen Wood
! son Troup and Daniels, appointed to In
vestigate the charges made by the Har
rison faction of Illinois against P. J. Dev
lin editor of the Press Bureau of the Na
j tional Committee, was ready to report.
The report was to the - " " that Mr.
! Devlin had used the influence of the Na
! tional Committee in favor of Altgeld and
against Harrison in the late city election,
i and recommended that the Press Bureau
i -work bo taken out of the hands- of ___-
THE SAX FBAX CISCO CALL, FBIDAT, JULY 21, 1599.
MR. BRYAN
WAS IN A
DILEMMA
Si-c'.al Dispatch to Th- Call.
Devlin and turned over to a committee.
A motion was promptly made by Mr.
Gahan of Illinois that the report of the
committee be adopted, and it was car
ried with three dissenting voices — O'Don
nell of Colorado. Williams of Massachu
setts and -Vbbott of New Tork voting ii
the negative. Mr. Brvan did not vote.
notwithstanding the fact thai he held two
proxies.
The matter of rules was then taken up.
and Senator TP.im.an of South Carolina
moved an adjournment, as not all the
members of the committee were provided
with copies of the rules, and he objected
to further proceedings until they were
suDpiled.
Tne meeting then adjourned until 3:_o
oVinck. a recess of one and a half hours.
When the meeting reconvened Mayor
Rose of Milwaukee addressed the com
mittee inviting th* members to make a
visit to Milwaukee, and Wiley O. Cox. the
head of the delegation which is endeavor
ing- to secure the next Democratic con
vention for Kansas City, made a short
SDeech. setting forth the advantages of
Kansas Citj- as a convention city. No
action was taken by the committee re
garding the talk of Mr. Cox, as it had
been determined before the meeting was
called to order that the committee should
not at the present meeting rider any
thing relating to- the location of the next
convention.
Committeeman Norton of Ohio, who was
acting for Mr. McLean, the regular mem
ber from that State, then announced thai
the members of the Ohio Bimetallic
League were at the door and moved that
they be invited to enter and that Mr.
Tarvin of Kentucky, their chairman, be
asked to address the committee. The
motion was passed and the members of
the league were admitted.
Four thousand people crowded Into the
Auditorium to-night, despite the ------
ing heat, to attend the political meeting
given under the auspices of the Chicago
platform Democrats. It was from first to
last a silver meeting, an Altgeld meeting.
an anti-trust and an anti-expansion meet-
Ing. All cf the speakers save ex -Governor
Stone of Missouri, who was ill and talked
for less than two minutes, declared in
favor of 16 to 1 and against the war in the
Philippine Islands.
The speech of Mr. Bryan evoked great
enthusiasm among his hearers, especially
when he declared that the American Gov
ernment should pursue In Luzon the same
policy as was pursued in Cuba. The Phil
ippines, he said, came into our hands by
accident of war. and, being there, they
should have been treated on American
principles, and not on those practiced by-
European governments. The policy of the
United States, he claimed, should have
been to create a republic In the Philip
pines and ay to all the world, "Hands off,
and let that republic live. ' Mr. Bryan
also repeated his views on the silver ques
tion.
Among other speakers were Clarence S.
Darrow. James P. Tarv Senator Till
man. Alexander Troup, George Fred Will
iams, William J. Stone and General Fin
ley.
INCENDIARY FIRE
AT ROUND VALLEY
The Town Narrowly Escaped Destruc
tion — A Cowboy Under
Arrest.
COVELO. July Round Va'; „ nar
rowly escaped total destruction 'by a fire
fiend at midnight last --.* The blaze
originated In the Covelo feed and livery
stable, recently filled with hay and grain,
and in a few minutes it was beyond con
trol. When the hope of saving the stable
was abandoned the department devoted
all its efforts toward saving the adjoin
ing buildings. A hurriedly improvised
bucket brigade was brought Into play and
did heroic work. It was found necessary
to demolish two dwellings to prove* - fur
ther spreading of the fire. The chief
losses were: Frank Youree. owner of the
destroyed Youree block, insured in the
Norw-ich Union of London for JISOO, valued
at $+»'. the Covelo feed and livery- stable,
i also owned by Youree, insured In the Nor
wich Union; T. B. Henry, two dwellings.
covered with insurance in the Fireman's
Fund of San Francisco.
City Marshal Redwine has arrested Jo
seph Bradburn, a sheepherder and all
round tough cowboy, on a warrant charg
ing him with arson. Bradburn asserts his
innocence vigorously, but the authorities
claim they have strong evidence to sup
port the warrant. Bradburn is a "vindic
tive man. and while intoxicated yesterday
was refused whisky by Youree. and there
and then declared his intention of being
avenged. He is now confined in Jail and
shows apparently no fears of the outcome.
He prides himself upon his kin-hip with
Je«3e James, the deceased outlaw. The
hearing comes up to-morrow.
Licenses Raised.
RED BLUFF, July 20.— There was
quite a stir in the agencies of the tele
: phone, telegraph, insurance and build
' ing and loan companies when the dcci
! sion of the Town Trustees at their
i meeting last night was learned. The
'■ meeting was a special one held for the
! purpose of fixing the license rates of
i the different concerns, and quarterly
! rates were fixed as follows: Insurance
■ companies, $2 50; Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express Company, $7; telephone com
panies' licenses were' raised from 55 to
; $10; electric-light companies, $20; gas
i companies, $5; water companies, flO;
i loan, saving and . building. societiea__oc
» each.-agency, ♦IQU .-".'-,
AN EARLY
START WILL
BE TAKEN
Davis' Automobile Strength
ened Sufficiently for the
Rough Roads.
NEW WHEELS PUT ON
— ♦ —
So the Journey Across the Conti
nent Will Be Resumed From
Utica This Morning.
BY JOHN D. DAVIS
UTICA. July 20.— We have repaired
everything here at the Weston-Mott
Factory^ which was placed at my dis
posal. The new rear wheels with
three-inch tires are on. and we lay
over to-night to permit the cement on
them to harden. We start at 4 a. m..
and will make as many miles as pos
sible, continuing all day. This morn
ing we ran up from Little Falls, twen
ty-flve miles, in two hours, with a
temporary wheel in place. All along
we were greeted by large crowds, and
farmers had Quit work in anticipation
of our coming.
To-night all Utica was out to see us
come from the factory down to the
hotel, and intense Interest has been
manifested by the best class of people.
GREAT INTEREST TAKEN
IN ONE SHORT RUN
UTTCA. July 20.— automobile which
is making a tour across the continent in
charge of John D. Davis arrived In Utica
this noon. Mr. Davis went to Little Falls
this morning at 7 o'clock, taking with
him a new wheel, which had been made
by the Weston-Mott Company of this city.
Davis was accompanied by Mrs. Davis
and F. G. Mott of the Weston-Mott Com
pany. On arriving in Little Falls the new
wheel was adjusted and as soon as_ pos
sible the start was commenced for Utica.
A crowd of fully 200 people gathered about
the Girvan House to see the automobile
start At S:so all was ready and Mr. and
Mrs. Davis and Mr. Mott in the '"—
began the run for Utica. The automobile
was accompanied by an expert machinist,
who rode alongside on a bicycle with his
eves and ears open for any trouble in the
working parts. The run between Little
Falls and Herkimer was made without
accident or event. The new wheel worked
perfectly and the motor acted better than
in several days. There was no, trouble
with heated pistons, as on Monday. The
party arrived in Herkimer at 20 minutes
to 10. A stop of half an hour was taken
to look over the machinery and to inflate
the tires. One of the wheels which re
ceived injury in the breakdown on Tues
day was found to have a defective tire.
The crack ln the rim had produced a
strain In the rubber and the tire leaked
badly, necessitating frequent blowing up.
At a quarter after 10 al! was in readiness
again and the trip was resumed. The
roads between Herkimer and Frankfort
were found in bad condition, as in fact all
the roads in this sect were. Davis said
the little hills did not bother him so much,
but the roadbeds were rough and full of
mudholes. At Frankfort it was found nec
essary to again stop a few minutes and in
flate the tires, after which no further in
convenience was experienced before arriv
ing in Utica. w nen Mr. Davis passed the
Masonic Home the. carriage was moving
along at about eight or nine miles an
hour. The carriage was the object of con
siderable attention. The automobile was
taken to the Weston-Mott Works and the
new set of rear wheels which had been
manufactured according to Mr. Davis' di
rection were adjusted. This operation con
sumed much more time than was expected.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis started to leave
Utica this afternoon, but were obliged to
return because the cement on the new
tires had not been hardened enough. He
will positively leave to-morrow morning at
i o'clock. He expects to reach Syracuse
in the forenoon. On their arrival in
Cleveland the carriage will be fitted with
an entire new. set of wheels specially de
signed to meet the demands of Eastern
roads.
.
AUTOMOBILES FOR
COLLECTING MAILS
WASHINGTON. July Postofßce De
partment officials expect to ask for an ap- |
propriatlon from the next session of Con
gress for the use of automobiles in col
lecting the mails at all flrst-class post
offices. The purpose is to ask permission
to use the apropriation of $_o,wo ..or |
hor-e hire allowance. The recent tests ln j
Buffalo have satisfied the officials her. j
that they may be used to advantage.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST j
Captain Morton to Aid in the Muster
Out of Troops Her*©.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— 8y direction
of the Secretary of War Captain Chariea
G Morton. Sixth United States Infantry,
Is relieved from duty as chief muster*n_
officer at Vancouver barracks, wash.,
and will proceed to San Francisco and re
port to the commanding general. Depart
ment of California, for duty under Colo
nel Stephen P. Jocelyn, Twenty-fifth
United States Infantry, chief mustering
officer, as assistant mustering officer, act-
Ing assistant quartermaster, acting com
missary of subsistence and acting ord
nance officer in connection with th* mvi- j
ter out of volunteers at that place.
Captain John D. C. Hoskts and Lieu
tenant David J. Rumbough, Third United
States Artillery, are detaile*d as members I
of the examining board convened at San
Francisco by special orders of June -1.
vice Captain John A. Lockwood and First
Lieutenant Thomas .H. Stavens, Fourth
United States Cavalry, who are relieved.
The following officers of the United j
States Volunteer Signal Corps, now on
duty with the signal corps company at
San Francisco, are honorably discharged
from the service of the United States by
the Secretary of War, to take effect Sep
tember 14, and' when their service can be
spared by the commanding general. De- .
partment of California, will proceed to
their homes: Captain Elmore A. Mc-
Kenna, First Lieutenant Charles E. Kll
boume Jr. and Second Lieutenant Ed
ward E. Kelly.
Lieutenant Colonel Edward M. Hayes.
Fourth Cavalry. will proceed from New
York city to San Francisco and report
to the commanding general. Department
of California, for assignment to tempo
rary duty.
Private Ferdinand Kolpack, Hospital
Corps. United States Army. Savannah,
Ga., is transferred to the Presidio. He
will report upon his arrival to the com
manding officer for duty In the general
hospital at that place.
Pensions— California: Original-. ohn S.
M ett, San Jose. $12: Manuel Soto. Los
Angeles, $12: Michael Quinn, San Fran
cisco, $S; John B. Stone. Menifee. $•*; Jo
seph J*. Parks, Corning. $3: William L.
Stafford, Whittle.. J**: John Eads Par
ker, Los Angeles; $6; Hugh Marshall, Vet
erans' Home. Napa. $S.
Oregon— Original— July "_; John
W. Batv. -•• ville. $10.
Washington— Original: Jam*? Qu-gl«-y
North Port, $.*3: Increase, Leander W.
Daniels, Tacoma, $*> to $10.
J. R. Rose Dead.
LAKEVILLE, July 20.— J. R. Rose, an
old resident of this section of Sonoma
County and one of the largest farmers in
the county, died of heart failure at his
ranch near Reclamation yesterday. Mr.
Rose came here many years ago from
Ohio, and has been engaged in stock and
hay farming for thirty years. For a long
time he was a well-known breeder of
horses and Devon cattle. He was IS years
old and leaves two daughters. He was a
man of distinguished presence and supe
rior mental abilitieJ, and endeared himself
to a large circle of friends by his affable
and engaging manners. He was a modern
i farmer ln all respects, and his death will,
the a loss to .the agricultural community. '
ELTRINGHAM TO
STAND TRIAL FOR
CLARK'S MURDER
Public Sympathy Is With Him, as
Many Consider the Deed
Justifiable.
SAN* ANDREAS. July 20.— Henry Eltringham will be tried for murder, or.^ at
least, he will have a. preliminary examination on that charge. La-*- Monaay
morning Eitrir.gham killed John W. Clark, claiming that the mart had
drugged his wife with morphine and assaulted her. The testimony given at
the inquest Monday was to the effect that Eltrlngham had fired two shots from
a Winchester rifle a: Clark just as the latter turned the corner of the buildmg in
his rush to escape the infuriated miner. The body was found lying in acorat.
or the fence some distal from the house, on Its left ride The ball entered the
right side, shattering the heart and going out at a point directly over J>r
*__**. It Is claimed that with such a wound death must have been instantaneous
and that the mar. could not have run the distance to where his body was fount
It is now said also that Clark and Mrs. Eltringham were seen in company at
Angels Camp during the celebration on July 4 and those who are fond of build
ing theories say the woman at that time gave the ex-volunteer soldier en.our
-1 *_.. to visit her at Valleclto. It will be remembered that Joseph Ba.to and
John Bat* the father and brother of Mrs. Eltringham. were by a preconcerted ar
rangement present at the killing. Both were armed, though they afterward said
they had no thought of killing the man. The three men-Eltringham. and the
Santos-approached the house the morning of the shooting from three -separate
directions «f No one besides _« men and Mrs. Eltringham witnessed the snoot
ing and the four stories do not exactly harmonize. Another startling theory - 3
that Clark knew Mrs. Eltringham prior to her marriage to I ' .ham. Some
words £ fall by the woman during her examination at the Coroner's Inquest
would seem to make this theory possible. _.„„
At the Dreliminary examination next week It may be charged that Eltring
ham was determined "to kill Clark and " '-'- his father-in-law and brother-in- aw
conspired with him to this end. Whatever be the facts adduced public s>m
plthv is now with the Eltringhams. The majority of the people openly express
th. opinion that Eltringham could have been justified in laying a trap and killing
'"•' deliberately if the .--.- really drugged and assaulted the woman or even
Sokadvar.l_e of her weak-minded condition to accomplish his purpose. Of the
£tt_. _a« -Tleast. there is very little doubt. It is probable that Mrs. Eltring
ham win be nlaced in an asylum, her condition since the shooting being one of
to__ mental irresponsibility. She was for a while an inmate of the Stockton
Asylum before her marriage.
IMPORTANT NOTES
WERE EXCHANGED
England's Answer -to
Boundary Proposition.
— • —
HOPES FOR A MODUS VIVENDI
GOv-_3__r____-NT STA-TDS by ITS
RECENT DECISION.
Declines to Withdraw From the Line
It Has Established as a Fair
One to Both Coun
tries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK. July 20.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: An im
portant exchange of notes relating to
the establishment of a modus Vivendi
temporarily defining the Alaskan
boundary line took place between the
British and American. Governments to
day.
While the secrecy observed by the of
ficials makes it impossible to obtain ex
act Information regarding th contents
of the notes, it can be stated authori
tatively that the communication from
Lord Salisbury is the answer of Great
Britain to* a proposition advanced by
the United States four weeks ago. that
the line, be placed two miles north of
Kluckwan.
The British Government does not ac
cept the proposition, but has submitted
further proposals for the consideration
of this Government.
Late this afternoon Mr. Tower, who
has charge of the British Embassy
here called at the State Department
and had a conference with Secretary
Hay. Upon its conclusion I was in
formed that a formal answer had_ been
made to the British proposals, and that
the United States is Tying out the
decision reached some days ago,
strengthened -'.- the report of senator
Fairbanks, chairman of the American
representation on the high Joint com
mission, and had declined to withdraw
from the line it has established as that
which is fair to both countries.
As a result of the exchange of notes
to-day the authorities are most hopeful
that an agreement establishing a tem
porary boundary line will be reached.
The failure of the British Government
to answer the administration's .pro
posal caused the authorities to believe
that negotiations were at an end and
the communication from Lord Salis
bury, which is said to be more satis
factory- than any preceding It. revives
the hope that something may yet be
done. Negotiations are in a very deli
cate stage, but Secretary Hay is hand
ling them carefully. It is believed he
will ultimately be able to bring about
a settlement of the matter.
The Secretary was again in confer
ence with Senator Fairbanks regarding
the boundary question and the work of
the commission. In view of the Sec
retary's acquaintance with the views
of other members of the commission
regarding pending questions, it has
been decided that It will be unneces
sary- for the entire American represen
tation to meet. After the Cabinet
meeting to-morrow it is expected that
the Secretary and the Senator will con
fer relative to the advisability of post
poning indefinitely the date of the re
assembling of the commission, or of
fixing a definite date when it shall re
convene. ;
WILLED HIS ASHES TO
THE WINDS AND WAVES
Peculiar Provision in the "Will of
Late Judge W. H.
Clark.
LOS ANGELES. July 20.— The will of
late Superior Judge William Hovey
Clark was filed this afternoon for pro
bate by Executors Frank P. Flint and :
A W. Hutton. The dead jurist executed
hi*-- will In simple fashion November 10. ;
1897. Un June 2S, 18», he died.
The estate amassed by years of saving
!i« valued at about 520.009. It ls all in
! the county of Los Angeles and consists
f of cash, stocks, bonds and a one-third
! Interest in five acres in Orange County.
• The provisions of the document are most
I unique and some of its items are as fol
i "It ls my wish that my body should be
cremated and the ashes placed In the
grave of my father and mother at And
over Mass. If my brothers do not ap
prove of such a disposition of the ashes
then it is my wish that they be taken to
th* most convenient point on the Pacific
Coast and scattered on the ocean. " - .
•'ltem* If Guy Barham be living at the
time of mv death I direct that there oe
delivered to him a case of champagne.
This is in payment of a wager." '
Two brothers, John P. and Harry
Clark, with the sister. Susan P. Holt live
in Andover. Mass.. while Hobart Clark
resides at Richmond Terrace, N. Y.
»
At the Mouth of the Platte.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 18SS, by James Gor
don Bennett. •' - ; "* '»">
BUENOS ATRES, July S).— Montevideo
newspapers are commenting on the ac
tion of the United States gunboat Wil
mington in making soundings at - the
Ixnouth. the- river Platte, ■j'tf. m
CLYDE MATTOX
UNDER ARREST
Captured Yesterday at
Los Angeles.
• —
HE HAS KILLED FOUR MEN
— ♦ —
ESCAPED FROM A SHERIFFS
POSSE FN OKLAHOMA..
•
Was Once Sentenced to Be Hanged,
but Was Unconditionally Par
doned by President __c-
ELinley.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 20.— The police
here have arrested a man who has gone
under the name of Frank Jones, but who
confesses that he is Clyde Mattox and is
wanted at Newkirk. 6. T.. for murder.
The Sheriff at Newkirk telegraphed the
Chief of Police here that a satchel had
been sent addressed to Frank Jones and
that the suspected Jones was Mattox.
When Jones was arrested he admitted the
fact. The chief here has telegraphed for
particulars and instructions. Mattox re
iused to talk about his me.
GUTHRIE. O. T. July 20.— Clyde Mattox
is known to have killea four men, and has
been accused of a fifth murder. Though
under 30 years of age he is notorious
throughout Southern Kansas and Okla
homa and the Indian Territory as a man
killer.
In ISS3. when but 19 years old, Mattox
was a member of the police force at South
Oklahoma City, when a dispute arose over
the City Marshals John Hayward. the
town Marshal, had refused to surrender
the office to the Marshal-elect. The latter
employed Mattox to gain possession of the
office." and Mattox carried the day by
shooting and k».iing Haywaro, He was
acquitted, however, on a plea of self-de
fense.
On December 12 of the same year.
after he had been made a Deputy
Ur.ited States Marshal. Ma*tox. while
drunk, murdered a negro who resented re
marks made by Mattox to colored women
who were passing along the street. He
was tried for this crime and sentenced to
hang, but secured a new trial and while
out on bail he shot and killed another
negro who had witnessed the previous
killing.
After this, while still or. bail, he went
hunting Into the Seminole country with
a white man who had been a witness to
the killing of the second negro. After
ward nothing "was ever heard of this white
rfan.
Upon his second trial for the killing of
the first negro Mattox was convicted and
sentenced to be hanged. He' broke jail
at Wichita, but was recaotured and taken
to th. Federal penitentiary at Leaven
worth. President Cleveland commuted
the death sentence to life imprisonment
and a year ago the convict was uncondi
tionally pardoned by President McKinley.
Mattox's mother. Mrs. Mary Hatch, who
now lives on a farm near Ponca City, 0
T.. had interceded in his behalf with both
Presidents.
Mattox had not been out of the peni
tentiary a year when, on April 3 last, he
stabbed to death Lincoln Swinni • a
rancher, during a barroom quarrel at
Ponca City. Swim is said to have pro
voked this fight. I— attox escaped, defied
and exchanged shots with several posses
who pursued him for several days and
finally got out of the Territory.
Election Postponed.
STOCKTON. July 20.— When the Police
and Fire Commissioners met this evening
j to carry out the programme of electing
! J. D. Gall Chief of Police. J. P. Carroll
Chief of the Fire Department, and D.
Klench captain of police, a surprise await
ed them. A petition was presented, signed
]by nearly every business firm in town
protesting against the removal of Israel
Ralf from the head of the Fire Depart
ment, and another signed by representa
tives of every insurance company doing
business in the city asking the retention
jof Ralf. In the face of the petitions the
i Commissioners thought twice and laid the
j election over for one week.
CURES ALL WEAKNESS !
fg£X Electricity Restores
v >M^^^^^^^ Health aad Power to
Bf^?^^ Weak *-* Because it
i^^^fc^^rf Warms the Blood,
Stops the Waste,
//(V Gives Snap and Vim.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S i ELECTRIC BELT.
It is the great man-builder. Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt pour-
electric life Into the nerves and vital ports while the patient sleeps. Its
effect ls magical. It quickly gives a brace to the nerves, developing ln
them and in the blood a grapd force of life. It will cur* ail those ail-
ment*, of men. It makes life worth living.
If you have drugged and failed to get relief you should try this
famous Belt, It srupplles new life, and that is what you want CALL
OR SEND FOR MY BOOK ABOUT IT. CLOSELY S_IAI__D,
FREE.
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, •££££•«* L_u
Otftos — — Im te »_■" p-ta.: Saad* 7*. SB to - ireSTSB. SO_— > IK D— OB— __■_■ .
STRANGLED IN A
PORTLAND PARK
Terrible Death of Young
Clara Fitch.
* —
A SUSPECT UNDER ARREST
— • —
•he HAD __et the GULL clan
d__-strn__ly setveral tt__es.
■■"■. r «-; .. -
.
A Scream Was Heard in the Park
Shortly After the Pair Were
Seen to Go Into the
Place,
__$_£_ "Dispatch, to The Call.
PORTLAND. July 20.— Clara Fitch,
the handsome IS-year-old daughter of
George A. Fitch, living at Grand ave
nue and East Irving streets, was stran
gled to death last night in a little park
on the East side, known as Cycle Park.
Frank McDaniel. a truck driver, whose
father lives at Santa Barbara, Cal., is
under arrest for the crime.
Late this afternoon a young man
passing in the direction of the park,
which is really a large clump of trees,
found the body. It lay face downward
in a secluded opening. Broken fern and
trampled grass indicated a struggle.
There were no marks of violence on the
body, though the tongue protruded.
Absence of marks of violence la ac
counted for by the fact that the girl,
the evening being cool, wore a high
thick velvet "choker." which neck cov
ering is fashionable now.
The identity of the dead girl was not
established until several hours after the
body was brought to the Morgue.
Detectives were set to work and soon
learned that Miss Fitch had been keep
ing company with McDaniel, but his
presence in her home had been forbid
den by her parents. It was soon learned
that she met him by appointment one
block from her home about dark last
night and they walked together in the
direction of Cycle Park, about a mile
distant.
McDaniel after his arrest freely ad
mitted having met her and walked
with her to the park, but asserted that
he escorted her back to within a block
of her home, where he left her about
11 o'clock. The manner of telling his
story left little doubt in the minds of
the detectives that he is guilty. A
woman living near the park heard a
scream from the direction where the
body was found about 10 o'clock last
night, but as it was not repeated she
paid no further attention to it.
The physicians began an autopsy at
10 o'clock this evening, but the result of
their investigation will be withheld
frorn^ the public till to-morrow. The
post-mortem had not been finished at
12:30 a. m. It is given out that there
is evidence of assault before the mur
der was committed The girl's father
is a locomotive engineer on the South
ern Pacific and will be in on his run
to-morrow morning. The mother was
prostrated to-day on account of her
daughter's absence from home last
night, and the news of the murder, by
the physician's order, has not been
communicated to her.
FARMERS SUFFER FROM
GOVERNMENT'S NEGLECT
The Sacramento River Becomes
Choked and Navigation Is
Impeded.
RED BLUFF, July 20.— Neglect of
the Government In having work done
on the Sacramento River has resulted
in a great loss to farmers of Tehama
County because of the foul condition of
the stream. The Sacramento Trans
portation Company has notified the
people that It will not be able to run
its boats north of the town of Tehama
until after a rise in the river. Through
the efforts of Congressman Geary, sev
eral years ago, the channel was cleacred
of snags and deepened on the riffles,
which resulted in the river being navi
gated and freight rates to Red Bluff
being greatly reduced. Since that time,
although the Seizer has lair, at the
wharf at Sacramento for many months
at a time, nothing has been done to
keep, the river open, and now farmers
of Tehama County must suffer the
penalty for the gleet of the Govern
ment in protecting their Interest.
Cooley's Odd Will.
SANTA ROSA, July 20.— "1 desire to be
dressed in a white shirt, white cotton
drawers and socks and interred in a
casket costing not to exceed $40. to be
buried by the Masonic fraternity from the
house ln which I may die. and that my
grave be dug in Riverside Cemetery so
that the box in which the casket is placed
may touch that In which my dear wife
was interred." The above paragraph is
the first of the last will and testament of
the late Charles H. Cooley, the well
known Cloverdale pioneer, which was
filed for probate here this afternoon. The
estate disposed of is a large on* and
through the entire will the same attention
to detail has been observed. William T.
Brush. Conrad Hall and T. B. Wilson are
named as appraisers and the salary* to
be allowed them is fixed at i' per day.
J. B. Cooley and A. E. Copley are named
as executors. The will fixes their com
pensation at $2 50 per day and no more.
Explicit Instructions concerning the erec
tion of the monument are given, even to
the wording to be placed on the shaft.
Catcher Pace Weds.
SANTA CRUZ. July 20.— Another one of
the Sand Crabs' baseball team has taken
unto himself a wife. This time it is the
well-known catcher. W. R. Pace, who was
married last evening to Miss May Ward
at the home of her parents on Chestnut
avenue. Judge Stanley performed the
ceremony.
34
Seorge Sreon Jfnocks Out So/f.
*Doble's 9?ew JCorse-'Devetoping !Plan.
ffioyal ffiaron Wins 32 Stakes. \
GREEN DEFEATS
CHARLEY GOFF IN
THE NINETEENTH
A Boxing Bout Replete
With Action.
— ♦ —
END COMES UNEXPECTEDLY
— ♦ —
JONES IS BUSTLED OUT OF
THE RING BY JEFFORDS.
.
Stays Down Ten Seconds in the Fifth
Round and a Burlesque Bout
Is Awarded the White
Man-
George Green defeated Charley Goff in
the nineteenth round of their light in the
arena of the National Athletic Club,
"Woodward's Pavilion, last night. The
end came unexpectedly, Green himself
for just an Instant being as surprised ns
the spectators. The beginning of the end
was scented by those in attendance in tile
eighteenth round. Green swung his left
and, landing, knocked Goff to his knees.
He staved down the limit and upon ris
ing was again knocked down. The bell
saved him, as Green was full of fight.
When the gong clanged for the nine
teenth round Golf's brain had not cleared
sufficiently and Green soon broke down
his guard. He rained a perfect torrent of
blows upon Goff, but none touched a vul
nerable spot. Goff clinched to avoid pun
ishment and the men struggled all over
the ring. The spectators were in a perfect
frenzy of excitement, all being on their
feet and yelling encouragement to the
tired boxers. In one of the rushes across
the ring Green stumbled it the rope and
pitched headlong out of the ring to the
tloor. Goff at the same time fell to his
knees from exhaustion.
Willing hands fairly tossed Green into
the ring and the men went at it again,
exchanging blow for low . At this time
each seemed to have a chance to win.
Both were tired and clinched again. Green
being wrestled to the ropes. When they
broke Goff backed away, Green following.
Green swung his left and although Goff
seemed just out or inge the glove
reached the delicate nerve center at the
front of the chin. Goff's hands dropped
to his side, his nerves seemed paralyzed
iind refused to support his swaying body.
Green was lick to see his advantage
and stepping in, placed a crushing rignt
oil the jaw.
Goff dropped like a log and lay uncon
scious on the canvas door of the ring.
The counting of ten. seconds was a mere
formality, as the defeated man did not
move a muscle. When Goff fell Green
took one look at him and then walked
away, knowing he would be returned the
victor. When Goff had been counted out,
Green went to his assistance and helped
to lift him from the door. The van
quished man did not revive readily, and
it was some time before he could leave
tne ring.
There were several periods of the light
when Green looked a certain loser. Goff
dazed him, but did not follow up his ad
vantage, thus giving Green a much
needed opportunity to collect his scattered
thoughts. Green was aggressive through
out, playing aim entirely tor the body,
working his left hand unceasingly on
Golf's stomach. Goff's blows at times
lacked direction, his vicious right and left
swings going wide of their mark.
Green hadj a load at rst, but this was
overcome by Goff, who in turn had the
advantage. The men hit In th, clinches
and the epeetators took sides as to which
man was doing the alleged fouling. Ac
cording to the rules the men could hit
with one arm free. This they did through
out, neither having any the better of the
arrangement.
Green was attended by Bob McArthur,
Frank Foster and "Danny" Needham;
while "Billy" Madden and "Jimmy" Law
lor cared for Goff. 11. B. Cook made nia
reappearance as referee. He wore a
long Prince Albert coat, the clerical ap
pearance of which, was offset by a rakish
cap. Billy Jordan did not act ai announc
er, his place being taken by D. V. Denehy.
The lirst attraction was a burlesque. It
was billed as a twenty-round bout be
tween Jim Jeffords of Sonora, who wanted
to stay four rounds with Champion Jim
Jeffries recently, and Bob Jones, a colored
"phenom" from lx>s Angeles.
Both men ere willing enough and In
good condition, but neither apparently had
a good punch in him, and Jones put' him
self out in the fifth by a fall over the
ropes.
In what fighting was done Jeffords led
from the start save in the fourth round,
when the colored man did most of the
mixing.
Jeffords opened the first with a pair of
wild swings at head and ribs; he missed
both but the colored man retired to a post
and with his head under his arm permit
ted the Sonora man to hammer him wild
ly until the bell signaled the end of the
round.
Jones undoubled for a moment in the
second with a swing for the jaw and Jef
fords replied with a misdirected upper
cut and then put his right and left on the
Los Angeleno's ribs and jaw. Jones ma
behind the post again, while Jeffords re
sumed his tattoo on the ribs.
Not more than one blow in half a dozen
found anything more substantial than the
smoky atmosphere. Jeffords time "and
again had his man at his mercy, but could
not land on him. The drubbing he did
get the darky took good-hum • but
made little effort to get back until the
fourth round, when he unlimbered his
right for two jabs on the heart and a
vicious swing on the point of the jaw. He
found the heart again and Jeffords inter
rupted matters with an awkward clinch,
which Jones broke with the right and left
twice on the head. Jeffords closed the
round with a fierce straight on the chin.
The fifth round put the crowd in too
good humor to jeer. Jeffords opened It
with a series of ■■'• lid swings hat resulted
In nothing more serious than a laugh from
the crowd; he followed it with others like
It, and Jones made a run for his post.
Jeffords rooted him out with a bunch of
nestling swats on the ribs and the terrified
Jones fled for the opposite corner. The
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
frcm it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
* O J
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,"
a soap with no free al-
kali m it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores coll it, especially
druggists} all sorts of people use it.
LIPTON HAS
GREAT FAITH IN
THE SHAMROCK
Fastest on His Side of
the Ocean.
— ♦ —
TO BE RIGGED AT ONCE
— ♦ —
FOR THE VOYAGE ACROSS THE
ATLANTIC.
*
The Prince of Wales Also Pleased
With, the Challenger, and As
sures Sir Thomas of Fair
Play.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOUTHAMPTON. July 20.— Thomas
Lipton, owner of the Shamrock, was in
terviewed to-day regarding the damage, if
any, sustained by the Shamrock in
grounding off South Sea at the conclusion
of yesterday's trial race with the Britan
nia. Sir Thomas said:
"We are so convinced that yesterday's
grounding of the Shamrock was perfect
ly harmless that we are not even going
to have tlie yacht examined.
"The Shamrock will forthwith be rigged
for her trans-Atlantic voyage, upon which
she will sail as soon as possible, I hope by
the end of this month. After the trial
races this week both Mr. Fife and myself
were convinced that the Shamrock is a
magnificent vessel and the fastest ever
seen on this side of the ocean. The way
in which she ran away from the Britannia
proves that she is not merely the better
boat, but an except) fine racer. you
must ember she was not seen at her
best either day. Tuesday she did not
carry as much canvas as the Britannia,
while yesterday she had a smaller main
sail than It is Intended she shall carry.
We can set a much larger mainsail In the
coming contests if ii should be deemed
advisable. We are satisfied that If yes
terday's race had been completed the
challenger would have won by half an
hour. The Shamrock has realized Mr.
Fife's fullest anticipations, and I myself
am mere than satisfied.
"Of course, l cannot show how the Sham
rock compares with the Columbia, but we
are satisfied that we have a game boat,
and calculating by her performances
against the Britannia and the latter's
against the Vigilant and the Valkyrie, we
expect to make at least a good showing."
Sir Thomas Lipton added: "I would like
to reiterate through the Associated Press
my heartiest appreciation of the manner
in which the Americans have conducted
all negotiations. They have acted
throughout ilk, sportsmen, and If 1 had
made all the arrangements myself I could
not have drawn up more satisfactory reg
ulations. As the Prince of Wales said
with emphasis after Tuesday's contest
when expressing the highest admiration
of the Shamrock at dinner on board th(
Erin, 'I hope the best boat may .but
In any case I know, Sir Thomas, that you ]
will be sure of meeting fail play from our
American friends and that the contest for
the America's cup will be can out on
both sides in the true sporting spirit, with
love of justice.'
"In reply 1 assured the Prince of Wales
that the support he had given and the i
keen Interest he had manifested in tho
challenger had been the greatest stimulus
and the greatest encouragement in view
of the peculiar circumstances of the chal- i
lenge." tftf'
It appears that the Prince of Wales ex
perienced much trouble in boarding the
Britannia yesterday morning. A choppy
sc-a was running at the time and waves
surged up between the Britannia an the
launch carrying the Prince, drenching his
Royal Highness to the skin. He persist
in his purpose, however, and finally board
ed the yacht, though his attendants were
most anxious; as they feared that he
might again sprain his knee, which is still
weak, in jumping aboard.
It is report",! that the New York Yacht
Club has consented to tlie Shamrock be
ing towed by the Erin in the event of be
ing becalm In crossing the Atlantic.
Two strong hawsers are being made at
Cowes for use ill this event.
The Shamrock is a mere shell and quito
empty below her deck. When the Prince
of Wales boar her and went below he
found himself in a vessel destitute -en of
ordinary partitions, and, looking from end
to end, he said In a surprised way: "Why,
she's like a street, perfectly empty."
The correspondent of the Associate*!
Press had an Interview to-day with Cap
tain Carter, who besides Bailing the Brit
annia commanded the Qenesta when suc
cessful in American waters. When told
that Sir Thomas Lip ton would have won
by half an hour yesterday Captain Carter
replied: "Yes, I believe she would. She
is a splendid boat, With regard to the
criticism that she did not sail so well as
mignt have been expected before the wind,
it must be remembered that she carried
only her small topsail. Nobody will be
more pleased than myself to see the
Shamrock win. The Prince of Wales was
undoubtedly delighted to have the Sham
rock prove such a flyer, as we want to
capture the America's cup if we can.
Without the slightest doubt the Shamrock
is magnificent in beating to windward. '
Captain Carter, who has no sympathy
with the policy of enveloping the Sham
rock in a fog of mystery", said that the
Americans have shown that they have
nothing to learn from Great Britain in the
building of racing yachts. "There was no
need to wrap up the Shamrock In petti
coats. The Americans probably know as
much about her as they desire."
The Shamrock sailed for the Clyde this
afternoon.
Sonoran held him up half way. adminis
tered another series of vicious misses and
shoved him through the ropes.
He landed on his Dack at the edge of the
platform, started to get up, but thought
better of it, and lav down again until
counted out. The decision was given to
Jeffords. <
Cycle Men Banquet.
The members of the Cycle Board of
Trade sat down to their anriual banquet
last night at the Vitlcultural restaurant
on Pine street. The affair was a partic
ularly enjoyable one, spiced with speech
and song, and the members of the board
entered heartily into the spirit of the oc
casion. . '
James 11. Hamilton officiated as toast
master and "Jimmie." as the boys famil
iarly term him, made everybody who sat
around the big table sing a song or tell
the sad story of their lives.
The following were present: James H.
Hamilton. Frank McDaughlan, Joseph
Holle, W. J. Kenney, H. Nagle, Edward
Rener, G. W. Peyton, J. W. Cornell. C. F.
Mfartwell, W. B. Morill and M. C. Baker.
Tho following bicycle companies were also
represented: White Sewing Machine Com
pany, Pacific Novelty and Shipping Com
pany, Optic & Brown, Manson Cycler>\
Morgan & Wright, Leavitt & Bill, E. C.
Steams & Co., Devany, Hopkins & Co.;
Pope Manufacturing Company, Goodrich
& Co., Yosemite Cycle Company and Ob
enhauser & Hurley.
Pictures of Volunteers.
The Wasp this week contains a number
of very handsome illustrations of the re
ception of the Oregon volunteers. The
society racing at Burlingame is also de
pleted. The quarrel between the Federal
quarantine authorities and the State of
ficials and the Agnewa Asylum scandal
furnish material for strong cartoons. The
theaters are written up in breezy style
and the doings of the financial world
tersely reviewed. One of the most amus
ing things in this week's number is a
satire on .the enterprise of the alleged
monarch of the dailies in claiming credit
for having rescued the marooned egg
hunters on the Faraliones. The stories,
editorials, etc., In the Wasp are, as usual,
very bright and readable.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JULY 21, 1599.
...The Sporting World.
ROYAL BARON
WHS THE RICH
TROTTING STAKE
Captures Ten Thou
sand Purse.
CLOSE OF A GREAT CONTEST
— -♦ —
SOME MAGNIFICENT RACING
AT DETROIT.
*■
In the First Heat of the 2:08 Trot
The Abbot Lowers the Season's
Record From 2:10
to 2:07 1-2.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT, Mich., July 20.— Again the
unexpected happened in the Merchants'
and Manufacturers' $10, trotting stake.
This afternoon Royal Baron, a compara
tive outsider, became the winner of the
rich prize. Bui it was not won without
effort, for never was there a finer struggle
In a horse race than the one put up by
King Mond, who, won two of the heats |
and finished second in the other five. '
SIDE LIGHTS AT THE NATIONAL ATHLETIC CLUB BOXING.
The meeting of George Green and Charley Goff at Woodward's Pavilion last night resulted in a victory for the Call
fornlan. In the nineteen rounds which the bout lasted there was a lot of stiff punching, the tide of battle"" favoring each
in turn. The preliminary between Jeffords and Jones was a burlesque, neither displaying any science. The colored man
was wrestled to the floor in the fifth round and remained down until counted out. • ,;::
Royal Baron is a six-year-old bay horse,
bred by Colonel Stoner of Kentucky, and
is tie property of N. W. Hubinger of
New Haven. He was nominated for the
race by A. J. Hans of Johnstown, Pa,,
deceased, from whose estate Mr. Hub
inger purchased him. Up to yesterday
when he won one M. and M. heat in - : 14*
his best mark was 2:23 V
To top off an afternoon of magnificent
racing in the first heat of the 2:08 trot
The Abbot lowered the season's trotting
record from 2:10, made by Surpol on Tues
day, to 2:o7'^.
The first money won by Royal Baron
amounts to 15460. A $2000 consolation will
be trotted Saturday.
When the Merchants' and Manufactur- j
ers' stake was called at 12:35 o'clock the ,
four heat winners of yesterday and three !
I less fortunate horses faced Starter Ilayt.
After scoring for the fifth time they were j
; given the word and King Mond went out
in front and stayed there, winning all the
way, although Success was always close
enough to be dangerous. Before the next
heat all but the four heat winners were
withdrawn. Just as they were sent away
King Mond broke and before he got down
the others obtained a good lead. The
j Queen cut out the going until thee turned
Into the last quarter, when Royal Baron
came with a rush, took the lead and held
it, finishing a half-length in front of King .
Mond, who had again caught the bunch.
Despite his. having broken, King Mond
kept In front in the final heat from the I
' first eighth to the three-quarters, when
Royal Baron's rush again came Into cvi
! dence and landed him under the wire a
head to the good. Amid the cheers of
more than 8000 people present the winner
was led away covered with a beautiful
blanket of flowers.
The final heat of the 2:07 class pace, un- ;
finished last night, was won in the fast |
time of 2:07*4 by Sherman Clay. Bel Esprit
in the 2:07 trot had no trouble in winning.
Edith W lost the first heat of the 2:12
; pace to Fanny Dillard, but after that she j
was not In danger.
The Abbot was favorite In the fast trot
| ting class, and Justified his selection.
Geers captured the first heat with one of
! his famous drives In the stretch. When
1 The Abbot broke before the tlrst eighth
. in the next heat it put him out for the
'< time being, but in the last two he was as
■ steady as clockwork and won both. Geers
afterward explained that Kentucky
Union's Bulky had bumped into him.
After three heats of the 2:15 pace had
1 gone to three different horses the Judges
I postponed it until to-morrow on account
lof darkness. Summaries:
Merchants' and Manufacturers' $10,000 stake,
I for 2:24 class trotters, unfinished from yester
! day:
I Royal Baron, b. h. by Baron
i Wilkes, dam Daisy Black
wood (Spears) 13 13 7 16 11
1 King Mond, b. g. (Marsh) 12 2 2 12 2
j Success, g. g. (McHenry) 10 1 6 12 2 3 4
The Queen, blk. m. (Geers)... 9 8 16*43
! Starmont, rh. g. (Walil) 5 6 3 7 4 Dr.
! Lady Wellington, eh. m. (An
, drews) " 4 8 3 7 Dr.
I Dainty Daffee. blk. m. (Bald
( win) 12 12 5 6 5 Dr.
Wilask, b. s. (Ecker) 2 5 1110 Dr.
Escobar br. h. (Miller) 3 8 13 9 Dr.
Bertha Lee, blk. m. (Laird)... 4 9 4 11 Dr.
Dan Wilkes, eh. g. (Dawson).. 7 7 9 4 Dr.
I Chain Shot. b. g. (Laabs) 8 10 12 8 Dr.
Michael Strogoff, b. g. (Mc-
Carthy) 6 11 10 Dr.
Granite, b. g. (Foote) Dls.
Time 2:15*4, *:_*. 2:104. 2:12*4, 2:10*4, 2:12*4,
2:13* 4 .
Pacing, 2:07 class, purse $2000 (unfinished yes
terday), Sherman Clay won Becond. third and
fifth heats. Time, 2:1*7*4, 2:06%, 2:07 V Pearl
Onward won the fourth heat in 2:07*4, and
I was second. Egosen won the flrst heat in
| 2 08*4 and was third. Miss Logan, Lady of the
■ Manor, Charles 8., Ananias, William Wallace,
I Scribner and Royal R. Sheldon also started.
Trotting 2:27 class, purse $1200, Bel Esprit
won'flrst and second heats. Time, 2:12%. 2:12*4.
Derby Lass was second, and Black Robert
third. Cornelia Belle, David Ilarum, McAdams,
•Lady Ethelyn, Princess Pluck, Fitzhugh L*e,
Lasso, Edwin Winters, . Hopper Grass, Bert
lien-. Lou M., Quetzel and Kerollte also
started. * - * *- •
Pacing 2:12 class, purse $1200," Edith W. won
second and third heats. Time. 2:064. 2:OT*».
Fanny Dillard won the first heat ln 2:08*4, and
was second. Little Frank was thifd. Will
Leyburn, Lord Rosebery, Harry Omer Donogh,
Golden Prince, White Hose, Fairvlew, You
Bet, Lily of the Valley. Harry C, Dartel, The
Airship, Laverna, Miss Margaret and Miss
Mavme also started.
Trotting. 2:08 class, purse $2000, The Abbot
won first, third and fourth heats. Time, 2:07 V
2:09. 2:10%. Mattie Patterson won the second
heat in 2:09*4, and, was second. John Nolan
was third. Kentucky Union and Monterey also
started.
Pacing, 2:15 class, purse $2000 (unfinished),
Hontas Crooke won the second heat In 2:09.
N'erva Patchen won the first heat in 2:08. The
Maid won the third heat in 2:08*4. Wiltraby,
Roan Dick, Star Hal, Blaze Boy, Maronial.
Sweet Violet. Rosa _.. Maximilian. Walnut
Lad, Bay Leaf, Gypsy Red Johnny <* Lolita.
Gyp Walnut. Daisy EL, Pat Hugo, Lady Prince
and Scapegoat also started.
ON OTHER EASTERN TRACKS.
Prejudice Wins the Distaff Stake at
Brighton Beach.
NEW TORK, July There were two
stakes and a special sweepstake on the card
to-day at Brighton Beach; and they drew a
large crowd to the track. For the Distaff Fond
Hopes was an cdds--on favorite. Jugglery went
to the front at the start and ran there to the
stretch, where Prejudice went out and won
easily. In the Babylon stakes A N* B. was the
favorite, but could do no better than fourth.
Sky Scraper and St. Clalr made all the run
ning head and bead and they kept that way
all through the race, being heads apart at the
finish In a drive. The sweepstakes was between
Maribert and Montanlc, with the latter a pro
hibitive favorite. Maribert, however, won in a
common gallop by a couple of lengths. Re
sults:
Five furlongs, selling— Ladyship won,
Midwood second, Smoke third. Time, 1:01 1-5.
One mile— Cambrian won, rnarentu? second,
Grey Jacques third. Time, 1:41.
The Distaff, five and a half furlongs—Preju
dice won. Jugglery second. Laureate third.
Time, 1:08 3-5.
The Babylon, selling, seven furlongs— Sky-
Scraper won, St. Clair second, Roysterer third.
Time, 1:27 1-5.
Six furlongs— Prince of Melbourne won.
Plucky second, Shoreham third. Time, 1:15 1-5.
Six furlongs Maribert won, Montanic second.
Time, 1:15 .-7.
i lie and a sixteenth mile*, selling— Dan Rice
won, Leando second, Passaic third. Time,
1:49 3-5.
ST. LOUIS, July 20.— Track fast and dusty.
Results:
Selling;, Fix furl ngs Fourth Ward won. Hill
Billy second, „ady Osborne third. Time, 1:15*4
Six and a half furlongs— Alleviate won, '■
Guide Rock second, Sly third. Time. 1:22%.
Selling, two-year-olds, six furlongs -Arthur'
Behan won, fan Robert second, Glls!>ando
third. Time, 1 I
Sfllir.tr, one n lie anl seventy yards — Rnn
sin won Llvadla second, FYlesland third.
St-lllng, six furl'incf=--T'ii]ng Pixon won,
: bi • md, Eai ter ( lard thlrJ. Time,
1:151,4.
Hand • Trimmer won, Ladas
! :i».
CHICAGO, July 20 Weather <-!ear and track
fast a: : Results:
Five furlongs EJrla dOr won, llerlto second,
Zaza third. Time, 1:01%!
Seven furlongs, selling- Mary Kinzelia won,
Loyaletta second. Fitfall third. Time. 1:27%.
Mufat finished first, but was disqualified for
fou 1 1 ng.
Seven furlongs, Felling Fair Deceiver won,
Sim second, Miss Rosa third. Time, 1:28.
One and a quarter miles, polling — Finer won,
Mayme 7,1 if second. Prince Blazes third. Time,
2:09*4:
One Gadsden won. Three Bars second,
False Lead third Time. 1:43*1.
One mile— Silver Tone won, Jim McLeevy sec
ond, Uncle Abb third. Time. l:41"i.
JOCKEY MARTIN WINS.
His First Appearance on an English
Track Is Successful.
LIVERPOOL, July 20.— The American
jockey Martin made his first appearand*
on the English track to-day at the Liv
erpool July meeting.
In the race for the St. George's stakes
of 1000. sovereigns Martin finished first on
Sir Waldie Griffith's Sweet Marjorie. The
j betting was 10 to 1 against Sweet Mar
i Jorie.
Martin created a most favorable impres
sion and was heartily cheered after win
ning. He has been engaged to ride Sir
Waldie Griffith's St. la for the Liverpool
cup to-morrow.
DID THIS MAN
COMMIT SUICIDE.
£-_-_*, HE police have the mysterious
disappearance of a resident of
Santa Barbara on their hands
( J, and up to the present all their
efforts to obtain a trace of him
have been futile. The man is Albert
A. Van Voorhies, a nickel-in-the-slot
machine agent.
About a week ago Chief Dees re
ceived a tetter frm A an Voorhies' wife.
in which she wrote that her husband
left Santa Barbara on the' night of
June 15 on ' the steamer Corona for
Astoria, Or., taking with him six or
seven machines. He was a sick man,
being troubled with his head and was
not able to do laborious work. He was
last heard from a few days after he
left, having written the following let
ter from fort Harford on Juno 16:
"Darling Wife: The Corona stays
here til! 11 a. m. The Santa Rosa Is
lying on the north side of the dock
It is very dark and foggy here. I coulc
not tell you by word, love, but 3-ot
must know. It's over, all over. Yot
are free. I am no more. Good-by anc
God bless you. Yours till we meet or
high. Your husband, Albert A. Var
Voorhies, has gone, that's all."
On receipt of this startling letter
Mrs. Van Voorhies made Inquiry at the office of the steamship company, but
her husband's name was not on the passenger list, and she came to the con
clusion that for some reason he had given an assumed name. She felt sure
he had not deserted her. as a kinder man never lived. She and his mother
thought he might have come to this city and committed suicide or been
taken suddenly ill and dying for want of proper attendance. He baa an un
cle in Sacramento of the same name. He weighs about 160 pounds, ls 5 feet
8 Inches tall, rather light hair, mustache and brown eyes.
Z The police at once started an investigation, but could find no trace of
the missing man either along the water front or in any of the city hos
pitals. Three of tfie slot machines came here on the steamer Corona, but as
no one claimed them, they were stored with the Pacific Transfer Company.
ROOD DOBLE, THE
NOTED REINSMAN,
IN A NEW ROLE
Will Develop Cali
fornia Horses.
— « —
TO BE SOLD IN THE EAST
— ♦ —
ESTABLISHES HEADQUARTERS
AT GILROY TRACK.
♦
Twenty-Eight Trotters and Pacers,
Purchased From A. B. Spreckels,
the Material Upon Which
He Will Work.
Budd Doble, the most widely known
trottlng-horse driver in the world, has
embarked in a venture which will be
•watched with interest hy all persons in
terested in horses, and especially by all
Californians. He lias purchased from A.
B. Spreckels twenty-eight lead of horses,
Including trotters and pacers.
These he will develop according to his
own methods and will fit them for the
Eastern market. The best will naturally
find their way to the tracks, while the
others will make excellent road horses
for the gentlemen drivers. The breeding
is all that can be desired. Nine are by
Cupid, fourteen by Aptos Wilkes, four
by Dexter Prince and one by Wildnut.
As to ages, twelve are three-year-olds,
twelve four-year-olds, while four are five
year-olds. Their dams were all carefully
selected, some being by Speculation, oth
ers by Dexter Prince and the remainder
by Abbotsford.
They have all been broken to harness
and then turned out without further han
dling, so that Doble will have the oppor
tunity of forming their habits. The vet
eran relnsman has selected the Gilroy
racetrack as headquarters and all the
work on the horses will be done there.
"I feel proud of the horses," said Mr.
Doble last night. "'ln all my experience
I never saw a higher class of horses bred
by one owner. Mr. Spreckels has used
excellent judgment in his selection of
sires, not hesitating to go outside his own
farm in order to blend some great speed
line with those of the horses on his own
farm."
The name of Budd Doble la Inseparably
linked with the story of the development
of the American trotter. Ten times he
has driven a horse in record time for the
mile, the standard of speed in trotters.
Dexter, Goldsmith Maid and Nancy
Hanks were the equine stars with which
he accomplished the feat. In all Mr.
Ddble has spent the working days of
thirty-four years in the sulky, in which
time he has sat behind the most famous
trotters in 'he world.
J. D. Redding Arrives.
Joseph D. Redding arrived in the city
from New York night before last and
went to Meeker's Grove yesterday to at
tend the midsummer high jinks of the
Bohemian Club. He will sojourn In Cali
fornia for two weeks.
ALBERT A. VAN VOORHIES.
Pi'y Pace Jrom Purlinyame.
Vhe Shamrock Very JViyh/y Praised.
7)oy Show at Santa Barbara.
- — , — : — : — : — r~T — v -. A .-*. .-. a .-. s\ /-.
KENNEL SHOW AT
SANTA BARBARA
IS A SUCCESS
Dogs of All Degrees
Arrayed.
— ♦ —
AWARDING OF THE PRIZES
MR. FITHIAN'S GENEROUS ACT
TO COMPETITORS.
Visiting Members of the National
Educational Association Take
Great Interest in the
Exhibition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, July 20.— Such a
dog show as the one now in progress has
probably never been witnessed. It cer
tainly Is unprecedented on this coast. It
Is ostensibly a dog show, but In reality
it is an adjourned meeting of the National
Educational Association Convention.
The corridors of the Arlington Hotel,
which is the headquarters of the exhibi
tors, are crowded all day long with school
teachers learning canine lore from the
dog men. It is quite a unique experience
for the habitues of the bench shows to
hear talk about haws, couplings, briskets
and flanks tailing glibly from the mouths
of fair pedagogues, who seem as enthusi
astic as the exhibitors themselves.
The judging of the regular prizes was
concluded to-day and to-morrow the ex
hibition will terminate with the bestowal
of the special prizes.
In connection with these one very
sportsmanlike act is worthy of special
mention. R. B. Flthian, who offered a
very handsome silver cup for the best ter
rier owned in Santa Barbara County, won
the special himself, and then offered it
for the best terrier in the show. It was
awarded to G. L. Waiting's Sweet William
amid th,- plaudits of the spectators at
Mr. Fithian's generous and thoroughly
sportsmanlike action.
Quite a sensation was caused by the ap
pearance In the Judging ring of William
ooth, Chihuahua dog. It is by Don
Juan de Chihuahua, out of Juanita. The
"monster" weighed 28*4 ounces and was
entirely covered from view when held in
his proud owner's hand.
The judging was resumed at 2:30 this
afteroon and the cocker spaniels were the
first to appear on the scene. The follow
ing is the complete list of awards:
Mastiffs, novice dogs— First. Alden M.
Boyd's Bismack, by Royal ex Mona.
Great Danes novice dogs and bitches-
First, C. C. Park's Bell.
Dogs— First, Miss L. P.. Hart's Riband
11 by Strohm ex Mignon; second. Mrs.
J. B. R. Whitehead's Viking (late Czar),
by Caesar ex Nellie; third, George W.
Kellv's Star, by Jumbo ex Belle S.
Bitches— L. E. Hart's Marjel 11, by
Str<>hm ex Mignon.
Champion bit, dies— J. 1.. Cunningham's
Champion Juanita, by Strohm ex Queen C.
St. Bernards, rough - coated puppies,
dogs— First, King Kamehameha, by Duk?
D ex Lorelei.
Puppies, bitches— A. C. Grant's Queen
Regent, by Fray Bernardo ex Princess
Ptara,
Novice dogs — First, Mark G. Jones'
Duke D, by Caesar H ex Erica of Hauen
stein.
Novice bitches First, Orangedale Bute.
by Melrose D ex Lady Bute H.
Open dogs — First, Miss Lorraine's Omar
Khayyam by Orangedale Princess ex
Lady Bute H; second, Mrs. C. Lilling
sten's Barry of Glen Rosa of California,
by Bernardo ex Lady Bute 11.
Bitches— First, W. K. Murphy's Lady
Bute 11, by Reglor ex Lady Bute II; see
end. Miss Ixirraine's Lorelei, by Cham
pion Grand .Master ex Lady Bute II;
third, W. R. Murphy's Orangedale Bute,
by Melrose 11 ex Lady Bute H.
Winners' bitches— C. A. Smart's
Princess Bcheherezade, by Reglor ex Em
press Frances.
Champion dogs— First. Mrs. C. G. Saxe's
King Mi nelik, by Reglor ex Empress
Frances.
Bloodhounds, puppies, dogs and bitches
— First, Byron Erkenbrecner's General
Funs ton, by Ready ex Queen.
Pointers— First, T. E. Walker's Lassie
K. by Sargent Kent ex Amaryllis.
English setters, puppies, dogs— J. B.
Quintero's Napoleon Gladstone, by Kan
sas Rod ex Stamboleta.
Puppies, bitches— C. A. laud's Ruth
Gladstone, by Kansas Rod ex Stamboleta.
Novice dogs— D. B. Stevenson's Grouse
F, by Monk of Furness ex Blades Dart.
Open dogs— First, Grouse F, by Monk of
Furness ex Blades Dart; second, W. L.
Whepley's Sport. W.
Bitches C. A. Load's Stamboleta, by
Valiento ex Lady Stamboul.
Champion bitches— H. A. Wegener's
Qui of Counts, by Harold ex Countess
Noble.
Gordon setters— T. Helf rich's Don Carlo.
Field spaniels— Miss F. Rutherford's
Brownie, by Gifts Rex ex Spaniel.
Cocker spaniels, other than black novice
dogs—William OothOUt's .Cocoa by Obispo
ex Blackbird E.
Cocker spaniels, other than black bitches
—Mrs. O. B. Chambers' Queen of Hearts
by Red Mack ex Wilson's Tootsie.
Champion dogs— Redwood Cocker Ken
nels' Colorado by Red Mack ex Woodland
Molly.
t Champion bitches— Redwood Cocker
Kennels' Tootsie W by Woodland Duke ex
Peg Woffington. .-••
Cocker spaniels, black, puppies, dogs
First, Mrs. O. 1.. Chambers' Mono by Im
ported Monk ex Imported Queen of
Hearts; second, Mrs. J. T. Gould's Black
Diamond by Cocoa ex Princess Carmen
cita.
Piipli bitches— First. Fred Flood's Nel
ly by Griffith Rex ex Woodland Trixey;
second, Mrs. O. B. Chambers' Chona by
imp. Monk ex Jude. ■ •"- 7 ■■*•'.. .' : ;
Novice, bitches— First, Mrs. McLared's
Coffee ex Blackie.
Bitches— Miss Louise Hart Mag
gie Thornhill; second, Henry Dater s
Woodland Trixey.
Winners, dogs— First. Redwood Cocker
Kennels' Dufferino Pastime by Champion
Viscount ex Champion Polly Pastime.
Champion, dogs— First, Redwood Cocker
Kennels' Polly Pastime by Woodland
Clipper ex Margherlta. <s_®«R_**Y
Collies, black and white, open, dogs-
First, Stewart & Son's Ormskirk Yarrow
by Ormskirk Blueher ex Tris.
Other than tricolor, puppies. dogs-
First, Stewart & Son's Ormskirk Duke by
Ormskirk Blueher ex-Shadeland Lassie.
Puppies, bitches— First, Stew-art & Son's
Rose Roy by Rob Roy ex Crapton Moss
Rose.
Dogs— First, Stewart & Son's imported
Ormskirk Blueher by Ormskirk Welling
ton ex i ah, by Duchess; second, O. J. Al
bee's Major welton by Champion Welles
bourn Charlie ex Roslyn Constanc**" third,
11. C, Dr. W. A. M. Dunbar's Mac II;
prize withheld. E.i <..-.-.
Bitches— First, O. J. Albee's Queen's
Bounty, by Champion Southport-Perfec
tion. ex Alton-Vixen; second, Stewart &
Son's Rose Roy by Rob Roy, ex Crapton-
Moss Rose; third, O. J. Albee's Roslyn
Daisy by Max. ex Roslyn-Constance: re- <
serve, Stewart & Son's Tris by General
Stark, ex Sunshine. '■ 'V
Winners, dogs— First, O. J. Albee's
Ormskirk Emerald Jr., by Champlon-
Ormskirk Emerald, ex imported Queen's
Bounty.
Bull terriers, novice bitches— First, A.
Rutherford's Daisy.
Dogs— First, B. Erkenbrecker's Teddy
Roosevelt by Woodcote-Venoni; ex Rene;
second, withheld; third,' G. C. Sherman's
Dewey.
Fox terriers, smooth-coated, puppies,
dogs— First. G. L. Warring's Sweet Wil
liam, by Ch. Alden Swagger, ex Snow
flake; second, R. Y. Haynes' Nick, ex
Fanny.
Novice dogs— R. Y. Haynes* Nick;
second, R. B. Fithian's Pat, by Bonnie
Budge, ex Defender; third, G. E. Deger
holm's Foxle.
Novices, bitches— First, W. R. Mur
phy's Orangedale . Babe, by; . Loralta
WILL RACE FROM
BURLINGAME TO
PALACE HOTEL
Novel Contest of Gen
tlemen Riders.
— — ♦ —
A STRANGE SPORTING MATCH
— ♦ —
DAN MURPHY OFFERS A VAL
UABLE SILVER TROPHY.
♦
Each Rider Will Enter Four Horses,
and Lots Will Then Be Drawn
to Determine Who Will
Use Them.
As an outcome of a discussion among 1
j a group of Burlingame Country Club men
a novel race has been arranged which
promises to be one of the most remark
able ever held here. The route will be
from the cluhhouse at Burlingame to the
courtyard of the Palace Hotel In this city,
a distance of twenty miles. The clever
amateur horsemen already involved in
the good-natured controversy are:
Walter S. Hobart. Harry Sim©ki_B.
Charles "Dunphy. Joe Tobln Jr.
Pete-r Martin. F. J- Carolan.
Ollie Tobln. Richard Tobln.
Joseph S. Tobln.
The race itself will be a memorable one,
but the conditions under which it will be
run add to its novelty. In the first place
Dan Murphy, who is a patron of all gen
tlemanly sports, has offered a valuable
cup for the person who finishes first. In
addition to this the winner will receive
all the entrance money, which is expect
ed to total $1000. These sporting matches
i are common in Europe, where all manner
of odd conditions are imposed upon the
competitors.
It is the novel conditions in this in
stance which will add to the interest of
i the race. If the competitors used what
; ever horses they chose to enter a few of
them could draw upon the racetrack for
their steeds and Interest in the race would
be lost. It has been determined, in order
to obviate this, that each contestant shall
enter four horses, each to go five miles.
These -.-.ill all be named and slips bearing
the names will be placed in a hat. The
riders will then put their fate to the test,
each drawing four slips.
In order to add to the excitement some
blanks will l""' included among the names
of the tried horses. These so-called
blanks will. In reality represent mules
and coach horses, quadrupeds not really
ridden under saddle. Alter the draw each
rider will know what manner of steed
he will have to depend upon and will place
it accordingly.
The route will be by way of the county
road and Mission road Into the city. Tlci
entries of the riders will undoubtedly at
tract as large an attendance as "would the
arrival of the President. It is expected
the police regulations as to speed can be
suspended temporarily and the men can
sail into the city unmolested.
In order to let ln all the riders who
i may choose to enter the lists the top
I weight has been fixed at 175 pounds.
Patchin. ex Lornita Ida."
Dogs— First, R. B. Fithian's Pat, by
Bonny Budge, ex Defender.
Bitches— First "VV. K. Murphy's Orange
dale Babe, by Lornita Patchin, ex Lor
nlta Ida.
Pomeranian novice, dogs and bitches-
First, F. A. Hamsch's Roly Poly.
Japanese spaniels, novice, dogs and
bitches— Mrs. F. A. Hamsch's Japie.
Dogs and bitches First, Mrs. Hamsch's
Japie; second, William Othout's Fugi Sam.
Dachshunds, novice, bitches— A.
D. Martin's Waldlne.
Dogs— D. Martin's Rex M.
Miscellaneous— William Othout's
Chip Chihuahua dog Ito, by Don Juan de
Chtnuahua ex Juai
ANDERSON CRITICIZES
PHILIPPINE CAMPAIGN
Says He Could Have Finished the
War With His Own Divi
sion.
CHICAGO, July 20.— special to the
Tribune from Cincinnati says: Briga
dier General Thomas M. Anderson,
who is at the St. Nicholas, said to-day:
I believe that if we had not been
held back I could have finished the war
with my own division and General
Lawton, who relieved me, is of the
same opinion.
The trouble is that we fellows went
over there to fight, while there wer«
others who attended to the politics and
diplomacy.
The only time that General Otis and
myself disagreed was on this point. 1
held that the war should be pushed ta
completion, while his policy was still
that of conciliation.
Dependable Drugs
Compounds
Correctly
Compounded
Bring your prescriptions to ,
us. We'll fill them with the
purest drugs money can buy.
Experienced men have charge
of our prescription room. Our
checking system prevents pos-
sible mistakes in compounding.
Tincture of Arnica
Made in our laboratory with
best materials and superior lOC
facilities; 2 oz bottle.
Pinkham's Compound
A female remedy which usu- _ r/ .
ally sells for $1. 75 ( -
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
Full size packages are sold ._-
-by most druggists for -joe. 4°**
Pozzoni's Face Powder
A fancy powder for the com-
plexion. Regular price 50c. ___
Some sell for 40c. We are 7-)*-
always lowest.
Packer's Tar Soap
A soap for the head; 3 cakes ._.-
for 50c; regular price 25c. i(J(
fP&W- RATE S^ I 'Jjjll
e_uooiS'v*SL_^%\'^^
, 1 128 Market St /
Tel. South 356. San Francisco
loth and Broadway (Tal. Main 309) OaklandTHE ONLY BRICK
McPHERSON IN
EVIDENCE AGAIN
— ♦
Has Sued T. R. ~avis
for $100,000.
— « —
SERVED TERM IN SAN QUENTIN
— —
HARVEY BROWN, RAILROAD
LAWYER, HIS ADVISER.
«.
Loans of Many Thousands of Dollars
Given to the Plaintiff by Brown
and Others Without Se
curity.
A warrant issued In Oakland yesterday
for the arrt-st of a certain Thomas K.
Dayfs; upon complaint of A. W. (other
wise known as "Brick,.) McPherson,
promises to he the forerunner of a sen-
ntionai story of illicit enterprise en-
;.'.)*■< il in by several prominent people of
hi-; city with "Brick" McPht rson a* the
r.ajoidomo of the venture.
McPherson. who for years has been a
.■ Unknown character in this city, and
win' had the honor of successfully serv
ing a year's term In the penitentiary for
obtaining money under false pretenses.
now accuses "Davis" of subverting to his
own improper uses the sum of "{IOO.GOO, to
the detriment of unnamed associates of
McPherson. The warrant recites that
Davis ls likely to leave the State and
his arrest is Imperative if the rights of
the aggrieved parties are to be pro-
Harvey Brown, a Southern Pacific at- ;
torney, says he has been the legal adviser !
of McPherson for two years, and oil hat j
ground refuses to discuss thy enterprises
concerned in the large amount of m -,[•-.'' i
sued for by his client. The fact is that
McPherson is suspected to have once I
projected :_i extensive scheme for the im- I
portation of unstamped opium here, and
it is known that he interested several
well-known gentlemen in his enterprise
and induced them to put up large sums of
money to assist it. And there is the poa -
sibility that the present warrant has been !
issued against a fictitious personage for
no less a purpose lan to compel the !
prominent federates of the astute
•'Brick" to show further confidence in
the opium venture by assisting him to -
maintain himself until the first cargo of '
"dope" arrives and is successfully land-,
cd. For up to date "Brick's" opium im
portations have been purely "nip--- '■
dreams" within his own active fancy,
and the shareholders have not received
any dividends on their Investments
"Brick" ems to have exercised a hyp
notic influence over several well-known
merchants and professional men who
while disclaiming any interest in his al
leged ilk-gal enterprise, have advanced
him large sums of me- ey within the past
few years for purpos. which they prac
tic-ally decline to tine.
Meanwhile tbere is no person living in i
Oakland named Thomas R. Davis, and no
arrest has been made. The real intent of
the warrant remains to be seen. "Brick"
refuses to discuss it, and when an at- :
tempt was made to see him last evening
he committed the paradox of declaring
in stentorian tones that "he was out."
Although extremely' shrewd and gener
ally working his victims into complica
tions where exposure of one would result
in exposure of all. "Brick" was once sent
across the bay for one year. The little
game which made him a gentleman of
leisure for twelve months was worked on
Marcel maris. McPherson convince. 1
Demaris that he had a large stock of fur
niture, obtained from the School Depart
ment. The stock, he claimed, was worth
Sl2.ooo.fbut it was necessary that he first
make a payment thereon of S2OO. De
maris. on a promise of a share in the
profits, advanced the $200, hut as the wait :
for the proilts seemed long, he began to
investigate and found that th- stock ln j
(■ucsTicn was but one of the mind and the
owner thereof the possessor of an itch
ing palm. In consequence, - maris laid i
information against "Brick." He was
convicted and sent to San Quentin for
the term named. .
In Mai of IS!. McPherson was dis
charged from the penitentiary', but it soon
became general rumor that his confine-" j
ment had failed to reform him. In the |
letter part of 1895 he made himself con- j
si icuous by taking a shot at himself in i
Pis home on Filbert street, near Jones.
The bullet ripped a furrow through his
skull! but his scheming brain was left
intact. During his necessary confinement j
pending the healing of the wound it was
made known to him that there were a !
few gullible persons left In town who ■
were yearning for his acquaintance. 'mis
settled his thoughts of a narrow bed be
neath the sod. He organized new schemes
and. as stated, interested well-known peo
ple in them. j
But, strangely enough, these alleged vic
tims hesitate to announce themselves as
such and yet protest that they have noth
ing to do with any wicked designs upon
the Federal revenue, which, according to
a thriving rumor. "Brick" is said to have
entertained.
Among the stanch friends of the ex
convict is Harvey Brown, the attorney.
He was seen last night with reference to
a published statement that he had been
victimized by "Brick."
At first he declined to talk at all be
cause he is McPhers. attorney. Finally
he decided to talk a little.
"I have been Mr. Mcpherson's attorney
for several years." he said. "In that
time I advanced him about $5000. He
never told me .- hat he wanted the money
:for. I never asked him for a receipt or
for security, but I wish you would not
state that fact. I relied upon his honor
to pay it hack. I haven't received the
money yet. but I ope to and I have
every confidence in his honor. I must de
cline to. discuss the character of his busi
ness. I don't remember that he ever told
me what it was. I do not desire to answer
whether his business is Or has beet! legiti
mate or otherwise. I don't think the pub
lic lias any right to know anything about
it. 71 never had anything to do with any
of his ventures. 1 loaned him the money
because 1 had reason to think that the
result of his enterprises would more than
pay me back, I have confidence in him
and think l will be paid."
Another of the alleged victims of Mc- !
Pherson's ways Is Attorney Isaac N. I
Thorne. who resides at 1511 Washington
street; Although he denies, as has been
stated] that he had been bunkoed out of
some $3000, he admitted that he stood to j
lose an amount of similar proportions in j
WILL BE HEAD MASTER
OF SAN MATEO SCHOOL
Rev. Mardon D. Wilson
Resigns From St.
Peter's Church.
REV. MARDON D. WILSON
has resigned from St. Peter's
Church and will soon assume
the position of head master
and chaplain of the San Mateo School.
He has been connected with St. Peter's
for four years and in that time has
made a host of friends, both for the
earnestness of his clerical labors and
active work in the dispensation of
charity.
Rev. Dr. Wilson will sever his con
nection with the congregation of
which he has been the rector for such
a long time on August 1. His new
duties will begin in the middle of
August, when the young students re
turn after their summer vacation.
Dr. Brewer, who is the proprietor of
the San Mateo School, will still oc
cupy his present position as superin*
tendent, hut the actual educational
work will be under the direction of
the new head master.
TWO NEW PENSION
EXAMINING SURGEONS
-_-*HE Pension Department at
Washington, D. C, has an-
THE Pension Department at
Washington, D. ('.. has an
nounced the appointment of
|i Drs. Joseph G. Crawford and
Joseph H. Soper to be pension
examining surgeons in this city. They
were appointed to succeed Drs. Joseph
Peseta and Max Magnus; and together
with Dr. Denis F. Ragan, who holds
over, will constitute the board, whose
duty will be to pass upon the merits
of all applicants for pensions from the
I'nited States Government.
Dr. Crawford was born in Newark,
N. J., in 1842. After an elementary
education in the public schools he en
tered the College of Physicians and
Burgeons In New York City, and there
graduated in 1878. Previous to that he
had been an apothecary and was in
the. "United States service during the
Civil War in that capacity for two
years. He was connected with the
medical department in the Atlantic
the event all was not honestly conducted
In a deal in which he is associated with
McPherson. The tales of McPherson s
past life that have just come to light,
heretofore unknown to Mr. Thome, have
placed him on the anxious seat.
"As far as McPherson ever having been
mixed up in various transactions con
cocted with the intention of defrauding
the Government. I am totally ignorant,
said Mr. Thome last night. 'It is not
true that he has bunkoed me out of some
$3000. but it is true that 1 am at present
associated with him in a business matter
of a private nature, but as yet the matter
has not reached definite shape. I' has
been suggested that McPherson exercises
some sort of hypnotic Influence over those
whom he wishes to relieve of their wealth.
As far as this is concerned I know noth
ing. I never felt any strange sensations
while In his company, nor did he ever
manifest any feverish desire to acquire
mv wealth by other than legitimate
means. The deal in which we are now in
terested is a legitimate one. but just how
it will turn nut for me as yet I cannot
say."
Although denying that he had been bun
koed by McPherson: Mr. Thorn*-, when
asked if it were not true that he was so
involved in the transaction in question
that he would lose the amount named if
"Brick" chose to adopt his usual methods
of doing business, admitted that such was
the case. He also added that the stories
regarding the character of his associate
had caused his awak ■ and in the fu
ture he would be a little cautious when
listening to the varnished tales of the
notorious manipulator. Mr. Thorne seems
to believe in the mythical Davis, for he
says that a short time ago McPherson in
troduced him to a "Mr. Davis" and he
thinks he ls the man ' crick now
charges with the diversion of tn. neat
sum of $100,000.
A few years ■"-<< A. W. Fink, the prod
uce dealer, became involved it; a lit:;.- deal
with "Brick." the "importation" of silks
, with assurances of large fronts bell the
bait of the trap, in which he lost $15,000.
Mr. Fink is among the reticent people of
the city and is averse to discussing the
matter" refusing to either deny or atllrm
the rumor, hut in the practice of tne law
such a refusal is accepted as an afflrma-
McPherson barricaded himself behind
j the doors of his home. 324 Hayes street,
last evening- and refused to admit the
I strangers at the gate. In answer to an
inquiry he first said. "McPherson don't
; live here." Instantly he forgot that he
had thus spoken, admitted his identity.
' but said that as his wife was ill he would
| not open the door, as it might chill the
! residence. In the meantime the heaths
j tones of his wife's voice commanded from
! the top of the stairs that the door remain
j closed, and "Brick" obeyed, mounting the
stairs and just pausing long enough at the
top to toss out a little "work." Then he
! retired to dream of past deeds and
I scheme up deeds for the days to come.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
I Wills of Charles Stewart and Mary-
Adams Filed for Probate.
The will of Charles Stewart, who died
July 10, was filed for probate yesterday.
One-half of decedent's estate, which is
valued at $60,000, is devised to the widow,
Margaret L. Stewart, and the remainder
to three daughters in equal shares.
By the terms of the will of Mary
Adams, who died June 16, leaving an es
tate valued at $10,000. Perry L. Griffin, a
brother, is devised rea] property in Bos
Angeles, San Bernardino and Riverside,
together with $10,000. Perry Griffin, a
ther. i^ devised real property in Los
reles, San Bernardino and Riverside,
-ther with irrigation stocks; Ellen
Chown. a sister, is devised Napa Bank
stock in trust for Linda Griffin, a sister,
the remainder of the estate going to the
trustee.
REV. MARDON D. WILSON.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1899.
squadron and also In the field hospital
under McClellan and Grant.
Dr. Crawford came to this city in
1890 and at once established a lucrative
practise, In I*ol he finished a home
opathic course at the Hahnemann
Medical College in this city.
Dr. Soper is also well and favorably
known in this community as a com
petent physician. He was horn iri
G Irani; Erie County, Pa., in IM4. In
IRGI he enlisted for service in the- Civil
War and In 1883 he re-enlisted with tin-
First Missouri Engineers. He served
until the. close of the war. He after
ward attended school at the Central
Ohio Seminary for three years and
then entered Ann Arbor University.
Dr. Soper graduated in medicine at
the C liege of Physicians and Sur
geons, Chicago, 111., and practiced in
Wisconsin for nine years. He came to
California in 1886, and has practiced
continuously since then in San Fran
INSURANCE COMPANIES
MUST MAKE REPORTS
J COMMISSIONER CLTJNIE GOES
; EAST TO ENFORCE THE LAW.
| His Trip the Result of Lively Fric
tion Over the Enforcement of
Legal Regulations.
Insurance Commissioner A. J. Clunie,
• accompanied by Attorney Eugene F. Bert,
j left for the East last evening to meet the
i heads of the hip fire and life insurance
j companies there and correct abuses which,
: if allowed to continue, will materially af
i feet the returns the Insurance companies
i are compelled by law to make to the
i State.
| When the Commissioner went East last
! year he succeeded in inducing most of the
American and foreign companies to abide
j by a State statute providing that a cer
\ tain percentage of their earnings should
j be given to the State and thereafter di
j vid..! among the fire departments of the
J various counties. This law had not been
: enforced for many years. The companies
I fought the Commissioner over the matter
! in the I'nited States courts, but finally
j compromised. As a result of the compro
; mise the Commissioner received about
: $40,000 for the fire departments. Of this
i sum $15,000 was recently given to Chief
>» «' *—
' ; ' " .... ***■■ "•'" - ........... - .-......-,
' .* - - * - ■*-
* 'm& '■
jap. , : ; * _k* ■ •
i H_llf ? '
yf *' '^f^^^^^^jggg > >^MmBP <tf*7^ A * I
____H______£-'
THE MAN OF THE HOUR.
A MAG^.CcfvT P,KiR I- OF
lIST TEISr COLORS
(Size I4x2i inches.)
-j FREE » Advertisers !
;•; +....». > V »
Bring in Your Advertisements To-day and Tomorrow for
SUNDAY'S CfILL.
xLi io PORTRAIT ,s ,n no sense a cheap chroma but an exam p' e of
_. the highest style of Illuminated printing. in the
famous French style of color- plate work. An ornament to any library or drawing-
room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Cannot be bad else-
where In San Francisco than at the Business Office of THE CALL, where sample
copies may be seen.
cisco. He was at one time a member
of the Board of Education.
Both Dr. Crawford and Dr. Soper
are prominent members of the Grand
Army of the Republic, and It was ow
ing to a determined effort of that or
ganization that they were selected by
President . McKinley. The veterans
have never had what they regarded
as proper representation in the Pen
sion Department and they feel now
that their interests will 1"- well cared
for by the new appointees. All the
posts indorsed their applications and
Senator Perkins and Congressmen
Kahn and Loud made a personal ap
peal that they receive the appoint
ments. Dr. Crawford, in addition, was
recommended by the faculty of the
Hahnemann Homeopathic College,
who argued ■ that as that branch of
medicine is represented in the army
and navy it should also he recognized
in the Pension Department.
Sullivan for the local department.' Sev
eral of the Insurance companies are. en
deavoring to get out of the compact now
and Commissioner Clunie is determined
that they shall be held to it closely.
Moreover, he has discovered that an at
tempt is being made to abandon the
branch general offices in this city and di
rect the business of the various agencies
throughout the State from the Eastern
head offices, This movement is not con
fined to th.- American companies. Sev
eral of th.- foreign concerns have already
given up their big offices here, so that it
i- impossible for the Commissioner to se
cure a statement of tie- business done
each year throughout the State without
going East. This procedure on the pari
of the insurance companies is being taken
for several reasons. The principal one Is
that the companies wish to evade a law
compelling them to deposit from 20 to 30
per cent of their annual earnings in some
hank as a guarantee to the Insurance
Commissioner of their solvency. * itf'
Another investigation the Commissioner
will give special attention to is the griev
ances of - California policy holders in the
big life insurance companies of New York.
The policy holders claim the law provides
that the surplus earnings of these com
panies should be divided among them,
whereas they now- receive only a small
proportion of the surplus and in some in
stances do not receive a cent.
Judge Grosjsan Suspended.
PARIS. July 20.— Tile Court Of Cassation
has suspended M. Grosjean, the Versailles
Judge, for two months for communicating
to newspapers a document concerning the
Dreyfus case.
GUATEMALA AND
SISTER STATES
PAYING IN COIN
Large Sum in Treas
ure on the Colon.
— ♦ —
THE STEAMER TAI FU ASHORE
♦
ON HER WAY FROM PORTLAND
TO VLADIVOSTOK.
—
Schooner Prosper Goes Sea Otter
Hunting — Steam Collier
Robert Adamson in
Port — Notes.
♦
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer Co
lon arrived from Panama and way ports
yesterday with tin- largest consignment of
treasure thai has come from Central Am
erica in many a long day. It came in the
form of concentrates, silver ore, slugs,
bars, Peruvian soles and Mexican eagles.
All the money from Guatemala came in
bar silver] Mexico paid her debts in gold,
and the other countries paid up in silver
and gold. In the consignment there were
10,483 soles, worth about $5000,"50 cases of
Mexican eagles, valued at $100,000. 4*' bars
of silver valued at $32,843. one bar of gold
valued at $850] one bar of gold and silver
valued at $7300, 12 sacks of silver slugs
valued at $3600, and 400 bags of concen
trates and 140 bags of silver ore. The
treasure is consigned to the Nevada Bank.
Anglo-Californian Bank, Selby Smelting
Works, Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
and W. Loaiza & Co.
Besides the treasure the Colon'brought a :
full cargo of coffee and sugar, * " ' : parrots.
30 paroquets, 3 monkeys, 6 macaws, and
2 mocking birds. She had 22 cabin passen
gers and 32 Europeans and It* Chinese in
the steerage She made the run from
Panama in the good time, considering the
number of stops, of _;< i days 21 hours.
There was no trouble in quarantine and
she docked shortly after her arrival.
The steam collier Robert Adamson,
chartered by John Rosenfeld's Sons to re
place the Siam, taken by the United
States Government to carry horses to
Manila, arrived from Nanaimo, B. ('..
early yesterday. She is an enormous car
rier for her size, which can be gathered
from the fact that she is 1932 tons net bur
den, yet brought into port 4493 tons of
coal. She is owned by Adamson & Mail of
Liverpool, England, and was built in 1895.
Seh is 335 feet long, 42 feet broad and 17
feet 5 inches deep. tf-i
The German steamer Tai Fu is ashore at
Cape Zamok. a rocky headland on the
Siberian coast, and may be a total, loss.
She was here a couple of months ago, but
went to Portland, where she loaded 20.000
barrels of flour, valued at $58,000,, for
Vladivostok. She sailed from the Colum
bia River on June IS and must have gone
ashore several days ago, as the tel
egram to the Merchants' Exchange
telling of the disaster is dated July
19. Cape Zamok is about 96 miles from
Vladivostok, and Captain Schuldt must
nave sent a boat's crew to that place to
carry the news. The general impression
among shipping men is that the strong
northerly current must have, carried the
Tai Km out of her course and piled her up
on Cape Zamok or the small island lying
a short distance off shore. The Tai _ v is
owned by the. Asiatische Kustenfahrt Ges
of Hambur- and was built two sears ago
at Host., She is 224 feet 2 inches long,
32 feet 1 inch beam, and 19 feet 9 inches
deep. Captain Schuldt was making his \
first voyage in her. The cargo is insured
in Portland and the vessel in Germany.
The steamer South Coast, which plies'
between Eureka, San Francisco and
.-..nth- ports, is ashore at Hueneme.
.■he is resting easily on the beach and
will be got off next tide. Her owners
do not think she will be damaged to any
extent. SatiW
The little schooner Prosper, with a crew
of three men and a boy, started yester
day for the Gulf of California on a sea
otter hunting expedition. The last
steamer brought the news that a herd
of sea otters were feeding along the Mex
ican coast, and it did not take Captain
George Nedever long to put the boat in
commission. With him went George W.
Rider. William Chisholm and a boy. At
Monterey they will pick up the hunter
and then the schooner will be headed for
the Gulf. Last year the same party, un
der command of Captain Lutgcn, went to
the Gulf of California in the schooner
Kate and Ann. They secured forty-three
skins, which they sold for over $17,000, or
a little over $4' m ' a skin. They have not
done any work since their return, but the
news that the herd was again to be seen
along the Mexican .-oast brought them
all to the front again, and the charter of
th. Prosper followed.
Th..- schooner H. D. Bendlxsen. which
was such a long time out from Hono
lulu, arrived yesterday. She was delayed
by light winds and calms.
The steamer Homer, which is coming
here from St. Michael via Dutch Har
bor, is expected on Saturday. Site is
bringing down eighty-five passengers and
a considerable quantity of bullion for the
North American Trading and Transpor
tation Company.
THE AMERICA MARU
PERMITTED TO DOCK
PASSENGERS WERE LANDED I
YESTERDAY. '
Prompt Action of Federal Authori
ties After Having Taken the Usual
Precautionary Measures.
The Japanese steamship America Maru j
was released from quarantine yesterday
and her cabin passengers were landed last |
evening about 7 o'clock. The Chinese and
Japanese steerage passengers, seventy-six
in number, are still detained at Angel Isl
and, but will be brought over soon. The
vessel itself has been thoroughly fumi
gated and will be towed to the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company's dock early
this morning.
The passengers were happy at their
early release and were glad to get on
shore. The Federal quarantine officer,
Dr. Kinyoun, made a careful microscopic
examination of the blood of the Japanese
passenger who was taken ill on July 7. as
a precautionary measure. Satisfied that
it was simply a case of pneumonia, he
gave the directions by which the passen
gers were permitted to land.
Among those who boarded the vessel
early in the day were Assistant Surveyor
of the Port Chauncey St. John and six
customs inspectors. Detectives Ellis and
Gibson were at the dock when the Caro
line, which brought the passengers over,
landed, in hopes of catching the man who
' robbed the Alameda of gold at Honolulu.
News of the plague in India .was brought
I by the America Maru. The following rules
' and regulations explain the precautions
' taken by the government of the colony to
prevent' Its spread:
First, dated March IS. announcing the en
forcement of the Venice Sanitary Convention
regulations against arrivals from Hongkong
at Calcutta and Chittagong.
Second, dated March IS, declaring Mecca and
the whole littoral of the Hedjaz between Lith
and Tan— exclusive of both places. Infected,
and announcing the enforcement of quarantine
! against vessels arriving from those places at
Calcutta and Cbittagong.
Third, a further notification, dated May 10.
extending the area of the latter and enforcing
quarantine against Lith and Yambo.
The passengers of the America Maru
are as follows: • j". 07';.
Mrs. H. L. Achilles, Miss Jessie Asbury and
maid ' H. Blumenstein, Mrs. S. Brumell, C. I.
Beieel, Miss Brodie, H. G. Brown, G. W.
Bramhall, Mrs. G. "W. Bramhall, Miss Bram
hall, G. R. Carter. Mrs. G. R. Carter and maid.
Miss A. Carter, Mrs. J. V. C. Comfort, Miss
Comfort. W. B. Chamberlain, Miss Chamber
lain, Ly Chat, H. Cunningham, "A". H. Dob
son, M O. Helffreich, Rev. B. C. Henry. Mrs.
J R. Hill. Miss Hill, Mr. Iznar, Mrs. M. King
don and maid, E. R. Kimball, H. A. Keller.
T. Kazama, Tang Kin. J. D. Mactavlsh, J. S.
Mavnard. Miss Alice Miller and servant. Miss
Amelie Lamb O'Neill, Mr. Porter, Mrs. Porter,
Master Porter, Lieutenant Wilhelm yon
Schleicht, Mrs. E. S. Stevens and maid, J.
Strop, Mrs. Charles Stuart, : Fong Sun, Miss
Ada D. Thompson, H. A. Strong, Mrs. H. A.
Strong, Mr. Varblowsky, Mrs. Varblowsky. Dr.
"Wagner, Mrs. Wagner and three children and
T. Yamada. 'tftftftf
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
> ¥ ++*VP*+*^v**<** + ******************r *******
Last ap- -TOMK^-FMEMkI&II iftfl %*"
9_-iP'D_fMH||||iSr
of Senor S||B' ®* f _____§ %S^UIfH Htied
Vargas m £ 001-flenl*rule Bazaar. T ■*! °"
Night * CAUFQfinLSS LARGEST-AMERICA'S CRAtiDEST store . Received,
10-morrow night will be Oregon Boys' Night at
the big store. An invitation has been issued to the en-
tire regiment to be present at the concert, and Professor
John zMarquardt has prepared a stirring patriotic pro-
gramme which his excellent corps of musicians and
so oists will undoubtedly do full justice to. I will be a
gala night at The Emporium.
GvfcAst2iZ<i^
/] c ALL- DAY ~79-^
// *spe:c/al Sales — //
Another batch of unmatchable bargains for this day only. The
one-day special sales meet the approval of the people
of San Francisco and vicinage. Throngs of pleased buyers fill the
big store daily.
Veils " do7 -' n All-Silk C enil'e Spot Pattern Veils. Jp£\
black ground with colored spots, very stylish, <f /I *
regular value '_5c ea"n; special to-day only 100 m "**-_•?"
Crash 20-inch Twilled Crash Al!-L nen Toweling, j^ JJ^J^fk
rmoAfaitM a splendid abs rbent, guaranteed to weir /j3 "jS^hSSSML
' oweung- W3llj regll i arly 15c yard . on special sale Mv'^&ft
to - day - 11C /^^^//'tf^tf
Curtain Nottingham Lace Curtain Net S3 inches jfcO^N*-^^
Mof wide, i pretty fishnet resign, ecru or white. '''^//!'/T^i|vV
th9- materia: you want for sash or half cor- {tf S " w\\ '
tains our ie,'Uia** price 12>^c yari; on spe- ™
cial sal io-day '. 8o
Hose — L dies' lmported dO-gauge Mico C)tton Hoe, H?rmsdorf black, high
sp iced heels, double so'e*, fane* dro;> stitc.t, our regular 2*.c stocking;
on 1 pecial sale to-day 16-^C pair, or 3 pairs or 50 C j^SS
Hair Pins — An ber and Shell Hair Pins, a'so 130 dozen jP.*!
Rot-' Hair Pins (good heavy ones , 3 inche* Wfe-. 1^!)
long, pan and c* nkled, also square tops; 1 $/$?& v \jg\
dozit on a card; on ic-cial site to-day only. ftl('tf\'-' , i!htfs
per doz3o 6c AM 1 , W;.
• 7t/'I flfn
DollS — A prett ■ Do!!, like pietur 3 , full jointed with hisqu-* / /■'j'.ilu JVI
he-d, fln-ei r*iir, moving eyes, and teith, 12 inches JJ\\ ''|{{iL\,i\t
long re ularly 25c each; special today only 18c Wtf? Jj I J I n lll W
Stationery —^ great specia's for thi* day only: 1 j | \\l ,1
*^ f Sppc. al No. I—7B sheet- White Woven Ru ed jMM
Note Paper, good t>.b stock; per ib.. (H I \\ ,", i«j
8c lii'-.1-i' J
Sp c "i N0. 2 -Ones tof Correspond- \ 1\ J
ing Cards in neat box, 25 c-rd- and J I 1 (
2 > enve opes to match, extr.i satin finish; \jj
on special sale to*oay ...../ 4 0
Cabinet S Vi-h Ea-el Back Cabinet Fram-*?, like __^^^_
JT#«_>.*«oic pictu-e, new dcs gas, oval or round, for _lf^^__
rrtimtiS* ca - net . s : ze ,j c tm\-s, satin gilt fin sh, ffl MfM
regularly 25c each; on special B tie 'o m / //, /,}m.
da at..! 18C I §/%M\
Groceries — that th**se three spac a : s >_^t&h_ UijM
are on sa cor Friday ouly at thee j£^~'tf&.
preatlv r duced pri'-es: » fp Wwfflfflßggr
Babbitt's Soap- (Only $100 ff; .A^:^wF\
worth to . cuuomer), to-day £9 «L ''. tf'tfyjjr'^
■< rsfir .* $ .OO
PostUtn Cereal— Large pack-
ge?. r-"*gu'ar.y 25c e*ch; to-day 180
Cocoa— -Van Hotiten's, I— tin*, regularly 9oc: to-dav. 7Bo
LliSliOrS — Tabfe Claret— An ail-right qualit-, regit arly 40c a gallon;
" o.i sa'e to day tor 280
Pal st "Best lonic"— Regularly $2.6". doz*n; special to-day..
$2.20
_________-—— __________ ________________
Men's Furnishing Goods
sit GSo on the Dollar,
We bought the entire stock of Crane, the Montgomery-street haber-
dasher, at 65c on the dollar, and are now offering men's select
furnishings at less than wholesale prices. Every counter contains
something at a reduced price that means a great saving to the
purchaser. This chance to buy good furnishings cheap will soon
be gone — don't miss it.
Crane's Monarch $1.50 White -Shirt--, now Crane's 25c Neckwear, tacks and four- : n-
$hl5 hand? 150
Crane's $ . 0 Leominster and Monarch Crane's $I.< 0 Colored Bosom Snirts
White Shit*, row 68o\ :. , 39g
Crane's 75* Balbri^gan Underwear, ex- Crane's $1.00 Golf, an* St k Front Shirts..
traordinar valu* .....47c ..'. GBc
Crane's $1.25 ligh- b.ue Wool IT dr- Crane's 7~-c Boy *' Stanley Snirts 38
wear ©3'C Crane's 10c Colored Border HandKer
Crane's 5 <* H;avy Jersey Rb ea B I I cnief^ 5c
Iriggan Utd*rwear 38c Crane's 50- Un aunner-»d Shir's 35 3
Crane's Summer Unurwear, pmk orjCr**ne's Arrow Brani Collars 10c; C in
blue 18C Brand *•_?',.,_*
Grace's 50c .Neckwe r, imperi us ami Crane's 2""c Natural '"ray Sox 6c
tecks ." C'-ane's 20? Vicuna Merino Hose.../_* . c
Odds and ends in fine underwear, neckwear, etc., in lots
too small to advertise — at same low price.
TRIED TO END HER LIFE. I
Mrs. Wiemann, While Despondent,
Attempts to Commit Suicide.
Marie Wiemann, the wife of Henry
Wiemann, a laborer, living in the rear
of m:' Harrison street, attempted to end
her existence last evening by swallowing
a small quantity of laudanum. She was
found lying on the floor of the kitchen
of her home by her 12-year-old son, who
quickly summoned a neighbor. Realizing
that she had taken poison, he summoned
the ambulance and the woman was hur- :
riedly driven to the Receiving Hospital,
in the bosom of her dress was found the
following note, written in German:
"I cannot stand it any longer. Good-by -
my child. I will never see you again. Be
a good boy and never steal.
. •-YOUR MOTHER."
Young Wiemann accompanied his
mother to the hospital and attempted to |
explain that his parent had not tried to
commit suicide, but had taken the poi- :
son in mistake. He claimed that she is '
a sufferer from heart disease, but always |
appeared contented with her lot. Dr. i
Dray, who attended her, says she will
recover.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
301 Seventh street. corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
A New Policeman.
Matthew Tierney, a boiler-maker. 23 '.
years of ace, and a native of this city,
was sworn in as a member of the Police
Department by Chief Lees yesterday.
WEAK MEN
z^~^\ Young or Old,
i\ Js_ *•*-'
V i ___ii -** wou, d speedily regain their former rigor
/ ' /___■ ____| should wear
V ~s H DR - PERCE'S, FAMOUS
1 £?fif ELECTRIC BELT AND SUSPENSORY!
£_____h\ i -S_v* N° drugs necessary. Electricity does the
(__B§W^.i , ™ , J^y'k.^_~_ v work. Thousands have been cured. Buy no
x '^__7^_ir belt *'" you see "DR. PIERCES."
l^^^'''^^illi___H_Mß^w\* ***•*' C all at the office or send 2c in stamps
SH^^^^^liiisffiiW for -PAMPHLET Mo. 2." Address
liw||P' PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street «_* *-*- h»ui> s*n Francisc*
MILITARY BANQUET.
Oregon Staff Officers and Lady
Friends Around the Mahogany.
The staff of the Second Regiment, Ore
gon Volunteer Infantry, sat down to a
most enjoyable banquet last night at the
Stewart, Ellis and Leavenworth streets.
Chaplain Gilbert of the regiment was the
host. Plates were set for twenty, with
General Summers and his wife- at either
end of the table.
The menu was an elaborate affair, the
most favored portion being the cham
pagne punch a la Summers. Speeches and
toasts were omitted by the request of the
host and the ready acquiescence of the
guests.
Those who attended the banquet were:
General Summers. Mrs. Gilbert. Colonel
Yoran. Mrs. Powers. Major Ellis. Miss
Jackson, Captain Poorman. Lieutenant
Brazee. Mrs. Yoran. Lieutenant Jackson.
Lieutenant Knapp. Mrs. Summers, Chap
lain Gilbert, Mrs. Willis. Lieutenant Mead,
Miss Ellis, Mrs. Mead, Major Willis, Mrs.
Knapp, Ruth Mead. , ;
Pythians Install.
' The following officers of . California
Lodge No.'l. Knights of Pythias have
been installed for the current term: M. it.
Benson. C. C: A. 11. Brown. V. < '. ; D. G.
Dexter. P.; W. Y. Dean. M. of W.; Henry
Beaver. M of E.; John Hober, M. of P.;
R. N. McLennan, K. of R. and S. : Louis
Millman. M. of A.; Henry Ahrens. I. G. :
M. Schumacher, O. G. The report of the
auditors for the past quarter shows the
financial condition ot the lodge to be very
satisfactory and a motion was carried
that 5100 be added to the bank account.
56
*j____:_____
FRIDAY.. JULY 21, 1899
■'
jOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main I'^S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 187 L
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year S6.o<
PAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday ("am. 3 months .50
DAILY CALL By Single Month ft sc
SUNDAY CALL One Year I*so
WEEKLY CALL One Year l.Oii
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Ban-pie copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C.CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. 0. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel; I
Fr__unt House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, ll Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel '.
J. L. ENGLISH. CorresDondent. |
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay, j
open until 9*30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until \
9-750 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Lord and Lady Algy."
California— "The "Dancing Girl.''
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Blue Beard."
Alcazar— "The New Magdelen."
Grand Opera House "Olivette."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Butro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Walkers to-night.
Pnion Coursing Park— Coursing To-morrow.
Excursion to Santa Cruz Sunday. July 23.
AUCTION SALES.
By C. P. Troy & Co.— This day and evening, nt 2 nnd S
o'clock, Chinese ar. J Japnr.es^ Fancy ■ -"Is. at 3i' < -try street.
_ —
THE POLITICAL SITUATION.
THE Examiner of yesterday, in parade dress,
faces its ostentatious connection with low party
management, and in a column of large type pre
sents a euphemistic view of the Democratic situa
tion. If it ever had possessed any substantial reputa
tion for independence and for political decency, its
existing association with Rainey and the nominal an
tagonism between that political figurehead and the
resuscitated Chris Buckley would disabuse the pub
lic mind of any such fallacy. Whether Rainey or
Buckley wins in the primary election, the fusion
Democracy is in the hands of a polluted boss, and
Mayor Phelan, with his immeasurable pretensions,
contradicted by his practice, has perched himself in
the fusion saddle, with his author, his designer and
his finisher in front.
In national politics the fusion Democracy occupies
a position that excites the derision of the American
people. W. J. Bryan is still the pet of the fusion
masses and still feebly repeats the cry of free silver at
the ratio of 16 to i, but the other leaders of the mon
grel organization, with few exceptions, are deter-
mined to relegate him to private life. The quarrel as
it stands is at once discreditable and interesting, for
it exhibits the pettiest rivalries among fusionists who
aspire to be statesmen, while it almost concedes the
certainty of Republican success. The free silver ques
tion is dead, even in Japan and in India, and impe
rialism will be cared for within the Republican ranks
and cannot be used as a. dividing line between the
conflicting parti
But in the municipal contest, now so imminent, the
broad and long and large typed crows of the Ex
aminer are supremely absurd. Every visible indica
tion is in favor of a Republican triumph, which ought
to be assured, not merely from the logic of the situa
tion, but from common gratitude. The Republican
Legislature, instead of making "gross mistakes."
thoroughly vindicated Republican integrity. The
Board of Supervisors, as it turned out, had no "solid
seven" following the Democratic boodling prece
dents, but defeated every scheme that had been pro
jected and systematized to plunder the municipality,
held up the weak and shaking knees of Mayor Phelan
and removed the inequalities in assessments for which
the Democratic Assessor was responsible. There has
been no year in the history of California when mon
opoly, corruption and every form of treachery to. the
public interests have been so sternly and so effec
tively rebuked, and for this practical advancement
toward political reform the Republican party is clearly
entitled to the credit.
When the preparations already made for the muni
cipal campaign are considered, the prolonged brag
of the Examiner sounds like the bray of an ante
diluvian ass. The local Democratic organization is
in the hands of an oligarchy, controlled by bosses,
once repudiated and now held in an inextricable em
brace by the fusion organ. On the other hand, the
Republican corruptionists have been already beaten,
and a primary election has been arranged in which
thousands of the best men in San Francisco will par
ticipate. There is every reason to believe that the
Republican party will produce a municipal ticket not
a man of whom would voluntarily place his nostrils
where they would encounter the odor of the
Examiner-Rainey-Buckley combination, even with
the large-hatted Mayor Phelan skulking in the rear.
This is not. a Democratic but a Republican year.
The Call does not believe that the magnificent oppor
tunity that fusion corruption has offered will be
thrown away, and it does believe that the new char
ter will be safely inaugurated by a Republican admin
istration.
Forbearance is a virtue extensively practiced in the
office of the Examiner. For instance, in an article
telling of its efforts to overcoat Oregon Volunteers,
whether or no. its modesty was so excessive as to
prevent it mentioning its own name more than sixty
nine times. This is a remarkable record even for the
remarkable Examiner.
The present decade has witnessed the introduction
of horseless carriages, . smokeless powder, painless
bullets and senseless generals, but it remained for
the Examiner to spring costless charity.
SENATOR PLATT'S MANIFESTO.
AS The Call has repeatedly proved, up to this
date the administration in its relation to the
Philippine situation has required no defenders.
So long as military and naval operations against the
Filipinos are being conducted it is the duty ot the
Government, through its proper departments, and
under the control of the President, who virtute
officii is commander in chief, to furnish men and sup
plies and to exercise its usual functions for the sup
port of the army and of the navy. But these matters
of mine involve no extraordinary' proceedings and
are so completely within the range of stereotyped
officialism as, without any deficiency in average ca
pacity or in the knowledge of details, to invite no
criticism, nor even comment.
The administration has not invited nor required any
support in the Philippine campaign. But the pro
moters of imperialism, among whom Senator Piatt
of New York is to be signally included, have per
sisted in attributing to President McKinley and his
Cabinet a policy they have never announced, and in
volunteering a defense based upon imaginary propo
sitions. Again and again The Call has attracted pub
lic attention to the fact that, in no official or personal
declaration; has any representative of the adminis
tration even suggested the permanent retention of the
Philippines, either as national territory or as i de
pendency or colony. The entire argument' of the
gambling speculators, the thirsty aspirants for mili
tary glory and the intoxicated enthusiasts of the
country has rested upon a succession of assumptions,
of fallacies and of absurdities.
The manifesto of Senator Piatt, therefore, published
in our local columns yesterday, was purely volun
teered. President McKinley needed no vindication at
his hands, whether they be clean or unclean. There
has been no factious censure of the military opera
tions in the Philippines except from the hysterical
press, filled with the virus of fusion. There is no re
lation between the New York Senator and the Gov
enment that authorized him to pose as an attorney in
fact or an attorney at law. His "defense" is without
authority and merely presumptuous.
On the merits of the manifesto, apart from the as-
I sumptions that produced it, severe criticism is pos-
I sible. The central objection is that Senator Piatt de
signedly intermixes the military and political situa
tions, and undertakes to make a specious argument,
wholly disconnected from the Government itself, in
favor of Asiatic expansion. He designates the Fili
pinos as "rebels." If they are in this attitude toward
the United States what was the attitude of the makers
of this republic toward King George? He attempts
to cauterize the opponents of a revolutionary theory
'. which, inadvertently at least, he attributes to the ad
ministration, as lending aid and comfort to the 'Fili
pinos, and he unites in the unconstitutional attempt,
developed in other quarters, to prevent the clear and
honest expression of opinion by individuals and by
the press. He assumes that the nature and the fea
tures of this Government are unknown to the Fili
• ' * i i i i 11 ii
pinos, and that they have been led to believe that the
political and the constitutional discussion of the Phil
ippine question in the United States would operate as
an obstruction to military and naval movements in
Asia.
It is marvelous that an American Senator should
thus vituperatively assail the constitution of his
country and the fundamental rights of every citizen it
contain"". It is equally astonishing that he should
have underestimated the intelligence and the educa
cation of the Filipino leaders, who, in man}* docu
ments, have shown that they comprehend the distinc
tion between military and political questions and the
theory and the detailed organization of our Govern
ment better than the learned and experienced Sena
tor from New York. There has been no document
published that more perfectly illustrates the necessity
for stern and uncompromising adherence to the prin
ciples and to the practice of our republican system.
■ • - •■
THE STfITE PAIR.
UNLESS all signs are deceptive, the Stale Fair
will this year approach nearer the accomplish
ment of a comprehensive exhibit of all the in
dustries of California than has been attained in any
previous year, and consequently will be of more value
both to the visitors and to the exhibitors. The di
rectors are making earnest efforts to bring about such
a result, and the prospects are their work will be
crowned with success.
It is desirable that every county in the State should
have a good exhibit. The people of all the counties
are taxed to provide the appropriation for the fair,
and therefore all of them should take advantage of it
to make their resources and their industries known
throughout the commonwealth. Certainly they will
have only themselves to blame if they do not, for a
special appeal has been made to them to profit by the
exceptional advantages provided for such exhibits this
The opportunity ought not to be overlooked by the
manufacturers and the merchants of San Francisco.
The fair will be attended by thousands of visitors
from all parts of the State and from most of the
States and Territories of the coast. Whatever is ex
hibited at the fair in a striking and attractive way will
fix the attention of visitors and lead many of them
to give due consideration to its value. In that way
there will be gained for the products of the city a large
patronage now given to Eastern goods solely because
the articles of home manufacture are not generally
known.
The fair ought to be made this year something like
a dress rehearsal of the exhibit Californians are to
provide at Paris next year, and the directors have
given ample evidence of an intention to make it so.
The inducements they have offered to all counties and
all forms of industry are notably attractive. The pro
gressive counties will of course take full advantage
of them, and San Francisco should be among those
that do so. When the fair is open and the thousands
of visitors are thronging its halls and its grounds it
will be absurd if the exhibit of the metropolitan
county is eclipsed by that from any other in the com
monwealth or from any other part of the coast.
TrIE EASTERN VIEW OF IT.
ONE of the satisfactory features of the discus
sion concerning the condition and the pros
pects of the wine industry in California is the
amount of interest displayed in it by the East. The
issue is watched in that part of the Union with no
little attention, and has been extensively commented
on by many of the more influential papers in the
larger cities.
A short time ago we called attention to a review
of the subject by a correspondent of the New York
Times, who maintained that the depression is due
solely to the faults of those engaged in the wine in
dustry. As a proof of the correctness of his view the
writer stated that the wine industry in the East is in
a flourishing condition, and that while the output
amounts to hardly more than one-fifth of that of
California, it yields more money.
A somewhat similar view of the subject is taken by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI_I_, FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1899.
the Milwaukee Wisconsin. That journal maintains
that- more California wine would be consumed and
better profits would be made by the producers if the
dealers did not undertake to derive such a huge
profit. It says that while the producer in California
receives as low as io cents a gallon for his wine, the
consumer in 'the East is required to pay from 50
cents to $1 a bottle for it.
Summing up the issue the Wisconsin says: "Cali
fornia is now making wine that compares favorably
with many of the wines that are made abroad; in
deed, it is probably true that thousands of gallons of
California wine are annually consumed from bottles
and casks bearing foreign labels. All that is neces
sary to stimulate the wine business of the State is to
convince wine consumers that the domestic product
is as good if not better than many foreign wines.
The purchases of California wine would then increase;
and if the wine dealers would sell to consumers at' a
fair business profit the volume of their business would
be rapidly augmented." . .
While these Eastern comments may not be of any
assistance to California wine men "* in solving the
problems of the trade, they serve to advertise our
wine industry, and to show that Eastern sentiment is
favorably inclined to our wines. It is clear, therefore,
that our wine men have only to act with a fair degree
of business sagacity to obtain a good market there.
REGULATIONS FOR AUTOMOBILES.
A PETITION is now before the Supervisors
from a dairyman requesting permission to run
a milk-wagon with a gasoline motor. The
question of rules and regulations for the' coming
automobile fs therefore fairly before the authorities of
San Francisco, as it has been for some time before
those of the East.
A rule of the Park Commissioners of Chicago for
bidding the use of automobiles in the parks or along
the boulevards of that city was promptly declared in
valid by the courts, on the ground that the authorities
had no right under the law to discriminate against
such vehicles by name. It is the duty of the Commis
sioners, said the Judge, to enact and enforce regula
tions governing the use of any and all kinds of ve
hicles in the public pleasure-grounds, but they can
not forbid the use of an automobile any more than
they can forbid the use of bicycles or ordinary car
riages.
The issue is one which cannot be postponed. The
,  . . . ...
automobile is coming into general use with much
greater rapidity than most people suppose. In every
large city the authorities arc considering how to ar
range rules for their use in such a way as to protect
the public from danger and at the same time safeguard
the rights of the progressive people who desire to
profit by the advantages of the new machine.
The New York Tribune, in discussing the problem
as it appears in that city, after pointing out that the
number of automobiles in use is steadily increasing,
and that they can now be seen everywhere on the
streets and in the parks, says: "Without attempting
to pass upon the merits of any particular plan, it may
be said unhesitatingly- that some special rules for the
regulation of the use of such vehicles would be en
tirely legitimate, and may well be necessary- To make
such rules would not be to discriminate against them,
but merely to recognize the fact that they are different
from horse vehicles and must be treated differently."
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that not only
are automobiles different from other vehicles, but they
differ widely from one another. One type of the ma
chine might be safely permitted, while another would
be a cause of danger or a nuisance. What form of
motor car the petitioning dairyman wishes to run
through the streets as a milk-wagon we do not know.
It may be harmless, or it may be objectionable. It
has served the purpose of bringing to our authorities
the issue that is perplexing the East. The problem is
not one to be solved without much consideration, and
perhaps the safer plan will be not to adopt any gen
eral rule at all, but deal with each machine on its
merits until the East, with its greater experience, has
given us better ideas of how to deal with them all.
TRANSCONTINENTAL TELEPHONING.
REPORTS from Denver are to the effect that the
people of that city will soon have the advantage
of communication with New York by long
distance telephone. The authority for the report is
said to be E. B. Field, manager of the Colorado
Telephone Company, who has just returned from the
East, and who announces that after a full discussion
of the feasibility of the project a favorable decision
was reached and arrangements made for undertak
ing it.
The westward movement and extension of long
distance telephoning will not stop at Denver. In
fact, Mr. Field himself is quoted as saying the man
agers of the system have already cast their eyes upon
Salt Lake City and San Francisco. It is worth noting
that the Salt Lake Herald, in commenting upon the
Denver reports, says the news "is of deep local in
terest at this time, from the fact that telephonic com
munication between Salt Lake and Denver is among
the early. probabilities, and lines are being constructed
now that will eventually form a part of this system."
The long-distance telephone now reaches as far
west as Omaha. It is ho longer an experiment. It.
feasibility and its commercial value for communica
tion between widely separated points have been amply
proven. The extension of the system across the con
tinent is a mere matter of money and enterprise. The
managers are now considering the extension to Den
ver, and when once that has been accomplished a
further extension to San Francisco, will be a natural
and inevitable result.
The westward progress of the enterprise will be
watched on this coast with no little interest, and the
arrival of the new line will be hailed with welcome.
Modern ingenuity, profiting by the natural forces re
vealed by science, has worked many things that would
have appeared as miracles in -a former age, but noth
ing more wonderful has been accomplished than what
is now promised in a telephone communication across
the breadth of the continent.
Mr. Fillmore of the Southern Pacific complains
that he cannot get men to work in the country. Mr.
Herri- of the Southern Pacific had the trouble of
something the same kind, we believe, at Sacramento
last winter. This independence of the citizen is really
becoming most reprehensible. After a while, no
doubt, men will even insist upon selecting their own
kind of work.
An Associated Press telegram contains the an
nouncement that there are three brands of Democ
racy in Kentucky. There's nothing new in that.
Everybody knows them by heart— Bourbon, moon
shine and rye.
And so Colonel Harrison Gray Otis has concluded
to buckle on his sword and pen and go hunting for
the United States Senatorship. Now will the supes
please bring out that patent, automatic, double
action Rubicon!
The news comes that Secretary of War Alger has
resigned. The country is. - 'tf : - Tt-
NEW MAGDALEN
AT THE ALCAZAR
THE New Magdalen"' is certainly the
most absurd mixture of pathos and
melodrama, of tragedy and uninten
tional humor that ever -rained and
rewarded the Interest of a theater
going public. Serious talk there was be
fore the rise of the curtain on Monday
night of withdrawing the play on Thurs
day and running "Camile" the rest of the
week. With standing room well occupied
and advance sales taking giant strides
and running leaps to Sunday, the inten
tion becomes a dead issue. Verily, wno
can feel the public pulse and prescribe
the necessary dose? There is but one line
in the play written for a- laugh, and yet
many of the serious speeches come up
against such opposite, situations that in
evitably they eventuate in merriment.
The mummers experienced a mild surprise
and the audience complacently feels that
it has rewarded a bid for a laugh to the
complete satisfaction of the bidder. . lis
the ne plus ultra of the unexpected.
Fancy a playwright giving a surgeon
a long, feverish melodramatic speech to
deliver while he performs a critical oper
ation upon the brain of a -woman nine
tenths along the road to Paradise apd j
making him when the bullet is extracted j
step to the foot of the couch and tell j
the audience and the "Master of all good I
workmen" how proud he is of the job.
The episode recalls little Jack Homer,
who "put in his thumb and pulled out a
plum and said 'What a good boy am I!' '
Mr. Webster- outdoes the intentions of
the author in demonstration and enthu
siasm, and we long to rush to the rescue
of poor helpless Grace Roseberry, with
a roll of antiseptic gauze and an hour of
quiet. Seldom is a worse part written |
than the one of Grace Roseberry.
How could such speeches ever find !
their way from the heart to the lips
of a woman of gentle birth? Miss Nan
nery plays the part according to her '
light about as well as it deserves to be i
played, but her light does not shine like i
"a good deed Ln a naughty world," and j
Grace gropes on melodramatically to her |
destiny. And yet in spite of absurdity j
we are interested to the end.
The part of Mercy Merrick has been
played by almost every emotional actress,
good and bad, since the days of Ada Caw
endish, who created the role years agcf
: in London, but never have we seen it done
in the quiet, earnest, thoughtful way of
Miss Roberts, who makes us feel it is
right. She does not whine through four |
nets in search of consolation and pity, j
i but, convinced that the common course of i
things is in favor of — —happiness, she j
strikes for the one chance of redemption, |
straightens a bend where she can and In I
the end faces what seems the inevitable
with a single sob. The subdued tone of |
the early acts gives the one great speech \
in the fourth an added value, and Miss
Roberts gives a climax here such as only
the most intelligent sense of the true emo- >
tional could dictate. Julian Gray is a I
unique figure of a clergyman, a right good j
fellow, in fact. He is made to say in the
course of the dialogue: "I obtrude my
profession on no one." In sooth, how \
could he when his first entrance, in the '
solemn "cloth," rushes him headlong to '
th© wine bottle, with "My aunt's claret is
worthy of my aunt. Vive la France," j
upon his lips. And, let me tell you, this is ;
mild when compared with the original, in
which Julian is given a half-page apos- ;
trophe to mirth, pleasure and the joys of
the town. A medieval swashbuckler ;
would not be given a jollier speech.
It serves, however, to put us en rapport
With the human side of his nature, and we
follow him with comfortable assurance
that he will guide without preaching, and j
love when he meets his fate with all the j
ardor of his lay brethren. Mr. Whittlesey I
gives an admirable performance of the i
role, meeting Miss Roberts' mood with j
one equally quiet and convincing. One of
the most conspicuous virtues of this actor ■
is that he never overacts. Miss Howe
does excellent work as Lady Janet Roy, I
"all the years" of whose life "have been
wasted in longing for something to love." j
The other roles are creditably sustained i
by the members of the Alcazar stock
company, and the play, with all its incon
gruities, has never a dull spot. Next
week we shall with regret bid farewell to
Mr. Morrison, who returns to play for the
last time his old beloved part of Faust.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Midweek Theatrical Notes.
The seventh week of Henry Miller's en
gagement at the Columbia Theater will be
Inaugurated on Monday evening, when
will be presented a superb revival of the
charming" romantic comedy, "Hearts
ease." Mr. Miller will again appear in the
delightful role of the young composer,
Erie Temple, while from among the mem
bers of the special company will appear
Margaret Anglln, Charles walcot, Mar
garet Dale, Louise Thorndyke Boucicault.
Guv Standing, James Lindsay, Earle
Browne, Frank B. Lamb, Mrs. Thomas
Whiffen, C. Leslie Alien and others.
It is announced that Immediately follow
ing the week of "Heartsease" Henry Mil
ler Will make his first appearance here as
the melancholy Dane in a very elaborate
and costly revival of "Hamlet." This star
is certainly capable of winning favor fn
the greatest of the classics and his ap
pearance in "Hamlet" will be pleasantly
awaited.
Next week will be the farewell week of
Lewis Morrison at the Alcazar. Miss
Florence Roberts will remain several
weeks in a repertoire of several standard
emotional dramas.
"Romeo and Juliet," with Florence Rob
erts in the role of Juliet, will follow
"Faust" at the Alcazar.
"The Lady of Lyons" will be an early
date production at the Alcazar with Miss
Roberts in the leading role.
Never' before during the history of the
California Theater has that house done
such a business for its lessees as it is
now doing with the Frawley company on
the boards. From the Thursday night
that Miss Bates first opened in "The Last
Word" up to last night, when she ap
peared in "The Dancing Girl," not only
has every seat been sold, but hundreds
who have appeared at the box office have
been forced to turn away disappointed
simply because there was no place inside
to put them.
One of the greatest of the Tivoll's suc
cesses, the comic opera "Wang" has been
selected for production for next week to.
mark the close of the twentieth season
of the theater and the last appearances
at the house of the popular comedian. Ed
win Stevens. The- opera is well known in
this city, having been played at the Tiv
oli and also presented by De Wolf Hopper,
the original Wang. Although Mr. Ste
vens has a long list of "hits" in his stage
career none is greater than the one of the
Regent of Slam, which he ■ plays next
week.
One* week from Monday the Tivoli will
begin a season of grand opera in En
glish, German and Italian, which will In
clude all the standard operas and many
which have never been rendered here.
The cast will embrace the names of many
famous lyric artists, notably. Fraulein
Ella Prosnitz, Mary Link. Signor Aveda
no, Baron Berthold. Signor Sallasa. Wil
liam Martens. Vlncen_b Fonerarl, William
Schuster and Inez Dean.
"Olivette" has been played to large
houses all the week. It will be followed
on Monday by "Faust," elaborately staged
and sung in English.
The Orpheum presents an unusually
good bill this week. George Wilson, Min
nie Palmer, the Rixfords and Hayes and
Litton are retained and new and clever
people fill the places of those who are
gone.
The vaudeville . performance .at the
Chutes is replete with bright things this
week and a good bill is announced to
follow, In the Zoo are to be seen the old
man kangaroo and other rare specimens
of the animal kingdom. *-
Bunko Men Jubilant.
John Reynolds. J. W. Simpson, B.
Franklin and John Hall, bunko men. ar
rested May.24 by Policemen Chappeile and
Cullinane for vagrancy, had thir cases
dismissed by Judge Treadwell yesterday
on the ground that the complaints, which
were drawn up by ex-Judge Joachimsen,
were defective, inasmuch as they did not
recite the whole subdivisions .on which
the charge was based. The cases of
FranKlin and Hall, who were arrested
Wednesday by Detectives Silvey and
Egan, were also dismissed on, the ground
that a similar charge was then pending
against them. The cases of George Has
tings and William Martin, also arrested
Wednesday by Silvey and Egan, were con
tinued till July 28. r tfytf'tf tf-itftf
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's."
Best eyeglasses, specs, 15 to 40 cts., 73
4th st. Sundays, 741 Mkt., stationery store.*
. Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
COMMUNICATIONS
IMPERIALISM.
By Daniel Gilbert.
It is refreshing in these days of blind
partisanlsm to find a journal of such wide
Influence and circulation as The Call ad
vocating the cause of truth and righteous
ness fearlessly. There is no doubt the
time is near at hand when your position,
so nobly taken, will be commended and
accepted by all loyal Americans regard
less of party name. I felt it my duty as
an Abraham Lincoln Republican to write
you this open letter and encourage if pos
sible your patriotic work.
Many utterances from pulpit and plat
form at this anniversary time of our na
tional independence must cause all can
did, liberty loving people to stop and re
flect as to their meaning. Is it possible
that we. have been celebrating in spirit
and in truth" our national birthday? If
our words accord with the Declaration
o*f Independence, then we have surely
been celebrating the day In the same
•spirit as intended by "the fathers.;* But,
strange to say, there are some who have
been "set apart to preach the gospel of
peace" who had no comforting words of
the Lord and Master to offer, but instead
breathing of. "the sword and slaughter."
To be more explicit; p. body of minis
ters met in San Francisco on July 3, 1599,
and proclaimed themselves in favor of
"bloody imperialism"— one of the number
going so far as to even applaud "our
noble Callfornian, James Jeffries": an
other member of the meeting said that
"the Lord Jesus Chrbst is behind the bay
onet." A prominent member of society,
not a church member, after reading the
account of the meeting, said to the
writer: "Can you wonder the churches
are growing lean and poor when such
enunciations come from clergymen?"
And then ho said: "I could never be In
duced to join a church with a pastor who
could preach such a damnable doctrine
as these men profess to believe. Christ
nowhere taught such a doctrine as that."
The speaker was correct, for Christ no
where taught such . a doctrine as pro
claimed by this Monday meeting of min
isters. There is a terrible responsibility
resting upon men who are supposed to
proclaim the gospel of Christ.
On Sunday, July 2, many pulpits took
up "Expansion and Imperialism," some
of them In strong terms favoring the
idea. One speaker is reported to have
said, "America is destined ere long to
rule the world; God speed the day," etc.
On the Fourth of July some orators up
held extreme views of imperialism even
to extended conquests in Asia, etc.
Can it be that we are living in the land
of Washington, Jefferson and Lincoln?
Can it be that we as a people. have for
gotten and desire to forever forget the
Declaration of Independence? (As one
imperialist said on the Fourth of July,
"it is a musty old document and should
be placed on the retired list.") Win it be
that we are ready to trample the Bible
under foot and try to blot out Christ and
his teachings? I do not believe it. I
believe that when the heat of an unholy
and unpatriotic impulse has spent itself
'"the great majority" will see the dangers
of such a course and reason and right will
assert sway. I cannot believe that the
masses have gone crazy and are ready to
fight for conquest and power. No! no! It
cannot be. This is— this must be liberty
loving America, the land of the free and
the home of the brave, in that we desire
the happiness, freedom and well being of
other peoples— those who ask for and are
able to sustain a free government of their
own.
. To the churches comes the question of
serious importance: Do you expect to
carry the sword in one hand and the Bible
in the other and convert a people to
Christ? With homes burned, a land de
vastated, thousands of fathers and sons
slain, can that appeal to the living Fili
pino that we are a humane and Christian
people and that through us they can find
help and salvation worth having? Would
It not be cruel mockery in the ears of a
people to listen to missionaries from such
a nation? "Stop and think on these
things."
HOLES IN EXAMINER OVER
COATS.
The Examiner has gushed over on the
subject of overcoats for the Oregon sol
diers.and is acting about as nonsensically
as the authority that puts soldiers into
such a camp. There is lots of space in
California where the overcoat squabble
would not flourish.— Willows Journal.
THE JOURNAL WAR NEWS.
James Creelman is telegraphing from
London the latest Philippine news and
doing it quite as correctly and quite as
impressively as he ever did from Ma
nila. In fact, if it were not for the
Muff of the thins, there is no reason
why he might not indite all his dis
patches from the top floor of the Journal
building ln New York.— Fresno Repub
lican.
In Next
Sunday's Call
A GREAT SENSATION :
THE MYSTERY OF THE
SEWERS.
Discovered by the experiences of MARIAN
WEST, the first woman to walk under
the city and through the sewers.
AT THE FRENCH BALL.
A vivid pen picture of its revelries.
CALIFORNIA HOW IT FEELS
HAS TO
A NEW SANDOW. FALL 10,000 FEET.
Two Men of Science Change
Their Opinion as to
Spiritualism. Why?
HOW CALIFORNIA'S LONGEST
TUNNEL WAS BUILT.
\
The Oddest Suburban Town
In America Is in California.
GOLFING IN CALIFORNIA.
The story told by the camera. *
The Call-Herald Automobile — The Statue
to Be Erected to Jeff Cay s — The Boers :
Their Peculiar Ways- From Sunday-School to
Comic Opera, b/ Hattie Be Ladd — Blanche
Bates Gives Her Opinion of California Men,
A Whole String of Attractive Features
Io Next Su o day's CalL
IS CORONER HILL
SUPERIOR
TO THE LAW?
-vORONER HILL and the laws made
I for his guidance do not seem to
I hitch. He has his own free and
\^ easy ideas concerning the conduct
>of affairs at the Morgue.
Strange as it may appear, the statutes
in such case made and provided do not
seem to conform to these ideas.
So much the worse for the statutes!
When that mountain of flesh— Hill, rath
er—plants his brogans on a poor statute,
God help it! It's all day with it."
It becomes a dead letter,. indeed, and,
as such, a fit subject for the Coroner!
Time and again within a very short pe
riod has Coroner Hill shown a reckless
disregard for the . laws enacted for the
government of his office. This was be
lieved at first by those that knew him to
be due to native ignorance or carelessness
at the worst. His acquaintances have
had another guess, and they guess that
he had— well, reasons.
His most recent actions cannot be ex
plained else. -;'- ■;■. .-.:'•'• . _
Take, for instance, the case of Florence
Parker. She. was found dead in her bed
Saturday morning last. One of Hill's
deputies, Gately, was informed by Dr.
-Levison, the Parker family physician,
that the girl had committed suicide.
The law provides what shall be done
in such a case. It reads: -'Whenever any
• Coroner shall receive notice that any per
son has been slain, or has committed sui
cide, or has died suddenly, or has been
found dead under such circumstances as
to require an inquisition, it shall be his
duty to go to the place where such per
son shall be ♦ * * and shall forthwith
summon » * * jurors to appear beforo
him forthwith and make inquisition con
cerning such death."
Of course, for his own purposes, Coro
ner Hill contends that Florence Parker
did not commit suicide: but he certainly
will not contradict the statement that she
died suddenly. Taken for granted the
testimony of all parties concerned that
she died suddenly and not insisting that
she committed suicide, what was Coroner
Hill's duty under the circumstances?
The law provided it. It said he must
go to the place of death, summon jurors
and begin an inquisition into all the cir
cumstances attending such death.
Did Coroner Hill obey this law in the
case of Florence Parker, who, whether
she committed suicide or died, suddenly.
was a subject for inquisition?
Not much. He disregarded the law in
letter and in spirit. He went to the place,
but he summoned no jurors and he began
no inquisition. * . ...
Ho did one thing, however, and. like
several other things he has done, was
absolutely illegal. He called in a physi
cian and caused him to perform an au
topsy
In this Coroner Hill violated the law
made for him and every other coroner.
The law governing autopsies specially
provides that "the Coroner shall appoint
a competent physician, whose duty it shall
be to perform autopsies upon the bodies
of all deceased persons WHEN IN
QUESTS ARE HELD."
Will Coroner Hill have the temerity to
say he held an inquest on the body of
Florence Parker? Who can tell!
He went to the house in person, it is
true, but he did not summon any jurors
to view the body or hear testimony con
cerning the circumstances attending the
girl's death. There is no record at the
Morgue, as required by law when one is
held that there was an inquest. Under
what right, then, did ho order an au
topsy? Why?
Read Coroner Hill's report to the Super
visors:
I have adopted a plan of holding inquests at
J the homes of deceased persons and find that
| It gives a great deal of satisfaction to bereaved
I relatives and. friends.
That autopsy, God save the mark, was
Intended to prove nothing and allowed to
prove nothing that did not give "a great
deal of satisfaction." to the bereaved rela
tives and friend- of Florence Parker.
It was not allowed to proceed far
enough to determine beyond question, as
the law contemplates, the cause of death:
But what is the law to Coroner Hill!
All Greek, apparently, or some other de
ceased letter, to be thrown on a slab at
the Morgue and autopsied to determine
what ailed it.
But the day of retribution is coming.
In the great morgue of public opinion a
jury of the public will sit on the political
corpse of Coroner Hill to return a verdict
of suicide at the polls. He will be borne
ii(. Salt River to tho dumps and planted.
A double cross will mark the spot. On
it will be the legend, "Here Lies a Stiff."
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions if
mothers fpr their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and 13 the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of &c world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
HOTEL. DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round trip tickets. Now only $S>*, by
Ptpamshlp. including: fifteen days' boat:*" at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. Apply at -1
New Montgomery street. Fan Francls_o.ROBBED A POORBOX
TO BUY CIGARETTES
♦TWO SMALL BOYS WHO STARTED EARLY IN CRIME.
c? AWRENCE FORRESTER and James McDermott are cigarette
1 "fiends" and petty larceny thieves. Lawrence- is 9 years of age and
lives with his parents on Stanley street, and James McDermott is two
/tf sj ears older and lives on Harriet street. They work together, and
eighteen months ago were arrested for stealing hats from a freight
car on Townsend street. Owing to their youth, they were sent home. About
three months ago they were arrested for stealing brass from Southern Pa
cific cars and Judge Graham gave them another chance.
Yesterday afternoon they visited the depot <*t Third and Townsend streets
and turned their attention to a Salvation Army poorbox. McDermott had
a knife and forced open the lid of the box, taking $1 03 from it.- A woman
who is employed in a restaurant at the depot observed them and compelled
McDermott •>> return the money to the box. He returned 93 cents, being
shrewd enough to deftly place two nickels in his mouth. The boys broke
away from the woman, who sounded an alarm, and Special Officer Robin
son and Policeman O'Connor gave chase. They captured Lawrence, but Mc-
Dermott escaped. Lawrence was taken to the City Prison and charged with
petty larceny. O'Connor later swore to a complaint for McDermott's ar
rest in Judge Treadwell's court.
Lawrence when seen In the prison acknowledged his share of the theft!
He said he and McDermol went to the depot to look around and when
they saw the ■. box they could not resist the temptation of robbing it.
They wanted money to buy cigarettes, and the first request he marie was for
one, as he said he was lying for a smoke. He saw McDermott put the two
nickels in his mouth and when he asked him for one he would not give up,
which made him angry, He does not seem to realize that he has done wrong
in stealing. •
OREGONIANS
TO APPEAR ON
DRESS PARADE
Ceremony Set for This
Afternoon.
>
EXTRA CLOTHING QUESTION
— • —
VERY FEW AVAIL THEMSELVES
OF THE PRIVILEGE.
♦■
The Examiner's Hundreds of Over
coats Have Dwindled Down to
Eight. Which Arrived Yes
terday Morning.
The Oregon regiment will parade this
afternoon— the first dress parade sine--*
it returned to this country. The regiment
will form on the Infantry parade ground
at the Presidio at i o'clock. it will make
a fine showing, for the Oregon troop
were well known for their drill and dis
cipline while at Manila, and they have
forgotten none of what they learned. The
regiment will be reviewed by General
Summer's and probably by Colonel Free
man, commandant at the post.
The Issue of extra clothing was obtain
ed yesterday, but it di.i not go far, for
there was some hitch in the overcoat gup
ply. The Examiner's promised invoice of
hundreds of overcoats fell down to eigat.
Just eight overcoats were .received, and
these were issued. It has always been
that way with Examiner promises. As
for : blanket;*, the regiment had enough
to supply all who asked for them. And
those who asked for extra clothing were
not numerous. Two companies declined
to call for anything— neither blankets nor
overcoats. Od-j company called for'olan
kets, but no overcoats, and two mora
called tor one overcoat apiece. The mem
orandum held by the regimental Quarter
ins»Mer, Lieutenant Knapp, is as follows:
Company A, no blankets and no over
coats; Company 13, seven blankets, one
overcoat; Company C, thirteen blankets,
no overcoats; Company D, live blankets
and five overcoats; Company E, no blan
kets and no overcoats; Company )■", thir
teen blankets, twenty-four overcoats;
(ompany G. twenty-one blankets, seven
overcoats; Company 11, thirty blankets,
two overcoats; Company 1, no blankets
and no overcoats; Company K. nineteen
blankets, twenty overcoats;' Company L,
lifteen blankets, no overcoats; Company
M,- fifteen blankets, two overcoats.
The Red Cross Society gave thirty over
coats. These have all been issued, Eight
more arrived yesterday morning. These,
too. were issued. General Warfield will
probably come to the relief of the Ex
aminer with a few more to-day, and these
will lie issued until the requisitions re
ferred to shall have been filled out.
There are over 1200 men In the regiment,
all shivering with cold, according to tha
Examiner, but out of thai number all
tlie overcoats applied for amount to a
total of seventy-one, and all the blankets
to 138. It was a great victory tor tne
Examiner and its advertising bureau.
John Lafferty of H Company of th--
Orcgonlans caused a sensation yesterday
by being sent to the general hospital,
suffering from "typhoid symptoms." Hi.*
ease is not typhoid, the Burgeons say,
however, but is the result of a protract
ed spree In which he has been lately in
dulging. He is being held In the hospital
•'. await the development of his malady,
whatever it may be. but it is not ex
pected that it will take any serious turn.
Lieutenant Colonel Harbaugh, Third
Infantry, who has been In command of
the recruits at the Presidio, has bean
promoted, and he is now a colonel. He
has been assigned to the command of the
First United States Infantry, Colonel
Evan Miles, late commander, having been
retired.
Recruit James M. Jones, Twenty-third
infantry, having been found guilty of
drunkenness and disorderly conduct, has
been sentenced to be dishonorably dis
charged, to forfeit all nay and all allow
ances due him and to be confined at hard
labor for six months. The sentence has
been approved and Alcatraz has been des
ignated as the place for his detention. His
' principal offense was an assault with a
razor upon a comrade.
Major William Monaghan. additional
paymaster. Fnited States Volunteers; has
been assigned to temporary duty with the
chief paymaster of this department.
Captain William K. Horton, assistant
quartermaster, inited States Volunteers,**
has been ordered to Manila on the trans
port Tartar.
j Second Lieutenant Ernst Hagadorn, Six- I
teenth Infantry, has been detailed to the i
transport Ohio as quartermaster during
. her next trip to the Philippines. First
Lieutenant Bertram C. Gilbert, Sixti. Ar
■ tillery, has been detailed as quartermas-
I ter of the transport Newport.
A detachment to consist of First Lieu- ■
. tenant B. O. Lenoir. Sergeant L. B. Bur
ford, Corporal C. F. Smith and First Class j
I Privates John B. Tracy. William Hender- ;
| son. William F. Otto. Michael J. Mahon, |
j E. G. Kerfoot ---rge H. O'Connor. C. W.
Timlin. A. W. Helm and N. J. Voorhees,
Signal Corps. United States army, now at i
j Angel Island, will be neid in readiness to
: sail on the transport Tartar on or about |
! the 2d Inst.
A detachment of 230 enlisted men now I
awaiting transportation at the Presidio
for the Philippine Islands will be held in
readiness to sail on the trans New-
I port for Manila on or about the 25th Inst.
The following officers are designated for j
service with and to accompany the de- j
tachment: captain John A. Dapray, !
Twenty-third Infantry; Second Lieutenant
! William S. Bradford, Seventeenth Infan
| try. •-■-"-*• '"
A detachment of 475 will be held in read
iness to sail on the transport Ohio on or
about the 25th Inst. The men will be
organized by the commanding officer, Pre
sidio of San Francisco, into one battalion
of four companies, and when ready for
< transportation will he turned over to Ma
jor Owen ,T. Sweet. Twenty-third Infantry,
■ now at that post. The following officers
are designated for service with and to ac
company the battalion and companies: |
Major Owen J. Sweet. Twenty-third In
fantry: Captain Charles L. Collins, Twen- !
tv-third Infantry: Second Lieutenant
Louis J. Van Schaick, Fourth Infantry.
Second Lieutenant l-'.dward W. ReMnson.
Twenty-third Infantry; Second Lieuten
ant Samuel W. Noyes, Twenty-third In
fantry.
Four of the officers Of the Oregon regi
ment who wish to remain in the volun
: teer service were examined by Lieutenant
; Colonel Plummer yesterday. The regi
ment is entitled to three officers in the
provisional army and there are four ap-
plicants for the three positions. All four
were recommended by Colonel Summers,
and it will rest with the examiner as to
; Which one of the four must retire. The
announcement of the names of the lucky
j ones will be made in a few days. j
IDAHO MINING TROUBLES.
I An Imported Miner Writes That They j
"Will Soon Be Ended.
A letter has been received in this city I
by George D. Campbell from Arthur 11.
I Wallace, a returned soldier at Manila I
! who received an honorable discharge and j
! Went to the Cdeur d' Alette country, where {
i the recent miners' troubles have at- .
tracted considerable attention. Wallace i
I secured work in the mines and says that '
I the conditions in that country are not as j
j they have been represented to i.e.
"There are still upward of 300 men in j
i the 'bull pen,'" writes Wallace, "and as ,
jwo passed along the road toward the J
; mines, the wives of the men whom we
replaced taunted us with being 'scabs,' \
: and after we got settled in our little :
cabin, a little girl came in and said we j
had come to take her papa's place. You !
; may construe this as I did, that although !
\ the men are still in the bull pen. the :
I light is still being carried on by the wo- i
( men folks.
**1 do not believe it possible to run these :
! mines with green hands— the mining re- ,
! quiring men used to the locality and ac- '
quainted with the grade of ore. l am
under the impression that in the course
of a few weeks the men now in the 'bull !
pen' will be released and put to work
again, and then good-bv to the California
and Montana miners thai have been im
ported to take their places. -
"The entire populace Is in sympathy j
\ with the imprisoned miners and have no
] earthly use for any one who has come !
to take their places. The mine owners \
\ maintain, and rightly, too. that unless !
! wages are kept up they themselves will :
; be the losers, as they would be compelled
to charge leas for commodities furnished
to their employes. They now charge $30 :
j for board and $*> for room, two in a bed
• and two beds in a room." .*'""?
His Scalp Torn Off. i
John Hogan, a boy 14 years of age. liv
ing at 120 Sixth street, was picking up !
pieces of lumber for kindling for his !
mother in a lumber yard at .Sixth and
Channel streets yesterday when a pile'
of lumber fell on him and the back of
his scalp was ripped off. He was taken !
to the * Receiving Hospital, where Dr. \
Stephen took considerable time in stitch- j
ing and dressing the wounds. The skull
was not fractured.. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1899.
MORE OF THE SAN JOSE
BANK BLUNDERS FOUND
MRS. WRIGHT'S POOR CHANCE
TO RECOVER MONEY.
Directors' Deed for Security Is Null
and Void— Others Who Made
Loans Are in the Same Fix.
According to an opinion by Assistant
Attorney General Sturtevant Mrs. Myra
! B. Wright of. San Jose is liable to have
trouble in recovering (60,000 loaned by her
to the Union Savings Bank of San Jose.
The opinion was in response to an in
] quiry by the State Bank Commissioners.
I In IS9B and the. early part of this year
; W. H. Wright was one of the directors
! of the bank, which is now in liquidation.
! His wife advanced the $*iO.OOO to the bank
j and to secure the payment of the loan the
: bank directors gave the lady a deed on
| the bank property. At the same time Mrs.
I Wrlgnt executed a contract agreeing to
I reconvey the property to the Institution
' upon the repayment of the $60,000.
Mr. Sturtevant in bis opinion states
that the Union Savings Bank of San Jose
'< was originally a savings bank and had
| been conducting a savings bank business.
| The statutes under which it was incor
porated and operating clearly show that
■ It is beyond the power of the corporation
! to do a' commercial banking business and
: its directors had no right to borrow the
money from Mrs. Wright, and that the
j contract under which it borrowed the
, money from her and issued the deed to
the bank .premises, as well as the lady's
i contract to reconvey the property upon
! repayment of the money, were all null
; and void. Mr. Sturtevant advises the
! Bank Commissioners to inform the offi-
c ials now in charge of the bank that the
Wright contracts are worthless.
It seems that at different times during
' the past two years the board of directors
iof this bank have borrowed sums of
, monov from different persons for which
I they gave as pledges the securities of the
| batik. Mr, Sturtevant writes that the
same rules apply to these cases as to that
of the transactions between the directors
I and Mrs. Wright.
MR. SPEAR'S PERIL.
How He Bravely Captured a Young
Melanolestes Picipes in the
Custom House.
Customs Surveyor Spear is thankful
hat he escaped being inoculated with the
juice of the kissing hug. and he has the
bug on exhibition in a small whisky flask.
ill- encounter happened yesterday. Time,
forenoon; place, the Surveyor's desk in
'he Custom-house.
The Surveyor was conversing with a
broker, when something landed on his
mustache near the corner of his nose on
the port side. Before the something,
which was the -tig, could gel his diamond
drill and vacuum pump into operation
Mr. Spear dashed his bugship senseless
upon the desk and captured him, using a
wad of newspaper as a guard for his
fingers. The unwelcome visitor was then
placed in a bottle, where he came to his
senses after a while and astonished the
brokers with an exhibition of agility.
The bug has six legs and two feelers.
The legs are spidery and covered with
Miff bristles like those of the tarantula
and the ends of the feelers are curled in
wardly like the tendrils of a vine. The
eyes of the bug are jet black and shiny
and bulge out as prominently as shoe
buttons. The muzzle is sharp and the
head, viewed through a magnifying glass,
resembles that of a horse. There are two
slender, gauzy wings standing out at
right angles from the body when the In
sect is traveling.
It was pronounced to be a young speci
men of the melanolestes picipes, or as
sassin bug.
LUCK OF A CONFIDENTIAL CLERK,
Gained Wealth on a Small Invest
ment.
J. J. Seneca l, confidential clerk of Ar
mani! Cailleau, 114-116 Kearny street,
San Francisco, invested $1 in the June '
22 drawing of the Lottery Beneflcencia
Publica of the City of Mexico, pur
chasing one-fourth of the ticket 70,859
which won $60,000, his share being
$15.000, which amount was promptly
paid to him.
The lottery of the P.enificencia Pub
li.ii of the City of Mexico is very
popular on this coast because many of
the. capital prizes have been won here
and payments made promptly.
The lottery of the Reneficencia Pub
lica of the City of Mexico is the only
one that is guaranteed and protected
by the Mexican National Government,
and all drawings are held in public
under the immediate supervision of
Federal officers. !.*, .
The Mexican National Government
appointed Hon. Antonio Perez to act
for the Treasury Department and
Senator Apolinar Castillo acts as In
tervener, therefore every one is as
sured of the honest dealings of the old
reliable lottery of the Beneflcencia
Publica of the City of Mexico, which is
under the able management of U. Bas
setti.
"J hear that Bill I .umbers has changed
his name." "Yes, since lie began to get so
big and heavy the folks 'call him Plum
ber's Bill."— Chicago News. !____
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL DISEASESI
AND WEAKNESS OF MEN. B
DR. MEYERS * CO. are the most X
popular physicians because they are |
the most successful. They are the I
most successful for the reason that W*
they arc the most skilled and expe- ■
rienced. They have been curing die- ■
ease** and weakness of men for more I
than eighteen years, and have the I
largest and beet equipped medical in- I
stitution in America. *\
NO PAY TILL CURED. .'
Patients can arrange to pay when I
they are well; or may pay in monthly N
installments. Consultation free. |
DR. METERS & CO., I
T3I MARKET ST., S. F. ||
Elevator entrance. Hours, 8 to 6 dally; at-
-7 to 8 evenings; 9 to 11 Sunday. H
MUNYON'S INHALER
Positively Cures Catarrh, Hay Fever and All
Throat and Lung Diseases.
CLOUDS OF MRDI-
§ Seated vapor are in-
jffjSWfhiiffi- haled through the mouth
&f JH and emitted from
the nostrils, having
" _ft^ cleansed and vaporized
V_r_s_T all the diseased parts.
A sense of relief la felt
■ at once. A cure Is cer-
&fclr^i+t% !*} 1 \§t'.' tain. Doctors indorse
_W*l^{ J H SHSf^ It. Everybody . praises-
'-jSyjK-i^jf ~~-1[ T^T' At all druggists*, or
'^^'i'SS-^i mailed to any address;
-■\y**^ price, 11. with . every -
The Inhaler In use. thing complete.
It reaches the sore spots.
It heals the raw places.
It goes to the seat of disease.
It penetrates obscure places, where drugs
taken into the stomach cannot reach.
it acta as a balm and a tonic to the whole
system. - . ■ ...
Write to Prof. Munyon, 1505 Arch street,
Philadelphia, -Fa;, for free medical advice upon
any disease. ' -'.-tf :',-:■:•'
ADVERTISEMENTS. . - -■ ' ■■
_s__f -^-S-^^^^^^^^^ "*■^^**w^^^^**C^^^^^-^^-^^«^-^->»
Back up a sewer, and you poison the whole neighborhood. Clog up liver and bowels, and your stomach is
full of undigested food, which sours and ferments, like garbage in a swill-barrel. That's the first step to untold
misery — indigestion, foul gases, headache, furred tongue, bad breath, yellow skin, mental fears, everything that
is horrible and nauseating. CASCARETS quietly, positively stop fermentation in the stomach, make the liver
lively, tone up the bowels, set the whole machinery going and keep it in order.
Don't hesitate! Take Cascarets to-day and be saved from suffering I
_i-***__P**^^^^SB^-fes-v t "After I was Induced to try CASCA- i ~
j^it&r -^fS^-Sie-. BETS, I will never be without them in the .
_!K_Sr _<? >^^^3SJ__ Vir house. My liver was in a very bad shape. oo**"
y____r J^^S^M^^^k W*3Sv* id and my head ached and I had stomach trou- th«_
_^Hr __Hr l^^^ i^__r IfP^lllfj * I ' c * l My wlfe has also use<l th ?- m wit *" be *- eflclal mea '
.•Jjy BfeaT Jf_§__' he results for sour stoma-h " h e 3
ANNUAL SALES, 5,000,000 BOXES. _ J _gf___o^
THE TABLET i^^ DRUGGISTS
CASCARETS are absolutely harmless, a purely vegetable compound. No mercurial or other mineral pill-poison in Cascarets. Cascarets promptly, effectively and permanently
cure every disorder of the Stomach, Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and every form of irregularity of the bowels, including diarrhaa and dysentery
Pleasant, palatable, patent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken weaken or gripe. Ec sure you get the genuine I Beware <?f imitations and substitutes ! Buy a box of CASCARETS
to-day, and if not pleased in every respect, nt your money back 1 Write us for booklet and free sample ! Address STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, CHICAGO or NEW YORK.
 375
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
S.H. FRIEDLANDER, Manager.
CROWDS CONTINUE TO POUR IN
f ENTHUSIASM INCREASES NIGHTLY.
MiSS BLANCHE BATES
And Her Excellent Company of Players.
In Henry Arthur Jones' Masterpiece
THE DANCING GIRI
Presented in Masterly Style by T. DANIEL
FRAWLEY.
SKATS ON SALE NOW for Sardou's Great
Comedy,
'/ttADftiriE SPUN*-** gene."
New Scenery, New Costumes, .New Stage
Features.
Reserved Seats 25c. 50c, 77>c, Jl.
Matinee ■ Prices 25c, 50c. 75c.
COLUMBIA ItAOINO
W>*n__ _JI slUW** rxEAnj*
Charles Frohman Presents
Mr. HENRY MILLER
And A SPF.C'AL COMPANY.
LAST 2 NIGHTS-MAT. SAT. ,
LORD AND LADY ALGY
R. C. Carton's Brilliant Comedy.
Beginning Next' MONDAY.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
Brilliant Revival of
HEARTSEASE.
HENRY MILLER as ERIC TEMPLE.
ALCAZAR ™
PHONE Main 2*4.
4 MORE PERFORMANCES
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In the Strong Emotional Play
"THE NEW MAGDALEN."
Supported hv
WHITE WHITTLESEY, MAY NANNARY and
the ALCAZAR COMPANY.
15c, 25c, p^s 35c, 50c.
Next-Farewell week of LEWIS MORRISON
in" "FAUST."
GRAND OPERA _iOUS_S
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT O. (Inc.). Lessee
ANOTHER BRILLIANT SUCCESS
ALL THIS WEEK. -7
rostly and Beautiful Production of Audran -
Dellehtful Comic Opera.
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved. Sic and 50.
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved. 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE. Reserved. ICe
QALLERY. 10c.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can bt-
purchased for 25c. Family Circle 15c.
Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 632.
NEXT WEEK— "FAUST" (ln English).
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF THE
Gorgeous Burlesque,
MATINEE ON SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT. WEEK— THE COMIC OPERA,
"lA/ANG."
List Appearance of EDWIN STEVENS.
EXTRA— Monday, .Inly 31. opening of. the
GRAND OPERA SEASON. Watch for full
particulars in the dally papers.
POPULAR PtflC .-... *-«*■ find 50.:
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
July 22 and 23.
RECORD BREAKING EVENTS.
PUPPY AND RESERVE STAKES!
176— NOMINATIONS— 176 *%
$122(K TOTAL PRIZE MONEY— SI22O
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets Saturday.
9:15 a. m. and 12:55 p. m.; Sunday, 10:15 a. m..
11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning
from Park Immediately after last course. Ex-
tra train from Park on Sunday, at 4:45 p. m.
San Mateo Electric cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION 25c. 'Ladles "Free
Weekly Call, $I.oo » Year
AMUSEMENTS.
I^_i_^f*_i%^^^_L
NEW FACES, NEW ATTRACTIONS !
KILPATRICH AND BARBER,
LES BROWNS,
HOUDINI,
MINNIE PALMER A CO.,
GEORGE WILSON,
THE RIXFORDS.
MILLIAN AND SHIELDS,
THE PASQUALIS,
HAVES AND LYTTON.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, BOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR FAMILY LXCURSION
TO
SANTA CRUZ
SUNDAY, JU.Y 23.
Personally conducted by Mr. WM. H. MEN-
TON, Excursion Passenger Agent Southern
Pacific Company.
__^EE_2^a^!.^^i^_Sß_^
ONLY & POR THE
*$? \t&r ROUND
Sari TRIP
FIVE HOURS AT THE SEASIDE
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS IN CAMP.
Leave ferry landing, foot of Market st., 7:47,
a. m.', returning arrive San Francisco at 8:05
p. in. Tickets on sale 2uth. 21st and 22d at
Grand Hotel Ticket Office, 61.1 Market street,
and on the morning of 23d at Ferry.
E. O. McCORMICK, Pass. Traffic Mgr.
T. H. GOODMAN. Cen. Pnss Agent.
CONCEBTS AND RESORTS.
TWO DAYS ONLY
Matinee this afternoon and to-morrow after-
noon.
CAKE WALK CARNIVAL !
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Children presenting this advertisement at the
door admitted, free.
Challenge match to-night between Gus Tate
and Pearl Landers of the Midnight Rell Com-
pany, and J. Walker Cole and Miss Brown,
champions of the world. 
The Steward Colored Champions In Contest.
Finals In all the great matches settled to-
night and to-morrow night.
MO MORE RESERVED SEATS ADDED.
MISSION' 27..-.
_— -
Battle Th.,.n.hn were there
_J»d lllv Those who were there
_ say the Panorama is a
*-_ V correct representation.
\_9 1 • Lectures by Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
/__ __ __ „ 1 __ noons and evenings.
_Y*Cl____C_ Market St.. nr. Eighth.
■ . Admission 50c.
""£> __ _ . | Children. 25c.
Bay! _ l , l l „-i. ! _i--**_.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, it
Bathing. Including admission. 25c; Chil-
dren. JOe
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
1 HE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN-
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 p. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED RY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT. IN
EVERT DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE,' 838
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE, Main 1531.'
OAKLAND OFFICE, 11 IS Broadway. ..
' SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street.
: THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
j From Jan. 2S, 1899. trains will run as follows]
j ' South-bound. North-bound.
! Passen- [Mixed. Mixed. I Passen-
ger. iSundav Stations. Sunday ger.
j Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd \ Dally.
'' 7:20 ami 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
»-10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
> 10:40 ami 6:3* pm Fresno ■• 8:30 ami 2:42 pm
! 11:38 am 7:43 pm Har.'ord 7:45 am, 1:45 pm
i 2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakeisfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami 0.25 pm Vlsalla 8:40 am 1:22 pm
11:16 pmi 6:51 pm Tulare 6:60 ami 1:05 pm
' Stopping at Intermediate points as required..
: For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 851 Marks*
, street, San Francisco.
RAILBO AD T_tAV___
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FiNEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Va New \ork Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington,
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
- VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P- DEPPE,
lA.G.P. A , A. G. A,
St. Louis. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati, O.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LESSEE
SAM FBANCISCO' AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F^t-ry, Foot of Market 6_
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:38,
! 8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
l at 11:30 p. ■_. Saturdays— E::tra trips at I:6*
', and 11:30 p. m. •
i SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:80, 3:88,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:58 and 6:35 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— S:IO, 8:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 8:40. 6:08,
8:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzea Park
I same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
! San Franclsoo. In Effect San Francisco.
j . 1 April 18. L —*— -
! Week Bun- 1(599. I S-n- Week
Days. I days. I Destination. ' days. | Day a
i f:3O am S:OC am : Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm -9:30 am ' Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 a-n
' 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Ki-sa. 7:85 pm 8.80 pra
' Fuiton. tftf :■:'
7:3. a-. I Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg;,
Lytton,
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
.8:80 pm 5:00 am' Gloverdale. 7:3." pm "80 pm
! To am Hopland and ■•- 1 10:25 am
5. 30 pm 8:00 am, Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
j 7:30 ami 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Ouemeville. 7:35 pm ".tftf,
. 8:80 pmf 6:20 pm
! 7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an*
i and j
6:10 pm 5:00 pmj Glen Ellen. 6:05 ;m| 6:20 pru
j 7:20 am 8:00 am' Sebastupol. 10:40 am ,10:25 am
I 8:20 pm| 5:00 pm! I 7:85 pm 6:20 pm
Stamps connect at Ssnta Rosa for Mark West
! Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
I for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skagf--s
i Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysera; at Hop-
i land for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring*.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake*-
! port and Bnrtlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
1 i Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
j Del! Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
i potter Valley, John Cay's. Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllie,
Booneville. Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro. Albion, Little River,
' Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
• J Westport. Usal, Wlllltts. Laytonville, Cum-
rnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. -;.••.
- Saturday to Monday round ■ trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldj;.
H. C. WHITING. R. X RYAN,
General Manager. Gen Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, ISM.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m. .
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
! and 4 p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return. 81 40.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agts., 621 Market «L
EAILEOAD TRAVEL*.
SO- Till IMCII'K! COMB-ANT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
! Train I«st« nml r»rt« <lti«-> lo nrrlre at
»_!•« FItAMC'I.Mt O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
: i.eavb — From Jose 25. 1899. — arrit,
7:OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . B:-8Sr
?>UUa MarysTille Orovillaand Redding via
Woodland 5:-B*»p
7 .-OO a Elmira. Vacaville and Rumsejr Bs4sp
"i »'_<» a Martinez, San 1 'anion, Vallejo. Napa.
Calistoga and Santa Rosa Oil.*"*
SiOOa Atlautic Express. Ogileu and East.. oi4.a
i>i»»a Sau .Jose. Livermore. Stockton.
lone, Sacramento, Piacerville.
MarysTille, Chico, lied UInJT 4i|!»p
DiSOa •Milton, Oakdale and sjouora 4il3*»
•iSOa Yosemite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese 4: IS*
8>:OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 11:45 a
• iOOa Martinez, Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton.
Mescedand f'reano 82:l»*
OiMWa Fresno, Hakerslield. Santa RarltAra.
Los Angeles, Demlng. El Paso.
New Orleans and East 6:4.1*
IO:OOA Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:4.* i*
1 1 :OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 2: 4.*ir
12:00 m Niles, Livermore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia.
Porterville *'■***
•l:00»» Sacramento Itlver Steamers "SiOKp
S:OOp Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. a:4S*
«:OOr Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Caliatoca, Santa Rosa OilSa
4*)OOr Benicia, VacaTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Orovillo 10:4(1*
MBT Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7: 1 "J*
4:SOp Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 13:15-
-•x4>4»*The Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field, Sangus for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles 9:43*
SiSO* Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:1*5*
■<80p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
Mojave and l-os Angeles Bi43a
•■Bop Sauta Fe Route, Atlautio Express
forMojave and East 0.-4S*
•••Mr Chicago-San Francisco Special, Ogden
and East ««4»p
•:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:43*
••IOOr Vallejo .' 12:18*
7iOMp Oregon press, Sacramento, Marys-
vllle. Redding, Portland, Puget
Hound ami East Ti 13*
|»:OOr Vallejo, Port Oosta and Way Sta-
tlons tlOiftO*
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
: (Foot ot Market Street.)
|n_M Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Oruz and Principal Way Stations 1S:«3*»
Bilf* a Newark.Centerville.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Oniz and Way
Stations St3o»
•••IS* Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New-
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations "IOrSOA
•tlSp San Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 9:20*
Mi ISp Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
i tions :... /9:2Q*
CREEK ROUTE F^RRY.
fa-SIX raMOISCO— Foot of Hsrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. {1:00 *2:00 13:09
•1:00. 13:00 *6:Cop.m.
fr»_OilUllD— Pool •rßrOidwAV.— "fi:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
tia-OO »1:00 13:00 »3:QQ tt*.Qo «s:oop.ii.
COAST DITISIOS (Broad Gauge).
1 (Third and Townsend Sts.) p
•OilOa Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. •6:SO*
*7iOOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) •SiOOa
S7iBoa Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
Pnclflo Grove and Principal Way
Stations J»:33»
B)iOOa Nan Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Crux,
Pacillo Orote. Paso RobUs, San
I, nig Ol.ispo, Surf, Lompoo aud
Principal Way Stations 4ilOp
I«i4oa San Jose ami Way Stations 0:33*
11:30 a San Jose aud Way Stations 1:30*
•Si4sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santo Clara. San ,Iwse,
Holllster, Santa Cms. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacilio Grove •10:38*
•liSOp San Jose. Santo Cruz. Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations...:... # 7:30*
•4:1 San Joseand Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
San Jose and Principal Way Stations *fr:3.*" *
S43OP San Jose and Principal Way Stations **»:00*
6:30p San Joseand Way Stations r»:3op
111:45 c San Joseand Way Station »._. 17:* tOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon
•Sunday excepted. J Sunday only. r Saturday only.
Mati—da* aud Sundae /Sunday and Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, "8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m ;
•1:45 3:20. 4:00. **6:CO. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA 'TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
! Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
I and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:88 p. m.
SUNDAYS •8:'"0, "9:1*0. 10 88, 11:00, 11:30 a.
I m.; 1:00, *1:45.*2:30, •4:00. 5:30. 6:4' p. m.
! 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
• 5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'.v- Sundays.
*' Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:40, 7:55, S:4O, »10:20
; a. m.: _:30. 2:1.*.. *3:40, 4:88, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
' and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *H:W, »9:45, '10:45, »11:4.>
i a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, »3:30, •.*:l5. '6:00, 7:00, 10:15
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentlru
\ FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:4B 6:30, 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. *4:35. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday". Wednesdays
I and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:O0, 10:00, 11:10 a. m. : 12:0o,
, 1:20, 2:40, 3:65, 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7-00' a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stains.
I 3** op m Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta ns.
i 6-15 p m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations,
i 8 00 a m. Sundays— Caxadero and way sta'ns.
1*45 p.* m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way ata'ns.
TIE ill CALL,
$1 per Year.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Tig Tin still higher.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat firmer and Parley weaker.
Red Oats lower. White firm.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay weakening under heavy receipts. .
Beans still firm and active.
Potatoes lower. Onions steady.
' Butter weals and Eggs firm.
More Eastern Poultry In.
Fresh Fruits in fair demand.
Large Prunes wanted for Europe.
Lard advanced. Hams active.
Hides and Wool unchanged.
Meat market as before.
Quicksilver limber again.
Linseed Oil lower.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of Produce from this port by sea for
the fiscal year Just ended amounted to $33,940,
--{•00. against $45,953,500 for the preceding fiscal
year, the deficiency last year being caused
largely by the short wheat crop. The exports
during the first six months of the current year
were $15,111,600. against $17,277,500 for the same
time in 1398, the hading shipments being as fol
lows: Atlantic ports. $1,182,000; Great Britaatn,
51.R07.200; China. $1,855,000; Japan, $2,069,300;
Hawaiian Islands, $4,053,600; Australia. $71ti,8'i0;
Central America, $539,-600; Mexico, $746,700.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 20, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day*.
Eureka 60 San Diego 78
Fresno 10) Sacramento v " .
I.os Angeles 90 Independence 9S
Red Bluff 94JYuma 100 |
San Luis Obispo 801
San Francisco .lata: Maximum temperature.
f.B; minimum. 52; mean. 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(RECASTS.
The pressure continues to fall over Nevada.
Utah and Southern Idaho. A moderate storm
is central over the valley of the Colorado and
Southern Nevada.
Light rain is reported In Northern Arizona
and Southern Utah.
There has bee a decided fall In temperature
ln the San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys
and the temperatures are now more nearly
normal than for four days past.
In the vicinity of San Francisco there is a
vertical thermal* gradient of 1 degree rise for
every 150 feet of elevation.
A thunderstorm is reported at Cedar City,
Utah.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Wlnnemucca. "2 miles southwest: 1
Poeatella" 44 miles southwest.
Forecast made li San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 21. 1899:
Northern California— Fair Friday; cooler In
the forenoon in the valleys; southerly winds
inland; fresh westerly winds on the coast..
Southern California— Fair Friday; sand- ]
storms in the desert; northerly winds Inland, j
■westerly winds on the coast.
. Nevada— cloudy Friday; probably showers
early Friday morning; cooler in the eastern
portion.
Utah-Cloudy Friday; probably showers;
cooler
Arizona— Showers in northern portion, fair in
southern portion.
San Fran.-isco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
brisk westerly winds with fog in the afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Oiilclal.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July To-day's stock market
continued narrow and professional, but there
was an improvement in the tone of speculation.
In the iate market a rather active buying j
movement set in and prices rose to the top •
level of the- day. gaining a point or over as ;
compared with last night's price in many cases.
There was an early reaction, which was en
couraged by the violent slump of 22 points in !
New York Air BraJ<e and an extreme decline of j
5 points in Consult*, ited Gas. There seen to |
be an entire absence of commission house buy- i
ing. and London, although prices of American j
had been advanced there, trained from oper
ating here. The course of the foreign ex
change market with reference to easier money |
conditions abroad was closely watched, and {
when sight sterling and cables were seen to be I
yielding it afforded considerable relief from :
apprehension of gold exports. The fact that ]
the Bank of England refrained from advancing
Its rate -of discount, was taken a? evidence that !
the threatened money stringency Is about over I
there. Money worked easier in New York, but
continued above the rates prevailing at interior
points. There was some growth of a convic
-tion that money was not to become cheap for
a considerable period yet owing to the needs I
of the very active trade and the coming move- '
ments of the crops. The heavy Increases '•:'
banking deposits at some of the large financial j
centers of the country are now understood to
be due to the great combinations of industries
and the resulting readjustments In business
methods which have, it is believed, reduced I
resources at some smaller points in a decree j
corresponding to the Increase at the great cen- |
ters. There was some continued uneasiness j
also over evidences of unrest among wage earn- |
ers. The strength of the local traction stocks j
helped to dissipate this* selling. Brooklyn
Rapid Transit and Manhattan gained about a
point net nd cash sales of Metropolitan were i
made at 3"* over last night. This stock also 1
sold ex-rights of subscription to new stock at
a uniform level of 13 points below the cash
sales Consolidated las recovered all of it?
earlier loss and New York Air Brake all but 2
points. The early strength was not held in j
some of the. Industrials, notably Continental
Tobacco and the steel stocks. Pittsburg C |
('. & St. Louis was marked up 5 points on the |
June return of earnings and an upward move- I
ment in Chesapeake and Ohio, Missouri Pacific '
and Cleveland, C. C. & St. Louis, spread to
other railroad stocks, including the grangers,
westerns, New York Central, Union Pa
cific and Atchison preferred. The average I
gains of these approximated a point. Chicago
Great Western debentures lost 1% from the last
sale. Leather preferred was in good demand.
The closing was dull but firm.
Bonds were very dull and rather irregular.
Total sales, par value, f 2. 233,000.
Unit. States 3s. coupon, and the new 4s.
registered, declined **. while the 5s advanced
"s and the old 4s, coupon, % In the bid price.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 19', Do prefd 51*4
Do prefd 61% Texas & Pacific... 22*'.
Baltimore & Ohio. 46% Union Pa He 431.4
Canadian Pacific... '97 1 .. prefd 77%
Canada Southern.. 53*4 Wabash 7%
Central Pacific ■'■:'; Do prefd 22*4 \
Ches _ Ohio 2\> t Wheeling & L E... 9 |
Chi G W 14% Do 2d prefd 23",
("hi By _ y 136 Wisconsin Central. 11*4
Chi Ind & L 10 i Express Companies
Do prefd 40 'Adams 112
Chi & E 111 73*4 American 137 !
Chi & N W 159*4 United States 48
Chi RI & P IIS Wells Fargo 125
CC C & St 1... . . 58*4 Miscellaneous—
Colo Southern 4% Am Cotton Oil 41*-;
Do Ist prefd 44 Do prefd... 92
Do 2d prefd . .. IC*. Am Ma1ting........ 17'_ I
Del & Hudson 121 Do prefd 69
Del L_ W 167 Am Smelting &R. 37*4
Denver _ R G... 21% Do prefd }q% I
Do prefd 7" ■•, Am Spirits 5% !
Erie IV,U Do prefd '..:.. 29'
Do Ist prefd 36% Am Steel. H00p. . ... 29*4
Great No prefd .166 Do prefd 75 "
Hocking Coal 14 Am Steel _ Wire., f.5%
Hocking Valley .21 Do prefd »!.."%
Illinois Central 11."% Am Tin Plate: 38
lowa ' lent .-.1 12 Do prefd £4-%
Do prefd 49 Am Tobacco 97'
X C P & '. 7% Do prefd 143 '■
L E & W 117' i Anaconda M C 0.... 56*4 i
Do prefd 77. Brooklyn R T IVi'.
Lake Shore 200 Colo rue,' _ Iron.. 4:. \
Louis & Nash 72% Cont Tobacco '41% j
Manhattan L lis Do prefd :... mu'..
Met St Ry. ex-r... 211*4 Federal Steel ... .'.,'. j
Mexican Central... 14% Do prefd 80%
Minn _ St Louis... 54*4 Gen Electric 119*4
Do preld 90% Glucose Sugar . . 69
Missouri Pacific.... 47% Do prefd. in-
Mobile & Ohio 44*4 Internatlonl Paper 4;
MX _ T 11% Do prefd 7*
Do refd ':. f-aclede Gas 53
New Jersey Centr.lJ.s_ Natl rial Biscuit... 47' i '
New York Cent .13874 Do prefd 100
Norfolk _ West... - ■■■ atlona] Lead 23 1
Do prefd 70% Do prefd 112 !
Northern Pacific... 50 National Steel 40*, ,
Do prefd 77 Do . refd 90*4
Ontario & West 26% N V Air Brake 210
Oregon R_ N 49 North American... 11
Do prefd 7", Pacific Coast SS
Pennsylvania 13.''i, Do Ist prefd 83
Reading 20% I" 2d pr efd.. 55
Do Ist prefd 60% Pacific Mail 47* 4
Do 2d prefd...... 33 people's Gas 117*4
Rio Grande West.. 30 I Pressed Steel Car.. 51
Do prefd 79 | Do prefd £3
St L. &S F 10*4 Pullman Palace 159%
Do Ist pr-efd . ..68 Standard R & T... 7%
Do 2d prefd 36% Sug_r 157%
St Louis P W 14*4 Do prefd lis'
Do prefd '■'■'•'■'-. Term Coal & Iron. 69%
St Paul 131% l* S Leather **■>
Do prefd 173% Do prefd 72*'>,
Ht Paul & Omaha.. lo7 r S Rubber 49%
Southern Pacific... 31% Do prei'd IP,*'
Southern Railway. 11*4 Western Union 90%
NUMBER OF SHARES SOLD.
Atchison 100 Texas .*- Pacific. 2,000
Do prefd 10,975 Union Pacific 3,140
Canada Southern. 240 Do prefd 4,645
Ches & Ohio 3,500 Wabash prefd 2.150
Chi «' W 875 Wheeling & L E. 400
Chi B& Q 8,620 Do 2d prefd.... 300
Chi Ind & L pfd. 100 Am Cotton 0i1... 1,200
Chi & N W 100 Am Malting pfd.. 700
Chi R I & P 20,450 Am S _ R pfd.... 785
C C C & St L.... 833 Am Spirits 300
Del & Hudson .'it* 1 Am Steel H00p... 225
Del L & W 100 Am S & W 4.200
Denver & R <*■•■■ 400 Do prefd 200
Do prefd 300 Am Tin Plate ' 1,000
Erie Ist prefd.... 100 Do prefd 100
Unking Coal — 100 Am Tobacco 6,800
Illinois Cent 2,015 Do prefd.. 270
' lowa Cent 100 Anaconda M Co.. 2,000
1 10 prefd 100, Brooklyn R T 12,685
Louis & Nash.... 6.053 Colo F & 1... 170
Manhattan D 9.650 Cont Tobacco 8,990
Met St Ry, ex-r. 7.513 Do' prefd 2.010
Mexican Cent 3.200 Federal Steel 6,950
"inn _St L. pfd. . 100, Do prefd 700
I Missouri Pacific. 10.250 Gen Electric 600
Mobile & Ohio 1,000 Glucose Sugar... 100
! MK&T 200 Intl Paper......... 210
N J Central 400 Laclede Gas 200
N V Central 1,070 Nat Biscuit 1.20)
Norfolk & West. 100 Nat Lead 1"
Do prefd 1.050 Nat Steel 200
Northern Pac... 6.970 Do prefd 100
Do prefd 187 N V Air Brake.. 2,395
Ontario „ West. P'O North Am 200
Or X & N pfd... 150 Pacific Mall 600
Pennsylvania 3.492 People's Gas 2,100
! Reading 200 Pressed Steel C... 100
Do Ist prefd 1,150 I' prefd 360
Do 2d prefd.... 200 Sugar "2,599
St L & S F 100 Term <* ft 1 1.050
Do 2d prefd.... 400 U S Leather 6,095
St Louis S W .':'.; 600 Do prefd..: 7.036
Do prefd 2,4*0 IT S Robber 200
St Paul 10,330 Do prefd 150
Southern Pa' 800 Western Union.. 1,140
Southern Ry 390 — i
, Do prefd 400 Total sales 123,500
' CLOSING BONDS.
U P 2s re 1 o*4 M X _ T 2ds 6,%
Do 3s lOS**, Do is 92%
Do coup 109 N V Cent Ists — 112%
_ S new 4s reg. ...129 X .1 Cent gen ss. .120*,' j
Do coup 130*4 North Carolina 65. .135 j
TJ s old 4s reg."""**. 112% | Do 4- 109
Do coup 113 N P ists U2 I
US 5s reg 111*4 Do 3s 67%
Do coup . 112% Do 4s 103% |
' District n.'lSs 119 N V C _ S L 45. .1*7% !
, Ala .lass A 108 Nor & W con Is.. 95*4
Do B • IOS Do gen 6s 135 |
Do C '. 108 Or Nay Ists 113%
I Do Currency ... 98 Do Is 101*4
Atch gen 4s 1~2 O S Line 6s 113*;
I Do adit 4s s:,*4 Do con 5s 132' j
! Canada So 2ds 111*4 Reading Gen 4s .. 58
c & O 4%s 974 m W Ists .... 99*4
Do 5s l" 'S L & 1 M Con 55. 111*14 :
C& N Con 7s 145 SL,& S F Ger. 6s. 124% I
Do deb 5s 122*54 St P Con 171
Chicago Term 45.. 9!*% St P C ft P Ists. .121*4
D & R G Ists. ... 105 4 Do 5s 121
Do 4s 100*4 iSo Ry 58 -109%.
E T Va A- Ga 15t5.107"4 -Standard B & T 6s 34
Erie (ten 4s 72% Term new set 3s. 95
I Ft W &■ D C Ists.. 77% Tex & Pac is--. .. .ll'*.'.
Gen Elec 5s li Do Ms 56
G H ASA 6s 113 U P4s '. 105*4
Do 2ds 108 Wabash Ists 116
II & T C 5s DO Di 2ds 102%
Do Con "s 112 West Shore 4s 114%
lowa Cent Ists ....113 Wis Cent Ist.- .... 75%
X C P& G ists. .61 Va Centuries 84*':
La new con 4s 106 Do deferred .. .. B*4
I. & N l*ni 4s .... 99% C _ S 4s 89
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 27 Ontario 7 00
Crown Point 24 Ophir 100
Con Cal & Va 1 85 Plymouth 10 1
iv-adwood 60 Quicksilver 2 10
Could „ Gurry. 35 Do preM 800 |
Hale & Norcross.. 36 Sierra Nevada 69
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 4"
Iron Silver Rv Union Con 33
Mexican 50 Yellow Jacket 30 j
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ' West End 95
i Call loans 304 Do prefd 112
Time loans 304% Westlngh Elec .... 49%
Stocks Wis Cent 14%
! A T & St Fe 19% Bonds-
Do prefd 61% Atchison Is .. 100%
; Amer Sugar ITT 1 - i Mining Shares-
Do prefd 11* Adventure 9*4
Bell Tel 346 Allouez Mm *Co .. 8 ■
Boston & Albany.. 26o Atlantic 30
Boston L 10S Boston &■ Mont ...36S
Boston & Maine...;.-:'., Butte .-;- 805t0n.... 75
Chi Bur & Xi 136 Calumet & Hecla. 795
Ed Elec 111 200 Centennial 33 ;
Fltchburg prefd ..117 Franklin IS
Gen Electric 119% Humboldt 2 ;
Fed Steel « 57% Osceola 87
Do prefd 80% Parrott 52
Mexican Cent 76 Qulncy, ex-div 167
Mich Tel 97*4 Santa Fe Copper.. IS**.
Old Colony 205 Tamarack 22"
Old Dominion 37% Winona 13
Rubber 49% Wolverines 46%
Union Pacific .... 43 'Utah Mm 43*
Union Land 7%
NEW YORK MONET MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 20.— Money on call steady
at 2*^o4 per cent: last loan, 34 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3*404*4 per cent. Sterling ex- j
change irregular, with actual business in hank j
ers' bills at $4 87%-a4 .87% for demand and $1 84-;,
4 84*4 'or sixty days. Posted rates, 84 S.'-fft 86
and $4 8804 88'-j. Commercial bills $4 84. Silver I
certificates. 60061 c. Bar sllver, 60*4 c. Mexican
.dollars, 4Se. Government bonds Irregular; State
bonds Inactive; railroad bonds Irregular.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— T0-day's statement ;
of. the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able ash balance, $279,251,741; gold reserve. ;
$244,492.002.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW York, July 20.— The Commercial Ad- \
vertlser's financial cablegram says: The mar- |
; kets ere were fairly active and cheerful to- j
' day on the failure of the bank to raise its ;
: discount rate owing to th. large old arrivals. j
: The Transvaal dispute is regarded as being far ;
! from settled, but war is deemed Impossible, j
• Americans were neglected and heavy. The i
; strikes are feared, here, but New York bought ,'
j slightly, causing a firmer finish.
CLOSING.
j LONDON. July 20— Canadian Pacific. 99%: i
' Northern Pacific preferred. 79*; Union Pacific
preferred^ 78%; Atchison. 19%: Anaconda. 12... ;
] Bar silver firm. 27"- 4 d per ounce. Money, 2 per :
J cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE. '
NEW YORK. July 20.— FLOUR— Receipts. 19.- '
! 000; exports, .*.."74. Steadier; fairly active for j
spring patents: other grades quiet. Winter
patents, $3 6503 85; winter extras, $2 4002 SO;
winter low grades. $2 3002 4u.
WHEAT— Receipts, 222.400. Spot, easy; No. I
2 red, 76% cf. o. b. afloat spot; No. i Northern |
; Duluth, 78% cf. o. b. afloat spot; No. l hard ;
' Duluth, 82% cf. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 2 red. ;
75%e elevator. Options opened steady and there- |
after developed considerable strength of under
tone. Buying motives were found in I
hot weather and complaints from the |
i Northwest of shrinkage in new wheat arrivals j
j at Chicago, and talk of heavy rains in Kansas. I
! Export apathy finally Induced realizing and a
; decline from top; closed easy at Vie ne" 1 ad
! vance. July, 75%©76% c; closed. 75% c; August
I closed 75% c; September, 75*4076 7-16 . closed,
! 76% c.
HOPS—
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
i COFFEE- Options closed steady, 5c higher.
! Sales 9250 bags. Including: August. $4 35; Sep- |
tember, $4 40; October, $4 45; December. $4 50; I
< January, $4 90; March, $5 06; May. $."> 1505 20;
I June, $3 25. Spot Rio— Dull and nominal; bare- j
1 ly steady. J
SUGAR— Raw, steady: quiet. Refined, steady.
BUTTER- Receipts, 3757 packages; market
steady; Western creamery, 15«gl8c; factory, 12*4 j
I2*4c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7450 packages: Western, 14.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. July -California dried
fruits, quiet; Jobbing inquiry.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6*4®7V4c;
prime wire tray, S%'&B%c; choice, B%©9c: fancy,
9%©9% c. *
PRUNES— 3*4 ©B%c.
APRICOTS Royal. 14c: Moorpark, 14c.
PEACHES— Unpeeied, 10-qllc.
NEW YORK METAL MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 20.— The local market for j
Metals was irregular al! day, closing with i
some departments higher and others lower, i
News from the West and abroad was conflict
ing in a measure, and with uncertain demand
was largely responsible for the unsettled state !
of affairs generally. Iron advanced on in
creased demand. Copper was firmer in tone,
but not quotably higher. Tin improved on
bullish news. Lead fell off on more liberal
offerings and Spelter was unchanged. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON Warrants nominal at $14.
LAKE COPPER Firm a; $18 50.
TIN Dull and unsettled, with $29 bid and
$29 37*4 asked.
LEAD Easier, with $4 55 bid and $1 57*4
asked. The brokers' price for Lad Is $4 35 and
lor Copper $18 50.
SPELTER— Unchanged at $6 25.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
____
CHICAGO, July 20. Diminishing Northwest
receipts and unexpected strength at Liverpool
i started Wheat strong. September opened ','-<
%c higher at 70%070%c. . Longs were disposed
to take profits, however, and the price soon
slipped off to 70% c. The decline was checked
by reports of damage to the spring crop by a
hot wave in the Dakotas, closely followed by
heavy rains. The bears tried to get back
former holdings, and as competition was keen
September rose quickly to 71%e. Realizing dur
ing the last hour, however, caused a decline
to 71c at the close. An estimate by Beerbi
of this year's yield in Roumanla of only 25,000,
--' 000 bushels, compared with 56,000,000 bushels
last year, helped to sustain the market.
Corn was moderately active but somewhat
depressed by continued liquidation, induced
largely by fine weather and an excellent crop
report. September closed a shade higher.
An early drive by scalpers caused a slump
In Oats, but the loss was fully regained on
' covering. September closed a shade higher.
! An oversupply of Hogs weakened Provisions
About half the decline was recovered on buy
ing by packers. September pork lost 507V&C,
. lard 2"4 c and ribs sc.
; The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Lev. Close
I • Wheat No. 2—
July 69% 70*4 69% 70
; September 70% 71% 70% , 71
December 72-* 73 72% 72%
I Corn No. 2— *
1 July 32% 32% 32 32%
September 32% 32% 31% 32%
December 31 ' 31 30% 30*4
Oats No. 2—
July 21% 24% 24% 24%
September 19*4 20% ->■ 1974
May 21% 22% 21% 22
Mess. Pork, per barrel —
September 8 10 9 20 9 10 9 17%
October 9 17% I' 22% 915 9 17%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 5 52*4 5 57'/, 5 52*£ 555
October 560 5 62% 5 57% 560
' Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 5 15 6 25 6 15 5 20
October 5 22% 6 27%. 5 22% 625
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull and easy; No. 2 spring wheat, 700
THE SA_^ FI?A_n CISCO CALL, FBIDAT, JULY 21, 18t)9.
71c- No. 3 spring wheat. 67%070c; No. 2 red,
71%"'373 - No. 'J corn, 32%(_32%c; Na 2 oats, 25c;
No 2 white 27"4 c: No. 3 white. 25@26%c; No. 2
rye 53c- No 2 barley, 31"4@4MH4c; No. 1 flax
seed Si; prime timothy seed, $2 35; mess pork,
per 'barrel. $9 0509 10; lard, per 100 Pounds,
$5 4505 47%; short ribs sides (loose). $0 10tS o'a
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 5%©5% c; short
clear sides (boxed), $5 4005 45; whisky, dis
tillers', finished goods, per gallon. 31 -6.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 10.000 8.000
Wheat bushels 116.000 1.000
Corn bushels W. 732.000
Oats' -* I'ooo1 ' 000 326.000
Rye. bushels LOW ■...."»
Barley, bushels (.»» : »'-' wo
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries 12©li *ic^ Dai
ries, ll@l6c. Eggs, easy; fresh, 12©l**%c.
Cheese, slow; creameries. S%o9c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
wheat- July- Kept. Dec
nosing 56 5 8% 6 10
Opening 5 6 6 B*4 « 10
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- July- Be t *-£_„
:«gr::::::::::::::::::::::::::^? 3-5
closing* ...:::::..: ::::: . . « *> n 40
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 20. CATTLE The demand
for cattle to-day was slow at the recent de
cline. Fancy grades brought $5 7505 85; choice
steers. 15 5005 70; mediums, $5415 20; beef steers.
$4 5004 "6; bulls, $2 80@4 50; cows and heifers.
$3 6.'.04; Western fed steers. 24 6505 65; Texans,
$3 5005 _: calves, $1 25© 6 75.
HOGS— The supply of hops was greater than
the demand and prices declined 10@15c. Fair
to choice, $4 :: -•■:■•: 4 55: heavy packers. $4 200
4 35; mixed, SI *.'"'(J4 50; butchers'. $♦ 2004 85;
light grades, $4 2504 56: pigs. $3 7504 45.
SHEEP There was an active slaughtering
demand for sheep at unchanged prices. Inferior
to prime sheep. $2 2506 25: Western rangers, [
$3 f.a-(3 4 60; rams *2 5003 30; ewes. $3 6004 2o;
yearlings. $4 40®5 50: spring lambs, $3 7506 90.
ReciMpts— Cattle, 6500; Hogs, 30.000; Sheep,
10,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 20.— Consols, 107 5-16; silver, ,
27 H-16d; French rentes. 101f: wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent operators; cargoes
on ■-age, depressed; cargoes No. 1 Standard
California, 29s 3d; English country markets,
LIVERPOOL, July 20.— Wheat, dull; wheat
in Paris, weak: flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
t CLOSING.
WHEAT No. 1 Northern Spring, dull, 5s 10d.
Futures— September, f.s 6%d; December. 5s l<*d.
CORN American mixed spot new easy, 3s
4«4d; do old quiet, 3s 4%d. Futures— Quiet. |
July, 3s 4%d; September. 3s 4', 4 d; October, 3s
5%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 20. Exchanges, $225,
--199; balances, $32,264.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., July 20.— The wheat market j
continues llfelesAind if the offerings were of I
any consequence the lowest quotations for a j
year would be in force. Export values based !
on present freight rates are not far from 56(!? :
57c, but nothing can be bought at these figures
and quotations of .".Re will loosen but .little more
than could lie secured at 56c. Valley is nor- (
inally 58@5S*4c and Bluestem 59c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. July 20.— Wheat remains (
quiet, with receipts moderate. Club. 57c; Blue- ,
stem. 60c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — #1 So
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 10 '
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Mexican Dollars..., — 49%'g'."'i ,
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
■
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Willscott takes for Cork 74,170
ctis. valued at $82,000.
Chicago advanced lc on firmer cables and hot
weather in the Northwest, where the mercury '
! stood it 100 degrees. With a continuation of ;
I the hot weather yesterday the situation seemed j
j better all around. The receipts at Chicago,
i Minneapolis and Duluth were 100 cars less than
J last week. The Northwest was buying and |
! local support was given the market The win
-1 ter Wheat estimate was maintained, and Corn
i pave splendid promise. At the close Liverpool
i was %d lower.
! The local market was steadier, with a slight
• recovery in futures. Spot quotations were un
; changed.
| Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 0501 07%; milling,
■ I 12*4.
CALL FOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— December— 2o"o I
ctis. $1 13%.
Second Session— December- 4000 ctis, $1 14%:
26.0H0. $1 14.
Regular Morning Session — ' December — 20*0
ctis. •-. 13%; 32,000. $1 14.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctis, I
: $1 14%: 32.000, $1 14*4; 2000, $1 14%.
BARLEY was no further change on
the spot, but futures were a shade off. Trade !
was quiet.
Feed, new,,92'i'!i*97%c: Brewing, 97%c05l 02%:
, old Brewing. $1 0501 10; Chevalier. $1 124/1 IS
i per ctl.
CALL BOARD PALES
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
! Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
2000 ctis, 88*4 C. December— 2ooo, 90% c; 2000,
90% c.
Afternoon Session No sales.
OATS— White continue firm, owing to the
Government demand, but red are weaker, with
large offerings to arrive. New white are sell
ing at $1 30-gi 45, and new red at $1 07%01 17%
per ctl. - ' -- -
CORN— Previous prices rule, with a dull mar
ket. Small round Yellow, $1 3001 35; East
ern large Yellow, $1 10@1 15; White. $1 105*1 15;
mixed, $1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 17%
01 22%.
RYE— New is quoted at 90092% c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 55; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4003 50 per bbl for extra,
i?. 2503 40 for bakers' and $2 2503 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 5004 75;
Oat 'Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25 -& 3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55®6 95; In sacks. 56 3656 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay continued very weak, with receipts of
983 tons. The demand was fair, but arrivals
were too large. The tendency is toward lower
prices. \
Bran and Middlings stand about the same,
BRAN— SIS 50016 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17 50f_19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $21 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27028; Jobbing.
$28 50029; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornmeal,
$23 50024 50; Cracked Corn. $24025; Mixed Feed.
$15016: Cottonseed Meal, $24026 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7©9 for good and $9 50 for
choice; Wheat and Oat, $708 50: Oat. $6fTB:
Barley, $507; Island Barley, $506; Alfalfa, $'-(?
7 60 per ton.
STRAW— 2O@*4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue firm and In active demand.
Seeds are dull and more or less nominal.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 90ff?2: Small - White. $20
2 15; Large White, 75*5*1 90; Pinks, $2 1002 15;- !
Red's, nominal; Blackeye, $1 1004 25; Butters,
nominal: Limas. $4 1004 15; Pea, 13 1092 25;
Red Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard 2%!g3c; Flax, nominal; Canary* Seed,
2*ic per Ib: Alfalfa. 9-g*9Hc; Rape, 303% c:
Hemp. 4%®4%c; Timothy, 4%©5% c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 2501 50; Green. $1 50
©2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The decline ln Potatoes continues. Onions
arc steady. Tomatoes continue scarce and have
advanced still further.
New Marrowfat Squash Is on the market at
2c per lb.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. $1 1001 25; Early
Rose. 75c05l 25; Burbanks, $HSI 50 in boxes and
75c©$l 25 in sacks on the wharf.
ONIONS — per ctl for Sllversklns.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 76c05l 50 per box
for ordinary and $1 7502 25 for fancy: Rhubarb.
25"a50c per box; Green Peas, 2's*2*4c per lb;
String Beans, 2®Sc; Cabbage. 60c : Tomatoes,
sOcosl per box; Rivers, $12. .'5175; Stockton,
$I@l 25; Egg Plant, $I*o*l 25; Green Okra, sOco
$1 per box: Garlic, 2*330; Green Peppers, 500
75c for Chile and 75cfr$l 25 per box for Bell:
Carrots, 30(5/40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers 20©
50c; Summer Squash, 15©?5c for Bay; Green
Corn, 50c© $1 25 per sack for Vacaville, $1 25©
1 60 per crate for Alameda and 75c©$l for
Berkeley.
.tf tftf
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 13014 c for Turkeys,
$3 50 for Ducks. $6 5007 for Hens, $5 50@6 for
old Roosters and $3 75 for Broilers.
Local stock ranged at about the same prices,
but the market was firm.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11012 c for Gob- i
blers and ll_l2c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16 ]
«?lSc: Geese, per pair, $101 25: Goslings. $1 2o
©1 50; Ducks. $304 for old and $!©.> 50 for
young; Hens, $4 5006; young Roosters,** $5 ***»
6 50; old Roosters, $405; Fryers, $4 ..'*(!...
Broilers. $3_*4 for large. $2 50133 for s small:
Pigeons, $1 50©2 per dozen for old and $1 Ma
for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. 7. .c per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
The market for Butter is top-heavy and deal- (
ers are selling at concessions, though no sharp i
break is looked for.. Cheese is firm at the recent I
advance. Eggs rule firm, and store are bring
ing more money.
BUTTER— ■ , n
Creamery- Fancy creamery. 21c; seconds, 19
©20c
uairy— Fancy. 17%018c: good to choice, 160
17c: store. 14015 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9c; old. S©S%c;
Young America. 909 % c: Eastern, 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16©19 c for store and 200
i 23c per dozen for ranch: Eastern. 16((18c for
No. 1 and 14(y 15e for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS • FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees arid $30 for clings: Apri- j
cots. $35066 per ton, seconding to size and qual- j
ity and district; Bartlett Pears. $40050 per ton; ,
Green and Yellow Plums. $20025 per ton.
With the exception of Figs, which are scarce
and high, prices for tree fruits show little
change. Receipts are free, but a good shipping ;
and local demand keeps stocks from accumulat
ing Berries too. stand about the same. j
Grapes are still slow In coming In. and are
equally slow of sale.' But few Nectarines are
seen and they are net wanted.
Melons are in moderate supply, but the de
mand for them Is not brisk.
Oranges. Lemons and Limes are quiet and
unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35c<»$1 per large box: Crabapples, 40
@50c for small and' 65©75e. for large box. >. -
BERRIES— Blackberries, $304 50 per chest:
Strawberries. $405 per chest for small and $1 50
(HI 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 50®o
! per chest; Logan berries, $7 per chest; Huckle
berries. per lb. *•
Watermelons. $10025 per 100. j *
Cantaloupes. 60c©$l per small box and $2 n0«
3 50 per crate; Nutmegs. (SOcosl 75 per box and
per crate.
Grapes, black and white. 50085 c per crate.
Currants, $4 5006 per chest.
Green Pears. 25075 c per box, according to
size; Bartletts.' 75c(i7$1 25 per box.
Nectarines, 25050 c per box for white and 500
65c for red. 'tftf'LL *'■'■_'"••%
Figs 50c for single and $101 50 per box for
double layers of black and ■ for white.
Apricots. 35086 c per box.
Peaches, 35040 c per box for common; Craw
fords 25065 c per box and 25050 c per basket;
Sawyer's Seedlings 40@60c per basket.
Plums, 25<§ li per box; Prunes, 40065 c per
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedling Oranges, 50c®
$1 50* Valencias. $103; Lemons. 7'>cft'l 50 for
common and $202 50 for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes $4: California Limes. per
: small box; Bananas. $1 5002 50 per bunch;
Pineapples. $102 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
No further sales of new crop fruits are re- j
ported, though they are being made right
along.' The feeling is firm all along the lino, j
Dealers say that the demand for large Prunes ;
1 for Europe this season will be larger than ever j
before known, and at fine prices. Small Prunes ,
' are not wanted for this business. There are !
still a good many old Prunes left on hand.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes, 6%c for !
: 40-50' f. 6c for 50-60's. 4c for ■ 60-70' B, 3*4©3""4 c for -
: 70-80's, 2*4o3**C for Rd-90*s, 2<~tff2* c for 90-100's
! and 2"a2%c for 100-110's.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks. '"'»•- for 10-50's, 5%c for 50-60's, 4' 4 per
lb or GO-70s, •""'*'' for 70-80's, 3*4 c for- 80-90*
and 2%c for 90-100's; Apricots. 9*4olOHc for
Royals and UHOl2%c for Moorparks; Peaches,
gj-JS'-.c; Evaporated Apples. 809 c.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 6*4 c for four-crown, 4%06c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3V4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 Zv
for London "layers; Dried Grapes. 2%03c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per Ib; Walnuts, s©Sc
for hardshell, 10011 c for portsnell; Chile Wal
nuts, > ll©12c: Almonds, new crop, T'-sc for
Languedoc and :":>•* for paper-shell; Pea
nuts, 6©7 c for Eastern and 44*350 for Califor
nia; Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— lie for bright and 10c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7@7*4c;
light amber extracted, 6*406"4 c; dark, 5©5% c
I per lb.
BEESWAX- 24©25c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers are quoting Lard %c up again. Hams
: continue active and firm, but Bacon Is rather
j quiet. The ..the.- descriptions stand the same.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, S'-^c per lb for
heavy, 909*_c for light medium, lie for light,
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
' Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13013*£ c; Califor
nia Hams, 12©12*_c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef. $13015 60;
extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear. $16 50;
mess, *15®15 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at s"4os*(ic per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
7%e; 10-lb tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, B*_c.
COTTOLENE -Tierces. fiS'''6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, l-lb palls. 60 In a case. 9%c;
3-lh pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-tb pails. 12 In a
case, ■.'.,(•; 10-rh pails. 6 in a case, B%e; 50-lb
i tins. Lor 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. B%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
i barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
I about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
I steers. lO01O*6c; medium. 909% c; light. 9c;
1 Cowhides, 9c; Stags. «c; Salted Kip. 9c: Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
! 13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20030 c each; short
Wool, 35060 c each; medium. 70090 c; long Wool,
90c©$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $202 25 for
large and $1 2501 50 for small; Colts, 25051
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4-u4'j'' per lb; No.
2. 3fj3%c; refined. ; grease. 202 .
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months, 8011 c: Foothill and North
ern free. 11014 c; Foothill and Northern defect
ive. 9011 c; Nevada. 11014 c; San Joaquin Foot
hill free. 10fi l"c; do defective, 809 c; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 16%©lSc: Valley Oregon. 170
18c: Eastern Oregon. 12fiT4c for choice and 90
ll%c for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 15017% c per lb; 1899 crop,
12%©13 c bid and refused.
GENE MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain* Bags, 5%©5% c; Wool
Bags, 26©2Sc.
COAL Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Pay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50:
Scotch. $S: Cumberland, $9 In bulk and $10 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12;
Cannel, $8 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and *14
in sacks. - ..- '■■*■:-
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, ln 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, .'.
Powdered, 5%c: Candy Granulated. 5%c; Dry
Granulated 5%c: Confectioners' A, s*^c; Cali- |
fornia A, 4%e; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, 1-16 c more; half-barrels, |
%c more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags,, %c more. !
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominos. half-barrels. .'"fee; boxes,
6-4.C rer lb.
PIG TIN— Is now quoted at 32034 c per lb, I
said to be the highest prices ever touched.
LINSEED OIL— Is lower at 4.".c per gallon In
barrels for raw and 50c for boiled; cases, 5c
more.
QUICKSILVER— Is higher at $43 50 per flask
for local trade.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is no further change to report In any
description. Veal continues unsettled and goes
up and down according to receipts. Hogs are
firm and occasionally sell above the quotations.
! Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7OSe per Ib for Steers and 6%©7 c for
Cows.
VEAL— He per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©7% c; Ewes, 6%©7 c
per lb. .> . •'
MB- Spring. So per lb. .
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%05%c for small Be
for medium and s*4@o%c lor large; stock Hogs
and Feeders. 5%c; dressed Hogs, 70S%c,
•RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, July 20.
Flour, qr sks .... 7S.36o[Bran, sks 320
1 Wheat, ctis 980, Sugar, sks 500
i Barley, <tls 5,083 Raisins, bxs .... 18
i Oat« ctis 2,386 Wool, bags . 196
I Corn, ells East 600 Lime, bbls '. 182
! Rye, ctis 670 Eggs, doz 16,380
Cheese, ctis 97 Leather, rolls ... 135
Butter' ctis 349 Wine, gals 11,350
Tallow' ctis 218 Hay. tons 983
Potatoes, sks .... 2,738 Hides. No 8,288
Onions, sks 335 Pelts, bdls 447
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities continued quiet on the morning
session. Contra Costa Water was firmer, touch •
Ing $74, and Spring Valley Water was weaker
at -510150.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water ad
vanced to $75 62% under active sales, and Ha
waiian Commercial sold down to $95.
Mining stocks were several cents lower and
quiet. The telegram from the pump said:
"Elevator No. 1 has been working continuously.
At 6:30 this morning the water was 3 feet 3
Inches below the 1950-foot level station."
The annual meeting of the Consolidated New
York Mining Company has been called for
August 5. .- : tf--' : 'tftf
The Homestake Mining Company has de
clared its regular monthly dividend of 25 cents
for June and an extra dividend of 25 cents,
amounting to $62,500, both payable July 25.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company has
declared Its regular quarterly dividend of $1
per share, amounting to $50,000. payable July 27.
The Qulncy Mining Company has declared a
3emi-annual dividend of $6 per share, payable
August 15 With this dividend the total divi
dends aggregate $11,070,000. The company began
the payment, of dividends in 1562. ■
The Overman Mining Company has re-elected
the old directors and officials as follows: Di
rectors—W. G. Morrow, W. E. Sharon, Maurice
Schmidt. J. P. Martin and A. S. Groth. The
officers are: W. G. Morrow, president; Maurice
Schmidt, vice president; A. Lackey, superin
tendent; George D. Edwards, secretary.
At the annual meeting of the Savage Mining
Company the old directors and officers were
re-elected. The directors are: George R. Wells,
Charles H. Fish. Herman Zadig, Thomas An
derson and 11. P. Goodwin. The officers are:
George R. Wells, president; Charles H. Fish.
vice president; E. P. Holmes, secretary; H. M.
Gorham, superintendent.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the week ending July 18 says: On the 370-foot
level, west crosscut No. 1 from the station
was advanced 15 feet since last report, making
its total distance 237 feet, passing through
porphyry with streaks of quartz; some of which
gave low assays. During the week we put In
a blower and air pipe, which greatly facilitated
work in the face. The winze in the south drift,
opposite the north drift, is down 16 feet. The
bottom continues in low grade quartz.
The official report from the Belcher mine for
the pa,st week states that on the 1000-foot level
an east drift from the station was commenced
and is now in 8 feet. The face is in porphyry.
On the 1000-foot level the east crosscut from the
main north lateral drift Is- now. out 199 feet,
having been advanced 6 feet during the past
week. The face shows porphyry. On the 1100
--foot level general repairs to the Belcher. Crown
Point and Yellow Jacket Joint north lateral
drift are still being continued. On the 1200-foot
level the raise from east crosscut No. 1 is up
52. feet, 10 feet having been made during the
week. This raise Is now connected with the
i winze from the 1100-foot level, and by this con
nection a good circulation of air has been ob
tamed. There have been hoisted during the
week and stored in the ore house at the mine 20
mining carloads of ore, the average top car
sample of which shows an assay value of $12 45
per ton. •
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. July 20-2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask
Bonds— Mutual El Co. — 15%
4s quar coup.. 112 - .Oakland Gas.. 46% 47%
4s quar reg... — — -j Pac Gas Imp.. 70% —
4s quar new.. — — Pac LCo 42 45
3s quar coup.. 108 108% S P G & E.... 70% 71%
Miscellaneous— San Fran .... 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 113% — IStockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55,. .110 — j Insurance—
E L & P 6s 130% — .Firetn's Fund. 227 —
F & CI Ry 65.1!6%118 l Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... 65% —
HC _ S 5%5.107% — Bank of Cal.. — 295
L A Ry 55.... — 107% 'Cal SD & T.. — 98
L A LCo 65.. 99 — (First Natlonl.22o 230
Do gntd 65.. 99 — Lon P & A. ...129% —
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Mer Exchange — ' 16
Market-st 65. .126%— ! Nev Nat 8k... 180 —
Do Ist M "5.116 — Savings Banks—
NCN G R 7s. 109 — Ger S & L..1615 —
N* Ry Cal 65.. — 114 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NR of Cal 55. 114 — Mutual Say.. 33% 42%
N PC R R 6s. — — S F Say U... 512% —
N P C R R ss. — 105% S „ L 50.... — 85
N Cal R 55. 11 l — Security SB.— 300
OGI. & H 55. 11 l — Union T Co.. — 1465
Oak Transt 6s.HO 110% Street Railroads—
:Om C Ry 65. .127 UK) California ....116 —
jP * CI Ry 6s. 104% — Geary 50 —
I P & O6s 115 — Market-st 61% 61%
Powell 65... 118 122% Oak SL & H. — —
Sac El Rv ss. -- — Presidio — 16
8 F _ N P :.5.113 , — Powder—
SFft S JV55.114%115 California .... — 170
Sierra R Ca165.108% — E Dynamite... — 95
S Pof A 65... 11 l 111% Giant Con Co. 71 —
SPG 65(1905).H2 112% Vigorit 2% 3%
IS P C 681 1906). — 114% Sugar—
S P C 6s(1912).118 122", Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
!SPC Is eg ss. — 107% Haw C & <*. 95 —
SPPr 6s — — Hutch S P Co. 33% 33%
S V Wat 65... — 116% Kllauea S Co. — 32
S V Wat 45.... 104%] -.', Makaweli 8 C. 47% —
S V W 4s(3rm)lol 101% Onomea S Co. 40 41
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — "Paauhau S P. 39% 40
Water Stocks-- ) Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 75% 76 Al Pac Assn.. 115%
Marin Co ... 50 - I Ger Ld Wk5..250 —
Spring Valley.lol%lol% Mer Ex Assn. 90 .—
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 91 91%
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A.... 1% —
Central G Co.. — — I Pac C B"r Co. 134 135
Cent Lft P.. 6% — Par Paint Co.. 8% —
Equit G L Co — 4%
Morning Session.
Board— .'«A
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 115 0°
50 Centra Costa Water 3 75
50 Contra Costa Water 74 00
10 Giant Powder Con -71 -'••
155 Giant Powder Con 71 00
50 Giant Powder c,, , s 30 .1 00
35 Hana Plantation Co 17 ,a
30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 96 00
35 Oceanic S S •' 91 00
100 Paauhau S P Co, b 3 39 62%
100 Paauhau S P Co 39 *'- %
20 Spring Valley Water, cash 101 50
Street —
$10,000 Market St Ry Con 5 per cent bds.. 37%
-jOOO S !• of A bonds in JjJ
30 Vigorit Powder 3 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— _.. „
1 Bank of California 29.-. 00
200 Contra Costa Water 75 CO
350 Contra Costa Water 75 12%
100 Contra Costa Water 75 25
50 Contra Costa Water jo 37%
150 Contra Costa Water — aO
485 Contra Costa Water (o 62%
100 Contra Costa Water, s 5 .a 6-%
100 Equitable Gas * «
40 Hana Plantation Co L fa
26 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 95 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 33 58
80 Makaweli - *' '■_'
50 Market Street Railway, b 3 61 ...
10 Market Street Railway 61 2.-.
5 Spring Valley Water .•■••••-• I" 1 r,n , .
$4000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 104 12%.
$1000 S V. Water 6 per cent bonds 116 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Board- Morning Session.
Board — ,
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 0 25
2" Oceanic S S Co 90 60
40 Paauhau S P Co 39 75
100 Vigorit Powder - _*%
Afternoon Session.
Board — '
40 Spring Valley Water 101 50
25 Giant Powder Con 7100
50 Hutchinson S P Co 33 oO
10 Contra Costa Water (4 00
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
no contra Costa Water <3 *>«
90 Equitable Gas ■ V- 1
20 Giant Powder' Con J* -■>
35 Hutchinson S P Co 33 to.
--20 Hutchinson S P Co • • -!'''
-40 San Francisco Gas ft Electric C 0.... .0 3.%
20 Spring Valley Water 1016.%
Afternoon Session.
Board— „. ..
$1000 ('a! St Cable 5s 114 50
30 Contra Costa Water M £
10 Giant Powder Con >} -*
•*■> Hawaiian Commercial _ Sugar 9:. o.
30 Hutchinson S P Co 33 50
20 Hutchinson S P Co . ,*,'-,?
50 Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm 1 *.%
10 Oceanic S B Co 91 *»
10 Vigorit Powder 3 (JO ,
50 Vigorit Powder J 1- 2
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco |
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
250 Best & Belcher 53 150 Potosi 56
SO Best & Belcher 54 250 Potosl 55
100 Bullion I" 100 Savage 26
100 Challenge 25 1 200 Savage 2.»
200Chollar 31 j 200 Seg Belcher.... 08
200 Gould & Curry 39! 100 Sierra Nevada. 61
300 Hale & Norcrs 38 200 Union Con .... 37
200 Ophir » 105 100 Utah 12
Afternoon Session.
600 Challenge 25 200 Mexican 54
400 ChDllar 32 100 Ophlr 110
100 Con Cal ft Va.2 05 JIOO Potosl .......... 59
300 Crown Point... 25 200 Sierra "Nevada. 60
500 Justice 07 100 Yellow Jacket. 34
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 531 150 Occidental 26 :
200 Bullion 1° ISO ophlr .1 07%
1700 1 hollar 31 300 Potosl 55
400 ('hollar 32 1 400 Potosl '... 56
400 Chollar 33 600 Potosi 57
200 Chollar 34 300 Potosl 59
100 Con Cal & V.2 02% 300 Savage 2.
500 Con Imperial... 02 Sierra Nevada. -61
200 Gould ft Curry 39 200 Sierra Nevada. 62
100 Hale & Norcrs 40 50 Standard — 2 32%
100 Hale „ Norcrs 38 .
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes '17 21.0 crown Point ... 25
400 Andes 1* 200 Gould & Curry 39
300 Bullion 11 400 Hale & Norcrs 37
100 vulllon 10 500 Justice 08
I 100 Caledonia 63 300 Mexican 63
100 Caledonia ...... 62 200 Overman 12
•900 .-hollar ;•• 32 200 Potos 58
.1400 Chollar 31 200 Potos 57
50 Con Cal ft V.2 02"- 500 Potosl ■■ 56
BEAL ESTATE THAI. S ACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to John
nnd Rebecca Crummey, lot on S line of Fran
cis... street. 137:6 W of Polk. E 137:6 by S
Ray Harry. Samuel, Milton and Charles
Click to Daniel R. McNeill, lot on N line of
Fell street, 7:6 "W of Octavla, W3O by N
120: $10.
Herman Murphy, Sylvaln Schnalttacher.
Louis Metzger (by Edward Metzger, attorney)
and Edward Metzger. to Mary Junker, lot on S
line of McAllister street. 30 E of Buchanan,
E 25, S 120. W 56, N 40. E 30, N SO; $5100.
"Patrick and Mar-* Marron to John Muller.
lot on N line of Bash street. 206:3 W of Fill-
Sore. W 25 by N i:*7:6: $10.
Cecilia McGlynn to Charles J. McGlynn. un
divided half of following: • Lot on NW corner
of Golden Gate avenue and Pierce street, W
34-4*.., by N 137:6; also lot on SE corner of
Twenty-ninth avenue and A street. E 197:10,
SE 178„, W 95. 8 50. W 120. N 225; $10.
Edward and Sarah A. Phillips to Emma H.
Wolff lot on S line of McAllister street, 100 E
of Broderick, E 27 by S 137:6: $10. ■:tftf i tf
Henry J. Cole to Amelia A. Cole, lot on S
line of' Beulah street, 131:3 E of Stanyan, E
25 by S 137:6: gift.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Angus Bea
ton lot on E line of Carmellta (Primrose)
street. 190 S of Waller, S 25 by E 95, lot 12,
block 3 Marlon Tract (hospital lot); $10.
John R. T. Murray to Pasquale Dito, lot on
W line of Auburn street, 149 S of Pacific, S
23 by W 57:6; $10.
. Fannie and Charles Helling, James J. Fllnn.
T. E. Treacy, Flinn & Treacy and H. B. Mayo
(by Sylvaln J. Larzarus, commissioner) to
Morris Windt, lot on NE corner of Twenty
fourth street and Treat avenue, E 50- by N
104; $2242.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Thomas J. Mullin
Jr.. lot on N line of Elizabeth street, 200 W of
Hoffman avenue .Ellen), W 25 by N 114, lot
205, Heyman Tract; $10.
Louise P. and Elise A. Dexter to Harvey H.
Dana, re-record 1819 d 257, undivided half of
lot on N line of Howard street, 137:7 W of
Main. W 45:10 by N 137:6; $10.
Joseph and Katherlna Steiner to Frank D.
Grossmann. lot on W line of Vermont street,
100 S of Sierra. S 33:4 by W 100; $10.
Walter H. Cook to Jennie Smith (wife of M.
A.), lot on N line of Clement street, 57:6 F. of
Twenty-eighth avenue, E 25 by N 100; lot on
S line of Clement street, 57:6 W of Twenty
seventh avenue, W 2.*. by S 100; $10. :..
Charles J. McGlynn to Cecilia McGlynn, lot
on NE corner of Twenty-ninth avenue and B
street, N 150 by E 240; $10.
Mary E. Seaton to Frederick C. Siebe, lot on
W line of Twenty-third avenue. 175 S of B
street. W 111:1, S 20:7, E 111:2. N 21:7; $10.
Spring Valley Homestead Association to
Catherine Boyle, lot 179, Spring Valley Home
stead Association: {360.
James H. and Margaret Donohue to Mary J.
and Clara Presley, lot on E line of Alpine
street. 125 N of Thirteenth, N 25. E 84:3, S 25,
W 84, being lot 6 block D. Spreckels subdivis
ions of blocks A, B and D, Park Hill Home
stead No. 2. $10.
Carsten and Lucie Hlllebrandt to Ellen Kro
ger (wife of Carl), lot on N line of Chestnut
street. 112:6 W f Polk. W 25 by N 137*41; $10.
Harriet S. "McElroy to Emma L. Van Duzer
(wife of A. P.), lot on E line of Gough street.
63:9 S of Union, S 206:3, E 137.6. N 275, W
47:6. S 68:9; W 90; gift.
Margaret G. Slattery to Johanna A. Slattery,
lot on N line of Union street, 84:6% E of Octa
via, E 25. by N 110; gift.
Augusta T. Smith to Daisy H. Winter (wife
of Arthur Hi. lot on W line of Buchanan
street, 95 B of Geary. S 29 by W 137:6; $10. .
' John and Alice J. Schont to Marie A. Schont
(daughter), lot on W line of Alabama street.
234 S of Twenty-fourth. S 52 hy W 100. reserv
ing life estate to Alice J. Schont; gift.
Ellen Latin. -can (single) to Filippa M. Gatto,
lot on E line of Vincent street, 77:6 N of Green,
N 20 by E 58:9; $10.
Harry E. Morrison to Angela, Francis E.,
Wlnnifred F.. Julia and Esther Morrison, lot
on SW corner of Sacramento and Dupont
streets, S 68:9 by W 34:4*4; gift.
A. M. Speck to W. O. Watson, lot on N line
of Turk street, 300:2 W of Mason, W 34:4% by
N 137:6; $20.
William O. Watson to Halleck V. Deming. lot
on N line of Turk street, 171.10% E of Taylor,
E 34:4% by N 137:6: $10.
Minnie I. Damuth to Julia Zouder (wife of
Gus), lot on N- line of Clement street, 55 W of
Eighth avenue. W 2<* by N 108; $10.
William Hale to John G. I^>ibert Jr.. lot 10,
block 366, Great Park Homestead. Association;
$10.
John G. and Agnes J. Lelbert to Frances R.
Layes .single), lot on E line of Sixteenth ave
nue. 143:6 N. of C street, N 25. E 141:2, SE 25,
W 141:5, It 10, block 366, same; $10:
Emily E. Barstow (by James N. Block. Tax
Collector) to S. F. Sinclair, same, tax deed; $3.
S. F. and Ellen Sinclair to Frances R. Layes,
same: $10.
Estate Of Albert Morath (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to M. Martin, lot on W line of
Forty-third avenue, 100 S of Q street, S 50 by
W 13 185.
Estate of Patrick Flannlgan or Flanegan (by
T. yuinn, executor! to James Harris, lot on N
line of Broad avenue, 100 E of Orizaba street,
E 75 by N 125, lot 6. block I, Railroad Home
stead; $47,0.
Antolne and Grade Borel to Morgenia Browne
(wife of George C), lot on E line of Willard
street. 275.44 S of Parnassus, E 84.53, S 37.50. W
to Willard, N 37.56, block D, Sunset Heights;
$10.
Michael McLaughlin and Frederick Reichert
(by Carl W. Elfvlng, commissioner) to Julia :
Combatalad. tot on N line of Bosworth street,
--251:2 W of Rosseau. W 2.", N 22 fleg. 15 mm. E
102, E 25:2%. S 105, lot 7 and portions lots 31
and 32, Islais and Salinas Tract: $1000.
Jennie M. Nicholson to Sarah Doherty, lot 12.
block 6, Holly Park Tract; 510.
Same to Dennis Reddy, lot 11, block 6, same;
$10.
Alameda County.
Julia Spring to D. H. String, lot on W line of
Chestnut street, 100:10 N of Twenty-first, N
SO, NW 124. S 30, SE 124 to beginning, block
620, Oakland: gift.
S. .*. Blgelow to H. L. Holcomb, lot on NW
line of Howe street, 335 SW of Amethyst, NW
157, SW 40.53, SE 150. NE 40 to beginning, being
lot 12 and adjoining 10 feet of lot 13, block C,
Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract, Oak
land: $10.
Horace W. and Rosa V. Brunson to William
J. ncer, .-'.ll interest In lot on N line of
Logan or Thirty-sixth street. 316.427 E of Lin
den. E 50.227, N 118.74. W 50, S 113.97 to begin
ning, being lot 2,"., block B, Evoy property,
Oakland; $10.
Mary A. Reilly to Catherine Blackwell (wife
of E. S.), lot on W line of Grant street. 77.8
5 of Bancroft way. s 25 by W 130. being half
of lot 2, block 15, Melee Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mary H. Morrison to William Todd, rerecord
703 ,1 221, lot on NE corner of Nichol avenue
and Taylor street, N 150 by E 50, being lots
17 and P. block P. corrected map Nichol Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Ella Waters to Mollie Christy, lot on W line
of Tevis street, 172 S of Washington, S 32:6
by W 190, being portion of lots 6 and 7. block
770, Levy, Lane and Sather tracts, Brooklyn
Township, warranty deed: $700. r .;. '■:
Thomas E. and Charlotte J. Hanson, to
Standard Underground Cable Company (a cor
poration), lot on NW corner of First and Lin
den streets, N 166:8*4 by W 132, block 443, Oak
land; $10.
Henry J. and Susie Anderson to Michael A.
an.l Mary Hogan, lot on W line of Brush street.
50 S of Fourth, S 31:3 by W 70, being lot 17
and portion of lot 18, block 100, Oakland; $5.
Oakland Preserving Company .a corporation)
to California Fruit Canners' Association (a cor
poration), lot 36. block 442. Adeline and Market
i Streets Homestead; also lot 37, block 442. same
; tract; also lot on E line of Linden street. 194
S of West Third. E 125 by S 50, being lots 17
and 18, block 442, same. Oakland; $10.
Annie J. Beeman to City of Oakland, lot
7298 on map of lands taken for opening of Com
merce street, from East Twelfth to East
Twenty-second streets. East Oakland; $5.
Olive A. Thayer to Michael S. and Emma M.
Quillinan, lot on SW corner of Shattuck ave
nue and Virginia street, W 137. S 60, E to W
line of Shattuck avenue, N to beginning, being
lot 6 and N •*> feet of lot 5, block C, Janes Tract,
Berkeley: $10.
Michael A. and Mary Hogan to Henry J. An
derson, lot on E line of West street, 50 S of
Thirty-seventh, S 2.*. by E 109. 35, being lot 12,
block A, Major Given Tract. Oakland; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Edward
and Mathilda Jensen, lot on E line of Byron
street. 220 S of Allston way. S 40 by E 120, being
lot 29', block H. Bryant Tract, Berkeley; $3..
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs Sarah C. Roberts (owner) with Charles
Koenlg (contractor) architect none— All work
for a two-Story frame building (flats) on N line
of Rldlev street, 169 W of Scott, 25 115:4*4 ;
$3070. '-J*- tf.
Edward E. Kentfleld (owner) with Richardson
6 Gale (contractors), architects Percy & Ham- ]
ilton—Excavating, brick, granite, sandstone
and concrete work for a three-story brick build
ing on SW line of Beale street, 137:6 SE of
Howard.- SE 91:8 by SW 137:6: $14,450.
Same owner with F. W. Kern (contractor),
architects same. Carpenter, mill and stair
work, glass, glazing, tinning, galvanized iron
work, skylights, hardware, painting and white
washing for same on same; $5440.
Isid.r Glaser (owner) with Fred C. Jones and
George Peterson (contractors), architect Fred
B. Wood. All work for a 3-story, attic and
basement frame building on S line of Pine
street. 68:6 E of. Powell, E 2" by S 60; $5000.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to " San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. - .... •
NOTEThe high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, JUNE 21.
Sun rises 5:03
Sun sets .- 7:2S
Moon seta 3:26 a. m.
D ITimei jTlmel ITIme] Tlmej
2. Ft. — ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
i» L W 'H W jit W| H W
21 411—1.0 11:28 4.7 S:44t 3.01 9:30 6.4
22 ... 4:561 — 1.1 12:061 B.O 4:401 2.7! 10:46 6.4
23 ... 6:401—1.1! ;2:4O| 5.2 1 5:34l 2.31 U:40l 8.3
24 .. 8:211— •.81 1:16 S.4' C:29I 2.0' I
H W L W [H W L XV >
2.1 ! 0:34 5.9' 7:01 —O.4f 1:551 5.51 7:2r l.<*
2fi ..! 1-801 5.6l 7:451 0.2 2:341 B.8| 8:23! 1.5
27 ... 2:30| 4.9| S:32 0.8| S:14| 5.7 9:311 1:1
NOTE— In the above exposition of th-»' tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except' w)ien there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
giver, are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast 'Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <—). precedes the height,
and then the number given ls subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. . ) Due.
Robt. Adamson I - July 21
Sunol 'Grays Harbor :....Uuly 21
Washtenaw Tacoma July 21
Fulton Portland July 2)
Luella ITillamook July 21
Bonita Newport July 21
Walla Walla... Victoria _ Puget SoundlJuly 21
Australia (Honolulu.. (July 21
Point Arena. 'Point Arena .July 21
Pomona 'Humboldt July 21
Aloha, ("Point Arena...; 'July 21
Mackinaw *. 'Tacoma IJuly 22
Progreso Seattle. iJuly 22
Homer (St. Michael July 22
Willamette [Seattle (July 22
Santa Rosa San Diego .July 2.1
Bristol iDeparture Bay 'July 23
Slam ..INanalmo.:  IJuly 24
State California Portland July 24
Crescent City.. Crescent City July 24
North Fork 'Humboldt July 24
Weeott 'Humboldt ... July 24
Areata ICoos Bay .. July 24
Cocs Bay INewport .* July 25
Bertha 'St. Michael July 25
Chas. -Nelson... (St. Michael July 25
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION, OMiIENCING TO-DAY,
• - FRIDAY. July 21st.
$50,000 Worth otCHNESE ANDdAPA-
NFB FANCY GOODS.
At 2 and >* p. m. Sharp.
3«*"» GEARY STREET,
This stock comprises the most extensive line
of Cloisonne- and Old Gold Satsuma Wares ever
offered at Auction in this City; also over
$30,000 worth of Silks. Piece Goods and Ladies
and Gentlemen's Underwear. Silk Robes, and a
full line of Ivory and Bronze Goods, all to be
closed out, regardless of cost, by
AUCTION
At 2 and 8 p. m.. dally
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CREDITOR'S
Respectfully. SUN FAT „ CO.
C. P. TROY & CO., Auctioneers.
One hundred seats reserved for ladles.
NO SMOKING ALLOWED.
**TN*. B.— There will be Aye costly presents
given away, free of charge, to the ladies who
arrive promptly at our sales, at 2 p. m. sharp.
Also, rive elegant presents given away each
evening at 8 o'clock sharp.
Umatilla 'Victoria & Puget Sound July 26
corona |San Diego July l.
Czarina IPuget Sound July 27
Curacao Mexico July 27
Moana [Sydney 'July 2"
City of Peking. IChina and Japan July 29
Columbia | Portland July 2'
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
G. Dollar.. .(Grays Harbor July 21. B pmtPter 2?
Corona [San Diego July 21. 11 am Pl»r 11
Aloha I Point Arena.. I July 22. 3 pmlPier 2
Luella iTillamook July 22. 6 pm|
Columbia .. Portland July Ti. 10 am Pit»r 24
Del Norte.. Alaska July 22. 2 pm Pier 24
Portland ... Pr Michael... July 12. 2 pmlPler 31
Cleveland .. Puget Sound.. 'July 23, 9 ami Pier 2
Pomona ...|Humboldt.... July 23. 2pm Pier 9
Bonlta [Newport 'July 23. S am PIT 11
Sunol iGrays Ifarborl July 24, 12 m|Pie.r 13
Fulton IHumholdt July 24, 10am!Pier to
Pt. Arena. .l Point Arena.. I July 24. 2 ! Pler 3
We«?ott |Humboldt | July 25, 2pm Pier IS
Santa Rosa San Dlepo July 25, 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall|Vic & Pgt Sd.jJuly 25. 10 am. Pier 9
Australia ..Honolulu July 28, 2pm Pier 7
Arcata Coos Bay July 28, 10 am Pier 13
State of Cal ! Portland July 27. 10 am Pier 24
Coos •{Newport. July 27. 9 amlPter 11
America M.!<"*hlna*Jnpan!July 27. 1 pmIPMSS
Colon [Panama IJuly 28. 12 mIPMSS
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 20. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July 19.
Jap stmr America Maru, ("ope. 36 days 19%
hours from Hongkong, via Yokohama 19 days,
via Honolulu 5 days 17 hours.
Thursday. July 20.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 68 hours from Grays
Harbor. yy- •■■
Stmr Weeott, Burtls, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Ruth, Lundquist, 52 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, 21 days from Pana
ma and way ports.
Bktn Wrestler. Nielson, 25 days from Ka
hului. - - fl
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Moss
Landing.
Schr Fortuna, Rosich. 36 hours from Eureka.
Schr Albion, Goodmansen, 5 days from Na
halem River.
Schr H D Bendixen, Olsen. 35 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, 3 days from Coqullle
River. ,
Schr H C Wright, Olsen, 22 days from Ka
hului.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday. July 20.
Br ship Ardencraig, Trask, Lelth; Eppinger
& Co.
Schr Prosper, Nedever, otter hunting; I
Weber.
SAILED,
t Thursday. July 20.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, Coos Bay.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Tug Wizard, Randall. San Pedro.
Schr Western Home. Daeweritz. Coos Bay.
Schr Nettie Sundborg. Nelson, Fort Ross.
Schr Bessie K. Benson, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 2". 1" p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The S N Castle and S C Allen load mdse for
Honolulu.
The Dashing Wave loads lumber at Tacoma
for Honolulu; Esther Buhne, lumber at Eureka
for Honolulu.
The Mario ls rechartered for wheat to Eu
rope, SOs; if barley 355.
MISCELLANEOUS.
VLADIVOSTOK, July 19— Ger stmr Tal Fu.
from Portland, is ashore off Cape Zamok.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— SaiIed July 20— Stmr Alcatraz,
for — -. —
UMPQUA— SaiIed July 19— Schr Lucy, for San
Pedro. -":" . ' ;
Arrived July 19 — Schr Seven Sisters, hence
July 4.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Inward July 20—
Bark Carondelet, hence July 6, for Port Gam
ble.
Arrived inward July 20— Bktn Amelia, from
Honolulu: bktn Portland, from Callao.
EVERETT— Arrived July 17— Bark Oakland,
hence June 23.
Sailed July 20— Schr Ivy, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— July 20— Bark Ca
rondolet, hence July 6; schr Maria E Smith,
from San Pedro.
POINT ARENA — Arrived July 20 — Stmr
Whltesboro, hence July 19.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed July 20— Stmr
Mineola. for Comox.
GREENWOOD— Arrived July 20— Stmr Alca
zar, hence July 19.
SEATTLE — Arrived July Stmr Samoa,
from St Michael; stmr Czarina, hence July 15;
stmr Dirigo, from Dyea.
Sailed July 20— Stmr Al-Ki. for Dyea; stmr
Willamette, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 20— Stmr Fulton,
from Astoria; schr Lillebonne. from Honolulu.
CASPAR— Arrived July 20— Schr Maxim, hnc
July it
ASTORIA— July 19— Br bark Natuna,
from Port Los Angeles. •■" ■--. "■■> ■
MENDOCINO— SaiIed July 20— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 20— Schr Golden Gate, hence
July 15.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed July 20— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 19— Stmr Finance,
for New York.
Arrived July 19— Shin W F Babcock, from
Delaware Breakwater. •■"/■. -
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived July 19— Ship I F
Chapman, from Honolulu; bark St Katherine,
from Hilo.
' chared July 19— Haw bark Nuuanu, for Hono
lulu, via New York
FOREIGN PORTS.
TAKE -Sailed July 7— Schr E X Wood, for
Puget Sound.
HONGKONG— SaiIed July is— Stmr China, for
San Francisco, via Honolulu.
• YOKOHAMA- Sailed July 19— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver; Jap stmr Hong
kong Maru. for San Francisco, via Honolulu;
Br stmr Victoria, for Taenia.
KIAOCHAU— SaiIed July 17— Ger ship Drehna,
for Royal Roads. - <---. :
KlAHUA— Arrived July 6— Schr Corona, from
Port Townsend.
MAKER' V- Arrived July 7— Brig John D
Spreckels. hence June 2S.
NEUMEA— Arrived July 19— Bktn Newsboy,
from Port Blaketey.
HONOIPU- July 7-Schr John G
North, hence June 21.
KAHULUI— July Schr Lillebonne.
from Honolulu.
' HONOLULU Arrived June 2- Haw stmr
Hueneme, hence June 17; stmr Z^alandia. hence
June 22. June' 3o— Bark Albert,- hence June 15.
July — Schr coke, hence June 5. July 2— U S
stmr Sheridan, hence June 24; Br stmr Port
Albert, from Seattle; schr A J West, from
Grays Harbor; schr Fanny Adele, from Grays
Harbor: Br bark Antiope, from Iquique. July
3— Bark Alden Besse, hence June 17. July 4—
Bktn Addenda, from Newcastle, NSW; Arg
war stmr Presldente Sarmlento. hence June 19;
Br ship Amphltrite, from London. July 5 —
Schr C S Holmes, from Port Blakeley; bark
Ceylon, hence June* 18. July 6— Br stmr Aoran
gi.' from Sydney: stmr Valencia, hence June
2s. July 7— Br stmr Warrimoo, from Victoria.
July B— U S stmr Solace, hence July 1. July 10
— Stmr Australia, hence July 3; stmr Pennsyl
vania, hence July 1: Jap stmr America Maru,
from Yokohama Jap war stmr Hiyei. from
San Diego. July 13— Stmr City of Rio de Ja
neiro, hence July 8, ' .
Sailed June 27— Br stmr ('optic, for San Fran
cisco. June 28— Bktn S N Castle, for San Fran
cis,-,, June &— Schr Lillebonne. for Port Town
send. July 1— Ship John c Potter, for Port
Townsend; bark S C Allen, for San Francisco.
July 2-Stmr Zealandla. for Manila: July .5 —
Bark Colusa, for Kahului; Haw bark Diamond
Head, for San Francisco. July 6— Br stmr
Aorangi, for Victoria: U S stmr Sheridan, for
Manila. July 7— Br stmr Warrimoo. for Syd
ney. July 9— Stmr Valencia, for Manila. July
10— Br ship Kilmory. for Astoria; bktn S .;
Wilder, for San Francisco; Arg war stmr
Presldente Sarmlento, for Yokohama. July 12—
II S stmr Solace, for Manila, via Guam: stmr
Pennsylvania, for Manila: Haw stmr City of
Columbia. . for Hongkong: ship Iroquois, for
Philadelphia.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 20— Stmr Was
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Teutonic, from
New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived July 20 — Stmr
Canada, from Boston, for Liverpool.
BREMEN— Arrived July 20— Stmr Lahn, from
New York, via Cherbourg and Southampton.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed July 19— Stmr Victoria,
for Tacoma. tf]tftf-'< : -tfALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CORONER THREATENS
TO JAIL BALDWIN
Dr. Mehrmann Says a Felony Mas
Been Compounded,
Undertaker McCarthy May Bring Suit fcr Twenty
Thousand Dollars for Breach of That
Secret Morgue Contract,
is a certain little man in this town who, if he takes
THERE is a certain little man in this town who. if he takes
a. my advice, will keep his mouth shut, or else he will soon find
himself under arrest for compounding a felony. — [Statement of
Coroner Mehrmann this afternoon.]
There is no doubt as to who the "little man" is, for in the
Coroner's celebrated 10.000 word speech before the Supervisors
he is*"- the following language: ''While Coroner this little man
drew down all that, there was legitimate in the office, and, following
the new rule recently prescribed by Expert Bullock, it has even
been hinted by the late Coronei 's enemies that in his rapacity and
greed for gain he attempted to exact from an employe a division of
the latter's earnings, but of course such an insinuation would be
scorned by the doctor's friends."
The •*lat£* Coroner" was Dr. B. 0. Baldwin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 20.
And Dr. Baldwin calmly refuses to say
a single word. Up to date Dr. Baldwin ;
certainly carries the belt for discretion—
if silence be discreet— for he has stead
fastly refused to open his mouth except j
to ask his interviewers what brand of
cigars they would like to sample.
The year ISSiI will go down in the poli- |
tical history of Alameda County as the I
year of gold bricks. This traffic has by j
r.o means been confined to the City Hall,
for the county political family has been j
doing a land office business in the gilded
article among its own members.
It is now very plain that Mr. Tobln?
when he resigned as steward of the Re
ceiving Hospital to become Deputy . ;oro- j
ncr, was cherishing a gold brick. James
McCarthy; the undertaker, certainly got j
one of the articles, and if Dr. Mehrmann |
be sincere in his desire for <>. public j
Morgue Albert Brown has probably got I
the most carefully . gilded brick in the!
whole fabrication.
Supervisor Roeth was not to be caught j
ln this little deal over the county's dead.
Dr. Mehrmann says that Mr. Roeth was
the Supervisor who was approached by ;
Messrs. Clark and Blair to take up their j
.end of the deal when McCarthy drew out. !
Roeth was far too shrewd to get mixed
up in any such proposition and washed his j
hands of the whole affair, and he is now I
congratulating himself that he did.
The most interesting point is the im- '
plied criminality behind Dr. Mehrmann's I
threats that if the "little man" in the j
mix-up does not behave himself he will
possibly have to answer a charge of j
felony. The Coroner will say no more and
Dr. Baldwin will not say as much, and
it is believed that this is the thirteen-Inch
gun which Dr. "Mehrmann declares he- has j
loaded and which he will fire when the j
proper opportunity presents itself;
It is not at all unlikely that the matter
will be taken before the Grand Jury, but j
although the old scandal is disgraceful
and reilects discredit on nearly every
body concerned In it, there has not so far i
been anything developed which can be!
called criminal. The locating of the I
Morgue and the natural profit resulting
therefrom are all legitimate from a noli- !
tical standpoint and are made possible by j
the failure of Alameda County to own its
own Morgue. When the contract was
made the Coroner presumably did not
guarantee to the undertakers that there
would be anything received from the con
duct of the Morgue in the way of fees
that was not. properly earned an.l legally;
payable by the county. This being the
case; the Coroner is at perfect liberty to
make any deal he likes for the distribu
. s he j
WOMAN WITH THE AX
IS STILL AFTER HIM
OAKLAND. July 20.-Irvine Britton, the
housecleaner, who was assaulted by his
wife with an ax last Saturday night, ap
plied to the police to-day for a search
warrant to obtain possession of his clothes
from his residence on Linden street. He
declares that his wife would not let him
enter the house to remove his personal
belongings. He says he proposes to stay
away from his obstreperous spouse here
after. The couple have three -; ... chil
dren.
DEATH OF WILLIAM CRAIB.
OAKLAND. July 20.— William Craib,
who died at San Diego this morning, left
this city si_ weeks ago with a party of
prospectors for the newly discovered
placer mines ... Pintnda, Lower Califor
nia. The party met with disappointment,
end returning stopped it San Diego,
wnere Mr. Craib became afflicted with
asthma. His death Is attributed to heart
failure produced by exposure and bard
ships of the trip. '
Deceased was a pioneer and one of the
best known mining men on the Pacific
coast. He was a native of Sorel, province
of Quebec, Lower Canada, aged 65 years.
He leaves a widow and three daughters,
Mrs. Lottie tib-Parsoi of this city.
Miss Lovell Craib, who is leading lady
with Davis & Kenough's dramatic com
pany, and Miss . trace < 'rail), a writer,
now" engaged on a New York paper.
Deceased was identified with tl.-<- Mason
ic and Odd Fellows orders in this city.
Suit Over Estate of Insane.
OAKLAND, July 20.— 8. C. Hawes, as
administrator of the estate of Anna Schu
macher, an incompetent, who died at the
County Infirmary last March, to-day filed
suit against Frank G. Andrews, as exe
cutor of the .state of Thomas A. Smith,
deceased, who was guardian of Mrs.
Schumacher's estate and person, for an
account of the administration had by
Smith upon the estate of Mrs. Schu
macher. Public Administrator Hawes also
asks that the account be settled and that
defendant be required to pay to plaintiff
till moneys belonging to the Schumacher
estate.
Policemen Under Investigation.
OAKLAND. July 20.— Chief of Police
Hodgkins is investigating the conduct of
Officers William McCloud and Peter Gar
rity regarding the encounter between the
two officers at Seventh and Market streets
yesterday. As yet the Chief has not de
cided whether or not charges shall be
brought against the two men before me
Police Commissioners at the meeting next
Wednesday. Both men, however, are sus
; <nded pending the investigation.
Hardy-Lathrop Nuptials.
OAKLAND, July 20.— Miss Marie Louise
Lathrop and Tracy Sherman Hardy were
married at noon to-day at the home of
the ride's father. S. Lathrop, 1206 Frank
lin street, Rev. Charles R. Brown of the
First Congregational Church officiating.
Miss Florence White was the bridesmaid
and Charles G. Hardy, brother of the
groom, acted as best man. On returning
from their honeymoon the young couple
will make their home on Prospect avenue.
Reliance Wins Championship.
OAKLAND, July 20— Although the Re
liance club was one game ahead the hand
ball games at Its quarters last night be
tween th. Reliance team and that of the
Olympics to settle the amateur champion
tßhip of the coast resulted In another vic
tory, the Reliance scoring 51 against the
Olympics 12. The tournament commenced
■ i
says is all that was done and he cares not
for the petty quarrels and incriminating
statements being made up by rival under
takers.
Dr. Mehrmann throughout admits that
sume of his charges are in excess of what !
the law allows him. but he always justi
fies his claim by stating that he "took the
bills of the last Coroner for his guide and
as they were allowed him (Dr. Baldwin) '
he sees no reason why the same Board of
Supervisors should not allow them to the
present Coroner.
In his statement to the Supervisors Dr. |
Mehrmann refers to an alleged attempt
of his predecessor. Dr. twin, to ex
act a portion of the legitimate salary of
an employe for his own personal gain.
The only two employes of the Cor.-." are
his deputy and the stenographer. The
deputy is Henry Quellin, who is still
deputy under Mehrmann, and policy
forces him to keep quiet; the stenog- t
rapher. Eugene Van Court, being em
ployed as official stenographer of the \
Police Court, is far too wise to take any
hand in the row and consequently Dr. .
nann's hint may probably never be
explained; unless he sees h*t totdo it him- !
self.
The whole of the unpleasantness Is due
not to any overcharges that the Coroner
may have made, but to politics. Dr. Mehr
mann. new to the business, would proh- :
i ably have been better off had he not fired 1
I that ten-thousand word excoriation at the '.
J Supervisors. He is no match in the game
! of politics for those wise old politicians
hat have manipulated the county govern--';
ment for a generation. The man against
whom Mehrmann directed most of his j
thunder was Supervisor Will Church, and j
when asked to-day for some idea regard- i
ing the situation Church simply replied! •
"I am not in politics. you can quote that
as my sentiment."
"When th( smoke clears away," said j
Colonel Bullock, the county expert, whose
action in cutting down the claims cf the I
Coroner proved the nucleus around which j
the Morgue sensation was finally ex
ploded. "1 will be on top. Coroner Mehr
mann shall never hear a word of sarcasm
from me. Because I performed my duty
in pointing but overcharges In his claims
he has hurled a page and a half of vitu
peration at me through his answer to the
Supervisors. Of course 1 snail have a re
ply to make, but this will be wholly based
on facts. I have saved this county nearly
$7.> X* since my appointment as county ex- I
pert last October— all representing over- '
charges in bills put in by claimants !
.-'gainst this county.
"1 can 'now see that the animus under- j
lying Mehrmann's attack on me is solely!
the fact that the Supervisors recently
passed solutions curtailing th. emolu
ments of the Coroner by allowing him
the charges of $5 for the removal of dead |
bodies and $2 for interments only in cases i
of indigents." j
ral months ago, but the final game
several months ago. but the final game
had been postponed from time to time for
various reasons. Last night'S victory re
: moves all doubts as to the championship.
Joined the JFruit Trust.
OAKLAND, July 20. -Another fruit
preserving company lias been absorbed
by the California Fruit Canners' Asso
!'elation. A deed was placed on record to
! day whereby tlie Oakland Preserving
j Company conveys to he association its
! plant at the foot of Myrtle street and all
| its property in this city, the revenue
, stamps indicating th. consideration to be
i about $51,000. Only a few days ago the
i King-Morse Canning Company of San
i Leandro transferred Its property to the
i association.
Nosebleed Caused Death.
OAKLAND, July 20. — The death of
Frank Medina, aged 7 years, which oc
curred at the home of his parents on
Fruitvale avenue Last Tuesday night, was
the result of his nose bleeding severely
for several days. The usual household
remedies giving no relief, physicians were
called, but by the time the bleeding
ceased the child was so weak that death
followed shortly.
Consolidation Now Confirmed.
OAKLAND, July 20.— The stockholders
of the Contra Costa Water Company held
a special meeting to-day a**'! straightened
out certain Informalities that had been
discovered in the consolidation of that
company with the Oakland Water Com
pany, confirmed the details of the consoli
dation and guaranteed the $1,500,000 issued
by the company. The meeting was well
attended, 2.8,350 shares out of the 30,000
shares being represented. Later this after
noon a certificate increasing the bonded
Indebtedness of the company $1,500,000 was
filed with County Clerk Jordan.
SUIT AGAINST SCALPERS,
It appears that the various "ticket
scalpers" throughout the State have been
reaping a harvest during the Educational
Association Convention at Los Angeles
and yesterday suit was filed to enjoin
further dealing on their part. In the
action the Southern Pacific Company ap
pears as plaintiff and A. OtHnger, S. N.
Newman, W. H. Harrison, C. a. Buckley.
Michael Welsh; Charles Conklin and a
number of fictitious persons appear as
defendants. In th.- complaint It Is set
forth that the scalpers have been induc
ing holders of excursion tickets to tne
educational convention to remain here
and at Los Angeles and dispose of their
tickets to the scalpers. Hence an injunc
tion is prayed restraining further practice
of the kind on the part of the defendants.
A bond on the application for an injunc
tion in the sum of $1000, on which Charles
E. Green and J. Kruttschnitt appear as
sureties, was filed with the petition.
Canton San Francisco.
Canton San Francisco No. 5. Patriarchs
Militant. I. O. O. I-'., had an open meeting
in Its hall last night, at which the mem
bers of the canton were present in full
uniform, and there were also present a
very large number of friends of the
Patriarchs. Captain Flint, who presided
delivered a few words of welcome, saying'
that the canton wished to entertain those
who had been invited. There was given
for their entertainment a piano recital by
Miss Gertrude Mefret, a few remarks by
George T. Shaw, grand secretary; instru
mental music. Professor Fabian; dramatic
readings, D. E. Hanlon; cornet solo, A.
Mefret; "Happy Thoughts." M. Cameron
of Pacific Lodge; vocal solo. Robert
Burns, and an eloquent address by Grand
Scribe W. H. Barnes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1890.
CARRIES THE PRIEST'S
BEADS ON THE STAGE
Nance O'Neill Retributes Her London
Success to Father ballu's Qift.
OAKLAND July Rev. Father John Lally of Haywards has re
\ ceived an invitation from Nance O'Neill to be present at her appear
! ance at a London theater upon the occasion of her presentation of
"The Jewess." _,„_,-
Behind this invitation is a pretty little story which commenced man*.
v«r_-__o when the celebrated actress, then a little girl, was a friend of
Father lallv After going on the stage the friendship was preserved, and
when Miss O'Neill appeared at the Haywards Opera-house some months ago
Father Lally was one of the first to congratulate her on her su c< ss In pre
senting "The Jewess," a set of beads figures conspicuously. Miss i ' Neil used
ar-ronertv set for the occasion, and this becoming known to her reverend
friend he presented her with a fine mother-of-pearl set of rosary beads
on the occasion of her giving a benefit at Haywards for the parish. Miss
O'Neill is like her father, a Protestant, hut she highly prizes the beads and
regards them somewhat in the nature of a charm. No matter in what play
she is "taking part she always takes the beads on the •■'*-*■• with her. and al
though not superstitious, she attributes to this little gift all the powers of
a 'whea'she made her appearance before the British critics in London she
used Father Lady's gift, and has written to her reverend friend saying that
when she returns to America she will spend one night at Haywards for the
benefit of her old friend.
BRIDE WAS OR
FIRE WITHIN
HER BOUDOIR
Miss Hobart Delayed
the Ceremony.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Jul- 20.
Little did the guests gathered at th. Ho
bart residence last night know that while
they were being kept waiting for the ap
pearance of the bride she was struggling
with flames in her boudoir.
Miss Susan Caroline Hobart was mar
ried last night at her parents' residency
to Samuel Porter Lovett, a well-known
newspaper man of San Francisco.. While
preparing to enter the drawing room
where the guests and minister were watt
ing, some of the bride's Huffy garments
caught fire from a candelabrum in the
room. In an Instant her bridal veil was
on fire, and as a bridal costume is gener
ally of a very Inflammable nature, there
was much consternation on the part of
her maid for a few moments. The bride,
however, retained her self-composure, and
with remarkable presence of mind sub
dued th.- flames by sacrificing part of her
veil The puff above the coiffure had
burned before it could be extinguished,
but Miss Hobart quickly improvised a new
puff with as much calmness as though she
were going for a walk instead of going be
fore the altar to be wedded.
It required about fifteen minutes to re
pair the damage done and restore the
bridal veil, after which Miss Hobart. even
without a bridesmaid, walked into the
hall, where she was met by her father
and was escorted under the bridal bower.
There was nothing in her manner to in
dicate that she had just passed through a
very exciting experience, and not until the
ceremony was over did the guests know
the cause of the delay.
Rev. E. S. Chapman, D.D., performed
the ceremony at the Hobart residence, 1168
East Nineteenth street. There were no
bridesmaids and Miss Bessie Hobart, the
bride's sister, played the wedding march
and sang a few favorite ballads. Mr. I.ov
en has Tong been employed In newspaper
work in San Francisco, and his bride is a
well-known elocutionist. Mr. and Mrs.
Lovett have gone to Southern California,
and on their return will reside in East
Oakland.
DIED AT THE BUSS HOUSE.
Benjamin S. Litle, a Wealthy Capi
talist From Eureka, Passes
Away.
Benjamin S. Litle, a wealthy capitalist
of Eureka, Humboldt. County, died early
yesterday morning at the Russ House in
this city. Litle had just returned from a
trip in 'the East, when he was taken ill
with a stomach complaint which resulted
in his death. He is reputed to have been
worth about $200,000, and was well known
in San Francisco, where he had many bus-
mess interests. : . . _**;■',
On July 14 Litle registered at the hotel.
He was troubled with a stomach com
plaint, and fruit which he had eaten after
arriving In this city brought on a severe
attack. A physician was called, but noth
ing serious was apprehended until
Wednesday morning, when his condition
became alarmingly worse. Dr. Sydney
Rogers was sent for, but could give the
sufferer little aid from the fact that he
was well along in years and had but little
vitality. A nurse was secured and the
doctor remained in almost constant at
tendance until the hour ..of Litle's death,
which occurred at 4 o'clock yesterday
morning. , , ,
Litle was known as a money lender, and
held many mortgages on property in the
northern part of the State. His brother,
who was a well-known horseman, died
about a year ago, leaving Benjamin an
estate amounting to over $100,000. It was
this estate which the deceased was set
tling up when he made his trip to the
East. Litle was 71 years of age. The
body will be taken to his home on Sunday.
lowa Sails for This Port.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 20.— lowa
sailed for San Francisco this morning.
ETHEL HORNICK
WILL RETURN
WITH HONORS
Oakland Girl Wins
Stage Laurels.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway,' Jul 20.
When Daniel Frohman brings West
early next year his Lyceum stock com- j
pany for the production of "Trelawney of
the Wells," which has been played in the I
ETHEL HORNICK.
East with such marked success, there will
be in the cast one of Oakland's most tal
ented and beautiful young women. Miss
Ethel Hornick, who this year is support
ing Miss Mary Mannering in "Trelaw
ney" and "Ingenfleld."
Miss Hornick was born and raised In
Oakland, and even now, after several
■ years' absence, calls It her home. When
i It was seen several years ago that she
| gave promise of much histrionic ability
1 she was sent to Boston to study. Progress
was so rapid and Miss Hornick did bo
very well that she soon became an in
structor, and later was signed for an en
gagement with Miss Ada Rehan's com
pany. Several very encouraging appear
ances in Boston and New York were fol
lowed by a trip to England, where Miss
Hornick made her European debut tn
Shakespeare at the Memorial Theater,
ford-on- Avon.
' Miss Hornick la tall, slender and grace.
A_i. •
ful. She has a most charming personality
and is a social as well as a stage favorite
wherever she appears. Last summer while
on a visit to her mother Miss HornlcK
was the recipient of many, favors from
society. Mis.-- Mary Barker and Mrs. Jack
Wilson, among others, giving luncheons
in her honor. She is visiting her uncle
John Hornick, at present at his beautiful
town house in Sioux City, lowa, and has
been the guest of honor lately at several
dinners and teas. --■■•■-.
In casting "Trelawney" Mr. Frohman
gave -Miss Hornick the part of Miss Tra
falgar Gowar, an old maid. Miss Hornick
accepted it and has made it one of the
most attractive and important of the play.
In powder and hoops and -owned in a
quaint creation of flower-besprinkled silk
and old lace, she seems to have stepped
from some old frame, so dainty and
artistic is she. Her friends are looking
forward with much interest to her ar
rival in California, and she will doubtless
be given a flattering reception, for it will
be her first appearance in the West as one
of a company. Heretofore she has been
seen solely in dramatic work.
SUPERBAS EASILY
DEFEAT PITTSBURGS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....55 25 .697 Cincinnati ..39 39 .493
Philadelphia 48 29 .621 Pittsburg ...tf 41 -471
Boston 4. 30 .61.1 New York.-".". 42 .454
Chicago 44 32 .578 Louisville ...32 46 .420
St. Louis 47, 33 .576 Washington 29 52 .360
Baltimore ...43 34 .557 ('level. ...14 66 .170
NEW YORK, July 80 TWO bases on balls,
two hits and a couple of wild throws gave four
runs to the Superhaa In the first Inning -day
The Pittsburgs could do nothing with Hughes.
Attendance. 2200. Score: _
Clubs- R. H. E
Pittsburg 2 11 •*
Brooklyn 9 11 3
Batteries— Leever and Bowerman: Hughes an.l
McGuiie. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
•
PHILADELPHIA, July 20,-Loulsville beat
Philadelphia to-day by good opportune hitting.
The Quakers started out like winners, but ;
after the first inning they could not connect
with Phillppl's delivery when hits were needed.
Attendance. 4760. Score:
Clubs- ' B R- '••-
Louisville « - 4 -
Philadelphia".'..'....' 3 10 3
Batteries— Philippl and Zimmer; Magee and
McFarland. L'mplre! Man i and Smith.
BOSTON, J"ly 80.— A decision by Emslie in
the seventh inning disallowing a brilliant catch
of a hot liner by Collins, whereby a double
play was ni.-ule with Tenney, was responsible
for" St. Louis* victory to-day. The decision .
caused manifestations of disappointment. At
tendance, 37.00. Score:
Club. B. -* E *
Boston 2 * }
St. Louis 3 8 l
Batteries— Willis and Bergen; Ycung and
O'Connor. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
WASHINGTON, July 80.— Both Weyhlng and
Knepper pitched well to-day during the first
part of the game, but the Cleveland twirler
permitted "the Senators to bunch their hits in
the seventh and eighth inning* and so win out.
Attendance. 1200. Score:
Clubs- X- H E.
Washington 4 ■ '
Cleveland 0 •' '-'
Batteries— Weyhlng and Klttredge: Knepper
and Schrecongost. Umpires— Oaffney an.l
Latham.
NEW YORK, July 20.— The New Yorkers
again defeated the Chicago* to-day by good
batting in one inning. Both pitchers were in
good shape. Attendance, MOO. Score:
Ctabs— 4' H 6 E 2
S"\7 York 4 b -
Chicago 1 *■ »
Batteries— Seymour and Warner; Garvin an.l
Donahue. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr.
BALTIMORE, July 80, M .'.raw's poor throw
In -the seventh inning lost the game for the
Orioles this afternoon and made the series
three straight for the Reds. It was a scrappy
game in which players and umpires were con
tinually arguing. Attendance. 1256. Score:
Clubs - X- _■ E I
Baltimore * *' {
Cincinnati » 9 i
Batteries— Kltson and Robinson: Haw-ley and
Wood. Umpires— and Connolly.
CONVENTION OF THE
EPWORTH LEAGUE OPENS
Delegation So Far Is Very Small, but
Is Made Up for by Towns
people.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 20.— The opening
session of the International Convention of
the Epworth League, conducted simulta
neously to-day in Tomlinson Hall and the
Epworth tent, was attended by 10,800 peo
ple Only 4000 delegates had arrived, but
Indianapolis people turned out and swelled
the attendance to overflowing. • '
Five hundred ...lore.', delegates from the
Southern States arrived just before the
convention opened and mingled with their
brother Leaguers, exemplifying the oblit
eration of the line of division. The entire
session was devoted to speeches.
Vicious Boy With a Knife.
George Fragley, a grandson of Martin
Fragley, Superintendent of Streets, was
cut over the right eye with a knif* by
another boy at Seventh and Folsom
streets yesterday afternoon. He was
taken to th Receiving Hospital, where
the wound was stitched and dressed. He
lives at 317 Rutledge avenue. The boy
who stabbed him was striking two small
er boys when Fragley interfered to pro
tect them.
Ladies' Aid No. 3.
The officers of Ladles' Aid Society No.
3, auxiliary to Fair Oaks Camp No. 15,
Sons of veterans, will be installed to
night in Excelsior Hall, Foresters' build
ing, and the members of the society ex
pect all Sons of Veterans and comrades
of the Grand Army of the Republic to
be present.
Temperance Convention.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 20.— annual
summer school of methods of the Wo»
men's Christian Temperance Union of
California will open an eight days' con
vention in this city on July 24. Mrs.
B. Sturtevant -Poet, -iha State president,
vylU preside during the convention, -. *.
MAY RECOVER FROM
THE TERRIBLE WOUNDS
Mrs. Fred Lederer, the Victim of Her
Husband, Has a Chance for
Life.
WOODLAND, July 20.— Mrs. Fred Leder
er, the victim of her husband's homicidal
mania, may recover, notwithstanding the
twenty or more wounds inflicted Wednes
day. That is the hopeful report made by
Dr. Voissard this morning. Wednesday
afternoon she was apparently in a state of
hopeless collapse. The physician did not
believe that she had one chance in a hun
dred to recover. She was so weak from
loss of blood, her nervous prostration was
so complete, her mutilation was so hor
rible and her ghastly wounds so numerous
and many of them so serious that recov
ery seemed to be quite out of the question.
Lederer shows no remorse of conscience.
The recollection of his awful deed does not
affect his appetite and did not disturb his
slumbers Wednesday night. This morning
Under Sheriff Brown, with a view of in
ducing him to make some statement, told
him his wife was dead. The information
was apparently very gratifying, but he de
clined to make any statement further
than to admit that he did the cutting and
with intent to kill.
Lederer has a very unsavory record, but
his quarrels and violent outbursts of pas
sion have been confined to the family cir
cle.
TRIAL OF CORCORAN.
All the Testimony for the Defense
Before the Jury.
WALLACE.. Idaho, July 20.— This
evening the attorneys for Paul Cor
coran, on trail for the murder of James
j Cheyne, announced that they rested.
Mrs. Corcoran, who was on the wlt
i ess stand to-day, said her husband
left home just before 7 o'clock and re
turned shortly after noon on April 29.
He remained until nearly 3 p. m. and
she did not see him again until 9 p. m.
L. J. Simpkins was called to impeach
Superintendent Burch of the Bunker
Hill Company. He was positive that
four soldiers guarded him during the
intervals, but Hurt testimony was
that only one soldier was present. All
questions asked Simpkins were objected
to by the State, and the objections were
generally sustained.
\ The defense asked for the recall of A.
, M. St. Clair, but the court would not
■ allow it. He was then called as de
! fendant's witness. The fact was elicit
jed that he had served a term in the
penitentiary at Deer Lodge, Mont., for
assault with a deadly weapon. This
was the witness who swore to seeing
Corcoran on the train, both when leav
i ing and returning.
Eight witnesses then swore to Cor
coran's good reputation as a law-abid
ing citizen.
BLACK JACK BAND
HAS REORGANIZED
Believed That an Attack on the Over-
land Express is Contem
plated.
AUSTIN. July 20.— The Federal authori
ties of the Western District of Texas have
received reliable information of the re
organization of the Black Jack band of
train robbers and its present rendezvous
is the Chispa Mountains in Presidio Coun
ty. It is expected that an attack on the
Southern Pacific overland express is con
templated by the robbers. The express
company's officials have been notified of
the situation.
This desperate band of robbers has been
operating in West Texas, New Mexico
and Arizona for several years. The pho
tographs of several members of the band
are in the hands of the I'nited States
Marshals of the districts in which the'
bold robberies and other offenses have
been committed, but as they seldom enter
a town their recognition and arrest is dif- :
ficult. Over a year ago the band was
driven out of Arizona and they sought !
refuge in the mountains of the State of!
Chihuahua, Mexico. They made. a raid on .
a small settlement and were pursued by
a posse of Mormon colonists and a small
force of rural* s. The robbers were over- \
taken and a fight took place, resulting in j
the killing of two members of the band. '
It was reported at the time that one of \
the men killed was the original Black |
Jack, the leader, but this statement is i
disputed by the authorities, who assert
that he is still alive.
BEARDED WOMAN WITH
A STRANGF DISEASE
Head and Hands Swollen to More
j Than Twice Their Normal
! Size.
! NEW YORK. July 20.— Swollen to enor-
I mous proportions, Mary Fogarty, who is
| more than six feet in height and who has
1 a heavy beard and mustache, was taken
; to the Believue Hospital this evening suf
i fering from a rare disease, known as
i acromegaly. Excitement marked her ar
j rival at Believue among both patients and
I physicians when she was carried into the
i reception office. It was found that the
| patient's head was twice as large as that
of an average man. Her nose was three
times its normal size and her hands twice
as targe as they should be.
As she is more than six feet in height
and has a beard and mustache and gray
hair, her appearance was extraordinary
to a degree. The physicians decided that
the disease had reached a stage so ad
vanced that she can scarcely recover.
News that the peculiar case had been
admitted soon spread throughout the in
stitution, and all hurried to be present.
Few of them had ever seen a patient suf
fering from acromegaly. The general
opinion was that death from exhaustion
would occur in a short time.
BENNETT ON TRIAL.
Accused of Swindling Dairymen in
and About Qilroy.
GILROY, July 20.— The trial of Charles
Bennett, the San Francisco commission
merchant, who is accused of swindling
several prominent dairymen out of hun
dreds of dollars, was heard before Justice
of the Peace Howard Will.;.- to-day. The
prosecution was represented by Deputy
District Attorney Jarman Of San Jose, as
sisted by E. D. Crawford of Gllroy. and
the defense by Alien & Allen of San Fran
cisco. Several witnesses were placed on
the stand to show that Bennett had mis
represented his business by means of bus
iness cards bearing the name of the West
ern Dairymen's Association, at 22S Clay
street, San Francisco. Bennett made a
trip to Gilroy last May and contracted
with Messrs. Eschenburg. Braeme, Carey,
"A'ilkin and others for the shipment of
cheese to him at this address at an ad
vance over the market price. The cheese
was shipped, but the money never ma
terialized. • tf'.tftf
Matthew McCurrie of San Francisco,
who was employed by Kschenburg and
Braeme to find Bennett, gave testimony.
The case has excited much interest in
this locality. tftf ■'■
Juvenile Cliautauquans.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 20.— chil
dren played a very striking part in the
events to-day at the Chautauqua As
sembly, and their elders were apparent
ly as greatly entertained as by any pre
vious exercise. Milton L. Lawrence of
San Jose, who for the past four weeks
lias been training a chorus of 200 chil
dren, to-day gave an exhibition of the
results he has reached. The little boys
and girls sang many beautiful and
some difficult choruses with perfect
ease. Some of the older assembly
talent assisted the little folks in pre
senting a very pleasing programme.
Two Hundred Families Homeless.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1839, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, July 20.— Copious rains
have caused great damage In the south
ern portion of Chile. Two hundred fami
lies are homeless.
»>_». .*■
Will Aid West.
HONOLULU, July 13.— number of
Americans have decided to pay the fine In
flicted upon "West for tearing down the
German flag: on the Fourth and to defray
the expenses of appealing the case to the
higher courts. Feeling la still very hot
and bitter la the matter* .__
WILL NOT DISPUTE
THE CLAIM OF JAPAN
The United States Does Not Need
Marcus Island for a Cable
Station.
WASHINGTON, July 20.— au
thorities have known since May of the
intention of Japan to take possession of
Marcus Island. While there is no in
tention of accusing Japan of occupying
the island because she thought the
United States wanted it, it is neverthe
less a fact that cable instructions to the
commanding officer of the collier Nero,
which is making a survey for the Pa
cific cable, contemplated a route in
which Marcus Island was to enter as a
cable station. These instructions have
since been modified because of the de
sire that the cable should touch Amer
ican soil. The route which the ship ls
I now surveying contemplates the laying
tof a cable between Hawaii, Midway
Island and Guam.
Marcus Island, before its occupation
by Japan, was considered American be
i cause of its occupancy by American cit
izens. It is a rocky, precipitous piece of
: land, of little value, without a good
harbor; but this Government has never
' considered it American territory. Ac
cording to an official with whom I
' talked to-night it is not proposed to dis
i pute Japan's claim to its possession.
-**-- —
J. E. Ellis Drowned.
SEATTLE, July 20.— John E. Ellis, late
' engineer on the steamship Golden Gate,
! was drowned on May 28 in Wrangel Slip,
Alaska. His body has just been reported
, found on Banks Island, eight miles from
Wrangel. Ellis was about 38 years of age
[ and came from San Francisco.
Octogenarian Wedded.
SAX RAFAEL, July James Kellogg,
82 years of age. and Eliza Bartlett, 66.
were married to-day by Justice Rodden
at his residence. The couple came over
from Oakland to have the ceremony per
formed, tf'
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship So
L Steamers leave Broadway
VWj^ wharf, San Francisco:
_K_S?ftv For Alaskan purts, 11 a. m.,
§i_ji_s_^&__ July -"'• "''• Au K ust '• change
B A^S_M V S$ For victoria, Vancouver .!'.
___SE__*|*ll C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^*-^SS_M Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
"*GSSHo» and New Whatcom (Wa?h.),
iT*T 10 a m.. July 25, 30, August
4 and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to O. P. Hy. _ _. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., July
23, 18, August 2. and every aft"* day there-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavtota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (I<os Angeles) and
Newport. 3 a. m., July 23, 27, 31, August a.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Ixis Angeles and Redondo .Los Angeles). 11 a.
i? July 27.. 29. August 2. and every fourth day
,h For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
For Knsenada, Mnt-dalena Flay. San Jose del
Cabo • Maiatlan. Altata, La Pa*, Santa Rosalia
and '.iuayraa* (Mex.). 10 a. m., .th of each
month. , «»__
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
a r.i 1 hours of sailing. -4 New Montgomery
lICKKT « nn*K —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
...[.ALL. PERKINS * CO.. '.en. Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
* v **«»'" !______ - —
_ _
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Bert*
rAIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails July 22.
■ State of California sails July 2..
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through ticket? to all point? Bast.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
6.10 Market street.
.. .PALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
**_W YORK, gOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York.... August 2 [New York .. .August 23
St. Louis August 9 St. Louis August 30
St. Paul August 1",
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From Hew York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Adrla July 21 1 Kensington .Aug. 16
Southwark ..August 2|Noordland Aug. 23
Westernland ...Aug. 9;
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st. . or any of Its agencies.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
For ST. MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAY. CAPE
NOME. DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The Ne\v Steamer
PORTLAND
Will leave San Francisco July 22 at ? o'clock
from Fremont-street wharf for above points,
making prompt connections with our river
steamers on the Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 SANSOME ST.. S. F.. Cal.
TOYO KISEN KAISfII
c
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan street*. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe. (Hloga), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
cf sailing.
AMERICA MARC Wednesday, July 26
HONCKOWi MAKU Thnr-.m A.J-rusi 17
NIPPON MARC Tuesday. September 13
Round-trtp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market st., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
PMB_l____l The S. G. Australia
_lfl_«_S_.* al!8 for Honolulu
g a ™"" l "*» Wednesday. July 26,
™ '_2 ;_ at 2p. in.
,_x**L* > S. S. Moana sails
jMrTKnin-J via Honolulu and
UWlllJlliy-*-' Auckland for Sydney
»Otllß3_ir"-' Wednesda *'- 6" aEt *
vyiiiwuit**p at 10 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, vln Hawiil.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Sues,
England. «to. ; <610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., s-rts., 114 Montgomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Crtnce. 327 Market St.
COKPAGNIS GENERAL** TRANBATLASTI^rj!*.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a m. -t-^JETg
from Pier 42, North River, foot •***-•"■■* "J"
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE, J«l>* 29; LA
TOCRAINE, August 5: LA CHAMPAGNE.
August 12: LA HRETAGNK, August 19: LA
NOKMANDIE, August 26. First-class to
Havre. $65 and upward, 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second-class to Havre. *4.>. 10
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL^
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York*. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAT AND BIVEB STEA-lEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at i a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SQS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." ; ;
MON. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a m. 3:18, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:3.1 a. m.. S
p m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ■•■■■ 50c
/^*K Dr. Gibbon-- Dispensary,
Amml (, *>^ KEABNT ST. Established
_3**f_*___i In 1954 for the treatment of Private
HI _B___aT Diseases. Lost Manhood Debility or
■■£__!___ disease waarlnspn body and mind and
2xBl ■I Slcin Dleeaaea/The doctor cures when
3_| HoiheiiiiJl, Try him. Charges low.
__IB Bc«rfSß*_ajra>*Bteed. Ct^ioxwrit-j,
[ mtt JL jr_j_u_M_t mS*m iwt*3*v i i»na_«».
910
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BU-TNESS OFFICE, of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets.. open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery -treet,
comer Clay; cpen until 8:30 o'clock
-187 Hayes street; open until 9:SO c, clock.
•39 McAllister street; open until 9:10 o ctoefc.
«_ Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o clock.
(Ml Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
•until 8 o'clock. „_t„Mr
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 oct
2526 Mission street: open until 9 clock.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
~ MEETING NOTICES.
I __HhT
To>l£E m
All 'niters nre cordially invited. _
A SIR JOHN TONNINGSEN. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM -.■ GRAVES, Recorder.
VERB'- BUENA Lodge of tf Pert -S-ction. *W
No. 1.-Regular meeting THIS J* T. -*¥f
day) EVENING, at i o clock, p. IS. 3%
* CEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. J_>L
OCCIDENTAL Lodge, No. 22. F. and A. «
M.-THIS .Friday) EVENING, at 7:3o^\^
o'clock. Third degree. Master Masons
cordially Invited. By order of the \\ . /NT *■
M. WALTER >;. ANDERSON, Secty.
JEAN FRANCISCO Lodge. No. 3. I. o^S*^_blK->>
" .'. I*. Installation THIS ''o"^_aßs_
day) EVENING. " -***»-W
ALEX. JACOBI, N. *'•_____ *
MISSION Chapter, No. 155. Order East- *l^#
em Star.— Officers and members are _*jS_
notified to assemble at Mission Ma-
conic Temple, 260S Mission St., THIS '
DAY* (Friday), at DM o'clock, for the purrose
of cor.du.-tiriET the funeral of our late nister,
ELIZABETH MACK. By order of Die W. M.
MARY G. FOSTER., Secy.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- _ "£7 v.
ion Club THIS EVENING, at ' "JV, (fklJ
o'clock, at Scottish Hall. 117 Lar- I_sX_r
kin st. ANGUS McLEOD. Chief. **«_?&
ANDREW McNAIR, Secretary*.
ANNUAL MKETING— The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will i - I eld at the oflica
of the company, 327 Market st.. San Francis
co. Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of Au-
gust, lsi'9, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY. July 29. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees fur the
ensuing year and the transaction of such,
other business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the com- }
•■any, southeast corner of Beale nd Howard
Bts.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th
day of August, 1899. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived an application from H. W. Tanger-
rnan to mine by the hydraulic process in the
Clint. placer mine, at Clinton. Amador Coun-
ty, and to deposit tailings in Jackson Creek,
gives notice that a meeting will be held
nt room 59, Flood building, San Francisco,
Cal., on July 31. 1599. at 1:30 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ACCOUNTANTS.
_?T<r?TIAITL-Ci?i \ Cal. st.. d-.-si«ns. audits _
adjusts accounts for cor-por___o__j ,v firms, :■-'.
ATTORNEYS at LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— .James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
nc ved their law offices to the irrott build-
ing. S2o-8"7. Market st.; tel. South 215^
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. ■ cktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARKE-"-Emma Spreckels building. 527
• Market; consultation fr-e; no f"es in advance.
"~ IIOAHU AND KOOMS.
AT 417 First Nicely furnished rooms, with ,
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS, 1001 Suttei— New, beautifully furnished
Funny' suites, single r.. reas.; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms;
j-ood home cooking; special rates to Rents.
PCIWELL, 30? (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. : cen. for lunches.
80. .V and beard in private Jewish family for
a coun!.? or two. Inquire 1429 Post st.
BUTTER. 1128-f-Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty -rarden; home cookinp.
HOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG man with two girls (children) desires
home in private family; German, Christian
people preferred. Box 724. Call office, Oakland.
BOARDING FOB CHILDREN.
WANTED— lnfant to board: $10 a month. 210
Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort -
able home for infants: $10 mo. 531 A Castro st.
■ M . ..
BOOKS-NEW AND OLD,
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Rook <*.., 7f'4 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
__^ .w— _____
■250— DAIRY produce business In leading mar-
ket of this city; horse and wagon. inquire
WILKIE, "-f-* Market st.
■.•AItTNER for half interest in a vaudeville en-
terprise to act as treasurer; Jl'Viii capital re-
quired; investment fully guaranteed; similar
to the Orpheum. \VILK"E, !>OG Market st.
(450— _aloon ; best location on city front; sell-
ing on account of sickness. R. G. WILKIE
& CO.. 906 Market St., room 7 and 8.
A— sliw — CHOP house and coffee saloon In
wholesale district; established years; clearing
above $170 per month; only cause of sale dis-
agreement of partners. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— THE best-paying and for years established
corner grocery and bar in the Mission: low
rent; must be sold at once; on account of
family trouble the . lace Is turned over to a
wholesale liquor house; investigate and make
your offer. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— 1450; DRY goods' notions and fancy store,
with living rooms; rent $14; good paying;
stock worth the money; owner to leave. R.
<;. WILKE, 906 Market st. •
A—DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice;
Baloon with mercantile lunch; established
years: rent free, splendid paying; lease; close
to Mai and Second sts.; investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE. l-yo Market st.
A— ssoo; SALOON, about 50 feet from Call build-
ing, rent $70; doing a good paying business;
owner to leave the city. Call It. G. WILKE.
906 Market st.
PARTNER wanted: wholesale and retail candy
business; lady preferred; take charge retail
department. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
A — CIGAR store; great sacrifice; cheap rent-
must sell this day. COWING & CO . 995 Mkt.
BUTTER an I egg route; best in city; great
sacrifice. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
FiNE Steam laundry; best in the city; must b«
sold. COWING _ CO., S.'js Market st.
A— MILLINER store; best ln the State: must
be sold. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
A.— FOR SALE. '
Machinery and electrical business; besides
the store fixtures and good stock there is also
a well-equipped factory with electric motor
and engine lath- and other power and hand
tools. The house enjoys a good trade In
. dynamo motors and other electrical goods,
both of its own manufacture and goods im-
ported. Business employs from 3 to 5 men
and purchaser need not be a practical man,
oo the employes can furnish any technical in-
formation desired; simply needs to be a good
salesman. Owner has made $20,000 ln the
last 4 years. Business will pay from $300 to
$400 per month with good management. Price
will be ma.!.- to suit purchaser, as present
owner will take out goods enough so that the
business can be purchased from Slaw up-
ward according to the goods on hand. PA-
CIFIC COAST EXCHANGE, 1007*. Market.
GROCERY and bar; rent $1C; 4 rooms; de-
parture cause sale. McLAUGHLIN, 777 Mkt.
1250— LAUNDRY route with good horse and
wagon; other business cause of sale. Mc-
LAT'GHLIN & CO.. 777% Market St.
noon Daving saloon In the business center of
city. Inquire McLAUGHLIN. 777*4 Market St.
SALOON; bargain; this day, on account
of disagreement of partners. McLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777V4 Market st.
"a Tf-P'NTION — sell your business promptly
for cash apply to HEALY & CO.. tf.l Mark-.
M-.O— PROM comer grocery and bar;
best location In the city; selling at invoice
price. HEAW4CO.. 917 Market st.
RESTAURANT and oyster house; prin-
s^ n l street north of Market; clearing $100 per
' mSnthi?nvestigate.* HEALY _ CO., 917 Mkt.
■__; Vr.T7._T at-RANT; i!sc meals; doing fine
K2SS_3__H__l__*^ ■elHn-. other
*?t„<5T CLASS saloon for sale on water front.
app]>' _TMont_o»n«y «t.
& ck -o:. glpi
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$150 — COFFEE saloon; principal street: near
Market St.; established 15 years: place is a
mint; trial given. M. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
$1500— COFFEE saloon and chop house, oppo-
site ferry; crowded during meal hours; steady
run all day; old established place; well fur-
nished; a £_»d paying business Al bargain.
M. LESS _ CO., 765 Market st.
$450— SALOON and lunch house; good part city;
9 rooms. inc. furniture; roomers pay more
than rent; big bar trade. LESS _ CO., 765
Market. .
$350— RESTAURANT and oyster house; pros-
perous town of State; value in sight; good
business; practically without competition;
bargain. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market St.
I HAVE a list of good-paying grocery stores,
saloons, bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants,
hotels, merchandise, etc.: sold and exchange-
Call and see my list. EITEL. 1008- . Market.
FOR sale— Complete set of tinner's machine and
hand tools, pipe vises, stocks and dies,
wrenches and plumber's hand tools, etc.; nec-
essary to outfit a plumbing and tinning shop.
All in good shape and at a bargain. Address
Box 1509, Call office.
$370 WILL buy roadside house, with lease of
large lot; rent, $10 a month; 10 rooms, with
stable, sheds, chicken and pigeon house; car-
riage sheds; 45 minutes' from Kearny st.
Particulars 126 O'Farreil St.
FOR sale— old establish.-.! corner grocery
and saloon; doing a good profitable business;
owner moving to his own store. Apply .it
Hibernia Brewery, 1225 Howard st. |
FAMILY boarding-house: steady boarders; 14
rms.. all occupied: bargain. A.C .box VI. Call.
A— s.**2*.; BARBER shop with laundry office; re-
ceipts $7.1 week; 3 chairs; near Market; bni-
gain. City Business Exchange. 10:2 Market.
$525—20- ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent "60. BASILIC, 3 Eddy St.
$2000-=- FIRST-CLASS grocery': must be sold at
once; best of reasons for selling;; new stock
and fixtures: will invoice $-1000; long estab-
lished; low r»r.t; long lease; Investigate im-
mediately; chance for Eastern man. Box
4&91, Cull offl.'e.
$40.d00 FOR V- .rest in an enterprising busi-
ness: no experience reQUlred. Address box
4M4. Call office.
I STORE— Coffee, tea, crockery and notions, 1128*4
Folsom; very reasonable. Apply 117ti Harrison.
$_:.— RAN. bakery, notion stun-; 2 living
rooniF. 805*4 Filbert st.
■ TO sell or exchange Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 783*4 Marl st.
i CORP grocery and bar doing good lniKln.'s3.
$400 Apply on premises. 1552 Folsum St..
corner Twelfth.
BLACKSMITH shop: country: clearing •>*"*-*■
$150 per month; bargain. Address MRS 1. .
•155 Fifth st.
$175— SHOE shop; pays well; low rent: good
prices; must be sold; make offer. 332 Bush --'■
j FOR sale— Good shoe store and repairing; low
rent: best location. Box 4956. Cal ___________
BARGAIN— Me..: market; $27.0: splendid lo-
cality: cash business. Arplv owner. 506 Castro.
SALO N: old established corner; fair stork;
good business: side entrance to cafe; offer
wur.ted. 6**2 Market st., room 6.
FIRST-CLASS locality for fruit and poultry in
market; complete fixtures. Post st., near La-
gutia.
FIRST-CLASS .Ing butcher, sausage and
pork-packing luslness for lie In one of the
best towns north of Snn Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office^
J2C,— SAI-OON with good ness. Inquire 636
Third st.
-^.i—WANTED. a -rood business man as part-
ner In an old-established fruit and produce
commission bouse In wholesale district; refer-
ences given and required. For further particu-
lars address ... Call office.
CLOTHING, boot and shoe and furnishing
goods business in thrifty condition; £0 miles
from San Francisco; fine climate and good
business point. Box 4565. Call office^
RESTAURANT— Must be sold ln 10 days; owner
leaving the city. Apply Call ottlce.
FOR tale— With 5 years' lea«e, grocery' and
bar. Post and Devisadero sts^
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bur. Inquire Call
offlce.
SALOON with -rood business ln good location.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. 323 Market st.
: HAIRDRESSING store; good slo'-k and fix-
tures; must sell; sickness. Box 4531. Call.
SAL and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for -ale. fc.o Jackßon st.
$1 50— 10.JO BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed: catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY. 611 Sacramento st.; tel. Main 1836.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 017 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland; no agents.
COFFER and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.'S . 41." Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
i ALL kinds of wagons, butr.eies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AMI CLEANING.
WHEN You bee. me disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDING*S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 4...
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
I J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Clean: Co..
453 Stevenson st.; t-1. South 225: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 24" 14th
'st. : cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 316.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; fl. East 126.
CLEANING i OMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clalrvcyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices, 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
MMF. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladles, r.oc; gents. $1; sitting-, $1 50. 12-; Turk.
ARRIVED— The king of all mediums. Prof.
Halev; tells your life from cradle to grave;
60c. $1 up. 106 Taylor st., parlors 3-5.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; sealed
letters read. 10c; readings daily. 14A Geary.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; three pages of
your life written. $1. 989 A Howard st.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic, 120 A Eddy st.
MME. HANSON, card readerand palmist; past,
present and future, 27.'. 148 Sixth B „, room 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only.
742 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1222 Mission.
FOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; 250.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 911 O'Farreli st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED tent for housekeeping; also camp-
ing ground. Address H. HARDMAN, RoS3,
Marin County.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of .' rooms. 1876 15th st., nr. Dolores.
FOR sale or to let— 2 or 3 cottages in perfect
order cheap: key at 1422 Montgomery st.
I — ■
COUNTRY BOARDING
COUPLE without children can find extra com-
fortable board on fruit farm at reasonable
rates. Ad. DAVIDSON. Dimond, Alameda Co.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. Dental Parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
Plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates;, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
■ (per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
1 Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years: crown
' and bridge work teeth without a plate; lin-
; ings, BOc; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set. J.".;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
; have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. in. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9to 2
\ p. m. G. W. "vyTLLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1899,
DENTISTS.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farreil st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2; bridges, $4
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 flrst
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges $5 up: painless^ ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR. Lt-DLUM HILL. 1443 Market «•■._"_"
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fl lings a
specialty; aH work reasonable; given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by flectrlc-
Itv; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
MEYER. 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. » to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. SoO Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. T'4l Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL,
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., Pan
Francisco. Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing. languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy.
surveying, etc.: electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design. construction, mechanical ,
drawing; 25 teachers: individual instruction, j
200 graduates annually placed in positions.
stu. nuts can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new -jO-page cata-
log lice. .
HOLMES* College of Oratory-Term opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte. vocal music, piano.
violin Journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 instructors; de-trees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows bldg., B. -.
AYRES" -Business liege, 723 Market st.;
' shorthand; typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc., life
scholarship. $7.0; low rate- per week and mo.
M G BARRETT, a leading court and general
" reporter (graduate of State Normal 1. Instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS ? and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech survey, assay, archl. ; day and eve.;
es?: im VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
dayandnight; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, i"-' 1 '- lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, $5 mo. 514 Hayes St.. top flat.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; BOc un hour. 620 Eddy St.
••EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 06.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. *:■' »■■!!, nr. Sutler: tel. Black IS-il'..
IEMFLOY-IENT "WANTED Female.
LADIES have some first-class servants
awaiting situations, If you could call and ta-
terview them you could be quickly suited.
.1. F. •SETT & ...... 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St. : - -' ■
YOUNG woman wishes situation to care for
invalid or Children in return for traveling ex-
penses East; city references. MISS EFFIL
HARPER, Station C, San Francisco.
MIDDLE-AGED German, first-clasa cook,
epeakins German only, with good references,
wishes situation In good family; city or coun-
try; wages $25. Address 403 Ninth st-. Oakland.
YOUNG lady would like position as caehlenain
r.-staurant or saleslady in store. M. 8., 2045
Fifteenth avenue, South Sun Francisco.
YOUNG German couple want positions; private
or hotel; city or country. Box 1602, Call offlce.
GERMAN woman with a child washes position
to do any kind of housework; city or country;
small wages. Box l."'J3, Call office.
IRISH girl desires position to do general house-
work and cooking: wages $20 to $25; no post-
als. Call al 1612 Van Ness aye, fr..m 2 to 6.
SWEDISH woman wants to do washing or
cleaning by the day. Address 160 Tehama St.,
between Second and Third.
WOMAN with a child, wishes work: good cook;
wages $15. 44 Third st., Winchester House.
YOUNG girl would like to take .-are of baby
and sleep home. Box 673, Call office.
WOMAN wants washing and housecleanlng by
the day. 1651 Howard st.
SWEDISH slrl wishes situation to do general
housework and cooking in private family. $20
per month. 909 Minna street, near Tenth.
SITUATION by competent girl f.-r housework
and .-.king, wages $20. 651 Bay st., nr.
Leavenworth: no postals.
YOUNG girl 12 years old wants place to asslet
with light work for good home and privilege
of going to school. Box 4652, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation: good
cook, city or country. 10 Stockton place, off
Grant aye. ■'-'-.'. .
YOUNG Danish girl wishes position as cook
in private family; wages $25. 413 Natoma st.
COMPETENT Swedish cook wishes situation in
private family. Address box 4553. Call offlce.
COMPETENT Swedish second girl; good wait-
refs. Address box 4642, Call office.
WANTED— Care of infant or child under 4 at j
lady's home. Box 4990, Call office. j
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wishes position In
hotel, city or country. Box 1501, Call office.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; does
not object to children. E. M., b0x. 17.11, Call.
GERMAN girl wants position as governess or
lady's mail; speaks French and Italian.
Ahlbom House. Grant aye. and Bush St.
YOUNG German girl wishes a situation to do
general housework. 703 San Bruno aye., near
Nineteenth Bt.
YOUNG French lady desires position In Amer-
ican family as cook and housekeeper; refer-
ences given. Address G. 1., Ell Broadway.
A LADY with a child wishes a position as
working housekeeper. Mrs. D., 727 Bush St.
YOUNG lady wants place in country taking
care of children; good steamstress; wages
$20. No. 210 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged Swiss-German
lady, speaks English, wishes place to take
care of children; trustworthy: handy with
sewing; or go out nursing. 916 Howard, r. 17.
ELDERLY woman wants work by the day.
Box 4949, Call office.
WANTED— By thoroughly competent and ex-
perienced Eastern dressmaker, sewing by day
in private families; good references. Address
I. S., box 778. Call office. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
do cooking and some housework; country
only. 848 Third st.
LADY of 20 years' experience from kinder-
garten to normal desires a situation as day
governess. Box 314, Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bagyqge to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211, 315 Stoc on st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farreil st. tel. East 424.
ENGINEER and electrician; holds first-class
New York City license; 18 years' experience
in hotels and lighting plants; has had charge
of some of the largest plants East; thorough-
ly understands all details ln connection with
his department; best of references. SHEL-
DON, 1219 Mission st.
YOUNG unmarried man of excellent character
wants position of any kind; will deposit $50
as sectirity for my honesty: no fakir need
answer. Address box 907, Call office^
RELIABLE Japanese school boy wants a po-
sition to work In family; good references. S.
HARA. 1329 Ijne St.
YOUNG man whiles position an bookkeeper or
office work; 7 years' experience and good ref-
erences. Box 1608, Call offlce.
. WANTED— A situation by an engineer and
machinist. Address C. O. 8., box 1507, Call.
STENOGRAPHER operating Remington and
Smith machines wants position. Box 675,
' Call office. .
; COMPETENT young man wishes position to
drive wagon and take care of horses. Box
4998, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS baker on bread and cakes wishes
employment in country- Address 120 Mission
St., room 13.
GOOD barber wants a flrst-class situation. Ad-
dress 119 Oak st.
1 SITUATION wanted by married gardener on
private place or institution. Box 674, Call.
BAKER— Bread and cake baker wishes posi-
[ tion. 422 Post st. tftf --..tf
BY" a High School student (age 16). a position
to work for board and room before and after
' school; a willing worker; speaks German.
Address box 4995. Call. '■.-. " -.-.'.
1 WANTED — Window or house cleaning or other
work- have eight hours every. day to spare.
HENRY* ANDERSEN, 952 Bush. Tel. East 963.
1 MAN and wife would like position on ranch—
i man as ranch hand and woman as cook. Call
474 Jessie st.
! wanted— Situatloa as clerk. Addresi Jjox
, s '**iCs6, Call of flea.- . - _
.- ._..-. _-•__. ; - M ~
.>■*■♦ ■*■ ♦ «*•♦ •*• ♦ ■*» ♦ •*• » ■;■ ■» •••» > r-* > v^T ** v■•v** v ** v **■ v *» v ** •** ■* •♦• ** ** » »** » - • - ■ —
* j f
[■ II- »»»_■.■ ■■ ■ — ll' ■ ■ ■■»■ •- — -*•*■ ' ■.>■>-*■»■*■■■ -Y^---»-, I,—^- ■■ -**•*■ i'' l ' ,f ."- ■■■ " ■■■■ T
£$£&£s& -■■:■-■■;' v ■■■;-;•>'•" ■ •'. '••" • -'• •'. _ I
':>" "''''..' ' ' f
- • ■ i : : * ♦
?-;-*:; fip J 4
f - ' • ' X * '4*4 -1 *
P . -*-7> -.-l •
• , . . T_^^_ * . I-M. *
: -!_______. ' tfi ♦
'{■■—.■'■ ,->:-- *^____ i__M_3____SSS9_^___S^ -^ tfytfii *T
: IHSB_i___?^ r : V "»'jl ♦
' " 4 ___iiH___w___l p_B'
t'; ' ?**■ ___ii_i-§_l ♦
■_■____■
__■______!
' '■'-tf-' ♦
■* - ; - *
Ht tMUM *
■___S___-9_H_9__H--__H-HHg
THE MAN OF THE HOUR. 1
A MAGNIFICENT PJRJRIF OF 1
♦
A *_**-_. i- _i ■ _r*__ a _i _r*_. ftj "*abi # h x_, / *•'
s I lc A 1 1 r W r i ♦
1/ ?iii%r%_L. ILFLTt l I I
lIST TEIST COLORS 1
(Size 14x21 inches.) ♦
| t }
ii FREE •- Advertisers i I
♦ T 4
j... t I
4-« * •••.>.•«■••••>»«■«»»■»■ 4
4
Bring in Your Advertisements To-day and To-morrow for 1
SUNDAY'S CfILL. 1
THI^ PORTRAIT ' 3 In no sense a cheap c *- rom0 ' *- ut an example of X
_______________________ the highest style of Illuminated printing In the t
famous French style of color-plate work. An ornament to any library or drawing- 1
room. BEARS THE AUTOGRAPH OF ADMIRAL DEWEY. Cannot be had else- Jj
where in San Francisco than at the Business Office of THE CALL, where sample *
copies may be seen. Jj
♦*.»,*.» .*.»»*♦ ♦♦*-♦ -?-*»-£•♦ 4*-**4" ♦ "fr ♦*!'•-» -!*♦**** »--f'»«*«-»-*f--»-*f'-» •*•♦•?•♦ *I* ♦*!*♦*«***-••;• t
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MaIe.
COACHMAN— wanted; thoroughly
understands care of horses, carriages, garden,
milking; good driver; thoroughly competent.
Box 4999, Call oflice.
GOOD general Jobbing blacksmith wishes
steady position on a railroad, mine or saw-
mill. Box 4978. Call,
ATTENDANT— Competent nurse wishes to take
care of Invalid gentleman; mental case pre-
ferred: wages reasonable. Address F. M.,
box 474-. Call office.
WANTED— A position as pianist or aceom-
panlst. Address **2" Day st.
EXCHANGE.
F'CTTTa7e~OT~e!^a^^?pf-roorn story and a half
house; lot 100x200; barn, chicken house and
buggy m.f".: town water; located best resi-
dence street Dixon; value $2000. Address box
150-1. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak sore, Inflamed, itching, watery, burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves; by
mall 50c. German Optical Institute. 1071' A Mar-
ket. S. F. Wanted-Rellable agt ln every State.
FLATS TO LET.
ATS M SPECK r & '''•.. 667, MARKET ST.
217 - Elm aye.; 5r.. 515. 2677 Market; 6 r $12
913 Buchanan; 5 r.. 15 2827 Jackson; 6 r — 12
2301 Geary; 5 r 16 1313 Green*. 5 r. ...... 10
204U Eddy: 4 r 1057 Gol. G. ay. ; 4 r.. in
1711 -. Mason; 5 r.. 14 41- Fulton; 3 r 9
1217 Pacific; 5 r.... 182085 Ellis; 3 r 9
1914 Union; 6 r 12,15144 Scott; 4 r... *
ELEGANT modern flat, 5 rooms, bath, yard,
$12. 164 Precita aye., near Mission st.
FINE corner flat. 7 rooms; all modem improve-
ment*-; yard; cellar; sun all day. lIS Web-
ster St., near Haight.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FULTON, 146— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16. -
HARRISON. 704, near Third— comfortable
sunny flat,' 5 rooms and bath; $16.
NEAR City Hall: 2 new upper Funny modern
flats; 5 rooms and bath each; 28 Grove st. and
25 Birch aye.
NEW flat, 5 rooms, bath; yard, cellar and
stable; rent $18. 38 Sharon St., between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth. Church and Sanchez.
NICE sunny flat; fine condition: 4 rooms and
bath; 39 Langton St.. near Howard: $14.
NORFOLK, 26, off Folsom— 4 nice rooms. $10.
14 Langton. off Howard— 2 sunny rooms. $5.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 5-room flat; modern Improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— Sunny s-
room flat; modern; rent $15; water free.
WANTED— A tenant for cheap flat, 6 rooms
and bath; 22 Glover St., bet. Jones and Leav-
enworth, Vallejo and Broadway; rent $12.
4 ROOMS and bath: large cellar; large flower
garden; 1219 Laguna St., cor. Ellis. Inquire
1221 Laguna St.
$13 50— 297 A SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat 6 sunny
rooms; hath, gas, yard.
812% JESSIE st. and rear, near Ninth— 2 flats;
4 rooms each: rent $11 and $8.
FLATS TO LET Fornl-tlied.
GROVE, 818, bet. Webstar and Fillmore— Sun-
ny furnished or unfurnished flat, 6 room*.
piano, garden, Btable if desired; references
exchanged.
2 FINE furnished bay-window fiats, 5 and 3
rooms. Inquire 819 Diamond St.; rent $12-$2 O.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, bath; piano; $40.
2418 Clay st.
FURNITUHi*" FOR SALE.
COMPLETE bedroom and dining-room set In
antique oak at a sacrifice. 15 Dame St., off
Thirtieth, nr. Church.
TAPESTRY Brussel: carpets, laid and lined,
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
NURSEGIRL. $25 per month; country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl to assist ln kitchen, country. $20 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSSES and chambermaids, came ho-
tel. San Mateo, $20 each; La Honda. $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS second girl, Sausallto. $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
3 WAITRESSES, same hotel, $20 each; country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, Belmont, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Putter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Livermore, $25; Raymond.
$20. fare paid; Cordelia, $15; Oakland, $20 per
month, 2 ln family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
HOUSEWORK, Colusa County, $20, fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS nurse for one child 2 years old,
125; must have city references. MISS CUL-
j , LEN, 825 Sutter, at. : tftftftfy-y
HELP WANTED — Female.
"C R. HANSEN & CO.. PHONE GRANT 'IB6."
head waitress, $25; l- waitresses for flrst-class
resorts, $2.-; 12 waitresses, flrst-class com-
mercial hotels, $20 to.. 4 525; 3 waitresses and 2
chambermaids to wait*" city, $20; woman cook,
Tulare. $25, Care paid, see party here S:3O a.
m. ; woman cook, Pleasanton, $23; 2 fancy
Ironers, $37 50 each; polisher who can run
Troy machine, $25 and found.
FAMILY ORDERS
45 cooks and housegirls, city and country, $13
to $25; cook for fi people, country. $1 day arid
free fare; second girl, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL, small American family at Cap-
itola, cook, wash and Iron, $2" to $_, free
fare. . '. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Chambermaid and waitress, coun-
try hotel, $2. waitresses for springs, $20; girl
for housework. Oakland, $25; German second
girl, $20; 15 girls for housework, $20 and $25;
laundresses for laundry, $30 an.l .... German
cook, no wash, $25; second girl and sewing,
$20; cook and nurse, $25 each, same house;
and a number of others too numerous to ad-
vertise. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
.316 Sutter st.
GlRLS— There is no use being out of work
when you can go down to THE NEW EM-
PLOYMENT OFFICE and get a place to-day.
They want chambermaids, housegirls, cooks,
nursegirls, waitresses, housekeepers, etc.; you
can get just the place you want this morn-
ing. 751 Market st., phone Black 3911.
OPERATORS on underskirts, children's wear.
infants' hats, caps, also tuckers; steady
work, good wages. BAUER BROS. _ CO.,
. £1 Sansome st.
NEAT young girl for housework, 2 in family:
good home, moderate wages. Apply between
6 and 6 p. m., 303 Call building.
WOMEN and girls to work on dried fruit. Ap-
ply Union AA'arehouse, cor. Battery and
Union sts.
WANTED An elderly lady to take care of a
girl 5 years old; good home; Scandinavian
preferred. 23 East st.
ACTIVE girl for delicatessen $15 month, board
and room; state age and experience. Box
672, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and typewriter for printing of-
ffice; ref. and exper. required. Box 1510, Call.
WANTED- Experienced hand on ladles' Bilk
and woolen waists; factory work; power. S.
S. Mfg. Co., 409 A Turk st.
"WOMAN to run spinning wheel for Mechanics'
Fair. Apply JOSEPH M. CUMMING, Secre-
tary Mechanics' Institute, 31 Post st.
GERMAN girl to do general housework; 6 ln
family; wages $25. 6 Chelsea place, off Bush
St., near Powell.
WANTED — A competent girl for general house-
work and cooking; call from S to 12:30. 1276
O'Farreli street.
WANTED Buttonhole operator. J. C. NOLAN
& CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED— 3 cutters on ladles' shoes. J. C.
NOLAN & CO., 641 Market st.
GIRL to assist ln light housework and cook-
ing. 1044 Ellis st. ,
WANTED— A German cook ln restaurant; no
other need apply. 113 Turk st.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; wages $S.
3610 Nineteenth st, near Guerrero.
WANTED— to assist to wait at table. Call
8 a. m., 126 Ninth st.
GIRL, general housework, small family, $15.
2023 Sacramento St., bet. 8 and 12.
WANTED Immediately — Experienced labelers.
Apply 425 Brannan at.. bet. Third and Fourth.
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co.. Ltd., Brannan st,, between Third and
Fourth.
EXPERIENCED earners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
YOUNG German girl for light housework;
small family; $12 to $16. 1530 Grove st.
NURSEGIRL wanted at 530 Turk st.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls; Inexperi-
enced Instructed. HEYNEMANN & CO.,
410_ Mission st.
MILL VALLEY, woman, plain cook, small
family; no washing, $10; reference. Address
H. Box 4539. Call offlce.
WANTED— An apprentice on vests and also
good hand on vest. 628 Stevenson st.
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats; also ap-
prentice. Call after 9 a. m., 354 Geary st.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
. plea and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid cash, every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED girl for light housework and
care for child; German preferred. Call' be-
tween 10 and 12 ft. m, at IOI4A Washington.
— :•__ •,?.•,•■„.*"- :,***.■' -— — * _■_.__ - ■
HELP "WANTED FemaIe.
GOOD hotel waitress, $20; call early. New Em-
ployment Office, 751 Market st. *_
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS ft
CO.. 82*. Fremont st. ; apply to Mr. --avis.
HELP WANTED — Male.
................ FRCIT PICKERS .......... ......
20 men and strong boys to pick fru .1 1 (.•rlaw
ranch near city; good long Job MSt $1 per toj
and board; call early. W. D. EAVER & CO.,
610 Clay st. ■
WANTED— Dairyman; small private dairy in
country*. $30 and board. W. D. EWER ft CO..
626 Clay st.
WANTED— Sack sewer for thresher, near city;
60 days' run or over at $2 25 per day and
board. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Blacksmith for shop near city. $45
and found; blacksmith helper on ran $30
and found; man. iced horses and clean stable
for ranch near city, $22 50 per month and
board: 10 men about brickyard near city, **30
and board and free fare, no experience re-
quired; crosscut sawyers. swampers and la-
borers/etc, for logging camp, fare advw need,
woodchoppers and Be-wakers; cooks. *W and
$30 and $35. AY. P. EWER ft CO. . '-'• ' "*£•
WANTED Cook for gang of fruit P^ers on
ranch near city; $20 to $». W. D. LASER &
CO.. 62.; Clay st.
MURRAY ft READY 'PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment Labor Age
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M. ••.•••"
184 laborers, different country lobs $- to $ 1.0
day, $30 to $26 and found, good, steady jobs,
94 teamsters. 2 and I horses, different country-
Jobs, $60 to $72 monthly, $2 to $1 .0 day, good,
.."FARMS. DAIRIES AND choremen. ....
86 farm, orchard and vineyard hands. *Ao *.«*.
$26, $25, $20 and found, for all parts of Cali-
fornia. good lobs $30 to _. and found
32 milkers, good lobs $30 to $2.. and found
19 choremen and boys tor good Jods on
ranches, etc •,-;•■•*:
$30 $26, $25, $20, $25. $10 and found
4 butter makers *•*'-. ami found
.. CARPENTERS AND BLACKSMITHS ...
12 carpenters, different jobs ■ ** day
3 bridge carpenters $4"> and found
9 blacksmith- and horsesho. $2 50 to $- da*"«
$7.5, $47. $40, $30 and found.; good, steady Mobs.
PIPE FITTERS, GARDENERS, FLORISTS,
SHOEMAKERS
20 boys for good ■!■-.
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
39 men for above fields •-••
$2 50, $2 $150, $125 a day
$3 50 day hay balers $3 50 day
Stablemen Section RR. Laborers
IN SAN FRANCISCO
12 two-horse teamsters -
$2, $1 7". day. $26 and found
Is laborers, board yourselves home .$1 77 day
18 laborers $30, $26 and found
9 laborers, city manufacturing company
$26 and found
canwasher, $36 mill bench hand
help for street RR. companies
help for Oregon AA'ashington, Arizona, Ha-
waiian Islands and British Columbia
milk wagon driver J
MURRAY ft READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE
to every railroad in California, drillers, la-
borers, teamsters, etc., $3 day
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A\"E WILL PAY YOUR FARE
You come to-day early and see manager of
sawmill at our office; he will engage 30 men;
no experience required; you'll suit
15 men for mill yards $26 to $40 and found
15 men for wood's $26 to $40 _ I found
ALSO
395 men for every class of work In 34 saw-
mills and woods, from $70, $05, $60, $50, .V
$40, $36 and $30 and found
COME SEE MURRAY ft READY,
FOR YOURSELVES 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS ......WAITERS DISHWASI
12 cooks, $60, $50, $45, $40, $35, $30 and $25 and
found VV ;
9 waiters $30. $25 and $20 and found
16 dishwashers.. s3o, $25, $20 and $15 and found
MURRAY ft READY, 634-650 Clay st.
BAKERS ..BUTCHERS AND.. OTHER HELP
Camp baker, free fare $40 and found
6 butchers, $62, $30 and $25 and found
9 bakers and assistants, $41. , $35. $25 and $20
and found ../.
PORTERS.... LAUNDRYMEN ....WAITER
BOYS
MURRAY ft READY, 634-636 Clay st.
NOTICE
TO DISCHARGED SOLDIERS.
WE WILL GIVE
SITUATION FREE
TRANSPORTATION FREE
To any able-bodied soldier wanting work on
the Coast or Valley Railroad as laborer or
teamster, at wages of $1 75 to $2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 7;, AND $2 50 PER DAY.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 GEARY ST.
■
NO OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE.
60 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
' C. R. HANSEN ft .0., 1..4 Geary st.
FOR A GOLD MINE.
5 MINERS, $3 a day: 15 able-bodied men for
laboring work in and around a mine, $2 50 a
day, no experience required
see boss here 10 a. m
C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPANY" WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE
30 pick and shovel laborers, $1 75 a day,
board $4 50 a week.
C. R. HANSEN * CO
104 Geary st
BLACKSMITH'S helper, ranch, $35: 2 mill
benchhands. $2 35 a day; cabinet-maker. $2 35
a .lay. harness-maker, ranch, $30; sheep-
• herder, $20; 4 wheeler loaders, city, $1 75 a
day, board $4 50 a week. C. R. HANSEN ft
('('.. 104 Geary st.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer for a ranch,
see party here, $30 an.l found, call early. C.
R. HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary st.
FRENCH second cook, hotel, $60; meat and
i pastry cook, country hotel, $55; night cook,
$30; second baker, $35; working head waiter,
city, $30; country hotel, $30: waiter, country
restaurant. $30 and room; neat young waiter,
country hotel, $35: waiter and wife, waitress,
country hotel, $50: kitchen help. C. R. HAN-
SEN ft CO., 104 Geary st.
STONEMASON, railroad work, free fare, call
early. C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3S more men, to drive 2 and 4
horse scrapers. $2 day, fare 25c; also 50 shov-
elers for work on grade, free fare, $1.75 day;
wood turner and machine man. $3 day: 50 la-
borers for mill and woods, $26 to $35 and
found; quartz miners, $2.60 day; gravel min-
ers, $40 and board; farmer, $25 to $30; cream-
ery butter maker, $35 and found; woodchop-
pers, $160 cord; 2 blacksmiths, $40 and found:
blacksmith's helper. $1 25 and found, and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacijamento st.
WANTED— Cook for country lunch house, $40
to $50; baker, country, $40; waitress, small ho-
tel, $20; dishwashers for city and country;
assistant baker for camp $20 to $25; hotel
baker. $35. and others. J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— S carpenters for short distance, $3
day. 8 hours; carpenter, $3.7... day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St.
WHAT are you looking for. a Job? Then call
this morning early at the NEW EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE, 751 Market st., phone Black
3911, for we want a man for delivery wagon,
good man for ranch, also miners, laborers,
teamsters and scores of other good places; if
you want work and will work SEE US.
HEAD waiter, city, $35; waiter, country, $25;
2 dishwashers, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26
Montgomery st., room 12.
WANTED— A young man to drive wagon and
attend to route. STOLLE Inc. Gaslight Co.,
722 Valencia st. ; apply before 9 a. m.
BARBER for Friday afternoon and Saturdays
623 Clay st.
BOY wanted to feed Gordon press. 14 Fremont
street.
BUSHELMAN wanted at SUMMERFIELD &
ROMAN S. corner Fifth and Market sts.
WANTED— First-class coat maker for Mar-
tlnez. M. J. O'M ALLEY, Martinez. Cal.
WANTED— Day clerk. Alpha House, 5 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— Dishwasher; wages $20. 15 Third
street. .
WANTED— Industrial Insurance
agent for debit. R. RALPH, 611 Montgomery.
WANTED— A good lunch waiter at 617 Mont-
gomery st. .: ;-
YOUNG man for nice corner grocery; must
have some experience. Box 15C6, Call office.
SHIRT knife cutter to cut ladles' wear. S4O
Market st
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
YOUNG man for clerk In grocery and saloon;
recommended. Box 44, Call offlce.
PORTER wanted. Apply early at 35 Market
street.
WANTED— GEORGE 11. TAY &
CO.. 616 Battery st.
BARBER for Saturday, $3 60; steady. 817 La-
guna st. 'tftftf
WANTED — Al salesman to handle hotels and
restaurants; state reference, wages expected,
experience and line of business you ara a-
. miliar with. Box 4644, Call.
HELP WANTED
MT^^o^e-rn'barner trade: ** 5 weekly made
_ftVs weeks* practice; only Institution teach-
fng the tonsorial art; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st- nr. Kearny.
-fn carpenters wan-...!. Address J. WAT-
KINSON-. superintendent. Santa Maria, Santa
Barbara 'County, Cal. ,
ANYONE ran learn to operate typesetting ma-
A chlne; » topper day on daily papers. BY-
RON RING. 614 Sacramento st.
BARBER wanted. Apply at 4511 Mission st.
WANTED-A first-class marker and dlstj*ibu-
\oV: state wages and experience. Vallejo
Steam Laundry. Vallejo, Cal.
BARBER, steady. $10 per , Sf-hih-t ° n< * for
Saturday and Sunday. 2 Eighth St.
TO go this week-^ pairs men;s shoes,
Aig^y n d_mag C r.ce $ 662 Mission sL.
bet. Ist and 2d sts.. open d a. m. to a p. m.
YOUNG man with some knowledge of watch
making. Box 4645; Call office.
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted; call 8-9 *; m.
731 Market st. PROFESSOR HAUSSLER.
-ED-Teamsters to drive SPr £P er j: g |. 3
$175 and $3; board. $160 per week. Apply B.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo Station,
on Valley Road. ;
GET your shoes half-soled while watting. Ko to
EOc. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and M sts.
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal ,v e "'r
built at sunol by the Spring Valley _ .water
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts.', San Francisco, or on work at
Sunol^ ,
MEN wanted— laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery st. __
TRY our 15c meals; beet ln city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. ,
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE ft LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Roikin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 604, 506 Davis st.
THREE Al hustlers to canvass; salary and
commission. 300 Post st. "
BARBER shop ln lively country town: 2 chairs;
baths. Apply at 1229 Golden Gate aye-
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 542 Mar-
ket st.: free shaving ln students department.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel Jessie 1164.
SAILORS and ordinary Scan for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IS men to find clean, central, cheap
rms., 2.-.C. 50c night: hkpg.. $1 25 up. 88 3d Bt.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARB ER COLLI 13<Vj Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD ft CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 2.v- per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. ?63*-. Market st.
TRY Acme House! 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 26c a night: $1 a week.
WANTEI>— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter "'..
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and 1 ■■- :■■■■ to •■'■ from '>'•■ fprry.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
AN except* span of Iceland ponies; gentle
for lady or'chlld. CHASE ft MENDENHALL,
successors Klllip ft Co.; sa'.cs>ard, 1732 Mar-
ket st
A PRIVATE team, young, sound, gentle; two
buggies, harness; must be sold immediately.
13C Ellis st.
FOR sale -are- Two heavy, young, good
horses. 1603 Geary st.
FOR sale— s4o; thoroughbred saddle mar"; suit-
able for lady: 6 years old. 19 City Hall aye.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
32" Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived — Carload large horses and car-
load med'um size, broke and unbroke, at
J. D. HORAN'S, Tenth and Bryant sts.
FANCY carnage, saddle and road horses. DAL -
ZIEL, veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOI BBS— -LODGING — -__^°J|*_^"" _*___,
I WANT an offer for 10-room house, near Eddy
and Jones; price $400. DECKER. 1020 Market.
17 ROOM house on Fourth st.; only $275
2fi rooms; corner house 850
14 rooms on O'Farreil st 800
12-room house; large yard; downtown.... 4.".
15 rooms; clears $100: only 300
12 rooms: exchange for large house 600
54-room house: clears $."00 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. ot\\.
-MOO— IO-ROOM house on Taylor st. ; $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts, DECKER, 10_3 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner): 15 bay-window rooms: all
rented; bargain; easy payments. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
B 1' WINSTON & CO., 1C26 MARKET ST.
THE LEADING ANDRELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms, near Sutter and Post sts $550
15 rooms, rent $65, near Orpheum 950
30 rooms, rent $90. fine paying house 1350
40 rooms, modern, cheap rent 1S"0
MONEY TO LOAN AT TWO PER CENT.
FOR sale— business and furniture of a fine
family hotel, 60 rooms, situated ln the center
of in Francisco. Address P. O. box 51,
Tracy, Cal.
A GOOD lodging house of 19 large rooms; well
lighted; for rent cheap. 154 Tehama st.
JULIAN aye., 192. cor 16th st. — Lodging-house,
l! rooms; .ill occupied: $175; rent $16.
HOUSF.S TO LET.
TO let— good houses, 8 rooms each and bath;
located 4164, 4168 Seventeenth st., within a
block of Castro st.
BUILDING suitable for dye works, laundry,
manufacturing, etc.; well water; cheap rent.
31S-320 Eleventh st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms; low
rent. ":' v *! Twenty-first St.; key next door.
HOUSES TO LET Furnished.
HOUSE to let; also the elegant furniture for
sale (Just Imported from Europe) of 9 rooms;
must be seen to be appreciated; must be sold;
•-".; Washington St.. near Devisadero; can be
seen only from 10 to '-. Apply G. H. UMBSEN
_ CO.. 14 M nt emery st.
TO LET— $3.".; fine residence, 6 rooms and bath,
with furniture: 2609 Pine st. Inquire of E.
ROniNKT. 411*.. California St.: upstairs.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Last Tuesday evening, large dog, 8
months old: yellow brown color with black
stripes; name on the collar Ricks. Return to
613 Kearny St.. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— 16. brown setter, white forefeet.
Liberal reward at .'." ' Laguna st.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH ft Workman. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
VERY fine !2-!> Lefevre hammerless shell-
ejector shotgun for .-4.",, cost original! $100;
also a fine 12-bore Remington Damascus ham-
merless -ejector shotgun for $40, worth
$85. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
Belling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant: 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE. 616 Mission.
FOR SALE— Fine bred fox terrier pups cheap.
21." : -_ Tehama St.. upstairs.
WANTED marble or slate bed 4xS for pool
table. Box 1505, Call.
BUTCHER shop for sale; good location; good
trade. Apply Call office.
FOR sale — St. Bernard dog. 14 months old;
cheap. Inquire at 797 Mission st.
2 NATIONAL .'ash Registers; 1 nickel plated
and other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw.
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
GASOLINE engines— h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $17.'. Smith Co.. 627 *uisslon.
DRESS pants. $2 95: fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
— Bargains ln new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original st. 109-111 Market. S. F.
__ *
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Reliable business horse; must be
cheap. 1332 Polk st. „__H
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars: ionjf Job. E. B.
J^ST/ONE,.- Elm-unit.. .**•**_ ,*_MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients
with very comfort, convenience of a hospital j
nnd privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5: no instru- I
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money j
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy
St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7 '■• S. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
ca-<-es of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel- ■
ers helped Instantly and can return home the I
same daj : no instruments used: cure at otflce.
$5: home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free , before going else-
where. MRS DR. WYETH. 942 Post st., bet
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
iLL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
BO years* practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home.
etc ; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de- .
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free ;confl- t
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi- J
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market st.;
pills. $1; v.-ry strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all I
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever j
r.-iuse: positively no instruments used; guar- !
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In- j
stantly; consultation free and confidential; •
home for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.. between j
Mason nnd Taylor: office hours. 9 to 5 and 7 I
to S p. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. :
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. TOPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A--DR. G. W. DONNELLJ world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free; •all or write. 1023*. Market st.
DR WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
h«rb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nes* herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
snd 7 to 9 p. m.
ALP—AITS French pills, a boon to ladies with
female -roubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed ■• O. D. . don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments; consultation free, confidential;
home treatment, $". MRS. ALLEN. 22S Van Ness.
A rice private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city; Infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife, 2012 Folsom.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA, 215*. Mason St.—
Private me in confinement . ladles' friend
In trouhle; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue: $1 per box. RICH-
ARTS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
DP \ND!MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye."; private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
DR and Mrs Wise. Ill* Market st.- Instant re-
.!»" for monthly troubles or money lack; $5 up.
MRS a. HARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. JSC Second St.: tel. Green 52.
DR: WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
Pa 'ei i of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MONEY TO LOW.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ______
ANY amount at ■"■-. per cent on real estate. 3d
;.: ■'. 2d mortgages, estates, real estate ln pro-
-1 ... mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
!ay. ' R. M ■ ■ ILGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
*a.:i beral advances on diamonds and Jew-
piry at ... lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Sure. 546 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY" amount by private party on furniture and !
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential. j
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
CASH loans to salaried people on note with- ;
out f-ndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
\T Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.- Money
loaned on <**amonds. jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, S per cent: 2d mortg.. chattels.
<"tc. Harper '_ Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
$:... TO $50 000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRY i .EN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOI'SLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money --cc H. MURPHY, ■'" Market.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $25' XI on gilt edge security. Box
4*4.** Call office. |
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright rianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; ices are "the
«.ame as If purchased for all cash; bargains j
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 an 1
$5 per m. nth. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. Ha:-. Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ''■-;■ . "
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is >HLKR &- CHASES.
26 2S and 30 O'Farreil St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. I
HAINES BROS.. Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 I'ost st.
WANTED— Six square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
OCR specialty— Best ting stock in San Fran-
cisco. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Ha- St.
VERY" fine Weber for sale cheap; uprights less
than $100. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
iIAN'O, good condition, fine tone, for sale; $75;
no dealers. 2484 Market st.: Monday.
LANO "for sale; $20. 245.4 Market St.; call
Monday. I
AT $127— Stpinwav upright left by party going ;
East. 136 Ellis -*■_ ; j
— *S5- UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also j
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister St.
HEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.* pianos. 216 McAllister st.
—UPRIGHTS, '69 up: installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis. j
. DHMER Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308 j
I'ost St.' ; j
W G BADGER 415 Sacramento St.. agent for I
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil st. ,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid .
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
$60—105 Taylor st.
j;0 — 435 Valencia St.. corner Sixteenth.
$35— Mission St.. near Fifth.
$20—328 Montgomery avenue.
$22 50—836 Howard St.. near Fifth.
$17— 25G First st.
$20—354 Fourth St. ' .'.": ■
$2". — 1119 Harrison St.. corner Langton.
TO let— Corner store, completely furnished for i
grocery and barroom; rent $30. Scott and :
Sutter sts. :
PALMISTRY.
lIME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger- !
main. 11* Geary St., above Jones; classes; 1
office hours. 1 to 8 p. in.; reading by mall. $1. !
PALMIEA Removed to 301 Polk st., cor. Ful- j
ton; readings daily: lectures Monday 8 p. in.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER want.d In florist store; lady or gen-
tleman: good chance for right party. Box
4997, Call.
PERSONALS.
J F SMITH— Come home at once; wife very
sick. " . SID.
CURIO collectors— Wildcat bank note Territory
Nebraska; handsome engraving. Box 908, Call
offlce.
I WILL not be responsible for debts contracted
by my wife, ANNIE ENGEL.
.- v HERRMANN ENGEL.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR.. CREELY*B Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER* Quintonlca is incomparable as a
hair tonic; stimulates the growth; keeps the
hair clean; Ssc bottle. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER always uses Scheffler's Colorine for
the hair; restores color, bleached or gray. $1 50
to $5: cost 75c box: halrdressing, 25c; switches,
$1. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 7..;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market st., under St. Nicholas Hotel. __
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
Mc to $150 per night; $1 50 to $« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 PER week for lady's suit, Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton St., near Broadway.
LIFE insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON, Attorney and Financial
Agent, International Hotel.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHI TANI, 313 Sutter st.
LADIES— Equipoise waist has no equal;
Ypsllantl underwear. PEER'S. 34 Geary St.
$1 60—1000 CARDS, statements, bill or note
heads; catalogue printing. BLEY'S Printing
House, 511 Sacramento st.: tel. Main 1836.
A- LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sans. me st.
RUFTURE. stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine, ah.. Krny.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.,
LAI. tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market St.; open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farreil, bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SLIIGEON'S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1021H Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PSYCHOMETRY-
mCNRY~HARRISON BROWN, psychometrlst;
reads character; gives advice from spirit side
of life: heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — Sale.
fo BE HAP
for your rent money. Cottage of 4 rooms and
bath, desirably situated on Hoffman aye..
near Twenty-second st., in the Heyman
.tract; the agent at our branch office on the
tract will be pleased to slew It to you.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19 Montgomery st.
HEALTH RESORT of San Francisco
We are prepared to sell lots and build novel
cottages on easy terms, at the Ocean boule-
vard. Sunset Beach; we will also rent cars
to families or clubs; our lots are beautifully
located, one block from the cars and the
boulevard, with a superb view of the ocean.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON. owners and build-
ers, 19 Montgomery street.
A— $100; LOTS near music stand, south Bide of
Golden Gate Park.
JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
A— s7s; LOTS 100x115, in the Abbey Homestead,
near San Mateo electric cars; good for
chicken ranches. ..-
JACOB HEYMAN & SON. 19 Montgomery st.
WANTED— To buy two-story building with
outground 75x20. Inquire 430 Sixth st.
A— s7Bso; CHOICEST corner of all: marine and
park view, front and rear, cannot be ob-
structed: 10 large sunny rooms; most ex-
pensively decorated; inlaid floors; mohogany,
cherry and oak mantels; plate glass windows;
very costly 6-light gas fixtures; French
range, heaters, conservatory, etc. Apply to
ALBERT WILFORD, cor. Fulton and Shra-
der sts., from 12 to 4 p. m. ; McAllister or
Hayes-st. cars.
ASHTON & GARDINER. -411 Montgomery st.
Valencia-st. lots; any size; $135 per front
foot: fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third st., corner San Jose aye., with
improvements, $5500.
Second and Silver sts.: corner, with imp-ce-
ments. $6700. ■'■■- ■:'--"
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 41» Montgomery.
FOR SALE— Seven-room modern cottage, lot
60x100, stable and carriage house. 2020 Point
Lobos aye.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
A^C_U^ : K-7H_M^TTO^L_iA_E
In the hills of San Mateo County; 5 miles west
of Stanford University; house of 14 rooms and
baths: hot and cold water, etc.: 25 acres, with
1200 fruit trees; nice grounds; barn, stables,
etc.: delightful roads, trails, woods; fine cli-
mate and water; daily stage; postpfflce;
school, etc. J. H. GILMORE, 321 Montgomery.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1837-58 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California st., S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farm:-.
W. D. HOLCOM _ CO., 20 Montgomery st.
! CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year
RESTAURANTS.
; WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st.: popular price*.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 743 — 3 rooms, lower floor, furnished or
unfurnished; also single; large yard; laundry.
EDDY, 917 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rms.; low rent; private residence; no children.
FILLMORE, 2208. near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
FIFTH. 353— furnished housekeeping, connect-
ing. $13; 2 at $10; hall rooms $4 to $5.
GEARY*. 1917— Parlor, bedroom, dining room,
kitchen, bath, toilet, gas, yard, basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404—3 neatly fur., 2 front,
with closets; hot, cold water ; gas range; bath.
HOWARD, 525— Furnished housekeeping rooms,
with sunny yard, and others; cheap.
HOWARD. 650 Front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping^
HYDE, 320, bet. Eddy and Ellis— sunny fur-
nished rooms; housekeeping.
JESSIE, 478, near Sixth— 2 furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
LARKIN 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny bedroom and
kitchen, furnished, $8 50; 2 unfurnished, $3;
sunny single, furnished, $4. _________
MISSION, 967— Unfurnished and furnished, for
housekeeping; gas, bath; everything new.
MISSION", 1320— Parlor floor, 3 rooms, newly
furnished; sunny; reasonable; single room. $5.
NATOMA, 60—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
sunny yard; $5 75; no children; no dogs.
NATOMA, 701, con Eighth— Sunhy housekeep-
ing rooms, also single, with use of kitchen.
O'FARRELL. 551—3 unfurnished ropms to .let;
separate entrance; also furnished front room.
SUTTER 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable,
TEHAMA, 331—3 or 4 rooms for housekeeping;
bath and stationary washtubs; very reasonbl.
TURK, 201—2 front furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas. bath, running water, gas range;
rent $17: corner house.
WILLOW ay.-.. 10. off Larkin St., near Eddy-
Two furnished housekeeping rooms, $12; no
children. _^
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. nnd In furn.
ABBOTSFORD'(The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
A— BRUNSWICK House lis Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT POLK, 611. bet. Eddy and Turk— Furnished
sunny rms., single, $S to $10; also sunny suite, i
$2.'., with light housekeeping if desired: adults.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; flrst-clt-ss
ln every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; alsp hpkg. rms.; reas.; transient.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY, 303, cor. Jones— Sunny corner bay-win-
dow room reasonable.
EDDY", 473— Large sunny room, nicely furnish-
ed; two closets: running water; also small
■ sunny room, $5 month.
ELEVENTH, 106— Large bay-window room,
suitable for 2 gents; also others.
FOLSOM, 1154 Nice sunny furnished room.
FOURTH, 128*., nr. Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated: choice front rma
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
• rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 657— Fine, sunny, newly furnished
rooms; all conveniences; suitable for two;
private; references.
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL., FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1599.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfurn.
GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator^
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— family
rooming house: $150 to $0 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms. ; elev.; free baths.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up: ref.
LEAVENWORTH, 514— Sunny, newly furnished
rooms, suitable for two gents or single; gas,
bath; private family. ________
MARKET, 7S3H— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; $1 tc $2 50 per week.
MARKET, 1658. opposite Tenth— Comfortable
room, large closet, suitable for 1 or 2, $4 or $5.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— furnished bay-
• window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 208— Nicely furnished rooms: 2
sunny front rooms; second floor; reasonable.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
ROYAL House, 126 Dills st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night,- 35c to $150;
week, $2 to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SECOND. 52. opposite Wells Fargo's— Nice sin-
gle, double and . aousekeeping rms., $1 up.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. Changed hands; sunny furnished
.ms; -$5 and $6; also front room; suitable for
office; $2 week.
SIXTH, 33, nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms;' elevator; transient.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth St., cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver, 965 Folsom, cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single; gas;bath; new mangt.
THIRD. 15, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms In San
Francisco; white lights: extra good beds; chp.
TURK, 509— Furnished sunny rooms, $<* to $7
per month; all conveniences; private family.
TURK, 529— Sunny room, running water, use
of bath, private family, $1 75 week.
VAN NESS aye., Elegantly furnished
rooms, with or without board; telephone Lar-
kin 1064.
YALE. 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites. $5 up: single. $1 50 up.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans and half-
orphans have been received into the orphan-
age from January' 1 to July 1, 1599: Gertie
Sanchez, 7 years; Lizzie Lang, 12 years -
months; Winifred Casutt, 8 years 1 month;
Ruth Isaacs, 2 years; Lilly Isaacs, 3 years;
Louisa Greenwood, 4 years 8 months: Irene
Greenwood, 2 years 10 months; Matilda Lin-
tia, 8 years; Emnia Semoncina, 5 years; Julia
Semoncina, 2 years 10 months; May Welsh.
9 years 2 months: Nora Broderick, 8 years:
Marian Gillian. 11 years 3 months; Veronica
Dineen, 2 years 5 months; Mary Cavan, 2
weeks (foundling); Arthur Davies, 4 years 3
months; Harry Cage. 3 years 4 months; Jo-
seph Charley, 2 years 2 months; Nick An-
drews. 3 years 10 months; Luke Andrews, 6
years 1 month; John James. 3 years 1 month;
Frank James, 6 years; Tommy Pine, 3 years;
George Lintia, 6 years; Fred Eaton, 4 years
6 months; Tommy Thomberg, 5 years 3
months; Alexandra Nelson, 5 years; Frank
Johnson. 4 years 1 month;
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
rr> *••■ -.» -t«-m»rv «t.. moms ->-in- tel n'?o.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The king of all mediums, Prof.
Haley; tells your life from cradle to grave;
50c, $1 up. 106 Taylor st., parlors 3-5.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night at 8:15; sittings
daily, 10 to l. 1809 Stockton st. nr. Greenwich.
AT Friendship Hall, 335 SfcAHister St.; trance
and developing circle today, 2 and S p. m. . 2 ■-.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p.m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Men.. 8: 25c: sittings. «1 233 Valencia st.
_ ___________
storage:.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. _ H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. Tel Black 311.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS!
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a Facrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 homo; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home: 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54500 for a $7000 home: 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
620 Market St., S. F. Bay _t. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
FINE lot on bay shore. ;'..-..
$2200— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot
52x150: near High School and depot; terms, $100
cash. $20 per month.
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
A SNAP— S4OOO for a $6000 place; beautiful
corner. 37x12... for Immediate sale on account
of departure '"or the East; call and examine.
MARCUSE & REMMEL, Ray st. station,
Alameda, or 630 Market st., San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS OR FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN; new house, 5 rooms, bath, pantry:
hot and cold water; folding doors; stationary-
tubs; brick foundation: large lot, 60x120; close
to station, electric cars, stores. schools,
churches: price $1600; only $100 cash, balance
- $15 monthly: get off at Lorin station and ask
for RUDOLPH & PERKINS; office open Sun-
days and evenings.
IN Berkeley- Corner lot: 87x150, with modern
house of " rOOmS; • ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY. .
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE).
$5 MONTHLY rental for a well-equipped
chicken ranch: plenty of Al water on the
place free; in Frultvale, near 3 lines electric
cars and schoolhouse; climate and soil the
very best; perfect drainage: In fact. It Is the
garden spot of Alameda County; will sell
this ranch for $750; if desired, payment as
r.-tit: level lots in Westall Tract, large and
level, for $49 upward: $2 50 cash, $150 month-
ly; call or send for circular, 455 Seventh St.,
Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR sale or rent; large water front factory
building; _ acre land. 105 Park aye., East
Oakland
SNAP— SI2SO cash, balance terms to suit; a new
7-room house, bath; 1 block to local; 40- foot
lot: will pay 7 per cent Interest on $4000; price
$3500. WM. P. TODD ft CO., 1050 Broadway. .
— 4-ROOM cottage, high basement; stable;
nice large lot, etc.; must sell; owner called
away. Apply field realty CO.. 1129 East
Fourteenth st . Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Furniture of 13-room lodging house;
$150. 700 Franklin St.. Oakland.
AN Introduction to you from 11.. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
FRUIT HOUSES.
BEAUTIFUL 4-room cottage; hard-finished;
barn; large chicken house; 10 minutes' ride
from station. 60 minutes from San Francisco;
$7 per month. 807 Filbert St., S. F.
-_..___ ' ,- ' *****
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 95 (500 per
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company
on and after Tuesday, August 1,-1899. Trans-
fer books will close on Wednesday, July 26,
1899. at 3 o'clock n. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
-■:--■.■_-' " ■■',; .-'■■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
George W. Mallet and Alice J. Craig. 34-22
Frank Kopajtieh and Julia Nance 33-2"
Jasper Kel'ley and Lillia I^azackie 41-29
Emmet P. Black and Freda Leppla 3->-22
John Appel and Elizabethta H01dener....... 26-23
Karl A. Nilsson an.'. Hilda C. Anderson.. 37-34
Jules Clerfayt and Maude Davis 27-2.
Henry P. Dorosier and Mary T. F0rd...... 26-23
Silvio Lar.zarini and Leonl Roventini 27-* .
Edward Robinson and Annie F. Brooks . . .3,-l c .
~_mTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
'■ r
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ofhees .and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized" to have the same published.
BORN.
BEHRE— In this city. July 9, 1899, to the wife
of c. IL Behre, a daughter.
BENNECHE— In Lorin, July 15, 1899, to the
wife of Captain K. Benneche, a son.
HENNESSY— In this city. July IS, 1899, to the
wife of Lawrence Hennessy, a daughter.
HEYMES-In this city, July 20, 1899, to the
wife of J. B. Heymes, a son.
MAHAN- In Lorin, July 7, 1899, to the wife of
J H. Mahan, a daughter.
FELL—In Pacific Grove, July 7, 1899, to the
wife of J. A. Pell, a son.
SGROGGS— In this city, July 19, 1599, to the
ylfe of Dr. W. li. Scroggs, **> -" - .
~ MARRIED. '
CORRIGAN— this city, July M, IW,
at the Simpson Methodist Episcopal Church. ,
by the Rev. John Stephens. James Corrigan' i
and Lillian Hiby. both of San Francisco, |
DYSON- WALLIN-In this city, July 19, 1899,
by the Rev. William C. Pond, Charles H. i
Dyson and Agnes M. Wallin. both of San j
Francisco. '
GRACIER-WEDEMEYER-^ln this city. July
18, 1899, by the Rev. F. W.. Fischer, 9. Bert
Grader and Carrie A. Wedemeyer, both of
San Francisco. - o -
RUPPEL— PAPST— In this city. June 28^ 1899.
by the Rev. H. Parrish. Frank C. Ruppel
and Ida N. Papst. both of San Francisco. .
WENDLAW— WASSON— this city July 19.
1899 at St. Pauls Church, by the rector, Rev. ;
W. M*. Reilly, Henry John Wendlaw, M.D., .
and Clara E. Wassui.
■ DIED.
. Brassll, Timothy P. Ohmen. ■?""*,,_-,
Cook. Joseph B. O 'Nelll Jeremiah
Cranston, Jessie Partensky, Julian
l.oil-.r.l Annie E. Peiser, Harry
Green Ma?" E Kan-sin. Francois
HaMiday William W. Rassette Adelaide P.
Johnson. Lars P. '. Bice. John i C.
Kelly, Harriet M. S? S^_i a n^t, 1 ?j
T nn_ Lizzie Rlordan, John J.
T fnrto Ous P Schramm, Mathieu
Mack- v zabeth Sweeney, Harold A.
Melita Emm Whelan, Jeremiah W.
Muller: Gu-dalupe A. WilUford, Frances A.
Noyes, Eben S.
BKASSIL-in this city. July 20, 1899, Timothy
P Brassil, dearly beloved brother of Mrs.
Frank Stafford, a native of Ballylongford,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 35 years.
tr*- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. t°"f ° r ™ w
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 336- Vallejo street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COOK-In this city. July 20, 1,899. at his resi-
dence 1383 Webster street, Joseph 8.. Wlove.
husband of Lizzie Cook, and father of Walter
Cook, a native of San Francisco, aged 39
C ""Notice nf funeral hereafter. -•■-..--.
CRANSTON -In Frultvale. July 19, 1899. Jessie,
beloved wife of Robert A. Cranston, sister
of Mary and Hugh Cameron, and niece of Dr.
and Mrs. A. McFadyen, a native of Canada,
aged 26 years 2 months and 2 days.
try-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) irTll o'clock, from her late resi-
dence?" Bellevuo.avcnue. near J^"-*»SJJ2_
n.ie. Frultvale. Interment private, Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
DOLLARD-ln this city. July 20 1899, Annie
E beloved wife of John Dollar.!, and mo her
of Edward J.. Arthur W. and Robert E. Dol-
lard. a native of Ireland. -
C -"-Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 9:* re
o'clock, from her late residence, 1803 Laguna
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn high requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her. soul, commenc-
ing at 10 ..'.lock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery Please omit flowers.
GREEN-In this city. July 20, 1899, Mary E-.
beloved wife of Charles- W. Green, mother of
Etna T and Mary E. Green, and sister or
Mrs Eliza KlHcline and Mrs. Barsantl. a
native of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
nt the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 787
Mission street.
HALLIDAY-In this city, July 20 1893, *** 11-
-liam Wallace, beloved son of Bella and the
late Joseph S. Halliday. and brother of Jo-
seph K. and Clara E. Halliday, a native of
lowa aged 23 years ."> months and 7 days.
JOHNSON— In this city, July 20. 1899. Lars P..
beloved husband of Augusta Johnson, and
brother of Alfred Johnson, a native of
Sweden, aged 48 years 7 months and 2, days.
KELLY— this city. July 20. 1599. Harriet M.
Kelly dearly beloved sister of Lizzie Kelly,
niece of Agnes Kelly, and cousin of Frank
Redington, a native of Dublin. 'lreland, aged
24 years ~ •' •-
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 9:30 o'clock, rrom 703 Bush
street, corner of Powell, thence to St. Mary's
Church, corner of California and Dupont
streets where a solemn requiem high miss
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LANG—^t the residence of her parents, 1662
Sixteenth avenue. South San Francisco, July
1- 1899, Lizzie, eldest and dearly beloved
daughter of John and Louisa Lang, and sis-
ter of John, August and Emma Lang and the
late Anna Lang, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27' years 8 months and 8 days.
Fri ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, trom the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LINDO-At Angel Island. July 18. 1899, Gus P.
Llndo a native of Sweden, aged 36 years.
C """Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 3 o'clock, at the par-
lors of N. Gray _ Co., 641 Sacramento street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MACK— In this city. July 19. 1899, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Albert C. Mack, and mother
of Fred C. Hacmeister, a native of Phila-
delphia, Pa. (Philadelphia, Pa., papers please
copy.) ",'Y
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of
Mission Chapter No. 155. O. E. <*.. from the
Mission Masonic Temple, 2608 Mission street, '
between Twenty-second ' and Twenty-third.
Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please
omit flowers. '.tf.-tf
MELITA— In the City and County Hospital,
July 20, 1899, Emma Melita, a native of Cali-
fornia, 'aged '.'.'. years.
MILLER—I n Novato. July 20. 1899. Guadalupe
Amanda de Muller, wife of the late Robert
Muller, a native of Acapulco, Mexico, aged
35 years 2 months and 17 days. (Cincinnati,
Ohio, papers please copy.) -
(--"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at the Ma-
sonic Cemetetry.
NOYES— In this city. July 19, 1859, F.ben Stowe
Noyes, a native of Massachusetts, aged 68
years.
OHMEN— this city, July 19, 1899, Julia
Ohmen (nee Higgins). beloved wife of Ber-
nard Ohmen. and beloved mother of Mrs. C.
J. Brophv, Mrs". M. Morris, Mrs. C. Hirchey
and Gertrude, John E.. Joseph H., William O.
and the late Matthew P. Higgins, a native of
County Waterford, Ireland, aged 53 years and
8 months. ' *
(■"-""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
.Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 310 Day street, between Twenty-ninth
and Thirtieth, thence to St. Paul's Church for
services at 2 o'clock. Intetrment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery- '
O'NEILL— In this city. July 20, 1899, Jeremiah,
beloved son of Kate and the late Dennis
O'Neill, and brother of Dennis O'Neill, Mrs.
W. Darcey and the late John O'Neill, a na-
tive of Fall River, Mass., aged 24 years 4
months and 20 days.
PARTENSKY"— At Boulder Creek, July 19. 1899,
Julian Hobson, infant son of Julian and An-
nie Partensky, a native of Boulder Creek,
aged 8 months.
PEISER— In this city, July 19, 1898, Harry' Pei-
ser, beloved brother of Mrs. Charles Kalisky,
Mrs. E. Rosenberg and Bertha, Lizzie and
Sol Peiser, a native of San Francisco, aged
(0 years 5 months and 22 days.
■>(r_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1711 Buchanan street, between Post
and Sutter, and thence by carriages to Hills
of Eternity Cemetery' for interment.
OFFICERS and members of the Congregation
Sherith Israel are requested to attend the
funeral of our late member, Harry Peiser,
this day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from 1711
Buchanan street.
LOUIS BROWN President.
ALEXANDER L. BADT, Secretary.
RAMSIN— In this city, Francois, beloved hus-
band of Marie Ramsln, and uncle of Eugene
Martin, a native of France, aged 85 years.
(-""""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from .his late resi-
dence, 8 Lynch street, between Leavenworth
and Hyde streets, thence to Notre Dame dcs
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln .ichooL
Telephone South 80.
_■_■■—■■ __■__—__ ■_*_—— -__—■—_■ __—■—■"■—.
1 McAVOY «fc CO.,
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
I „35 Market St., between Bth and 9th.
8 Telephone. South 247.
_■"*' MB— M- ■ it. „!!__»—■_.___— T—*"--i — _ , .
Victoires French Church, where services will
be held. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RASSETTE— In this city, July 20, 1539, Ade-
. laide Pepin Rassette, beloved wife of J. ■">.
Rassette, a native of Montreal, Canada. .
t"_""FUneral services will be held to-morrow
(Saturday), at the Church of Notre Dame dcs
Victoires, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. ;.'■»-
RICE— In Ontario. Or., July 16, 1899, John C,
beloved son of James M. and Emma Cella The-
resa Rice, beloved husband of Oiie Rice, and
father of Angelo, Dell and Earl Rice, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 44 years and 9
months.
("-""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited* to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
J. I. Rice. 2824 Mission street, thence to St.
.Tames Church, corner Twenty-third and Guer-
rero streets, where services will be held at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery, private.
RIORDAN— In this city, July 20. 1899, John J.,
beloved son of the late Garrett and Kate
Rlordan, and brother of' Charles, Eugene and
the late Richard Rlordan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years and 2 months.
IT"?" ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4181 Twenty-fifth street, near Castro,
thence to St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a' solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSE— Near Lakevllle, Sonoma County. Cal.,
July 19, 1899, James Russell Rose, beloved
father of Mrs. 11. W. Nicholson and Mrs. F.
L. Gray, a native of Ohio, aged 69 years and
, 9 months.
"•"""""■"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), from his late residence, after
arrival of morning train from San Francisco
at Reclamation. Carriages will meet friends
at Reclamation station at 9:30 o'clock train.
Services at 10 o'clock. Interment Petaluma.
SCHRAMM— In Oakland. July 20, 1599, Mathieu,
beloved son of M. H. and Ellse Schramm, a
native of Germany, aged 52 years and 27 days.
SWEENEY"— In this city, July 19, 1899, Harold
A., dearly beloved son of John A. and Lizzie
Sweeney, and brother of Minnie, Charles,
j Graver, Willie and Raymond Vocke, a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 months.
(""""■""■" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to the funeral this day .Fri-
day), at 10 o'clock, from the. residence of his
i parents, 486 Eighth street. Interment private,
in Mount Calvary Cemetery-
; WHELAN— this city. July 20. 1899, Jeremiah
W., husband of Margaret' Whelan, and father
of Mary, John, Jeremiah and Charles Whe-
lan,. Mrs J. Kelly and Mrs. D. Smith, a na-
tive of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 60 years.
BTTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock,* from his late resi-
dence, 311 Bryant street, thence to St. Bren-
' dan's Church,, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WILLIFORD— In this city, July 20, 1899, Fran-
ces Adeline, beloved wife of Thomas WilU-
ford, mother of Howard, Gertie, Flora, Ethel
and Ray WilUford. and sister of Mrs. Kittle
Walker, a native of Michigan, aged 39 years
and 9 months.
HOTEIi ARRIVALS.
GRAXD HOTEL.
J J Jensen, Lakeview M Blum, Martinez
Miss L A Lenfest, Cal A J Rockwell, Chicago
W J Rainey & w, Mich C II de Roulet & w,
R J Phillips, Cal I L Ang
J G Irwin, Pa IJ E Shellenberger, U
Mrs J Walters &d, Cal S V
J X Lav. Palo Alto ,F W Foxworthy. XT S V
C X Champion, Cal 'J R Hereford, CSV
Mrs W Mack, Charles- F Mayo & w, Bolinas
town |J Thomann, Cal
II M Hill, Helena 'G W Ade. L Ang
B 1' Barker, Livermore R A Plant, S Cruz
It (J Eckes, Kingman ,M P Gossett, w & c,
O Scribner Fresno I Mcx
Mrs A C flewellen, O J P O'Brien & w. Cal
T <; Smith, X* V A J Regan. Cal .
.; S Shield, X V J Rummelsburg. Cal
N .' Darrow, Tex J Brennan, Ga
Mrs T -Mullen. Tex A G Havens, N V
B Manlev, Chicago W R Britton, X J
F .; Smith, Miss B S Wlnana. Denver
T Hughes, L Ang J M Peart & w, Cal
E Strasburg. L Ang J P Orstott, Yuba
Miss M Banks, O iJ _ Patrick, Tex
E Miner. Cal X Green, Watsonville
J J Hopaley. HI W F Parker, L Ang
J E Boyenton ,& w, J Lopez, St Louis
Hampton |W T Heffernan, L Ang
M C Isaacs, Chicago |Mlss J Thompson, C a l
R E Morrow & w, Cal Miss Hyde, Oakland
A O Rich, X V X W Peterson, w & b,
Mrs S M Montgomery, Fresno
Chicago Mrs & Miss Danielson,
Miss Babcock, 111 : Xeb
G F Stevenson, SO I Rudee, Ukiah
Miss H Struthers. Cal M S Gordon. Tex
Miss L Yates, c a I A F Codington, X M
E 3 Stanton, L Ang Mrs O'Connor, Cal
H B Gardner, Minn Miss Stevens. Cal
Q H Stewart, L Aug L J Starr, Stockton
E M Wilson. Vallejo Captain Cunningham,
Mrs H L Grenfel, Colo Shanghai
Mrs C F O Peterson, I Strap. Paris
Denver Misses 3 ft J Brown, 111
Mrs M Bowman. Idaho V Harrison &w, Cal
Springs . I
PALACE HOTEL
J F Hendricks. Butte J Flint Jr. San Juan
• J F Davis, Jackson II E Hays, X V
A B Sampson Arizona Miss 1" Means, < - al
M Edgar Chicago ' Miss Sargeant, Ga
W E Powers, X V Henry Frank, X V
I) C O'Reilly, Portld Mrs II Frank, X V
Mrs I. Redston, Chgo L F Vetter, Los Ang
C J King, Sacto A A'ehmeyer. Chicago
G L Yon Wedelstaat, :R II Vehmeyer, Chgo
San Mateo M Dlnkelsplel, N O
R H Walker. UR X Mrs M Dlnkelspell, X O
II O Kerrigan. USA Mrs T E Hughes, Mcx
C II Hopkins. Cal F A Fitzpatrick. Bostn
Mrs C H Hopkins, C a l II Hasse. Hamburg
Emma S Barker. Col Mrs II Hasse, Hambrg
O C Thompson, Xebr Mrs 0 O Howard,
Mrs O C Thompson, i Hamburg ...-••'•■-'
Xebr ■•■' ■-■■'-• .E S Barney. Amador
WX Chamberlln.Wash T J Field, Monterey
Mrs W X Chamberlln, Mrs T J Field. Mnterey
■Wash I Win Macdonald, Cal
E H Wheeler. Denver Mrs Wm Macdonald,
P Swanson, Xebr ', Cal "_...'*-
Mrs p Swanson. Xebr P J Finn, Washington
; R Clover, 0 S X L B Smith. Washtngtn
i Mrs R Clover. USX |P D Martin. (*al
E C Mix. X V !W J Cahill, X V
Mrs E C Mix. X V Max Frieldander. Chgo
M A Elsel. Ark ,*V E Minor & wf, X C
Mrs M A Elsel, Ark I Miss G Starks. X C
E T Stim*-on, Los Ang 'Miss E Starks, X C
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
K. W. Brown of Oil City is registered
at the Lick.
Louis F. Vitter of Los Angeles is a guest
at the Palace.
J. Phillips of Reno, Nev., is registered
at the California.
W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Modesto,
is a guest at the Lick.
Jesse D. Cair, the Salina3 capitalist, is
staying at the Occidental.
Thomas A. Hender of the Town Council
of Sonora is a guest at the Lick.
W. B. Chamberlin, a traveler from Lon
don, is a guest at the Occidental.
E. S. Barney, a mining man of Amador
County, is a guest at the Palace.
S. Strop of Paris arrived from China
yesterday and went to the Grand.
M. Blum, a large warehouse man of
Martinez, is a guest at the Grand.
W. R. Spaulding, a .wealthy lumber man
of Truckee, is a guest at the Lick.
Captain Cunningham of Shanghai ar
rived yesterday and went to the Grand.
G. M. Francis, a newspaper man of
Napa," is at the Occidental with his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Hopkins have re
turned from Castle Crag and are at the
Palace.
Dr. Nat Green, one of the leading phy
sicians of Watsonville. is registered at
the Grand-
Charles Erickson, the well-known and
wealthy contractor of San Luis Obispo,
is at the Lick. : ;
Mr. and Mrs!. W. N. Chamberlain of
Washington, D. C, are among the late
arrivals at the Palace.
T. J. Field, banker and capitalist, of
Monterey, is at the Palace. Mrs. Field
accompanies her husband. -'*_".-';-
Benjamin P. Parker, a well-known fruit
grower of Livermore, is at the Grand,
where he arrived yesterday. , ■ .• V
Thomas J. Flint Jr. has again come up
to the city from his home in San Juan
and is staying at the Palace. "
Two members of the State Board of
Equalization— A. Brown of Milton andLF.
A. Toland of Ventura— are staying at the
Lick. . «. tftf
Mrs. Kingdon of New York, mother-in
law of George Gould, is at the Palace, on
her way home after a pleasure trip to the
Orient.
John Thormann, a wealthy vineyardist
of St. Helena, is among those who arrived
in the city yesterday and registered at
the Grand.
J. D. Mactavish, manager of the Hong
kong and Shanghai Bank at Nagasaki,
arrived on the America Maru and yester
day went to the Occidental.
Mrs. E. S. Stevens, Mrs. H. D. Porter
and family and Dr. and Mrs. Wagner, a
party of missionaries, arrived from the
Orient yesterday, where they have been
for several years. ' : ' . _» .*,
Lieutenant yon Schleith, a young Ger
man army officer, who has been spending
some time in the Orient, arrived yester-
REGISTRAR'S
REPORT SHOWS
BIG DEFICIT
Interesting Statistics
Presented.
A COMPARISON OF VOTES
.____» —
THE CITY'S ELECTORS COME
FROM EVERY CXIME.
. - ___ -»
A Table Showing the Increase in the
Ballot Since 1878 and Illustrat
ing San Francisco's Cos
mopolitan Population.
Registrar Steppacher has filed with the
Board of Supervisors his report of the
affairs and finances of his office for the
past fiscal year. With it he presented
an Interesting table of the annual vote
since IS7S, when the first purity of elec
tions law went into effect. Incidentally
his report shows a deficit of over $8900.
Th"» table Is appended:
Number of
Precincts.
Total
Votes.
Character of Election.
Date of Election
June 19, IS7S
May 7. 1579
September 3, 1579
March 30, ISKO
September 8, 1880
November 2, 1880....
September 7, 1881
November 7, ISS2
March 3, ISS3
November 4, 1^4. ...
November 2. ISS6
April 12, ISB7
November 6, iw
November 4, 1890....
November 8, 1892
November 6, 1*94
November 3, 1*96
December 27, 1897
May 26. IS9S
November 8, 1598....
136
136
136
136
136
152
152
is:
152
164
17«
176
176
arn>
875
293
313
- 94
94
303
27.098
38,034
41,575
80,877
23,398
41.292
83,216
89,102
15.76*
47. ::.'.:.
45,716
25.959
56,813
:.:..:.'•.."
60,790
61,548
$4,820
28,202
26,988
55.276
Delegates to Constitutional Convention
Adoption new Constitution
General '•
Freeholders -
Charter
Presidential ,
Municipal
General
Charter •
Presidential
General
Amendments and Charter
Presidential
General
Presidential
General
Presidential
Freeholders
Charter
General
The nativity of electors who were on
the register on June 30, 1899, was as fol
lows:
United States, 37,243; Ireland, 8444; Germany,
7190: England, 2320; Canada, 1186; Sweden, 880;
Scotland, 763; Italy, 736; France 595; Denmark,
645; Switzerland, 407; Russia, 337: Norway, 298;
Austria, 245: Australia. 227; Poland. 140: Wales,
132; Holland, 75; Portugal, 72; Belgium, 68;
Hungary, 59; Prince Edward Island, 51; Mexico,
49; Finland, 43; West Indies. 41; Chile, 26; New
Zealand, 26; Greece, 20; South America, IS;
Spain, 16; at sea, 16; Newfoundland, 15: Sand
wich Islands, 15; Turkey, 14: Bohemia. 13; Rou
mania. East Indies, New South Wales. South
Africa, each 11; Peru, 8; Tahiti. 6; Japan and
Malta, each 4*. Argentine Republic and China,
each 3; A*la, Gibraltar, Philippine Islands,
each 2; Cyprus, Central America, Oalmatia,
Iceland. Java Macoa, Shetland Islands, each 1.
Total for foreign countries, 25,167; grand total,
62,410.
The expenses for the year, including
$3896 51 already incurred for the primary
election, aggregate $164,413 49, distributed
as follows:
Assistant clerks. $40,443 53; attorneys' fees an.l
costs, $1717 50; advertising. $6506 50: blackboard,
$10; car fare and buggy hire. $669 75: city direc
tories $20; candles, etc. $87 50; cartage, $42 60;
canvas cover for carpet, $25; delivery and re
turn of election supplies, $484 80; election offi
cers $36,660; expenses Registrar's messenger at
Sacramento, $40; janitor, extra service, $30; of
ficial tally clerks, $2700; postage. $S2O; posting
election notices, $74 28; rubber stamps. $244 60;
rent of typewriter and supplies, $lal 84; repair
ing office vault, furniture and warehouse, $21*5;
surveying. $303; telephone service, $119: locks for
ballot boxes, $38 40: incinerating old ballots.
$12 50; Incidentals, $175; overhauling, furnishing,
erecting and removing election booths, $80-3 i->,
storage. $600; insurance, $140; salaries precinct
registration officers, $36,360; rents. $303.: print
ing and stationery. $3070 16: official ha lots.
$2573 85; printing precinct registers, $9049 30;
binding same for office use, $202.
RECAPITULATION.
Salaries fixed by law. $6600: office expenses.
$1166 50; expenses of general election held No
vember 8. IS9" $152,950 $0; expenses pf-eparlng
for primary election. $3686 51; total for fiscal
year, $164,413 91; appropriation, $1*6.100; deficit,
$8313 91.
o_^3>_«_ <9> -♦- $> _♦- <*> -♦- *-♦-<?> -•-<£-*■ •
day on the America Maru and is now reg
istered at the Palace.
H. A. Keller of Philadelphia returned
from Manila yesterday on the America
Maru and is staying at the Palace. Mr.
Keller's trip was undertaken for the pur
pose of looking into the mining possi
bilities of the country.
Assistant Superintendent George T.
Murphy of St. Louis, Mo., who was man
ager of the National Educational Asso
ciation for this State, has arrived from
Los Angeles on a short visit to this city.
He is at the Lick, where he will remain
until he departs for home, going by way
of Seattle and other points of interest in
the north.
At the Occidental there registered yes
terday A. Carleton of Washington, D. C.
Mr. Carieton is special agent of the De
partment of Agriculture of the United
States exhibit at the Paris Exposition.
Mr. Carleton speaks with the highest
praise of the way California is proceeding
with her exposition matters. He compli
ments the local commission, which he
says is the only State organization of the
kind that he has cognizance of, and it he
finds so capable to perform the duties in
trusted to its charge that he --.ill leave
all matters pertaining to the agricultural
display of this State entirely in its hands,
as he feels that nowhere else could the
Interests of California be so well pro
tected.
Among the arrivals on the Portland the
other day was "Billy" O'Connor, son of
the well-known mining man. As soon as
Billy landed he went to the Palace and,
getting the where thai, started out to
procure those delights to which his
long sojourn among the desolate ice
| bergs of the north so well entitles him.
j A few minutes afterward the clerk at the
| desk was approached by a couple of mm
I ing men who had not seen civilization for
! years. "Have you seen anything of Mr.
| O'Connor?" they asked. The clerk an-
I swered that he had just left. "Well, we
j must find him," they remarked. "He is
j a good boy and we don't want him to get
the worst of it in this big city." And they
hurried away on their quest. Those who
know young Mr. O'Connor will appreciate
j the humor of this little occurrence. That
was two days ago. Billy is at home and
■ happy. Friends of the mining men have
private detectives out looking for them.
Miss Mould and Miss Van Buren Of the
Frawley Company are having troubles of
their own. Some days ago Miss Mould
remarked that she thought she was a lit
; tle too slender and Miss Van Buren said
1 she thought she herself was something
! like twenty pounds" over weight. A re
i porter, basely taking advantage of these
j maidenly confidences, published the in-
I teresting though delicate facts, and ever
i since the story came out there has been
I nothing but patent medicine men, mas-
I sage artists and physical culture special
j ists thronging the corridors of the Cali
fornia and sending their cards up to the
i two unfortunate actresses, in the hope of
I reaping a little money and a great deal
of advertisement. The two ladies finally
hit on the plan of having Hope Ross re
ceive all visitors. • Miss Ross has a figure
that is as near perfection as anything the
: divinity ever bestowed upon a mortal.
• She impersonates the others. The agent
sends up his card, is admitted to an audi
! ence, gazes in chagrin at the figure he
I cannot improve and retires defeated and
j humiliated. - -
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON, July 20.— I. Scott of
San Francisco is at the Shoreham. Wil
liam A. Handy and wife of San Francisco
are at the Wellington. F. N. Foster of
Los Angeles is at the Metropolitan. •;
A Small Fire.
A two-story frame dwelling at 1036 San-
chez street, owned by T. Scatena and oc
cupied by E. North, and an unoccupied
frame building adjoining, owned by Mrs.
M. A. Ross were damaged by fire yester
day morning to the extent of $500. Matches
and mice are supposed to have started the
blaze.
Court Notes.
Samuel Smith, engineer on the Ferries
and Cliff House line, appeared in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday on the charge
of manslaughter for causing the death of
Charles Salori and by consent the case
was continued until to-morrow, pending
the result of the Coroner's inquest.
Ben Zimmerman, the crippled ex-mes
senger boy, who was arrested at the
Boiler-makers' picnic for being a lookout
for pickpockets, was convicted by Judge
Mogan yesterday on the charge of vag
rancy and ordered into custody to appear
for sentence this morning.- .. .
Richard Richardson, a peddler, convict
ed by Judge Mogan on the charge of ob
taining money by false pretenses trom
Joseph Swefttman, grocer. 812 Sixth street,
by selling a bag of sand tor sugar to him.
was yesterday sent to the County Jail
for three months.
Marcella Toledo, a Filipino, was con
victed about three weeks ago by Judge
Mogan for playing stud-horse poker in
his house on Natoma street, along with
seven others. The Judge intimated that
he would impose a fine of $30 upon Toledo,
but allowed him to go on his own recog
nizance till he could get the money. * His
case lias teen called several times since,
but he failed to appear, and a bench war
rant was issued for his arrest. Wednes
day night he was caught playing fantan
in Chinatown and the bench warrant was
yesterday served on him in the City
Prison: He told the Judge he played fan
tan to win enough money to pay the tine
of $30. He will appear in court to-day.
Morris Ratter, an employe of the union
Iron Works, appeared in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday on a charge of petty lar
ceny and the case was dismissed. Ratter
was caught Wednesday evening on the
army transport dock at Folsom street
with a quantity of Government tobacco
in his possession. Ratter told the Judge
that ne had never been in trouble before
an.l was allowed to go. , *
Suit was filed yesterday by the Ger
mania Trust Company against Assessor
Dodge to test the validity ot the assess
ment upon bonds of quasi-public corpora
tions. The plaintiff paid $90 30 under pro
test on five "WOO bonds of the North Pa
cific Coast Railroad and now seeks to re
cover the sum on the ground that the
assessment was illegal.
KILLED HERSELF.
Mrs. Frances Williford, Mother of a
Family, Fell a Victim to Her
Own Folly.
Mrs. Frances Adeline Williford of 312
Brannan street, near Fourth, died at 6
o'clock yesterday morning under suspi
cious circumstances. Dr. William Bell of
131 Powell street reported the case to the
Coroner and the body was taken to the
Morgue.
When Dr. Bell was called in he found
evidences that a criminal operation had
been performed, and in order to protect
himself from suspicion he secured the at
tendance of Dr. Sobey of 3424 Twentieth
street. Mrs. Williford made an oral state
ment in presence of the doctors and her
sister. Mrs. Kittie- Walker, that she was
responsible for her injuries.
The dead woman was 40. years old and
left four children, the eldest of whom is
a daughter 18 years old. Her husband i.<
a hard-working man. and the family is
very poor. An inquest will be held this
morning.
In the Divorce Court.
Fannie Bell Heinecke was granted a di
vorce from her husband. Paul Heinecke,
by Judge Bahrs yesterday on the ground
of cruelty. The plaintiff was allowed to
resume her maiden name, Chrisman. Mrs.
Antoinette Sambuck was granted a di
vorce from John Sambuck on the ground
of failure to provide. Max Cohen baa
sued Hulda Cohen for a divorce, alleging
cruelty as a cause of action. Annie Kelly
asks for a divorce from James Kelly on
the ground of failure to provide. "William
J. McCarthy has sued Katherine McCar
thy, alleging infidelity as cause of com
plaint. Suits for divorce on the ground of
desertion have been filed by Alice M.
Thompson against Walter S. Thompson,
Joseph H. Hecht against Christina Hecht,
Minnie Lee against Millard Lee and Ame
lia A. Nutter against Ira J. Nutter.
jSkff mfimit £€;__:__-}.
SELBORNE SCHOOL
For Boys,
SAN RAFAEL.
This school will reopen on August 29, with
handsome new buildings heated by steam and
lighted by electricity. Every pupil has sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
stoves no flues In boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a fire-proof school. For catalogues,
testimonials and references apply to the prin-
cipal. REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San
Rafael. -
HOITT'S SCHOOL,
MENLO PARK. SAN MATEO COUNTY. CAfc..
la rebuilding with all modern improvement*.
Will be thoroughly equipped and begin lv
ninth year August 15th. Beautiful surround-
ings, home Influences. Offers superior advan-
tage* for the care and thorough training ot
boys. Accredited at the universities.
IRA Q. HOITT, Ph. P.. Principal.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL,
SAN MATEO, FOUNDED A. D. 1866.
by the late Rev. Alfred Lee Brewer, D.D.
For catalogue and illustrated circular address
REV. W. A. BREWER, A. 8.,
Rector and Head Master.
COLLEGE NOTRE DAME.
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA
• Will resume studies on WEDNESDAY, August
2, 1899.
SACRED HEART ACADEMY
MENLO PARK.
CONDUCTED BY THE LADIES OF THE
Sacred Heart. Term opens August 2d. For
particulars apply to the MOTHER SUPERIOR.
UNIVERSITY ACADEMY,
ALAME
tftf. A SELECT SCHOOL FOR BOYS.
Next term begins on TUESDAY, August 8.
W. W. ANDERSON, Principal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladles. 2126 California St.. San Francisco. Will
reopen August 7. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children. Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B CHURCH. A. M.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.— Grants
diplomas and confers degrees. Rare oppor-
tunities offered in music, art and elocution.
One hour from San Francisco. Write for
catalogue to Mrs. C. T. Mills. President.
Mills College P. 0.. Alameda Co.. Cal.
Thirty-third year. Fall term Opens August
2, 1839. ■ . .
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte. vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stam-
• mering corrected: 15 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue, Odd Fellows' bldg. S. F.
1112
REINCARNATION OF A
BUSH-STREET BOSS
Sara Rainey Is High in the Favor
of the Examiner
scheme to Send Hearst to the U. S. Senate— Phelan a
Rival — Assembly District Meetings To-Night
to Organize Republican Clubs,
Sam Rainey, once the despised boss
of the Fan Francisco Democratic polit
ical machine. is now the trusted ally
of the Examiner. Gavin McNab, whose
praises were sung by the Examiner, is
no longer exalted as an apostle of pu
rity and reform.
Committeemen belonging to Jasper
McDonald's band of one hundred, the
five score whose authority to boss the
party in San Francisco was derived
from the Democratic Stat-' Central
Committee, cannot understand why
Gavin Mcl Stab gets the cold shoulder
and Rainey the confidence of. the Ex
aminer.
To account for the change of front
and the reappearanoe of Rainey as con
fidential adviser of the Examiner, the
story is told that "A*. R. Hearst desires
to be elected United States Senator from
California. The insiders know . that
Hearst entertains no admiration for
Mayor Phelan, and both the outsiders
and insiders know that the Mayor's re
gard for Hear.-- is too slight for calcu
lation. I: is obvious to all who care
to study the drift of politics under the
•surface that Mayor Phelan is in train
ing for the United States Senate. He
expects that the Democratic party will
come day be restored to power in Cali
fornia, and that during the restoration
a Senator may be chosen.
Phelan has lungs, money and ambi
tion. He is not destitute of brains or
lacking In self-esteem. As an all
around talker and a liner-up he can
hold his own with the hardiest of the
rounders. Hearst does not care to in
vite a controversy with a young man
possessing all these accomplishments,
He add prefer to see Phelan destroy
himself by getting on a high horse and
riding rough shod over the regular or
ganization of the party. A sagacious
politician affirms that this is the mean
ing of the Itainey-Examiner combine.
Phelan is to be puffed up, lauded and
heralded as a leader above the party.
In the fullness of his pride he will de
mand the right to name the tick of
the regular convention, and failing to
obtain this prerogative will head an in
dependent movement.
Hearst would be highly pleas- at
th,- sight of Phelan bolting th.- conven
tion and joining th independents. A
candidate for United States Senator
must show a clean record of fidelity to
the party. Bolters seldom win the Sen
atorial prize. Even Republicans who
often treat the party lash with scorn
do not forget hat D. M. Burns Joined
the N. n-Partisans, and that his treach
ery gave to the Democrats the Legis
lature which elected Stephen M. White
to the United States Senate.
If Phelan could be forced into the at
titude of a bolter through the smooth
work of Rainey and the Examiner,
Hearst would consider that a great
point had been gained. It is well un
derstood that Hearst expects the Ex
aminer to secure for him a pliable dele
gation from California to the next
Democratic national convention. Ru
mor has reached the Committee of One
Hundred that Hearst wants a delega
tion that can be used by Boss I broker.
The alliance of Rainey and the Ex
aminer is the leading topic of discussion
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ItP U II L fifl BVS fie U
WITH ECZEMA
Baby's Skin Red and Raw. Doc-
tor's Medicine was Painful and
Useless. A Stranger Advised
CUTICURA. Cured in a Month,
with Skin Smooth and Fair.
My llttlo daughter, when six months old,
broke out with Eczema. 1 look her to a doctor
and he pronounced it " Moist Eczema," and
prescribed for her. She screamed when I put
the medicine on her. and I stopped using it.
It was indeed very painful. Her skin was all
red and raw, and moisture coming from it all
the time. A perfect stranger to mo advised
me to use Ccticura. remedies. I got Ccti-
CT__ Soap and Cfxictrn..- (ointment), and
they entirely cured her ■within a month. She
is twenty-three months old to-day, and her
skin is like a piece of silk, and fair as a lily.
Mas. E. J. KANE, 815 Ohio Aye.,
Oct. 7, 1898. Kansas City, Kan.
PIMPLES m I" -UTiCiM SOAP
I commenced to get pimples and black-
heads when I was fifteen years old. My face
was covered. I spent about ten dollars for
soaps, medicine, etc., but they never did me
any good. I used CtTiccaA Soap for two
weeks, the pimples and blackheads began to
disappear, and it only took three -cakes of Cn-
tiocba Soap to cure my lace of those homely
pimple". JOSEPH I'". CLAMER,
Sept. 21, 98. 327 Court St., Elizabeth, N. J.
My face was covered with a pimply, rup-
Cured, a id Itching skin. Alter using Citi-
cr*i"A Soap for six week-sal! t be pimples went
away, my skin get! Ing a ; soft as velvet.
H.CROME, -J2Z Meiro"-o St., Chicago, 111.
Sept. 21, 1898.
Itchin-; hnr-ors. torturing, disfiguring ecrsmas, snd
OTery specie; of itching, burning, ;-3.y, crusted, mnd
pimply •kin sr.d *•_!;• _*e_e«, r-':lh dry, thin, «:id fill-
ing l.air, Instantly relieved by wem baths with Ccn-
ciea Soap, senile anointings with < [."nctm*. purest of
e_o:l'rnt rkin cures, en'l mild doses or CCTICTIU lII-
f-or.v_NT, tfrf-o'e.t of blood DuriSers end hemor --.--j.
when a!! clac fails.
Boldthronrl v.TI.J. "•••tti n Dri-i '""'' '"*'•
ro'.'-.tf': •' •*--• '- ' '-'■■•-•■»-.
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location of
Government
tod
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unsurveyed.
F. A. HYDE,
415 .Mont£onn-ry St.. San Francisco.
■■■■■:•:■:■ • .■.-'■ -■■•■
in the ranks of the Democratic push:
Only eleven months ago the Examiner
exhausted its resources of display type
to proclaim that Rainey, the infamous,
was politically dead for all time. There
was more glee in the Examiner office
over the political death of Rainey than
the birds exhibited over the killing of
Cock Robin.
In big bold letters across a page of
seven columns the Examiner pro
claimed
•"RAINEY IS MAKING HIS
DEATH STRUGGLE AT SACRA
MENTO."
"M'NAB WILL HEAD THE
FORCES AGAINST HIM."
Again in big type running across two
pages the Examiner announced:
"BOSS RAINEY. CREATURE
OF THE RAILROAD AND SUGAR
TRUST, FIERCELY FIGHTING
AGAINST A CLEAN TICKET."
In the Examiner of August 20, 1898,
Rainey's political obituary was thus
published:
THE PASSING
OF SAM RAINEY,
ONCE THE BOSS
Sam Rainey has passed into politi
cal history. High up on the scroll of
those on whom the Democracy of Cal
ifornia has stamped the mark of dis
honor his name *is inscribed. The peo
ple have kicked him into the outer
darkness. He has joined his old part
ner, Buckley, in the colony of polit
ical pariahs from which no man re
turneth.
The Examiner has fought Rainey
ism ever since the boss of the Bush
street stable tried to put on the man
tle which had been torn from the
shoulders of Buckley. It took years
to overthrow that chief among* polit
ical bosses . Buckley was infamous
but able; his successor was simply
infamous.'"
The foregoing is but a sample of a
! big lot of P-ainey roasts in the Exami-
I ncr of last August. This man Rainey,
i who is now the ally and confidential
| adviser of the Examiner, is the same
i old boss of the Bush street stable, who
had tlje infamy but not the ability of
Buckley. His hand is in the politics of
j every Assembly district of San Fran
! Cisco, and no name is placed on the
1 Examiner slate without the advice and
i consent of the resurrected and saintly
Sam. There is no question as to the
identity of the boss. He is not, how
ever, doing politics at the old stand.
He has moved from the Bush street
stables to the Examiner office.
MEETINGS TO-NIGHT.
A Republican Club to Be Or-
ganized in Each As-
sembly District.
To-night In each of the eighteen As- I
sembly districts of San Francisco there
will be a meeting to organize a club un- i
der the auspices of the Republican Coun- :
ty Committee. The meeting will be cal 1 id
to-order in each district at 8 o'clock by \
the committeemen representing *.he dis
trict. It Is proposed that a permanent
organization shall be effected by the elec
tion of a preside) I and secretary and an
enrolling committee of five members The
roll of each club will be kept open at a
convenient place between the hours of 8
and 10 p. m. for six successive days sue- j
ceeding the organization.
Friday evening, July 28, each club will I
meet to elect five delegates to an advisory !
central club, which shall be representa
tive of the district organization. The del
egates to said central club will meet and
organize Wednesday, August 2, at 8 p. m.
It Is the duty of every good Repub
lican of San Francisco to enroll his nam.
on the regular Republican Club of his I
district. A special effort should be made 1
by Republicans to attend the meeting
this evening and take part in the pre*
liminary organization. Good government
can be obtained if 'he citizens will give
time to the consideration of public af
fairs. Plainly, therefore, it is the 'duty j
of Republicans who desire that the city
shall be honestly and efficiently governed -
to attend the meeting in their respective
districts. If they remain at home, round- :
ers, heelers and place seekers may gain
a position of advantage at the outset of
the municipal campaign.
The following places of meeting have
been designated by the Republican Coun
ty Committee:
Twenty-plg-hth District— Loagrue of the Cross
armor" . Second and Foi Som.
Twenty-ninth District - Becker's Hall, 14 '
Third street.
Thirtieth District— Crusaders* Hall. Pythian
Castle, 909 Market street
Thirty-first District— Excelsior Hall, Eighth
and Folsom streets.
Thirty-second District— Brannan etreet,
between Sixth and Seventh.
Thirty-third District— Maennerbund Hall, !■•.
trei avenue and Twenty-fourth street.
Thirty-fourth District— Mission turn Varein
Hall, Eighteenth street, between Valencia and
Guerrero.
Thirty-fifth District— Valencia street, be
tween Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth.
Thirty-sixth District— Rolander'a Hall, Twen
ty-eighth and Church streets.
Thirty-seventh Din rut Mowry's Hall, Ivy
avenue and Eaguna street.
Thirty-eighth District 1032 Golden Gate ave
nue. —-
Thirty-ninth District— Turn ".'.-rein Hall, 323
Turk street.
Fortieth District— Bear Hall, Post and Fill- '
more streets.
Forty-first District— Hall, Polk and j
Pacific Streets.
Forty-second District— Argonaut Hall, Cali
fornia an.l Hyde streets.
Forty-third District— California Hall. 620 Bush
rtreet.
Forty-fourth District — Washington-square
Hall, Union street.
Another Faction Organizes.
The Thirty-first District Democratic
Club was organized last night at Wurth
mann's Hall, 25 Tenth street. The follow
ing officers were elected: President, W.
J. G. Muhl; first vice president. Sam New
mann; second vice president, Benjamin
YVurthmann; financial secretary, M. J.
Silva: ' recording secretary, M. Cellar
treasurer, B. Sharkey; Bergeant-at-arma',
James H. Kennedy.
Democrats Elect Officers.
The Young Men's Democratic Club of
the Seventieth Primary District met last
night at Turn Verein Hall. Many new
members signed the roll. Speeches were
made by Edward McCabe, Dr. Leek and
M. Schultz. The following officers were
elected: President, M. J. Flanagan; vice
president, W. _>*. Batter sby; secretary, R.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, JULY 21, 1899.
CALL'S GUESTS SPEND
A DAY IN FAIRYLAND
<j-j C 7 EARI.Y 7<W) school children ac-
NEARLY The Call's invitation to
cepted The Call's Invitation to
attend the cakewalk carnival
|^ [[ matinee given in their honor
yesterday afternoon, and for
three solid hours sat entranced with
the brilliant spectacle that passed and
repassed before their wandering eyes.
It was as. though they had been ad
mitted to the abode of the fairies for
a brief peep at the wonderful things
they had been told about but never
dared hope to Bee. The changing
scenes, with all their gorgeous color
ing! was like a panorama and held
their attention as though they had
been put under hypnotic influence,
but not altogether so; for at Intervals
the spell was broken and the moving
figures of the floor, blazing with gold
and tinsel, wen greeted with sponta
neous bursts of applause, all the more
complimentary because sincerely
given. It was a great day for the lit
tle folks who were being entertained
as the guests of The Call, and it was
a great day for the juvenile artist:.
who contributed to the entertain
ment as well as the grown-up pi . -
fessionals.
The carnival management was pre
pared to receive a big crowd, but it
failed to realize the magnitude of the
task it had been asked to assume.
There was an early gathering in the
street in front of the Pavilion long
fore the hour for the opening of the
doors, and the moment the portals
were swung upon their hinges a rush
was made for the interior that con
tinued until long after 2 o'clock. The
half-dozen ticket takers on duty work
ed as they never worked before and
as they hope never to have to work
again. It seemed to them as though
every child in the city had swooped
down upon them armed with a Call
coupon, and all clamorous for admis
sion to wonderland.
They came' in hordes, some accom
panied by their mammas and others
by their papas or elder sisters, and
-ora" apparently alone, but fully con
fident of their ability to take care of
themselves. By some unexplained
miracle the management finally suc
ceeded In finding seats for all by the
time the signal for the entry of the
grand opening pageant was given
Led by Miss Pearl Hickman, the chief
drum major, attired in her glittering
uniform and carrying a staff as a
symbol of her authority, the proces
sion moved out upon the floor and
the hypnotizing process was well un
der way. The king and queen in their
chariot drawn by half a dozen har
lequins satisfied all doubters that
they were really viewing a fairy spec
tacle, and they proceeded to settle
down to a full enjoyment of the feast.
Tn the center of the floor, near the
entrance to the Pavilion and in full
view of the audience, a large inclosure
had been arranged for the competitors
in the Chinese- baby show and their
parents, and from the tiers of seats by
which they were surrounded the group
of Orientals presented a peculiarly
gorgeous appearance. The little Chi
nese abies had been carefully pre
pared for the beauty test and looked
as handsome and pretty as paint and
cosmetics, together with splendid be-
Jeweled headdresses and beautiful silk
en garments, could make them. Next
were the Juvenile cakewalkers and
fancy dancers. They were the center
of attraction, and after the judges had
made their awards the little Celestial
beauties were surrounded by an admlr
R. Porter*, treasurer. A. D. Turner; «er
geant-at-arms, X. Jansen.
League Democrats Meet
The Democratic Municipal League Club
of the Thirty-first Assembly District held
an enthusiastic meeting at Teutonia Hall
;„., evening. Speeches were made by J.
J Barrett, J. P. McLaughlan and M. C.
Hassett Mayor Phelan was indorsed.
Forty-First District Club.
The regular Democratic Club of- the
Forty-first District met last night in the
banquet hall of H. H. \™™s2JL™£:
dence 2912 Clay street. W.J. lJoiilon oc
cupied The chair. Favorable reports were
received from the precinct branches of
the organization.
Thirty-Second District.
The Phelan Democratic Club of the
Thirtv-s»cond Assembly District met in
the hall at Eighteenth and Florida streets
m, r.ieht to listen to an address by
Charles A. Sweigert. The president, Ed
Lawton. Introduced the speaker, who
made an attach upon corporations, which,
he Mil "stab and bleed the people at the
Sfstol's point." He denounced the Buck-
Invites as political pirates, and warned
true Democrats not to enter into. a com
bination with corruption During his pero
ration, referring to the city, he said.
"where the morning glories dwell on the
hills of twilight." He was tendered a vote
of thanks and the club disposed of some
routine business.
South Side Democrats Meet.
The Twenty-ninth District Democratic
Club held its regular weekly meeting last
night at Baker's Hall. Addresses were
made by K. Porter Ashe, Oscar Hocks
and Colonel Thomas Barry. In opening
his remarks Ashe stated that oefore com-
InK to the meeting he received a note in
forming him that if he Bpoke at Braun
hart's meeting the rival Democratic club
would get sore. The Senator said that
only politeness prevented him from re
turning the note.
Monument -League Active.
A sub-committee of the Lincoln Monu
ment League met last night at. the office
of Judge M. Cooney and ueclded to invoke
the aid of the various Improvement clubs
throughout the city in raising subscrip
tions for the erection of the monument.
CHINESE BABY PRIZE WINNERS.
ing throng of ladies from the audience,
an intermission being announced to
afford an opportunity for a closer In
spection of the gayly bedecked midgets.
The Chinese mammas and papas were
inordinately proud of the attentions
showered upon their offspring, and the
parents of the prize winners made no
effort to conceal their delight. Six
prizes were awarded, three for boys
and three for girls. In addition sev
eral of the babies were selected as
worthy of honorable mention. The
winners of first prizes were given gold
medals made in Chinatown, the suc
cessful contestants being i/oul Tow
and Yung Wing. The second and third
prizes consisted of jeweled headdresses
for girls and Chinese caps for the
boys.
The juveniles were in their glory and
fairly outdid themselves. Frankie
Buttner. the three-year-old cokewalk
er, and little Margaret Cronin won new
laurels, while Blanche Trelease and
ACCUSED OF THEFT.
Harry Kispert, a Jeweler, ' Charged
With Robbing His Employer.
. Harry Kispert, a manufacturing jeweler
employe- by Shreve& C 0.," wholesale deal
ers at Market and Fremont streets, was
arrested last night by Detective Graham
and charged at the City Prison with petty
larceny.' .';' :' J ~-'-
For some time past Shreve & Co. have I
been missing small- quantities of gold, and
suspecting that Kispert was the culprit
they decided to place a watch on him.
Yesterday, It is claimed, he was seen to)
appropriate three small pieces of gold, and :
was immediately .taken to task. Kispert j
flrst claimed that he had taken the gold,
intending to make it Into a ring, but \
finally admitted his guilt. On being told j
that he was to be punished for the al- j
leged theft Kispert asked permission to
wash his hands. During the temporary
absence of the men who had detected him
Kispert secretly left the place. Last even
ing he was found at his home in South
San Francisco and taken Into custody. 1
Kispert says the arrest is all a -mistake,
and claims he will be able to establish
his Innocence when the case is heard In
the Police Court.
Social Council's Officers.
Last evening Deputy Taylor, assisted by
Grand Recorder Wall Is as grand marshal, ]
installed the following officers of Social
Council No. 46 .in Coloma Hall. Native
Sons' building, for the current term- of
six months: Miss K. I. Goodell, past
councilor; W. M. Sullivan, councilor; '
George W. Smith, vice councilor; Mrs. K.
A. Adams, Instructor; W. F. Gibson, sec
retary; A. G. Baker, assistant secretary;
F. Ushaus, treasurer; Mrs. J. S. Cog-gins,
prelate; Mrs. Alice Goodall. marshal; Mrs. !
J. Hanley, warden; Mrs. Minnie Drossell,
guard; Mrs. S. Crouch, sentry; R. T. ,
Baccus, F. C. Adams and W. J.
O'Shaughnessy, trustees. After the cere
monies there was an adjournment to the
banquet hall, where a collation was
served and there were music, songs and
speeches.
Rag-Time Hayes and Tamales
At Kapp & Street's Tamale Grotto nightly. •
Harry Mangels gave an exhibition that
was applauded to the echo. Irene
Davis' Castanet dance, Lena Hall's co
covianne dance, Irene Wilson's skirt
dance. Alma l'■ wen's contortion dance,
Edna Honn's specialty dance, the Cu
pid dance by Daisy Belle Kormal and
the Highland "fling by Adele Nelson
were all enthusiastically applauded, as
were others too numerous to mention.
The usual professional, society and
amateur cakewalks were put on and
contributed their full share to the en
tertainment.
Altogether The Call has every reason
to' feel well satisfied with the result of
its effort to afford an afternoon's en
tertainment for the school children of
San Francisco, and that the latter
were satisfied was amply evidenced by
their actions.
The evening programme was un
usually elaborate; in fact, the carnival
improves, like good wine, with age.
Of course, the feature of the show was
the electric cake-- alk. which appears
to have made a decided hit, and the
three thousand people who composed
the audience last night applauded it
enthusiastically. It is a novelty and
some fears were at first expressed that
the wires which supply the currents
for the lights might become detached
while the dancers were going through
their evolutions and spoil the effect,
and tins did happen for a moment on
Wednesday night but Al White, the
electrician, has succeeded In arrang
ing tin batteries so that this diffi
culty has been entirely obviated. The
three figures flitting gracefully across
the floor ablaze with electric lights
is a treat to all who admire the beau
tiful. Miss Hickman, Miss I.a Salle
and Mr. Barr have received many com
mendations for the success of their
latest novelty.
The delsartian cakewalk and artis
tic poslngs, under the direction of Mrs.
L. Honn, also caught the fancy of a
large majority of the spectators, many
of whom appear to i.,- just beginning
to realize that a delsartian cakewalk
is slightly different from a plantation
cakewalk.
Last evening marked the beginning
of the contests for the prizes to be
awarded by the carnival management,
The contests are being judged by J. M.
Cumming of this city, Harry C. Blair
of Sacramento and L. C. Foster of
Portland, Or., and the last two at
least are preparing to take the first
train out of town as soon as the final
decisions are announced, as there are
sure to be a number of bitterly disap
pointed contestants. The professionals
went through the- preliminary "heat."
and the judges selected live couples to
compete in tie- finals to-night as fol
lows, the others being dropped: J.
Walker Cole and Georgie Brown, A. F.
Williams and .Miss Rosseau, Everett
Brown and Miss Simmons. F. G. Till
man and lady, and Mr. McMahon and
Annie Kelly. The juveniles and the
society cakewalkers also had their pre
liminaries and will go on again to
night, the finals to be decided Saturday
evening.
This afternoon there will be another
matinee for the children, the special
features being a congress of juvenile
cakewalkers and fancy dancers in ad
dition to the regular programme. This
evening the Compaions of the Forest,
twelve circles, will be in attendance
and in addition to the ■ championship
contests the electric cakewalk and
other special features will be put on.
THE GREAT EXCURSION TO
SANTA CRUZ.
Delightful Weather at the New-
port of the Pacific.
Excursion Passenger ' Agent Menton !
reports that the public interest in the!
Santa Cruz excursion next Sunday con- I
tinues unabated, the encampment of the
League . of the Cross Cadets being the
chief attraction. Excursionists will
have" an" opportunity to witness the
cadets break camp Sunday afternoon.
The season at Santa Cruz is now at its
height, and no more interesting spec
tacle can be witnessed than to watch
the throngs of pleasure-seekers at the
bathing pavilions. At this time of the
year the weather at Santa Cruz is de
lightful and the event of next Sunday
affords a splendid opportunity for the
people of this locality to escape for
one day at least the prevailing winds
and fogs. Excursionists will have five
hours at their disposal after their ar
rival at Santa Cruz. ;.: v
Round-trip tickets ($2) are now on
sale at the Grand Hotel ticket office,
013 Market street, and can also be ob
tained at the ferry ticket office on the
morning of the excursion.
Trains leave ferry landing, foot of
Market street, at 7:4.". a. m. Returning
arrive in San Francisco at 8:06 p. m.
For the information of would-be ex
cursionists it can be understood that
the sink near Alameda has been re
paired and trains are now running on
regular time.
Drunken Small Boys.
Matthew Brady, Joseph .Toy and Charles
Carston, small boys, were arrested yester
day-morning by Policeman McNamara on
Brannan street, near Fifth, in a drunken
stupor. When they recovered their senses
in the City Prison they said they got the
liquor from a saloon-keeper on Bryant
street, but. refused to give his name. The
police will endeavor to discover the sa
loon man and punish him. ; •: "
BAG DEALERS FORM
A BIG COMBINATION
Have Agreed to Corner Over Five
. Million Grain Bags,
The Price Has Already Advanced and May Jump Still
Higher — An Overdue Ship From Calcutta
Complicates the Situation.
f— _jHERE is every likelihood that the
[price of grain bags will rise to a
high figure before many 'lays have
X passed. This result is in conse
quence of a combination made h>
about fourteen of the large »n-P?rte"£JJ
private holders, whereby over S.OW.WW
bags have been cornered or set aside to
w2t for a rising market. The combina
tion was forme,, two weeks ago. and th
price has already advanced from one
eighth to one-fourth of a cent, the ruling
rate now being 5*4 cents per bag.
The agreement entered Into by Balfour
Guthrie & Co.. Cutter & Moseley. Neville
& Co.. S. Koshland & Co.. Ames & Har
ris, Meyer & Wilson. Girvin & Eyre and
half a dozen smaller holders who have
bought bags on speculation, contemplates
the sale of all bags nnt so set aside. After
that the latter may be sold, but only by
permission of a committee appointed from,
among the .balers who are in the com
bine. _ ,
It is a well-known fact that the. bag
market has been in a demoralized cond.
tion ever since last year, when on account
of the shortage in crops the dealers lost
vast amounts of money and were left
with large quantities of bags on their
i hands. The price this year has been as
low as 5 cents, which, it is claimed, is
I lower than the importing price, that is,
I including interest, long storage and insur
i ance This price recently advanced to
'5% cents and slowly stiffened to 5% and
I oi 4 cents. The dealers say it is to guard
; themselves against loss this season that
i they have agreed to "lock up' over 5.000.
--1 000 ' bags •by temporarily withdraw
! them from sale. They disclaim any inten-
I tion of forming a trust to force prices up,
, but say they have simply combined as a
; measure of precaution, One large im
: porter in discussing the situation said:
1 "We have not combined to force prices
i up, but only to guard against future
i losses. Something has to be done, and
I it was decided that the best way out of
i the difficulty was to remove a certain
j number of bags from the possibility of :
I sale If there was any combination to I
! raise the price bags would be selling at 10
i cents each to-day."
The fact remains, however, that though I
NAVY DIVORCE
SCANDAL ENDS
IN A BATTLE
Thornton and Collin
Mix Matters.
— —
FORMER WAS THE ASSAILANT
— ♦ —
OBJECTION TO A QUESTION
CAUSES THE TROUBLE.
» ■
Bailiff Cooper Kicked During the Set
to, but Separates the Princi
pals—Fine of Fifty Dol
lars Imposed.
. ■ r-"_-v;
With the sound of hammering fists and J
the splashing of gore the Lung divorce
Milt, as far as the evidence is concerned, j
ram- to a fitting end yesterday. From
the beginning the divorce scandal of the j
navy has developed dramatic scenes. A
few days ago Mrs. Lung hurled herself
Into the corridor outside Judge Murasky's
courtroom and proceeded to batter Hen ;
True, a witness in the case. Then she pro
ceeded to enact a scene which caused an j
adjournment of court. Yesterday it was
not the principals in the scandal but the i
lawyers who made things howl, and out
of it all but one lesson has been learned. |
Crittenden Thornton has been made aware
that it is expensive to attack opposing
counsel; also that it is not safe to strike
a smaller man, even though he may be |
seated at the time. " •' \ '■•'■.-_ .
The cross-examination of Mrs. Lung by
Mr Thornton was the cause of the diffi
culty Mrs. Lung had testified that dur-
Ing a visit at a certain hotel she had been
Insulted on two occasions by one of the
guests and said that her husband had
avenged her by slapping his face. "Don't
you know." said Thornton, "that the -lif- .
Acuity at the hotel is simply the result of
your imaginative brain?" Attorney
George D. Collins, who represents Mrs.
Lung objected to the question— that it
was uncalled for and ungentlemanly.
"What's that?" said Thornton.
"The reporter will read my objection,"
said Mr. Collins. The reporter read the
objection, and then Thornton, who was on
ids feet, made a rush" at Collins, who
was seated at the bar. Thornton swung
a vicious blow at Collins' head, but Col
lins ducked, and the fist of his assailant
just grazed his cheek. At the same time
Collins' fist swung around and it crunched
Into the Ups of Thornton. Thornton's
head went back from the force of the
blow, the blood spurted from his lips and
they clinched. Over they went, the chair
in which Collins was seated crushing un
der the weight of the combatants.
At this point Bailiff Cooper sailed into
the fight. He made a reach for Thorn
ton's collar, • but the frenzied lawyer I
launched out from the rear and landed
one of his heels on the bailiff's right
ankle. It stopped Cooper but an instant,
however, and then he lifted Thornton
back Into his seat, and' the battle was
over judge Murasky, who had sprung
from his seat at the opening of hostilities,
Immediately adjudged Thornton guilty of
contempt of court. Mr. Collins then arose
and said that he hoped the court would'
be lenient with Mr. Thornton, as he evi
dently had been actuated by uncontrolla
ble impulse.
••J don't want any excuses made for me
bj Mr. Collins." said Thornton. "What I
did I did with deliberation and am willing
to take the consequences."
Thereupon Judge Murasky. fined Thorn
ton $50, but as he did. not have the amount
in his 'pocket the court granted him five
days in which to procure the necessary j
coin. A minute order of the action of the •
court was made, and the cross-examina- I
tion of Mrs. Lung continued. This con
cluded the case was submitted on briefs, j
All matters of fact being clear to the
court, but one thing remains to be set- |
tled—the matter of Dr. Lung's residence.
Should it be found that under the law he
has no residence In this city and county
his case will fall and he will have to at
tain a residence before he can wage sue- j
cessful litigation against his wife Eliza;
beth for a divorce, "a vincule matrimoni.
Private Windrow Must Stay.
Richard Windrow, a 20-year-old private
in the Thirty-fifth United States Volun
teers, was brought before United States
District Judge de Haven yesterday and
discharged from the army by order of the
court. Windrow's guardian had him
brought up on habeas corpus, and the
youth has lost the opportunity of visiting
the Philippines.
there 'in? been no appreciable advance ln
prices so far, there is no telling what
will happen when all the "free" bags, or
those not bound by the agreement, will
have been sold. There is no doubt that
the farmer will be called upon to pay a
higher rate than he is paying now.
Another circumstance that is affecting
the. market to a considerable extent is
the fact thai four or five million bags
are on the British ship Macduff, now 162
days from Calcutta. Her destination is
Portland, Or., where the demand for hags
is bout to begin. No uneasiness, how
ever, is felt at her non-appearance as
yet. and only 20 per cent reinsurance has
been offered. The average trip is about
125 days, and should the vessel fail to
materialize the bag .situation would be
further complicated. A large per cent of
her cargo has also been pledged by the
dealers as not being for sale until all
other bags are disposed of.
It will require about "5.000.000 bags to
move the barley and wheat crops in this
State. Oregon, Washington and the con
tiguous territories, and should the Mac
duff never arrive it would mean the tak
ing up of all bags no-* on hand or in
process of manufacture, with hardly
enough to go around. It the Macduff does
not come in two weeks, the price will
certainly jump to 6 cents or higher. So
says one of the importers who lias sub
scribed to the agreement. This he ar
gues, will place the handling of bags on
a paying basis.
Another feature of the bag situation is
the fact that signers of the agreement
are selling bags, not pledged, to outsid
ers and it is said that the latter are buy
ing them on a speculation, seeing that
the price is bound to go higher, when
the combine is left with the bass cov
ered by the contract. One of the biggest
importers denied that there was any bag
trust in the deal. . 
"It is not our Intention, said tie, to
raise bags to any unreasonable price. "Ac
simply have come to the conclusion that
we must stop selling at a loss. Ihe ar
rival of the Macduff *-"■ • a e»' e . th *L.Tf}" 0
affair, and with her cargo there will be
bags enough to supply the demand. I
am certain that the prices will not ma
fertalH- advance. We do not want the idea
to go out that we are trying to squeeze
he farmers for that is not. our Inten
tion Ban sold at a further losses
■:, ad it is to prevent further
that we have subscribed to the agree
ment."
SULLIVAN IS NOT THE MAN.
I Mrs. Lecari's Recollection Was Not
Good as to the Masked, Would-Be
Robber.
Captain Gillin and Detectives Graham
and Fitzgerald, after a earetul "vvesn^
gation of all the facts surrounding the
arrest of Daniel, alias "Pop" Sullivan,
as being on- of the masked men who or
dered "all hands up" and did the shoot
ing at the store of Lecari on the san
Kruno road on last Monday night, were
compelled to turn him loose last evening.
The Mission Police Department, in order
to give Lecari and his wife a fair chance
to identify Sullivan, had him placed
among five of the trustees at the Central
station yesterday. They at once identified
him as being one of the masked men who
entered the store. Not quite satisfied
with this proof Captain Gillin instructed
his detectives to make a further investi
gation of Sullivan's whereabouts on the
night of the hold-up. _
Acting on these instructions Graham
' and Fitzgerald ascertained from reliable
persons that Sullivan was elsewhere on
' the night in question. With this informa
tion at hand Captain Gillin ordered, the
j discharge of Sullivan from custody.
Kirn Oy Is Under Age.
Judge Lawlor rendered a decision yes
terday in the case of Kirn Oy, the young
girl who was rescued from a life of shame
in Spofford alley a few weeks ago. Ah
'Sgun, who alleges that she is- the girl's
mother swore out a writ of habeas cor
pus. After the hearing yesterday Judge
Lawlor dismissed the writ and remanded
the girl to the custody of the Methodist
Mission. The court said that during the
hearing of the writ he had been forced to
listen to the most infamous perjury mi
the part of the alleged mother in his ex
perience. Such perjury is seldom pre
sented in a court, he said, and if the
proofs can be found the woman should
be prosecuted for her crime. The decision
rendered, the alleged mother set up a
howl and a wail that made the corridors
ring. She was finally dragged downstairs,
however, placed in a hack and sent to her
home.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_2--4-"-- \. — »* '•"•-.-"*V T_S -v-*
'* *■ 2\ 3*"*** > J _5 ' I ■*,liP'^'
*
A LOVING, DAINTY WIFE
Likes to see her husband arrayed in
immaculate linen. We can cite man*,*
cases of where wives insist on sending
their linen to our laundry, and ladies
are good judges of how laundry* work
should be done and know a good thing
when they see it.
No saw* edges.
The United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
ONE week pi __H
FREE '3. §
Treatment and Medicine gf^^ §
FOR 2 &%^
Catarrh Deafness, %im
NOISES IN THE EARS _S Sss£&
AND THROAT DISEASES SeT/JiM
given to show the superior "~+/ ,Tt\ .-
merit of my new invention §§§>' .„££_-"
and ANTISEPTIC treatment; *~^ <.___■"
that gives many marvelous §& -^E__l
cures and so easy a child fl^ss- --_-__Bi ■
can use it. In 1200 test cases <""
all CATARRHAL, patients re- "-*A {S_|'gß- >
lieved and 80 per cent Deaf- *^*<j*/-^-_- :^s
ness cured. Best of references Ki^*^^-?_f_g"^<y>
and hundreds of endorsements. - But the best is
to try It and be convinced while you can.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-11 A. M.. 1-3 and 7-8. P. *__,no_textno_text